Dean M. Roberts::The Blazers did what they were supposed to do: 1. Win at home 2. Beat a team that's under 500 I don't believe this was their best game, but a win is a win. GO BLAZERS!
Adam Pilarski::It would have been less of a game if the Pelicans could have missed anything they threw toward the rim in the 1st quarter...they came out unbelievably hot...nothing anyone can do about that. We just need to be sure to come out with defensive intensity every game.
Jason Cross::Lillard is better than Davis,  nuff said
Gary Webb::Better at scoring yeah.... I'll take Davis's defense and rebounding in the playoffs though.
David Vickery::29 of 30 NBA GMs would take Davis over Lillard. The last one would be the Blazer's GM, and he'd lie. Davis has been amazing this season and is by far the best player on his team. Lillard was excellent today but you can't really say he's a better player than Davis, unless your only metric is "His team has more wins"
Mike Newman::That's if the Pelicans make the playoffs. I doubt they will with so many better teams than them.
Mark Gilbert::Would like to see Portland find an inside game or at least work towards that a bit,,, This certainly was not their best game but again a win is better than a loss and we will take it,,, Props the the Blazers for only committing 7 TOs for the game,, and their free throw shooting has remained stellar all year long,,, this is what i think enables a good team to win with a poor shooting game,,,, They do have the ability to play defense when need too,, like last years team,,, takes a lot of energy to play defense anytime,,,  Great to see this years bench scoring way up as well,,, This years team may get knocked alot for being an outside shooting team but they have also improved in the said areas earlier to make up any down falls so far,,, sure their shooting fan tapper off but that doesnt mean they wont do other things to make up for shooting slumps if it does happen,,,,, Nice win Portland !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Dean M. Roberts::Like Jimmy V. Would say, 'If you do these 3 things, you'll have a winning season'. Win all home games, beat all teams that are under 500, and have a winning road record. So far we are doing everything right. Keep up the good work guys....... GO BLAZERS!
Eric Witt::Portland has gotten away from playing defense. If they want to be a threat in the West they better rectify that. They were never an elite defense, but middle of the pack. Lately it has been nearly non-existent...
Matt Semperboni::If anything will bring them down later in the season, it will be defense. Even in a lot of these wins their defense has been horrible, the offense has just been good enough to outscore teams.
James Lensen-Callas::I expect a bounce back game for the Blazers but this Hornets team is young and dangerous.  They match up well with the Blazers from: Jrue to Lillard, Wes to Gordon/Evans, Aldridge to Anderson, Davis to Lopez.  Batum will have to have a good game. Should be a fun one to watch
Jared Borne::*Pelicans not Hornets.
Anthony Jarred Passante::davis is injured
John Luttrell::Playoff teams beat lesser teams, especially when the better team doesn't play well. Move on to the next one.  Nice win Blazers.
Fiti Bear::Lillard was in his rookie year and now again better than Davis  this season  Lillard should have been  drafted at  nr1 but glad my Blazers drafted him
Matt Elmore::You're actually dead wrong on this, and it's not even close. Using PER (which is the best measure of a player's performance relative to his team's success), Lillard had a PER of 16.4 last season; Davis was at 21.7 (league average is 15). This year, Lillard is at 20.5; Davis is at 27.9 (which places him at #3 behind LeBron and KD). Lillard has been playing well, but his heroics have overshadowed relatively erratic shooting and playmaking from time to time. And the defensive disparity between Davis and Lillard is huge. In fact, if that draft were allowed to be re-done today, Lillard probably only moves up to #5-Sacramento. It would've been 1) Davis 2) Drummond 3) Henson 4) Cleveland has Kyrie-so probably Barnes 5) Lillard.
Fiti Bear::Matt Elmore  yes AD per is better because all he can    do is   dunks nothing else Lillard destroyed him and you know what Lillard looked like a 7.2  ft    Tall Center when he went  agains the weak  AD to score a basket hahaha
Matt Elmore::Fiti Bear PER doesn't work if all you can do is dunk. PER works when you are averaging 19 and 10 with 1.6 steals and 3 blocks per game. Last time I checked Davis does not guard Lillard, so Lillard didn't destroy Davis (plus Davis had a good game himself so don't hate). But I know Portland fans need something to cheer about, so I'll let you have this one
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Anyone see the new Hornets logo? Man I wish the Pelicans didn't change names.
Adam Youman::hell ya that sh!t is sick!
Buddy Dooley::Monty Williams and Ray Nagin.  Separated at birth?
Christopher Butler::lol good one!
Matt Semperboni::If the playoffs started today the Blazers would play Phoenix in the first round....uh oh.
Mang Artemio::cmon blazers cover the line
Michael Murphy::Portland sucks
Adam Taberman::If you honestly believe that, you don't know basketball.
Kyle Thompson::yeah 23-5 really sucks. lol get outta here hater
Dean M. Roberts::This comes from a Sixers fan and they know about sucking!
Matt Elmore::The problem with the Pelicans is that, while Davis scores 21 points on 13 shots, you have too many guys playing inefficient basketball. Anderson takes 17 shots to score 18. Holiday takes 14 shots to get 13. Evans takes 22 shots to get 21. Gordon is usually the main culprit, and while he shot well, he still had a plus/minus of -12 in a 3 point loss. They really need to re-distribute the shots so that their best player (Davis) gets more involved and the guards have a better awareness of shot selection going forward
Chuck Douglas::It's called "getting a new Coach".
Matt Elmore::Chuck Douglas I think Monty Williams is a good coach who's been put in a tough position ever since his first season. Remember, they made the playoffs that first year but promptly traded away CP3 for a package centered around Scola, Martin, Odo…excuse me, package centered around Aminu and Gordon. Basically Gordon blew up in their face; he's dead weight for them
Kimberley Andersen::Blazers shooting is coming down to earth. This is still a team that lives off jump shots and plays bad D. Now that their shooters are looking human, if they keep playing D the way they have been to this point in the season against good teams.... I see a big losing streak in their near future
Marc Johnson::uh oh everyone! kimberly anderson sees a big losing streak for the blazers! brace yourselves!
Fiti Bear::that's why they are 23-5  kimberley
Adam Youman::Im confused as to why the Pelicans cannot be a good team. Tyreke Evans, Anthony Davis, Jrue Holiday, Ryan Anderson, and Eric Gordon are all star caliber players....plenty of talent to build a really good team around
Logan Roussel::Sure they have talent, but when you can't finish games you aren't a playoff team.  I don't think the Pellies have won against a team over .500 yet.
Adam Youman::Logan Roussel they are all young stars tho. bright future if you can hang on to all of them
Logan Roussel::Adam Youman Oh I completely agree.  I think next year they will be playoff contenders.  I'm not sure how much longer Monty is going to stick around though.  Part of me is loyal to Monty and the other part of me wants him out.  I guess we'll have to see.
Fred M. King::Blazer loss almost assured.  Reason?  Two words!  Ron Garretson!  In his tenure as an official, he has officiated almost 40 Blazer games.  Wins?  Single digits....lower single digits!  (PS.  He doesn't like Denver either)
Fred M. King::The League says they don't keep records like this....but if you believe that I've got a bridge in the Sahara I'd like to sell!
Adam Youman::maybe this record is because portland has sucked a big one for a while
Philip Charles::Adam Youman: Spoken like someone who knows what sucking the big one is all about.
Adam Youman::The Pelicans are by no means a bad team but...they not that great either. very surprised to see this game so close near the end. btw where is everyone?? only 38 comments??
Kerby Ellis::I will admit this,  The Blazers are giving up a lot of points this year.  We're 1st or second in scoring but in the middle of the pack in giving up points!!!!!!!!
Adam Youman::Kerby Ellis more importantly is that your at the bottom third of the pack for def efficiency
Drew Holland::The points the defense allows is so skewed because of how the Blazers play offense.  When you shoot the ball quicker on offense, it naturally allows the other teams to have more possessions.  It doesn't matter how great you are, its just basic math, give a team more possessions they will naturally score more.  The indicator you need to use to better assess a defense is points per position they allow the opposing team.  When you look at this stat, Portland is 9th best in the league.  The best teams according to defensive Points Per Possession are the teams you would expect, Indy and the Spurs
Justin Taslak::Keep shooting Lamarcus, clearly you are the most efficient player on your team right now so you should take all the shots
Fiti Bear::it's lillard team LMA can't even outplay any other top PF Dirk Outplayed him Morris brothers outplayed LMA  Love outplayed LMA  AD outplayed LMA  Thanks Lillard Blazers are the best NBA team not because of LA
Kyle White::3's aren't falling for the Blazers, they need to keep driving in the paint and just get to the line.
Jason Peters::Sorry Blazer fans, I bet on your team. I am the KISS OF DEATH... Pelicans win by 5
Kyle White::With how much money your losing, I'm really beginning to doubt you rarely bet on games. Unless it's like a couple bucks here and there. Blazers are winning this one.
Adam Youman::why do you always say this every single day like people care? it got old like a week ago get over yourself
Kyle White::Adam Youman  He likes to believe he has influence over games.
Fred M. King::Pelicans coming in with the same amount of rest as the Blazers.  Shake off the T-Wolves guys....it was a fluke.  Let's make sure that plane ride home is a long one!
Joe Coburn::It wasn't a fluke. Yes, you guys are a better team than us. No, it wasn't a fluke, you guys were playing on the final game of a 4 games in 5 days. As a wolves fan, I have witnessed my team play in those circumstances........It is not pretty. The simple fact that you guys made it a game in the end really impressed me. You guys have that "IT" factor, and I know you guys are starting to feel it. Anyways, there is no fluke in losing on the second end of back to backs, let alone losing on the end of a 4 in 5. Go wolves.
Matt Semperboni::As a Blazer fan I really didn't expect them to win the Wolves game. 4th game in 5 days right after 2 down-to-the-wire games and the tail end of a road trip against a talented team that's better than their record. There's a reason Popovich rests his best players in those kinds of games. I think it showed a lot that the Blazers were able to rally from 30 down to pull within 5 instead of just accepting they were tired and waiting for the plane ride home. Hopefully they can get back on track before a tough stretch against the Clippers, Heat and Thunder.
John Luttrell::Joe Coburn It's tough on the forth game on the road.  Love Love. Love the Adelman.  You guys represent what Portland has tried to always represent.  Team ball, no heros.
Buddy Dooley::If you or I acted like Mathews we'd be hauled in on assault charges.
Dave Joacksom::Blazers playing like crap this last quarter.
Will Bernanke::OVER 108 LOCK 2ND HALF,   RISKING 2200 TO WIN 2K,   BOOK IT FOOLS
