Mr. Patreeky::<a> <b> a</b></a>
Mr. Patreeky::<a> a</a>
sportscrazy45029::YOU people in denver booed kobe even though he was acquitted of those made up charges by that girl. you hypocrites
Eaglesaregreen::1 2 3 4 5 Sixers! 10 9 8 76ers!
crabbymacintosh::SPENCER HAWESOME
MaskdDingo::"He heard loud, intense boos during pregrame introductions"  Lies!!!!   He was cheered loudly during intros. He was also cheered loudly after they showed his tribute video during the first stoppage of play.  Of course he was booed when he touched the ball... you expect the crowd to cheer for the other team?
jdizzy86::I think the boos had more to do with whats he's said since leaving philly than his actual play here
Government_Cheese15::Either way, it makes no sense. 76er TRADED him. He didn't bail on the city. Why boo when he has the ball?
Mumu8833::He thinks too highly of himself.  I liked him before he made those comments about being able to efficiently average 20 ppg and how DC held him back.  Hey, us Philly fans still cheered him at intros and the video montage even though he talked $@%! this off season.  Philly fans = class no matter what the national media says
xAnvil50x::because he's all cocky now
turrific14::because he is on the other team? have you ever been to a basketball game before?
Mumu8833::ESPN loves to lie for a story
charlie hustle bets the over::can't quite put my finger on how this game was decided. nuggets had more turnovers, but had more points off turnovers than the 6ers did.  both teams shot horrendously. nuggs had a lot of paint scoring, and the guards didn't play tremendously well. fast break points were similar. think the difference might be hawes, he was clearly the game's MVP.
xAnvil50x::yep
xAnvil50x::denver shot terrible from deep
aprzyuski::the difference was the 3-point shooting in the first half by both teams.
charlie hustle bets the over::yeah you're probably right, think the nuggs went 0-8 in the first half, or something similar.
lakers_most_over-rated team of old has beens::Man the Nuggets look lost. No leader.   Iggy is overrated, Ty is good but not a leader.  Denver could have used Harden, he would have been the missing piece.
Government_Cheese15::apparently the rockets could have really used Harden, too.
RRM40::Its actually interesting how similar the nuggets and sixers are: play solid D, and try to run on other teams. Also, (with Bynum out) neither have a true superstar, just a handful of solid team players.
charlie hustle bets the over::yep, both teams shot horrible, denver just happened to play worse, haha. i like the 6ers though.  like you said, they have a very similar style to the nuggets.
diehardnr1::Where was Pam McGee when the Nuggets needed her to stare her boy back into thinking of the game instead of whatever movie is playing in his head.' Teammates all say JaVale is highly intelligent...if thats the case then he just seems to be whiny looking and a pouter...I would have preferred he just be dumb... Granny always said you can fix dumb...but not stupid
69durango::Let's trade Chandler and McGee to Charlotte or Toronto or ?? for their first round draft pick so we can get our "superstar".  Then give Mosgov a contract and get the most out of him and Koufos.  Fournier looks like the real deal.  And then pray that Gallo can stay healthy, Iggy can be worth the deal, Ty can be the glue and the engine and Manimal continues to improve.  I think we can't trade McGee until 1-31-13 so we give him and Chandler that much time to improve and fit in if possible.
charlie hustle bets the over::not sure if you guys watched preseason, but javale showed flashes of brilliance. his footwork is WAYYY better, but still not where it needs to be. he had 4 blocks in 1 game during the preason.  i'm dumbfounded you want to get rid of him after the FIRST regular season game. chandler i agree with though, his offense doesn't fit the nuggets style.
Mizzle85::We wouldn't dare trade our first RD pick for either of those clowns. The picks we got from Portland or Detroit would be more realistic.  Edit: They aren't clowns. I'd be thrilled to have either here to continue with our rebuilding. But our draft pick is a potential #1 pick in the draft. Can't do it.
RRM40::who would want Javale Mcgee? Talk about unrealized potential...all that time in the offseason wasted with hakeem
69durango::I was afraid of that.
diehardnr1::I think thats a big part of the problem...he's trying to play like Hakeem in his mind...he just can't get his feet to cooperate,,,lol
charlie hustle bets the over::sheesh, i know it's early, but nuggets looked terrible.  hawes was an absolute beast, would be hilarious to see bynum backing up hawes and lavoy.
69durango::Iggy -19  wtf?   Gallo hurt again?  wtf?  It's obviously way early, but it looks like Denver is behind LAC, SA, HOUSTON (Harden and Lin look great), LAL, MEM, PORTLAND (Lillard..WOW), and UTAH.
xAnvil50x::possibly
bnesberg10::minnesota
xAnvil50x::definitely
bcumm69::Opposing teams must now fear the mullet!
tony850867::Roster overhaul, salary dumps &amp; fresh faces who can score from anywhere, makes the Sixers a dangerous team to play.  When Bynum is healthy enough to play, the skys' the limit.  Thanks to new ownership with a committment to bringing quality basketball back to Philly means exciting times ahead.  GO SIXERS!!!!
Thunder and Bobcats should combine to form the Thundercats 9::Hawesanity! Kevin Love 2.0!
philahusky::It great to finally move past the iggy era.  Good win to start.  nice to see jrue sign a deal as well
nba is the worst::Sixers got every call
phiteinphils::Game 1 overreaction:  I do not like Nick Young.  Shoots too much and doesn't pass the ball
jdizzy86::If you don't like Nick Young you must have hated Lou Williams.. Nick Young is bigger stronger, just as fast and can create shots a lot more than Lou can
C.Breezy215::So you don't like Nick Young because he does exactly what no other Sixer wanted to do last season with the exception of Lou Williams? We need a player or two like that and since he is coming off the bench I doubt he will take as many shots as AI use to.
korzagg3.0::He is Lou Williams but can score
diehardnr1::I  dislike him mainly because of the alfalfa hair-do  lol
diehardnr1::you are right...I was thinking of buckwheat...lol
POSTBUSTERSo_O::In what little rascals movie/show did Alfalfa have an afro????
knicks_11::were gonna score 100+ points  scores 75
diehardnr1::can't remember saying that... I was more concerned with the D,,,which, coupled with PHI poor shooting, was 16 pts less than last years pts against average. Don't worry, the offense will come...check back in February and let's see who has more PPG...Nuggets or Knicks
rmacaule::boom
CW3Bubba::great to Have a Real Basketball team back in the City!
ckysteve5::TEAM MUTTLET, fear the doo.
diehardnr1::Get real....  DEN played a horrible game and it still took Hawse (NOT the team) playing like Wilt for you guys to win.  See y'all in DEN
C.Breezy215::The Sixers also played a horrible game, jacking up stupid shots while allowing Denver to get out on the break. I don't see a single person saying the Sixers are headed to the finals because of a win over Denver sorry we get to be happy today and your just bitter but yeah see you in Denver and hopefully we have Bynum and can really bust your a$$.
POSTBUSTERSo_O::Uhhh...you could easily say philly didnt play good and still won....it was sloppy on both ends but the better team won
philahusky::what does denver playing horrible have to do with being excited for basketball in Philly?
diehardnr1::Trying to digest this game....one of the ugliest I have seen in awhile...  Nuggets were totally lost and out of synch.  I blame the following:  GKarl...QUIT TRYING TO OUTSMART YOURSELF and get your team ready to play as a TEAM.  Way too many combinations in exhibition to form any continuity...Massive fail so far George...  Ty Lawson:  Okay, you got the contract....CAN YOU WAKE UP NOW?  The only thing I have against Ty is that he seems either half-asleep or just down-right nonchalant for huge portions of games...Gotta step it up little buddy...without your speed you are just another undersized PG.  JaVale:  Wow...where to start?  So far this year, I have seen the player I expected out of WAS...goofy and totally out of sorts (and position!).  I thought he had made progress...Is the starter thing getting to him?? Is he sulking? Is GK asking too much (or too little) of him?  Whatever it is he needs to GROW UP and play like he is a 7'er in the NBA!  AI2... I am hoping this game was a fluke and Iggy really isn't this awkward and clumsy.  Hoping he is just trying to find his way...and wish someone would tell him DEN doesn't need him to be an outside shooter...they need him as a D presence and a slasher/screen setter deluxe on offense...thats it...nothing else...so he needs to try doing that maybe...  Gallo...Is this kid EVER going to be healthy??? I know Nuggets are deep and all...BUT that depth disappears quickly when a starter is constantly out or recovering as Gallo is...Nuggets are a better scoring team with him in...not when he is constantly on the day-to-day list...How do you say toughen up in Italian??  Wilson and Brewer...both seem to be struggling to find their shot...again, what good is depth when it doesn't produce?  Practice Practice Practice!  Dre...At times he seems to be as big a ball hog as Melo was!  Try passing Dre!  I always have dreaded when he "puts the team on his shoulders" late...sometimes he's hot and most times he's not...play your role and make assists!  FTs...less than 50%??  REALLY?? This is something that has plagued the Nuggets for years and just seems to get worse...better improve or they will continue to lose winnable games on the road!  3Pt...Wow...someone (Fournier?) needs to step up when they play a team that defends the paint as well as 6ers did.  This performance won't cut it...  Turnovers... Wow again!  This has to be the most awkwardly unlucky a team as I have ever seen!  Bad choice after bad choice when making split second decisions.  Nuggets need to wake up in a hurry.  Hopefully this was a learning game and they get it together before heading to FL.  (sigh)  GO NUGGETS!!!
bnesberg10::jesus you need a life
ddolph2822::Yeah Sixers were out of whack as well. Too many missed shots, and the Nuggets had 9 offensive rebounds in the first half. I was glad to see we held you to none in the second half, but still... Our "shooters" didn't shoot well. And a healthy Bynum will provide the inside presence that we needed. Our Defense kept us in the game ( as usual)... but the game got scary close in the 4th, and that was our problem last year. We let teams back in games in the 4th. Glad to get the win, and eager for Sunday. Both teams are in for great years.
diehardnr1::agreed...I normally like the 76ers and rooted for them in the playoffs.  They played a smothering paint D...and Ty's reluctance to drive sealed DENs fate.  Good luck this year...until you guys come to DEN for a little payback. ;-)
Why. Why God. Why did you cancel iCarly::haha did joel freeland finally make the jump to the nba?? hell yeah brother!! that dude is from england
leggosuns1969::Started betting with a system called Sportsbettingstar now for a couple of months. I found this online on the first page of google by searching the words sports betting system. Since I started I have made around $3,000 a month just following it. It is by far the best system I have ever tried in many years of betting
ddolph2822::Next we got a home and home 2 game series with the Knicks. Takin em both would be clutch.
Blazelover13::Once the Sixers get Bynum in there, they will easily be one of the teams to beat in the east. This win was a very solid defensive effort. Sure, could've used some more points, but Philly did what they usually do to pull out a great win: balanced scoring and strong defense. That's how you win. The Lakers are already paying the price for dealing Bynum (HA!), and Philly is just going to get better as the season goes along. Yes, it's just one game, but seeing an eastern conference finals of Heat vs. Sixers with Miami's offense versus the Sixers' defense would be fun! Can't wait to see more from Philly. GO SIXERS!
Ottities Unlimited LTD::Love the positiveness about the 6ers, while wondering does Montana State beat University of Montana this year?
RUN_SIXERS_RUN::HAWES!!!! Need i say more!?!?
GMAC1969::This is going to be an exciting year for Sixers basketball!!! If Bynum gets healthy, skies the limit!  What can you say about Hawes, but WOW!! Sharpshooters all over the floor....this is going to be a lot of fun!! GO SIXERS!!
laynestaleys04::Hawes is a fantastic team player
sgafsetomorpnpse::Sixers are a legit threat in the East if Bynum stays healthy. They're stacked.
gary wheatley::well yall im gonna watch a eastwood spagitti western on the internet then call it a night  lol  yall take care
gary wheatley::didnt you forget Kami, the lakers are picked by all the suposedly sorry cant spell, experts to face Miami in the finals? thats why they play the games people.  The Lakers are the same Lakers to me. Kobrick is Kobrick, Howard is the same Howard even though he had a good game tonight, cant shoot free throws, and truefully doesnt have an outside shot, and Nash is almost 39 yrs old with a bad back. World Peace or whoever he is is older and still a thug.  to me the whole Howard coverage and hype was crazy and stupid.  ok  im done lol
gary wheatley::plus they bashed Chandler.  My god, hes back for the first game in over and yr or so from hip surgery and people expect him to be "the guy"  I like Chandler. when a person is coming back from any kind of surgery its gonna take awhile.  trust me I know. Ive had 8 knee operations on my right knee alone. and its hard for me to walk anymore.  course im and old fart now but trust me, it takes time. he will get his shot back and legs back in time
cscobra::Have played this way whole preseason, so its not one game  Karl is just a horrible as he has always been
Kamikazi02::Yes! The refs was horrible but nuggets has to be ready from the get go.... This is not something new.
gary wheatley::and I know they played terrible and lost and no excuses BUT there was one stat that Bill Hanzlick brought up in the post game report.  Denver shot 11 free throws.  11.  hanzlick said they averaged 20 to 25 a game last yr.  denver had close to 10 more fouls tonight than the 76rs did
cscobra::The officials were not the problem, the Nuggets were the problem.  Can't shoot, can't defend (Really good defense, Sixers average 90 points a game, so didn't hold them to anything).  Should they have gotten a few more free throw attempts.  Would it have mattered ? no, they are a horrible shooting team.  Anything outside of 5 ft they will struggle to make. This team has no leaders, no shooters, and no coaching ( karl completely outcoached and classed again), showed he had no clue what was going out there in his post game presser.  Seriously there is not a more over rated team or coach in the league then these guys
bluegrassbannanas::Pathetic....could have been the most one-sided officiating I've ever seen!
Kamikazi02::Gallo usually have ten ft a game... We need the dude back ASAP!!!
Ty Lawson .::I like Wilson more than gallo sometimes
gary wheatley::they could have used Gallo tonight Ty.  he had an excellent pre season
Ty Lawson .::Holiday signed a contract extension
Blazelover13::Well-deserved, if you ask me.
RRM40::Got to say I was impressed by the transition D of Dorrell Wright. When he was the only one back on a fast break he had, what, 2 steals? Perfectly timed hand to knock the ball away.
gary wheatley::Kami, the whole team was a dissapointment tonight, not just ty
Kamikazi02::Agree! just pointing that out. Buy as a leader on the team you got to have your teammates ready to roll...
gary wheatley::thought I would stop in here once more before I called it a night.  came in here right after the nuggets game and boy were the people bashing the nuggets bad after only one game.  I told them " well I guess its a 1 game season huh, so the nuggets might as well pack their bags and wait for another 1 game season next yr"  granted the game wasnt pretty but for god sakes people its only ONE game.  and look where the high and mighty Lakers are after 2 games
orange_63::GOOD GAME, GOOD EFFORT LAKERS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Blazelover13::That never gets old.
Honey_Badger_Dont_Care::Lawson shoots too much for a PG.
cscobra::he passed up open shot after open shot, didn't shoot even.  Passed wide open shots to take contested shots.
Kamikazi02::Lawson was a disappointment tonight after that huge contract. :(
Kamikazi02::Lakers sucks more then the nuggets... Losing two straight game. Lol
Kamikazi02::I blame GK for this nuggets mess...
cscobra::how about play Randolph, Faried, and McGee more than he did.  Not play 4 guards on the court at one time Not play Chandler ever again at the 4 Play Miller as SG (airballed a 15ft jumpshoot, lol) Play Fournier ever (traveled everytime he touched the ball), TOs  the list goes on and on about the dumb headed thing GK does Collins completely and totally outcoached and outsmarted the dimwit
antman0789::What would you have him do differently?
Kamikazi02::Stop f around with his rotation... Coach a little from the bench.
Mumu8833::Iggy's intro was mostly cheers with some boos.  ESPN wrong yet again.
candleman7::You're absolutely right.  The starting lineups it was roughly 50/50, but then he got a standing ovation during a tribute, to which he showed his appreciation.
Mumu8833::I think the intro was prob 70/30 cheers to boos.  Maybe some "Dre" calls got lost in translation over the TV, but at the game it was mostly cheers
antman0789::First of all, just a terrific performance tonight by Spence.  Sometimes this guy likes to remind everyone why he was a 5 star prospect coming outta high school and into Washington.  Pretty ugly game from both teams.  What was discouraging from the Sixers' standpoint was the play of Holiday and Evan Turner.  Jrue took some ill-advised shots early in the shot clock and needs to take advantage of mis-matches (when a center switches on him off pick and roll) in a different way other than a jump shot.  He should be driving to the bucket for either a lay-up/foul or drive and kick to one of our shooters.  Evan Turner needs to find himself.  Never looks comfortable on the offensive end.  Turnovers and bad shots.  Also, some of the forementioned shooters were a bit off their game and missed open shots.  On the plus side, people were worried about the loss of Brand and Iggy and what that would do to our defense.  Kept the highest scoring team in the league last season to under 80 (albeit some poor shooting from their end as well).  The D was pesky (typical Collins D) though and if this team can continue that effort on defense, gonna be a good year in Philly (get well soon Bynum).
ckysteve5::14pts 11ast 6reb 2stl in the first game with no Bynum? I'm not complaining. I agree on ET thought, just doesn't look comfortable. Not sure what the problem is
novaboy63::Jrue is still growing, but I thought his eleven assists were very encouraging. He also made some huge shots. I think the decision making will improve as he gets used to having the ball in his hands this much. Bynum will also help him.
crabbymacintosh::Iggy looked like the old "trying way too hard to be a top guy" Iggy. Made me not miss him on the Sixers at all.   Sixers looked good. They havent had shooting like this in a longggggggg time. Combined with a healthy Bynum this could be a lot more than good though.
quinn204::andrew bynum = can't wait
RZA_CONSOLE::maalik wayns = great rookie gaurd
xBudRadx::Hawes put the team on his mullet
Imaknicksfanbutmelosucks::last year the nuggets were like +1 games over .500 with gallinari out and +10  or so with him in the lineup.  Am I the only smart one here to notice that he is obviously the Nuggets' best player whether he scores 4 or 40?  He just needs to be on the court more often.  His intangibles of spreading the floor, making plays for others, and just instilling confidence is what the makes the Nuggets good.
broncomania2004us::And the fact lawson wasnt as aggressive as he should have been..waited too long to kick it into gear..when hes aggressive it opens up the floor and helps the other plasters get more opportunities to score...not a lot of players can keep up with him when hes driving the lane..want to see that killer instinct from him this year
antman0789::Sure isn't Javale McGee.  Looks like Tarzan, plays like Jane.  Can't believe how brutal his game is.  Now I know why Kasta Koufus took his spot.
Alvord1980::Im suddenly impressed by The Beard and Rinsanity backcourt over in Houston Go Sixers
