Jerry West.::Well, at least we got 3 of the top 10 plays on nba.com.... Stephenson's spin and pass to West down low (9), Green's alley-oop (2), and George's block (1).
Waterville Panthers::Of any team in the NBA the Heat need to fear the Pacers more than anyone. I think in the ECF it will come down to the closing minutes in a game 7 between the two.
pistonfanstill::OK  Piston fans.  Go ahead and blame Dumars and the lack of talent.  Lawrence Frank is the best Walter Mitty talker in the NBA.  His hire ranks right there with Michael Curry's as a statement that the Pistons do not want to win a NBA championship.
bamberg1977::He knows basketball.   Pistons do lack leadership, but I think its a personnel problem more than coaching. Our best players are young and not natural leaders.
Waterville Panthers::To me the Heat and Pacers are the best teams and I am a Heat fan. The Pacers are easily the toughest team I don't think a team comes close they aren't afraid and will out punk you. Knicks are just a bunch of p.ussies, Spurs are to old to handle them, and OKC are not a tough team strength wise. Heat have the best talent.
Duane6674::r u kidding me battier is old allen cant score on us and is old haslem is ok bird man really only if i need a tat
pistonfanstill::The Heat represent the demise of the NBA East.  The Pacers represent what team basketball is supposed to be. Its really representative of Hoosier legend.  Who's the superstar?  West?  Granger?  Exactly, they are very good players on a good team not some All Stars thrown together.
Duane6674::dude i couldnt say it any better bball is a TEAM sport
Duane6674::the heat have the best two players but not all around team talent
Waterville Panthers::They have a good shooting PF/C, Rio has the talent to be a good scorer but is overshadowed by LeBron and Dwade, Battier is probably the best defender in the NBA, Allen is the best 3pt shooter, Haslem is a frickin animal, Cole shows potential, and the BIRD MAN!!!
Duane6674::just woke up i know i shouldnt watch s.c becuase i dont think they know the pacers exist but my goodness the pacers r so hot and fun to watch
Momma of Poppa Peter::4! 4 Lakers headlines. 0 for the Pacers
heitz13::Just the way Stern likes it, ignore the small markets.
Duane6674::could not agree more a great small market team is his worst nightmare
Rexanilatorz::You should have watched the Pacers 15 second highlight clip on sportscenter last night while the Lakers had like over 5 minutes on sportscenter
Momma of Poppa Peter::why isn't ESPN just a local news station in like 5 cities?
Dylan15Marlin::Pacers are the best team in the NBA no doubt.
hoops 112hoping::Pacers have WAY too much balance on this roster... Our best player didn't even play that well and we still blew 'em out by 30+! That's something that the Heat will probably never say
brianrdunn::Every single player for the entire Pacers ROSTER shot over 40% from the field!! Except for... guess who??? GERALD GREEN!!! I wouldn't even give this guy garbage time! His shots are wild, off balance and erratic, my sister could play better defense! How is it that his butt ever leaves the bench? Come on, MAN!
Taco with a Q::My guess is only to show the crowd a rare dunk attempt.   Thats ALL he should be doing is slashing to the basket
brianrdunn::Green was his typical 1-8 from the floor.
GodofAcid::It wasn't our night, Detroit, just wasn't our night.. but the next game will begin our dynasty!
adamHkc::why did greg monroe only play 22 minutes?
Taco with a Q::I think Orlando Johnson can be our secret weapon in the near future.  Dude is a very confedent shooter
colts8733::decent handle, can attack the rim, and can shoot the 3, I like him
Taco with a Q::I think he should of been the 1st round pick and Plumlee the second, then I would feel better about the Pacers drafting lol
dukebd31::Pistons will suck until they fire franks and Dumars!
pacerpride35::The Pistons are lining up for tomorrow night like Kevin Bacon at the Omega Theta Pi initiation.
colts8733::between D.J., Lance, O.J., and Mahinmi, our bench is not that bad
Drew6855::and Hansborough, Hans is like a pit-bull, I love his aggression.
iownamicrowave::bench is good.
pacerpride35::Hey kids, look who's the 2 seed in the East. That's pretty good for a team that started out the season so poorly and has played without its top scorer. And still there are idiots who come on these threads every night and say, "The Pacers suck." I hope they keep sucking all the way to the NBA title in June.
dash2k4::I'm a Heat fan and must admit the Pacers are the only team that scare me in the East. Still, I got to see IND beat my Heat in a 7-game series before I fully accept their legitimacy. Good luck!
colts8733::I seriously think the Pacers have a shot at the title this year
TheNEWYORKconfettiDroppers::so piston fans? Who is better Brandon Knight or Kyrie Irving? xP
ezmoneythetruth::piston fans? who is better George Hill or Kyrie Irving
Momma of Poppa Peter::George Hill, his team has how many more wins??
naptown cubs::just got home from funeral in SC. Granger still not back?
iownamicrowave::The Showtime Pacers!
Cryoniclime::Too bad we couldn't see Miles Plumlee get some minutes tonight
colts8733::nah, hopefully tomorrow, but some random guy tweeted that he is coming back on Tuesday, but it wasn't a sports reporter or anything just someone who said he saw a banner on a computer screen for Danny's comeback, hopefully tomorrow though
Copious_Fred::Detroit has a lot of talent and if Drummond improves his offense and Monroe can become more consistent, detroit will be a scary team.
Demon Belly::three words for ya detroit fans: Ola di po
Taco with a Q::Drummond is def a nice start, Det is lucky to get him
Copious_Fred::They talent is there. It may not be next year. But in the next 3 years they'll be playoff contenders. Gotta keep Knight, Monroe, Drummond together. Loads of potential.
Cryoniclime::they'll be decent. They're still a long way off from scary
45224_CollegeHill_Cincinnati::Bang Bang.. s*ck it detroit.
pacerpride35::Taco, being a Pacers fan automatically makes you classy.
Taco with a Q::Well, Ive heard from opposing fans that we are one of the classiest and I'd like to keep it that way
Taco with a Q::Be classy dude
Taco with a Q::As a Pacers fan I like to remain classy
45224_CollegeHill_Cincinnati::I will never be classy towards detroit anything...ever.. .
Michigan_Sports68::Can we just not play tomorrow... Please?
pacerpride35::A forfeit in the NBA? As Mills Lane would say, "I'll allow it."
Copious_Fred::In the beginning of the season The Pacers had 12 road games in its first 18 games.
Taco with a Q::Im well aware, Pacers were 2nd in the NBA with the most road games played behind Denver
Taco with a Q::Ill gladly just take a win without the Pacers having to travel to Det lol.   This is only the 2nd of 2 road games for the Pacers ALL MONTH
Taco with a Q::YEPPPP I was at this game tonight!   Got back from Los Angeles last night in the dreadful ice storm and now the Pacers have the 2 seed as of now
Rexanilatorz::This is only the 2nd time in Pacers history that they've won consecutive games by at least 30 points. The only other time was in April 1994. The last time any NBA team did that was the Bulls in March 2011. via ESPN Stats and Info
torrtis::Pacers are the rightful No. 2 seed.
lebronisachokingbum::Please destroy the Heat! THUNDER PACERS FINALS!
cwilson758::That's the matchup that should have happened in 1999 but the Pacers choked to the Nicks - it would have been 2 of the 5 smallest markets (at that time) playing for the Title. I'd love to see an all ABA Finals
frickinegg::Haha. People would haaaaate a Spurs/Pacers finals.
SMANGANG::lol.. spurs &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;. thunder
Cryoniclime::"We...got..our...*****...kicked tonight."- Lawrence Frank.     Didn't Mike Woodson say something similar to this after the Knicks game?
pacerpride35::Yes. Yes, he did.
Robdee999::No front page for the Pacers great shooting tonight ESPN ? I guess we need to fight the Pistons on Sat. to ensure we get some shine.
butlerbulldogs87::A blowout against Detroit is hardly front page material. A vastly superior team won by a lot. No need to point it out to everyone.
scphoto::ESPN barely knows the Pacers are in the NBA
Cryoniclime::Stephen A Smith is starting to admit their existence though
Robdee999::Awww C'mon Pacers....I said under 80. 82 points won't cut it. Make them run laps Frank......
Taco with a Q::No starter played in the 4th....hell Frank with 3rd stringers and took out guys like Tyler and Ian
EastCoastSurfing::I dont think any starters played in the 4th
Cryoniclime::not bad considering the benchwarmers were playing with 6 minutes to go
colts8733::BOOMBABY_3 - Anyone at the game tonight? How was the attendance? ============================= I think it was like 17,900 for like an 18,150 stadium, so pretty good
matt25485::we are officially the 2 seed!
Jerry West.::Wednesday's/Today's Pacers vs Yesterday's Spurs would've been awesome to watch.
jwright520::yeah I was thinking that during the game. Spurs looked great last night. I really think a Pacers vs Spurs finals would be awesome to watch just as a basketball fan
butlerbulldogs87::Haha yeah just watch if the Pacers look like they are about to beat the Heat you will prob see some strange whistles from the refs...
EastCoastSurfing::It would a nightmare to espn and stern.,  all games would be played on either nbatv or fsi.
BOOMBABY_3::Anyone at the game tonight? How was the attendance?
oBraveBadgero::With the whole mess on I-70... took some people a while to get to the game.
brebeuf215::I was there it was probably 4/5 full, and it probably wasn't until the 2nd quarter that everyone actually got to the game. At tip I would say 1/2 full
BOOMBABY_3::Awesome!
Jerry West.::The announcers mentioned it was almost a sellout.... overall successful night.
saintsmagic88::Can we just fast forward to the ECF with Heat vs Pacers...
jwright520::That might make it more interesting, but the Bulls will prolly be at the top of the bracket playing against the Heat in the 2nd round. doesn't matter though cuz Pacers would win
jwright520::win in a series vs bulls
Detroit Everything::wait, win what?
saintsmagic88::I dont think thats enough to make them a formidable opponent.
DETsports84::Better hope Mr. Rose doesnt come back healthy.
Detroit Everything::or Andrew Bynum. LOL JK
JollySwagman27::there's something wrong with the Bulls beyond his absence...
colts8733::George Hill and Tony Parker may be the most underrated point guards in the NBA imo
EastCoastSurfing::I love Hill, but he's not close to Parker.
colts8733::didn't say he was, just that he is one of the most underrated point guards, averages around 15 ppg and 5 apg along on 45% shooting with solid defense, yet most people think he is just an average role player
jwright520::yeah no one is saying he is. Parker IS the spurs. Hill is just one piece of the puzzle for the pacers
jwright520::G-Hill is very underrated. He's just extremely steady
Jerry West.::Not surprised they're both San Antonio oriented lol
JollySwagman27::they sure took different paths to get there... Broad Ripple versus France.
jwright520::Haven't seen Charlie V play much in the nba.. what's he supposed to be good at? like what does he bring to the table
JollySwagman27::getting punked by classless KG
Detroit Everything::3 pointers
jwright520::I'd be surprised if Pacers lose the 2 spot for even one day for the rest of the season. Pacers and Heat are head and shoulders above the rest of the East
NealIndy::Hells to the yeah!
pride4jc1222::I totally agree with you. I have always had a feeling that the Pacers were going to beat the Heat this year. I will stick with my preseason prediction of Spurs over Pacers in the NBA Finals.
JollySwagman27::If the Pacers were to win a title maybe it'd wake the rest of metro Indy up to how good they are...     The Fever just won a title... the Hoosiers are #1 heading into March... the Pacers are playing their best right now.  It's good to be an Indiana basketball fan.
jwright520::My current prediction is Heat vs Spurs, but Pacers have a legit shot at taking the Heat. My feeling is, if the Pacers do manage to beat them, they'd have the toughest part out of the way, and I think they'd win it all.
Rexanilatorz::Yeah I think we won't catch the Heat for the 1 seed though :(
jwright520::yeah very little hope there. Both of us are starting to roll but they're too far ahead
Rexanilatorz::Rockets beat the Nets!!!
pacerpride35::Got tickets for the April 12 game.
pride4jc1222::The front office of the Rockets have really done an outstanding job during the last 8 months. They have built a roster oozing with a lot of young talent, and will be the team no one in the West wants to play in the playoffs.
JollySwagman27::I can't wait for April 12th when we get another crack at the Nets
greenbean47::detroit is terrible
Detroit Everything::go feltch someone
DETROIT BABY26::oh really, what team u like?
Detroit Everything::I know we have injuries, but I'm still upset. I had higher expectations than this for the season. Our coach is a gayboy, and it doesn't make sense to me that we would just let our contracts expire. Imo, they are more valuable to a team that is losing money on a superstar that isn't helping their team get to where they need to go (aka lots of players).  F*ck, who's gonna sign with us? My dad?
JollySwagman27::what century do you think this is?  "gayboy" as an insult?  really?
Detroit Everything::what do u mean, Chang used that in the hangover LOL
Detroit Everything::Maggette 11 mill Maxiell 5 mill Bynum 3 mill  18 million? you can get a solid solid solid player for that.
Hi There_::i will be happy as long as we dont overpay anyone. that is how low my expectations are.
DETsports84::It's not about the draft anymore.  We have our young talent.  We need a vet/star SF
Hi There_::who knows what Dumars is going to do. H e has to not mess up the draft first.
DETsports84::@jwright520 - UCONN
jwright520::oh okay
Hi There_::just had a scary thought. bynum and max weren't traded because Joe wants them to come back... shudders
DETsports84::Charlie V and Stuckey's expiring deals next year will be huge for us.  Thats 16 mil that could be used in a trade deal.
Hi There_::He played for Uconn, he would later go on to play Joe Dumars for a big contract. Joe got conned.
jwright520::did Charlie play for villanova? I feel like he did but then again maybe his last name is making me thing wrong
RocHawks::I blame you Mr. Frank... won't be long until he's gone
DETROIT BABY26::THANK YOU, the guy doesnt prepare his team right.
__SPURS21::First round Pacers will face the Raptors book it.
Jerry West.::I wouldn't like that at all.
jwright520::they beat us twice. big deal. and idk if raptors will make it all the way to 7th seed. more likely 8th. 7 is possible though. it doesn't matter anyway cuz they aint beating us in the playoffs
__SPURS21::Raptors do have Pacers numbers still
jwright520::c'mon dude we aint losing in the first 2 rounds. I don't think u realize how good we are
Jerry West.::We just haven't played well against them at all for some reason.
__SPURS21::Why?
RocHawks::In the NBA... NO ONE should lose by 30+ points period
oBraveBadgero::Should have one for if you are down by 25 or more at some certain point. I mean just look at the Pacers - Knicks game. 74-44 at halftime? That's a joke.
JollySwagman27::mercy rule?
Rexanilatorz::Time for Rockets-Nets LETS GO ROCKETS!
__SPURS21::Bring Jose back to Raps
Rexanilatorz::5 and a half games behind the Heat
Ignatz916::Knicks lost to Raptors.  Pacers s/b 2 seed.
JollySwagman27::yeah good game Carmelo.... 32 points sounds nice until you see that it took 24 shots and 11 FTAs to get it.
Detroit Everything::is it impossible for Dan Gilbert to sell the $@%!$@% cavs and take the Pistons off Gores hands who clearly isn't a Yes man
Hi There_::getting drunk on the weekend and complaining about your fav team's owner is a national pastime...
RocHawks::how's that Crown and Vernors?
Detroit Everything::awesome
Detroit Everything::Gilbert clearly has a lot more invested in Detroit than Gores, and has all his businesses here. Idk, I'm drunk, don't get mad at me./
jwright520::Alone in 2nd. Now let's keep it
