papacrooks::if i were the magic, i would pick up a veteran shooter who is supposed to be washed up.  Reddick is definitely not the answer and Jameer, although he has been injured, can not play without quality around him.5 pg, sg, or sf that played last nights line 13-45 shooting.  That is 29%.  You can not win when the people shooting are not hitting.  Vucevic shot 4 times, davis had team high 11.  Pathetic.
PHXAZwildcat::I have been betting with a system named SportsBettingStar for  only two months and have profitted about 3K each month, I have so far doubled my bank roll just following this system. I don't get how this system is so accurate but it is. You can find this system on the front page of Google by searching the words Online Betting System.
I3UTTON::Orlando Miracle &gt; Orlando Magic
georgetown36::d
Orlando Thunder::It all comes down to management. Who wants to play in Memphis? Yet they are in first place, and have been competitive for a while. If the magic would have sucked after drafting dwight and picked up cp3 in the following draft, I bet dwight would still be in Orlando.
trizzo23::your an idiot
SportsFan8916::for sure man..i thought Van Gundy was a pretty bad coach..a Andy Reid of the NBA sort of speak..coach with great regular season numbers and a decent playoff resume but No Championship Title..that's what they play for right? Orlando didn't do a good job appealing to other players..no one cares to go to Orlando. Just like u said, Orlando is a farm market..make players and ship them out. They need to go to another city
Magic are better than you::$@% you
ChiGuy1002::Glen Davis, the leading scorer for the Magic with....11
trizzo23::nelson was sick and tried to play ...
NHLFANZ96::81-72 Did they use a shot clock?
SportsFan8916::Do u live in Orlando? I don't have league pass do i don't see them play unles it's nationally televised..question is how is the Coach..does their record reflect his strategy or is it the players?
SportsFan8916::horrible right? The hell is up with Nelson? Glen Davis wasn't supposed to be the all star of a team..just an extra piece.
Orlando Thunder::If you think this magic team sucks, wait till next year when affalo, davis, nelson and redick are gone. But 2013 and the anticipated 2014 draft are what they are waiting for. Coupled with money to be abe to sign two max players in 2015.
NHLFANZ96::Damn Nick Anderson!!!!! We shoulda had a ring with Shaq and Penny.
NHLFANZ96::What does it matter. They will get a great player or players and have nobody coaching them. Three years later they will give him to LA. Orlando is a farm team!
SportsFan8916::yeah we have to wait another 10 years for something to special with this Magic team..i'm over it man..and then when that next "star" player comes..he'l give us some excitement then want out like Shaq and Dwight
terrbro::Drew needs to play his starters more minutes!  Especially Teague!
SportsFan8916::bro the only reason i said 10-11 teams in the conference is because the rest of the teams who don't make the playoffs suck lol..completely forgot about them..sometimes u forget teams like the Wizards and Raptors exist
NHLFANZ96::I  didnt see game what was up with Josh Smith? 18 fantasy points, easily his worst game of the season.
bigjoe93ATLANTA::haha, you mentioned Jamal Crawford. Man he was fun to watch 3 years ago! He had so many daggers when he was here!
SportsFan8916::Man i Hated Crawford when he was on the Hawks..that was the Magic's only Foe..u gotta admit that man..those games where he had like 3   4 point plays! He is such a perfect fit on the Clippers man..and i agree with u 100% about the Hawks come playoff time..obviously they'll make it because the talent in the East stops at the 6th seed..Hawks will get in and i don't doubt they'l give a team a headache but that's it..and Coach Drew is a nice coach. But for Terr to say they'l have a better record than the Pacers, Sixers and Nets is beyond me..Nets aren't a great team but come on man..Hawks are like the Bucs now..a team that is fun to play sometime but won't get anywhere until more players come
DannyMarino131::Trade AA,Jameer,Redick,And Glenn davis for Jose cald and some expiring contracts and a draft pick!
DannyMarino131::Yeah im not too worried about trading turk because we can buy him out....i think AA would be an attractive trade asset to alot of teams and of course redick. Glen davis stock is at an all time high right now so it would be best to get him out asap. Jameer is well...just Jameer. Dont know if we can get rid of him.
Orlando Thunder::I think eventually this is what will have to happen.
bigjoe93ATLANTA::People tend to forget that JJ averaged 22 and 5 as a Hawk prior to signing that deal
trizzo23::turk had 18,5 and 5 and people cry at his 10 mil..22 and 5 ..he should have got 10-12 not 20 plus
terrbro::22, 5 and 5!  Then he started the rock pounding and settling for those long 2's.  Abandoned the best parts of his game.
bigjoe93ATLANTA::@SportsFan, It's cool man. I don't get as fired up on the boards about the Hawks like I used to. I know they aren't contenders, but I refuse to jump on the "Wake me up when pitchers and catchers report bandwagon."   I think there will still be some blind excitement around this team come playoff time, even though they may only win a game or two...
bigjoe93ATLANTA::Before, it was "Joe Johnson is overrated and overpaid, the Hawks are screwed." Now its "You guys don't have any superstars." Both are true, but I find NBA fans the most puzzling for sure, lol...
SportsFan8916::i watch the Magic the least lol..i don't spend my days watching Hawks or Orlando..but they were on NBATV last night so i peaked at it..was worth just that..a Peak..i'm interested in the Clippers..they got talent up the $@% and my man Crawford
terrbro::They obviously don't watch the games!  I watch NBA games on a daily basis...not just the Hawks.  These casual "sports fans" have no idea what teams outside of their own are really about.
SportsFan8916::Joe Johnson was always overpaid and he defintitely didn't perform what he was being paid..but i just think that's cuz he got tired of playing for a team that took him nowhere..eventually it wears u out as a player when your team starts and finishes the same way..get me? He's not having 40 point games every game with Nets but trust me i'm sure he's more motivated being that the attendance their is better and he has another all star player in Deron
bigjoe93ATLANTA::Horford was HURT in the Celtics series, and we blew a late lead in Game 6. You act like they dominated us, lol.
SportsFan8916::just because KG had good numbers doesn't mean he was healthy..he was the only guy saving the Celtics while Hawks had other options in Smith..Johnson..Ivan the terrible and several others..talent wise the Hawks outweighed the C's but Pride was the C's outweighed the Hawks..that's why the Hawks lost
SportsFan8916::not trying to claw u Joe..I'm from Orlando that's why i commented on this game..i had confidence in this team and once again they disappoint..i know i comment from time to time on Falcons games and  living in the Philly region u know Phillies and Braves play often in the season..so i've been stuck watching ATL teams play my division for years
SportsFan8916::but u lost.. don't wanna hear excuses Joe. Al Horford verses an injured Paul Pierce who was playing with bad ankles along with Body period...Garnett who had and Has his share of injuries and Ray Allen whose numbers were Pretty bad compared to the previous seasons..he couldn't make a 3 to save his life..and Hawks couldn't take advantage of that..u know who kept your team alive? Joe the overpaid Johnson..and he's gone. That's why Hawks won't match up in the playoffs unless they play a Bucs team
bigjoe93ATLANTA::What? KG had his best series since 2008 in April. And Horford had been out since January, and wasn't really supposed to play. I was upset, but we all knew that ATL wasnt going to win a ring last year.
bigjoe93ATLANTA::13-69, 26-55, 37-45. Those Hawks teams (2005, 2006, 2008) were bad. This one isn't. We will win some and lose some, but I see us being .500 come April. And fortunately for us, that warrants a playoff spot in the Eas(y)tern conference!
75washington75::so gross had hawks -10 up 24 win by 9.just garbage.sorry had to whine alittle. but thats grosssssss
75washington75::thanks bro.i know 2nd team was in and all but # points in like 6 min? WOWW
WatergateSean::wow, i didn't figure without the most overpaid player in nba history you guys would look like this.
IAMpunter0926::i feel you bro hawks are weak
bigjoe93ATLANTA::@SportsFan, No one in ATL (including the Hawks, or their coach) cares about the magic. This game wasn't even televised here. They did not have enough talent to come back and beat us like they used to. And I LOVE MY HAWKS!
terrbro::First of 8 out of 15 make the playoffs!  Second the Hawks routinely made it to the 2nd round so how can they be door mats?  So obviously your facts aren't really facts.  The Hawks will have a better record than the Pacers, Sixer,  Nets, and probably the Celts.
SportsFan8916::Terr being that 8 teams make the playoffs out of what 10 ...11 in each conference i'd be Surprised if they DIDNT make the playoffs..that doesn't mean they're Good..it just means they're better than 3 other teams in their conference..feel me? Hell if Magic wins 30 games they could make the playoffs too.. u have the Heat..Bulls..Pacers..Sixers..Celtics..Knicks..Nets..and who else? Cavs ..Bobcats or Hawks are the last teams to make that spot..along with Bucs. Bucs will take Magics place this year
terrbro::That's not being real!  You don't know the Hawks dude, the medias perception of the Hawks never matches up with reality and you have been infected with their perception.
SportsFan8916::lol..? What? So i'm brainwashed is what you're saying? Do my Eyes decieve me? Are Facts not Facts? Because Fact of the Matter is the Hawks have maintained a decent Regular season record for the past what 6 years and have been a doormat for every team in the playoffs. The only reason it took Celtics 6 games last season to beat them is because wel they're the Celtics and have 3 80 year old players on the team..the Sixers gave them a better game than the Hawks my man
SportsFan8916::there's a reason why Josh Smith comes out and scores 30 points one day..cries the next and scores 10 ..he doesn't care about that team and wants to be traded. He's a hard headed player but I don't blame him. Not trying to Dog out your team just being real bro..
bigjoe93ATLANTA::He does care, but in his own way. He has always been a streaky performer, with last season being a misnomer. I think he stays this season, and possibly leaves during F.A.
SportsFan8916::i know u like your teams Joe. But the Hawks haven't done anything for u to Love them lol..Hawks aren't a good team bro..nice to have confidence and support your city..i've been defending Magic for years regardless of Dwight being on the team, saying they have talent but no strategy..if this team had good coaching they'd get past the Hawks.  And FYI no one in ATL cares about the Hawks either unles they make the playoffs
bigjoe93ATLANTA::Exactly! I didn't start following the Hawks like I do now until they drafted Horford in 2007. And they were HORRIBLE in 2007. This team is slightly better talent wise, and marginally better coaching wise. And you better believe there will be 20K fans in Game 3 of the First round as usual!
terrbro::Well the Hawks will make the playoffs for the 6th straight time and have been better than the Magic for the last 2 years!
SportsFan8916::I just don't understand why these two cities have basketball teams..no one attends Hawks games and folks in Orlando like wearing the Magic jersey, that's it. Waste of folks money..i know the players are getting paid but damn. Send them to other teams and dismantle these franchises..they won't get nowhere as usual
bigjoe93ATLANTA::I think we'll be good enough to do what he have been doing for 5 years now. Make the playoffs, and perannially make the 2nd round. Which is fine because we are technically rebuilding.
bigjoe93ATLANTA::5-4? Not bad, considering the teams we have played early!
Jeff7429::THANK GOD....-6.5 TEASED  $$$$
PA_Gator::love that 10.5 spread..MAGIC all the way
Jeff7429::c'mon !!
Jeff7429::unbelievable....learn a lesson here Drew.
Jeff7429::can't believe Hawks won't even cover a -6.5 tease after the big lead
Jeff7429::this scrub combo a bad one for Hawks  on the court...stop it.
Sam58548::I thought the Magic were so bad for passing on the Nets deal...that they would only win 30 games this year...my bad....they are even worse. They should run their GM out of town. They may not win 20 games this year.
SportsFan8916::i thought they'd be OK this year also..tired of trying to defend this Magic team..if it's not the players it's the coach and management..they don't have bad pieces..not all star like but to have the record they do speaks for itself
z_man0789::Magic and their sub-15 point quarters. Going to see that a lot this year.
bigjoe93ATLANTA::I'm glad to see that we are killing the Magic as usual, but I'm upset that this game isn't televised in ATL!
SportsFan8916::Hawks ain't killin the Magic Joe..no offense my man but you're team sucks also..Magic just suck a little more. To be scored at 55 to 72 and let this team come back speaks for the Hawks.
Jeff7429::this shi. t line up blowing my hawks cover !
Jeff7429::dammit
J-SMOOVE7767::the hawks are going to humiliate the magic everytime we play them this year.  payback is a b.itch aint it magic fans?
Jeff7429::put the starters back in idiots...
ktan88::Wow this board is dead...
SportsFan8916::two horrible teams bro what u expect..i can't believe they even made it to NBATV..no Clippers and Spurs? damn
SportsFan8916::Man being in Orlando native, I remember going to games when Penny was playing..when McGrady was playing and even then with great players the Orlando Magic was always and still is a team that seems like "This will be the season" for them and it Never happened..players continue to get hot there then want out..the ownership is Lousy and i can't Believe they invested al that money in Amway. Believe me when i say No one in Orlando gives a $@%! about this team..they go to Amway to go to the clubs and take pictures. They need to get rid of this team so people in Orlando don't have to pay taxes for that pathetic franchise
CBALL@SPEARMINTRHINO.COM::Who would win a spelling contest? World peace or glen davis ?
quicksilverguy01::the over betting just got knocked da fk out in that 3rd
FlyGuys623::sheesh. nobody is here
MagicBoltzRays::the Magic need to spend 90% of their practices on just making open shots.
MagicBoltzRays::it must suck to have big baby land on you like that.
Fraka9::not a single action for Nik all game long.. he has decent post moves... this team is so bad
Sam58548::So here's what the Magic passed on...Lopez, Brooks, and 4 first round picks and salary relief. Portland and Charolette offered Lopez a max deal and the Nets matched...so if the Magic would have taken the deal...Orlando could have traded Lopez to Portland or the Bob cats for another huge package....like more first round picks and youth.(although Lopez is only 24). Magic fans just dont get it...your GM was not gonna deal with the Nets out of principle even though it would hurt your franchise.
asdbluecfl::We dont care anymore, we talked about everything all last season. Whats done is done, so $@%! Brooklyn, $@%! Dwight and atleast now we only have to see him twice a year and he's 2000 miles away.
Sam58548::I think Magic fans still care but....okay.
Mr Ntense::Whats going on with Josh Smith!?!?! Hurting me in fantasy!
Sean Abbott::Accepted cash to shave points tonight
Sean Abbott::LOL, i thought the magic were going to play a high tempo game in the post Howard era...LOL, they are now even slower than when Howard was playing...What a fail of a coach Vaughen is.......  Maic wont win more than 20 games this season. Just watch....They have decent pieces, just a horrible coach who doesnt have a clue........Why play slower when Howard is not in your team? lol
asdbluecfl::Obviously this is the only game you've seen, because this is the slowest i've seen them.
Starling Marte is a boss::why has Turk been so bad lately when he was almost unstoppable in 08?
asdbluecfl::Pure laziness.
Fraka9::dont forget... bass&gt;davis
trizzo23::not!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Fraka9::as a celtic i prefer bass...
Starling Marte is a boss::is this the regular starting lineup for Orlando? and is Jameer Nelson good anymore?
asdbluecfl::Usual lineup is Jameer, Turk, Davis, Affalo, Vucevic.
asdbluecfl::He's usually good. 20 points 10 assists average. Hasn't been too great this season though, he's been injured.
asdbluecfl::Last year after Dwight and the playoffs. But yeah...more like 15 and 8
Fraka9::nelson 20-10 average, are you insane?
MagicBoltzRays::not exactly, but it is while Turkoglu is out. Harkless still needs some more time before he can become a starter, but he has a lot of potential.
Sam58548::So the magic could have had a 24 year old big man not yet in his prime who is averaging almost 20 pts/gm(Lopez)...Marshon Brooks...and 4 first round picks...and the Magic passed? Are you kidding? Magic passed on the Nets deal out of pure spite and that was a mistake.
trizzo23::magic got 5 first harkless 15th this yr...vucevic 16th last year ...both better than brooks 25th pick...and afflalo 20 pt a game scorer for 7 mil a year...and now magic should get a top 5 pick with magic pick ..not 20th and stuck in middle for yrs slick
Sam58548::You were gonna get a top 10 pick making the Nets trade. Did you not know that?
trizzo23::lopez and brooks garbage!!!!!!!!!!!!!! go away nets fan
asdbluecfl::Our GM and coaches are all former Spurs...so how would we suck? you just shot yourself in the foot.
Sam58548::Spurs fan, slick...and we know how to build a team...obviously the Magic dont. What a horrible trade you guys did. Good luck winning 30 games/yr for the next 5 years.
MagicBoltzRays::got to take the open shot ish.
MagicBoltzRays::Philly got screwed the most in the Howard deal. they gave up Iggy, Harkless, and Vucevic for an injured Bynum, and J-rich
Starling Marte is a boss::Vucevic was stuck behind Hawes there though, so mostly just Iggy and Harkless, which is a steep price to pay
