a yahoo user::The overrated big market team, New York Knickerbocker$$$$ (since 1973, the year of their last NBA title) lost again. The Knick$$$ only have 2 NBA title s in their 50= years history. They lost to a much better team than them, your mighty Washington Wizards (Bullets). This was inevitable. The cream almost always rises to the top. The Wizards (Bullets) has a more recent NBA title (1978) than the annually overhyped franchise, NY Knick$$$. Hell, the smaller market, San Antonio Spurs has 4 NBA titles, since '99 and as recent as 2007 and nearly won it all again last season. Spurs have only been around since the '70s as an ABA expansion team. The Knick$$$$ are a joke of a franchise.
Gloria::First of all, with three timeouts, Woodson should've played offense and defense separately i.e. have quicker and better defenders to guard Washington's guards. Then if you get the ball back, you substitute the offensive players like Udrich for better ball flow. I have to agree that Melo doesn't have have high Basketball IQ. How sad...
tim n::Inept coaching, horrible , horrible way to finish for the Knicks. Had 3 timeouts but took the lazy way out and took a harder shot because they didnt feel like taking a timeout. a microcosm of their season
Witness::I wonder if the idiots voting for Melo to be a all-star starter even watch these knicks games, there's no way you can watch Melo play like sht, or specially do that numbnut play at the end of this game and think he deseves to be an allstar. Yes, it's woodson's fault too but dumb Melo knows very well he is far from being quick and can't run full court in less than 5 seconds.
TRIPLE POST ERIC FREEMAN::Udrih is such a bad defender it's not even funny he was a bad signing he's too slow and doesn't fit well with the team.
Haven::LOL this is why i say Melo is the stupidest player in the league, he is so dumb,m your supposed to hold it for the last shot you IDIOT. I swear, hes the stupidest player
L.E.S. the lower::You Liniacts,don't get tired,do you? Let me get to this where one guy posts that JLin would have taken us to the Conference Finals. That JLin is the man that carried the team through the playoffs,while he was here. Talk about DELUSIONAL! JLin plays for the Rockets,that's when he's not hurt,like every other week. Then you blame the coach being racist for not playing him,that Harden hogs up the ball,wait that was your excuse here in NY too.JLin is and always seems to be injury prone,whether you want to accept that or not.It also seems that all you LINIACTS,forget what Deron Williams did to JLin the second time around,can you say EXPOSED!. Probably not,your minds are so clouded by Linsanity that you can barely breathe....
Jay::I don't know why he went for a 3 when he was double teamed and we are down ONLY 1 pt!!!!  He always tries to be the hero, but ending up being the goat! It's like he cannot stand other players taking the spot light away from him, and he just had to be the one who makes the winning shot!!! Damn MELO!!!
Von Doom::You knew they were going to isolate either Beal or Wall on whoever Beno was guarding. Beno shouldn't have not been there!!! Hardaway, Melo, Shump, Bargs, and Smith should have been out there!!! Won't even touch the TO issue. Woodson = pure bonehead
Rich D::J R 6th man of the year should be 11th man off the bench tonight , missed 3 open shots tonight already!!
