Luke::The Celtics win every stat except for TOs. We didn't play Pressey with the second line and that might have been the difference. Of course Brad Stevens found playing time for Olynyk, Wallace and Crawford was in a little too long. Great job Brad! True genius! I remember my coach telling me that when we win or lose by less than 5 points, it was his fault. We have 8 of those so far Brad. But you just keep listening to the yes men and Tommy Heinsohn. Keep sending him the Jim Beam.
BigBear::Even though he will eventually go in the yard sale for another #1 DC, I'm glad to see Chris H. getting the opportunities to record doudle-doubles and + gamesAfter 2 years w/the fool who coached the Nets and now performing for Danny's tankers, Chris is returning to the player who earned a $12M per/yr contract' When he's on the Floor w/Sully, Olynck,  Wallace the team looks like it could win a few games. And the Celtic announcers don't seem to mention that Wallace is playing good team basketball.
bob Z::Celts rebuilding is further than Orlando. Give Ainge credit he has made good picks in the lottery.
David::Once again, in the +/- the starters are all + and the bench is all -.  Oh to have Jarrett Jack again. BTW, what the hell is up w/ Harrison Barnes?  He's starting to resemble Dorrell Wright from a couple of years ago, when his confidence suddenly disappeared.
Iron Bro::Steph the Chef does it again with the Warriors! He's always cook'in up something. GO DUBS!!
Logic::Hard to win when you shoot 41% but somehow GS pulled it off. Not surprising this game was tougher than expected since they played Wed night in Brooklyn back to back after Milwaukee and had to travel yesterday so no days off and on the road. That after 3 back to backs in Mia-Atl-DC. The last road trip was grueling and GS did very well to go 6-1. 4 days off comes at a great time.
sdchokers::I live in New England and it's great to see the celtics in a downward spiral. Hopefully the Patriots get the same treatment tonight.
Julio::If the C's guards shoot their average percentage then they win. Good game for a young team.
Julio::I'm sure Curry is glad he doesn't play the human fly paper Avery Bradley every night.
Fred::I am offended by my people being portrayed by a leprechaun.
