Caden1414::hi
doctor_ JJ::Man, this dude nba is the worst has a serious inferiority complex!! I've seen some pretty bad cases but this dude takes the cake!! I think this guy wakes up with cold sweats thinking about the heat at night!!
NyKnicksFan03::Miami is the worst sports town.  Bunch of Band Wagon Fans.  Most Heat fans can't even name the Starting five.  Bums
SIRNUPEY34::Must dis Miami to big yourself up. Ny has 12 million people in the area with teams as old as any league.
thebattousai99::ny fans are bums.. they expect a championship every year in every sport but all their sport teams are horrible.  The 8-8 Giants are the only ny chumps to make the playoffs.  Freaking jets are horrible.  Islander and rangers are trash.  Mets are trash.. Yankees overrated.  NJ aka brooklyn nets are bad but at least they are better than the knicks.
mazariamonti_second_profile::They are bums because they don't pay enough attention to the sports teams? do you even know what "Bum" means?
Doug - Masters::I agree with you, there are probably a couple hundred die hard NBA fans in Miami.... the rest of the band wagon riders are giving them a bad name.
NyKnicksFan03::The Heat are fortunate to be 5-0  Thanks to Wade saving their Bacon making two game winning shots against inferior teams.  Don't get to crazy about the Heat just yet. It's only 5 games.  One thing we know, Lechoke James is not the Go To guy at the end of the game.
kriedel10::Miami is 5-0 so this clown has to say "well, LeBron is not the go to guy at the end of games"....who cares, what the heck are you talking about..you just sound jealous.
thebattousai99::dont sweat this nyknicksfan chump.. he is just mad cuz the knicks still suck.. YES, STILL SUCK.  They havent been good for a while and still arent any good.  You picked up chump chandler and broken barron and all of a sudden they are good? haha yeah.  Amare sux and needs to STOP shooting 3's.  Melo is the only player worth a damn on the knicks.
BlisteringSurf-n-Turf::Let me clear the air for all the fans out there. The Heat is not fortunate to have won the game on any one individual back. One game, LeBron sits and rests which allowed Charlotte back in. As soon as he get's back in he ran the boards and had some assists to put Miami back on top. If you recall, Wade was not doing all to well in that game. He was lowsy and was hurting his team on the court.   The following game Bosh was the man. He game Miami what they needed to put the fire and desire back into the game.
BlisteringSurf-n-Turf::I am not taking away from Wade, but give credit when due. Bosh and LeBron deserve the credit for the game and not some shot that goes in the basket with plenty of time for the opposing team to score. It was no buzzer beater.
Clenbutador::Norris Cole 8 shots ==&gt; 16 points Kobe Bryant 28 shots ==&gt; 16 points
xrobologyx::Drew Carey (native Clevelander) said it best ....  "Welcome to the show where everything is made up and the points don't matter."  Who knew he was talking about LeBron!
bigrupe32::Cheers to you doug. Well said and couldn't agree with you more. You could not be more right about those cities.. they are not a weak sports town such as LA Miami or any west coast town
Dr.Killapatient...::I think he was just saying Cleveland sucks bro....sorry.
Doug - Masters::Yeah dogging a city that's original. The problem with dogging a town is that there are like 5 towns in this country that are "HUGE" and have a large nightlife and of course attract mass amounts of people ( and yes, it's mostly the nightlife, don't kid yourself ), and there are only so many beach communities. The towns are also pretty irrelevant to the sport, you born in detroit, you're a lions fan, aint got much control over that.  You could effectively doug like every other town in the USA for a quick joke.... Lets just pile on cleveland, detroit, phillie, lets just pile on them all. I'll tell ya what, the people of those towns have more respect from me, and are way tougher as far as life goes. Aint no band wagon hoppers in those towns. Those people live and die by their family and their heritage. So go ahead, pile on, you and the rest of the trolls can keep dogging the town and not talkin about the game. The rest of us sports fans, will talk about the teams... and the game.
xrobologyx::You just let a joke go 'over your head'?  LoL.  Thanks for that
smenkhare::Maybe if you guys stop feeding this troll 'nba is the worst" it will go away but then again i doubt it...
thebattousai99::nope..  nba is the worst has been trolling the Heat board for a long long long time now.
outlaw12110224::HEAT HEAT HEAT HEAT!!!
420Hurricanes::MIami looks a million times better this year then last...Hopefully, they will win it all this year..Go Miami!!!
NyKnicksFan03::Miami isn't winning no Title.. they have no big man in the middle and it will haunt them in the Playoffs.
Doug - Masters::Where as I agree with your assessment of their needs... without any major shift in the nba ( Dwight Howard going somewhere ) The HEAT are very poised to win the title. The only team I see giving them any real problems in the east is Chicago, and I all the good teams in the west are a little..... sporadic.
peezyfreshbaby57::He's just one of the millions of idiots who doesnt watch games and googles stats!
thebattousai99::On what channel is the Heat game on tonight "nba is the worst"??
thebattousai99::You baby are a loser.. you dont watch sh.it.  You dont know sh.it.
stone419::they shoot alot of free throws because they get fouled alot. its usually what happens when you get fouled
nba is the worst::Lol, freshbaby - I promise, I watch the games. Sorry the truth hurts...
420Hurricanes::Dont listen to him..He is a bitter Laker fan
thebattousai99::but.. lets compare FTA in the 2011 playoffs in order to properly rate the Heat.  ROFLMAO.. nba is the worst is a fu.cking moron. LOL
kevin77732::read my rookie report  dailysports77.wordpress.com
Dr.Killapatient...::no
peezyfreshbaby57::The Nba should just hand the Heat the tittle already! Save all the other teams in the league the embarassment! HEAT 2011-12 Champs LBJ for MVP Norris Cole for ROY!
XxG4M3F4C3xX::NBA is the worst...why are you even here...while continuing to follow forms LMAO..your a joke to your own name
thebattousai99::cant be any dumber and more pathetic than you son!
thebattousai99::cry me a river.. your excuses are stupid cuz the stats were updated hours ago.. not 32 min ago as you pathetically claim.
nba is the worst::What a crock - as if I would post the copied/pasted link in that situation...  How dumb can you be, seriously? Get a clue  (No need to respond - you've answered emphatically already)
thebattousai99::Oh? so you copy and pasted a LINK  that was days old?  Considering they update the states at midnight every night heading into the next day.. you cant even argue a point correctly you tool.. research before you open your stupid mouth daughter.  Stop trying to blame ESPN for you stupidity.. its pathetic beyond believe and you really are embarrassing yourself now.. DAUGHTER.
nba is the worst::Sure - hold onto that for dear life, son - seriously, it's not unreasonable to expect ESPN to be accurate
thebattousai99::Exactly nba is the worst.. YOU FAIL as usual.. just like when you mentioned that Gerald Wallace is leading the NBA in FG %.. damn, you werent even close.. he isnt even top 5 you pathetic loser.  FAIL once again by nba is the worst.. I guess losing breeds losing, son!
nba is the worst::FAIL (as always)
thebattousai99::oh? thats what 4 hours ago I was looking at those states you dumb a.ss.  wow.. can you at least try to speak the truth you moron.
nba is the worst::Days old?  Lol - when I am the brain posted his post, I went to the stats, clicked on "Complete leaders", and then on "FG%".  That was 32 minutes ago...
peezyfreshbaby57::I think you dont watch the games at all! I think all you do is google stats, and hate on the Heat time and time again! Get a life man!
thebattousai99::nba is the worst.. you should read you own post and realize " IT DOESN'T MATTER WHAT YOU THINK" either.... please come back with valid points not the stupid one sided false and made up garbage you throw out there.  MORON.
thebattousai99::He uses ESPN to try and prove points and cant even do that correctly.. what a complete fu.cking moron.
nba is the worst::It doesn't matter what you "think"
thebattousai99::No he doesnt.. he is just jealous and envious so he only knows how to spew incorrect and false stats coupled with his hate.
thebattousai99::Read the comments.. its as easy as scrolling down.. is reading hard for you? if it is just admit it.  No biggie.  I do what I can to help the underprivelaged and less fortunate such as yourself.
thebattousai99::Stop blaming ESPN.. stop blaming the Refs.. stop making excuses for your pathetic life.. its not lifes fault your a loser.. its YOUR FAULT.. only you can blame you for being a complete moron.  Stop making dumb excuses.  You already look stupid, stop making it worse..  FAIL.. again by nba is the worst.
nba is the worst::Hey - I can't help it if ESPN was slow in adding last night's games to the stats page - and why don't you prove your assertions and post the those alleged comments?
thebattousai99::daughter.. your the one making stuff up.. Gerald Wallace leading the nba in FG %?    AND yes.. admitted bulls, bucks, charlotte fans to name a few all commenting on how stup.id you really are.. just read below, cuz it seems you dont do a good job of reading older post in which your getting your as.s ripped lol
nba is the worst::Just make isht up, son - these's no one here that's an "admitted heat hater" - just you and the "baby"
thebattousai99::Lol, daughter - that just shows how stupid you are.  next time do a better job of trying to prove a point.. your attempts so far this morning have been embarrassing and pathetic.  Even admitted Heat haters are calling you out as a complete tool.
nba is the worst::Lol, son - the link was as of the time I copied/pasted - so ESPN's update lag in stats is my fault...
thebattousai99::Your own link son.. Gerald Wallace shooting 67.7 % in FG %? REALLY.. here is your link: http://espn.go.com/nba/statistics/player/_/stat/scoring-per-game/sort/fieldGoalPct  Go take another look and learn how to read you blind idiot.    So yes daughter, your stats are "incorrect and false".  Fu.cking idiot.
nba is the worst::Blah blah - what "incorrect and false stats", son?
peezyfreshbaby57::First of all that was a gay comment, second why is it wishful Norris Cole is playing as good as any rookie in the league! And Lebron has been the best player by far, since the season started! Do you watch basketball at all?
thebattousai99::You dont watch sh.it.. you only hate.. pray.. and hope the Heat lose.. they arent losing so all you can do now is throw out meaningless stats from last year, and incorrect stats to try to boost you own level of credibility.  You are way off in everything you say.  Watching ESPN is not watching the games.  Please try to refrain from speaking and pretending like you know anything about the NBA or its teams.  Stick to your losing nba franchise and worry about their patheticness and stop trolling the Heat boards.
nba is the worst::Of course I watch.  I'm just not a fanboy predicting heatles titles and awards after 5 games (vs teams with a collective 5-13 record)...
nba is the worst::Wishful thinking is so cute!
I am the brain::"Kobe is a brickster"                  ---Bulls Offense---
I am the brain::2012  Lebron 60% fg Kobe    39% fg lol
peezyfreshbaby57::Lebron is on fire this year! Look at his shooting % ^^^ WOW
nba is the worst::Yet Chalmers leads the team at .654 to lebron's .598 overall, and .750 to .000 from three
thebattousai99::OK.. let me see.. FG % leaders so far in the NBA...  1. Spencer Hawes, PHI	.676 2. Greg Monroe, DET	.610 3. Manu Ginobili, SA	.605 4. Marc Gasol, MEM	.600 5. LeBron James, MIA	.598  And your point nba is the worst is????????????????????????????????  I didnt see gerald wallace up in there.
thebattousai99::LeBron James is.... with less min played average than Durant.  http://espn.go.com/nba/statistics/player/_/stat/scoring-per-game/sort/avgPoints/year/2012/seasontype/2  Take a look nba is the worst.. actual correct stats.. not made up garbage by you.
outlaw12110224::Now who's averaging the most ppg out of those players
thebattousai99::Stop trying to blame ESPN for your own stupidity.  Just blame it on the Refs for not updating the stats quick enough.. even though they were updated at least 4 hours ago.  What a waste of life you are nba is the worst.
nba is the worst::Apparently ESPN updated the stats page after I posted the link - clearly my fault!
thebattousai99::your attempts to prove something.. god knows what.. are stupid and fu.cking dumb.  You cant even get the stats right.. you post supposed stats contending that GW leads the NBA in FG% and then add a link  that only serves to prove you wrong considering he is only the 7th best in the NBA.. behind # 5 LeBron James!   Get a life you moron!
thebattousai99::Gerald Wallace is averaging 9 shots a game.. makes an average of 5.3 of them to the NBA 7th Leading Field goal percentage of..... ready for it???.. .583%.. AND THE CROWD GOES WILD!!  But, I will give you this.. GW is killing it in FT%.. you know making 3.8 out of ever 4.3 field goals to the tune of .882 %.. HE IS SO IMPRESSIVE.. he barely takes any shots at all.. the point to your 120% incorrect stats are?
thebattousai99::According to your own stupid link:  Field Goal Percentage Leaders - Qualified RK	PLAYER	TEAM	GP	MPG	PTS	FGM-FGA	FG%	3PM-3PA	3P%	FTM-FTA	FT% 1	Spencer Hawes, C	PHI	4	33.3	12.0	5.8-8.5	.676	0.0-0.3	.000	0.5-1.0	.500 2	Greg Monroe, PF	DET	4	31.0	14.8	6.3-10.3	.610	0.0-0.0	.000	2.3-2.5	.900 3	Manu Ginobili, SG	SA	4	25.8	19.8	6.5-10.8	.605	3.3-6.0	.542	3.5-3.8	.933 4	Marc Gasol, C	MEM	4	33.5	14.3	4.5-7.5	.600	0.0-0.0	.000	5.3-6.3	.840 5	LeBron James, SF	MIA	5	35.2	29.6	11.0-18.4	.598	0.0-0.2	.000	7.6-9.4	.809 6	DeJuan Blair, F	SA	4	23.8	16.3	6.5-11.0	.591	0.0-0.0	.000	3.3-5.3	.619 7	Gerald Wallace, SF	POR	4	34.0	14.8	5.3-9.0	.583	0.5-1.5	.333	3.8-4.3	.882 8	Roy Hibbert, C	IND	4	30.3	13.5	5.8-10.0	.575	0.0-0.0	.000	2.0-3.0	.667 9	Chris Bosh, PF	MIA	5	33.2	18.2	7.2-12.6	.571	0.2-0.6	.333	3.6-5.4	.667  	D.J. White, PF	CHA	4	25.5	11.3	5.0-8.8	.571	0.3-0.3	1.000	1.0-1.5	.667
thebattousai99::yo daughter.. are YOU BLIND? yes you are... and YOU ARE STUPID!  no reason to ask.. we all know you are.  Here you go daughter  http://espn.go.com/nba/statistics
nba is the worst::Gerald Wallace LEADS THE LEAGUE (for qualified players) IN FG%, SON:  http://espn.go.com/nba/statistics/player/_/stat/scoring-per-game/sort/fieldGoalPct  So are you blind, or just stupid?
thebattousai99::again.. nba is the worst with useless garbage facts.... point in case is what exactly?   ROFLMA.. what a tool.
nba is the worst::Gerald Wallace 67.7%
flybye23::@NBA IS THE WORST...............(caps lock on purpose)  WOULD YOU PLEASE $@%! AND STOP POSTING YOUR BIASED HATRED ON HEAT BOARDS !!!   WHO IN THEIR RIGHT MIND WOULD POSSIBLY COME ON HERE AS OFTEN AS YOU DO AND CONTINUE TO EMBARASS YOURSELF THEY WAY YOU DO ???    YOU HAVE NO COMMON SENSE OR BASKETBALL SENSE AND JUST SIMPLY GO BY STATS THAT ARE SOMETIMES MADE UP AND DON'T ALWAYS BACK UP YOUR LUDICROUS STATEMENTS.  LOCK IT UP !!!!
thebattousai99::You should know about cheap.. all you do is talk.  Back $@%! up with actual facts.. oh, i forget, unless its the FTA by teams in the 2011 playoffs.. only facts you hang your hat on.
nba is the worst::Lol - talk is cheap - what stats do you claim are "made up", son?
jpanderson5::Go bother dumb people somewhere else. You're a lame. I read your  retread Skip Bayless talking points and laugh at you. You crumb.
thebattousai99::LOL.. AIN'T THAT THE TRUTH BROTHA!  (caps lock on purpose as well) haha
thebattousai99::Thank you Refs!! For helping the Heat to a 5-0 start!! If not for you, we'd be 0-5.. thank you NBA referees! ROLFMAO!
outlaw12110224::Here we go with the ref's again.  Stop crying and accept that the Heat run this league this year.
thebattousai99::HAHAHA.. yeah.. more like your a tool and a complete waste of life.. Your mother who is also your aunt should have aborted you.  Would have done us all a favor.
nba is the worst::More like 3-2
Doug - Masters::Finally, a proper blowout. Seriously must have sucked to be the bobcats.
the702shogun::the heat are gonna need as many wins as they can get. the southeast division has orlando &amp; the squaks who only have one loss each.
flybye23::lmao.   you are saying the Heat should be worried about the Magic and Hawks ?  SERIOUSLY ?!?!?
nba is the worst::For the kid asking for "facts":  In the regular season, Miami shot an avg of 3.8 fts/gm more than their opponents.  In the east playoffs, they shot an AVERAGE of 8.87 more - A DIFFERENCE OF 2.3 TIMES.  No wonder they won each of those series 4-1.  Now explain why Lebron and wade "attacking the rim" (like they did all season) accounts for that increase vs (better defensive) playoff teams...
nba is the worst::Did the bulls suddenly shoot a 2.3X ft margin compared to the reg season in their titles?  Did Jordan shoot 25 fts in a tied finals series while the Bulls were +24 in a gm 5, to get handed a 1-pt "win in OT?  @ OBPxx - Those faster/craftier players were on the heat all season - so why did the ft margins increase so much in the east playoffs (way more than any other playoff team)?
nba is the worst::Heatles fans:  Ft margins in the playoffs are "meaningless"
thebattousai99::Refs always help out the Heat... Its the refs who helped jordan win back 2 back 2 back titles twice? LOL.. logic is something nba is the worst does not possess.
OBPxx::forgive nba is the worst . He is new at  BB. He doesn't understand that a faster/craftier player can draw more fauls .But to his simpleton mind its got to be a conspiracy.  Why dont you look at the the stats when Jordan play and compared them too. By your logic Jordan was being helped too.
thebattousai99::no you tu.rd.. LAST YEARS PLAYOFF FT margins are meaningless this year!!!   Get over last year and welcome in the 2012 season! Again.. Pa-the-tic.
thebattousai99::agreed.. pa-the-tic.
CALtakesUKallTHEway::This just goes to show how much of a loser he must be to obsess over such a meaningless topic.
thebattousai99::Here are facts: Heat Playoffs Free Throw Attempts 2011  Heat Vs 76ers Heat went 116 for 144; 28.8 FTA a game.  Heat Vs Celtics Heat went 118 for 153; 25.5 FTA a game.  Heat Vs Bulls Heat went 115 for 139; 27.8 FTA a game.  Heat Vs Mav Heat went 105 for 148  while the mavs went 121 for 155.  That is 24.6 attempts a game for the Heat and 25.83 for the mavs.  To me.. it looks even through out the playoffs.. and if you look at other series, the numbers are all comparable to the Heats FTA.    This is how you show fact.
thebattousai99::point being? ohhh yeah, the refs are out to help the Heat.. yeahhhh i forget, you hope on stupid conspiracy theories to try and validate and add substance to your lame a.ss arguments.  FAIL, Son!
nba is the worst::Way to show only the heat's ftas, while the opponent's ftas and resulting ft margin are what changed...
thebattousai99::oh? so you know why the Refs helped in the East playoffs but stopped helping out their team in the Finals?  Really? Please tell me.. It seems that you like to believe what you want and just give ignorant facts.  FAIL SON! lol You sir, are pathetic.
thebattousai99::no.. your hate is ignorant.  What is also ignorant is you relying on last years FTA stats as a reason to try and hate on the Heat.  You have yet to give me a stat about this years team that makes any sense.  You keep holding on to last year and trying to compare last years team to this years.  Just like the mavs are finding out.. last year was LAST YEAR.. it is over.. it has passed... it is all about the NOW.. the "what have you done for me lately".. Please come back to the present and get out of the past.  Get a life and lets discuss valid points that are accurate and current with TODAY.. TODAY as in this new young season.  Get over your hate for the Heat.. the Jealousy and Envy is so pathetic.
nba is the worst::So according to you, facts are "ignorant".  Failing yet again...
thebattousai99::YES! they did.. Dallas played great zone defense and forced the Heat to try and make open jumpers and 3's which they were not able to do consistently down the stretch in those games.   The only thing thats "fail son" is you!    Can you explain your referee conspiracy theory?  You stated the refs were to blame for the Heat success.. phantom calls, blah blah blah.. then why didnt that continue in the finals vs dallas?  oh, cuz dallas played a great series and the zone d they showed the Heat brought them many problems.   The only FAIL here i you Kid.. EPIC FAIL by nba is the worst.  You and your worthless stats and supposed facts can suck on LBJs newly engaged co.ck.
nba is the worst::You are a prime example of people believing what they want to believe and ignoring facts.  Look up the shot charts and tell me that the heat took 9 + times as many open jumpers and 3's and drove the rim 9 times less in the finals.  It didn't happen - just like they didn't attack the rim 2.3X more in the east playoffs.  But the ref help they had throughout the east playoffs did stop in the Finals, and you can't seem to figure out why...
thebattousai99::Actually.. the Heat attacked the rim more in the playoffs than during the regular season especially with a smaller available roster.  Drawing fouls is an important part of the game.  Especially considering the Heat have two of the best finishers at the rim who are almost unstoppable.  Heat will ALWAYS be one of the leaders in the NBA in FT attempts.  Simple.  Please give us a stat worth a damn and one that matters for this 2012 NBA season.  Lets not live in the past anymore.  Get over it.   So, if you blame the refs for the Heats success (which is what you always do)... explain the decrease in FT in the Finals by the Heat?   And why must you keep referencing that worthless statistic? What does that have to do with this Year?  Is that the blanket that covers you and helps you go to sleep at night?  Are the Heat visiting you in your nightmares?  Please give us something worth a damn.
nba is the worst::Heat's reg season ft margin +3.8  Heat's east playoff ft margin +8.87(!)  Heat's Finals ft margin -1.16  Lol - so the heatles attacked the rim 2.3 times as often in the east playoffs? And then suddenly just stopped in the Finals?  FAIL, son!  (Since fts are worth 1-pt each, they're NOT "worthless" )- and since the refs call fouls that lead to fts, it's a fact that the one-sided officiating the heat were given before the Finals stopped - right?
miami360x::Not only is Wade leading all NBA guards in blocks, there isn't a foward in the NBA that has more blocked shots per game.
brandonlee561heat::But seriously, did you guys see what Corey Maggette posted on his twitter last night?  "This was a high school team playing in a professional game"  -Corey Maggette
thebattousai99::haha.. they (charlotte) are a pro team that was made to look like a high school team.. bulls did the same to memphis.
thebattousai99::lets blame his poor shooting on the refs
nba is the worst::Magette is shooting 1-16 vs the heatles - what a scrub
brandonlee561heat::Both teams got embarrassed, that's for sure
Dr.Killapatient...::@ nba is the worst. Is it "now" the heatles fault if the teams they play suck?
Doug - Masters::Seriously... i aint sayin it was fixed but anyone watching that game last year knows that those foul calls were lopsided. A win is a win but that's the attitude for the athletes to have, not for the fans..... Like I said I don't think it was fixed but it sure was conspicuous
thebattousai99::At the end of the day it was the Heat being clutch in that year.  Just like the Heat were NOT clutch last year.
thebattousai99::At the end of the day, its about making the FT.. and Wade made most of them.. except when he missed 2 in a row and gave Dallas a chance to steal game 5, but of course.. dallas choked and ended up losing.
nba is the worst::At the end of that day, it was all about 25 fta's - compared to his usual 9
thebattousai99::ROLF  phantom calls? really? roflmao.. you are even more pathetic that I could have ever imagined.  SAD.. really really SAD.
nba is the worst::Everyone that watched that Finals (other than biased heat fans) saw the ref help, dude - it was OBVIOUS!
thebattousai99::Its called driving to the rim and getting fouled.. simple as that.. re-watch those games and you can see it.. Dallas shot long jumpers and 3's while Wade, Haslem, Payton, Walker all took it to the hole.  If you drive you will get rewarded.. if you settle, well thats up in the air.
nba is the worst::And all it took were 4 or 5 phantom calls in each game for a title to be fixed.
thebattousai99::Since the Heat is the only team to ever experience that loss.. didnt that same thing happen to dallas in 06?  Why are we even discussing the past?  Past doesnt matter, the present and the future matter.
thebattousai99::last I checked.. a win is a win is a win.. just ask dallas about last year...
nba is the worst::No - what happened to Dallas was the refs handing Wade 46 fts in games 5 and 6, with a total "winning" margin of 4 pts
thebattousai99::hahaha.. yeah, its all the Heats fault.. Hunger on earth, the innocents killed in Syria, 9/11, Bird Flu, nuclear fallout.. its all the Heats fault.  LOL  that jealous and envious loser is funny
nba is the worst::Is it the heatles' "fault" that they lost a Finals with HCA and a 2-1 lead?  It sure was funny!
Dr.Killapatient...::The Heatles don't make the schedule, they just play it. If the teams that the Heat play suck, its not the heat organizations fault... FACT
thebattousai99::Wow.. Gillyballer1980.. now that sounds like a logical NBA fan.
Gillyballer1980::LOL, I mean I want my teams to win, but that means little because the fact is they are not up there. The Heat, Love them or Hate them, are playing great and will be tough to beat. And it will not get any easier in the coming years as they continue to jell more and get better role/reserve players. The thing that is even more scary is that there aren't any superstars coming in the NBA right now and that may be the case for a few years so it is not looking that good for the rest of us who love other teams, lol.
thebattousai99::due to the fact that nba is the worst knows nothing about how the nba works, its clear to see he has no facts and actual viable data to back up his hate.  He can only refer to last season and only to the finals.  Sure, the Heat choked.  The mavs didnt beat them, the Heat beat themselves.. You live, you learn.  This year.. the YEAR THAT MATTERS, the Heat are showing what this team was supposed to be when the assembled this cast.  It is still a work in progress and that is the scary part.  Agreed with GillyBaller.. teams can only foul the Heat because they cannot stop LeBron, Wade, and/or Bosh!    Give credit.. not hate, your hair will last longer, your skin will stay wrinkle free, youll avoid a heart attach.  All that jealousy, envy, and hate isnt very good for your health.
thebattousai99::and logic and reason arent yours.. I C we have a Grammar $@%! on the boards.. nice! vetty vetty niiiiiiiee
nba is the worst::Obviously reading comprehension isn't one of your strengths...
thebattousai99::hahahaha.. yes.. its a conspiracy.  The officials and David Stern are making sure the Heat go 66-0 and sweep their way to the Championship! ROFLMAO.. you madam, are stupid and funny... wow, I pity you and your family of white trash.    Please, do you have any FACTS to support this? Not your envy and jealousy.. FACTS!
thebattousai99::What ?  The above mentioned worthless fact?  The FT margin? really?  Next thing you know youll give me the FT margin for the Heat/dallas finals of 06 or the FT margin for the bulls/jazz or bulls/blazers of 96/97.  Come on man! That is old news.. lets get some legit current and valid facts.. not garbage that you apparently hang your hat and whole argument on.
nba is the worst::Just because something doesn't make sense to you doesn't mean it's not a fact, son...  Heat's reg season ft margin +3.8 Heat's east playoff ft margin +18.7(!) Heat's Finals ft margin -1.16
thebattousai99::so.. they got the refs to help them all the way to the finals.. and then, the refs decided to stop given the calls to the Heat.  WOW..  Dumb as.s statements for real.  You just made no sense at all.  You said it was with the help of the officiating that the Heat made it through the playoffs.. since it was the refs giving the Heat the boost, why didnt they do that in the Finals? ohhh maybe cuz the Heat settled for outside shots instead of driving the lane which is what made them successful in the playoffs leading up to the Finals.  Credit to the mavs for getting the Heat out of their game plan.. but dont blame the refs for the Heats success or their failure.    Your comments are dumb and ignorant.  Your worse than an uneducated redneck.
nba is the worst::None of that addresses why the ft margin avg increased by 5X when the playoffs came around - the comparison is to the same star players putting pressure on opposing teams (Wade and Lebron), yet against BETTER defenses in the playoffs, their ft margin skyrocketed - until the finals, when that stopped.   NOT a "coincidence"...
Gillyballer1980::Star players tend to shoot more free throws because they are harder to guard. Bosh is no slouch either so the free throw discrepancy will always tilt in their favor because they put a lot of pressure on opposing teams and others team do not have the players capable of playing like them. I understand that the best drivers in the NBA always get the most fouls shots because they are hard to contain. And now that Lebron is playing more post that makes it even worse for those opposing teams because Wade is already a handful down there.
Gillyballer1980::I realize that the Heat play a much more physical game than any other team at the 2 and 3 and those are their money spots so to say they are getting preferred treatment is a long stretch. All those players can do sometimes is just foul Wade and Lebron. It can't be helped.
nba is the worst::Who said anything about 66-0 and a championship sweep - from a team that couldn't even force a game 7 at home with a +15 ft margin?  It's a FACT that throughout the East playoffs last season, the heatles had the biggest increase in FT margin vs the reg season of ANY PLAYOFF TEAM.  Review how many games vs the 76ers, Celtics, and Bulls that the heatles were outscored from the floor
nba is the worst::True - they don't make the officiating one-sided either.  It's nice to receive help across the board as the "face of the NBA"
miami360x::The Miami Heat are the "face of the NBA." I like the sound of that.
iTzDiRkFoR3::Cole just looks... good.
thebattousai99::nba is the worst has no logic.. just envy and jealousy which is the fuel for his hatred of the Heat.  Cole had 10 points prior to "garbage" time and got 6 more points in that 4th quarter.  Please stop making stupid and false statements Mr worst.. you already look stupid, stop making all Americans look bad by commenting on these boards.  Do us all a favor and but the long end of a barrel up to your mouth and pull the trigger.  Thank you, come again.
thebattousai99::nba is the worst does not use logic.. much less know what that word means...  he uses his envy for LBJ and the Heat.. his jealousy of Miami.. and combines those to fuel his Hate for the team, the players, the city, and the fans.  He is a pathetic loser.  Simple as that.
Gillyballer1980::Yeah, one can not like a team, but you have to be logical. I like the Spurs and the Bucks, but I know that the Heat are killing it right now regardless if I like them or not. I love basketball so I love the way they play and any fan has to respect how they are doing it out there. They, along with the Thunder, look like the teams to beat.
Gillyballer1980::Cole is better than advertized
Gillyballer1980::So he wasn't good against Boston? I am not understanding your logic
nba is the worst::He's awesome in garbage time with his team up by 25
Dr.Killapatient...::Cole is just....The Truth.
NoGuarantee::Flash from LeBron - We will go undefeated, not once, not twice, forever.................
Dr.Killapatient...::Source?
nba is the worst::Amazing - finally the heat go up against a team with a winning record*  *Atlanta - with 3 wins, 2 over NJ and 1 over the Wizards, and a loss to the 2-2 Rockets.  Can't wait for the cakewalk part of the schedule to be over
thebattousai99::Yeah.. im sure the Heat are worried about those other 9 teams.. waaa waaaaaa waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa....  Excuses excuses excuses.. Must be the Heats fault they have beat every team they have played.
thebattousai99::Who is portland again and why are we talking about what and who they have played?  Is this part of your Facts?  wow.
thebattousai99::ROFLMAO!  Yeah.. issues with your skewed reality madam.
nba is the worst::Gillyballer asked  a question and I answered - sorry you have issues with reality.  Only 9 teams out of 30 so far with winning records - NONE have played the heatles
thebattousai99::And considering this 66 game schedule, there is no cake walk.  On any night any team can beat any team....  especially with the back to backs and the back2b2back games.  No team has a cake walk.   Stop trying to find reasons as to why the Heat are 5-0 other than the reason we all know, that they are the BEST TEAM IN THE NBA.
Gillyballer1980::See what I mean about the schedule? That's the best? 9-9? .500?
nba is the worst::Portland (for one) has only played 1 team under .500 - their opponents' combined record is 9-9
Gillyballer1980::LOL, oh yeah I know about NBA is the worst. I have been debating him for a couple years on these boards now, lol
nba is the worst::Until the Finals...
thebattousai99::Gillyballer1980.. dont expect nba is the worst go actually give you facts and valid points.  Just expect venom to be spewed about LBJ and the Heat.  It is the only thing this inbreed piece of double wide trailer trash can do correctly.
thebattousai99::YES.. Envy + Jealousy = Your Hate.    Sure, they have played only one back to back but have 5 games in 7 days and have 2 B2Bs this week.   Not to mentions multiple b2bs and even b2b2b during this condensed season.  Now, Name a better Team this year than the Heat? Back it with facts.  Now, Name a better Player than LeBron this year NOT on the Heat team?  Back it with facts.  Please entertain me further with your hate and ridiculous post.  Thanks and Happy New Year and a blessed 2012.  Maybe the jealousy and envy will subside itself as the Heat keep on winning.. This is like a Hurricane.. You can see it coming weeks ahead but there is nothing you can do but watch as it destroys everything in its path.
Gillyballer1980::Who has played the toughest schedule? I ask because the teams we thought were going to be the contenders this year are not doing well at all. The 'good" teams are losing to the bad teams this year early on.
nba is the worst::Jealousy and envy? hate? You are too funny!  Ridiculous assertion that "there is no cake walk" - heatles opponents are 5-13 to this point, and they've played ONE B2B so far
thebattousai99::nba is the worst......... all this chump does is a Troll for the Heat board.. If the Heat win by 40, they suck... if they win with a last second shot, they suck..  if they win by a defensive stop, they suck.. if they win this way or that or beat this team or that, they suck.. According to the chump above.  Its amazing how he is able to make an excuse about the Heat yet never give any credit where credit is due.  When other supposed powerhouses are struggling i.e. Mavs, Celtics, Lakers.. and the Heat are winning and winning as a team, he just finds hate and envy to fuel his post.  He is a loser.  A chump.  A complete moron.  Simple as that.
thebattousai99::You hate.. all you do is make those cheap $@% excuses.. 'officials this, officials that'.. Heatles this, Heatles that.  Its just Jealousy and Envy that fuel your hate.  Does it really bother you that much that the Heat will dominate the NBA landscape for the next 4 to 5 years? Ouch buddy
nba is the worst::I notice you didn't mention the "win by one-sided officiating" method during your tirade...  Where in my post did I say the heatles "suck"?  It's hilarious how defensive fanboys can be - the namecalling especially!
Dr.Killapatient...::Me too. And when they win those games I cannot wait to hear the new excuses why the Heat are still winning...
Gillyballer1980::Heat looking pretty good so far
heatdolphfan::GOOD JOB HEAT LETS KEEP IT GOING
joepah51::Dear NBA,  Good luck with the Heat.
wilton manors man::eddy curry needs to show the nba why riley keeps him around.
wilton manors man::If joel anthony got some rebounding help off the bench for like 15-20 minutes a game, it would be big form miami. How can pittman and curry not run the floor for 8-10 minutes.Inexcusable
marsh025::Don't know why Spo won't play Pittman other than garbage time. The guy can at least give six fouls to the opposing center. Plus PT will only help his development. He can't be worse than Joel can he? Let's Go Heat!!!
Dr.Killapatient...::IDK... I'm wondering, what's going on with those guys....
wilton manors man::I hope they don't regret keeping miller and pittman instead of going after a samuel dalembert kind of guy
rockchalkfail::66-0
Merriweather Brown::Their season does not start until May.  The regular season is meaningless for them.
Dr.Killapatient...::Wow.... @Merriweather Brown.. Does that go for everyone else as well?
wilton manors man::I wouldn't say meaningless. Miami needs to iron out rotations and get new players up to speed with the pace.
jimc0907::I just don't see how getting rip will put chicago over miami in a 7 game series. miami got better too and has some pretty good wing defenders.
wilton manors man::if curry is down to 275 we have a big body at least
EddyCurryFan::Heat have no inside game though.
MIAMIs Rorschach::two words: no threes. our prime stars (wade/bron) havent tried 3's as much as last season. hence a better inside game, just look at their shooting percentages from the last 5 games.
thebattousai99::That is not a fantasy Mr. worst.. who is better? please give us some facts and statistics not crap hate post.
nba is the worst::anti's fantasies are (cough) "revealing"...
flybye23::our inside game has improved from last season and when we had none last season we went to the finals and only lost cause Lebron played below average for a couple of games.  not worried about inside game cause there is no reason to be worried about it
antistratfordian::LeBron James is working the post like a stripper.  He's easily the best Power Forward in the Eastern Conference.
wilton manors man::I just don't see how getting rip will put chicago over miami in a 7 game series. miami got better too and has some pretty good wing defenders.
antistratfordian::I think Norris Cole was a much bigger addition for Miami than Rip was for Chicago.  And then the Heat also has back a healthy Udonis Haslem.  Mike Miller can't possibly play any worse than he did last year.  Throw in Shane Battier and it's just icing on the cake.
wilton manors man::i think getting rid of bogans and getting rip wasnt much of a huge difference as far as output.
wilton manors man::wow, a down to earth bulls fan. respect.
wilton manors man::and chicago and minnesota both passed on cole. even though they already have their pg's set. they could regret letting miami get that help off the bench
greg94327::The heat are looking so good right now, especially after they barely escaped Minnesota with a win. The T wolves are tough competition this year.
wilton manors man::they beat dallas by 17, while dallas is struggling. they play hard and have some young blood. rubio looks like he could be very good.
wilton manors man::bosh&gt;amare. can the trolls agree?
flybye23::career averages in all the stat categories put them pretty darn close with neither having an obvious edge.  the only thing i would say is that, which had a hall of fame pg named Nash creating and making plays for him for most of his career thus far ?  Bosh didnt have much help in Toronto.  and most of the knickerjoker fans i have talked to are ignorant and think Amare is way better which of course i based on absolutely nothing.  weird concept huh, a knickerjoker fans making an opinion based on nothing.
Merriweather Brown::Bosh = E.T.
tampabaybucs3030::man this team is looking GREAT and i see another finals appearance.we seem to be clicking in every way and that is great to see.
tampabaybucs3030::yea i just think they need to bring in more vets on the offensive  side and d.i also think the no off season hurt them and mark my words the bucs will be a 10 win or better team next yr IF we bring in some vets.
wilton manors man::yeah. that team will be very good soon, im a big fan of blount as a player. hope his head doesnt ruin his career
tampabaybucs3030::nope and i hope he's not fired.
wilton manors man::yeah, i like the guy.
tampabaybucs3030::very true and having more then one vet helps a lot lol
wilton manors man::yep, is RM gone?
tampabaybucs3030::hey u guys got hot my team got hot the first couple of games then left are talent in london.
wilton manors man::yeah and the fact that we play defense and got heart
tampabaybucs3030::we need to bring in lebron to play some wr lol
tampabaybucs3030::i wish i knew lol i realllly do lol
wilton manors man::my phins had a better yr, with matt moore lol
tampabaybucs3030::at least i have one team to be excited about this yr lol
wilton manors man::wtf happened to the bucs
wilton manors man::I haven't heard one bench joke this year, and shane battier may not be hot offensively but he's already drawn 5 charges and gotten some blocks.
rcracer0229::NORIS COLE ROY
wilton manors man::nah, that's a stretch. miami's just happy bibby the black hole is in ny
antistratfordian::That's what Brandon Roy is going to name his son.
wilton manors man::keep on blocking bcause ur giving up 99 pts a game to the bulls89. so take ur block shots. ill take a better defense ----- You think that average would be different without memphis scoring 64 pts with half their team out? Just saying.
mahmudur::haterr
buller23::moron
mahmudur::a fast offense with a fast pace game allows the opportunity for any opponent  to score in the high range... idiot
buller23::i think ur the idiot. a fast paced offense is why the heat give up 99 a game???????????? that makes no sense. bulls play fast to.
wilton manors man::with jeremy pargo at pg and zebo and conley out? thats funny.
buller23::that stat was only 4 the first 4 games didnt count tonite
wilton manors man::miami is gellin, that wont show up on the stat sheet though.the fact that bron and wade aren't taking 3's is also great news.
TheSixthHeatle::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMuXwdUS_Lc  Cole Blooded!!
wilton manors man::jordan was averaging 40 minutes a game...wade is a better shot blocking guard, being injury prone and shorter, is amazing
buller23::wade is a awsome player . iam not hating on wade. hes all chicago.  and i like him.  hey wilton manors man. dont no what ur talking about, saw every game jordan  ever played. and been a bulls fan since 1978
wilton manors man::wade was about to go to chi-town.scary thought.
mahmudur::Wade averaged 35, 7, 7 in the finals... just sayin... jordan is the only other player to do that
buller23::c the problem with most of u heat fans is u never saw jordan play. u werent born yet
wilton manors man::says the kid who never watched jordan play
buller23::did wade ever avg 37 pts a game and win defensive player of the year the same year???????????? just asking
wilton manors man::did i say he was jordan or better than him?
wilton manors man::players like wade and kobe are a dying breed.not many true sg's in the game today. its a pg driven league
wilton manors man::Wade is just so damn underrated as far as history goes, he still has some work to do though.
antistratfordian::everyone is a hybrid these days
TheSixthHeatle::vs 90's and 80's talent and conditioning also. He was pioneer!
mcase94::who cares
antistratfordian::Let's get one thing straight.  Wade is "shorter" but he is not "short".  6'4 isn't 5'11.  He isn't Mugsy Bogues.  And Jordan is not 6'6.  That is not his real height.  He is shorter than that.
antistratfordian::kobe's reputation.  kobe hasn't been a 1st team defender for some time now.
wilton manors man::how does kobe get 1st team and wade get 2nd last yr? thats my problem
antistratfordian::wade is the best shot blocking guard since michael jordan.  but i am hesitant to say he was a better shot blocker than michael jordan.  his defensive player of the year season was something we may never see from a guard again in our lives.  and if you werent alive then... you may never see it.
wilton manors man::Is he not the best shot blocking guard of this generation?
mcase94::wilt is ina glass cage of emotion
mcase94::thankyou im tired of other c's fans sugarcoating our bench
Damn Mods 9330::Knowing Jermaine is only good for about 20 games has me worried too. Who's going to fill in? Wilcox? Dear God man lol.
mcase94::$@%!
mcase94::piercy
wilton manors man::dooling is a 3pt threat and yeah i like bass, very underrated player
Damn Mods 9330::I'm a Celtics fan too and I'm worried about the bench. Bass is the only legit player coming off the bench and hopefully Pietrus can help.
wilton manors man::doc has some work to do, the schedule will be very tough on those old geizers. but, he's a great coach and the bench is pretty good
mcase94::celts,giants and WVU
wilton manors man::how did pierce look today
wilton manors man::and you're a fan of??
yes i am Dan Gilbert::when i saw the score to this game i was like " yes we put up good numbers" ... then i saw the chi vs mem and was like day uuuuuuuum wtf happened here
wilton manors man::Wade is the best shotblocking guard ever. amazing and he's not a big guy either, 6'4
buller23::its funny how the 6heatle doesnt respond to facts. just makes stupid comments about the greatest player ever.
TheSixthHeatle::Its the only argument a Chicago Bull fan can win, so it is the fall back argument. It doesnt fail!
TheSixthHeatle::Here we go MJ butt munchers have arrived.
buller23::yah i guess MJ will just have to be happy leading the league in scoring 10 years in a row.  winning 6 championships in 8 years 2 of witch he missed. and winning 14 MVPS AND BEING 3RD ALL TIME STEALS LIST
buller23::keep on blocking bcause ur giving up 99 pts a game to the bulls89. so take ur block shots. ill take a better defense
TheSixthHeatle::MJ is a shoe salesman for unathletic fat guys with shoe collections!, lol
wilton manors man::hahaha, as soon as I bring up logic, wikipedia bulls fans breakt out.
TheSixthHeatle::I hate MJ, so ill take the high road. MJ slurpers always win.
wilton manors man::am i not stressing height enough? how is that not impressive for wade to even be in discussion
wilton manors man::ok, jordan was playing 4-6 minutes longer a game than wade
antistratfordian::doesn't matter.  he can't change his height.  so therefore jordan's height already makes him better suited to be a better shot blocker... which is why he was.
TheSixthHeatle::Wade 1/game MJ- .08/ game
antistratfordian::Wade will be at .08 before he's done.  Maybe less.
TheSixthHeatle::He has more blocks than the entire Bulls team. Taj is the closest at 1/game. Thats big!
wilton manors man::imagine if wade was 6'6...
antistratfordian::That's just thru 5 games.  His average will come back down to about 1 a game.
wilton manors man::thats crazy, with how good their defense is..
antistratfordian::I don't know about that.  MJ won DPOY because of his blocks and steals.  1.6 blocks a game is a lot for a guard.  Wade's best effort is 1.3 blocks a game.
antistratfordian::Jordan really was more 6'5 than 6'6
wilton manors man::he's 2 inches taller than wade!!!that would be insane.
antistratfordian::But Wade will never block 1.6 shots a game in a season.  And Jordan is still the only guard who has ever done that for a season.
wilton manors man::at the end of wade's career he will have more blocks in less games played than mj.
antistratfordian::Wade doesn't do that every year.  Jordan averaged 1.5 blocks a game or more two different seasons.  Wade hasn't even done that once.
wilton manors man::jordan had that for 1 yr, wade does this every yr...
TheSixthHeatle::Wade plays bigger than MJ and Kobe, sorry!
antistratfordian::I don't know.  I'd take MJ over him as the best shot blocking guard ever.
antistratfordian::^ Another reason why Jordan was a better shot blocker.  He was actually available to block shots for you.
wilton manors man::wade can't stay healthy. jordan was a healthy dude
antistratfordian::But Jordan reached higher heights than Wade.  He exceeded 120+ blocked shots in two different seasons.  Wade still hasn't done that.  He's only reached 100 blocks once.
wilton manors man::? he only averaged over 1 blk for 3 yrs...
antistratfordian::Yeah, but you're factoring in "old" Jordan.  Wade's average is going to come down to after he's played 15 years.
wilton manors man::nah, wade is 2 inches shorter and averages a blk a game over his career jordan average .8
yes i am Dan Gilbert::did the bulls play a wnba team tonight???
ESPN Mods worship Tebow.::NO but the Heat did.
wilton manors man::and they had no mike conley
mcase94::yea candace parker's team
wilton manors man::zebo got hurt, and rudy has been pretty blah this yr
rj1512::the heat have a cupcake schedule
TheSixthHeatle::Scubs, thats a lottery pick team with a PG, they have a great coach and talent. They will be making noise, bet.
TheSixthHeatle::Every team get amped for Miami, every team plays Miami hard.
wilton manors man::yeah, minnesota's scrubs had career nights the other day.
antistratfordian::the heat would make any schedule a cupcake schedule.  they're going to walk all over the league this year.
TheSixthHeatle::Chicago 23 degrees&lt; Miami 79 degrees
TheSixthHeatle::When theres gas in the tank!
wilton manors man::dayumm,My bro has a boat,  hella expensive.
TheSixthHeatle::Flats too.
TheSixthHeatle::I caught mahi mahi and wahoo, it was perfect!
wilton manors man::you deep sea fish?
TheSixthHeatle::Best sashimi ever! Not a cloud in the sky and flat seas.
wilton manors man::dang, eating good man
wilton manors man::I got a sunburn yesterday.wtf is that.
Damn Mods 9330::Miami had jersey shore......Anything else is better.....
Damn Mods 9330::Fu<b></b>ck them mods.
thepainofcanes2::Dam mods.
zacksjets416::Wow as much as I hate the heat Norris Cole + The big 3 looks even better than last year.
mcase94::this convo makes total sense
wilton manors man::he's a jets fan
mcase94::agreed
wilton manors man::There's always landry jones. rex needs a real qb
wilton manors man::damn, then the jets are screwed. how funny would it be if they somehow got barkley to replace sanchez
thepainofcanes2::I could of swore he said he was staying at OU for another year.
wilton manors man::heat trolls aren't even heat fans. but I bet most of you know that
mcase94::yes they probably are
mcase94::people trollin people dyin people hurtin people cryin
