Tony::One big difference between this years team and the team of the past several years is the fact Aldridge has become a vocal leader. When Roy left it left a vacuum in the team leadership category. I love the fact that Lillard had 9 assists in this game. Last game he only had 1 or 2 and they lost. Once Lillard gets his shooting touch back again he should make the all-star team, although the West is loaded with guards. Once McCollum gets back we will have a guy who can potentially fill the bucket on any given night. Let's hope coach actually gives him 15-20 minutes a game.
Tony::Amazing the difference one off season makes. This is a game Portland would have lost last year. Our bench was pathetic. Now that we actually have a couple guys who can come in and shoot and keep the defensive tempo going shows how good this team can become. As they continue to bond and find minutes for the right combinations on the floor, they will only get better. I feel C.J. McCollum, by the end of the season, is going to be a key reserve for them. Hopefully he will be a more consistent shooter than Mo Williams is. However, it's unclear how many minutes Coach will give him. Since Meyers Leonard is essentially benched now, in a season where many people expected a lot of improvement from him, one wonders if Portland is going back to the days where the very young players spend all their time on the bench, thus learning nothing about playing in the N.B.A. As a former college player, I can attest that playing in a game and playing in a practice game are two very different things. I am not a Joel Freeland fan. I think his minutes should be Leonard's minutes, because Leonard, in the end, has more upside and needs the experience. Leonard is a decent mid-range shooter with good rebounding skills. He needs to learn how to move his feet better as he is very slow with his feet. He is a top 10 pick who is riding the bench his second year. I would love to understand why Stotts is doing this. Also, Thomas Robinson needs to develop some kind of jump shot. He should be shooting a thousand shots a day before and after practice. There is a lot more to playing than simply dunking a ball. As a fifth pick he is bordering on being a complete bust.
Bravesfan::What's with the East having only 3 teams over .500 the West have 10 teams over or at .500. I can only hope the East gets better as the season progresses.
Bob::I am surprised that Pau doesn't hustle any harder for a team that't been trying to unload him non-stop for 3 years, and basically told him they will not offer him an extension.
David::A couple of solid comebacks from the Lakers, but I'm not jumping on this Portland bandwagon just yet. They have had a very easy schedule thus far, and they have mediocre defense.
Blondie::It was because of Xavier Henry, Nick Young, and Robert Sacre that the Lakers came back from a 13-point deficit.  D'Antoni will blow it if he sticks with Jodie Meeks, who doesn't have defense, and Gasol, who is having an inconsistent game.
Blondie::D'Antoni blew this game in the 3rd quarter by keeping Gasol, Meeks, Wesley Johnson, and Hill in the game when the Blazers ran up the score to take a 19-point lead.  D'Antoni should of yanked out Gasol and Hill, Johnson, and Meeks and stuck with Nick Young, Xavier Henry, and Sacre, who gave the Lakers a nice comeback in the 2nd quarter.  D'Antoni is too stupid to know when his starters are having inconsistencies that should have been corrected with rotating players and the bench.
Steven McCormick::This is the one we've all been waiting for . . . the Lakers really need to have all hands on deck for this game.    I would change the positions of Hill and Gasol . . . Hills a better rebounder in the paint and that's where this game will be won or lost.   Let Gasol take outside shots . . . he's good at that.
Amir::Nice game to watch, 2 teams that plays most attractive basketball ATM.
bluuzman::Good comeback by LA and good win on the road for Portland.
