terrapin3dixon::Marcus Camby owning Nene...priceless.
CBass1317::Nene + Aaflalo = 2 worst contracts of the off season.  Both really capitalized on a terrible FA class and Denver losing Martin, Chandler and Smith.
jayeteee::Nene and Karl deserve each other, the effort is only there half the time.
58rhodes::some of you Denver fans are worse than us Blazer fans
jayeteee::Brilliant deduction, Watson. :)
paul2285::It's been a tough week, but Karl needs to figure out his rotations soon. He doesn't know who to play and when
jayeteee::Boy, you nailed that one on the head. Karl is a terrible coach, and always has been. I don't care what his record is, when the going gets tough, George is nowhere to be found. He's clueless, like you said.
HummmmBaby::Also, the NBA schedule guys are a joke.  If you're going to have multiple back-to-back-to-backs, at least make a couple of the games at home, and against non-division rivals.
natesweet72::three in a row in three different cities is pretty nuts
58rhodes::The Fans suffer the most with lifeless sloppy pro ball
HummmmBaby::Nene and AAA, 47 minutes, 1-10, 4 rebounds, 1 assist.  Are you kidding me?  George needs to seriously think about big Al taking over for Nene and Brewer taking over for AAA...
austuc33::whoo aaa affalo
HummmmBaby::Yeah
nba is the worst::Well, so much for the Nuggs fans' optimism before the game...  Can't expect to win in Portland in the last of a B2B2B
CandySparker::Hola Lotta Love!
garrett_muniz13::ROY would be the best two guard in the league this year if he was 100% healthy so suck on that denver fans we woulda whooped your a s s twice as hard. And ya the blazers do need to start winning on the road its BS and I am getting tired of it. FINISH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
broyhofbound::As the biggest BRoy supporter ever, please $@%!, he is retired and it's irrelevant. We won and that's all that matters, don't be a troll.
nba is the worst::DUMB/IRRELEVANT.
eazyt_971::For a city thats known as a hockey and football town Denver sure has alot of trash talking basketball fans. Especially since the nuggets have never won a championship or even played in the NBA finals. For most of my life I've always put the nuggets in the same hat with the clippers and the N.J nets as the NBA laughing stocks. I truly didn't know that the nuggets had such a passionate following. Where were you guys pre 2004? I guess a small period of some success will bring in all the bandwagoners.
eazyt_971::I don't really like the rockies. I just said that because Gerardo's profile says he's a rockies fan.
eazyt_971::GO ROCKIES!! Troy Tulowitzki is the man!!
garrett_muniz13::GO MARINERS!!! HAHAHAHAHAHHA!!!! I know, i know, youu ain't gotta tell me about em.
GerardoE303::a.s.s
eazyt_971::I was scrolling down through the comments and find it funny that knicks fans are coming to nuggets threads and still trying to justify the Carmelo Anthony deal. I'm guessing they only do that after a knicks win and nuggets loss though.
thewingman7000::Nuggets need an actual center. Three team trade between the Nuggets, Magic and Knicks. Knicks give Stoudemire to the Magic, Chandler to the Nuggets. The Magic give Jameer Nelson and Dwight to the Knicks. The Nuggets give Birdman, Koufos or Mosgov, Andre, and a draft pick to the Magic? Solves knicks problem at point, Magic get something for Dwight before he leaves as a free agent and the Nuggets get a much needed center.
DAnnyPrImetIme15::AAA is killing us right now. I could always stomach his bad shots in return for great defense on the other team's best player, but he is a black hole. The Nuggets get lauded as a team of great depth, but Karl refuses to go that deep even when the starters are clearly exhausted. Brewer and the rooks need to get more minutes.
masala716::8 of those road losses were lost in the final 30 seconds of the game.  This team could be anywhere from 14-10 (current record) to 22-2.  My point here is that IF (and big if) they find out how to close games out on the road, they will win games at a higher clip for the rest of the season and could grab HCA in the playoffs.  3-10 in the West should be pretty close this year.
CandySparker::Nicolas Batman!
Noza303::NENE Hilarious aint' woth a $@%!. He's a Soccer player. Him and Affalo play with no confidence or toughness! Only weak players on Nuggets roster.
MikeEffingG::Just got home from the game... What a monsta!!! So nice to have Batum back, he had the Midas touch tonight. Insane! Great team effort, good to see Andre and Rudy again. Once again Aldridge was the postal service for us, dependable as ever. Killer game from Wallace too, great hustle by everyone. Not to mention Elliot Williams coming in for the bonus highlight reel moments. What a dependable contributor, a great mix of athleticism, skill and heart. Now let's just play like this on the road! Sorry for all the exclamation points, just excited to finally make it to a game as I live nowhere close to PDX.
Kobelies247::Dont forget blazers fans that good teams win at home.... GREAT teams win on the road!
JosephMcGreal700::Congrats to the NBA for their very innovative scheduling. 3 games in 3 nights for the Nuggets. An up and coming team whose confidence no doubt jolted (hopefully only slightly) by the last 2 losses in games they should now be winning. Compounding that fact is the increasing realization across the baord that alot of the players on all teams were not in shape to start the season anyways. You couple that with a compressed schedule and what you have is a recipe for disaster injury wise. Greed has once again triumphed over sanity in the pro sports world. Too bad, too sad.!
jonathanlee78::@ denverdihard35 - stay classy denver fan
DenverDiehard35::im drunk cuz my team got killed haha, dont be afraid
DenverDiehard35::denver has had 2 b2b2b's, has portland had that? oh..... idiots
HummmmBaby::Washington, GS, and the Clippers, where none of the teams are in your division.  We had Clippers, Lakers, and Portand?  Plus two of yours are at home.  Portland played great, I would just like to see matchups where both teams can play to their full capacity.
masala716::Portland has another one coming up later this season. Idiot.
kezmicdust::Don't complain - it goes both ways. Denver were basically handed the win against the Clippers as that was the 4th game the Clippers had played in 5 days and they were exhausted and Denver took full advantage. Looks like Portland took advantage tonight.
Ian_Swanson::Right because the Blazers haven't had 3 games in a row either. *rolls eyes*
DAnnyPrImetIme15::Stay of the shrooms and look at the schedule with your own two eyes. Nuggs have it worse.
blazers3333333::do only the nuggets play a condensed schedule? oh.......
garrett_muniz13::Who cares the nugggets are one of the youngest teams in the nba get over it
DAnnyPrImetIme15::they are one of only two teams to have 2 separate 3-in-a-rows. so yes. Stern hosed them.
cowpoke85::Looking like 36-30 if they don't figure out those road woes... That will place them on the bubble in the West...
cowpoke85::There is a lot of hate on our Blazers in here... The potential is there to make an impact, but with their road woes it is hard to see them going anywhere. If they can pull it together and get a high seed in the West they have a chance. Everything is going to ride on whether or not they can figure out how to pack it up and gut out games on the road...
broncosroxnuggz::nene+harrington to boston for garnett
tdawg44446::Why would Denver do it?
broncosroxnuggz::nenes awful and its time to get outta that bad contract
dankfranks_155::Haha damn, Portland seems to have a lotta haters in their own fanbase. Ima former Sonics fan and I dont see a lot to hate. They had ridiculous bad luck with injuries and since he aint playin in Seattle no more I wish they drafted Durant even though I dont think he really fit their needs at the time. But theres a lot worse teams than Portland
Sir_Toonces::YOU ARE A FREAKIN' IDIOT....HOW MANY YEARS DOES THE 'WE HAVE HAD A LOT OF INJURIES' LAST FOR NUMNUTS?  MEOW!!!
Salvidor Bali::But hey Portland, I aint mad at ya.  I love the Blazers.  Heartache is just par for the course.  It will make that eventual championship all the more sweet.  Even if I am in my 80's.  lol?
Salvidor Bali::Portland had to learn their lesson twice.  YOU ALWAYS TAKE THE BETTER PLAYER.  ALWAYS.  Not the better fit.  Oden is a bigger bust than Sam Bowie.  At least Bowie played for a few seasons.  Oden's played a total of one season in I don't even know how many years.  Barf.  Blazers are a solid team, it's just that here in Portland we've been expecting more out of this team season after season.  So far we've got nothing but first round exits.  And so far this season it seems that we're up to our old tricks again, mediocrity..... Stay tuned.
masala716::Pretty damn well.  Remember in 09 when we won 54 games (incidentally our best season in recent times) when we had Travis Outlaw, Roy, and Aldridge?  Outlaw used to chuck shot after shot at the rim, but he had pretty good spacing and chemistry with Roy and Aldridge.  Let Durant shoot those shots instead of Outlaw.  Oh and if it didnt work out between Roy and Durant?  Easy, move Roy for an all star point guard.
Salvidor Bali::The Blazers knew about Oden's uneven legs.  One leg being an inch shorter than the other.  They also knew about Roy's knee problems.  They took a chance on both.  I wouldn't trade in those Roy years for anything.  He was solid.  But I lived in Seattle at the time the Blazers took Oden and I remember thinking they got the better deal.  Why would I think that Durant was the better prospect?  People in Seattle were thinking the Sonics were going to settle for Oden, and when Portland picked Oden they were stoked and snatched up Durant.  I don't think Oden was a better prospect, that's speculation, at best.  Doesn't matter anyway, we have what we have, and injuries have been a curse, but there's no time for $@%!$@%! talk anymore.
tdawg44446::At the time, Greg Oden WAS the better prospect. Pretty much any GM would've taken Oden over Durant, until the injuries happened.  Also, could you explain to me how Aldridge, Roy, and Durant would mix together??
canibul521::Blazers are on a long road to going nowhere
broyhofbound::Nate has done awesome with a consistently depleted roster, what's the issue?
Game....Blouses::until they get a new coach, it's an unfortunate truth.
tdawg44446::That's deep man.
Game....Blouses::Great win for my Blazers. It's a shame they are still going to lose in the 1st round though.
soloartist11::Blazers have looked great in the regular season
platachog::Yeah, it sucks having a coach that can't win in the playoffs. He gets out coached a lot, it seems. If they fire him, maybe we can get someone good to come in. Is Jerry Sloan busy?
platachog::There should be a sarcasm font.
platachog::I hate Van Gundy. His voice and points of view are annoying.
Game....Blouses::Yea.  It's hard to be sarcastic via online forums
tdawg44446::Jeff Van Gundy? Is that a joke?
platachog::Maybe he can come to Portland and we can finally win.
Game....Blouses::Jeff Van Gundy perhaps?
soloartist11::Lol still p.issing vinegar about D Will
Kobelies247::Yup
Game....Blouses::that's what we say every year, and it's still the same outcome.  Until they get a new coaching staff they're a one and done team.  I hate to say it but it's the truth.  They are the ONLY team in the Western Conference that hasn't gotten past the first round since the year 2000.
platachog::Hopefully LMA will be primed and ready to go. I feel like he's saving himself for the end of the season/post season. By then I think Crawford will be more comfortable in the offense. Hopefully we'll get it together soon.
Slurm Soda::It all depends on matchups
eathanucla::John Elway told Batum to " Pull The Trigger" lol
jsuze31::Solo i.e. sandusky's nephew
dankfranks_155::That was such a good line it had to be put up twice.
soloartist11::Oh dang...thought you were going to like your own comment again...
JustineS04::Bright spot is that Koufos played well.
soloartist11::Oh jesus GK...quit blaming AAA's turrible play on his foot
JustineS04::I really hope he's been hurt and that his game picks up mid season.
JustineS04::Oh AAA is hurt. I'm happy to hear that b/c maybe it means he hasn't totally lost his game.
jsuze31::Where's solo and ninja? cuddling next to a fire with "little boys" hahahahahahah
jsuze31::Solo i.e. sandusky's nephew
dankfranks_155::You i.e. Pee Wee Hermans Nephew
jsuze31::haha, solo your such a hypocite, your the one who started the little boy scenario dickless.  hahahaha
Slurm Soda::lmao. its funny seeing people fail at trash talking
dankfranks_155::And yet every comment youve put up the past 10 minutes has had to do with little boys
soloartist11::Haha I said you must be 12 years old because of how immature you are.
jsuze31::not as many times as your going to fantasize about little boys
soloartist11::Are you going to quit talking about little boys yet? Like your own comment again btw
dankfranks_155::You seem to have a lotta repressed feelings towards little boys.
soloartist11::Are you going to like your own comment again?
jsuze31::haha, your a pedo loser.
Slurm Soda::I see no comments about "cuddling with little boys"
jsuze31::actually $@%!$@ bag refer to earlier comments, hahah, your a $@%!$@
Slurm Soda::Says the guy who just came up with a pedophile scenario
Slurm Soda::Who would think about that?
dankfranks_155::Says the person that just imagined that whole scenario
soloartist11::Lol you got owned kid
JustineS04::GK sounds like someone just woke him up for the press conference. I wish he'd get angry.
wayde1213::blazers road record is bad but you look at the margin of loses on the road all but 4 of them have been within 2-5 points. so if they played just 1-2 better possession late on they would have a good shot at having 4-5 more wins
Calioyo::need to learn to coach after halftime
dankfranks_155::First they gotta figure out what the problem is on the road.
wayde1213::guard play has been a huge problem on the road, but i think 2nd half energy has been a killer the past 2, both at utah and sac we were ahead most of the game then got lazy in the 4th
WonTheDay::Portland vs Miami in the NBA Finals!
jsuze31::owned
soloartist11::Lol....
jsuze31::im not the one talking about little boys sandusky
Slurm Soda::You just talked about little boys.
soloartist11::Haha I'm surprised you didn't like your own comment again!
jsuze31::ninja, wow. can you say tool
soloartist11::Lol keep liking your own comments little boy
Ninja_Beard::Except that.
Slurm Soda::Anything is possible
soloartist11::Haha have fun getting tooled by OKC Portland. I'll see how much y'all $@%!$ then
cowpoke85::Funny comment... Obviously someone doesn't realize how good Portland is at home, not to mention they have beaten OKC in OKC already...
PortBlazerFan22::Remember the game Blazers won in OKC on January 3??...lol
wayde1213::portland beat okc in okc i doubt okc is going to come in here and win, although they will put up a better effort then Denver
jsuze31::oh so now your jocking another team? shut up solo idiot
MacArthurAutzen::How do you know when middle school begins? F'n pedophile!
soloartist11::Get to bed kid...middle school starts at 7:15!
WTDOregonDucks::I like tacos
dankfranks_155::Damn they beat denverby 20 but lose to sac and the D?
JustineS04::That was a lot closer. Denver has been terrible the past two games. They took tons of shots outside of the paint, very uncharacteristic. They played a slow game. Good job closing the game out by Portland though.
JustineS04::This didn't really look like Denver.
dankfranks_155::Thats what a lotta people said the first time Den and Por played
Mr. Mojorising::Now you wont talk so much s,h,i,t will ya Nugget fans?   -Karma
Mr. Mojorising::Pretty sure a guy doesnt have sweet in his name and kitty cat.
natesweet72::I am pretty sure Karma doesn't write letters.
jsuze31::denver should file bankruptcy and disovlve the franchise.  their terrible.
platachog::Jsuze31 should file for bankruptcy and dissolve his ESPN account. His grammar is terrible.  Dissolve* They're*  Grammar!!! :)
JustineS04::Yes, definitely, in fact, every team currently seeded in the playoffs should.
soloartist11::I take my comment back....Portland fans love to talk a lot of s.hit when some players get crazy hot from 3. Go f.uck yourselves Portland fans
jsuze31::ok your username is ninja. enough said.
soloartist11::This jsuze kid must be like 12...
Ninja_Beard::Whoa, I'm a Portland fan and I got props for Denver.  Though, certainly we have our share of d-bag fans who overrate the Blazers no matter how they are playing.
wayde1213::blazers road record is bad but you look at the margin of loses on the road all but 4 of them have been within 2-5 points. so if they played just 1-2 better possession late on they would have a good shot at having 4-5 more wins
jsuze31::Not really, just funny hearing you whine like a little $@%!$
wayde1213::yeah because portland got blown out when orlando dropped 17 3's on them. nope they did not. maybe if the nugs played some d the blazers would not have just owned them
jsuze31::maybe john elway can help them out!
jsuze31::hahahahha bitter denver fan hahahah
platachog::We won a boat?
dankfranks_155::Hahahaha did your $@% just abreviate the word championship to ship? Haha you dumb as hell my dude.
soloartist11::Lol y'all are acting like you won a ship....
WonTheDay::Yeah $@%! denver fans, little whiners
WonTheDay::PORTLAND GOING TO THE FINALS!  PS: DENVER IS OVERRATED
cowpoke85::Not to be pessimistic, but they have to learn to win on the road to go anywhere...
GoonSquadd::Why in the world did they pay Awfulo that money? He's garbage.
Mr. Mojorising::Nugget fans are the most dillusional in the NBA...they actually think they have a good team with the trash they have.
trevorcabo::But they have Andre Miller
Dovahkin1980::and Rudy "Spanish Jordan" Fernandez!!!! lulz   fhuck Denver as a basketball team, city, and crew, and if you wanna be down with Denver then fhuck you too!  - Tupac
Dovahkin1980::they think they won a January Championship or something. It's cute. They'll get a nice hard dose of reality when they're in the playoffs and it's the 4th quarter of a tight game and NONE of those dudes will want the ball with the game on the line.
wayde1213::northwest division all 5 teams 500 or better= best division in NBA hands down
WonTheDay::Blazer record for Batum of 9 3-pointers made in a game (Blazer record)
trevorcabo::No team will ever win a championship without a go to guy. Who does Denver have that can take over a game? They have no post presence and no one player who can win a game on his own. Good liuck in the future
MarcusXP50::The Nuggets will never win a NBA championship....true story.
soloartist11::And Portland is going to win anytime soon? Yeah f.ucking right
Beardedblazerfan::I don't think he is replying on behalf of Portland.
wayde1213::better chance then denver.  1 portland plays d 2 we have multiple go 2 guys in the 4th
nccanes73::At least when Laker fans troll they have a good team to talk about, but the Wolves aren't even good yet they troll
wayde1213::wolves are 12-12 not that far behind the lakers.
Mr. Mojorising::And Denver has the Rockets next. Another lose for the Nuggets. I love it. Lets hear those idiotic Nugget fans now.
soloartist11::Lol y'all are high as f.uck.
jsuze31::uh, yeah they do.  Their terrible.
soloartist11::Dude go suck it, two good teams played tonight. Nuggets absolutely don't blow
jsuze31::Agreed
OregonLou::Still wish we had Andre.
Sir_Toonces::AND THAT GOES DOUBLE FOR RUDY AND SERGIO!  MEOW!!!
OregonLou::Holy freaking crap !  Roy ran Dre and Rudy out of town !  They were both Great until What's his name started complaining....
bmosheman::Didn't realize the nuggets were 8-4 on the road.  that's pretty solid for the division they play in
Ninja_Beard::At least Denver can win on the road, unlike my Blazers that look like a JV squad away from home.
natesweet72::I am seriously bummed about the Blazers inability to win on the road, no doubt. Denver is one of only three teams in the western conference with a winning road record and they are all in the NW Division. Winning on the road this year is not anywhere near as common as it would be in a normal season.
wayde1213::Denver winning on the road is not as big as there conf record as that is huge in tie breakers
phatty3327::NW is the toughest
natesweet72::Denver is only 1-3 in division games.
wayde1213::8-4 on the road 7-9 in conference. lmao that is pathetic 7-9 lmao good luck with the rest of the west
