nikki_nik9::There are Knicks haters when they win and even more when they lose.
geeman217::You hate on champs.  Call us when the Knicks WIN SOMETHING!  Otherwise it's mocking...
wchughes95::Go sit with Dennis Rodman!
NaturallyAwesomeMetazine::Joakim Noah is a punk $@% b-tch. Look at his hair. Look at his actions.
geeman217::Born and lives in  NY...  Bulls got the best of NY just 1-game dude.
wchughes95::What does his hair have to do with it?
SeahawksOwnTheNFCBest::Bulls still suck
NaturallyAwesomeMetazine::he's only butt hurt because you did him without first asking for permission and applying lube. you jerky bulls fan.
hawsfan88::Yet another stupid comment. Bulls are missing Rose and Hamilton, not to mention they dissembled the Bench Mob, and are still doing great. You must be feeling butt hurt, go cry somewhere else.
SeahawksOwnTheNFCBest::yeah, Bull still suck!
espnrodeostar::So Noah played dirty and that gets Melo, Chandler,  Woodsen ejected? 3 for 1 special at the garden last night.
ScalabrineSwag::Melo was being a cry baby...chandler pushed noah and woodsen was a cry baby too. Noah got ejected too and got a T for complaining so you should stop complaining too.
hawsfan88::I agree, this guy is keeps crying but the thing is, the Knicks showed there frustration on the court by getting stupid fouls and then complaining afterwards. The refs had enough so they took action. That is their own fault for the how things ended up the way they did.
RyGuy102093::anyone who thinks this game was fairly officiated is a complete moron. I will admit i'm a knicks fan, but this game was ridiculous. Joakim Noah is such a dirty player, fouls on every play, and after he smacks the $@%! out someone and actually gets called for a foul once in a while he looks more shocked then taylor swift when she was interrupted by kanye. The Bulls knew they couldn't stop Melo cleanly, so they just hacked the $@%! of him every play and hoped the rest wouldn't call it, which they didn't. And everytime the knicks touched the Bulls, it was called within the nano second. I never usually argue about reffing but this game was a joke. Melo and Chandlers ejections were a joke as well.
kim_jong_un::All Shumpert did last year was hack Rose and he is your defensive stopper. And you want to talk about Noah dirty?
RyGuy102093::damn autocorrect.....coincidence not confidence
RyGuy102093::noah doesn't play dirty? if you watch that game, literally anytime anyone drives on him he just slaps them....that isn't defense. You're all moron haters, knicks always are hated, good or bad, because everyone is jealous of the best state in the country, new york. Knicks, Yankees, Jets, Giants, Rangers, all hated. Not a confidence. Only reason people don't hate the Mets and Islanders is because people feel bad for them. Everyone knows the only way a team like the Bulls could have won this game was playing dirty. Anyone who thinks the Knicks are pretenders are also stupid because they had close to the hardest schedule so far, are playing without 4 key players, and are still managing to be a top 2 team in the east.
hawsfan88::Oh look another cry baby. Go grab some tissues you GREAT BIG PHONY!
-Lalabye-::Joakim doesnt play dirty moron.
xBudRadx::Defense wins
RUserious-2::Whine, whine, whine!!!!! Joakim Noah didn't play dirty, he just played basketball.  Chandler, Melo, JR Smith, Wallace, and Kidd have played dirty all year, they just finally met their matches.  They got punked at home!  The whole NBA nation just sent out a loud LMAO!!!!!
Jets Knicks Yankees NY 1988::troll.
Yusef8086::the Heat are not concerned about the Knicks you guys haven't accomplished any thing accept running your mouths in the first month of the season you showed your true colors last night when faced with a little adversity the Bulls were giving yall the blues and stomping a hole in yall before yall starting acting like chomps even the your coach bowed out no character lol
Yusef8086::knicks fans really believe yall can handle the Heat in 7 false hope and wishing pay your dues
23johnr23::I stopped reading at Yusef8086
Yusef8086::i like that and thats coming from a Heat fan earn it and keep quit until you do it!!!!!!!!!!!
RUserious-2::When you crown yourself champions too early you become a target.  Every other team is out to get you.  That's why I hate hearing Knicks compare themselves to the 2011 Mavs.  The Mavs were just good players who stayed under the radar until they beat the Heat in game 6.  They didn't fight, they didn't brag, they just played basketball.  Knicks fight, complain, and brag too soon so no wonder they had a meltdown when things didn't go their way.
Yusef8086::i cant ever remembering the Heats coach ever getting ejected they handle defeat with dignity that's what happened s when you want something sooo....... bad and you realize its going to be almost impossible to achieve
sofiztikated::i stopped reading at "any thing accept"
hawsfan88::I stopped reading at "sofiztikated."
Im-Just-Guessing::http://musechase.com/top5nyknonbafinals/
RUserious-2::I'm not a Knicks or Bulls fan, but it was funny to see the Knicks finally get a taste of their own medicine.  They have won at least 5 games at the Garden with the refs help so they finally get a game where Stern's boys didn't give them a gift.  What a wonderful game!  Knicks beat by a younger, tougher team.  No help from the refs.  The old guys were either on the bench like old men should be or they were out there playing like old guys play.  YESS!!!!!
sofiztikated::well you can't start a comment by saying how neutral you are, and then clearly bash only one team.....sure the Knicks looked bad last night, they've looked great, arguably the best in the East so far this season. You can't live and die by one game
RUserious-2::Yes, I can say they suck because they are a very undisciplined annoying team, more so than any other team in the NBA.  Even the Heat haven't bragged like the Knicks or gotten as much attention so they brought the rath of  other NBA fans on themselves.  They're annoying as heck.  If they would just play basketball all other fans wouldn't dislike them.  The fights last night... come on, they're ridiculous.
sofiztikated::haha great insight from a Nets fan....shut up and move along
RUserious-2::Nope, my teams are in the West.
ScalabrineSwag::Are the heat fans gone?
hawsfan88::Yup, the Mayans took care of them yesterday. Now the world is a better place.
chitwnwest::not a bad feeling whipping the Knicks a.zz in the garden, kinda feel like ole times
RUserious-2::The Knicks and Spike Lee think the Garden is the NBA's home court instead of their home court.  They get so many ref calls there that they forget that there are other teams in the NBA.  They should have already lost at least 5 games there before last night so as a fan of a West team, it's good to see that those refs didn't give in.  It's hell when you don't have the refs help huh Knicks!
9erFan1988::How can you feel good when the spanking is on the reserves?
FoxKat93::Chandler, Kidd, Brewer--basically the team got spanked.
ScalabrineSwag::that guys statement is just whining. Not our fault that melo complains, jr smith fouls too much, and tyson gets ticked when noah owns him.
FLC-8R::Novak, 31 minutes played and 0 points. I guess he is the 0 pt specialist on the team.
FLC-8R::The ejections were at 4th quarter.  I guess you are saying Knicks starters are reserve level players?
chitwnwest::they on the team too
bullsbearssoxpurdue::definitely feels good to give them a spanking. their fans were becoming arrogant. the bulls had to show the knicks that they're pretenders not contenders.
ChicagooBearss::Chandler is such a wanna be tough guy!  he was pi.ssed off noah locked him down the WHOLE GAME!
Emoney321.000::Does anyone agree that that fisolaNYDN guy is annoying
doggbrown1::melo 9 years in the league and the only accolades worth mentioning is the GOLD medal he won with team usa. he's never lead the league in scoring although he jacks up as much shots as he wants. NEVER been out of the 1st round of the playoffs in 9 years. OVERRRRRAAAATTTTEDDDDD.
-Lalabye-::Bulls fan here , and I think melo is better then lebron...
Miami-Star1::one thing you said is incorrect, he went to the conference finals in 09, but everything else is spot on
heatttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt::Knicks won't make it pass bulls in the east conference semi final
Emoney321.000::Has anyone seen roses new shoes yet? I bought a pair last week and they're awesome
heatttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt::he will be back somewhere around february or march
Miami-Star1::If Rose comes back i agree
Miami-Star1::Temple is leading the Cuse 83-79 with 8 seconds left
Emoney321.000::And now temple won! thank god, i hate syracuse so much
doggbrown1::melo wont be winning anything anytime soon.
Miami-Star1::Yep
Manuel Karem::By far the worst officiated game of the year. As a Knicks fan, I concede that the Bulls came out playing tough and out played the Knicks (this game). Regardless, the referee's did not call that game evenly, and eventually lost complete control of the game. Those refs should be fined and the money should be returned to all the fans who paid for that game. 100 dollar tickets for that show is a complete rip off. I love the NBA, and the league has been consistent so far this year, yet this game was a disappointment.
imagine606::The game actually was called pretty evenly. The only bad call that I can think of off the top of my head was the Melo one that he got ejected for arguing. However, all of the other calls were good calls, the Knicks players just had their fans fooled by arguing on them (for instance, the Smith loose ball foul where he undercut the Bulls player (Deng?), and just couldn't understand how he was called for a foul).
geeman217::Look you cannot push a guy down low from behind(Kidd) then act like you did nothing..  You can't grab jerseys, throw elbows (Chandler)...  Bulls put a tough defense on Knicks,  MADE Melo play defense. HE wasn't up to it...  If you can't play intense b-ball? Wait until Washington come to town...  Rack up wins
RUserious-2::I'm not a Knicks or Bulls fan, but it was funny to see the Knicks finally get a taste of their own medicine.  They have won at least 5 games at the Garden with the refs help so they finally get a game where Stern's boys didn't give them a gift.  What a wonderful game!  Knicks beat by a younger, tougher team.  No help from the refs.  The old guys were either on the bench like old men should be or they were out there playing like old guys play.  YESS!!!!!
Miami-Star1::some guy earlier said he loved the game, he said it reminded him of the 80's and the 90's
Miami-Star1::he just said he loved that it was physical
Manuel Karem::Remember there have been multiple refs who were later fired; for fixing games  in the 80s and 90s
doggbrown1::CHAMPION CONTENDER? NOOOOOOOOOOOOT
nba is the worst::So the NBA gives Carmelo a refund, removing one tech.  What a joke of a league
Miami-Star1::then stop watching, i don't get you dude, you complain about everything and continue to watch it, maybe you should actually watch the games before you claim everything is a joke, i have watched Dwight all year and he deserves all the free throws he is taking, you say it is the refs but it is not, so you really need to stop and start making sense
imagine606::nba is the worst - i'm a longtime bball player and analyst.  Sorry my opinions upset you - I suggest you lighten up and have fun!  For division 3 ball?
Miami-Star1::Your opinions upset a lot of people, even when great teams win you always say that it has something to do with the refs or the league is biased, i give credit to every team that wins and i don't use the refs as a excuse because i know they are humans and it is difficult to officiate a game
nba is the worst::i'm a longtime bball player and analyst.  Sorry my opinions upset you - I suggest you lighten up and have fun!
Miami-Star1::you said the Lakers get a lot of help from the refs and they take too many free throws, so that includes Dwight since he plays for the lakers
Miami-Star1::i am upset because you constantly criticize players and the league and keep watching it, tell me how that makes sense
nba is the worst::You seem upset.  When have I said anything about Dwight's ftas, other than that he's a lazy bum for not improving his ft%?
FLC-8R::Word!
nhukee::Thugs, all of them. Including the refs. The NBA sucks.
nhukee::The refs in the NBA seem to have more of an agenda to keep games close than in any other sport. They think it is making sports more popular, but it has just drove fans like me away.
Miami-Star1::The ratings prove otherwise, the NBA has been gaining a lot of fans ever since Lebron came to Miami, and the NBA is more global then any other sport in America
nhukee::I didn't watch. i read the article. DUH. 4X more people are watching the R&amp;L Carrier Bowl between Eastern Carolina and Louisiana Lafayette than watched the Knicks VS Bulls on a Friday night.
nhukee::Actually a good game so far.. you should tune it... ha
Miami-Star1::well those people watched a garbage game, i feel sorry for them!
nhukee::Look at the ratings...
Miami-Star1::I doubt it!
Miami-Star1::Then stop watching, DUH!!!
ChalupaBatmanMcAsterisk::Lions fan... The irony in calling someone thugs is hilarious.
ChalupaBatmanMcAsterisk::Fair enough. I wont put anymore salt in the wound. Hopefully they can lay down in the last game of the year.
nhukee::If it makes you feel better, I struggle everyday being a Lions fan. Thanks for calling me out...lol
ChalupaBatmanMcAsterisk::Now Im going to unlike it.
ChalupaBatmanMcAsterisk::Now I liked it. Fantastic try thought
nhukee::Says the dude who likes his own comment.
Miami-Star1::Rob Parker got suspended for 30 days
vermincaine::Clown should have been fired.
09Skeet::45 Pts in the 4th?!!?  Are you joking.  The Refs were definately trying to keep this game close.
iammyfatherson::garbage min
Miami-Star1::did you watch the game?
niner4eva1975::haha we own the knicks...b!tches
vermincaine::What if Michael Jordan didn't retire in 93?
The Zink::Federal indictments?
ChalupaBatmanMcAsterisk::The Rockets have two less rings.
Miami-Star1::Then he would have 8 rings and 36,000+ points
vermincaine::Probably close to 40,000 points.
ChalupaBatmanMcAsterisk::The main thing I hate LeBron for is that we are the same age and he just a little bit richer than I am. Just a little bit though.
vermincaine::He will go bankrupt in 10 years.    Haters,
The Zink::99% of the time when a player skips college I say "you idiot."  But if Nike offers you $80 million to do it .... come on, who says no to that?
ChalupaBatmanMcAsterisk::Sick thing is, I thought LeBron was unreal in the early years with the Cavs. Now its a whole different level. His size and athleticism alone are scary. Put basketball talent with that...
The Zink::There were glaring holes in his game for a long time because of that choice, but they do seem to be going away, like (most of) Kobe's did.
ChalupaBatmanMcAsterisk::I would hope no one. He'll make more money in endorsements than anything else.
nba is the worst::No question lebron made the right move financially
iammyfatherson::@ nba is the worst last night i heard a bandwagon heat fan say old age wade&gt;barkley in is prime because barkley is comparable to Love and since wade is better then love=  old age wade&gt;prime barkley
The Zink::Barkley was so unique it's just unfair to compare anybody to him.  What a beast.  That 2nd year in Philly, he and Moses combined to average 25 boards a game ... what a fun night at work for opponents.
seansean145::Barkley was a much better player than Love, it's not close. You can't compare Wade and Barkley as players.
Miami-Star1::They play different positions
Miami-Star1::Wade is better
Miami-Star1::You are a Hater that makes no sense, give Wade credit for being good, i give all players credit, Reggie Miller flopped all the time and MJ pushed off a lot but i don't care, i respect them for that
nba is the worst::^delusional homer.  Barkley didn't flop.  Name one starter that's been fined for flopping, silly
Miami-Star1::Wade is better at scoring, Barkley flopped too, and Wade can pass better and Block better and can steal better, so Wade is better, and it is funny that no Heat players this year have been fined for flopping, i forgot because they don't fool
nba is the worst::Wade was better at flopping, Barkley at everything else
Miami-Star1::I don't believe that, i mean Wade was just better in his prime
iammyfatherson::u dint get me dude as miami fan love wade  but sayin and agin wade is better the prime barkley
nba is the worst::Barkley at his best was amazing - too bad MJ was better
Miami-Star1::he was amazing at never winning a ring
Miami-Star1::What is with all these players injured this year and have not come back yet, like Wall, Dirk, Nash, Bynum, Amare, they all should have came back already
FLC-8R::And they were making fun of Lin not playing at 85% lol
The Zink::"It's this insane compressed schedule!"  No wait, that was last year's excuse.
uponthemountain::Chicago over NY all day!
vermincaine::All the goons acting up like they hate LeBron,  really like him... They're the ones who propelled him to #1 in Jersey sold. They're all wearing Heat #6, while typing their messages.
ChalupaBatmanMcAsterisk::LeBrons #6? I thought he was #23
ChalupaBatmanMcAsterisk::Cant knock him for that. Both beasts.
The Zink::Changed from Jordan's number to Erving's.  At least when he honors somebody, he goes big.
The Zink::I own only one 6 jersey, and it's Dr. J's.
vermincaine::Uh uh!
The Zink::You would think Kareem would take more crap than Lebron for dumping a small market team *after* he'd already proved you could win a title there.  Different world, pre-Twitter.
The Zink::Hey, he said stupid things when he was young .... we've all been there.  The worst you can say is he was no more loyal to a corporation than Kobe and Jordan were to their <i>wives</i>.
nba is the worst::Weird - lebron promised his home-area fanbase he wouldn't stop until he brought them a title - why would kareem get more crap for leaving after getting Milwaukee one?
Ontario925::With much better management even a small market team can win it all.
Miami-Star1::Who watched the movie 2012 yesterday on FX?
vermincaine::Only you.
Miami-Star1::it was a good movie
iammyfatherson::@ nba is the worst   no bro.. went down to -1.5 i was like no way in hell thats a trap    was laughing my $@% off on that board .. my friend loss 1k on his parlay and that game was the one that f.cuk everything up
nba is the worst::I was warning everyone that OKC was overrated due to the cake schedule - but that's overrated for you, no one listens
seansean145::You think every team is overrated, other than the Knicks and Spurs..LOL
iammyfatherson::i was thinking about what u said .. thats why i dint put my money on it thank you
geeman217::Deng was KILLING Melo yesterday...  Made Melo call-  "No Mas"!
Ontario925::I don't think Lebron James gives a rat's behind what his whiners,haters,or us think. He has a happy family with children and wife now along with an NBA championship ring. Time for the cryers to move on and get a life. By the way Merry Christmas you all.
mikevickisapepboy::Thanks I did it with LOGIC
Ontario925::Wow you thought of all that mikevick before you posted that? Incredible.
nba is the worst::He's not married - kinda lame IMO...
.New_York_For_The_Win.::And how do you know all that?
mikevickisapepboy::I watched the post game
mikevickisapepboy::You actually sound like him after he got knocked of the playoffs by orlando
Ontario925::I think he was already fed up after the Orlando series. After the Cavaliers lost in the NBA Finals against the Spurs. He already knew the Cavaliers will never win an NBA Championship as long as Dan Gilbert runs them his way.
The Zink::Frankly I think that's the biggest sign of his maturing as a player, he's finally learned to ignore what the universe thinks of him and focuses on his teammates and coaches opinion, the only ones that matter.
mikevickisapepboy::Yea cuz your his publicist , he thinks like that after he smokes his pot, other than that he cares
Djuki 3::UFC fight tonight Shae Verkunt is facing Sal Teebalz
nba is the worst::I'll go with Shae!
vermincaine::Damn ESPN really jump the shark with that Acapela group singing Tim Tebow... Are there any adults working at the network?
.New_York_For_The_Win.::No good games for tonight
The Zink::Washington / Boise St.
ChalupaBatmanMcAsterisk::Falcons/Lions
ChalupaBatmanMcAsterisk::Mine was more of a joke. Screw the Lions.
Djuki 3::heat jazz
.New_York_For_The_Win.::Easy for the Heat Chicago at Atlanta will be way better
.New_York_For_The_Win.::Don't get me wrong, I don't like Lebron, what he did was wrong, The Decision, told  Bosh to join the  Heat.I kind of hate him for that.  But leaving Cleveland was the best thing he could do
vermincaine::So, what if they talked about it?
Miami-Star1::It is not against the rules fool
nba is the worst::It's against the rules.
seansean145::Lebron tried to get Bosh to come play in Cleveland. He never told Bosh to sign with the Heat. Bosh didn't wanna play with the Cavs.
Miami-Star1::Exactly
iammyfatherson::he told bosh to join miami?? where can i see that actual conversation
Miami-Star1::Does it matter, we got the players fair and square, who cares and we won a ring, you have to get over the past
nba is the worst::iammyfatherson - nba is the worst - iammy, did you bet OKC the other night?  no bro.. went down to -1.5 i was like no way in hell thats a trap  was laughing my $@% off on that board .. my friend loss 1k on his parlay and that game was the one that f.cuk everything up -=-=-  I told everyone the Wolves were 5-0 ATS vs OKC in the last 5, and they were "that's old news, OKC has raised their game".  Then Westbrick happened (and Barea)
nba is the worst::Neither team got rid of 11 players, so could not have signed all three, silly
The Zink::nba is the worst - ha ha, the evidence is that Riley got rid of every contract but Jones' and haslem's.  smh  Because the Knicks and Bulls didn't maneuver to clear cap room that year, noooooo.
Miami-Star1::Lebron said he did not make up his mind until the day of the decision
iammyfatherson::nba is the worst - iammy, did you bet OKC the other night?  no bro.. went down to -1.5 i was like no way in hell thats a trap  was laughing my $@% off on that board .. my friend loss 1k on his parlay and that game was the one that f.cuk everything up
nba is the worst::ha ha, the evidence is that Riley got rid of every contract but Jones' and haslem's.  smh
The Zink::Miami-Star1 - Lebron never told Bosh to come to Miami, he signed before Lebron made his decision  Before he *announced* his decision.  Different thing.
ChalupaBatmanMcAsterisk::There was some collusion, no doubt. People just got mad because they were thinking how good they could end up.
Miami-Star1::Lebron never told Bosh to come to Miami, he signed before Lebron made his decision
The Zink::If they tampered ... no evidence they did.
nba is the worst::The Zink - It's pretty widely accepted that Wade, Lebron and Bosh talked about making it happen if the salaries could be worked out.  Which isn't even against the rules, so I don't see the problem. -=-=-  It is when you include Pat Riley
.New_York_For_The_Win.::Come on dude. He obviously did that
nba is the worst::iammy, did you bet OKC the other night?
The Zink::It's pretty widely accepted that Wade, Lebron and Bosh talked about making it happen if the salaries could be worked out.  Which isn't even against the rules, so I don't see the problem.
JaxFl45::It's like a wake in here. I'm off to more vibrant discussions. Later!
Djuki 3::let us know how exhilarating the Raptors board is
Djuki 3::started in the 90's for me at the height of the knicks heat rivalry
geeman217::Not enough Lebron talk for him....  You know Basketball only started in 2010 to Heat fans
The Zink::I have to admit I didn't even watch The Decision ... I mean, I don't watch reality TV.  It's stupid.  And half the time when Lebron says something, I roll my eyes and think 'you'd be better off just not talking.'  But I know that everybody who writes him paychecks WANTS him to keep the hype machine going.  The Heat, Nike, the league ... you think they want him to be quiet?  And who's he going to listen to ... Nike or whiny kids on the Internet?
ChalupaBatmanMcAsterisk::I understand the situation fully. All I had to do is not watch it...which I didnt.
The Zink::Exactamundo.  All that happened that offseason was a free agent changed teams ... big deal.
mikevickisapepboy::Dirk showed up lebron in the nba finals. That is what determination does. LEBRON = Coward
mikevickisapepboy::There is a need when you act like a smart $@% and look like Rob Corddry
mikevickisapepboy::Yea leave that business crap to management. He was an idol in cleveland fans not a business deal
Ontario925::Grow up and get a life. All sports is a big business today and winning a Championship while you are young is a once in a lifetime oppurtunity for most players. There is no crying in sports when it comes to what is fair when it comes to seizing oppurtunities.
mikevickisapepboy::You prefer scotts cause you cant afford charmin
Djuki 3::no need to make fun of my finances =/
iammyfatherson::i bet his crying right now SMH
The Zink::Here's your Kleenex.
The Zink::You mean your next Huggy?
Djuki 3::i prefer Scott's
mikevickisapepboy::thanks wheres my charmin to wipe my @$$
MSU SPARTAN PRIDE -- RABBIT NATION::SUCH THUGGERY BY THE KNICKS ITS RIDICULOUS
The Zink::Like all other NBA skills, even thuggery has declined in this era.  Because Ewing and Oakley would fall down laughing calling that 'thuggery'.
The Zink::JaxFl45 - No one cares about those old dudes. Stop bring them up.  Make me.
geeman217::JaxFl45 - No one cares about those old dudes. Stop bring them up.  ____________ Yeah we know...  You love you some Lebron...  Basketball started in 2010...
JaxFl45::No one cares about those old dudes. Stop bringing them up.
JaxFl45::Well, I don't care about the haters. I love me some Lebron James. Whining won't change that. It's a waste of your keystrokes and I could be reading something that matters. Give it a rest already!
Ontario925::I actually was surprised to see a Cavaliers fan from the northeast Ohio area post a comment about a week  ago that respected and agreed with Lebron James decision of leaving the team because he was wasting his talent on a team with Dan Gilbert that would never provide him a chance at an NBA Championship. That proves that not all Cavaliers fans hate him for the decision he had to make.
Radray12::I know it's because the game was out of hand and it was over but wow 45 points in the 4th
geeman217::Garbage time points  Misleading #'s...
geeman217::Radray12 - That's what I said  __________ OK..
Radray12::That's what I said
.New_York_For_The_Win.::I don't understand why Cavs fans hate lebron. Lebron gave them so much
Djuki 3::well i can see why they're upset. before Lebron, the Cavs had i think about 14 fans.  after Lebron, tens of thousands! now it's like 27 fans
The Zink::Kobe wouldn't have played a day there if he'd been drafted to a small market.
ChalupaBatmanMcAsterisk::Vlade dade, we likes to paaty
Djuki 3::Ginobili spent summers with Divac perfecting the art of the flop
seansean145::Djuki 3 - Lakers got robbed in that trade, they gave away the best center of all time Vlade Divac!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  LOL...Vlade was awesome.  His flops were funny.
Djuki 3::Lakers got robbed in that trade, they gave away the best center of all time Vlade Divac!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
seansean145::Kobe didn't wanna play in Charlotte when they drafted him.
nba is the worst::Had something to do with him promising that he would't stop until he brought them a title, and then leaving in a hour-long TV special
ChalupaBatmanMcAsterisk::Dont take that as me hating on LeBron. Just the whole situation made me mad.
ChalupaBatmanMcAsterisk::Im not butt hurt at all. LeBron in Chicago would have been fantastic but to make that big of a deal about signing with someone??? Come on. I know it wasnt all his fault.
The Zink::Yes, the reality TV show was pretty stupid ... but it's not like he invented those any more than he invented free agency.
ChalupaBatmanMcAsterisk::I didnt care about his choice on where to go. It was the hour long TV special.
The Zink::That is 90% of the Lebron complainers, butthurt Bulls &amp; Knicks fans that were *sure* he was coming.
Djuki 3::hold on one second bro, don't tell me that if he said he was taking his talents to chicago, you would've felt the same way
iammyfatherson::seriously u blame him for leaving.. the only knock even HOF have against him was the decision thats it..nobody blame him for leaving..
ChalupaBatmanMcAsterisk::I remember hearing about "The Decision" and I was like... What the fuu..?
The Zink::He signed an extension that *nobody* else would have given Cleveland.  He just didn't give 'em two.  Boo hoo hoo.
Ontario925::I'm not a Heat fan but don't blame Lebron James for leaving his home area because your stupid team management of Dan Gilbert didn't give him a team to build successfully around like Michael Jordan and Kobe Bryant. It is a matter of time before Kyrie Irving might leave too.
.New_York_For_The_Win.::Agreed
razzledazzletj81::Three guys took 72% of the shots and one of them wasn't the reigning 3 pt champ. Glad I missed this one on TV.
The Zink::The worst thing you can say about Lebron is that it took him so long to figure out his basketball career would be in better hands with Pat Riley instead of the Quicken Loans guy.
ChalupaBatmanMcAsterisk::And if he thinks he is fooling anybody with those headbands, he's crazy.
nba is the worst::Well, you could mention quitting in 2010, and the alltime Finals scoring decline in 2011  derp
The Zink::Glad you recognize we're both expressing one.
nba is the worst::Opinion.
The Zink::His 'quit' isn't even in the same league as Kobe 2006 or Pippen's "wahh if I don't get the last shot I ain't playing".
