jjm2189::Lavoy Allen needs more time on the court.  This guy is really humble and unassuming, and it keeps him out of the spotlight.  He was a picture of consistency in his college career, and as a rookie in the NBA he shocked ESPN into giving him an apology interview after rating him Mr. 500. He's a mean defender, a rebounder (all-time rebound leader in Temple history, not his fault he graduated with Kenny Faried), a scorer in the post and from the 3-point line, and Coach Dunphy said Lavoy might be the smartest player he's ever coached, after coaching at Penn. He's got size, length, power, and a great head for the game.  Give him more minutes and the Sixers will win games.
johnnywalnuts87::He sucks. We shoulda shipped him instead of nicky. I was so pissed when they got rid of him. Cause coach colling would never let him get his feet wet.bye bye coach
ItsConor19::Play yourselves out of a lottery pick Pistons... way to go
Cracksal::ItsConor19 - Play yourselves out of a lottery pick Pistons... way to go  Lets break that down real quick- for one, teams that dont make the playoffs are guaranteed a lottery pick. I dont think one game is going to land them the 8th seed lol Second- One game isnt going to make much of a difference. OOOOO, they lose like 10 ping pong balls? Thats silly. Third. If you land in the top five as far as ping pong balls. You have just as much of a chance to win the lottery. Especially if youre in a major market. Ill settle for picking 2nd or 3rd.
RZA_CONSOLE::anyone in deetroit want to trade drummond for bynum?
Cracksal::Were not Sactown.
thehandsomejason::nope
ZennMasterLurch::Wouldnt even take him at all...wont play
Detbigboy313::Noopppee
dlangmeyer::no
allidapd::Way to go Pistons... You keep winning when it doesn't matter. Just hurting are chances in the lottery. We should be trying to score on our own basket. Trying to solidify a top five pick.
Cracksal::Why? They always land the good one that falls. They havent even held the lottery yet. Quit being overdramatic.
thehandsomejason::Ok allidapd......So whose a bonafide stud in the draft this year? Noel? I don't see anyone that worthy. Weak draft class. Win games now. Two extra wins isn't gonna change the franchise.
Cracksal::If you have the opportunity to take Noel, who would compliment Drummond WAY more than Monroe, and with the injury has an excuse to sit a year and learn the game- you take him. See how teams think its a freeway to the basket up the lane whenever Drummond is off the court? Yeah- that doesnt happen anymore. Id prefer Victor Oladipo just off his defense and athleticism, but if you land the first pick- you can always sign a poor mans version of Dip in Tony Allen.
achitturi_hotmail_com::What an awful trade. Getting Bynum and shipping out Iggy set the 76ers back years and erased all their progress. Gonna take a while to recover from the effects of this one.
Cracksal::Well, they had Evan Turner awaiting in the wings- and Iggy still has an option for next season. They took a chance on Bynum-it didnt work. Thats how business works. Sports=business.
thehandsomejason::How much longer did Iggy have in Philly? Even if he stayed a while, what's the outcome gonna be. 2nd round losers year in, year out? I'll give you it was a terribly unfortunate trade, but at least you have plenty of cap space to sign a stud or two(not Bynum though. he's a a half-ased professional)
achitturi_hotmail_com::and worst of all, it was clearly apparent to many fans how bad the trade could be. We got rid of our locker room motivator and top scorer for an old, washed-up player who is hardly a motivator and can't even step on the court.
HOTSHOT 31::Who will sign WILL BYNUM?
thehandsomejason::i like him. Hopefully Pistons.
GeorgeTownDC29::Dont know how much of a limb I am going out on but Monroe will be an all-star next year. Too much of a Beast especially with someone like Drummond down low with him instead of a bum like Maxiell
thehandsomejason::That's a lil bit of a reach. It's no lock he's an all-star. Especially if the Pistons remain cellar dwellars. Now, Gores said they're ready to spend so that's a good sign. Off season is gonna be important this year. Whether they do anything or not, it's gonna have an effect on the next 5 years at least.
phillyman08::We needed this loss to stay ahead of the blazers for the 11th pick! lol
TheJTram::Drummond fouls out for the 1st time....what an achievement lol
Philip3664::Sigh.......meaningless win
ttemple40::we'll be stuck at 8th or 9th and hopefully get lucky for the 4th year in a row
mattcowboys77AD::We won the series woohoo!
NolaJag::Only the top 3 are the lottery picks done by ping pong balls, then the draft plays out in normal draft order. Thus the pistons can only be 1-3, or where they are now, plus the potential to be farther back.
TigerMichLion111::bballgun2 - statistically impossible for the pistons to get the 4th pick  ?
bballgun2::statistically impossible for the pistons to get the 4th pick
mattcowboys77AD::I believe Stern will give us the 4th pick.
Philip3664::lol, yay
JBirks003::6ers got the wrong Bynum
JimDetroitFan95::Nice win Pistons................................?  You can't tell the players to lose on purpose..
QuickSnipeHD::My condolences to 6er and piston fans.
GeorgeTownDC29::Hey Pistons, its nice to see Monroe and Drummond beasting to end the season but we finally caught up/ (caught down?) with you guys. should make for a fun final week for ping pong balls
Izaman5000::Pistons need to fine a way to get an elite wing player...somone like Eric Gordon or even a Matt Barnes.
ZennMasterLurch::i thought you said elite?
TheJTram::Eric Gordon is a 2 guard. Also, there arent that many great wing players available from free agency
JBirks003::lol Allen
mattcowboys77AD::For the Red Wings fans http://9gag.com/gag/7061106
denn19641::Hope they continue the tradition.
JBirks003::I think Lavoy Allen misses shots on purpose to pump up his ORB stats
TheJTram::I hope Drummond can increase his FT% to the high 50s next season
mattcowboys77AD::He really needs to get on top of that.
2215Tommy::Monroe has the ability to do this every night. If he can figure out how to be consistent, and put up these numbers he and Drummond will be the NBA's best front court in a couple years.
JBirks003::These teams might have one synapse between them.
beelzasigil::Pistons playing like they don't have the substitute teacher; boss msut be in da house
Philip3664::LOL Andre
bburwell00::this roster is garbage besides Drummond.
ameyakinikar15::he jealous that in a few years detroit will have the best front court in the NBA
Philip3664::Monroe??
JBirks003::Only the 6ers can make the pistons look this good
TheJTram::Moose finally found his groove
Philip3664::I wanna see Greg do this more often next season
bburwell00::Faster and Greg Monroe in the same sentence doesn't work.
phillyman08::youre playing against a team that just found out their coach is quitting after this year...what do you expect?
Egan1024::he got run out of town...not happy about that
MansGame5313::We need to play much faster next year.
ttemple40::pistons may be the worst team at tanking ever
ttemple40::would have been nice two months ago, its pointless now
mattcowboys77AD::This draft sucks nobody to tank for. 5-10 picks are good enough for me.
MansGame5313::I hate tanking I like that they are winning
TigerMichLion111::For real....this is kinda depressing watching them play good lol
mattcowboys77AD::Alright Monroe, we will give you a nice extension...
TigerMichLion111::For one game?? He has to do this on a consistent basis...
mattcowboys77AD::Need to use our money somehow...
Maximus_Dreads96010::Woohoo Draft time for Today:  http://tinyurl.com/nba-free-draft-challenge4
Philip3664::NO
Joeb7853::Can't Philly play just one game this year like they give a crap?
Myfirstdeskpop::no
TigerMichLion111::Pistons you're supposed to LOSE
TheJTram::Damn Drummond in huge foul trouble. 4 fouls
Myfirstdeskpop::Pistons should just trade for Lebron, Kobe, and Durant. Easy. Make me GM.
KungFuZombie75::Royal Ivey, Charles Jenkins, Kwame Brown, Lavoy Allen, Justin Holiday &amp; Damien Wilkins...half of the Sixers roster couldn't make any other teams squad. Unreal, this season cannot end soon enough
Rafa386::This is the game that defines the season!!! Great and meaningful game.
sonofben91::Come on Pistons!!
KungFuZombie75::Who would believe these two teams have the 3rd &amp; 5th most wins in NBA history! Those days are long gone...
KungFuZombie75::it's been 30 years since the Sixers were good &amp; it pains me to admit but the Lakers are always good
TheJTram::Well...except in Kobe's prime in 05-07
Myfirstdeskpop::Lakers aren't a team, they are THE team
Myfirstdeskpop::a team cant be good forever, it comes and goes
Myfirstdeskpop::well seeing as we don't have any of the players that made us good it's a bit different
TheJTram::Tell that to the Spurs...they NEVER missed the playoffs and went on a 14 50+ win season streak ever since drafting Tim Duncan &gt;.&lt;
DJamesRuhere::I don't like the growth of Brandon Knight...I think the Pistons should look to trade him and draft Trey Burke with the 7th pick
DJamesRuhere::Burke is an underrated athlete...has a 6 5" wingspan..if he measures out to 6' 0" without shoes during the pre-draft test results I'd draft him with 7th pick
runninrebels3512::Pistons need a SF more than anything. Trey's not gonna get the job done with any team he plays for
mattcowboys77AD::wow do not give up on bk7 yet...need a sg/sf this draft.
t casey::Why Rondo? This year seemed to show that Rondo's lack of scoring ability is about as big a detriment as his passing ability is a help to his team when he's the number 1 option which he would most likely be here.
DJamesRuhere::To be honest what I'd really do is trade our lottery pick for Rajon Rondo...Boston's rebuilding and playing better without Rondo....I'd then move Knight to SG or trade him for a scoring SF
DJamesRuhere::looks lost out there
Myfirstdeskpop::Plz dont draft Trey Burke. Oladipo all the way.
Myfirstdeskpop::Well i go to State and no he's the worst player ive ever seen.
Myfirstdeskpop::Oladipo is a scary athlete, Burke was a skunk cant have that in the Pistons
DJamesRuhere::U don't think Burke will pan out?
DJamesRuhere::I like him too...both are undersized tho
DJamesRuhere::Pistons ideal off-season: Fire Joe D and L. Frank and hire Doug Collins and John Hammond
KungFuZombie75::you don't want Doug Collins! he will kill the development of your youth or just trade them for nothing.
weeks98::bucks? GM
DJamesRuhere::yes...he used to be Assistant GM for Pistons
Myfirstdeskpop::It'd be ideal if we got Lebron.
Myfirstdeskpop::Ehh only if they throw in Dwade too
weeks98::for stuckey
TheJTram::Doug Collins got resigned though =l
DJamesRuhere::yea...coached the Pistons before and did a great job...idk if he'd want to be a part of a rebuild though but I'd definitely go after him because he's a great teacher...just look at the growth of Holliday
FreeMoneyHereYes::i have made earned FREE money just by taking 10 minutes a day to do surveys. Join today!!!    http://tinyurl.com/cay92jq
ryannorsworthy::Anyone else think the celtics will beat NYK
t casey::Nope. If the Knicks have Tyson back healthy, I think that's a 5 game series tops. If not, it could go the distance.
Myfirstdeskpop::THIS IS ABOUT DETROIT-PHI. TALK ABOUT THAT. GO IVERSON
TheJTram::I have no idea to be honest. The Knicks had a long history in losing in the 1st Round the last decade but this year they're pretty stacked. Also, injuries have hurt the Celtics as guys like KG, Rondo, Bradley, faced injuries during the season. Also, KG and PP arent the players they used to be 3-4 years ago. But the Celtics usually step up in the playoffs
TheJTram::Wait hold on up....why did Drummond play only 1 measly minute in the 2nd? Kinda explains the Sixers comeback huh
Philip3664::Has 2 fouls
TheJTram::Crap forgot he was in foul trouble
TheJTram::Oh boy...we collapsed pretty badly in the 2nd
Philip3664::Damn Brandon you just let Holiday bully you
lovesports27::Two pathetic $@% teams.
sonofben91::Whod you bet on??
TheJTram::You gambled didn't you....next time...pick a game like Miami-Cleveland...the Heat are like an automatic win against them
TheJTram::Man we cant allow this many offensive boards
Myfirstdeskpop::Iverson was better on the Pistons.
Myfirstdeskpop::you just mad we got the good years
TheJTram::..... we gave up Billups for him... didnt work out
mattcowboys77AD::do not get me started
TheJTram::Okay...Nuggets on a roll this season meaning there's NO WAY Andre Iguodala would leave them... even with our cap space, he cares about being on a contender
BillyMaysHere92::I wonder if the Pistons should pass on this free agent class. It isn't very strong...
denn19641::J Smoove
Myfirstdeskpop::Kobe
