Tyler235235::im like a catholic priest, i like touching little boys bholes my name is magic112196
Tyler235235::magic112196 thinks JJ Redick is good.
Tyler235235::i like big $@%!$ From magic112196
Tyler235235::Dwight Howard is a little girl just like magic112196
Tyler235235::since when are they anywhere close to as good as DH? Were they all star starters?
magic112196::nah we dont need more guards we could pick up Pau Gasol or Chandler in the process
Tyler235235::like who? another JJ Redick?
magic112196::yaa actually we are winning games, and were doin pretty good with what we got so i cant complain, and if dwight wants to leave then let him leave we'll pick someone else up in the process
Tyler235235::still Dwight. Can't win on his own team. has to try to get traded. wont even wait for Free Agency.
magic112196::Tyler dwight is not a little girl he throw u and wrap u into a pretzel soooo?? whos the girl noww
Justus Zumbehl::ryan anderson is so bad!!!!!!!!!! he couldnt make a shot to save his life
Tyler235235::So are the Celtics, and every other team in the league. Except Charlotte.
magic112196::ya does JANUARY ring a bell? were alot better than we were two months ago..
magic112196::Alright?? we'll see come playoff time
Tyler235235::Does 56 points ring a bell?
Justus Zumbehl::ya and still kicking that magic butt
magic112196::That is total BS. magic are going farther in the playoffs this year then ur old ancient celtics in another 3 years Garnett, Pierce, and Allen are all gonna be in wheel chairs..
Justus Zumbehl::no one likes the magic the only good player is dwight Howard
Justus Zumbehl::the magic are trash
stickgril::Bucks dont even compare to Magic..They are expected to blow us out....
fliptide..::"<i>Dwight Howard, Magic edge Brandon Jennings, Bucks</i>  When is a <b>16 point win</b> "edging?"
hulKKNUPE::The Magic will draft Austin Rivers in 2013.
hulKKNUPE::Oooooooooo they beat the Bucks like 10 times in a row. They're gona wina Championship now!.........................Do I have to insert 'sarcasm'????
CandySparker::Hola Lotta Love!
Big 3 in Big D Dirk Deron and Dwight::Mavs future center (Dwight Howard) is looking good.
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::There is going to a alot of trades soon and guess who wont make any thats right the Mavs lol
J-SMOOVE2026::magic suck
DTangMF::Hawks suck
fliptide..::^  ^ You BOTH suck
zachzach2020::Looks more and more like the Magic will keep Dwight for the season. I don't think they see anything worth trading for. And as long as D-12 stays in O-Town, the more likely those in the organization (except for Otis Smith) can try to change his mind. If not, they will go Cleveland ( bottom out, then get high draft picks to rebuild).
Garrett7872::$250 Fantasy Basketball Free Roll League Tomorrow! - Pick Your Team Now http://www.fansaloon.com/index.php?s=nba&amp;ref=jb
edwinjacksonwinner::Trade Dwight now you fools!!! Trade him now!!!!!
t casey::If there are offers on the table for Dwight, they won't disappear before the trade deadline so the Magic are probably better off waiting until the deadline gets closer and teams become more desparate for a star to help them make a late season push like Denver did with Melo.
winterfresh98::Dwight should play for a small market team and be a mega star....look at Durant
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::no way they getting steve nash for a deep playoff run  offer a deal  he cant refuse
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::4-12 in their past 16. Come on Bucks!
JeremyGoogLIN::Who each team should draft - http://hoopsgrind.com/2012/02/25/blogging-through-ncaa-saturday-2-25-12/
cellus24::Dwight Howard is upset about all the questions he's getting about leaving orlando. He wasn't going crazy or anything but he was not okay with the questions at all http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Tcx3LMRN9k&amp;feature=channel
fliptide..::^ SPAM
mark - 11 - 24::Is it hunting season yet?  Can someone please put the Bucks out of misery - good grief do they stink.
todogg16::KOBE IS MOST OVERRATED PLAYER IN NBA BY FAR http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
disguyman::This game don't mean crap, they are playing a non playoff team and still lost the lead.  This team won't go anywhere by jacking up 3's all day.  All 4 on the starting lineup are 3 point jackers.  I feel bad for Dwight, what he feels every game, no penetration, 3's flying everywhere.  Hedo holds on to the ball way too long, Orlando needs to let that fool go.  Unleash Von Wafer and Ish Smith.
trizzo23::turk is great when not on a back to back...last i checked there are none in playoffs
Sixers1234567::Dwight is gone cuz he knows this team is nothing more than a 1st or 2nd round exit. They have no chance against the Heat or the Bulls... They lost to Atlanta in the 1st round last year with this same exact roster, now they are just simply a year older. ORL better hope they can somehow get Monta Ellis or someone else in his class WITHOUT having to give up Dwight or he is gone
ElArtman1973::no baby, wafer, clark last year, but hey some people like admitting they are dumb
J-SMOOVE2026::lmao!!!!!!!!!
trizzo23::last year jj was out last 20 games...turk had hurt elbow...j-rich got kicked out of 1 game ..suspended for 1 game 7 stiches on bottom of foot for a 3rd game...anderson was not starter and is way better...but ok ...listen to media and think what you want...
FluffyPantalones::you know your wal mart is odd when you walk through the food section and it smells like icy hot..
FluffyPantalones::17-3 when scoring over 100  2 of the 3 losses were close games in which we gave up over 100
lukep1123::this game taught us nothing, orlando lives and dies by the three, noone will beat them when they are shooting 50% from the 3, and the bucks are sitting on the wrong side of the playoff fence as always
ElArtman1973::we have half a dozen solid 3 poimnt shoooters. the 3s are always falling, its irrelevent to mention
IAMpunter2609::But when the tres aint falling the magic aint winning, understand yet trizzo?
trizzo23::no one else can shot them like magic ! thats why
IAMpunter2609::No its not the same for any team, we are talking east conf top 8 here, who else relys on threes like the magic?
trizzo23::is that not same for any team...if jump shot not falling..they lose ..stupid media line....just stupid..at least magic can shoot the 3...one of best shooting teams in nba
IAMpunter2609::Exactly if the tre's aint fallin the magic aint winning. magic = 1st round exit even if dwight stays and even if magic scrape into home advantage.
openminded43::Durant should have missed those shots he's missing tonight against the Magic the other night!!!
FluffyPantalones::the fall away off one foot...oops I dont know much time is left on the clock..so i will houst it over a defender thats 2 inches taller than me without jumping..
Masta Da Magician::Ok gonna go watch the Lighting OT game.. Goodnight everyone.
theprodctz::Yeah shame they won it in the end
korn7860::Hard to watch a team that has talent to be a playoff team, but cannot put the pieces together on the court.  There is a future for the Bucks, hopefully they can add an asset along the way to the 2014 free agency when we will have roughly 25m in cap space.
buckspackers23::Hopefully we get one of those allstars that is like: "I'll go play for a small market to prove i care, how about the Bucks" and then we start winning.   Genius plan.
FluffyPantalones::your gonna have to over pay a FA and hope he pans out...a la T-MAC...
buckspackers23::The Bucks shouldn't even play anymore.   They're the lifetime 9th seed.
tampasportsrule::Durant needs to take care of business tonight in Atl.
hyperk1d::He'll do to them what he did to us the other night. Dude shoots whenever he wants and it usually goes in.
DTangMF::Go Thunders
Masta Da Magician::Dwight is starting to look like he used to lately... I think he's come to a decision and he's at peace with it. Or maybe it's just me..
hyperk1d::He knows he's stuck for the season and so does most of the media. After the deadline they'll hopefully get their mental toughness back.
Masta Da Magician::He just seems a little more upbeat than he has all season.
buckspackers23::peace*  sorry, had to.
Masta Da Magician::Had already fixed it.
MagicBoltzRays::3 Stars 1. Howard 2. Hedo 3. J-Rich
buckspackers23::Ugh, retype: No, Chris Duhon was your MVP.
FluffyPantalones::ryan anderson is up there too..
buckspackers23::No, fucking Chris Duhon was your MVP.
IAMpunter2609::Can anyone blame jennings for wanting to leave?
g18247::Please trade him, Jennings wont stay and really is not a piece to build around unless you like being an Avg team with a shoot first, 6 ft point guard.
ElArtman1973::he sint all that
korn7860::He wants a team around him, Bucks did not have the means to do that this season, next seasons team will be much more competitive, reallistically still not top 6 in east.  Besides Bogut and Gooden, all players are on 2 year deals, you will match Jennings offer, so you will have roughly 20-30m in cap space in 2014.
korn7860::People need to stop thinking he wants to leave, he never said that, research the topic some more.
korn7860::we will trade him before he walks, we will milk two more years out of him before we trade him, unless we get an all star or top 10 pick back.
buckspackers23::^true, but theres only like a 30% chance he stays
buckspackers23::I think we just got eliminated from the playoffs, realistically. So, trade the whole team for 1st round picks.
trizzo23::only 3 wins back of boston and ny....and boston has real tuff road ahead...boston wont win 10 more games
Edward4515::Good bucks, tank hard!!! Gun for that top 5 pick.
Magicmike321::Good win magic!!
buckspackers23::Nice pass harris.
openminded43::I was just diagnosed with severe sleep apnia...... anyone have that???
pako1008::udrih is a dog
hyperk1d::Love when that happens. lol
FluffyPantalones::great shot...von wafer...
JimmerFredette4three::<strong>Live summaries about the draft prospects from today's games.</strong> http://hoopsgrind.com/2012/03/03/live-blogging-through-ncaa-saturday-3312
Masta Da Magician::I really don't think trading Lee was a mistake...The 2010 Magic team that lost in the ECF was much better than the 09 team that went to the Finals IMO. I just think we underestimated Boston and by the time we woke up were down 3-0....  Damn that series hurts... Badly... We would have had home court in the Finals... No doubt we would have won it all had we beat Boston.
ElArtman1973::rafer did start the entire series. jameer played like 10 minutes a game, and it was dwights idea to bring him back, in fact a demand
hyperk1d::But still. After being so close to being up 3-1 it really wasn't the worst decision in the world. Just wasn't the best.
hyperk1d::Yeah one of the few mistakes Stan has made. He's been a great coach so far though imo. He took a team that would've under achieved in 09 to the Finals.
FluffyPantalones::i dont blame him...i blame SVG for rollin with him instead of Skip to my Lou that got us there...
hyperk1d::Nelson gets a lot of blame but he was rushed back cause they wanted the guy who was an all star back. He should've been playing limited minutes off the bench. And they were still almost up 3-1. If Lee had made that lay up and Dwight had hit those free throws..
FluffyPantalones::Rafer starts the whole series...maybe we win it...and this Dwight talk isnt happening right now..
Masta Da Magician::Same here.. Losing that series was easily one of my worst sports memories..I underestimated Bostnn as well.. The Magic were playing so well up until that point.. I don't think anyone expected that.
FluffyPantalones::but would u agree bringing back a rusty, injured nelson in the finals was a mistake?
FluffyPantalones::thinking about Skip to my Lou couldve been an Orlando God...
Masta Da Magician::Oh no doubt... Stick with what got you there at that point.
Magicmike321::for sure
hyperk1d::Ugh. That game 3 was total BS. No effort! I turned it off in the first or second quarter in disgust.
FluffyPantalones::i guess Milwaukee can only get unathletic white bigs to brave the wisconsin cold....
WiscoMase23::brockman career high
FluffyPantalones::with 2 FGs...
IAMpunter2609::B U L L S H I T
buckspackers23::I hate the fucking Magic. They disgust me, they always shoot 20% higher than they normally do against the bucks, even if we're in their grill.
blackzilla24::Cool story bro
hyperk1d::Hey lets not start this now.
DTangMF::calm down
Magicmike321::So what you're saying is we are your Boston?
FluffyPantalones::u mad bro?
buckspackers23::Yeah I am, this is the most pissed of been while watching sports, possibly ever.
tampasportsrule::That was actually Drew Gooden who made that last post..Lol.
