palsy360::where r all of the confident lakers fan?
SHELItheGiantLOSER::HAHAHHAHAH LA FAKERS SUCK
NbaNflBoxing Lover::Hahahaha!!! This is TOO funny!!!
mattiice::They lost again to the Salt Lakers.
mattiice::Who do they play next? Don't they have a few days off that they can compete with a D league team?
mattiice::who are those guys that played the Jazz? Meat a wurld piece should be flakers MVP. He at least has his head on straight, the rest are clueless. Mike Brown is trying to make a 4 player deal to ship Nash, Kobe, Howard, and gasahol to Cleveland for his old players. Only player he keeps is piece.
olwildcory723::They should make a "dislike" button
Rip City Forever::The lakers may be the biggest joke "super team" ever. Wow.
Mayor of Knobstock::The problem is, as it has been for the last two years, the bench.
Loyal magic fan::hahahahahahahaha!!!!! lakers suck.
BroncosWillWinAFCWest2013::46 FTs for Lakers and Lakers lose by 9.... where amazing happens.
NbaNflBoxing Lover::Yep, the league has to stop that. Allow them to figure it out (if they can) on their own.
texan.person::So.............when are the Lakers going to fire Mike Brown?............
Magic are better than you::BWAHAHAHAHAHAHA
BudokaiJones::As an Orlando fan... this couldn't be any more hilarious.
PhantomNo1::1 - 81
BoisePanther34::Kobe Bryant Triple Double:  10+ Complaints to Refs for the bailout call...even though they been doing it all night. 10+ TO's 10+ Scolding select Teammate(s) about not catching his unexpected last-ditch effort of an errant pass that equated into yet another TO.
Sonic_Sooner::10 MISSED SHOTS.
Buffalobill78::The Lakers lost to some team last night.... Who was it again.... Ummmmmm, hmph, I can't seem to remember. Anyway, about the Lakers....
gatorfan808::You cannot blame the coach entirely.  Mike Brown is no genius but neither is Erik Spoelstra.  Erik Spoelstra has talent that is in ther prime, Brown doesn't.  You would think that a veteran team would somehow be able to pull things together easier, and sacrifice individual numbers.  The Celtics were able to do it early when getting Allen, and Garnett to pull together with Pierce. Kobe is a great player, but he may be the most difficult player to play along side with.  Mike Brown is not the best coach, but Phil Jackson's last playoffs, the Lakers were swept by the Mavericks.  The Lakers not playing well as a unit started before Mike Brown took over.
mjsanders::At some point if the geriatric Fakers continue to struggle like this, I wonder if D12 will regret not optin for FA this past summer &amp; goin to the Nets?  DWill, D12, JJ &amp; Crash would be a very dynamic, athletic &amp; in their prime core of players.  Kinda the EXACT OPPOSITE  of what LAL has now!  Faker Nation better start worryin @ whether D12 will reup next summer.  And to all the unknowledgeable fans screamin for MBrown’s head – @ some point you have to face the fact that (1) KB &amp; Nash have more mileage on them than I-95, (2) D12 just had back surgery earlier this yr &amp; (3) Pau had A LOT of chemistry w/ Bynum but clearly has NONE w/ Dwight!  Maybe y’all need to look at Mitch or lil Buss some?
ClipsAngelsChargers07::So are Lakers fans gonna start being Clippers fans?
RogerHarries::FINALLY! Kobe is back! 42% shooting. Now that's the real Kobe.
Ronslaught::aaaaaaaand lost. Way to go Kobe!
FootballKingFrans::please lakers keep your coach the west will be glad that its going to get easier now you suck
Celtics will reload::LMAO Lakers suck!!!!!!!!!!
miami360x::Finally, something we can agree on.
cha cha chia1234::hhahahaha some Laker fans attacked Jazz fans with pepper spray. BWAHAHAHA. If you can't fight pull out the pepper spray. lmao
goodboy222::Fakers : 1 win  Spurs : 1 loss  HAHAHAHH
darwin_was_adopted::until further notice  . . . pound da UNDER on LAL games.  $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
Jhunne::Pau's talent is getting wasted as a starter with nothing to show for but one or two lob assists to Dwight.  Let him anchor the scoring for the second stringers where it's non-existent.  Hill could be his replacement as the starter.  Unfortunately, the Lakers' coaching staff hasn't shown the ability to make use of the talents they have.  Coach Brown almost always sends in 4 second stringers with a starter and lo and behold from 2 - 3 points down, that swells to double digits.  I know he has to be aware of his starters' number of minutes, but, he's got to do something better that what he has shown so far.  Again, try putting Pau as the sixth guy where he can be more aggressive on both defensive and offensive efforts.  He is a capable leader as he's shown in his stint with Spain's basketball team.  Coach, please, try something like this, while the season is still young.  It may well save your job.
kllrzzzzz::Switching Pau and Hill is a good thought.  Unfortunately asking coach Brown to think out of the box is asking too much.
NYeltigre::Typical lakers fans, running away like girls..  http://www.ksl.com/?sid=22881815&amp;nid=148&amp;title=lakers-fan-pepper-sprays-jazz-fan-after-game&amp;s_cid=featured-3
SWWeatherGuy::It might have been lakerfresh.
kllrzzzzz::Get em Kobe you should be peaved.  Coach, if you're going to go all in on a victory playing your starters 37 min+ then you better win.  Its way to early to play that game!  Get a rotation and stick to it.  You can't be an undecided coach.  Having Darius backup on the road in Utah is like batting an average left hand batter against Randy Johnson. Duhon on the road, Darius at home! Metta taking more shots than Dwight and Pau??  Crazy!
jbWhatever88::Lakers 1-4 Wolves 3-1  and life is good
CaptSerious19::Nordiques.  Nice moves.
drinkbeernow::lakers looking up at golden showers, er, i mean state.
slogrind808::Don't believe the hype. With Dwight Howard on the team, a lot of bread is on the Lakers. They will limp into the playoffs and from there they will coast with the league and the refs support. Believe that.
mattiice::clip joint too.
Chris31708::Lakers without Phil Jackson or Pat Riley=exposed
mattiice::Exactly!
mattiice::Piece needs more shots, he is the Lakers best player right now. Kobe having issues with Mike Brown isn't helping. Nash still broke down and off the road. Think he is waiting to get some more Gasahol. Howard plays to get traded to Nets. Get Piece some more shots!
mattiice::the jazz== lotto team
NYeltigre::your spelling = Laker fan.
mattiice::The Lakers are what the whole league thought they were, and yes, the Lakers let's all the teams off the hook! They are who we thought they were, crown their Jazzzes!
earlealston::Two questions: Are the Jazz who you thought they were? And do you think LA let them off the hook?
Boodro87::What's the excuse now, Lakers?
sportspotpourri::Too many birthdays
Richie5385::Get your 2013 NBA Championship tickets for Heat vs Spurs on StubHub.
ThatsGoodSoup7963::I can't believe that Kobe is still playing at this high of a level. Pretty extraordinary stuff.
sportspotpourri::The Lakers cannot defend anyone. at all. Talk about the Princeton offense all youwant, but they cannot stop a runny nose.
lehmanator123::How are they this bad? They've HAD time to play together. It's called training camp and preseason.
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::But they didnt, it's called injuries.
Government_Cheese15::Dwight is DOMINATING these teams.
earlealston::And "those teams" are DOMINATING the Lakers.
slogrind808::Fellows, please don't be fooled. The NBA is only letting the Lakers loose, to cushion fans reaction to Dwight Howard. They will be in the Championship. That's why Nash and Dwight are there. I have seen it time and time again. They love Kobe, and plan on GIVING him annother championship this year...
olwildcory723::The refs were sure trying to give it to the Lakers last night. Only 54 points on non-free-throws, though. Refs gave Lakers 48 free throws to Jazz' 16 IN SLC! Hayward and Millsap were getting hammered every time, no call.
rodneycash2008::Yeah, that must be it.
crtech39::Princeton Offense = Wild Cat Offense.
Donnie Dark0::Warriors 3-2 Lakers 1-4  How times have changed... LOL
dazeofwar::I lol'd..
drogers44::Hubie Brown is out there.LA ought to get him. Say what you will about him, they WILL respect him as a coach.
sportspotpourri::No they won't. Hubie rambles on endlessly at this point and shouldn;t be on anyone's coaching staff. Great knowledge of the game, way past coaching prime.
suchita216::It is so hard for other players to shine with Kobe.
CaptSerious19::Love seeing the Lakers struggle.
sfurse77::Jazz didn't even play that well, Milsap, Jefferson and hayward combined for 12 of 36 from the floor And Lakers had 46 free throws to the Jazz 18.  If i was a Laker fan YES i'd be worried.
olwildcory723::I'm just happy that Jim Buss fully backs Mike Brown. Best news I've heard all day :)
Noondog112378::pretty humorous that an pro nba team is using a scheme devised by an ivy league school
olwildcory723::Hi Everyone. I'm just here to troll for Laker fans. Carry on.
Doomsville_666::Refs tried to bail 'em out too, no dice.
Meninga::werd. the jazz doubled the lakers in PF's. this lakers team is turning into a disaster.
