Paul Tougas::Olynyk is the real deal
Alex Frenette::CELTIC PRIDE
Neal Giordano Jr.::About time the younger guys got a shot.  One of the reasons the Celtics were bombing out recently in the playoffs was Doc's stupid insistence on burning out the veteran players with all the minutes.
Mark DeWar::Word !
Paul Tougas::Agreed, was at the game tonight and Olynyk looked pretty comfortable on the court.
Benedict Bryan Ongori::Gotta love how the youngsters are coming together. It's a beautiful thing to watch. This is supposed to be a down year in search of top draft picks...
JCorey Wilde::If we win the hype will really begin..
Michael Boxall::Celtics go 4-4 tonight.
Cire Royal Ceo::Celtics gone win
Chelo Mejias::Celtics win their 4th in a row
Benny Thai Tran::Boston Fans, you guys need to buy into Brad Stevens.  That dude will when you some games even with scrubs.  Back to back NCAA championship games with non McDonald players.
Mitchel Mejias Jr.::Those celtic fans saying our team needs to tank should shut the hell up, this team beat the NBA champs..they can beat anyone
James Michael Mulrey::Lets not go crazy they couldnt beat them in a 7 game series.  They prob will make the playoffs as like a 6 seed and unless they can trade some their picks or make a major signing to play with Rondo they could end up in a vicious cycle.
Chelo Mejias::James Michael Mulrey   What you're saying is opinion and heresay...what i said was fact...i like facts better....not "probably" or "couldn't"
Adriano Wind::Mitchel you da man!  Don't listen to the haters and fools out there. They are quietly disapearing as the Celtics show their true value! They will be the first to ride the bandwagon and make excuses if they win the title lol
Mitchel Mejias Jr.::Celtics are unstoppable. Hide your kids and Hide your wife
Bruce Faubel::If you want a bunch of players on your team that don't mind loosing every game look some where else! How did that Greg Oden thing work out? I'll take a coach and a GM with talent and heart any time! You can't possibly ask the Team that produced Bill Russel,Larry Bird and Kevin McCail to be happy to let the rest of the league wipe their feet on them. If you can settle for that go to the Lakers because with New Buss in charge that is the only way they will re-build.
James Michael Mulrey::Im a celtics fan and I love the heart they bring every night.  I love they play for the coach and the coach def seems to be NBA ready and caliber but the Lakers will always be the Lakers and despite Jimmy running them and not the late great Dr. Buss will not stop top tier FA's from going there.  Hell if it wasnt for David Stern they would be starting Chris Paul at  PG and not Steve Nash.  Also all of the guys you named as their greats havent played since 69, 92, and 93 respectively.  I applaud Ainge for trading away our players for the picks but all that is for naught if you cant turn those picks into anything of value.  Its worth it for the longterm point of view for this team to be competitive and finish as a bottom 8 team.  Im just saying
Ed Lewis::Brad Stephens IS a basketball genius...I mean any coach who can convince Jordan Crawford to PASS is a genius in my book.  Crawford with 9 assists???  I thought it was a mistake.
Ron Midgette::Stephens is a coach, not like Doc who would run his Veterans into the ground before he would give any young guy playing time!
Arnold Ndegwa::Ron Midgette amen!! one thing i didn't like about Doc is he never gave any of the young guys a chance..
Jen Connolly::Ron Midgette Stevens not Stephens!!!
Jake Thorndike::What is this team doing winning games? This is a terrible streak if you are a real Celtics fan that wants a championship team here again
Zach Frumkin::Dude so true... also a bad win for the Bucs tonight #MRSA #bucsnation #itsabucslife need that #1 pick
Mitchel Mejias Jr.::idiot fans
James Michael Mulrey::Mitchel Mejias Jr.  can I ask what you thought of the Doc Rivers and then the Paul Pierce and KG trade?
Jonathan Schofield::Felger and Mazz...............The biggest Aholes on the Planet
Sean Cooper::Say What!?? They talkin truth. I lived thru the 90s. We need to tank like the 96 Spurs.
James Michael Mulrey::Sean Cooper you mean like hte 96 Celtics who got Ron Mercer and Chauncey Billups?  Tanking doesnt guarantee anything but that being said Boston historically has never had goodluck making major signings outside of the Red Sox so they really do need to draft well because highly unlikely they get a big FA to come here that being said I would take this mature version of Melo or Lebron to play with Rondo in a heartbeat
Jose Mercedes::James Michael Mulrey exactly and they tried to tank 2006-07 when they tried to get Durant or Oden.
Clay Morris::baby seal clubbing time.. aka The BossTown Smackdown
Brian Lara::Celts.. You gotta slow down.. We need high draft pick..
Shanny Salcedo::If we win 30 straight games, should we still slow down?
Mark DeWar::so if they win WITHOUT the draft pick they should tank so they can get one ?? dumbest post EVER
Sean Cooper::Mark DeWar u cant be serious. If you dont have a top 10 talent ur not gonna win a chip. FACT. and NO RONDO IS NOT A TOP 10 TALENTT!!!
Tarik Mowatt::Kelly doing good tonight. Bring it home C's.
Ron Midgette::AB is NOT a PG! Let him play the 2 and watch this team win!
Shack Zaarur::WHY CAN'T I SEE THE IN GAME SCORE!!!!!
Mirnes Sibalo::Celtics win in a close one 123-62
Liam Sibson::It's kind of shocking how you almost got Boston's point total right.
Jacob Dockter::One thing that will win magic this game, is defensive rebounds. They far first in the league, and first in the league in offesnsive rebounds. Boston is very very undersized down low, and are basically tied for last in the east.  Just don't understand how or why so many people are picking boston, just makes no logical sense at all. In every area you look, Magic have the better team, and played better to my eye.
Billy Mclaughlin::watch. Another Celtics Buzzer for the win. Just watch
Duane Drew::they really arnt undersized. theyre undersized in there rotations. but they have actually alot of size in the 4 and 5 spots.
Casiano Servaz Tubana III::Nice fail analysis...
Adriano Wind::If these celtics can beat Miami in Miami WITHOUT RONDO (something Rivers couldn't do by the way), WIth RONDO they can be something special if they keep believing.  Don't listen to the haters, fools and shills in the media or elsewhere.
William LaMontagne::I was really looking forward to a high draft pick next year.  It's a shame teams get rewarded for being terrible.  They really ought to make it totally random and eliminate the max salary restriction.  It's the only way to get teams to always try.
Ron Midgette::I agree, except ,I think the teams that just miss the playoffs should get the higher picks. Like if a team is at the 9 spot, they should get the first pick and then the 10 spot team gets the 2 pick and so on. its only fair!
Sean Cooper::It's under their control, Dont cry about how the game (lottery) works JUST PLAY IT THE BEST!!!!!!!!!! (see 96 Spurs)
George Short::This may come back to bite me in the butt but after the 1St game I came on here said I thought Boston would win 25 to 30 games this year and I got hammered. But seems some of u r coming around to that thought. Just hope we keep playing good ball.
