trashami cheat::Gsdubb12,your a jack@$$.How does it feel to lose your 2guard to the Bucks,huh?
jack davatzis::its amazing how by adding a SG is changing rose into a pass first player...now we are seeing the true weekness of the bulls...boozer..and noah starting..  please trade that fool boozer and his most undeserving contract of any athlete ever.. and somehow make noah come off the bench, cause he is not a starter... and someone please tell him to stop shooting the ball...  id rather have last years bulls with rose driving to the rim,, than see him pass the ball to these fools.
Marcos4486::the bulls are trying out a whole new dif gameplan totally dif team if the heat tried something new like the bulls are the bulls wouldnt be good right now either
jamta09::If Rose is the best player on your team, I don't think you will win a title.......As good as he is, there are many more players that are harder to stop.  I don't think Rose is a top 5 player.
GsDubb12::Curry held rose to 14 pts, nuff said
ahamilton605::how is that enough said???  It wasn't Curry alone that held him to that first of all.  No one can stop him 1 on 1.  It was their team.  And secondly, he's a PG, not a SG so he tries to distribute the ball first.  If he wanted to score 30+ I can assure you that he would've.  His team was missing too many shots other than Deng and when he turned it on late, it was already too late.  I guarantee if the Bulls play GS again, it will be a different outcome.  Let's not forget that Curry was also going to the foul line when no one touched him (that time when he was shooting a 3 against Watson and Watson was called for a foul stands out the most).  The refs in the first few games have been terribly 1 sided for all the home teams.  It's been pretty ridiculous so far.  It's pretty bad when even Doc Rivers at half time is saying hopefully we'll get some of the calls  on our end in the 2nd half.  And the announcers were pointing out all the terrible calls too.  Something needs to be done about this issue cause it is affecting o utcomes of games and that is never good.  And there ARE NOT MANY MORE PLAYERS THAT ARE HARDER TO STOP THAN D ROSE FYI.  LeBron can't even do some of the moves that Rose has done in his dreams.  Rose is easily a top 5 player in the NBA right now.  And he gets better every year.  be haters all you want, but it just makes you look ignorant.
chillman7009::like lebron and wade.  and bosh.
Marcos4486::he actually is
jamta09::All jokes aside, perhaps Curry should go see the German doctor that Kobe saw.....He is such a young and talented player, I'd hate to see his career saddled by injuries.
bigjoel_2000::I'm not too worried about this game. The Warriors are one of those teams that gives the bulls fits. Look what happened last year... The bulls have only beaten golden state in Oakland  twice ever. I do like the comeback though but the turnovers have to come down and boozer needs to learn how to play defense instead of looking around for others to help when he's the one that 9 times out of 10 should be the helper when someone drives the lane
baseballfootball155::Rose screwing up my fantasy team with the 5th pick #tragic
ahamilton605::then trade him fool.  It's only 2 games into the season and I'm sure you werent complaining with his 4-6 from 3P range, 20+ points, 5 assists, 4 rebounds in the first game.  Just going off of my memory so these numbers may be a little off.
ronron99322::melo and lechoke r kings of the east, rose is a role plyr and needs a real superstar in his team cause hittin lucky winners like he did against Lakers aint goin 2 win him rings... he has the same skill set as lechoke but doesnt have the body so he cant do half the things lochoke can
ithreeputt::ronron loses ALL CREDIBILITY by mentioning Car-ME-lo.  Anthony is the most OVERRATED player in the NBA.
ahamilton605::since when do "Role Players" that are only 23 years old win an MVP??????  This was the most ignorant comment I think I've ever read.  Rose is easily a top 5 player in the NBA and the best PG in the NBA for sure.  You need to get a clue and stop posting if you don't know what you are talking about ronron.  And when does it stop being "lucky winners" if he "KEEPS HITTING" them like you just said above?  By that theory, I guess Jordan kept hitting lucky winners as well.  You are a fool dude.  And you are right, Lebron can do things that Rose can't do because he is 5" taller than Rose, But Rose can do things that LeBron can't do as well.  Like get to the lane whenever he wants, since he is one of the fastest players in the NBA.  Rose can also cut on a dime, unlike LeBron.  And let's not forget the age difference.  Rose isn't done getting better, but LeBron has likely peaked already.
baseballfootball155::U kidding? role player is someone like Kirk Hinrich. Rose is a star, role player means big factor off the bench
mccoywajmu::rose is a role player? wow...and melo is a king? wow..
Thong_Pounder::The Bulls seriously need to make a move for Howard.
jack davatzis::no matter how deep you are...boozer and noah starting for your team, you aint gonna win jack....  boozer is wortheless..  noah is a bench player.  PERIOD
ahamilton605::Absolutely without a doubt do NOT need Howard.  I'm sick of clueless fans saying that.  They have arguably the deepest team in the NBA right now.  That would change dramatically if they made a trade for Howard.  The Bulls have a deep front court, which obviously Orlando would want a piece of.  The Bulls would actually be a worst team if they traded for Howard.  Put that talk to rest dude.
1908gocubs::if true, thats the stupidest thing ive ever heard. howard is rich as fudge, he doesnt need adidas.
Ramzi598::http://articles.businessinsider.com/2011-12-26/sports/30558134_1_shoe-industry-howard-and-rose-market
Ramzi598::Lol, It's been known that Dwight has wanted to come to Chicago, but an Adidas spokes man stated that Dwight and Rose can't play in the same market because Rose "owns" the Chicago market, they said they might have to void his contract if he comes to Chicago becuase its bad business.
mccoywajmu::how are you going to make a move for a player that doesnt want to play for you?
mccoywajmu::see my immediate comment below
jboogie2161990::boozer+noah+1st round pick for dwight howard, this team will be unstoppable
mccoywajmu::its not about being his best friend clown dwight gave a list of teams he would sign an extension with thats dallas LA and NJ..where do you see Chicago on that list?
mccoywajmu::sigh...smh...dwight doesnt want to play here.....when are people going to grasp this?
jboogie2161990::sorry I'm not best friends with him like you are
mark.lal::i like where u goin...
Mounders::Got get use to this.. Late start on the season and lots of back to back games.  Its going to test these guys.
sh00k 1::i dont know whats up with the bulls, theyve been real sluggish coming out in the first half. been badly outscored both first halves of each game. thyre giving up a lot of points, and not scoring. 2nd half they usually start to pick it up, but it was too little too late last night. hope they fix this.
Mad31nD3troit::Look at it this way Chicago fans who are saying it's only the second game of the season, if this were the Heat that lost everyone would be yelling how much they choke and how they wont win the championship. Every game matters if you don't want to be criticized.
PlayerPresident1::dude, shut up and root for your pistons.  oops, my bad they don't have a snow ball's chance in hell at doing anything for years to come.
buller23::the heat get so much criticizing because their the ones who said their going to win not 1 not 2 ,3,4,5,6,7,8. they put the bullseye on their back. chicago fans r smarter than heat fans when it comes to bball. weve been through this b4. we realize it takes time 4 a team to mature. to win championships. iam sorry people r calling lebron a choker. but he is 0 for 2 in the finals. the bulls got their 6 times and never lost. and when rose gets their he wont lose either
Chi Town Stand Up::everyone as in the same trolls going crazy on this board... Not the real fans...
mccoywajmu::Yeah everyone would be criticizing the heat..but at the end of the day it doesnt matter....game 2 doesnt matter for any team...no team is gonna look back and say "Man game 2 was really detrimental to our season.." doesnt work like that...so people can talk as people do but have the people on this board dont even watch basketball..cant even have a conversation about it thats why their comments are always so shallow
ttecza::It is the second game of the season. And yes, the Heat get jumped on more. Only because of the self proclamation.
ttecza::Back to back road games are tough no matter who you are. Yes the Bulls played bad. Probably will happen again with this abbreviated schedule. Its going to be a long season in a short period of time. Adjusting will be the key. Lets see how it plays out.  I am liking it so far.  Go Bulls!
inouyasha29::like i said drose wish that is going to be the mvp again this year. because you got that reject hamilton and y'all thought it was gonna be all good. LEBRON is back baby!
mccoywajmu::Lazy?  Im sure they are in much better physical condition then you have ever been in during your entire existance
inouyasha29::shut up! the lazy bums just have to suck it up. you guys are lucky shobe didnt make that shot on sunday.
ttecza::I know. You live in a perfect world. Kudos to you.
NELOZA::<b>Knicks &gt; Bulls  Melo + Amare + Chandler &gt; Rose + Scrub1 + Scrub 2</b>
buller23::u r clueless. knicks will NEVER win a title with dantoni as coach. they dont play defense. melo is not going to score 17 in the 4th every game. i would not trade 1 bulls player 4 any knick including melo. d rose will win titles long b4 melo ever does. and i just glad the bulls didnt get d antoni. tibs is a way better coach who holds every player accountable including rose
baseballfootball155::Im a Knicks fan, and I think the Bulls are better than us by a decent margin. Rose would torch us and we dont have a giant frontcourt advantage
Mounders::Rose + Deng+Boozer &gt;  Melo + who ever doesn't have there mouth on Melo's ho ha.
woolski78::Knicks better than the Bulls...hahaha...will see
Rich Sizelove::The truth is they should be better... but unfortunately for you guys, hype has never won basketball games before...
inouyasha29::so much for booger to talk trash, how is going to come back strong after what happen in the eastern finals. and by the way so much for the mvp rose going to wish that he is going to win it again this year after the way Lebron is playing right now.
buller23::uneducated
Jesus24256chuto::Just one game calm down kid
sportspotpourri::After watching this Warrior team on Christmas, I knew the Bulls were in for a tough one. As Rip get used to this offense they will score more consistently, and Boozer needs to play some defense.
Chicagocold312::man if boozer doesn't step his defense up he needs to be benched. Oh my goodness how are you going to call yourself a pro when you go for the pump fake and get driven to the rack like he did by david lee, Who does that any more?
Chicagocold312::Curry should have sat out, trying to rush out and play the bulls looking to show them up. That's why he got what he got.
JackieChanSays::you wish your team had curry you chucklef.uck
mccoywajmu::O I forgot I guess the bulls arent ever supposed to lose a game or have a bad outing...its game 2..they ve been back at work for 3 weeks..They havent played nba games for 7 months!...a little rusty maybe..jesus relax
mccoywajmu::haha heat "fans" are pathetic....
thebattousai99::Great guess Miss Cleo.  And yes, delusion that the bulls will be even close to as good as they were last year.
mccoywajmu::my delusion to my team? what delusion do i have? that i said they dont need to panic? o ok..and who is your team? o let me guess heat right?
thebattousai99::yup.. I am finding this highly entertaining.  Especially your fandom to your team.  HAHA.. your delusion is funny.
mccoywajmu::Right and they are so irrelevant that you are dedicating your morning to talking about them...awesome...
thebattousai99::and the season for the bulls will be full of those "ifs" after another season without reaching the finals.. without winning a championship.  IF IF IF IF IF.
bossman1005::hating on the money, shame
mccoywajmu::IF IF IF monta missed a couple of shots yesterday if the bulls didnt have 20 turnovers if steph gave another 2-12 performance like he had sunday the bulls would of won....IFs dont mean anything..The bulls beat the lakers...They lost to the warriors..ifs are for children
thebattousai99::Yes, Lakers choked up that game to the bulls.. sorry, if kobe doesnt throw away a pass at the end (instead of getting intentionally fouled) and a non-call against Dengs travel the lakers hold on to win.  And yeah, im so envious of the millions they make.  Arent you? LOL
Chi Town Stand Up::Explain how they "choked" if they only scored 2 less points than the first and third quarter of the game...
mccoywajmu::And you keep referring to how much money these players make you are clearly envious
mccoywajmu::Yeah im sure lebron never had a bad game as a defending mvp neither did nash or kobe or bird or magic or tim duncan..nope never had a bad performance...and i love how you keep calling the bulls win over the lakers a meltdown for the lakers..the bulls could of easily gave up in that game they didnt and they took it from LA but whatever you want to call it cool..and the warriors beat us down in oakland last year...did they make the playoffs?
thebattousai99::haha.. usually you dont see the garbage that rose put up being done by the defending mvp, resigned multi millionaire.. plus, its not like the team has played good at all this year.. AT ALL.  2 games in and two crappy performances with one victory coming off of a late game collapse by kobe and the lakers and the other loss coming to a decent at best team.. and the warriors beat down the bulls
mccoywajmu::So professionals never have bad games?  get out of here with that nonsense
thebattousai99::oooppppss.. your right.. i forget these guys get paid millions to play a game and are so called professionals.  Out of shape or season just 3 weeks old blah blah blah sounds like weak BS excuses.  They should be 2-0 and but in reality, after watching these 2 games, they should really be 0-2.
bossman1005::true. i mean on sunday everyone was stating that were beast from taking it from the lakers and drose was a goat, that all you heard from bulls fans
P PALMER::We all thought based on last season performance the Bulls would come out playing much better. They came back with the same team from last season. Maybe it is conditioning or lack of a training camp but Bull fans should be a little concerned. They could easily be 0-2 if not for mistakes by a weak Lakers team.
Mounders::That difference.  Most Bulls fans don't get concerned with 2 games played.
thebattousai99::They should be.. just like the mavs and lakers.
mccoywajmu::concerned after game 2 of a 66 game season?
Benzkid28::WARRIOR FANS ARE CRACKING ME UP LOL ITS GAME 2 THERE ARE 64 MORE GAMES
P PALMER::Concerned because of the performance against the Lakers, without Bynum, with a new coach and a new offensive scheme and new players. They looked bad.
CosmoKramer1444::LOL at Chicago fans excuses.  "We had a chance to win but shots didn't fall so we didn't win."   That's how basketball works.
Soul Sector JF::Well... Golden State had a chance to win so many games in the past but shots didn't fall so they didn't win them.
Benzkid28::VERY TRUE, SO WHATS YOUR GUYS EXCUSE FOR NEVER BEING A LEGIT TEAM IN THE NBA...EVER?
Benzkid28::NOTE TO BULLS HATERS: IT WAS ONLY GAME 2 IN A SHORTEN SEASON WITH BACK 2 BACK GAMES...YOU LOOK GOOFY CALLING OUT CHICAGO.
chicityrob::GSW your team came to play last night and the Bulls Didn't, doesn't mean your team is better just came to play. Yes you destroyed them I believe because they took your team lightly.... no team should be taken as a joke regardless of their history the Bulls thought they could just come back at will (which they were doing) just took to long to start... Hope it was a lesson learned.
chicityrob::The Bulls have to understand that ALL teams will get amped up to play them, it is a measuring stick to them... Just as the Heat, Lakers, and Thunder realize. Every game we play is a playoff game to the other team, the Bulls simply walked into a hornets nest unprepared did you see the way they were acting for game two of the season? Did you see David Lee?!?!?! It was a big game for them it was not simply game two of the season, THEY WANTED THE VICTORY. As all teams viewed as lesser will do, we have to understand this and move on, I agree.
Benzkid28::BULLS ARE 2-10 THE PAST 12 GAMES IN GS, JUST ONE OF THOSE THINGS.AND JORDAN DIDNT PLAY WELL THERE EITHER SO I MEAN ITS GAME 2 LOL WARRIORS FANS ONLY HAVE SO MUCH TO HOPE FOR LOL
mccoywajmu::We lost to them in Golden State last year...its one game move on
elchupanibre55::The Warriors didn't "clip" the bulls. The warriors destroyed the bulls at one point leading by 19 points.
shc3333::Bogans is 31 years old. How is that young??????  Rip is 33.  WTF are you talking about???
thebattousai99::id take a young bogans over an old hamilton.. but hey, your ok with losing.  Why fix what isnt broken?  But the bulls dont think in those terms.. actually, the bulls front office just doesnt think.
thebattousai99::again.. yes.. stop signing retirement aged players like rip when you have a perfectly good young athletic player who started 82 regular season games and playoff games for you.. do we know who it is I speak of? Come on bulls fan, chime in.   Rip is old.. boozer is never healthy and when he is not that good.. just look to last years playoffs and get a reminder.. or even the first 2 games of this season.
mccoywajmu::Keith Bogans? 4pts a game keith bogans? give me a break
thebattousai99::Are we talking about this year? or last year where the bulls had the best record in the nba and got owned by the Heat in the conference finals?  yeah.. overrated this year.. big time.
Chi Town Stand Up::Just because you lose to a really strong team does not make you overrated...
thebattousai99::what predictions?  Didnt they get blasted by Miami last year?  And yes, they are overrated this year.  Sorry to advise you of the obvious.
Benzkid28::IT WAS THE SECOND GAME OF THE SEASON WHERE DO YOU GET YOUR PREDICTIONS THERE FELLA? LOL
Benzkid28::GNARLY, OH WELL
thebattousai99::That was a beat down.. bulls are overrated..  They pick up rip "son of jesus" hamilton and expect the prophet from the book of Eli to come in and make a difference?  The bulls need to stop signing people from retirement homes and not cut young and able 82 game starters.   Bulls had no business beating the lakers.. if it were not for Kobe choking away an late game possession, and not to mention the dumb play by the lakers in the final minute, they win that game easy. I saw the game, bulls looked horrid until the end.  I doubt the bulls have the best record in the game this year.
mccoywajmu::alot of this sounds like blah blah....we need to stop signing from retirement homes?  There are 2 players in our rotation that are 30 or over and thats boozer and rip we have one of the youngest rosters in the nba...thanks though
Benzkid28::62 WINS AND A EASTERN FINALS APPEARANCE IS FAR FROM OVERRATED DUDE
mccoywajmu::The lakers were beating us by 11 with 3 mins left to play...we still won...so what a team was leading by at one point in the game means nothing....all that matters is the final score..warriors won good for them...but they didnt destroy us
Benzkid28::I WOULDNT SAY DESTROYED LOL I MEAN THE BULLS HAD CHANCES IN THE END TO WIN IT BUT SHOTS WERNT FALLING AND WARRIORS PLAYED VERY WELL BUT I MEAN LETS FACE IT THE BULLS ARE ELITE AND WARRIORS WELL NOT SO MUCH.
thebattousai99::yeah.. no need to yell LOL
GnarlyCharlie38::bit much with the caps
zachrlee::Mark Jackson debuts as a coach with a win. And Kwame Brown? I was like....WTF?! Guy got featured in the highlight with a steal. Eat your heart out, MJ!
atlkee1787::4-17 and 13pts............. but whenever anybody says rose is not a good shooter bulls fans make excuses for him. We saw this all throughout the postseason so this is nothing new
Chi Town Stand Up::3-11 and 8 points... Whatever you say LBJ is not worthy of the MVP Come on, one bad game. You guys are idiots.
thebattousai99::atkeel1787 is right.. Rose is garbage when it comes to shooting.. he needs to stick to passing, layups and defense.. stop taking 3's you have no business taking.  Or actually, keep doing it, gives other teams a better chance to beat you.
mccoywajmu::Yeah and he was 9-13 for 22 pts the previous night...way to not mention that...pick and choose stats to help your argument..its the american way
1522scooter::For the Bulls, this game was about defense--as in bad defense. Warriors seems to be a match up problem for them because GSW have two PGs that are ultra quick. They seemed to to a lot better when both Rose and Watson were on the floor at the same time. They match up better with a small line up. Good game for the Warriors. I like their team this season.
Chi Town Stand Up::Kukoc was a PF... why would he start for a SG. Not saying your lying, just saying I don't remember that and it sounds weird.
mccoywajmu::One of Thibs problems is he isnt a very flexible coach.  He doesnt make adjustments in a timely fashion...Taj has always been great vs the golden state so why isnt he playing the major mins vs them?  You know how good those 2 guards are so why does it take so long for you to say hey im gonna start cj and derrick together? He is so rigid with his lineups he lacks imagination..when the bulls were winning titles kuckoc started in certain matchups...in others luc longley started...thibs refuses to do this....
buller23::what the heck r u talking about. kuckoc never started in place of luc. never ever. luc was a center. kuckoc started 4 a injured ron harper b4
wmannab::Maybe, but then the advantage on offense would be for the Bulls with taller guards.  I think the Bulls wil be a #2 seed for the playoffs and the Warriors will not make the playoffs ---- again.
atlkee1787::ahamilton605  AND FYI GOGOBERRY............. Deng isn't too far off of LeBron. Obviously he's not as good as LBJ, but he's a great defender and a very consistant shooter. He's definitely not a "role player". and Noah is one of the best centers in the nba. Also not a role player. And Boozer has proved to be a consistant 20/10 guy when healthy throughout his career. Where are these "role players"??? Rip??? ---------------------------------- -------------------------------------------- Boozer was a 20-10 guy with the best PG in the NBA. Rose is a chucker and misses way too many shots. Williams made Boozer look better than he actually is, Deng is no where near LeBron dude. I'm going to leave it at that, Noah is a solid player but not a star. He is not even one of the top 3 centers in the East let alone the NBA.......... Rip has probably had the best overall career of anybody on your team but he is on the down side now
Chi Town Stand Up::I think he averaged that because he needs to develop his offensive game and you could see that in this game. Also Derrick Rose is just a different player than Dwill... Just because he doesn't make Boozer look great does not mean he is bad.  And Derrick Rose has not had a better season than Rose? Rip's best season: 20.1 PPG, 3.4 APG, 3.2 RPG Rose's best season: 25 PPG, 7.7 APG, 3 RPG Really now? That comment was just dumb.
hvs1717::Noah is most definitely a role player. He has averaged 8.4 ppg and 8.5 rpg for his career. He is not a scoring threat at all. Now Deng I agree with. When he is properly motivated he is a very good player.
shortmac2380::i like how the bulls are 1-1 and people are talking trash about them. i didnt know the season was over there going to lose and im not surprised they always have a hard time @ golden state
shc3333::Actualy they have a new SG and they have lost Bogans and Kurt Thomas.  There was not an off season for the most part. They just have to re gel. Hamilton needs to find his groove in the O. Also if you watch the games Rose has defered a lot in the early part of the games. He was trying to get his team mates more involved. As soon as he realizes he needs to do what he did last year, I think the rest will fall into place.
P PALMER::That is because Lakers should have beaten too. They could easily bee 0-2 because Lakers has a new coach, new system, and new players. Bulls came back with the same team no changes, they should be playing better.
jpfense::Hands down. Man down
1522scooter::Give the Warriors credit. They played pretty well.
136motogp::Bulls fans got all excited after beating a lottery team by one point to open the season.
wmannab::The Lakers are a lottery team?  Are you stupid or something?  When is the last time the Warriors made the playoffs?
2kobeisgood4::Why does it seem to me that some teams or ready to play while other are not
Jaguarcrazyboy::Bulls are having a trouble start to the year.. Many are.  Bulls just gotta find their mojo.. I think we should find a new back up PG in the draft and trade away Kyle Krover.
Chi Town Stand Up::Nah I think we're fine for now as long as we start gelling. CJ Watson is a very good backup
Eternal_Sage::you guys need to get boozer more involved in the offense
Joseph6671::Rose 8 assists Golden State under 100 pts...there are positives with this loss....Bulls will be ok when Rose shot is falling...
136motogp::thats about as likely to happen as seeing halley's comet
1522scooter::that doesnt make any sense.
btpkk::why is D-rose shooting all these 3-pointers? does he think he's Steve Kerr
Chi Town Stand Up::Hmm seems like no one noticed Dwill shot more than Rose.
Dub_M89::D Rose is an amazing player but scoring PGs don't win championships. Carlos Boozer was a 20-10 guy when he played with D-Will, and the Western Conference had better big men defenders. Now he's Rose's personal brickchaser. Rose is a bigger, stronger Iverson, and the sooner they put Rose at the 2 and find a servicable PG the better off they'll be.
136motogp::+1 for "Rose's personal brickchaser"
2kobeisgood4::Rose is nothing but ESPN hype ad he will never win a ring if my Lakers never gave them that game they would be 0-2 for the season
The Lions will always be 0-16 to me::if*
JiggaMan852::He's Russell Eastbrook....which is not a bad thing...
Bill67125::Wow. I thought the Bulls were supposed to be really good, especially after beating the Lakers by a point the other day on a lucky last minute shot by D-Rose.
Chi Town Stand Up::How was that lucky... it was a floater...
hvs1717::Why would the refs gift the Bulls a game in LA against the Lakers? I thought the league was rigged for the Lakers?
jf96avs::NBA is rigged, plain simple and easy
Bkingc10::the refs didnt gift them back into this game
CoreyBlair31::http://sportsblogette.blogspot.com/  Steph Curry is one heck of a player but so is D ROSE!!!
CandySparker::Stephen Curry is growing up step by step.
Heat_Fins_Marlins_Canes::rose 4-17 haha
Chi Town Stand Up::LeBron shot 3-11 in the NBA finals hahaaaaa
1522scooter::wow..real haters out of Miami. hopefully, Lebron breaks his leg and has to be amnestied
401MacK::I thought this Curry kid was nothing more than a spot up jump shooter... boy was I mistaken
Howdy220::Joakim Noah shoots like a 5th grader.
Terry 1953::Bulls you suck, how do lose to the Warriors
supordupor23::How are 99.99999 percent of the posts about the heat or bulls, when the warriors just completely outplayed the bulls?
Howdy220::Because 99.9999 percent of people have enough sense to realize that the Warriors are irrelevant and ain't doing sh*t this year.
sfgiantz123::Stop talking about the horid bulls the warriors winning it all best back court in the nba
dreballs::sup bulls
Gogoberrymix6::LeBron's response once asked if he thinks the Bulls are a contender: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RYjQdP_sk6g
Gogoberrymix6::"Noah has the smoothest jumpshot in the league"  - ahamilton65
