climb171::Faried beasting with almost another triple double.
Judge Smails.::Was it the two blocks or the one steal that almost got him there?
alexthenuggets::with defensive rebounds and total rebounds? :p
nuggetzalltheway23::Just ignore him, Hes dumber then hell.
diehardnr1::Question:  How many teams, besides Sonics, have actually changed their names when moving to a new city? I cannot think of any...until Pelicans becomes official.  I have wondered this for awhile and the Altitude announcers pointing out their choices for renaming the teams got me wondering again... I thought LA Shooting Stars (maybe Falling Stars?) was a better choice than Altitudes LA Stars tongue-in-cheek suggestion.
TheBronx303::The Ravens, Avalance, Devils, &amp; Hurricane to name a few..
diehardnr1::This was kind of like watching a cat toy with a mouse...NO will be a good team in the future, just not enough tonight vs a deeper, better team...gg and DEN will have to play more intense in the Big Easy to beat Pelicans.  Andre Miller was hilarious after making the 3 ball...He could probably do a Richard Pryor Tribute show and pull it off... Kudos to Gallo, Brewer, and KK   Otherwise, another solid team effort at home.  I would prefer they get in the habit of NOT depending on the 4th quarter altitude effect to wear opponents down.  If Nuggs are gonna have success on the road they need to develop a killer mentality from the tip-off...even at home.  GO NUGGETS!!!
Hlee196::Good win nuggets now lets take care our next two home games in the same fashion... 99.
funyuns72::Ive been following this bet system the past few months named Sportsbettingstar. Ive made around 2-3k a month profits using the systems picks. You can find the system on the first page of google by searching for sports betting systems
evandziobak15::There we go the guys on NBA Tonight calling the Nuggets their sleeper team! I dig it!
diehardnr1::Are those the same guys that had Nuggets as a pre-season Top Two team in the West?
jayeteee::Prolly.
Hlee196::We've been their sleeper team every year... What's new.
jayeteee::I agree, same ole same ole as far as I'm concerned.
Patreeky::Haha yahoo has an article simply titled '49ers gay ad', now i didnt watch the ad, but something about that phrasing seems a little misleading
Alex47666::no heat trolls tonight    thats weird
jayeteee::We've won 13 out of our last 16 games.
jayeteee::And we're on pace to win more than 50 games.
Alex47666::how many road wins
Patreeky::Wolves and portland aren't all bad but i see what you're getting at. Im just going to chalk this one up as a wash.
Alex47666::lakers do suck but lets face were not the best road team   we've lost on the road to the wolves and portland so i think its impressive
Patreeky::Yeah, what jay said plus my rhetorical nonsense
jayeteee::'Cause the Lakers suck!
Patreeky::Every win is a big win, but that doesnt make it an impressive win. Beating OKC was impressive, beating LA  not so much, albeit in LA
Patreeky::na beating the lakers at staples, i'll take 66% on the road any day
Alex47666::what!!!  when you face 8-5 its a huge win
jayeteee::What? Winning 2 of 3 on the road?  Oh, you mean beating the Lakers?
Patreeky::to be fair, thats not really a brag-worthy feat this season...
Alex47666::hey at least we beat the lakers on the road
jayeteee::LOL. We're 2-1 on the road in that span.
JustineS04::Haha, this picture of 7-year-old Ty Lawson. Cool old article too about the team his dad coached. http://www.fannation.com/si_blogs/tourney/posts/60322
diehardnr1::nice find....good story and the pic is awesome!
Alex47666::i like the one white kid standing behind the coach
Patreeky::hmm, i always did think beaver looked a little on the satanic side
jayeteee::Wow, that's not very nice, I thought he looked more like Beaver Cleaver.
Patreeky::Hes looks like damien from the omen...
Patreeky::and yes that picture is spectacular
Patreeky::Hes an infanTyle, if you will
Alex47666::i see the nuggets trading mozgoff for cash   then drafting jeff whithey
jayeteee::You think Withey goes that late in the first round?
Patreeky::Yeah MJ should just go back to dangerously high stakes gambling, he was better suited for that
Alex47666::i dont see whithey in the lotto picks   when teams are run by people like jordan   teams arent smart enough to pick those type of players
Patreeky::both him and mclemore oughta go in the lottery, they mercilessly slaughtered the buffs and we're no pushover
Alex47666::espn has him like 27    but no i expect he goes top 15
JustineS04::Oh man, this feature on Hamilton being able to learn from getting playing time is so hard to watch. Heart-breaking really.
Alex47666::dont see y people like him so much   streaky shooter   not a really good defender
Alex47666::compared to gallo or iggy no     sure he can shoot better than iggy but we didnt get iggy to score we got iggy because he is a great all around player gallo is lights out right now      comming of the bench brewer can be made an argument but he is a solid fast break man and improved shooting so and like i said before he's a streaky shooter
JustineS04::He's got plenty of talent. Good all around player.
Alex47666::dont get me wrong working hard can get u far   but on my bball team my freshman year i worked hard but doesnt mean squat unless u got the talent but i got minutes because i still worked hard enough and didnt complain about siting on the bench but people who could play got more minutes
JustineS04::Hard worker, decent defense, done everything a coach could ask, and gets no minutes.
X24theshowX::very  good read for a nuggets fan about iguodala's defense.  http://www.cbssports.com/nba/blog/eye-on-basketball/21622844/behind-the-screen-inside-the-defensive-mind-of-andre-iguod
JustineS04::"Iguodala is fifth among players (with 400 minimum possessions) in overall points per possession allowed, he causes the fifth-most turnovers of any player (with 100 possessions) guarding the pick and roll, and most important, he's the second best player in guarding players one on one, in isolation, minimum 50 possessions. He's the only wing player in the top five." Especially impressive when you consider that he's always up against the team's best player.
evandziobak15::Nuggets should trade for JJ Redick
masterosports_newcomp::I'm a huge Duke fan...but no...keep the team the way it is. Maybe get rid of Mozzy if we can get a good deal, but other than that no need to mess with a good thing.
buffbronc64::That would be it. They shouldn't touch Lawson, Iggy, Gallo, Faried, KK, Andre, Brewer, Chandler and McGee. I also think Fournier will be a player once he learns to be confident and take shots when he gets them. Everyone else is tradeable. Mozgov has the most value, Randolph could fetch some value as well. Having a 7 footer with some ability on the end of the bench is not good, he needs to go.
evandziobak15::yeah i agree but i don't imagine he will be worth too much... he would be a solid guy to have off the bench come playoff time
denverboi1993::On a negative note though... did anyone else notice how bad Mozzy was tonight?
jayeteee::Mozgov was so bad he wasn't even worth mentioning. I don't remember one good play from him tonight.
denverboi1993::BTW when is McGee coming back? His injury isn't that serious is it?
denverboi1993::Hope so. Especially since he has four days till that game.
buffbronc64::Day-to-day. They probably feel they don't need him for opponents like NO. He might be out vs the Bucks as well, even if he's mostly healthy. He's not needed.
Viktor Karelin::Yeah and plus he wants the Purple team to win.
evandziobak15::They should trade him now when they can still get something for him before he craps all over himself and they can't get anything for him
buffbronc64::That's the norm. He's regressed. That's why he needs to be traded. It's nice that he's there with McGee out but he needs to be traded for a shooter.
denverboi1993::Ok I like Afflalo but I'm not missing him at all. Iggy is a souped up version of him who isn't a terrible defender.
evandziobak15::JJ Redick
masterosports_newcomp::buffbronc64 - denverboi1993 - We don't really need a shooter... our offense isn't a problem at all. We need another defender.  Our offense as a whole isn't, but we have a hard time spacing the floor. Chandler has helped, but still. When teams run zone the Nuggets struggle. Besides, everyone seems to want to trade the best perimeter defender in the league that currently resides with the Nuggets. <b>A shooter who can defend would be good.</b>  *cough* AAA *cough*
buffbronc64::denverboi1993 - We don't really need a shooter... our offense isn't a problem at all. We need another defender.  Our offense as a whole isn't, but we have a hard time spacing the floor. Chandler has helped, but still. When teams run zone the Nuggets struggle. Besides, everyone seems to want to trade the best perimeter defender in the league that currently resides with the Nuggets. A shooter who can defend would be good.
denverboi1993::We don't really need a shooter... our offense isn't a problem at all. We need another defender.
RockyMountainWay1::Trade him for a paper bag or something...he's dreadfully bad ....so soft and cant grab a rebound
Arbyrick::Long time Suns fan here (dont laugh ha ha). Just wanted to give props to the Nuggets for putting together a great run here lately. If i were a playoff team i would NOT want to play Denver in the playoffs!
Arbyrick::Thanks everyone. Id love for the Suns to get Jahii Carson from ASU. Hes only a freshman but one of the best point guards in the country. If you get a chance check him out. Amazing talent :-)
buffbronc64::McLemore is where it's at. He's the best player in the draft in my opinion.
evandziobak15::Thanks bro hope you guys land Josh Smith at the deadline
buffbronc64::Why would we slam the Suns? You beat the Lakers, the only thing preventing this from being a 5-0 run that SportsCenter would be climaxing over.
masterosports_newcomp::I wanted to puke seeing Nash play against the Suns the other night...*shudders*
RockyMountainWay1::Cool well i've always respected the Spurs
jayeteee::Thanks for the respect. G/L to the Suns.
denverboi1993::Yea we'll see... we have a bad reputation as someone you want to play in the first round though... lol.
Viktor Karelin::N.O should have drafted Andre Drummond with that 10th overall pick. Could you imagine a front line of Drummond and Davis in 5 years or so. That would be insane.
washheightsboy3::And NO shouldn't have named themselves the Pelicans. If wishes were horses, beggars would ride. .
masterosports_newcomp::In memory of Baby Giraffes +24 tonight:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rejDi1u31NI
washheightsboy3::I've retreated safely to The Med.   phew.
denverboi1993::Dam... this board died quicker than Paterno after he was exposed...
jayeteee::Wasn't it Sandusky that was exposing himself?
buffbronc64::He is now. Not by choice, but still.
Patreeky::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oShTJ90fC34
denverboi1993::lol well played
JustineS04::Those new Bulls uniforms are a crime against humanity.
RockyMountainWay1::ESPN announcers on the Lakers game are pathetic
buffbronc64::Apparently going on a 4-1 run is impressive and newsworthy..........
jayeteee::LOL. Well no wonder they're not talking about our 6-0 run then.
buffbronc64::Indeed. They're discussing whether the Lakers could beat certain teams in a playoff series. They would need to MAKE the playoffs to do that.
jayeteee::And some other players that are hurt too.
RockyMountainWay1::Just threw up in my mouth listening to them beat it to the Lakers....wow they beat the Kevin Love-less Wolves...bravo
jayeteee::They all love them some Lakers pudding. :-P
evandziobak15::is that Chris Mullin doing commentary?
jayeteee::According to the +/- Gallo was the best player on the floor tonight.
masterosports_newcomp::I feel like we'll be seeing a lot of that in the future...
masterosports_newcomp::Baby Giraffe Attack!
buffbronc64::Ty was +25. Gallo +24.
jayeteee::My miss. Close though. :) Ty had a double double, so he earned it.
denverboi1993::You know what's interesting? The three elite teams in the West seem to be narrowing to two... LAC is falling into the Mem/GS/Denver category... we could get the three seed!
evandziobak15::They don't have CP3 so they have been struggling... now if they continue to struggle when he comes back then that's a different story
JustineS04::Ty +25.
washheightsboy3::The epilogue : I survived.
Patreeky::Lesbians dont tend to be very dangerous
washheightsboy3::It was one of those places where a wedding band is Irrasiatably erotic.
Patreeky::Were they using the strap on from se7en?
washheightsboy3::I didn't think so. Until this evening.
petersoncooper::Lakers are a much better team without Dwight Howard.  Look at Gasol, 20pts, 11 boards, 3 blocks, 8-15
petersoncooper::My fantasy team may have a chance if onyl Dwight will pack it in and let Gasol do his thing!
RockyMountainWay1::I agree, Dwight Howard usually hurts them
Patreeky::woop woop, grammar pig is on patrol
jayeteee::Hands up! Thread Police! :-P
Patreeky::dominant
Alex47666::i remember my friend telling how dominate they were gonna be with dwight
masterosports_newcomp::Yay we won! Haha
jayeteee::newcomp?
masterosports_newcomp::Yup. Now I can patrol these boards obsessively once again. Woo! Haha
petersoncooper::Are the T-Wolves trying to be an all white team?  Bunch of Euros and Luke Ridnour
jayeteee::Frodo's from Puerto Rico.
Patreeky::one word: KAAAAHN!
jayeteee::It's more an issue w/ their fans than anything. They(not all) complained about it a lot.
buffbronc64::I would just like to point out the Nuggets (the 6th place team in the West) have more wins than ANY team in the East.
RockyMountainWay1::East is soooooo bad...Pacers are good, the Heat are the Heat and the Bulls are solid but overall...its bad
jayeteee::I don't know why, but this year is one of the more fun years that I can remember. Our record's similar to past years at this time, but the team is really starting to form an identity.
JustineS04::It's a really likable team. Exciting to watch.
jayeteee::Well, 2 out of 3 ain't bad.
Alex47666::last fun year was 10 when we were the second best team   karl was the west coach   karl had cancer
Alex47666::in the wolves pull it out   we should all go and troll the lakers
Patreeky::trolling is for aussies and sheep shaggers
Alex47666::u just described the laker fan base   but he's right trolling is bad
jayeteee::Baaahhhd joke.
JustineS04::Wait, George Karl thinks we're an above average defensive team? That's generous. We're better lately though.
Young_Guruu::We're better defensively than the numbers illustrate. Lots and lots of possessionns for both teams when Denver plays fast.
airicad::It all has to do with communication.  With good communication, Denver is a pretty good defensive team.
RockyMountainWay1::They can be when they actually do play defense....when they dont well....you know
bearsbball12::Well we were 13th in defensive efficiency coming into the game. So technically that is above average.
JustineS04::Slightly, I'd put us in the average category.
Alex47666::21 To tonight
RockyMountainWay1::Someone please beat GS....ugh they're getting such lucky wins...
Alex47666::like the game against OKC
evandziobak15::T-Wolves cut it to 6... Lakers gonna choke again
petersoncooper::Alexey Shved having a decent game, may have to add that guy although his FG% is a killer
bearsbball12::That would be hilarious. Minnesota has lost 5 straight, 1-9 in their last 10.
airicad::I hope they miss Kevin Love now.  He was getting a lot of flack before his injury.
airicad::Why am I not surprised?
denverboi1993::22-11 conference record is awesome Nuggets... rather that happen than what happened last year in which we went.. what 16-2 against the East but a losing record vs. the West.
Alex47666::i remember our 5 game road trip that we won all games against the east and then the next game we lost gallo to the rockets and we went downhill from there
denverboi1993::yea that sucked....
Alex47666::yes we are officially 5th in the west
bearsbball12::Officially 6th actually. GS is ahead by percentage points.
airicad::Didn't Memphis and GS both win?
airicad::I meant yesterday.  They've played two less games and have one less loss.
bearsbball12::Memphis won, GS was idle.
denverboi1993::Not quite. GS still has a better win % so they have the 5th seed.
bearsbball12::They're tied in the standings, but GS is ahead of the Nuggets by percentage points.
Alex47666::nope didnt play tonight see we are tied
JustineS04::Top 4 would be huge with how we've been playing at home.
evandziobak15::Wow Rudy Gay had quite the debut for the Raptors tonight... blew out the Clippers
jayeteee::Was he not happy in Memphis, or what? Who'd the Grizz get in return?
airicad::Austin Daye.
bearsbball12::Ed Davis, Tayshaun Prince, and one other who I'm forgetting right now.
petersoncooper::He was having a bad year, more like a salary dump I think
airicad::CP3 needs to come back... I'm a Clippers fan and I can barely watch our team right now.  Jamal shooting 25%...
petersoncooper::Hope he gets the green light, my fantasy team could use the help.
bearsbball12::The Clips aren't the same team without CP3
jayeteee::Ho-hum, YAAAY!!!!!!!!
Flingtheball::I know this is off topic but what will the lakers look like when kobe leaves?
bearsbball12::I'm sure all the Lakers fans will be rejoicing the start of their championship run after this win against the tanking T-Wolves though.
denverboi1993::As they always do... even though they just came off a loss to the Suns... lol
jayeteee::I think the question is,"What will Kobe look like when he leaves the Lakers?"
JustineS04::Or what we look like without Melo.
JustineS04::I mean team basketball.
jayeteee::You mean 'better?'
RockyMountainWay1::They'll look awful
Alex47666::like now but with more wins
bearsbball12::Garbage. Kind of what they look like now.
Flingtheball::NO is going to be good for years to come. This year is just not their year.
petersoncooper::Gordon will be gone, Vasquez is not that great, they need more help.
Flingtheball::you cant play the lottery forever...
23germany::yes....good for the lottery, every single year
Flingtheball::I really do. With a guy like vasques at point guard and some new young pieces you guys will be balling in no time!
Alex47666::in 4-5 years i say they'll be top 5
Alex47666::davis rivers decent bench top 5 picks years to come   and dont be like that we were in the same postion as them
Mike768114::what do you see on that allows you to possible make this comment?
petersoncooper::You really think so or just trying to be classy?
denverboi1993::thank ya... thank ya vry much...  -Andre Miller as he leaves the building.
jayeteee::Best assist man in the game. :)
RockyMountainWay1::Haha that was awesome
denverboi1993::What a badas.s... lol.
bearsbball12::24/6/4/3 from Iggy, 21/13 from Lawson, 18/7/5 from Gallo, forced 21 turnovers. It's surprising the Nuggets only won by 15 honestly.
bearsbball12::AND they shot over 80% from the line.
Alex47666::only reason we played well is because of the refs   pacer fans
airicad::Faried and Iggy only had 5 attempts... that's why.  lol
JustineS04::And Brewer played well. Usually they don't all play well.
airicad::NOH is no pushover.  Anderson started draining stuff in the 4th.
RockyMountainWay1::Ur mad.
23germany::NO is pushover. not a single good player, shooting 50% and getting blown out is RIDICULOUS
.Deez_Nutz.::Champ Bailey was horrible in the playoffs. They need to can that chump
petersoncooper::1 bad game is all
haliborange::Birdman looked good today  ... 9 points on 4-4
Flingtheball::He should shoot more...
.Deez_Nutz.::So this is where the Bronco fans go. LOL! The Ravens took it to ya.
josephmccreery::They Gave It To Raheem Moore. ( And Not Really Even That )
evandziobak15::If I am not mistaken the Nuggets do play in Denver as well...
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::3 points in Double OT, yeah they really gave it to them.  LMAO
JustineS04::TOO SOON.
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::Finkle and Einhorn, Finkle and Einhorn, Sanders and Smith, sanders and Smith.
whodattrackgeauxtigers::I'm out. Good game Nuggets. Classy fans for the most part. Hopefully ya'll will match up with LAC and whip them so CP3 leaves. Once again, can't wait for the Nuggets OKC Western Conference Finals.
Alex47666::your team will develop  to a top 5  years to come
JustineS04::Good luck!
RockyMountainWay1::Nice win, Iggy had a great game
23germany::third best player. nuggets only have third best players, awful team  easy out in the playoffs
josephmccreery::Ohh Yeah, Who's Gonna Beat Them? Germany?
Flingtheball::Dont hate on our success!  --Iguodala
RockyMountainWay1::go die
Flingtheball::Thank you. I play hard for the fans and the money so I hold nothing back. --Iguodala
Alex47666::stats
denverboi1993::He did. Not saying much against the Hornets though... but still a good game from him.
evandziobak15::Would be nice if the Lakers lost tonight
Alex47666::its wouldnt be nice it would be reality
23germany::try again
