dog_has_fleas::Can we pkg Jimmer, JT and IT for a decent PG?
doof54::Like I said before the game: DeMarcus Cousins never has a decent game against Zach Randolph.  But, the difference in this game was: the Grizz didn't turn the ball over.
pnete::Does anyone remember when the media made Fredette National Player of the Year for scoring fifty points against the sisters of the blind while passing on Kemba who cut down every net in sight?
showstopperinthebronx::been betting with a system named SportsBettingStar for only two months and have profitted about 3K each month just following its tips. You can find the system on the first page of Google by searching for sports betting systems. If you bet on sports at all you gotta see this.
sjabruning::Trob with 8 and 12. Thats impressive. Its time for him to start
chamax91::Garbage
Grindhouse2413::Thank you Memphis, I asked before the game started to have under 12 turnovers and we only had 8 tonight! I asked for a strong bench production and they came up with 50 points! F YEAH!!
Grape Soda Billy::im hammered
GoTigers2015::Wayne is a pure shooter, when it goes in, it's a swish. OJ could make threes, but he was much more streaky. I think the main thing with Wayne is just confidence, you could tell when he makes just 2 in a row, it's all it takes for him to go off like he did tonight. Of course 26 ppg is not expected, but I think he could get 8-9 a game with how good of a shooter he is.
Grindhouse2413::No doubt. Just catch and shoot it Wayne. Coach, let the shooters shoot.
1grizzfan4life::T-Wro's first points. Wayne career high. Biggest road win in franchise history. Hell, I gotta quit beatin my chest. GSW here we come!
Grindhouse2413::well said!
showstopperinthebronx::I have been betting with a system named SportsBettingStar for  only two months and have profitted about 3K each month just following its tips. You can find the system on the first page of Google by searching for sports betting systems. If you bet on sports at all you gotta see this.
knight_rider_1983::Grindhouse2413 the boys are back   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuR0DqbQGN8
Grindhouse2413::hahahahahaha F yeah!
Grindhouse2413::After we play the warriors, this is a great song for us to play Friday at the Fed Ex Forum AKA THE GRINDHOUSE!!!!
Grindhouse2413::Tonight was the first night in a while that all our guys were out there having a blast. I mean just enjoying it, ya know? Great for the team chemistry. Happy for them
souptwins::Yeah, that's not something the Kings know anything about.
Grindhouse2413::No way this gets back to him but I saw Selby shopping out in town one night and I approached him. He was cool and I got a pic with him. Sorry to hear about his loss. You have Griz Nation's condolences Josh
Grindhouse2413::Very true. thoughts and well wishes out to both of them for sure
rc021363::My prayers go out to Josh, for sure.  But, do not forget Rudy lost his grandmother, who was very inspirational in Rudy's life.  And, this may be why Rudy if off on his game lately.  So, my prayers to both Josh and Rudy.
1grizzfan4life::Watchin NBATV. Bradley Beal with the game winner against OKC... Sweet!
1grizzfan4life::YEZZIR!
knight_rider_1983::Bradley Beal got the game winner  Beale st. got the ribs
Grindhouse2413::Games like these last two make me wonder why we cant play this well every game. I start to get greedy...
1grizzfan4life::Yea most def
Grindhouse2413::Not sure about his current 3 point % but he has been improving for several games. No more pump fakes, just catch and shoot it
1grizzfan4life::Whats Wayne shooting from 3 on the season? I look at the box score and seems like hes always 1-2 or so. Grizz have benefited
1grizzfan4life::Yea F it. Anybody that shoots 39% from three for their carreer can def fill it up at times. Wayne played great and I hope some of that carries over to the Warriors game
Grindhouse2413::Me and you both man. They are right behind us in the standing. We beat them early in the season out there, we play like tonight, we can win again. We have to defend the three point line VERY well Wed night
Grindhouse2413::I have been impressed with Wayne's shooting since the beginning of season. Sucked to see him struggle. He has a beautiful stroke. Ha that sounded so gay but I could care less
1grizzfan4life::I know right I know what you mean lol. With as atrocious as our offense has been lately, sometimes I just cringe, because I know the D is the best in the league! If we could just shoot 44-45% every game we'd be killin it!
Grindhouse2413::Great defense and Amazing offense. Our second unit played like studs! AK, where are you man? You called it. Griz by 20+. I am very impressed, SAC was playing well at home.
Chapmanx23::We need more consistent play from our offense. -Tyler Honeycutt
Joel100mill::Sup who made some money on my play?  +4.5 kings &gt; -4.5 grizzlies
emthomasjr::GG Kings fans.  You all have a young team with a lot of talent; you had a 4 game home winning streak but we just got hot tonight.   It's a long season.
1grizzfan4life::I got respect for Sac fans.. except that D-Bag that was hatin
1grizzfan4life::Yall see the Thunder fell to the Wiz, and the Spurs fell to New Orleans?! Good night for Grizz fans
1grizzfan4life::100%
emthomasjr::Yeah, sweet to take a few baby steps forward in the standing, but mainly best to see the offense finally click for once, while still playing good defense.
knight_rider_1983::Until next time  Peace, Love, &amp; Grind...........
1grizzfan4life::Until next time my fellow Grizz fan.
Grindhouse2413::What a complete game!! So glad we took and made our outside shots. Big props Wayne!
emthomasjr::Now that was a true complete game.  Pete is saying that this was the largest road win in franchise history!
1grizzfan4life::Pete Pranica tweet... you might see it over here -----&gt; 32 point victory over Kings, largest road victory in franchise history
knight_rider_1983::Like DJ Spanish Fly "A woooooooooorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrd"
Herkaleez::Waynedrops falling on their heads
knight_rider_1983::ha ha like what ya did there
knight_rider_1983::Waynes on fire!!!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Lx8uHC7I4M
sjc756::Memphis are playoff contenders right now but they will have nothing to show for it by seasons end. Like I said, records mean nothing and never dwell on a team record.
emthomasjr::Yeah, except for the first team to win 16 games in the playoffs wins the championship.  And, you have to win more games than at least 8 other teams in your conference to get into the playoffs,  But, yeah, other than that, records mean absolutely nothing.
ChumRoastBeef::Go to sleep, it's 9:44 PM in Sacramento time right now
AstroTurfIsGood::there nothing in sacto anyway
icepik1234::Kings are not even close to playoffs contenders and that is as good as they will get. That is why you should always dwell on a teams record. That is what puts you in the playoffs.
1grizzfan4life::$@%! and go stick your head in a bucket. Loser
sjc756::Grizzlie fans dwell on records when it means noting . Kings are still the Better team head to head with the Grizzlies,Grizzlies cant win championships anyways so never dwell on a teams record.
Lordkrimson::" Kings are still the Better team head to head with the Grizzlies ", Haha-Haha..ha....No really a tear just formed.....Hahaha. They need to get you to write for Saturday night live!  I dont laugh at the statement , but the sentiment. And thats funny.
icepik1234::At least they have decent fans. Not a bunch of trolls
1grizzfan4life::Seatlle def deserves it
icepik1234::Seattle Kings
roy2daboy::So what is your point???????
1grizzfan4life::We dont give a FUCC ab the end of the season record! Our goals are set much higher than your shhitty Kings. Kings have the smallest market and lowest payroll in the league. When the ANAHEIM Kings are legit, lemme know.
knight_rider_1983::Samething I told Clipper fans
sjc756::Memphis are playoff contenders right now so this is as good as they will get which equals zero titles
C92400::Wayne's world. as Pete Pranica says!
JamesGetDownBrown::party time, excellent!
knight_rider_1983::Memphis would not have won the last game against Denver without Rudy.................
1grizzfan4life::Great game Grizzlies! Very proud of my boys! Lets go get em @ GSW! GNG for life baby!
sjc756::?.
knight_rider_1983::whatever Doo Doo Brown
sjc756::When us Kings become Playoff contenders we will accomplish more then what grizzlies ever will.
icepik1234::Too bad theyll be The Sonics by the time they make the playoffs
icepik1234::Kings with Rings 2047!
danielc901::I'm pretty sure this guy just figured out how to use the computer tonight. Next stop, dictionary.com.
sjc756::Grizzlie fans get way to high on a win not like Grizzlies are going to win anything this season. You play in this league to win championships not just making the playoffs.When us Kings become Playoff contenders we will be  more sucessful then what grizzlies ever will.
danielc901::Don't discourage this guy from trying to troll. It's free comedy.
icepik1234::Kings with Rings 2047!
tmoneyinmphs::Considering the kings don't know how to make the playoffs anymore, they won't be winning any championships soon, will they?
1grizzfan4life::Your $@%!$@ Kings will not even be in Sacremento anymore. Get over yourself, and your jealousy. Go cry elsewhere!
ChumRoastBeef::You never give up.
icepik1234::hahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahah
emthomasjr::That was fun!  People were trying to convince me that the Phoenix win was a "complete game."  I don't know about Phoenix, but this was a complete game.  And, the Kings kind of gave up halfway through the 3rd too.
tmoneyinmphs::Grizz would have never reached 113 points without rudy gay's 8 points !!!
knight_rider_1983::it's a team sport
knight_rider_1983::Let it go man.............The team is winning
tmoneyinmphs::Then don't bring that weak argument when rudy is underperforming and against matchups he should own.
knight_rider_1983::Memphis would not have won the last game against Denver without Rudy....................
tmoneyinmphs::Why?  Cause he scored one point over his average?    Mike conley won the game at boston and has probably won more games for the grizz this year than rudy.  Should we give him a raise?
ChumRoastBeef::Exactly that would've been 105-81. Never underestimate Rudy Gay
tmoneyinmphs::what u got to trade?
knight_rider_1983::lotta teams would love too have Rudy
rede482::grizzlies are extremely capable had a tough schedule early and kicked alot of a$s. they had a stretch of less teams and got complacent. trade rumors have lit a spark under the as$ses expect to see them ballN.
icepik1234::because everyone that actually knows what theyre talking about knows rudy isnt going. ellington, speights, and arthur are all more likely.
tmoneyinmphs::Trade rumor has been at rudy.  What kind of spark is 8 points for a guy depended on his scoring?
knight_rider_1983::"Memphis is too legit"-M.C. Hammer
knight_rider_1983::Gangnam style
Everyday im Shufflin 290::Grizzlies did a good job on Demarcus Cousins tonight
trevorcabo::Amazing how many fans think Jimmer is a player. Probably because he is white.He is buried on the bench on a no talent team for a reason. Smart is coaching to save his job. If Jimmer had any game, he would get real minutes
Jim7419::Get a LIFE!!!
Jim7419::He's the next Steve Nash!
trevorcabo::In the Mormon church league
AstroTurfIsGood::who thinks hes a player? Homer kings fans or BYU fans
trevorcabo::Not anyone who runs an NBA franchise
Jim7419::Anyone that knowsANYTHING about basketball!
Jim7419::Yes you are clueless. Ask Steve fisher what type of a player he is. He needs to be on a real team. Not ball hogs!!
trevorcabo::Ask any NBA GM&gt; If he had any value, they would pick him up in trade for 2nd round draft pick. He isnt even worth that. Sac would love to rid themselves of that wasted contract
Jim7419::U must beafrican American. Few black players like Jimmer because of all the publicity he gets. SELFISH!!!
trevorcabo::He gets no time on the court because players are jealous of him. Do you actually think before you type?
Jim7419::U r clueless just like the selfish king players!!!
trevorcabo::Another delusinal mormon. Youy probably think Tebow can throw a football as well
SacKings..MinnVikingsFan::Trade Evans
SacKings..MinnVikingsFan::For a new owner
knight_rider_1983::The Bromance for Jimmer is strong amongst us
sjc756::when in postseason more chance to be embarassed in the playoffs then you would during the season, and thats is what Grizzlie fans are going to feel in the playoffs like against OKC. And OKC is no better as well, very over rated team OKC are.
emthomasjr::All of your basketballs are belong to us.
1grizzfan4life::Don't be so sour because you AND your $@%!$@ team sucks! Have for years... GET OVER IT!
icepik1234::You're so dumb it makes my head hurt. You know whats ugly? Jimmer's shooting percentage this game.
icepik1234::Dude talks like I.R. Baboon
sjc756::and do you have a profile pick? no because you must be Ugly
ChumRoastBeef::You said this 20 times already. Thank you we understand you are mad that the Kings lost. Just accept the loss.
icepik1234::ESL much? Nobody can understand what you're saying.
rayallen1920::jimmer almost cost me lots of money
Grantox::jimmer get out of this slump!!!!
roy2daboy::GRIT N MOTHERFU..CKING GRIND GRIZZ!!!!!!!
Everyday im Shufflin 290::GG Kings fan
utclindsay::Don't ask me how to stop Ellington. He scored 25 on me. Dwayne Wade
berlin089::how does a team not show up at home  games
MemphisTn7414::Great win Memphis!
russwilsonislegit::little folks screaming we love u jimmer..   and there in lies the reason he is hated on this team.... boogie cuz doesnt understand why parents dont have their little ones  scream we love u boogie
