Jake Hartman::"People say it is a rivalry -- I don't really see it." .... me neither Derrick.. me neither.
Alex Vargas::Daisy Minks report this clown^
Paul Nellom::Derrick Rose has more turnovers and personal fouls than assists...........Overhyped bum.
Mike Plummer::If you took away the jump shot, the three pointer and the assists what would you have left? Derrick Rose.
Maurice Calhoun::Rose can go 0-50 from the field with 14 turnovers and Bulls Fans will still say he's the best player in the league. I hate them ..
Lexi Vaughn::Maurice Calhoun ....right
Jody George Prats::The Bulls were better without Rose
Brent B Jacoby::i concur... have been preaching that for a long time now
Paul Nellom::Don't tell that to delusional Bulls fans. Derrick Rose could go 10-28 with 2 assists, 4 fouls, 1 rebound, and 7 turnovers, and they will still defend him till the death.
John Keros::Chicagoan here.  Fans here definitely 'lionize' Rose every chance possible.  Rose will regain his form at some point.  But Rose never has carried the team.  They beat a #3 seed w/o him.
Shane Flannagan::I agree with Derrick Rose, this isnt a rival at all. Bulls dont even deserve to be in the same place where the Pacers are. Great win Pacers!!!!!!!. Ooo and also where are the Bulls fans bragging about being 8-0 in the meaningless preseason ? lol 5-0 Pacers in REAL games!!!
Nate Rose::you mean the same fans who said we had no chance with rose back..
Paul Steeno::4 games mean nothing in the NBA. wait till the regular season ends and the playoffs come then we will see who is talking.
Shane Flannagan::Yep, we only took the Heat to game 7 last year and Pacers improved the bench big time. But with turnover machine Rose back for the Bulls, ooo god we have no shot at winning the East now
Ian Cheffins::Go Pacers!
Paul Nellom::15 points, 3 turnovers, and 0 assists. - Derrick Rose  That is a point guard I wouldn't want on my team.
Marcus Grein::Gettin outplayed by donald sloan, who else is he gonna let run all over him?
Johnny Tuzzoli::Norris Cole destroyed Rose in the season opener on both ends of the floor. hahaha poor Bulls fans believing the guy had gained 4" in vert hahahaha
Jason Willy::I wouldn't want him on my team either. Roy Hibbert even had more assists than Rose.
Jody George Prats::The Bulls will beat the Pacers and Heat to get into the finals.   Sincerely, Nobod E Ever
Marcleen Bavogui::Kyle Rusco corny joke dude.. try something else
Johnny Tuzzoli::Kyle Rusco Old joke that haters use, I am a heat fan since they began as a franchise, don't be mad. Back then I watched chicago beat my team, but now its our turn, take it like a man how we did hahahahaha
Sardar Zh. Sadykov::nice trollin man
Andrew John Feeback::Bulls fans are like the Cowboys fans of the NBA: living off 90's glory and being totally obnoxious about it.
Sam Gibbs::Rose is right: The Pacers and Bulls are not rivals. It has to be a competitive series to be a rivalry. The Bulls aren't in the Pacers' league.
Joe Betz::Early season observations: Pacers go through droughts but are still able to win games because their offense has improved (without Granger and Hill).  Bulls are going through droughts and need last second luck to pull out wins because they don't have offensive weapons after Rose.
Cody Perin::Rose isn't even an offensive weapon right now....
Alan Wickman::Actually Rose is not even a Nat Robinson replacement right now.
David Willis::Alan Wickman Hes almost as effective as Rondo right now, but Rondo doesnt turn it over as much.
Herb Williams::Im a pacers fan but people are acting as if derrick rose wasnt out all last year. Give the guy a break. Once he gets more settled back with the team he will be great again. Smh at the ignorance of these haters lol
Trevor Powell::Who knew the most intelligent non biased comment of the night would come from a guy named Herb... Well played.
Marcleen Bavogui::nobody is saying he wont be derrick again.. problem is he has no help..
Jake Hartman::No that's not it at all. When D Rose dominated the PRESEASON, Bulls fans were yelling from the rooftops about how they were the best team in the NBA. Not only that, but D Rose says that the Pacers aren't a rival... it's not Pacers fans being ignorant, it's Bulls fans being idiotic.
David Morrissey::So when does Rose come back?
David Twiztidjuggalo Madhouse::when lebron james earns a title lol
Alan Wickman::When Reggie and mom tell him its ok to play again.
Campbell Miller::Danny Grangers return > Drose return.
Rj Base::MVP RETUREN > Over 1 time ALL-Star Granger fool !!!
Corey Pyle::Rj Base Spelling > you
Rj Base::Yea ok my finger hit a button on the phone, the fact that all you have is a spelling mistake to comment on proves my point clown.
Benny Thai Tran::Luis Scola bytches!
Dean Helming::butt hurt chicago fans.  lol
Argila XHookahx Bar::All the hate these boards get, I hope the Bull and Pacers stay healthy and atop the conference the whole season and have some good battles in the playoffs. That is after the Bulls or Pacers knock off the heat.
Lamont Mathews::am right alone with you
Scott Baker::The Bulls would have to GET atop the conference before they had a chance to STAY there.
Santiago Ortiz::I dont see this happening
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Bulls will fall to 1-3, no way they beat NBA's best team on the road with how Rose is playing
Kenyatte Reed::Not so fast my friend... Expect the bulls to come out early, 1-3 don't look good...
Anthony Garibay::lol pacers are far from number 1. bulls will have best regular season again with rose back n have u guys seen boozer butler n deng we have enough offense
Maximillian Nazabal::Rose is 5-9 from the field, what game are you watching?
Matt Richardson::So are the Pacers still not worthy enough to be a rival D Rose?
Maliiq ElDiablo::what he meant was he knew the Bulls were not enough competition to the Pacers to be considered rivals
Marcus Grein::pg 6-18 1 assist, hes an inefficient chucker too.
Corey Pyle::That would be a great point except he's 2nd in the NBA in PPG before tonight. Shooting 53% FG and 45% 3PT. Nice try though ;)
Zack Schooler::Moron. And that should be considered a compliment, you're welcome
Marcus Grein::Corey Pyle not anymore and he is getting carried in this game.
Jody George Prats::Rose is -25 this game.  The worst of all players
Campbell Miller::Grangers field goal % > Drose field goal % this season.
Andrew Wills::actually, it isnt, because no score is impossible to compare to anything... Granger has not played in a regular season game yet (and Im a Pacersf an, we dont need him)
Jody George Prats::George is schooling Rose
David Willis::All these excuses about how he missed a year are true I mean its not like anyone ever came back from an ACL and went to run for over 2000 yards the next year in a sport where the knee is always getting hit....  Oh wait....
Jason Cutler::Yes, because every ACL injury is exactly the same... /sarcasm
David Willis::Jason Cutler No but the fact that someone who cuts and takes hits to his knee is out there with out any missing seasons, and a basketball player took a whole year off and cant even show up in shape says something about Rose's mentality or work ethic. Maybe he should have rehabbed harder and not shot so many commercials.
Nolan Hughes::Jason, there is also a huge difference between taking 9 months to heal and 18 months! Rose has been cleared since late January, he didn't play thus he better have been in the weight room from early February till the present. If Kobe, Durant, or LeBron got injured they would be doing anything possible to get back in shape. Rose did not. You don't shoot 31% in 4 regular season games after 9 months of being cleared to play but never playing a regular season game!
Amy Hudson::Pacers found something tonight by putting Paul George on Rose. I think we will see more of it in future matchups.
Paul Steeno::once rose starts clicking, George cant guard him.
Mark Slalom Anderson::Paul Steeno dude you're so right.  *yawn*
Marcleen Bavogui::Paul Steeno  what? george cant guard rose
Brian Robbins::Career night for Rose. 40% shooting, 4 TO and 2 assists. I think MJ's legacy is secure.
Kristin Vaughn::That's not too far off from his MVP season... Below 45% from the field for the whole season.. Didn't even have a top 10 PER in the league.  Not hating on Derrick Rose or anything, but he is an overrated wreckless volume scorer who literally cries real tears in commercials to sell shoes to kids. Just sayin'...
Brent B Jacoby::Kristin Vaughn couldn't agree more
David Twiztidjuggalo Madhouse::Kristin Vaughn  your a reatard do you live in chicago have you seen there murder rates rose is all chicago has for the kids he cried because of the city you don't know shyt about rose.
