paulleena12::<b><a> R O <sub> N D <sup> OOOOOO <b></b></sup></sub></a><a> OOOOOOOOOOOOOOO</a></b>
paulleena12::<b><a>GO C E <sub> L T <sup> I C <b></b></sup></sub></a><a> S !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!</a></b>
KMartKidd56::I love the amount of Knick fans that troll every game thread that involves the Nets.  Haters gonna hate!!!! **BKN**
FAILconsFearNola::Celtics and all Boston teams for that matter just aren't on the same lvl as NY
Blakegriffinyaho::Len B ias didn't even want to play for the celtics.
ApookTheDestroyer::He could have found a better way of getting out of it.
Dave6673::I thought that monster first half KG submitted with 2 points and 2 rebounds would propel them to victory. Guy is a beast!
green solution::He should be at the 4 (Forward). Rivers is screwing this team up.
marcus502414::C's are playing at 50% of their potential without their starting backcourt playing together, Rondo and Bradley...Not to mention  two rookies who are in the rotation and 4-5 new players like jason Terry , jeff Green , Babosa,Courtney Lee ,Darko militic ..These guys are learing how to play with each other ..The team looks good to be playing only at 50% I give them about 30 games until you see the celtics at 90%-100%, depending on how long it takes Bradley and Darko to get back healthy ...
ApookTheDestroyer::I wouldn't lay too much hope on Darko being useful. He hasn't been useful anywhere else.
KingFielding609::Celtics are garbage
bossgringo88::good contribution
marcus502414::In your dreams dick in the butt little boy
suchita216::Wish Jeff Green knew how to stay aggressive all the time and attack the rim.  Even Bass, especially when his jumpers are not going in.
Finding Bigfoot::Pierce turns the ball over WAY TOO MUCH!
Fear the Gr0nk::He only had 2 turnovers last night....   Jeff Green however..  4 turnovers in 25 minutes.   Thats to many turnovers.
green solution::Green is still in a cloud.
suchita216::Jeff Green needs to stay consistent and actively involved.  Many times he still looks lost out there.
knicklyn::Good win for Nets at home, but not a good tell of where they sit in the east.  Knick Fan in Brooklyn? http://www.facebook.com/Knicklyn
Excelscior1::Why wouldn't there be? Not many NY fans supported the Nets when they were in Jersey. You're not going to change your allegiance--all of a sudden, cause they're in NYC now.
KMartKidd56::Wrong.  Tons of Knick fans have defected to Brooklyn b/c people of Brooklyn have a ton of pride in their borough. Now that they have a team to call their own, they are supporting it.
suchita216::Rebounding is all out effort, out-muscle, boxing out and there was no reason that we gave 14 offensive rebounds in the first half and none in the third quarter.  We should always have effort on rebounds and be in the middle of the pack not the last team.  Not acceptable.
Shaun0088::The next Celtics game you watch please watch closely and you'll see they dont even try to get offensive rebounds.If a Celtics player misses the team gets back on defense right away and dont worry about getting the rebound.
Nebula29x::http://judasvanderberg.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/cat-giving-up.jpeg
Fear the Gr0nk::Part of the rebounding problem is Doc likes to go small.    It creates better offense, but I think we really need a center who will just stay in there and rebound.
green solution::And Doc will never do that. A good coach would.
suchita216::Assuming Rondo will play the next game.
a617guy::Yeah, it's tough to take your leader away from that team especially since they haven't played that long together. They will find ways to win without Rondo on the court. I like the way the bench looks overall, and the ceiling seems very high for this team.
suchita216::We had so many chances of winning the game yesterday, if only we played smart in 4th Qtr.  Good signs.
RayNy2ATL::So did the billionaire pay the nba to show all of these boring @ss Nets games on national television this year?
Excelscior1::@Bossgringo  I was thinking the same. Trade Amare before he even comes back. But they probably can't, cause teams need to see how his knees are (which will cause the Knicks problems when he's there).
bossgringo88::the injury problems for Amare will make it tough to trade him.  he would be a good fit with his old Phx coach and teammate in LA. not sure how that would go down though... they could maybe trade World Peace, another decent bench player and some draft picks... but I dunno how many teams would want to risk a lot on Amare the way his injury struggles have been.  it's a shame because I think Amare is a good player and good guy, but he'll probably never have as good a situation for him that will cater to his game than in PHX
a617guy::One team that comes to mind is......wait for it........the LAKERS!! Amare reuiniting with Nash and D'Antoni would be a perfect fit. Amare would come off the bench if he could accept that role.  Who they would give up and could he fit the salary cap? I'm not sure.
Excelscior1::@Bossgringo88  Yeah, but NYC fans won't root for Buffalo, if/when the Giants or Jets are losing (unless they're in the Superbowl). And most of the Hockey, Basketball and Baseball teams are ACTUALLY in NYC or the NYC area, so that's not an option (rooting for another NY team out of town).
bossgringo88::yea, but who the h-ll would root for Buffalo? hahah.  I personally would not enjoy having multiple teams in my city... it seems like Mets and Yanks fans always stick with one or the other, but for NBA and NFL it's different.  as for hockey (if it ever returns) it will be a different feel when the Islanders move into the city.  not sure if that will make too many more Islanders fans though, since they suck so bad
Excelscior1::Yup on Amare. Either way he'll ruin the chemistry on the court starting; or he'll remove it on the bench--if/when he doesn't start--by pouting.
bossgringo88::they should trade Amare.  might not get a great return but it would solve that problem.  Amare for Josh Smith? probably wouldn't happen... just thinking out loud.
a617guy::Yeah i'm guessing they thought the Nets were gonna be New York's team. But the way the Knicks are playing, they actually both look good this year.
a617guy::Exactly. I've never heard a more vocal group of fans as the Knicks fans when their team is doing well. But when they are struggling, they all hide seem to hide in their shells. My Facebook feed is blanketed with Knicks posts right now. They'll eventually fade as the season goes and the fans will become fairweather yet again.
bossgringo88::all I know is that New Yorkers will all be Knicks fans for a few weeks until they lose some... they can flip flop between the Nets and Knicks at their convenience.  just like it is for football...  stick with one, dorks!  it's just like Pennsylvania people (they're Phillies fans, and Steelers fans, and Penguins fans - whichever city has the better team at the time)
a617guy::Looking at the Knicks' recent history, I believe it. Oldest team in the NBA? Although that usually doesn't matter. The C's, Spurs, Lakers, and Mavs have all shown that.   I also think once Amare gets back, he will ruin all the chemistry developing between the players.
Excelscior1::Net's are a mirage. Maybe the Knicks to. It's too early in the season to see how this will all shake out.
a617guy::Usually, people who grow up in an area and choose not to root for their home teams are hipsters. Therefore, their sports credibility is lost like I said.
Excelscior1::Gotcha!!
bossgringo88::I'm pretty sure hipsters are too hip to be following popular sports (they watch cricket or badminton instead)... actually, I don't think hipsters are very athletic people.  believe me, I see them everywhere in NYC and they always look like a breeze will blow them away.  they're usually huddled up at record shops or vintage clothing stores, or at a concert for some lame band that nobody else cares about.
green solution::Excellent.
a617guy::Lol, yeah it was basically a knock at that NHRaven troll who is from Mass but roots for the Heat and Ravens. I equated it to him being a hipster and trying to be different from everybody.
Excelscior1::The irony is, that Arena is not situated in the "Hipster area" of Brooklyn, and most of people going there will be normal working, middle, upper middle and Wealth Class families and individuals.   Most of the folks you're talking about (who can blow away in the wind) won't go there (except on occasion). Lol.
Joeschmo loves Heat::Alright I'm outta here.  someone hand a617guy some tissues so he can wipe his tears please. Also hand him a pad or something... might be his time of the month.  Later
bossgringo88::burn.  peace out.
a617guy::I have a follower, nice!
nhraven5200::a617guy Kid from mass rooting for the Ravens and Heat. Credibility lost   No, im just not a homer.Im a true individual, not a follower.
ApookTheDestroyer::@nhraven ... you're not a true individual. You're a front runner. Or maybe I'm wrong.   Were you rooting for the Heat before LeBron got there?
bossgringo88::meh... I guess people don't have to root for the hometown teams... but it's still lame.  for me, growing up in New England, getting behind the Boston teams wasn't really a choice, just an ingrained decision.  I don't really understand people who don't align with the teams from where they're from (isn't it more fun to be part of the fanbase that you're surrounded with every day?)... but in my case, I had family who already was into everything and I basically had no choice.  I guess some kids start to get into sports from video games or watching sportscenter or whatever and they get drawn to different players and teams.  but I'm glad it turned out the way it did for me, I'll be reppin Beantown sports all over the globe, til I die.
bossgringo88::dunno why you'd pick two huge rivals of the hometeams either... you're gonna get a lotta crap gettin behind Ravens and Heat in New England... shoulda picked like the Nuggets and 49ers instead hahah
a617guy::It's called being an authentic New Englander...something this terorrist doesn't wanna be lol
a617guy::wow, you're the man.
Joeschmo loves Heat::I guess one of you has to be... and it certainly isn't you.
a617guy::C's are playing at 50% of their potential without their starting backcourt playing together, Rondo and Bradley.
green solution::I like AB, too, but let's not overvalue him. He'll push the teams effort a bit.
Joeschmo loves Heat::Clearly Bradley pushes 50% of the team.
Joeschmo loves Heat::By wildcard I mean the non-division leading teams... a lot easier to type wildcard...
bossgringo88::wildcard? what sport are we talking about again? I think Boston will win the Atlantic, we have a shot against Mia, but it will be a long shot.  I'll take the chance though. (goddam I can't get off this board today)  very slow Friday at work...
Joeschmo loves Heat::They had to "gel" as you would say it... the only difference is that their "ungelled" team was still good enough to make it to the Finals... yours will struggle for wildcard.
a617guy::They added the best player in the NBA and a perennial all-star... to another top-5 player. and they got embarassed by Dirk and Terry. Wow....
Joeschmo loves Heat::Oh "my wittle wittle bwain"  Oh please... not like the Heat made it to the Finals after adding many more players... but whatever.   The excuse machine keeps cranking!
a617guy::No, it might have something to do with adding a bunch of new players and getting them to gel. Something your little brain cannot comprehend.
bossgringo88::one more thing before I get back to work: this is totally off topic but I ate at Cafe Cubana, which is right by Barclays, before the game, and that place is a great little joint.  good atmosphere but still kinda small and intimate... great drinks, good music, great food and pretty cheap.  anybody going to games at Barclays should hit this place up if you like Latin food.  word up, peace out espn peeps, go celtics
Joeschmo loves Heat::Best Cuban food on the planet is always found in small, rinky-dinky restaurants... Gonna have to trust me on this. Go to the most rundown-looking Cuban place and you'll taste the best Cuban food of your life.
nhraven5200::Rondo was out but the Nets played like garbage.Its a wash.
uconn1511::Wallace is a great defender. Contributes some on offesne as well. But Gerald Wallace &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; keith Bogans. He is really missed. Forgot about Bradley though, he looked good last year
a617guy::Yeah Bradley turned the season around and they had the 2nd best record in the East for games he played in. He was better than Ray and that's why Ray got pis.s.ed and left.  Either way, Christmas they should al be back. Should be a good game.
uconn1511::wallace was out, joe Johnson was 6-19. Marshon Brooks was limited. Find a better excuse next time
bossgringo88::I'm not really buying that Wallace makes much of a difference.  watevah
a617guy::Bradley is out for the C's. He would guard Deron
Joeschmo loves Heat::Thanks for the meaningless comment a617guy.
a617guy::Thanks for the deep analysis.
nhraven5200::anytime.
nhraven5200::Told you the Nets would win.
bossgringo88::you better not be from NH, dude. band wagon!
bossgringo88::yea, that's kinda lame...
a617guy::Kid from mass rooting for the Ravens and Heat. Credibility lost
nhraven5200::No, im from Mass actually.
Joeschmo loves Heat::Congratulations. You win this potato --&gt; ()
a617guy::You're a genius. I mean, no PG on the C's and they lost? No way...
Joeschmo loves Heat::^ Excuse machine
supremekid912::Should be an interesting matchup on Christmas
bossgringo88::is that in New York or Boston? yea, should be a good game, hopefully
supremekid912::in brooklyn
supremekid912::in Brooklyn
supremekid912::Celtics could had won, and plus Pierce missed 2 key freethrows
a617guy::That doesn't matter. Celtics crush them with Rondo
Joeschmo loves Heat::No I'm arguing about stupid people (you).
a617guy::You're arguing about stupid shi.t and I don't have time for that. The Heat are older than the Celtics this year
Joeschmo loves Heat::You still haven't answered any of my questions Mr.Self-Contradiction. I'm gonna start calling you Starburst.
bossgringo88::yea then he came right back down the floor and hit a 3 in like 2 seconds.  what the heck Paul!
a617guy::The old Celtics? Pierce is their top scorer on most nights and KG has been KG. They're the only old ones...you idiots need to actually take a look at the roster before you make uneducated claims.
Shaun0088::Only 5 players on the entire roster are 30 or older.From what I understand it seems like once a player hits 30 he's considered "old".This is a pretty young team with new faces allover.It will take them a few games to gel and they'll be fine.
bossgringo88::you guys are kinda beefing about nothin... LAME
bossgringo88::hahah well if you walk to work it gets old.  shoulders start to ache from being all hunched up all the time.  the sad thing is, it's barely even started and I'm already sick of it.  what can you do...
Joeschmo loves Heat::Warm is nice but I really love the cold. Lived in topical weather my whole life
bossgringo88::well if you can take the cold... it's great to be here, so much to do and see.  but I wouldn't mind living somewhere warm year round.
Joeschmo loves Heat::Funny, I might be moving to NY in a few months.
bossgringo88::dammit.  chilly up in NYC and even worse in NH where I'm from.  I'm gonna move down there LOL.  I wish
Joeschmo loves Heat::Right now it's the best all year to be honest. High 70s and low 80s with a nice soft breeze
bossgringo88::aight at least you're legit.  hows the weather down there? lol
Joeschmo loves Heat::To answer your question, yes I am from Miami.
bossgringo88::it seems to be the most often-used comment when trying to knock the Cs.  they have JET who is old too... but can't complain about having old guys if the team wins.  Having said that, Celtics are way younger than they have been last few seasons with all these bench additions.  however, the vets are still carrying the team.
bossgringo88::I consider Rondo a vet.  he isn't old, but he's a vet
bossgringo88::it was pretty bad in the first few games but I think the bigger tv audience drew more attention to that.  but that foul treatment for Bron and Wade is nothing new... just the way it is. hard to draw a charge when those monsters are driving down the lane, basically playing football
Joeschmo loves Heat::Oh now it's the refs. You really are an idiot man. Clearly if Twitter talks about it must be true!  Get over yourself. You lost. Again. Against the Heat. Accept it and move on.   Stop being a little btch and wipe your tears.
bossgringo88::not a big fan of blaming the refs... even though they make a lot of mistakes.  in the end it all evens out, doesn't mean it's not frustrating to watch.  however, in games 6 and 7, I can't remember too many bad calls... Boston just couldn't stay with it.  it hurt but glad we gave Mia a good run, and I'd take a shot at them again.
a617guy::Wouldn't have even gotten there if the refs didn't hand LeBron 3 less FT's than the entire Celtics in game 2 to the point when the refs were the #1 WORLDWIDE TREND ON TWITTER.  Are you serious? It was the most rigged series i've ever seen in my life.
Joeschmo loves Heat::Oh now you're going there. You're getting desperate.   Clearly Stern handed Lebron a nearly perfect shooting night in Games 6 and 7. All Stern right? You're gasping for air at this point if that's your argument.
bossgringo88::where you from Joe? Miami?
a617guy::As long as Stern keeps handing LeBron victories.
Joeschmo loves Heat::Yea they're good enough to be number 2 in the East. Congratulations.
a617guy::No shi.t sherlock...it puts it in perspective how good they can be, especially with the new roster additions.
Joeschmo loves Heat::Up 3-2 doesn't mean anything unless you get the fourth win. Which they didn't.
a617guy::Rondo is carrying the team... the vets are still playing like the vets from last year, who were up 3-2 in the ECF. the idiots don't realize this
Joeschmo loves Heat::Terry and Collins. You should take a look at the roster before you make uneducated claims.
Joeschmo loves Heat::You admitted that Pierce is old at 35. But Terry isn't old at 35? Explain that to me please.
a617guy::And people saying they're old this year is just stupid..it's a continuation of last year's bs. Yeah every 35 year old is the same
bossgringo88::LET'S ARGUE ABOUT SEMANTICS.  fascinating
Joeschmo loves Heat::1 - 35 isn't old for Terry but it is for Pierce? You admitted that Pierce was old and Terry and him are the same age. Stupid.  2 -He is on the team this year and people are saying they are old this year.
a617guy::1) 35 is NOT old for Terry 2) Terry wasn't even part of the Celtics last year...he doesn't matter when it comes to the "old" claims. They were in the ECF without him
Joeschmo loves Heat::You made a false claim yourself is what I'm saying. Terry is old and you said he wasn't. By your logic, that makes you unintelligent.
a617guy::No I just hate unintelligent people who make claims like that.
Joeschmo loves Heat::No. But you said they were the ONLY ones... I pointed out two more. Where did I say that Terry was bad? I just said he was old.  You are pretty defensive but I'm sure that's because your team keeps losing.
a617guy::Collins, who averages no more than 10 minutes a game, and Terry, who facialized the Heat just 2 years ago in the Finals..made LeBron his bi.tch. Oh, I get it..you just hate Terry.
bossgringo88::Collins isn't really a factor, got his first minutes of the season, I think, last night.  he might play more against teams with multiple legit bigs.
bossgringo88::as for the game itself - surprised the AP article didn't mention the TERRIBLE foul call on Barbosa when he made a clean steal off Williams late in the game.  score was tied at that point and could have given Boston a chance to take the lead.  ANYBODY could see that was a clean steal... refs ate their whistles at the most important moment.  So Nets fans who think they did something, just know that we'll be back with Rondo later (I screamed this at the top of my lungs in section 222 just to make sure everybody knows)  another word about D-Will: great player obviously but goddam the refs are confusing him with Kobe.  every time a defender breathed on him he was going to the line.  I guess that's the norm in the NBA but it was pretty irritating.  can't complain too much, he's an awesome offensive player but he doesn't need the extra help from the whistles.  screw the refs, they better give Boston the calls at the Garden then.
Excelscior1::Yes, both he (William's) and the rest of the Nets got favorable calls. The guy plays no defense though. If Rondo would have played that game, he would of had 30 pts, 20 asst and 10 rebs against that team.
bossgringo88::I was at the game last night.  first time @ Barclays, there were some good and bad things about it.  first of all, I was in the nosebleeds and it was dam steep up there, almost tripped over the cup holders passing folks in the aisle and fell down.  second, not a fan of turning the lights down, think that's pretty weak. third, so much loud crappy music (too much techno pop crap)... I like Jay-Z and can live with all the Brooklyn Brooklyn Brooklyn quotes but it's kinda cheesy. I'm a Celtics fan visiting from New England, there were a lot of C's fans in the house and up in my top section there were a few 'let's go celtics' chants going.  Brooklyn fans finally woke up when they took the lead back in the 4th quarter... not sure if I would go out of my way to go to Barclays again but it was fun seeing the Celts play in NYC (wish they pulled out the win)
kevinj1264::Boston Celtics are about as old as the city they play in.
Finding Bigfoot::Boston is 400 years old.  no one lives to be that old. die in a fire trollfa.g
_I Am A Celtic_::You're a moron
Syrindge::If the celtics had boxed out in the first half like they did the second half they would have won by 25. Too bad they couldn't make a shot in the second half of the fourth, cost them the game. All-in-all not a bad showing considering it was the second half of a back-to-back on the road and Rondo didn't play.
bossgringo88::completely agree... can't be too bummed about the performance given the circumstances, but they were totally outworked 1st half and could have made it closer.  Also, Bass had a terrible shooting night and this could have changed things... he missed multiple wide open chances that he usually knocks down.  Lee had a great hard-working game though (scored a lot for himself and grabbed a bunch of boards).... and Green had a poor outing.
stefaniepetrillo@gmail.com::everyone saying Celtics didn't have Rondo, meanwhile Nets didn't have their best defensive player (Wallace) and Joe Johnson played like sh*t and Nets still won ..
Fear the Gr0nk::Well Rondo &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Wallace.   And Celtics didn't have Bradley either, who is their best defensive player besides KG
Jeremy Lin Is God::Joe Johnson always plays like sh*t.  That is his motto.  "Play like sh*t, get paid $20 mil+ a year, profit $$$"  ;)
Jeremy Lin Is God::Why are like half the arena sounds music clips of Jay-Z songs?  What a bum!  Most of that stuff isn't appropriate for the average fan.  ;)
NYChe21::Good.  That's called Home Court.  Welcome to Brooklyn.  Love it.
poopwonk1::I just hate that JZ has taken over a team on the east coast and... he took over nba 2k. The music and intros to the game are terrible.
kevinj1264::you can take the man out of the hood, but the hood will always be in the man, I can wait to visit the Barclay center,
Jeremy Lin Is God::The intro is from his old as hell album Dynasty from back in 2000 or something.  The music in the arena has nothing to do with basketball.  I feel like I'm watching some And 1 tournament when the Nets are on TV.  Bunch of ghetto trash if you ask me.  ;)
stefaniepetrillo@gmail.com::Brooklyn doesn't cater to the average fan .. ur thinking about the Knicks there
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Almost had it. Go CELTICS.
chaser123456::if your name is jeremy lin (overrated) is god...your a $@%!$@
Will Crumly::thats good soup is a complete stupid $@%.... if Lebron has no talent than why the hell is  killing the rest of the players in the nba
Jeremy Lin Is God::Almost beat Heat last year but you didn't and let that no-talent balding doofus named Lebron James win a title.  ;)
NYChe21::Congratulations on your first season of watching basketball.
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Did you really?
BCEagles77382::Damn now everyone is a big nets fan hahaha.  Good game Brooklyn. But damn.....they STILL the Nets and they haven't done $@%!. People on here like we talking about the Knicks with their great history.
Kaluroso::The old Celtics keep losing. Fab Melo is a bust.
scmetsfan::I don't care if rondo didnt play, it was a big win for my nets
bostonwildcats::This is just not a good Celtic team.  Sure, they added "pieces", but the pieces added were simply not the right combination.    The chemistry is terrible on this team.   They will make the playoffs I'm sure, but any hopes of them being a contender to win the East are obviously shattered unless they make a "major" move and I don't see that happening.
poopwonk1::People need to stop over reacting. Its still really early in the season. You have Rondo and Bradley out this game. Imagine the defense when you have a guy like Bradley shaving off 4 seconds of shot clock every time he presses a guard up the court. The bigs will play better on defense because bradley is the best in the nba at running around picks. This team will get it together soon enough. Green has been showing great signs of being more of an A----HOLE and Sully will only get better. This team needs to find some way to rebound against bigger teams thats the biggest weakness. Defense they will be great come later in the season. Offense will be better than years past. Rebounding still an issue. This team would have crushed the nets if it werent for the first half rebounding. GO CELTS
Is That All You Know::Celtics are like a reliable car they will work when you need them.
capclip9::Why does it matter that the Celtics were "Rondo-less"? The Nets have been "Wallace-less" all season thus far, except the first game, and have been "Brooks-less" for much of it as well. Not comparing those guys to an elite PG, but the fact still remains, the Nets have been operating without two very important pieces as well, much of the time. Injuries are part of the game. There is no asterisk next to this win. Don't take anything away from the Nets, or sell them short over any of these last four wins. A good team is supposed to beat inferior teams, which the Nets have done, and capitalize when a strong opponent is not at full strength. Nets managed to beat the Clippers last year, with D-Will hurt and Jordan Farmar starting at the point. Should that win count for MORE than just a win? Nobody ever said last season that they beat a "Lopez-less" Nets team. Injuries are part of the game, guys are hurt from time to time, but at the same time, there is no guarantee as to what kind of impact a particular player will have on a game, so to say that Rondo's absence was the difference in this game is near-sighted and bitter. Are the Nets better than a full-strength Celts team? Who Knows? The Nets are not at full-strength right now themselves, so maybe next time the two teams meet, the game will have a different complexion in regards to BOTH teams. You just need to be good enough to beat the team you are playing on a given night, and thus far, more often than not, the Nets have been. Keep that up, and you make the playoffs.
Excelscior1::Wallace is a scrub. And if you want to go there, Boston's was missing their starting backcourt last night.
uofacatsfan1969::betting with an online system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months. I have made over $3,000 a month now for three straight months since I started following it. This system was on the very first page of Google when I searched terms like Baseball Betting System or Sports Betting System.
stat3250::Should I trade Lebron for Kyrie and Gortat?
Timmy023::i wouldnt right now id wait a little lebrons a monster and plays through most injuries if he gets any not sure how gortat would react if hurt im sure who ever you would be trading will trade for lebron of the sure wow fact of having him on their team also look at nene put him on ur watch list if hes a free agent still hurt but targeting the next few weeks as a season debut
stat3250::Somebody drafted nene and stashed him up until now. But if both guys will be both theoretically healthy all year would you do it? Who do you suggest I try to trade Lebron for Timmy?
Timmy023::pretty good roster id look for a better pg though maybe throw waiters in with holiday for a goran dragic or a lou williams hes on my team comes off the bench and gets twenty but not a high assists man dragic is a better passer
stat3250::Aight thanks so no go on the bron trade even though Kyrie and Gortat combined would give me better stats?
stat3250::Roster: Holiday, Lowry, Turner, Marc Gasol, Unibrow, Asik, Mcgee, Harden, Waiters, Jason Thompson, Shawn Marion, Eric Gordon, Seraphin and Lebron
Timmy023::who is your point guard and center?
Timmy023::no lol bron bron almost had a triple double 2nite
Timmy023::BROOOK- LYNNN BROOOOOKK- LYNNN f**k the knicks
supremekid912::6-0!!!!
Archbob1::I guess Lopez doesn't need to rebound since Humphries has that covered.
capclip9::His four blocks have to count for something, no?
uofacatsfan1969::I've been following a bet system called SportsBettingStar a few months back. Since I started playing this system I have doubled my money in just two months. You can find this system on the first page of google if you search the words Sports Betting System.  I recommend this system to anyone that likes to bet on sports like I do
BravesCougsPackersSounders::Name suggestions for when the Nets change their name..  -Brooklyn Rapist -Brooklyn Child Molesters  -Brooklyn Wife Beaters -Brooklyn Thieves  -Brooklyn Murders -Brooklyn Bank Robbers -Brooklyn Car Jackers -Brooklyn Car Prowlers -Brooklyn Homeless -Brooklyn Drunks -Brooklyn Druggies -Brooklyn Dropped out of Schoolers  I think that covers all of the names that people in Brooklyn can relate too.
stefaniepetrillo@gmail.com::this is probably some dooosh bag from the south .. not a surprise since the south has the worst education and highest obesity rates that dumb, fat a_sses like this guy sit on their butt all day coming up with dumb sh*t like this and posting it
capclip9::Yeah, we can also relate a$$holes who don't know what the f*ck they are talking about. Have you ever been to Brooklyn? Or are you just basing your comment on cliches from 35 years ago?
Rolltide4203::h
Timmy023::ur honestly a f.ag go rot in hell bk all day
AussieRaven52::What city in America does not have any of that?
NameThatScrub::Deron Williams is such s great point guard. I mean he scored 57 against the Bobcats! What other PG scores 57 against the Bobcats? I KNOW RONDO CANT SCORE THAT MUCH!!!! D-will &gt; Rondo that's for sure/// heheheh. [(What you just read makes up the gist of any troll/hater's argument as to why they consider players such as deron Williams to be better PGs than Rondo. The lack of typical basketball knowledge seen here is often sickening. At the end of the day Rondo has the third longest active assist streak and he will retire top 5 all time in assists and steals with another ring or two, and be a hall of famer that is all  morons.
Excelscior1::Williams hasn't been that good, since he's left the point guard friendly offense of Jerry Sloane at Utah.
Excelscior1::Rondo would have scored 30 against Williams last night. Deron can't guard Rondo and Rondo plays excellent defense on him (held Deron to like 8 pts last year). Nonetheless, the Celts had their chances and should have won the game. No excuses.
Timmy023::and yet.. he nets one so this rant is irrelevant you dumb $@% front running piece of s.hit
stefaniepetrillo@gmail.com::this team also still has to gel with so many new pieces .. Rondo has been with Celtics and same core players for awhile now
Rolltide4203::williams prob not better now. maybe used to be.. but hes not the passer he used to be either
smokeysaj::Yea, watching Williams now it's hard for me to fathom how he was in the conversation as the best PG in the league a few seasons ago, he hasn't been very consistent.  As for ppl that would bring up that 57 point game(against the Bobcats who posted the worst win% in history lol) as a talking point, Rondo scored 44 points, dished out 10 assists, grabbed 8 rebounds, and stole the ball 3 times against the eventual champions in the Eastern Conference Finals.
ChargersFan4Life001::gn to anybody left
kiss_thee_ring::ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ. C'S NEED RAY ALLEN. TOO MUCH SCRUBS ON THE TEAM NOW. $@%! BOSTON
LetsGoBraves2012::JOE JOHNSON SHAT ON BOSTON TONIGHT
meltzercool1::good when it mattered most
ChargersFan4Life001::he was 6-19 not that good
NYChe21::But you guys couldn't stop him in the 4th.  Couldn't stop him.  Pierce and Green got took.
Go Wolves14::GN BOOGIE
ChargersFan4Life001::gn
LetsGoBraves2012::CELDICKS SUCK
Go Wolves14::BOOGIE ANSWER
ChargersFan4Life001::its a joke dude calm down
TresMilagro::Dude, your keyboard is stuck.
Go Wolves14::What?
