Adam Aycock::Prob the first game this year where I can't wait to watch, call me crazy but I see Cleveland going to the playoffs with this deng trade
George Chip Thayer::I would call you normal for thinking that.   The East is so bad this year, it's possible.    I'm really looking forward to this game.   Considering #1, how fun the Cavs game was to watch the other day and #2... to see if and how Deng fits in with this group.
Nick Brandenburg::agreed
Christian Shea Loyacano::Best case scenario the Cavs get back to .500 before the season is over. That's a playoff spot. (4-8 seed)
Bobby Richardson::Bulls fan here,good luck to Deng!
Art Garrelli::bennett should be starting
Ron Nancy Holmes::Carter Williams should be starting for the Cavs talent evaluation is horrible.
Tazmon L'vis Sims::Ron Nancy Holmes...I don't think it matters, this organization has a horrible track record of helping young players mature...how can we  know if Anthony Bennet can play?
Joe Middleton::Over who?  Tristan Thompson?  Deng?  I don't see how you can think that.  I'm hoping you're being sarcastic.....  Tazmon - we know that he cannot play because we have watched him.  Dude is pretty bad.
George Chip Thayer::Good game!    Deng getting double coverage a lot during this game left our shooters open.   Welcome to the other north shore Mr. Deng.
Erich Ross::The OTHER north shore?  Lake Michigan lies to the East of Chicago, not to the north.
Luke Anthony::Erich Ross Does that mean Corpus Christi is an east coast city?
George Chip Thayer::Erich Ross and what lies across Lake Michigan?    It's a shore.   It's a northern city.
Tad Olsen::Someone needs to remind the Jazz that we wont get Parker if we keep winning games! I love watching them win, but id rather see them suck this year, get a killer draft pick and be even better over the next 10 years
Alex Rudd::Seriously.... Every win is bittersweet
Matthew Todd Ballinger::The Jazz don't have to have the worst record to win the lottery. Since the lottery was introduced in 1985, only 4 times has the team with the worst regular season record got the #1 overall pick. Just hang in the bottom 5 and you'll be fine.
Jamie Brentwood::Matthew Todd Ballinger Jazz won't be in the bottom 5. Just look at their record since Trey Burke started playing. Since their win vs Chicago back in November they are exactly .500. Prior to that they had a single win in their first 15 games. They are an exponential trend in this league, as opposed to teams like Orlando, Boston, and the Lakers who are on a constant decline. Jazz are becoming a solid .500 team which is unfortunate because they could have had a potential all-star player in this draft that would have propelled them out of mediocrity.
Josh Springer::Deng scores 10 in 21 minutes. Good game!
Juan No Grvty Rivera::I think deng was a good trade for the cavs so much the fact that he is averages 19 points per game while bymun was only scoring 8 so they are doubling on player scoring which will help a lot and he is averaging 6 rebounds and bynum was averaging 5 that on rebound can help a lot more
Christian Shea Loyacano::also need to consider that Deng takes away scoring chances from the likes of other scorers on the team, so you can't really gauge using the fact that he's averaged 19...plus he's playing with all new players that he's yet to get in a rhythm with.
Doug Speck::what are you smoking.  kyrie has carried the team.  he has strong stats.  he's just more injury prone
Vin Turner::Shooting percentage?
Matthew Todd Ballinger::Vin Turner is the highest on the team for the back court.
Matthew Todd Ballinger::Hopefully tonight is a sign of things to come! Statement made tonight.
Jesse Hiatt::Ok Jazz it's time to let this game go, a win isn't beneficial to us.
Brandon Sloey::Deng was solid, 21 mins with 10 pts and a +/- +10. Nice Debut!
Jacob Dockter::now that irving and deng are playing i like clev by a lot
Reginald Mark Todd::did deng already get hurt?
Michael Shen::Kyrie on fire!!!!!!
Tazmon L'vis Sims::I am going to call it a season...Lebron didn't leave he escaped.....I am done with the Mike Brown experiment...He is the same putz who was fired the first time...being stubborn and refusing too learn from past mistakes....I want him gone....Young team with a coach, who can't coach young players,,,,,is a recipe for what you see here....Up for teams with winning records, but can't finish....long lapse of offensive ineptitude....Bynum and Bennet quoting on him...Dion Waiters wanting out....Kyrie regressing...Gee and miles tons of minutes for guys who are not part of the future....can't do...can't care that much about them
Alan Bonness::ok good dont come back to any cavs game chat.
Tazmon L'vis Sims::Alan Bonness  there is only 36 comments here, so what exactly are you defending? when you look back in 2 years time and Kyrie is with the Lakers, Lebron who was from nearby Akron and still had to get out, ....rebuilding through the draft once again...oh wait, back to my point above, but that's right, you pipe in with the emotional argument of a 9 year old child when you ask them how they feel about their boy band or fave player and continue, for that is your right.....
George Chip Thayer::Tazmon L'vis Sims you're way off base here Tazmon.    The only emotionally charged post is yours not Alan's.    i'm not a Mike Brown fan, but I am a fan of what he's done from a defensive stand point.    And I disagree with you about Kyrie Irving digressing.    Dude is a lot better this year.   His assists per is way up, he actually gets a rebound now and then and is making an effort on the Defensive side of the floor.   And what does living near a city have to do with the team you play with when it comes to professional sports.    I don't have specific data in front of me, but guessing I'd say more than 90% of players play in cities not near their home towns.
Tiara Brown::The Cavs are doing a good job putting the pieces together. Irving an Deng are solid. Thompson and Miles are starting to shine in their roles. Andy is good, but it may be time for the Cavs to search for a younger, dominant player to support him over the next couple of years. Now they just need to do what the Browns did with 1st round draft pick RB Trent Richardson - trade Bennett to a team that still thinks he's worth something.
Brandon Trumble::Cav's obviously have no depth at SF position. So why did Deng only play 21 minutes? I know we won but still. I would keep him out there at least around 30 minutes to keep gelling with the other starters and build chemistry around them. I obviously don't condone what Chicago did to him which is over work him on minutes but the next 10 games or so determine how the rest of the season may go!
Jake Gilliland::Liked the Energy the Cavs showed last night and Kyrie seemed to be playing much more relaxed knowing that Deng was there for a release outlet if needed, which allowed Waiters to play w more confidence too....If these Cavs get a full head of steam to go w this Confidence they're going to be scary...
Kevin Russell::http://kevinrussell7571.wix.com/vipsportspicks
Jonathan Stokes::Now if we could only get that win back from the Thunder. Keep losing. For the love! Keep losing! We the fan base expect it. We want it. There is nothing to gain from any of these wins. Pride? As good old Marsalis Wallace once said: "F@#! Pride!"
Adam Youman::All of a sudden this team has some actual depth with the addition of deng. and for some reason bulls are playing well without him...we still miss you deng
Ron Nancy Holmes::Kyrie is a bum. Too worried about endorsements no work ethic. Keep playing the way you are and you'll be done very soon.
Matthew Todd Ballinger::22 PPG sure makes you a bum.
Ron Nancy Holmes::Matthew Todd Ballinger He's a ball hog. Has absolutely no work ethic. Say what you want about LeBron But he always worked hard. I think Kyrie is holding this team back. We have better scorers than him. They just don't get the ball.
Matthew Todd Ballinger::Ron Nancy Holmes Who says he has no work ethic? Are you at every practice watching him?
Brandon Starrett::I would definitely like to see Deng just average 15 and 5 rebounds a night. Definite 3-6 seed if that happens
Anthony Trella::A 3 seed lmao wow
Brandon Starrett::Anthony Trella do you see anyone else taking that seed over? no, its up for grabs
Matthew Todd Ballinger::Anthony Trella Cavs are 6.5 GB of the 3 seed with 47 games left. It's more likely than you think.
Michael John::Already miss you Lou! Cavs got a great player and will probably now go to be a 5 seed in the weak East
Samuel Fisher::What happened to the Lakers Earl Clark? If that's a compliment.
George Chip Thayer::Earl the Pearl isn't shining too much these days.
