johnnyx2011::And you fans BOOOOED Larry Bird when he drafted Paul George. Look what he's doing now!
KevinSinger78675::Pistons suck!
yellowdart24::Well it all comes down to Magic vs Bobcats on whether or not the Pacers get an easy or hard match-up in the first round. Anyone else think the Magic will of course blow it against the worst team in NBA history???
CandySparker::Paul Lotta Love!
Detroit90210::Am i the only one who is mad the Pistons have won a few games lately? They need a high draft pick.  They have won too many games!
Bullsfan737::Pacers barely won tonight against a bad team..not impressed with this win!!
ThaDestroyer23::lol, Bullsfan says he's unimpressed by our win over the Pistons, yet when someone calls him out for the Bulls losing to the Wizards, he justifies it by saying Rose and Deng were out... whereas in the Pacers/Pistons game, the Pacers were sitting Granger, Hibbert, and Hill.  Seems to me that someone failed to make a logical argument.
azehr31::indycornrows.com if you want to read on them, best website i've seen that covers pacers
eglswngs4031::they barely won with their reserves starting...you should be proud they have that much depth.  I'm just mad that i don't get to read more about this team.
masterjoe712::Also didn't the bulls have to beat the pistons in OT last time they played them
Bullsfan737::Ya and Rose just came back and was still a little rusty but he still hit the big 3 at the end of regulation unlike Lebrick would do and they still won the game so that's all that mattered!!
Hoosierhawk18::Pacers sat 3 starters and won against a Detroit team that had nothing to lose
azehr31::like a bulls fan has room to talk....pacers didnt lose to the wizards ;)
BIGWHATBIGCHAIR::hey $@%!$@%, stop making excuses. i was actually at that bulls wizards game, they looked like $@%!
Bullsfan737::Ya without Rose and Deng...trust me they wouldn't have lost if they had them that game!
NealIndy::Just last week too. Bazinga!
CARMELO4LIFE14::Pistons are actually pretty good if Rodney Stuckey had a good game they could have won this game but its not like it matters...
baja00::At one point during this game I think that Ben Gordon's contract alone could have financed the players the Pacers were putting on the court. What happened Joe Dumars? You have done so much for Detroit, but at the same time you kinda went a little nuts here on us recently!
charlesshumway1962::I’ve been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for  anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and is tired of not winning your bets like I once was
IAmAMatrix::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKLAzyWiC4
The Lakers are good at basketball::I really like the Pacers. It's too bad there's no way Stern will ever, ever let them get farther than the semifinals.
tennesseejam80::They went to the Finals like 10 years ago.. Anything is possible.... Pacers are the scary team in the East... Memphis is the scary team for the west... Pacers are playing as well as anyone right now.... Im not a Pacer fan by any means, but congrats on a wonderful and surprising year.. Good luck!
rangersrule21::Oddly I was just watching the brawl on youtube from 2004.
The Lakers are good at basketball::That isn't that odd
Mr Calogero::Dark horse in East: Indiana. Dark horse in West: Memphis.
tennesseejam80::Well i feel dumb.... I just posted the same thing above... Sorry for copying ya lol
THE_HULK74::This might be a dumb question but where was Granger tonight?
squidward tennis_balls::This might be a dumb answer but he was on a trip to the moon
NGplayinskillz::He didn't play. He was resting because the Indiana Pacers have already clinched the 3rd seed in the playoffs.
IAmAMatrix::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKLAzyWiC4
Copious_Fred::I hope the pacers take Draymond green in the late 1st round. would be a solid bench player
jeremynellis::ZELLER
baja00::the Pacers could probly get him when he goes undrafted, why waste the pick?
mrjohnson317::i'll pass
ColtsHoosiersPacersDude::i wouldnt mind that at all. great player
TYLILMAX::Recruiting heat haters for the playoffs GO KNICKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Man Utd Squad::Knicks are losing in the first round
TheSixthHeatle::Thank you Mr. Bird, thank you.  -Indiana fans
trademarktaz::Seems like if we were going to move up in the draft, we'd do a deal with Sacramento.
BigHandsomeHoosier::Nice win Pacers.  PG went HARD tonight!
Man Utd Squad::Paul George &gt; Pistons
Ruediculous::http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=ckvcx96   Knight ?? Draft pick Monroe Okafor
trademarktaz::I'd love to get the Hornets pick this way but not sure if this one makes sense
lionsfanforever09::ya I was going to say I'm not too keen on Okafor  In my opinion he wouldn't fit in
Ruediculous::meh nvm okafor sucks
bbqhamster::http://www.cashcrate.com/3700896
brockness22::Knicks suck
Man Utd Squad::that's like saying the sky is blue
tennesseejam80::Sometimes the sky has some pink in it... kinda like the Knicks starting lineup.... bunch of pansies
Ruediculous::http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine find one that works for Ben Gordon and Tayshaun
hcp04140::knicks fan called the pacers average, so according to his logic that means the knicks are GARBAGE
Ruediculous::Do you guys think Tayshaun and Ben Gordon are worth a first round pick? 2 first round picks could get us that big man and a future 2 guard?
a.bstract::nvm
trademarktaz::We have around the same odds as the Clippers (pick traded to Cavs) had when they got the #1 pick, so let's hope for the best lol  The only way we'd get 2 top 5 picks is if the league fixed it up for us.
lionsfanforever09::lol yeah
lionsfanforever09::I hope Pistons win the lottery  And then package Tay, BG &amp; Future 1st and 2012 Second for someone's first? LOL  Then we can draft Davis &amp; Barnes =)  PG - Knight SG - Stuckey SF - Barnes PF - Davis C - Monroe   =)
lionsfanforever09::ya its wishful thinking though  I wouldn't mind trading a future 1st and 2012 second if we can get a Top 5 pick in this draft out of it This draft will be good
Ruediculous::That looks like playoffs.
trademarktaz::Seems like it would be fair but we would need to trade for someone to match the money that  BG and Tay make.
Ruediculous::Just realized how much money they made! Man a couple of boneheaded contracts.
trademarktaz::Can you see us taking Meyers Leonard or Tyler Zeller?
Ruediculous::I would be happy if we took either one. We need that 7 footer..
trademarktaz::It would be a miracle for us to get Andre Drummond, he'd have to get passed up by a few teams to fall to us.
Ruediculous::Wishful thinking lol. Maybe they can trade up?
Tontos Redemption::Nice win....Odds are certainly against it, but tonight's win gives the Pacers home court over anyone but OKC and SA in the West if they make the Finals.  Stranger things have happened.  Good Luck in the playoffs.
Ruediculous::Package Tayshaun and Ben Gordon together. That might get us another first rounder...
Ruediculous::Kinght ?? Tayshaun Monroe Drummond  awwww yeah.
lionsfanforever09::That would be nice... lol
Ruediculous::The Pistons do not been Sulinger. They need a true big man and to put Monroe at his original 4 spot.
Ruediculous::need
lionsfanforever09::We need Sully and another lottery pick so we can get Harrison Barnes  PG - Knight SG - idk SF - Barnes PF - Sully C - Monroe  What a great young core.
roy hibbert fierce kisser::MATH TOO HARD
Robdee999::Peace and Love people....see you guys at the Bulls game....
Ruediculous::Pistons have a nice core with BK7 and Greg Monroe. This next pick could give them a bright future. Trade BG7, amnesty clause Charlie Vill.
trademarktaz::Wonder how long we can keep the amnesty clause for? Charlie V and BG in free agency is on the horizon.  I agree with you though, we're building a nice young team. We need a quality pick and not another Austin Daye.
Rexanilatorz::Jeff Pendergraph getting interviewed!
luisyahh::pistons need 3 lottery picks
MSUspartans2324::or sully and a good free agent small forward
The Remedy019::wow lose by 1 point for the over dammmm that hurts
ColtsHoosiersPacersDude::good game pistons and pacers, glad we got the win.  good to see the bench players perform well. see you all wednesday for the bulls game! get pumped!
Robdee999::Good Game Pistons....
PacerFan19a::yay we won
Rexanilatorz::Now lets beat the Bulls on wednesday!
KR3044::Paul George showing he can carry the scoring load in a game. Bright future ahead for him.
jasontemple::i have  wizards pacers  brewers  moneyline parley 400 wins 550
Redbloof123::Paul George is sexy. so is Psycho-t but lets not go there
BOOMBABY_3::Paul George=2013 All Star!
Ruediculous::Should've went for 3 on the first possesion, good job, Lawrence.
jasontemple::is grienke winning?
