xjumpintwit::Wow Chicago suckssssss
rynodesign::Lou better get an All-Star nod by the coaches this year. Everything he does for this Bulls team on the Defensive end. He can guard 3 positions, rebound, score on the wing and slash to hole. Bulls fans have watched him turn into one helluva a player.
twinsfan184::Always funny how Celtic games are so heavily promoted by ESPN like they have been for Dallas and Chicago. But when the Celtics lose... amazing how .the outcome ever so quickly gets pushed off the front page of the website and down to the middle of the NBA postings. Apparently not as important to ESPN when the Celtics LOSE.
lax4044::lol boston hasnt beaten a single notable team this year
Lakermagicshowtime::The next 20 years of mediocrity are getting closer and closer...
Madhouse_United::You kind of set me up for that. And for the record I'm no Celtics fan.
Lakermagicshowtime::Sure who was sunk in mediocrity while the Lakers kept getting rings? the Lakers have never sunk as low as the Celtics there is never been a 20 year spell for the LAkers, still first in the division and second in the conference. Just so you know
Madhouse_United::For who, the Lakers?
26Stanley::Boston is doing nothing to get better.Why?
CosmoKramer1444::Because 17 chips agree with you.
SuperSparrow45::Statistically, somebody had to win in 1957.
Amares Goofy Goggles::because they are boston?
Bourne_Ultimatum::Send KG to the Lakers, we'll gladly take him.
CosmoKramer1444::LOL you're dreaming.
Larriehorse::that is about what KG is worth at this point.  Metta
Lakermagicshowtime::that trade would be sweet KG can take over the second unit LMAO
FansRuinedTheGame::For what?
Kerrazzy::World Peace
BigRRules::I said it before the season and even more apparent now they must trade Allen and Pierce while they still have some value and bring in some picks and young bodies.  Bag the season and get a lottery pick.  I thought a 6 seed was about as good as they could do.  Now I doubt they can even make the playoffs and keeping these "old" players around when there is no hope for a title is stupid.  Trade them somewhere where they will have a shot at helping a team win something this year.  It's best for them and best for the Celtics.
SuperSparrow45::The Bulls would probably want Allen for the bench mob.
Larriehorse::Pierce is done.  KG has NO value.  Allen maybe would draw a little intrest from other teams....key word little.  BOS is DONE!
FansRuinedTheGame::Trade Allen and KG. No sense in trading Pierce just like there would have been no sense in trading Bird went he started to quickly decline. Pierce is the franchise player, he can still play, and every team needs a veteran to set an example.
tbomber2::anybody who said the shortened season would be good for the older teams, was a fool
lax4044::yea they got this guy named kobe who doesnt know how to score less then 40
Lakermagicshowtime::Lakers are doing ok so far and have played more games
BigRRules::Keep in mind during these last 2 games the Celtics were about as rested as they will be this season.  They are about as rested of a team as there is in the league right now.  What will they look like once the rigors of the season wears them down?
manewto1::Avatar (Rondo) should be traded. The rest of the wheelchairs are broken and should be thrown in a dumpster.
mr mellow::Celtics are old Pierce can't take no one off the dribble.  KG is a shell of himself only Ray Allen and Rondo are ballin.  A tribute to Ray's phyical condition.  Rondo is a one man fast break = REBUILD immediately!  I hear Antoine Walker is playing in the D-Leauge for Idaho.  Danny what is your plan?
WddNews.com::To set the record straight:  It was the Mayans who first predicted the collapse of the Celtics this season.  The Nostradamus theory came several years later.
tbomber2::how many losses do the heat need before ESPN stops calling them the hands down best team in the league?
SuperSparrow45::Not 1, not 2, not 3, not 4, not 5...
stat3250::Trade Help! Had to edit the trade I think this is better than the one with Wes Matthews in it.     I get: Kevin Love, James Harden, Chris Kaman and Chuancey Billups     I give up: Kevin Durant, Brandon Jennings and Dejuan Blair/ Tim Duncan.   I Could drop: Zaza Pachulia or Norris Cole
CosmoKramer1444::Drop Zaza. Do the trade.
Lakermagicshowtime::Could not care 2 craps about fantasy leagues and all that BS
manewto1::Hey fantasy nerd, go somewhere else.
stat3250::Why would I bother asking this question if I am indeed a fantasy nerd? LOL
surfzone365::Not a  Celtics hater, but i haven't been impressed with what I've seen from them so far.  Despite being an aging team, they still have the peices to be a top-teir team.  It's early, and they may turn it up, but at this point it's going to be harder as they get deeper in the season.  With teams like the Bulls, Heat, Magic, and even the Pacers making noise in the EC, Boston is going to struggle to keep up.
tbomber2::if the bulls didnt play like sh*t in the 3rd quarter we woulda won by like 30
bennnnnba::looks like haters cant pick on rondo's jump shot anymore. now if we can just reverse kg's aging process. and score points. and not lose.
Dave34613::Thought I was done watching JD Drew play, now he is a 6'11" black guy playing power-forward for the Celtics wearing #5
paylocitysucks::I am here for the Dengbang
paylocitysucks::Face it Botson, time to blow up your team, you are to old and slow.
Syrindge::your a jerk, jerk
paylocitysucks::Truth hurts
surfzone365::Great win for the Bulls, despite the Celtics not being as strong as in the past.  Even after blowing a huge lead, they were able to regroup and push the lead back up to double-digits and pull away. Now, hopefully the Heat trolls will keep off our board for a few days now some wind has been taken out of their sail. Go Bulls!!
Syrindge::The C's can't play any worse than that and they still had a chance to win the game. I take the c's all day long in a 7 game series against the Bulls. Once the celts get their rhythm they will be fine.
DJnamaste77::Yeah the celtics missed some wide open looks. so did the bulls what's your point?
nwhardt::Syrinfge -  I used to smoke crack to
SteelSink22::52-33 at halftime....they coasted the second half
Chicago Phoenix::BOS is a shell of its former self. the only player still in his prime is rondo. the rest of the core starters are way too old. they will have nothing left for the playoffs and would get destroyed, probably swept, by the bulls.
paylocitysucks::Shut up, they are old
blh7068::All teams miss shots. Id be more concerned with the C's being step slow.
blh7068::Watson, another key rotation player has been out.  Bulls were far from fully stocked, and still won.
lovesports3409::Just remember Rip didn't even play.
paylocitysucks::We will see when RIP is 100%
Syrindge::If the c's were hitting the shots they normally make (wide open looks) they probably win this game. In the playoffs the Bulls limited offensive attack will be exposed. DRose is an unreal one-on-one player but that aint gonna cut it when the playoffs roll around and the game slows down skippy
Jaguarcrazyboy::Good win for Bulls. Its always tough to win at the Garden.
Drosewillbechamp::the Celtics are lucky we didn't unleash the white mamba for a long period of time.. he would have told his teammates to all sit on the bench and school the Celtics 1v5 and score 40 points..
Dave34613::Is this a bade time to bring up the fact that the highest paid power-forward in the NBA couldn't score till 7 minutes into the 3rd quarter....Are you serious Garnett????? This guy has never developed a single offensive move in 17 years and now he is a 7 foot jump shooter who now doesnt play D or rebound and can't score
EaglesandCeltics::Sad to see the Celts fade so quick. They are now in the bottom 4 of the the top 8 teams in the East. Miami, Chicago, Orlando, Atlanta, New York and Philly are all prob better than them giving them the 6th or 7th seed in the East which is a first round exit. Time to trade, or do something. Rondo is the only good player out of the whole team worth keeping. Everyone else is too old, or untalented, or overpayed.
Mitchell3570::smh Ray Allen is still being Ray Allen bro
oldcoaldog::Danny Ainge is a genius, trading away Perky.
Merriweather Brown::I agree with you - Perk is a no skills guy.  He is horrible with OKC too.
oldcoaldog::The Boston Sleestacks are old. Big, Green, and old, just like Sleestacks.
Merriweather Brown::2 of the militants during the labor negotiations, KG &amp; PP,  look like their done. Glad to see it.
McSorlee::Good news Celtic fans... only 56 more of these to go. Really should start renting your players out for future assets. Face it, the team was already on borrowed time.
Luclongley_MVP::Boston fans,  you see that sub .500 record?  You better get used to it because thats what kind of team the Celtics are now.  They will make the playoffs, but only because the EC is garbage.  Boston stopped being a contender two years ago.  Welcome to reality.
lax4044::+ NY
HrryNrmn::Yeah, it's garbage. Tell that to Chicago, Miami, Orlando, and Philly.
krabs14::I still BELIEVE in  the BIG 4    Pierce, Allen, Garnett, Rondo  I just don't see where the rest of the team is going.   Brandon Bass was however a GREAT pick up.
krabs14::The Celtics need another guy on the perimeter who is a SF / SG hybrid.  I understand Jeff Green, but to me he is more of a SF/PF/SG hybrid. He is just like in the middle of everything.  They need a Defined SF who can also have a nice perimeter shot and dribble. Sort of someone who can work off of PAUL Pierce, except on the inside of the arc.  Pierce is a outside perimeter 3 pt threat/ DRIBBLe drive to the basket,  Ray allen is a 3 pt shooter/ Richard Hamilton like crafty shot maker.  KG is a post up/ perimeter stand up spot up shooter,  Rondo dribbles every where until people get open or drives and lays it up if no one gets open.  He pretty much bull rushes with crafty dribbles to weave through with speed.   The celtics to me need a guy who can knock down and create shots just below the perimeter, with a few dribbles. Someone tall and strong who can work off paul pierce but not take away too much attention.  TO ME Brandon BASS although I haven't been watching games, looks like someone who is the PF skilled player Equivalent to what I'm talking about. He is what they need on the inside, but now they need that same thing from a  SF/SG  hybrid on the inside perimeter. So the equivalent to BASS on the inside, but on the outside, To compliment the BIG 4.  ALSO I think Richard Hamilton would have been a great pick up too.
krabs14::To me this was a  PIVOTAL GAME, and was going to say where the CEltics are at, IN THIS early part of the season, after dropping games to big teams INCLUDING DALLAS.  They don't have a big win yet on their schedule.    It might be time for restructuring.  I've only been box score gazing, but from the some few minutes I watched them play it looked dysfunctional.
junkedup58::Name the players/seasons:    Player A: 25.0 PPG, .445 FG, .332 3PT, .858 FT, 4.1 REB, 7.7 AST, 0.6 BLK, 1.0 STL, 3.4 TO    Player B: 26.4 PPG, .458 FG, .345 3PT, .809 FT, 3.0 REB, 7.1 AST, 0.1 BLK, 2.0 STL, 3.0 TO
DJnamaste77::And this comparison means???? 2008 doesn't matter anymore. Iverson was great in his prime, but Rose is a different kind of player.
junkedup58::Yeah! Sorry, I was gonna get going on this, but then I hopped over to the Miami board, and man...porn. So much porn. I stopped caring.
junkedup58::So anyway, F the media's portrayal of Derrick Rose and blah blah not fair something. Who cares. Because ta-tas.
Oj7414::A = D Rose in 2011 B = Iverson in 2008
wlvol2::Yep, the Celt's AARP team is DONE
ab180202::The Celtics just look old, slow, and worn out. I can't imagine it getting any better with this shortened season and very few off days.
TheRabbi12::celts blow...next topic
zachrlee::Joakim Noah usually saves his best against Kevin Garnett. I'm sure he has this game recorded for posterity.
Stanley Roper::The Celtics time is over.
milw-jay::Are the Bulls really the best team in the NBA?   If so, how?  Why?   I dont really get it....
lovesports3409::His name is D. Rose.
Jaywashing::Because they play basketball really well.
middlet01::can u name a team thats playing better than them, (11-2) with only 5 home games.
middlet01::can u name a team thats playing better than them, (11-2) with only 5 home games.
Shaun0088::None but I just looked at the Power Rankings and the 76ers (8-3) were ranked No.1 but I'd put the Bulls at No.1 rightnow.
ajansan::.
middlet01::eric spolestra and the heat taking lesson from flip saunders and the wizards, 3 IN A ROW going for 4!
middlet01::eric spolestra and the heat taking lesson from flip saunders and the wizards, 3 IN A ROW going for 4!
ajansan::Lol Drose taking lessons from Dwade and Kobe 9/21 FG
Oj7414::hes also winning like them too........
kush manbear::bulls puttin teams in the torture rack defensively another team cant even sniff 80
yarbo23::Hell ya, that D is tight. Bulls is champs, might as well book it.
yarbo23::Haha Bulls = beast of the East. Heat? Nig.ga please, Bulls be runnin train
Beaver_43::The Celtics need to improve offensively, namely Pierce and Garnett. I was looking at their last 7 games and their defense looks fine. They have not allowed more than 92 points in any of those 7 games but they are only 4-3. If you can hold a team to 90 or less you have to win most of those games. I bet thats why Rivers started Bass in this game, he has to be thinking the same thing.
yarbo23::Haha Bulls = beast of the East. Heat? Nig.ga please, Bulls be runnin train
apeterlives::Celtics are one of the most overrated teams this year
Shaun0088::We the Celtics dont even qualify to be overrated we just suck.
J-SMOOVE2017::Celtics will beat the Bulls in the playoffs.
TheRabbi12::yeah right the old celts could win a 7 game series against the bulls.  Explain how???
middlet01::Man please, we smashing teams and we don't even have our starting SG or back up PG playing right now....RIP has missed like 7 games.
Beaver_43::Question for Boston fans: Do you think Rivers would consider making changes to the starting lineup? Like using one of the rookies?
Shaun0088::No but he needs to.I'd like to see Bass start at PF,Stiemsma start at C,Pietrus start at SF,Allen at SG and Rondo at PG.Our rookies need to play more but all they do is keep the bench warm.I'd really like to see JaJuan Johnson play sometime.Rondo and Allen are the only two players playing good rightnow.
SamTonyMontanaHurd::Chicago Bulls are the undisputed best in the East. Get used to it Miami.
DJnamaste77::smoove is saying bulls fans are cocky, yet any heat fan i see on here are the ones who are cocky. You drank the lebron and wade kool-aid. Where was your heat pride before lebron came to town. Bandwagon fan or a closet fan. only talking big game now cause your heat have a chance.
bs20kj34::lag much
Akuma2K::Its pretty sad heat fans still living in last year's playoffs, last year is long gone and the Bulls are a much improved team this year and the bench is still owning fools.  The heat will be lucky to make the playoffs let alone win a playoff round, there's just to many good teams this year that the heat will have to contend with.
ChicagoSportsFTW8510::Miami fans are extremely cocky.  boo hoo you won 4-1 but all those losses to the bulls were very close and the Bulls didn't have a shooting guard, they had keith bogans, now they have a healthy brewer and rip hamilton.  It's going to be a lot different now and you really should shut up about miami because they aren't scaring anyone
TheRabbi12::we won't....you suck...we are good
J-SMOOVE2017::whatever, just dont come crying to me when the bulls dont win the east this year.
LightSpeed1000::celtics can destroy the bulls. celtcs still in training camp
TheJaw521::A Celtics fan calling someone else cocky is hilarious.
bs20kj34::11-2 and less than 85 ppg the numbers speak for themselves dude
greg94327::Cocky? Just telling it like it is g. Best record in the NBA last year, best record in the NBA this year. Heat are on a 3 game skid, the Bulls have done nothing but improve. 11-2 and we've been without hamilton and watson for the last 2 weeks now. I like our odds.
bs20kj34::11-2 and less than 85 ppg the numbers speak for themselves dude
bs20kj34::11-2 and less than 85 ppg the numbers speak for themselves dude
greg94327::Cocky? Just telling it like it is g. Best record in the NBA last year, best record in the NBA this year. Heat are on a 3 game skid, the Bulls have done nothing but improve. 11-2 and we've been without hamilton and watson for the last 2 weeks now. I like our odds.
fightinillini32::You're very confused.
J-SMOOVE2017::i dont know about destroy, but I think a bulls-celtics series would go the distance.  bulls fans are so cocky.
J-SMOOVE2017::I don't see how you can say that.  Heat beat Chicago without homecourt advantage 4-1 last year.  Beat them in the playoffs, then talk smack.  Until then, the Heat are the East faves.
Shaun0088::Best player at not playing a full game.
TheRabbi12::that's last year J-smoothie.... Look at team chemistry on both teams this year....we will talk smack...your heat are HYPE.  They are good...but not a better team than the bulls.  Lebron is the best player...but how does it work with a team for 4 quarters....get a clue
