Rocky Rosado::its disgusting how rose gets no calls
Kevin Sage::He's not Paul George.
Nima Soleimani::Kevin Sage he's not kevin durant*****
Michael John::I don't get why everyone hates on D Rose...dude can ball
Larry Nunez::Jeff Ariano How is he overrated?  What do you know about him that makes him overrated?
Nima Soleimani::I don't hate him myself, but i see why people do. 1) his lack of heart when he was cleared by docs to return for weeks (maybe even months) and had a chance to come give his team a big boost in the playoffs when they REALLY needed him due to other people being injured or sick, yet he chose not to come back. 2) too much talk. he constantly talking about how much better he is now... and he has all of those commercials about coming back and being such a good player, yet he's been playing terrrrrrible since his return. he needs to shut his mouth and play the d@mn game!! just too much talk and it comes off as being very cocky.  3) bulls fans have been very annoying about rose with their constant, "just wait til rose comes back. Championship! heat better watch out!!" so, the bulls fans have made derrick less likable.   And that, my friend, is why people hate on Rose.
Nima Soleimani::Larry Nunez how is he overrated? because people talked him up as being one of the best in the league yet he has been awful this season. example, espn rated him #9 best player in the NBA this season. What has he done this season? avg 15 ppg (on 34% shooting... no, thats not a typo), only 4.5 assists (he's a point guard for godsake), and he turns the ball over 3.5 times a game. that's why he is overrated.  and before you use the "well, he's just coming back from an injury" talk, let me remind you how much he talked himself up before the season started saying he was a much smarter player and much more improved player. even going as far as saying he can jump higher... lol. so you can't really use that excuse for him because he effed that up long ago.
Michael John::Bulls take this one  Bulls- 103 Nuggets- 96  MVP of game: Carlos Boozer
Adam Youman::such a high prediction for the bulls score. doesnt matter how bad denver's defense is we still have trouble scoring. id say 94-89 win for bulls
Bronya Vogel::Both of you are wrong.
Jorge Bouza::Iam glad  Nate isn't on the Bulls anymore, they are so much better with him at PG.
Adam Zach::LOL...this idiot^^^
Jorge Bouza::adam, Nate gives the Heat fits bro, the fake MVP can't handle our D?
Adam Zach::Jorge Bouza LOL Yeah that's why he's only smoked them twice....
Taylor Manes::Prediction: Bulls win a close game..Lots of turnovers by both teams,, but rose is that clutch shooter so you know in the fourth quarter he going to be knocking down those threes 105-99 Bulls win..
Larry Nunez::Joe Glass That's what "Clutch" is, it doesn't matter if you go 1-15 as long as you make those late game clutch shots and that's what Rose does.
Larry Nunez::Joe Glass Yes, he is, he did it against the Knicks, he did it all of 2010 -2011 season, he was terrible in the game against the Knicks, but guess what?  He hit the game winner OVER Tyson Chandler, he has the "Clutch Gene" and calling people names doesn't make you point any more valid.
Adrian DiMarcantonio::Larry Nunez he has 0 playoff game winners. 0 playoff series wins against a team with atleast 50 wins. how can you be clutch if you don't show up against good teams?, and only show up against teams like toronto and milwaukee in the regular season. 29 of the last 30 pts for a team is clutch. 1 for 15 no matter when you get the 1 bucket isn't. he also traveled on that play
Danny Leavitt::Denver 110 Bull  87
Bryan Evelio Jimenez::got the bulls points right
Rex Waller::Thibs is the most overrated coach in all of sports  He has no concept of offense.  Nor does he understand how to manage a game.  Furthermore, his supstitution patterns, his handling of the bench, his handling of rookies, and his times-out management, are atrocious.  He gets by because the Bulls play hard every game.  But the Bulls played hard for Vinnie Del Negro, too (remember how they took the defending champion Celtics to 7 games in 2009).  With Rose being as wild as ever, with Deng playing like he's 40 years old, with the Bulls having no real bench to speak of (Paxson is another overrated guy), and with Thibs having learned nothing in his 4 years of being a head coach, the Bulls have as much chance of beating Miami, in a 7 games series, as a team of Las Vegas Showgirls.  The Bulls need a trade, badly.  They have needed a big trade for 3 years.  However, even if they make a blockbuster trade, Thibs won't know how to make it work.  I give him one more year and he will be gone.  Good riddiance.
Jack Dolley::The Bulls are essentially the Chiefs of the NFL, in the NBA. They have a seemingly great defense that will get them a lot of wins, but once they face a team that can actually put up some points, they don't have the fire power to match. Which is why Chicago will probably squeeze out a top 3 seed in the East, but really be a threat to no one past the first round.
Chad Wiggins::screw you chicago.... u brought absolutely  nothing to this one... dang sucks.. rose even on a good night looks like a shell of himself, and im the biggest idiot of all for betting on them and thinking that they are the type of team that would battle to keep that streak going to six games... instead they ffffffn no show..
Clint Czar Jefferson::You're a retard and shouldn't be allowed to used the internet.
George Jimas::Clint Czar Jefferson ya i agree, what did you expect rose to do?
Josh Mahaney::Why would you bet on Chicago? They have lost 12 of their last 13 in Denver.
Brandon Duenas::Hey Bulls and Nuggets... know you probably don't care since it's about the Suns, but I got my first article published so please check it out! Feedback appreciated. http://isportsweb.com/2013/11/21/phoenix-suns-looking-establish-identity/  Btw, anyone know how long Butler is out?
Clint Czar Jefferson::He's day to day
Brandon Duenas::Clint Czar Jefferson ok, thanks man!
Adam Youman::Clint Czar Jefferson i think they say he will be out for the entire road trip
Adam Youman::Got nothing against Jimmy Butler. Hes a great defender and has really developed his shot over the last couple years. But I am excited to see Hinrich start with d rose to facilitate the offense and hopefully get derrick some good looks from around the court. who know, maybe this is what our offense needs
Taylor Manes::Jeff ariano how you going to like the miami heat,bobcats,nuggets,pacers U are the biggest bandwagoner I ever seen
Ben Lunceford::Weird cause he trolls the hell out of the Pacers, Bulls, Knicks, etc... dude has no life. Spends his Friday nights on the comment section of a team he hates talking about "all those empty seats" and bla bla bla. Definition of a loser.
Patrick Bolner::Ben Lunceford for sure.
Chad Wiggins::down 20 to measly denver... please no more talk about this garbage squad being a contender
Joey White::Rose will go 1-20 and still hit that game winning shot.  Definition of clutch, he's the new Kobe!  Stone cold killer.
Clint Czar Jefferson::LMAO to people overreacting to a game being played in NOVEMBER.
George Jimas::you do realize chicago needs to win games to make the playoffs right? you don't just magically show up, so ya these games matter.
Clint Czar Jefferson::George Jimas You do know the Bulls have at least 70+ games left right?
George Jimas::Clint Czar Jefferson ya i know, but this should of been a win. all i'm saying is you can't keep giving away games to teams under .500
Scott Hall::So Rose was back Saturday night and is rusty again/ LOL
Eric Guzman::Rose is a good player but way overrated
Sportsbettingstar.com::The Chicago Bulls typically have trouble in Denver but bring a five-game winning streak into Thursday’s matchup against the Nuggets. Denver has won each of its last six home games against Chicago dating back to the 2005-06 season and is averaging 112.3 points during a three-game home winning streak. The Bulls, who are beginning a six-game road trip, are playing terrific defense and allowing an average of 81.8 points during their winning streak. Derrick Rose continues to search for his MVP form in his comeback season and he will need to be on top of his game to deal with Denver point guard Ty Lawson, who is averaging 22 points and 8.6 assists. It is difficult to get a win at the Pepsi Center. I would stay away from this one.
Basil Hussain::Bulls offense is struggling right now though I think it will get better with time. They really need to upgrade their bench between Teague, Nazr, the two rookies and Mike James the bench provides little to nothing consistently. The short rotation could end up hurting the Bulls later in the season.
Basil Hussain::Bulls are in serious need of more offense. They are among the worst in the league in bench production and three pointers made per game.  Between Teague, Nazr, and the rookies we have no reliable offense when our starters are out.
Trevor Hennington::Youre one of the few sensable ones here.
Robert Lossmann::All u people who think Rose is a clutch shooter, u better face it, he will never b the same player he was, he's scared to go to the basket, and one good nite at the 3pt line is just luck
Clint Czar Jefferson::Go back to eating paint chips.
Robert Lossmann::Why was Ur clutch player Rose on the bench in the 4th quarter because he was only 9for20 from the field& is shooting 34%for the yr
Clint Czar Jefferson::Robert LossmannHe was on the bench because he haven't played competitive ball for 18 months and Tibs are trying to manage Rose minutes.
Shek Leone::bulls go bak home and work on your offense,if u ever wanna be taken serious u need to score more than 80 points a game
Chad Wiggins::for dang to be a legit all star type player he is one goofy scrubby uncoordinated looking rascal at times
Robert Davidson::Looks like Rose should have take another year off to recover from his injury.
Rex Conley::Lets go BULLS !!! No jimmy B but Captain kirk will step up, he's the team MVP in my eyes...whats up BULLS fans?
