Trent Conheady::Kyrie Irving has to be one of the most overrated players in the nba
Brandon Tigues::he was pretty good last season but it seem like they were trying to force him upon us..trying to lift him to super stardom before he even accomplished anything I don't think he deserved to be an allstar, again he had a good season last year but it did nothing to help make his team better, people blame the talent but how much talent do you need to win at least 35 games in the east?
Trent Conheady::He doesn't make his teammates or his team better, I mean look at players like Paul, Rose, Williams (when they actually played), heck even guys like Lillard, I bet you Portland aren't anywhere close to 16-3 without him.
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Kyle Korver is one of the most consistent 3 point shooters in NBA History, he doesn't have cold streaks. Congrats Kyle on the record.
Reeves Cox::Go HAWKS! Beat the Cavs! Keep up the great play from the last two games!
Donna Kelly::I'm the year long, pre-locker room supporter on this site of Dion Waiters.  You know bedfore and after the 'let's trade Dion' authored by Kyrie, of course. Windhorst here at ESPN supported me and basically admitted Irving stinks.  Hello, where are the haters tonight? Waiters.  Too good for that moron coach, that terrible ball hog Irving, who Waiters called out for his selfishness.  Where are you all now?
George Chip Thayer::Kyrie doesn't stink.
Donna Kelly::George Chip Thayer   really?  39% for the year?  lowest assist total in the NBA for any PG with his minutes?  That is the definition of stinks. Read Brian Windhorst here at ESPN.  The league verdict?  Irving got away with ball hoggism because no one cared about Cleveland, no one paid attention to his tendency to shoot all the time.  Then Waiters showed up and was a real scorer.  Irving jealous and threatened.  Wouldn't pass to him. Fights, Irving exposed, now what? Under 40 percent with neglible assists (in all the minutes he logs at PG?)
Andrew Farrell::The season barely began who cares if it's at 39% right now wait till the end of the season to talk about him being bad
Charles Corteezy::Hawks have stayed pretty strong at home. I expect an AWESOME PG show down tonight!!
Justin Balogh::Cavs going to win out the season and win the NBA finals
Donna Kelly::Sorry Tom.  It's always been 20 shots, 40% Kyrie, 37 minutes a game with very low assist total.  Too slight, too wild, a lousy passer.  Watch was tougher body, willingness to go inside and challenge (with 50 pounds more than Irving!) Dion Waiters can do.  If he was playing and could ever pry the ball from 'buddy ball' Irving? Look out!  30 points for Waiters after (AFTER!) Irving is benched.  Waiters can barely score 14 points a game with Irving booking 36-39 minutes hogging the ball and passing only to his buddies.  BENCH or trade Irving and let Dion go wild!
George Chip Thayer::Donna, Kyrie is a good passer, the problem is Brown.   He's not the world's best passer, but as pgs go, he's a good passer.   I do agree though the Dion is the stronger of the two.    Dion came into this season looking like a body builder after not being physically prepared last season.  I've also been mindful of buddy ball, but some of that has to do with whom you've been playing with the past couple of seasons and whom a person is more comfortable in setting up the plays.   IF the Cavs were forced for some stupid reason into having to trading one or the other, I'd stick with Waiters simply b/c he's stronger and not so brittle.    He also plays with a chip on his shoulder.    NOT comparing him to Kobe in any way shape or form, but the attitude he has reminds me of a young Kobe.    Desire to get better.    Waiters is a gym rat.  However, keep them both.    They'll figure this out.    Kyrie has the ability to score 45 on any given night.
Donna Kelly::George Chip Thayer Love to believe it but read Brian Windhorst article right here at ESPN.  Basically, the whole league knows Irving is history.  He's never been an efficient scorer (lifetime 40 percent!) and is no Rondo rebounding or assisting.  Waiters is fast, big (10 pounds more than Wade, for crying out loud) and same exact height as Wade.  All upside, instant offense.  Name the last game (or ever) that Irving had a stat line like Waiters tonigh 70 percent? better?  That's efficiency.  Read above.  I was at the Celtics game and Irving refused to pass. Refused.  17 second holds per possession leading to zero points and 3 turnovers, a miss, a last second pass to a teammate and miss, boom, Celtics up by 10 in a couple minutes.  Game over.
Donna Kelly::Plus, I live in Boston, and I know from passing.  Irving would be a marginal bench player here.  Overpraised ball hog and constant shooter on Cleveland made him look good.  A PG (like Rondo) needs 15 points 12 assists in a bad game.  Name any game where Irving has 12 assists? Or shoots efficiently?  Hasn't he tonight just broken the 40% threshold for horribleness?  Isn't he now at 39 percent?  and what 6 assists?  Do you realize how bad he makes, say Dion look?  When Irving throws him the ball after Irving eats the shot clock up pounding the ball?  Waiters gets it with 2 seconds left and is forced to take a lousy desperation shot?  Irving even looks happy to screw his backcourt mate, which is why Waiters went off on him quite rightly (be careful Irving, Waiters is 225 lbs and inches taller!) Read ESPN's own  Brian Windhorst on the diminishing talents apparent to the whole league re: Irving.  Please, go crazier Irving and give Waiters to 1) Celtics;  2) Knicks; 3) Lakers; 4) Miami.  ALL in need of Waiters high-percentagle, low ball hog IQ.
Donna Kelly::Notice on the locker room dustup by Irving and Waiters, Irving has been exposed as everything Waiters claimed.  A low-percent ball hog who refuses to ever give up the ball until a couple seconds are left (an effort to embarrass Waiters--forcing him to throw up anything to avoid shot violation).  I go to games, do you?  If you did you'd see how bad Irving is and has been for a long time (re: ESPN Windhorst column) Please read and watch folks!
Geoff Starling::I wonder how much of what has happened to the Cavs and Irving this year is due to the Irving-Waiters pairing. I'm not pinning it all on Waiters, but I'm saying when they drafted him I was dumfounded. Proven correct. Wow, at least the Cavs mgnt team still has Charlotte to go smoke in the bathroom with.
Jon Pookster Holland::Everyone just picks out the negatives when they should be noticing dion waiters doing phenomenal after a slough of bad games, as well as Andrew Bynum who is showing his former Laker self pulling in a double double with 8 O-boards. Be happy for something new and nice.
Frank N Mary Clark::Trade Kyrie for someone that is more consistent. With the team we have we should be a lot better. Kyrie has 0 points, no wonder we are getting stomped. He will leave anyways at the end of the year blaming everyone else. Ala Lebron James  again!
Stephen Sevachko::Kyrie is signed thru next year so he isn't leaving..on his own that is.   Waiters is turning into an awesome player. looks like the guy to build around.
Elijah Rochford::you do realize how young kyrie is right? its just one game calm dowm
Frank N Mary Clark::Waiters has looked better than kyrie. I just dont understand how kyrie can be great one game and then score 0 the next. The team needs leadership and it doesnt seem like he has it.
Tom Taplinger::The Cavs get off to so many bad starts that there is no way to catch up in most games.  The team is getting zilch out of the SF position.  How about starting Sergey at SF and let him log some decent minutes and see what happens?
George Chip Thayer::Will never, ever happen with Brown.    Brown has no idea what to do with wing players.    eg.   Danny Green, Shannon Brown.
Tom Taplinger::I would like to think that Kyrie is still and excellent player, but is totally lost under MB's non-existent offensive system/strategy or what shall we call it ?
George Chip Thayer::I agree.    There was body language from Kyrie tonight from the tip off to the benching that something's still not right in the locker room.
Donna Kelly::Why is Brown always fired?  His boy is 0-7, Kyrie. Zero for zero for zero.  The one he hates and grudgingly puts in late off the bench, Waiters?  17 points in 17  minutes.  Booya.
Charles Costley::PLEASE TRADE KYRIE HE COST THE CAVS 30 PYS TONIGHT 0/9 FIELD GOALS 0/3 3PTRS 0/3 F/T WHILE DREW  & DION WERE KILLING THEM !!!!!
Dustin Hardin::All the people talking down on Dellavedova and it turns out he's one of the better players on the team...
Ian K-wizzie::Keep Waiters.  On the other hand, Kyrie could use some work on his game....
Andrew Lipham::the cavs just got korvered
Ryan Hastings::Irving showing that killer instinct once again.  I think the league has Irving figured out.  Double team him until late in the shot clock, and then let him drive 1 on 5 because he never kicks the ball out when he gets in the lane.    For all the Waiters lovers, the dude is still a black hole with the basketball.  His spin move into the lane with 3 guys around him resulting in a wild pass into the other court just sums up the Cavs season; it's always 3 dudes looking for their shots.  Kyrie trying to prove he's a superstar, Dion trying to prove he's a star, and Bynum trying to prove he deserves a bigger contract than what the Cavs are paying him.  I never see these 3 guys playing off each other well enough for the Cavs to go anywhere this season.  If I were the Cavs, I'd try to trade Bynum for any kind of first round pick next year and start stocking up on good role players.  There's enough ego to go around with just Kyrie, but adding Dion AND Bynum in the fold-while dynamic on paper- hasn't produced any great results to this point.
George Chip Thayer::Disagree.   And I've agreed in the past to many of your posts.   But I disagree.    There is something going on in the locker room we don't know about.    Dion not passing?   You need to check the assists recently or watch tonight's game as an ex.    Bynum does get frustrated after working hard to get position in the post and then doesn't get fed the ball.   There's a lot of finger pointing to Kyrie and Dion as reasons, but there are other people on the floor that simply do NOT move w/o the ball.    And why should they?   They've not been taught any plays.
Ryan Hastings::I see your point in that Coach Brown's offensive sets and plays are completely rudimentary (or nonexistent as you imply), but given that they are so rudimentary, you'd expect the players to be able to execute such simple plays.  Fact is, Kyrie isn't playing as well as he did his first 1.5 years in the league.  Since then, his shot has been very streaky.  And yes, Dion has had some games with good assist numbers and I admit that he's the better passer of the two (between he and Kyrie) in the lane and across he court.  Having said that, he has so many games like tonight where it seems like he's hunting for his shot because he's isolated and knows he can take his man off the dribble.  While I like to see him taking advantage of mismatches, I think to a point it can rob the team of any sort of offensive rhythm and I feel this way about not only Waiters, but Bynum and Irving are black holes with the ball as well.  They all need to do a better job of playing with each other.
Donna Kelly::Loser hastings.  pretty hard to find a way to blame a guy you're saying can't get a shot off when he scores 30 on like what, 70 percent shooting?  In his rare game without Irving hogging the ball. You now see why Lebron and Dwayne were walking off court with Dion arm and arm after the Miami game...sorry bro, you have to play with Irving.  Irving out? 30 points.  What did Lebron call Dion? Baby Wade.  Schools out, sucka,
Geoff Starling::Irvings got Next! Pfff. I have always said Irving is overrated because 1) The NBA has become a PG's league, he's not way above the mean. 2) Irving doesnt have a defensive impact. Therefore Irving's actual value or 'impact' on a team winning isn't that great for a superstar. But that's when I thought he was on his way to being an elite offensive PG, now he seems to have fallen into mediocrity. cant believe the Cavs have to pony up to a Max for this guy. He's probably worth about the MLE the way he's playing this year.
Marvin Fernandez::I find it silly how everyone takes a shot at LeBron when he couldn't win while in Cleveland yet nobody mentions the coach. Is it just me or was this team better or played better with Byron Scott? Sorry but Brown is a very overrated coach that just can't get the job done. Even with a talented Lakers squad he couldn't make it happen. Which brings me back to how LeBron carried that team and Brown got a lot of credit he didn't deserve.
David Glickfield IV::Another road game. Another flat team. Another horrible offensive gameplan. Another horrible defensive gameplan. Another horrible game effort wise. FIRE MIKE BROWN!!!!
Hero Miles::Three things we learned:  1. Irving is Garbage 2. Mike Brown is the worst coach in the league (except for when he has Lebron) 3. The Cavs are hopeless without Lebron
Jason Peters::For once Atlanta, play like you should play at home and beat this inferior team handedly,. Atlanta owes me for a couple upsets early. Now if Atlanta loses this game, its official I am just bad luck with picking the NBA.
Nico Stirling::Caves missed so bad on oladipo. They could have dangled Dion Waiters while he had value and added a wing that can actually defend. Ineptitude by management is why Lebron
Nico Stirling::Won't return. Also mike brown was a terrible hire, he runt the simplest sets in the league. Kyrie needs a coach that can put him in places where he can be efficient. He leaves after his rookie contract to play for MJ and Charlotte
Rick Voorhees::It's a freaking joke that Dion isn't starting for the Cavs, this guy can take over a game in a heart beat.. I guess the Cavs like bringing him off the bench, not sure if he likes it though...
