Greg Hurley::anyone else's tv freezing up during the game. granted Im not missing much but come on Im trying to hide from my gf's parents. its this or a tape of her dad winning a bowling tourney from 1994. fml
Kyle Miller::Bowling > Knicks
Jes Son::Melo didn't want to play today because he jnows okc is going to embarass them so badly. Injury my as $.
Ma Ding Shan::JR Smith going for 25,..........................misses.
Mickey Gelfand::melo is no where near the team player nor as talented as kevin Durant Durant is a winner melo is a whiner
King Jaffe Joe::What has Durant won? Western conference championship. ... oh yeah that's worth taking to the bank. What did he win when Westbrook went out last playoffs? Hmmmmm
Justin McElhaney::@King Jaffe Joe...u sound butthurt...while melo is a decent offensive player his defense sux..plus he's not a team player...his FG% is worse than KDs even though he shoots less shots.and his assists are not even comparable...you say what has KD won..what has Mello won..what 1 scoring title...KD has 3 of those and an All Star MVP...get out of here with your nonsense....
Steven Rivera::Justin McElhaney Melo has more then just a jump shot to his offense, KD doesnt have a post game so who's the complete offensive player? MELO and Melo puts up good offensive numbers on teams with average to below average players. KD is on a stacked team so he isnt going to see double teams like Melo
Andy P Kordyban::The Knicks belong in the D-League
William Aaron::oh yeah? that is a knee slapper. you should do stand up
Andy P Kordyban::so I saw WIlliam Aaron's mama kicking a can down the street... I asked what she was doing... she said "MOVING"!  LMAO
William Aaron::Andy P Kordyban I'll let you smell my finger next time i bang out my girl. you smell what pussy is like.
Trevor Howerton::I  understand if you're a  Knicks  fan and want to stand  behind  Melo....I get that.   To say that  Melo is  on KD's  level  is a  smear on your credibility.   It's just sad and silly.   please.
Steven Rivera::uh huh yea because Melo has more to work with like KD, Give me a break Melo puts up numbers on a team with bunch of scrubs so is Melo on KD or even LBJ level? your dam right he is
Jeff Elkins::Steven Rivera But being on a team with a bunch of scrubs means that he gets more tempted to take bad shots.
Steven Rivera::Jeff Elkins which is why people shouldnt bash him, but Melo has turn it around lately shooting 48.5 % in the month of December with 9.5 Rebounds and 29ppg
Will Bernanke::nothing better than the knicks getting beat down on xmas day and their fool of an owner and sheep fans getting tormented,   i thought NY had educated fans,  if you do not like the product,  stop paying for the trash and lining Dolan's pockets,   the garden should have 3000 people today!
William Aaron::you should probably get laid. that's better
Wesley Cheng::Well most fans who go to Knick games barely care.. they are there doing business. As for yesterday, i have no idea... I'm still waiting for $10 tickets :)
Durrell Brown::First the Knicks and Nets get blown out. Next up, the "Kobe-less" Lakers vs. Miami. I could not have dreamed of more exciting NBA match ups on Christmas day. Thanks a bunch NBA schedulers (sarcasm).
Kevin Christopher Kirk::dude you are so right, how did they not know kobe and mello would get hurt? SO DUMB OF THEM.
Durrell Brown::Kevin Christopher Kirk - I know schedulers can't control players getting hurt, or teams performing below expectations since the time schedules came out . My only point is that regardless of the reason, all of these NBA match ups have been God-awful thus far.
Wesley Cheng::The Lakers game was actually entertaining for a while. I didn't know Nick Young can shoot like that... i thought he was a 3.0ppg scrub... Sorry Nick :(
Marcleen Bavogui::wow westbrook with 12 boards and 10 assts beast.
Ron Williamson::Westy with Trip-dub ... my heart throb
Will Bernanke::its so funny seeing the stupid knick fans in the crowd squirming around after they spent 2000 to watch this massacre,   amazing what sheep will pay for these days,  that money would be better off going to charity
Ma Ding Shan::I hope most of them went just to see OKC....
Will Bernanke::Ma Ding Shan  you can see them in preseason for $10 a seat,   of the summer league games
Tevita Otukolo::okc for the win! Christmas support from syd Australia! aha THUNDER UP!
Evander Smart::Can this current Eastern Conference Atlantic Division be the worst division in the history of NBA basketball? (Toronto is the division leader at 12-16)
Floyd Hicks::Worst in 38 years
Will Bernanke::Carmelo Anthony would be the perfect 6th man instant offense on a good team,  like a vinnie johnson,   that is all he is good for
Kevin Christopher Kirk::A tad much.
Wesley Cheng::Except he rebounds better than Brook Lopez!!!!!
Jason D Stafford::This the best post i ever seen u hit it right on the head dude. and ima knicks fan
Bill Lince::not a Knick fan, but from what I see, Hardaway should be getting JR's minutes
Julie Price::So.....Knicks starters are getting schooled by OKC backups?
Jack Dolley::Let's not act surprised lol
Floyd Hicks::Outside of Melo Knicks team are all backups, and Woodson should be an assistant coach not the head.
Joseph Miele::Running an ISO offense is fine... But when your ISO man is injured.. Well there goes your offense.
Floyd Hicks::Simply put!
Trevor Howerton::Carmelo is a one-dimensional player.  Thats really all that needs to be said.
Floyd Hicks::U didn't say anything.
Steven Rivera::Melo owns the head to head match up with KD but I see the Thunder killing my Knicks
Tung Nguyen::The only thing Melo owns are Brickhouses. lolzzz...
Jack Dolley::Westbrook is a beast!!!!!!!!!! Not scoring very well tonight, but look at those boards and assists. He does so much for that team, that only people that watch could actually understand. To those of you and see he's 2-11 shooting tonight and say he's a garbage ball hog, you're ignorant.
Ma Ding Shan::Ibaka is the Beast,...Westbrook is the Gazelle.
Jack Dolley::Ma Ding Shan Lol no argument here.
Joe Reith::He is a ball hog. But he needs to understand when he's destributing the ball and getting his teammates involved is when his team is better. That's why you don't see many scoring pg on championship teams.
Yinan Chen::Knicks and nets are only there for Comedic relief.
Floyd Hicks::But its not funny.
Tung Nguyen::Melo and JR - New York's finest...                             ...Chucklers
Jamie Rund::I am just glad that the NBA can put away the Christmas uniforms and get back to regular style uniforms.  It look like they were playing in soccer uniforms.  I will never get used to those uniforms.  If something isn't broke don't try to fix it.
Kayle Salter::My grandmother saw the uni's and asked why they were wearing volley ball uniforms. lol
Austin Sanderson::Jalen makes a good point. With 10-14 days advance notice the NBA could be flexing some of these Xmas games out. Unfortunately with the first two games it wouldn't happen just because of the NY/NJ market size.
Jack Huang::What's ur excuse for this lost now Knick fan, is it we can't win without Melo????  You Knicks can't win this one even with Melo at his very best.  Looks like I just won yet another $200 against the Knicks easy.
Kevin Christopher Kirk::No ones cares!
Scott Harmon::The Knicks were a decent team and fun to watch before the Carmelo trade... since then, just a steam pile of unwatchable crap!
Jorge L. Celis::NY NBA teams are pathetic ... Nets got smashed by a Bulls team that can barely muster any offense without DRose.
