Tommy Romeo::Harden is so good.
Josh Schwartz::Howard has looked amazing tonight. The whiny Warriors crowd can boo him all they want, but they're simply jealous they don't have him. The Rockets simply own the Warriors. Plain and simple.
Nils Headley::Howard was weak. It was Harden who put the team on his back.
Jeremy Gingrich::18 points with only one missed shot on the game including 7-7 from the line with 11 rebounds is weak? Ok buddy keep sipping that hatorade cause the numbers don't lie
Jason Peters::Welp, sorry Warrior fans, your teams fate was set about and hour and a half ago. I picked the GS Warriors to win, which means a Rockets 9 pt victory. I am the sandman, kiss of death. Couldn't win a bet if I picked the 93 Bulls vs a 6th grade all girls team...
Chad Wiggins::lol
Shek Leone::looooool too funny
Steve Blesson::LOL :D
Benny Thai Tran::Houston Fans, you need to go buy a Lottery ticket, Howard is shooting 100% on the game!
Steven Anacker::Different guy steps up for every Rockets win. This time it was Bev's turn.
Dominic Wingate::My boy Beverly was is ballin tonight good game!!!
John Martin::This game could prove to be a defining one for both teams. Howard's obvious improvement on shooting free throws shows a real commitment to playing and winning that was missing last year and makes the Rockets a virtual shoo in for the playoffs. The Warriors need Iggy and bench help and a more balanced offense instead of relying on 3s or they will not make the playoffs or at best be one and done,
Steven Anacker::Howard's been shooting FT's well lately. Last 5 games: 7-9, 12-20, 8-14, 4-6, 7-7. I mean well for him, of course.
Jeremy Gingrich::True but 7-7 is really good for anybody
John Martin::Steven:  36 for 56 is almost 70%. Good for a big man.  Certainly a vast improvement for him.  Give the guy credit.
James Martin::I think he did.
Shawn Bento::"Please teach me how to shoot free throws Dwight"  - Steph Curry
Shawn Bento::Dwight Howard is a legitimate threat from anywhere on the court.
Kerry Whitfield::No he isn't. Especially he can't shoot. And he can't make free throws.
Shawn Bento::Kerry Whitfield, http://i.imgur.com/woj4vbF.jpg
John Martin::Kerry Whitfield Did you see the game tonight?  Missed only one  shot, made a 3, perfect from the free throw line.  Maybe Con Edison turned off your power.
Shawn Bento::Harden sucks when the flop calls don't go his way.
Jeremy Gingrich::Beverley outplayed Curry this game!! That is production!!
Tommy Romeo::He's an awful player.  Did you watch him last night?
Peter Peterr::Tommy Romeo  Beverly shut Lillard down last night
Patrick Foote::Tommy Romeo yeah, he caused lilllard to go 1-10
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::harden is a hog. ppass the ball man wtf??
James Martin::The rest of the Rockets need to stop being afraid of pissing him off and move too. They stand so they won't get in his driving lane, which of course means three defenders at the top of the key keep him from having one.
Adriel Jimenez::9 assists from harden, i wouldnt call that ball hogging
James Garcia::Houston owns GS souls.
Jeremy Gingrich::Stephen Curry... Meet Pat Beverley, A.K.A. The Point Guard Stopper. Bev should make at least All - Defense 2nd team with the way he has been shutting down opposing point guards this year
Lucas Tyler Speirs::For real, Lillard and Curry in back to back games!
Ravi Mahalingam::Curry and 20 pts and 9 assists on 5/12 shooting and fouled  Beverley out,  Explain how he was a defensive stopper when GS scored 112 pts.  He had a rare good offensive game.  Had he shot his usual 30%, GS would've won.  This game was won by stellar play by Dwight Howard and Chandler Parsons and volume shooting by James Harden.
James Martin::He has slowed down the efficiency of at least 5 or 6 top flight PG's. He doesn't have to "stop" them, just make them work really hard and take more time and more shots to make what they do get. THAT's what a defensive stopper does.
Alan Ogg::warriors fans look like a bunch of mindless drones clapping over every little play as if this was game 7 of the NBA finals. what a joke of a fanbase. you guys will NEVER win anything
Patrick Foote::this guy needs some pussy
Alan Ogg::Patrick Foote says the self like-r
Kerry Whitfield::A lot of teams have nothing to clap about.
David Aulds::I love how the Refs are bailing out the Warriors when they go to the basket.  Amazing!!!
Chad Wiggins::lol are u serious.. this is one of the rare games where i sense nothing in the way of home court officiating....
David Aulds::Chad Wiggins Our lead would be more if we weren't in the penalty at 6 mins plus.
Jason Peters::No need to even watch/ follow this one. Easy Houston win.
Chad Wiggins::nope
Casiano Servaz Tubana III::Harden will win 5 Oscars by the time his career is done..
David Aulds::Blow it out yours pal, Harden legit gets fouled all the time just as Kobe does.
Benny Thai Tran::You make Harden sounds like Lebron, Wade, or Battier.  LOL.
Casiano Servaz Tubana III::Truth hurts ain't it?
Leland Wong::Many Asian fans want to see Jl play but his knee is doubtful. It will be a great game, I think the Rox will and should win this game.
Matt Elmore::Klay Thompson is starting to become one of the more overrated players in the league. He becomes a non-factor if his shots aren't falling, and he doesn't have the necessary consistency to sustain a hot streak or to get out of a shooting slump during a game. If Golden State could swing an Afflalo for Thompson trade, I would do it in a heartbeat. Afflalo has experience of being a lockdown defender, and now has the acquired skill of creating his own offense off the dribble and via screens.
Chad Wiggins::IM TELLING U PEOPLE RIGHT NOW THAT ZARBA IS CROOKED.. TWO GAME CHANGING CALLS THAT WERE NO CALLS ALL DAY LONG IN A GAME LIKE THIS.... THE TECH THAT HE CALLED BECAUSE HE HAS FEMININE SKIN..... AND THE CARRY ON CURRY WAS AN IMMEDIATE 4 POINT SWING.. I LISTENED TO THE 60 MIN SEGMENT WHEN DONOUGHY WAS ON.... AND IM TELLING THAT IS EXACTLY HOW HE SAID HE USE TO STEAL GAMES... SUBTLE HUGE CALLS THAT TOOK POINTS IMMEDIATELY OFF THE BOARD....
David Morant::Funny stuff! ;)  It's ONE game ... Relax ... The sun will come out tomorrow ...   58 more games to go ... Don't let game 26 get you so wound up. It's a LOOOOONG season. You guys have a lot of talent and are playing below it right now ... but come year end, you'll be clicking. No worries.
Judd Wolfe::Man, seems like every time Houston plays golden state, the Rockets destroy them. No disrespect to GS, as they are a great team...but why can't they beat Houston?
Vincent Lee::Pls forward this question to the NYK, lol...
John Nguyen::They went 2-2 last year...
Steven Anacker::John Nguyen No. Rockets went 3-1 against the Warriors last year.
Steven Anacker::I'm a lifelong Rockets fan, but I have lived in the Bay Area for over 15 years. So I've seen how passionate the Warriors fans can be. Wish you guys well till next time.
Debra Quick::Good game. GSW looked fatigue in this game. I can tell that they are getting better and as always, they are a pleasure to watch. Can't win them all.
