Tiagoooo::test
Tiagoooo::test
Tiagoooo::test <br>testingspacde
Tiagoooo::test <br>testingspacde
Tiagoooo::test <br>testingspacde
Tiagoooo::test<br> test<br>
Tiagoooo::<u>test</u>
Tiagoooo::<i>test</i>
Tiagoooo::tests
Tiagoooo::tesktj
Tiagoooo::testjlsekjt
Tiagoooo::testsetklsjtjeksletstkl
Tiagoooo::<b>test</b>
Tiagoooo::[b]test[/b]
nba is the worst::The Spurs on the B2B after a 2OT win and they don't lose a single quarter?  NICE
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Two things are constant in the NBA, 1) the Spurs win games and, 2) the Spurs get no love/hype from the mass media.
Mr. Nut Job::Spurs are Darn impressive lately!
ardaleviel::why not accept that every year the Spurs are an elite team, now we go to Orlando and finally kill the mafia miami to overcome these suck $@%!$
milw-jay::" Wow. The Wizards suck beyond all belief.  Possibly the worst team in NBA history.  LOL "     -   2011-2012 Charlotte Bobcats
Xstrandman::Good job on the Beal pick. That kid sure can shoot. Oh wait, no he can't.
cha cha chia-::Wiz
toshsghost::Are the Wizards mathematically eliminated yet?
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::No, the Wizards can still win 70 this season!
Mr. Nut Job::It would be one of the greatest comebacks in American Professional Sports.  Won't happen this time... of course.
milw-jay::Yes.
266Joe::Been using this betting system called sportsbettingstar. I doubled my intial balance my first month and made over $2,000 my second month. You can find the system on google by searching basketball betting system. If you bet this system truly works great
slam_dunk_on_u.::You know you have a unimpressive dick when your chick compliments your balls.
Mr. Nut Job::Isn't there a porn site for this?
slam_dunk_on_u::The spurts have been feasting on pathetic and lowly eastern conference teams....their real test will come this Wednesday and Thursday when they play the Magic and the Heat...although we know what the excuses will be...the absence of scrubs such as Leonard and Jackson.... But IMO even if they were able to play that woudn't matter as the Heat would kill these punks regardless
masongates87::Jesus, every single year we have to put up with this clown. Just keep ignoring him and hopefully he will just fade away like the sorry a$$ lakers.
nba is the worst::"Kawhi Leonard is a scrub"  - Morons and idiots
ImOldschool1964::Slam dunk, 2 things:  1)  Your team really SUCKS and you know it  2)  Does Dumbo know you stole his ears?
Vaquero In The House::Dumbo.......that's a good one, from now on I believe I will use your analogy of this fking idiot when I post.    Listen up Dumbo, if any team in the league is pathetic it's has to be the mightly Lickers who are a joke themselves &amp; getting killed night after night.  Bottom-line, they Suck with a capital "S."  LMAOF Dumbo!
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Simmer down baby new year!  I see you are doing your usual Spurs trolling.
slam_dunk_on_u.::Why does my dick get hard when I see me?
mksatx::Winning on the road with kahwi and jackson hurt.  Spurs are really playing good team ball.  Spreading the floor passing and hitting 3s.  Way to go san antonio spurs.
gsquared112::Jan Vesely checking in with a +2 tonight. They should play him more
BGSSGB::Why are spur boards almost troll free? Love reading this after every game!
266Joe::Spurs so good this year
stemmyXII::HOW DID THE SPURS BEAT THE WIZARDS!??
Vaquero In The House::Easily!
BRONCOS own the afc west::"time to get a worse record than the 2011 bobcats so we can be on sports center for a year"     -wizards
Riggins7519::It's ironic that the Caps and Wizards have the same amount of wins at this point of the season. Who would have ever guessed that.
ravenisthebest7::I might have, the total probably wouldn't have been zero though.
CandySparker::Cheers San Tiago Splitter!
Eric28039::Still a Wizards fan.  Who else can claim to have a perfect record?
ravenisthebest7::HA! Wizards remain perfect! Suck it haters!
torrtis::I see no teams in Wizards upcoming schedules that they have a chance to win.
theheebs::well unless a game against a middle school girls team gets penciled in neither do I.
Dinosaur Attitude::the lakers...
ImOldschool1964::Lakers definitely SUCK, the Wiz are licking their chops for that one.
bonsai624::I went to this game...about half of the crowd was wearing Spurs gear.
Heinrich.Himmler::yeah it sounded like a home game for the Spurs. weird
ravenisthebest7::I'm not paying money to watch that crap.   THAT PERFECT CRAP! But still crap.
phanmchau::top saying they need to keep duncan from playing big minutes or back to back games.   He needs to play more to keep his confident level. spurs have not won anything since they started monitoring his playing time. pretty boy tony parker is not their leader, duncan is.
Vaquero In The House::Apparently you're not a Spurs fan or not pevy to the news or newspapers otherwise you'd know the Spurs had the best conference record last season &amp; held homecourt throughout the playoffs.  As for who's team it is, I don't believe Tim Duncan, Tony Parker or Manu Ginobilli really care who runs the team, if you notice it's whoever is on the court that takes charge &amp; that's the way it's always been.  When a timeout is called they all consult with eachother.  There's no fight among the Big 3, that's what makes them so special, they put the team 1st in everything they do.  Take Manu, he can start for any team in the league, yet he's the 6th man on this team.  Why?  Because he understands that that's where the team needs him.  Timmy's confidence level?  Since coming into the league in 1997 Duncan's only played for 1 coach &amp; that's Coach Pop, these men have established a very strong father &amp; son relationship between the two.  So I ask, what confidence or reassurance level are you talking about?  Yes, I understand all players have bad games &amp; Timmy's no exception to the rule but I won't attribute those types of games to confidence in himself.
emthomasjr::So the Spurs lead the Division by 1/2 game but are behind the Grizzlies in second place in the Conference. How goofy is that? LOL.
love2pass::Title of the article is SIX Spurs in double figures...then the article lists seven. ESPN needs to learn how to count.
Big_los07::lol
slam_dunk_on_u.::$@% espn!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sterling8673::Randy Wittman reminds me so much of Dick Motta in the 1977-1978 and 1978-1979 seasons in Washington.  A man who knows his team will turn it around any day and compete for the NBA title this year.  Jordan Crawford is his Kevin Grevey and Bradley Beal reminds me so much of Bobby Dandridge.  Now when NeNe starts his Wes Unseld routine, not only will the Fat Lady sign, you just might get the Big Girls Choir to blow!
theheebs::how delusional are you?
The_Spaz_LA::How old are you?
RavenNation1991::The Wizards are built around John Wall. Without him, this is what you get. The offense doesn't flow properly, which is why they only average about 89 points a game. I'm hoping the Wizards get another swing man to play with John Wall in the upcoming draft. As Beal improves, this team could be a 4 or 5 seed next year.
FaggenP636::What planet are you on, pal? Get a grip.
Texicano10::leonard should hop on a plane and play vs Miami, who the f is guna hold james on thursday
Ryanfrankbraungore::When was the last time the wizards were actually good?????????????????????????????
milw-jay::The late 1970's
sccrgy::When Lebron first came in the league.  The Wizards were actually making the playoffs consistently and then getting knocked out of the playoffs by the Cavaliers and Lebron James....
Td4mvp3::like I said...spurs win by at least 25....u guys will never learn..year of the spur!
theheebs::until Tim Duncan retires it's foolish to ever count out the spurs from having a very real chance of winning it all. spurs/grizz WCF
Z Wade::In no way am I knocking the Spurs, but don't act like predicting any team beating the Wizards by 25 is much to brag about lol
Miami-Star1::TIAGO SPLITTER!!!  -Stephen A Smith
NolaJag::The Wizards are one mathematical error away from being undefeated
d butler16::Wizards so far.  When John Wall was ruled out = 9 11 Now at 0-12 =  New Orleans after Katrina
FaggenP636::DUMB bro.
cool2bme44224::say what dude?
Spurs1234567891011::What?
howdythere.::GG Spurs!
AustinBeal::So Danny Green ended his streak of 32 consecutive games with a three pointer made. Maybe if the Wizards weren't so bad the Spurs would've needed Green for more than 17 minutes. Great game anyway :)
