TheTricky0ne::Apparently Boston is 2nd in the NBA in points allowed... horrid offense, but at least we're getting something right!
Road dog Red::Brother...Howard should come to the Tics just to avoid embarrassment year after year
GameFan270::I've been telling Celtic fans I know that Boston made 2 good draft picks in the boys from Purdue. Those two plus Robbie Hummel made Purdue a great team while they were here. WTG, E Moore! Had to laugh while watching Orlando wilt and Boston tightening down. WOW!!!
packinsouth::3'twaun
Purdue481::EEEEEEEEEEEETTWWWWWWWWWWWAAAAAAAAAAAUUUUUUUUUUUUNNNNNNNNNNNN MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOREEEEEEEEEEEE
probrojeffro127::Hey, all you doom and gloom people. What happened? Looks like Cs are coming to life. Pierce and co. getting healthy and in shape, plus new players are starting to gel with the system. Takes a while to get going if you have no pre-season and you've got a bunch of new players. But if you can take two from one of the top teams in the East with three starters on the bench, I think that says something, eh? Great game. I'll watch the second half again later today. Go Cs!
BostonSportsRule2012::Celtics just aren't that good, and won't win a championship, but great comeback.
probrojeffro127::You'll change your tune shortly.
42Wolverine21::wen doc stoped crackin farts the celtics woke up
RaidersCelticsRedsox::the only game i missed so far this year....fml.....this by far was probably the greatest game for us c's fans so far this year and i had a gig...i checked on my phone at halftime and we were gettin blown out then checked just to see the final score around midnight and i almost dropped the phone seeing we won....cant believe i missed this musta been a hellll of a comeback! wow!
ACandOJ::You have to love the guy that can't fight....asking someone if they have ever been in a barfight.
cytm93::blowing a 27 pt lead to any team is humbling and embarassing loss holy crap.. #Lets go Thunder!
_mongo__slade_::It's never okay for a grown man to call another man "Peaches".
Xenolith666::As a C's fan living in Orlando.. there's a lot of unhappy people around here.. it makes me laugh.
Magicmike321::Laugh all the way to a first round, mayyybe second round, playoff exit.  You must be proud.  Way to win a regular season game!
Celticsox937::We can gladly laugh at every other team for having less rings than us. When was the last time the Magic made it deep in the playoffs? Ya, thats right they havent since Garnett was out in 2009
drinking beer with cutler::It was a mother F.u.c.k.i.n.g. bar fight!
mark35345::Jameer Nelson, Hedo, and Jason richardson just ain't what they used to be. Orlando's in big trouble. They want to get rid of one of these stiffs with Howard. Who wants any of these out of shape, slow has beens? Maybe the Knicks...
BlkMexMamba_WTF::When i turned my tv on ...Magic was killin the C's.. what happened??
Mr. Scratch::Wow the magic imploded.  Look on their face was priceless, they couldn't buy a basket.
thegameisback1591::KG said this a Barfight lmao!!!!!!!
RandyNovot::Who ever ends up with Dwight Howard will overpay.  The guy can't dominate againast an old and slow team that doesn't have a center.  Good Luck building a championship team around him.
Flop City::KG will go down in nba history as an underachiever. He played the last 5 years with 2 hall of famers and will most likely only end up with 1 ring.
egamboa::You are speaking, not from your brain, but from your $@%!!  He may end up with one ring, but he is definitely not an underachiever.  The Magic are!!!
allroy1313::Nice job, Magic!
dpas569::if Boston shake up their lineup, they can beat the Heat and Bulls. they just can't go with the status quo. the Heat and Bulls are not unbeatable and the C's can definitely beat them, just not with Ray, Paul, Kevin, and Jermaine eating up most of the playing time.
egamboa::I have always said that  Doc needs to play the young legs more than the old legs.  Et Moore is coming around and Doc needs to give him more minutes!!  WIth the combination of young and old legs playing at the same time, the Cs defense is more than above average!!
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::For being "old", Boston's big 3 did all their work in the 4th quarter (you know, the quarter after the 1st , 2nd, and 3rd... one where "old people" should be the most exhausted) by shutting down the Magic and walking all over them in a 19 point 4th quarter scoring difference.
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Well, don't I just look silly.
ACandOJ::Yes
ACandOJ::the Big 3 didn't play...Ray &amp; Rondo are out.
thegameisback1591::My name is Superboy and i can't beat the Celtics
Rondo is the bum of bums::Lol
Nbyplaya19::Only in the NBA does a team blow a 27 pt lead....  What a joke the NBA is.
Rondo is the bum of bums::Lol
Rondo is the bum of bums::Eli &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Tom   in Superbowls
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::5 &gt;&gt; 2
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::3 &gt;&gt; 1
Rondo is the bum of bums::Peace guys.  I think Eli beats Tom for the 2nd time in the Superbowl next Sunday.  Sorry JD, but NY is better than New England in football.
younglouiE::I agree. Not a giants fan but I picked them to win.
smylod::comment gold
jugrnght::You are forgetting we beat the great Tim Tebow!
Eternal_Sage::miami wins and chicago loses tonight. they will fight it out for best record in the east
PackerPowerPunch::doubt Chicago loses to Milwaukee
younglouiE::yeah the 1 and 2 seed is a toss up
Rondo is the bum of bums::I agree as well. Boston will be the 3 seed.
Jdzspace::should be
Jdzspace::agreed
Rondo is the bum of bums::Louie  Boston needed all 4 of their big 4 (PP, KG, Ray, and Rondo) healthy to beat Miami in that playoff series last year.
Eternal_Sage::what about brian scal? oh wait he was shooting threes for chicago lol
Rondo is the bum of bums::Lol
Eternal_Sage::now that mass effect came to ps3. ps3 &gt; xbox
younglouiE::I'm done arguing with you celtics fans. They're are a much better team and they will go on to win the NBA championship this year.
younglouiE::Just so you know what JJ is capable of
Jdzspace::even a blind pig can find slop. that doesn't  earn him a blue ribbon.   and if that is what your banking on. . . your a joke of the highest caliber
younglouiE::Oh that James Jones that scored 25 POINTS on the CELTICS IN THE PLAYOFFS. GTFOH.
Rondo is the bum of bums::yeah, 1 time
ACandOJ::Cole &amp; Miller are still riding the wave of the 1 good game they had a couple weeks ago...haven't really done crap since.  Battier is just a jersey at this point....what has he added??
younglouiE::They said Miami wasn't good as a team last season. They said they were gonna lose to chicago or boston in the playoffs (which miami really should've) AND YOU SAW WHAT HAPPENED. Did Miami fail in the finals ? ABSOLUTELY I'd be the first miami fan to say they did but this year they have the depth and a much better team to return to the finals and win it all.
Rondo is the bum of bums::No
Jdzspace::could he do what AVery can do defensively?
Rondo is the bum of bums::Overall
Jdzspace::defensively?
Rondo is the bum of bums::I'm still not sold on Avery yet. I think E-twan is better.
Jdzspace::the beauty of the Celtics bench. is that yes Peaches is a good scorer, but he is also a good enough defender to stop any player in his position off any other teams bench. same goes for Bass.   and they can score between 20-30 points between the two of them.   and that isn't even mentioning Avery, who will shut down any guard he's matched up with as well.   crazy how that works huh?
Rondo is the bum of bums::Peaches can makes 3's and he's a better defender than all the players on Miami's bench except for maybe Shane. Bass is a good PF off the bench and he a UD are basically even. Cole has never been to the playoffs before so he's never felt that pressure.
Jdzspace::Mike Miller is a joke, which is why he's always on the trading block. James Jones scores what? 3ppg? get real. he's nothing. UD is a nice utility player, and if your REALLY banking on a rookie in the playoffs your more ignorant than i thought.   Battier is all you have, that's it. PERIOD. nobody else is even consistently an issue on that team.   you have no depth.
Jdzspace::oh, i NEVER thought Chicago was going to beat Miami. that was a young inexperienced team with a rookie coach who has never been in that position.   I knew once they passed us up that they had a cake walk to the finals. the Bulls just weren't ready.   this year , would be a different story. because they have a much better team than Miami
younglouiE::Lmao riighhhht. Bass and Peitrus &gt; Norris Cole, Mike Miller, James Jones, Udonis Haslem and Shane Battier. YEAHHH OK.
Rondo is the bum of bums::Boston's bench is better and Rondo has 2 arms now.
younglouiE::Lmao don't get butt hurt JDzspace.
Jdzspace::i'm not butt hurt, i just think it's funny when people who don't know anything about the game of basketball try to talk to people who do. it amuses me to no end.
Eternal_Sage::YEAH $@%! YOU MIAMI FANS!!!!!!   oh wait i am a miami fna *cough* MIAMI &gt; CELTICS
younglouiE::exactly
Frank38443::It's not even close. The Heat would spank the C's in a 7 game series. I say Heat in 5 if not a sweep.
Jdzspace::and since that isn't true on any level outside of James,Wade and Bosh.   we will take comfort in knowing what an idiot you are.   and don't talk to us about winning championships until you ACTUALLY do something. you don't impress or scare us. your just not good enough as a TEAM  great 3 players does NOT equate a TEAM
Rondo is the bum of bums::Thanks Louie. Glad you could be convinced. Lol
Eternal_Sage::hoyl cow.. camelo is out tonight miami will lose now
Eternal_Sage::what scares me lol is they might play a lot better with him out
ACandOJ::They have been playing better with out him &amp; Miami plays down to the comp....this is going to overtime
younglouiE::Probably so
ACandOJ::Is his pride hurting because his team plays better when he does less??
younglouiE::It's gonna be a good game
Eternal_Sage::me &gt; cam
ACandOJ::I play 2K12 &amp; Tiger Woods on PS3
Rondo is the bum of bums::No
Eternal_Sage::ps3 &gt; all
Rondo is the bum of bums::I play Madden all the time on X-Box 360
ACandOJ::Seriously?!?!?  Only the single greatest gaming system known to man....I bounce between it &amp; Genesis
Rondo is the bum of bums::Sega dreamcast
Eternal_Sage::what's a dreamcast?
Eternal_Sage::both
ACandOJ::Is anyone besides me still playing DreamCast??
Rondo is the bum of bums::Lol, do you have a PS3 or X-Box 360?
Eternal_Sage::i have a better win-loss record as myself on madden then he does! &gt;.&gt;
Rondo is the bum of bums::Lol
Eternal_Sage::IT'S TRUE
dpas569::try it again.....the Heat has beaten the Celtics 8 out of the last 9 times we've played them. our problems run a lot deeper than Rondo's elbow. we don't seem to be able to match their athleticism and energy, with the exception of Rondo, with a 33, 34, 35, 36 yr olds getting the majority of the playing time. i hate the Heat as much as the next C's fan, but the reality of the situation is they are the team to beat this year. there's one thing to be a fans, but it's another thing to ignore the facts and the reality of the situation.
younglouiE::ok.
younglouiE::So I guess not having no energy or athleticism does not help just a little bit to win games. Okay cool.
dpas569::they're wrong. it helps immensely! i sat there and watched the C's battle the Heat for 3 quarters every game and in the latter part of the 4th quarter, the Heat players had just a little more umph on their jump shots to get the ball over the C's players. JD is right that they were contested shots, but with just that last little umph, it put them over the top. KG looked downright gassed at the end last year. oh yea, those younger legs, energy, and athleticism definitely made the difference.
younglouiE::It's funny you said Athleticism. some of ya fellow celtics fans don't believe athleticism can help win games
Jdzspace::but the argument isn't the players, it's the youth and energy.   and that means almost nothing in the playoffs
dpas569::you're right, the games were close, but like i said, in the 4th quarter, their energy and athleticism took over and killed us. the Hawks or Thunder don't have 3 players on their rosters to rival Miami's 3 so that wasn't a good arguing point.
Jdzspace::sure it wins games, but it is not a deciding factor in the playoffs.   or do we need to point out the Thunder and Hawks championship banners again as proof?
Rondo is the bum of bums::That plays a part, but we needed our starting PG healthy with both arms to help close out those last 2 tough games.
younglouiE::really ?
Jdzspace::yes, really. those are the facts of the matter. it wasn't like they won every game by 20+. or the Celtics just sucked it up. they were close contested games even without Rondo in the lineup.   they won the series, no doubt. but not because they were leagues better, just because they played dirty and won. it is what it is
Rondo is the bum of bums::Yes, really.
Jdzspace::the thing is that snapshot doesn't tell the whole story.   when healthy the Celtics won 3 out of 1 in the regular season.   the Heat won their homegames in the playoff series (which they are supposed to do mind you) but both were close games.   then the injury happened, we still won that game.   every game after that point came down to the last few minutes, and involved James doing something he has never done in his career, and will never do again.   it had nothing to do with their athleticism or energy.
Jdzspace::again, not really. because they weren't beating us up the floor in the closing of those games. they were taking contested jumpshots that happened to fall. and we missed shots we normally make ( i mean c'mon that KG error on the Pierce Iso had nothing to do with the Heats athleticism).   if they just ran up and down the floor uncontested, i would agree. but our defense went toe to toe with them in the closing minutes of every game after Rondo went down. they just made plays, that we didn't. had nothing to do with their legs (with the exception of the overtime game)
dpas569::jd, i love ya but thats not true. the C's won the 1st 3 games against the Heat last year and the Heat won the last 3 when everybody was in tact with the exception of Shaq. in the playoffs last year, we'd play them close every game, until the 4th quarter and you'd just see the younger legs and athleticism take over for them in the 4th. that's how they beat us last year.
Rondo is the bum of bums::Thank you, Louie seems to forget this.
younglouiE::Preach to ya fellow celtics fans...they seem to not understand smh.
dpas569::no, it wasn't you, it was a fellow C's fan. he was a classless bum as far as i'm concerned, but i didn't want to spar with him so i just let it go.
sportspotpourri::I didn't call you whiny, but I saw here it happened and that seemed like the reason. Regardless, your post above is pretty accurate
dpas569::i posted something 7 times and it never made it on the board. i just wanted to know why. if that makes me whiny, then so be it.
sportspotpourri::I think you got called whiny because you complained about the mods for like 4 posts. Not because you are a Celtics fan or speaking facts.
dpas569::they call me "whiny" or say i'm not a true C's fan for telling the truth. i call it like i see it. there's nothing i want more than to see the C's win it all this year, but in order for us to do that, we've got to change some things. can we beat the Heat and Bulls this year, yes, but it won't happen running the same ole same ole as last year. that ship has sailed.
Rondo is the bum of bums::We understand, but I still wanted to see a healthy Rondo. That series goes 7 if Wade dosen't break his elbow.
Frank38443::The C's have problems scoring and no defense in the league can shut down the Heat on a consistent basis. The Lakers currently have the same issue
Rondo is the bum of bums::Louie  People counted the C's out 2 years ago. Boston became the 4th seed and went all the way to game 7 of the NBA Finals against the Lakers. Everyt ime someone counts them out, they prove people wrong.
younglouiE::They still would have Bron and Bosh to compete...Unlike Boston... Miami had the luxury of players to step up when 1 superstar goes down. Plus Miami had a horrible bench with no Mike Miller and Haslem
Rondo is the bum of bums::We needed all of our Big 4 (Rondo, Ray, KG, and PP) healthy to beat Miami in a 7 game series and that's a fact.
younglouiE::lmao wow. Well they actually won the game when rondo broke his arm. What happened after that? Boston still had a better bench
Jdzspace::better bench, but nobody to run the offense. lost the quarterback. what did you expect to happen?
Rondo is the bum of bums::Come on Louie, if Wade breaks his arm, does Miami win that series?
younglouiE::LOL you wanna go there ? please.
Jdzspace::seeing how close the games were, and how crappy the Celtics offense ran without their point guard. that is easily a fair statement
Rondo is the bum of bums::It's the truth
younglouiE::Just like people counted the C's out last season...seen what happened...this aint the same celtics team from two years...WAKE UP
Jdzspace::oh, and by the way, it shows just a vast wealth of basketball knowledge that you claim to know who the Celtics are or aren't 17 games into the season. LMAO  what a joke you are
Jdzspace::blah blah blah  "the Celtics aren't the same team they were when they have Posey and Brown, WAKE UP."  "The Celtics aren't the same team they were in 09, WAKE UP"  BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH  same crap, different year. how many times do you have to be proven wrong before you shut up until you know for sure?
Rondo is the bum of bums::Tell Wade not to break Rondo's arm again and we will meet Miami or Chicago  in the ECF.
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::This game just proved that you can't count a NBA team as "done" in the month of January. Unless of course your NBA team plays in the Verizon Center or the Time Warner Cable Arena.   Amazing Boston Celtics 4th quarter defense, or just an epic Orlando Magic offensive meltdown?
Jdzspace::i think it's fair to say it's a fair amount of both
sportspotpourri::or Madison Square Garden
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::It's cool, Frank. My mistake.
Frank38443::per se... sorry pet peeve
sportspotpourri::I know, it's just fun to watch _'Antoni and the "new look (again)" Knicks crash and burn in the Eastern Conference.
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::They're not done for say, but they need help. NOW.
younglouiE::I'm not certainly counting the celtics out because they're the Celtics but it's hard for me to see them making it past the 2nd round
younglouiE::but who was the person that really carried Dallas besides Dirk ? JJ BAREA WHO IS A YOUNG PLAYER
Jdzspace::LOLOLOLOLOLOL  now Barrea carried them?   I guess the Jet did nothing now? you know, the older veteran player?   what a joke you are. . . are you really this blind, or are you just stupid?
Rondo is the bum of bums::Marion shut down Lebron, Kidd shut down Wade. Come on man, Dallas core players are older than Miami's core players and they won it all.
younglouiE::Did it matter in the playoffs ? you got some celtics fans complaining about struggling early but yall still confident about going to playoffs right ?
Rondo is the bum of bums::Boston will be fine in the playoffs. Don't count them out. Veteran teams always plays well in the playoffs. Dallas was the oldest team in the playoffs last year. Guess who became the NBA Champs?
younglouiE::*season
younglouiE::But that was in the seaon.....where it didn't matter.
Jdzspace::playoff positioning
3KidneyJoe::Why do they even play the in season games if they dont matter?
Jdzspace::and when was the last time a young athletic team won a championship?  you know, when it mattered
3KidneyJoe::Remember back....the same Celtics went 3-1 against the Heat last year and 2-2 against the Bulls.......they can play with anyone, even if they are aging.
Jdzspace::yeah, and that had nothing to do with the starting PG and C not being available.   lol  just keep on digging junior
sportspotpourri::And they didn't make it out of the second round.
sportspotpourri::"Anything is Possiblllllllle!" Except either of these teams contending in the Finals this year.
younglouiE::They're ok ? lmaooo
Rondo is the bum of bums::Why not?
younglouiE::THANK YOU! That's what i've been trying to tell him but he's so naive to the fact
Rondo is the bum of bums::Please stop. Boston has trashed Orlando twice with no starting center, Ray or Rondo. Boston is getting back on track. They just needed time to get their game legs back. They're ok now.
Rondo is the bum of bums::That's possible as well for the C's
sportspotpourri::Yes, I see how ignoring most of a comment and continuously harping on one part can seem fun. Butit's not worth continuing.
Rondo is the bum of bums::Chicago isn't on Miami's level.
Jdzspace::and like i said, neither of those teams have good enough of a team to guarantee a playoff series win vs Boston.   because as i have stated, young legs, athleticism means NOTHING in the post season.   which is why the oldest team in the league, won the championship last year. with NO athleticism. yet they got past the Thunder easy enough.   see how that works?
sportspotpourri::I'm sorry, did I say that young legs is all it takes to win? I think that was only one of 3 things I mentioned, and the Celtics lack all 3 when matched up against Chicago or Miami in a series..
Frank38443::Meanwhile I can sit here and say&nbsp;cock&nbsp;shit&nbsp;fuck&nbsp;bitch&nbsp;with no problems lol
Jdzspace::yeah, which is why those teams with "young legs" have won so many championships over the last few years.   that is why the Cavs,Heat,Thunder,Hawks and Sixers have so many championships in the last 5 years.   young legs mean NOTHING in the post season.   learn that, then we can talk basketball
dpas569::now thats classic! they let this guy say that, but when i tried to post that, they deleted it immediately.
sportspotpourri::I don't think so. Have they looked decent against Orlando? Yeah, but they do not have the talent, young legs or consistency to beat Miami or Chcago in a 7 game series.
Frank38443::Fuck&nbsp;
dpas569::mods, am i saying something i shouldn't be saying? no cuss words, no insults, nothing derogatory, just facts. why does it keep not making it on the board?
Dwayne_Johnson23::Probably because you're really whiny
dpas569::owww, you're really making it hard for me to bite my tongue................... be the better man! be the better man!
Dwayne_Johnson23::It is wise not to argue with the leader
dpas569::i won't argue with a fellow Celtic fan. we can disagree without insulting eachother. grow up dude.
Frank38443::Do the mods even monitor this section?
dpas569::they have to be. i've sent the same post like 7 times and it never appears on the board, yet all of the other ones do.
younglouiE::What playoff seed Boston might come in ? I got them coming in the 7th seed, facing Miami or Chicago in the 1st round
younglouiE::Because I know.
younglouiE::And it's funny you say that because Boston is sitting the 7th seed RIGHT NOW.
Rondo is the bum of bums::Boston will overtake Philly for the 3 seed. Watch an see Louie.
younglouiE::Boston isn't making past the second round.
Rondo is the bum of bums::How do you know?
Jdzspace::you don't really understand how playoff seeding works do you? right now the Celtics are 2nd in the Atlantic. all we have to do is surpass the Sixers (which will happen) and we will be a top 4 seed.
dpas569::i'd like to say it but it's useless now. it was concerning the Heat/Celtic post earlier. mods keep putting the kabosh on it so never mind.
Jdzspace::what is it dpas?
dpas569::i've been trying to send you a reply to an earlier post and the mods won't even put it on the board.
Frank38443::Wowzers 35 pt swing.. this might be just what the doctor ordered for the aging C's
dpas569::JDZspace, while i hate the Heat as much as the next Celtics fan, we can not ignore the truth of the matter. our problems run a lot deeper than Rondo's elbow last year. do you realize that the Heat has beaten us 8 out of the last 9 times they've played us. with the exception of Rondo, we just haven't been able to match their athleticism and energy. the Heat may not play a better "team" game than the Celtics, but whatever they're doing, it's working extremely well against us. we cannot beat that team in a 5 or 7 game series with a 33, 34, 35, and 36 year old playing a bulk of the minutes. that's the reality of the situation. it's one thing to be a fan, it's another to disregard the facts and reality of the situation.
Rondo is the bum of bums::Eternal  Why do you want Boston to face Chicago this time?
Eternal_Sage::keith knows. miami &gt; all
Rondo is the bum of bums::Not Dallas
younglouiE::But didn't you say there isn't a team in the league that's guaranteed can beat in 7 games ?
Rondo is the bum of bums::I didn't say that. I just think Chicago is too limited and relies on 1 person to much to beat Boston or Miami in the playoffs. Too bad we had to play Miami in the 2nd round last season.
younglouiE::Well Miami did beat them last season in the playoffs 4-1 when Boston had the better bench and defense...Sooo
Jdzspace::correction: after D.Bag purposefully broke Rondo's arm and took him out of the series they beat Boston in 5 games.   and in what way did we have a better bench last year? and we are ranked #2 defensively (apparently) last year this was not the case.   care to try again?
Rondo is the bum of bums::Chicago isn't Miami...Soooo
RevRolloGoodlove::Sorry overlooked the fact that you were asking a specific person and I just answered with why I want Chicago to face Boston in the playoffs.  Yeah, Chicago would win that one in five, at most.
RevRolloGoodlove::Rose is far far far better than Rondo.  KG and Pierce are really inconsistent these days and while I wouldn't say that Boozer is better than KG Chicago's overall front court is better than Boston's.  Deng is really underrated and is better on defense than Pierce ever is and overall isn't that far under Pierce at this point.  Our defense, our starting five, and our bench are ALL better than Boston as an overall product.  No need for player by player comparison the overall package is better at every single aspect.  Boston wouldn't stand a chance.
Jdzspace::not true at all.   Ray is still better than anyone you have at SG, that is currently. not 5 years ago.  KG is still better than who you have at PF (go ahead and try to make a case for Boozer being better than KG, i dare you) Pierce is WAY better than Deng (DUH!) and while Rose is a better scorer, and a better overall player than Rondo.  Rondo IS a better point guard.   and that is today, here and now. not years ago
Rondo is the bum of bums::Boston's defense is rated higher than Chicago's defense last year and this year. Look at the stats.
Eternal_Sage::just put a gym bag in front of boozer and he runs scared
Rondo is the bum of bums::Nope, Rose can't stay in fron of Rondo and Boston's Big 3 as a whole is better than Chicago's (do they even have a 3)?
Eternal_Sage::disagree about chicago's defense, the student is not better then the master yet.
RevRolloGoodlove::You're out of your mind Rondo, Chicago's defense is superior.  And your players were better five years ago, but now?  Sorry their time is over.
Jdzspace::I agree with this, but it has more to do with the guy on the sidelines then the guys on the floor.
RevRolloGoodlove::Easily.  Chicago would be the worst possible team for Boston to hit in the playoffs.
Rondo is the bum of bums::Nope, Boston has better players and a better defense.
Jdzspace::blah blah blah, heard it all before. still don't understand why people are so brainless as to count out the Celtics. year after year they prove haters wrong.   you would figure some would have the common sense to just say , "we could give them a run, and could win. but we'll see"  because at the end of the day, there isn't a team in the league that can beat Boston "guaranteed" in a 7 game series, least of all in less than 6 games. it's just ignorant to suggest otherwise
Eternal_Sage::in 5?? dunno about that
RevRolloGoodlove::Simple, because Chicago would win.  Which we would.
RevRolloGoodlove::Rondo...what an intelligent retort.  I guess I made my point.  Peace.
Rondo is the bum of bums::Nope
RevRolloGoodlove::Chicago's defense and bench are superior.  With everyone healthy the starting five of Chicago are far better these days.
RevRolloGoodlove::Celtics are  better in the PG??  Yeah pretty much could discount the rest of what you have to say you when you say something that sutpid.
Jdzspace::actually, if you compare the teams down the line. he really isn't far off at all.   Celtics are better in the PG,SF, SG and PG position.   comparable off the bench.  equal in coaching.   there isn't a lot that Chicago does better than Boston
RevRolloGoodlove::Cute, not even remotely close but it's really amusing that you think so.
Rondo is the bum of bums::Boston is better than the Bulls.
Eternal_Sage::beat the hell out of them, make them puny and weak!
Frank38443::HAHAHAHAHA!!! Oh man you're killing me over here Eternal
Eternal_Sage::miami needs wade healthy and curry will go 20  and 20 tonight against the knicks!
Rondo is the bum of bums::I think Boston is still better than Chicago. No way does Rose beat the C;s by himself. I was not impressed by the Bulls in the playoffs last year. Indy should've beat them, Atlanta should've beat them and they had no answer for the Heat.
conlevis2::8 points in the 4th quarter?   LMFAO!!!!!
younglouiE::This game, was very bizarre
dpas569::JDZspace, while i hate the Heat as much as the next Celtics fan, we can not ignore the truth of the matter. our problems run a lot deeper than Rondo's elbow last year. do you realize that the Heat has beaten us 8 out of the last 9 times they've played us. with the exception of Rondo, we just haven't been able to match their athleticism and energy. the Heat may not play a better "team" game than the Celtics, but whatever they're doing, it's working extremely well against us. we cannot beat that team in a 5 or 7 game series with a 33, 34, 35, and 36 year old playing a bulk of the minutes. that's the reality of the situation. it's one thing to be a fan, it's another to disregard the facts and reality of the situation.
dpas569::omg, they won't post my post JDZspace, while i hate the Heat as much as the next Celtics fan, we can not ignore the truth of the matter. our problems run a lot deeper than Rondo's elbow last year. do you realize that the Heat has beaten us 8 out of the last 9 times they've played us. with the exception of Rondo, we just haven't been able to match their athleticism and energy. the Heat may not play a better "team" game than the Celtics, but whatever they're doing, it's working extremely well against us. we cannot beat that team in a 5 or 7 game series with a 33, 34, 35, and 36 year old playing a bulk of the minutes. that's the reality of the situation. it's one thing to be a fan, it's another to disregard the facts and reality of the situation.
Eternal_Sage::yes they did
Rondo is the bum of bums::Dwight isn't a star. No way does a star let his team lose a 27 point lead at home. Did Dwight even score in the 4th quarter?
RevRolloGoodlove::The loss really isn't on him.  He played great defense, he wasn't the one guarding Pierce and when he got the ball he scored.  Yeah maybe he could have done more to get open but really there are many others worth blaming before you get to Howard.  And of course Howard is a star regardless of this game.  He's the best big man in the league, no doubt.
Frank38443::Bynum does have superior O, but not even by that much. Dwight is still by far the superior player
Rondo is the bum of bums::I don't think Bynum is a star but he has better offensive moves than Dwight.
paul2285::16pts/16rebs means nothing when your team is outscored by 25 when you're in the game
bizzo.james::It's not on Dwight.  This has been the Magic M.O. since 2009.  For some reason the team does not go to Dwight when it matters.  He got almost no touches in the fourth because the Magic start chucking three's with big leads.  It falls squarely on Van Gundy.
Frank38443::Might as well get used to playing without him now. Dude is gone in less than two months anyway
Eternal_Sage::in fairness he was out most of the first half due to fouls
Rondo is the bum of bums::The Magic were up by 27 when Dwight was out. It's his fault. He's not a star, he has no go to offensive moves when you need a crunch time basket.
younglouiE::It's not like Dwight can shoot 3 pointers. His TEAM MATES have to give him the ball or provide, which they didn't do
dpas569::JDZspace, while i hate the Heat as much as the next Celtics fan, we can not ignore the truth of the matter. our problems run a lot deeper than Rondo's elbow last year. do you realize that the Heat has beaten us 8 out of the last 9 times they've played us. with the exception of Rondo, we just haven't been able to match their athleticism and energy. the Heat may not play a better "team" game than the Celtics, but whatever they're doing, it's working extremely well against us. we cannot beat that team in a 5 or 7 game series with a 33, 34, 35, and 36 year old playing a bulk of the minutes. that's the reality of the situation. it's one thing to be a fan, it's another to disregard the facts and reality of the situation.
