Bexindy55::Putting little brother in their place as usual, this time without Parker and Splitter.  Hopefully we'll get this match-up in the playoffs and beat the snot out of them.  Mavs = softest sissy team in the NBA.
Purp-n-Yellow::Mavs = worst defending champs
jd0521::So Mav fans hope you had fun with your one title now time to let the big brother go after it again
WesTexSpur::Captain Jack is the enforcer that the spurs have been missing
WillGonzo::Way to go Mavs fans!! good game. Too bad your team sucks and got beat by a better team
xX_TRUSPURZ_Xx::This team is built for a championship with Timmy as the anchor to this whole thing.Can you imagine the defensive lineup of Timmy,Manu,Leonard,and Diaw.
denveraic::If the Spurs can just get Diaw to lose 10-15 lbs for the playoffs, then they will be scary. They need to develop some chemistry over the next month as well. Manu and Parker need to hit the court together, as well as play with Diaw and Captain Jack. The Spurs have only a month to make it work. This will be more of a challenge than anyone thinks.
nba is the worst::This year's Spurs team is so unusual - all the three-pt shots, rack up a ton of ast without Parker, and hold the Mavs to 16 points in the paint.   It just seems odd that the Spurs are #7 in 3-pt attempts, and #1 in 3-pt FG% at 40% - third in offensive efficiency and just 16th in defensive efficiency.  Just keep on rolling under the radar - and get everyone reasonably healthy by May!
ImOldschool1964::Spurs win 4 straight at home, Second in the West, add another piece to a possible championship run in Boris Diaw, and the headline is about that D-bag Lamar Odom being benched.  ESPN is without a doubt one big pile of d.oo d.oo.
spurscowboys1312::yea, we got Boris Dial now. it's on
spurscowboys1312::HOW BOUT 'EM SPURS???!!!
anonymous_sports_watcher__::SPURS ARE DEEEEEEEP!
UTSisTexas::Pop and RC just added the last few pieces to the championship team its on people.  Spurs are coming out the west and will destroy any east competition.
truetopia::Spurs...championship this year...book it!!!
springfresh33::LOL
dakgnosis::The Spurs just doin business on the Mavs.  Can't wait for the playoffs, now with SJax and Diaw we have at least 33% chance at a championship right now.
Shawn1807::A one-hit wonder is a person or act known mainly for only a single success such as Europe, Hanson, Culture Club, Coolio Artists with 4 number 1's The Temptations, Jackson 5, The Beach Boys , Blondie, Jay-Z. You get the picture.
spurscowboys1312::Shawn1807 - A one-hit wonder is a person or act known mainly for only a single success such as Europe, Hanson, Culture Club, Coolio Artists with 4 number 1's The Temptations, Jackson 5, The Beach Boys , Blondie, Jay-Z. You get the picture.  u had me till u said beach boys and jay z, i would gone Madonna and Prince
nahhb::nba draft, all nba players are eligible where would u guys put dirk? this site had him 29th, seemed too low http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/
oicurak9::Can't believe what they're doing with Odom.  Maybe mavs fans booing him alongside spurs fans was just too much for him to handle.  Time for Klohe to call Mark...
oicurak9::I love this rivalry!  Go Spurs!
muckthetoos::This Spurs team suddenly looks very dangerous in the West, the rest of the league better hope that they don't get healthy for the playoffs!!
anonymous_sports_watcher__::they're a deep team for sure.  good balance of veterans and talented young players
Im Lebrons Hairline::See what happens when I don't play?  - Lamar Odom
LeChokeJames006::<b> Spurs fans who do you all think will make a bigger impact? </b> <b> A. Stephen Jackson </b> <b> B. Boris Diaw </b>
GoofyTigre::Diaw was brought in as a PF to give Timmy a little relief. We do not have a true center; we somewhat play a two PF game.
jasiekforever::diaw is  a joke ... 410FG% for a PF?
Diablito98::You forgot C. Both !!!!
machine260292::stackjack, not even close
SB47-Locker10::Stephen Jackson.   Diaw just loves to foul people .
Clenbutador::Why didn't the coach put Lamar Odom in the game?
justinkm19::Rick can't tell him that he's trash. He is a baby. This is the only thing left to do. Sit him until he is ready to contribute, if not, then let him rot on the bench
oicurak9::I think Cuban needs to spend some more money!
I3UTTON::Hopefully getting benched tonight will wake him up somehow, dudes a talented player, he just has no confidence in his game whatsoever at the moment. We need him to gain that confidence to give us another weapon off the bench. Cause honestly Cardinal and Yi are not the answers, no matter how much u hate Odom
justinkm19::That was just what he told him. He sat on the bench because he has been garbage all year. He played 24 minutes against the Lakers and had 1 pont, 1 reb, 1 assist, and a steal.
cbcash4678::that's called filling up da box score :D
spurs_fiend::Oh, they could've used him, but didn't.
I3UTTON::That's what I thought initiallly too but Carlisle said something after the game about how much they coulda used Odom tonight, so to me that doesnt sound like he's in the doghouse just yet
I3UTTON::Apparently Carlisle was "experimenting" with the rotation or something like that. It was something he talked to Odom about before the game and supposedly its just a one game thing. Why he would experiment with the rotation in a game like this is anyone's guess.
I3UTTON::Where's that f@ggot at who takes mirror pics? Carloisjacked or somethin like that, I wanna make fun of his dumb lookin @ss again haha
WillGonzo::maybe he's havin' brown love with lanelewis or dirkmggirk on a mvas fan board
anonymous_sports_watcher__::working out w ryansmith
Ray Allen Fan91::You and me both
DIN41::tim duncan should retire, what a weak player he has become
Bexindy55::I'd be frustrated too after Timmy has abused your team for the last decade.
MegaSoldier::I3UTTON -There is no bigger choke than when the Mavs lost in the first round as the number one seed to the Warriors
Shawn1807::Timmy practicly out rebounded your entire team. I don't think the Mavs even make the playoffs this year.
Shawn1807::The last time the Spurs met the Mavs in the playoff the Mavs choked.
Tams92::I3UTTON - Mavs will get 7th seed and help the Spurs choke away another first round playoff series ;)  From one Mavs fan to another, please shut up.
I3UTTON::Mavs will get 7th seed and help the Spurs choke away another first round playoff series ;)
muckthetoos::I love how Mavs fans finally get a ring and think they can talk trash, get 4 and then we will talk!! Oh yeah and that Dinosaur that you are talking about has his team with the 2nd best record in the West and just schooled your team without Parker and Tiago, I'm done with you Scrub!!!!!
Bexindy55::Have you been living under a rock?  The Mavs have the biggest under-performing, choke record in the NBA for the last decade.  Losing in the finals after being up 2-0 and losing 4 consecutive like a bunch of sissies.  Getting pounded by an inferior Warriors squad in the first round, losing to an inferior Spurs squad two years ago in the first round...the list goes on.  So keep you're trap shut numbnuts.
dakgnosis::That was the second night of a back to back. The spurs had just beaten the Thunder and emptied out the bench.  tonight was the first time they played for reals, and spurs beat them despite not having parker!
I3UTTON::Haha youre an idiot. Your team had the best record in the West last year and lost in the first round. Yet you still think regular season records matter? Haha moron. BTW the Mavs beat your overrated Spurs team at full strength just a week ago when the Mavs were missing 3 starters. So suck on that.
DIN41::your spurs dinosaur team won't win anything the next decade, live with that.
WillGonzo::Like your mavs team will? When you guys catch up to the Spurs in titles, only then will you guys be able to talk. Until then give it a rest sucka!!!
GBeck001::The Mavs team are not the only ones who sucks hard!  Maybe you should be the one to call it quits.  Go! Spurs! Go!
DIN41::mavs team sucks so hard when dirk has a bad day
Ray Allen Fan91::http://comic.naver.com/webtoon/detail.nhn?titleId=350217&amp;no=31&amp;weekday=tue  Read it
rackem_smackemm::mavs are a half game out from missing the playoffs entirely.
justinkm19::No, but Haywood's numbers are not far off, and West does the same thing for us that Barea did for us. Plus Roddy and Ian won't have to be on the floor so much.
I3UTTON::Rackem is dumb lol
justinkm19::You don't know basketball. When you lose your starting center that means guys that would barely play get on the court get a  lot of playing time. If one gets in foul trouble you're down to your 4th center. Don't be such a $@%!$@
I3UTTON::Haywood has anchored the Mavs interior defense all season long and West has been the Mavs best guard perimeter defender. So yes they are major difference makers defensively and West is solid offensively as well.
rackem_smackemm::lmao...you probably actually believe that haywood &amp; west are difference makers.
justinkm19::About to get reinforcements
rackem_smackemm::tyson &amp; jj coming back?
huskers49ers10::go spurs,  not flashy but all they do is win year in and year out and that's why they are my team
LSD_hookem::Which is not to they they don't have paid athletes in nebraska
justinkm19::And you like Nebraska and 49ers.....hmmmm
huskers49ers10::live in nebraska and have been 49ers fan pretty much whole life. We have no pro teams in nebraskaa
justinkm19::Bandwagoner
huskers49ers10::have been fan since mid 90's
J-SMOOVE2036::how many series have the spurs and mavs met in the playoffs?  and what is the head to head record for series won?
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::http://sports.yahoo.com/nba/news?slug=dallaspost
anonymous_sports_watcher__::spurs beat mavs in 01,03,10 mavs beat spurs in 06, 09 i think
justinkm19::In the last 10 years the overall is dead even I believe. I think before the last time they played they said the Mavs were 33-32 against them
J-SMOOVE2036::The Spurs are legit this year.  This is their last shot at a title and i think they can do it.  They have a great coach, a big 3, and great depth.  Thats all u need to win in the playoffs as well as veteran experience.  Dallas blew it when they lost chandler.
Shawn1807::I'm Just happy to see the Spurs year in year out make a run whether they win or not they keep making runs at it. Keep pounding that rock.
GBeck001::This is not the Spurs last shot at a title.  The Spurs over the last 2-3 years has reinvented themselves and has gotten much younger and rely to Duncan (our oldest player) much less.  If Boston could win a championship a few years back with their aged lineup, then the Spurs revitalized group with one or two key players added along the way, has several good years left at winning another title.  Go! Spurs! Go!
justinkm19::I think with West hurt right now it shows how much we miss the penetration into the paint from him and Barea from last year
FunkTron2x::Just gotta be able to play that D during the playoffs. We'll have a chance if we can do that.
justinkm19::No they didn't. He's not worth the money he was given. we opened up cap space, and that was the point
anonymous_sports_watcher__::Spurs are DEEP
daboafadem::I think fans of both sides just need to "simma dahn nah."  Season series was a split @ 2-2.  Great rivalry.  Would love to see the Spurs and Mavs play in the playoffs because it would be intense.
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Texas: Where all 3 of our NBA teams are in the playoff picture.
FunkTron2x::Houston is "in the picture", but blurry and off at a distance. :-)
mystupidmembername::Why does Dirk let the Spurs get in his head so bad? I'm not sure I've ever seen anything like it. I love to watch him melt down because it usually means a Spurs win.
justinkm19::So we were without Haywood and West, and have been for a long time. Being without TP doesn't hurt you guys. You're more athletic without him
mystupidmembername::?????????? Leading scorer, assist leader, only true point guard we have ....  oh, I see your point. We are better without him. Good grief.......
wildcats137::And TP didn't even play but yeah it was a good game scared the $@%! out of me when you guys came back in the third
GBeck001::Leonard got hack'd several times in the paint without getting a call.  There's no crying in B-ball
justinkm19::Not always. A ref can completely change a game, and the momentum. The Spurs deserved it. No doubt. Dirk had an off night.
mystupidmembername::There ya go!
wildcats137::I also saw Kawhi block him out clean as can be and Dirk get all butt hurt and get a T. That was hilarious.
wildcats137::Didn't see Timmy get T'd when Carpenter tried to gouge out his eyes..... what's that thing called..... oh yeah CLASS
justinkm19::Because he had just gotten hit in the head at the other end
mystupidmembername::OMG! Seriously? You sound like a Suns fan now! The way Dirk swings his elbows HE should be fouled out nearly every night. But that's the game! And just because you force yourself into the defender and flail your arms around doesn't mean you were fouled. From all the Dallas games I've seen I think you have to agree he GETS the calls his way more often than not. Whether he had an off night or there was some good defense on him PLEASE don't whine about the officiating. It's beneath you. You're the freaking world champs for goodness sakes...
mystupidmembername::so is hitting someone in the sack when they're standing over you...what's your point?
justinkm19::Getting hacked on the arm is a foul, so is getting hit on the elbow while shooting.
justinkm19::Yes I did see it. Do you see when Manu is allowed to travel consistently. If you didn't see getting Dirk hacked then it's because you're a Spurs fan, and that's it.
FunkTron2x::Good teams overcome bad refs. Period.
anonymous_sports_watcher__::spurs mavs is always emotional for both teams
wildcats137::You on some good $@%! bro? Did you see that play where Dirk took 4 steps and didn't get called for the travel?
Racketyplum::Tim was geeting hacked in Dallas last week.
Racketyplum::just because dirk B*itches every play doesnt make it a foul.
wildcats137::You do realize the spurs had 17 fouls and the Mavs only had 10 right?
justinkm19::Nice exaggeration. Dirk complained when he was fouled. Just like most NBA players do. There were a lot of no calls for both teams. It was easy to see early on they were letting thgem play. Then the Spurs started going to the line, and Dirk was getting raped in the post.
justinkm19::Hard not too when they are allowed to foul him like that with no call. Dirk should have been on the line 10 more times
Mr.BrianPeppers::O gawd really?
anonymous_sports_watcher__::a lot of spurs fans resent the fact that the media treats the team like crap myself included
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::The less attention they get...I think the better they can concentrate on their game!
anonymous_sports_watcher__::true but it gets annoying lol
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::No TP....Noooo problem!!!!!  Goooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!! Spurs!!!!! Goooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!
zsalloum::When did the spurs get diaw???
jb1919::about five hours before tip-off tonight.
death2dan::Very impressed by Diaw tonight.  His defense on Dirk can't be ignored.  Hopefully he can do that night in and night out, and in the playoffs when it counts.
FunkTron2x::I just hope he stays in shape. Guy needs to run daily and stop eating donuts.
justinkm19::He didnt play good D moron.
rowrbazzle11::The writer of the article disagrees with you.  "Nowitzki was hounded by several Spurs throughout the game, but newly signed Boris Diaw proved the most effective defender for the Spurs."
jb1919::to the mavs fans upset about the trash talk. it comes with the territory. after any of the the spurs championship wins the champagne on the floor wasn't even dry before the media started talking about how good the lakers were going to be. Every opposing fan we came across swore up and down that the spurs stunk but celebrated like they won the super bowl when they beat us.  the media was like this as well   As much as I despise the mavs since they are the spurs rival, I have mad respect for them.... they are the reigning champs until someone else ends their season. Having said that... GO SPURS!
I3UTTON::A spurs fan with some sense? That's a first haha
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Ya got to wait a bit after the game for the people with common sense and respect to comment. Right after losses, trolls dominate.
LSD_hookem::Okc fan here- all I gotta say is "Dang, Spurs!"
ahmad751::Spurs vs Mavs playoff series will be a great one.
I3UTTON::Spurs fans last year during regular season: " Dang were unstoppable!"  Spurs fans last year during playoffs: "what happened?!"  LOL
Shawn1807::The Spurs make a run for it every year with good coaching good draftiing and character, thats all that matters. Keep pounding that rock.
FunkTron2x::Four trophies, kiddo. Four trophies. Can't win it every season. :-)
I3UTTON::Haha new decade kiddo. Yall haven't done anything in five years
Mr.BrianPeppers::its funny how dallas fans wanna talk about history. When dallas wins 3 more than come talk smack
Racketyplum::No but the mavs not making the playoffs will have you aching, looking more and more likely.
ImOldschool1964::I3UTTON is out for blood, he's really b.utt hurt right now about the beatdown.
I3UTTON::Ya dude and winning a championship last year has me aching as well haha!
SteelersSpursDodgers::no, it's probably the 27-22 record and being a game from missing the playoffs that has you aching...
I3UTTON::Yes I'm sooooo butthurt over a regular season loss hahaha.
EazyZee::Mavs fans must have amnesia.. y'all got bounced by the 8th seeded warriors too. And had plenty of playoff woes after that as well. But you finally got a championship, so props on that. But let's not start calling the spurs playoff busts, when you're team has faced its struggles in the playoffs as well.
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Sometimes it just take an opposing team that dominates in all your weaknesses to punk ya.   I still remember the Warriors in 2007.
SteelersSpursDodgers::dude, the fact is any one of the top 2 or 3 seeds in each conference is capable of winning a title any given year...we're no different from any other fans in thinking we have a team that if all goes well could win a title
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Momentum is everything.... online.
EazyZee::Some fans are claiming that. There are delusional fans in every fanbase. I've seen mavs fans get just as excited after a W, especially when its against a rival team. Doesn't mean all spurs fan feel that way. I personally think we still need another big and need to improve defensively.
I3UTTON::Exactly. That's why its amusing to hear spurs fans claim themselves 2012 champions after a regular season win lol.
EazyZee::agreed.. thank you for actually seeing it the way it is
fsuseminole88::as long as the bulls beat the miami weep in the east or the thunder send prince lebum james &amp; co to their locker room wailing in june (crygate 3.1) I'm cool with that. it was a throwaway season for the mavs and cuban fired that bullet back in december. I'm ready for d-will and solid replacements for tyson &amp; JJB to arrive this summer*
mespin018::ESPN should have had the Mavs vs. Spurs on ESPN instead of Nuggets vs. Jazz.
jb1919::good gawd... The Spurs are looking fantastic right now.
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::They are looking rather good. I'll give respect where it's due.  - Mavs fan.
I3UTTON::spurs fans think they gonna win a championship when they haven't done so in 5 years haha. New decade
Shawn1807::Maybe not but they make a run for it every year you gotta hand it to them for that.
ImOldschool1964::You're b.utt hurt is showing/
rataurus1973::the hair on my left nutts defends better than the Mavs
FanofTexas28::People who don't like their own posts&gt;People who do
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::He has 4 accounts. It's true.
FanofTexas28::Whenever we play a team that has more titles than us, they talk about that. But when we say we're defending champs, we're supposed to stop living in the past. Funny.
jb1919::comes with the territory. the champagne on the floor after the spurs championship wins wasn't even dry before the media started talking about how good the lakers were going to be. Every opposing fan we came across swore up and down that the spurs stunk but celebrated like they won the super bowl when they'd beat us.   As much as I despise the mavs... as they are the spurs rival, I have mad respect for them.
FanofTexas28::Lakers fans, Yankees fans, Steelers fans. Same people.
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Gotta love Lakers and Yankee fans. Blah!
timmyspurs::so excited about the playoffs. By far the best bench we've ever had. Praying for health. If healthy I can taste the champagne
jb1919::pop is on record saying this is the best Spurs team he has ever coached.
SteelersSpursDodgers::i agree...i just think we are as strong or stronger than any team out there
fsuseminole88::pray that you don't witness another broom despite a stellar regular season lol
fsuseminole88::my b I had the first round exit confused w/the broom in 2010. my mistake*
timmyspurs::we didn't get swept last year....
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Stick to beer. It's better.
rataurus1973::Mavs fans think they get the same luck as last year if they get in....Lmao!
FanofTexas28::You mean like Caron Butler not playing? Dirk having a high fever in the Finals?
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::It can happen. Maybe the Spurs get bounced like last season? Never know.
