Jay Thomas::For all those that say Melo is a ball hog... please check the line the past two games.  When he has help... or his teammates are hitting shots... he doesn't shoot as much.  When they don't... he feels like he has to take over the game by himself.  As a result, his efficiency goes down, and his shot attempts go up.
Francis Santana::That's where you are wrong. He was not shooting less because they were making shots. They were making shots because he was shooting less. Watch the interview, he admitted he is now taking less shots and passing more because he wants to try something new. Same thing happened last year, when he plays team ball and doesn't take 40 shots a game they win.
Jonathan Ascencio::2 wins and Knicks fans are already talking playoffs, well seeing as how pathetic the East is they actually might make it lol.
John Perla::You can be 10 games under .500 and make the playoffs.  I think the Knicks will make it, just not higher than a 5 seed, probably end up a 7 seed.  The East is quite pathetic.
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Knicks have a swagger right now after two straight dominating wins, back on track
Luc Whissell::LOL, against 2 weak teams.
Clifford Francois::a win is a win, luc.
Timothy J. Casey::Knicks looking like they found out how to play basketball again. Hopefully they can keep it up. The east could use another quality squad or two to make things interesting.
Luc Whissell::Yeah they found out how to play against 2 weak opponents lol.
Timothy J. Casey::Still, there's no guarantees they would've beaten either of them a weak ago, much less by an average of 30+ points.
Charles Vogt::Go on, be a hater Wheasel! I'll take 30+ wins back to back against any NBA team, especially when you've been losing games like this all season.
Kyle Weedon::Here we go again, we will never get off to good starts with Felton at PG. Opposing PG's get hard ons when they see Knicks on schedule! He's a back up at best at this point in his career! Woody wake the Hell up!!
John Egan::They can say what they want about Melo, he's top 5 player in the association, they get a true complimentary star to play with him and the knicks would be contenders
Marcos Kolioulis::all the knicks fans are back to giving melo a reach around
Rafael Angulo::Magic by 7...easy
Jorge DC::Ok
Rafael Angulo::knicks blew their load last night
SirBeast Fiftybuc::Rafael Angulo   lol vs the nets it wasnt a load
Raymond Bermea::Now that is how you play Knick basketball! Snapping your seven game home losing streak in an emphatic matter! 38 point blowout, 121-83. The Knicks are back for now. Two wins in a row. Carmelo finished with 20 points, 11 rebounds, and 4 assists. He scored 1/6 of the team's 121 points, Carmelo Anthony. Two blowout wins in a row combined for 68 points.
Luc Whissell::2 weak teams.
Lee Carousis::In the NBA if you win back to back by 30+ a game, that is a statement. Knicks in the last 2 have looked like the team they should be. Not saying that they are the best, just saying they are a top 4 team in the east and until the last 2 games they were playing like the worst. Melo needs to continue playing smart bball.
Charles Vogt::Welcome back Knickerbockers, you re-found your identity. Lawd we have missed you these past few months!
Luc Whissell::Easy  to so against 2 of the worst teams in the NBA lol.
Zachary Rudis::Winning by 30 against any team is impressive. They magic and nets may be terrible but they are still NBA teams
Wild Silverback::Good comeback... Knicks will win by double digits..
John Martin::Melo took only ten shots and the Knicks won big.  Hmmm.
Andy P Kordyban::Melo had 4 assists? I bet that was a career high.
Darnell Poteat::Had 6 the night before so...
Lance Burkes::Oladipo another triple double this time a win
King Tony::Were baaaaaaaack!
Dennis Lynch::Knicks are a juggernaut
Luc Whissell::LMAO I hope you're being sarcastic.
Erick Floyd::I'll see u tomorrow nite bro!
Erick Floyd::Twin Floyd
Twin Floyd::Yeah. Let me pack up my Knicks gear. We fighting to not be the worst team despite the fact we spending the most $$.. that sux azz!!!
Jay Rainey::Let's go Magic!
Lisa Beatty::Lets go Magic
Wild Silverback::LOL !
Alex Hernandez::Indiana = 17-2... hmmm!  If that were the Knicks (like last season), people would say: "it's only because the Eastern Conference is weak!".  But since it's the Pacers, from a not so worthy city (NOT MY SAYING), the record is dominance.  Last season the Pacers started the same as the Knicks have this season and people praised the Pacers.  It's convenient now to go against that notion (because this time it's the Knicks with the poor record) and kick the Knicks while they're down.  Hopefully, the Knicks show its true power and shut up all the bandwagon haters.
Andy P Kordyban::Indiana's 17-2 record is more of a dominant record because the Pacers took the Heat to 7 games in last years ECF. What have the Knicks done in the playoffs recently? Exactly.
Cory Koolcgrizzy Green::The heat only beat the Knicks once out of four games last season. That's dominant to me.
Andy P Kordyban::Cory Koolcgrizzy Green LMAO! Dumbest comment I have heard in awhile. Show me those regular season season trophies the Knicks won... and i will show you BACK TO BACK NBA CHAMPIONSHIPS the Heat won!
Rick Voorhees::All the naysayers say Melo is a ball hog...The guy is a scorer first but can pass as well as anyone in the NBA, as far as rebounding the ball he is capable of pulling down 10-12 a game if he had to.  It seems to me Melo has gotten a bad rap for all these years, I can go back in the 60's & 70's and name some superstars that today would be called ball hogs.  Nice win last night go Knicks...
Evan Michael::everyone saying this was against a bad team....only two teams have beat the magic by more than 20 points this season, the heat and the spurs, each by 28....tonight the knicks blew them out by 38
Evan Michael::correction....the spurs beat them by 18, which makes just the knicks and heat
Joshua Nix::Evan Michael I really hope your not bragging on a win against the magic. Not to mention their two best players were out. Just saying bro!!!!!!!!
Evan Michael::Joshua Nix not bragging....just stating that only one other team has blow the magic out and that was the heat
Steven Rivera::Knicks did what they supposed to do beat 2 struggling teams, Now lets keep this W train going! and hopefully we can make a trade for a decent high end PG cause Felton is just not the answer
Wild Silverback::KNICKSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSsssssssssssssssss !
