Blondie::Anyone who says the Lakers should tank the season for a high draft pick is sleeping.  Why????   Well, for one, Nick Young, Xavier Henry, Wesley Johnson, and Shawne Williams were all former high first round picks for the former respective teams.  Second, the Lakers did get lucky with signing them since they now have the talent pool at the forward and guard positions.  And lastly, it doesn't matter if the Lakers tank the season to get a high draft pick since they already have a nucleus of talent in place and adding one more doesn't really make a difference because it is the coaching of the players that plays a big role of how the team jells in winning games.    D'Antoni should have never been hired in the first place since it was because of his personality conflicts with Dwight Howard that left the Lakers void of the center position.  Now, D'Antoni has a plethora of talent and doesn't know to use them but instead uses players from last season like Nash, Blake, and Meeks and giving them heavy minutes and then losing games in the process.  If anything, the first game of the season was a good indicator of the talent pool since Nick Young, Xavier Henry, Wesley Johnson, and Shawne Williams all played heavy minutes (with Gasol, Nash, Blake, and Meeks all sitting as bench warmers) and upset the Clippers.  I say give Xavier Henry, Wesley Johnson, Shawne Williams, and Jordan Farmar more minutes as starters and the Lakers will upset some heavily favored teams again.
BeatBox::Teams can go over the Luxury tax for 2-3 seasons before they have to cut back and then get to start the percentage increase over again. Huge contracts to one player will be gone as the owners are greedy and will make millions more than they do now.
Jihn H::With the way the minutes are distributed, it looks like D'Antoni is playing 2 starting units.
David::Get used to this, Laker fans. When you get blasted like this, at home from a team as bad as Minny your season is officially FINISHED. Look for Bricklayer to become the "Comeback player of the year" but nothing more from this team. After this season I hope they wipe the slate clean with these losers and start a new era with Anthony.
patrick::I had to look once, twice, three times, to see if my eyes really saw 47 in one quarter!
Rjay::Laker fan but they are very hard to watch. I had to turn off the game. They look like a basketball vaudeville routine. No chemistry, no energy, no playbook. Mike D doesn't have a clue. I expected at least some interesting B Ball from them but they are pathetic. I hate to say they need "The Ball Hog", but they obviously do. Right now they are the pits. The Houston win was just plain luck and they wont beat the Clippers again. I don't see a team I just see 5 arbitrary guys on the floor.
emb001981::By the 4th quarter the Lakers fans will start proposing ridiculous trade offers where they send their washed up old players to other teams for their young stars. Trade Gasol for Lamarcus Aldridge and then Nash and Meeks for Kevin Love and we're back in the finals! Then we'll sign Lebron in the offseason and bring back Phil!!
Lance::#12 in Western conference.
emb001981::LMAO @ thinking the Lakers are going to get 1 of the best players in the league for that washed up loser Gasol on a contract that expires at the end of the year. Bro you dont know jack about how NBA transactions work. You live in a fantasy world. Lakers wont have a top 5 pick or get anything worthwhile in trade for any of the players currently on the roster. Nobody wants them!
Rodney::If it wasn't for the Sacramento Kings, the Lakers would be hogging up last place.
