themightyrule10::Pek and Luke ridnour are overrated
FreddyFingers5150::Time to unleash D-Will once and for all!!... he's got 20/10 potential and is a matchup nightmare!!
k08324::Thank you Timberwolves for protecting home court for Staples... F U C K the clippers
Pintz11::man shut that shyyyt up.... clippers are overrated.. jordan is garbage and rubio is showing why he was worth the wait.. the best floor general in the league
abovethelies2::Clippers will do just fine. as will the Wolves. The Wolves just have a much stronger bench than the Clippers and Chauncey's loss was HUGE.....
modbeater::Where'd all the Clippers fans go? The Wolves turned on the lights and the little cockroaches scattered.
CoreyBlair31::http://sportsblogette.blogspot.com/2012/02/kings-royalty-in-sacramento.html  The Kings are the FUTURE in the NBA!!!
JB_Smoove_Midnight3::Man, did you guys see Perkins?? He really put on a defensive showcase ast night. Love was no match.
modbeater::Don't worry Clippers fan. You still have that "Champions of the Pre Season" banner that you won a couple of months ago. No one can ever take that away from you.
aMAVRICKinMINNESOTA::clippers are still the best team on 2k12 :D
mark35345::Clipper curse looked alive and well last night! Chris Paul won but the team didn't...
Leap_JRH::Minnesota had to get better. They couldn't get much worse. I won't discredit Kahn for building a better team, but let's be truthful, it was hard to screw this up. Good win for the Wolves last night - this team fights.
Sjotyme::If it was baseball and Bill Smith, he would have screwed it up.
grjacob::The clippers screwed up rebuilding for nearly 20 years, it is possible to do
mark35345::And they have Vinny Del Negro coaching - a professional screw up!
mark35345::And they have fresh legs. Look for these guys and/or the Rockets to kick these top West seeds' $@%!$ in the playoffs.
Leap_JRH::I think Minnesota can get to 5 or 6, we'll see. They need to ride this wave of momentum for a few weeks and win a bunch of games to do that. I think they can get it done. Bricky Rubio has to start scoring though or at least doing better with the chances he takes. Shooting sub 40% night after night, and sometimes worse than that, it's hurting.
grjacob::as a 5 or 6 seed, yes.  but going against a 1 or 2 seed would be difficult.
Leap_JRH::I like Minnesota's chances to pull off an upset too. Their youth should serve them well in the 1st round, assuming they stay healthy enough to make it. They can ill-afford a loss of a key player for any duration of time.
nbanbanba12332::Minnesota people get a life   Sincerely   Alaska
NovaNationReynolds::where the hell is alaska?
abovethelies2::All that needs to be said is "30 Days of Night"....which is descriptive of Alaska.....
Caleb7995::Alaska,  Until you actually land a major league franchise, shut up and mount that eskimo dog that you call a wife.  Not as Sincerely,  Civilization
aMAVRICKinMINNESOTA::thank you for taking all of the worlds snowfall this year
Solitary.Pine::PEK
mark35345::The irritating thing is: Love and that Center bring it every night - with hustle and guts. Bynum and Gasol don't do that. They stiff certain games for various reasons. But look at Garnett he's older and slowing down but he doesn't stiff like Bynum and Gasol.
themightyrule10::the wolves have 7 lottery picks on their roster
Pintz11::flip will resurge once again..  GUARANTEED
aMAVRICKinMINNESOTA::im not saying i agree with those picks. but remember that they did show a lot of upside. Flynn was runner up for rookie of the year behind Evans and Wes had a great year last year.
Caleb7995::probably dropping a deuce
mark35345::What's Flynn doing now?
themightyrule10::i still don't completely trust him.  Dude passed on demarcus cousins to pick wes johnson
mark35345::agreed and that Johnny Flynn thing was un excusable too.
mark35345::So if the T-wolves are successful in the playoffs it's "The Wrath of Khan" after all the criticism he took.
mark35345::just a preseason game but....the T-wolves look like they could do what the Grizzlies did last year in the playoffs - run an old team off the court. Bynum's knee is sore, Gasol may or may not show up, Kobe has a headache, and D. Fisher couldn't stay within 8 feet of J. Barrea last year (and he's their 2nd or 3rd point guard). Looks like it could be 2 in a row for the young T-wolves.
themightyrule10::i would love to see josh macroberts or pau gasol come out to the 3 point line and try to guard d will.   beasley is going to give metta world peace the business
mark35345::Barrea, Williams, and Beasley looked like they could destroy the Lakers perimeter defense. And we all know Kevin Love out hustles all of our guys  and that T-wolf center hustles too.
slo1111::Missed the game unfortunately, but it was nice checking the score and seeing the win.  Thoughts of the stats I see.  1.  Rubio shot sucks.  I just saw a clip of him with hitting some crazy 12 or so shots from behind the backboard.  He is money when standing and not under pressure.  usually to convert that to game situations he needs work getting set and then just dealing with the mental block.    2.  Beasly tore it up.  look for him to slide the next 5 to 10 games before seeing another performance like that.  No need to get all crazy and say he should start. 3.  Williams, nice to see him hit his perimiter shots, finally.  I do like to see him get more playing time to see if he can build on this performance, but since it was flawless offensivley, don't expect this from him every night. 4.  Pek seemed to be solid need to keep him in at center.  Nice to have a big guy who can shoot free throws. 5.  Klove - doesn't seem to be same since got back from suspension.  Still good, but needs some focus so we can get him in the mvp discussion. 6.  Martel seemed to have decent game.  Need to see if he can keep it up.  Let's get a win tonight!
mark35345::What was interesting: no matter how much better C. Paul was against their point guards - it didn't matter. The T-wolves worked the Clippers over. Caron Butler looked his age, short, and slow on the perimeter (like a guy who came off Knee surgery).
themightyrule10::go ahead and keep telling yourself that about beasley. he's our teams xfactor, the wolves wont make it to or advance in the playoffs with out him. fact.
themightyrule10::WOLVES FANS----FREE ANTHONY RANDOLPH FROM ADELMAN'S DOG HOUSE!!!!
KirbyPuckett34MN::And he plays Wes WAY too much!  Beasley does need more consistent minutes, and so does D-Will.  I'm hoping Martell's shot will get a little smoother and more accurate as he gets more playing time this season.  They're definitely fun to watch though..... for the most part!
FantasyNazi::If every coach you have keeps you in the dog house, you're probably a dog.
themightyrule10::damn right....he's a freak athlete for a big man and can run the floor so well. Remember the chemistry he and rubio showed beginning of the season??  the ONE knock i have on adelman is he treats his young guys like children sometimes.  He benches them for what seems like petty mistakes, will give beasley very spotty minutes, and for some reason refuses to play anthony randolph??
Geech63::He got PT with the Warriors averaging double figures in points..and every time Adelman lets him play he does good
JB_Smoove_Midnight3::Wolves need a player like Perkins.
Geech63::its not even funny man jus stop
Geech63::lol..he gets no PT
JB_Smoove_Midnight3::<b>Can you say DOMINATE?? Perkins was a beast out there.. for the first half anyways</b>
themightyrule10::IN MY OWN OPINION, THIS IS THE WOLVES BEST LINEUP-  1-RUBIO 2-WAYNE ELLINGTON OR MALCOLM LEE 3-MIKE B-EASY 4-DWILL 5-KLOVE
slo1111::You have to insert Pek into that line up.  Doesn't make sense to have love, beasely, and williams starting.  Who would you go to for your bench strength?  Plus, with beasely and williams taking up shots you lose the effectiveness of klove.  Rubio Ellington/Ridnour - who ever is the flavor of the week. Pek Klove Williams -  force williams to take on the #3 and convert him into that.  If he can hit parameter like last night and drive like the beast he could be deadly there.  Then have beasely who can hop in as 3 or 4
Franchise8515::I agree Mighty. Beasely is our only three. For some reason Wes has played mainly at the three all year long and I can't figure that one out. Wes needs to play the two when he plays (which should be very little) and beasley, Williams and Love need to play the 3/4 in a combination of minutes depending on who they are playing.
themightyrule10::definitely. matchups are everything, that's why I hope the wolves don't trade away beasley or dwill, they give us soooo much versatility that is a nightmare for other coaches to gameplan for.
Clipshow07::Rubio FG% so far this season is 36%. I understand though he doesn't need to shoot but just distribute the ball well as he does. Just saying if he can become a better shooter he will be really dangerous - but I don't see his shot improving that much so he will have to rely on his passing game.
themightyrule10::i honestly think that fits our run and gun style of play the BEST, say what you want, but this is what made me come to that-  -wayne and malcolm are our most athletic, and basically our only 2 guards, besides wes who is a 2-3 depending on matchups. -mike beasley is our best option at 3, he's 6'10, has handles, and can shoot from anywhere. need i say more? -DWILL is a matchup nightmare. he's quick and athletic, can jump, so he can compete in the low post. he can also bring his guy out to the 3 point line and drill one in his face, or put it on the floor and drive past him. -KLOVE is also a mismatch for other centers, with his shooting range and the way he runs the floor  I just cant see other teams being able to run with that lineup.....especially with rubio's court vision
themightyrule10::because barea and ridnour are mediocre guards! i think it was a fluke to sign barea, he was on a loaded mavs team and benefited from being 1 on 1 the entire playoffs. Yes, its my opinion that malcolm lee (i saw him play in college multiple times) or wayne ellington, who is an amazing athlete with an extremely smooth game, would be better options at our 2 spot. why would YOU want to play an undersized point guard at the 2 guard spot??
FantasyNazi::Malcolm Lee is a second round pick who has has been hurt and has never played one minute in his NBA career.  Why do you think he would be a better option that Ridnour or Barea who have been in the NBA for years?  Maybe Martell could be good starting, but not Lee or Ellington.  Also, Pek needs to be in the starting 5.
Clipshow07::If only Rubio could shoot, he would be scary good. Guy couldn't shoot his way out of a paper bag, nice dimes of course, though.
themightyrule10::yes agreed. his vision and unselfishness are keys to our success on offense, but he just looks lost sometimes when everything is broken down and even HE knows he cant create his own shot. GIVE HIM TIME though, people were telling me that jason kidd wasn't a particularly good shooter when he first came to the league
Clipshow07::Look, our defense is PATHETIC!! Teams now realize all you have to do against us is set the high pick and it causes havoc. We cannot recover and you can get any shot you want against us. We refuse to fight through picks and do not rotate properly, thus leaving holes everywhere. You would think VDN would've learned something about defense from Popovich. Notice any team VDN has coached has had zero defense, it's why he got ran in Chicago. Thibodeau comes in and tightens up the d and Chicago is a top team. We will go nowhere if we continue to play no defense. FIGURE IT OUT VINNY!!!!!!!!!
themightyrule10::the clippers don't play with a swagger.....they don't have that chip on their shoulder (which they should, they have sucked forever) and it shows when they get outhustled in crunch time....BUT, i cant blame them entirely.  The wolves have 2, #2 picks in beasley and dwill to come off the bench, and when they both play well, its very difficult to play the wolves
Clipshow07::Yeah, if we don't get any defensive swagger, we aren't going anywhere. Unfortunately our coach is clueless and doesn't know how to defend the high pick/rotational defense. It's glaringly obvious and teams now have realized this and we are in for a dismal second half if we can't defend.
themightyrule10::michael beasley and derrick williams are the wolves most talented scorers. YES, RELAX, kevin love gets his numbers and i'm not hating on him whatsoever, but if the wolves want to make the playoffs, the ADVANCE against very solid team like the clippers and lakers, they will NEED mike beasley and dwill to perform. they are the wolves X factors, whether you like it or not
Franchise8515::Beasley was pretty consistent last year until he hurt his ankle and by that point when he came back the season was basically over. Beasley dominated the first two months of the season last year and I think people forget about that.
themightyrule10::I always offend people when i say this-BUT BEASLEY was, and still is, the wolves best SCORING option. fans always say-ohhh what about klove?? well I dont think thats klove's game, to be our go-to scorer.  he's much better hitting the offensive glass and getting putbacks, or fading out to the 3 point line when teams are getting tired and hitting down a couple 3's in a row, which in turn still gets him very, very solid stats!!  beasley is the one guy that I know can drop buckets on any team.  he's a matchup nightmare
ChristNo1Fan::Beasley is not talented consistently.
themightyrule10::he is though!! he just gets spotty minutes from adelman so when he misses his first few shots people start to get angry for some reason and he gets benched by adelman....I think kevin love, rubio, ridnour, barea, pek, and wes all force terrible shots at some point throughout every game, but I dont complain....
Clipshow07::D Williams looked like an All-Star last  night!
gr8st23::They need to put williams on the floor more.  He's got sooo much potential.  He looked like a beast last night.  It was really something to see, especially in the fourth.
ChristNo1Fan::I would say it was one game, let's not get ahead of ourselves, but the alternative is Wes Johnson, who has had his shot to start and has done nothing with it.
themightyrule10::no thats not the alternative. Wes is a 2 and plays the 3 in a small lineup when ridnour for some reason plays the 2.  Derrick is a 4, i think adelman really wanted to keep playing him at the 4 so eventually he could cause mismatches with his shooting and handling, WHICH HE DID.  mike beasley really our only true 3, and when him and derrick play together it just gives the other team headaches.
JB_Smoove_Midnight3::Man, Perkins was a monster on the boards.
ChimeraLycan::nothing against HOU but i'd rather see the Wolves in the playoffs than the Rockets
SunCaden::LAL+CON KOBE=LOL GO WOLVES :&gt;}
SunCaden::THOSE WOLVES ARE GONNA DOMANATE THE LAKERS BY 25
SunCaden::SEE YA TOMOROW NIGHT
SunCaden::J J BAREA
SunCaden::PRETTY MUCH
eototal::Minnesota handles snow...LIKE A BOSS!!!
gr8st23::Went to Mankato. Class was cancelled once in 4 years and that was when the wind chill got down to 63 below.
eototal::I live in St. Cloud and we have well over a foot.
ChristNo1Fan::That's what I heard. Down in Minneapolis we didn't get nearly as much. It was a lot more rain than snow.
ChristNo1Fan::Not today. About 4 inches and every single school in the area is closed. Roads are a little icy, but I went in much worse when I was a kid.
Leap_JRH::Is this for real? I went to bed after the 3Q.
eototal::Yes.
walley14677::Wolves are for real, look out for them to make the Playoffs in a weaker west this year. It's a great time to be a wolves fan in Minnesota with all the other teams crumbling the Wolves are the Twin Cities Sweethearts; hopefully for years to come.
SunCaden::SDFGSDFHDFGJ
SunCaden::CDGHFJJJJJGGJGJGH
SunCaden::THEY DIDNT START OFF GOOD
SunCaden::IT WASNT GREAT IT WAS AWESOME
Mavsolute_Beast_41::great road win for the wolves
Rubio is not Blondie::It was. I went to bed in the 3rd quarter and they were down by 6. It looks like they smoked them in the last third of the game.
SunCaden::ALL I CAN SAY IS GO WOLVES!
ritardano 38::Its Snowing like a Mofo
SunCaden::T WOLVES 99 LAKERS 91
SunCaden::NO
CRHS2::Did you see Sandusky dunk that ball yesterday?
SunCaden::ok ill get u a PB&amp;J
SunCaden::ILL BE RIGH BACK HANG ON
91Gmoney9009::This isnt an aol chat room bruh, tell ur mom to make me a PB&amp;J too
Rubio is not Blondie::I dont care about Arkansas either, but I dont see why cant you ignore those posts. It is one of the advantages of nested posts.
91Gmoney9009::Its not intended to be a site where people talk about the Arkansas Razorbacks and WPS. If ur gonna come on here and talk basketball, great. If not I dont want to be on the same board as u.
Rubio is not Blondie::How is this not a chat room?
modbeater::Well. At least Clippers fan has that "Champion of the PreSeason" banner to be excited about.
Rubio is not Blondie::The Playoff spot is not that bad either....I am OK as long as they loose to Minnesota every single time
lsheiner16::i can't believe the lack of media attention this has gotten. check out this dunk i think the best ever from the d- league dunk contest http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
SunCaden::THATS WHAT U CALL A DUNK
SunCaden::LAL = LOL
SunCaden::R U SURE
SunCaden::IT DOESNT DUMP EITHER
modbeater::Should have quit when the guy said it was "pouring" snow. Snow dumps. It doesn't pour.
ChristNo1Fan::And ignored.... Should've done that half an hour ago...
SunCaden::YEAH I MEANT A LIGHT SNOW
ChristNo1Fan::Yes. There may be a light snow still coming, but it's not pouring snow.
SunCaden::BLAINE
ChristNo1Fan::It's not snowing in Blaine. It stopped a while ago.
SunCaden::WELL WHERE IAM IT IS
ChristNo1Fan::Where is that in MN?
ChristNo1Fan::Do you live in MN and have a snow day off of school today?
VikingsRavensMN::You have never been to MN... it does things you wouldnt imagine... Go live in your $@%!$@ $@% SoCal...
modbeater::It dumps snow and pours rain. I'm in SoCal and I at least know that.
ChristNo1Fan::No, it's not right now...
SunCaden::I LIVE IN MN AND ITS POURING SNOW
SunCaden::WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO PIG SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
91Gmoney9009::Just stop, if u wanna be an SEC fan, join Texas A&amp;M
SunCaden::IM A RAZORBACKS FAN
Rubio is not Blondie::Tonight we are on Playoff's land
SunCaden::I HOPE KOBE DOESNT PLAY
Rubio is not Blondie::Just  read the front page it seems that he will be out.   Now to watch how Rubio torches Fisher
ChristNo1Fan::That's what I heard this morning, he has a concussion from D Wade.
Rubio is not Blondie::Concussion?
ChristNo1Fan::Already ruled out.
Rubio is not Blondie::We will win either way
SunCaden::clippers = LAC of work
SunCaden::arkansas + razorbacks = cotton bowl champs/ awesome
SunCaden::its oppsite day
SunCaden::its still oppsite day
Caleb7995::you're still an idiot
Caleb7995::you're an idiot...
SunCaden::well ive never heard of wps but ive heard of wooo pig soooie
VikingsRavensMN::Christ I have both your punters at my house right now. Drew Butler and Brad Nortman.
ChristNo1Fan::You do realize it's "opposite" and not "oppsite", right? You misspelled it twice, leading me to believe it wasn't a typo.
Caleb7995::yep.. definitely still an idiot
SunCaden::its oppsite day
ChristNo1Fan::If a Georgia fan and a Badger fan got it and you didn't, your fan card needs to be taken away.
ChristNo1Fan::You're lost your Razorbacks fan card by having to ask what WPS meant. You can post no more about them.
SunCaden::hahahaha
marvin alston::Wooooooooooooooooooooooooooo Pig pig pig pig pig pig Sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii (my gramps used to call th h3ll out of em. LMAO)
SunCaden::they fall in love with love
SunCaden::lol
SunCaden::oh i have a shirt that says that
Cabbage Mark::Woo Pig Sooie.
marvin alston::Root lil pig...or die tryin
ChristNo1Fan::You're not a razorbacks fan if you don't know.
ChristNo1Fan::exactly...
91Gmoney9009::woo pig suey....and im a georgia fan...smh
