eightbitme::Start Goudelock.  That's all I have to say about that.   :-)
nike162481::lakers needa get rid of bynums $@% ASAP,, been a DIRE HARD LAKER FAN  ALL MY LIFE BUT ITS JUS BORING WATCHING THEM PLAY THIS YEAR..NO DEFENSE ... AND JUS PLAIN dump offense being run..   can anyone beat out fisher for the starting pg role????...lol..  please jus send bynum out for dwight howard...
Kev_010::Damn Hibbert broke his noes and he still balled Bynum.
Clenbutador::Even Hibbert is better than Bynum.  There is no way the magic will trade Howard for Bynum.
SurferQ00::Knicks will take the trade: Dwight for Amare and Chandler.  http://basketball.realgm.com/wiretap/218513/Report_Magic_Inquire_About_Howard_For_Stoudemire_Chandler_Trade  Before you Laker fans start attacking this, why do the Knicks do this?  Not only will they become a playoff team this year, but they will become instant championship contenders next year.  How so?  Deron Williams.  With Chandler and Amare off the books, the Knicks will be able to make a move to sign Deron AFTER Extending Dwight.  And honestly, a team of Deron/Dwight/Carmelo triumphs over any team in the NBA.  Deron would be able to handle D-Wade on offense and defense; LeBron would be forced to guard Carmelo one on one; and Dwight would shut down any driving/ inside scoring game.  So to all of you who say, what is a better offer?  THIS IS THE BEST OFFER FOR BOTH TEAMS.  And no need to explain why Orlando does this, they are the ones inquiring.
anon62::Orlando would want to trade Hedo away too, why would they take in any contract bigger than Hedo's when they are asking to for a trade package that would involve him as well?
Dus2Dus::hate to break it to you but right now amares knees are more of a concern then andrew's and amare has a monster contract that orlando wants nothing to do with.
ditch805::I went to this game. Bynum is going to get traded for Howard straight up count on it.
Taco with a Q::Magic would get screwed so bad if that trade happened
nike162481::pretty true odom hasnt done $@%! for the mavs .. in mind tht trade was great even if they dont get no one big.. relieve money off of us... but if they get someone for the trade exemption then it'll be real helpfull for the lakers
Despicable One::If Jim Buss' dumb $@%! wouldn't have gotten rid of Odom he could have been packaged with Bynum and this trade would have happened already. Jerry, take over again and let Kupchak do his job please.
idemandarecount::Odom is Done if You haven't heard. Lakers made out pretty good on that trade
idemandarecount::Then why hasn't it happened yet?
Opragman::Pretty simple.  Both teams want Howard and neither team really wants Bynum.  That is why this trade will not happen now or in the future.
ditch805::because the Magic will be desperate at the trade deadling
2kobeisgood4::Have you heard where Gasol is going
2kobeisgood4::Is this a gay site
zayzkidd::I might be on the wrong board... Is this what the Lakers boards are like? Damn!!! I'm out.
ditch805::up your butthole
zayzkidd::Roy Hibbert got his chance to get touches because of the fact that he's not playing with the most selfish player in the league...Probably in history.... Bynum will eventually explode on Kobe if this keeps up. First, he never gets his chance to go back at Howard, then the same thing happens against Hibbert... ALL BECAUSE OF A GUY WHO WANTS TO PAD HIS SCORING STATS. Smh.
2kobeisgood4::Bynum can't touch Howard and it not even close, when will Bynum be able to run the floor like howard does
2kobeisgood4::So why you think he the 2nd best centre in the NBA
2kobeisgood4::That so call bumis carrying that guy who you think will be carrying this team when 24 has gone
zayzkidd::Well, we never really got the chance to find out because of the bum that wears #24...
ditch805::thats not his game
highlanderca::As long as Fisher is still the starting point guard the Lakes are doomed....Start making trades now....
Ball-aholic::Kobrick looked good for 3 quarters but, the  "closer" as he's marketed as looked like a scrub when it counted.
2kobeisgood4::His name is Kobe not Lebron
idemandarecount::I bet it's just a matter of time before he requests a trade. With his divorce and everything finalized.
dplunk18::The Lakers have to realize that no team is going to just give them someone without a steep price... darn near the entire league said no to the CP3 trade.  if they want D12 they may very well have to give up both bynum and Gasol....thats if Orlando now feels comfortable with the two in exchage..... maybe Bynum and Gasol are both sandbagging it on purpose.
Zachari14::I would go Amare and Chandler over Bynum and Gasol. All day, every day.
eric_the_actor1::How's that working out for the Knicks so far?
Opragman::Bynum to Utah for Favors and C.J. Miles.   Two athletic players that could really add some speed to the slow Lakers
2kobeisgood4::The problem with Bynum is he will never be athletic because of those knees
Opragman::Back to the question of Bynum being over rated or not.  Favors is only 19 and a very bright future so I would consider him more that a quarter.
idemandarecount::The Lakers need to do something, instead of just waiting for Howard and Orlando to make up there minds
eric_the_actor1::That's like trading a dollar for a quarter and a dime the Lakers would never do that.
idemandarecount::Bynum for Kevin Love
eric_the_actor1::David Kahn is dumb but not that dumb.
eric_the_actor1::Problem for Bynum is as he gets more of a role offensively, the more he gets exposed. Dude has no idea how to handle a double team and he's been in the league like 7 years.  That's unacceptable for someone who is considered by some to be the 2nd best 5 in the league.
Opragman::The Magic are not going to be interested in Bynum unless he first agrees to a long term contract.  As it is right now if they were to take Bynum then they would just be facing the same free agency problem next year that they are facing this year with Howard.  I really don't think they want to do that.
Opragman::That sounds about right but the problem is that no team is going to be interested in Bynum for just one year.  If they are interested in him then they want him long term.
eric_the_actor1::They could always use Pau, Bynum or both as trade chips for a later date. Not even sure what Bynum would get on the open market right now....4 years $56 mil?
idemandarecount::Lakers may have to Sweeten that deal with the addition of Walton
zayzkidd::LMAO.... And a wet cigarette.
eric_the_actor1::That's what it might take, but Orlando might say no to that as well. I can see them rolling the dice hoping he stays. As a Laker fan it would suck though.
idemandarecount::Has Kobe made out his list of Teams to be traded to Yet?
idemandarecount::Send Bynum to the Nets for Humphries and Lopez. Then Trade Gasol for a point Guard
frickinegg::Gasol is expendable. Useful, but not untradeable. They wouldn't be getting near enough for Bynum with that trade, though.
phx090::R U ON CRACK?
idemandarecount::No, I'm Sober
eric_the_actor1::Reports are Mitch and Jim Buss don't agree on how to make the Lakers better. Mitch supposedly would give up Pau+Bynum if it meant getting Howard, Buss prefers dealing Pau for a couple assets and keeping Bynum. I agree with Mitch, he's thinking long term. Lakers probably wont contend this year anyways and D12 sets you up for the next 7/8 years at least.
Despicable One::Jim Buss is a $@%!$ moron.
idemandarecount::Is it time to Blow up the Lakers?
dplunk18::Every Laker game for everyone on the lakers team except Kobe could be their very last as a Laker.. the players know this and they are not 100% into team right now. this is going to be a long season if the Lakers don't either make changes in a hurry, or say no one is going anywhere, and they are satisfied with what they have for the rest of the year.
eric_the_actor1::Problem is everyone is waiting on D12.
dplunk18::could be... and this has to especially tough on Bynum, and Gasol
Opragman::The lakers are now just an average team and average teams normally lose to above average teams.  The Pacers are above average.  You can normally separate the better teams in the league by looking at road wins.  Lakers played a lot of home games to start the season and so their record did not really indicate where they stood in regards to the other teams in the league.
Jordo3331::kobe s ucks
inglehacker::Kobe's 4th quarter: 2 points on 1-5 shooting with no assists.  Misses the potential game-tying shot.  Weren't all the Kobe fanboys saying that Lebron choked earlier tonight when he scored 4 in the 4th?
Ball-aholic::What ever happened to the "Kobe can score 40 a night" crowd? I guess that train has left the station. Kobrick knows this team is garbage which is why he could give a damn. Dude only wants to score to move up the scoring list. He's not even listening in timeouts.  The Faker tragedy is going to be ugly! The train is about to wreck..
2kobeisgood4::A bit like your sad life
raiderthugg1488::I get the feeling that either the people criticizing Kobe, are either not seeing what I'm seeing or they just look at the NBA schedule and say "Oh Kobe played today, let me check the stats and make assumptions about him." Then they ONLY check his stats and say "Wow he shot 28 times, what a hog, no wonder the lakers lost!" Instead they should also look at how the rest of the team did, and they would notice that no one outside of Bynum and Metta World peace shot the ball well. Gasol was 4-16 from the field. Kobe didn't shoot horrible, one more made basket and he's shooting 50 percent.   Also, If you guys actually watched the game, you would have noticed how there was decent ball movement. The problem with the Lakers right now is that no player is confident in his own shot other than Kobe Bryant. I see it all the time. A player gets a good open look, and they either hesitate to the point where when they want to shoot, the defender is already in his grill, or they force the ball to Kobe and expect him to bail them out with a few seconds left on the clock. My point is that there is too much thinking and not much reacting. Furthermore, the lakers are simply not making any shots.   This is not a case of "Kobe shooting them out of games" as some of you so confidently claim without much evidence to back it up.... In fact, once again if you ACTUALLY watched the game, there was a sequence in the end, right before Kobe's attempt to win the game, where the lakers were down by 1, Kobe has the ball in his hands and Gasol has pretty good post position down low. Kobe gets Gasol the ball, and Gasol, instead of making a strong post move to possibly make a bucket or even get a foul call, passes it right back to Kobe, who then has to hoist up the shot.   Simply put, we need other players who aren't afraid of the moment and are aggressive.......that's the problem with the offense and until it is corrected we will continue to see close games and many losses.
Truth_Sets_Free::LOL The Lakers were +3 when Kobe was off the floor.  Did you forget that stat?
Dus2Dus::Most laker fans had very little to say negative about lebron at first it was when little fat girls and boys started saying lebron was going to be a better player than Kobe with not even earning a ring yet let alone win much of anything, and all the lebron fanboys years ago said kobe is old then lebron was gonna be better that player was gonna be better. It was disrespect and hate for the lakers and Kobe which started earning some heat thrown towards lebron fanboys. Lebron lost last year in te finals cuz he still had much work to do on his game i.e. footwork become a better perimeter shooter and a better ft shooter, plus his defense 1on1 isnt solid he was a much better help defender. So get your story straight and stop trying to cause turmoil in lakerland it just wont happen.
Ball-aholic::2 seven footers both shooting over 55% from the field. Both guys get less than 15 shots per game each, yet Kobrick routinely attempts close to 40 shots a game (when you include fouls which don't count as a shop attempt, although they are indeed shot attempts).   A team shoots about 80 shots per game on average. One guy is taking half of the shot attempts.  If you don't think that that selfish, me first approach isn't destroying this team, you're crazyl.
raiderthugg1488::Yeah the game footage proves otherwise....but like I said, you have to watch the games....and also you have to be unbiased. It's quite evident you have resentment over bryant, name-calling like "Kobrick" illustrates that. I'm glad you liked my book.... :)
inglehacker::Wow - name-calling proves resentment?  Then I guess every single fan in LA must be threatened by Lebron.  I have heard 10 times as much name-calling directed towards Lebron's name as I have towards Kobe's.
Dus2Dus::Very very true but people only choose to say negative things about kobe, because they think its the only way to rattle him or his fans. This is the only logical excuse, cuz if they actually watched these games wit no bias they would see exactly what you and i are seeing
Ball-aholic::That's a whole lot of nothing. Kobrick destroys the offense by looking to shoot eveyrtime he touches it. That's a great book you wrote though!
ekajcela::http://games.espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=73zqexg
perrypete::kobe just keeps shooting his team out of games!  just goes to show how overrated his basketball IQ is!  reminds me of the three times his team was favored to win the championship and shot them out of the postseason!
MBTHEONE::It's amazing the criticism Kobe gets, @ Perrypete, you just proved that you don't like Kobe and very very jealous. Prolly one of those guys that couldn't hack it and is now looking at Kobe and is very jealous!!
Dus2Dus::Your retort just shows that you might not even have a 8th grade education level. Trust me, i will leave you alone i might blow your mind right in front of your face.
perrypete::yeah because your posts are so educated!  thanks for proving my point idiot!
Dus2Dus::You couldnt argue that in front of any pro athlete or coach in the nba. Basically in a nutshell, youre dumb as hell!
perrypete::shows your educations!  you obviously never played basketball at any level!  what did i say that wasnt a fact?  you are either very bias or very uneducated!  my guess i both!
BIGWHATBIGCHAIR::like how every one is talking about the lakers when the pacers are actually a good team. pacers bulls on wed is going to be good
lvlr_l3anks::I haven't read any comments saying the Pacers were bad. They're quite good actually.
lvlr_l3anks::Is anyone else sick of hearing the "Andrew Bynum is the best center in the game today" crap? The only measure I have for this is the big names want to see Howard in a Laker's jersey so they're artificially elevating Bynum, can't figure this out. The guy had 3 great games coming back, each of them a decline of the previous and since then he's been average. He'd not even on Howard's radar.
lvlr_l3anks::If you watch Laker games you'll notice he doesn't get a lot of calls already. Last night he was fouled at least 5-6 other times on what should have been easy calls.   I believe Shaq's elevating Bynum because he hates Howard, but even Barkley and others are on the Bynum bandwagon. It doesn't make sense. Bynum is great when he's not lazy or out of gas from not being in top condition.
ZachC1965::He really doesn't have much to offer, and will have even less for another team...won't get all the calls he gets with LA...
ZachC1965::Just heard a Lakers fan actually complaining about the refs!!  Hysterical...it's like Trump bi.tching about not having enough money...
lvlr_l3anks::Everyone complains about the refs in losses. If the refs blew the whistle every time there was a foul the games would take 4 hours to play.
lvlr_l3anks::Ever since the Lakers got their turnovers down they've lost, maybe they need to start turning the ball over 20+ times a game again?  Just kidding obviously.
ustna::Hibbert&gt;&gt;&gt;Brendan Haywood, oops I mean Andrew Bynum
StompOnFailtics::Kwame Brown&gt;&gt;&gt;Hibbert&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Bynum
Despicable One::Jim Buss should not have given Odom up to the Mavs just because Odom was unhappy. He could have packaged Bynum with Odom, after Stern (die) nixed the trade for Paul, in order to get Howard and the Magic would have made that deal in a heartbeat. Blake, Kobe, Gasol, Howard, Barnes. Not a flawless starting five bud not bad. You improve at the center position with scoring and rebounding.    I used to push for Gilbert Arenas at the veteran minimum but found out he's dating Matt Barnes' ex Govan. My bad. No wonder they haven't brought him in. *Sigh* We are weak at the PG and SG positions. Ugh.
lvlr_l3anks::Jim Buss will ruin the Lakers. Fact.
2kobeisgood4::If Arenas want to come go get him we need help it team first
RonTuna::wrong...THE SUCK NBA REFEREES who hate the Lakers HANDED THE PACERS THE WIN!! What else is new
lvlr_l3anks::Seems a reversal these days. I don't know about last night, but Miami and Orlando was tough to get calls for sure.
ZachC1965::Too funny! The refs and league have been handing LA wins (and titles) for decades!!
BlkMexMamba_RunnungOutOfNames::ever considered the fact that maybe when the lakers were winning titles... you favorite team jus sucked....
ustna::LOL!
Despicable One::Well, they are an extension of David Veto Stern.
tbIce33::" there's no I in team, but there is in win"- Michael Jordan. Kobe's not selfish.
Rambomonster9::Fact:  if the lakers get a decent point kobes stats will be aweful.  Without having the ball in his hands 100% of the plays his assist stats will be like 1 per game
2kobeisgood4::So it no about winning in your eyes it all about stat, are you a Lebrom fan by any chance
Dus2Dus::I love how people say Kobe isnt passing enough, do you people even watch the game, or do you just look at boxscores and stats. Kobe gets his teamates open looks all game its not his fault if they cant make wide open shots from all over the floor, he is always turned to when nobody is making shots or when the shot clock is all the way down they kick it to him because he takes that responsiblity as their leader. Trust me M.J. would be pissed if his team looked to him in that way. Kobe is far from a ball hog, more like a player that bails us out when we are strugglin offensively. Check youre hate scrubs, and stop hating on a player that has and still is having a better career than your favorite player.
Dus2Dus::i like pietrus too but he has some serious issues with his knees, I think alot of people didnt want to risk it cuz of that, but boston had to risk it, they needed help more than the lakeshow. But the price was cheap so i do see what youre saying. I really think the lakers are trying to get arron brooks back from his china team since he went overseas during the lockout. He would give us a great injection of speed, extemely good with the ball in his hands, or without it as he is a deadly spot up shooter.
2kobeisgood4::The only reason why Bynum Gasol and Odom were even praised so much is because the media never wanted to give Kobe all the credit. When Kobe had knee surgery and wasn't practising i watched a game against Utah and after kobe scored 8 straight points. i sat there and thought to myself he still has to carry this team, they were a rebound away from winning that game if Gasol wasn't so soft and went after the ball with one hand. I said it then that if a guy has knee surgery and has to carry his team still, how good are these so call bigs. We are seeing much of the same now he has a bad wrist and still has to do most of the heavy lifting
2kobeisgood4::I don't trust Mitch anymore who is kapono i was watching a Boston game last night ,That guy Pietrus make last than a million so many guys were floating around out there yet we get guys who can't help our team out
Dus2Dus::100 percent right my friend but the espn haters, and all the laker haters attempt to say otherwise. The truth of all that is pure jealousy, its sad that almost all the haters are puppets for their local media, cuz we all know places like utah, portland, denver cant stand the city of L.A. dominating them for the majority in all sports. The truth hurts. Lakers arent done while Kobe is on this team not by a longshot, but mitch has got to do something to help our team speed and 3pt shooting, when that happens i will love to hear what excuses there will be for why kobe is still the best all around baller in the league still!
rag63top::I love how everyone has blamed the new coach for the Lakers doing below average rather than the fact that Kobe can't get the d.amn ball out of his hands. Unless of course, it is when he is throwing up garbage shots.
69Lakers2012::because everybody else just not playing well, bynum and gasol just not shooting well and too soft!!!!!
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::This all started after Brown publicly came out and said he won't restrain Kobe from shooting.  Next thing you know it's 30 shots a night and they're .500.
2kobeisgood4::If you watch the Lakers played you would have realised that the team has no bench,no Pg and world Peace we need someone to shot before the clock expires
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::Kobe is using this year to solidify his status as the most selfish, unintelligent ball-hogger in NBA history.
Dus2Dus::Kobe had a 6-24 shooting game but out rebounded everybody with 16 boards against one of the best rebounding teams that yr, he also had 10 4th qtr points in the clutch he also had 8-9 assists 3-4 steals he was 1 or 2 assists from posting a monster triple double, and yes nobody shot the rock well in that defensive series, alot of great perimeter players struggled in games against the celtics the 2 years they were in the finals, Kobe statistically was better than anyone else in that game and in reality is one of if not te best overall perimeter ballers ever.
ZachC1965::Kobe has one legit title...  You can't count the coat-tail riding ones with Shaq, or the one the refs gave him out of pity when he went 6 for 24...  Even '09 was shaky...LA was about the 7th best team in the league that year without the refs...
2kobeisgood4::Kobe has five rings and nothing you idiots say will change that 5 guys make a team, and if his team had come to play all the games that series it would never had gone 7 games, No one on either team shot well that series so why bring up 6-24  from kobe why don't you bring up how during the Shaq day Kobe was the one getting us over the hump during the western confrence. While shag had to go uo against those not so good centres in the finals
bryan36492::I respect Lebron but if ur talking trash to a 5 time champion ur not gonna win.
2kobeisgood4::And when the chosen one chokes again he will be in the history books again
2kobeisgood4::i was hoping you would come up with something better than that, but i guess the only thing your good at is hating someone who has made a life for them self Jealous $@%!
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::Don't talk about your favorite player like that!
2kobeisgood4::Don't worry once a choker always and choker
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::He has a lot of choking left to do to catch up with Kobe in that department
Sons Keeper::Whenever Kobe GUNNNNZ over 22 times against good teams what happens? He doesn't care. It's all about the scoring title.
bryan36492::Its funny how people accuse kobe of taking to much shots and he has 5 titles something must be working.
phx090::i bet ur that person who doesn't watch the game at all. U just go straight to the laker stats sheet, and then talk S H I T, on the boards. Get a life
2kobeisgood4::I disagree
2kobeisgood4::One minute your talking about rape now your talking about riding jocks. i'm here to talk basketball
rag63top::You fail to "realize" that the amount of misspelled words and improper grammar are a evident proof that you are the one that needs to get a life, as well as an education.  It goes to show that you are only able to fight and argue about things that you have a bias opinion because you haven't the mental capability to justify an argument.  The joke about you being his next rape victim was just that, a joke.  I personally don't think he did that back in Colorado and I am 100% confident that you would let him have his way with you, therefore neither one of them would be considered rape.  Now go hang on people's balls a little more you jock rider.
2kobeisgood4::Your irrelevant because you fail to realise, that women had sex with him and then cried rape and your life is so meaningless that you have to come here so many years later to even bring that up and we are talking about basketball stop hating on a guy who is one of the best to play the game of basketball. Get a freaking life
rag63top::but with that comment i do "realize" the level intelligence of the person that is arguing that he was convicted of "no" rape.  Therefore every opinion you make from here on out has become is completely irrelevant.
2kobeisgood4::If you never realised it before the man wasn't convicted of no rape, you mom a liar first she lie about you dad and then the rape
rag63top::You are not allowed to comment and like your own post with a user name that shows how much you want to be the next rape victim of Kobe.
rag63top::Agreed
Chickism::Too bad.  But expected.  Lakers are transitioning from the Best NBA Coach ever to a solid defensive coach that got to the Finals once..    I do miss B.Shaw.  I would have been in favor of him being the Lakers Head Coach and keeping the same system in place, but Jim Buss needed to reshape the Lakers under his new Regime.  Hopefully, he can live up to that choice in the long run.    For this year, the Lakers will need a great trade and a miracle.  Otherwise, they will struggle to make the playoffs.   Their offensive scheme is pure junk right now.
bucktriple::Hibbert &gt; Beast
2kobeisgood4::Anyone is a beast if they play against Bynum and Pau
phx090::The reason why Kobe shoots so much is because Gasol, and Bynum are sucking A S S right now. Everytime Kobe passes the ball down to bynum or pau, they go up soft. Kobe is the only person on the lakers who can create his own shot. This makes it easier for the opposing defense to double team, because they know knowbody else can create a shot. Lebron is lucky, he has soooo many good role players on his team. Kobe has two bigs...... THATS IT!!  P.S: please haters, know what ur talking about before u type.
69Lakers2012::but we need everybody to shoot the ball better....because kobe needs a little break!!!
2kobeisgood4::he shot close to 50% on fadeaway s last night we can live with that
ZachC1965::Kobe CAN create his own shot, but the problem is it's often a 25-foot fadeaway...
ZachC1965::Any time Kobe Bryant is the best player on your team, you're in trouble...  34-48 ring a bell to anyone..?
2kobeisgood4::He did that for 5 rings so what trouble do you think the Lakers are in
DownloadFirefox::Just for kicks, I came up with a trade scenario that might help the Lakers in the short term if they can't get Orlando to agree to a deal for Howard:  http://games.espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=7vlwokd  Not sure if it would be the Lakers or the Suns that would say no, just throwing it out there...
rag63top::Worst trade ever, and it would be the Suns that would kill it.
TheReaper812::They should just take a step back this year and probably next yr also, and start planning for down the road like what Dallas is doing (They will have a ton of cap space this offseason). Trade both bigs now for Dwight or package one and several others for Deron, and start putting some young athletic complementary pieces around them, and in say, 3yrs, Lakers can be a top title contender again. The Lakers have gone as far as they could with this current core group.
DownloadFirefox::How many people actually still believe the Lakers are an elite team?  I think they could get back to that level with one lopsided trade in their favor, but Pau Gasol is clearly in decline now and the bench is weak to put it nicely.  I think they are capable of playing better than they have so far, but for this group as they are constructed, a 4/5 seed and possibly going to the second round seems like their ceiling this year.
FTLakerFan::when Bynum first came back he had about 4 really great games, then he did his Odom act and went away, he appears disinterested most of the time, no fire, no desire, Pau is the same way, you cannot teach desire, either you have it or you don't and these guys dont.  That doesn't mean they can't play better than they are,if they had a great point guard who could get them the ball they would be a lot better, but without a point who can distribute the ball, the Lakers are destined to play "throw it to Kobe and get out of his way" which will probably get them a 6 seed and maybe a win in round 1 of the playoffs  but thats it.  and all this is not even discussing the lack of scoring off the bench, the deadwood called Artest and Walton, all in all, I think this is going to be a long year for the Lakers.
seattlemarinersnumber1::Law of diminishing returns on old stock applies here. Who's going to be the next Messiah when Kobe's gone? He's got about 2 years left, 3 max, on his high-mileage body. Pau is going to be traded at least by year's end. If Bynum stays healthy, he's in for the long haul.  Pivotal year for the Lakers. They'll be forced to blow up this team, or forever be chasing the likes of OKC.
DownloadFirefox::I'm not sure Gasol has a lot of trade value judging by his play this year and in last year's playoffs.  Any team that offers anything of value for him with his contract seems like a sucker
boom.shaka::I'll cut Jim Buss a little slack for now.    Bynum was his first "discovery" and while he may not pan out as hoped, he's definitely no Kwame Brown.  I'm reserving judgement until the end of next season -- by then they will have had time and favorable contracts to move.  If they don't have either talent or assets by then, I'll start bytching.
idemandarecount::Mitch Trades for Paul Pierce.
DownloadFirefox::They really need a point guard and some bench players
TheReaper812::If they're trading for a Celtic, can't they get Rondo instead hahaha. That solves our issue at PG.
idemandarecount::It's just a possibility. But, they need to make a move one way or another
boom.shaka::Never been a fan of "saving the season" because it usually means giving up the future and rarely works any way.  If they can't get value, I say ride it out.  Gasol will be easier to move next year with "only" $35m left and - worst case scenario - they exercise the team option of releasing Bynum next year and save $17m in cap space.
russellpalma::for sure
russellpalma::u r talking about joining two of the oldest and biggest ball hogs in the NBA
russellpalma::from la matters?
russellpalma::but y add players who r that close to finished?
idemandarecount::He gets to come home, and finish out his career
idemandarecount::He is From LA. They need another playmaker. Especially from the perimeter
russellpalma::another geezer will help?
2kobeisgood4::who does he give up
boom.shaka::They can have Bill's Son.
idemandarecount::I haven't figured that little detail out yet?
boom.shaka::For the record:  "If we can figure out a way to improve this team then we will do it.  And there's no guarantee that anybody would be here with the exception of Kobe because he has a no-trade clause. <i>He doesn't go anywhere unless he wants to go</i>."  Mitch Kupchak 12/12/11  (emphasis added by me of course)
TheReaper812::Good. But I fear even if Mitch wants to pull the trigger on something, Jim Buss might step in and kill it out of his love for Bynum or for whatever reason.
ACandOJ::Jim Buss is determined to show the world that he is not a spoiled lil rich kid that knows nothing about basketball.  Problem is his team may be nothing when he is finished
basketball good NBA bad::Seems like Mitch took a look at the shortened season and said "Ahh, fucck it!!  It ain't worth the trouble".
boom.shaka::Or maybe teams just aren't lining up to give LA talent for it's bad contracts?
2kobeisgood4::He has earned that privilege
2kobeisgood4::The Celtics GM is planning on blowing up the team, so what is Mitch planning to do, it seems like he has no clue
idemandarecount::Houston/ I mean LA we have a problem?
jboogie2161990::Dwightt, why do you still insist on moving to inferior teams???
fortwintee1::where should he go?....Miami?....foh
russellpalma::great for Miami
jboogie2161990::Lakers, NJ, Dallas, give me a break!!
russellpalma::like the lamers?
