William M Robinson::The refs saved kyrie from being humiliated on sport center korver beated that sh$t all ball we all know what really happened
Andrew Lipham::teague!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Andrew Lipham::hawks win eat it eat it eat it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
James Aaron Sharp::Kyrie does not deserve to start in this year's All-Star game. His team ins't in the playoff picture and being a one dimensional player, that being scoring, he's barely shooting 40% from the field. Fans need to learn the game, just pay a little bit of attention...
Bob Doberdruk::The all-star game is about the best players, not team performance. With the east being so weak this year every east team is in the playoff picture, especially the Cavs who are only a few games back. Which east guard should start?
James Aaron Sharp::Bob Doberdruk well let me make this more clear for you then, John Wall is better than Kyrie Irving. He's passing, defending, rebounding, hell even scoring better. He's the better leader and makes his teammates better. The best point guard in the East should start and that's John Wall.
James Aaron Sharp::Basketball is a team sport where one player can have a landmark effect on a game. Wall does so it a variety of ways, not just the crossover/score that Kyrie's always looking for.
Josh Harris::Atlanta will win 150-3.
George Chip Thayer::Without Waiters, this team is a mess.
Hoang Duy Nguyen::I really hope waiters plays tonight, we need him  out there for his offense off the bench as well as his toughness.
George Chip Thayer::Hoang Duy Nguyen he's a little bull for sure.   I really hope that wrist doesn't become a chronic thing for him as he's loaded with talent.   But like you said, "his toughness" is missed.
Andrew Lipham::hawks are #1
Tazmon L'vis Sims::1/4 of the way through a season with Mike Brown as the Coach...Kyrie overrated now...#1 pick Anthony Bennet no where to be seen...Serg, still no idea what he can do..tons of minutes for Alonzo Gee and C.J. Miles...so wasted Superstar...no growth of the young players....shoddy late game decision making....inconsistent offensive flow.....the more things change.... the more they stay the same
Deric Wormley::Kyrie has a bad case of the Clevelands! He needs to get out of there quick!
Cory Nope::How many point guards have to outplay Kyrie Irving- before E!SPN will admit that theyve overrated his value? Teague made him look stupid.
Deric Wormley::Kyrie has a bad case of the Clevelands! He needs to get out of there quick!
Reeves Cox::LET'S GO HAAAAAWKS! Great game. It was intense. I was on the edge of my seat the whole time!
Christian Shirley::this game is awfully shady
Aroha Turner::It's all staged. Off season they're rehearsing this. Lol
Christian Shirley::watch the game , you blind moron.
Aroha Turner::How can I 'watch' the game if I'm a 'blind' moron?
Paul Lewis::How can it be that we don't have an actual set play to use when we have a jump ball at the crucial time of the game. We should have easily got the ball when our 6'11" center who is one of the quickest players off his feet in the league was jumping against a guy three inches shorter? Andy just blindly tapped the ball out of bounds past one of Atlanta's players. He also should have been lined up and facing the fat referee who tossed the ball up. Lost the ball and game over.
John Osaki Jr.::The Hawks are having a better year than most people expected! Fans of Legend Dominique Wilkins, turn-back-the-clock and check out the new edition 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Reeves Cox::Let's go HAWKS! Beat the Cavs! Should be a fun game. Other than the last match up where Kyrie was held scoreless, Jeff Teague and Kyrie Irving have really been going at it against one another, should be fun to watch. Though, I won't complain if Kyrie is held scoreless again. XD
Mang Artemio::hawks can't win the ats -2.5 on the road with a team below .500 record...they have so many games this season that they tend to relax for the first 3 qrtrs... smh they wont make out of the 1st round of the playoffs
Reeves Cox::Wrong.
Mang Artemio::Reeves Cox well hawks didn't cover the line on this one cle+2.5....
Reeves Cox::Mang Artemio Oh I know. I meant the getting out of the first round part. :D Sorry, I should have specified!
Hoang Duy Nguyen::how bout that air ball by mack then he touch it first and wasn't call for a travel, then later that possession antic hits a three. That is three points that the hawks shouldn't have.
Brandon Tigues::lol it's easy to focus on the no calls when your team loses, despite that no call the game was tied towards the end of the 2nd OT and the cavs had the ball, then kyrie turned it over.
William M Robinson::How about that block korver put on kyrie then he hits 2 free throws you know you can't dunk if korver beated that sh$t all ball and right before that millsap beated Anderson. V sh$t to call for a foulI guess it runs both ways
Jorge L. Celis::The Mike Brown come back isn't looking to good. Aren't the Cavs supposed to be the PHX-Suns version of the East?
Brett Washburn::The Hawks are on fire offensively and the Cavs give up a lot of points. Cavs at home cover the 3 points in a close game but Hawks win 108-106
ShenMarc Asena::Cavs will pull a win here. They should bounce back after a home loss against Detroit. Though Atlanta is a good team.
Brandon Tigues::this game is insane but the video reviews are slowing it down..some of these reviews are pretty clear
Juan C Fer::This is sad, cavs played a great game but kept trying to give it back to the hawks.. Well they gave it to them alright!!
Christian Shirley::ive never seen any ref call so many step outta bounds , traveling and illegal pick calls in my life
Brandon Tigues::you rarely hear anything about earl clark anymore after that breakout season in LA
Ryan Hastings::Pathetic switch.  No need to switch there, but they do anyways.  Great defense, Kyrie.
Will Burton::John Wall might be the best point guard in the east....he's having an awesome year!!
