blakehills::mavs will get owned by the wolves
milw-jay::I guess Carlisle can keep his gig, now.  I guess.
CosmoKramer1444::Mahinmi has to get on the boards and he'll be the starting C.
RonTuna::So Cuban got fed up and paid the Raptors 10-thou each to lay down?????
0stinky0152::http://www.allfreechips.com/?ref=sapcunc
scimmyscum::http://www.allfreechips.com/?ref=sapcunc
scimmyscum::Lol maybe he'll get em next time...  http://www.allfreechips.com/?ref=sapcunc
scunn009::http://www.allfreechips.com/?ref=sapcunc
1966canuck::time for the NBA to leave TO
jack572901::Is Ian Mahinmi now the starting center
ax120::Not only has the guy lost a step in his play....he also has lost multiple steps due to his bad attitude. Mavs fans please just single out Odom while watching and watch him in late game huddles and time outs....watch him when team mates are trying to talk to him....he doesn't buy any of it...he's still stuck in the Hollywood mindset and cant buy that anybody is better than Kobe. He's got one of the worst attitudes i've seen on a player after getting traded to the defending champs.....and seeing that fat Kardashian now before games and during is a disgrace and not what the mavs want to be about.
Justin2704::Odom is done he showed it last year in playoffs he was terrible which was why lakers dumped him, and he is only gonna get worse for the mavs
Justin2704::lakers were smart to dump him and his reality show b.s. with his ugly man wife
Antsea91::Stop hating on Shrek.
Justin2704::he should play over Odom cause he looks horrible
ynot1825::I think when lamar gets it together you guess will be alright.
shaun9313::hopefully for da Mavs that wasnt a fluke game and was a outlook on the rest of his season
RonTuna::It WAS a fluke, just like them winning last year
David53875::it is the raptors frontline sucks
C92400::It's about time that the DEFENDING NBA CHAMPIONS won their 1st game.
RonTuna::YAWN......FLUKE
DigitalMania::Mavs are gonna have to get more white, same thing with Boston.
Nagdabbit::Yeah, i think both teams do better in their white uni's...
Zamjam34::I am thinking that Barbosa will be traded to a contending team like the Hawks, and they will make a run riding  on their bench play; also with the weak teams in the east.
jack572901::i wouldn't call the hawks a contending team
DaBostonStrangler10::Celtics and Mavericks both got off the snide against terrible teams, but it's a start.
C92400::but being good teams themselves,  they should have won one or two of those games, right???
k_nak::Mavs are going to have to start Terry.
ax120::They have started Carter in the opener and D. West since then.
shaun9313::True... who are they startin at SG?
mavericksfan4life256::odom looks depressed
RonTuna::His Kardashian wife fits right in with all the Dallas  Bubble-Butts with 20lbs of face makeup...LMAO
ax120::This guys a bum. Get over it. You got traded. Your with a better team now so recognize it and help out punk.
Justin2704::go suck Khloe's $@%!
Justin2704::hey odom suck khloe's dick
k_nak::He went from the emotional/locker room leader on a championship team to the "new guy" away from his home.  I think he was only out of LA for one season with the Heat since he's been in the NBA.
Johnson95135::He had his moments in LA too.  He is just one of those guys who wears his emotions on his sleeve and it negatively effects his game when he is down.  This is why most of the smarter LA fans were not that sad to see him go in terms of basketball.
bsteck777::hey id probably fuck daniela no signs of shemalism to the naked eye right
Silverygreen971::How do you do that?
mas93287::&lt;(F)&gt;uck
Silverygreen971::&lt;(M)&gt;
mavericksfan4life256::mfuck
bsteck777::you have to use an m fuckhead
What The Hell 9330::Do you mean F<b></b>uck?
mas93287::uck
flaxman0::Dallas is right where they want to be and that's setup for a lottery pick and cap space for big free agents next summer.
What The Hell 9330::They will be a lot better than lottery, try like top 4 seed in the west....
Silverygreen971::Once apon a time......Jason Terry played for the Atlanta Hawks.
bsteck777::odom is a cunt
lcchris::z
bsteck777::like this  FUCK
bsteck777::middle of the word
bsteck777::use a (m) with a &lt; and &gt; in the mniddle
Silverygreen971::how did you do that?
Silverygreen971::(&lt;$@%!&gt;)
winfield47::not that I watched the game, but I decided to see where toronto did  poorly. both teams got about the same amount of rebounds, to's, fastbreak points, and field goal percentage, the only real difference was free throws. dallas took 20 more free throws, and made 14 more than toronto. they won by 13 in a game the recap claims was closer than that. again, I didn't watch the game, but not too impressive by the mavs.
myroto::Watch the game next time. Toronto never had control of the tempo. Mavs dictated the flow of the entire game and were it not for Bargnani and some incredible shots (the guy is a great player) Toronto played like it was simply trying to make it respectable. You also might wanna check out the box score, last time I checked 17 to's compared to the Mavs 10 is no where near the same amount.
Silverygreen971::When can we release Odom?
I am Dirk Nowitzki::Well we need him this season since Cuban will not sign anyone and also if were going to repeat and I think he'll improve as the season goes on.
texasrami::Trade him to Orlando for HOWARD!!!!
I am Dirk Nowitzki::lol not going to happen   Summer 2012 Free Agency  is the TIME
I am Dirk Nowitzki::I think we bring back Terry next season if we manage to get Howard and Derron Williams in Dallas. Just imagine Dirk, Terry, Marion, Howard, and Williams in one team.
anthonyj77::You won't get both Howard and Williams. They don't have the money to sign both players to a max deal.
Silverygreen971::Having Terry not on the Mavs team doesnt seem right.
I am Dirk Nowitzki::completely agreed
texasrami::MAVS REPEAT!!!!!!
RonTuna::Repeat last place like the last 20 years
C92400::not gonna happen
bgamron::Brian Cardinal has more rings than Lebron
RonTuna::Laker fans laughing hysterically
ax120::In another year or two, Brian Cardinal will also have more hair than Lebron.
jack572901::adam morrison too
Silverygreen971::Scalabrine too.
Silverygreen971::I don't have the Mavs channel but I wish I could watch our first win of the season. GO MAVS
Marqui6852::Mavs fans will never forget 2011 we won our 1st championship.
vhicks::More than LeBron has
anthonyj77::One and only championship
bgamron::Vince Carter is going to shank Serge I-black-a on Jan 2
T8ke_A_Picture::I'm going, Thunder 5-0 tomorrow.
Silverygreen971::4-1
Jimmer Tebow.::Spurs got the best record in the West last year. Look where that got them. :)
Silverygreen971::The Mavs started 1-4 in 2007 and finished the season 67-15
jack572901::and lost in the first round of the playoffs
DallasSportsAreaFan::or better yet they started the season 0-4
Silverygreen971::The OKC Thunder are like the younger jealous brother of the Mavs.
AndrusROY82::We get it Ron you don't like the Mavs. Move along know buster
RonTuna::OKC WILL WIN THAT DIVISION AND BLOW THE MAVS INTO THE TEXAS DIRT
anthonyj77::OKC is also the better, younger and more hungry team then the old and tired Mavs.
C92400::and Memphis Grizzlies are the same to the OKC Thunder.
Marqui6852::well will just have to countdown the days til the mavs get their rings. i cant wait to see them!
RonTuna::YAWN
KingGeorge53::Congrats to the Mavs and their fans for getting their first victory.     Better luck next time Raptors.
bgamron::Dirk is the greatest player who ever lived
anthonyj77::Yeah, Dork Nowitzki the $@%! is better than Bill Russell, Michael Jordan, Magic and Kareem combined. You're delusional.
T8ke_A_Picture::you misspelled greatest, I'll correct it for you "dirtiest"
Snakes_::Dirk did OKC dirty last summer. Dirty as hell.
Jimmer Tebow.::Agreed, all those clutch game-winning shots were doing your Thunder dirty in the playoffs.
T8ke_A_Picture::Thunder &gt; Mavs Sooners &gt; Longhorns   Fun Facts.
T8ke_A_Picture::Oh sh.it, ring talk from the Mavs oh no oh no.
I am Dirk Nowitzki::Try winning just one before talking sh.it
bgamron::How many rings do the Thunder have?
I am Dirk Nowitzki::Durant hates the Sooners cause he's a LONGHORN!!!
Jimmer Tebow.::Texas &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Oklahoma, just face it.
Silverygreen971::I don't like the Thunder.
Silverygreen971::At all.
Rsp2008::Dirk and Barganani,defensive efforts are so similar...
Marqui6852::i wanna know wen r the mavs going to get their rings?
Jimmer Tebow.::Fifty years before anyone on the Thunder gets theirs
Snakes_::It hasn't been announced yet.   Cuban said he'll pick a "special day".... so who knows when that'll be
I am Dirk Nowitzki::I don't think the Thunder will be in OKC for a long period cause how many people live in Oklahoma lol
BlazersWar::Seattle &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; OKC
Marqui6852::okc is great city but i wud have kept them n seattle.
FanOfTexas21::Why the hell did they move them to Oklahoma City??
I am Dirk Nowitzki::yea made no sense
Silverygreen971::LOL OKC out of all cities
Silverygreen971::The Thunder will never win it all with Russell Westbrook on their team.
TexasSportsFan65::Alright fellas I am out...GO Mavs, GO Stars and GO Cowboys!!
Cowboys_Fan_I982::later bud
bgamron::Do they have their rings yet?
Marqui6852::smh why ppl still hating on my mavs?!!
FanOfTexas21::Because we won the Finals.
bluesince62::"We"  What position you play there Special Ed?
Jimmer Tebow.::One thing we can definitively say is that the team that lost the Finals got much more hate, though.
Marqui6852::i wish!lol
Jimmer Tebow.::Marquis Daniels!
bgamron::OKC has to have some of the fugliest fans in the entire NBA. Their home games look like a troll convention.
T8ke_A_Picture::Please, all the Westbrook haters flood our board. I wonder what it's going to be like when the Thunder and Heat play.
T8ke_A_Picture::How the Thunder are bandwagon fans and the team is till kind of new?
Jimmer Tebow.::Bandwagon Heat fans and bandwagon Thunder fans going at it?
Silverygreen971::Mavs fans &gt; Thunder fans
FanOfTexas21::Yeah, we're ALL bandwagoners.
T8ke_A_Picture::Thunder fans&gt; Post championship Mav fans
Jimmer Tebow.::All 27 Thunder fans
I am Dirk Nowitzki::lol
I am Dirk Nowitzki::Thunder fans used too be Maverick fans
bgamron::Remember when the Mavs beat the pathetic OKC thunder in 5 games?
FanOfTexas21::A little. I remember winning the Finals a little better though.
Silverygreen971::How can we not? lol
Rsp2008::DeRosan disapears again...
I am Dirk Nowitzki::Man now we just need the Cowboys to win on Sunday and Dallas will be partying!!
