Larry::People who did NOT see a lot of Evan Turner in college probably think this is some kind of fluke and that he is playing way over his head.   You;re wrong. Turner was so good at every aspect of basketball at Ohio State, but knew, because of his frame. it would take a few years to adopt to the NBA style of play. Now, he has.... and you see the results. Put Turner on say the Spurs- certain NBA champions. Probably can say the same for 6-8 other teams. 76ers need a little more, and not crazy about their bench, but ET is good... real good.
Tim::If your no.1 pick in the draft can't score a lick, or can't even get onto the floor, big troubles ahead.  Cavs look soft, unorganized, and not well-coached.   Not sure if Irving is that guy, and we looked weak against not exactly the juggernauts of the east, i.e. Milwaukee and Philly.   There is not a lot to like so far.  Willing to give them a chance to get organized, but then what did they do during the pre season?  Yikes!!!
Sara Tonyn::I suppose Jim Chones said what he always does all throughout the game: "Don't worry about the offense, the Cavs can score points, it's the defense that's important." Um. No, Jim, it's BOTH. The Cavs aren't scoring and their defense is mediocre even when it's at its best. Get rid of Clueless Mike Brown, get an intelligent, knowledgeable coach to take over (even if he's inexperienced) and stop pretending that the Cavs' offense isn't a big problem.
fiveredapples::This game is a toss-up, but I'll take the Sixers by 3.  It's 5 games into the season, can we hold off on the conclusions about whether this or that players is a bust or phenom?  You guys are ridiculous, especially those focusing on one bad game by MCW and ignoring his three good games.  Everything at this point is a miniscule sample size, so using 1 game to judge a draft pick is obscenely stupid.  It's also biased when you ignore four games and just make your assessment off one bad game.
Cyril::What a weird season so far.  Evan Turner is suddenly making shots at an incredible rate and looking like an All-Star. John Wall and Jeff Teague are far and away the top point guards in the East at this point. Philadelphia is at the top of the Atlantic Division and tied with Miami for 2nd in the East.  Charlotte and Orlando have more wins than the Nets, Bulls, Knicks, and Hawks.  And the Western Conference is pretty much the same.
No::Mike Brown has no idea what to do with all the talented players he was given.
Jethro & Granny::As a team unit, Philly is playing better than Cleveland at this early stage in the season.  Philly by 12 pts. is my prediction.   Let's see how good the crystal ball is working today.
James::Just think...cavs could have had Michael Carter-Williams...already has more points in this game than that beast Anthony Bennett has in the season so far...tonight 1 rebound, 1 turnover...what a beast, what a great selection at number 1!! What a waste of a pick...
VT64::Brown might get fired twice by the same team within 5 years.
Paul Jones::What in the world is wrong with Irving and the Cavs?
