KMike::Smith and Jennings are ahead of schedule. Between the two they've jacked up thirteen and made two, with two large free throw attempts. The Smith & Wesson of basketball; random shots everywhere.
Win or Lose with Honor::Just figured out the Pistons problems. Jennings can't shoot and is tooooo small to defend the ball. Josh Smith is just plain STUPID! He shoots bricks from three point land thinks he is a guard and is the worst kind of player there is. He thinks he is better than he is. People wonder why he is not an All Star; well wonder no longer. He is simply Basketball DUMB and a pretend team player as well as weak mentally. Nothing but a chucker who can defend a bit. Stuck with this dud for years now! yuch! And shame on the coach for playing him! He knows the problems; Cheeks is not stupid, just afraid to sit the jerks! If they trade Smith for Johnson in Toronto they get the same defensive player, but they also get a team player in Johnson and a smart player. What a bunch of #$%$ Dumars! Why did you ever trade Knight for Jennings and sign Smith as a free agent. Why did you let Afflalo go and trade Johnson for nothing. This team had NO chance if Drummond is on the bench. Billups is worthless and is also in the rotation? OM Gosh!
Edward K::Woodson keeps on leaving JR in the game, and if he doesn't soon recognize it is a mistake, it will cost him his job.  He is shooting 33% and is a liability on the court.  They need to start playing guys that have court sence, and have earned the court time.
Juan Alfonso::The funny thing about shumpert is that if he is off offensively one night he will deliver a good defensive game for  you and add about 5 assists and 5/6 rebounds. Smith will shoot 1-12 and have nothing else on the stat line other than 4-5 turnovers
Anton::Jennings is so overrated...
Cyril::48 games left. The Knicks would have to win 30 of them just to finish at .500, but the sad thing is they are still in the playoff hunt because they play in the worst division in the league. Boston is a game below .500 and leads the division right now.
whatwas::Stop playing Jr Smith so much this season, he has been horrible so far.
P::The Knicks have finally started to win a few. Maybe I was too quick to rush to judgment on them.
Truth Be Told::I hope I get to take a game winning shot tonight because I am so good at being clutch! I've made 1 out of 16 game winning shots  I have attempted since joining the Knicks. My career field goal percentage in the postseason is 41% and I have the worst playoff record of any player in the history of the NBA at 23-43. I'll never win an MVP, be on the all NBA 1st team, or any all defensive team. I'll never play a single game in the NBA finals. Usually I can't get out of the first round. If I do get out of the 1st round, I'm for sure getting bounced in the 2nd round. So far I have led my Knicks to a 11-22 record and we are sitting pretty in last place of the worst division in NBA history. It's all good as long as I get my points!  -Carmelo Anthony
