Good sport333::da bulls
Good sport333::whats kb's playoff career high in scoring? close to the 81 in march? kobe movement was for the jordan heads looking for the next mike instead of accepting greatness usually happens once in a while and hardly overlaps with such similarity  to have players coming out with styles so similiar  can be confusing for you to remember  the originator
Terry 1953::Lakers Blow, put them in a real division instead of this cupcake league
bizz...::where  is  the  real  division.......the  real  l.a.  team  hast  16  wins  in  a  row.......&amp;   NBA  best  record...and  GS  is  13=2  against  the  east  !
Good sport333::minneapolis? central?
Hmmrhed::If Nash is right the rest of the year Kobe will end up with the highest shooting percentage of his career.  It only makes me wonder what would have been if the guy played with a real pg the entire time.
Good sport333::inflated west conf numbers often lie
vman606::woman, please. you want a cupcake conference? look no further than the east, where you can always make the playoffs with a sub .500 record. MJ's bulls once made the playoffs with a mark of 30-52, for Christ's sake!
Good sport333::a 6th man, with his skill set he would be the perfect jamal crawford for 10 more years
13Datty40Zetty::yea Fisher sucks
theDH24::Kobe has over30,000 career pts , and 5 rings and is still leading the nba in scoring at 34! Learn to accept it haters!Have a nice evening and dont drink too much hateraide at the club
Good sport333::generous western conference defense,  what s his playoff high, is it even close to 81
Good sport333::best 500. team ever?
Michael566780::Steve Nash has achieved the most 50-40-90 seasons in NBA history with four. Second is Larry Bird with half as many.
StraightUpKnives::Miami is a very good team but do you think theyll even top 3 in the West? They are lucky to be in the East playing against 6 scrub teams such as Raptors Pistons Cavs Wizards Bobcats and Orlando. Atlanta being at the number 3 spot is already pathetic and most of the Heats losses were to West teams. Miami and Lebron is lucky. Even the West bottom feeders like the Kings and Hornets could become a good team in the East especially once Eric Gordon comes back. Not hating. Just a realist.
vman606::very true. east is weak. jordan's bulls once made the postseason with a 30-52 record! HAHAHAH!! that will NEVER happen in the west.
Mambaholic 33::Worked pretty good for them last yr...real lucky!
Mambaholic 33::Guess they were lucky getting to finials the season before, just to see Dal shoot 3's out of there minds  Hopefully they will have another "easiest" season
StraightUpKnives::Last year is last year man. That was one of the most easiest seasons and great timing for Miami to win a championship. There were so many injured and out of shape stars it was ridiculous. Just saying do you even see Miami a top 4 seed in the West if they were in the West this season? Even the Lakers are a scary team now with all their players back and they are sitting in 10th.
elibird54321::Very well put madnesslover. Also there is one little problem that LeBron will need to overcome.  How many 6'8" 270 lbs guys play at that level past 30?  Kobe is 6'6" and dropped from 220 lbs to 200 lbs and if you haven't noticed he's slowed down. He's am NBA Small Forward in Height that weighs more than most other players. So what is going to make LeBron different than any other player fighting father time?
Good sport333::guard
Good sport333::best power gaurd ever?
Michael566780::To answer the original question, steroids and human growth hormone.
Mambaholic 33::Another good point! All sports!!!
elibird54321::count the number of players in the NBA that are aged under 6'10" and over 6'7" still playing.  Paul Pierce and he's slowing down.
Mambaholic 33::Boy, Those were the days...Piston-Boston, remember yelling at the tv...the gm has changed
madnesslover::Yeah, I hated Malone and Stockton but was so psyched when he came to the Lakers...not so much for Payton.....then he gets injured and slowly fell apart....ugh! Oh well, can't win em all I guess, but to lose to those Pistons....and the way they lost....ugh!
Mambaholic 33::Memory's - remember being excited when Malone came to the Lakers and thought the same thing
madnesslover::Malone made it work, but he was a beast in the gym...unfortunately he chose the end of his last season to break down or the Lakers may have had another title....him playing on only one leg was huge during the Finals.
elibird54321::A lot. The Small Forward position is one of the most loaded in the NBA and new younger talent is constantly coming into the NBA at that position.
Mambaholic 33::How many stars r in the height range
Mambaholic 33::Catastrophic injury   --Hope not!
Mambaholic 33::He seems to be changing his gm every season...Time will tell
madnesslover::Hope not....and probably not....but it could just be natural wear and tear that gets him...it'll be interesting to see if he can change his game to compensate.....he's an amazing talent but the future in sports is never given....only taken.
Adam8066::Top 5 greatest ball hogs of all time 1. Kobe Bryant 2. Kobe Bryant 3. Kobe Bryant 4. Kobe Bryant 5. Kobe Bryant
elibird54321::Yep he is definitely up there, but behind MJ, A.I. &amp; LBJ
Good sport333::rose, pippen, rodman, duncan, hakeem
AGV345::LOL LBJ? not even close.
StraightUpKnives::??? Honestly iv seen you on here the whole day yesterday. Must suck to wake up and realize that the only place youll get attention is on the chat boards.
madnesslover::I don't think he's mad, just disappointed at the lack of insight or intelligence in your posts....adding nothing and only starved for attention/reaction.
StraightUpKnives::Lol naw how can i be mad when i have 300 thousand fans that gives me attention? Unlike you doing nothing with your life.
Adam8066::You're mad. Lol!
StraightUpKnives::Got pretty disappointed in Rambis and Worthy last night. Kobe stopper Tony Allen? Really? If youre a true Laker fan you would know that the only player that gave him a hard time was Bruce Bowen.
Good sport333::pippen ain't easy
StraightUpKnives::Even Pippen played great D on him when he was at Portland. prime Ray Allen and T Mac did also.
madnesslover::Fair enough for your opinion but I don't think you can say/infer that Worthy and Rambis aren't "true Laker" fans.
madnesslover::I see....I'm surprised they forgot about Bowen as well......though Bowen had a lot of help because of their great team D....but he was still very effective for quite a few years.
StraightUpKnives::I didnt mean it in that way but was disappointed they forgot about bowen or even doug christie haha
Michael566780::1. Nash 2. The Glove Payton 3. Magic Johnson  - Three greatest point gaurds.......in that order.
madnesslover::1. Magic 2. Stockton 3. Nash  though what happens in the next couple of years, Nash could overtake Stockton easily....you don't know how hard it is for me to put Stockton there....I loathed him and Malone....LOATHED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
StraightUpKnives::Stockton Jackson and Isiah were good also but Nash never did have talent around him other than Marion and Amare.
Mambaholic 33::I was going to mention Stockton, but he never won the Chip! We know how important that is???
Mambaholic 33::I would have to take Magic #1  --Than again if Nash pulls this off with Kobe i might be persuaded
C hurtcha::Phils Bulls &gt; Phils Lakers
Adam8066::No doubt
SteeleKen::watching Syracuse/WVU, I realize now why so many people want LESS bowl games ....these games are...yawn...TURRIBLE
SteeleKen::special shout to Mamba aka LBJ lover.... you keep saying LBJ greater than Kobe and will finish with more rings...but you fail to realize that in order to get 5 rings in 15 years (as Kobe did), LBJ must WIN the next FOUR out of SIX NBA FINALS....piece of cake right?
DeShondre1135::He made shaq better vice versa
DeShondre1135::Lebron will never surpass Kobe...81 points over 50 points four straight games...Kobe in his prime could do it all...some of the moves i seen Kobe do ..no other player will ever do...YouTube Kobe's top 10 dunks of all time..then that mite change your  mind..Kobe could average 10 asisst if he WANTED too he's a shooting guard not a pg..,and wasn't that Kobe that made that pass to Artest in the 2010 finals against the celtics in the closing minutes??
Mambaholic 33::Didn't say Kobe's srub or great individual player! but real greatness comes from making others around you better...Leaders!!!
Michael566780::Lebron in his prime is better than Kobe in his prime, simply because Lebron is physically so imposing.  Both great players though.  Also, I think Kobe is a better rapist.
madnesslover::By the way, who's collage do you want me to watch? You're not a troll for thinking Kobe's not great....just insane....but at least you seem to be trying to have a conversation and not just spouting off nonsense for attention/reaction.
madnesslover::I wasn't calling you the troll...I was calling the libelous Michael a troll for the pathetic, sad 'rapist' comment.
Mambaholic 33::Ya think Michael? ha   --Go watch collage Mad or just stay Mad
madnesslover::go away troll
Mambaholic 33::BTW in all your brilliance with James showing signs of "wearing down" even with his overall #'s off the chart...Why have they gotten better, not even i thought that would happen  --Better stick to college
Mambaholic 33::Never said anything about rings...That's the only thing you and other Kobe lovers keep bring up...Did Kobe play with more talent or better org. please? that's not up for discussion, How many Gm's did Kobe win with Brown???? That's why Horry &amp; Fish  have 5-6, it's a Team award. James is already passing him in several cat.
madnesslover::I'm far from a Kobe lover as I'm a Laker fan first and foremost...and maybe it's just you hyper-sensitive types who think that the people with no perspective calling Kobe the GOAT make up the majority but to imply Kobe is NOT great is ridiculous....for all his faults, he is and will be one of the greatest of all time when he's finished.....as will Lebron if he continues on this path.....but Kobe has 17 years and counting....if Lebron got injured and was never the same....he'd always only be a "What if?" with a few amazing years......stop comparing them now and let time figure it all out is all I'm saying.
Mambaholic 33::I don't have any! Happy for James to get one, Maybe he will get more, maybe not still doesn't change anything except fortunate to be able to watch real greatness...Like Nash who can make a real difference
SteeleKen::typical...backpedaling from all your trash talking about 'rings' and LBJ....he will never surpass Kobe and you know it....he's already showing signs of wearing down....be grateful you've got one to show for it and that's good....you could be a clipper fan.
jcmaggi::Who's going to challenge the Heat coming out of the east?
SteeleKen::won't matter this year....they could combine all into an EAST AS team and I don't really think they'll take 4 out of 7 from any of the top 4 West teams...Miami is a slightly more athletic version of Lakers....the rest of the league is becoming too athletic and too fast for us "old guys" to keep up...we have to be smarter with our shot selection and take care of the ball...and yes, I'm biased LOL
mike etheridge::Can u imagine if Shaq had MJ KOBE or  Duncan's work ethic The GOAT wouldnt be up for discussion
Michael566780::Hakeem the Dream schooled a young Shaq in the finals.
madnesslover::Shaq was one of the biggest wastes of talent in the history of the NBA and he was still damn good....what could've been....smh
Michael566780::Wilt is by far the greatest player to ever play basketball.  Not even close.
mike etheridge::one year they said all wilt does is score ........so the next year he AVERAGED 25 assists per game look it up lmao
SteeleKen::his rivalry with Russell was legendary...he dominated Russell (statistically) but could never get a supporting cast to get over the hump..
SteeleKen::imagine if Wilt had decent teams around him his career...then there'd be no disputing who the GOAT really is....
mike etheridge::wilt in his day  UNSTOPPABLE all that was missing was the rings your right
mike etheridge::TWISM indeed lol
mike etheridge::shaqs 1st rap album The World IS Mine =TWISM
jcmaggi::Ya, it would have been nuts.
jcmaggi::Pau is shooting 41% from 3pt range. Let him launch 'em lol
SteeleKen::so will we now hear nothing but "James shoots too much" because it's fact that when he scores more than 30...they aren't as successful as when he scores less than 30?  won't hold my breath to get any Miami fans apologizing for all the criticism thrown at Kobe for his over 30/under 30 success rate....pfft
elibird54321::That has been the biggest Lakers problems, turn overs, rebounding and defense. Turn overs and rebounding should be their easiest to overcome.
jcmaggi::Lakers are slowly starting to look good. As expected, Nash coming back has meant less turnovers and better efficiency offensively which has in turn reduced the number of times the Lakers transition D is exposed. Defensively, they're starting to look better, but still allowing too many offensive rebounds.   Pau looks like he's starting to feel comfortable in the offense and I can't imagine how that pick and roll with Nash is going to look in May.   This is all still from a very small sample size (and against mediocre competition), still, looks like they've righted the ship. Let's see if they can keep it that way.
mike etheridge::were used to the luxury tax mamba Buss aint trippin
Mambaholic 33::So that should almost cover players and coaches
jcmaggi::They just signed a $2 billion deal with Warner ($150 million a year). Buss is making the money, although with revenue sharing I don't think it's as much as people think. Still, that's why he's the best owner, he puts his money in to his product.
Mambaholic 33::We don't want leave anyone out...How much does brown and antonio combine for
Mambaholic 33::Good thing it didn't cost much, ha
jcmaggi::That's just how Dr. Buss rolls.
mike etheridge::hope the bench can keep leads so his minutes stay level
jcmaggi::I like MWP off the bench. He's giving that second unit a lot of punch (I think he's averaging like 15 ppg since he switched over to PF).
Mambaholic 33::It all comes down to, can Nash staying healthy
jcmaggi::That's the $100 million question.
Michael566780::Raja Bell clothesline and the rape police = only true Kobe stoppers.
mike etheridge::True Throwback
mike etheridge::chiat he plays thru stuff other players bow out with thats why i respect kobe to the fullest
elibird54321::We already covered that. He got back up and continued to bust their as.ses, so no that didn't really work either Rape allegations didn't stop him either, he would fly back in on helicopter and bust some as.ses! Their is no such thing as a Kobe stopper. Even playing and having to share the offense with Shaq as the first option couldn't stop him. .
elibird54321::Only thing that can stop KB24 is injury &amp; father time!
Michael566780::But in all seriousness, with Nash on the court, teams are going to have a tough time stopping Bryant for a whole series.  Also, with Nash carrying the play, Bryant will not expend as much energy over a whole series.
mike etheridge::raja lmao he shuda signed with us
Adam8066::15-15 Lakers fans talking $hit.LMAO!!
Adam8066::Detroit Basketball?
mike etheridge::whos talkin ish were just reppin ours u do the same on YOUR board
Defy Shady::Detroit basketball was really nice yesterday wasnt it?
Defy Shady::Im really liking Darius Morris hes developing very well going to be a great player in the future.
mike etheridge::Dragic is nice these young PG's like lowry irving calderon rondo even this vasquez kid are ballin
Michael566780::Yes, look was Nash did for Dragic.
jcmaggi::great might be a stretch, but I think you're right, he's developing nicely and should try to learn as much as he can while Nash is on the Lakers.
Defy Shady::Hopefully before Nash retires he can still mentor him.
elibird54321::Kind of like when I hear people talk about Tony Allen or Thabo Sefalosha shutting Kobe down.....
Michael566780::....hey, I work at a post office, I find that offensive!!  ; )
mike etheridge::ha thats right eli he was tappin that a$$ before raja went postal lol
elibird54321::LMAO that's a good one. He went "postal!"
Michael566780::Raja Bell clothesline  and the rape police = only true Kobe stoppers.
elibird54321::Nah, he got back up and continued to bust their as.ses, so no that didn't really work either.
elibird54321::Kobe vs. Allen 16 games head to head  Kobe 27.1 PPG 4.4 APG 5.6 RBs  T. Allen 8.3 PPG 1.5 APG 2.3 RBs  ************************************************  Kobe vs Sefolosha 16 games head to head.  Kobe 23.4 PPG 4.8 APG 5.1 RB's  Sefolosha 6.9 PPG 1.1 APG 3.7 RB's  ********************************************  It's been 17 years there is no such thing as a "Kobe Stopper", it is a mythical creature that does not exist. Only Kobe stops Kobe when he has an off night and that doesn't happen that often.
Mambaholic 33::What counts is wins &amp; losses, what counts is what you sacrifice getting those points. AI shooting his team out of more gms than just about anyone or Melo
elibird54321::You mean the 30 + PPG he averaged? Let's deal with what counts on the scoreboard.
Mambaholic 33::35% time shooting under 40%, and 30% during last year playoffs would say often enough - just going back to last season
mike etheridge::the self acclaimed kobe stopper ha kick rocks
Michael566780::You are comparing Allen and Sefalosha to Gary Payton? A hall of famer and one co the best players to ever play the game???
elibird54321::Nope, I did not compare them to GP at all. I'm comparing the Kobe Stopper talk. As first decreed by Ruben Patterson after playing against Kobe as a teammate in practice and found out in real games Kobe is a whole different kind of animal.
mike etheridge::or patterson lmfao
elibird54321::Payton shut Jordan down?  LOL 15 Regular Season Head to Head Matchups  Michael Jordan 30.5 PPG / 3.7 APG / 7.9 RBs / 2.2 Stl / .5 Blks  Gary Payton  15.7 PPG / 8.3 APG / 4.3 RBs / 1.7 stl / .3 Blks  6 Playoff Head to Head Matchups  Michael Jordan 27.3 PPG / 4.2 APG / 5.3 RBs / 1.7 Stl / .2 Blks  Gary Payton  18.0 PPG / 7.0 APG / 6.3 RBs / 1.5 stl / 0 Blks
mike etheridge::all good raining in Socal lovin the b ball talk rt now
Michael566780::Thank you mike, elibird needs some help with clarifications.
elibird54321::I don't need clarification. I comprehend very well, thank you. What he did was try to use GP "shutting down"(his words) in the playoffs to qualify, GP shutting down  CP3. Please try and keep up with what is really being said and the meaning for which it is really being said.
mike etheridge::for the purpose of cp3 vs the glove mj was a reference point to measure by
mike etheridge::figure of speech eli lol glove was tight MJ was tighter no doubt
Michael566780::"Shut down" - in the relative sense.  Of course 27 points for the series is not being "shut down."
Michael566780::Wow, the Glove dominated Jordan on the boards and on assists in the playoffs?!?
elibird54321::Yeah a whole rebound and a 7 APG for a PG over a SG ....lol  b.t.w. Jordan's teams were 10-5 regular season and 4 -2 in the playoffs
mike etheridge::he didnt guard jordan in the reg season &amp; checked him in the playoffs better than anyone else we all know jordans the man
elibird54321::Better than anyone else is a fine thing to say, but when the comment says "Shut Jordan down" well......
mike etheridge::i heard kemp has kids by 9 different baby mommas is that true?
Michael566780::Yes, I believe that is true. Maybe some more he doesnt konw about.
5891jonathan::"Kemp is not a Cornball Brotha!"  - Rob Parker
straighttalkin::That was "real talk" by Ray. He forgot he was on First Take instead of talking trash at the Barbar Shop.....LOL
mike etheridge::no he has all kinds of paternity suits out there
Mambaholic 33::As long non of them were from bathrooms...They can get ugly u-know, Lol
Mambaholic 33::Did he pay them?
Michael566780::Gary Payton &amp; Shawn Kemp &gt; Chris Paul &amp; Blake Griffen
mike etheridge::kemp himself was a bull in a china shop He wud swat the ish out of griffin
Michael566780::So now, once again:  Gary Payton &amp; Shawn Kemp &gt; Chris Paul &amp; Blake Griffen.
mike etheridge::droppin knowledge Glove was filthy nothing like what u saw when he got to the Lakers
Michael566780::Payton vs. Jordan Payton is also considered one of the best defensive opponents of Michael Jordan,[15] and the two players had a high-profile rivalry that culminated in the 1996 NBA Finals. Jordan and Payton are the only two guards to have won the NBA Defensive Player of the Year award since 1989, and despite their different positions (shooting guard and point guard respectively), they were well matched for other reasons. Both were prodigious "trash talkers"[16] (Larry Johnson once named Payton, Jordan and himself the best three trash talkers in the league),[17] had legendary competitiveness, and as the 1997 NBA Preview magazine stated, "Payton [was] quick, and strong as an ox", making him the kind of player who could frustrate Jordan defensively. Payton, at 6'4" and with a tough physique, was one of a handful of point guards with the size and body type to guard Jordan. Midway through the 1996 NBA Finals, Seattle coach George Karl made the decision to assign Payton to play defense as a shooting guard instead of his normal point guard assignment in order to defend Jordan. Though the Bulls won the series, Seattle's (and especially Payton's) defense held Jordan and the Bulls to their lowest offensive output in an NBA finals and "frustrated the best player in the game."[18] In his first three NBA Finals, Jordan averaged 36.3 points per game and had scored at least 30 points in 14 of his 17 games. However, in the 1996 Finals, Jordan averaged 27.3 points per game and scored more than 30 points in only 1 of the 6 games.[19] In a game 5 preview after Payton had held Jordan to a career NBA Finals low of 23, an NBA pregame show described the rivalry of two strong defensive players renowned for their competitiveness. "[In Game 4, Jordan had his] lowest output in a Finals game, much of it with Payton guarding him. Though afterwards, Jordan refused to give Payton credit, saying 'No one can stop me, I can only stop myself. I missed some easy shots.' The truth is, Jordan finds the NBA's Defensive Player of the Year [Payton] annoying. He views the [young Payton] as impudent, and he would love to have a big game at [Payton's] expense." (NBA on NBC Preview, Game 5)[20] The Sonics won that game by 21 points and Payton held Jordan to 26 points – Jordan's second-lowest-scoring Finals game in his career up to that point. In game 6, which the Bulls would win to capture the Championship, Payton played 47 minutes and Jordan missed 14 of his 19 shots, getting a career Finals low 22 points.[21] By the end of the series, Michael Jordan had been held under 30 points in 5 of the 6 games, including his three lowest-scoring Finals games up to that point (26 in Game 5, 23 in Game 4, 22 in Game 6). Bill Walton, commentating for NBC at the time, said Payton "outplayed" Jordan during the second half of the series, and that Seattle coach George Karl would "rue" the decision to "hide [Payton] from 'the king'" in the early games of the series.[22] During this series, Payton and his Sonics also held Jordan's Bulls to the lowest-scoring quarter in their NBA Finals history. Michael Jordan would never score fewer points in an NBA Finals game than his 22 points in game 6,[23] and would never be held under 30 points more than twice in a Finals series, which the Sonics did five times.
mike etheridge::lol see mamba i didnt know all that either d a m n
Mambaholic 33::Dam!!! is that all???? Lol
Michael566780::How quickly the children forget.   Payton He is the only guard to have won the NBA Defensive Player of the Year award since Michael Jordan in 1988. Also, he, Jordan, Kevin Garnett, and Kobe Bryant share the record for most career NBA All-Defensive First Team selections, with 9. He is currently third all-time in career steals. A strong all-around player, Payton also ranks fifth all-time among guards in defensive rebounds, 12th in offensive rebounds, and 10th in total rebounds for a guard. Among players considered point guards, Payton ranks 3rd in defensive rebounds, 5th in offensive rebounds, and 4th in total rebounds, behind Jason Kidd, Oscar Robertson and Magic Johnson.
mike etheridge::dont know if any of u saw him on jordan
Michael566780::Glove shut down jordan in the finals.  Look it up.
mike etheridge::my thoughts exactly 780
Mambaholic 33::Than i would have give-in, maybe he could
mike etheridge::i hear ya mamba but back in the day glove used to shut you down &amp; talk ish the whole time he was gangsta  straight off the streets of Oakland
mike etheridge::glove wud be all over cp3 back then he was nasty
straighttalkin::The Glove would treat CP3 like he did all small guards...Post them up and shut them down
elibird54321::CP3 is a different type of player. He is quick and crafty. You don't stop those type of players
Mambaholic 33::CP whole different guy to guard...ankle breaker
mike etheridge::id pay to see that 2 on 2 Lob city times 2
mike etheridge::my moneys on gp/kemp
Mambaholic 33::Mmmmmmm don't know about that one???
elibird54321::Let's spin the Wheel O' Stats! And the stats say no!
straighttalkin::Most Def!
5891jonathan::I don't have a team anymore. Yeah, former Sonics fan. Bit I generally pull for west teams. Good to see Lakers sorting it out a bit better.
Michael566780::So much money in Seattle, Paul Allen build a huge expensive stadium just for 8 NFL home games......Mariners have their own huge expensive stadium.........and yet they couldnt get a new basketball stadium........Bill Gates should have stepped in.
mike etheridge::as a raider fan i wudnt care if they moved to alaska im all in
5891jonathan::Least they aren't the Jets.
mike etheridge::Seatlle got jobbed they deserved better
Michael566780::5891 - ahhhh man, I was a HUGE sonics fan also.........sad what happened. I didnt follow the team when they moved to OKC.   Gary payton, shawn kemp, &gt; paul and griffen
5891jonathan::Yah. DJ.
mike etheridge::u didnt follow them to okc?
5891jonathan::I like OKC players, but pull for the team?  Never!
Darbstar1::no OKC?
Huskies___Ball::lol. why should he like okc? they stole his team
5891jonathan::NO WAY!  You kidding?
Mambaholic 33::Some little guy bye the name Nash has really put a spark in them
straighttalkin::excuse my bad typing...LOl
straighttalkin::That's a stretch. Darius Moore is a true 6-4 and Smash is way smaller stating next to him.
Mambaholic 33::Never thought at 6-4 i was a little guy..Ha
straighttalkin::Seems to be a little guys league these days. And he's damn good at being a little guy.
prince_basketball::Whats up haters, where u goin to troll today?
Michael566780::I had a drink with Nash a few years ago, great guy.  Humble and mild mannered. True great Canadian.
Michael566780::Yeah, it was a reall thrill. I see lots of celeberties and sports stars in Vancouver, the only two that I have ever really been excited to see were Nash and Gretzky......and his daughter.
Michael566780::Oh, and he is listed at 6-3.........there is NO $@% WAY he is close to that.  6' at the most.
Michael566780::elbird - HAHAHAH It was in a bar in Vancouver.
elibird54321::I know, but I did this one for, how did you put it, "Entertainment purposes"....gotcha!....lol ;) No that really sounds like you had good time being able to meet the guy.
elibird54321::Nash in his mind: "Who is this guy? and why did he just sit down at my table? Where's security? I better not make any sudden moves. Maybe if I just smile politely he'll just go away? Where in the hell is security? I'm going to fire their a.sses! Why does he have that strange smile on his face. Buying me a drink and trying to chat me up. I don't swing that way. Where in the F is security? Grrrr just gotta keep smiling. One false move and I'm gonna crack the buster upside the head with this bottle! Ohhhh, why won't he just go away!"
Mambaholic 33::If only that fortunate
Michael566780::HAHAHA- No, saw him at a bar, went over, bought him a drink and chatted...
Mambaholic 33::Pretty awesome!!!!  not surprised he's great guy...lov his gm
Mambaholic 33::You didn't catch him in the bathroom by chance?   --My bad wrong guy Lol
Darbstar1::I'm not so sure LA Lakers are Championship quality team but wouldn't it be a treat to see them play LAC 1st round?
Darbstar1::I think the Lakers can end up a 6 seed
straighttalkin::then they will get SA or Memphis. I think Clipps and OKC will end up 1 or 2
straighttalkin::2-7 or 3-6  My guess is Lakers will see GS in round 1
mike etheridge::time will tell correct
Darbstar1::we'll see- I do hope they meet LAC in playoffs though
Michael566780::Lakers not Championship quality team.....YET.   But look at the progress last few games.  I would guess this to be a championship quality team come playoffs.
elibird54321::<b>Hey Heat Fans........Deee--troit  Basketball! ;)</b>
kobepac24::Heat 2011 NBA Champs * (In a short season so it does count like a full season championship does.) Did they put an * on the banner too?
Michael566780::The following people have won the lottery.   Robert Sacre  Steve Blake  Jodie Meeks  Jordan Hill  Devin Ebanks  Darius Morris  Chris Duhon  Darius Johnson-Odom  Earl Clark
Michael566780::I know Robert Sacre's high school coach, and was talkign to him at the beginning of the year, and he told me Sacre is feeling so blessed to be on this team and feels like he is living a dream.
Michael566780::True, all professional athletes are very lucky.  But these scrubs playing in LA, for the lakers, with Nash, Bryant, Howard, Gasol, and Artest..are luckier than others.
elibird54321::The following people have won the lottery. All 490+ NBA players You got any real news for us regular folk?
mike etheridge::on the real they are ALL blessed to make that $ for a game
mike etheridge::another so so cast that mite get a ring lol
Hmmrhed::Did you guys hear that one of the conditions for Nash coming is the lakers not trading Gasol?
Michael566780::While Nash could certainly express his opinions and desires, he would not be able to dictate which players must stay on the team.
straighttalkin::Exactly
New Jet Fan 44::I had read that after his signing.....although it wasn't worded as a condition just a hope that Pau would be there.
mike etheridge::he did say that but it wasnt a stipulation just a statement
Mambaholic 33::Looks like its becoming Nash's team quicker than we thought
Hmmrhed::It was news yesterday or the day before.
Darbstar1::didn't hear that. not sure they could make a promise like that
mike etheridge::Dantoni is going away from his philosophy &amp; working with what he has.. Love what Pau is bringing to the table since his return, Nash/D12 p&amp;r will be unstoppable by seasons end &amp; kobe? u already know
mike etheridge::josh smith is a beast but i dont know that he has that winning DNA after all those yrs in ATL
Darbstar1::If they could get Josh Smith and Devin Harris from ATL that'd be the only trade I make
Hmmrhed::I'm very impressed with Gasol doing whatever it takes including picking up the 3 to fit in the system better. Don't want to hear trade talk again.
Darbstar1::Oh yeah, and where's all the trollers that said a 39 yr. old point guard wouldn't help the Lakers compete? they're ridin' hi n u t z now saying Kobe needs him to win. Sad pathetic lives I tell ya
Mambaholic 33::Leader lead!!!!   gunners shoot!
elibird54321::Yeah, where are they? Lakers Nation was and is thrilled to have Nash.
Michael566780::"hmmmm, maybe this slow white short guy from Canada is as good as they said, maybe he can improve a team like they said.......I better just be quiet now"  - the haters.
Mambaholic 33::How far have we fallen:  --Kobe supporters trying to justify rape now...Not even Nash can fix that, we know he would have passed!
kobepac24::I knew you last year? Because i actually said the Heat best chance at a title was in a short season. Oh wait dont forget the * next to it.
Mambaholic 33::Wait! i didn't see you in finials last two season?
kobepac24::@mamba as in NO second title.
Mambaholic 33::You said that last year?
elibird54321::Where does this fool come up with this rape conviction?
Beanslams46::Are you lebron fan boys still reeling from that detroit win last night?
Beanslams46::Need more kleenex also for wade getting suspended for kicking Sessions in the nutz?
Mambaholic 33::Ya,  we dropped to 20-7...bummer!  --also know what No means!
kobepac24::Justifiy Rape? I dont remember a rape conviction. There nothing to justifiy. Try to keep up with the true facts Mamba. Oh wait you dont use facts in your post. Carry on.
Michael566780::Its fun to watch Lakers games again = Nash.
Michael566780::Hope so Bean!!
Beanslams46::Lakers love Nash, and Kobe is going to make him a Champion, too.
Darbstar1::Well now the Lakers are winning when Kobe does or doesn't score 30 so haters...?
Hmmrhed::There's too much focus on what a coach can teach on defense. The reason big boy coaches focus on offense is because defense is effort - not much strategy. Don't forget that Phil did not have the lakers practicing defense either.
Hmmrhed::The lakers assumed a healthy D12 by playoffs in hiring D'Antoni. Those phx teams had amare guarding the paint and got within earshot of the finals. If D12 is his old self - look out.
elibird54321::Yes he did and D'Antoni does too, but not as much as he needs to. You drill rotations, how to position yourself on defense. Players will start to move on instinct when the ball moves and teammate moves they move to fill in the space. You start to play defense on a string. When you help, there is someone helping the helper. See Darbstar anyone cannot coach.
Michael566780::With Howard, Artest, Kobe and another 7 footer Gasol, the Lakers really should not have a problem playing Defence.
Darbstar1::correct energy and communication. now we can talk basketball not rape allegations
Darbstar1::anyone on this board coulda been coaching this team if Nash and Gasol had been healthy all year they are at least 5 games above .500
Darbstar1::correct
elibird54321::Yeah, right like what NBA player is going to listen to what you or should I say we have to say.....lmao
theDH24::Spoelstra is a regular clown that didnt play either
elibird54321::Michael566780 - elibird54321 has been raped by Kobe. **************** Maybe so, I never got paid. So it would be rape. I don't recall it though. Unlike Katlyn Faber she got paid a few dollars....oh wait that's what Who.res do.....they get paid
theDH24::I like that antoni is using morris to hound the opposing pg's. Morris is taking that burden off nash and is showing he's a very good ball defender. Maybe Antoni is starting to get the concept of defense?
mike etheridge::yes morris is bringing intensity to start the game i like it
elibird54321::He is going to be a good solid PG. He has size, quickness, and is now learning from one of the best PG's to ever play the game
Darbstar1::I think the Morris kid has promise. Liked his highlights even coming out of Michigan
5891jonathan::Would the Lakers be turning it around under Brown as well now that Nash is playing?
New Jet Fan 44::Not a chance...Brown's Princeton offense stunk, and the players had tuned him out
Michael566780::I dont as well.  I have been a huge Nash fan since his college days and have watched him closely since.  Brown's offensive system was very uncomfortable for Nash, and he seemed lost off  the ball.  Maybe that had to do with being new to the team, and would have happened with any coach.  But I think D'Antoni lets nash control the ball and play much more, and that suits Nash's game better.
Darbstar1::anyone on this board coulda been coaching this team if Nash and Gasol had been healthy all year they are at least 5 games above .500
5891jonathan::I like either of the Gasols more than Howard. Having Pau healthy is huge.
Hmmrhed::Gentry ran the same offense - I believe.
Hmmrhed::I really don't think so. Nash seems to fit seamlessly because he's played d'antonis system before.
5891jonathan::Ah. Good point.
Darbstar1::he played the same way under Gentry
Darbstar1::probably. probably Phil too. Phil isn't any better defensive coach than D'Antoni
elibird54321::Mambaholic 33 - Lol..That's why they were 14-15 and 0-8 pre-season ************************ No Mamba hater it's more like they were still missing 2-3 players, 1 player still coming off back surgery and not 100%, on their 3rd coach and learning their second system of the season.
Mambaholic 33::You said that already! all system look the same, Kobe shooting...Till Nash came back
kobepac24::Haters have no use for facts it takes away from the point their trying to make.
kobepac24::With the Clippers bench having to save the starters and keep them in games. Does this hurt CP3 MVP chances.
kobepac24::Well i hear Clipper fan calling for him to get the MVP. But they are just Clipper fans. They haven't been in this position before.
mike etheridge::thats why i thot u were BSing me either
kobepac24::I haven't heard anyone call for CP3 as a MVP this season (experts)
mike etheridge::mvp is between durant &amp; lebron espn &amp; the reporters will make sure of that kobe wont get the love due to too much talent around him
Michael566780::Lebron, Anthony, CP3 - the current leading MVP contenders.....maybe Durant over Anthony as knicks look like they are fading.
Hmmrhed::If MVP is what it means then Nash would take it right now. But it's turned into the best player award - so cp3 or Lebron.
5891jonathan::Most Valuable Player for the team?  Every team has one. Except maybe the Wizards and NO and the Bobcats.
Beanslams46::last night matt barnes, with 2 sconds left got away with the foul at the arc. Clippers won by 2. Relying on bad calls like that for the win hurts the clippers future chances.
kobepac24::Ok but how can you give him the MVP when his bench is having to bail the starting unit out?
mike etheridge::he was being sarcastic lol
kobepac24::No i wasn't.
5891jonathan::Oh.
5891jonathan::No.
5891jonathan::Nash.
Michael566780::Amazing what the slow white short guy from Canada can do.
kobepac24::Nasty Nash
Beanslams46::He's exactly what the Lakers ordered!
Michael566780::Lakers have a lot of scubs on the bench.  Very top heavy team.......but man, the top is impressive.
mike etheridge::actually quite improved over last yrs but hey were capped
Hmmrhed::The top is all they need in the playoffs, but the key is getting the top enough rest during the season. Thats why the lakers won't make any serious push for top 5 seeds.
kobepac24::As much as i cant stand the Clips. Gotta give em their props. They have a great bench that keeps them in every game. If not for their bench they would not have the win streak they have.
mike etheridge::oh ya an injury sinks the clip ship
kobepac24::They better hope crawford stays healthy.
mike etheridge::agreed they lose nothing when bledsoe comes in &amp; crawford is on fire
Hmmrhed::Lakers -- Clippers in the 7-2 matchup. Clippers can pull experience from their win streak to help them look forward to next year.
kobepac24::LOL!
Beanslams46::I think the Lakers could end up higher than the 2nd spot, but yes the clippers most likely could end up in the 7th. But if the playoffs were today, the Lakers in 4 over the clips.
5891jonathan::You must have a pretty good stash right now. Wish you'd invite me over.
