DoubleCheeseWinkle123::Go Rockets!!! ¯\(°_o)/¯
H-TownTEX5040::Its mindboggling that Rudy Gay didn't make the All Stars that is NUTS
Seven13Hou::thats whats up Rockets !!!....thought they were gonna let Marc Gasol beat them up inside but Rockets said not in the H homie .....
Blazelover13::Yeah, Rockets, that's what I'm talking about! I would LOVE to see a Houston vs. Oklahoma City first-round match-up. Say what you want about how the Thunder would dominate, but the Rockets are NOT pushovers. When they come to play, they can beat anyone. Yes, they can also LOSE to anyone...as they've lost to Minnesota three times this season. But, IF the Rockets get in, it'll probably be as an eight seed, or possibly higher. Who WOULDN'T like to see them face the Thunder? Would be great! Either way, go Rockets!
natskivna::OKC is the one team I DON'T want to face in the first round.  Give me the Spurs or Clippers.
Griss13ears::I definitely agree that if the Rockets get in to the playoffs it will be at an 8 seed or higher.
ryroll::they have lost to Minnesota twice, but I agree with everything else
ThirdCoastTexan::3 times...*sigh*
csotelo1::Go Rockets!!
alec-johnson::3 field goals in the fourth....atrocious.
Imtalking2Texas::who was holding D-Will tonight was it LIn
nu life::In 7th after this loss.  Just about where we should be, or just about we could expect without z-bo.  They have done pretty good with all the home games they have had.  So,just about where they should be. Go Grizz Go.
Dominic10002::Good game Grizz, maybe next time.
natskivna::Damn the West is a dog fight this year!  Go Clutch City!
rj10328::if lakers loose tonight that will bump us up to no. 5..if they loose
Blazelover13::Doesn't look like that's gonna happen...
utclindsay::Ok..give the whole Jeremy Lin thing a BREEAAAKKK already. Its fine to make a big deal over the first few games,but seriously, its getting old
screwhead2305::it will continue until the season is over.
screwhead2305::what else does the nba have to markey itself??? lin is the best thing going for them
royboy1978::It will stop when the Knicks start losing.
utclindsay::true..I guess they will stop when the fans get tired of it.
screwhead2305::tebowmania.. u knew it wasnt going away as soon as they compared it to him..
utclindsay::ZBo needs to make is debut back in Memphis, not on the road.
royboy1978::I'm thinking March 17th (Grizzlies Gospel Night)  We're be cheering the Grizzlies on and saying Hallelujah for Z-Bo's return!!!!!
utclindsay::I think it would be great to see on the 13 vs. Kobe and the Lakers. BEAT LA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
utclindsay::although if he makes it in Phoenix, I will be at the game. It would be awesome to see!!
Griss13ears::Good game Rockets. I'll be at the game in March wearin that blue. See you chumps there. Always a good game.
clutchcityforlife::I like it. There's a good hate between Rockets and Grizzlies, Texans and Titans. It's always fun playing against y'all in either sport.
Doggrell13::its kinda starting to feel like these conference games mean something to the guys now. these two teams really duke it out w one another.
Doggrell13::i agree. good game.
ThirdCoastTexan::kinda back handed but ya, good game
ThirdCoastTexan::k. see ya later, chump :)
Griss13ears::nah. nothin but love.
rjerden70::9/9 on free throws in the 4th quarter. That's how you close a game Rockets. You make me proud.
bobbydagreat::It kind of sucks that the Rockets are going to lose their first round pick next year because they are too good to not make the playoffs.
venator360::Hey to goal is to win. Even if they get bounced out in the first it's what you do. I'd have no respect for the players or coaches if they "tanked". They get paid in the millions to compete so COMPETE!
vonsteve1668::I know that's been your theme all year. But you'd still watch all the playoff games if they make it, right?
PowerSurgeRules::they play to win, not to suck for Luck or any other such nonsense.
cpaqpaq1::550 comments on rockets/grizz     5000++++   for knicks nets
venator360::About 95% of that is spam and trolls. Not sure Nets fans even exist.
vonsteve1668::Gee, I wonder why.
canyouspellthis::4500+++ are Lin spammers
somaliangangsterpuff::Marc&gt;Pau
utclindsay::Marc went to my high school. He has come a long way since then.
tlee112582::What did oj do at USC to get them on probation
disguyman::bribes
utclindsay::I think it had something to do with test scores.
canyouspellthis::I WON BY 1 POINT... SWAGGGGGGGG
LeBron Says NHL In 2013__Likes Playing 3 Periods Only::sdfg
LeBron Says NHL In 2013__Likes Playing 3 Periods Only::SDGHS
LeBron Says NHL In 2013__Likes Playing 3 Periods Only::<b>W</b>
The book of Eli predicts a Giants win::I am amazed at how Morey got a bunch of scrubs that play well enough together to be in playoff contention.
Espn Jocky::hey...nice screen name, I hope you made that before the giants Victory
rjerden70::There's not a scrub player in the NBA, that's why they have the D-league
somaliangangsterpuff::Kinda like the giants!XD
jhall2983::They don't have a great player, but they have several good players.
PowerSurgeRules::Indeed.
rjerden70::Obviously they're not scrubs if they're winning.
PowerSurgeRules::Scrubs combined together into a greater whole.
trevorcabo::O J Mayo is pathetic. All flash and no substance
Griss13ears::Everything you say is friggin stupid. I hate you.
ThirdCoastTexan::and they traded Love for Mayo...hahahahaha
jhall2983::He's Miracle Whip.
The book of Eli predicts a Giants win::Rockets can at least avenge the Grizzlies loss unlike the Twolves loss.
ThirdCoastTexan::24 pts, 7 reb, 9 asts, 4 stls...what a game for Lowry
disguyman::Grizz picked Conley &gt; Lowry, what a shame.  Rockets picked Battier &gt; Gay, what a shame.  Thnx for Thabeet, we will give him back to Grizzlies for free + T-Will
Griss13ears::I like Lowry a lot. Too bad we couldn't have kept him...
royboy1978::Can't win them all.  Put this game in the past and get ready for tomorrow night against Philly. Grizzlies will be fine.
nu life::There's some more of that good advice bar tender.  Thanks dog.
Espn Jocky::Thats the spirit
utclindsay::yup..I think this team will take off when ZBO comes back!!
yosellindreams::Yes sir  everyday Zbo return nears
jhall2983::If this were MTV Rock'n Jock they would have a chance
Espn Jocky::Rockets ahead by 10 seconds closing down Grizzleys about to get the L
Espn Jocky::Why do you keep calling me "big dog" okay ill check the records though Ill get back to you later aright ?
Espn Jocky::Yeah y'all are spelling nazis chill out sorry you lost the game go get them next time.
somaliangangsterpuff::check our record and yours.
Jhe1125::check the series record big dog
Jhe1125::use spell check before your next post...
Espn Jocky::SOO TRUE Its 2012
Jhe1125::oh and stop making it easy too
Jhe1125::apparently none of you.  im just wondering if i moved to houston if i could be one of the top businessmen for having an IQ level apparently way above average in that city
royboy1978::Apparently, the Rocket fans have a problem with me misspelling words
somaliangangsterpuff::who gives a crap stop being a spelling n.azi on the internet!
bobbydagreat::Game.
Michael Bibby IX::Pretty much over  Need a miracle three and then foul and then another miracle shot to win
vonsteve1668::Good game for being on the road, Memphis. Good win, Rockets.
trevorcabo::Memphis stunk the joint up. 2 baskets in 1st 9 minutes of 4th. Not close to a good game
vonsteve1668::Eh, I was trying to be polite.
zaky10603::game over!
scopiefun21::Byawwwww
zaky10603::yeahhh
scopiefun21::4?
scopiefun21::Cover you rocket fuckass
scopiefun21::Yessir. Would have been great night if okc didnt let NO back in. Ah well.
zaky10603::and thats what i call a clutch cover.. always feel a little sweeter when there close like that
scopiefun21::Lol i was surprised too
zaky10603::lol at espn not censoring that... i took houston moneyline
cpaqpaq1::it froze on me.    score?   situation?
ThirdCoastTexan::97-93 rockets...5.7 seconds left...memphis ball
Zeeshan2::97-93 houston up
bobbydagreat::Lowry is tired, I hope he makes the FT's.
utclindsay::when is ZBo coming back??
Griss13ears::March 7
utclindsay::that will leave plenty of time for a run at the playoffs!!
yosellindreams::Fingers crossed
royboy1978::Hopefully in March
utclindsay::beginning, middle, or end... do you know by chance??
Michael Bibby IX::I've never seen a team with as many clutch put backs as the Memphis Grizzlies  What is that the 3rd one this week?
K-Dawg510::Yeah thats 3. Ive been saying Grizzlies get by on wins.
royboy1978::Dude, let it go.  We beat your Nuggets fair and square.
somaliangangsterpuff::if only they could do putbacks on gay's free throws.........
Espn Jocky::thx for doing the math for me but what if they hit a 4 point play ?
jhall2983::They don't have Grand-ma-ma on their team
Griss13ears::Ugh. Just watched that replay 5 times. His heal definitely was on the line before he threw the ball. Oh well. Tough call to make.
jhall2983::Clutch City!
Michael Bibby IX::Pondexter is cool
yosellindreams::Sam is cooler coach just hates him
zaky10603::Please tell me houston closes this one out
bobbydagreat::If Rockets make 2 more FT's, the game is over.
jhall2983::Thank you Captain obvious.
trevorcabo::Tremendous insight
Doggrell13::the Rockets are lame
trevorcabo::And Grizz lose by 4
HTownRprsntr::HA!  Lowry what was that?
zachhenson33::why isn't scola in?
bobbydagreat::Because he doesn't even know what defense is.
Jhe1125::*wear  apparently spelling is highly underrated in houston
somaliangangsterpuff::might as well where a knicks jersey!!!!!
trevorcabo::Memphis has to get 3 for 2 every time they touch ball. No more layups
vonsteve1668::A stop???? They have to foul, Roy.
royboy1978::GET A STOP GRIZZ!!!!!!!!
zaky10603::lol
bobbydagreat::Dude, they are going to foul...
bobbydagreat::Now it's Kevin Martin time.
somaliangangsterpuff::HA spurs ending win streak against lowly jazz.
Inframzah::Jazz are actually decent this year though.
