Wayne5606::Oh yeah, I remember now;  the Spurs won the season series with the Grizzlies 4-0  including after Zac Randolph returned and yeah they had Rudy Gay
pwn4suns::I hate the spurs (being a longtime suns fan) but they are just cruising right now and you have to give them and pop props.  I think it's silly how much espn.com/everyone kisses LeChoke's backside and worship Durant when SA is playing better ball than either of those teams, has the better coach, has championship experience and results, and is just flat out crushing other teams badly.  Infatuation with flashy young stars over objective analysis of who is the best is just moronic.  Right now SA is my easy pick to win it all.  What other team has the overall team defense, relentless offensive pace (controlled pace, they play fast but they play smart and don't make bonehead mistakes that most other teams make with fast pace) and number of weapons, and overall team intelligence?  Nobody.  Nobody is even close.  Timmy is older and maybe a bit slower but when it comes to the crunch/pressure/big moment when someone has to deliver, I'd take him over LeChoke or Durant any day.  And Parker and Ginobli don't flinch from the moment either.  SA's "big three" can all create their own shot and handle any pressure.  Barring injury, I don't see any of the media favorites beating SA.
Spurdiboy::Appreciate the honesty pwn4suns. The media is afraid of the Spurs because we'll beat up their beauty pageant media darlings. We're the highest scoring offense in the league and we're being called boring. Well I think media darlings and selfish stars are boring. I'll take wins any day. Go Spurs Go!!!!!
June 24th Is Kobe Bryant Day::Thanks for the objective analysis despite your obvious loyalties.  Appreciate it.
slam_dunk_on_u::the spurts can't handle the lakers with a healthy Kobe you saw yesterdays historic comeback by the Lakers and Kobe hitting big shot after big shot, the spurts were lucky Kobe just came back and was rusty in the last game in sham anphonio. LOL
Raidersyeahthatsright::What an idiot....KobMe shot 9-26!!!!! OKC handed them the game. Oh and BTW Spurs JUST CRUSHED Fakers WITH KobMe, duh.
eeereal::Sorry Pappa, LA don't stand a chance. Those Spurs just keep sending wave after wave at you ! Hell in one game their bench scored 82 points, 82 points. That's more than most teams score in a game. Sh%t their bench averages like 55 -60 something points a game. They got young, athletic and still have the big three. Just read um off : green, leonard, blair, neal, bonner, splitter, jackson, diaw then you still got guy's named duncan, parker and ginolbili. Please, that freakin team is stacked !!! What's LA got, a kobe who can't do it alone, a half effort guy named gasol, a genuine basket case named bynum and that's it, it stops there !!!
slam_dunk_on_u::the spurts will lose to the Jazz or Suns in the first round...2 first round exits in a row and take this prediction to the bank!
Raidersyeahthatsright::slamdunktard. The most ignorant "man" on the internet. Quite the title.
WillGonzo::slam dunk dumbo
eeereal::Dumbo, I love that movie. Do you still receive royalties ?
June 24th Is Kobe Bryant Day::You have enormous ears.  You will get blown out to sea during the next big wind storm.  And you can take that fact and shove it up your tail pipe.
rhowe982::After watching the classless Lakers and Ron Artest intentionally injuring OKC's best one on one offensive player, i ask the Spurs to destroy the Lakers and give TD another ring to match the classless Kobe Bryant.
Reality_And_Truth::Nobody wants to give the Spurs any credit....the Spurs are the best team in the NBA.....expect to see the Spurs vs Heat in the NBA Finals.......the Cavs are not so good....does Kyrie Irving ever guard anybody ?
JD4REAL::I hope the Spurs win out so they can have the record for the longest stretch of 50+ wins in a season! I think its 13 years in a row?
eeereal::Class, class, class ! That's the Spurs. Winning with class, great players who show respect for the game. They don't have thugs or guy's running around getting aids because they have no morals. The Spurs draft and build in a system. They don't go around getting established superstars ie Shaq, Gasol, World Peace, Allen, Garnett, James !! They build from within. They have the Highest winning percentage in major sports in the last fifteen years and they don't brag about it. The Spurs are loved and respected around the world for they're "Class" ! In the Duncan, Pop era the Spurs have won over 790 games, tops in major sports. That's more than Russell and Red, Magic and Reilly, Jackson and Jordan and Jackson, Kobe ,Shaq in the same period of time. Enough said, I'll take the Spurs !!!
texasrangersin12::I’ve been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over $3,000 a month for three months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for anyone out there that is looking for a system that actually works and is tired of not winning your bets like I once was
navyseal962012::I’ve been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for  anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and is tired of not winning your bets like I once was
GetEmJov::My two favorite teams I grew up watching and rooting for in my hometowns of Cleveland Ohio and San Antonio.  The win was good for san antonio as far as playoffs and good for cleveland as far as draft positioning.  Shrugs.  Spurs are the team to beat in the west though this year.  My cavs got a long way to go before they get to the playoffs but Irving and Thompson are good pieces to build around.
sa_spursfan20::I wish the Cavs the best for the future!
Shawn1807::Spurs fan here I hope the best for the Cavs after the Lebron debacle.
ThunderHornz::Thunder fan here- and I agree with you for the most part. Cavs could be on their way with a couple of pieces. Spurs are a bb clinic to be sure.
GoofyTigre::Do you think Pop will sit everybody (anybody of importance) in the last two games if/when we beat Portland tomorrow night? I know the Ginobili injury in the last game last year has to be sitting in the back of his mind.
JD4REAL::I hope get the 50 season win record. But I'd rather the Spurs be healthy come playoffs. Records are nice, but championship rings are better.
ThunderHornz::I was hoping that Okc would sit most key players for the la game because the lakers were coming off of humiliation from spurs, had already lost two to the thunder, and would do anything ( and did) to not come in BEHiND the clips. I did not hope thunder would "sit out" last three- just la for reasons noted. Last year when they were down Bynum tried to kill jj barea, this year artest tried to kill harden.
daboafadem::I think it depends entirely on what else is happening.  If the Spurs have a legit chance to secure HCA all the way through the finals, Pop just might play his starters at least some minutes through the end of the year.  I think he should anyway.  The Spurs timing and rhythm has never been better.  If the team over does it on sitting people that timing could be lost.
Two Five Savage::It sucks the Spurs actually have to play the Cavs, should be simulated on NBA 2k12
joemcleod83::LOL
JujuBeanYum::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKLAzyWiC4
AllSaintsRow2.0::I wasnt able to catch the game tonight, how did the Spurs look. Granted they played the Cavs, but were they still the well oiled machine we all know and love?
pimpn5707::Every Spur Hater LOVES talking about them losing to Memphis, last year. They act like the Spurs have forgotten that. NEWSFLASH: SA SWEPT the season series from MEM, this season! Last season is OVER, haters. Get in tune with the CURRENT SEASON because if you are HONEST , u know that's why you hate on the Spurs.
daboafadem::To answer your original post, the game was about what you'd figure.  With TP and TD on the floor together, the Spurs P&amp;R is right up there with Stockton and Malone.  Subtract TD and you get Parker doing P&amp;R with Blair, and while they had their moments, it wasn't as crisp at the last 4 or 5 games with Duncan playing.
AllSaintsRow2.0::That was completely irrelevant to the post...   ...but YA!!! SPURS!!!
AllSaintsRow2.0::I saw the boxscore, 17 points for Jax. Thats good though, I like how Pop is giving everyone PT. Their depth is really going to be a HUGE advantage come playoff time.
daboafadem::Manu looked awesome.  No TD means the P&amp;R plays didn't look quite as smooth.  Stephen Jackson was on.
Codeine Jones::Lakers = Yankees of the NBA
Reality_And_Truth::Yes, just like the Yankees knocked out in the first round last year....and more than likely both will get knocked out in the first round this year........
rynospurs21::Exactly. Bandwagon fans. Are they bama or nd fans too? Pats or steelers?
daboafadem::Well shoot!  Who in the hell has ties to both coasts?  LOL
rynospurs21::And jusr like the yankees, they have a bunch of bandwagon fans with no ties to the team.
daboafadem::I love all the ESPN usernames that begin LakerYankee or YankeeLaker
marcus-s2981::One thing that makes me laugh is when laker fans say that spurs fans are jealous. Out of all the nba teams the spurs have the fourth most titles...bunches of division titles and 13-14 straight 50 win seasons. Why would spurs fans be jealous when they have a great franchise themselves to cheer for. I respect the lakers organization and all theyve done and as a bball fan all the great players iv grown up watching...but please dont make ignorant statements because I respect the Lakers to the fullest but alot of their fans can be stupid at times.
daboafadem::And during the game.
daboafadem::Right here on ESPN.
pimpn5707::Marcus, you hit it right on!!! Laker fans DON'T realize the problems they have start at the top! They picked the WRONG guy to coach them! You DON'T take a 21, and 25 pt BEATING, and not make adjustments. Pop double down on Bynum EVERYTIME he touched the ball, and Brown has done NOTHING to fix it.
spurs_4_5::where did you hear that the suspensions will carry into the postseason?
AllSaintsRow2.0::Lakers fans are morons. Dont try to understand their actions, you will just bleed from every orifice on your body.
daboafadem::Laker fans on the LAL-OKC board still bragging/worshiping Artest.  I can't believe it.  The playoffs are about to begin, the Lakers only have 1 game left, and the ESPN talking heads are talking suspensions from 2-15 games.  And that will carry right into the postseason.  If Artest has to miss a series or 2, he just killed his team.  How is that something to brag about and be happy for?
Codeine Jones::Spurs &gt; Lakers
rynospurs21::A ll the good teams have figured out how to own the lakers, bynum defending the pnr. Why hasnt okc?
Reality_And_Truth::If Harden plays the entire game, OKC wins by 15 points.....
rynospurs21::They ran pnr, but didnt involve bynum in enough of they. He is so slow.
daboafadem::OKC still did a good enough job running PNR plays but the open looks they created were just bricks
Codeine Jones::Harden = p&amp;r handler
pimpn5707::Ragebabe, you should be worrying about the Clippers clipping you all for the Division Title, and who and what you're going to do once the playoffs start because anyone that KNOWS basketball KNOWS the Lakers have more holes and more problems, than the Spurs have to worry about.
daboafadem::The Spurs will draw either Utah or Phoenix in the 1st round.  I am liking this a lot.
nanular::I was kinda hoping for the Suns...  ... but either way
daboafadem::I'm going to love watching LA go into the playoffs with Artest suspended until 2018.  A shallow team with no bench loses its best wing defender.  That ought to help the Lakers advance...
ragegabe::Again!!!
ragegabe::Good night spurs fans. I'll be back when you choke in the playoffs.......
playinaround2::Oh, please also come back when we win it all.
daboafadem::All that matters this season is this season.  What happened last year will not impact this season.  Last year is over.  It's called time.  It's why we measure it.  History proves that the team that has the combination of great talent playing at the highest level usually wins it.
ragegabe::Never heard of a spurs fan till 1999 came around!!
WillGonzo::Spurs fan since 1983. I still have the Iceman poster from the early days. You are just a hater. Spurs=2012 NBA Champions. Suck it !!!!!!
Reality_And_Truth::These kids don't remember the days of George Gervin and Larry Keenan, Billy Paultz, Mike Mitchell, etc.etc.
playinaround2::I switched from the Lakers to the Spurs when the Spurs drafted Robinson. I thought that was a clear sign of an organization that "got it." It's been a pretty good ride. One fewer titles, but a lot more players to admire in good times and bad - and an organization that succeeds on its own smarts, not on outrageous sweetheart deals.  Folks all up and down the central plains, where we have no natural home team, are Spurs fans like me because they can listen to games on WOAI, which I swear has an illegal transmitter. I once listened to a Spurs game in North Dakota. You just won't find many of those folks on message boards.
Shawn1807::Thanks thats cool to know. There are alot of Military folks that did their trainning here in S.A that still love the spurs as well so hello to all the Spurs fans out there.
spurs_4_5::fans outside san antonio? spurs have way way more fans than lakers in argentina and france (and maybe in australia and brazil today).. and am sure they have a lot of fans in europe as a whole too..
daboafadem::Yeah, that's why my first basketball jersey was ABA.  Gervin.
marcus-s2981::Fool spurs fans have always been around...I supported them greatly even when they couldnt get past the semis or west finals...they have always been a very good team that got deep in the playoffs and lost. Quit acting like spurs have bandwagon fans because they dont.  This is the only professional team SA has so theyve always had a solid backing of fans.
alaingruen::Spurs fans don't exist. No one likes the Spurs outside of San Antonio. That is the way that it is for 90% of sports teams. They are just not big enough or relevant enough to have casual fans. You heard of us in '99 cause that was when we swept you.
1871jupdog::im a spurs and another dude that goes to the same school that i do is a spurs and we live in mississippi so what is your point
SpursDynasty215::...You might be surprised how much the Spurs are liked around the U.S. ....I've been a fan since Robinson's rookie year &amp; been hooked ever since ...I grew up in Philly...
pimpn5707::Ragebabe, I'm a Spurs fan, and your comments are immature, and inaccurate. I could care less about the Laker Champiobships. They won them, and they deserve everyone that they have achieved. They are a great sports and NBA franchise. NO ONE doubts that. However, the Spurs have earned their championships, too! Ratings, and how you and every other hater means, NOTHING because the FACT IS those 4 Champiobships were EARNED by the Spurs! It AMAZES me that you have the nerve to come into a Spurs room, and talk about them, and the Spurs played CLE, today. And, to top it off, the 2 WORST defeats The lakers have taken, THIS SEASON has come by way of the Spurs!!! If you just don't like SA, Man Up, and say that! All of this other junk you're posting is irrelevant!!!
playinaround2::Look, speaking as a former one (before the '90s) Laker fans don't have anybody else worth trashing. The Spurs are their only peer organization any more. The Celtics thing of old is too worn out to be fun any more. It's a compliment.
pimpn5707::A novel? No, I spoke The TRUTH!!! NO ONE has disputed the Laker Titles! It's Laker Fans that come in here, and talk trash about our team! We've had a successful team, for years, too. If you don't like the Spurs, say so, and leave it at that. Yes, I'm simple, just like the Spur team I root for. It doesn't matter, though because their results have been gratifying.
ragegabe::U got one like for writing a very good novel. Good job bro
ragegabe::I think all u spur fans are jealous that u thought u had a dynasty last decade and needed to be reminded there's a team out west that dominates when it wants to. You will always be overshadowed by the lakers and that's why u reference to us. Lowest ratings for an NBA championship, 03, 05, 07. Should have lost in 05 but stoudamire had to run off the bench because of our boy elbowed Nash. Nothing going on in Texas except to drool over your overrated teams!! Congrats spurs, greatest regular season team!!
SpursDynasty215::Too all my fellow Spurs fans....the Lakers are irrelevent so are they delusional cry baby fans...Dont waste your energy on them!! We have bigger fish to fry....Lets talk about how we have the most accomplished big 3 in basketball and how we have the best Power Forward in the history of basketball, a 4 future hall of famers..Pop, Tim , Manu, Tony. We have the best front office in sports and the best coach in the game....We on our way to a 5th title which would cement out legacy even further...If Tim can keep up this pace nobody can beat us...
eeereal::Class, class, class ! That's the Spurs. Winning with class, great players who show respect for the game. They don't have thugs or guy's running around getting aids because they have no morals. The Spurs draft and build in a system. They don't go around getting established superstars ie Shaq, Gasol, World Peace, Allen, Garnett, James !! They build from within. They have the Highest winning percentage in major sports in the last fifteen years and they don't brag about it. The Spurs are loved and respected around the world for they're "Class" ! In the Duncan, Pop era the Spurs have won over 790 games, tops in major sports. That's more than Russell and Red, Magic and Reilly, Jackson and Jordan and Jackson, Kobe ,Shaq in the same period of time. Enough said, I'll take the Spurs !!!
kdchae::rather drool in texas than live in that hell called california. geez what a mess.
playinaround2::Jealous? Aren't you the one who came to our board? We're just here minding our own business, enjoying the titles the Spurs' admirable, character-rich organization has won the right way, without benefit of sweetheart deals. I used to be a Laker fan, and I wouldn't go back for anything. Keep your ill-gotten gains, they're clearly yours. We wouldn't like the stink of them.
marcus-s2981::I find it amazing that people speak of the spurs losing fans once our stars retire...hmmm where are the laker fans going to be when kobe hangs it up and theyre a .500 team?? Only three teams have more championships than the spurs and I highly doubt me or any other spurs fan have ANYTHING to be jealous of...we are not bobcat or wizard fans...we are fans of a great franchise...shut up.
daboafadem::Sorry but you don't get to brag about A)  Titles that occurred when the franchise was in another city.  B)  Titles that occurred before you were old enough to understand the game.  And BTW - you're not a part owner.  It's their team, not yours.
ragegabe::Yup u know us but it don't matter. Our team has won more championships then the whole western conference combined. That's y u hate. Keep talking bout us cuz we just get more money. Spurs fans will disappear when Parker, ginobili and Duncan r gone. That's a fact!!
Shawn1807::Present day the Spurs have the highrst win perct. in all prof. sports in the past 15 years. So for the past 15 years no one is better than the Spurs.
alaingruen::The Lakers have won more titles than like 24 teams combined...who cares? Still not winning this year.
alaingruen::And also, Spurs overrated??? Maybe. But how can you honestly tell me that the Lakers aren't just as much if not more overrated. The Lakers are not a championship team, and every one knows it, just pretending not to know because it's LA and the big markets have to matter. I think the Lakers are the second most overrated team in the league behind the Knicks.
daboafadem::I will never be jealous of LA or anyone who watches that team.  50% of Laker fans never even lived the state of CA.  They are front running bandwagoner fans who come out to worship the Lakers after they put away their Pistons and Bulls and Heat jerseys.
alaingruen::Stoudamire was suspended in '07 and television ratings have absolutely nothing to do with quality of teams. The '98 series was the highest rated series ever, with the Jazz, probably the worst of the teams the Bulls faced in the Finals. And the '98 Bulls were by far the lesser team of all their six championship teams.
Wayne5606::What do TV ratings from 5+years ago have to do with anything?
daboafadem::that was my intent!
alaingruen::You just strengthened my argument.
daboafadem::Yeah, the Jazz struggled to score 65 points in some of those games. How exciting!
MIKEFORCAVS::anyone see the deep 3 manny harris hit vs knicks go CAVS
candycandyYOU::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pMBRUn07WcM  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pMBRUn07WcM  Kobe Bryant Post Game LIVE Interview vs OKC  he is pretty clutch!!
ragegabe::I'm really loling cuz u keep responding. I'm just talking ball and your attacking me personally. That's how I know u can't handle it. It's ok, I'll leave u alone.
daboafadem::LOL
TheRingKing::Funny, your not even the best team in LA. Enjoy being the step child next year while watching KOBE sit out with injuries and MWP doing pay per view UFC fights while riding his 1 year ban. It's very fitting you have RAG in your name!
WesTexSpur::Must have some damn good crack over on the west coast ^
daboafadem::Anyone who types 'lol' that often isn't even laughing.
ragegabe::Typical laker fan needing to remind u why the Lakers are the greatest!!!
ragegabe::U sound like my uncle, clipper fan. Lol
daboafadem::yawn...
daboafadem::OKC choked.  If I were a Laker fan I'd have no pride winning a game because the other team simply went ice cold on open shots.
kdchae::quick ragegabe, how many finals have the spurs lost? lakers are an embarassment and thanx to wmp, will be dealt with swiftly. phil is not coming back and popovich mentored mike brown. obviously the student has not bested the teacher--and never will. go spurs go
kern541::And Kobe is a U.S. born local??
ragegabe::Salary cap boy. We can't just get who we want. They come to us. Spurs go overseas. U outsource so you're the reason why our economy is down!! Lol!!
daboafadem::BTW - I said that OKC choked. Not sure why your response involved the Lakers going to 7 finals.  But...typical.
alaingruen::Lakers do not set the standard sorry. They are just the biggest team with the biggest pockets. Just like the Yankees. They very rarely find and develop players, they wait until they are stars and then get them to play in LA. I know you are going to argue that they don't have deeper pockets because of the salary cap, but they do. They can afford to go over the cap and pay the luxury tax with their deep pockets.
daboafadem::You mean they, the Lakers, who will be swept out of this year's playoffs like last year, since you seem to think the recent past dictates the present.
ragegabe::Did we choke when we went to 7 finals? Spurs haven't done anything since we beat them in 08 and u expect tony Parker to win it?!? Lol!! Just admire the fact that the Lakers set the standard of what a team should be like. Spurs are like Duke, they just shoot. Playoffs is a totally duff beast and OKC are young.
alaingruen::If the Spurs were to win their last three games and get to fifty wins; it would, in my opinion, be the single greatest regular season accomplishment in Spurs history. I mean who would have honestly predicted that this team would win fifty? And if you say you knew they would, either you're lying or delusional. No one in their right mind could have predicted this. Also, would be really cool to keep the fifty win streak going.
daboafadem::Yeah.  Totally.  LOL
ragegabe::Yup I worship thugs who can win dominantly. I'm getting a rise out of u cuz u keep responding. I bet you're one of those who gets off on proving people wrong On trivial things. U mad yet? Have I got to you? Lol
daboafadem::I've watched pleny of it.  I understand the game.  You're just a troll looking to get a rise out of someone. Go back to worshiping your thugs like Artest, Bynum, and your rape boy Kobe.
ragegabe::All of this stuff is irrelevant. They were first last year and out the first round. This year will be second round. Teams can figure out the spurs. You need to have a dominant inside game and defense and the spurs are mediocre at best. They would have to shoot 60% or more to win s championship. I just can't see it.
kern541::That's why they have the best record in the NBA and TROUNCHED the "mightly" Lakers twice in 10 days. They have also beaten Memphis this year, I believe swept their series? The way the Lakers are playing, they will be lucky to make it to the Western Conference Finals.
ragegabe::Sure. Then what? Don't matter if you don't win it all. Sweep? Lol! U really need to watch more playoff basketball
daboafadem::The Spurs have 1 loss this year when shooting 50% from the floor.  They are almost unbeatable shooting at that clip.  The Spurs will sweep Memphis and Lakers in consecutive series should they meet.
SteelersSpursDodgers::i thought at the start of the season, WHICHEVER team leads the league in wins will be at 50-16...i really thought we could contend for that position, but i wasn't predicting it  that being said, I really prefer coming from behind to catch the No. 1 seed (means we're peaking at the right time) than being No. 1 all year and barely hanging on at the end...i really think we're primed and ready for this post-season
daboafadem::I agree.  All the casual NBA fans remember is SA losing to Memphis in the 1st round, but the problems started way sooner than that last year.  They went 4-12 down the stretch and really looked bad for the last month going into the playoffs.
Dub_M89::Playing for the Spurs must be great, you win a lot of games plus you only have to come to work 3/4's the time.
sport medic::You do that by working twice as hard when you do play.
Mr Calogero::The Spurs = definition of a well coached all around solid team with good chemistry.
Haligan1::Yeah, last year's letdown totally overshadows four titles in thirteen years (three in the decade).  Btw, do I need to point out the sarcasm, ragegabe.  I'm not sure of the level of brilliance I'm dealing with here.  Honestly, every team, in every sport, would kill for that much success.
ragegabe::Then choke in the playoffs!!
Raidersyeahthatsright::Just glad Artest waited until today to go off his med.'s.
420floyd::too bad duncan didn't play in la or chicago or somewhere like that so that people would actually care about his accomplishments
sport medic::Spurs fans will cheer him like crazy at the AT&amp;T Center then leave him alone when he's out having dinner or buying milk at the H.E.B.  (Spell the name of the store without the periods and you get #%&amp;.)
420floyd::idk about that considering rick perry is your governor
SteelersSpursDodgers::i can't help it if Republican candidates carry most offices in this state...lol actually, i think Timmy needs another ring or 2 for people across the country to really appreciate his greatness (and it pains me to say that, having watched almost every game of his career and knowing first-hand his greatness)
SteelersSpursDodgers::we Texans are people!
JujuBeanYum::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKLAzyWiC4
sport medic::Pop's going to send the Silver Dancers to Phoenix and give the team a night off.  Spurs lose by three.
SteelersSpursDodgers::as long as they win Monday, I really don't want Tim, Tony or Manu to play the last 2...maybe even not Tiago; i want them all completely healthy come Saturday or Sunday, whichever is the 1st playoff game
daboafadem::I would rather see them play limited minutes and keep the timing down.  Don't mess with a good thing.
420floyd::old man take a look at my life im a lot like you
saathoff.seth@yahoo.com::So do you guys think Parker and Manu are HOFers? Interesting that Irving said that about them. I'm a Spurs fan, but I'm not sure Manu will be in the Hall. If I were a betting man I would say Parker gets in because he has been more consistent over the years and hasnt dealt with as many injuries. All that said I hope All 3 get in.
eeereal::Parker gets in ! When you have a team that win's multiple titles with the same point guard it's a lock for the Point Guard. LA, Chicago and Boston had different points for they're titles. Tony's a lock. As for Manu ? He's a lock also, three titles as of now. Definitively the greatest and most successful international player in league history.
alaingruen::Ginobili goes in for sure. The thing about the HOF is that it's not NBA exclusive. International competitions and leagues are also included. So with what Ginobili did in Italy, winning I think it was two MVPs, what he's done in the Olympics, etc. he goes in for sure. To me Parker is the bigger question. While he has had a great career, I'm not quite sure he's a HOFer. He doesn't have the other international accomplishments to pad his resume.
darealtexasboi::i think all 3 get in Parker is just now in his prime
blackhawkconvoy::Reggie Miller was in the hall with no chips. Ginobili is a not only an NBA champion but olympic champion as well. i hope he gets in as well.
bohead01::Looking at the standings and the schedule, I think San Antonio is going to draw Utah in the 1st round, as Phoenix has to go to Utah next, then will have Spurs in Phoenix. Dallas could still lose their last game on Thurs I think, to fall to 30 losses, but I'm not sure what the tie breaker would be between Utah and Dallas if they both end up with 30 losses.  I like the prospect of watching the 4-5 match up as it stands now, Clippers/Griz....I don't think Clips can catch Lakers after tonight's win over OKC......but Griffin/Jordan vs M Gasol/Z-Bo would be fun to watch.
darealtexasboi::its impossible unless the lakers lose the last game
JujuBeanYum::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKLAzyWiC4
GoofyTigre::Wow! Quiet board tonight. All the Lakers and OKC homers actually on their own board? Amazing. Go Spurs Go!
BabyHandsBob::Everybody's at the Lakers board overreacting about everything.
eeereal::Funny how espn gets in and out of spurs highlights with no comp's and yet LA, Miami and OKC win and it's five minute praise sessions. It's all right though, attacks are more damaging when they are flown "under the radar" !!!
BabyHandsBob::Look people laughed at the Spurs when Popovich rested his players. They made the obvious old jokes and had a ball, but look what it got us. An experienced bench and the deepest team in the league. Pop can basically throw out any five he wants and the Spurs will be okay. This is why he should unanimously win coach of the year.
alaingruen::I don't know about a unanimous COY award. Some other coaches have done good jobs, but I agree that he should win the award.
scoot tre::Too far under the radar.  After we win our fifth championship in aJune the pundits will still be talking about the Heat and Lakers being in the Finals this year.  Oh wait...Spurs already won...hmm, must have missed it...
scoot tre::What's more telling?  Us getting a full game swing, the Lakers coming back, or the Thunder totally collapsing under pressure to stay in the hunt for home court?
NTV2::It is pretty cool that DJ Kennedy played (that is sat on the bench) for his first NBA game against his former high school teammate DeJuan Blair. That has to be a rare occurrence.
scoot tre::I know I'm spoiled when I think tonight's games was a bit sloppy and we still win by 15, Timmy gets a rest, and we get a full game swing in the West race....
BabyHandsBob::There would be no greater injustice in this world than if LeBron and co. win a title over Duncan getting his fifth.
adeptimg::Don't worry about that. If LeBron takes the last shot with the game on the line, Duncan gets 5. But don't worry about that either. LeBron will pass the ball.
Dano078::OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The Spurs are so boring they've only scored 105 or more points in 13 of the last 16 games.    GO SPURS GO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
daboafadem::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qSN1yRY_cXM  so boring
BabyHandsBob::Perfect team basketball with great passing, fundamentals, teamwork and leadership is so boring. Would rather see Blake Griffin dunk over a car.  Note - this is pure sarcasm.
rynospurs21::Do you think the player view the spurs as boring when they get beat by 20?
Vaquero In The House::Go &amp; ask the Lakers.....
rynospurs21::Ever y good coach knows how to beat the lakers. High pnr with bynum. Brooks is a moron.
ragegabe::Couldn't do it in 08?
daboafadem::Mike Brown VS Pop = no contest.
adeptimg::Pop was Mike Brown's mentor once . Still is. (in a way)
adeptimg::And let Mike Brown run the offense.
daboafadem::They had a good plan.  But my god, Westbrook and KD shot like 18% over the final 17 minutes of reg.
rynospurs21::Dont reinvent the wheel. Alternate kd and mw in pnr with bynum. Winning recipe.
