thebasketbullsdotcom::Chicago Bulls better be mad about the  loss to the Hawks. derrick rose needs to step it up along with Boozer and Noah. can't have all those millions on the Bench in the 4th quarter. http://www.thebasketbulls.com/atlanta-hawks-crap-all-over-the-chicago-bulls-109-94-loss/
xboxuga8::I think people should give the Hawks some credit... They beat the heat with all of their big 3. We were beating the bulls by 14 in the last game we played them, and we beat them last night. The hawks just need some consistency. If Josh smith stops acting like a guard and plays like he did tonight, this is the most well-rounded team in the NBA.
fightinillini32::I dont know about most well-rounded, but they can be very good. The are probably the most inconsistent team in the NBA.
ATLien4ever::if josh plays every game like he did last night, the kid could be an MVP candidate
Terry 1953::The Bulls are like their Bear team. when they lose they are full of excuses.
Mizzourah332::stick it in your $@%
ATLien4ever::I love the excuse, the Bulls were tired...when the Hawks have played 9 games in 12 days.  The Hawks should have been tired, you better come to grips with the fact that Atlanta is a good ball club and that Boozer cant hang with Josh Smith.   Smith looked like a all star against that bum!!
ATLien4ever::last year means nothing, the hawks bench is completely different and that my friend is the difference... and Rose for some reason doesn't want it with Teague...Teague out played him last night...the MVP....hawks are ready
PlayerPresident1::bulls are a better team than the hawks.  Fact.  they proved it last year and will prove it again this year.    good game, hawks....much respect to them for last night's win.  now onward to the next game for my bulls.  you guys keep the discussion going.
ATLien4ever::you'll still be a 2 or 3 seed in the playoffs. there isnt even good teams out east to expose them
illestprospect::Again, its due to shooting man. How many teams miss as many wide open shots as Chicago does. The most complete player the Bulls have is Luol Deng. Of course you aren't going to be a good team like that.
ATLien4ever::Chicago is simple, all they want to do is run Korver off screens and play the high screen and roll...elementary basketball that gets shut down by good teams
ATLien4ever::The Hawks have dominated the Bulls in 7 out of 8 quarters they have played them...last night was never even close we started on a 10 to 1 run
illestprospect::Lol being better than the Hawks won't get you a title. I'm irritated because it's like they have a one hand behind their backs compared to the other 'good' teams in the league. They can never really be an actual contender unless the best player ever is on the team.
fightinillini32::Your telling me a team that won 62 games last year isnt a contender?? Then tell me who is.
PlayerPresident1::you fools are silly.  bulls are STILL a better team than hawks and would beat them 6 out 7 days in a week.
illestprospect::I mean from now on. I obviously know what happened last year, but that holds no ground. They didn't win the title did they? No, so there is nothing to discuss here. I just feel bad for Rose because more than likely he'll spend at least a decade in Chicago.
ATLien4ever::they made me ECF last year fool. lol smh
illestprospect::How about Bulls can't shoot the ball? Because fact isn't an excuse. And since roughly 15 of their players can't shoot the ball, it's quite likely they never see an ECF with this current roster.
thebasketbullsdotcom::pretty bad loss but its ok. it was just one game. you can see how exhasuting this fast pace schedule is gonna be.   http://www.thebasketbulls.com/atlanta-hawks-crap-all-over-the-chicago-bulls-109-94-loss/
yoshiayoub1::The bulls still have one of the best teams out there, only problem is Miami has the better team. Maybe they should look to recruiting that Mohammed Yasin from Orland Park?
natenasty27::For anyone to say that Rose did not deserve his MVP from last season is so terribly confused at what the definition of MVP is. Really who deserved it more than him last season, as far as regular season play? I think the Bulls needed a night like this, its a road loss, and the Bulls didn't play particularly well on the road last season. Next 8 of 12 are at the Madhouse, so lets get those.
natenasty27::he led his team to the nba's best record without 2 starters for most of the regular season, and its not like regular season mvp means anything to him, he wants the larry obrien and the finals mvp anyway.
fightinillini32::If the award was for the best player then LeBron would have 5 of them now and would probably win 3 or 4 more of them.
ATLien4ever::I couldn't believe Howard or Dirk, or maybe even Durant didn't win last year.  I think Rose won because he was the popular vote, he is obviously not the best or most needed player in the NBA
2 big 2 fast 2 strong 2 good::If anything, this is a good thing for the Bulls. Starters got some rest and rookie Butler got some playing time. You can't win 64 in a row. Butler had 12 points in 8 min; I think he will be a pretty good late draft steal just like Taj.
fightinillini32::I have been waiting for Butler to play all season. I thought with a shortened season and Hamilton's injury he would play more. Hopefully we'll see more out of him.
darkohotshot::Let's face it, the Heat fans, this is OUR season!
darkohotshot::Of course not, it is perfect.
2 big 2 fast 2 strong 2 good::keep dreamin
2 big 2 fast 2 strong 2 good::no comment on the pic
RunTheBall22::just like last year right. you think you people would learn.
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::All the Bulls fans just shut up, the majority of you were talking blowout before the game. And now that you get your butts beat, all of a sudden it's just a simple regular season game that means nothing. LOL  That game was awesome and I loved every minute of it, Pompous jerks.
illestprospect::It does mean nothing because they will miss the play-offs lol.
darkohotshot::So, it is a safe bet to say that Miami will obliterate Chicago. The Heat only need to stop Rose and game over. Go Heat!
darkohotshot::You can put some serious money on me looking better than you.
fightinillini32::Ooo you are so pretty!!! I love your hair!! What kind of products do you use?!
RunTheBall22::so it's safe to say you do all your smack talking online because you look like a little b*tch.  sucks to be you dude
tbest23::Bulls were exhausted and it showed. Atl is locked for years with that horrid Johnson contract. Josh Smith is an all-pro 30% of the time and 70% he thinks he's Ray Allen.  Also, the Bobcats' pick for the Tyrus Thomas trade is finally due this year in a loaded draft. Keep losing Bobcats and give the Bulls that top 5 pick!!!!!!!
Robert156877::Probably not this year.  It is protected if its in the top 14, so the Bulls won't get the pick unless Charlotte makes the playoffs.  Next year its top 10.  In 2014, its unprotected.
Rody8946::The Knicks are turrible.
mortus2007::or maybe cuz it was their 5 game is 7 days. that is stupid to expect them to win them all!
badfx988::that might be an excuse if they weren't playin a team that played 5 games in 6 nights, and this was their third of back to back to back, and the previous two combined for 4 ots.
mintzerkj4eva::Hawks the best team in the EAST. LMAO. ok that person is not in their right mind.   And just because Rose has a bad shooting night doesn't mean he can't shoot. But he is streaky. Really at shooting threes
jash100::God do I really hate people on the internet. IT'S ONE $@%!$@% LOSS! STOP CRYING. Also, the Hawks are not the best team in the east, who the F___ would actually think that?
Patssuck1988::How are the bulls going to win a championship when their best player is like 6-2 and he can't shoot, nor can he pass....
RunTheBall22::Can't shoot or pass but was the youngest MVP ever.  this guy really knows the game
2 big 2 fast 2 strong 2 good::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cnHn_hoztio       I think he can shoot.
peezyfreshbaby57::Chicago Bulls dont look so hot this yr
jash100::7-2 is very good numb nuts
_misterfurious::7-2 is pretty good - although they narrowly escaped what should have been 2 more losses to ATL and LA.
gotenks15::in case you bulls fans didn't notice derrick rose does not play defense at all
tbest23::Right...Rose never hustles on both ends does he?  Foolish...
Bede Bears::Why did he block a Teague 3 pointer then?
_misterfurious::FYI that's a terrible argument.
badfx988::The Hawks are the best team in the East. 1-12 they have the best roster. People making excuses about Chi town's schedule are tripping. The Hawks were playing 5 games in 6 days, the last two with a combine 4 OTs. D-Rose is a beat but Noah can't play offense and Boozer can't play defense. With the exception of Taj Gison, Chicago's bench is weak-I take that back, Scallabrine is a beast. Face it the Hawks beat the Heat w/ big 3 in Miami, almost beat Chicago in United(hats off to D Rose), blew out the Bulls in Atlanta( back to back to back games 4 ots), with one dreadful performance against Heat in ATL where they ran out of gas in 3 ot.  LBJ and Dwade are 2 of 5 best NBA players, but the rest of the team, especially their bench, are weak.
shyamv2::haha yeah the universally acclaimed best bench in the east sucks because of one game. If you didn't know, the bench is built on defense in chicago. Give me a game where the other team doesn't shot 60% overall and 75% from 3 and you'll see. the hawks were just on fire last night, hats off to them
badfx988::Korver can't play d-one dimensional 3 point shooter, Taj G is very good-much respect, Asik is a scrub, watson and brewer are ok- Two of their starters(Boozer and Noah) have incredibly limited games on one side of the floor, RIP is old but can still play, Deng pretty good on both sides. Again D Rose can cover all that up-but if he doesn't, the Bulls are just good, not great. I'm starting a write in campaign for Scallabrine for the All Star game.
_misterfurious::Hawks the best team in the east? Seriously?   Look, bottom line is this - if Joe Johnson is your best player, you're not the best at anything.
TheSixthHeatle::I will start by saying the Hawks are a good team with talented players. The downfall for the Hawks is consistency and streaky shooting. Perhaps the Hawks make more noise in the playoffs, but until then they are an underachieving squad of good players, but no go to star to carry them.
badfx988::1-5 and 6-12 Hawks have a balanced attack. Heat and Bulls each have 1-2 superstars, but the rest of their teams are just alright. I am not saying this after 1 game, but 4+ years of this team playing together and getting progressively better. D-Rose, LBJ, and Dwade are good enough to beat the Hawks by themselves in some playoff games, but I think the Hawks will surprise w/ Teague's impressive play, a much better bench than the other(Hinrich, Pargo, TMAC, VLADRAD, Zaza), and Marvin playing much better after back surgery. Again, superstars matter in this league but I think the Hawks are overall balanced and will surprise this year.
chadhenne07::the knics would beat atl...miami is better than atl...orlando is better than atl.....bulls are better.....lol ....cant believe after one game he thinks his team is the best in the east .....we beat u and u beat us
chadhenne07::best team in the east????.....after one game????.....come on man......lol.....nice win AT HOME where your supposed to win
Gillyballer1980::lol, The Hawks are not the best team in the East. They are not better than the Heat or the Bulls. I doubt they would beat Boston in a 7-game series.
GetOffMeDude::LoL @ these haters with a brain size of a pea.   Can't win all the games folks, especially in a condensed season.
DeVi0uZ::The bulls fans keep saying "can't win them all" like you guys have accomplished something yet. The heat are still a good team without LeBron and Wade. And Bosh came out clutch in .06 seconds in the game. But I'm happy for you that you act like you are semi intelligent.
chadhenne07::thank u....bulls are 7-2 ....still have a better record than the hawks.......the hawks lost to miami without james and wade...wtf
rynodesign::Can't win them all. Good play by ATL. Looked like they wanted that one a lot more. With this shortened and compressed season fans are going to see a lot of ball like that. There is no way guys aren't tired. It was actually amazing that ATL had energy last night. Bench played nice last night. You saw Drew get worried when the Bulls started to chip away at the lead with about 5 minutes left. Good for Thibbs to get the guys some rest, they have a helluva schedule this week.
64442787338::u know its an issue for the bulls when korver was ur best player in a game
chadhenne07::michael jordan scored 9 points in a loss once ...whats your point
superman253540::ANd all you little Heat fans up here good win vs NJ but ur schedule is about to get ugly
klevine217::Hawks are too inconsistent to go anywhere.  beat Miami in Miami w/Big 3 and beat the Bulls, but lose to Miami without D-Wade and LeBron and lose to the Rockets.  I  think the Hawks get in as the 4 seed and lose to Miami/Chicago in the second round.
superman253540::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9k1rHPYrKc&amp;feature=related
StompOnFailtics::D.Rose 3-10 .....WOW!  Seems like they (Bulls) sat the starters after 22 min and put the bench in which did a solid job.
chadhenne07::it seems like people wait for the one game we lose to go......rose shot for this yall suck......what about the last game when rose had 29 points 16 assist and 8 reb 2 stl and a block....
supreme91::At least Brian Scalabrine played..
LAUESTODO::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fd6C4to1vyM&amp;feature=related
CosmoKramer1444::LOL at Rip being the savior of your team. Rose&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Chalmers Wade&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Rip LeBron&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Deng Bosh&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Boozer Noah&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Anthony Miami leads 3-2 in starters.  The bench Cole&gt;CJ Miller&gt;Korver Brewer&gt;Battier Haslem&gt;Taj Asik&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Pittman
_misterfurious::Yeah I mean, barring injury, Miami should have the best record - both teams have improved themselves, but the Bulls improved by adding Rip - which is fine.   But if you really think about it, Miami is getting back Haslem and Miller - they added Battier and Norris Cole, and if you factor in all those "additions" they are so much better than they were last season in terms of depth. Even if Eddy Curry does nothing the entire year, they should be favored to come out of the east.
LAUESTODO::And last year the Bulls got a gentlemen's sweep while holding home court advantage.  LOL
CosmoKramer1444::Yes they did. I chose Haslem because of his rebounding and mid-range skills.
_misterfurious::Haslem and Taj Gibson are probably a wash.   Brewer is more athletic - their defense is about equal - Battier is the better shooter - so that's probably a wash also.   Yeah overall I would say their benches are basically even at this point ASSUMING Miller is healthy.  Last season Bulls had the better bench by far.
_misterfurious::You do have to take into account that Gibson does certain things better than Udonis. I like Haslem alot - just trying to be objective.
TheSixthHeatle::Haslem is averaging 10 boards a game off the bench, Taj at 4.1/game is not even close. Plus Haslem is a champion, where Taj ia a wannabe, Put down the pipe. Miller adds another knock down shooter to the bench that the Bulls dont even have, Miamibench&gt;Bullsbench
CosmoKramer1444::He's younger and more athletic. However Battier in his prime &gt;Brewer
561soldier::I agree with everything except Brewer better than Battier? That $@%! is wrong.
C2Poke88::This game was further proof that Rose is not an MVP-worthy player.  Not even close.  His game has so many holes in it, the voters ought to be ahamed of what they did last year.  Rose is going to be judged on an MVP-scale going forward, which isn't fair to the kid because his game just doesn't measure up.  He has way too many sub-40% shooting nights, way to many high turnover nights, way too many bad defensive nights, way too many low assist nights.  All of that means he has way too many mediocre nights.  No prior MVP has ever had that problem before.  Probably because they actually deserved the award.
shyamv2::he has way too many... like 1 so far this year?
C2Poke88::You think Rose only has 1 poor shooting game this year?!?  Rose is shooting 42% from the field through 9 games.  It takes more than one 3-10 shooting night to have that kind of poor shooting percentage.  In 9 games so far this season, last year's MVP (Rose), has shot 40% or less in 5 of them - 23% (GS), 30% (ATL), 36% (ATL), 38% (ORL), and 40% (MEM).  Yet the Bulls are 3-2 in those games.  He did the same thing last season yet the team kept winning.  The team defense and rebounding kept bailing him out.  He was even worse in the playoffs, yet the team still made it to the ECF because the team defense and rebounding kept bailing him out.  Rose benefitted from his team just as much as his team benefitted from him.  MVP-caliber players who have never won the award do not shoot 40% or worse in more than half of their games.  Players who have actually won the award sure as hell don't do it - at least that was the case before Rose won the award.  Damn shame.
_misterfurious::I'm no Bulls fan but that's just not accurate. Does he shoot very low percentage some nights? Yes. Could his assist numbers be better sometimes? Yes.  But he deserved the MVP last year. The Bulls had the best record in the whole league and he was the main reason why - because quite honestly, other than Luol Deng, I don't have too much respect for anyone else on that team as an overall player.
1 Wk At a Time::I agree with misterfurious.... you take Rose out of the equation, the Bulls lack a slashing guard, and a high scorer which draws double teams and most of the defense of opposing teams.  In the ECF, when the Heat decided to put Lebron on Rose in the 4th quarter, the players looked like they were just standing there hoping for Rose to create something.  With him out of the equation the rest of the Heat players focused on Deng and Boozer, who seemed to disappear when defensive pressure is applied to them.  In the season Rose was responsible for a possible 39 points minimum of the Bulls scoring (25 points and 7 assists assuming only 2 pts per assist) Not to mention yes his FG % was not outstanding but he drew enough of the big men in the opposing teams to leave the basket so that when he misses the offensive boards were there for the grabbing.  Just his presence alone made the Bulls better offensively.  And at times his offense is his defense.  He would tire out the other points playing defense on him leaving them a bit exhausted to be on the other side of the court.
_misterfurious::Their defense was a big part of their success, but you're not being fair. You could have a great defense, but if you can't put the ball in the basket it won't matter. (Just ask the Milwaukee Bucks last season).   Rose is main ingredient in their offense.  It's really no different than when Iverson won the MVP and took the Sixers to the finals in 2001 - it was a very similar formula. I don't think too many people were saying Iverson did not deserve his MVP.   I'm not saying Rose is the best player in the league or anything - just that he deserved the award last year.
C2Poke88::If Rose averaged double-digit assists, I would agree with you, but he's not a good assist man.  All he can do well is drive to the basket and occassionally drive-n-kick.  Boozer gets his shots within the offense.  Noah and Gibson get the majority of their points off the offensive glass and put-backs.  The perception of what Rose did last year just doesn't match reality.  He made some clutch shots late in a few games last year and the media made his contributions much bigger than they actually were.
C2Poke88::Rose was NOT the main reason for the Bulls success last year.  That was one of the great myths of last season.  The Bulls managed to advance to the ECF last season with Rose stinking up the court.  If he was the main reason for their success, if they had to have his scoring to be successful, then they shouldn't have advanced to the ECF with the way Rose shot the ball throughout the playoffs.  How did they advance through the playoffs despite Rose's offensive struggles?  I'll tell you how.  The real main reasons for their success were the fact they were #1 defense, #1 rebounding, #1 2nd chance pts.  Without those stats, the Bulls are barely a playoff team.  Since Rose is not a good defender or rebounder, he had very little to do with the main reasons for their success.  He got the MVP award last year only because his story was a good anti-Lebron story and the media could use him to stick-it to Lebron.  That's the only reason.
_misterfurious::He carries them offensively. Most of their players cannot create their own shot - he creates for himself, draws attention, kicks out to shooters, drops off to Noah and Boozer for easy baskets in the paint, and sparks their fast break.   If it wasn't for Rose they would score about 80 ppg.
perrypete::he was NOT the main reason!  their +/- was better without him, he is a huge liability on defense.  he won because he is a great offensive player and people were in shock at what the bulls did.  ok, maybe not a great offensive player, but a great scorer is what i mean!
_misterfurious::Normally you would just shrug this off as the Bulls were tired and just didn't show up.  However, it was Atlanta's 3rd game in 3 nights - if anything they should have been the team that got out-hustled and out-worked.
perrypete::rose is just a flat out horrible defender!
Da Big Man12::I have to agree, other team's point guards blow right past him and force our post players (Noah) to leave his man and help.
btpkk::I'm a bulls fan and i agree
perrypete::im a bulls fan too, i just wish these other bias fans would realize this and just speak the truth!  he is great on offense but is actually not just horrible but a liability of defense!
atlkee1787::Exactly
TH13beast::Lets get right to it shall we? The Bulls are the better team they just had an off night... Everything went right for Atlanta and wrong for Chicago.  You cant honesly say the Hawks are better than the bulls. but that being said Good game Atlanta                                                                                                                                                       - signed a Bulls Fan
pipobilli81::agreed 100%. atlanta should beat chicago the first game. and chicago just got outplayed by an angry atlanta team. i aint saying atlanta is a contender, but they already showed how good they can be. they beat miami in south beach, played them very tough in atl. same thing for against chicago. go hawks!!!!!!!!!!
561soldier::If anything the Bulls were lucky that they beat Atlanta the first time. Atlanta missed so many free throws and blew a huge lead. Atlanta played better than than the Bulls minus 1 or 2 quarters in the games combined.
superpieman802::nice win for the hawks coming from a bulls fan.  you shoot like that chances are your going to win most games.  but lets calm down.  the bulls and heat are still the best 2 teams in the east.  the way the hawks are playing they should finish 3rd no problem.
doctor pick::Miami beats Atlanta w/o bron or wade, and then atlanta beat bulls, just hard to think anybody beats the heat in the playoffs. Man I'm not looking forward to seeing bron holding that trophy.
superman253540::they lost the game by 15. this team has lost worse than that.  Everybody suffers a blowout sometimes but the bulls have won about the las 5 or 6 from orlando.  Last I checked, no disrespect to atl but we beat them when it counted with boozer doing pretty much nothing
phatfour20::amazing a bulls fan with no perspective.....should have figured they be here making excuses.....how do you lose by 15 to a team that is playing their 3rd game in 3 nights one going to triple overtime then traveling playing another overtime game then traveling again to play the last of their B2B2B and just handed it to the bulls....
superpieman802::bobtina i must admit im honored that you have chosen me to stalk online.  for someone to be online 10 plus hours a day like you and to specifially remember what ive said in the past is kind of flattering.
superpieman802::and it was the 9th game math whiz
bobtina09::wait wait wait superpie.... so since bulls beat magic... it mattered and showed how SUPERIOR your team is... since they got there $@% kicked last night worst $@% whoppin in a few years... it proves nothing? So the win over the magic proove nothing then... Good point... ITS THE 6th GAME OF THE Season... none of this proves anything until after the all star break...
superpieman802::look who crawled off his mom to come join the party.
momo2deep::Luck has nothing to do with it! He was wide open! Look these are NBA players. The Bulls and Heat are giving too many minutes to their starting players. Hawks have a system that's working. It was a beat down. Admit it. Accept it. Get over it.
superpieman802::miami also lost to atlanta with wade and bron and lost to the bulls earlier.  nice win for the hawks but this game proves nothing
1 Wk At a Time::oh and it kinda does prove something, that if there is a formula to shut Rose down offensive and make him play defense the Bulls are going to be in for a long season.
1 Wk At a Time::I think superpieman was talking about Atlanta losing to the bulls earlier.
phatfour20::you still didn't answer when the heat lost to the bulls.....
superpieman802::typical heat fans making excuses.
CosmoKramer1444::When did Chicago beat Miami? Last season with no Haslem?
561soldier::Wade was playing hurt. McGrady was lucky as hell in the forth knocking down like four 3s.
DROSEgotPaidandQUIT::I got paid that's all that matters  -Rose
TH13beast::your obviously some hater
ed9116::I just know Jimmy Butler deserves more playing time. Hawks got a good win at the right time. The hawks are the 4th-5th best team in the East. Very good game but don't expect Rose to score 8 points again this season with the leading scorer getting 16 and being the backup's backup.   Butler needs to become the #2 for the bench mob and CJ needs tp get traded while he still has value.
momo2deep::4th, 5th best team? That makes no sense. No such thing as 4th and 5th best. You are either best or bust! The Hawks  have a chance to be the BEST team in the league.
Jaguarcrazyboy::Good win by Hawks. Bulls were worn out coming in and Hawks took care of us quick.
antistratfordian::<i>Great</i> win by the Hawks.  They really needed it.
btpkk::why weren't Hawks worn out? they played back to back overtime games before this game
phatfour20::you call 2 games more on the road far and away more than anyone else? Atalanta had to travel between all 3 games! your just making excuses.
Nonaligned_::Chicago has played most away games in the league...gonna catch up with every team eventually...still, Atlanta will beat everyone if they continue to shoot lights out...
wasted_101::CHICAGO HOULD HAVE LOST TWICE TO THE HAWKS
wasted_101::CHICAGO AINT NOTHING BUT DROSE
perrypete::lol rose were better last year +/- without rose.  they are light years head defensively with him on the bench not to mention guys dont stand around on the offensive end because they have ball movement with rose out!
ed9116::That is hilarious. Luol Deng is one of the most under rated players in the league, by the fans. Not to mention as much as most Bulls fans hate Boozer he is still a very solid low post threat, along with Noah. To put the cherry on top lots of teams win with just one player.... and if I had one D. Rose would def be on that list.
1 Wk At a Time::Deng has stepped up this season.  There were games last season when they applied def. pressure on him and he would score in the single or low double digits. Most of those games ended up being Bulls losses.
Jaguarcrazyboy::LOL. Did you say this about CHI and Jordan too?
CosmoKramer1444::Pippen&gt;Deng Rodman&gt;Boozer Grant&gt;Noah Harper&gt;Rip
z28js::Paging Derrick Rose.. paging Derrick Rose.  There was an NBA game last night involving your team.
btpkk::Lucas out played him lol
lat404::There are 2 issues with this Hawks team, 1 they don't have a finisher and 2 they have mental lapses at times. Aside from that this is a very good team with arguably the deepest bench in the league. They should finish no less than a 3rd seed in the east, if they keep their mental.
memphisfan1992::Korver needs to start for SG for the bulls hes their best 3 point shooter and he puts up good points all the time off the bench why doesnt he get more playing time, even if hes not the best defender, Ronnie brewer can't score points like he can and hamilton is kinda old him and korver should split though... eh but what do i know
561soldier::Yes please start Korver when they play Miami so that Wade can put up 40 on the Bulls
Jaguarcrazyboy::33 ain't old.
zachrlee::The Hawks are slaying the giants early this season: first the Heat, then the Bulls.
561soldier::The Hawks can be good but they are so inconsistent. They look like they are completely different teams in different games like the Miami games and the Chicago games.
momo2deep::It starts and ends with JS making sound decisions around the basket. If he continues playing at this pace, then so sorry for the rest of the league.
phatfour20::Josh Smith is an overrated pierce of garbage....he chucks up more jump shots then he should be allowed too. If the Hawks plan on going anywhere they better start making him do laps for every jump shot he puts up!
stompied99::How did they lose 3 games already?  Beating the Heat and Bulls is impressive, but I just don't like how the Hawks occasionally just start chucking up garbage shots.  They do seem to be playing better defense this year, though.  Will be interesting to see if they stick with that level of intensity.
atlkee1787::Well they played the Heat and Bulls twice already and really should have won all 4 games
memphisfan1992::Yeah i think they are one of the elite teams in the league everyone just ranked the clippers up at top because chris paul and griffin the rest of the team is trash
53Kevin::All you fans on here celebrating a hawks REGULAR season win over the bulls are the same ones that run and hide when the bulls eliminated their $@%!$  from the playoffs.
ASaini91::Blah blah blah. This is the same Hawks team that just lost to the Heat sans Lebron and Wade a couple of nights ago but beat them when they did have Lebron and Wade. They're the most inconsistent team and one game means nothing unless its an elimination game in the playoffs
53Kevin::Half of you twits probally don't even like the NBA.
DABEARS9158::Eddy Curry is picked up by the Miami Heat as their "savior" and the man who will get them over the championship hump!  NBA, where Amazing Happens!
DABEARS9158::favorites?  They aren't even the favorites right now.  Maybe half of the nba talking heads picked the heat.  The other half picked the bulls for the east, while probably everyone picked OKC out of the west.
561soldier::Actually most of the ESPN "experts" picked the Heat to win it all probably 95% of them. Vegas still says the Heat are the favorites as well. OKC hasn't been playing that well recently. Miami has been the favorites and still are.
CosmoKramer1444::Find me the article where half of the ESPN analysts picked the Bulls.
abrescj::LOL you're delusional
abrescj::If the Heat would've kept last year's team intact they'd still be favorites..your posts just keep getting weaker and more childish..
53Kevin::I guese if I were a Hawks fan or any other team in Atlanta I would throw myself a big party after that win 2nite knowing that this is not the playoffs where they never win anything anyway.lol
momo2deep::@53Kevin of course we are happy! Like you would be if the Bulls won and were 8-1. They didn't win the Hawks did. Right know EVERY regular season win counts considering there are only 66 games this season. As far as a party, that's a little premature thinking that the Hawks will win the NBA championship game. But thanks for the support!
DABEARS9158::Well, to be fair, if it was 2004 with that horrible bulls teams we had without Rose, and we beat the lakers or something, we'd be pretty happy too.  You can't fault them for it.
