Patency1::SWEET
tnt2425::I do not want to play Phoenix or the Clippers in the first round.  Both are bad match-ups.
Resident_Guido::The refs were forced to make a lot of bad calls because Portland played with more energy and hustle from the start.   This was both Griffin and Paul's worst games of the season, and the Clippers still had a chance to win in the end in the craziest arena in the NBA. I can live with that.   You won't see either of them play as bad as they did last night.
Resident_Guido::P.S. G-Wall has always been a beast, bout time he's on a good team playing a meaningful role.
Resident_Guido::Credit Portland's D. They did a good job (mostly Camby) on keeping Griffin away from the basket in the half court, as well as getting back in transition.   Evans flopping? I thought he did a nice job hustling and scrapping for rebounds and loose balls. He's a 6'7 Power Forward, I have no problem with him throwing his body around to get a foul call, it's crafty as he's at a disadvantage size-wise.   Blake and Jordan on the other hand need to body-up and gets their hands straight up on D, especially against Aldridge who can shoot it from 15-20 feet.
Clipshow07::Blazers defense is certainly a huge factor. You guys are very long, strong and athletic. Again, the ignorant people who understated the Clips first win against the Blazers this year are morons (claiming that Portland sucks and they are missing Roy and Oden.) That's a bunch of garbage, the Blazers are one of the best teams in the NBA based on their length, strength and athleticism. They don't  need Roy or Oden. Aldridge is the most underrated player in the NBA and Felton is working out really well at the point, he's super fiery and quick. You guys have a very  nice team.
Clipshow07::Yeah, I disagree with you here a bit. This is one of the areas in which Del Negro is horrible - play calling and running the offense. I noticed in the 4th q coming out of a crucial timeout last night Paul turned the ball over because of what I thought was a lack of offensive play calling.
Resident_Guido::I thought Vinny did a great job last night. If you watched, they executed out of almost every timeout. The second quarter was the only quarter the Clips lost, and it had nothing to do with coaching.
demtral::Yeah, this Clipper team really seems like they'll be a true contender when they have some time to gel and when they get a new coach.
Clipshow07::Yes I really like Wallace, too. You guys are stoked, you have a super fun team to watch. I like Nate too as your coach. Del Negro is horrid and could be our downfall....
natesweet72::good to see an opponent's fan with a reasonable head on his shoulders. Then again, I can't ever remember getting into it with Clippers fans. Sharing the stadium with the Lakers as they do I think the fans of the Clippers automatically fill the opposite role of Lakers fans. Lakers fans being narcissists and loud mouths. You guys are humble in comparison.
demtral::Honestly, I think Wallace is more underrated than Aldridge, but yeah, Aldridge clearly is just as good as any PF in the league. Saying we don't need Roy and Oden is a little crazy, but yeah, we're still good without them.
natesweet72::Somehow it seems like teams top players are often having their worst games against the Blazers. I for one am believing it is because the Blazers defense puts them in that position. After hearing it so many times already it clearly can not be coincidence.
demtral::We are because Griffin and Evans were CLEARLY the two biggest floppers in the game. A lot of the league is also getting sick of Paul's constant complaining in and after games.
Clipshow07::Yes, great take Guido, well stated. I couldn't agree more. Paul complained about the flopping but he also claimed that they didn't play well and it was on him that the Clips didn't win. The flopping call was just out of frustration. Blazer fans are taking that comment and blowing it out of proportion.
Constantinius III::The Clippers were overrated before the season began, but it doesn't have to do with Paul/Griffin, though I've been consistently said that Paul looks nothing like his '07 - '08 self.   The problem is that they don't have an SG, of which Eric Gordon was one of the ballingiest, and also DeAndre Jordan is a complete black hole on offense save for transition buckets and putbacks.   They should not have match the GSW offer sheet for him, his contract is over time going to be recognized as crippling.  You pay $5 million a year for the block machine kind of player DeAndre is, not $10.5 million per.  Big mistake, along with trading EG.
demtral::heck, Okafor makes like 8+ and camby makes 10.5
demtral::yeah, at 22 or 23, whatever he is, you can't just let him walk when you have the cap space to spend.
Clipshow07::WOW, so Camby does make 10.5???????? DeAndre is well worth 10mil then with his upside and potential.
demtral::was tyson chandler, dalembert or noah? maybe not, but it's the going rate any more, like i said, it's the center tax now a days.
Clipshow07::It's called having a defensive presence and defensive regulator - every team needs one to be successful. Was Dennis Rodman worth $10million a year to the Bulls??? Was Charles Oakley worth 10mil a year to the Knicks? Camby obviously doesn't get paid $10mil a year for you guys but he serves the same purpose, defensive regulator and invaluable experience. DeAndre's upside and potential are 10x more than when Camby came into the league....
demtral::He might not be much on offense, but his presence on defense and rebounding are worth 10 million. They now just have to get him into the gym and make him shoot 1k free throws a day till he's over 60%. If Dalembert is worth 10 mil a year, so is Jordan, it's just the center tax.
AlbertoAugust::Paul's comments about the refs is hilarious!! He is one of the best actors on the court.  (And becoming one of the biggest whiners).    His comment was a way of digging at the refs without getting fined. And if you watched the game....it was Paul doing the flopping.
Clipshow07::I have to agree, Griffin has been doing some pretty bad Euro flops lately.
demtral::Evans and Griffin were clearly the two biggest floppers on the court last night, man those guys are cheap.
buller23::why have the clippers only played 7 games so far????? my bulls play their 12th game tonite and 8 have been on the road. . better  give david stern a call
demtral::Why? cause the Bulls get a really easy schedule and rest to end the season? oh noes!
pdxrovermech::"There was some bogus stuff that was going on out there but it's part of the game. I know those guys and they flop on you, but it goes like that sometimes."  - Paul  while there may have been some bad calls, none of them were from flopping. well except for that time when Paul was guarding Mathews, Paul flopped, and then tried to trip Mathews with his foot. So shut up Paul. You're not a superstar. Superstars dont look out of shape. Also you were completely ineffective even when you were in the game.
jahraffe3::"Stars" and true contenders don't make excuses. Paul deserved every one of the fouls called against him and to say we flopped and insinuate we're floppers is ludicrous. It's called using your feet, staying in front of your man, and getting to the spot quicker than you so-called "star." Such a poor loser comment it's funny.
jahraffe3::Felton after the game talking about tonight's game versus Orlando, "It's not going to be easy but we're not going to lay an egg like we did in Phoenix." Full accountability.
natesweet72::It is amazing how often we see the supposed stars sound like pathetic whiners when they don't play well. Not all of them but there a choice few. Paul has always been one of the incredulous whiners who just can't seem to believe that calls go against him. He was sloppy as hell last night and got outplayed enough that he was not in position to do anything but foul on many of those plays. A good and humble player would admit to not having a good night without calling out the other team or refs.
natesweet72::pretty ridiculous Paul talking about the Blazers flopping when 2 times at least Clippers players went down without any contact at all from a Blazer and got the whistle.
58rhodes::Go Blazers
Clipshow07::Blazer fans, PLEASE stop talking about the loss of Oden. He shouldn't even be mentioned in any conversation whatsoever!! He never has done anything and never will. He is a completely IRRELEVANT. You guys have an awesome team without him. PLEASE stop the "well, if we had Oden....." comments!!!!! He never did anything even in the few games he played.......
fourfootthug::Oden was playing around 24 minutes a game and averaged around 11 points, 8.5 rebounds, and over 2 blocks a game. He was hitting hook shots, banging bodies, and he improved at the free throw line (shooting about 76% at time of injury). That wasn't even telling the whole story. If you have watched Blazers games when Oden was still playing, you would notice just how much of a presence he was on the defensive end. Maybe not quite like Dwight Howard's presence, but you could tell guards were hesitant to drive into the lane with him guarding the basket. If he's a bust, then it's the injuries that caused that label to be thrown onto him, but certainly not because of his lack of skills and talent.
demtral::You can't possibly tell me that he wasn't looking like a dominant big man on the boards and on defense. Anything he gave us on offense was just bonus, but he was a beast like very few others in the league in the post on defense.
AlbertoAugust::Oden is like Roy.  The sooner they get (got) off the team, the better they will do.    Not saying Greg is bad, but just bad luck.
Farrally::WELL IF Oden heard you talk like this (Clipshow) I think he'd would politely disagree with you.... lol  Great win PORTLAND!
PortlandBlazers1004::He played less than 20 minutes but was very productive. Most centers don't even average what he did in 40 minutes. I'd say that's something.
mike_sully::AND 2 blocks, in only 20ish min a game....
tdawg44446::actually, he averaged 15 points and 10 boards before he got hurt. I wouldn't say that was "nothing"
Clipshow07::Portland is the proven LA black hole. They are so tough at home. I remember when the Clips won the first game this season, people were not giving the Clips props for that win saying that Portland was not a good team. It's amazing how many ignorant basketball fans there are. Portland is VERY GOOD even without their non--factor Oden and loss of Roy. Was glad to see Paul taking responsibility for his horrible game. Was proud to see the Clips not give up and make it really close down the stretch. The next two meetings this year will be dogfights! Congrats Blazers.
jahraffe3::Paul made excuses for his bad game and called us floppers.
CandySparker::I like Aldridge over troubled water.
PhillyPhil27::Philly fan here; pulling for the blazers to come out of the west
Farrally::Funny I would say between Philly and ATL for me from the east
snoogens1987::clippers suck. way to much hype for nothing. Billups and butler only ballers on the team. griffin sucks, and paul cries like a baby. Gotta say they will get better as they get more use to each-other but they ain't no where close to the blazers , clips will get lucky to get 8 seed if they make the playoffs at all
Farrally::Paul does whine tho... but yeah that was a little to much there
Clipshow07::Your are seriously basketball IGNORANT!
dutchjugs perth::your comments make you look like a $@%!$@!! bg32 is as hard working as they come... your basketball brain is the size of the condoms you buy at the chemist...... xtra small!!!
snoogens1987::clippers suck. way to much hype for nothing. Billups and butler only ballers on the team. griffin sucks, and paul cries like a baby. Gotta say they will get better as they get more use to each-other but they ain't no where close to the blazers , clips will get lucky to get 8 seed if they make the playoffs at all
Korisite::Clippers are STILL the Clippers; don't expect to be winning titles any time soon.
Clipshow07::Not until Sterling goes away!!
JCostalez::My fav call of the entire game was when Blake hurdled Wallace and Wallace got called for the foul... Boooyah hahaha whatever.... GO BLAZERS!!!!!! Lets beat them Orlando!
pdxrovermech::refs let it get a little physical which can only help the blazers. dare i say the blazers are a veteran team?
swaggamento916::blazers are pretty good i was sleepin on em
Thesith36::Thanks for the high scoring 2nd Half Clipps and Blazers !!!!
k_nak::Clippers will be rolling by mid-season.  Practically the entire team is new.  Griffin and Jordan might as well be new as the offense and D are completely different now.  No need to panic in what would have been a preseason game if the season was the same length as a usual season.  That being said, the Clippers defense and offense needs to start developing some sort of identity.  Seems like guys don't know where to go on offense and there seems to be a lot of one-on-one now.  Billups needs to pass the ball more.
swaggamento916::he should have be a laker they would be undefeated with the way kobes playing right now
Portlandallday::Idk why paul went to the clippers.. Lakers was a good choice.. but guess not.
swaggamento916::man am i the only one that notices the clippers suck i really thought this would work
Clipshow07::I'm I the only one that notices you are a complete DONKEY!!!!
timechange064::it may have worked if this was the Chris Paul of old. What was not reported on places like ESPN, when they were praising him as the point guard of his generation, is that he had a very mediocre year last year after coming off major knee surgery. So far, he seems to be very much  the Chris Paul of last year. The Chris Paul of a few years ago still hasn't made an appearance yet.
Superman81210::they're the clippers.
kbballin_5::They have no true SG, and NO BENCH.  They have solid starters, but are starting 2 pgs.  They need more depth.  They should have at least left eric bledsoe in the trade and pulled out eric gordon.
swaggamento916::man am i the only one that notices the clippers suck i really thought this would work
Esar7::CP3 more hot dogs, please!
Man From Knobstock::Wierd game. Look at the shot charts ESPN provides. Neither team shot mid-range shots at all. And I'm not talking about making those, I'm talking about taking them!
Farrally::Aldridge pretty much only shoots mid range jumpers normally....
sayheygiant::Almost all games are like that now. Only dunks and 3's are hep.
DaftShadow::chris paul already regretting his trade to the Clips?
pdxrovermech::no time. he spends it all complaining to the refs.
blazers3333333::waiting for him to start complaining for a trade.....
sportsfanbp1::a healthy Oden for the playoffs (5% probability) would mean the Blazers could contend with OKC for the Western Conference
JCostalez::We can contend with with them.....? how bout OKC can contend with Portland
pdxrovermech::i'm guessing a road win against OKC would mean we could already contend. win? i dunno, but contender is in the bag.
ImAllIn0824::cp3 assists and steals combined = 5, same amount as his fouls (5) and turnovers (5). not gonna win that way
Man From Knobstock::Yeah, well they're STILL the Clippers.
ImAllIn0824::blake griffin plays 38 min, has to get more than 2 ft's. go hard to the rim
Soonerhopeful1::That is a telling point....Griffin with only 2 free throw attempts.. he should be getting 10-15, from around the hoop. too much away from basket stuff.
masala716::and hella disappointing that memphis wasnt able to get the job done against OKC.
masala716::Blazers are a different team at home than on the road - see the blowout loss at Phoenix.  Yes, we beat OKC on the road, but that was because Gerald Wallace played well on the road.  He hasn't done that in any other road game.  I am not gonna judge this team till February 1st rolls around.  By then we will have finished our 6 game road trip, a back to back to back set, and we'd be a third of the way through the season.  Where we are then will be an indicator of what we are capable of this year.
Vanilla_Ice_1::L.A. Clippers &lt; L.A. Lakers
masala716::for now.
Huskies fan::I'm feeling that OKC and Portland are the top 2 in the West
Caylees_Vengeful_Spirit_5.0::BRICK CITY!!!
dbaerry::giffins overated, he cant ball with the big boys
dutchjugs perth::another clown who knows nothing about ball!!
BlazerSully::Did we light a fire under the sixers or what?  +16.9 pt differential on the season so far?  Thats insane.  I know they cant keep it up but thats pretty impressive so far.
Esar7::they're a poor man's Blazers..
BlazerSully::Clip fans, your problem is not Cp3 looking unlike himself, yet.  Your problem is a young buck in Griffen who doesn't know how to play in a set offense and only dominates in an up tempo game.  If (and its a big if) he ever learns to play a good 2 man game with Cp3 and be more involved in a half court game, this team could be very good with another piece or two.  Time will tell.  Griffen is stil a VERY raw talent.
127decibels::Agreed. Chris Paul will be 27 in a couple of months, should have another 5 years of top level play and another 3 years or so of pretty decent play. Meanwhile Griffin will be getting better. But...  Is it me or is Griffin the shortest 6-10 player in the NBA? He looks more like 6-8, maybe 6-9.  Maybe it's just that he's built like a truck, I don't know.
PartyLikeACaveman::gonna hit the hay, good luck blazer fans
DucksRUNPac12::If oden can come back and get healthy, like he probably will. This blazer team can do some serious damage in the playoffs....can't wait! Rip City Uprise!!!
127decibels::I think Portland is just sitting on him and we'll see him with about 5-10 games before the playoffs. They're hoping he can contribute down the stretch. That's my guess.
trailblaze215::not going to rag on a guy for being injured, but it feels as though he doesn't want to play in portland anymore and wants to move somewhere else
trailblaze215::haha i dont' know. indiana maybe, miami?
BlazerSully::No, I think he does want to play in Portland, his body just wont let him.  He's been on record several times saying he loves Portland.  Where else is he gonna go, the Cavs?
kdoggizzle::I actually think he'll come back, but since he hasn't played in ages, I think he's gonna be an ineffective 7 footer who just takes up space on the court.
BlazerSully::Please stop hoping Oden will come back.  You'll only end up disappointed again.  I've rode that train long enough and it's time to move on.  The dude got the legs of an 80 year old.
PartyLikeACaveman::and the face to match
trailblaze215::not going to happen unfortunately
wayde1213::top 3 teams in the west belong to the northwest division suck on that
mtwolf55::4 out of the top 6 teams in the West are from the Northwest Division.
kholief::Got to admit I'm really liking the Blazers so far , If you ever manage to get Oden back this is a Championship team.
wayde1213::even without him i thin the blazers are a top 3 team in the west
trailblaze215::hope so but thats not gonna happen
Mike43635::yea yea think what u want,    do u even know that he trys to  get back on the court and is working hard to.. injuries happen, people like u make me laugh are u even a blazer fan or follow them, or just assume
leftyman39::Oden made his money and hardly played. I don't see him coming back. He's just collecting a check to keep the bench warm.
127decibels::Don't be shocked if the Blazers bring him back with 5-10 games in the season and prep for the playoffs. All he needs to do is stand there, play defense and rebound. That's it.
mloballer::cp3 is not the same... his stats continue to plummet.
mloballer::same problem in NO, he stopped taking over games
mloballer::clips are still 4-3, he should be doing more.
kdoggizzle::That's cuz he isn't as athletic as he used to be. Remember, before all his knee injuries, he dunked on Dwight Howard. One more knee surgery and he's gonna end up like Brandon Roy.
PartyLikeACaveman::he is sharing the ball with billups and williams, but he is still taking over games at the end when given the opportunity
BlazerSully::He looks about 20+ pds overweight.
127decibels::Felton looks overweight too...  But for some reason, the guy just keeps getting it done.
PartyLikeACaveman::true
Esar7::Man Blake Griffin's hair was on fire there towards the end... Oh wait it's always been
truesportfanman::Watch out Clipps, Kobe just dropped 48 on nash and the suns, way over 50% shooting! Lakers on top!
trailblaze215::lakers suck
BlazerSully::Damn, cant stand Kobe but that was a monster night.
BlazerSully::Shaq shooting FT's &gt; Griifin/Jordan shooting FT's
Jono Lee::Hey, Jordan DID make two straight tonight. That counts for something right?
wayde1213::jordan was 2-4 and griffin was 0-2 combined 2-6 shaq could have done better himself
wayde1213::shaq retired the nba avg ft percentage went up by 8 percent fact. then came jordan and griffin
kdoggizzle::Shaq probably could beat Deandre Jordan in FT shooting.
fasdfasdfdf68::Brian Cook -14 +/- in 5 minutes.  anyone know why he's still in the league
PartyLikeACaveman::the clips have a rookie thompkins who will get cooks minutes soon, but maybe rip city was too intense for the youngster... but i dont know what VDN is thinking
mmoore2144::Yep
mmoore2144::Pretty sure he has dirt on several league and team execs.
wayde1213::thats whats happens when you spend a lot on cp3
fasdfasdfdf68::that doesn't stop them from signing a league minimum D leaguer, which would be better than Cook.
Megatron 2.0::gs making a comeback against the heat....trolls unite!!
BlazerSully::Oden &gt; griffin/Jordan
mmoore2144::Don't forget Sam Bowie
BlazerSully::Morre, It's a joke dude, lighten up.
kdoggizzle::And Lamarcus and Roy in the same season.
wayde1213::blazers have had there fair share of great drafts like clyde walton etc
mmoore2144::Man, you guys really must grow some great sh.it up there.
BlazerSully::Sorry, Bowie &gt; any clipper in history................happy? :)
BLVF90::Washington Wizards win their first game!!!!!!!!!! Do I here a Playoff Hopeful?
BLVF90::Hear*
Megatron 2.0::in the east of course they have a chance
