Jamal Moyer::Every sport team in Miami is mediocre
Steve Ungar::Two straight NBA titles is mediocre?  Sure, hater, I guess your team did better the past two years?
Nick Spudie::Steve Ungar lol
Alan Ogg::marlins winning in 97 after being born in 93 and then again in 2003 with the lowets payroll in the MLB?  Dolphins undefeated season,  2x superbowls  Panthers making NHL finals 3 years after being born.  kk, next.
Alan Ogg::hahaha funny how regular season 'doesn't matter' now that the heat are up in a game...
Steve Harvey::It doesn't, Indy is going to manhandle Miami in the Playoffs this year. Especially since they (Indy) are going to have home court advantage.
Jabari Akil::Steve Harvey They locked up the 1st seed?
Steve Harvey::Jabari Akil Cmon now Miami will not finish ahead of Indiana, they are just simply not the better team.
Caleb Clayton::lebron is gonna score a triple double lets go heat
Saikiran Annapureddy::Can you tell me who will win the finals with you psychic powers?
Jamie Whittimore::Didn't happen. ....yet
Jamie Whittimore::Good try. A few rebounds short.
Chelo Mejias::Miami is an absolute fraud, go 76ers!
Alan Ogg::Hows the hummus habbibi?
Steve Ungar::Hey Chunko, Salem New Hampshire is an absolute fraud, it isn't even the REAL Salem.  And the fact that you are still reading a children's book like the Outsiders shows that you would not know a fraud unless you looked in a mirror, moron.
Alan Ogg::Steve Ungar chill out man, hes arab. give him a break lol  305 Kendal MIA FL
Aaron Starr::Rooting for another Heat loss!
Steve Ungar::Does it bother you that your life revolves around hatred for other human beings based on the uniform they wear?  Or that of the 38 times you have rooted for a loss, you have been WRONG 27 times?  You truly need to get help, hater, your disgusting world view is in need of adjustment.
Aaron Starr::This type of reply makes my day. Lol. I'm well aware of the psychological impact that in-groups have upon their members. What out-groups do you hate on Stevie boy?
Steve Ungar::Aaron Starr I don't hate, but I do feel pity for fools like yourself, who find a need to hate people just for their successes.  If you actually help others, as described at Stone Belt, I find it odd that you would turn around and attack others like that.  You are not a 76ers fan, you are just here to troll and instigate.  That would be like me posting on your company website a sick joke about your patients.  I am neither a patient nor an employee, and therefore, any comment by me there would be an act of unnecessary hostility, just as your comment is.  And I also pity folks that misuse psychological terms like in-groups versus out-groups.  You are not a member of either group, you are an individual, you are attempting to introduce groups to diffuse your own responsibility for your actions, but it does not work since it is in your name, and your name only.
Alan Ogg::Hilarious how the 'haters' come out of nowhere Mid january but completely GHOST after the 27 wins. Hilarious huh? that even after 3x nba finals, 2 of them won, that people still have nothing better to do than criticize the best player in the world.   It's sad. sometimes I wish we didn't have facebook and other social networking that way we didnt give idiots a way to have their voices heard.
Bryan Spencer::More hilarious how much smack you talk about the WWE/NBA franchise that's the only pro sports teams worth a 3 inch turd... nobody will miss your crybaby act if you don't post no more maam, since you don't like it and all
Alan Ogg::Bryan Spencer enjoy Joel Anthony you puke
Bryan Spencer::Not a Celtic fan so I don't care. My team is the Lakers, who suck right now... It happens vaggie
Steve Ungar::Heat lose, and there are 900 comments from the usual obsessed haters.  Heat win, and it falls to only 200, from the most chronic of the losers like Miss Choco and her boyfriend.  Thank God the Heat won, and did it with class, or this thread would be full of lies and garbage from these losers.
Nick Rice::LeBron for MVP, tonight proves it more
Jazmine Ortiz::Jeffrey Gregory who else then?
Nick Rice::Probably a Melo fan, how'd he do tonight? Lol
Jazmine Ortiz::Jeffrey Gregory chris paul isn't even playing right now if the twolves don't make the playoffs no way love will get mvp and curry really?
Zach Batizy::Heat might pull off the upset
Emerson King::Upset?? Sure, the Heat have been playing poorly the past 3 games, but this blowout is nothing near an upset. The Sixers literally have the reverse record of Miami...
Hamsar Sumagka Pagayao::why is it when the heat was massacred by the wiz, heat fans were nowhere to be found?  I guess supporters are different from fans
Jabari Akil::Who are you? I'm here every game win or lose, until it gets crowded with people that troll the boards up and down.
Hamsar Sumagka Pagayao::Jabari Akil I just feel bad when the game between heat and wiz, no one supports heat in the board.
Jeffrey Nicholas::Hamsar Sumagka Pagayao That wasn't true, because there were quite a few of us commenting on Oden playing at the potential come back.   There were more Pacers fans trolling than there were Wizards fans, who were griping about how officiating was somehow responsible for them blowing most of a 35 point lead.
Steve Harvey::Heat fans established July 8, 2010..... Extinct July 2014 When LBJ leaves
Rob Loveday::I guess that's the new thing for people to say. First LBJ couldn't win a title, then he couldn't win a title in a full season. Now they resort to speculation about what he *might* do in 7 months. Pretty sad. And you want to talk about bandwagon fans? Look up the Bulls attendance during their down years compared to the MJ years.
Steve Harvey::Rob Loveday you know what's pretty sad?? Pathetic Heat bandwagon fans like yourself, go to sleep chump.
Jabari Akil::Never seen someone hate a player for taking smart shots.
Steve Ungar::Then you just need to stick around a Heat thread for a bit.  They hate on LeBron for not shooting, saying that he is a afraid of the challenge.  That myth got disproven multiple times in the Finals over the past two years, but they will still bring it up anyway.
Ho Lee Fuk::is it me or does lebron care way too much about shooting 50%
Jeffrey Nicholas::Is it me or does Carmelo Anthony care way too much about scoring 30 points?  Look, the Heat are up by 24, so without some kind of qualifier its a pretty weird comment to make. If they were losing tonight while he was taking the same number of shots, I might agree with you, but that's not the case.
Jabari Akil::What player in the NBA doesn't want to shoot efficiently?
Ho Lee Fuk::well it looks like u guys took my comment out out of context, please take lebron's dick out your mouths next
Saikiran Annapureddy::GL to 6ers but lets pick up this win and this skid Heat
Ray Waterman::Go 76ers, beat the Heat!!!!
Kervin Vancol::Let's go heat.
Marc Huggard::I'm just happy that the Heat finally took a losing team seriously.  They've been losing to losers all season and beating the cream.
Steve Ungar::That's what happens when you coast, and hold back three startes like they did against the Nets.
Jeeves Sritharan::at least stick around for important games
Jeffrey Gregory::Steve Ungar weren't the mighty Nets missing 2 starters?
Steve Ungar::I wish some 76ers fans would post here, they at least have a reason to be here, unlike ray waterboy and aaron stalker.
Cameron D. Larson::Everyone the second your LeBron leaves u guys and goes back to the cavs your precious little heat wont be much of a team.
Steve Ungar::Everyone, the second Jordan left his precious little Bulls weren't much of a team. And, the second Durant leaves your precious little Supersonics, I mean Thunder, won't be much of a team, either.  Your point is known.  But why bring it up in a 76ers versus Heat thread?  It isn't even a concern at this point, let the season play out.
Cameron D. Larson::Steve Ungar well first off does it really matter where I bring things up who cares and second at least we know that KD is going to be loyal to his team and has showed no sign of leaving, while LeBron has been talking about leaving Miami and going back to Cleveland I swear before he even arrived in Miami so that will hopefully shut u up.
Steve Ungar::Cameron D. Larson Wait, so it is an open forum for YOU even though it is not about your Thunder, but I have to shut up when I am actually a Heat fan on a Heat thread?    Your double standards of free speech for haters but no speech for fans are rejected.    Even IF LeBron leaves, I will still be a Heat fan, since I was one before he got here.  But I bet you were not a Thunder fan before Durant, hypocrite.
Jabari Akil::If you "hate" a team? Why comment on something with the team involved in it? Do you guys not have a life?
Alan Ogg::they are kids Sir
Nick Rice::None of which are playing better than LeBron, haha your wrong. Haters be stupid
Alanzo Joel::Let's go Heat!!!!...just limit them to just 76....lol
William Cutting::Congrats to the  clown heat for beating up on the 76ers
Alan Ogg::but if they lost its the end of the world? make up your mind.
Justin Porter::Hope Oden gets another 8 mins tonight in a win.
Cameron D. Larson::Dude oden really the guy drafted above KD what a joke!
Justin Porter::Cameron D. Larson if healthy i believe Oden would be better than Durant right now
Steve Ungar::Cameron D. Larson We did not draft him, so if it is a joke, it is not on us.  The Heat are the ones that are helping his career though when nobody else wanted him.  Same as we have done for Ray Allen, Chris Andersen, and Micheal Beasley.
Caleb Clayton::i wonder whos gonna win ....HEAT
