ImAsianlola::let make this simple  NYK beat OKC  rocket beat NYk this game OKC may not win
ImAsianlola::who say OKC lead 20+ ur dumb u know rocket beat knicks 30+ lead
RNYC::Lin played well last night.  First good game since game 1.  maybe this is the start of something
NguyenDragon::He is gradually getting better... I like the fact Houston's backcourt has 20 plus assists...
Takeiteasy9394::More fun to watch now!
tfloyd66::jesus christ i remembered lowry being alot better then the thug that showed up last night
walle D_ D::Thought he played last game?
NguyenDragon::To be fair it is his first game back from an injury...
NguyenDragon::So all these PGs that are supposed to be taking Lin's lunch aren't doing so good?  Coincident?
Jeremy Lin Forever::10 assists 16 points EQUALS  Greatness AKA Jeremy Lin AKA #1 PG ;)
setrue::Knee still healing, when completely 100%, he will be the Lin we saw during Linsanity.
NguyenDragon::He needs more games like this before I start declaring him #1 PG... I do like his aggressiveness lately though...
Rich_Cimini::Asik grabbed 18 boards.  Asik &gt; Dwight Howard
asian-balla::over dh?  crazy..... freakin homer
walle D_ D::rebounding wise maybe, everything else hell no, except free throws.
NguyenDragon::He is worth every penny...
JustinTimeHeHe::Rockets startig 5  is unpredictable. never know who will step up this time around. Patterson looked good
NguyenDragon::He if finally playing to the level we were hoping for...
JohndoMEnow1::KOBE clutch three with the FLU, give him some slack! respect!!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K-zMsnIskOg
JustinTimeHeHe::Terrence Ross had a GREAT GAME. Lowry is back from the injury?
NguyenDragon::He was overcome by the great defense of Lin... I am joking but Lin's D has improved greatly...
gemsterq1967::Using a betting system called sportsbettingstar. I make over 3k a month following this system. If you search sports betting system on google you can find this system there. If you bet you gotta see this.
vonsteve6868::Good overall game and win, Rockets. I know it was against a 3-11 team (now 12), but still a solid outing.
NguyenDragon::Its an accomplishment whenever you blowout another NBA team...
woodylamb::Terrance Ross is looking good. Promising rookie.
I81OICU812::Lin shut down both Lowry and Calderon......  Each had a moment, but most of their damage was with Lin on the bench.  By the way, Lin should have had 17 points.  He shot a clear 3 that was ruled a 2 but was never reviewed.
asian-balla::wouldnt use the phrase "shut down"....  and stop licking lin's a5s son
JustinTimeHeHe::It was Lowrys first game back man
johndomenow::KOBE clutch shot with the flu, give the guy some respect!!! WE WILL MISS YOU!!!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K-zMsnIskOg
EliteCapper::Linsanity!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
NguyenDragon::Lets stop with the Linsanity...
bwc2000::This is no linsanity.. linsanity is if he has 20 and 10... but new linsanity should be even more insane.. 20 10 10 or 30 20.
JorgeJorge24::Rockets are traveling NOW to Minnesota, to atend the Sasha Funeral at morning, and expect to arrive on Oklahoma at 3:30 noon to atend the game at 7:30 (Oklahoma time).
liling3245::great win. go rockets. if we lose 10pts tomorrow, i will be ok.
NewcastleFanVL::Rox clearly got a pair of starting combo guards, quite unique.
SCHMIDTY685::does asik still have sloppy hands? he fumbled the ball a lot in chicago. im still mad we let him go though
degjoe06::Yea I read those comments about him from CHI fans, but he has not shown that at all with the ROX. He has better hands when it comes to catching a pass and rebounding than Yao ever had.I am\was Yao fan and that always frustrated me about his game. But no, Asik has been solid all the way around.
miasports1113::he scored for the raptors on a rebound he bobbled tonight...but other than that he's been great
zachrlee::Rockets dominated most of the game, except toward the end of the 3rd and the start of the 4th quarter where they slacked off and turned the ball over carelessly. Overall, very efficient game on both ends of the floor by the Rockets. Then again, this is Toronto Raptors, hardly a measuring stick for any team's progress.
jason_bautista::Yup but could be the spark Rockets are looking for.
Blazelover13::I strongly think that the Rockets' starting five can be one of the best in the league with Harden, Lin, Asik, Patterson, and Parsons. It's the weak bench that worries me, along with the Rockets' defense. Some nights, they look like a strong playoff team. Other nights, they look over-matched. I hope as the season progresses, the team bands together and becomes stronger. Go Rockets!
NguyenDragon::The bench doesn't get enough playing time to develop... I don't mean Douglas... He is garbage...
Pewetang::There not a bad team..but lack of defence will make it hard for them to win against good teams, them beating the Knicks some wat of a fluke but a good win since knicks gave up Lin. who is a great assist/defence player.
NguyenDragon::Serioulsy?  Knicks are not that good...
endless73::Did the Rockets win tonight?  Sorry, I couldn't watch the game tonight since I don't have COMCAST!
jeremyG1995::then get comcast fool
Hard Working-Alpha Male-Jackhammer-Merciless-Insatiable::Marcus Morris!!!!  F.O.E.
jeremyG1995::Harden and Asik to the Western Conference All-star team. They really deserve it.
jason_bautista::Hopefully also Lin soon... I'm betting next year.
jason_bautista::jeremyG1995 - ya that would be nice but realisticly hes not deserving over CP3, Westbrook, or Dragic in the West  That's why I said next year but who knows, there are still some games to play before December.  If what I'm seeing is correct, his game is on its way up.  Knees are better each day hopefully.
jeremyG1995::ya that would be nice but realisticly hes not deserving over CP3, Westbrook, or Dragic in the West
lo0o0ong::Lin finally showed up for once.
NguyenDragon::Ignore the hater...
jason_bautista::He also showed up for the Knicks game.
swagcityhooptown::have u only watch one game?
dannylko1.3::he also showed up in the hawks game.
3rdCoastTexan281::Between Lin and Harden, they had 40 pts, 22 assists, 10 rebs and 6 steals
3rdCoastTexan281::Asik - 13 points, 18 rebounds, 2 assists and 2 steals - not too shabby either
IamMrBob::I'm really looking forward to the Rockets vs. Thunder game
jason_bautista::Last season's Rockets is gone.  This version is almost entirely new except for a player or two.  This will be different.
jeremyG1995::true
jeremyG1995::me too Rockets actually beat them 3-2 in the season series last year so it should be interesting
h537300::Once Harden passes,Rockets get unstoppable.
jason_bautista::Harden is playing PG sometimes for the Rockets.
jeremyG1995::12 assists this game and averaging 5 a game is among the league leaders at the 2 guard position so idk what ur smoking buddy cause he drops some beautiful dimes
BXwarriorBX::the lin love gets me sick
vonsteve6868::Your Lin hate makes me laugh.
Paul Apoundstone::New Porkers mad at the loss.  That game against Houston was a catalyst of things to come. Thanks once again Knicks for always creating something grandeur for the asian persuasion.   "Check my pool in the back."
dannylko1.3::and yet you're here so....
rEdBuLxTaSy::"CHEER UP...HERE, HAVE A CHEESEBURGER"  ~~ FATON :):):)
HeatWill3peat::Ok I like Lin but the Lin lovefest on this board is beginning to be kind of feminine...
walle D_ D::dfhjksdfhhf fdhg hjher   rehwehhf   fjhwef, fhhw! fhjehfehdfhs?  dhdfjwfjhc; ghfhwhjhf                    oops, sorry! i had Lin's dick in my mouth, what I meant to say was:                you should hop on this Lin dick it's the new pot. Lebrons is the old fad, get with lindicksanity.
YaImFromCleveland::get off lebron's d i c k
dannylko1.3::seriously.  Whether it's for Lin, Lebron, Melo or Kobe....the riding is feminine.
Solid Lennon 8::You know, OKC got Toronto's first round pick this year in the Harden/K-Mart/etc. trade. An OKC man to the end, Harden did his part in getting Toronto some more lottery tickets so the Thunder can use Toronto's pick on a proper replacement.
degjoe06::I think it is either top 5 or top 3 protected and it is supposed to be a weak draft according to the "experts". If it falls in whichever it is then it rolls over to the following year.
rEdBuLxTaSy::TOMORROW GONA BE A GOOD TEST FOR THE YOUNG ROCKETS
rEdBuLxTaSy::WESTBRICK GONA SHOOT UP ALL CYLINDERS :):):)
rEdBuLxTaSy::I BELIEVED IF LIN PLAYS LIKE WESTBRICK, HE COULD PULL OFF 16 PPG 8 AST 6 REBS 3 STLS 1BLK FOR THE SEASON :):):)
rollintides74::Using a betting system called sportsbettingstar. I make over 3k a month following this system. If you search sports betting system on google you can find this system there. If you bet you gotta see this.
cody zellers nose looks like a dick::can Toronto please be executed from the NBA?
Marcovsky25::until the end of 3rd quarter Toronto play like a NBDL  team,
Marcovsky25::until the end of 3rd quarter Toronto play like a NBDL  team,
bleeacbc::They are starting to gel and getting all players involved.  I like that harden is willing to spread the scoring as well.  Wow, Lin and harden are paying huge dividens.   Asik has steadily improved offensively because he is getting the ball!  Lin's unselfishness is contagious and the team is now playing as a team.  Wow, such a young team with so much potential.  It's truly exciting times for the Rockets.
pistol111847::You said "Lin's selfishness is contagious". That is a great observation! Unselfishness leads to wins and sometimes championships. It is the intangible value of having someone like Jeremy on your team. Team chemistry is more important than anything else!
NoonGame::they are the youngest in the league. May be the GM knows what he's doing lol...Harden is a beast and put up MVP numbers...
James Harden 3 point Celebration::dang, did Harden run point tonight lol
asian_balla::harden is definitely less selfish than westbrook
rEdBuLxTaSy::I'M FINE WITH HARDEN JACKING UP SHOTS IF HE COULD PULL 10+AST EVERY GAME :):):)
cityhunter4::Burst and aggressiveness, the old Lin is coming back....
marcmo06::yyeh i agree but in 3 years when hes up for another contract.. you think 10 points a game and 6 ast is gna get him another contract??
Glenagglenag::well he might play differently during his contract year, now he's just recovering from his injury.
rEdBuLxTaSy::LET'S HOPE HE'S SMART ENOUGH TO REALIZE THAT.  MOST PEOPLE KNOW THE NBA IS ALL ABOUT MONEY, THAT'S WHY THEY JACK UP SHOTS NIGHT AFTER NIGHT :):):)
NewcastleFanVL::I like the fact that he cares more about the team than his stats.
NoonGame::very unselfish player.
rEdBuLxTaSy::NOW IF ONLY HE COULD TAKE 15 SHOTS PER GAME...THAT WOULD SEAL THE DEAL :):):)
Phatepiclewts::He's the point guard. Nobody has to allow him to shoot.  He took so few shots because he was only shooting when he had good looks. Good shot selection, pass off the ball to scorers when he's tied up or penetrating.
Glenagglenag::agreed when he's shooting like 80% he should be allowed to shoot more, brick some should be ok, 50% is good enough, but i guess he prefers assists.
JaySizzle23::Rockets have been playing very hard last 2 games for McHale. So if you're a coach and you wanna win you hope your daughter dies
jeremyG1995::i was liking your comment till that last part. that was pretty sick
Paul Apoundstone::One of the worst posts on the webernets. And the three likes that are attached to it is what provokes such callowness.   Really breighs?!   yeah, it must have been tough growing up without a father.... but being a parent and watching your seed pass away; tell me how it feel?  .
TX rainman::Seriously there's just lines that don't need to be crossed, there's no reason for that here man
NoonGame::wait until you lost your loved one...then you know...
rickobeast::sick   kkkkkoooooooooooooo
dannylko1.3::...
ScrewedUpTexan713::What happen to Lowry I thought he was gonna tear Lin up today but I was wrong big time lol
cityhunter4::Maybe because Lin is better than you think and Lowry is worst than you think?  By the way, this isn't the first time Lin had the better of him....
Glenagglenag::because lin played better? some rox fans are funny, they can't believe lin played better than their beloved lowry, as if he's still one of their players and jlin's not.
dannylko1.3::not sure why people say this was Lin's best game this season.  I thought that was Game 2 against the Hawks with a near triple double.
pistol111847::His stupid interim coach also said that
CharlesL.1985::he had a way better shooting percentage this game compared to vs hawks
Glenagglenag::probably because he's shooting 7-9, but that's an unrealistic expectation, no player can do that every night except centers.
Sportsfan_trollbasher::well this was his best game after his slump in form ...
ScrewedUpTexan713::probley since its been awhile lol
NoonGame::I think this is his best shooting nite almost at 80%.
Yu_Darvish_and_Ichiro::same here...
BronCoswaGgg777::Whats up no lifers????
Ismael0627::Kyle Lowry called, he wants to be traded again.
John345781::he's a free agent next year
NoonGame::Rockets have a real test tomorow in okc.
sportsfan1014::right, need to watch out for Westbrick
BasketballTensai::hey Jeremy Lin played pretty good in this game. That's nice.
Setru::Never mine n88nic06 who is still butthurt Lin is no longer a Knick.  The love of his life now is FATON who shot 3-19 in Nets game.  If Lin is a bit player in his eyes then he should see his boy FATON as rec league player.
n88nick06::If they played the Raptors every night he'd be great, LOL.  Raptors one of the worst teams in the league.  Harden is the Superstar of that team, Lin is just a bit player.  Decent point guard I guess, but nothing special.  He'll never be an all-star.
pistol111847::You are a hater, an idiot and a poor judge of basketball talent. HaHa Lin is good loser!!
Glenagglenag::are you a fortune teller?  you don't even know how you would end up.
jly.espn::He's not even taking as many shots as Harden.  Imagine his #'s if he shot more.
Glenagglenag::what are you talking about, he's shooting very well this game that means if he took as many shots as harden he could score more with a better %. but he's a team player and unselfish guy, he prefers assists and win more than his own scores.
jscmedia::If Lin can bring that almost every night he's worth it. I think he is just now getting that extra burst back. it makes all the difference. He's pretty athletic.
Glenagglenag::no one can shoot like 7-9 every night.  50% shooting is good enough. you ask too much.
Undisputed Heavyweight World Champion::He's quick and heady. As you said, if he plays like he did tonight more often then he's worth his deal.
dwade grater den jordan::Most pashonate/intense sports: 1.nba- nuff said 2.nfl- so fun 2 watch, wear some pads tho, refs sux now 3.mlb- need more runner catcher cantact adn 50 year olds can play like moyer 4 lacroise 5.nhl- way 2 many pads and fights suck, sissys if u ask me   just my 2 sense tho take it or leave it. ur ranks?
partygeorge::What about soccer?
TK729::Your user name says it all  I think we know how much your opinion matters
VanCityRep::you're an idiot.
knicks_11::shut up man
knicks_11::btw on that asik comment  i was talking on behalf of the bulls. how the contract was way too much for them to match it  so all the rockets fans get off my b.alls
rEdBuLxTaSy::OMG LIN'S A BEAST...SHOOTING 80%  :):):)
VanCityRep::Can we pillage your basketball team like the Jays did with the Marlins?
sportsfan1014::well, at least Jays played well against Yankees last season.
sportsfan1014::lol, nothing sweeter than beat $ankees &amp; Red Basement..
gri400::true, and the red sox as well (well... everybody did that), if they can be competitive against tampa that would be huge. Even if we just have a .500 record against them (or even a game or two below that) it'll be a good step up
gri400::we'll settle for the thunder... or the heat, they play in Miami after all
gri400::nice :)
VanCityRep::oh sick, so your like my age haha, Good to hear!
gri400::australia, moved here when i was 11
VanCityRep::where did you move to N.A. from, gri?
sportsfan1014::looks like Jays will hold those Red Sox in the basement again next season
gri400::it's a work in progress, but they've taken great steps forward so far
sportsfan1014::step by step, unless Jays have O's magic in them
gri400::I'LL SETTLE FOR A WILDCARD
VanCityRep::I WANT FIRST BABY!
VanCityRep::please?
