BillyCrashCraddock::.
BillyCrashCraddock::.
kabokeyz::Bring Melo back.!!
VincetheGee::I don't get it. Kawhi Leonard goes out there and proves he is the fourth best player on the team, being really the only one who played a good game (great game, really) against Portland. Then, with a twenty point lead heading into the fourth, he plays a grand total of two minutes. I just don't understand that decision. Put the kid in and let him play.
paul2285::My Nugz are tough to watch right now, and rumour has it Wilson Chandler is thinking about sitting out the rest of the year and testing out free agency. That sucks cuz they need that dude for the 2nd half of the season.
naddarians::that rumor is false wilson likes denver
slam_dunk_on_u::spurts are one and done in the playoffs mark my words, they are the new "Regular Season" team kinda like the Suns and Mavs a few years ago.
NOVABuffalo::interesting ..... Spurs troll, guess that means Spurs are serious championship material.
Bexindy55::Well its obvious that this troll has anger management issues.  He has no credibility, just prejudicial opinion.
Bexindy55::Haha.  Why does it not surprise me to see you here buddy.  You troll on every Spurs board, even their homepage, and mock them out of personal prejudice.  Why don't you just tell us which of the teams in the NBA that the Spurs beat is yours?
jayeteee::LOL. Slam_dunk, weren't you the one who posted the Spurs would lie down again for the Nuggets? Your credibility gets weaker w/ every post.
The_Devlin::If 100% healthy (and that's a big IF) the Spurs can play with any team in the league come playoff time.  No team in the west is dominant.  ANd if we keep home court advantage in the 1st rd I don't see the Spurs getting upset this year.
mark35345::The Spurs could easily get dismantled in the playoffs by a lower seed this year too. Maybe the Rockets? This preseason is tired already.
NOVABuffalo::Spurs won championships by beating higher seeds, so perhaps you are right.  It's about who is playing better and still getting better.  It's not that hard to figure.  It does seem the Spurs will be in the post season tournament, still plenty of room for other teams to fall back.
Zo3313::If they stay healthy they wont get dismantled. remember last year Manu broke his elbow in the last game of the season. Every team would struggle if their main player got hurt
jerclr06221996::Paging Mr Kupchak, Mr Kupchak - we have a potential for Pau!!!!
c5a1t3s::wow i've never seen so much hate on the nuggets. (see below comments)  3 of our starters ARE hurt.  that's not an excuse, that's just a simple fact.  this denver team is a blue-collar bunch of guys that always keep their heads up. i would think of all the fans in the league, spurs fans could appreciate that.
Dougtown352::Why doesn't Corey Brewer get more playing time? If you look at his past games when he gets over 20 minutes he's averaging around 15 pts/game..I dont understand the logic in Denver..Im not a Denver fan but I went to UF with Brewer and buddy has the talent to get solid minutes and he will produce
jayeteee::George Karl runs a very chaotic form of nothing.
denveraic::Bad excuse that the Nuggets are injured. Spurs, no Manu, no Splitter, Neal left hurt, Leonard left hurt, and no T.J. Ford. But you still got worked. BTW, I was at that game last night, and it was 1/3 Spurs fans. Loved it!!!
hookemzuniga1022::where is the guy that said "someone different on the spurs beats you every night."  he was a genius.. \  o wait that was this guy
mjoskar::Who is that guy if Duncan, Parker and Ginobli all sit out. Ask the players of Portland for the answer.
Bexindy55::Spurs pretty much played their 3 stringers in the Portland game bro.  Pop even kept the minutes of their 2nd stringers down.  Its funny to see the Nugs fans' comments at the beginning of the game saying that this was going to be a beat down...then once the Spurs built a double digit lead, the comments quickly kicked into "...well our best players are hurt" mode.  I have nothing against the Nuggets, actually feel sorry for them that the Spurs take them out every year.  Hopefully they'll beat them one of these days, maybe in the postseason and get back at them like the Suns finally did.
yelsob42::your rebuttal makes no sense.
nba is the worst::Denver running out of players
jayeteee::The all star break couldn't come soon enough for these down trodden Nuggets. Anybody up for a coaching change?
azwildatz::I started betting on sports last year and tried a few pros for picks and never had any real luck. I stumbled upon a sports betting system called sportsbettingstar.com a few months ago. It is a 2 game betting system but I have won more money using this system than any other system I have tried so far. I am making the income of a part time job now just following this system. Thought I would share this if anyone out there is trying to find a betting system that actually works
THEOCHO88888::san antonio could have gone undefeated in this rodeo trip....but of course pops dont give a $@%! about regular season games. haha its all about management
pjfitone::lakers can beat anyone in the west easily
Bexindy55::Haha.  This is the same thing I heard last year before the sweep. Hilarious.
denveraic::That's not what OKC said last night.
jkippes379::you mean the Lakers with no depth, leadership, or management?
stoneyrock17::ummm... no
arsenal1470::test
gowild123442::the twolves will be passing u denver in a matter of time
armyhutchinson1968::Denver should have at least told their fans they were going to start their "all star" break a game earlier... if you can't get up to play a good team like SA... go find a city and play in the D League..... ;^) thunder up!! kaboom!!
theurm::Doesn't look like Denver fans have much to say after losing to San Antonio by 10+ but they sure do run their mouths after beating MN by two lol... and here come the injury excuses... oh but wait, San Antonio was missing Gino and Splitter.
denveraic::Ford, Leonard, and Neal. Also hurt for the Spurs. The Nuggets got thumped by a team missing more players than them.
Macb123::D-Blair is a monster, I don't care what anyone says
The_Devlin::The Spurs should trade him while his trade value is up!
minny snowta::guess what? the Timberwolves are looking like the 2nd best team in the northwest division right now.
Eric6203::The Nuggets have buyers remorse on both the Big Softie  and AA.  The injuries have show the Nuggets have a bunch of average players who cannot score on a consentient basis.  Without a strong defense this team will have a hard time winning games.
JLancerio::http://www.nba.com/spurs/features/120223_bonner_rodeo_road_trip  I'm impressed.
JLancerio::http://www.nba.com/spurs/features/120223_bonner_rodeo_road_trip  I'm impressed.
RonaldMundLFSW::dirty left sock
naddarians::Carlos Arroyo
kobebricksaton::is this board working or is it frozen like the rest?
swaggamento916::dam u san antonio
HOUSTON12372::i thought the spurs suck after they got blown out by portland lol
playinaround2::Splitter was out too, which means 6'7" Blair was their only true post player. But, hey, if that manufactured blow-out has people under-rating the Spurs, they're happy about that. Maybe that was even part of Pop's plan.
heyjacleu::Portland better be blowing them out when they're basically playing their D-League lineup LOL
Zippppppp::Weren't they playing all back ups in that game??
gary wheatley::but remember Houston, Pops held out his 2 superstars and flop Ginnobli was out also.  Just like the Nuggs are all banged up
naddarians::Rashard Lewis leading D.C to a championship
joemcleod83::yeh hes definitely the greatest ever!! he definitely deserves that million dollars he gets for every point he scores!!
naddarians::Rashard Lewis is the MVP
naddarians::Rashard lewis should be in the 3 point contest hes the greatest ever
Kristopher1273::Right now Popovich is coach of the year in my opinion.
playinaround2::Pop is always coach of the year. That's his main problem in ever winning the award. He's been so consistently good at milking the best out of his squads that nobody realizes how important he is. Do yourself a little thought experiment and track the performance of ex-Spurs who had seemed more important somewhat while in SA. About the only player who has looked worse in SA than elsewhere is Jefferson, yet another indicator of how badly he has sucked there.
joemcleod83::yup
kcowling20::Good first half Denver (of this game and the year). Wow, seriously time for these injuries to go away, and for Karl to pull his head out of his ass
naddarians::Rashard Lewis told me "all you gotta do is shoot threes and if some go in or hit the rim or shaq u prime to be a superstar" he was giving me advice on how to improve my game
anonymous_sports_watcher::haha
Bookiebreaker48::lol
naddarians::Very inspirational man If u need a rolemodel or advice just think what would Rashard do
pendergraph4::This Spurs team is scary.  Veteran teams from years back like the Pistons and the Celtics and the Suns slowly fade from the scene  and the Popovich train just keeps rolling
playinaround2::Buford and Pop work together about as well as anyone has in those roles. They know how to use what they can get. But I still want to know who to blame for Jefferson. That's the one who deserves the least credit.
pendergraph4::good point.  I should give Buford more credit.  either way its still amazing.
anonymous_sports_watcher::I credit Buford as well, all around good, professional organization
Kristopher1273::NIce to see Richard Jefferson finally showed up and played a decent game for once.
playinaround2::They were playing a D league squad. I'd like seeing Jefferson do that more often. Like every night. I mean play D League.
naddarians::Rashard Lewis overshadowd Richard
naddarians::Rashard Lewis left seattle so the franchise collapsed
naddarians::Seattle couldnt bear the departure of their up and coming superstar 3 point marksman rolemodel so the team had to move
Bookiebreaker48::lol....really....now
Bookiebreaker48::i feel sorry for seattle they could haved had a great team right now...wht was the problem? there was no fan support there ?
naddarians::The Wizards &gt; Knicks
Kamikazi02::Stop giving away games nuggets... Oh! yeah I forgot we are right where we want to be...
naddarians::Rashard Lewis would lead any team to a title
Bookiebreaker48::lakers board is down
playinaround2::Spurs win, Lakers lose. Always a good day.
anonymous_sports_watcher::so are the lakers
Spurs4life93::Oh yeah!! Spurs win again!! 8-1 on their anual rodeo road trip tied best in franchise history dating back to 2003!!  #hatersgonnahate
naddarians::R A S H A R D L E W I S
naddarians::Rashard Lewis is the 2nd best player in the NBA
pendergraph4::Honestly, i'm not a spurs fan...   but if I was the GM of one of the other 29 franchises and I could pick from any coach alive today,   I would take Popovich over Phil Jackson 49 times out of 50.
pendergraph4::I will admit that Jerry Sloan, is really intriguing as well.  But it feels like Pops has worked magic with more players and more diverse playing styles
anonymous_sports_watcher::Pop has done a lot with a small market team
GerardoE303::pop&gt;jackson jackson won championships with some of the greatest players of all time, and pop only duncan
pendergraph4::seriously, I give all props in the world to Jordan as the greatest basketball player of all time.  I give props to the Shaq Kobe combo as one of the greatest scoring tandems in history  but please nobody adapts his game plan better than pops  and nobody scouts young talent like Popovich either
Lakerevolution::Yep, because Phil's not available.  Otherwise you'd sound kind of foolish.
brettfb43::Or you would feel indifferent. Pop takes teams and molds them into competitors. Phil got the cream of the crop every season. You are a bonehead if you think Phil is better that Pop. Seriously? If i have the best player on earth every year, i would HOPE you could win some games. Right? oh Lakers fans..............
snakeice64::anyone here?
