Latece K Christmon::"I'm the best scorer in the game."  "When you try to come at me with a sorry defender like Batum, that's the result you're gonna get. "  - Durant
Silas Reyes::Who do OKC fans root for in pro football? Dallas or K.C?
Silas Reyes::I guess it doesn't matter. Neither of those teams making a superbowl anytime soon.
Richard Decker::whoever we want to were not pro nfl team yet
Shawn Bento::KD IS A BAD MAN
Josh Towne::KD makes more than Loretta
Leasa Harrison::Josh Towne I wonder how many dumb people get virus'ed off those links.  Prolly more than Durant makes :)
David Glass::Go to her page and report as spam.
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Thats the MVP , that guy wearing 35. He straight.
Matt Dysarz::Straight?  he's not gay?
Peter Lacey::Matt Dysarz Never know?  Not that there's anything wrong with that.
Matt Elmore::Peter Lacey he's engaged to Monica Wright, who plays for the Minnesota Lynx in the WNBA so my bet is that he's straight
GQ Posture::Durant > Lebron
Meron Foto::Scorer?? Sure.   Overall?? Hell naaw.
Ryan Green::He's been the better overall player this year.
Latece K Christmon::Meron Foto Durant is better overall right now.  People lie, but numbers/stats don't.
Greg Joseph::46pts by Durant. Whatever, how many shots did he take? What? Tw-tw-twenty-five? Goodgod thats scary efficiency.
Adam Youman::and he didnt even get to the freethrow line that much. he could easily have had another 50 point game if they had called some of the fouls
Kevin Walker::its tough to beat a good team 3 times in a row. especially on the 4th game in 5 days on a road trip vs most of the best teams in the west..  that being said, even if portland does win tonight, all we will hear about is how OKC is without westbrook and that OKC only cares about the playoffs... if OKC wins, all we will hear  is "see i told you that OKC was better than portland, you guys arent legit" even though portland has already beaten them twice and are playing their 4th game in 5 nights ON THE ROAD
Jeff Elkins::sounds like youve got your excuse lined up if okc wins. I will say though being without one of the top 5 players in the league who is basically the motor of your teams intensity holds a bit more weight than playing a tough road stretch. every team has them.. Not consecutive road games, but id say playing portland one night and san antonio the next is pretty tough too.
Patrick Allen::Jeff Elkins  OKC is the truth, and yes we can use many excuses why we lose without westbrook, but him not being on the court right now is really helping the team develop cuz we saw the team in the playoffs without him, horrible. Portland always play OKC tough its our kryptonite just like they are to the Lakers but anyways,,, Once Westbrook come back Reggie can really run that 2nd unit and game over OKC finals again. :-)
Jim Simmons::Jeff Elkins,  Westbrook is a very good player but he is certainly not one of the top 5 players in the league. No way.
Anderson Daniel::C'mon Thunder! You've almost beaten them both games. Just got to hold on and keep fighting!   Here's hoping for 32-10 (OKC)!
Allen Gordon::I hope OKC come out on top tonight. Durant and Co have been playing especially well these past few games, i hope they continue to do so. I think we desperately need a 3 point specialist, but i think we will pull through.
David Garcia::OKC will choke like always
Allen Gordon::David Garcia: They're doing pretty well for a team that's always "choking".  EXTRA! EXTRA! This just in: It seems to me that the only person choking tonight is you, on your words.
Jeremy Binney::The heat lose d wade and the thunder lose russell westbrook.  The heat are losing and the thunder are winning.  The heat have an all-star team even without d wade, the thunder just have Kevin Durant.  So basically... KD>LBJ
Domskidoodles Lambot::KD MVP!
Ibarra Jaime::I'm a blazer fan & i say Durant should win the MVP today. Good win for the thunders. There is no way the blazers can stop the momentum Durant brought in the last 3 minutes of the game. I was little bit disappointed Lillard didn't show up with killer instinct i find it very rare & surprising. Thunder is a good team keep KD healthy he is the heart & soul of his team. For the blazers they'll come back stronger & this loss is a wake up call for them to improve their defense. Blazers lead the seaspn series 2-1 & tonight thunders deserve all the credit for playing hard.
Jeff Elkins::couldnt  you have given credit to the thunder without the backhanded mention of the series being 2-1? I guess I would bring up a regular season series in which my team had the game advantage if they haven't won a real series in 13 or so years.
Ibarra Jaime::Jeff Elkins it's a fact POR lead the series 2-1. I gave thunders all the credit they deserve why can't you be satisfy with it and don't you worry because ESPN will take care of your attention lust so don't feel bad about it. I can't imagine myself riding Durant's dick because i'm a blazer fan.
Bredy Charles::Give him the mvp because he is not winning a ring this year. Same song and dance with KD.
ScottandKari Baderman::Great job Durant. Problem is, when you score 45% of the points for your team, your team typically won't have what it takes to win a championship.
Ayn Bland::How's Miami doing during Wade's issue?
ScottandKari Baderman::Ayn Bland 4 Games out of first place with over half the season left.
Chris Williams::ScottandKari Baderman The heat play in the SUPER WEAK eastern conference. only 3 teams over .500 where the western has 8.
Matt Johnson::Portland came to play today it's going to be a long long night for the Blunder RIP CITY BABY
Robbie Davison::Game just started hippie.
Adam Youman::so did durant
Joseph Rampone::Robbie Davison Don't mind Matt, he always comes on here and has no idea what he is talking about. He will almost certainly post something about how the refs were terrible for the Blazers after the game. As a true Blazer fan, let's get this win. Not gonna be easy.
Marcleen Bavogui::this dude is a freaking scoring machine my goodness
Adam Youman::who? the mvp? yup
Fred M. King::Blazer sched doesn't get any easier either.  3 games in 4 nights starting with the Nuggets & the Wolves.  Next night at the Warriors.  The first couple games back from a tough roadie are like an extension of that roadie.  I thought we could steal one in OKC but the biggest problem is that 2 starters are playing hurt and OKC's 3 point shooters hit on almost 70%....tough to beat that.  OKC is a good team even without Westbrook....and a much better one with him!
Ayn Bland::Portland rode the gravy train the first half of the season..  Their schedule is much more difficult the rest of the way.
Fred M. King::Ayn Bland .................The first 3rd of the sched is so-so.  But with wins over Phoenix, San Antonio, Houston, Chicago, Indiana & OKC I really wouldn't call it gravy.  The middle 3rd looks to be a little harder, but not much.  The final 3rd is much like the first.  We have to play all the teams at least twice....justy like everyone else!
Gary Bush::Kevin Durant is absolutely playing insane ball right now! Def the leading MVP candidate right now. averaging 30-7-5, 37 in January, this month for him is similar to Kobe's 05-06 season. KD is in a nice lil groove, and they're 2nd in the west, clearly the better conference and without Westbrook, who's worth at least 35 points a game to OKC
Matthew Roozee::"Kevin Durant has scored at least 30 points in eight straight games, two games behind the record for consecutive 30-point games in a single season."  I'm not sure what the ESPN Stats & Information group is looking at but Wilt Chamberlain had 65 consecutive 30+ point games in the 1961-62 season.
Angel Rodriguez II::I expected Portland to go 2-2 on this road trip but if they can steal one tonight it would be great. After last nights debacle, either it will continue, or they will play a down to the wire game. Keep it within 10 points by the 4th and they've got a chance. Here's to a good game, Go Blazers!
Shawn M. Smith::It was a good game, just the opposite turnout.
Nick Dallio::I see KD taking over games without his sidekick and LeBron struggling to carry his team to victory over Charlotte & Boston.. all I'm saying is I feel like this is KD's year man!
ScottandKari Baderman::Don't even compare the Heat to anybody in January - what you see as "struggling," most, including Lebron and co., see them as pacing themselves. Sure, they are playing to win, but they are not putting it all out there. As for KD's year? I hope so. I would love to see a Heat/Thunder rematch.
Ayn Bland::ScottandKari Baderman They're not pacing themselves.   They're just not playing well.
Beau Wildrix::Even without Westbrook, Thunder is only 1/2 game behind their pace from last year.
MaPa Law::Yep... It's official... DURANT SUCKS... and Perkins Rocks! :-))
Dante FloridastateFlexin Conyers::Durant Balling tho!! Straight hell on the court!! Smh
Son Nguyen::can they just give him the MVP!!!!
Eddy Jauregui::I hope it goes into OT (Spurs Fan)
MaPa Law::Adams is in the groove..??!!
Nathan Siegel::One of the best games this year
