Rickster7218::Nice game for Jonny Flynn, he's back.....hopefully this is a sign of things to come.. Tough loss for the Blazers....
Kobelies247::Back? LOL
GsU -3000-GsU::good win Jazz! good to see the guards lead the team to an easy win with a mediocre performance by the BIGS last night.... Gordon &amp; Devin lit it up
GsU -3000-GsU::Burks too!
Jizazz::Devin harris was playing like a man possessed last night. I hope he continues to bring it like for the rest of the night. He had a fire in his eyes that reminded me of D-wil. On another note it was classy of the blazers fans to stay until the bitter end. I respect Portland and their fans and they will always be my second favorite team in the NBA. That is all
Utah_Dirtbiker::Us Jazz fans can be proud of the team. The Jazz NEVER tank any games, EVER. You don't see us tanking to keep Minnesota from getting our draft pick. Golden State is pathetic how they are tanking to keep us from their pick. I bet some of their "injuries" aren't even real. Bogut's injury is legit, I don't know about any of the others.
longhornsin2012::I've been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching  the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for anyone out there that is looking for a system that actually works because this system has really helped me to start winning finally
Calioyo::Good job beating a D-League team.
UtahQuad::In reality Utah was only supposed to win this game by like 4 points or something like that. So the fact that Utah just blew out Portland says something. In addition most experts picked Utah to finish second to last or last in the Western Conference at the beginning of the season. The Jazz have far exceeded expectations, and I for one am very proud of them. In general I think that the betting line last night was much closer than what the game actually ended up being.
Utah_Dirtbiker::Great job with that stupid comment.
SauceCaptain::You must not understand here ... Jazz were supposed to win big and they did, no suprises. The reason everybody is happy is that the Jazz are winning while the other teams near them in the standings are dropping games, and the Jazz just got back in the 8th spot.
tcrisis::I saw this and thought Jazz fans might laugh.... http://espn.go.com/ncb/conversations/_/id/2927148/mizzou-forward-shot-ankle-nightclub
tcrisis::Gordon Hayward rocks
NashvilleBulldog28::This fellow Butler alum certainly agrees!
longhornsin2012::Jazz suck, only going to win one more game this year and that is the team you beat tonight
Utah_Dirtbiker::Wrong. They will win all three of their final games. All of them are at home. How about that choking in Houston? Pretty epic.
longhornsin2012::I've been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching  the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for anyone out there that is looking for a system that actually works because this system has really helped me to start winning finally
rumelpob::Am I reading this correctly?  Did our starting pg (Smith) end up with zero assists?  Ouch...
larrybird77::The only reason Utah has a chance for the playoffs is because Houston has tanked (YES!!)  I think Houston will go 3-1 (easy games) and end up 35-31. Suns will probably go 2-2 (very difficult games) and be 34 - 32.  That means the Jazz need to go at least 2-1 to get in, which is very do-able.
freaky69az::If the Jazz get in, best of luck in the playoffs, and PLEASE beat the Spurs
Utah_Dirtbiker::The Jazz just need some playoff experience, it doesn't really matter who they play.
AceyUT::lol icant stand the spurs. haha our best draw is agianst the lakers..... i think
AceyUT::jazz have to win out..  they play phoenix at home on tuesday.  if they lose that game i think they miss the playoffs.., unless phoenix loses again.
utahraiderfan::Can someone tell me what the rip city mean
basketballjones1994::Rest In Peace City.
TskeTch33::Rip City  "The nickname Rip City is usually used in the context of the city's NBA team, the Portland Trail Blazers.[16] The term was coined by the team's play-by-play announcer Bill Schonely during a game against the Los Angeles Lakers on February 18, 1971, the Blazers' first season.[17] In the days prior to the three-point field goal, Blazers' guard Jim Barnett took an ill-advised long distance shot that nonetheless went in, giving the new team hope for a victory against the powerful Lakers. Excited, Schonely exclaimed "Rip City! All right!" Schonely admits that he has no idea how he came up with the expression, but it became synonymous with the team and the city of Portland.[18]"
danthemanslade::yo
TskeTch33::?
lumi907::Devin Harris looks like Ludacris. Who agrees?
7BAUGHLLIN7::Chicken 'n beer! Lol both those songs r from that album
TskeTch33::Get back! Get back!
Doc Emmett L Brown::Stand up!
TskeTch33::I hate how espn and everyone is saying delonte west tried to give hayward a wet willy! He was trying to poke his finger into his head to hurt him because he just got burned by him and was pissed and his finger just happened to be going into his ear.   like he was trying to be a d.ick and they are making it sound like he was just playing around. I lost alot of respect for west after that. props to hayward for not turning around and trying to fight. hes a cool dude and he saved alot of money from being taken from his bank account lol what a smart guy!
Eric62748::Gordon Hayward is such a smart individual. He is a stud on and off the court. When he was a rookie i was facebook friends with him and I messaged and told him to come play basketball at the University of Utah and he messaged me back and said what time? And he showed up! We shot around with him and kicked it. It was sweet. He is a baller boyz and girlz!
7BAUGHLLIN7::No thats bad as.s man!!. Hayward is my favorite jazzman for sure!
Eric62748::haha as close as it gets. Hayward is a stud. Who can deny that? PS I am not gay I like ladies
TskeTch33::thats legit dude that just made me have so much more respect for gordon. that just shows what kind of person he is.
7BAUGHLLIN7::Man crush? :)
Doc Emmett L Brown::Delonte West is an example of a professional athlete I wouldn't be frightened of if he were wanting to fight me in real life.
TskeTch33::im pretty sure about all he has is herpes on his face
SouthMedTex::You'd be dumb to try and fight west. He probably has a knife in his sock or a gun taped to his thigh
SauceCaptain::Something I remembered: A week or two ago Harpring said on the telecast of one of the games that if the Jazz made it to 36 wins they would get in the playoffs ... funny how that exact situation is playing out ... dude knows his stuff!
wheelswashere::a month ago harpring said 34. hes come up with different numbers.
TskeTch33::Thats what separates us from being a title-contending team...They gotta learn sooner or later though
Doc Emmett L Brown::I'm aware, but I can still be frustrated at that. Beat OKC, LA in LA, huge games like Houston in Houston, Dallas in 3OT... Lose to the Hornets and Kings twice.
TskeTch33::growing pains man, growing pains...
Doc Emmett L Brown::I wish the Jazz wouldn't try to coast through teams they should kill, couchHornetscough. They'd be fighting for home court, not the 8 seed.
lll__::couch
TskeTch33::harpring is legit. he used to be good hard-nosed power forward for us. Im glad he retired with us
2noodlekaboodle::Demare Carroll is kind of like that. He plays tough D and is  a good rebounder. He isn't a pure scorer but he at least knocks down open jumpers. I hope we keep him over CJ.
SauceCaptain::He's one of those guys that could of been an All Star every year if he didn't have bad knees ... I loved watching him play. He wasn't even that gifted physically but he made up for it with strength (huge amount of time in the weight room) and he would just outsmart everybody. That and on D he would just go in and ruff guys up. Jazz could use a guy like that on the squad today.
StocktonToMalone 2::Playoffs or no playoffs I'm proud of this Jazz squad and Ty Corbin. They could have given up when they saw the Lakers Heat and Thunder on their upcoming schedule a while back but they didn't. Here's to hoping we make the playoffs for valuable experience
larrybird77::That's cool, but never go into the playoffs for the valuable experience. You go to win, period.  You have to believe you'll win, and then maybe you have a chance. If you don't think you can win, you've already built in an excuse.  Anyway, I get what you are saying, but I would love nothing more than to see an 8-seeded Jazz team knock off the Spurs. Here's hoping.
TskeTch33::AMEN!
Hayward4President::we just gotta take care of business at home and we should be set.
Eric62748::Magic don't scare me at all. They won't have Dwight Howard. Put Hayward on Anderson and he won't be getting any 3's on him. Hayward is the new Kirilenko on defense. Long and athletic.
Millslapped::Magic is gonna be a tough game though. Anderson scares me the most
7BAUGHLLIN7::Yeah we've only lost what? 8 games at home now?.. And we need to get big al in the post  season
Millslapped::Home games usually = Wins, all I ask is defend the three millsap
7BAUGHLLIN7::I agree... But with what we've seen from this jazz for last month or so theyll be up for that game
springfresh33::Thanks Utah for the cover!!!
SauceCaptain::Jazz making me look good right about now ... I told everybody before the season started the Jazz would make the playoffs as the 7-8 seed and everybody told me I was nuts ... Ha ha ha now my friends owe me money.! Go Jazz Go!
Eric62748::they won't pay you haha Go Jazz!
SauceCaptain::20 Bucks from one, and lunch from another. Besides these are my friends ... they can't hide lol.
SouthMedTex::Astounding. The elusive and endangered Jazz is spotted at the 8th seed
SouthMedTex::Dallas aint the only team in tex bro
SouthMedTex::Spurs hurt butt
7BAUGHLLIN7::Butt hurt texan...
Beefmaster2011::we might make it as high as 6th. Nuggets have a hard schedule.
7BAUGHLLIN7::Heres for hoping..
Millslapped::He's a butthurt mavs fan
7BAUGHLLIN7::Endangered ay?
7BAUGHLLIN7::I hope we re sign Carrol.. Dudes ba.lls out
7BAUGHLLIN7::They were both cleared.. So its nothin serious
TskeTch33::I agree he is the last piece in our starting lineup. hopefully hes ok after that collision with favors. favors is definitly gonna be ok but with that concussion carrol just had id be surprised if he didnt sit out at least 1 game
7BAUGHLLIN7::He played for memphis.. But it is funny how that works :)
tcrisis::He played for Denver
Doc Emmett L Brown::Me too. He was a thug on Denver, but somehow has become a bad@$$... Funny how that works.
Millslapped::Just in case you guys were wondering Millslapped is a word,  http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Millslapped
lownav67::The Jazz took care of business tonight - so they get credit for not laying an egg, but Portland has just thrown in towel this season and is most likely going to end the year on a 7-game losing streak. Beating them at this point doesn't prove or demonstrate really anything about your team.  Everyone tends to look great when you are playing a team not putting in any effort to offer even minimal resistance.  This is still a Jazz team that went 3-4 against the two worst teams in the Western Conference and just had a pretty embarrassing loss last week in NO.  If they can take care of business at home against two decent teams (and lowly Portland again), they will have deserved the right to be taken out 4-1 in the first round by Spurs or Thunder.  If they can't, and end up getting swept by Phoenix this year, with two home losses to them this month, they really probably don't deserve it.
SauceCaptain::You forgot to mention that the Jazz also beat Miami, LA, Oklahoma, Spurs, Clippers, and won the season series with Houston and Denver, have been devastated by injuries, 2/3 of the team is rookies or sophmores, this is a "rebuilding year", they were picked by nearly every sports writer in the country to finish dead last in the west, and they STILL will probably get in the playoffs  ... just in case you missed it.
SauceCaptain::"You're" - at least get it right ... anyway the Jazz have been playing with a 8 man rotation for over a month. How many other teams in playoff contention can say the same?
Kobelies247::Devastated? youre an idiot
127decibels::Actually Portland hasn't really thrown in the towel, but when their entire starting 5 is either injured or out entirely (Roy, Oden (projected), Batum, Wallace, Felton and Przy, Camby, Crawford and a host of others are either not playing or traded - how can anyone think this team can compete with anyone in the NBA right now?  It's a sad, sad time to be a Blazer fan. Offseason can't come soon enough.
Doc Emmett L Brown::OK? The Jazz are rebuilding and were expected by all the "experts" to finish at the bottom with the aforementioned worst teams. They have four lottery players on the team, and young guys often lose to teams they shouldn't. Comes with the lack of maturity. Making the playoffs in any facet is a major win and, with no delusions of pulling an upset, we will be quite happy leaving the team the play nice and bruised for their second round matchup.   THE JAZZ!
TskeTch33::I love kanter's dunks. I had to playback his dunk like 3 times in a row hahah... I think his nickname should be the  Turkish Hammer
JohnEdwards123::gordon hayward &gt; larry bird
TskeTch33::gordon hayward in 5 years &gt; michael jordan
CharlesRiver27::Whoaa Trigger....let's give it some time before making such a grand statement :) But I do love Hayward.
Danger4221::Looks like Luuuuuke had a good game
Danger4221::considering how he was doing
danoslc::Most can get 16 points if they jack up 17 shots.....
.Strugglin.Runt::Now just need OKC to take back the 1 seed
Millslapped::We DO NOT want the Spurs. That's for sure
Millslapped::Haywardsanity!
Arizona Aaron::cmon make your damn free thows
Arizona Aaron::well we were only down by 11 so i thought maybe we can comeback but i guess not now
adam_keefe_fan_forever::Harden is making sure of that
mikeisildur::The game is over, sparky.
Michael_Orlando_Magic4life.::Rockets, Nuggets, and Suns lost tonight.  Great night for the Jazz.  And they got a blow out win.
UNLVrebelsFan95::cool. jazz jump into playoff spot. good job
Arizona Aaron::Check owl this out  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EXFlnlrk2zg&amp;feature=related
mikeisildur::shouldn't you be watching the suns drop out of playoff position?
jaykel0621::Thanks for nothing Blazers, just needed you to win the 2nd half.  FAIL
CBass1317::why would you pick this current Blazers team to win anything?
Pintz11::oh those rockets got that $@%!$@ $@% schedule .. Hope NO can pull out that win
Real_Salt Lake::Real &gt; Timbers Jazz &gt; Blazers. Too bad the Utes aren't &gt; Ducks though
mikeisildur::Their soccer team is called the "Timbers"?  Really?
CBass1317::well, if you want to make fun of names while not watching, "real" would be the one to dog on.
mikeisildur::Wouldn't know, you couldn't pay me to watch soccer.
CBass1317::Timbers have been around since the 70s.  Don't hate because you guys copied the Euros.
bjnelson1234::How about this season in the PAC 12 championship game
Jazzfan876::Utes &gt; Ducks starting this next season.
Jazzfan876::However, someone is making it look that way...
Jazzfan876::I have not liked a single comment of mine yet...
joedbag::stop liking your own comments jazzfan876
Jazzfan876::Jake Heaps sucks so much that he couldn't even play for BYU.
BrighamYoungFan15::Go Cougars!!!
Real_Salt Lake::I hope! Go Utes!
UofUTAHfan::This ^
grettings444::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKLAzyWiC4
adam_keefe_fan_forever::Well done, Utah, well done. Road win by 21!
Food Be Tasty::That'll do Jazz, that'll do.
Rmnica23::Time to switch over to the suns game
mikeisildur::You know I kind of wanted Ahearn to airball horribly again so I could call him "Airball Ahearn."
higgibop23::yeah cj must of taught him everything he knows
fanofsports24::he must be working out with CJ Miles
Real_Salt Lake::Alright 2k12. At least put him at a 75. Jeremy Lin did the same $@%! and you guys move him up to 75
mikeisildur::Hayward &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Lin
scow79::Who is him?
Real_Salt Lake::Hayward
Food Be Tasty::No losing season this year. To me making the playoffs would be the cherry on top.
Millslapped::I think we should keep the same team for next year. Our problem was just a bunch of guys thrown together that didn't know each other or have never played with each other. They will only improve
higgibop23::don't bring back anyone that is hurt right now.. maybe howard but that is it
JohnnyBlazzed::Don't mind if we don't resign CJ and get rid of Bell.
Rmnica23::If Hayward can get his three point shot to around 40%, we will be set
Jazzfan876::There will always be the 3 point shooting and perimeter defense problem though.
tcrisis::There won't be a perimeter shooting problem if they keep up what they've been doing over the last few games. Hayward, Harris and Carroll have really stepped up. And there's always Millsap who shoots like 100% from the 3 point line within the last 30 seconds of a game
kame23::I am officially on the Gordon Hayward bandwagon
fanofsports24::OKC is now winning by 10.  It seems like life is good in Jazznation tonight
trevordude_24::/twolves
fanofsports24::GS games havent gone our way in weeks.. I have never seen a team tank so bad
Jazzfan876::Karma will get them in the lottery.  They will have the 6th worst record, but two teams will move into the top 3 from behind them, pushing them to 8th...
CBass1317::Can't blame them ...
Jazzfan876::All 8 or so games that mattered to the Jazz tonight went their way (except for GS most likely).
Rmnica23::You know it is a blow out when the Jazz' other white guy gets in the game
Rmnica23::good point.  You know it is a blow out when the third best white guy gets in.
mikeisildur::We have a good white guy and some white guy I've never seen before today.  I think he is a contest winner from the BYU 51st Ward.
Rmnica23::LOL, his three pointer looked like something you would see in the 51st ward
Jazzfan876::Kanter is also white...kind of.
mjsk_g::WOW, portland cant win one quarter!!! Fire all of them!!! Portland fans should never spend a penny on this WORTHLESS team!!
mjsk_g::Not really, just cant believe these players get paid to play this bad!!
Rmnica23::you mad?
CBass1317::You forgot the "bro"
adam_keefe_fan_forever::Alec Burks is explosive.
