The Real Andre Herring::Bobcats got this next one
HipNip2009::Draymond Green has been impressive.  When you look at his minutes v.s. the +/- he consistently is in the +.  Last night, it was 20 minutes, +15.
nba is the worst::Wow - Bobcats just keep losing - every single quarter
jeff050578::Get me on the court and I'm trouble. Last night messed around and got a triple double.   - David Lee
MarkBricenof::Holy crap! We saw productive minutes from Biedrins.
davxav::a nice morning to reflect on how so many people have underestimated  Curry for years -- too small to play for an ACC team in colleege; too small to play in the NBA; yet now in early discussions about all-star status. Golden State made a great choice getting him; wish we could have him back in his home town Charlotte but I doubt you'd trade him for anything short of us giving back Bank of America. . .
jeff050578::Lots of people had the same doubts about H. Barnes. Not about the height obviously. They doubted and still do his strength and if his game will translate well to the NBA. I believe when it is all said and done H Barnes will prove them wrong. He will have a long and successful career. He will be a 12-15points. 7-9rebounds a game type of player.
skuaskua::Time to work the Fakers, third best team in California.
stayeduptolate21::curry and lee all stars vote!!!
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::Still not seeing a whole lot from Barnes offensively, he's just as passive as he was in college for long stretches. Gotta hit the boards and make something happen or learn to get to the line when his shot isn't falling.  David Lee has been a beast this year though.
sk0dawgs::last time i checked he was a rookie, one of the better ones too
Timewilltell101::I didn't know The Golden State Warriors still existed.
aj8707::GTFO
jessejubilee::Triple DUBL!
sk0dawgs::bobCATS
Budd1087::Fu.ck the Bobcats absolute disgrace to the city of Charlotte.
BearJWS::Relax, they start a 19 yo, 20 yo, 22 yo, 23 yo &amp; a 25 yo...
Number1SpurtsFAN::The warriors will relocate to Idaho next season.
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::Nobody relocates TO Idaho.
outkastD::idiot.
SB4LlFE::they just left idaho for santa cruz
jadedfox::That was Dakota.
PartyInTheBackfield::We need bogut to come back. Teams with dominant centers get the best of the warriors
mjtimber0::Based on the improved results this year, giving away Ellis for nothing looks like a winning move.  If Bogut plays some, all the better.
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::They aren't the only members of the team, so that seems wrong. Klay's improvement and much better defense by people who took plays off in the past seem more likely.
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::Bogut will always be out for a least half of every year, which is why it was a lousy trade.
sharks_eat_ducks::David Lee may be the most underrated player in the NBA. Double double machine who can pass the ball as well as any big guy in the game.
WarriorsWarrior::been sayin 4 years
Oaktown1029::congrats to Lee for his triple double - rare for power forwards.
mvp6479::warriors playing great basketball....its early but who cares enjoy it and dream of the g dub in the playoffs
PartyInTheBackfield::Man after that meltdown in Sacto, this was much needed
ForeverGrapeOKC::Warriors 18-9 Lakers 12-14  Amazing
Juan_Madden::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DXk4kIfIusI&amp;feature=youtube_gdata_player
Juan_Madden::S/O to G state I didnt see this coming.Still a long way to go but still.
TheMahyn::it's great that i have david lee AND stephen curry on my fantasy team ^^
BBailey4523::to everyone that put up with me tonight... thanks it was a pleasure :).. just to let u know i am a real sports guy who loves to talk and watch it... if neone wants to be a friend of mine on here that is totally cool... great win for the warriors.. they def got a great group with a great coach! they made alot of progross during the off-season to get better upgrades and they did!! as for the bob-cats... they are not far behind... they just need that veteran to show walker and kidd-gildcrest to get it done late in the games.. that go to guy in the end... but i will assure u... bobcats do have some pieces and will get better for the upcoming yr and future yrs to come
WarriorsWarrior::Nash will play WATCH.
swagg3hunna::Poor Jeffery Taylor
KOBE30000PTSBRYANT::November 9th 2012 Lakers 101 Warriors 77
ForeverGrapeOKC::you scared
WarriorsWarrior::Gloat about it?
KOBE30000PTSBRYANT::Its really just a response to direwolf748
WarriorsWarrior::Bk to Bk 2
KOBE30000PTSBRYANT::Cry about it
KOBE30000PTSBRYANT::Lakers 3 days of rest + Warriors coming off a back2back = LAKE SHOW BEAT DOWN!
direwolf748::kobe 40+ points in another loss
KOBE30000PTSBRYANT::Its basic math really
WarriorsWarrior::Setup
TheJTram::Wow the Warriors are doing way better this year. Wish my Pistons could do the same but oh well =( congrats to the Dubs
BBailey4523::pistons have a great group of talent actually... drummond is a great player along with stuckey they do need a couple more pieces... a player they can go to late in the game to finish outside of that they play hard and compete every night... just doesnt help when u have no dominant player on that team that can take over... their leadership is really not there... they got ben gordon and prince but thats it and that wont win u many games... they are a work in progress though
jazzjitk::Ben Gordon's on the Bobcats.
mrkennedy23::Maybe if Franks played Drummond more you'd be getting more wins.
TheJTram::See Frank everyone else is seeing it too &lt;.&lt;
WarriorsWarrior::Thanks.
WarriorsWarrior::Good Game Bobcats!
AvengedByCats::Likewise. Good things going on at Golden State. Go take off Kobe's head tomorrow.
direwolf748::damn i love the warriors crowd
WarriorsWarrior::Best fans
Votto4mvp055045::"i only came in hopes for free jack in the box"  -cc sabathia
PMcCabe9::leave Captain Crunch Sabathia alone. he needs his food to stay strong.
Drew1491::No we dont even have Corn Dogs -Jackie Moon
TCluvcarpanthers::Why is the crowd cheering?
_Neanderthal Hipster 2.0_::Free jack in the box if bobcats FT percentage under 75%
mrkennedy23::They got free jack-in-the-box for the bobcats shooting under 75% in free throws.
mrkennedy23::Reggie Williams missed the second free throw making their ft% 74%
TCluvcarpanthers::Did they get the nuggets?
AvengedByCats::Two free nuggets!
Votto4mvp055045::LMAO CC
mrkennedy23::lol that is awesome.
_Neanderthal Hipster 2.0_::im dying over here
AvengedByCats::Crowd wants free food.
Votto4mvp055045::2000 bucks for throwing a towel
RainingDimes::Barnes gets fined $5k for throwing a towel. Lmao.
Votto4mvp055045::LOL landry
BBailey4523::TheJTram.... what a loser hahahaha wow i bet he was something special back then hahahahaa
BBailey4523::TheJTram ur actually a hottie :)
BBailey4523::naw man ur cool! just messin with ya :)
TheJTram::What are you talking about =/
Drew1491::Golden State is for real this team in only going to get better with a great coach and a solid core of young players.
Drew1491::This coming from a person with a cat for their picture
TCluvcarpanthers::They'll lose in the first round in 5 games.
TCluvcarpanthers::The West is good though.
TheJTram::they could pull an 07' &lt;.&lt;
BBailey4523::ur real too drew :) we all have dreams!!!
mrkennedy23::I'm wondering if the Jack-Curry-Thompson-Landry-Lee lineup is going to work against the Lakers tomorrow.  Jackson might have to make some different adjustments tomorrow.
SB4LlFE::doesn't matter... refs will let the lakers win
BBailey4523::u have no chance!!!
RainingDimes::Lakers can't handle high tempo teams. If the Warriors push the pace, Lakers have no chance.
BBailey4523::im wondering how u think this too much???
BBailey4523::thejtram... stupid pistons fan :) haha
BBailey4523::l.o.s.e.r hahaha
TheJTram::How is that a stupid question? =l sheesh
Votto4mvp055045::bobcats got very lucky earlier this year especially in close games...their true colors are showing now
Asif11111::bring onnn the lakeshow!
PK009::I said a couple weeks ago that Steph was better than dwill
TheJTram::Why not start Haywood over Mullens? =l
AvengedByCats::Because that's hardly a good trade off.
BBailey4523::why not start u??? u being stupid now??
TheJTram::Seriously though...Mullens being a face up jump shooter isnt really a good thing for the Bobcats as your main rebounder is out on the perimeter
TCluvcarpanthers::What's going on with the comments?
tgreeson80::Yeah, for some reason it started a couple weeks ago, and it seems at times it will be middle of the comments too, although the most recent one or two will go on top.  It makes no sense.
tgreeson80::It's been doing this for a couple weeks now
TCluvcarpanthers::Ahh. First time I've seen it lol.
tgreeson80::It'll put new ones at the top, then you refresh and the old ones will go at the top.  It's frustrating.
BBailey4523::wats going on in ur life??
AvengedByCats::?
TCluvcarpanthers::"tgreeson80 - It'll put new ones at the top, then you refresh and the old ones will go at the top.  It's frustrating."
etony3314::Does Dell Curry refer to his son as "Curry"?
AvengedByCats::I think he says Steph.
