DTangMF::dont understand Warrior's GM, first they want an all star for Monta, and now they pretty much shipped out Monta for nothing....weirdo
HEELTARWARRIOR::GO WARRIORS!
Kevin_Loves_Beard::KLAY THOMPSON ROY....
theyorkallday::NBA players draft, all players are eligible... lebron goes #1 kobe goes late, wall goes #9 blake goes #6 full draft: http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
lightbulbthinh::come on Warriors! you're supposed to be tanking.  Love,   Warriors fan
vusani::Do it for Joe Lacob.......!
PadresChargersClippers::Jeremy Tyler started?? Thats sick!
arsenal1470::in case you missed it, a link on how to annoy a fan base  http://www.grantland.com/story/_/id/7714701/how-annoy-fan-base-60-easy-steps
kozanski2000::What are you doing Warriors, you need to tank to get that lottery pick! Hmm, Curry, Bogut, Thompson and a new lottery player ... not a bad way to start next season I would think.
WarriorsGO::And David Lee
PacTenJunkie::As a Cougar fan, I have been in awe that Klay hasn't played much at all this year. It's about time. This guy could be a future all-star.
Stronks::Go Cougs!!!
dreballs::what the $@% Warriors! we need to be in the bottom seven for the draft pick! wtf!
rickeye369::warrior fans check this out....http://www.youtube.com/my_videos?feature=mhee
Free Alec Burks::YEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!! I LOVE WARRIORS!!!!!!! GO WARRIORS!!!!!! $@%! YES!
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Go Warriors=GO JAZZ
HEELTARWARRIOR::Ah well. Not gonna start telling my fav. team to lose. . .even if it would result in a pick, basketball should be played to win. If they went out there with the "let's lose" mentalility that so many of their 'fans' have then i'd stop pulling for them.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::DANG IT...but in a way that game was both bad cuz the pistons can't pass the warriors in the standings. So that game was a WIN WIN either way. But more of a win of denver lost
Free Alec Burks::And we got a close one between the Nuggs and Pistons. GO PISTONS!!!!!
Free Alec Burks::My Favorite teams!! :) haha
Laoboyfresh::i understand monta was a dumb move but why did the warriors trade jackson for jefferson,that was another dumb move,jackson is a veteran,he has all around game but it is what it is,and warriors fan wen andrew bogut get healthy,,your team will be deadly,trust me,he is a useful big man and one of the best center
WarriorsGO::Cuz Jackson wants to play for a contender.
miguel veloso1::Live observations from today's games:  http://hoopsgrind.com/2012/03/21/wednesday-gameday-observations-32112/
JeffKent4MVP::at least we can beat the hornets
savethesonics34::Klay just keeps gettin better and better! Go Warriors and GO COUGS
Stronks::I love how Klay is getting to shine in the NBA. Wouldn't mind if he had stayed at WSU for his senior year though lol.
Barrk6::# of comments in this game &gt; # of Hornets fans
WarriorsWarrior::less is more
WarriorsWarrior::DON'T SAY WE'RE TANKIN. NEW ORLEANS SUCKS! GG
ataddy::Klay didn't get the memo...
WarriorsWarrior::Ahh bad-good win!
King_Danilo92::KLAY THOMPSON FOR MVP
nallad47::Difference between Jazz fans and Warrior fans   Jazz fans lose their 1st round pick to the T-Wolves if they make the playoffs but they are excited to make the playoffs Warriors fans lose their 1st round pick to the Jazz if  they finish above 8th and they are rooting for the Hornets to beat them..
HEELTARWARRIOR::I am rooting for the Warriors to win their remaining games so. . .
andylg67::Actually they are not. Most of the Jazz fans were saying they would rather miss the playoffs and get the pick on the board during the game against the Warriors. It is also totally different because making the playoff and losing a pick is much better than just being around the 11th worst team and losing a pick.
WarriorsWarrior::We kno thx... Next
WarriorsWarrior::Warrior scrubs!!
iloveeverythingespnloves::NO DUBS YOUR SUPPOSED TO LOSE!
alwaysrootinforLB::I've been following a sports betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. Over the past 2 months I have made over 3K a month following this system. I found it by googling the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I recommend this system to anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and will make you money
PoRtEr_24::Holy butt, Klay has shot it 23 times???
Alouis6673::www.FadeTheBookie. Com….Sports Handicapping Website…I Own This Service…My Record Is 244-103-6 In The Past 5 Months…I Have Over 300 Members And Over 9 Access Plan To Choose From…I Was The Manager At Procappers Before I Went Solo And Opened My Own Service…Registration Is Free…Just Pick A Package That Best Suits Your Needs…All Of My Plans Are Discounted 15% For The Month Of March...I Am Currently Running A 2/1 Month Special…<b>MLB Early Bird Available!! <b>Last Day For 2/1 Month Special!! </b></b>
mrkennedy23::"Laker fans come to the game to be seen.  Warrior fans come to the game to be heard."  How ironic is this commercial after Lacob incident?
WarriorsWarrior::Haha
alwaysrootinforLB::I've been following a sports betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. Over the past 2 months I have made over 3K a month following this system. I found it by googling the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I recommend this system to anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and will make you money
C00kieMonst3r::Its nice to see the Warriors not losing for once.
WFan5::No they need to lose!
HEELTARWARRIOR::No.
23germany::whoever pays more than nothing for this fake franchise needs medical attention
sports billy::denver to put on 40 in the first quarter against the pistons
23germany::as easy as it gets. level of competition in general and esp. today is as low as it has ever been
andylg67::on the money
CougarPrideEndures::Does anyone really doubt how good Klay will be? He is only a rookie.
Stronks::Go Cougs!!! Klay for rookie of the year!!
kurtfool::baller status dude! go cougs
alwaysrootinforLB::www.fadethebookie.com
Alex818728::Ellis vs CP3 should be a good game
Oaktown1029::you're right - neither one can stop the other!
Oaktown1029::The tanking scenario: Jackson tells his team " okay, we have to lose approximately 18 of our next 23 games in order to keep our pick, which will be about #7 - which doesn't guarantee an impact player of any sort but it will be worth it - I'm sorry if you young guys get demoralized and lose your confidence going into next year but it will be worth it!
WFan5::Yes it will
ronnied81::the aints already got jacked up today. may as well trick it here, too. REPRESENT YO CITY!!!!!!!!
its me the original::the awkward moment when u relize that u dont no anything on a test and just start laughing because u relize ur screwed.
abjoseph05::Who wins the 2h?
sports billy::gsw by 5
Br3tt11::Bucks fan here: Go warriors! I hope you guys tank, then turn it around!
nallad47::I just do not understand why your owner thinks the Jazz are going to trade back the pick without getting a good amount back? What do you guys think?
HEELTARWARRIOR::Don't intentionally lose is what I think
TheUnDex::if the pick is in the top 7 the Warriors get to keep it. they don't have to trade for it.
SB4LlFE::.
SB4LlFE::because it's a good and DEEP draft
nallad47::I understand that but your owner is trying to get it back no matter what.
Jnap34::anyone intersted in tickets for clippers hornets tomorrow got amazing seats 2 rows off the floor.. email justin_napoli@yahoo.com very reasonable price too
alwaysrootinforLB::I've been following a sports betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. Over the past 2 months I have made over 3K a month following this system. I found it by googling the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I recommend this system to anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and will make you money
Oaktown1029::the emergence of Klay Thompson will be a bright spot the rest of the season.
Omar Jenkins 3.0::So Warriors ownership can screw it up and trade him for some worthless player?
Oaktown1029::you weren't at the game the other night, Omar, were you?
TheUnDex::lets have faith in the front office. lol
The Amazing Chef Minnesota.::Idiot saints fans
funkalicious02::Why has Nate Robinson only played 9 minutes in the first half?
nallad47::You guys are tanking so you can take the pick back from the Jazz
Oaktown1029::I didn't say other teams wanted them, I said they probably don't have a loser's attitiude being professional basketball players.
sports billy::moses really did part the red sea....., are you serious?
sports billy::1
Oaktown1029::I didn't know you could cut and paste on these boards, so that's how they do that!
nallad47::Oaktown1029 - the coach isn't shooting or passing the ball - these guys are the best bball players in  the world - do you really think they got there by adopting a losing attitiude? they're just not very good right now!  Honestly you only have probably two players on the court that another team would want.
nallad47::Thank you very much.. :) You all should hope your idiot owner does not give to much to the Jazz to get your pick back
Oaktown1029::the coach isn't shooting or passing the ball - these guys are the best bball players in  the world - do you really think they got there by adopting a losing attitiude? they're just not very good right now!
sports billy::i agree the players, are goingly fairly hard, but the coaches decisions are pointing towards tanking , everyday
nallad47::Uh your coach is obviously doing it..
Oaktown1029::come on, do you really think these pro's are tanking?
Susan_Smith402463::Golden State Warriors vs. New Orleans Hornets   a site i found to help with finding a winner:   http://bit.ly/GExoQT
The Amazing Chef Minnesota.::PATHETIC TEAMS ONLY 54 COMMENTS YOU GUYS ARE LOSERS!
Oaktown1029::says the guy sitting behind his computer calling people losers!
sports billy::carn mate thats a bit harsh, why dont you fark off and troll elsewhere, or perhaps start on another bucket of french fries, pie guts
The Amazing Chef Minnesota.::Then comment more
