rEdBuLxTaSy::AN INTERESTING POST FROM ANOTHER BLOGGER:  MCFAILED/SAMPSON, I HOPE YOU'RE TAKING NOTES!!!  That's exactly right. they should let Lin play the way he played under coach D'antoni with the Knicks. Currently the Rockets play Lin with only one strategy that is to ask/coach Lin to dribble the ball until he passes it to Harden to do it all. what next is that Lin is instructed to stand around the arc to take a 3pts shot if the ball is passed back to him. Under normal circumstances, a PG won't do it this way unless he is coached/instructed to do so. That is pretty obvious a strategy. Please re-watch all those games in the internet to prove it if anyone doubts it. This is not a PG is supposed to do in a game, this is what a shooter should do instead. Delfino or even Parsons are doing it pretty efficiently as they are supposed to do. If we just keep looking at the air ball he shot against the Heats, then we are not looking at the whole picture. It is easy to make fun of the air ball but we are missing the point if we do so.  AGAIN and AGAIN, the Rockets coaching team MUST let go of what Harden did in the 1st 2 games. We all believe he did superb and will continue to do so in the future. However, for the time being, try to trust Lin and let him be the "PG" for future games they will play.
wHiTeTiGeR586::Exactly my thoughts...Mafailed and Sampson are fools for thinking Harden is going to win it all for the Rockets.
woodylamb::What is Heat like without LBJ?
NBA544::8th seed
721Antonio::Ahhh, feels so good knowing the heat won all 3 of the close games they had so far. LECLUTCH!!!!!
JesseThomasCooper::aaaaand ZERO TOs vs rockets
COLORADO_BUFFALOES007::I just wanted to thank Houston for taking Jeremy Overrated Lin from my Knicks.  Before I go to bed I wanted get that off my chest.  J Lin we don't miss you.  -16 in turnovers???  You were terrible except for a week with the spaghetti eating meatball D Antoni.
George7844::HAR, HAR, HAAAAR--------Although he would never admit it, here is another NY Knocks fan.... butt-hurt over the loss of J Lin. If he wasn't ....he would never come here to spew his negativity. Get used to the fact that he is GONE, dawg. Get counseling to get you out of your deep depressive mood. Your Knocks will soon revert back to normalcy and be back under .500. OMG----I just noticed your nick and give you my sympathy....the biggest losers in NCAA football. You NEED to find a WINNER to support. Let me suggest the Rockets.
rEdBuLxTaSy::YEEHAW...THE  KNICKS ARE GONA GO 82-0 AND DO 1ST ROUND EXIT IN THE PLAYOFFS AGAIN :):):)
woodylamb::You are very forgetful. Where were you when Lin was winning for Knicks.
NoonGame::there is no such thing as -16 in turnovers idiot.
Dawan208::That's ok.  Still won't win a championship!!!!!!!!!
woodylamb::Rockets is a young and improving team. They almost had the game There were several things...  if Morris did not make the foul(, Rockets should had controlled  the game), Lin made the 3-point (just one of the things in life), LBJ did not score,  Harden made the lay-up dive. But the team is improving and showing poise. Make some adjustments, the Rockets is promising. Have heart.
lomahtw::they should let Lin play the way he played under coach D'antoni with the Knicks. Currently the Rockets play Lin with only one strategy that is to ask/coach Lin to dribble the ball until he passes it to Harden to do it all. what next is that Lin is instructed to stand around the arc to take a 3pts shot if the ball is passed back to him. Under normal circumstances, a PG won't do it this way unless he is coached/instructed to do so. That is pretty obvious a strategy. Please re-watch all those games in the internet to prove it if anyone doubts it. This is not a PG is supposed to do in a game, this is what a shooter should do instead. Delfino or even Parsons are doing it pretty efficiently as they are supposed to do. If we just keep looking at the air ball he shot against the Heats, then we are not looking at the whole picture. It is easy to make fun of the air ball but we are missing the point if we do so.  AGAIN and AGAIN, the Rockets coaching team MUST let go of what Harden did in the 1st 2 games. We all believe he did superb and will continue to do so in the future. However, for the time being, try to trust Lin and let him be the "PG" for future games they will play
COLORADO_BUFFALOES007::stop writing such long posts that DON'T MAKE SENSE.  Listen pal no matter who the coach or the scheme, J Lin isn't going to do anything vs top defensive teams. PERIOD. He is a turnover machine and he's a hundred pounds bro.   I love Felton and Kidd any DAY over that girl.
woodylamb::What are you doing here? Since you are a Knicks fan and a hater.
NoonGame::he only has 2 turnover
jason_bautista::Not bad for the Rockets.  Give them time to simmer down.  I think JLIN is still not 100% but close.  Harden and including everybody are still adjusting to the system but hopefully, they become a real team that a lot of us (except haters) envision them to be.  I hope McHale and the coaches really believes in this team and the players.  These players have good attitude towards the game.
woodylamb::Very true.  Rockets bounced back in this game although came short.  This shows a young team is moving forward.
pistol111847::Houston could be a super team this year but coaches have to wake up and get Harden to stop forcing shots. Do they have to do this because they're paying him 80 Million? Is that what the league is about - whoever has the biggest contract can take any lousy shot they want? Team play which the Rockets did for 48 minutes wins ball games!!
Sini123::Give them a chance. They just got together.
NoonGame::J lin has to do more  for the rockets to win on consistent bases. single digit points/assist and shooting less than 30% on 3s is not going to get it done...
xo_da_legend::Got my troll on :)
xo_da_legend::Snooooze...  Kobe in 3 quarters against   http://scores.espn.go.com/nba/recap?gameId=251220013
lomahtw::The Houston rockets coaching team seems to be way too obsessed with what Harden's 1st 2 games performance and somehow unconsciously or consciously ask Harden to play as a PG as well as a SG at the same time.  Harden was given the right to always have the ball for last plays/shots in each of every game they played so far.  fact can't lie, if we re-watch all those games, he literally failed his all last shots in last 4 games.  Harden is a good player and will only do better as times goes by, however, for the time being, the Houston rockets coaching team is just too close-minded thinking that Harden should play as a PG (unofficially) and always take the last shot in the last possession regardless.   if you remember the game they lost to the Heats,  they were leading by 3 and less than 2 minutes left on the clock,  He still had to play iso twice and didn't make anything out of it.  by the time he gave the ball to Lin who unfortunately had to shoot an air ball. In last possession with 0.71 left, he had to wait till almost last second to take 3 points shot that of course was missed.  bear in mind that that shot was to tie the game and not to win the game.  In another word, he should have taken the shot just a bit earlier so that there would be possible for rebounding and a final shot if it hadn't got in.  At any rate, the decision was badly made.   ONCE AGAIN, don't get me wrong, Harden is a good player and will get only better.  However in the past 4 games, there were just way too many hero balls and bad decisions the Rockets coaching team should take responsibility for it.  Again if you watch all the games they played so far,  Lin was doing great in defense but not really good at all in offense.  From what I saw there, I can think of the followings  - Lin tried so hard not take shot.  That's strange for a PG who is expected to be a scoring PG.   In many possessions, he should have taken the shot regardless of making it or not. Instead he chose to pass the ball.  - Lin seemed to be told or coached to pass the ball to Harden and let him be the 'PG'.  Lin then stood around the arc waiting for the ball to shoot if he was passed the ball.  This isn't supposed to be what a PG should do in a game.  - Lin seemed not to be confident at all when it came to the offense.  He didn't want to shoot,  He wasn't comfortable passing the ball,  He always gave the ball to Harden and expected him to be the "PG" instead.    - Lin was being known of his aggressive attacking the rim and driving to the lane.  In all those games,  we almost didn't really see him doing so.  - It was obvious that Lin was not playing as the only PG on the court when Harden was on the court too.  It was more like a sharing PG position for both of them.  It is kind of strange and unnecessary.  Harden can be a "PG" too when it is needed,  however, he should be ONLY IF it is needed.  In a normal game, Harden should stay as a good SG instead.  It is a good idea that fans are sending message to Morey about it.   Let Lin be the "PG" and Harden be the "SG".  Less hero ball in end of each game but rather a team ball.   Lin and Harden are both young players who should play their way up as time goes by.  Until then,  let them play as what they are supposed to be good at. -
lomahtw::I don't think we can send Morey direct message but instead tweet to him.  Alternatively we might go to their nba official Site to see if there is any way or fan forum to express our thought about what is it going on with the rockets? Perhaps he might check it out.
pistol111847::I couldn't agree with you more. How can I send the message to Morey also?
thejunesuntanked::The phantom foul called on Bosh was the difference in this game.
abrescj::They missed an up and down call on Lin the exact play before that allowed the Rockets to get 2 points..  Heat Haters always blame refs when the Heat win a close game, but ALL of you have  selective memory..
nba is the worst::Refs didn't cause the loss, the rockets' inability to score in the last 30 seconds did
thejunesuntanked::This game proved several things:  1) Teams have to beat the Heat AND the refs 2) LeBron is still the best player in the world 3) The difference in the NBA always comes down to the best players going at each other at the end of the 4th 4) Jeremy Lin is absolutely terrible
just_a_fan_07::How did this game prove that LBJ will gas out sooner or later?  I think u are on something bud
rEdBuLxTaSy::OH BTW, THIS GAME PROVED SEVERAL THINGS:  1) HEAT IS BEATABLE 2) HEAT IS OVERRATED 3) LBJ WILL GAS OUT SOONER OR LATER 4) CHALMERS/COLE ARE ULTRA SCRUBS  :):):)
rEdBuLxTaSy::OH RIGHT...JEREMY LIN IS SO TERRIBLE?  I BET YOU WERE ONE OF THOSE HATERS  SAYING BEFORE THE GAME CHALMERS/COLE WAS GONA DOMINATE LIN HUH?    CHALMERS/COLE COMBINED FOR 6 PTS,  5 AST, 5 TO'S  O BLKS  LIN ALONE HAD                                     9 PTS, 6 AST,  2 TO'S 3 BLKS (1 ON LBJ)  HAHAHA LIN'S IQ IS HIGHER THAN 90% OF THE BUMS IN THE LEAGUE :):):):)
rEdBuLxTaSy::HEAT ARE OVERRATED...THEY CAME SO CLOSE TO LOSING THIS GAME TO THE ROCKETS IF IT WASN'T FOR LBJ OUTSCORING HARDEN 2-1.  LBJ COULD JACK UP STATS GAME AFTER GAME IF HE LIKES TO...SOONER OR LATER, HE'S GONA GAS OUT :):):)
Shareef1987::He's been doing this for 9 plus years and will continue to do so.
ButtaSports::hey skip brain less did you watch that fourth quarter by lebron
NguyenDragon::Growing pains... This one is going to hurt a little more than the others...
pistol111847::Rockets played great but Harden forced too many plays at the end. They need to let their point guard start the offense and find the open man. Team play wins!!
emthomasjr::The tribute video to Shane was what made the difference.  That's why we didn't do one at the Memphis game.  LOL.
LAMVP2424::Dwade needs his wheelchair
nhraven5200::wicked cool
TimW57::Anyone gonna talk about the Lebron Flop on the rebound by Morris to change the game? That dude is ruining ball in so many ways man. He is the biggest flopper an he'll never get called on it. Man I wish I was a sportswriter because I would want to expose this dude for $@%!$@% up the game...maybe record all his flops on video and put them together I mean it's so disgusting ruining the game
ButtaSports::no lets talk about the 32 points he had in the second half, stop hating he has nothing to prove any more
TimW57::Not hating or saying he has anything to prove. He's a good player. I mean obviously teaming up with allstars in common now so I'm not hating on him for that. He's a phenomenal player, no one's disputing it. But when such great talent resorts to flopping it's just pretty sickening. Flopping on a shot or a charge are at least acceptable, but dude flops on rebounds and all the way out at half court and stuff.
youknow808::timw you crying that was clearly a foul you cant stand seeing lebron close your team out
TimW57::Houston's not really my team but ok. He missed critical free throws, and had to resort to falling on a rebound. But man you can believe whatever you want that's cool.
nhraven5200::cool
TimW57::I think foreign players contributed with not covering it up well, Varajaio, Ginobli -although I love his game - but yeah it's always on the refs. It's always gonna be frustrating to the teams on the other sides of controversial calls. Just hope other teams with Star Power of their own can can secure home court and get those little advantages.
DanNYC2816::honestly i think flopping is just being paid more attention to, its been around forever it just didn't have a name. there is a little more than there used to be, but its on the refs to make the right call.
TimW57::Yes I know. But there;s been more flopping, no? They even made some special rules to counter it. The NBA is good, but if they don't stomp out this flopping it'll be bad. But the NBA is much better since they're cracking down.
DanNYC2816::in case you haven't noticed, basketball is popular than it has been in years
TimW57::See no one cares. Thanks guys, for ruining basketball.
DanNYC2816::that was a foul
TimW57::There are two sides to looking at that play, I'm not gonna try and convince you in a forum on a website. You seem to not be willing to admit there's two sides to that call, but that's cool man - you're welcome to that as well it's no skin off of me so whatever
DanNYC2816::i'm welcome to believe what actually happened? thanks for the permission
TimW57::Hey man you are welcome to believe that. Free world.
TimW57::And yes, I know he gets fouled, I do. This particular play was crucial; I'm not saying he never gets fouled lol.
DanNYC2816::i watched it, you are the one who is believing nonsense
TimW57::No man, watch Lebron and see if he flops,  which he obviously did lol but I can't say anything if you choose to believe that nonsense. I used to like him man, honestly.
DanNYC2816::morris jumped into him, you are blinded by hate. believe it or not, sometimes lebron actually gets fouled
TimW57::No dude. Lol cmon  if you really believe that Morris hit him. They both jumped and Lebron obviously fell back. Come on
I became the ultimate pokemon master::LeChamp LeRing LeMVP LeGold LeClutch LeGreatness LeGoat
Pete Carrolls Victory Dance::you are so freakin' g@y............
nhraven5200::I agree
indplayer::why are people making a big deal out of lebron scoring 38 points. the real story is that the Heat almost lost to the rockets and only won by 3.
RickyWolfioGOAT::A win is a win.Lakers lost to mavs without dirk or kaman
duro.::Rockets fans shouldn't worry too much, you almost won and that's without Olajuwon.  Imagine how good you'll be when he gets back
bbears88::Did I read that correctly? Jeremy Lin bobble-head night tomorrow vs. Hornets (Twitter post---&gt;&gt;&gt;)
duro.::when is Yao Ming coming back from injury?
_Furious_::Probably before Andrew Bynum.
socialsatyr11::LeBron picks up right where he left off - Eastern conference player of the week - straight out of the gate!  The kid is a beast.
Spencer-Jones::Kid? He's 30. Since when is 30 being a kid?
warfreakbix::He's 27
2001_SpaceOdyssey::looks like rockets can beat heat.. thought they only play together 1 week
KnixTix::This team plays no defense, but these delusional Heat fans think they can repeat while everybody scores 100+ points on them.
sockmedock::nobody in the nba plays defense like they did in the 80s-90s, but just because they dont force turnovers doesnt mean they dont play defense!  you are in the 98 percent of these idiots that dont understand the game!
DanNYC2816::defense in the 80s hahaha, look at the ppg in the 80s
_Furious_::It's the same team from last season, but suddenly they can't play defense? lol just relax - it's very early in the season.
markh96::It doesn't matter if the other team scored 100 as long as miami scores 101.
mjsanders::Exactly!  I bet the avg age of their roster is even higher than LAL's.
Islandvibez21::I would worry about your team making it out the 1st round.  Good start for you guys but keep your thoughts to yourself.
jly.espn::I thought it was going to be a blowout, but the Rockets put up a good fight.  It was an interesting game to watch indeed.
Islandvibez21::Same. I figured LBJ would post 10-10-9 and call it a night.  Thank you Rockets for playing an extremely competitive but ultimately futile game; you brought out the best in the King.
TimW57::The flops of the century, you mean. Don't even say Morris fouled dude on the last rebound. James flop won the game, and even though the league fines people, they won't say anything to him. Even Stern commented last year that they should give out Oscars instead of MVPs, but he can only say so much because Lebron brings in the ratings. What a joke, poisoning the game. If he had an ounce of heart he would never flop on plays where he isn't even driving or defending a shot. I mean cmon man you go out of your way on a rebound....
Dallas Mavs Where Plan Z is Greater than Plan A::Funny how everyone are just talking about LeBron instead of the Heat..Proves Heat have no fans they only LEBRON fans
nickbrown737::its funny how you two were probably saying in the first half that lebron sucked.
jly.espn::Take away lbj, Heat will turn into ice
GetoverIt1271::Lebron has been doing this for such a long time, but only after winning his first ring are people giving him the respect he deserves.  Hopefully he can win 4 or 5 more rings so that he can be placed at the top of the list of the best player who have ever played the game (where he belongs!)!
wami0801::Sad to see ppl not notice the best player on the planet bc of ignorant pride.  Stubborn hate is the worst
George7844::Which DAY is that ????
KnixTix::Hahahahahaha!!!  At the end of the day, LBJ will be WHERE HE BELONGS...1 RING, not 3, not 4, not 5, not 6, not 7!!!
mjsanders::Lin: 3-8 FGs &amp; only 6 ASTs; Harden: 6-17 FGs &amp; 1-6 3PTs  I’ll give HOU credit for one thing – they’ve assembled the MOST OVERRATED backcourt in the NBA!!!
George7844::mjsanders - Lin: 3-8 FGs &amp; only 6 ASTs; Harden: 6-17 FGs &amp; 1-6 3PTs  "I’ll give HOU credit for one thing – they’ve assembled the MOST OVERRATED backcourt in the NBA!!!"  You're nothing but a frkn TROLL, Dawg !!! All players have sub--par performances. It speaks pretty highly of the Rockets TEAM ......when that happens..... and they still play the NBA champions to within 3 pts. .        Add that to the fact that they have only been playing together for less than 10 GAMES (vs 2 years for the oppt.) and it makes the future look pretty bright for the Rockets.. Give them a little time and they will turn it around !!!!
KnixTix::No!!! The most  overrated backcourt resides in Miami...Wade is finished.  LBJ will fizzle out b/c he has been playing since the playoffs, with no rest.
jly.espn::Who guarded jlin? What were their stats?
UHcougar II::Lol and you know this because of one game, obviously
kaveman311::Why are you hating on a team that is trying to rebuild?..and who ever said Houston has an allstar backcourt?
mjsanders::Um, after the first 2 gms many were proclaimin that Harden was the best SG in the league &amp; that HOU would challenge in the West!  HOU will get crap for that all yr long &amp; deservedly so.  Your $80MM 'foundational' player is a bust &amp; I still can't understand why ANY team would pay Lin big $ to be their startin PG!
coltranesteelkirt::Lol!  LeWho?!?   He wouldn't even start on most squads.
DanNYC2816::aww a cavs fan
kaveman311::It is a FACT that the NBA has the most difficult  job of officiating....and that the NBA does the worst job of officiating.
have you seen my teddy bear::I suppose i will put up a double double with 38 pts...  hey kobe, i see you have an allstar team too...how are you doin?  -Lebron
sources says::Lin for the airball
Ima.Bad.Man::8 down, 74 to go. Wake me after the All Star break... Miami Repat
Ima.Bad.Man::*Repeat
bleeacbc::All the haters predicted the worst for JLin as if he'd fall off the map.  Well the truth is the rockets are still better than a lot of other teams period.  At least their not 0 for 6 like the pistons!  They are young inexperienced and learning a new system and adjusting to each other.  LBJ is 27 and has now become an experienced, dare I say veteran.  LBJ wasn't that great in Cleveland either by himself.  Comparing JLin who is basically in his sophomore season to a veteran player is stupid.  On this rockets team, jlin has been asked to be the facilitator and not the scorer.  His improvements in defence and turnovers are part of that process.  The rockets have 2 pieces to built on.  Miami bought the nba title by paying for 3 franchise players.  They've become the NY Yankees of the nba and that's why everyone roots against them.
2001_SpaceOdyssey::cannot wait rockets kill ny knicks
DanNYC2816::and the rockets bought their big 3 as well, its just an inferior big 3
DanNYC2816::actually he WAS that great in cleveland by himself
kdiddy89::at least LeBron's not clutch right
Excelscior1::Bogus call, flop for Lebron on that loose ball rebound, during the end of the game, when Houston could have won it.
cbbaseball19:::'(
DuaneXC::I'm glad the Rockets are competitive but, losses like this one and Portland are painful...
bryan32603::LeBron haters will always cry about the refs giving him calls.  You can say the same thing about every superstar in the league.  Kobe, LeBron, MJ when he played, Pierce.  That's just how it goes.  It balances out.  You haters only see what you want to see.  They never mention the no-calls that go against LeBron or when the other team's players get a beneficial whistle from the refs.
George7844::bryan32603 - "LeBron haters will always cry about the refs giving him calls.....That's just how it goes.......  It balances out.  .......You haters only see what you want to see. "   That's the most ret*rded statement I have ever heard !!! You win the RET*RD prize, Dawg!!!!  You don't have to be a hater to see the disparity in the officiating that goes on. If the officiating is not EQUAL, then it's not worth watching or giving it a scintilla of credibility. That's why I will never again pay good money to go see such a farce. I just don't get where you say, "It all balances out." That is nothing but a CRAP statement. THAT might be HOW IT GOES.....and that's why the NBA is going the way of professional wrestling !!!
kaveman311::"That's just how it goes.  It balances out" ----------------------------- What balances out? What your saying is that if you don't have a superstar on your team then you won't get the calls and you should just deal with it. Thats why this league is a joke.
ERT4Braves::When I read the word "heroics" i was expecting Lebron to have saved an orphan  or something like that.  I guess what espn should have wrote is "Lebron does his job and scores points to win a game".
kaveman311::bp..you should expect more from your journalists.
bp2685::what did you expect from a sports website...you should stick to watching news.
Lucia_D1981::LeBron is in top form, and it's only early November.
cbbaseball19::Rashard Lewis needs to go!
Modano21::I was at the game and by no means like either team, but I can tell you, it was the heroics of the REFs that GAVE the Heat this game!
bp2685::Harden ball hogging 2x in the last minute refs fault, Lins air ball refs fault,  coach taking 2 TO in a row refs fault.
dangles19::butthurt
Texasdbest::this ain't the NFL replacements..
menganito19::WOW, where was the bad call? again with the refs
George7844::Aicyla22 - no one fouled bosh on that dunk and just before that lin traveled and it wasnt called. it goes both ways.  LOL---HUH ??? You mean they actually CALLED a traveling violation in the NBA ?? Why, I've seen them take 4 steps without dribbling and it's not called !!! That's why the NBA is such a farce!!!
Aicyla22::i agree with u, it is what it is, i dont understand why ppl would even watch if the refs bother them so much
menganito19::i know it goes both ways, this people always putting the refs excuse
Aicyla22::no one fouled bosh on that dunk and just before that lin traveled and it wasnt called. it goes both ways.
sportsInput2::The Heat's D looks sluggish and off mark, but the offense looks strong. Lebron has started off playing great ball again and is the best active player in the NBA right now. If they return to some decent D before, or in, the playoffs, they'll be tough to stop (unless injuries).
Texasdbest::The d will come along once Allen and Lewis get more adapt to the way they play..but as the season goes by they will get back to playing great d
Can I Get Some Butter With That Roll::No team will eclipse the Bulls 72-10 record.  PERIOD.
thejunesuntanked::The Lakers could win 72 games.....in the next 2 seasons.
