yawle7::Suns ownership sucks... This is the worst team in decades... Nash should be allowed to go to a contender...
slamminsammy006::Great win Rockets! Suns fans, I feel for you guys. I have tons of respect for the Suns and certainly wish they beat Michael Jordan and the Bulls in the 1993 NBA Finals. This Rockets fan feels like you guys deserve better than what you have had this year. Best of luck to you guys (except when you play the Rockets) over the rest of the season, and please beat both of those L.A. teams. I'm sick of hearing about teams in the entire state of California all the time.
1bullsbears6::gota disagree wit u about jordan...41 points a game in that series but i did love the rockets wit hakeem i think that would of been a 7 game series if they played jordan and the bulls...and i couldnt say who would win that rockets team was really good
YoungKeeks30::Allen Iverson and his latest legal issues http://www.the-outfielder.com/2012/02/we-talkin-bout-practice.html Check out what's going on in the wide world of sports http://www.the-outfielder.com
Forkitout24::I predicted Frye's performance again!!!! Get him off the roster or put him at 9 man
Colin Cowherd is awesome::GO SUNS
AZwildcatz4life::trrgrwewerew
YoungKeeks30::Kyle Lowry and his latest legal troubles #TheOutfielder http://www.the-outfielder.com/ http://www.the-outfielder.com/2012/02/i-didnt-know-summer-charity-games-were.html
zinkerled::I wish I was a Minnesota Timberwolves fan.. must be nice.
ThirdCoastTexan::so let me get this straight....you want to be a delusional cretin?
slamminsammy006::Washington State sucks. That's why Colin's home state of Washington don't have a team no more, while Texas has 3 teams.
Colin Cowherd is awesome::texas sucks
wileyrummel::how come KMart only played 17 minutes? Did he get injured again?
rj10328::who cares the Rockets won
wileyrummel::ok thanks, I wasnt watching
Darrel3k::coach want the bench to play up by 20
slamminsammy006::Yeah, I'd rest the starters as well when up by 20.
nayyyyyy::rockets gonna get raped again tommorow night against the wolves!!!! yeah buddy
Darrel3k::sweet now it's LAL vs Den
slamminsammy006::Can't stand either team! From this Rockets fan, the Suns and the Thunder are the only other teams in the western conference pulling for. For eastern conference, I'll support the Bobcats, Magic, and the 76ers.
slamminsammy006::Bobcats only cause they are based out of my home state! They brought the NBA back to North Carolina after those sorry @$$ Hornets betrayed North Carolina.
Colin Cowherd is awesome::yay
Orange602::Good job, Suns
rj10328::go Dragic!!!
JOE CARLS::Do DO  DO-DO-DO another one bites the DUST!! Come on Lottery!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ThirdCoastTexan::http://games.espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=6scfezf    Martin for Pek  http://games.espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=7d9guyx  Scola for Cousins
Cylentkiller::Officals sucking rockets dick today
slamminsammy006::waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh waaaaaa waaaaa waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
bobbydagreat::They deserve it after last night.
Hibachiarenas::It's the best kind.
RapCity26::Suns cut this to 8 with 3 to go!
yanksoverthesox11::what drug r u on?
Colin Cowherd is awesome::life is my drug
rj10328::what game are you watching
Darrel3k::Oh dear here come the meltdown
Hibachiarenas::You guys think The Rockets will win?
Hibachiarenas::Nice. I put some money on Detroit and Houston today against my better judgement.
JOE CARLS::s h i t  yeah they will
bobbydagreat::It's pretty likely.
zinkerled::Charles Barkley could rejoin the Suns and be their best rebounder
rj10328::if they make the basket ball out of donuts
JOE CARLS::easily!!
Orange602::That's what I want to see from Morris
ryannd9::That's what I want to see from your mom.
Orange602::Suns have their best lineup on the floor
JOE CARLS::THERE is the Big Dufus Lopez
Orange602::Stop taking so many jumpers, Morris
JOE CARLS::Hopefully Morris works on his post game this summer because he could be really good next season if he looks to keep improving
Darrel3k::wowowowohohwhwhwo Side show BOB????
bobbydagreat::I'm really glad the Rockets got Dragic
Sgtever::I agree he looks like he can develop into a good point guard
bobbydagreat::Would have been a great trade.
bandwagoner195::PAU GASOL?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
bobbydagreat::I honestly love every trade that Daryl Morey has ever made.
Sgtever::Rockets taking care of business like they should.... Go Rockets Houston Rockets Fuel Fan Zone
zinkerled::Search youtube for 'robin lopez monster dunk' then ask yourself WTF?
Mr Ntense::why did the suns sign redd again?????
JOE CARLS::he has name value and can sell tickets, also Sarver probably thought signing him would take Suns fans minds off of the big picture that we SUCK!!
JOE CARLS::Houston is just shot blocking machines tonight i guess
bobbydagreat::Bud, doing work.
Adrianch01::He was doing so that past 2 games before the Spurs game, and they didn't play him!
JOE CARLS::with this whooping going on we will probably see Redd and Lopez at some point tonight lol lol
JOE CARLS::im glad phoenix isnt resigning him after this season now thats a thumbs UP!!
zinkerled::Lopez likes reading comic books more than playing basketball
Adrianch01::That was a weak dunk by Shannon..
jukedoublespinmove::Lowry's gonna get a tripe double tonight
Adrianch01::Where is Aaron Brooks?
steviebizzle::china
Adrianch01::Okinawa
txaggie3711::Senagol
Darrel3k::hong kong
Adrianch01::North Korea
Adrianch01::Somewhere in Africa
bobbydagreat::Fort Huachuca.
Darrel3k::Bangkok
Darrel3k::Mexico
Adrianch01::Mexico
bobbydagreat::Tijuana
zinkerled::MORE CHINA
Darrel3k::Philippines
Adrianch01::Japan, Korea, China, who cares. They all look the same..lol
bobbydagreat::Vietnam.
Darrel3k::korea
Adrianch01::China
Adrianch01::Japan.
bobbydagreat::China
Darrel3k::CHINA
zinkerled::He was smart enough to stay in China
JOE CARLS::China
bobbydagreat::China
ThirdCoastTexan::in china
Darrel3k::let the collapse begin
mmallernee33::Budinger looks like a q-tip
mmallernee33::is that like a super ginger
bobbydagreat::He's a blonde ginger.
JOE CARLS::Dudley has a vertical of a 90 yr old lady, i swear he gets blocked ALOT!
zinkerled::Humpty dudley can't climb the wall
zinkerled::How many years to they have Frye locked up at $5 mil?
JOE CARLS::i dont know but its to many !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
JOE CARLS::and Hill just looks 39 yrs old this season
Adrianch01::Does Scola really need to shoot 20 shots per game? I would suspect a scorer would shoot that much, which clearly he isn't..
zinkerled::woops, thought that said gortat for some reason
Adrianch01::Was about to say..
zinkerled::He's second in the league in shooting percentage..
JOE CARLS::atleast Gortat has his normal double double, so atleast he is consistent
bobbydagreat::I can't wait for Patterson to take Scola's spot in the lineup.
ARIZONAFAN4EVA::nash should do more lobs to brown
JOE CARLS::Dudley starts for us but on any good team he is the 8-9th man in rotation. I just dont like Duds or Frye at all
Casecough::dudley would start on a lot of teams u dont no what ur talking about, hed be more likely to start on a lot of good teams as well because he plays good defense, hustles and always makes the extra pass..his athletism is his weakness which is shown more on a team like the suns because he has to be a primary scorer.
JOE CARLS::yeah Frye def Sucks like a pornstar
Orange602::I like Dudley, but he is definitely not a starter. Frye sucks, though.
Darrel3k::Nash like doin that lol
Adrianch01::Was Scola checking out Nash's $@%?
bobbydagreat::Scola being Scola.....
RapCity26::Get a damn rebound SUNS!
zinkerled::The Suns theory has always been that Nash will score enough points to make rebounding unnesesary (which is a very hard word to spell)
Orange602::-__-
