scottpilgrim33::Popovich shouldn't have to tell the spurs to get nasty. they already nasty. Tony parker looks like the dump i took last night
el_dude00::Hey look guys, a poet.
RespectForTex::At least talk trash intelligently. If you're mad about an embarrassing loss, just come out and say it...
widowjordan::In 2012, Spurs were the team to beat.  I went to their first playoff game against OKC.  Pop told them to "Get Nasty".  They did not.   Spurs chock during playoff.
I hate Jerry Jones::chock?  Another moron.....lol
TWex2120::If you went to their first game against OKC in the playoffs then you would know they won that game.
widowjordan::Spurs WILL not be the 2013 Champs.
dm mav::chris kamen is washed up we need to get rid of him. When is the last time he had a good game and rebounded well?
JohnnyCapre1327::Roddy Buckets is the new Dirk Nowitzki for the Mavs.
dm mav::your taking it too far
brian 936::$@%! THE NBA. I CANNOT WAIT FOR STERN TO RETIRE. THE MOST CORRUPT PERSON IN SPORTS.  THIS MAN GOT RICH BY SCREWING TEAMS WITH HIS REFS SO THE MOB COULD MAKE MILLIONS. CASE IN POINT: BENNET SALVATORE REFFING THE 2006 NBA CHAMPIONSHIP WHILE HAVING ADMITTED MOB TIES.  THE ONLY REASON THE MAVS WON THE RING IN  2011 WAS BECAUSE THE HEAT COULDN'T MAKE THEIR FREE THROWS.  I GUARANTEE YOU THE ONE THING STERN NEVER WANTED TO DO WAS GIVE THAT TROPHY TO DIRK. IT KILLED HIM TO DO IT.
scottpilgrim33::Also on another note, PLEASE kick Mike James back to the practice squad and just let Roddy be the backup PG. sure his consistency is an issue but Mike James is just not good. I'd rather have Delonte West back (off the court issues or not)
scottpilgrim33::Spurs got so lucky last night, IF the Mavericks weren't rusty on 4 days rest this would've been a easy win for the Mavs. Not to mention they foul like crazy.
el_dude00::An old team being "rusty" after 4 days at home. Whatever dude. They were rested, they weren't ready.
whoseyourdaddy60::04 pistons were wayy better than the '11 heat you fools. and the mavs are trash and didnt beat the spurs because they suck.
JohnnyCapre1327::He's right..the 04 Pistons are no way better than the '11 heat..Lmfao.
scottpilgrim33::great organization.... that hasn't won a title in 6 years. At least our title is more relevant and we beat a much tougher team than anyone you ever faced in your finals series.
No-account drifter::scottpilgrim33 - Sorry but the 2011 Heat were way better than the 04 Pistons. without question  Okay, yet another guy who is convinced that his subjective opinion trumps everything. Have fun in there.
scottpilgrim33::Sorry but the 2011 Heat were way better than the 04 Pistons. without question
No-account drifter::Beating the reigning champs doesn't count as tougher for you?
Egr_Troll_Nation_1.3::It's not luck...it's great players...that play for a great organization.
Egr_Troll_Nation_1.3::Who let the dogs out?
sean8567::ok
AustinBeal::http://espn.go.com/blog/truehoop/post/_/id/53864/killer-lineup-the-old-is-new-again-spurs  This is what happens when ESPN publishes articles that aren't written by Israel Gutierrez
I hate Jerry Jones::Wow, an article that shows reality versus the NBA's desire fantasy world.  WHen we're subjected to hearing about the Lakers woes and if/when they can right the ship, and see the freakin' "Heat check"...what a breath of fresh air to read this article.  Spurs fans, you gotta read this - someone writing for ESPN actually knows something about the game!
TeamworkToo::The Spurs are one of my favorite teams, but I'm not going to get too excited about this win. They were supposed to win this game against a team that is down towards the bottom. Nowitzki is not 100%, and then I look at the rest of the Mavericks team.
I hate Jerry Jones::As Spurs fans we don't get all too excited about the regular season, however, most of us truly enjoy the game of basketball and we love seeing the poetry in motion of the San Antonio Spurs.  But last night this game was never close, without Timmy and without POP.  the Spurs handed a horrible Mavs team their rear ends.  It was so much fun to watch.
sean8567::ok
sean8567::ok
I hate Jerry Jones::Typical ESPN headline regarding a SPURS win....they make it sound like the SPURS "held on" for a victory because TP9 was able to return.  ANyone who watched this game knows the SPURS completely handed the MAVS their rear ends the entire contest.  Aside from young player garbage time in the last 1:30, this game was NEVER close.  ESPN = SUCK
I hate Jerry Jones::i never felt like the SPURS were in danger.  Honestly.  It was obvious the SPURS were and are the superior team, and as good as the SPURS are and as bad as the mavs are i never considered the possibility of SA losing.
AustinBeal::I have to admit i was a little scared when the Mavs cut it to a 13 point defect with 7 minutes remaining and they were already in the bonus
rynospurs21::This team has got it roling. I just hope they have no more injuries or peak to soon.
FrancoNero007::Spurs will not make the West finals let alone the NBA finals!  FACT!
normajeane2010::Fact? More like fiction! Have you even paid attention this season? Keep it moving, bro!
rynospurs21::Sure buddy!
rynospurs21::How bad was Baynes first appearance. The crap was funny. He looked scared. Dont this that was the best time to put him in for the first time. It may have been better to put him in when they were up 26.
sean8567::they
rynospurs21::Cat got your tounge?
sean8567::lakers
You Got Rondo-ed17::I think this is the most misleading box score and final score ever for a basketball game. The Spurs were slapping the hell out of the Mavs this entire game.
nba is the worst::With the nets loss, Spurs have the longest win streak at 7. 25 road games complete.  Just gotta stay healthy
dadburnitson::Streaks start and streaks end.
No-account drifter::dadburnitson - Streaks start and streaks end.  your username &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;your post.
bluekaze21::when is Timmy coming back ?  and Pop ?
flyingstilts::Blair&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;splitter don't trade him
rynospurs21::That is crazy. There is a place for Blair on this team, but they cant really move Bonner so he has to go. Hopefully his trade value went up last night and the Spurs can get a early 2nd ropnd pick for him.
Goldengun3865::Too bad Blair gets dominated on defense.
krappie1010::It's been a while since I've seen the Mavs play -- I didn't realize Chris Kaman is now their best player.
You Got Rondo-ed17::It's sad.
JrueRandallHoliday::*yawn*  ... whoa? Did the Spurs play???
No-account drifter::A scout in Stein's weekend Dime: "For me, they're the most fun team to watch."  If you know basketball, the Spurs are great to watch. 3rd in scoring, 5th in pace, 1st in assists, 3rd in TS%. Their off-ball movement is great on both sides of the ball, their passing way above anyone else. As to everything that makes the NBA better than And1, the Spurs are the best team to watch. I feel sorry for anyone who doesn't get that.
You Got Rondo-ed17::I agree, they are fun to watch. Mostly because they play the right way.
EliteF22::Sucks for Ginobli.  Fun player to watch when he's healthy, but it looks like his body is breaking down.
Ivanov21::yes it is.. seems like he's just unable to stay healthy... I was afraid already when he took that charge in the first quarter. he just doesn't care. if he plays, he goes hard.
Hondo Kid::Spurs keep on rolling along.  Back to Att center to continue the win streak.  I see nincompoop showed up finally.  I won't bother reposting his prediction.. wromg again doofus.
bnair14::TO the slam dunk f@g00t plz amputate your ear. Plz dude im tired of looking at em
Brian32768::Would you care to repeat that in cogent English?
slam_dunk_on_u::Is Popazit resting pepe lepeu tomorrow night? Just wondering since he regularly do that even when injuries are mild and insignificant (like the scrub Leonard,)
HookemHorns1957::I see the Faker Troll "slam" (and I use that term loosely) is once again on the Spurs winning board.   Must be too painful to be on the Fakers losers board, since they are now only about  55% as good as the mighty Spurs.
slam_dunk_on_u::Is Popazit resting pepe lepeu tomorrow night? Just wondering since he regularly do that even when injuries are mild and insignificant (like the scrub Leonard,)
Nerissa2525::Nice prediction Imp
Hondo Kid::Spurs win again.  Go spurs
Texans Nation. WE SOLUTE NO. 99::Spurs final record would be 64-18. Hopefully we can pass the thunder.
Sethbandera57::I've become convinced that if Parker had to play an entire season without Duncan he would average 22 and 10
Goldengun3865::Try 25/10
slam_dunk_on_u::The spurts suck!!
HookemHorns1957::And the Fakers swallow
Texans Nation. WE SOLUTE NO. 99::Stop liking your own comments squirt
mdupnic09::wrong again
Sethbandera57::Just stop. The only reason he trolls is because he wants the negative attention. If you ignored him he would stop posting and probably kill himself.
slam_dunk_on_u::The spurts suck!!
Nerissa2525::35 and 11suck ? hahaha what do you call your Lakers ?
TRIPPIN76::Damn your team sux like the lakers!!!
Greygoose crew::Trade Dirk for luke Walton
el_dude00::Great game, great effort Mavs.   Go Spurs!
charliharper::I route for the Mavs. They need to give Dirk a break and rebuild this team from scratch. If Cuban has that much money, get rid of all the others and start over.
Egr_Troll_Nation_1.3::Spurs gotta keep the winning ways up...Rodeo trip not too far away!
texspot1972::Mutha F'ers
Egr_Troll_Nation_1.3::Goooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!! Spurs!!!!! Goooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!
cltr0430::I am a spurs fan, but I hate to say this, Stern wants a rematch between his beloved Heat and the Thunder, so he is going to do everything within his power for that to happen just like in the playoffs last year.
cltr0430::I guess you didn't watch the turn over point last year that lead to the Spurs loosing to the Thunder in the playoffs. A whole bunch of BS calls.
VolkieG::Watched all those games. My brother and I even made the trip up to OKC to support the Spurs and watch one of the games up there. Didn't think the calls were really one-sided. OKC just out-played us. That happens sometimes.
kirt02::yeah, spurs got screwed... but strangely, they tried to screw OKC vs the Lakers
VolkieG::Spurs fan also, and not a fan of Stern, but I think that's kinda cynical.
VolkieG::Actually wasn't able to watch the game last night, Vaquero. I teach 8th grade math and coach 7th grade basketball, and the first day of our district basketball tournament was last night. Didn't get home until almost 10.
Vaquero In The House::I don't know, it seemed the refs were calling every foul imaginable on the Spurs in order to slow down the game &amp; give the Mavs some rest, while Tony Parker got smacked in the eye requiring stitches &amp; was never put on the line?  Things that make you go hmmm!!
Him Down Stairs::Man... so disappointed in these mavs tonight...  Roddy Im proud of you... Lets play like that for now on
truetotheend2.0::15 wins away from another 50 win season...Spurs Rule
Qbell79::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5n7FUxSdBK8
Nerissa2525::Where is the Imp who predicted that Spurs will lose back to back games?
Vaquero In The House::His name is Dumbo!
Egr_Troll_Nation_1.3::You mean Dumbo Ears?
Egr_Troll_Nation_1.3::He's busy preparing for his useless predictions again.
Nerissa2525::Hahaha yeah
Egr_Troll_Nation_1.3::You mean slam dork?
Egr_Troll_Nation_1.3::The Spurs single handily took care of the mavs
Egr_Troll_Nation_1.3::I'm looking for that letsgomavs fan! Hmmm....where can that fella be at?
Tha Gleeps::Busy crying
