Stealyourface111::.
Heat Fan Since 1866::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dWAmd4Zh4g
koke359977::lol
brandonlee561heat22::Awesome
brandonlee561heat22::Heat win = 2500 comments Heat lose = 5000 comments  I dont get it
oblique15::I noticed that lol but the Heat are the most hated team cause of Lebron and its a game nobody could have possibly expected them to lose
Johnnie5383::people want to see the heat lose
nba is the worst::Saturday night and obvious blowout game
oneandonlybabe::Time to move on to today's games.
Mingism::The Heat are going to be in serious trouble.  Apparently the MVP for this team is Joel Anthony because the was the principal reason they were able to pull away in the 2nd quarter, he had 2-3 blocks, changed a bunch of shots after the Hornet guards broke down the Heat guards.  It seems Bosh has gone back to his turtle habits of crawling back into his shell and not becoming an aggressive power forward and everyone wants to be on the offensive breaks instead of doing the dirty work like defensive rebounding, taking charges, blocking shots, closing lanes except for Anthony...I love this team but the championship has given birth to prima donnas not greedy champions.
nba is the worst::I was at a game so didn't watch, but I heard Bosh missed multiple dunks, and didn't rebound much.  Found the youtube! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pEg3lOBRtiM
oneandonlybabe::It was a humbling game for Bosh no doubt. Three missed dunks in a row.
oneandonlybabe::Yes, let's all get on board the Joel Anthony for MVP campaign!
oneandonlybabe::Oh I know. I have been calling for Joel to get more minutes. Whatever you sacrifice on offense he more than makes up for on the defensive end.
Treydey10::He's right, Joel Anthony is a liability on offense, but the guy can play some D.He blocked  some shots, and change some shots also. Calling him the MVP is a stretch, but the team is better when he plays.
nba is the worst::The Hawks seem to play better in Miami than in Atlanta, and this time both teams will be rested (for once).  Horford is finally getting back to playing well, and the hawks want to atone for their pathetic showing in game 1.  Must see TV!
nba is the worst::It's a shame it has to conflict with that NFL matchup - oh well
oneandonlybabe::Thanks for the correction of my typo, my eyes are not what they used to be, hehe. Well you are at fault for my jumping to wrong conclusions. I've caught you spewing stats too often and getting things wrong at the same time. Hard to imagine you play any sports judging by the time you spend on here, but good for you. Kudos.
nba is the worst::You frequently jump to wrong conclusions, it's one of your main attributes. I'm a basketball player and fan, and so also watch and analyze the game.  BTW, it's "Canning".
oneandonlybabe::Yes, it explains that I know more about a great variety of sports than most people. I'm not a basketball or football or baseball fan. I'm a sports fan. But I knew you were coming back with that but I can tell you that while at first I thought you knew and actually watched a lot of basketball I now know you basically go by stats and to quote Camming: "I can prove anything by statistics but the truth"
nba is the worst::Maybe that explains a few things...  ;)
oneandonlybabe::I'm always watching many things at once. It's just normal for me.
nba is the worst::Ummm - one with each eye?  Heat game starts earlier, but having to switch back and forth in the 2nd half is less than optimal
oneandonlybabe::Can't you watch both?
oneandonlybabe::Atlanta has been playing/winning more than I expected and there is no other team, that I can't think of, for which home court is less relevant.  They are always dangerous -until playoff time so far.
PhillyPhuntic::For the next 4-5 years, Kevin Durant and LBJ will be fighting for the MVP. LBJ will probably end up winning most of them.
oneandonlybabe::Do you really think so? I think as Durant gets older and continues to improve all aspects of his game he'll have the upper hand. Time is not going to stop, not even for Lebron, hehe.
Djuki 3::wow, i lost 440 last night on Pacman =/
Djuki 3::it looked like Pacman had it, then the last second, powwww
Djuki 3::yes, absolutely correct, i've learned my lesson =P
nba is the worst::One lucky punch - good idea to avoid bets on mano y mano sports
Djuki 3::yea it was.  i'm never betting on boxing again
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::It was a good fight.
nba is the worst::Ouch.  Wizards covered too
Djuki 3::yeah it didn't look likely at all, got lucky
nba is the worst::Which ended up being in doubt with 2 minutes left too. GS is certainly playing better though
Djuki 3::lol i know by half a point, i pushed with the over 100 on that one though
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::I was remembering when you said you bet on Pacman last night. Ouch
Djuki 3::lol first it was 220 or 225, then the line moved to 210, then last few minutes to 250.  so i doubled by bet =(
PhillyPhuntic::nba is the worst Why are facts funny to you? This season heat opponents have shot more fts than the heat (1st time ever in the lebron era) ------------------------------------------ This moron just proved the refs are not helping the Heat. This guy cries and complains a lot, doesn't he?
nba is the worst::You seem confused.  The past 2 seasons, the heat have led all postseason teams in ftas and ft differential, substantially higher than their season avg.  OKC led the reg season in ftas, then was -17 in the Finals
PhillyPhuntic::Well you were posting the same thing over and over again about the refs and the FT advantage the Heat had over other teams, but you failed to mention that the refs don't only favor the Heat. They favor any big market teams. David Stern once said that his dream NBA Finals matchup would be "Lakers v Lakers".
nba is the worst::gee, imagine an intelligent response from the same guy that just went with the beyond lame "parent's basement" crap...  Carry on ! ;)
PhillyPhuntic::Thank you for giving me a rational answer. To be honest, I hate the NBA as well, due to the fact that its a league filled with crooked refs and is run by an evil, money greedy, S.O.B. But I still try to enjoy the game. Its the only pro basketball league in America. The league will always have a dark cloud hanging over it because of its past (2002 Lakers, 2010 Lakers, 2006 Heat, etc.)
nba is the worst::No, I'm way ahead.  One reason is that I analyze referee tendencies, because the officials in the NBA have the most influence regarding outcomes of all pro sports
PhillyPhuntic::Did you lose money betting on basketball or something?
nba is the worst::Posting about free throw attempts is clearly "about basketball".
PhillyPhuntic::So are you going to ever talk about basketball, or is this all you do with your life?
Mr. Nut Job::It's rare indeed for the NBA's Laziest team of all time the Heat to cover the spread.  Amazing!  It did go down to the wire!  It should be nice if the Heat get knocked off early!
PhillyPhuntic::nba is the worst Miami was handed massive ref help the past 2 seasons.  Have you noticed the league has dialed that back now that lebron got a ring*? ------------------------------------------------------- Lay off the cactus juice, its messing with your brain. Your conspiracy theories have a lot of holes in them.
nba is the worst::Sure, did you know the NBA has 2 felony convict refs?  (Every other sport FIRES officials that are convicted of crimes)...  Those refs are often responsible for HUGE statistical outliers in playoff games - coincidence?
PhillyPhuntic::Pay up b*tch.
nba is the worst::Fail. Delete your account for stupidity.
PhillyPhuntic::I guess I'm right. Pay up.
nba is the worst::And now the moronic cliche's.  smh
PhillyPhuntic::20 bucks says you're living in your parents basement with a Dwyane Wade and LeBron James poster hanging on your wall.
nba is the worst::Way to refute - bet you were on the debate team in college
PhillyPhuntic::You must cry and complain a lot...
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::Brandon  Did you see the reaction from the guy outside of the ring when Pac got knocked. He was like "oooohhhhhh daaammnnn"  1:32 part of the video  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IDgZtBDQ0jk
brandonlee561heat22::i saw that, it was like he wanted to help him up too haha
vicmo25::nba is the worst.................  I leave you with this, keep crying yourself to sleep at night saying that Miami won only won because of the refs and Stern............keep telling yourself it was only a shortened season (even thou the playoffs wasn't shortened and players still gave max effort).............keep telling yourself all of these things if they help you sleep better at night..............Miami needs haters like you to keep them motivated anyways
nba is the worst::I don't need to "tell myself" facts - they speak for themselves.  Miami could care less what the haters think, but <b>they</b> clearly are concerned with their level of play so far, right?
vicmo25::nba is the worst - I didn't miss the point at all. Of course we will see what happens in the playoffs. But the heat clearly aren't as hungry as they were "the past 2 seasons", right?  --------------------------------------------------  Dude calm down, it's only December (week 2 of the NFL) and they're 13-5.......it's not like they're at .500 or a game above .500...........No need to go all out right now for them, they pacing teamselves for the playoffs.............Miami knows that they'll be in the playoffs, it's just a matter of getting their and being healthy
nba is the worst::Seems like you're the one that needs to calm down, Vic.  The heat have been underwhelming so far, despite the cake schedule, wouldn't you agree?  Hawks come in on a win streak and 9-1 in the L10 -  and will be the 1st team in weeks to NOT be on the B2B in Miami.  Let's see how the heat do.
vicmo25::once again........its December dude, you're paying too much attention to it.............if Miami was like .500 then i would be worried but they are sitting at 13-5 in 2nd place..........im ok where they are right now
nba is the worst::Hey blh, UNM now 10-0 after last night (I was there, not their best work but won with defense)
brandonlee561heat22::Not to bad, seems like their schedule is fairly easy too in the coming weeks
nba is the worst::Next tough one is the 27th @ #11 Cincinnati
vicmo25::Miami vs top teams in the east in regular season (since big 3)  Boston 2-6 Chicago 2-5  HOW WELL HAS THAT TURNED OUT FOR BOSTON AND CHICAGO THE PAST 2 SEASONS IN THE PLAYOFFS
buffaloroamer::Miami is a playoff team for sure. Regular season is there to keep us busy until the real season starts in April/May.
nba is the worst::Miami was handed massive ref help the past 2 seasons.    Have you noticed the league has dialed that back now that lebron got a ring*?
nba is the worst::Why are facts funny to you?  This season heat opponents have shot more fts than the heat (1st time ever in the lebron era)
vicmo25::LMAO...........ROFL @ you
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::Good win for the Heat but how about that knockout by Marquez last night. Right at the end of the round too. The funny thing is Marquez lost that round but came through in true MJ-esque form in the last second.
brandonlee561heat22::at the buzzer
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::It happened so fast I was kinda wondering if a part of it was Pacman tripping his feet as well but nope. Clean hit finished him.
brandonlee561heat22::Pacman got knocked outtttt
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::Not just that he got knocked out but he got knocked stiff. He was face-planted/lifeless for quite a few ticks.
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::She was losing her mind.
brandonlee561heat22::I know man, that was brutal, his wife was freaking out haha
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::Its the first thing I thought about when I woke up.
KingBaboonMamba::No one cares about boxing   -Tyson
KingBaboonMamba::NBA is the worst loves the heat , has a mold of king James D$&amp;k in his bed
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::Who cares what worst thinks right now. Did you see the knockout last night.
J DOGG942::He likes the Knicks
nba is the worst::Heat fans have short memories, apparently...  Knicks vs 1-win Wizards 108-87 W Heat vs 1-win Wizards 105-101 <b>L</b>
J DOGG942::Yes it is unlikely to repeat but it dosen't matter it has still been done before
J DOGG942::Yes u can then you can make the arguing well there wasn't any three point line but that dosen't matter they still dominated
J DOGG942::Not many but dosen't mean it is impossible
nba is the worst::Which explains my use of the word "unlikely"
KingBaboonMamba::Utah vs bulls
J DOGG942::NBA is the Worst why are you even here if you think the NBA is worst. Actually there are five teams that have ever done it  Boston and if you count every one of there 11 championships as 2 that is alot, Lakers twice, Rockets, Bulls twice, and Pistons.
nba is the worst::My name was chosen as a protest to the rigged officiating that frequently affects outcomes in Stern's NBA.  As for repeating, the last team that did it without Phil Jackson coaching was the Rockets in '95.  Can't compare the early NBA because there was no free agency, that's why Boston owned the league then
J DOGG942::Meant only
J DOGG942::It will be another OKC vs. Heat finals.  The inly team in the west that can stop OKC is Memphis and both LA teams but I think OKC can handle that.  The only team in the east that can stop Miami in the east are the Knicks and Celtics because Celtics have a history of showing up in the playoffs
nba is the worst::Unlikely - when was the last time BOTH Finals teams got back to the Finals the next year?
ButtaSports::keep shooting 40  threes a game see how far that gets you in playoffs
nba is the worst::But the Knicks have a DPOY center, good perimeter defense, and the lowest turnover rate as well.  Kind of like the Magic (Finals '09) but with a center that makes fts.  Uh oh...
ButtaSports::old age and a ton of threes is a recipe for disaster at some point
nba is the worst::If those shots are wide open, they will go down just like in the reg season
J DOGG942::1 Heat will catch up.
vicmo25::cool story bro............only problem is that that was then and this is now.......and now we are 13-5 and in 2nd place in the east
nba is the worst::I didn't miss the point at all. Of course we will see what happens in the playoffs.  But the heat clearly aren't as hungry as they were "the past 2 seasons", right?
vicmo25::You clearly missed the point.............  the point was, lets see what happens in the playoffs......Knicks could beat Miami now but this is like week 2 of the NFL right now..............lets see in the playoffs how well it goes
nba is the worst::Note to heat fans:  <b> It isn't the past 2 seasons. (There's good reasons why so few teams repeat)</b>
vicmo25::Celtics have beaten the Heats the past 2 seasons in the regular season matchup.............hows that turned out for the Celtics, the past 2 seasons
ButtaSports::will see in the playoffs how far the knicks get against heat
nba is the worst::Well, because the knicks own the tiebreaker, 1.5
vicmo25::the Knicks........but by how many games?
nba is the worst::Which team is in 1st, and is 2-0 vs the heat?
nhraven52::Finally the Heat start to play.
J DOGG942::How is that funny
nba is the worst::Rested vs a 5-win team on the B2B, awesome
bp2685::i saw alot of ur posts the day after they beat the heat, I think u should support them when they lose also.
nba is the worst::Yesterday - why is that funny?
bp2685::lol december 8
nba is the worst::Does this one count? nba is the worst Knicks are shooting .407 from three this season so far - good, but both OKC (.426) and miami (.411) are better.    No reason they can't keep shooting at that rate with the kind of open looks they're getting.    What sets the Knicks apart is the combination of low turnovers and (with the exception of 1 game) defense. Who would have picked them to be top 10 in points against? (8th) 1 fan likes this. December 8 2012, 9:58 AM ·
bp2685::aren't u a knicks fan...why dont i see a single post on knicks board.
PhillyPhuntic::billontmygod whenever lebron gets a triple double (hogs the ball too much) he upsets other players' rhythm and heat lose. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Hogs the ball too much? You do realize everytime he reaches a triple double, he dishes out at least 10 assists. How does that disrupt other players rhythm? You don't know what a ball hog is, do you? This was probably the dumbest post I have ever read.
nba is the worst::Triple-doubles in losses are (WAY) overrated
sour diesel from a rabid weasel::meth is a hell of a drug
Chicagocold312::Well here we go again with the Heat's regular routine of beating up on the lil guys style of ball that they play.
vicmo25::what are you talking about............they are suppose to win those kinds of game.............they are suppose to beat up on the lil guys
pseay70::I don't like the Heat but its pretty bad when the media blows up over them losing two games. They did have to come back from a bunch at the end but a win is a win.
Vaporburn::Can someone explain why the stats page of ESPN omits Wade? I check on the top 10 scoring which he actually is and his name doesn't even show up in the top 50 at all. Anyone know the reason?
.antistratfordian.::<i>"* To qualify, a player must be on pace to play 70 games or score 1400 points."</i>  Wade is on pace to play 68 games and log 1346 points.
a series of cunning stunts::heat got lucky  hornets &gt;&gt; miami
billontmygod::jordan-pippen &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;lebron -wade which leads to jordan &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;lebron
billontmygod::heat fans are worse than bubonic plaque
billontmygod::whenever lebron gets a triple double (hogs the ball too much) he upsets other players' rhythm and heat lose. Lebron's ball hogging works if you want to lose in the second round of playoffs in a weak eastern conf not win a championship
J DOGG942::Dude I am a Kevin Durant fan and on the court him and LBJ are rivals but LBJ is not a ballhog. He is avereraging 7 assists per game.  You have to respect LBJ and how good he is
lsbutler32::So you just said getting double digit assist is being a ball hog. I want you to think about that for a second and realize how dumb you sound.
BIGGDOGG2425::LeBron ball hogging!!!!!  Are you smoking dope?
billontmygod::kobe is a different type of ball hog. lebron is a smart ball hog.
721Antonio::Game 5 in the finals.....period end of story. bye
dark_angel_007_bond::You misspelled 'KOBE'
721Antonio::There is a cloud over a 13-5 team, that's how you know you are great....
721Antonio::I said LBJ would have 28, 12, and 7...at least he got the 7. I said the Heat would play close then make a big run, and they did that in the second q. All that matters is a win. We will win 4 more in a row....
billontmygod::lebrick = chokemaster supreme
J DOGG942::Has he beaten your favorite team again
dark_angel_007_bond::You have failed on being a troll, try harder
721Antonio::This only applies when he chokes your mother with his c.ock
dark_angel_007_bond::Knicks at it best = 14-5 record Heat struggling = 13-5 record
nba is the worst::Knicks 2, Heat 0  104-84 112-92
klocekak::Honestly ESPN and especialy sportsCenter make me sick nowdays. Now all you see on SC is teams from either NY or LA, and the Heat. They headline every Heat and Laker game, if they lose then there is 5 more segments on why and what they need to work on, but if they win the thers 8 more segments on how great they are. Then the NY Jets segments about Sanchez come on.... Icant even watch anymore
951Antonio::The key for Miami's win tonight was taking the ball out of Austin River's hands and making someone else beat them.  When the Heat used the tactic to triple team Rivers and make others shoot the ball, I knew the Hornets could not win this game.
721Antonio::Hey brother lol
Solid Lennon 8::The Heat's announcer in the arena is the most obnoxious person on earth.  If Chris Bosh spots up and hits a routine mid range jumper, down 20 points in garbage time to a team the Heat should beat easily, it's still "CHRIIIIIIIIIS BOOOOOOSSSSSSSSSHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!" as if it was the play of the year.
mookienation::Worst game of Lebron's career.  Still a good game, though.
nba is the worst::gm 4 of the '11 Finals (8 pts in 46 minutes)
gsquared112::Too bad Anthony Oden is looking like a bust. Hornets needed big man presence. Maybe next year's draft
nba is the worst::Ridiculous
Cruzcj2254::One opening. One opportunity. One shot. Manny walked right into it with 2 seconds left in the round and Marquez took it. All this after 42 total rounds. Thats 126 minutes of boxing. If you fight someone that long, you're bound to get lucky. I don't care what the outcome was. This was Marquez's night. Manny got overconfident and let his guard down for a split second. This does not prove that Marquez is better. Manny is still better overall. He just happened to walk straight into a bomb.
Solid Lennon 8::All boxing matches are fixed anyway so it is pointless to argue about them.
Cruzcj2254::Get the $@%! outta here. The 3rd fight was a toss up. It was really close. Could of gone either way. The knockdown by manny just gave him the slight edge to win it. The bradley fight was a balant robbery and fixed game.
zZSmokin..Kush24Zz::haha Whatever you say bro  http://i85.photobucket.com/albums/k71/Sanchez93/704021_10151140754206006_42909488_o.jpg  Laters im gonna Pacquiao now
Cruzcj2254::I never said he didnt win fair and square... All I said was that this fight proves nothing. ABSOLUTELY nothing. I'm not really into boxing or a big fan of manny. But if this was his last fight like many speculated, then I JUST HATE for his career to go down like this. Everybody is gonna blow him up over a single fight that he made a split second mistake. Thats all bro
zZSmokin..Kush24Zz::dude the last two fight between these two Marquez deserved the win Definitely on the 3rd fight but he got robbed, so what did Marquez did he Knocked Pacman the f.uck out just so he could prove that he deserved the Wins for the fights he got robbed....Luckily Pacman got robbed on the Bradely fight also
Cruzcj2254::BRO i can see if it was like in the middle of the round where Pac had his Guard up!!!!! But it wasnt!!! Two seconds from the bell!!! Manny made a bad judgement call. He stepped into Marquez with his guard down! If it was anything, its more of manny's mistake then a well timed skilled  punch by Marquez
zZSmokin..Kush24Zz::haha Well now he knows not to make that mistake ever again...F.UCK IT Marquez won fair and square  http://i85.photobucket.com/albums/k71/Sanchez93/77063_10151140722301006_284982933_n.jpg
Cruzcj2254::First knockout? You mean knockdown? No biggie. His first knockdown in 4 fights. He just got straight back up after that.
zZSmokin..Kush24Zz::you know what I meant though bro...haha yeah a 39 year old Marquez vs a Pacman probably on his best moment yeah Pacman is a great fighter but so is Marquez give him some f.uckin credit it wasn't luck it was a well timed punch by Marquez
zZSmokin..Kush24Zz::haha what about the first Knockout...did Marquez get lucky TWICE
dash2k4::Joel Anthony needs more minutes. He was a great defensive anchor last year. I understand that with a loaded lineup this season, he gets less floor time, but since defense is the problem now, Spo needs to put him a bit more.
951Antonio::He comes from one great basketball family. Joel Anthony, Carmelo Anthony, Anthony Davis and Anthony Antonio Davis.
Kobe 6-24 Game 7 Finals::They like playing small a little too much.
Fee.Forbin::It's December. Come May/June the truth will remain. Whether we like it or not, LeBron James can -at the flip of a switch - completely dominate a NBA game...when the clouds roll in.
Kobe 6-24 Game 7 Finals::Yep and they have to hope everyone else stays healthy.
Kobe 6-24 Game 7 Finals::Well yeah but you still wanna be healthy.
dash2k4::Health will be a factor for most teams. Hell, look at LAL. Can't even field a proper starting five.
JohndoMEnow1::Lebron x+ shoe brand new for sale!!  http://cgi.ebay.com/ws/eBayISAPI.dll?ViewItem&amp;item=181041287771&amp;ssPageName=ADME:L:LCA:US:1123
YngwieLesso::150 bucks for a shoe that cost 3 bucks to make in China..yay!
dash2k4::Nice shoes for sure, but the c/p is too low.
Kobe 6-24 Game 7 Finals::Gotta sell crack to afford them
Enec Know Ya::I would never waste 150 or so of my money on a shoe...
Kobe 6-24 Game 7 Finals::Pretty cool looking but a waste of money.
Kobe 6-24 Game 7 Finals::You would think this is a board for boxing and not basketball haha.
Enec Know Ya::Yerp...
Kobe 6-24 Game 7 Finals::Just burp
nflfan902::actually im glad mayweather vs pacquiao won't happen. these guys are too old and out of their prime.
zZSmokin..Kush24Zz::Pacquiao got KNOCKED THE F.UCK OUT hahah!!!!! YES
gt1master_ike::He didn't have mind control over Marquez.
951Antonio::Nor his PEDs.
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::Till next time folks.
dark_angel_007_bond::That's an embarrassing loss for Pacquiao
LaMarcus Aldridge::Bryon Mullen's poster dunk on me looks better after that Marquez KO punch.
brandonlee561heat22::im out later
koke359997::Later
Skynet33::"I'm gonna knock you out, mamma said knock you out"  -LL Cool J
koke359997::Lol nice
Skynet33::I had to try. lol
