SandyBeachesinla::Amnesty Dirk
Das Ravenator::5 pts third q?
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::It's a sad sight. Hopefully relief is not too far away.
GoLeafs76::ZBO is a double double machine
GoLeafs76::8 straight wins for the Grizzlies
MTN_HIGH_CO::Wow, 1600 comments.  Enough said.  But seriously, Mark Cuban needs to keep his trap shut and focus on his team.  Insert amnesty Dirk joke here.  And can you please finish off a game with a 25 point lead?  Come on, my nuggets are trying to finish 4th here!
Grindhouse2413::Yeah that's not going to happen
BuffaloBiLLiaM::Did anyone bother to proofread this article before posting it?! Numbers are wrong in a few places and some grammar is off. Apparently they gave the new guy a chance to post on a game they didnt see as a largely viewed contest. Either way...I'm a grizz fan thru and thru and my lady is a mav's fan. Needless to say, i went to sleep still 'not exhausted' ha. GO YOU MF'N GRIZZ GO!!!! I'll take it.
bfhastings::Ha, my wife is a Mavs fan too, she's from Dallas. Ha Ha but she doesn't hate the Grizz or anything and I don't hate the Mavs.
Swade_ND_Shade::I don't understand why the Mav's are garbage, they have a lot former allstars.
Swade_ND_Shade::Uhh..HELLL NO! Hakeem and Sampson were legendary. Gasol and Z-Bo aren't at that status. They haven't even been to the Finals yet.
OJSimpsonslovechild::I agree wholeheartedly.  One thing about the Grizz... no All Stars, but the chemistry is definitely there.
OJSimpsonslovechild::A bit reminiscent of the Twin Towers in Houston back in the day
bfhastings::I agree 100%... although Z-Bo and Gasol is a good throwback 1-2 punch
bfhastings::I think its the same for them too, just no chemistry, and that includes the coaching
OJSimpsonslovechild::The Lakers are wondering that same thing.
bfhastings::It has to be chemistry, they have some ballers, but nothing is clicking for them, and it has been a snowball effect I think for them all year.
pogi_mavs::Dallas shoud start  Center = B. James Power Forward = Nowitzki Shooting Forward = Marion Shooting Guard = Mayo Point Guard = Beaubois  use 3 bench player Carter, Crowder, M. James
twallace6936::I agree except Collison should be the back up point .He's a good spark off the bench and better suited to defend back up points.
Grindhouse2413::I believe......
doof54::The Clippers have been gifted an unfair advantage because of Hibbert's suspension for Thursday's game against the Pacers. The NBA needs to figure out how to apply any penalties to the game that is being played when the violation occurs.    I hope the Pacers kick the Clippers collective butts.
JCVX::Wow...Like all the critics said , "They cashed in their season when they traded Rudy Gay" LMAO..A couple of words here ... Let me state one thing now ...NO TEAM....I mean NO TEAM and that includes the Heat,Spurs,Thunder, Knicks, Pacers, Clippers and anyone else ..Wants ANY part of the nightmare that are the Memphis Grizzlies..  Home or Away ...
MTN_HIGH_CO::Denver is 2-1 against the Griz, so we will see how the 4th game plays out.
laurasman::Denver would kick the griz $@%
Mr. Bradford::"Trailing 51-26 with 5:25 to go in the second quarter halftime, the Grizzlies went on a 36-4 run spanning intermission, including the 20-0 rally to open the third quarter."  Can't wait for this season to end. Just embarrassing.
O Zone Pro.::Dallas most embarrassing game ever, lol. No team has done that bad.
O Zone Pro.::At least they scored more than 5 pts. in a quarter.
Mr. Bradford::Curry had 54 points tonight and was 11-13 from 3. His team lost because everyone else could only score 51. Wasted performance.
RAT_POISON_2012::5 points in  3rd quarter? I'd fire the whole team. It's a conspiracy.
040Carter::Been following a betting system named Sportsbettingstar the past few months. I've made around 2-3K a month profits using this systems advice. You will find the system on the first page of Google by searching for sports betting systems. I have bet on sports for a long time and tried many systems in the past and nothing is as accurate as this one.
mason8181::5 points in 3rd quarter? Deandre Jordan can make more free throws than that.
Griss13ears::That's funny
KBells87::5 points in a quarter? in the NBA?
larrybird77::Mavs averaged 21.5 points in the 1st quarter of each half of this game.
CBass1317::this Mavs team sucks.  there are some good pieces, but they sure can't figure it out.
bgbg32::I watched the 2011 Mavs DVD again last night - that's all mavs fans have these days. I still can't believe Cuban destroyed that team so fast.
bgbg32::Hey Cuban, how's that letting Tyson Chandler walk thing working out? Chandler only had 28 rebounds and 16 points tonight. Knicks are 14 games above .500, Mavs 7 games below.
basket_guru::it's not about Chandler. i'm sure, that with him the result would be almost the same, maybe a little bit more wins, but not a big difference. the main reason - Dirk is way not that beast, who was in 2011, Marion is not the same Marion, Kidd was much better than Collison as PG, as shooter, as defender. Terry was much more clutch player, than Mayo. and those guys was hungry to win.
FCTejas::Am ill
MemphisTn7414::Our wins are never pretty but a win is a win. GRIT N GRIND!!!
RebelShark79::The memory of that game one Clippers loss almost makes me feel for Dallas after stealing a win like that.  The Grizz are now 20 games over .500 and have a real shot at the three seed in the west.  Our offensive efficiency is only going to get better now that Gay isn't iso'ing the offense to death.  I can't wait for the playoffs.  Go Grizz!
Lyvaniel::The CLippers got us in the playoff last year  +20,we fell your pain Big D
CRUSH KILL DESTROY SWAG::MIssed the game, kinda glad i did too...
Grindhouse2413::No your loss man, the comeback was epic
JOHN-MCCLANE-::Scored 5 points in the 3rd lmao
GayyBittch::And hey Rick, why dont you let Morrow get some time to see what he can do.  We trade for the guy and then don't let him play at all.  Makes no sense he continues to give Mike James and Elton Brand huge minutes.
GayyBittch::Mayo is a losing player, always has been.  Guys a bum who always chokes under pressure.  Get rid of him in the offseason.
gasol1883::If I wasn't a fan of the Griz, and watched that kid grow up here I would agree, but you're wrong. Mayo was a baller in the clutch here for years, he many big shots here, even a few in the playoffs two seasons ago when the Griz almost got to the WCF. Mayo was playing great early, maybe him and Dirk don't mix.
bfhastings::Honestly man for Mayo I believe it is a confidence thing, and it unfortunately started here in Memphis. I don't think he got the vote of confidence from Hollins to be the player he was "supposed" to be and I think in his second year is when he started second guessing himself. His rookie year was pretty good here but after that we only saw sparks here and there, but nothing consistent. Sam could be said of Rudy, Rudy has alot of talent and for the most part he showed it, but there were games he would almost disappear. my $.02
faargsob::While it was great to see the Grizz claw their way back and the crowd to get behind them, it is unacceptable to go down by 25 to the Mavs at home. They can't come out of the gate like that because the Spurs and Thunder won't put up 5 points in a quarter in the playoffs. Good to get a win, but they need a better 48 minutes if they plan on beating the Heat on Friday night.
pharrigan7::Any team that has Mike James getting significant minutes is a sure loser.  They are going nowhere.  Why not play Roddy decent minutes and work with him.  Rick has badly managed that situation.
kurambis::Ya think?  Carlisle must have a personal issue with Beaubois.  One way a coach can mess with a guy's confidence is to play him irregular minutes and then jerk him the second he misses a shot, makes a TO, etc.  That gets a guy in a shell.  Carlisle has done this to Beaubois.  Now , he's benched him.  WTF?
Soul_Sonic_Force_2::Let the good times keep rolling at the Fedex Forum........and as always Love ,Peace,..and Grind
IAMpunter0926::Mayo for Catchings
Dirk2XMVP::I'm going to cry :(   25 point lead and lost the game.
use some logic::5 point quarters are hard to overcome
RUserious-2::I wonder if they're tanking because that is not even logical.  If they keep losing like that, we'll know they're tanking.  Remember:  Cuban is the star of shark tank so I wouldn't put it past him.
Mark55232::Less than two years removed from a championship, the mavs aren't even a relevant team.  How in the world can one city have two of the world's most stupid owners ???
gasol1883::Dallas was old when they finally got that ring, that was your team's "Swan Song". Even if Cuban had kept them together, they wouldn't have made another title run, they wouldn't be where they are, but they would be broke and not winning still. Let them make more moves before jumping ship.
RUserious-2::It's bad karma.  We need an exorcism or something.  Cuban morphed from being the best sports owner to being Jerry Jones.  It's a total mystery.
RUserious-2::rl558163 - I hate this year's team, but I know Cuban hates losing more than any other owner so I'm going to have some confidence that he will try an rectify this at least for Dirk before I start calling for his head like some spoiled, crybaby fans  We're fans who don't expect the owner to tank his own team.  Call it whatever your boss in the Mavs PR office told you to call it, we will say whatever we want to.  This team sucks and it's CUBAN'S FAULT!
rl558163::I hate this year's team, but I know Cuban hates losing more than any other owner so I'm going to have some confidence that he will try an rectify this at least for Dirk before I start calling for his head like some spoiled, crybaby fans
rl558163::Let's see, one owner has 3 Super Bowl rings...the other has an NBA title - There are many cities who wish they could at least lay claim to that - We Dallas fans are a spoiled group.
beavis4play::cowboys have 1 playoff win in last 17 years......
Kevin -Django Unchained- Durant::Mavs 25 up and lost? Dam
DynastyinBigD::I don't know if any other Mavs fans realize it but less and less people are showing up for games in Dallas at the AAC. I have no idea how mavs have the #2 attendance in the NBA but I've went to couple of games this year and not many people are showing up like years past. Dallas fans only show up win they have a winning product. Cuban needs to put that winning product back in or he is going to lose fans very fast.
Mark55232::Tyson Chandler brought toughness to Dallas.  He was a moron for letting him go!
rl558163::I can't argue that - I hated Chandler leaving, but we don't know everything that went on, so to call an owner a moron is a little silly...especially one that made Dallas who they are.
rl558163::Also, there was no AAC before Cuban...It was Reunion Arena when he bought the team.  Have a little faith in the man that got Dallas its first title....the same man who believed in Dirk when everyone was calling him soft - Yes, this year is awful - it happens
rl558163::So what would you do since you know so much?  I mean, of course Cuban loves losing - It's a bad year - it happens - True fans know this and can appreciate what he has brought to Dallas.....not be the first rat to jump ship.
rl558163::Wow, I've been insulted by somebody online - I'm completely devastated - You just keep believing that you know more about sports and business than real athletes and businessmen and I'll do you the favor of logging off.
RUserious-2::rl558163 - Son, I've been a Mavs fan since before you were even born, but I'll be happy to be on Cuban's PR staff - Thanks for putting me up that high!  Actually it's about as low as I can put you.
rl558163::Son, I've been a Mavs fan since before you were even born, but I'll be happy to be on Cuban's PR staff - Thanks for putting me up that high!
RUserious-2::You can log off now.  Cuban said his PR staff can get off the blogs now.  This is a blog for Dallas fans.
Eric5669::Mark Cuban is pretty stupid not to get Dwight Howard now and I know I sound crazy but he is still a great defender.
rl558163::That's fine - kick Cuban while Dallas is down, but before Cuban....for us real fans who remember and lived it, Dallas had been a joke for a long time - He made them relevant and even managed a title over the hated Heat....It's funny how quick people forget and jump on the 'hate Cuban bandwagon'...Get real
sneaky smooth::Cuban is delusional
2705chase::The cowboys do, and will always have the players.... Its the management thats the problem...
DynastyinBigD::Someone needs to assassinate Jerry Jones so Cowboys can go back to their winning brand of style. Been a mediocre team for 17 years now. 8-8 isn't going to cut it
RUserious-2::Cuban is now Jerry Jones.  They're the same person.  How did that happen?
DynastyinBigD::I stopped watching the cowboys 5 years ago because of Jerry Jones. If Cuban doesn't bring any help for Dirk next year I will do the same
2705chase::I have to agree with you on this one.... Coming from a Giants fan. Games are more fun when both teams have something at stake.
2705chase::Yep... Just like Jerry Jones. Dumb*$# with to much money..... haha
john mayer can play the hell out of that geetar::"the mavs suck im out of here"  -derek fisher
His name is Cornelius and he invented Long Division::DIRK NEEDS TO GO TOO A WINNING TEAM , INSTEAD OF WASTING HIS LAST YEARS IN WITH THAT PATHETIC OWNER CUBAN
epitome1986::i feel if cuban can't even land a good player his offseason without overpaying him, dirk should leave when his contract is up. dirk has been nothing but class and is not fair that cuban is ruining his end.
Eric5669::what is the current winning streak for Memphis?
MemphisGuapo::The Heat have been owned by the Grizz lately.
Eric5669::I would like to see Miami Heat vs Memphis Grizzles in the NBA Finals this year.
GoTigers2015::8, going for 9 @ Miami on Friday
Eric5669::You are right but make the best team win!!
GoTigers2015::Should be a good game for sure, Memphis matches up fairly well against the Heat and have done well against them, so my optimism isn't all delusion lol
Eric5669::I like your optimism but the Heat will win!
john mayer can play the hell out of that geetar::now i see why memphis wanted no part of oj mayo lol
kingklick09::we will bc donnie and mark make dumb decisions
DynastyinBigD::Yea as a Mavs fan I don't want him either. I hope mavs don't resign him.
Sundog21121215::Yeah, They gave him away - and he's starting in Dallas?
sneaky smooth::Why doesn't Dirk guarantee they will make the playoffs?
bgbg32::except for Marion. I hope Dirk and Marion land with a real contender.
DynastyinBigD::Dirk isn't delusional. He knows this team is just himself and a bunch of junk surrounding him.
kingklick09::have you watched any games?
His name is Cornelius and he invented Long Division::DALLAS IS PATHETIC, HOW DO YOU LOSE TO THE GARBAGE LAKERS,BUCKS &amp; GRIZZLIES ?
timothyearl05::doesnt memphis have a better record than Dallas?
roy2daboy::Grizzlies aint no garbage troll!!!!
DynastyinBigD::Mavs are garbage this year and Dirk missed over 25 games this season
RUserious-2::Dirk and Kidd were upset with Cuban so neither of them started the season in shape and neither of them played worth a crap last year.  Cuban really messed up with all his players.  He's lucky to have Dirk be so loyal to him when he's screwing over Dirk.
DynastyinBigD::they made the playoffs last year sir
His name is Cornelius and he invented Long Division::THEY WERE GARBAGE LAST YEAR TOO
DynastyinBigD::let the tanking begin. I want mavs to draft Oladipo or Marcus Smarts
cavsfan4life74::5 points in a quarter. smh
kingklick09::you cant even call what we have a team
DynastyinBigD::yea its bad season for mavs fan. We don' even have a real center
john mayer can play the hell out of that geetar::randolph and gasol took turns bending dirk over the man is absolutely pathetic on defense sorry mav fans but FA is going to want to go to dallas to play with a washed up superstar and a bunch of 1 yr rentals time to build thru the lottery
john mayer can play the hell out of that geetar::im a troll for speaking the truth??
RUserious-2::Ignore the Mavs PR staff on the site.  They're getting paid to irritate the heck out of the fans on this site.
DynastyinBigD::you mean a troll scared to reveal his team cause he probably roots for a bad team
DynastyinBigD::who do you root for troll?
