Mark Sugimoto::Kinda feel bad for Knicks fans. They will never experience a NBA title as long as they have the defenseless ball hog Carmelo Anthony. He will NEVER lead the Knicks or any other team to an NBA title.
Allen Greene::Carmelo needs to take a page from LeBron and pass the ball and play Defense. he don't trust his teammates at all. and The Knicks have no inside scoring what so ever Patrick Ewing and Charles Oakley got to be laughing out loud at this team.
Steven Rivera::Jump off of Melo meat bro and what team who root for??? I guaranteed your team will never win anything ether
Allen Greene::Steven Rivera It isn't all Carmelo but this team shouldn't be 3 and 7 Losing Chandler badly hurts and STAT needs to get on the court more. and JR got to break out off his slump
Calvin Long::Melo got exactly the team he wants.  He gets to take all the shots and blame his teammates for not helping him.
Steven Rivera::what he wants?? Melo has yet to finish a season under 500 in his CAREER if he got what he wanted the team would be well over 500
Dane Aboushahba::Melo was my favorite player to watch 5 years ago, but he never was able to learn to distribute the ball and facilitate on offense, or play defense. He shoulda turned out like a less athletic version of Lebron, but he's too selfish. There's no glory in passing and playing D
Scott Baker::This Knicks vs. Nets thing is really heating up. First one to lose 10 games wins?
Jazmine Ortiz::ha!
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Melo should try passing to his 4 other wide open teammates
Floyd Hicks::CANT' DO IT!
Scott Hall::Why do you Knicks fans always try and trade Amare? NO ONE, and i repeat NO ONE wants him.,
Taylor Manes::Emanuel Walker Well As a Bulls fan I heard some bulls fans mentioned they would like to have melo.BUT WE ALL want Parker BADDD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Marcleen Bavogui::Taylor Manes but u are  not goin to get parker
Brandon Tigues::carmelo deserves a huge part of the blame for this loss also he only had 1 assist and 7 turnovers, how about using your teammates?
Demond Flemming::actually detroits defense is pretty good #1 in the league for forced turnovers and #1 in pts in the paint.
King Jaffe Joe::pay attention to all the knicks games, carmelo has actually passed the ball after driving to the lane, but most of the time the ball is kicked out to andrea who then misses the shot. part of an assist is the other person actually making the shot
Brandon Tigues::King Jaffe Joe  I watched tonight's game and he didn't do that..all the knicks did tonight was play isolation basketball
Jazmine Ortiz::the knicks owner expects a championship this year
Mark Sugimoto::Dolan is a fool.
Tony Hartmann::and a tool
Gene Cirillo::3-7......Lottery team with no 2014 #1........1973!!!!!
Michael McCreesh::You actually gav it for melo, along with will, galo, and mozy hahahahahahahahahahaha
Michael McCreesh::Gave
Rick New::Wow.  It just keeps getting worse and worse.  What a Depressing New York Sports year.  Yankees, Giants, and Knicks completely SUCK.  I am starting to believe that I will DIE before the Knicks win a ring.  I feel like a Red Sox fan before 2004.  It blows.
Andrew Gregory Kragt::I'd like to see the Giants come back and win the NFC East
Taylor Manes::LOL....LMFAO....Hey As a fan of chicago sports I like the cubs!!! HEY!! I FEEL THE SAME EAY!!..UGH I think I will be like 30 something before the Bulls get their 7th ring..Its frustrating especially when the heat is the only thing stopping you from getting it.... I think I would have a full of gray hair by the age of 27 because of stressing like this..
Taylor Manes::Andrew Gregory Kragt Kinda like the redskins did last season?
Ty Reeder::Carmelo refuses to pass the ball the second option Bargnani, what's up with that?
Marcleen Bavogui::hibbert is goin to have a field day tomorrow.. 3-8 record coming up
Brandon Tigues::lol same thing I thought, the whole pacers team is
Tony Hartmann::That game is going to get ugly fast.
Joriel Arias::paul gearge will probably score 25-30 since melo is allergic to defense. and hibbert will get almost 15-20 rebounds because Bargnani is a 7 foot 3point shooter
Julie Price::If the Knicks and Nets combined teams, they might be 41-41.
Allen Greene::Both teams aren't looking good.
Scott Carter::Gonna be interesting to see Jennings and JR go at it.
Marcleen Bavogui::lmao and the owner said i expect them to win the title this year hahahahahahahahaha
Eddie Cruz::lmao? what are you like 15 ?
Eric Pawlowski::Knicks are a trainwreck
Dave Randall::Knicks +4
Rasheedah Terry::The Knicks remind me of one of those football teams who fail to make the playoffs the year after losing the Super Bowl.  I think psychologically, the Knicks do not think they can compete with the other teams in the East due to their early playoff exit.  The players' body language shows that they are still disappointed about last year and that they lack confidence.  They need to erase last year from their minds.   There are plenty of teams in the NBA who have lost in the playoffs and regrouped and beat the very same team the next year.  However, they can't win if they don't believe in themselves and don't fight.
Floyd Hicks::Dolan won't except this much longer. Woodson has one foot in and one foot out. Few more loses at home and both feet out. Then again Dolan might wait until Tyson gets back to see what happens. His presence might be good for a couple of wins. When the whole team plays bad consistenly, unfortunately the blame falls on the coach and staff. Can't get rid of the whole team. Knicks need a new teacher and lesson plan.
Rasheedah Terry::A new coach is only going to make things worst.  Woodson needs to reconnect with his team and get these guys to go out there and fight.
Floyd Hicks::Seem like he CAN'T DO IT.
Eric Dorsey::looks like Carmelo has quit on this team. Throw in an injured Chandler, and a useless Stoudimire, and the "Big Three" is basically self-destruct.
Taylor Manes::Carmelo didnt quit..The team quit Lack of effort on both sides of the floor..They need to trade with other teams and pick up some big pieces..Im  sorry but they need to cut ties with JR Smith sadly.
Rob Soldo::Melo is a hog and he won't ever win a championship. He is the worst team player in the history of the sport, he shot his sister as well. He is a very bad person
Steven Rivera::Best season winning % then any superstar in the league since 2004
Seal Rchin::Championship????????????? WTF how about getting out of the first round.
Jody George Prats::He's a choker bro
Jody George Prats::I wish a was LeBron James.   --C Anthony
Seal Rchin::If you ever heard Carmellita talk she probably wouldn't know the difference between "I" and "a" either.
Jody George Prats::lol
Taylor Manes::Knicks starting five Melo,Rondo,Howard,Wiggens , Parker Championship. XD lol..If this  will never happen... Melo most likely wont pass the ball as much.. OR Melo,Durant,Hibbert,Parker,Rondo CHAMPIONSHIP!  2015,16,17,18,19,2020. YAYYYY lol.This will also NEVER happen...
Scott Hall::Dumbest post of the night award
Mark Sugimoto::Scott Hall Hey Yo
Shohan Pervaze::I DON'T CARE WHAT ANYONE SAYS… ITS UP TO THE COACH TO COME UP WITH A GAME PLAN… LOOKING AT THE GAME… THERE IS OR WAS NONE… NO IDENTITY… HOW CAN A COACH SAY THAT WE DONT HAVE IDENTITY… and its the 10th e ffin game. CLEAN HOUSE. WE ARE NOT MAKING PLAYOFF!!! IF THIS TEAM STAYS THE SAME!!!!! WE SHOULD BE WINLESS… EVEN OUR WINS WERE DISSAPOINTING
Silas Reyes::both N.Y teams are old and slow with no draft picks and a bunch of untradeable contracts. Why do their GM's think that championshio teams can be built that way? Future looks bleak for both teams.
Scott Hall::but but but they got melo
Anthony J Petroff::Scott Hall   7 TO's, 1 assist
Steven Rivera::Basically only 1 horrible contract and that contract is up after next season
Mark Ratliff::We need to trade Amare and Shumpert along with J.R. Smith we could do without Felton too. We need to make some moves to get better. Woodson cant help the lackluster performance of the Knicks.
Alex Hernandez::I would keep J.R. and just move him to sixth man again.  Making him a starter makes him a focal point of the offense and that's no good.    Here's my trade scenario:  Knicks get: Rondo and Wallace from Boston and Faried from Denver  Boston get: STAT and Shump  Denver get: J. Sullinger from Boston   I think these would be just fine for all to stay happy.  Knicks need to get better, Cs are looking to start over and Denver gets a player with a slight edge on efficiency but of equal value price wise.
Greg Else::Alex Hernandez  The Celts get a Ham sandwich for their best player?  Dream on brah!
Mark Ratliff::Alex Hernandez That sounds good to me! I doubt they would give up those guys for what we have.
Joseph Chen::Missing two FTs, turn overs, missing shots... Melo did it all. Knicks are hopeless with a pest like this in team
