TX rainman::as a rockets fan i'm not real confident with mchales rotation..... other then that Klay Thompson is gonna be an all-star in the very near future
tcccfrom713::Its 10:04 am and the Utah Jazz still suck
nicksumas1965::I've been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over $3,000 a month 3 straight months now following this system. I found it by Google searching the words "sports betting system" it was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting  this for anyone out there that is looking for a system that works and is tired of not winning their bets like I once was
xXSmOkIn_KuShXx::So whos Tankin Harder the Warriors or the Rockets
tcccfrom713::your mother is, on these nutz
HTownRprsntr::Heyohhh!!!!
chriskerr1964::I've been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over $3,000 a month 3 straight months now following this system. I found it by Google searching the words "sports betting system" it was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting  this for anyone out there that is looking for a system that works and is tired of not winning their bets like I once was
MoonMan2425::I just pray that they can keep the pick.  Everyone, other than those blinded by their absurd love for the NBA, knows that Stern is going to fix the draft so that he goes to NJ (Brooklyn).  Everyone thinks he'll go to Charlotte, but there is no way that Stern lets a commodity like AD go to a hell hole like Charlotte.  The NBA is the most corrupt professional sport in the USA.  Bottom line.
Steveforprez04::Doesn't matter if the Bobcats get the top pick, Jordan will find a way to F it up
HateBrass::Didn't Mark Jackson BOLDLY GUARANTEE a playoff berth?  Well he is 19 games below .500.  If this is the best coach the Warriors could have come up with, no wonder they are always losing.
MoonMan2425::This year is about changing the culture in more ways than wins and losses.  The old ownership was never making bold predictions and wheeling and dealing to make things happen.  Sure, wins and losses mean everything in sports, but this year was a change from the Golden State norm.  Next year is the season where they need to make their hay...
ismail9285::If the jazz lose now does anybody know what the scenario would have to be for the rockets to be in cause suns are playing the jazz next?
Utah_Dirtbiker::Rockets are done.
UnsportsManLikeConduct2::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKLAzyWiC4
springfresh33::Said it lastnight Htown wouldnt cover
Btwixed::lol grsshppr automatic win vs phoenix? cant even beat a howardless orlando
Food Be Tasty::Warriors should change their name to Sissy Girls.
MARK61182::When Houston let go their coach and signed McHale i knew it was not going to end well.  I do not like mchale as a front office guy be it coach on up.  he destroyed Minnesota and hes going to do the same thing here.
Spursdc::Jefferson is washed up
grsshppr::That's probably why you would love to have him on your team.
Spursdc::You are an idiot. My team let him go.
grsshppr::Hey Houston?  How does it feel to win for nothing?  You guys are out of the playoffs.  Phoenix is not doing too well for themselves either.  The Jazz only have to win against a Howardless Orlando and they have the tie break against your silly sad excuse of a team so I see Utah playing and Houston and Phoenix fishing.
tcccfrom713::whether the rockets lose or win, or make the playoffs or not, the important thing is that we do not live in utah, i feel sorry for you, I know watching your punk @ss jazz is all you guys got to do in that lame $@% hellhole, by the way its 10:02am and utah still sucks!
grsshppr::Sadly we will have to pounce on Phoenix to insure the playoffs.
grsshppr::by the way Phoenix you do realize you are now a half game back of the playoffs and if we win tonight it puts us up a whole game.
grsshppr::Your team has been nothing short of lucky in both games you won.  We are happy to be playing in SLC where it's a guaranteed win for UTAH.
Btwixed::well we beat you twice why not three times. See you on the tuesday board my friend.
grsshppr::I wish he was consistent enough to make me worry.  They will not let Phoenix get close enough to make any last second shot.  Start cleaning out your lockers Phoenix.  It's over
Btwixed::you like to lose to the suns at home actually, have fun watching another game winner in salt lake from nashty
grsshppr::Good luck with that.  We don't like to lose at home and that's where the next two are going to be played.  Oh and BTW our young guys are the ones who pulled out the triple overtime against Dallas.  Have fun fishing
Btwixed::jazz will lose their next two mark it down, young team will feel the pressure and crumble
SB47-Locker10::TANK DA CRANK IN " OAK TOWN!
SB47-Locker10::WORST THING TO WISH A PLAYER ON!! TO BE SUITING UP FOR THE SHE- RA WARRIORS!' REALLY BAAAAAADDDDDD!
Goku01091985vegeta::Houston rockets fuccing suck! Fuccing f@ggots! Wow!
SB47-Locker10::FEEL SORRY FOR JEFFERSON ! DUDE IS HATING RIGHT NOW!! HE JUST WENT FROM A CONTENDER  TO A D - LEAGUE TEAM!!!  CONDOLESCENCE FROM THE SPURS FAMILIA!!
SB47-Locker10::SCREW IT!! WARRIOR FANS BOUT TO  SUCK ON THEIR PACIFIERS!!
Goku01091985vegeta::Houston rockets is fuccing lame! Fuccing f@ggots won by fuccing 3? Fucc man! Fml. Houston rockets dong deserve to be in the playoffs! Fuccing f@gs! Wow!
jzalvarado::no worries.  they won't be.
SB47-Locker10::EXPANSION OKC IS OUT DOING WARRIORS.,  IN SHORT AMOUNT OF TIME !!
savethesonics34::expansion you $@%!$@%?? they moved from Seattle..where your kings probably will be in 2 years...
jzalvarado::God U completely outdid yourself NOW!   Wow!
SB47-Locker10::SPURS FOR LIFE !! U SHERA WARRIOR FAN!
jzalvarado::I would HAVE never guessed it honestly.  To be a Kings fan requisites some form of commitment and knowledge of the game.  Maybe like a Lakers or Heat fan jumping on the NBA bandwagon
SB4LlFE::haha he's a kings fan...
TimDuncangetting1forthethumb_::Most fixed game ever.
Steven57928::Well GS good luck on tanking to keep ur draft pick. peace
SB47-Locker10::TANK OR NO TANK WARRIORS DESTROY DRAFT PICKS ! EVENTUALLY PROSPECTS REALIZE WARRIORS ARE GARBAGE DUMP TRUCK TEAM.   JUST ASK MONTA ELLIS &amp; UDOH!! IN CONCLUSION WARRIORS STINK LIKE CRAP!
SB47-Locker10::GO SPURS !!!! WO! WO!  HOW'S JEFFERSON DOING?!!! LOL
SB47-Locker10::REALLY !! IT'S MEDIA &amp; SAYING THE RIGHT THING.. REALITY ELLIS FINALLY REALIZE THE SHIP WILL NOT DOCK IN THE BAY!!   FEEL SORRY FOR BOGUT! SON HAS NO CLUE WHAT'S ABOUT TO HAPPEN TO HIS CAREER! LOL
SB4LlFE::your team is about to leave the hellhole soon... good luck with that
SB4LlFE::hating on the W's everyday... hahahaha... pathetic..  while monta and udoh are both doing so well with the bucks... *yawn*
jzalvarado::well to be fair, I've been keeping up with the Milwaukee press on the Bucks AND most of the commenters hope Skiles is let go, Jennings walks, AND MOnta resigns and built around.  Many of the fans are high on Udoh and Sanders too
Steven57928::this is true the warriors haven't done anything in the draft at all these past 10 plus years
jzalvarado::i thought Monta had nothing but positive things to say about the Warriors.  So did Udoh
Steven57928::because they left?
silvernblackwarriors::next season warriors  c:bogut/biedrins pf:lee/wright sf:harrison barnes/richard jefferson/macguire sg:klay thompson/rush pg:kendall marshall/curry/jenkins  to get marshall they would have to trade the spurs first round and both of their second round picks but if they can make this line up happen itll be a great one
Kenny_Blanco::wright wont be on the squad next season book it
silvernblackwarriors::marshall is mid teens draft in most mocks a first and 2 seconds will get them high enough to get him
Timdiz85::ehhh i could maybe see it happening. i like marshall too for insurance but i don't if he'll be availabe in terms of trading up to get him
silvernblackwarriors::still like marshall over curry even at currys best and curry comin off the bench would be great for the warriors
Timdiz85::what happens if curry returns to form? i know its a big if but its a possibility...
jzalvarado::uhmm Jeremy Tyler?
KU-19-88::Finally Marcus got a few minutes to play. Houston doesn't realize how good he is! Trust me!!
KU-19-88::Bill Self thinks so. I'm a life long Kansas fan and have seen Paul Pierce. Hinrich. Chalmers. Rush. All of these guys play in college and none of them were like Marcus Morris. Rush has been playing real well lately though.
jzalvarado::Better than Brandon Rush?
TimDuncangetting1forthethumb_::You're done, man...you are done.
SB4LlFE::now.. nets need to beat the bucks... they're within distance
Timdiz85::protect the pick from utah!
Steven57928::stern is giving AD to NO or MJ
jzalvarado::I wonder what a Mark Jackson postgame speech sounds like at this point of the season
Steven57928::We really tried hard, so that we don't have to give up our first round pick........
jzalvarado::"Angels fly because they take themselves lightly"?
Trapped in Golden State::good one...lol
Trapped in Golden State::he's gotten a lot more quiet for sure
rocketrayone::Yeh! Rockets WIN!!!
Trapped in Golden State::WE DID IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
SB4LlFE::good job rockets and warriors, perfect outcome
360dubs::Good to see ya here keeping tabs. Yeah baby! Draft Pick!
jzalvarado::Good game.. to all the 1 or 2 rockets fans on this gameday board tonight
Steven57928::NOOOOOOOOOO Rockets were suppose to lose to boycott the GS tanking job
UHcougar_14.::WHOO!!!! Even with the Suns!!!!
jzalvarado::Haha Mikky Moore with a gaudy -14 when he's on the floor.  I see what you did there, Larry Riley ;)
TimDuncangetting1forthethumb_::Fixed like a b,i,t,c,h,...see ya soon...
UHcougar_14.::COME ON ROCKETS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
SB4LlFE::haha nice... turnovers and more turnovers
jzalvarado::isn't this game eerily similar to that last game the Warriors played the Kings
SB4LlFE::nah it's different... kings were blatantly causing their own turnovers...
jzalvarado::I HEART this game today.  This has completely removed the bad taste off that 9th inning loss by the Giants
Accountnumber41::You want easy money bet on the Warriors the rest of the year. Guarnteed loss every game
Steven57928::it's like they don't even have any pride
TimDuncangetting1forthethumb_::Biggest fix I have ever seen in my life....people are gonna go to jail.
Accountnumber41::Good effort though. You got to hand it to them
TigerWoods Is ESPN::No you don't
SB47-Locker10::WARRIORS MOVING TO D- LEAGUE!
jzalvarado::I just want a good K. Thompson three to make things interesting.  AND then a whole bunch of fouls to nudge the final score to right UNDER 204 just to f.uck with you Degenerate Gamblers
inefekt::KT looks like the real deal. Should be a decent starting five next year with Curry, KT, Wright, Lee and Bogut. Not title worthy obviously but good enough for the playoffs perhaps. Even better if they get that 7th pick back from Utah.
pako1008::the nba : billions and billions won in vegas with this fking games
Accountnumber41::Nope, I should know better
Accountnumber41::Are Warriors actually going to win?
jzalvarado::perhaps.. U never know.  The Rookies will be taking over.
