Josh Parsons::The Wizards DO NOT want to meet Toronto first round
Nich Obert::No, not at all. Wall in particular seems to have issues with whoever their pg is.  He goes from being Derrick Rose JR to Darren Collison against Toronto
Nich Obert::Can't even count on Ariza baiting Gay into 20 midrange jumpers now
Andy P Kordyban::The Raptors are playing some very good ball these days.
Maurice T Httr Quarles Sr.::Yes they are.... but not to the point that they should be beating the Wiz by 20+ on the road
Andy P Kordyban::fair enough lol
Vic Manlapig Arcenio::Raptors wins tonight. Derozan scores 30 or more.
Randy Ragsdale::Raptors got this. They've won their last four games.
Ted Sapperstein::they are a juggernaut--probably wont lose again this year
Pedro Martinez::Lets get it Raptors !!!!
Kevin Lo::Raptors by 8… Easy...
Ali El-tehaili::Raptors win!!!
Roger Boyd::The way the Raptors are playing, they're looking like a realistic possibility for the 3 seed. They're unselfish and that's beginning to pay dividends. They will wind up surprising some folks this season.
Nich Obert::Wiz fan here, been saying Raps had the 3rd seed since they dumped Gay and got actual useful players to back up 3 positions.  Kinda bittersweet to feel right... Oh well. We aren't usually this bad. Toronto tends to own DC though
Paul Marshall::Wow, I can't believe we were talking about a lottery tank earlier in the season. I haven't seen them play this well in a loooong time!
Randy Dixon::Just like I told you dummies Lowry is better than Wall...wall is no different than Monta Ellis on the bucks
Nich Obert::Except Wall is 2nd in the NBA in assists and creates tons of open looks for other guys.  He def has a Monta gear, but so should everyone who handles the ball a lot. Just hope to not see it often.
Nich Obert::When Troy Murphy put up a 30-18 on Tim Duncan, did that mean he was a better player?  Or when Trevor Booker put up an 17-18 on Pau and Bynum?
Chris Smith::You sir are retarded if you think Lowry is better than Wall
Josh Parsons::The Toronto Raptors are a national team. There is such a huge appetite for basketball in this market/Canada that the fan base is easily reignited with the teams short term success. They need to capitalize on the misfortunes of the Eastern Conference. No one predicted how bad its been and its crazy to fathom the Raptors finishing 3rd place. The real experience for Val/Ross/DeMar is playing Miami or Indy second round.
Maurice T Httr Quarles Sr.::How do they expect to be a playoff team playing so inconsistently. Even with the East being sooooooooo weak
SirBeast Fiftybuc::vazquez needs to start the offense quicker he dribbles way too much
Chris Smith::Lol @ the officiating.. and the wiz are at home.. seriously?
Tom Totosz::Easy money boys.  Washington will be bad for another ddcade
Theodore Gleaton::Don't  know  why  the wizard  can't  take that next step
Shoot Jung::Raptors will win!
Wild Silverback::Yup yup.. :)
Nich Obert::I miss when Beal averaged 18/5 with 45% from the floor and 48% from 3 for like 30 games as a 19 year old.  Jordan and Hornacek are the only guys who ever did that for a year, though it's bizarre that MJ shot that hot from 3 one year when he had multiple years at like 30% or worse.  Beal will be fine, he's having adjustment issues, not being ran through as many screens now that he came off that injury, he had ran the most in the NBA by a crazy amount before going down, according to SportsVU.  In a different role and still super young, gonna have some growing pains, I have a hard time imagining him being anything but a perennial all star. He carries himself like a superstar and team leader. Rare in a guy so young.
Clive A Foster::Maurice T Httr Quarles Sr. you seem like a nice gentleman but you  telling me you would have Steve Nash on your team tells me you have never seen this guy play  but been listening to some fakes who haven't seen him play either, I would not even care for Steve Nash as a back up point guard on my team, by the way where is he, why isn't he playing for the Lakers,? he is hiding from the big  lights of LA that's why and I am not trying to be funny or anything, he has been faking injury ever since he got to LA, very very true, no joke.
Thomas Paul Owens Sr.::8 plus minutes without a bucket in the 3rd quarter...that's just ridiculous and cost them any chance of winning this game. This happens far too often. there's 48 minutes in a game guys. How many times does this message have to be driven home? Frustrating as hell!! There's not a law against going above 500!!
Al Asifyouknow::Are Greivis Vasquez's days numbered in Toronto http://www.fannation.com/blogs/post/1687526#.Usd4MLhGka8.twitter … …
Eric Wagman::Let me save you some time. No.
Drew Grundfor::I bet on the wiz, not a lot, but this is hilarious. This team is so bizarre. Wall is a poor mans Irving (IE, he'll be out of the league in 5 years, 3 on the bench) and jeez...do they even care about the future of the team? How can they even make money off this trash?
Tom Totosz::Yeah buddy. As long as Beal, Ariza and Booker are all on the court together Washington cant win. Beal and Ariza only shoot and Booker is the worst starting power forward in the NBA
Tom Totosz::Dont take Beal out. Hes the best player on toronto
Tom Totosz::Need Beal to come back in ASAP. Game is getting too close
Eric Jvon Thomas::You are the worst wizards analyst on ESPN its a tragedy
