luvnbayes::To get a hint about how good Rubio is, read the following.  http://espn.go.com/blog/truehoop/post/_/id/35381/the-dirty-secret-about-ricky-rubio
AZ D-Backs all day::good game suns
luvnbayes::4-13 since Rubio's injury.   Gregg Popovich has accurately said many times "No Manu, no chance" in regards to the Spurs championship hopes.  The same applies to the Wolves, "No Ricky, no chance".  As much as I admire and respect Love's achievements, it's Rubio who makes this team go.
StudBrackman::LET DARKO WATCH 2012 BEGIN
AZ D-Backs all day::lol
Paul96857::Ali44, I think this team has been running great since he said http://bit.ly/IdCjtx
arizonasportsman::Sucks Suns might enter the playoffs and lose a change of a lottery pick. This team is so dysfunctional they will never be contenders.
TubbyTime334::True Fan
Mavsolute_Beast_41::"I fill my stat sheet, you get the win, deal?" Kevin Love
InfamousRickola::On ESPN's homepage it looks like Love is getting some surprise butsecks from Gortat.
TubbyTime334::Well Gortat is Overpowering
AZ D-Backs all day::haha it totally does
vickfan770::22 straight games in April?  WOW
karelp::4-13 without Rubio.
XxLeprechaunxX::Im glad i didnt watch this one, i wish i could say the same about the Twins game smh.  Looking at the boxscore, the wolves wont win many game in which they are out-rebounded combine that with 17 Ast vs 27(!?!?!) for the suns, and you have a recipe for a blowout... No surprises here
basketballdiaries::Textbook teamwork by the Suns. Amazing!  Best of luck in the race to the playoffs, it's going to be a tough one.
TubbyTime334::Nice to see Redd's Resurgence. I always liked him back in the day.
TubbyTime334::Nash's level of play at his age is Simply Incredible.
patsfan3093403::AN AVERAGE PLAYER ALWAYS LOOKS GOOD ON A TRASH TEAM ....FACT
MN MAGIC::you are a $@%!$@%
TubbyTime334::A Troll always types in caps.... Fact.
XxLeprechaunxX::lol nice
WTDAHeck::I love the picture that ESPN has for this game, might as well say suns rape wolves. lol.
CoachG2345::well I am out... good luck with the playoff chase Suns fans!!! enjoy the ride!!! Tough night to be a Minnesota fan (again)... dang Twins and Twolves... oh well... Wednesday is another day... GO MINNESOTA!!!!  good talking to you AZ D-backs All Day... hope Kubel does good for you guys because the Twins sure miss him.... great man and great player when he gets going
AZ D-Backs all day::thx good luck to the twins. and yeah hopefully Kubel provides some power in our lineup.
AZtoCAMike::GO SUNS GO!!! Starting to remind me of our 2010 campaign that ended in the "Ron Artest put back". Please get into the playoffs and please be against the Lakers. Go Suns!!!!
WTDAHeck::I would like our chances against them.
KyreJohn::MVP? wow. 12th place in West man! crazy ESPN!
MN MAGIC::you try having every good player go down on the team and try winning game with the 4th string point guard. screw off
ahsia124::Credit given...  he is putting up amazing numbers. But you have to win games in order to be considered as a MVP...  or at least as long as I've known that's what the MVP race is all about. It's rare for a team to miss the playoffs and be well under .500 to be a MVP. It doesn't say much for what you are doing for you team.
CoachG2345::not sure if when kareem won in 81 if they were under .500 but they didn't make playoffs
karelp::Has there ever been an MVP from a team below .500?
wolves_fan77::right, and like chuck and other very knowledgable people say, and rebouds are about tallent and effort.  They dont just come too you.
CoachG2345::go look at Kareem... I think 81 he won and they didn't make playoffs... its not out of question... i dont think he deserves to win, but the people say he shouldn't be in top 5 are just crazy... his season numbers combined are higher than anyone since Moses... if Wolves didn't get destroyed by injuries I am sure he would have gotten more consideration
AZ D-Backs all day::Love deserves MVP votes but not the award... that all ESPN is saying.
CoachG2345::how can you hate on a guy that has done everything he has this season??? the dude was supposed to be a role player out of college and now he is a top 10 player in the league and having an MVP type year... give the dude some credit
wolves_fan77::^Yep
Bubb Rubbbbb::BUT THE STATTSSSS
Kirk-Is-My-Hinrich::Damn, Morris tore it up.
AZ D-Backs all day::he was dunking all night
ahsia124::KLove should be mentioned in the MVP race, but he shouldn't sniff the top 3 with his team out of playoff contention. Sure he is putting up nice numbers, but even without Rubio, this team should be much better than 8 games under .500 and shouldn't get blown out by the Suns at home.
wolves_fan77::the wolves were a much better team the Pheonix when they were healthy...and right there with houston (actually when rubio went down im pretty srue we were 1 game ahead or held the tiebreaker)
ahsia124::Yeah, but I think the wolves are as talented as phoenix, utah, even houston, and they all have been records. None of those teams have any player close to being a MVP, yet those teams are performing much better.
wolves_fan77::I meant games* not minutes
wolves_fan77::I somewhat agree with you.  But this team is not super talented.  you then take rubio, barea, pec, and ridnour who all missed significant minutes then it makes more sense.  the injuries begin with rubio but they dont end there either
md7152::As a wolves fan, i am pulling for the Suns to make it to the playoffs.
OSUMcCoy.348::$@%!$@ OWNEDDD
AZ D-Backs all day::did you notice John Barry thinks Nash will re-sign with Phoenix..
wolves_fan77::did you see what I had in quotations are not?
CoachG2345::I want him to, but I'd rather him get his ring with a team that is on the verge of winning... its not like the Suns are how the Mavs were last year (for Kidd)... I appreciate Nash's game, but it just doesn't seem the team he played for never appreciated him
CoachG2345::it does when I have my mind switched to baseball thinking since Wolves have struggled so much lol
AZ D-Backs all day::lol 1969 is not that "new"
CoachG2345::wow i didnt realize how "new" of a team they are with only 29 years.. interesting... also that isn't all time since it only includes the active franchises.... just being a stickler on it lol
AZ D-Backs all day::not sure what your list is based from... its off in a few spots
AZ D-Backs all day::http://www.basketball-reference.com/teams/ click the win/loss% icon at the top
CoachG2345::according to what?????  http://nba-franchise.pikimal.com/top/10/all-time-winning-percentage
AZ D-Backs all day::Suns have the 4th highest winning % as a franchise in NBA history.
CoachG2345::dude... the only successful teams in the west are the lakers and spurs because they have won multiple titles... that is what success is in the NBA... I am a wolves fan and if we were to be in the playoffs for 3 years, but never sniffed the NBA Finals, I could not say that is success...
AZ D-Backs all day::thats what they are trying to do this offseason. Nash said he wont sign with us unless we improve the roster which the Suns will have the cap space to do for the first time in a while.
wolves_fan77::nor are they able to spend their way to one with their current financial situation like some teams are able too
CoachG2345::I just don't think you are understanding me... I really enjoy Kidd and Nash because they are 2 of the greatest PGs of all time and definitely of this generation... I was happy for Kidd to get his ring and that happened because Cuban went all out to get pieces to win a title... now with Nash, they had there chances with Amare and Co., but D'antoni blew that... now Nash is essentially by himself and in today's NBA, 1 great player won't win it all... I think he is under appreciated because your ownership doesn't surround him for a legit chance at a title
AZ D-Backs all day::how have the suns sucked for 5 years? they have been one of the most successful teams in the west the past decade..
wolves_fan77::they didnt go out and get any.  seems like they were banking on a lotto pick but nash has them in the playoffs.  playoffs are nice and all but what happens when hill and nash leaves this team?
wolves_fan77::yep. retire a sun as the face of the franchise that has sucked for 5 years (if he were to sign for a couple)?
AZ D-Backs all day::just because there is  lack of talent around him doesnt mean he is under appreciated by the team.. I think you are confused.
CoachG2345::what is great about being the face if you are surrounded by guys that won't win you a title???
AZ D-Backs all day::again I dont see why you think the Suns dont appreciate Nash.. he is the face of the franchise.
wolves_fan77::What reason would he want to do that at 38?  I mean maybe he will but im just asking
AZ D-Backs all day::he likes playing in Phoenix and his kids go to school and have grown up here. he has said he wants to finish as a Sun.
Zonacats55757::http://cgi.ebay.com/ws/eBayISAPI.dll?ViewItem&amp;item=170822284251
Zonacats55757::http://cgi.ebay.com/ws/eBayISAPI.dll?ViewItem&amp;item=170822284251
Fetch me musket::<b>SUCK MY DICK BITCHES</b>
i never sleep mod dude-trolls rule::they need 2 add a favorites button
I hope you get cancer.::<b></b>
Dbacks_Suns_Cardinals::Im out. Later guys, Go SUNS!
Trexxus::To the moron that said KLove complains too much. He gets hacked on more than any other player in the league I bet and the refs don't call anything till they see him bleeding, ffs.
CoachG2345::I just wish Love wouldn't have gotten screwed over in the Player of the Month for last month... what a joke that Durant got it... I know Minnesota is terrible now, but the guy some credit
CoachG2345::they do for player incentives in their contracts lol :)
AZ D-Backs all day::no one cares about player of the month.. not even players
wolves_fan77::ya, ok
AZ D-Backs all day::dude Nash gets hacked more than him
CoachG2345::they don't surround him with talent, and the ones they did, they had D'antoni who doesn't do crap on D... Nash is going down the path of Stockton where he is a great point guard that didn't win... least Stockton can say Jordan, Hakeem and 80s Champs virtually blocked his chances
AZ D-Backs all day::huh? how is Nash under appreciated by his own team? hes the leader of the team... that makes no sense
Trexxus::Nash doesn't go into the paint or get double and triple teamed like Love does, no way he gets hacked more than Love, not even close. If nash got hacked like Love he'd have 2 broken arms right now!
CoachG2345::I'd say he is more under appreciated by his own team than by whether or not he gets hacked... you have a 2 time MVP that hasn't played in the Finals, management needs to fix that... but probably too late now as he hinted as maybe looking at the Heat...
AZ D-Backs all day::he never gets any calls for being a two time MVP. hes under appreciated
CoachG2345::how do you figure? post guys are always hacked more... just a given for the position
AZ D-Backs all day::its true. you are in denial
Dbacks_Suns_Cardinals::he does...
Trexxus::WRONG.
i never sleep mod dude-trolls rule::the wolve eye knows----minnesota sports really stink  hurts ur feelings but true  outta here--hope it gets better for ya minnesota fans
Fetch me musket::<b> NIGGERS</b>
i never sleep mod dude-trolls rule::guess he is one 2
I hope you get cancer.::<i></i>
Dbacks_Suns_Cardinals::Dbacks are the best team in the NL.
TULOWITZKI FARTS ON CLEVELAND::Agree with you on that one. Rox are the worst.
Dbacks_Suns_Cardinals::yeah just like the suns should've kept Dragic... :(
AZ D-Backs all day::dbacks should have kept cargo
Dbacks_Suns_Cardinals::Tulo+Cargo is sick though, but no pitching.
i never sleep mod dude-trolls rule::now i know why bridges in minnesota r so called climate controlled
Ostro999::now i know y ur such a m.o.r.o.n.
dogs::dude u r hurting my feelings stop
FreeFall0520::Too bad Denver won tonight...
dogs::Denver is a garbage place
dogs::How many points did Rubio score today.
Trexxus::80 with 1 1/2 assists.
AZ D-Backs all day::kevin love is a punk. should have gotten a delay of game technical after that one play... he complains too much
ZS_2157::*AZ D-Bag all day
TULOWITZKI FARTS ON CLEVELAND::So you're saying he has no talent.
AZ D-Backs all day::no?
wolves_fan77::not of smoke inhilation either..thats too painless
CoachG2345::someone on this team needs to do something... im glad he complains... the guy got screwed out of player of the month last month
TULOWITZKI FARTS ON CLEVELAND::Hope you die in a house fire.
dogs::he always says the dont worry
Dbacks_Suns_Cardinals::I hope Tulo is in that house at least
AZ D-Backs all day::chill out
dogs::Wolves are gonna make the playoffs
CoachG2345::are you in season or franchise mode man?
Dbacks_Suns_Cardinals::Suns really deserve to make the playoffs with how they've been playing lately. Too bad we started the season really slow.
ZonaRado::True
Dbacks_Suns_Cardinals::Suns win! GG Wolves fans. Gotta keep it going.
i never sleep mod dude-trolls rule::rockies stink 2  barry zito    ==really
CoachG2345::oh the twolves will keep it going.. keep losing until next season lol
TULOWITZKI FARTS ON CLEVELAND::Whatever. Wolves have no talent.
Dbacks_Suns_Cardinals::I was being sarcastic... hence the dots
wolves_fan77::your so smart I cant hardly stand myself
Dbacks_Suns_Cardinals::Yeah, Love isnt talented at all....
Troll7833::Wow I wish my team had as many scorers as phoenix  ~~Kobe Bryant
i never sleep mod dude-trolls rule::world peace-mr world peace  he is taking brain steroids
TULOWITZKI FARTS ON CLEVELAND::I'm a loser: Every Team I root for sucks: Wolves, Vikings, Twins, and Rockies.
TULOWITZKI FARTS ON CLEVELAND::Women sports don't count.
CoachG2345::Title 9 may bite you in the $@%
CoachG2345::LYNX are defending champs
ZonaRado::Stop rooting?
dogs::Dont forget the Wild
AZ D-Backs all day::word
dogs::Twins are gonna go 158-4 Now
Ostro999::yea and thn the usual being swept in the first round unfortunately :(
AZ D-Backs all day::Sebastian Telfair freakin schooled yall
TULOWITZKI FARTS ON CLEVELAND::Hope you die of cancer someday.
AZ D-Backs all day::quit liking your own comment
CoachG2345::that's special vs a crappy Wolves team that has fallen apart... you are awesome
AZ D-Backs all day::u mad?
Troll7833::and morris
AZ D-Backs all day::same with brown
AZ D-Backs all day::actually the whole team
TubbyTime334::Go Suns! Make The Playoffs!
Troll7833::Wow this team has no heart ... I expected a little challenge tonite !!!  ~~Steve nash
TULOWITZKI FARTS ON CLEVELAND::Hope you get a tumor.
AZ D-Backs all day::karma
Fetch me musket::Steve Nash is the best pure point guard of all time (C's fan)
Trexxus::Um, Stockton begs to differ.
wolves_fan77::Kidd????
CoachG2345::Pete Maravich or Oscar Robertson...
CoachG2345::true.. but i like him... then I'd say Magic or Oscar or even Stockton are better than Nash all time
FreeFall0520::Since when did Pistol Pete pass the ball?
CoachG2345::Wes Johnson is really bad... you look at his stat line for this game compared to a Malcolm Lee... I would take Lee over him in a heart beat... How does a starting SG average 6 points per game have a job in the NBA??????????? DANG YOU KAHNNNNNNNNNNNN
TubbyTime334::Adelman is coaching smart one.
CoachG2345::and who is the one that selected Wes????? it wasn't Adelman... Adelman starts him because Kahn has selected 8 PGs and 12 PFs in the last 4 drafts... his only SG is Wes... what's Adleman going to do with that??? I hate Kahn, but hate Wes even more!!!!!!!!
TULOWITZKI FARTS ON CLEVELAND::Suns fans are probably laughing at us.
dogs::Flagged
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::Remember: Sports junkies rule and news hounds suck.
