Finatic335::KNICKS SUCK JETS SUCK METS SUCK.  NY. JUST SUCKS
19GoNY87::whats the superbowl?
DaftMarksmanship::giants?
nycpratl::heat certainly have the key pieces. still lacking quality center, pg.  that will again be a problem for them in the playoffs.
TheSixthHeatle::Miami' two point guards avg like 20 ppg. 4 rpg, 2 spg, and 6 apg, thats not bad. Center position is lacking, but Curry and Pittman will gradually get better.
heatdolphfan::couldn't agree more
TheSixthHeatle::Points in the pain 42-14, New York had no inside game at all. Miami may give up a ton of low % shots from the outside, but they know the teams are going to miss most of the time.
nycpratl::they better figure out a way to defend 3's against a team like OKC. Mavs torched them from the arc last year.  no defense no rings
TheSixthHeatle::Its no rebounds, no rings. Mavs made them pay, surely, but Im pretty sure that its still a low % shot. Miami wants opponent to shoot them. Mavs made them, kudos to them.
___LeBron_James::just another day in the office for lbj. best player in the league and it showed last night
earlealston::In fact you could say MJ is still good without Phil. He AT LEAST got to the ECF without him. Kobe can't even make it outta round 1....And by the looks of things they'll be barely limping into the postseason this year.
nycpratl::better than kobe huh?  with no rings?
SupeFan14::All it shows is that he has played under a real coach.  All of Kobe's rings are under Jackson's tutelage.  The same is true for MJ,  No Jackson no rings.  So by that logic if Kobe is better then Lebron because he has rings then Jackson is better then Both MJ and Kobe cuz neither got their rings without him.
jacobcchristian::how so? it shows Kobe Bryant has been able to win the championship
mdtuzo::SHUT UP, PLEASE!!! god the rings argument is sooo dumb!
CentralBooking::ZEN MASTER WHERE ARE YOU?!
bravesfan2636::http://samrichmond.com/2012/01/28/case-closed-the-miami-heat-are-not-better-without-wade/http://samrichmond.com/2012/01/28/case-closed-the-miami-heat-are-not-better-without-wade/  Just wrote a blog about whether the Heat are better off without Wade. Check it out.
bravesfan2636::It's ridiculous. And it was such a flip-flop from the public to now say the Heat are worse with Wade after trashing Lebron for the past year.
Z Wade::Anyone who even pondered the thought of whether the Heat are a better team without someone who's always in the discussion of the NBA's best player is a complete moron. I'm glad Wade shut those people up last night.
Dr.Killapatient...::J. Cole &gt; Weezy
Dr.Killapatient...::The truth is that the Knicks are better without Melo......
heatdolphfan::hate to say it but true
rr2300::the offense runs better with him on the sidelines
M-3-Gonzalez::Very happy to see that the Heat can do more than just steal the ball for points on Defense. People had this talk where we needed a big man, and rightfully so we could definitely use one. But seeing how poorly the Knicks shot from inside the arc, I'm impressed with our post D and help defense.   Now, our Achilles heel is two things: Our 3pt. defense and our turnovers. If we work on just ONE of those, we'd be unstoppable.  Now onto the next game. The only team, as a Heat fan, that I am terrified of is the Bulls. If we win Sunday, not by a hair, but CONVINCINGLY, then we can possibly start talking about who is top dog in the East.
1529sandy::Teams didn't play yesterday just a few stars and both teams will have similar fates at the end of the year. Both will come up short as good as they think they are they just don't play well enough to beat a rounded team. Knicks need a better point and the Heat need to deal Wade somewhere. It is time to go
Z Wade::Heat can't beat a well-rounded team? Is that why they beat the 76ers, Celtics, and Bulls in 5 games each...all while having the NBA's worst bench? They now have a top-10 bench and have DISMANTLED top, well-rounded teams this year, such as the Spurs, 76ers, Celtics, Mavs, and Pacers.
nba is the worst::Last year doesn't matter anymore - heatles struggles in losses to good defensive teams like the hawks, nuggets and bucks don't bode well
CentralBooking::That's what I thought a few weeks ago. Watch OKC very closely.
stone419::it hurts to say this, but i cant picture any team beating the heat 4 times in a series
Dick-Trickle1::Antoni needs to go for allowing them to shoot all those 3's.
BLAZE420detroit::that melo trade is looking really good now...for denver lol
dysraw1::STAT should get a hold of Tony Douglas and beat the crap out him for the way hes making him look out there
Goldfinger5887::Who's team is it really?
1529sandy::Time to get traded to CHI come on home bring D Howard with you
stone419::the heat wont trade wade to the only team in the east that can beat them
aaFOn132::@Goldfinger5887 You're an idiot.
stone419::who cares?  its basketball, not the justice league
dysraw1::fire no nutz
dysraw1::Bill Walker was standing in there, still would like to see him drive to hoop more
dysraw1::if the knix had any kind brain trust they would be looking beyond B-diddy for backcourt help and leadership
Steven57928::Yes but they drove Walsh off the team and lost their "Brains" when they did that.  after all Dolan didn't listen to his then GM and gave away his whole team for Melo.
dysraw1::43 tosses from deep fire the crazy guy already
Steven57928::with 18 makes.  they spaced the floor well but couldn't penetrate for they life of them.  So those 18 makes for 56 point were pretty useless with only 12 points in the paint.  Stat and Tyson didn't get enough easy buckets for the team to win.  Miami controlled the inside of the arc.
nba is the worst::Actually it was a good strategy - they just couldn't get the stops in the 4th Q - like a lot of teams that play the heatles
hioh631::And the worst part is they only scored 89 points with 43 3pt attempts. Terrible.
Goldfinger5887::The best chance for the Knicks to win a Championship was the year they had Sprewell...........
hioh631::Sprewell was on that team...
BCowsill24::Allen Houston.. Get it right.
theubaby12::where are all those wade haters lol
BCowsill24::Wade already has a ring.  I thought there weren't any Wade haters.
heatdolphfan::lmao
Goldfinger5887::The FLASH was awesome!!
11Golden07::This game is the way the Heat should finish games. The offense should go through Lebron in the 4th Q. Even though Wade may(or may not) be a better closer, Lebron is a much better passer and can hit the open man. DWade just attacks the rim and the rest of the team sits and watches. It's tougher to guard 5 guys opposed to 1.   Maybe Lebron shouldn't take the last shot but the ball should be in his hands and the offense should flow through him late in games. Wade would be better coming off of screens anyway.
Steven57928::This.  but they also have to feed guys with the Hot hand too.  But Wade and James taking the game over Together is they way to win.  No More of this Hero Ball where Wade watches James or James watches Wade.
enrique4692::To be honest if I was the Knicks Organization, this game should have marked the day whether Dantoni would be fired, after that horrific coaching job, I would fire him right now tonight or something
enrique4692::yup, thats what happens when you look at previous stats over a new organization trade off, aka Riley from the Lakers to the Heat, same issues
BCowsill24::The Knicks should have given Larry Brown more then one year to coach this team.  He would have done more this team as opposed to Mike No'Dantoni
enrique4692::why don't the knicks cut their loses and buy another franchise, like the Globetrotters and put them on the court or something
lbjroy2003::Whipped the Knicks? They won by 10 pts, and the game was close until towards the end of the 4th quarter. The Knicks whipped up on the Heat most of the game, they just couldn't and didn't close.
hapatino::Knicks were demolished. Miami only won by 10, felt it wasn't that close.
Unbiasedfan83::18 3 pointers and still lost by 10
Steven57928::12 Points in the Paint will do that to you.......
Steven57928::they shot like 44 3's and made 40% but only shot like 35% from the floor. They were hot from 3 BUT that's the only place that THEY COULD shoot.  After the first half Miami defended the 3 better.  But more important than the number of 3's made is that they ONLY had 12 points in the paint.  So Miami stopped the easy buckets.
Steven57928::pretty much it wasn't a shutout but it was controlled by Miami.
enrique4692::aka getting "whipped" "shutout" no no, you suck you cant shoot threes or drive anymore
enrique4692::yup, dunks beat threes all day, ask D-Will and the Nets when they try to do it on us, cough cough Knicks fans who want D-WIll
BCowsill24::Knicks should have drafted Jennings.
11Golden07::That game was controlled by the Heat the whole game. They turned on the heat at the end and dominated.
nba is the worst::Wrong - the knicks attacked the heatles defense where it's the weakest, and played well enough offensively to win - but they're terrible defensively
enrique4692::when you shoot more 3's than 2's you are getting whipped, can't even enter the paint for no reason, resulting in long range shots to try to take advantage, didn't and never works
Goldfinger5887::Yup
Goldfinger5887::Carmelo drank too much Mellow Yellow and ate too much Caramello with caramel..........he mellowed out too much......
BCowsill24::One more trade.  Trade Tony "Change The Channel" Douglas for a box of Twinkies.
BCowsill24::I have a Idea.  How about Trade Melo for Gallo, Will the Thrill, Felton, and Mosgov.  See what I did there.
rr2300::felton is on the blazers gallo is locked up for the next 4 years for  1/2 the cost of melo mozgov is coming around chandler is coming back feb 14 to give MORE depth to denver
Eatin Turnips::Dumbest trade suggestion ever.  Oh - wait...
Eternal_Sage::ROFL
chefrob1980::Melo and Walker for Howard and Anderson then trade Stoudemire, Douglas, Davis for D-Will......Never going to happen but hey,,,,,worth a shot
rr2300::magic arent going to trade their 2 best players for MELO and scrub walker... Melo lost alot of value this season as the Nuggets are flouishing without him.. NY seems to play better without him...  Doubt any team is gonna want his contract of 20+ million the next 4 years
Eternal_Sage::chandler and melo will have to be for howard, they won't lose their only strong position without getting some kind of value back on it
BCowsill24::Trade Melo for Kyrie Irving now.
chefrob1980::Stoudemire, Chandler, Walker to Magic for Howard, Richardson.......sign D-Will in off-season
chefrob1980::Stoudemire from Knicks or Lopez from Nets? what's your pick?
Eternal_Sage::would have to be lopez due to the fact at the very least you're not on the hook for 60+ million dollars if he is hurt like you would for amare
Eternal_Sage::cut davis ?
Eternal_Sage::problem is amare, it would have to be melo and chandler. amare's contract isn't insured
chefrob1980::YEP
Goldfinger5887::WAAAAAAYYYYY too many 3 pointers..........
younglouiE::This was a good game. Knicks were just drilling 3's but that's all they had and it caught up to them in the 4th Qtr
BCowsill24::This was a ugly game.  The Knicks were jacking up threes and it finally caught up to them in the 4th quarter.  This was a ugly display of basketball by the Knicks and changes need to be made.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Wheres all the Haters who talk crap about lebrons 4th quarter now?
Unbiasedfan83::Ask the Celtics and Bulls about Lebron in the 4th quarter.
hioh631::I agree with you scarecrow, every game lebron has an off 4th quarter this place is filled with people dogging him because of it. When he plays well like last night in the 4th people say it doesn't matter, until the playoffs. When he does it in the playoffs people say it doesn't matter til the finals...   It's really funny.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::At least someones smart enough to understand what im saying. I didnt think it would be that hard to understand but obviously some people are just clueless.
DJnamaste77::Ok, you said "all the people" which means a lot. big deal. I figured someone who trolls a board would try and nit pick every comment against him. congrats you are the board champ. get a life
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::trolls? i dont get it....  troll as in the deformed midgets who sit under bridges and harass the billy goats?
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::you gotta get glasses and read the post again because it says "to all the people who come in here after every game saying "What happened to Lebron in the 4th?"" which means to all the people who say that one specific quote rather than nit picking 3 words out of my posts to act like it applies to everyone. If you haven't said that before than you got nothing to worry about. But im sure you have since you found the need to argue.
DJnamaste77::everyone talks crap? get over yourself. the heat will cave yet again
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::of course a hater sees "Wheres all the Haters..." and automatically thinks "everyone" because they think everyone is like them.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::read it again, i dont know where you came up with everybody?
KEVIN333127::4th quarters in january are a lot different than 4th quarters in the finals. lebron falls apart like a soggy cookie under the pressure
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Tell that to all the people who come in here after every game saying "What happened to Lebron in the 4th?"
Art_Lucy::But he's right.  A 4th quarter performance in January is meaningless compared to a 4th quarter performance in the Finals.  Don't get all butt hurt because LeBron fails when it matters most.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Or lebron hater i should say.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Lol every time Lebron has a bad 4th you guys come in here talking crap about Lebrons 4th quarter than when he has a good 4th quarter you don't acknowledge it and just say it doesn't matter. typical hypocritical heat hater.
Yankeesking55::Chandler and Stat for Howard Melo can ball hog and dwight will grab rebounds of his misses and then with that trade DWill will come here and then were good
KEVIN333127::melo is not good for the team. him and dwight could run the carmelo anthony give and go, you give him the ball, then go away
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::false hope
Oxfordian Theory::The Knicks had no chance of winning this game, and indeed lost by double digits.  The headline is fine.
Chrisbunyard::That article's headline is misleading, as usual as of lately, with ESPN. The game was back and forth the whole way through, until the end, where the Heat pulled away to only a ten point lead. I remember the Pittsburgh/Harrison article about his suspension from the NFL recently, where the headline said, "Harrison banned from NFL". That's ridiculous. More and more, ESPN reads like New York Post...
boners3::nice headline espn...i watched the game it wasn't a blow out?
Chrisbunyard::Exactly!
Broad Street Beatdown::You may of beat us earlier in the year, New York, but you are clearly the worse team.  -76ers
chefrob1980::LET'S GO RANGERS........LET'S GO GIANTS
beckywest19::Why don't all Knicks fan boycott until the team gets better like the 76ers?
Your_team_Sucks_SucKa::You win this time Heatles but it is inevitable you will fail and I will be there to hate, time to head to the syracuse boards to troll
KEVIN333127::knicks need to trade melo and chandler for howard. then sign dwill or paul in 2
Dr.Killapatient...::Heat win, Knicks lose, haters still out of a job.... Same ole story.....
Miami Floridians::had the knicks made only 9 3s, i'm afraid this game would of been moved to comedy central
Boogeyman85::why is Lebrons hairline so scared of his 4head?
Dr.Killapatient...::The same reason why Rose is a still isn't out of puberty seeing all the ache and black heads he has on his face....
mvanacore1975::you mean his five head. He will be bald by 35. I think his headbands are too tight.
Jubin3567::the same reason D. Roses eyebrows try to run away from his brow.
POLO_3::ALL MIAMI FANS COMMENT OR LIKE
POLO_3::let's go heat
Boogeyman85::away
mvanacore1975::I was impressed with the teamwork from Heat. I am Not a fan, But, they were very unselfish and they have what they were missing last year. team Chemistry.
blueline__123_x::Didnt watch the game so i need to know; With melo out, who took over the role of dribbling aimlessly around the perimeter wasting away the shot clock before hoisting up yet another mid range jumper that clanked off the rim?
Mr. Scratch::Apparently Bill Walker-- and he filled the role as well as Melo.
Jubin3567::D'Antoni's post game assessment on why the Knicks lost:  "WE DIDN'T  SHOOT ENOUGH 3'S"
dizzled2012::This Knicks team is plays better without the ultimate ball hog, Melo.  I love the NY hype.  You guys are 7-12.  Your team might not even make the playoffs.  That would be awesome!!  Go Heat!
