Meet-The-Forkers::Way to go PHX!!!
CornhuskerKid02::Thank you Nash for being such a professional and having loyalty. Wish we had more star players like you.
basketballdiaries::The Suns might not be the best team, but they're still my favourite team.
Papa.Go::Were on a roll
Jay195660::A few weeks ago I was beginning to wonder if they were among the worst teams in the league, but thankfully that's not the case.
cuckercrazy::howard asking for nash if he's gonna stay... could be lethal.. rest of the league better watch out for orlando http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
derked::how come utahs bench is all + and the starters all -? I don't like them moving Hayward to a bench roll. He is too essential to utahs victories
oinkpiggies::I read somewhere that the suns starters are among the leaders in plus/minus, if not the top... which means if they even had a crappy bench they would be in the playoffs..but no, their bench is beyond bad... (just check the stats on most games,.. ouch)  Most teams complain about their bench expecting miracles.. the suns bench -- yea enough said..  but to think that the starters, i.e., nash and company are actually playing better than almost every other team, says a lot.
steviebizzle::It is sad. In 2010 our bench was amazing.
arizonasting001::Need to build off this win, glad to see back to back 120+ point games, its been a while but the Run N Gun Suns are back baby!
arizonasting001::GG jazz
steviebizzle::Steve Nash.. 16 assists. Money.
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::Remember: Sports junkies rule and news hounds suck.
azcardsgirl1313::Both Phoenix teams won a big game tonight, Go Coyotes, and Suns!
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::YES!!!! Suns win! I'll certainly sleep better tonight than I have these past two nights. We're in the thick of the race for a playoff spot and just beat a competing team. I know we have a tough schedule but if we play good basketball we have enough to win. GO SUNS!!!!!! :)
haywardFTW::favors, kanter, tinsley, hayward - 20/29 fg  howard, millsap, jefferson, miles - 22/52 fg  .....nuff said actually should i mention the defensive effort?
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::It's 1 game you can't judge it like that...nuff said
Strong Troll Orthenthald::You like getting worked in the paint Jazz
nastorga801::Kinda late on the trolling. Should try it WHILE the game is actually being played.
Strong Troll Orthenthald::How is it trolling it's true...
nallad47::Why did we call a time out? Corbin your an idiot
bonafidewiener::*you're
MNSPORTS93::Neither team was exactly killin it on d, were they? reminds me of the wolves-suns game tuesday.  Looking forward to the Jazz-Wolves game tomorrow, should be a good one.  See ya there Jazz fans!
nastorga801::Not looking forward to the game, because that means I have to $@%!$ more because of the horrible coaching decisions tomorrow night. haha
MNSPORTS93::haha yeah i'm worried the wolves are gonna trade Beasley for Jamal Crawford, it really looks that way right now and I definitely think we could get more for him haha. How bout you?
azcardsgirl1313::SUNS AND COYOTES WIN, NICE!! I LIKE!
nastorga801::The Suns have only been shooting 56% from the field. We definitely don't want our players who actually play defense out on the court. The logic is sound Corbin. Way to hustle!
yodaspeaks::Devin Harris is DYING on this Jazz team.  My goodness what a waste.  Utah will never get a pg in there after what has happened to Harris.
StocktonToMalone 2::And we better trade CJ and Bell tomorrow. Ok bye
haywardFTW::a lil late to bring favors back in.... at least corbin tries to make it look like he wants to win
adam_keefe_fan_forever::You have to play physical to foul out
scow79::I just thought Jefferson fouled out or something
StocktonToMalone 2::Even though the game was one sided. Ok now I'm really leaving
adam_keefe_fan_forever::See you in a Jazz uni next week Nash. Love ya *winks*
steviebizzle::That is a funny joke. Where did you hear that one?
adamsbrian88::Still no Burks......
adam_keefe_fan_forever::This whole game was garbage time without Burks. Corbin is just too much of a pussy to stand up to a bully.
nastorga801::It amazes me that he gets 0 minutes. Seriously wtf...
scow79::There wasn't any garbage time
eaglesfan1723::nash is too good
Thesith36::ANOTHER FOUL !!1
Thesith36::OMG !!1  they called a foul against the Suns !!!
scow79::Nash's eyes must light up when he sees Jefferson defending the PnR
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::Keep Steve Nash.
StocktonToMalone 2::Ok well good game Suns. Sorry for calling Gortat a scrub. :)
steviebizzle::Ha, just don't do it again.
arizonasting001::Its okay we forgive you, we all say dumb things sometimes
Thesith36::LOL !!1 GT !~!!!
Thesith36::HERE WE GO !! GET EM UTAH !!
yodaspeaks::Damn, Devin Harris didnt even get a chance this game...and that after a good first 8 mins.  Let him have the chance to foul out at least.
arizonasting001::Stevie.. where all the suns fans go? Usually way more on here
steviebizzle::Yeah, I know. a lot disappeared. Cant wait for D-backs season.
arizonasting001::I know a couple got banned hahah
Thesith36::Thats too bad.. Good effort Jazz...  Can't beat the team and the refs... Fixed like crazy....
StocktonToMalone 2::No we just suck
StocktonToMalone 2::We should trade up in the draft to get Barnes
scow79::What would we trade?   We might not have any picks
adam_keefe_fan_forever::Karl Malone for Coach 2012
adam_keefe_fan_forever::"Devin Harris wants you to know that he's gonna try harder now. Coach s'port Devin, and Devin s'port Coach" - Devin Harris, October 2012
nastorga801::They would easily be in the greatest shape of any team in the NBA, everyone would know how to hammer dunk and talk in third person. It would definitely make them an exciting team.
scow79::He wouldn't worry about players feelings.  That's for damn sure
nastorga801::The Jazz could bring Ostertag in to be the head coach and I don't think it could get much worse...
nallad47::Cheryl Miller&gt;Ostertag&gt;Corbin
adam_keefe_fan_forever::Ostertag &gt; Corbin
adamsbrian88::Is josh howard playing rediculously good defense? 25%fg isnt adding up to all this playing time
haywardFTW::ty corbin's mystery coaching at its finest
scow79::I get Al can score, but if he's incapable of guarding the PnR, then big deal.    Favors needs to be in the game
StocktonToMalone 2::Only down 7 lets go
adam_keefe_fan_forever::Weren't we just down by 5?
nallad47::Management wants to make the playoffs to play OKC why???
nallad47::YAAA sounds like a plan to me!!
scow79::So we can have 0 draft picks this year
adam_keefe_fan_forever::In honor of this splendid Jazz-formance tonight, I would like to name off a few things I like more than this performance:  gential warts, spammers, drive-thru screw-ups, the democrat party, the republican party, toddler puke, IHOP
Spursdc::I like eating pancakes during dinner time
StocktonToMalone 2::I expect to wake up tomorrow and see CJ and Bell in new uniforms
Pintz11::LOL..
adam_keefe_fan_forever::I'll one-up you: I DEMAND to wake up tomorrow and see CJ and Bell in new uniforms - Wendy's uniforms.
scow79::Good luck with that one
mook1970175::i just got in and I see Harris barely playing again.  Is  he just sucking or is he hurt for the millionth time?
mook1970175::aah...fouls.  thanks
mook1970175::he did?  so why so few minutes?
nallad47::Foul trouble and Tinsley has played very well
yodaspeaks::he had a great 1st quarter
Thesith36::If the refs would stop cheating, the Jazz might win this game !! Stop rigging it !!1 good crap !!
cdlr22::Fire Corbin. I can't take this making sure we give everyone their min. Why is milsap back in, the jazz need to get off milsap he has done ok for us but has peaked at his potential, he is the miles of our bigs. We keep getting the same results with him in for the past three years! Time to move on Utah let him go, get favors going, and kanter. I seriously can't take this anymore Corbin.
cdlr22::First I am a season ticket holder. Get real buddy. Milsap has given us the same production for the past three years. Same outcome as well. And get off milsap has his little runs, like miles, and like miles this year is always supposed to be his year. As of jan this year milsap is averaging close to 30 min a game, 12 points and 8 rebounds, sorry buddy even if favors doesn't have a shot, guarentee you give him that time, production is way better than milsap, plus our best +- combo is Jefferson, favors. As well milsap is rated last in the league in his position for points allowed, aka his defense sucks and he allows more points than any other player in his position. Time for Utah to comit to rebuilding and playing for the future and make changes that matter. As of right now we are waisting every move we made last year. Why trade Williams, to keep playing basically the same lineup minus Williams. Fact is to many Utah fans listen to harping talk about how milsap hustles and ya maybe he does but it's just time to move on, we are tired of this re run of last season.
grsshppr::Have you watched a single game besides this one?  Favors can't make a shot unless it's a dunk and a little pressure is a sure turnover. Kanter isn't much better outside of 5 feet but he can rebound the heck out of it so I see why he should be in.  Now Milsap, he has had some of the most influential games for UTAH and has impacted them enough to win a lot over the passed several seasons.  He's had a rough year this year but he's no Damn CJ.  CJ has been a disappointment from the start playing 3 or 4 good games a year.
adamsbrian88::It makes no sense they had something good going, only to put the black hole back in
nastorga801::The Jazz need to put Evans in the game and just lob $@%! up at the rim.
haywardFTW::yup this is over with
arizonasting001::Really Jazz fans dont like Jefferson? Id take him in a hearbeat over any of our PF's. Even though Frye is having the best game of his life probably right now, but anyways, Al Jeff is better than most bigs in the NBA.
grsshppr::Al Jeff is really good you're right. Love the guy.  He can play some ball.  The Jazz always have opponents scoring their career highs against them.  It's a Jazz thing. Players love to play against the Jazz for that reason.
scow79::You know how your team passes the ball so well and there is actual ball movement?    Yeah, well that would all go away if Jefferson was on your team
steviebizzle::Good to see you on tonight Sting
nallad47::NOOO one else would touch the ball
scow79::We did have an all-star caliber PG last year and it didn't go well
arizonasting001::well, you guys dont have a PG.. Nash wouldnt let that happen
