123BeAsT::Hello
Kev_010::Jazz always beat the TWolves.
whosyourdiddy51::Kevin Love needs to stop jacking up that 3pt shot until his hand completely heals. It just isn't falling and he's  hurting the team.  In fact I would only keep him in for rebounding. Maybe Adelman doesn't have the balls to tell him this. Maybe he's afraid Love will have another melt down and vent before the media.
rleroy1967::Great point.  How hard is it to say, "stop shooting 3's and whining about calls, get back on D."
My Wolves Have No Talent::I wish the Jazz would get in a plane crash.
rleroy1967::Dumb comment.
Finnegan5033::I love how everyone is freaking out and ripping the Wolves. Bottom line is we are still at .500 when Love is playing like garbage and Ricky basically isn't playing at all yet. There is no way Love will continue to be this bad, he is too good a player. And when Ricky works his way back this team will win a lot of games. Patience my friends
rleroy1967::I'll believe it when I see it
bradwinsall::what your describing is next season at best. it wont come together this year. .500 and maybe an 8 seed this year but nothing exciting this season.
Percy Starvin 12.::I think I know what is wrong with the Wolves.  I won't say it though because it hurts the feelings of a lot of nerds on this site.
My Wolves Have No Talent::I wish wolves haters had the worst kinds of cancer.
My Wolves Have No Talent::I wish Jazz fans had leukemia.
mikeisildur::"At least we're not the Timberwolves"  --Utah Jazz
My Wolves Have No Talent::Hope you pass away from cancer someday.
bhans0184::Love is a big crybaby and sucks!
HoraceGrants::Bricky Rubio is shooting 23%!!!!! WAAHHHAAHAHA!!!!  What a joke.  That's just plain embarassing
slo1111::he's only played a couple games.  give him a break.
jeffcastillo1970::For a few months now I have been using this system called Sportsbettingstar to help pick winning bets. In only 60 days I have managed to double my bankroll by following this system. You can find this system on the front page of google by searching for Sports Betting Systems. If you bet on sports at all you gotta check this system out.
jarrollin::I lost a lot of money on that system
jeffcastillo1970::started playing an online bet system called Sportsbettingstar. Since I started I have made an average profit of $3,000 a month. I hope that this reaches someone that is looking for an online betting system that really works well. I found this system on the 1st page of Google by searching for Sports Betting Systems.  I strongly encourage you to check this out if you bet at all.
732kenny::This cat pic thing is a bit tragic.
rleroy1967::agreed
slo1111::yep
732kenny::The Wolves will not make the playoffs.
bradwinsall::not looking great right now. .500 tho so there is an outside chance to steal the 8.
732kenny::Where's Bricky?
bradwinsall::jj and klove have been playing, what are you talking about?
732kenny::Where's Phil?
minny snowta::good question! does he have a cat pic? if so, he wont be back until a wolves win. hahaha1
Yu Darvish. RG3. Cristiano Ronaldo::A power forward shooting 35% is absolutely pathetic
732kenny::Glad Kahn is saving that 5 year max for a guy that hasn't done squat.
732kenny::The Kool-aid is sweet, delicious and intoxicating.  This team will never win anything other than  a first round series.... in maybe a couple years from now.
justdasqueegy1::Enes the Menace!  He was super today!
minny snowta::It's hilarious that all the kitty picture turds all talk so much, they practically live on here, it's sad.  If the game is a loss, these poor guys just disappear.  no 'good game jazz' or ' you really killed us utah!'.  the kitty cat club are the worst fans of the twolves.  that said.  the twolves stunk it up tonight.  they r not a bad team, for all you haters out there but they played like mutha fu ck ing-co cksuc king bullsh!t.  klove should have kept his mouth shut, now i'm glad we didnt sign him for the max.  ak47 is our best player cause he plays d.  klove is so bad on defense, it's pathetic.  i hope we win against the nuggs but my hopes arent to high for that game or the season.  go wolves.
minny snowta::again, it's funny! only two comments bashing me are kitty cat pic people.  it is a fair assessment of the wolves.  I love them! but Klove cannot play D, it is fact.  and i didnt say wolves fans suck, i said the kitty cat clique are the worst fans.  and here r two of you trying to bash me. hmmmm!  i am a fan of the twolves and probably alot longer than you two sad cases.  you live on here and are waiting to jump on someone when making comments that you "disagree" with.   did the wolves not stink last night? um, yes they did, they got pounded!  And as far as the future goes, i hope they do really good but the organization is poor, p i s s poor.  my uncle has done business with glen taylor and he is one of the cheapest bast e rds.  everyone knows it.  it's fine if you poor lil kitties want to talk smack but you can only do it when you r winning or want to bash someone for telling the truth about your 'beloved' team.  get a life, get a girl and get laid. hahaha!  in case you didnt get it the first time, which you didn't.  cat people are the worst twolf fans on the planet, or atleast in minny sota! hahaha!
slo1111::That is about the worst analysis I have ever read.  Log jamming hit it on the head.  Which way are you going on this?  You hate them or love them or just happy about their mediocrity?
log jamming::blah blah blah, wolves fans suck, wolves suck, no d, k love sucks....  BUt, GO WOLVES!  ur an idiot
.cha cha chia.::Kevin Love sucks
732kenny::Kahn -- raping and pillaging a team near you warehouse district.
The Power of Love 42::are you a wolves fan? we are still .500 everyone is overreacting its ridiculous.
bradwinsall::thinks are not looking thats for sure. still time to turn it around but the team doesn't seem to care
The Power of Love 42::The only thing worse than the Wolves tonight were the refs.
.cha cha chia.::The wolves had 30 ft's.....Jazz 19 ft's
732kenny::What a clown show.
732kenny::Can't draft - Love signing is botched - then Glen has the sense enough to let Ghingas spend some money in hopes of improving -- and that doesn't work either...  What else can that guy do and not get fired?
csallstar11::Twolves fans think they are gonna beat out the Nuggets and Warriors for the 5 and 6 seeds? LMFAO
Revenanteternal::Once Rubio gets healthy and on the same page with the rest of the team The Nuggs and Warriors will be back to bottom feeding in the west.
mnsportswopwopwahhh::29.3% from the 3 point line is not playoff worthy
csallstar11::TWOLVES are gonna be the six seed....HAHAHAHA funniest thing Ive heard all year
732kenny::Just fire Kahn already.
justdasqueegy1::You should be happy you have him.  Think of last year, T-wolves.
732kenny::This is for certain that moment/game when you realize the Wolves have not improved in 4 years.  5 years and 4 top 6 picks.  Basically nothing for Lawson #18.   Unreal.
732kenny::If Taylor has any sense left at all he will get rid of Kahn after this season ends....or sooner.  One mistake after another...
jarrollin::OK, winning % now worse since Love's return  He will carry the team, alright, but to the bottom of the division.
732kenny::These boards/'fans' are just like last year when Rubio went down and it all fell apart.
732kenny::When Kahn didn't take Curry it was a sign of things to come.
jarrollin::an unbelievable gaffe with 2 picks to burn
DakWolves1::So do the Wolves have a 1st rounder for next year or was that traded away?
jarrollin::I went down that rabbit hole online one night.  You'd think it would be easy to find out
DrawohWasHere::Looks like the T Wolves will be able to draft another PG high in the draft again.
Will Conroy.::Andre Hollins
BrinyBaird024::Denver by 30 tomorrow night if the Wolves play with the same sluggish no effort style.
Revenanteternal::Denver ain't beating The Bobcats by 30 let alone Minny.
BrinyBaird024::I don;t usually comment during the games and mainly use these message boards for exchanging betting info.
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::She's messing up my 6-2 quinella!  I don't think I got that quote right. Dammit.
BrinyBaird024::Sorry im not philmynuts on here 8 hours a day.
Will Conroy.::Oh just have never seen you ever
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::Denver is just like the Jazz and Wolves. Depends on which Nuggets team shows up. They are as inconsistent as anyone.
csallstar11::not at home
Will Conroy.::I have never seen you on here before.
SO WHAT IF IM A JAZZ FAN::The West is still sooooo wide open...... Anything can happen with the 8
BrinyBaird024::This is the NBA though, Where lack of effort happens.
Percy Starvin 12.::timberwolves guy Don't talk bad about any team though. If you got bad stuff to say then don't come here. This is for fans of any teams to come and support, not destroy, their team. ---- I didn't say one thing bad about the Wolves.  Just because you like to blindly accept the players that are on the team doesn't make you some super fan.  It just means that you accept mediocrity.
BrinyBaird024::It's just really frustrating watching a team reach it's potential in certain games, like vs. OKC, and then play so poorly other nights.  Where is the consistency?  What bothers me the most is when it looks like they don't care, and aren't trying.
scow79::The Jazz didn't play well against OKC.....Oh wait, you're not talking about the Jazz.   I got confused there.
Grantox::guys the wolves are a pretty solid team settle down they will get it going when rubio is back he will get the excitement roaring agian. Loook forward to the jazz playing minny again. classy bunch of fans!
Will Conroy.::Wolves fans said they would get a 5th seed before the year, now its the lottery. What changed your opinions?
Revenanteternal::Utah are still under 500. Shut that yap son if the season ended today we would be a higher playoff seed than you. 10 seed is better than a 15 seed, moron.
timberwolves guy::We're still getting the 5th Seed. People overreact way too much.
bradwinsall::watching them play
mnsportswopwopwahhh::when we cut you Will Conroy
Will Conroy.::Hilarious.
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::Reality.
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::I'm a fare whether fan. I will pay to see the Jazz whenever they are in town regardless of how good they are.
timberwolves guy::People who come here to hate on the Wolves are fake. You come here because you're a "fan" and troll all the true fans. I don't go to Yankees boards and say how much I hate them. I don't go to the Heat and rant about LeBron not performing in the clutch. You're a Wolves fan if you talk about the Wolves and you can't deny it.
Percy Starvin 12.::That doesn't mean I am a fan of the makeup of their team.
timberwolves guy::Don't talk bad about any team though. If you got bad stuff to say then don't come here. This is for fans of any teams to come and support, not destroy, their team.
mnsportswopwopwahhh::Rubio why can't you AP?
parkerabel251::Funny how one game makes everyone go crazy. Let it go. We don't even have Rubio back at full strength, and $@%! will get turned around.
parkerabel251::Hey dummy i meant the game tonight.
bradwinsall::nto one game. its one of many terrible games for love, terrible shooting performances, no rubio and a slew of other things. same old twolves
BrinyBaird024::Actually there have been like 30 games played this year.
