braves fan03::if you payed attention larry drew lost the game for the hawks because he left the bench in until they cut it to 5 and were going on a 12-3 run.  Who has the momentum at there home court yeah bad coaching scene again from larry drew
crerc::Ugly win for Bulls.
ATLien4ever::I think we left 14 points at the line last night, other than that it was a blowout just waiting to happen.  The Hawks are deep enough to beat any team in the NBA and they proved that last night.  If Teague hadn't missed his last 2 fts, that game would have been over...oh well you learn from it!  Now lets see what you got when you come to Atlanta !!!
ATLien4ever::Atlanta is focused on playing good D, with a lot of detail on the screen and roll game...I imagine when we see you again the same defense is played, and a different outcome is a point I shouldn't have to argue.  The Hawks were the better team for 3/4th of that game
buller23::WE PLAYED THE WORST HALF IN CHICAGO BULLS HISTORY AND STILL WON. WE WONT PLAY THAT BAD AGAIN THE REST OF THE YEAR. I DO AGREE WIYH WHAT UR SAYING BUT WHEN U HAVE A GUY LIKE ROSE UR NEVER OUT OF IT. THIS GUY JUST REFUSES TO LOSE
braves fan03::yeah he can beat atlantas bench real good only scored 12 first three courters up 17 then he decides to let the bench get some playing time and they go on a 12-3 run with rose scoring most the points
SIX7KID::Thats the second gift the bulls have got this season. The first was from the lakers and this one from the hawks. what happens when teams stop giving away games to the bulls?
buzzard1022::Well to be fair, the league gave the bulls about 60 gifts last year, so why would it be any different this year? (sarcasm alert)
DogOnLoose::ATL had the chance to win the game but they simply choked. No excuses.
_misterfurious::That game was difficult to watch - talk about lack of offense - both teams have like 40s in points after three quarters? Seriously?
perrypete::funny thing is it was just poor shooting, it wasnt like it was a good defensive game!
DogOnLoose::Agreed
Eternal_Sage::going to be a wide open west though bynum if he stays healthy wow
Go Chi Town Bears::will all these freaking bullster, heatster, lakester people STOP
Go Chi Town Bears::so true
Eternal_Sage::the perfect world would be ecf. miami fans, chicago fans talking trash debating basketball WITH NO TROLLS ON EITHER SIDE
69Lakers2012::YOU GUY'S THINK THE BULL'S ARE FO'REAL THIS YEAR....LOOKING GOOD SO FAR I GOTTA GIVE THEM ROSE IS PLAYING VERY GOOD....
Kage963::It's only 6 games into the season, and without the normal training camp/preseason, they still haven't gotten totally in sync with Hamilton on the floor.  Plus, he's missed the last two games with the injury.  Let's give them a little more time and see if they can get Rip going.  That will give Rose alot more help, and it will open up the floor a little bit more for Boozer too, who should get more inside looks with a second perimeter scoring option on the floor.
markpringle2003::Can Rose win with so little offensive help?
buzzard1022::Deng should have been an all star last year
dabulls2012::Remember, no CJ and no Rip last night...Noah MUST get it going better than he has so far...dude was a beast early last year before injuring his thumb...we need THAT Joakim to do some serious damage this spring.  Luol REALLY needs to be considered as a potential first-time All-Star...he has been showing up big in 4th quarters this year and D's up on the toughest match-up EVERY night.  Of course, Derrick is...well...Derrick...kid can BALL!!!  GO BULLS!
chubby rain::As long as they play the Hawks and Heat.
buller23::what kept us in the game is sheer will.  roses will. this guy HATES to lose and will find a way no matter what. this guy is maturing into a leader right b4 our eyes and its fun to watch. i could care less about the shooting %. roses will to win reminds me of someone who used to play here.                   do u think lebron has a will to win like rose or hates to lose as much as rose.. i dont think so...more
kbfs62::remember last year in the playoffs when the atlanta crowd was yelling out every time josh took a shot?  LOL
SupaFlySlammaJammazzz::Deng!  They're good!
Matterofact::that game sounds great.  sorry I missed it
markpringle2003::I hate when Josh Smith makes a jump shot, because it makes him think he can make more.
AtlSmith1024::Dude needs to learn how to be a better slasher.  Forget the jumper.
markpringle2003::You've got to be able to dribble first.
acohn22::exactly. he is a beast near the basket.  whenever he take a jump shot, i yell at the TV.  take it to the rack J Smooth
OFrog::Sometimes I'd rather have him than Joe taking them. Last night was one of those times.
markpringle2003::It's amazing how WIDE OPEN teams leave him.
markpringle2003::Yeah, and Joe's contract only escalates higher from here forward. Yikes!
OFrog::I know Josh's j is a bad joke, but you have to take a couple to get honest D, or they will just sag off and limit your penetration. Let's just say for the money earned, I'm a much bigger Josh than Joe fan.
markpringle2003::NEVER! Even when Joe is 3 for 17.
acohn22::exactly, he is a beast near the basket.  when he tries a jump shot, i always scream at the TV.  take it hard to the rack J Smooth.
rynodesign::I liked Atlanta's zone Defense. The Hawks looked good last night for a stretch and then they looked the Hawks I know. The Hawks that let teams back in the game even when the other team is playing horrible. The Bulls played terrible. If the Bulls didn't have D Rose to carry them in the 4th they lose to a team at home that the should beat fairly easily. But when you blow out a team by 40 a couple night before you can tend to be flat when you come back. They have to be ready every game if we want to beat the beasts in the east. I know it is only 6 games in but we gotta play every one like it is the last. I hope RIP lights up Detroit tonight.
rynodesign::When I say fairly easy I mean they should win that game. Not a blow out. I like the Hawks. They have some nice players. They just aren't hungry enough for me to give them major props.  It was a terribly ugly game. The refs, the shooting, the turnovers. All around bad.
rynodesign::I love a defensive battle but shouldn't you be scoring off your great D? Defense wins games. I just can't see how high pressure D doesn't create great offensive opportunities. There wasn't a lot of that especially from Chi. That is why I say UGLY.
rynodesign::I like a good defensive battle but this went a little beyond that. The shooting was really bad. The Bulls couldn't hit the broad side of a barn. Not all that had to do with great D. Once D Rose has his mind set on winning it was over. Why didn't he and the rest of the crew have that before it got out of control.  Defense win games but you have got to score off that great D. That wasn't happening.
OFrog::You saw what a legal zone and the two best defensive teams in the NBA do. You say ugly, I say winning basketball.
buzzard1022::I dont think the Hawks are a pushover. You arent giving them enough credit. I dont know why you thought that should have been a "fairly easy" win.  I figured it would be a tough battle with the bulls winning. I never expected it to be such an ugly game by both teams, though
OFrog::The Hawks zone is downright nasty. But Bulls got a huge scheduling break with Hawks having played Heat night before in Miami and 4th game in 5 nights. That zone requires a ton of energy and the well ran dry in the 4Q.
__Bullster__::LeBrick still sucks.   Thoughts?  .
MettaWorldWar::This only encourages morons like heatster.  Please don't.
shortmac2380::are you related to heatster
shortmac2380::are you the brother of heatster
__Bullster__::I only post facts about the Bulls.  .
shortmac2380::my thought is your right
The_Exuberator::Unbelievable game. D Rose taking over.  Live blog and recap at http://bullsarena.blogspot.com/
davidms5611::I liked the effort and "new" scheme the Hawks are running-pressure D and trying to run more. We shocked the Heat at their place, and nearly beat the Bulls at theirs. After losing Crawford I thought it would be a tough season, but Coach is making it happen. The future looks bright.  We'll see the Bulls again on Saturday in Atlanta for the rematch! Go Hawks!!
AtlSmith1024::Hawks D has been great so far this season.  Fun game to watch last night even though the Hawks barely lost.
buller23::think the bulls have the best bench in league, but no doubt captain kirk will help.  chicago loves that guy and we miss him.  he can ball
buzzard1022::Agreed. The bulls have the better bench, but you have to like captain kirk
markpringle2003::With Hinrich, we may have the best bench in the league.
RyanCarranza::FALSE!!  Your Hawks have a good bench, no doubt.  But no bench matches up with our bench mob!
markpringle2003::And we FINALLY have a deep bench. Not sure how THAT happened.
davidms5611::Yep, Rose was obviously the difference. He's tough. We'll get our shooting guard back soon-you remember Heinrich-and see if the added depth helps. Pargo has held his own.
buzzard1022::Bulls will get their shooting guard back soon too. Rip Hamilton sat last night with a groin injury
lctngo0227::That zone defense is outstanding at first against the Bulls. Making the Bulls to play half court basketball. One on one iso's without a shooter there's no chance. Rose tried his hardest last night he didn't want to lose.
Detroit_is_the_Worst::No chance looked like a W last night.
buller23::what kept us in the game is sheer will.  roses will. this guy HATES to lose and will find a way no matter what. this guy is maturing into a leader right b4 our eyes and its fun to watch. i could care less about the shooting %. roses will to win reminds me of someone who used to play here.                   do u think lebron has a will to win like rose or hates to lose as much as rose.. i dont think so
lctngo0227::Just think Wade is also someone like Rose. A leader on the court, loves his team and his Hometown Chicago. Them 2 would be good teammates. That's a dream of mine seeing them 2 play together.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::ATL played the pants off of CHI...but missed too many free throws.
chubby rain::Excuses, excuses, shut up, u lost!
Man From UNC::If Atlanta makes their free throws....nothing Rose did would have mattered......
Sjobalia::Win is a win and a loss is a loss... No matter if your team was the Memphis Grizlies or the Atlanta Hawks.  40 points or 2 points, what matters in the game is Wins and Losses.  Only stat that matters at all.
lctngo0227::And you forgot didn't guard Derrick Rose in the 4th lol
kalanidallas::76-74? What were they playing? Girl's basketball?
Man From UNC::MIssed open shots, not good defense caused this ugly score......
lctngo0227::More Defense than Offense that's for sure. Was an ugly offensive game.
buzzard1022::very ugly. Lots of missed layups and wide up 12 footers by both teams
markpringle2003::Defense!
markpringle2003::Josh Smith is the best jump shooter in the NBA.
AtlSmith1024::Shhh... don't tell him that.
Man From UNC::If you're counting dunks.....
kfoges03::haha i love good sarcasm
chadhenne07::bulls had 42 points at the end of the 3rd quarter....no reason why we should of been in that game...what kept us in the game was defense...our offense was horrible and so was theirs....
Man From UNC::bad free throw shooting from the Hawks or that game is over......
chubby rain::Bad shooting by the Bulls or that game was OVER, see i can play the what if card too.
chadhenne07::i know u guys are dissappointed in boozer.....but when u put deng, noah, boozer, hamilton, rose.........specifically on defense....thats a lock down brick wall defense ,.....teams will earn their points against us.....boozer stats arent all that bad really.....maybe not worth what he is getting paid but i think he does enough of what thibs is asking for him...defense first
Man From UNC::Boozer has stunk for the money he is getting.....Deng has played like an All Star......
lctngo0227::I can't believe Rose had 17 points and Hawks had 18 points in the 4th quarter. That last play was good. Noah can pass we Bulls fans know that. This was an ugly game but so much it picked up in the 4th. Joe Johnson 3-17? Wow
lctngo0227::I agree with that maybe we will see more like that Grizzlies Blowout game :)
ttecza::I think we are going to see a lot of ugly games this year. With the abbreviated schedule, teams will be out of sync from time to time.
chadhenne07::bulls should be respected as the number 1 team ....people over look us cuz we dont have the "big 3" or big names...just rose...but thats cool we will finish nba best record this year again ...yall watch.....bulls are 5 and 1 ...thats with 4 road games...go bulls.....
Man From UNC::Got a gift victory from the Hawks last night....poor free throw shooting lost that game.....
chubby rain::Shut up with your excuses, and crying like a liitle B itch,  the Bulls had a off shooting night and STILL WON, Ha,ha!!
chadhenne07::for those who i agrue with all the time about deng being the best defender in the league for a SF ......look at joe johnson's stats .....it was the same thing last year in the playoffs
JayBeatz21::but u kno, wit all that energy being put to guarding Lebron that might have messed up Deng on the offensive side of the courtif he had guarded him the whole game. Deng has been known to play sum lengthy amounts of minutes especially because chicago doesnt have a legit back up small foward
lctngo0227::Boges had no business guarding James nor should Taj and Brewer. It should of been Deng every time James was on the court it should of been Deng guarding him. I'm still scratching my head why not keep his defensive assignment to James only one on one basketball if they iso James.
JayBeatz21::yeah i remember seeing Brewer and Bogans on him at times
lctngo0227::Coach Thibs thought it was better to pull Deng off him but Deng did get some time defending James but not all the time like he did last year's regular season game. Deng is a defensive player. Its safe to say the whole Bulls team play defense more than Offense and that's what you get with a defensive coach.
chadhenne07::lol.....no i think deng started guarding him and thib switched it up..lebron was playin good last year in the playoffs against us....but in the reg season lebron stats were ugly on deng
JayBeatz21::well i guess the bulls should have recognized dat and kept Deng on Lebron in the Eastern conference finals. but they didnt.
chadhenne07::deng didnt guard lebron in the playoffs.....but look at lebron stats in the reg season last year.....deng shut him down to 11 points a game......just sayin
chadhenne07::no hes not JB....deng has shut lebron down
JB_Smoove_Swagged_Out_Though::<b>Lebron is a better defender than Deng.. just sayin</b>
buller23::only bcause of his size
markpringle2003::So is Josh Smith (when he's on Ritalin).
chadhenne07::i know.....the reason why kobe didnt end up a bull is because lakers wanted deng with one of the 3 or 4 players ....bulls said no....great choice...i hope the bulls keep the team just like it is
buzzard1022::Deng is the most underrated player in the league
Airtight Granny::Hey guys!  Remember this?  7 of 23 for 21 points - LOSS 8 of 19 for 20 points - LOSS 8 of 27 for 23 points - LOSS 9 of 29 for 25 points - LOSS  Rose would make Kobe very proud.
lctngo0227::Are you Rose Haters still here and talking smack? He showed clutch last night and you guys still talking about last year? Pshhhh.
chadhenne07::there is a difference in choking and playing bad....choking is when u give up and stop fighting ...which is what lebron did......playing bad is trying your best and coming up short......rose failed to win...not choked...rose shot the ball and missed....but atleast he had enough heart to shoot the ball rather than run from it
chadhenne07::atleast rose took the basketball and tryed to make a shot or get his team invlolved.....last year lebron in the championship ran away from the ball and didnt even want the ball.....roll the tapes and watch if u want....he stood in the corner hiding by defenders and didnt even want any parts of the ball....i guess he got tired of competing maybe its too hard for him to win a championship ....maybe he wants it handed to him......well atleast my boy rose shows heart
JB_Smoove_Swagged_Out_Though::<b>Stats dont lie.. Rose did choke</b>
chadhenne07::rose didnt choke....he gave all he had cuz he was our only scorer
chadhenne07::ok airtight lets talk about lebron in the championship in the 4th quarter in every game shall we????
Airtight Granny::Yep.  D.Rose.  ECF.  CHOKED for 4 straight losses.
Oxfordian Theory::That's Derrick Rose in the Eastern Conference Finals.
chadhenne07::airtight.....who shot that pct%???? who are u talking about???......
buzzard1022::Kobe and his rings?
Eternal_Sage::hawks getting miami again on a b2b ugh x_x
ATLrepresent11::We play them Thursday..? Unless you mean we have to turn around after that game and play Charlotte.
markpringle2003::I don't think Chicago wants to see Miami in the playoffs. That's a bad match-up for them. However, I think this new, deeper Hawks team matches up well with either Chicago or Miami.
speedyg910::there is one team that has a shot to beat the heat this year....and its defiantly the bulls!  there defense will keep them in games and the onlu question is if they can score enough...if bulls lose to heat...heat win championship easy (unless lebron pulls a lebron haha)
shortmac2380::miami and chicago can be beaten but in the playoffs it will be chicago vs maimi not atlanta
markpringle2003::How come people don't understand what "match-up" means?
Eternal_Sage::let them think it mark, your team has to come together  bulls, miami they can be beaten
shortmac2380::you lost crawford and got an old t-mac and journey-man pargo.how did you get better
shortmac2380::hawks will make the 2nd round only. just like last yr.
mpurcell87::you sir make no sense. ur saying that the hawks would be able to get out of the east haha
shortmac2380::this comming from a guy whos happy about pargo. out of your team your happy about pargo
markpringle2003::He's been playing well for us off the bench, that's all I know.
materazzi2323::For the record , the Bulls were 3-0 in the regular season vs the Heat last season
markpringle2003::What happened in the playoffs vs Miami?
materazzi2323::So youre saying the Bulls cant beat Miami , but the Hawks can?? How do the Hawks matchup better with Miami than the Bulls when the Bulls have better team and bench than Atlanta?
Eternal_Sage::if miami can't find a way through the zone and shoots poorly &gt;.&gt; they won't do very well
shortmac2380::the hawks pulled a lebron played good for 3 quarters
JayBeatz21::Shooting, yes both teams were horrible but atlanta's Defense was showing up the first 3 quarters....it just aint carry over that much to the 4th....i wonder if they meet again wit both teams coming on a resting day or both having a back-to-back....atlanta held their own after playin another top team in the east the day b4....
lctngo0227::They played horrible all quarters look at the shooting percentage same goes to the Bulls.
materazzi2323::HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!
Qster15::Let's chant.. "Boozer suc.ks, Boozer su.cks" Hawks CHOKED like usual
mpurcell87::" we were right there with them. dominated for most of the game, then derrick rose happened"-al horford  I love when derrick rose happens
buzzard1022::Hey LeBum got engaged last weekend, which means a ring is finally  in his future. Too bad its the ball and chain ring and not an NBA ring
Eternal_Sage::Lol let the man have his moment
mpurcell87::pretty sure everyone north of miami would like to see the heat lose
Eternal_Sage::lol isn't that the truth &gt;.&gt;
nba is the worst::Horford was a solid contributor to the losing ft brick comittee
markpringle2003::That one FT Al shot at the end was  U G L Y!
Oxfordian Theory::miami loves it too
shortmac2380::nba- where derrick rose happens
nba is the worst::You could see the Hawks run out of gas in the 4th - with the exception of Joe Johnson, who was "out of it" all game...
mpurcell87::that excuse seems pretty lame but its only one game
markpringle2003::In Joe's defense, he did play very good defense. If he hadn't I would be trashing him right now.  ...and those free throws by the Hawks were very short at the end. That does suggest no gas.
buzzard1022::Agreed. Its tough to win on the road on a second game of a back to back, especially when the opponent has had some rest.
brcoke::boozer and noah for a bag of balls
Qster15::Keep Noah.. ditch the loser with the tats (Boozer)
markpringle2003::Without Noah, you are one and done in the playoffs.
buzzard1022::You dont know much about basketball
markpringle2003::Thanks for Jannero Pargo, Chicago. He's a nice PG coming off the bench.
mgnfcnt2K::lol, yeah he had a couple of good breakout games early in his career and has done squat since then
stupidtony11::5 missed FT in the 4th cost the Hawks the game!
scots1212::I've said it before and I'll say it again - no team led by Joe Johnson and Josh Smith will ever be a title contender.
mpurcell87::teague is a clown and atlanta is going nowhere. way to inconsistent
scots1212::I'm skeptical - believe me, I'd like to see it. I think he's a great kid.
scots1212::Not as long as these two are carrying the torch. Never gonna happen.
nba is the worst::Just move on to the next one - hopefully a win over the heatles on THEIR B2B
nba is the worst::After that ft line choke, can we dispense with the "M-V-Teague" posts for now?
markpringle2003::I think he will be, if they let him lead.
scots1212::Teague is good, but he's not run-a-championship-team good.
Eternal_Sage::Yeah hawks have most issues but i can make a case for rose not leading or lebron or anyone really hell dirk had that label on him until he won his first ring
scots1212::Some, yes, but not as drastically as this. What we have here is a shoot-first, get mine max-salary player and a freak athlete who absolutely refuses to play to his strengths to help his team win. It's simply not a recipe for ultimate success.
markpringle2003::Jeff Teague will be running things by playoff time.
Eternal_Sage::you can say that abotu a lot of players with no rings
Eternal_Sage::Yeah they are a contender, they replaced the knicks for me as the other contender in the east
markpringle2003::They are a contender this year.
conlevis2::I saw this score and thought it was a women's NCAA game.....
Adam01Said::Long and short of it is this:  Bulls shot 33.8% and won.   Hawks shot 35% and lost.  One game out of 66.
mpurcell87::he hates you so its even
markpringle2003::Bulls missed 6 free throws. Hawks missed 11 free throws - most at the wrong time.  I hate DRose!
mgnfcnt2K::Morning Haters...
markpringle2003::Morning. I HATE DRose! What a showoff.  Go Hawks!
chubby rain::Jealous are we?
mgnfcnt2K::lol
materazzi2323::The Hawks got DRose-D
superpieman802::everyone can run their mouths as much as they want, bottom line is the bulls won the game and are now 5-1.  hate all you want on that because as much as everyone wants to complain you cant change the fact that the bulls have only 1 loss against 5 wins.  so keep complaining about how they should be 2-4 because that changes nothing
deelowda1::That's what good teams do .... they find ways to win, even when they are behind through-out the whole game!
materazzi2323::The Bulls are a top 3 team in the league, for sure!!!
Jaywashing::Maybe the Bulls "should" be 3-3 or 2-4 or whatever, but they aren't--because they're good.
materazzi2323::People who are complaining are just jealous because they know how good and dangerous the Bulls really are, especially if RIP can get going after his injury
Eternal_Sage::good deal! i agree !
materazzi2323::DRose CLUTCHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!
materazzi2323::Eternalsage- Did u see DRose last night??? Now that's what u call a clutch player, he took over the 4th unlike OVERRATED LBJ!!
Eternal_Sage::lol
materazzi2323::$@%!$!%
materazzi2323::So the guy hits 3  3pointers and hes lucky???
Jaywashing::$@%!$@%
Eternal_Sage::it's sarcasm $@%!$@%
materazzi2323::Rose had 17 points in the 4th , dummy!!!!
Eternal_Sage::.. no luck in the nba? WTF IS WRONG WITH YOU?
Detroit_is_the_Worst::This is the NBA moron.  There is no luck.
Eternal_Sage::pfft lucky threes but yeah he did good but the issue is going to be playoffs
Eternal_Sage::deng hit the game winner
Donchico51274::D.Rose is becoming a strong leader and Deng is the truth.
texasrocks123456::Man I fell asleep when Atlanta was up 56 38...WTF HAPPENED
Detroit_is_the_Worst::D Rose happened
markpringle2003::I don't like him anymore.  Go hawks!
chisport23::@ the people who is pointing DRose's single digit assists, please watch the game or at least analyze some data before comment. Clearly it was off night for everyone including DRose. If his teammates had made some wide open shots, he should have 15 assists easily.
Eternal_Sage::7 assists is still very good, i don't know the people who are blasting rose but  if it was 30 points 2 assists, that's one thing
markpringle2003::I hate games that you should win but don't. AAAARRRRGGGHHHH!!!!!
Eternal_Sage::Oh well the beauty of close wins is is a it's a toss up what can happen the next time. kind of like cha game, miami blew them out second time i wanna see them counter act the zone a lot better thurs. but for now. WE BEAT THE PACERS!
Eternal_Sage::why couldn't pargo and mcgrady hit those threes against the bulls and not against miami,. AAAARGH!!
markpringle2003::They should of had TMAC on the floor LATE instead of Marvin. He can't hit shots on the bench.
Eternal_Sage::Damn, guess now mccoy and chicgocold will  claim chicago &gt; miami now that chicago beat the hawks &gt;.&gt;
