Dented_rim::The NBA's best rat ball team got 12 assists - you couldn't get that few assists if you tried - for them it just comes naturally. When teams get serious (playoff time) and start grinding it out all game, they can't deal with it and get too impatient. When Durant has to grind it out - he averages at least 5 turn overs a game - add that to Westbrooks usual 5+ turn overs and it's lights out for them. If OKC wins a title with their style - it will be the final nail in the coffin for what was once a team games that was like art work when everyone was working together (the 1977 Blazers).
ldenton85::I I watched that game. The Cliopers were allowed to dominate that game with the refs allowing them to tackle Thunder players every trip down tje floor. Another reason game wise was that Russell Westbrook played out of control the whole night. That kid plays with so muxh anger and tenacity. He got knocjed out of bounds and hit a chair and popped back up like it never happen. He got a foul on him and was chssing Beldsoe I believe down the court like a mad man and then picked up another foul quickly from that. He played terrible in,spurts last nights.
Jaguarcrazyboy::Stop the Flop!!
Dented_rim::You talking to Nick Collison? You don't lead the league unless you have a little Rodman in you. Nick and Harden are my two fav Thunder players because they are always thinking - just a shame that part of that thinking involves thinking to over act. I think it was in the playoffs last year where Harden over acted so bad that the announcers talked about it for days... lol.
bucman1288::blake griffin is still overrated
Jaguarcrazyboy::"No way,"  Deandre Jordan
Rdhutchi::Best dunk montage I've seen in a while Check this out if you love dunks!!!!!!!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wDc-di5kIek
fliptide....::spam
Heisenberg_1::Clippers are still a year or two away from seriously contending. Blake, DAJ, Nick "Swaggy" Young, Foye, Bledsoe have never even played a playoff game. They'll get their feet wet this year and should be a much better ball  club next year (and will hopefully have a better coach as well).
Heisenberg_1::In my opinion the best case for the Clips would be: Orlando firing SVG and the Clips getting him. Blake would finally have someone to teach him how to play good defense.
Dented_rim::How did the Van Gundy's ever even get coaching jobs in the first place, they must be connected somewhere. They look like they should be running a kosher pizzeria.
fliptide....::HAH! Van Gundy does not teach "defense", anymore than a guy with a ladder teaches "height":
Heisenberg_1::Biggest thing is trying to lock up CP3. If he doesn't commit next year it could turn ugly, and if he decides to leave the team would implode. He needs to be consulted on everything in the offseason, especially in matters concerning the coach.
neiru_3::A new coach will be a big deal. Sorry to say, but VDN is holding back CP3, Griffin, and the rest of the team. With a good coach this team will be incredible. They need someone that can teach the young guys.
clippsallday::Next year forsure even tho we will be tough to beat this year too
neiru_3::It's all about the match ups. The Clippers match up well against the Thunders and Grizzlies. They don't match up well against the Spurs and lakers. The Western Conference Playoffs are going to be really good. The Clippers are playing better defense and have balanced scoring. They have many guys that can score and when their 3's are going in..it's over.
SoOnErFaN1980::The Clippers are dangerous but you cant base what will happen in the playoffs from what happened in the regular season. If we learned anything from last years playoffs we know that almost half of the teams that won in the first round lost the regular season series to that team.
texrcana24::Can any of the Clippers fans on here give an honest and legitimate answer as to why after being 8-2 in your last 10 games that qualifies you as the "Best in the West" and championship bound??  Especially considering they have practically zero playoff experience.  Don't put the cart before the horse.  It's that exact mentality that will take you down in playoff series.
wakeforest9669::12-2
texrcana24::I'm not bad mouthing the Clips, nobody can deny  they are playing great right now but the playoffs are a WHOLE different animal.  I was taken back last year at the Thunder games at how different and how much more intense the play is during the playoffs as opposed to the regular season.  The West is not going to be a cake walk and whoever makes it through will no doubt deserve to be in the Finals this year.
tandyman8::The only thing I can say is that when games start getting faster and more physical the Clippers seem to get better.  They have speed and athleticism at every position (other than SF) and they have 2 big guys, Martin and Evans, who can come in off the bench and bang with anyone.  My only concern is their interior defense and rebounding when Jordan is in the game, as he's useless against both Ibaka and Bynum.
Lakers 2009-2010 world champions::Clippers will go as far as Chris Paul takes them.
Shad6252::but lost to the lakers 2 out of 3 times all with bynum...
tandyman8::I'm not sure why anyone would say the Clippers are "championship bound" but they are the hottest team in the NBA right now, they have the best closer in Chris Paul, and they beat OKC 3 out of 4 games this year.
grapenutz78::say whatever you want about lebron....this is awesome  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JAcArrcQ6jE
pioms::All Blake does is dunk, ALL CP3 does is flop, the Clippers don't play D, blah-blah-blah.    I don't think there is a team in the West that wants to play the Clippers in the playoffs.
texrcana24::The problem though is when teams are actually able to stop his dunking ability, i.e. the game in Oklahoma City a couple weeks back.  He only had 7 points and was a non factor in that game when he was forced to play away from the rim.  He's a great athlete but needs to develop another dimension to his game.
phenry529::true, but if okc is able to stop him, what happened the other 3 times they played each other? in theory, you should just be able to say "stop his dunking and he sucks" but it just doesn't work. if it were that simple, he wouldnt be averaging 21 points.
yourshotbroke::Funny how other teams say all he does is dunk. Um if you are that athletic and you have the choice of a layup or dunk, wouldn't you dunk and go for the better percentage shots. If teams cant stop you down low, why stop what is working, dunk on them and overpower them, why shoot lower percentage shots. Until they can stop you from getting your points. But until then he should do what he's doing, make the other team adjust and have to double team him.
pioms::He's a a strong athletic power forward -- I'd be trying to dunk and jump over everyone too if I had those kind of skills.   I don't like my bigs hanging out on the perimeter shooting 20 footers all night.
clippsallday::haha yea budy
shoepimp01::It's 7th Heaven!!!!!!!!! For the SEVENTH TIME "WE" are IN the playoffs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This is our year. The West better watch out "WE" are coming.
fliptide....::YOUR MOM better watch out when I'M COMMING.
xFLoRiDa_GaToRsx::OKC couldn't even score 80 pts... If these two play each other in playoffs Clippers win
SoOnErFaN1980::We owned OKC in the regular season!  -Memphis
fliptide....::you recall that it went down to a game 7?
phenry529::yeah can't base it off of one game...but, then again, the clips did win 3/4 on the season against okc.   to be honest, if they played, the clips would have a chance for sure, but i think the thunder would win. it would probably feel a lot like last year's okc-memphis series.  but still, don't discount the clippers. they look good now, and paul turns it up a notch in the postseason...
texrcana24::Defining an entire playoff series off of one game???
clippsallday::Clippers proved to me last night that they can compete with anyone, it wasnt just a W it was  a blowout win esp in the 4th quarter.
Kidd Mambaa::Clippers and OKC are both well stacked teams, but i believe Thunder get farther in the playoffs!
69Lakers2012::Lebrick will be another Patrick Ewing, Charles Barkley and Karl Malone and many more....  NO RING..!!!
jbarbosa2001::Seattle just didnt score when they needed to - too many holes in the defense tonight...Sonics have been playing well!
shakedownstreet5::http://www.girlpoop.net/
ustna::Seattle Supersonics&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;OKC Thunder
sambo8686::The Ducks killing the puppies so bad in college football, we're going to have to make a new rival with the Seachickens when they join the Pac-12 next year.
I am stellar::I think its funny how yall are hating OKC but when they win the championship yall are just gonna become bandwagon fans! So hop off OKC jocks!
ustna::I am stellar - I think its funny how yall are hating OKC but when they win the championship yall are just gonna become bandwagon fans! So hop off OKC jocks!  -------------------------------------------------------  Not sure if serious.........
sambo8686::All teams from Seattle &gt; Nobody
angrycali::Durant, Texas, Seattle &gt; OKC
texrcana24::I think somebody has a small vendetta against OKC
sgant22::Not living in Seattle make it pretty easy to be a fan of both. I'm just sayin"
I am stellar::That team doesnt even exsist anymore..... and they sucked while they were there...!
sambo8686::Seattle Storm &gt; Sonics. They we're selling more games out than the Sonics.
Bynum Pulls Down 30::Claiming a WNBA team sold out an arena is laughable.
sambo8686::Lake show 5-1 with new head coach Kobe Bryant
sgant22::Congrats Clippers you own us right now. Can't wait to see you hopefully in the second round. My kids are so young they will allow coach Brooks to use this as a learning experience and be completely ready for a series against this team. Plus your secret weopon is exposed Nick Young will be on lockdown next time with Deandre trying to force up shots. You'll see.
USISBEST::You cannot lock down Nick Young. You cannot double team Young. If you do, you will leave Mo or CP3 or Griffin or Foye open. Pick your poison.
I am stellar::Westbrook is better at a 2 guard and I'm a Thunder fan! But just cause the thunder is slacking here lately oh well theyll get back to there game dont worry!
angrycali::OKC will never get it right: First they steal Durant &amp; the Sonics and second they sign head case ball hog/brick Westbrook long term instead of trading him for  CP3...It's all coming around now...
cp3clipp::Sam Perkins!!
sgant22::It"s called "LETTING GO" already!
I am stellar::Quit bringing the sonics up! Your quite ignorant! they are the THUNDER now! Not the SONICS!!!! Can you please get that through your head!
dadburnitson::Actually, Seattle gave the Sonics away because they either couldn't afford them or were too tight to keep them there after Schulz decided to sell the franchise and take his money and run and basically said the H3LL with the Sonics fans.
I am stellar::But he loves it in Oklahoma too! and they didnt steal him away they were bought! You cant steal a team!
angrycali::Kevin Durant #2 Pick by the Seattle Sonics and then stolen away. He praised Seattle big time while he was there and after as well. Only signed long term with OKC for the money, but he will regret that now that Westbrook is there long term as well...
3PeatKB24::Shawn Kemp is that you? or is it Gary Payton :)
cp3clipp::would you rather have Wade or Kobe in your team? (at this point of their career)
cp3clipp::i'm afraid they will...
Miami-Jstar::they will win a rind and Dwyane Wade has been pretty healthy these past few years and does much more than kobe, i would say kobe is a better scorer but d-wade is definitely a better all around player right now then kobe
69Lakers2012::Wade &amp; Lebrick will not Win a Championship Together..!!!!
Unbiasedfan83::Kobe has never shot 50% in a season so idk bout all that.Wade is more efficient but he plays less
phenry529::rings isn't totally fair, kobe had 8 years of prime shaq and 3+ years of prime gasol. wade had 1 good year of shaq and 1 year with lebron. now, obviously, wade has lebron to work with, and if they don't win a few rings together, then you can really make the ring argument, but until then, kobe has just had more opportunities
69Lakers2012::Kobe no Question.....How many rigns the kobe has and how many wade....KOBE All the way.!!!
3PeatKB24::It's not even the Rings, Kobe is just better even now. Wade I think has better speed going to the basket but Kobe's mid range game and jumper trumps that.
3PeatKB24::Still Kobe, Wade is always injured and Kobe is more clutch. I know Kobe is injured right now but he wil be fine. Wade has sat out alot over the last 4 or 5 years.
Islandvibez21::Know who else is 0-7?  LeBron ;)
69Lakers2012::I Hate leBrick too..!!
acashmoney72588::hey you rmr when LBJ has accomplished more than KD?
cp3clipp::texrecana24: please answer this little question in a sincere fashion: would you rather have CP3 in your OKH team (playing along KD, Harden, Ibaka and Perk) or Westbrook?
julzNYK::isn't westbrook a beast on the boards tho? Idk the stats but i think he is
julzNYK::theres basically the same on the boards - westbrook career 4.7 - CP 4.5
texrcana24::Westbrook is a different style of guard than Paul as well.  Being a shoot first point guard doesn't necessarily mean that you are not good at the position, you just play it a different way.  It's like in football being a power back as opposed to a shifty back, neither is wrong it's just a different style.  If you look at Westbrook's 4th quarter stats for the year, he actually only averages right at 3 shots and the majority of his assists come during that period.  He is learning to adapt his game depending on who is on the floor with him.  If Harden, Durant, and Westbrook are all on the floor at the same time, Westbrook actually takes the least amount of shots.
cp3clipp::sgant22 may have a good point in durability (although questionable)  but not in score needs:  see: this season Westbrooks is just 4 points above CP3 (in avg socre); in OKH a PG like CP3 might have 2 or 3 points less than in Clipps; fine:  with CP3 as your PG, those 6/7 points will easily favor players such as Harden/Sef/Perk/Ibaka (not to mention KD who is so great that almost doesn' need a PG or any special offensive tactic)
sgant22::Excuse me knuckleheads we need Westbrook at his role as scorer/passer in that order. CP3 appears to be able to score when he wants too but not as consistenely as Westbrook. You need players that fit their roles. Westbrook is the scored in OKC that CP3 would not be. Fact. CP3 is awesome but I'll keep Westbrook, for the still maturing part of his game and you cannot beat his durability at all.
texrcana24::Its funny you mention that because that was a big debate here before the season and when Chris Paul was available.  I won't lie to you, I along with many others here would rather have Chris Paul because I think that his basketball IQ is very high and he understands the game very well i.e. when to shoot, when to pass, when to setup an offense back up.  Westbrook is still learning and in his defense I saw Paul play a lot when the Hornets were in OKC and he made a lot of the same mistakes at that point in his career as Westbrook.  Westbrook may miss shots and be streaky but he is SO much better with turning the ball over just this year over last.  Overall answer though right now, I have no problem being honest and saying Paul
cp3clipp::thank's for your answer; obviuosly I agree
cp3clipp::I think the difference is just the one that exists between a future-Hall-of-Famer and a never-Hall-of-Famer
69Lakers2012::CP3 Much Better..!!
cp3clipp::is an easy call also for me (CP3 by 1000 miles, spec. playing along KD), but we are trying to get an answer from texrecana24 , an OKH season ticket holder
acashmoney72588::CP3 is the best POINT guard in the NBA...Westbrook doesn't even qualify as a POINT guard
angrycali::Easy question.....CP3 by a long shot...
acashmoney72588::anyone that says Westbrook over CP3 doesn't know basketball.
acashmoney72588::Thunder had an excellent chance in my opinion to trade Russell Westbrook and perhaps a 2nd round pick to the Hornets for Paul...should have done it...THunder w/ CP3 would be unstoppable.
cp3clipp::I agree! But that was not an easy call: if you open to trade and finally missed the shot and didn't get CP3, you've ruined the team's chemistry (with a disspointed "WestBrick"), just for nothing.
I am stellar::I HATE BLAKE GRIFFIN !
yourshotbroke::Funny last time i checked, dunks and layups are shots. At 55% shooting sounds good to me, no matter if it's a dunk or layup. He averages 20 points, im pretty sure he doesn't dunk 10 times a game. Funny how a Lakers fan calling him dirty, but they have a couple of pretty dirty player themselves in Metta and Bynum.
phenry529::A few things on Griffin. 1. I don't think he plays dirty or gets all the calls. He gets hacked and hammered a lot, and doesn't always get calls. It's a lot like how Shaq was. He plays physical, so players play more physical against him and can get away with harder hits.  2. Griffin's shot- if you look at the stats, he's actually about average from mid-range. He shoots around 36% from 16-23 feet. This percentage doesn't sound good, but the league average from 16-23 feet is about 35%. So he's actually an average shooter, and his jumper is improving. However, he is still struggling from the free throw line for some reason. 3. Griffin is a good all around player, because he can score inside in various ways(not just dunking). He has a decent amount of post up and face up moves. You don't average 21 points by only being a good dunker. He is very skilled. Along these lines, he has arguably the best ball skills of any power forward in the game--he is an elite ball handler for a big, and has the ability to grab a rebound and run a fastbreak by himself. He can dribble in traffic as well. He is also a great passer, either on the break or out of the post, and can pass out of double teams efficiently. There's a reason he averages about 3.5 assists for his career.
phenry529::sure, he gets away with some stuff, but what superstar player doesn't? obviously, griffin isn't perfect. he whines to refs sometimes, he plays too physical sometimes, he gets away with calls. what bothers me and a lot of clipper fans is that he gets called out for it like he's the only person doing those things. every star player complains to refs, every star player gets calls, every star player does something. people just focus their hate toward griffin though for some reason.
3PeatKB24::I think he gets away with alot when he drives regarding using his off hand and jumping into players, jmo but I think he is a good player/great talent
dzh730::He's good at the post and can dunk, plus he's got great speed.  But the guy can't shoot anything to save his life, which irritates me because people call him all-around when he's ONLY good inside
3PeatKB24::He is a great talent but plays dirty which I dont like and the REFS let him get away with everything. I think most people are seeing that now.
I am stellar::thank u for agreeing broski
dzh730::he's extremely overrated and can't shoot for $@%!
I am better then u lebron::Also agree!
69Lakers2012::Agree..!!!!
cp3clipp::Hate is Bad Love is Good Ron Artest Metta World Peace
angrycali::Best chance right now of coming out of the West in order: Spurs Clips Grizz Lake Show  OKC
I am stellar::sir i do play basketball, and i watch all thunder games too... i am aware that the thunder have great chemistry...that is why they are such a good team..... the clippers just got LUCKY...its rare that u hold the team with a 2 time scoring champion to 25 second half points....AND remember the thunder had to deal with the lockout as well...........kids these days...
phenry529::lucky? they played good defense. they beat the thunder 3/4(2 blowouts) times this season, so i wouldnt say they got lucky. they are just a good team that plays well against the thunder for whatever reason. but they didnt get lucky.  in regards to dealing with the lockout, i think the point he was making was that the lockout had a greater effect on the clippers because of all the new players. 3 of their starters(butler, paul, billups) joined the team just weeks or days before the season started. other rotation players joined the team midseason (kmart, evans, young). you guys have basically the same group as last year, so the lockout didn't affect you as much in that sense. chris paul had only been on this team for about a week before he had to start playing games. in terms of chemistry, that has a huge effect. the thunder didn't have those kinds of problems this offseason, even with the lockout.
acashmoney72588::^ clearly stellar doesn't play basketball, cause if he did he would know that the Thunder have been playing together for over a year where as the clippers have played together for a total of 60 games, including a lot w/o Mo Williams and w/o Billups, and practicually had no off season. CP3 was traded to them a week prior to the season starting...Thunder have more chemistry and more experience together as a unit. We will see how the Clippers are next year w/ a year under their belt and an actual offseason to build some chemistry.
I am stellar::How are they a fraud?? They have won way more games than the clippers! And if they were still the sonic they would be sucking hardcore! its a good thing they are in OKC they have a sell out crowd every home game do the clipps?!?!?! no.... cause they blow.
phenry529::clippers have sold out every home game this year.  i think they also sold out every home game last year after the all star break, but i could be wrong on that one. but i know 100% that they have sold out every game this year.
I am better then u lebron::Wherer are the thunder? they have the best record in the west. gahh that pisses me off thunder arent #1 thats $@%!! We have the best bench and really prob the best team in the nba! $@%!$!
I am stellar::They are not the freaking sonics anymore get over the past!!
angrycali::Nope not a Clips fan but will pull for them over anyone else but the Lake Show...Clips own the OKC right now...
angrycali::That would be the Spurs with the best record in the West right now with the #1 seed....and the beat downs they gave OKC this year...OKC/Sonics will be hangin on to the #2 seed barely...
texrcana24::Don't let angrycali get to you, he's a Clips fan who because his team has won a couple of games thinks they're on top of the world.  Give him his two minutes to gloat on here and come playoff time he'll see that having a team that is flashy, inexperienced and inconsistant is not good for playoff basketball.
I am stellar::Your an idiot!!!! Do you even watch basketball???????
angrycali::Yup watching OKC lose big time now....as they are a Fraud...thanks to ball hog, brick...Westbrook... Nice job OKC stealing Durant and the Sonics away...Karma....
grapenutz78::Damn KD!! Really??  http://www.slamonline.com/online/nba/2012/04/kevin-durant-wont-chase-scoring-title/
Jar_Jar Binks::I weigh 170 but bench 420.
thexdiamond::it's called referencing a sidebar ad.  settle down everyone.
3PeatKB24::I weigh 185 and can bench 265 and I am strong, if he can bench 420 weighing 170 he would be the worlds strongest athlete, nobody can do that! He is full of BS. For the record I am actually straight but when he said the word gay I was having fun with it saying yeah I am happy!
I am better then u lebron::What are u talking about kid get off u $@%!$@! Jar jar stop talking about being gay this is sports talk not about calling people gay get off!!!!!!!!!!
cp3clipp::Jar_Jar Binks: isn't that Chris Bosh? looks quite like him!
I am stellar::yeah and im an 80 year old man and i squat 600...balogna
ustna::Clips bench&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Lakers bench   with ease......
Jar_Jar Binks::You guys are both gay.
3PeatKB24::Gay means happy look it up in your dictionary, just replying to what you said.
Jar_Jar Binks::I am glad that being gay makes you happy.  Just do you.
3PeatKB24::I am very happy thanks
3PeatKB24::At 3, if u think Griffin is better than Pau that is silly imo. Pau is better all around, so what if he doesnt dunk like Griffin. Dunking now and then in exciting fashion doesnt win Championships!
3PeatKB24::Lakers starters&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Clippers floppers with ease
ustna::at 2 positions...so no
broncosrockiesnuggetsavs7620::me&gt; you
grapenutz78::Clips really feeling themselves tho! Championship??? Really??
phenry529::MAY get in the playoffs? they already clinched and there's a high chance they get home court in the first round...they're also playing really well right now. they've won 12 out of 14, including 2 wins against the thunder in the last 6 days. i don't think they go all the way this year, but it's not crazy to call them a contender either. they've shown they can beat good teams.
I am stellar::From i am better than u lebron; I jut remember so back off daddys jock $@%!$!
I am better then u lebron::No way they MAY get in the playoffs they arent going anywhere
I am stellar::no way clips get the championshiop
angrycali::Clips/Spurs gelling at the right time...one of these teams is finals bound...OKC finally exposed as the fraud they are...
texrcana24::It has nothing to do with me.  I'll tell you I played in college and have experience coaching middle and high school ball.  I'm no better than any other person and don't claim to be.  I'm a season ticket holder and have been to every Thunder home game this year and am not the type of person who can't admit their wrong.  So attack me all you want, it doesn't change the facts.
cp3clipp::ok. texrcana24  I respect you, but please don't trash posters calling them "idiots" just because they/we don't like "Westbrick" (who, by the way, has not a bad PER with 23). But please answer this little question in a sincere fashion: would you rather have CP3 in your OKH team (playing along KD, Harden, Ibaka and Perk) or Westbrook?
I am stellar::fraud??????  best record in the west??????????????????????
cp3clipp::texrcana24 thinks to much about him/her-self:  who are you? a kind of dogmatic school-teacher or just a Westbrick-blind-fan?
texrcana24::Really???  Wow, you are truly ignorant.  The Clips have ZERO playoff experience other than Paul who has done NOTHING in the playoffs.  The Thunder beat the Grizzlies last year with a worse team than this years.  The Spurs could create some issues.  People think because Westbrook isn't a stereotypical "pass first" point guard that he is trash.  All you have to do is look at the numbers and how he effects games.  Everyone needs to learn the game and the way it's played before making idiotic comments that have no merit to them whatsoever.
texrcana24::By your definition of a "true point guard" then Westbrook, Derek Rose, John Wall, Kyrie Irving are all trash.  Your an idiot dude.  I don't care about last year either but people have such knee jerk reactions to one game or even one week of basketball.  The Thunder THIS year have a better head to head record against EVERY team you've mentioned except for the Spurs, they seem to have our number.  We'll have home court advantage against EVERY one of those teams not to mention we have one of the best road records in the league as well.  Your argument carries NO weight whatsoever.
angrycali::Key word last year. Grizz have Gay back and have already rolled into OKC like everyone else is now Clips, etc..and winning...Thunder are fading big time...Westbrook thinks he is the star when he clearly isn't...no where close to a true point guard. Those bricks he puts up kill this team...
texrcana24::The 76ers would be defined as a fraud considering the started the season in 1st place in the East and then after the all star break imploded.  The Thunder have held down the top spot for the entire year in what is turning into a very good Western Conference.  You are thick headed and overreacting to a week's worth of basketball if you think the Thunder is a fraud.
I am stellar::sir u seem to like the word fraud..... The spurs are old and the clippers have no chance and the grizz only have one player and the thunder just beat the grizz a couple of days ago so shut your mouth little buddy
angrycali::Spurs, Clips, Grizz all better then the Thunder...even the Lake Show is coming on....OKC is a fraud...when you have a Westbrook running things you get burned...
cp3clipp::Durant &amp; Harden are no fraud "Westbrick" is !!
cp3clipp::remember Payton-McMillan-Schrempf-Kemp &amp; and old Sam....?!!
cp3clipp::Seattle deserves and needs an NBA team: KeyArena... 95-96....
angrycali::Blazers need to retract just as the Kings should...these teams will never ever win again...
3PeatKB24::Portland taking Bowie of Jordan and Oden over Durant is the biggest BS ever.
angrycali::True....the real fraud is the owner for taking Durant and the Sonics out of Seattle...
3PeatKB24::Clips have 0 chance then again that is Stern's team :)
phenry529::how is it any "funnier" than how the lakers got sessions this year, or how they got pau? fact is, the lakers ALWAYS seem to not only make good moves, but make some ridiculous ones that make you suspicious. there was all kind of talk about stern giving pau to the lakers and garnett to the celtics to revive the lakers celtics rivalry. when a team you don't like suddenly gets better in a situation that seems a little fishy, they become stern's team. believe me, since the pau trade plenty of people have said the lakers are sterns team as well, so don't act like innocent victims when one time it doesnt go your way and say that the clippers are sterns team. the clippers have never had any luck or love from stern before, and now they legally acquire 2 good players and theyre sterns team. let it go.
3PeatKB24::I just find it funny how the Clippers were able to get CP3 and Billups but it is what it is. If Billups doesnt get hurt Clippers would be the #1 seed or have a chance at it is why I think like I think and that seemed like the plan to make it happen. I think the Clippers would be 5 or 6 games better with Billups.
phenry529::they weren't given billups, they got him off the amnesty wire. in order pick up a player who has been amnestied off of waivers, the team has to be under the cap. the clippers were one of the few teams that were under the cap and that wanted billups. they made a fair bid and got him.  fact is, there probably weren't many teams who both were able to get billups(were under the cap) and wanted him. for example, the veteran teams that wanted a point guard(miami, lakers, etc) were all over the cap. and a lot of the teams under the cap(bobcats, etc) are bad, young, or rebuilding and had no use for billups. when it came down to it, the clippers were one of the only(if not THE only) team that put a bid on Billups. so that shouldn't be a problem.  also, people need to stop with the stern wants cp3 on the clippers. i'm not backing stern's decision to block the trade--that was wrong of him. but the fact is, stern didn't block it so he could help the clippers, he blocked it so he could help HIMSELF and the NBA. the clipper trade was MUCH better financially for the hornets, and would thus make the team easier to sell, and would thus help stern and the NBA to sell the hornets. it has nothing to do with the clippers. the lakers had a chance to revise the trade but backed out. only then did the clippers come into the picture.
cp3clipp::Thought about Stern more as a Laker/Kobe-hater than a Clipper-fan... but if you say... He was supposed to be a NOH fan, and instead he gave them Eric No-one Gordon and a bunch of med-low-level players....  Hopefuly NOH rebuilts with the draft this year:  I love the BIG Easy.
3PeatKB24::He wanted CP3 in Clipper land is part A and part B the Clippers still will not make it to the Finals. Even was given Billups as a freebee but he got injured.
cp3clipp::can you explain yourself? didn't understand your "statement"
3PeatKB24::Even if the Lakers face Memphis in Round 1 we will have HCA so we will win so Clippers fans can prop Memphis up all they want - LOL. Clippers would get smoked by Memphis is why they dont want to play them.
phenry529::with homecourt i would say the clips have to be favored in that series.
phenry529::they've actually beaten memphis 2/3 times this year, and matchup well against them
statesman2011::Wait, don't they play in the same building? Easy answer, all of LA must be Laker fans with the Hipsters being Clipper fans?
texrcana24::I fell asleep at halftime, looks like my Thunder did too.
ROMEOx24::This win is great for the Clippers... they did what the Lakers couldnt do, the only problem is that they will not play OKC every game.
mokalus::We all know Russell Westbrook will be the reason the Thunder don't make it to the Finals this year, but you can't help but cheer for Kevin Durant.  Don't forget the guy's only 23 years old... scary.  http://www.gymclassallstars.com/2012/04/standing-ovation-kevin-durant.html
mokalus::2nd or 3rd?  Personally, I'd take CP3, Dwill, Nash, and Tony Parker over Westbrook just off the top of my head.  Athleticism can only take you so far before basketball IQ and shot selection start playing more of a factor.  Where do you rank him?
texrcana24::Yeah and Westbrook is 22 and a two time allstar.  Westbrook has been rated as the 2nd or 3rd best point guard in the league by analyists, coaches, and players alike.  I don't think that is by coincidence.
ArtieSullivan::Looking at both the Lakers and Clippers final 5 games ... its more likely the Clippers will finish 3rd and the Lakers will have to swallow the Grizzlies.
cp3clipp::it's unlikely, although I would be glad if that happens look the Grizzlies schedule: besides Orlando in the last game (already seeded in play-offs at that point), pure low-level teams with nothing to win
ArtieSullivan::Clippers D coming alive ... watch out NBA
BarrelRider04::I've said it all year long, if they can play any kind of consistent defense they are going to be scary good. That is one giant big IF though....
ROMEOx24::LAkers Vs Clippers   Why is it a better team than the Clippers? Bynum and Gasol can rebound better and give them more 2nd shots. Bynum, MWP and Kobe are better defensive players than the starting squad of the Clippers, Gasol's height can bother opposing players and Sessions is a quick PG that can play some good defense when he puts effort into it. Lakers have Gasol and Bynum taking a big load of the shots and shoot at a high %, they also shoot better ft % than the Clippers with Jordan and Griffin.  Kobe has days when he goes 5-20 and other days 13-20, in the playoffs you need to best of 7 you can afford for kobe to have days off and make up for it in other games.  Barnes and McRoberts are good players coming off the bench and even Blake can do good.   Lakers have a better defense and can practically score at will when they go inside. They have two big guys that can rebound when Kobe misses and they get to the ft line and make them at a higher %. Lakers play better defense and dont need to rely on MWP to score just defend like when he stopped CP3. Sessions has been playing some of the best basketball since joining the Lakers and there is no sign of him slowing down.   Rant over.
atrocityx::As a Clippers fan... I tend to agree with all of this.  Playoff basketball does seem to have more emphasis on rebounding and inside play and I think the Lakers are just tougher there....clippers have offense in their starting 5 and defense in their bench players...where Lakers starting big men seem to have both.
3PeatKB24::Lakers are better because of the inside play. As long as the Clippers dont have insane nights shooting 3's if they play they will lose in a series vs the Lakers.
ROMEOx24::"Lakers have a better defense and can practically score at will when they go inside."
Cambry68::OKC just wasn't there last night. I don't know if it was just being on the road or what. I know they have a couple of L.A. guys so maybe that played into it. Westbrook has generally not played well in L.A. against either team. I think the two things that will keep the Thunder from the finals will be Turnovers and 3 point shooting. Durant and Westbrook are both below average shooting the 3 and sometimes fall in love with shooting them. This postseason will definitely be an entertaining one. No one team has really taken ahold of things. Go Thunder!
3PeatKB24::They acted like they didnt want to win. I think they want to stick it to the Lakers by losing twice now to the Clippers, if they win those games the Division race is over.
3PeatKB24::It makes me wonder if this stuff isnt fixed sometimes? OKC, Miami, and the Clippers are the darlings of the league right now imo. If the Lakers do lose I hope Chicago wins it all. I was so happy when Dallas beat Miami last yr.
ROMEOx24::"
BarrelRider04::I will be absolutely amazed if the Clips can finish above .500 on the road. To me, that will be the biggest accomplishment for them maybe ever! They haven't done it since coming to L.A.!!
rich3960::Congrats on making the playoffs.Personally I would like to see them Win the West, But the reality is they have been one of the worst run franchises in American sports.
rich3960::I think Your comment should read "Can't believe the clips are being mentioned in the same sentence as playoffs That is the biggest accomplishment for them maybe ever!!
BarrelRider04::No, actually not really guy. We were seconds from the WCF in 2006 until Dunleavy made one of the worst substitutions of all time and then Raja Bell hit a three on us. We lose that game and then lose game 5 and Suns move on to WCF. We had a very good team that year. Elton Brand was the MAN!! Definitely above .500 on the road is a bigger accomplishment.
pistonfanstill::Hey its great talking to a true NBA fans even if we disagree.  If you are an OK fan good luck.  I will not lose any money or sleep if they do win the championship but I dont believe they are ready.  Good sharing view with you.
3PeatKB24::Everyone has been picking OKC and Miami all yr and the league has loved the Clippers all yr. 3 teams I am sick of quite frankly and 3 teams that have never won jack either. Miami got a Title in 06 (OK) but with clear REF help against the Mavs and Miami loses to the Mavs with 2 top 5 players and 3 top 15 players with a better team than 06 because the REFS were fair.
3PeatKB24::Not bitter at all but those 3 teams are talked about 24/7 and teams like the Bulls, Lakers and Spurs are better even Memphis is better.
2010TL::You sound bitter...
Timmys_ERA_is_high::And finally, Clips made the playoffs...what time is the ticker tape parade?
3PeatKB24::They are going to lose in Round 1 if they face Memphis so why should they bother?
ArtieSullivan::Lakers will play Memphis - their easily losing at least 2 games with schedule they face - clippers plan to win out Good luck in Memphis
Timmys_ERA_is_high::How does Karen Butler see the basket when one eye points one direction and the other eye is looking up and to the right all the time?
grapenutz78::Look at the bracket OKC is better off with the two seed
3PeatKB24::This game right here is one reason why OKC wont win it all. They let the Clippers punk them twice in a row. Clippers are ok but dont have near the talent that OKC has. Lakers and Spurs will be in WCFinal watch and see if seeding allows it?
12_21_2012::also Lakers 39-22 &gt; Clippers 38-23  Looks like the Lakers win again.  Don't be Mad atleast the Toe nail Clippers will finally make the playoffs but unfortunately they will be a 1st rd out.
Timmys_ERA_is_high::Sessions &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Cheeseburger Paul Lakers bench &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Clippers bench Brown &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Del Negro
_misterfurious::Only someone with brain damage would think Sessions is better than Chris Paul.   And the Clippers bench is far superior to the Lakers bench - not even close.
cp3clipp::Paul&gt;Sessions Kobe&gt;Foye Butler&gt; or even Metta/Barnes Griffin&gt;or even SoftPau Bynum&gt;DJordan so... quite even... but Clippers are just 1 me d playing for the first year together... imagine in a year or two!!!
cp3clipp::at least 2 or 3 of clipps bench can easily start in NBA med-low level teams: Mo certainly, Young did a month a go, Bledsoe maybe next year, and even perhaps Foye
cp3clipp::can you really compare that bench with:  Bledsoe MoWilliams Foye (with Billpus healthy) K.Mart Young R Evans
Lakermagicshowtime::In a year or 2 Paul and Griffing will be gone and more talented?the Lakers have beat that overrated team twice after all the big talk.
cp3clipp::what Lakers bench? they have one? a well yes,  Eyenga McRoberts  Hill Murphy Ebanks Blake Goudelock... all very good players.... in D-League
ustna::cp3clipp - Paul&gt;Sessions Kobe&gt;Foye Butler&gt; or even Metta/Barnes Griffin&gt;or even SoftPau Bynum&gt;DJordan so... quite even... but Clippers are just 1 me d playing for the first year together... imagine in a year or two!!! ----------------------------------------------------------------- Go down the bench...  The Clippers torch them.
3PeatKB24::I disagree that Griffin is better than Pau, if anything it's even. I would rather have Pau personally, he's better all around
ustna::LMAO...Are you saying that the Lakers have more overall talent than the Clippers???
crondito::I was talking to 12-21-2012
_misterfurious::CP3 and Sessions are PG Kobe and Foye are SG Butler and World Peace are SF Griffin and Pau are PF Bynum and Jordan are C  What are you saying?
crondito::none of those guys play the same position as the guy you compared them to.  That pretty much invalidates your opinion right there if you don't know what position people play.
cp3clipp::CP3&gt;Sessions  Kobe&gt;Foye  Butler&gt; or even Metta/Barnes  Griffin&gt;or even SoftPau  Bynum&gt;DJordan  so...  quite even... but Clippers are just 1 game behind, playing for the first year together... imagine in a year or two!!!
ustna::So in other words, you already know the answer but are unwilling to admit it. Fair enough...
12_21_2012::what does position have to do with talent?  Lakers top 3 players &gt; Clippers top 3 players therefore lakers are more talented.  Guess you don't watch Basketball
ustna::yes you should and break it out by position. PLEASE continue.....
ustna::lol
12_21_2012::Lakers by far have better talent than the toe nail clippers  Kobe &gt; Paul Bynum &gt; Griffin gasoft &gt; Jordan  should I continue
3PeatKB24::Lakers are a better team compared to the Clippers. It's because of Bynum and Pau inside. Playoff basketball is about Rebounding and D and the Lakers have 2 great 7 footers + we just beat you guys last week.
the Orlando Calrissians::the Clippers arent better than the Orlando Calrissians
Barry Bonds of Men Softball::CP3 should in the 2nd runner up on the MVP voting
cp3clipp::right now 1 James 2 Paul 3. Durant 4. Bryant if CP3 had reached the 20/10 (points/assists) he would be MVP by far... missed just by a few points and 1 assist....!!!
_misterfurious::I would vote 1. Lebron 2. Durant 3. Paul
cp3clipp::CP3  = franchise changer = 2nd in PER (behind James) = 3rd in Value and Wins (behind James. Durant) = 1st in Steals  = 3rd Assists (behind Rondo and Nash) = best TO ratio among top players
_misterfurious::Not Kobe. I cannot stand when people say Kobe has been carrying the Lakers - totally untrue. If anything, his gunning has cost them games this season.
_misterfurious::He does lead the league in scoring and they do need him to win - no argument there. But honestly, as much as he has shot the ball, he SHOULD lead the league in scoring. He has way more shot attempts than anyone else per game - and his FG% for a MVP candidate is very bad.   And I don't like it when it's painted like he has no help - he has Bynum and Gasol - those are two all-star level 7 footers who are both skilled and who both can command double teams - he has plenty of help.
3PeatKB24::Because we have won 4 measily games in a row? Come on. Kobe leads the league in scoring and eveyone knows without him the Lakers have 0 chance of winning it all.
3PeatKB24::CP3 is great but Durant, LeBron, and Kobe deserve MVP more, jmo, I would put CP3 4th.
pistonfanstill::They did not just lose to the Clippers they got blown out by a team effort and Westbrook aint ready for Primetime.  Its Statement time in the Regular season and OK made none with a potential Playoff opponent.  Plus as a PG you bring your A-game when you see another Elite PG on the schedule and the Playoffs are looming.
