GRAVE SITE SERVICE::The Wizards need to get it together. I don't care if they have a 30 point lead, you still know that they can lose! 1st, someone other than Bradley Beal is going to have to make shots from the perimeter. 2nd, Wall, one game he's hot, the next he's not. He's now an 80 million dollar man and he needs to play accordingly. 3rd, I think it's time for a new coach. Someone needs to light a fire in this ball club. There is no way with the talent that they have that they are 2-7. Ridiculous!!!!!!! Sincerely, Wizards Fan
Shane F::cleveland has to start bynum if they want to start competing. They can't wait for his bum knee to heal. Varejao and thompson are good but they need a clogger in the middle. he heeds to start playing 25 to 30 minutes a game and if his knees go out so be it. He has had a whole year to heal time to see what he can do. Cleveland 3-7 now they got nothing to lose starting him and giving him a ton of minutes.
Commenter::Dellavedova played excellent defense and disrupted Washington's offensive flow. Mike Brown rewarded him by letting him play the second  half and overtime and it paid off. Go Matt!
James::End of the first quarter, cavs down by 7...that closed door team meeting has really paid off!! This team is already in such dissaray. So much for competing, so much hype coming into this season...I'm sure Lebron will want to come back to this....this is the main reason he left. Not sure I can actually blame him anymore. It was very upsetting back then, but what has transpired over the past few years to lure him back? This is like "Groundhog Day" with this team. Could actually see Kyrie bolting as well. Pathetic. And, don't give me the #$%$ about bringing Anthony Bennett along slowly...an overall #1 selection should be producing, not riding the bench or tossing bricks!
Larry S::No team will ever be successful in the long term when the point guard takes more shots than anyone.  Iverson had one fortunate year.  Irving better learn this lesson. The coach has to get him under control.
crystal::Wizards need to step up the A game and play the game like they want to win.
Jeff::All you need to get Earl going is to give him a whiff of the bench.
BossMan::Nothing spells relief like playing the wiz-kids...
Mj Oskar::Looking like Wash made another mistake in their contract extensions. Wall shows no improvement. Still can,t shoot ,and has no presence in a close game.
Mj Oskar::A blueprint for K Irving. (1) Don't sign an extention. (2) Become friendly with A Davis, and make sure everyone knows how much you admire his game. The rest is fairly obvious. Hey NO is a fun town.
