4TouchdownsPolkHigh::Anybody else see Noah tell Rondo "Stop delaying the game...fu.ckin pus.sy" Or something along those lines.
_TheSixthHeatle_::I thought he said: "Mops are decaying my mane...tuck it and push me"
IlliniDave68::No. He said "_TheSixthHeatle_ is a putz".
fairandbalanced00::WOW, congratulatons, what a reaction for beating a decent team in over a month, it's been a while since the last time you beat an ok team at home. What an accomplishment!!
IlliniDave68::HATE = FEAR
Detmar08::Idiot. Bulls still have the best record in the East without the MVP and Rip playing. Just wait till everyone is healthy. It truly shows how scared Heat fans are of the Bulls because alls they do is talk sh*t about our team.
diabolic0330::With out two starters against one of the best D. I think that's pretty good.
young and stupid::Its been a long time since I've seen Boozer actually look interested in playing hard the whole game and on both ends!
klutz57::Boozer the snoozer... Yawn!  He's definitively, by far,  the weakest link on this team. If he ever has a big all around game, which includes playing defense, against the Heat, wake me up... His play frustrates and bores me... Go Bulls!
Gogoberrymix6::I'm excited for the future of the Bulls.  Who knows, we might win a playoff series this year!!!  Last night was a great building block
53Kevin::I don't kno whether to take this guy's word as a set up for sum snipped idiot comment later to come,In the mean time my guard is up.GO $@%! OFF GOGOBERRY IF UR THAT SAME DAMN HEAT TROLL THAT WAS TALKING $@%! ABOUT THE BULLS JUST A FEW DAYS AGO!!!!!!
IlliniDave68::He's the same one. Don't you recognize the smarmy, back-handed 'compliment' in this troll's post for what it is?
4TouchdownsPolkHigh::YES! An even worse picture.
IlliniDave68::Gimp.
yardog59::They won one last year. If you're going to troll, at least do some research. We you happy for the Heat last year?? All they did was lose better than the Bulls, then cried about it.
IlliniDave68::What?!! Miami Heat bandwagon-riders do actual RESEARCH, you say?!!
diabolic0330::Nice new pic lol
IlliniDave68::This -  http://fansided.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/07/rickygimp-copy.jpg  is what Gogoberrymix6 REALLY looks like.
Goku Muffin Button::lol JR Smith put the Bulls on his list  but realized he would have to play D and not chuck shots........so he went to the Knicks......
Detmar08::haha! The Lin Dynasty is about to be crushed by Smith
RyanCarranza::My thoughts exactly!
diabolic0330::Man I really can't wait til everyone comes back healthy! Gonna be some great Basketball.
dan gilberts number one puppet::bulls are better without rose
RyanCarranza::Not... They are not
Goku Muffin Button::no you.
jonboy333::Can the people of Boston finally acknowledge its time to move KG, Allen and or PP?  They should have been dealt before the season started.  They seem to be hurting the value with every game the play.
mark35345::Boston used to win games like this. It's so sad to see them age.
jonboy333::We all knew the game 7 loss in LA was the end of the road for this team.
diabolic0330::At least they got a ring to show for it.
RunTheBall22::What the in the world is goin on with Rip? is it still his groin? I hope dude plays at least a month before the playoffs so he can get some time with this offense.
Detmar08::His Gma passed and the groin is still acting up. Thibs has said Rip will not play until he is 100% healthy and free from pain.
diabolic0330::He left for personal reasons this last time. He should be back after the ASB.
GeX.::his grandmother passed away
diabolic0330::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uriXFGPx_3A
RunTheBall22::you see Deng talking to those kids and then hit the three?  LOL, that was great
GeX.::<b>Rambomonster you are a moron.  We've said already that Joakim has improved WITH Rose on the court since the 1st half of the season thus far.  here is the proof, starting from 1/23:  http://espn.go.com/nba/player/gamelog/_/id/3224/joakim-noah</b>  nobody is calling him a 17 and 10 guy, but a 13 and 11 guy most definitely.
Rambomonster9::great.  My main point is that with a player out those points dont dissapear, other guys fill the void.
diabolic0330::I'm dumbfounded by this level of stupidity. His roids have f*cked up his brain already.
GeX.::Your point was joakim noah hasn't improved.  I have presented you with clear evidence that he has.  Now is when you say, "You're right.  I take back what I said."
diabolic0330::THAT'S WITH ROSE HEALTHY AND ROSE PLAYING LIKE HIMSELF
Rambomonster9::OK, i guess Noah is a 17 and 10 guy.  i give up.  We will see.  I say his numbers will end up the same as last year while you guys think his offense suddenly arrived and is not a "SCORER"
diabolic0330::You know you're dumb when even a Heat fan is defending the Bulls
GeX.::im just tired of people saying false things to make a point... it's like when people lie to win an argument... makes no sense
dabulls2012::do you remember what his numbers were early last season WITH Derrick in the lineup BEFORE he got hurt?
dabulls2012::yep!
robrenaldi::yep 14 and 12 and he would have been an allstar. That's the guy we're starting to see again
GeX.::nobody has said he's a 17 and 10 guy YOU HAVE BEEN SAYING THAT
RunTheBall22::Can we start a boozer fan club yet?  lol
diabolic0330::There will NEVER be one.
RunTheBall22::all the more reason to start one. somebody has got to support the Booz. lol
Lomax66::Not when Boozers kids root for the Heat at a Bulls game.
dabulls2012::27 assists on 30 baskets??? Holy cow...now THAT is ball movement guys!
robrenaldi::Yeah its really fun to watch when we're moving the ball like that. I've noticed that D-Rose has gotten really good about balancing his scoring and distributing, he's gotten really good at playing within the team concept and taking over when necessary
diabolic0330::#1 in assists :)
diabolic0330::The.............Wizards?
Lomax66::And no. 1 in offense is who?
Rambomonster9::Bulls Fan ideology:  When Jordan was on the bulls they averaged 100ppg.  he got hurt and missed 4 games and they averaged 70ppg.  "wow they really could have used Jordans 30".  this is not real but a sample of how stupid you clowns are.  it doesnt work like that
young and stupid::Dad, is that you?
GeX.::wow just keep ignoring everything we've said to dispute you.  good job.  stop being a pu.ssy and answer my posts
RunTheBall22::his stupidity is amazing.
robrenaldi::stop liking your own posts flamer
diabolic0330::*Roider
diabolic0330::Almost forgot.....HAPPY BIRTHDAY MJ!!!!!!!!!!
Rambomonster9::Ok, if Noah is NOT scoring more because of Rose's absence then who is taking his attempts while he is gone.  do they go from 95ppg as a team to 73ppg without him??? NO!  someone HAS to take more shots and i say that each starter and bench players are spreading those extra shots.  when rose returns their attempts will go back to NORMAL. :)
robrenaldi::Yeah and the shots really aren't being spread out. If you watched bulls games you would know that CJ and JL3 are launching about 25 shots per game combined
robrenaldi::yeah that for sure
diabolic0330::And not even making half lol
diabolic0330::He said it himself he was playing like sh*t. The past few weeks he's been a lot better.
RunTheBall22::how do you not get it? all were sayin is he has got better on offensive and is still getting better. he has improved, that is it. moron
GeX.::dude NOBODY is saying that he's not scoring more because rose is gone.  get that out of your thick head.  we're saying that since the 1st 15 games he has gotten a LOT better.  <b>even when rose is playing.</b>  http://espn.go.com/nba/player/gamelog/_/id/3224/joakim-noah
mikedogg08::good day to all my bulls fans and to most logical celts fans... to all others, get a life
Lomax66::IlliniDouche68----- jealous  It's too bad there are morons like you in here that prevent real discussions. To the few that actually see the realistic game,.. it's fun to read. But IlliniDouche68 ,.. you are just a natural troll hiding behind your lack of knowledge. But I applaud your honest showing of jealousy. I'll bet you even wear a Lebron jersey when you are home.
IlliniDave68::I'd use LeBron's jersey to wipe my a.ss.  That'd be about it, nimrod.
IlliniDave68::Which reminds me. Did that t.ard Lomax66 finally leave?
IlliniDave68::LOL! Sounds about right.
diabolic0330::I think it's his circle jerk time with Roidy, GOGO, Oxfordian, and Heatster,
mikedogg08::why is a laker fan here to talk smack?? its that bad over there?? just switch to lob city, they have potential....
RunTheBall22::yeah they got a good team over there.
Rambomonster9::do you all really think Noah is a 17 and 10 guy from now on?  after years of 10 and 10??? lol, rooks
RyanCarranza::Noah has stepped up... Why is that such an issue with you?  I think he can be a 14/15 guy with 12 boards a night... He can manage that nicely
robrenaldi::No, but I do think he is a 14 and 12 guy like he was last year before he got hurt
RunTheBall22::dude the point is that his offensive game has gotten better. god your dumb
RyanCarranza::Why can't he be?  Did you ever think Luol Deng would be a first time all star in his 8th season in the league?
Rambomonster9::Lets see if he is 17 and 10 be seasons end.  lets see...........
GeX.::Nobody is saying that.  merely that he's better than the 8 and 8 he was putting up at the start of the season.  look at his first half of the season vs 2nd half: http://espn.go.com/nba/player/gamelog/_/id/3224/joakim-noah  i think he can be a 13 and 10+ guy for sure.
GeX.::rambo look at 1/23 and beyond and tell me he hasn't clearly improved.
yardog59::Bulls &gt; Heat &gt; Everyone Else.
Rambomonster9::About Noah.  You fools will see that when rose comes back Noahs wont average 17 ppg, it will go back down to 10.  he did not magically get better.  every bulls starter has better ppg now withour rose because there are more shots for other guys. simple math. obviously better with rose but without him you dont just score 22 points less per game as a team, other guys step up
robrenaldi::Okay apparantly you don't understand this. When you make more shots, your ppg average goes up, when you miss more, it goes down. Right Now Noah is shooting over 60% in his last 15 games, you understand now sweetie?
GeX.::joakim has already gotten better WITH rose on the court since he signed his contract, so your point is moot.
RunTheBall22::your telling me that his offensive game has not improved? C'mon man get real
diabolic0330::Not all Bulls fans live in Chicago. Your point is also moot.
Rambomonster9::it improved that much in the past 2 weeks?  lol, wow.  amazing, are there schools in Chicago?
RyanCarranza::It's not simple math even it has yet to happen... Noah has been playing better. Simple as that
Rambomonster9::so when Rose come back and Noah goes back to 10 &amp; 10 (which is still great) you will say wow, that Rambo bad "A" was on to something.  what a smart man.
Detmar08::I bet the girls enjoy your shriveled up sack from all those roids. This guy is the definition of tool/clown/dbag
diabolic0330::Okay.....we all know that. Rose can score, so what's the deal?
diabolic0330::I'd take his scoring over Noah anyway.
RunTheBall22::Wheres the moron that thinks Noah is not getting better.  you just got a time out for bein stupid buddy. 15 min time out Mr.
diabolic0330::It's Mr Roid Rage down below.
RyanCarranza::Obviously taking a toll on his mental capabilities
Rambomonster9::About Noahs sudden stat increase:.  im not saying anything negative about rose.  When a star player goes down with any team other guys have more shot attempts.  I was responding to the idiot bull fan who thought noah suddenly got better.  he is not better, just scoring more because all guys are taking extra shots
lanthony5::Im more concern with Ronnie not doing much of anything lately
RyanCarranza::ME TOO!!!! Where did he go!?
lanthony5::Noah has gotten better period He's blocking more shots and working the boards harder and being smarter with his fouls
RyanCarranza::Once again... Below... You called him overrated.  You literally said that.  Then you went on to say he is a top 5 player n the league.  Explain to me why anyone should take anything you say seriously, at all...
RyanCarranza::And if the Bulls are playoff probables without Derrick and title contenders with him... Where does the Overrated part come in?
robrenaldi::He's not taking more shots though, he's just making more of them. after 15 games he was shooting .418, now after 30 he's shooting .507
GeX.::his rebounding is much better...
BostonSportsRule2012::This story is about the Bulls. They have a chance at getting to the Finals, the Celtics will be watching the playoffs from home.
RunTheBall22::So how about they get rid of JL3 and sign MJ
diabolic0330::I said it awhile ago. MJ is the better passer and has moves like Rose, JLIII tries to be like Rose, but he can never do any of his moves.
GeX.::that would be pretty cold-blooded
robrenaldi::Sounds good to me JL3 is a 5-9 shooting guard, never met a shot he didn't like
Saints8365::You have two kids and your on an Espn board? Sounds like a Good Father
mikedogg08::me personally i have 3 kids.... so you m;ust be talkin to someone else....
mikedogg08::you said you were... stay classy, or look up the word CLASS, not just a college course
Saints8365::Didnt I just say I wasn't talking about you? Why would I bring children in the matter?
mikedogg08::i figured, but i was just cotradicting... but hey, talk about my kids, they are mentally tough to handle it, but you talkin about my kids, shows your class..... or lack there of
Saints8365::I am lol
GeX.::could be at work putting food on the table
mikedogg08::food is on my table, do you have trouble with that?? i know a food bank, that can help you... me and my kids volunteer there to help people that need it....
GeX.::what do you guys think of noah's wild west gunslinger move?
robrenaldi::That's just Jo's personality though, I'd hate it if I was a fan of the other team, but hes a passionate player
dabulls2012::I guess I'm more old school...pretend like you've been there before...
RyanCarranza::"It gets the people going!!"
RunTheBall22::LOVE IT!!! because it's funny as hell
dabulls2012::Ya, but the people could include your opponent...
GeX.::hahaha i kinda like it.  he needs to shorten it a bit though
dabulls2012::Luckily he only hits 1 or 2 jumpers in a game so we don't have to see it much...
diabolic0330::Personally, dumb as hell.
robrenaldi::Pretty ridiculous, but funny
dabulls2012::NOT a big fan...
dabulls2012::Can someone PLEASE show Joakim how to grab a friggin' rebound and throw it down for a dunk instead of those stupid tips??? The Bulls should have won this by 20+ if he had made even some of those...finished shooting 5-for-15 with at least 6 missed tips.
--.Bullster.--::you want to complain about throw downs at least include boozer and asik. boozer can't dunk even when he is by himself and asik isn't strong enough to dunk in traffic.
RyanCarranza::I agree!
diabolic0330::Yeah I didn't like his 1st half, but he played an overall better 2nd.
Rambomonster9::Noah 17 &amp; 10 without rose and 10 &amp; 10 with him.  it makes total sense, extra shots to go around
robrenaldi::It could also have to do with the fact that he's shooting 60% in his last 15 games vs. 41% in his first 15
RunTheBall22::Noah is just getting better at the rim buddy . they been trying to get him to score like this for a long time, he is finally staring to get it
RyanCarranza::Spot on!
RyanCarranza::Rose avgs 17 shots per game this season... Rose avgs 8 assists per game this season.  Rose avgs 22 points per game this season... Do not talk about sense, you know nothing of it
Rambomonster9::overrated that the bulls are still winning.  they have a great playoff team without him. and a title contender with him.  its not just one guy you rose nut huggers
RyanCarranza::You called him overrated below, but the proceed to say he is a top 5 player... Which is why you make no sense.
Rambomonster9::Wow i have never seen anyone as defensive as bulls fans.  they like rose more than the Bulls.  im not saying anything negative about rose.  When a star player goes down with any team other guys have more shot attempts.  I was responding to the idiot bull fan who thought noah suddenly got better.  he is not better, just scoring more because all guys are taking extra shots
mikedogg08::a saints and lakers fan??? you sound like a winner
mikedogg08::no it wasnt, you goon... magic were not gonna take JUST bynum for howard or it would have been done... moron....
mikedogg08::you have been trollin;g or else i wouldnt have said anything.... you got it?? win a ring without sterns help, then talk to me.... enjoy retirement
Saints8365::We need sumbody to run the floor and getting cp3 was gonna help to get Howard so you shhh moron
mikedogg08::pau gasol... whos the idiot? that won you a ring, two even, now shhhhhhhhhhhh
Saints8365::How?? That other guy started with me. I was just laughing and making jokes. and Now its Stern? Didn't he block our trade so how is he helping us kid? such an idiot
Saints8365::lol see I was trying not to troll but when yall actually when a Championship without Jordan. Then you can come at me, until then enjoy the game  :)
RunTheBall22::Noah is becoming the Center we all thought he could be, Deng has gotten so much better with that 3 point shot and Rose is Rose. thats our big three for many years to come. Just build around those guys and were good. Don't need Howard even a little bit
Playing2wintheGame::Noah said a couple weeks ago that he tried to hard to live up to his contract. He has settled down and we are seeing the real Noah
Rambomonster9::Noah is only getting more points because of the 20 extra shots attempts to spread around while rose is hurt.  when rose comes back he will be 10 and 10 again.
RyanCarranza::Top 5 player who is overrated... first time for everything i guess
diabolic0330::So by calling him overrated and then a top 5 player means what? You're a dumba.ss?
Rambomonster9::Rose is clearly a top 5 player on earth.  im not dogging him at all.  just saying that other guys will have a few extra shots.
RyanCarranza::8 assits per game... such a ball hog, right?
RunTheBall22::Yeah because Rose just makes everyone worse, why is he even a starter? shut up moron
mikedogg08::take howard for deng, taj and noah in a heartbeat
diabolic0330::Nah dude. SG is the only position we should trade for. I do like Howard's 20 20, but we need a SG bad.
Playing2wintheGame::ludicrus
Rambomonster9::Rose overrated.
RyanCarranza::Yeah 2000 Points scored and 600 assits in a single season is totally overrated.  22 pts scored avg per game and 8 assists per game avg.... Bulls are 25 and 7... Totally!!  So overrated.  Anything else?
diabolic0330::You look 12 and I bet your pee pee is small.
robrenaldi::Yeah judging by your pictures, you need to lay off the juice son, i can tell by your post it's affecting your thinking
diabolic0330::Roids are overrated.
Moto Jones::Now the knicks have Jr smith they will run the wacc a.ss bulls out he playoffs  Bulls - Cavs with lebron 2.0
RunTheBall22::yeah because JR smith makes every team he was on better. LOL
Playing2wintheGame::Heat wont win anything. LeBron already gave up on his team by saying he wouldnt mind going back to cleveland.
Saints8365::This just HA-larious
diabolic0330::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YxHl9JYm-IM
mikedogg08::a lakers fan should be pissed, lets be honest... mike brown made you into old lakers with kobe jackin up shots... i'd be pissed.... brian shaw would have kept you guys competitive better....
Saints8365::Yea mike brown was a very bad decision but no complaints.
RyanCarranza::"Rose... over Gasol... for the lead... GOT IT!!!"   I laughed at the Lakers then too.
Lomax66::What about xmas day
Lomax66::Celtics easily more of the best Dynasty over Bulls
RacistRandy::UCLA of the Wooden years was a greater dynasty then the 90s bulls
mikedogg08::sure... can you?
RyanCarranza::Christmas day, Lomax.... Ring a bell?
Saints8365::Yea  but can you win is the question? Then you can come at me
RyanCarranza::So what... That's not happening right now.  Pride yourself on the past all you want, but right now is what matters.  Talk to me when you grow up
Lomax66::WTF are you smoking?
diabolic0330::Bulls will still have the most dominating Dynasty of all sports.
mikedogg08::we are not talkin past.... past is for losers... NOW we are better and you know it...
Saints8365::Dude stop trying to argue with me. Seriously Lakers have like 2 times as many rings as bulls so chill kiddo
mikedogg08::i hate it when heat "fans" say they know what it takes to win a championship... they have ONE in their whole existence and lets be honest, even heat fans know wade shot so many free throws and won that series cause stern hates mark cuban.... thats a fact
Saints8365::hahahahhahahaha
mikedogg08::hated* mark cuban
mikedogg08::thank you...
Lomax66::You are incredibly strategic and far beyond knowledge when it comes to your basketball skill set of the game and statistics.
Moto Jones::LULZ  "We blew games to the heat last year in the playoffs.We only lost by 4 without deng"  Excuses Excuses  WIN A MEANINGFUL game or series vs the heat and stop mentioning woulda,coulda,shoulda scenarios  YOU LOST You have a 5 game losing streak vs miami  You havent beat the pacers you havent beat the sixers and now the knicks are better than the bulls  Bulls = fools gold
DCOVEY8434::Lebron is fools gold...He looked like the most dominating player on the planet against the Bulls, and folded like a cheap suit against the Mavs.
diabolic0330::Suits fold?
RyanCarranza::Bulls beat the Knicks... Bulls beat the Lakers... Bulls beat the Celtics... Bulls play each one of those teams you mentioned 2 or 3 more times.   So this is far from over.    The Heat lost to MILWAUKEE TWICE!! Bulls beat Milwaukee twice... Going by your logic... Bulls are better than the Heat
RyanCarranza::Choking?  25 and 7...
Saints8365::were old and your choking.
RyanCarranza::And the Bulls lost to the Heat... Yet still beat Milwaukee twice.  Yet still have a better record than the Heat right now
Lomax66::Someone left out Bulls lose to Heat
RyanCarranza::Congrats... Stay relevant to what's happening now.
Saints8365::We have more rings sir. :)
mikedogg08::im sure that one guy comes in here to hate on a team; cause he knows that they cant win?? surrrrre.. your fear shows
diabolic0330::"I'm a Bulls fan, but."
RaidersCelticsRedsox::come playoff time c's will still show the knicks who their daddy is...everyone here is annoying..wait till the playoffs and and its do or die 7 game series....clowns. (for all the people trolling about the knicks...)
mikedogg08::only one that fears the knicks are well, knicks fans, cause they know that melo will kill linsanity
diabolic0330::Watch Melo sit on the bench lol. I was watching ESPN a few days ago and they said ticket sales went up 60%.
RyanCarranza::Thanks for setting us straight... Don't mind the sarcasm
Moto Jones::*Sigh* I'm a Bulls fan, but I feel you guys are overrating this group of core players. The difference between Dallas and Chicago is The Mavericks have more than one person who could score and/or create offense.  Go back to the Heat series. Whenever the Bulls tried a pick and roll, the Heat didn't bother guarding the one setting the pick. They focused on Rose. Since LeBron was guarding Rose, How come Luol Deng could not make Miami pay for the cross matchup? If you have a chance to get a once in every 15 year player, you have to go for it. They'd be fools to not try.  Just because the Bulls won 62 games last year is fool's gold. As presently constituted, this Bulls team cannot beat Miami. Simply adding a shooting guard is not enough. That shooting guard must be able to create offense as well and not too many of those are walking around.
mikedogg08::dont forget we lost our second best perimeter defender in brewer and lost our back up center, but heat "fans" wouldnt know how that matters, since they are 2 deep
Moto Jones::How did it feel last year to win 62 games and watch your team struggle and play like trash in the playoffs(when it mattered most)??  Same thing will happen this year  Watch
mikedogg08::ECF is trash?? LOL... keep hating, that shows that you arent scared at all..LOL
diabolic0330::How did it feel to get embarrassed by the Mavs? Not 1, not 2, not 3, but 4 times.
korenbergj::kind of like the Heat in the Finals?
sportspotpourri::Funny, all his other posts are about how Chicago did and will lose to the Heat and how Bulls fans are delusional. And no Bulls fan asks for Monta Ellis.
diabolic0330::Potpourri.....that sh*t f*cked me bad lol.
IlliniDave68::No. YOU are a FRAUD, sir.
Moto Jones::Bulls fans are lame as fucc  Thats exactly why its been 14 years since a title If it wasnt for Jordan the bulls would be the raptors  Lames dont want to ruin the chemistry or give away dengs garabge a.ss for a PLaymaker  I cant wait til the playoffs Im gonna laugh when they get exposed again  Rose will blame himself again
mikedogg08::heat "fans"... ONE TITLE IN THEIR WHOLE EXISTENCE.... so you kind of sound funny when you KNOW what a champ team NEEDS..... jus sayin...
diabolic0330::Told u...hahaha
RyanCarranza::Why are we lame?  Because...??  Our Bulls have a great chance of winning this year?
IlliniDave68::^True colors, now.
Saints8365::Now bulls have Lots of problems but Rose isn't one. Leave him out
robrenaldi::IF Rip can stay healthy, he adds alot to our team. When you had Bogans and Brewer in the game, the Heat would just leave them wide open to pack the lane against D-Rose. Rip has an excellent mid range game and can knock down that corner 3. At the very least you have to play him honest or he's going to hurt you. This bulls team is MUCH improved from last year even tho we still only have 1 superstar. It's going to be an uphill battle, but don't write them off against the Heat. Its going to be a very tough series for both teams.
diabolic0330::He rarely uses his mid-range game anyway. He needs to though.
mikedogg08::he is NOT a bulls fan and remember, we did NOT have  a SG on our team last year..... that MATTERS..... sorry.... you are just lookin for ways, not convincing me, sorry.....the bulls BLEW games last year vs the heat, look at the games... rip gives us veteran leadership and a guy who can score.... not the same team..... at all
diabolic0330::It was sarcasm lol. But he did play D really well.
RyanCarranza::I don't ... Good defender, but that's it.
diabolic0330::What about Bogans 4ppg? Man I really miss those...
RyanCarranza::You are the only one talking about last year as if our group of players haven't improved or something.   Rip will spread the floor when he comes back and will only draw defenders to him because he can shoot.  Derrick, Luol and Boozer can score... This is a rejuvenated team when they are back.
robrenaldi::OK debbie downer, why don't you just stop watching basketball if you don't believe in your own team.
diabolic0330::Whenever someone says "I'm a Bulls fan, but" almost 90% of the time, they're not. I do agree they need that one other to create his own shots. I guess we all have to wait til Rip comes back.
RyanCarranza::Couldn't agree more...
diabolic0330::Nice to see the Bulls on the front page of ESPN. Thank god it wasn't Lin...
robrenaldi::Dude 5x in a row you've been cruising for hookers only to find out later their tranny's, tough luck
Lomax66::5 in a row
Saints8365::Lin-Sanity
robrenaldi::The only things certain in this world are death, taxes and most miami fans being flamers
Saints8365::Aye you started hahahaha
Lomax66::Dude, you going to sit here and say that Bulls fans do not sit here talking crap and certainty? Get real.
RyanCarranza::Go troll elsewhere Mr. Lomax
RyanCarranza::The story is still playing out... I'm not saying the Bulls are gonna win it all.  I am saying they have a real good chance/best chance to take out the Heat.  You are the one preaching certainty.
Lomax66::Excuses again
Saints8365::Yea because yall are crazy if you think rip is gonna lead you to a Championship kid. Well hes not. Your gonna rely on ROSE AGAIN and he can't do mit by himself. End of story
RyanCarranza::Your Lakers got taken out by Lin... by a double digit margin.  Bulls lost to Miami at home, without Rip and Deng.  See the difference.  Are you even serious right now?
Lomax66::5 in a row,... and counting
RyanCarranza::What excuse Mr Lomax?  Bulls are 25 and 7... only playing their true starting line up in 5 games.  Who is complaining?  You are... Bulls fans are not
Saints8365::Yea I do. Lets compare
diabolic0330::No, Heat beat us fair, but i'm just giving you the facts.
Lomax66::Always an excuse
RyanCarranza::Hahaha... You want to compare?  Seriously...
diabolic0330::I wouldn't say beating a team with 2 injured starters out, at their own place by 4 is destroying.
Saints8365::So? Like Miami did yall?
RyanCarranza::Destroyed your Lakers...
Saints8365::Jordan should be a Coach.
DCOVEY8434::That bricklayer from UCONN is working well for him!
diabolic0330::I think he'd be a good coach. I coached players while he played just like what Scal is doing right now.
Jamie5731::He would suck as much as he do as an owner
Saints8365::No because he actually teaching basketball. Something he did really well.
sportspotpourri::He should hire a GM is what he should do.
robrenaldi::He's got one, but apparantly he never listens. Its amazing that a guy with that much talent for basketball has such a poor eye for it in prospects
Saints8365::LoL
IlliniDave68::HATE=FEAR  That's why Bojangles (aka Lomax66) and his crew of Miami Heat bandwagon cretins are in here trolling so hard.
Lomax66::IlliniDouche68----- jealous
Lomax66::IlliniDouche68----- jealous
IlliniDave68::LOL! Just like LeBron, you've got NOTHIN'!
Lomax66::IlliniDouche68----- jealous
IlliniDave68::The fact that you have no valid comeback only proves I own you.
Lomax66::IlliniDouche68----- jealous  5 in a row. You'll never own me little child.
RyanCarranza::Jealous of what, exactly?
IlliniDave68::I OWN you, little man.  Now, GTFO.
diabolic0330::Why would we be jealous?
CHILLWILL41000::Man u see how we let D Rose rest  and we still went out there and put them guns on them? Go Bulls!
robrenaldi::If Noah can keep playing like this, he adds another dimension to our team that was not there last year in the ECF. I hope he can stay healthy, because he was playing at an all-star level last year before he got hurt.
robrenaldi::He's getting into that groove again. I remember before his hand injury last year he was averaging like 14 and 12. Hopefully he can do that against the Heat in the playoffs, that would be awesome and could be a huge x factor
diabolic0330::Noah's been Bal-lin for weeks. Good to see the old Jo again.
sportspotpourri::What did impress me from Chicago last night was the passing. Other than a stretch in the 3rd, everybody on the floor was hitting open guys and even accurately leading guys to open shots. Great movement, hope it gives them confidence to keep it going when Rose comes back.
diabolic0330::Sign him and cut Lucas.
sportspotpourri::Haha, poor kid
diabolic0330::He won't get dunked on either lol.
sportspotpourri::I was thinking the same. James is showng great vision and he is a bigger guard.
RyanCarranza::James really made some of those passes he made down low look really easy too.  The movement was nice!
Choose your member name::Damm the Bulls are good!
Lomax66::Greatest of all time. I'd be surprised if they lose another game the entire season.
Choose your member name::agree
diabolic0330::Wait til they're healthy.
4TouchdownsPolkHigh::Nice talking to...well some of you. Until next time. Im out. Cant take how choppy the chat thing got.
DCOVEY8434::Boozer looks good against weak teams, and he looked fast last night against Bostons retirement home. Against teams like the Heat, I still say Taj is the best choice....As for childish behavior, cursing at other Bulls fans because you are a complete die hard homer is childish. Teams and coaches have flaws if you have to turn the other cheek, rather than look at reality that is your choice!!
mikedogg08::me too... im out in a few minutes... too much "childish" behavior
Lomax66::Dude, you are the one that said Lebron scored a total of 8 points in 2 games in the finals. I am not even sure what you are doing in here.
4TouchdownsPolkHigh::For sure. It was nice easy basketball talk. But then went to sh.it.
Saints8365::Whose better?   Wendys or Mcdonalds?
diabolic0330::I don't like fast food, but I do like Wendys' chicken caesar wraps.
Saints8365::ahhaahhahahahahah
diabolic0330::I got the fries that'll cross your eyes. I got the shakes that'll make you quake. I got the Burgers.....well I just got burgers.
Saints8365::Ikr lol and their Fries :)
