Steven Rivera::JR Smith Shooting 22% this season, Shump shooting under 30%, Felton shooting 37%, Hardaway JR 30% MWP 28% Amare scoring under 10ppg this season but yet MELO will get the blame despite Leading the league in Minutes played and averaging 27ppg and close to 11 rebonds a game
Robert Rtype Taylor::I'm definitely not a knick fan or a melo fan, but he has no weapons…...melo pretty much has to shoot..only other guy they have that is scoring is bargnani…… this is just a bad team with bad parts……..
Steven Rivera::Robert Rtype Taylor Agreed
Robert Rtype Taylor::i kinda feel bad for woodson because he doesn't have much to work with, and he may end up being the fall guy for this teams start……..
Danny Mac::Clippers im assuming if they play any defense will rout the hapless Knicks.
Debra Quick::Say good bye to Melo NY. He is not going to stay with this losing team. Love him or hate him, he has been giving his all. He can't win alone and the other players are just unengaged. Run Melo...see Melo run!
Marcus Grein::Amare somehow managed to be a -29 in 20 mins, I swear the knicks could be .500 at least if Amare just never plays....
Steve Barrios::I hope the clippers dont play down to the competition tonight the way they have been for most of the year... im sorry knicks fans but i really hope we blow you guys out of the water.
Evander Smart::Jamison taking Matt Barnes' minutes. Looks like the N-word issue didn't go over well with Doc
Dakota Mckenzie::He's hurt.....
Aaron Rooney::Carmelo will be auditioning for the Clippers tonight.
Victor Aguilera::We got rid of Odom, we don't need another cancer!
Steven Rivera::Kenyon Martin +17 and Amare -29 SMH WOW just WOW and Amare has the nerve to talk about ball movement??? focus on guarding your man and protecting the RIM!! also dude doesn't even look to pass it whenever he touches the ball
Marcus Grein::Melo was a -2 bargs was a plus 3, yet the knicks get blown out because our bench is completely incompetent. How are the knicks gonna win if the starters always have to come in and play catch up....
Ikenna Nwaghanata::You watch the Knicks on MSG and you realize they are playing 3 on 5 with their starting offensive unit. Melo, barnani and Felton. Shumpert and Martin are non factors in the offense.
Martin Cruz-Delgadillo::30 Wins will get you in the playoffs in the east this year so never fear Knick Fans!! Youll go 32-50 and promptly get swept by MIA in the first round >:D
Andy P Kordyban::The Knicks are awesome!  Warmest Regards, Jazz, Bucks, Knicks fans & no one else
Demetrius Falconstakeflight Roberts::*Play-by-play announcer* Melo gets the ball in the post, now he's doubled and shoots an off balance jumper that's wayyy short and the Knicks turn it over again
Steve Barrios::lol...
Lorenze Corcuera::That's not a turnover
Justin Henry::the clippers average more turnovers than the knicks
Randy Dixon::Another double digit loss for the biggest clowns in basketball
Steven Rivera::Why are the Knicks clowns?
Randy Dixon::Have you watch them play? Anthony is supposed to be a top 15 player can't even keep his team close to decent teams...ok to make a long story short what doesn't make the knicks clowns
Ken Ferriello::Randy Dixon He shoots 39% and 42% for his career. He is not top 15 in anything except taking the most shots and taht's why he gets his points. He is not even in the top 45 in shooting percentage this year and was 72nd in shooting percentage last year. Open your eyes Knick fans . He  is  a horrible shooter . The statistics back that up
Steven Anacker::Ha. The Knicks aren't even pretending to contest any shots.
Alex Naeff::Knicks are going to keep sucking so the nuggets get a lottery pick.
Michael Riescher::TRADE MELO!!!!!!!   start fresh
Ann Dietrich::Melo I'm praying for u
Gerry Siegel::My heart is broken that we suck so bad! I think Woody will be gone soon. The players respect him, but I think he has lost them. I don't understand his rotations sometimes. MWP should be playing at least 25 minutes; he's hardly played recently. He's a great defender. Melo is trying hard but if your 9 for 23 or the like constantly, you're working too hard for your shots and the ball is not moving. JR Smith is a major disappointment. Bargnani is nice surprise.
King Jaffe Joe::Hmmm so for all the melo haters lets examine what just happened at the beginning of the second quarter while he was resting..... the ball moved around and the shooters bricked every shot,  turnovers and missed plays.  So while sitting on the bench the clippers lead opened up to 11 and now melo has to jack up shots when he gets back in to keep his team in it
Steven Anacker::One way to look like an amazing player is to play with a lot of horrible players.
Hector Ortiz::The Isaiah Thomas years are coming back. Melo isn't coming back after this year, you can bet the house on that. The Knicks have no one else on the team. JR Smith will be the main scorer next year, that's a scary thought. Knicks don't have good cap room until 2015. It's going to be  a long two years.
Wade Yoon Kim::Two years? No one else want to play for the Knicks with Dolan at the helm.
Hector Ortiz::Wade Kim, Very true, Stephen A made that point, he also stated Dolan at the helm was a huge reason why Lebron most likely didn't come to NY. Not all of the reason but a big reason.
Kermit Kiya Hart::Dolan can make ahelluvalot of Knicks Fans happy by trading ISO-Melo, after this road trip. Knicks fans a really b happy if we leave Melo in Denver, and get back our 2014 draft pick, with Gallo & W.Chandler.
Zee N Jason Farmer::Jeff Ariano wow melo should be proud
Zee N Jason Farmer::6-7 if melo shared the rock a lil
Arsenio Sp::meta world peace is feeling like he is a shooter taking a lot of 3 pts.shot.metta should drive to the basket more ,he is liability to new york.metta 0 / 7 fg.
Figaro Tsai::Carmelo is a selfish player. He's afraid his teammates play better than him. I think Knicks never win the championship until Carmelo leave Knicks.
Steven Anacker::Don't sweat it Knicks fans. As of now, even at 3-10, you're only two games out of the playoffs. Which is just mind blowing, btw.
Steven Rivera::13 games into the season and we're talking about playoffs? SMH get a grip
Steven Anacker::Steven Rivera Obviously, I don't mean the real playoffs. But to be two games out of 8th with a 3-10 record still says a ton about the East this year.
Steven Rivera::Steven Anacker The East is bad so far for the start of the season but still early into the season, many teams can still turn it around before All-Star break
