ezeddie65::Love for MVP. He's that good.
Pusherman3::Nuggets young players mailing it in for the remainder.  Terrible D....not fun to watch.  Well, at least I won't have to witness another first round exit this year.
Lin_Diesel_17::Kevin Love is a freakin BEAST!!
paul2285::The Nugz have given up on Karl, I'm sick of waiting for these clowns to get their act together!!
Jg2.o::I wasn't even talking about Griffin making the Olympic Team or god forbid, start; but odds are he will make the squad [being the league and espn darling] - no explanation necessary. And because there's a decent chance Chauncy makes the squad as a veteran leader who has always been there for USA - if he comes back from his injury - Aldredge could be left out. With USA and their propensity to play small, Bynum isn't a lock, though I'd say chances are he will make it. I was just saying Love might not start if they go with Lebron at the 4 &amp; Durant 3.  But K-love should start as they (he) would wipe the glass clean. The big questions are Chauncy, Bynum, and the last pick at PF. Otherwise the team is pretty much set.  And then the thing with who should start at the point, but it's kind of a toss up really - either way. Oh, and Melo shouldn't make the squad but I'll bet he does.
TheCarterEffect::Wow, not even a guy as good a Kevin Love can play without haters saying "OMG this dude is so overrated because he doesn't do dunks and alley oops like Blake Griffin"  Even though Love is 200x better than Griffin.
seejames511::From Elias: Kevin Love scored 30 points and grabbed 21 rebounds in the Timberwolves' 117-100 victory over the Nuggets. It was the seventh 30/20 game of Love's four-year NBA career, most among active players, and tied for 5th-most by anyone who debuted since the ABA-NBA merger (1976-77 season) and also matching the total posted by all other players in T'wolves history combined. Kevin Garnett had five 30/20 games and Al Jefferson had two. Not impressed? Try this: In less than four seasons, Love has recorded more 30-point/20-rebound games than either Tim Duncan (6) or David Robinson (5) did in their entire NBA careers. Also more than Karl Malone (5) and Larry Bird (5), and more than Dwight Howard (6). We can agree that Blake Griffin's a pretty good scorer and rebounder, right? But he's still looking for his first 30/20.
legacyreaper32::TWolves should have picked up Sessions.  That would have solved their Rubio problem this season (Rubio being taken out by Kobe for a basketball game win). And if Rubio isn't the same player when he returns from injury, Sessions could have served as a good insurance policy.
schroer123413123::yeah surgeries now days you can come back better than before
Jg2.o::With the level these surgeries are performed at he should definitely get to 100%, but it might take a while.
SANFORDMATT::He is one of the best PF's is not the best,rebounding skills and a scorer. Beast. T-wolves suck!
alwaysbesinkinthosemavs::Ive been following a betting system recently called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 2 months straight now following this system. I found this system by googling the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I recommend this system to anyone that is looking for a system that actually works. Thought I would post this for anyone frustrated of not winning thier bets
nammby::Dear NBA,              Can we move to the eastern conference during this season?                                Minnesota Timberwolves.
superiorcrazy::dear david stern, you sir, are an idiot  -  sincerely, crackhead bob
seejames511::Dear Wolves,  You are 5-9 against the East.  19-17 against the West.  You own the season series against the #2, #4, #5, and #8 seeded playoff teams.  For your own good, I am denying your request.  Sincerely,  David Stern
Tyler81835::We would be the No.8 seed right now then...
theurm::Last time Denver played MN the entire city of Denver thought their team was the best in the game by forcing OT without their best player. Now the Wolves without Rubio and we still put up huge numbers and a W. Can't wait to see where the T-Wolves stand in a couple years. Love, Rubio, Williams (gets better hopefully, Pekovic ...can become one great lineup in a couple years
kenbomc::I'm not even sure who Denver's best player is.
theurm::At the time when they beat Wolves in OT it was Nene Hilario. He was injured at the time though and recently was traded to the Wizards.
seejames511::Gallinari is a great player, it is too bad he got hurt just as he was starting to take off.  Getting him in the Melo trade was the best thing to happen to Denver...
OOHnirav::Most Denver fans I've talked to seem to suggest Gallinari. They follow the Nuggets closer than I do, so I just take their word for it.
OOHnirav::Agreed, this team has all of the potential in the world to become the next Thunder.
seejames511::Well, as the Wolf said in Pulp Fiction..."Let's not start sucking eachother's 'popcicles' just yet."  But I like the future.  Just gotta hope they do SOMETHING at SF and SG or they will continue to get eaten alive in the West.
MNSPORTS93::Salmon fried up with peppers and onions in olive oil, rosemary and garlic. This kitty loves his fish.
kenbomc::meow
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Wolves fans are absolutely crazy... they think Kevin Love is the best ever. His team has NEVER made the playoffs. I think you guys are getting a little(A LOT) ahead of yourselves. Also.... Millsap&gt;Love
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Saying that Love is the greatest Power Forward in the league is like saying Monta Ellis is the best guard in the league. Just because you score a lot of points doesn't mean you are valuable. And thank you for showing the Millsap has a better field goal %. That just shows he is more efficient. Could he score more??? Absolutely. The Jazz run their offense through Jefferson so most of Millsaps points come off of broken plays. And EVERY single time love and Millsap play Millsap absolutely punishes love.
seejames511::Broken plays = dunks and layups=higher shooting percentage.  Not being double and triple teamed = easier shot selection = higher shooting percentage.  The only stat that you can hang you hat on you refute with your own logic.  Again, if I was to suggest that Monta Ellis was the best guard in the league I would have 100 people say: Lebron, Kobe, Rose, Wade, hell a million names would come up and an argument could at least be made.  I say Love is the best overall Power Forward in the league, and the only argument that come up is MILSAP???  Why? Because Milsap has outperformed a couple of times head to head with Love?  You are free to have your opinion, hope it works out for you.
seejames511::Now THAT is funny....Smokey Mountain Rain baby!!!
superiorcrazy::isn't ronnie millsap blind?
andy52688::millsap?! when someone thinks of the best PFs in the NBA they think MILLSAP?!?!?!?! are you out of your mind? LOVE&gt;millsap
kenbomc::Millsap may play well vs. the Wolves, but we all know: Love &gt; Millsap
ih8pikeys::Millsap &gt; Love?  LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
seejames511::WOW...really?  I do not think that the majority of the Wolves or Love fans would say he is the BEST ever...more like the best PF in the NBA right now and the stats do nothing but support that.  Again, to say that Love has not led the Wolves to the playoffs, well if he had the supporting cast of Rose, Lebron, Durant, Griffin, or even MILSAP, there is little doubt that he would....and they would contend for a deep run as well.  The Wolves have won season series against the Mavericks, Spurs, Clippers and Rockets...all playoff teams.  If they did not lose their starting point guard and been limited in other areas, they would likely be contending for a 5-8 seed.    Now, as far as your Milsap &gt; Love comment? Well you obviously are deluded.  Milsap is a nice 27 year old player who might not even be the best Power Forward, long term, on his own team (Favors).  He also benefits from having a quality player in Jefferson to take a lot of pressure off of him, something that Love does not have the benefit from.   Here are the numbers...you tell me...   Milsap: '11-'12	Shooting%:.498	3 Point%: .208	Free Throw%: .793	Rebounds/Game:  8.8   Points/Game: 15.9  Love: '11-'12   Shooting%:	.452	3 Point%: .381	Free Throw%: .812	Rebounds/Game: 13.7  Points/Game: 26.2  Finally, with the lack of athletic interior presence with Pek's injury, and despite not being athletically superior to my grandmother, Love garners double and triple teams in the post on offense and on the boards and STILL manages monster numbers.  He not only have more 30/20 games this season than the REST of the NBA combined, he is the NBA's Active LEADER at 23 years old.  He does not dunk....he does not swat balls into the third row...he does not leak out on defense and slam home ally-oop dunks.  What he does do is manage to score efficiently without compromising his rebounding abilities, play effective defense, and provide solid leadership to a team completely full of young or inconsistent talent.  You can have Milsap...in a year or two he will not even be starting on his own team.
CardsFaninChiTown::^meant for oohnirav the siberian basketball expert.
CardsFaninChiTown::You, sir, are an idiot.
bbranan::OOHnirav - Who is more likely to be the sole focus of the opposing teams defense? You are so unbelievably wrong on this it's funny. I love the people that bring up the "he the only player on the team that going to take the shots and get the rebounds" comment. You don't think the other teams realize this, and do what they can to stop him? If it is so easy to score 30pts &amp; get 20 rbs, why isn't every player doing it?
seejames511::I understand your thinking that I have blind faith in the guy.  Well, unfortunately, that is not true, at the beginning of this year, I was convinced that the Wolves should trade him for someone like Aldridge or a better player at the wing.  But he has won me over this year.  And I eat a lot of crow from my friends from it right now.  Just because I am on his side does not mean that I cannot be swayed.  The fact that someone will not even try means tells me that there is not even a possibility to easily suggest ONE player who is better at his position than he.    For example, if I said Durant is the best SF in the NBA...I would have a million people throw Lebron's credentials at me...pretty easy argument to make and pretty hard to refute either way.  The problem with your "great player, $@%!$@ team" argument is that there have been many great players on $@%!$@ teams in NBA history that only got BETTER when surrounded by better talent.  They see less double and triple teams, they get more open looks and better inside passes to set them up for more scoring opportunities, especially for interior players with suspect athleticism.  Look at his numbers...he is not Allen Iverson jacking up 25 shots a game.  He takes less shots than both Durant AND Westbrook and they are on the same team!
OOHnirav::Your blind enthusiasm and previous posts give away the fact that no amount of evidence would sell you on anything. His awful teammates were exactly why I suggested that his stats are boosted. Who is going to get a rebound in his place on that team? Who is more likely to take a shot on him on the Wolves? Saying that you like him most, or even that you think he's the best, is one thing, but you're making it sound like it's an indisputable statement, which is simply untrue.   Again, it's because you clearly aren't paying enough attention to enough other teams and their stars. That's okay. Not everyone has the capacity or time to follow 30 teams and 8ish active players on each team.
seejames511::Heck, I will even give you a starter list: Aldridge, Griffin, Pau Gasol, Tim Duncan, Dirk, Bosh, Lee, Josh Smith, Cousins, Amare, KG, Harrington, Scola, Ilynasova....okay that should be enough...if you go past them, you are already wrong.
seejames511::Give me ONE player....better than him NOW.  And SELL me on it.  And it is hard to UNDERACHIEVE when you have Wesley Johnson as your starting SF.  I have some question as to your scope of knowledge if you would contend that the Wolves currently have anyone on their team that would start on ANY other playoff team outside of Love.
OOHnirav::There are too many good PFs in the league, and Love is still unproven due to being on an underachieving team. He's a great PF for sure, but to say that he's the best in the league as if it's a fact shows that the scope of your knowledge is a little small.
seejames511::Sometimes you just have to lay it all out there....but rather than just saying OMFG!!! LOVE&gt;MILSAP AND HE IS AWEEEESSSSOOME! I just took some time, and let the logic and stats speak for themselves.
MNSPORTS93::Holy long comment batman!
cixelsydmai::what happened to all the $@%!$@ nuggs/denver fans?  they disappear when they get worked.  tebow! tebow! tebow! ....   haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa  ...... now what for you idiots?
ryanvdonk::most people didn't like tebow...im on the road so couldn't see the game, but looks like another no show by the nuggs in the effort department.
eototal::Team USA starting lineup:  PG: Derrick Rose SG: Kobe Bryant SF: Lebron James PF: Kevin Love C: Dwight Howard  Bench: PG: Chris Paul SG: Dwayne Wade SF: Kevin Durant PF: Chris Bosh C: Andrew Bynum  This = Instant Gold Medal.
seejames511::I would tend to agree on the Amare choice, but Aldridge and Amare have one big weakness in their games and that is their effectiveness on offense and rebounding suffer dramatically as they get pulled from rim.  Against the athletic pick and pop PFs from Europe (ie Dirk), they can be exposed.
OOHnirav::Bench could do with better rebounding. I'd switch Bosh for Amare and start him over Love. Not saying that he's better, but it seems like the lineup would work better that way.
ryanvdonk::chris paul to start...they need a distributor not a volume scorer. and lamarcus aldridge over bosh.
minncharger::kevin love - MVP
ezeddie65::wonder how minni would do without kevin love. we see how the bulls are doing without last years MVP, and saw how the Cabs did without LeBron. To me, its either LeBron or Love for MVP.
superiorcrazy::p.s. that's a bullsh1t rule or idea that someone can't be MVP of a team that doesn't make the playoffs
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::disagree... you can't be mvp if your team has never made the playoffs.
seejames511::The Thunder without Durant would get at least a passable SF to play for them...(lets say it was Carlos Delfino), they would still have Westbrook, Harden, Ibaka and Perkins starting with decent chance to be a over .500 club, which is all it would take to grab a playoff spot in the West this year.
kenbomc::I agree the Wolves are still in the hunt...but just as important Love is to the team, I think Aldeman has been huge for us. The Thunder wouldn't be a playoff team without Durant; the Clips might possibly be a better team without Griffin. If the Wolves make the playoffs, Love is easily the MVP. Eventhough Kobe is great, you take away Bynum from that team, and they're hurting big time.
kenbomc::.not very well for the past ..um...two days I guess.
seejames511::I contend that the Wolves can still make the playoffs...they have a rough road, but they can do it if they can get even a little healthier and get Pek back.  But that is not the point.  The Wolves would have the worst record in the NBA if it was not for Love.  Easily a 15-20 game swing in their favor because of him.  He is 23, and has come into his own the past two years, expanded his game and is easily the most important player to his team's fortunes in the NBA.  But he is not my pick for MVP...but neither is Rose, Lebron, Wade, Howard, or Durant.  It is Paul, Love or Kobe.  The Bulls have shown that they can beat teams without Rose. The Heat would still make a 2-4 seed without LeBron. The Thunder would still make the playoffs if you replace Durant. The Clippers would be a 6-8 seed without Griffin...without Paul?  See last year..lol. The only difference is the Lakers....they would be in bad shape without Kobe...and HE is my MVP.  The point is that MVP is not a scoring title...or even a dunk contest.  It is an award for the player in which is the most VALUABLE for their team.  Take Love off the Wolves and Houston, Spurs, Clippers and Mavericks would have an extra 2-3 wins THIS year.  Now, who shapes the Western Conference?
purple-peopleater::chicago will
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::You obviously don't follow basketball... The Bulls have made the playoffs this year.
kenbomc::No team has made the playoffs yet this year.
Jg2.o::I just wonder now what Krzy and Jerry C. think of Love and where he fits in on the rotation.  Should be interesting.
seejames511::I do not see ANY reason why they would start anyone OTHER than KLove at PF.  With the other starters bringing more than enough in the way of firepower, he can concentrate on cleaning the glass and providing a legitimate offensive threat. His excellence at the inside/out game (very important against the European Teams) will ultimately be the deciding factor for him versus players like Griffin, Bosh and Aldridge.    I also think that he is a little underrated on defense.  He will never be a big threat to block shots or steal the ball, but he is fundamentally sound on help traps and his ability to secure the boards is a huge advantage to limiting second chance points, especially when he has his flank defended by a high quality defensive center like Howard or Bynum.
kenbomc::It was nice to have a cupcake team to play against tonight.
jayeteee::They sure played that way, I agree.
mydotcom::the real big 3? miami? boston? nahhh scalibrine luke walton and kwame brown http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/p/best-nba-memes.html
Ray Allen Fan91::Rock on Freaky brah!!!!
Jg2.o::2 years 4-5 seed,  3 years 2-3 seed....book it!
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::make the playoffs first.
bbranan::how about you all worry about not dropping the punt, we will worry about making the playoffs.
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::sup all?
Jg2.o::what up bootz
Jason1973h::Uncanny ability to rebound!!! Not since Rodman
OldmoneyisBadmoney::Who is the worst shhoting team in the league? That team should be the prey
OldmoneyisBadmoney::I wonder how many he could bring down if he devoted all his energy in an entire game to rebounding
Tyler81835::I say about 35 rebounds if he devoted ALL energy to rebounds...
OldmoneyisBadmoney::@ Jg2.o when I look at your avatar, I think of Zazu form the Lion KIng haha
Jg2.o::I get it....I just like the Wolves, Dino Cicarelli, and all the irrational haters on K-Love.
Dogs Alt::Where is your cat pic cmon man
Jg2.o::Are you against me or with me...?
OldmoneyisBadmoney::Im not attacking you, am I? At least thats not my intention. Just thought i say what i thought when i saw what looks to me like an orange beak
Jg2.o::This is the battle from here on out.  The top three players in the NBA are forwards, so someone is odd man out in the Olympics.....probly K-Love.
seejames511::Yes, the Clippers have been HORRIBLE for decades, but the last time that I checked, the Wolves had a worse record over the last 10 years than the Clippers.  Yes, the Clippers have been historically bad, but that was not my point.  My point was simply pointing out that simply because K Love has not single handedly carried the Wolves to the playoffs is NOT an indictment of the player HE is...but rather an indictment on the coaching staff, front office and the talent around him.  In fact, the Clippers are a great example of this very fact...numerous failed high lottery picks, failure to attract or keep talent and horrible coaching have done more to sink that franchise than anything else.  No one player can ever do it alone.  Just ask Michael Jordan.  They were pulled out of the bottom by Michael, but they did not win Championships until they added Pippen, Grant, Kerr, Rodman, etc.
superiorcrazy::Griffin has been on the CLIPPERS - one of the top 5 worst franchises in the history of professional sports - don't even start to compare the wolves and the clippers in that department
seejames511::KLove makes it and starts...and I do not think that it is even all that close.  The Olympics are about winning against international teams with solid fundamentals, not rocking power dunks.  That was the reason that we lost for awhile there...the players (and USA Basketball) forgot that superior athleticism does not bring home the gold medal....not any more.  Griffin's teams have never made the playoffs either...I always enjoy watching people's main detraction from Love is him not SINGLEHANDEDLY carrying the team to the playoffs.  If he had the supporting cast of Durant, Lebron, Rose or Griffin, it would not be a question if he would be in the playoffs, it would be if they would win the championship.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::His team has never made the playoffs...you wolves fans get way way way ahead of yourselves
Jg2.o::K-LOVE will make the squad no doubt.  I just think he should start.
OldmoneyisBadmoney::You mean Lob City's main citizen over Love?
ryanvdonk::griffin is at best the 5th best PF in the league, bosh, aldrige, love and dirk are all better...no one who air balls at least a free throw a week should be considered.
401MacK::Tom Gugliotta is smiling somewhere
OldmoneyisBadmoney::When Love hauls in 30pts and the Wolves still get outscored in the paint 64-38, you know Love is going to someday have a monster game. He is really good from the perimeter and if he can muscle his way inside on the same game, ouch for the opposition
Jg2.o::Thank you....start him on the Olympic team please.
Lehigh Cheeerleader::<b></b>
Dogs Alt::Dinomeyt remeber when you said you  would get a cat pic
Jg2.o::Dino, I named my childhood cat after Cicarelli.
Jg2.o::My cat now is named Olive, but Dino is my favorite Minny athlete ever.
Dogs Alt::cat pic
Antsea91::<b> Lakers &gt; your favorite team.</b>
sotapopinski::not if you like memphis
Dinomeyt::Hey buddy, jump off a bridge for us why don't ya? Hope ur head hits a sharp rock on the way down
Dogs Alt::Lakers are my favorite team. LOL JK LAKERS SUCK
Dinomeyt::Better Breakfast Venue: Denny's or Perkins?
skillslayer::Sooo much better than dennys and village inn..
OldmoneyisBadmoney::No Perkins exist in So. Cal, that I know of. Midwest thing?
Dogs Alt::Perkins  P.S Where is your cat pic
Dogs Alt::I might get my account back soon.  P.S Where's yours?
Dinomeyt::Can't disagree. Had that for breakfast the morning of Black Friday P.S. Wheres yours?
Jg2.o::Winter's Bone is a real movie with real people [characters].  Get a grip.
Dogs Alt::Lol anything a Nugget fan says you disagree
Dinomeyt::U know wat movie was good. Human Centipede.
Dinomeyt::Yep lol
Dogs Alt::Dinomeyt having a conversation with yourself?
Dinomeyt::Worse than Yu-gi-oh The Movie. Thank god they had the free cards, cuz that was the only positive out of that movie.
Dinomeyt::Note my sarcasm. Worse movie ever
Dogs Alt::Lakers playing like the garbage team they are.
GQUISTY::win, lose, win,lose, win, lose,win,lose,lose..... Get it together Denver
GQUISTY::they score the most points in the league per game.. .. No defense is absolutely correct
Dinomeyt::So basically Denver scores and hopes the team misses all their shots. Sadly, they were facing Kevin Love. Not going to happen much lol
Kenneth Faried ROY::They play ZERO defense, it is embarrassing
Kenneth Faried ROY::Damn Denver blew this one, on another note I saw a terrible movie tonight with my girlfriend (Hunger Games) blows, probably worse than Denvers performance tonight.
Dogs Alt::DID YOU READ THE BOOKS?
Dogs Alt::Good Luck with your Nuggets Peace.
Kenneth Faried ROY::they certainly did
Dogs Alt::they shook the camera too much during the fighting
Kenneth Faried ROY::I know but their movie would have been much better, but its all about money
Dogs Alt::The Box Office would be low if they made it R
Kenneth Faried ROY::No but my girlfriend did and she also hated the movie, they should have made the movie R, would have been way cooler
Jg2.o::Watch "Winter's Bone" if you get the chance. THE YOUNG LADY IS TALENTED.
Kenneth Faried ROY::lol that movie is so boring
Jg2.o::Dino...is that something you've heard, that Randolph resists minutes at center?  Seriously, just curious.
Jg2.o::I mean the guy has got length like KG.  There must be a [negative] dynamic with Rick that prevents him from getting even minimal minutes.
Dinomeyt::thats what im thinkin is goin on and i thought beasley was the biggest bonehead
Dinomeyt::No, I am just looking at his height and he could be a decent center. Not D12 or Pek material, but someone Rick can go to when Pek gets tired or has too many fouls. Darko is now all of a sudden injury prone, so I would think Randolph would be a good decent center
Jg2.o::It looks like Rick must have made JJ understood what the deal is...He's been passing a lot more since the bench altercation.
Dinomeyt::Good, I think we got rid of the ball hogging situation this team has. And Malcolm Lee was awesome
Jg2.o::Rick Adelman needs to spread the damn minutes out.
Jg2.o::Randolph doesn't..... or Rick doesn't...want Randolph at center?
Dinomeyt::Randolph can have an attitude. Adelman isn't Rambis. He isn't going to take any punk act. For example, michael beasley. There was one play today that told me he has changed. He stole the ball, and it was just him. Last year, he would have tried to make a shot on his own, usually leading to a turnover. Today, he waited for the team and passed it to ridnour.
Dinomeyt::U really can't take out love because 1) Pek is injured 2) Darko is injured 3) Brad Miller can't do much any more and 4) Randolph doesn't want to turn into a center on a team full of forwards. so in reality, taking love out is nearly impossible
Dinomeyt::Ok Darko isn't really injured but u know what I mean
sandhoefner::why the ______ did love play 44 minutes in a game they won by 17?
Jg2.o::You know, I gotta agree with that.
Dinomeyt::Maybe he wanted to? Maybe hes happy Barea didn't play lol
Dinomeyt::Here's proof, when ridnour is in how much does the ball get to Kevin Love?? Most of the time. When Barea is in, especially in the game against OKC, Barea seemed like he didn't want to give Love the ball
Dinomeyt::I mean Barea is decent, but he needs to realize this is Kevin's team, not his. If they make it into the playoffs, then Barea can try to be the hero. Until then, follow Rick and Kevin Love
Danilo Gallinari Man Crush::I'm fine with the loss, I really am. But what I am not ok with is the bitch who said, "can you please sit down so I can see?" when I was standing and cheering during the Nuggets player introductions.
Dinomeyt::Their is the occasional moron that drinks way too much or has a people problem
Dinomeyt::Uglier brother: Marc or Pau. Pau looks decent when he isn't covered in sweat.
kenbomc::Well Nugget fans....your team isn't there yet, maybe in about 4-5 years.
griffithjunior::Love is the most underrated superstar, yes superstar in the NBA. The guy is putting numbers like Moses Malone (look him up young ones).  MVP - 1. Lebron 2. Durant 3. Love 4. Parker 5. Paul and the top three are close.
Jg2.o::123 I can agree with.  4-9 is Rose, Kobe, Parker, Paul, etc...But it's a messy thang when it gets past K-love at third most valuable.
md7152::Lots of credit goes to Ridnour for this one.  Well played team effort.  Go wolves.
Dinomeyt::At least I heard it was cancer from the announcer. Might be wrong. Not verifying anything
Dinomeyt::sounds like either lymphoma or esophogeal cancer, with EC the most likely with the description. However, thats more common in the elderly
md7152::yeah.  I heard there was a hole in the eshaphagus of one of the twins, but whatever it is cancer or that, it has been a scary ordeal for sure.
PhilMNAP::Yikes.
md7152::Really?  I wasnt aware it was to that extent.  wow.  Not sure how he does it.
Dinomeyt::It had something to do with one of his newborn twins. I don't know if it was a premature birth or something like that, but I know that babies are prone to cancer
md7152::I went to High school with him here in WA.  He is 2 years older than me.  I was lucky enough to watch him play thru middle and highschool here.  Def. special to watch.  I don't run into his parents much anymore.  His dad was the PE teacher here in Blaine.  Can't imagine what the family is going thru.  He comes back here during 4th of July time.  Makes you sick to your stomach knowing that.
Dinomeyt::But ridnour plays with a lot of heart, even with the sadness of knowing that his child might not be on earth for long. He is probably one of my favorite wolves players, and is one of the most underrated players in the NBA. He has probably the best floater in the NBA. Utah can concur with that lol
Dinomeyt::Ya the announcers said his kid (one of them, don't know if it was the newborn) has cancer.
Dinomeyt::No kidding. Guess his newborn child had cancer. Thats gotta be so tough to deal with
The Unibrow of Anthony Davis33::I think if the NBA had their own separate playoffs for the teams that didn't qualify (14 teams) for the regular playoffs (16 teams), the Nuggets would crush the competition, however, for the regular 16 team playoffs for teams looking to win a title, they would neither qualify nor win a game. Nuggets suck go Rockets!!!
Jg2.o::Difference between Wolves and Denver...Wolves could be in the finals 3 years from now.
MNSPORTS93::BOOMfire
kenbomc::bam!!
Designated Driver::Nope
Dinomeyt::Bazinga!!
PhilMNAP::Kapow.
Jg2.o::boom
PhilMNAP::Bang.
Jg2.o::Adelman, rotate mutha fukca...Not so certain bout Rick A.
PhilMNAP::Great coach. Give him time, still has to get a feel of the team.
whollycrap79::Anyone saying Blake is the best PF today stop it! Seriously, quit it! SMMFH
Jg2.o::Denver, you have some boo-boos...like everyone, and you've made a trade that doesn't look so good.  Ooppsss.
