MODZ_LUV_ME::so the guy plays like the top 10 pick he was, and it's a top story? He should be putting up big numbers more often
JCDish::Oh Snap, if this Kings group can become this efficient constantly, they could become a very scary team to face for other NBA squads. And with this group, you have the competitive efficient team mixed with the craziness that characterizes guys like cousins. Looking forward to next season with this team.
Jason77888::This type of play from DeMarcus Cousins frustrates many Kings fans and fans of him as a player. He too talented to be getting ejected from games. His averages are 17.2pts and 10 rebounds. It could easily be 3pts higher, I just think immaturity gets the best of him thus forbidding from becoming the best PF in the L today.
BoltsFan_::this wont work
ukrule68::I can't understand why Michael Beasley hasn't became an All-Star type player. He has the talent.
Nargash35-Manimal 2.0::If Cousins become mature, he will be the best big man in the league and it wouldn't even be close..!!
Jason77888::I'm not a Kings fan, just a fan of his game, and his play screams great big man. His attitude screams Sheed Wallace.
Jagundes88::sheed figured it out eventually and got that championship just scares me because that was several teams down the road
ukrule68::I agree. When he was at UK, he stayed fairly calm most of the time. Coach Cal usually was able to control him, but there were a few minor outbursts.
brycelunt::Keep tanking Suns.  The Spurs did it and got Tim Duncan, so maybe this will work out for us.
Jonathan2819::Keep losing suns we need picks...
nihkkah::A bandwagoner from Arizona, who knew..
slapshotcity123::The Heat and the Ravens. Very interesting...
arizonasting13::"we"? your favorite team is the heat..
Silverio60::Name 2 say Its the top Pick. OK 1 Top pick If you get 2 or 3 Pick two others
Silverio60::If Suns get a top 3 pick who would you choose Suns fans
arizonasting13::McLemore or Noel probably
Jonathan2819::LEBRON
Beanslams46::Let's all bow our heads for the setting of the Suns.
Silverio60::Rebuild time
Beanslams46::building on sand.
Silverio60::Suns get Lottery Family is from Douglas Suns Spurs Fans
SacramentoKingsHereWeStay::Wichita State Shockers &gt; Phoenix Suns
arizonasting13::The Lakers lost... need Utah to keep winning and we will get two lotto picks :)
Silverio60::Anyway Good Job for Sacramento to keep its franchise Yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!
kyleharris55::Is it official?
ddlb66::Nothing is official yet. Sacramento City Council just approved the term sheet to build a new arena downtown. So, at this point, all we [fans] can do is wait for the BoG to make their decision. Seattle and Sacramento both have viable ownership groups and arena plans, so no one can say for sure what is going to happen with the franchise, or which city is "in the lead". The league/joint committee will have a preliminary meeting on April 3rd, where each group will present their case; then the actual vote will come mid-April. Everything should be known for certain around April 19th(even though the league and its owners will likely know how everything will transpire after the meeting on the 3rd).  I know this reply is a bit late, but I hope you get to read it Kyle. You asked an honest, valid question, and I think you deserve an honest, valid response.
kyleharris55::I'm a sports fan asking a genuine question. Thank you sir.
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Not until April 19th
USC Chrogans::Why are you on a Sacramento board, troll?
arizonasting13::Another much needed loss. Go Suns
ddlb66::If the Suns do end up with the top pick, I hope they don't waste it on Noel. He's got a lot of potential...but a severe leg injury on a big like him has to be a red-flag. Maybe he'll return to 100% and be a beast in the league, but with guys like Oden and Bowie sticking out in my mind, that injury makes him not worth the risk on a top pick. And Noel doesn't have the body those guys had, either. I felt the same way about Anthony Davis, and I'm starting to think I may be right about him being injury prone. The Suns would be better off drafting McLemore, Porter or even Oladipo. I even think Alex Len would do well alongside Dragic...but he's definitely not worth the top pick.   I'm not a Suns fan, so this is just my 2 cents.
Je5teR777::Tru dat, that was a great loss, top 3 here we come...
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::You want Nerlens?
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::Completely agree. Think it may be the perfect fit for him.
arizonasting13::sorta, the injury scares me a little, but our training staff is perfect for him, best in the league by far so it may be worth the risk
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::Watch them leave at the same time since the Cuse board is calming down.
USC Chrogans::Why would Kentucky fans even be on a Sacramento board? Is it because we have two of your players (who are garbage) and your team was bounced in the $@%!$@% NIT??   LMAO
kyleharris55::If you want attention the SAC-PHO board is not the best place to find it. You might be the worst troll I've seen.
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::More than two?
USC Chrogans::BOUNCED IN THE FIRST ROUND OF THE NIT.
UKWildcats2904::Yeah good luck with the whole gay rights shiiit.  I mean damn you're really one of those fagggots? LOL  Cya pusssy
USC Chrogans::lol So mad.
UKWildcats2904::Same response lol  So Pathetic
UKWildcats2904::Wel Im out cya guys.   Cya fagggot.....Stop taking it up the assss tooo. Kind of embarrassing to be saying that on here.  Maybe find a job too. Know what that is? No its not sucking guyss off for cash
USC Chrogans::LOL I finally hurt his feelings too much. hahaha.. Sorry, dude. Good look with keeping it in the family.
kyleharris55::Burn
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::Back story. There is a Cuse fan who really despises the Cats.   He has created two accounts: One horrible fan from a team and another UK fan.  They fight constantly. Make racist comments and do whatever that will generally disturb other posters.  It's disturbing all around and it's one poster.
USC Chrogans::LMAO @ all the inbred Kentucky fans on a Sacramento board. This is funny.
UKWildcats2904::Well I'm out cya guys   Cya fagggot....And stop taking it up the assss....Not good for you.  And try helping out your terrible economy and get a job gayy boy
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::I can't believe you have made two accounts again Garbage. you are the worst of the worst.
UKWildcats2904::Guys just let his fagggot talk to himself all night. Hes just looking for some other guy to hook up with.  You've really embarrassed yourself and LA tonight.  gay rights? LOL
USC Chrogans::Breathe, troll.... breathe. LOL
kyleharris55::Your life must suck.
USC Chrogans::Wow, UKwildcats2904, I didn't realize how mad I have made you.... Calm down. I am sure your sister is lovely and you guys have a great relationship. Don't have a stroke, ok?
fred66121::Both of you guys need to just chill and relax. Get off the board...watch a good movie...and come back tomorrow. You guys are taking things to seriously.
UKWildcats2904::Looks like this little boy hasn't got his daily supply up diick up his $@%!  Damn you fagggs in Cali are embarrassing to this country.
USC Chrogans::I just imagine that being dirt poor, toothless, uneducated, inbred and just ugly all the way around is a hard life....  I am sorry guys. I apologize. You guys have a hard life.
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::Where is your life? You've been ripping the state of KY for the last three hours.
UKWildcats2904::better than taking it up that asssss every night fagggot  Gay rights? lololol
USC Chrogans::lol Ah, more anger. UK boy is so mad right now. hahaha
kyleharris55::Nope
fred66121::USC- take it easy...you are getting to worked up...its only a sports board. relax
UKWildcats2904::Gays tend to get worked up.
USC Chrogans::I know you are all poor too. I didn't want to bring that up though.
kyleharris55::Seeking a college education so I can do something with my life. Something you could learn from.
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::People with low self esteem project their issues through bullying. Losing your house?
USC Chrogans::Hey Kentucky fans, is it awkward after screwing your family members, or are you guys used to it by now? Honest question. Try not to get mad.
kyleharris55::Horrible generalization. Great show of class.
UKWildcats2904::Do you like taking it up the buttt by other guys in Cali?  Honest question. try not and get horrrny fagggboy
UKWildcats2904::Wait you're you not a Mexican?  You're a little boy who wears rainbow colors and support gay pride?  LMAO!!!  Just stop talking fagggot.
kyleharris55::Where the Kings gonna be next season?
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::DMC is going to be in Boston.
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::It's truly wishful thinking. He just needs the right coach to knock him on the side of the head.
kyleharris55::I'd love to see him some where he can flourish into a star but I think that might be a little wishful thinking.
Quincy Miller 30::I saw Cousins dunk on Haddadi. He forgot to bow after...
USC Chrogans::LMAOOOOO SO MAD.
fred66121::calm down, princess
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::This seems like the Garbage v. UKBABBY fights from last year. Way too similar.
fred66121::USC-you seem like the only one upset...the rest of us are relaxed. lmao
fred66121::USC wants to make hick jokes so you dont make fun of him wanting to be with other men.
USC Chrogans::Fred, you have the spelling and grammar ability of a 5 year old. Stop embarrassing yourself, please.
UKWildcats2904::lol what a fagggot this LA kid is.
USC Chrogans::You guys are way too mad. lol...Very amusing. Cry hicks, cry...... hahahahahahahaha
UKWildcats2904::Same response again lol   Anything new?
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::This has to be the Garbage tool.
USC Chrogans::Remember the movie The Deliverance when the gay hillbillies in Kentucky were raping other men on a fishing trip??  LMAO.. you toothless, ugly, uneducated hicks also pack fudge. lol  CRYYYY
UKWildcats2904::I can't believe you're one of those gay fagggots with rainbow colors in LA voting or  Gay Pride  How embarrassing.
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::You need to visit the state of KY.
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::Rondo Bradley Green Smith Cousins  DYNASTY
UKWildcats2904::Well time to go.....This guys been fun to fuccck with.  Word of advice.....Stop embarrassing yourself and think before you type.
USC Chrogans::Fred, you are a tool...... California has voted down gay marriage every single time in state history.  The supreme court is over turning it, tool. That means he is going against what California voted for.  lol Idiots on this board.
fred66121::Uh uh..thats why it got passed as law...because Cali voted it down...you sound like youre hiding your true sexuality.
UKWildcats2904::Oh, this guy is one of those fagggots too lol  Damn I feel bad for you.
fred66121::Is there anything worse than a closet gay in Cali that tries to make hick jokes?
UKWildcats2904::Do you say anything else?  LOL UGLY chicks so mad........Good one....
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::For the love of Celtic Green, please let the C's get DMC.
MafiosoSpaghetti::now $@%! off suns. ugly game
