CaptainClaw777::Yes. to the facts so you are saying Lebron is doing all layups and dunks. Lebron is killing it on jumpers according to Synergy Sports tracking, James has shot 92 jumpers of the catch-and-shoot variety this season. He's made 48.9 percent of those attempts. When we account for the extra value of a 3-point shot, we find that he's posted an effective field goal percentage of 68.5 percent on those shots. he is also shooting over 70% from the free throw line. Lebron es en fuego.
Demoted::92 jumpers over a 60 game span.
CaptainClaw777::I think the aberration is that the Lakers lost earlier in the season due to injuries. Now you are seeing what they are made of. I sill don't think they should be the Showtime Lakers and run. They should walk it up and make sure they don't turn the ball over. Lakers should then get back on defense to keep the team fresh by running half court sets not by trading baskets.
cdavisj24::The Lakers will be back under 500 Tuesday night so who the $@%! cares.. They played one good team since the allstar break and averaged 30 free throws and still struggled to win.. Just Terrible
Axe Radio::The Lakers turnaround has been nothing short of spectacular. A few weeks ago L.A. was 17-26 and left for dead and screams to trade Dwight Howard were loud n' clear! When you consider they had a coaching change, half the teams roster has never played together and they've had to deal with injuries out of the gate to Nash and Blake, Howard coming to a new team after back surgery and Pao Gasol injured off and on mentally and physically, the fact the Lakers are 30-30 right now is astonishing.  ESPN no longer trashes them every night and nor are they questioning Howard's toughness because he's playing with a bad shoulder and a suspect back. The most important thing is the Lakers are 13-4 in their last 17 games and on pace to win 47 which should make Kobe Bryant's guarantee of making the playoffs a reality.  The Lakers will be the team in the first round nobody wants to face! Remember, it's not how you start, it's how you finish and the Lakers are finishing fine! - Footlong Flanagan of Axe Radio.com
Eatin Turnips::lol
EliteBaller69::the season is not over so you cant say they are finshing well, the season still has 25 games left $@%!$@%
cdavisj24::30 free throws a game will do that for you..they still won't make the playoffs so u just said all of that for nothin
Eli Mannings extra chromosome::Lakers still wont make the playoffs...
jrosborough08::This Lakers team is on their way to a playoff spot. Once there they ARE capable of beating EVERY team!!
Emil4617::even the worst team can beat any team on any given day,not that it always happens. maybe the Lakers make the playoffs more power to them,But what was your point? Like I said any team can beat every team,but does not always happen that is sports.
ambone44::Kobe still the best at 34 years old. Lebron wont be this good when he is 34
jrosborough08::IDK about the best 34 years old. But he's showed some stuff we hadn't seen in years!!
Emil4617::what have we not seen in years? saw the dunk over and over from different angles,nothing new. saw them play well,pass well teamwork and so forth. see it year after year,i mean there are many games in a season we see it all. not trying to cut you down but there is nothing new or something we have not seen in years.
YankeeGod70::Best @ What?! Lebron &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;for YEARS now!!!
YankeeGod70::Kobe's on PEDS.... playing "five years younger"
BroncosCelticsAllDay::Word up
Howard3445::Kobe decided to be the leader they built around.
beverly.pouget::Well that screwed everything up
Daytona_600::The Lakers make it to 500 and its gets a story, the Heat, OKC, Spurs, Clips all those good teams were 500 before the season started lol
Daytona_600::500 means nothing for the Lakers, they shouldve been there, we arent talking about the Bobcats here
forthehaters::It's because EVERYONE said the Lakers would never make 500
My 3000gt is TT::Never make 500? All people were talking about is how they were going to tear it up in the West and be a challenger to the Heat. Glad making 500 was such a big accomplishment. Lebron makes it to the finals his first yr w/ the Heat and gets trashed on for not winning it all lol.
Lakers_R_garbage_Fact::the Lakers barley made it to .500 and the fans act like they are about to win it this year. lol . what are you guys  going to do when they go back below .500?     still delusional i see!
forthehaters::Well you gotta get to 500 to have a chance at the playoffs
jamohdanoh::its not the getting back to 500 as much as it is getting to playoffs .  lakers would rather be in 8th seed with whole starting lineup out injured versus losoing to be a better odds with lottery
forthehaters::Heck as the Greatest Franchise In NBA History with 16 titles, and one of the GREATEST PLAYERS ever, i would hate them too because my team sucks and we won nothing
forthehaters::Well, the Lakers were never suppose to make it to 500, and you have to make it to 500 to make it to the playoffs. You act like the season is over tomorrow.
My 3000gt is TT::"The Lakers were never suppose to make it to 500"...  lol I can only imagine what you were saying on these forums before the season started.
forthehaters::I am so sick of the Lakers. I'm tired of their 16 championships. I'm tired of Kobe Bryant. I'm tired of the Lakers being the reason, my team goes nowhere. I'm mad because Nash went to the Lakers. I'm mad because Howard went to the Lakers. I'm mad because Jamison went to the Lakers. I'm mad because the Lakers are playing better. I'm mad because the Lakers are not suppose to make the playoffs. I'm mad because the Lakers were NEVER suppose to reach 500. The Lakers need to get out! Hey Stern, WHAT ABOUT MY TEAM? This isn't fair to me. It's all about me  - ESPN Conversationalist Hater Posse
forthehaters::Yeah, the Lakers suck!
jamohdanoh::the key formula as a fan of the team is to have an owner with a big enough ego to demand a winner however lacking the ego to want to make the personnel decisions to hire a guy who is good at it.  .  for example dallas cowboys is a bad formula cause jerry also wants to make gm decisions.
Moiymcj::lmfao
Daytona_600::the Lakers arent giving reasons to hate them here the last few years, im starting to like them, and I dont like that
beverly.pouget::I hate the lakers too.
lasportsfanforlife24::people thinking kobe is on drugs have u checked lebald peds much
Daytona_600::I hate the Lakers, ill admit it, I hope they make the playoffs, I need to see them get wrecked in the playoffs, getting beat all season long means little compared to getting completely waxed in the playoffs.
forthehaters::Yeah, they lose ALOT in the playoffs on top of the 16 NBA Championships
Howard3445::maybe so but some of the favorites have a history of fading in the playoffs like San Antonio gets tired just dont want OK city.....the rest are beatable
forthehaters::Just remember the regular season is a completely different ball game vs the Post season
Daytona_600::yep, I do remember thats why its so awesome to see them lose.
forthehaters::Why is this OLD Laker team defeating these YOUNGER teams? According to everyone here, The YOUNGER teams are suppose to RUN ALL OVER the OLD LAKERS
forthehaters::They miss Jordan Hill
jamohdanoh::beacause the lakers played like a very old team the first 40 games.  also as much as i think pau is talented injecting earl clark has been huge.  he is energy and brings a higher tempo and reserves like blake chipping in and moving the ball.  kobe also adding the word pass to his vocabulary.  it is that simple
jamohdanoh::next game versus okc and i'm already predicting METTA AND IBAKA getting into a scrap
.loves 2 spooge.::Perkins maybe also lol
jamohdanoh::your right he is ornery suspect #2 on that team
jamohdanoh::hey kobe haters how did you like that game..
forthehaters::Honestly, it's because Korver doesn't know the pick and roll. He's a spot up shooter
jamohdanoh::i do have to say that why didnt the hawks get more pick n roll with devin harris and korver at end of game
forthehaters::Gosh dangit..the Hawks were suppose to blow out the Lakers. C'mon, the Hawks are so much younger
forthehaters::First it's "the Lakers won't make the playoffs", then it's "the Lakers won't make 500". Now it's "Kobe had some kind of miracle drugs given to him to play at such a high level"...really? What's your next excuse? Wait, blame the refs right?
forthehaters::I said 16, not 18...regardless, they are playing much better winning games. A W is a W no matter what. According to everyone here, the Lakers are not suppose to be winning games, and they were NEVER suppose to make it to 500
CHEIII::They're 11-5 in their last 16.   And as for the ludicrous suggestion that "everyone here" was saying they'd NEVER make it to .500?  For one, it certainly wasn't everyone. Two, use common sense.  Overcoming a 3 game deficit at the halfway point is cake - did you ever think it was just a bunch of message board hacks saying as much just to get their kicks and get a rise out of Laker fans?
forthehaters::The Lakers are one of the top 3 oldest teams in the NBA. Every team they have played is younger, yet the Lakers are winning games vs these younger teams. 13-3 their last 16
Benefits Of The Truth::13 - 5
beverly.pouget::No, they are still going to lose because they are an old team who can't keep up with the younger teams.  And they are not that good.    Let me make it clear in this treatment there are NO drugs used.
forthehaters::What the heck is all this?  The Lakers are not suppose to make the playoffs. The Lakers are not suppose to be 500. The Lakers were not suppose to beat ATL!! What the heck ATL, why can't you beat the sorry Lakers. C'mon Josh Smith..you're much younger than Kobrick. Why do you let him dunk on you? Kobe sucks
DanHalen880::i'm annoyed that josh smith has the game in his hands with under 5 seconds...but instead of finishing?  He bobbles it and literally throws the game away. Max contract? if i'm a GM, i'm saving this highlight.  i'm also annoyed that the hawks lost yet another close (but very winnable) road game.
beverly.pouget::Well there is a reason why Kobe acts younger when he is playing basketball, it is called " BiologicTreatments". It comes from RPR Regenokine Therapy.  You can google that and it gives all the facts.  Kobe goes to Germany to get the treatments.  The LA Newspaper along with others have reported this. There are no steroids used .  They use your own blood to help the arthritic parts of the body.
forthehaters::Woah, first off according to everyone like you...The Lakers are not suppose to make the playoffs, they weren't suppose to reach 500. The next excuse is a first round exit? What after that? Blame the refs right?
Lakers_R_garbage_Fact::they wont make the playoffs and if they do, I smell a first round exit.
forthehaters::Don't forget his drive to succeed. Denies failure.  There isn't anyone in the league with a better work ethic than Kobe
scabbfan::Instead of all news on kobe leading most talented team in NBA to 9th seed, how about.. Investigative reporting on kobe's rejuvination since visits these last years to Germany for therapy? NBA looks the other way just like MLB looked the other way on Bonds. kobe is Dirty.
forthehaters::You can take all the steroids in the world, but if the hard work and nutrition is not there to support it, you WILL FAIL. You probably also think "here take this fat burner pill, and you will lose weight with no diet and exercise"  It amazes me how UNEDUCATED people are on steroids. They buy what the media sells them
sternshot44::you mean you dont just take steroids and grow muscles? you actually have to do something?
sternshot44::its called training and conditioning healthy eating maybe if you got your fat a$$ up off the couch you could learn something
ambone44::Preach, sternshot44. Get your fat a$$'s off the couch
sternshot44::if anyone is a candidate for roid usage its Lebron i mean look at him
sternshot44::well kobe isnt magically huge like bonds became over his career. and i doubt he is doping. its not like he hasnt declined physically we have all seen right in front of us that he clearly has. but just because he has a surge of energy and youthfulness the skeptics automatically assume steroids...they are professional athletes that means its their job to do nothing but work out and train
zZSmOkIn-KuSh24Zz::scabbfan - That's what Armstrong, Bonds &amp; every steroid user has used as the cover...how hard they train &amp; eat. Hahahahhahahahha  ok than now tell me why Lebron hasnt got any injuries huh...that seems pretty suspicious to me also
scabbfan::That's what Armstrong, Bonds &amp; every steroid user has used as the cover...how hard they train &amp; eat. Hahahahhahahahha
walle D_ D::well the lakers aren't going catch the rockets, but the jazz and earriors are slowly killing themseleves at the moment.
Emil4617::If some of you feel that theses games are fixed and the nba is lame,then why do you even bother watching? Simple solution QUIT watching. Personally I have been upset with Lakers over the years but I like to watch ball games even if it leads to frustration. Hope to see many more good games from the Lakers and the rest of the league. Good luck to your team whoever it may be.
BKNets123456::how was this rigged please explain
Daveb1232::Kobe....Kobe passed??!?
DoctorScreamer100::Kobe takes 50 f(##ing steps to sink the last basket.  No word on this from the press.  Unreal.
jasonlieb24::LOL i like you man. u make me giggle. but ur  slippery slope rhetoric of the nba is going to die etc etc etc, ur gona make people nervous is all im saying. just stick with complaining about how they call travels on everyone but kobe. and how its gona b kobe v lebron in the finals bc last yr they had ratings so d stern told the refs to get the 8 seed lakers to the finals by beating spurs, okc, clips in succession. maybe stern will come out w a book one day on how he made all the refs stay mute about it
JEGRAY53::2 steps watch the video
CaptainClaw777::The referees are from the WWF.
DoctorScreamer100::After last year, Stern wasn't happy with the OKC ratings.  The NBA is a sinking ship, and they're desperate as hell now.
jasonlieb24::ya everyone says that every year and weve never had a kobe lebron finals once! tell me you know this!
DoctorScreamer100::He took 3-4.  Don't worry - the refs would never call it, because they're getting paid to do things like that.  Remember - Stern HAS to have a Lakers/Heat final this year.  That's how it rolls.  Tell me you knew.
DanHalen880::hawks fan here. he did not walk.
jasonlieb24::he did?
CaptainClaw777::21 turnovers against a bad Atlanta team. I predict more than double that if the Lakers are this sloppy in OKC.
CaptainClaw777::Jason, Your opinion is your opinion. Too bad I never see any facts.
ruiz_luis::So now the hawks are bad?
jasonlieb24::no insults here, ive seen u on here constantly trolling haha. what do u do? who r u? why do the lakers get u so riled up? im intriuged by u. did u have a favorite team growing up that the lakers beat? r u anti establishment? u like the underdog role? give me some info
CaptainClaw777::57. LA sets the record tomorrow night.
jasonlieb24::more than 42 turnovers in 1 game? for that would be a record
Rod5774::"The lakers are back to .500, let's celebrate"  -ESPN-
forthehaters::Don't forget EVERYONE here said the Lakers won't make the playoffs, nor NEVER reach 500...So far Lakers won 13 out of 16
ruiz_luis::The only 2 games that are tough this month are okc n Indy.  Unless you think Orlando, Phoenix, pelicans are tough
jasonlieb24::so true. and if you look at the lakers april schedule, a lot of "cupcakes". i think lakers will be 42-32, 41-33 heading into may
walle D_ D::not in your dreams, most likely 38-36 at best, no way they when 12 of their next 14 games.
CaptainClaw777::At the end of the first Atlanta reeled off 8 points off LA turnovers and then a 13-2 run at the end of the third.  LA barely won because they kept turning the ball over. Now you can attack me with your stupid comments or face reality. OKC is going to run LA into the ground if they handle the ball as poorly as they did this game.
jasonlieb24::this is very true. lakers need to slow down their pace of play and make it a half court game. if they try and run n gun w em, game ova, especially in okc
NBASPORTSFAN101::Gasol will likely be back close or during to the playoffs
CaptainClaw777::I hope Marc leads them to victory.
NBASPORTSFAN101::tomarrow is gonna be a good test for thee Lakers, but they still are playing without Gasol. if Gasol was in the lineup, i think the Lakers would be playing much better.
kane FTW::I still dont get why the title says lakers sink the hawks.......
jasonlieb24::they chose the specific title name bc lakers make espn money ? who r u? where do u people come from?
jasonlieb24::haha ^ what??
DoctorScreamer100::Because LA makes ESPN money.  Not as much as NYC/Boston, but that's how it is.
lasportsfanforlife24::be on notice if the lakers win tomorrow i will officially say they are back
lasportsfanforlife24::ya bro
NBASPORTSFAN101::i would say so also
CaptainClaw777::My guess is the Lakers will lose 57 turnovers in OKC.
CaptainClaw777::I bet you don't even know how many times LA turned the ball over against Atlanta.
BRUWINS86::I bet you guess alot dont you? Just like on your SAT's; on whether the baby was your or not; on which cousin you should have sex with; what bus you should take to the methadone clinic etc...........
CaptainClaw777::You will see what a young team running does to an old team.
JEGRAY53::My guess is you're 12.
BRUWINS86::All the hate for the Lakes FROM YOU JEALOUS FREAKS will ony bring Laker nation together!
CaptainClaw777::Well, for now, the clouds have parted in LA.
JEGRAY53::Bulls haven't won since Jordan retired. D.Rose = A.I.
CaptainClaw777::Can well have a bull photo bomb?
jordan8510::LMFAO
BRUWINS86::Go Bulls. ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Taserlitties8::blake griffin is really ugly kind of like an ape...crawford is his monkey cousin...caron butler looks like a beat up japanese girl..deandre jordan's eyes are WAY too close together it's probably the reason for his terrible free throw shooting..  BOTTOM LINE: CLIPS ARE UGLY, KOBE IS SEXIER THAN ALL OF THEM SO THEREFORE LAKERS WILL WIN A SEVEN GAME SERIES
Taserlitties8::HOW IS THAT RACIST?! COMPARING THEM TO ANIMALS? ITS MEAN BUT ITS NOT RACIST I NEVER MENTIONED RACE AT ALL BUT OK HERE I WILL MENTION RACE KOBE IS BLACK AND SUPER SEXY
BRUWINS86::Referring to african american people as looking like monkeys is racist in it's content.
CaptainClaw777::Kobe might cheat with you.
BRUWINS86::Pleas choose another team to cheer for with racist comments like that!
CaptainClaw777::Is that Kobe steak here at The Ivy worth the $40?
BRUWINS86::"MAMBA LEGACY"   Your a coward for not repping who your team is  Your a hater like many of the other jealous people who fail to admire and respect te greatness Kobe and the Laker orginization stands for.  And most of all your a sad little man.
CaptainClaw777::Stone Cold Steve Nash.
jordan8510::30-30 with howard and nash......such awesome greatness!!! LOL
BRUWINS86::Everybody is close to 100% now thats why were playing the 3rd best basketball since the break; Man you gys are dumb arsses
JEGRAY53::A month ago you were typing 17-25.
jordan8510::LOL at fakers who think they can take on the thunder,spurs or clippers over a 7 game series!!!
forthehaters::Regular season is a completely different ball game vs the Post season
BRUWINS86::Go Bulls!!!!!!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
CaptainClaw777::LOL. Looking at Clippers in today's news.
jordan8510::the same clippers who destroyed your lakers by 24 points? LMAO
seemoney16::Laker nation blows
CaptainClaw777::You've met them?
BRUWINS86::Blows cash on all the money we won over the years!
NBASPORTSFAN101::joe 1138 2056  he's out minimum three weeks. ============================ Gasol is already up on his feet doingg exercises. i think he could have a fast recovery but we will see. im sure Gary Vitti is working overtime.
joe 1138 2056::exercising is a lot different than game participation.
The Unemployed Mamba Legacy::The Lakers aren't even front page anymore.
CaptainClaw777::They are at ESPN.
BRUWINS86::Lakers are always front page news sister, even when we are 30 -30 were on the front page!
JEGRAY53::You're here they must be.
Taserlitties8::I wonder why people come to this page if theyre not Lakers or Altlanta Hawks fans  If you're coming here just to insult or criticize you're not going to get anywhere...BECAUSE THIS IS LAKERNATION BABY WTF ARE YOU DOING HERE YOU'RE WASTING VALUABLE TIME YOU COULD BE $@%!$@% YOURSELF
Taserlitties8::ahh ok you can be here
CaptainClaw777::I am a fan of the Laker girls.
Taserlitties8::a nation may refer to a community of people who share a common language, culture, ethnicity, descent, or history..just people who are fans of the lakers joe the ho with an ugly afro
Taserlitties8::do i really need to explain that..
joe 1138 2056::you just called it a "nation". that sounds like an open invitation to the whole country.
CaptainClaw777::LeBron en fuego:  Points	27.1 Rebounds	8.2 Assists	7.3 FG%  56.3 !!
CaptainClaw777::Lets be factual. He is mostly doing it with jumpers and not layups or dunks. Look it up or shut it up.
jasonlieb24::hes def a better shooter then he used to be. give the man his due. but he gets a lot of lay ups and dunks. so lets also be factual about that as well.
CaptainClaw777::You wish but you'd be wrong.
JEGRAY53::Watch the games.
JEGRAY53::Mostly on dunks.
jordan8510::Steven A Smith...........................wow the lakers finally get to .500 after 60 games......lets break out the champagne!!! LMFAO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
joe 1138 2056::for each exclamation mark, you lose another brain cell. dude. you're on borrowed time.
joe 1138 2056::okay. miss. my apologies.
jordan8510::dude?LMFAO!!!
seemoney16::im sure skip is on the bandwagon
NBASPORTSFAN101::Lakers have been playing well. they could upset if Gasol comes back.
joe 1138 2056::he's out minimum three weeks.
The Unemployed Mamba Legacy::"Oh no!  It's Killer Kobe!  Don't make him mad!  Lookout everyone!" - Kobe Fans  Some people are killers and some people just love to kill killers.  Which one are you?
FishingWithFredo::"We have positively identified the victim as The Unemployed Mamba Legacy. His dental records were compared to the teeth impressions left on LeBron James' penís and they were a perfect match."  -spokesman for the Miami/Dade County Police Department
BRUWINS86::What grade did you complete? My guess is 8th!
jordan8510::2013 La fakers...............biggest joke in the history of the nba!!!! FACT!
BRUWINS86::Jordan leaving basketball and playing baseball becuase the Chicago mob was going to kill him like they did his father was the biggest and  saddest joke!
joe 1138 2056::winning 13 of 18 is not a joke.
