Eric Lopez::The Clippers Defense are improving. The Clippers are showing some kind of improvement of their Defense. The Clippers wins this one 109-93. Go Clipps!
David Kim::Sorry, even Clippers' offense isn't capable of scoring over 100 points against our defense at home.
Dexter Jackson::David Kim REGARDLESS CLIPS WIN BY 7 OR MORE
Debra Williams::Start working from home as of today... You can work for 3-5 hours a day and earn $3000 a week... Weekly payments, simple job for which you only need a computer and a reliable internet connection>Sign up today on following website and get your first paycheck by the end of this week >>   WWW.WAMJOBS.COM
Debra Williams::Start working from home as of today... You can work for 3-5 hours a day and earn $3000 a week... Weekly payments, simple job for which you only need a computer and a reliable internet connection>Sign up today on following website and get your first paycheck by the end of this week >>   WWW.WAMJOBS.COM
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Celtics showcasing one of NBA's least talented teams in all of basketball this quarter. Its bad when your best player is Jeff Green.
Thomas O'Neal::yawn
Andrew Brown::Hahahaha ok
Chelo Mejias::You look like Jonathan Martin..and cry like him too
Timmy Belles::these Celtic commentators are simply the worst in professional sports
Jacob Machuca::Yup. Pathetic unprofessional commentators. Tommy heinsohn should retire already
Kevin Meagher::God, how bitter are Boston fans....jesus christ.   DOC didn't quit...RAY ALLEN quit!   It was the end of an era last year and they were moving forward. KG and Pierce were out. Done contracts and were told to look elsewhere....you CANNOT hate on a coach for not wanting to start allllllll over again. My god. Get over yourselves you losers. Celtics were relevant for what...3 years? STFU.
Chelo Mejias::Who the hell was bitter??? they were cheering for him dummy
Chelo Mejias::Celtics made it to 2 finals in 5 years together...so you stfu you piece of garbage
Thomas O'Neal::Who is this dude talking to? lmao. There wasn't a boo in the crowd.
Mike Bird Munger::LOL@ THESE REFS!!!  THE WHOLE WORLD KNOWS THE CLIPPERS ARE NOTHING BUT FLOPPERS AND THE REFS STILL INTENTIONALLY SCREW THE CELTICS ON CALLS!!
Jdzspace Espn::good to see you bro....long time no talk :)
Mike Bird Munger::Jdzspace Espn Yeah man...I hate how they changed the conversation boards here.
Jdzspace Espn::Mike Bird Munger - yeah, I don't even know who is who anymore. though I imagine that Keith migrated to the Brooklyn fanbase .........never even got to say goodbye to the guy. wonder if the old guys are even around anymore
Chelo Mejias::Clippers have only commited 5 fouls since halfway through the 2nd quarter...something smells fishy
Addison Stewart::Lmao same crying loss after loss!
Chelo Mejias::Ok refs, try not take make it anymore obvious you want the clippers to win
Angel Payano::Ive never seen a so many people complain about the refs more than these last couple of years
Mike Bird Munger::ONCE AGAIN THE REFS TAKE OVER AND MAKE SURE WE GET SCREWED!!!
Mike Burke::Cry more. Celtics suck.
Mike Bird Munger::Mike Burke LOL says the guy with the team nobody gives a crap about in his picture.  HOCKEY sucks dude.
Jdzspace Espn::CRAWFORD ON CRAWFORD VIOLENCE!!!!
Jeff Brown::Doc. vs. Doc's ghost.
David Kim::Or Doc vs a potentially better coach.
Ali Lukie Ozeir::David Kim LOL Yeah right Doc is the best Coach in the NBA. David Kim LOL Nice name
Chelo Mejias::Ali Lukie Ozeir   Where were you before the game? bandwagon fan lol
Michael Brown::For those of us who used to sneak into the old Boston garden and hide in the walls by the heating pipes to watch Russell and Sam Jones, and then Bobby Orr and Espo on the ice...it's true there is a certain thing in Boston about winning even if you don't have the best talent. This team may end up horrible like Simmons is telling them is the reason to go and to tank, but they look like they've got enough to make a game of it (or better) every night. So hey boys, you've got the blessings of at least some of the elders - go for it!
Chad Everett Dooley::certain thing in Boston about winning even if you don't have the best talent???  Sounds like every other competitive sports town, not what differentiates you from anybody else.....in other words, nothing here that makes you more special than anybody else.  Every fan will argue "the biggest heart" argument until the cows come home.
Jdzspace Espn::i really didn't want us to get swept on reunion week....but it looks like that is how it could shake out.......young, rebuilding team missing our all-star point guard.....reserve judgement until the team is whole again. ...and it's not 100% over tonight....still got a shot....not a very good one, but a shot none the less!!
Ali Lukie Ozeir::Your team Stinks and should Tank and get one of these Franchise players or you will end up regretting it for the rest of your life. There is going to be 3 great players coming out of this draft and 2 Good players you better get 1 of them.
Casiano Servaz Tubana III::Ali Lukie Ozeir derp derp derp...
Daniel Wright::the celtics are the greatest thing in sporting history, even when the odds are stacked against them and there squad equals to squat they still insist on winning and not tanking and losing pride and dignity
Chelo Mejias::That's why they will never be an easy victory
Mike Burke::Um...no.
Scott Struble::This is why 12 yr olds do not write history books.
Dexter Jackson::CLIPS GONNA OPEN THIS GAME UP IN THE THIRD... GONNA COME OUT FIRING
Al-Jaleel Sawab::It was funny to see Celtics Old Friends beat them yesterday
Chelo Mejias::Why was it funny? Brooklyn had Deron Williams back. What's funny is that the Celtics are still in first place and Brooklyn acted like they won the NBA title
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Celtic fans happy with being 10-13 and below .500
Chelo Mejias::Without Rondo, Olynk, Humphries for tonight...every sports writer and ESPN analyst making jokes about our team.... ya, we're proud to be in first place...not our fault the other teams in our divison are garbage
Ali Lukie Ozeir::Chelo Mejias Your team STINKS!
Chelo Mejias::Ali Lukie Ozeir   1st place little girl, first place
SirBeast Fiftybuc::clippers truly playin down to the celtics
Ali Lukie Ozeir::1st of all Stephen Jackson has a lot of Respect for Doc Rivers and Chris Paul he understands this is probably his last chance at playing in the NBA once he was cut from the Spurs no one signed him in the off season he isn't stupid he knows that.The Clippers needed a SF who will play Aggressive Defense with all the Injuries the Clippers had a SF they signed the best SF out in the Free Agent Market.What i like about Jackson is that he is big at 6'8 he also plays good Physical Defense and doesn't back down from anyone he will be used just like the Spurs used him he was put on the teams best player he will be guarding players like Kobe,KD,James,Gay,Barnes etc. The Clippers Defense is playing great the past 13 games holding teams under 100 Points all 13 games and ranked 3 in Defensive Rating the past 13 games.The Clippers definitey miss JJ Redick you can tell there offense isn't the same without him but thank god for Jamal Crawford who should've won the 6th man of the year award last season and will win it this year
Victor Aguilera::They still have a BIG hole in middle and his initials are DJ.
Will Friedrichs::Victor Aguilera Pay attention and watch the games knucklehead. Sure his FT's are problem, but pay attention to everything else and quit your un-educated opinion.
Lavender West::Well Clipper fans, enjoy watching Stephen Jackson shoot 35% then whine that he isn't getting enough minutes.  If Pop and the Spurs couldn't keep him under control I can only imagine what happens on a team without strong veteran leaders.
Brett Lane::pretty sure it will be just fine or they will cut em
Ali Lukie Ozeir::1st of all Stephen Jackson has a lot of Respect for Doc Rivers and Chris Paul he understands this is probably his last chance at playing in the NBA once he was cut from the Spurs no one signed him in the off season he isn't stupid he knows that.The Clippers needed a SF who will play Aggressive Defense with all the Injuries the Clippers had a SF they signed the best SF out in the Free Agent Market.What i like about Jackson is that he is big at 6'8 he also plays good Physical Defense and doesn't back down from anyone he will be used just like the Spurs used him he was put on the teams best player he will be guarding players like Kobe,KD,James,Gay,Barnes etc. The Clippers Defense is playing great the past 13 games holding teams under 100 Points all 13 games and ranked 3 in Defensive Rating the past 13 games.The Clippers definitey miss JJ Redick you can tell there offense isn't the same without him but thank god for Jamal Crawford who should've won the 6th man of the year award last season and will win it this year.
John Osaki Jr.::Chris Paul could be the MVP this year! Big-time CP3 fans, checkout the new edition 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Mike Bird Munger::WITHOUT THE REFS.....THE CLIPPERS WERE AWFUL.  ONCE THE REFS TOOK OVER, THE CLIPPERS "MAGICALLY" STARTED PLAYING BETTER.  WHAT A FRIGGING SHOCK.
SirBeast Fiftybuc::yea right refs help crawford nail those 2 big 3's down the stretch right?
Chelo Mejias::Since Halftime....Celtics 13 fouls...Clippers 4...hard to ignore such blatant one sided officiating
James Belandres::the god awful clippers finally played decently for a half  would've been a shame for doc to lose coming back to the garden full of moron boston fans
Shek Leone::and this is why clippers will never be taken serious bunch of lazy arrogant selfish players playing down to the nobody celtics.
Chelo Mejias::You can't play down to a team you haven't faced this year. Especially since this is a back to back for the c's
Jake Pool::Talent wise the clips are playing way down,they don't play okc or gs like this,celts blo w and everyone knows iT
Ali Lukie Ozeir::The Clippers are not playing great everyone knows that but i am seeing them get better every week.There past 13 games there Defense was ranked 3rd in the NBA also the past 13 games they didn't allow 1 team to score 100 points  the past 13 games. The Clippers Offense doesn't look good because JJ has been hurt that's a Huge Blow he was scoring 16 points a game and was playing great.When JJ was healthy the Clippers had the #1 Offense now that he is hurt the Clippers Defense has Stepped up. Give them time and relax there in a new system and have a New HC Cp3 is having one of his best seasons and should win the MVP Award.
