Chris M::The bench need to get more minute - Trob and McCollum (as soon as he is healthy), or these guys will wear out as the seasons progresses.  We can not have 5 starter playing nearly 40 minutes a game like this.  I know they were not as good last year, but I truly believe the losing streak at the end of the season was a direct result of worn out bodies.
Tony::So, Miami beats the Blazers on a desperation last shot, and then we beat Okc there, the Blazers are for real people.
No Name::I will say it again, until OKC replaces the two scrubs in their starting lineup, they will continue to blow games and leads.  Kendrick Perkins played 28 minutes, scored 2 points with 4 rebs, yet he acts like he's a All Pro player.  Thabo S scored 4 points and he is a scrub. It's time to start Adams and sit Perkins down for good. Also, replace Thabo with Lamb. Reggie Jackson makes poor decisions in close games.
I State Facts And You Get Mad::0 - 4 and 1 point in the 4th but the media will give him a free pass just like they did last season in the playoffs vs the Grizz...
Joe::Losing two in a row in the final second of the game will leave Portland hungry for a much deserved win.  It's time to bring Robinson back off the bench and leave Leonard in his warm ups.
MasonThrope::I saw the game in puddletown which Westbrook singlehandedly LOST for the thunder when he started trash talking Wesley and Damian and then proceeded to throw up 8 bricks in a row while he went on his own personal ego trip.  That guy needs to grow up b4 the thunder will ever win a title.
another1::Next year Meyers Leonard should be switching places with Lopez.  His offense production is lame.
Big Wampum::Good job Joey Crawford, you probably had a Portland jersey under your ref shirt.
Malicong::Portland has no depth and coming off a very hard fought game last night in which their 4 primary players logged near 40 mins is going to make for some tired legs. I wouldn't be surprised to see the 50 3's they shoot per game hitting the front iron. Should be a good game.  Rise together and THUNDER UP!
DARRYL ANTHONY JACKSON::Portland playing with Big Boys. Fall back to reality.
