MavsHater4ever::Good win for the Clippers. Tough road loss for the Spurs. The Spurs will win vs Clippers at home and also in a seven game series hands down. Bump in the road for the Spurs. Clippers still have Vinnie del Negro as coach, not good at all.
86Myke::The spurs if theyre main three ( Parker, Manu, Duncan ) can stay healthy will always have a chance in the playoffs because of coaching, and exeprience. Last night showed how the clippers have improved on some many elements of their game. The D looked good for the first time this year, our bench comes out swinging (looking to score) and we have much more depth than we had a year ago. Our front court will make the difference this year starters and bench front court. Our front court is outstanding and they have to continue and build on what we have seen through the first five. Clippers take the Pacific Division
86Myke::back court *
mikebm4834::i can see d.jordan becoming better than d.howard, he has the athleticism just needs to learn the game more, which i thing he will, plus he can jump a lot higher that d.howard
stoop404::DJ has all of the abilities to be a great center, he just needs to learn the mechanics. It was nice watching him show us what he is capable of last night
kingtaborn::man im not worried about the spurs not a fan of them but every season they find a way to hang around with the most boring game in the league it aint pretty but its is damn effective good to see the clips look better on offense and play some D for once cant wait to see both teams in the playoffs
Ron5828::Anyone else think Chris Paul acted like a little girl when Manu fouled him?
ImOldschool1964::Chris Paul is a woose- Manu totally demasculated the little girl.
WareTheTDsAt::i guess just like manu acts like a lil girl each and every time he thinks he gets fouled or flops lol
JoeClipplet::Apparently you don't see how Manu walks... very flamboyant just like a lot of Spaniards... Get over it
YinBallaz::Not sure whether highlight reel or dunkfest by the clips
Minoli87::Jordan should be in the dunk contest this year
Dharon23::"Everybody gets one"    -Spiderman
robdiaz2191::lol, great job by the clips, but i do think the spurs had a bad shooting night, i expect a much closer game next time. d jordan played great against a weak spurs front court. good luck in portland tonight. that place is crazy. lol
JoeClipplet::Or a good defensive night
Deven3091::This is the ULTIMATE REVENGE!
stoop404::ultimate would be a sweep in the playoffs. this doesn't mean much, but still a good win
WareTheTDsAt::agree... i know for a fact that this lose doesnt matter one bit to the spurs... means alil more for the clippers from a confidence stand point.. which is ok with me i will take that any day
spurscowboys1312::can't be hot every time. good game clips. GO SPURS GO!!!
stoop404::Spurs fans are just as sad as Laker fans. Do you honestly believe that you have any effect by trashing our team after all the crap we've been through? Keep it up and see if it helps your team
BensSportsBlog13::Nov 8th NBA preview http://benssportsblog13.wordpress.com/2012/11/08/november-8th-nba-preview/
Big-Ben-Rexor::DeAndre Jordan put up 20 points? Damm Tim Duncan is SOFT!!!!
Dharon23::Tim Duncan soft? Hell Nah his 4 rings got his hands heavy..its not easy having rings u kno
WareTheTDsAt::i wouldnt say all that.. hes just lost some of his athleticism... something the clippers have plenty of
Meninga::why did the clippers acquire lamar odom? The man isn't even a professional anymore.
stoop404::he gets paid to play basketball, thats the definition of a professional. are you that stupid? he isn't good and i have no idea why we picked him up, but to say he isn't a professional just makes you sound dumb. Still waiting for the south to rise again?
LA Clipp Joint::that was a great @ss whoopin ... keep it up
GriseldaBlanco420::Thanks for choking last night SPurs, how you let this sorry $@% Clipper team beat you is beyond me
Resident_Guido::I don't know anyone or see anyone saying things like that. It's one game out of 82. Nice win, but got another one tonight in Portland.
Texas7991::Clipper Fan" OMG WE BEAT THE SPURS, NOW WERE GOING TO BE THE WCF CHAMPS!!"
WareTheTDsAt::lmao for the life of me i dont know where you are seeing any of this you must be confusing us for laker fans... but seriously stop sounding like a little $@%!$ lol
Ustna5::is that right? where do you see that?
WareTheTDsAt::man some of your spurs fans here are as bad a sore loser as laker fans geez.... its only one game... the clippers just played the better game that night...
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::While this win doesn't crown the Clips as the best team in the west, it does show that EVERY team in the conference (including the untouchable Spurs) is VULNERABLE, i.e. there is no King of the West.  Honestly even though I don't pick them to go but so far, even the Nuggets could pose a threat as an upset team.  Not to mention if Memphis clicks, they're trouble as well
eightman2303::and...LOBS will not win an NBA title....nice for the highlight reel....but won't work in real time come next May and June.
stoop404::its points and the team with the most points wins. it doesn't matter how they are scored. are you a moron?
eightman2303::just so we stay on the side of sanity...the Clippers DID NOT win the NBA title last night......  They played great and props to them. My guess is they will find it a bit more difficult the next time they meet the Spurs. Good teams can be beat and beat bad...but good teams typically respond....my guess is the Spurs will look forward to the next match up in San Antonio on November 19th. See you there....
FIUFan34::When your leading scorer has 12 points you dont usually win.
SupaFlySlammaJammazz...::They don't need Lamar.
Minnysota Vikings::Deandre Jordan with a monster game!
drmcfunk::Ok why can't I find a video of CP3 winning the jump ball over Duncan that was hilarious
gt1master_ike::Spurs gave up after the third quarter. Nice rout by LAC. Now they just have to find a way to bring intensity against the lower tier teams.
robdiaz2191::garbage clipper team, bad night for the spurs
WareTheTDsAt::pft! ya thats great basketball analysis right there lol
stoop404::so what does that say about your team?
Ustna5::qq
ChiTown All Day All Night::Clippers&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Lakers
GoBlueRaidersGo25::It's a good thing I canceled my prediction for this game in Streak for the Cash.
PartyLikeACaveman::its nice to beat good teams, but if they keep not showing up for games against Cleveland and the golden states of the world those losses will add up
wslaton::Spurs need a little more youth out there.
15steele15::Dude there is plenty youth, green and Leonard start they are in second year..Blair in 3rd or 4th, then you have mills, Joseph, and Colo....so youth???
WareTheTDsAt::yea i think he should have said a little more athletic... they need a little more athleticism
the702championshogun::single file now lakers fans, watch your step hopping onto the clippers bandwagon. no pushing &amp; shoving now.
15steele15::I knew it was going to be a bad game after our first quarter play
supremekid912::4 pts for TP??
johnyu2011::Man, the lob city does have a lot of lobs.
Griss13ears::Flop Bowl 2012. Clippers win with 106 flops to 84
WareTheTDsAt::lol cry about it grizz fans...
Ustna5::haha...Grizz fans are so bitter towards the superior Clippers.
Mnsportsfanatic50::klove&gt;griffin
Resident_Guido::Apples and oranges. They're completely different players -- no point in comparing the two.   Like the CP3 / D-Rose comparison. Both are point guards, but both couldn't be more different in styles of play.
PartyLikeACaveman::unless they play head to head where griffin owns him every time, but k love might be the best pf in the game ill give you that
Mnsportsfanatic50::was bored had the night off.... its a fact do not deny it.
Ustna5::I have to believe that you were dreaming about posting this all night based on your history here...
Ustna5::Mnsportsfanatic50 - dream no... fact -------------- Okay then...you were here posting it all night. Fair enough...
Mnsportsfanatic50::dream no... fact
TomShoe02::Spurs Win: Yeah, whatever, they were gonna win anyway...they're still old.  Clips Win: OMGWTF IS THIS CLIPS NATION NBA CHAMPS 2013!!!!!1111?!!/!1  - Everyone
Jarizzle1341::It's only headlines b/c the Spurs lost. The Clips are irrelevant in this story.
TomShoe02::Everyone = ESPN and everyone in California
TomShoe02::That's the NBA, someone's gonna be hot, someone's gonna be cold.
Ustna5::so "Everyone" = the NBA???
Ustna5::I don't see anyone doing that....  Are you crying?
Bynum24 Spurs23::Good to see Odom wasn't sucking on purpose in Dallas last year.  He just sucks.
TomShoe02::No, not true, Babe and Smooth.   Every team has to have an off-shooting night, and the Spurs had one tonight.  I just hope the Clips don't get too cocky...
sly86921::Or ppl like you just think that. Most clipper fans were excited to see the clippers just make the playoffs. Knew it was going to be a good series against Memphis and hoped against the spurs . No one was touting they were champs. No one is this year. Are the title contenders? Of course they are. Don't be a moron
oneandonlybabe::Yes, I'm not doubting they were having an off night and let's not forget to give the Clippers some credit by the way. My point is that not caring -even this early in the season- is unsporting. Let's not forget Pop is famous for this.
nivrock6.0::Too late. Clips' fans think they are NBA champs and world beaters since last year.
Ustna5::Tough game tonight at Portland...
oneandonlybabe::geez some people talk about how good the Spurs are and how they play 'fundamental' ball but boy do I hate it when they just give up like that. It's one thing to sit  your stars when you're the one doing the routing, but to basically stop caring when there is a chance you can surmount the lead?  ESPN writers call it smart I call it anti-climatic, unsporting and karma tempting.  Good on the Clippers though, the REAL LA team!
jpsmooth1979::san antonio still struggles with teams that have perimeter speed,okc,mia,they can beat anybody else in the league but not those 2 and they are going to have to beat them both to win the chip
Trexxus::Wow, these L.A. fans are just as delusional as Yankee, Red Sox and Packer fans, holy crap. News flash, NEITHER L.A. team will be in the WCF's, yeah that's right I said it. Book it. I told you guys not to count your chickens before they hatch when you got Howard and Nash, I said they would be battling injuries all season and won't be nearly a factor as you think. Time will prove me right.
jezeep::concession accepted
Trexxus::If that helps you get to sleep at night keep telling yourself that.
jezeep::Clippers are the best in the West this year
Mnsportsfanatic50::For a stupid lobdaaoucher.... cp3&gt;rubio     klove owns and i mean owns&gt; blake
LobCityCP32BG32::and you've played sacramento, toronto, and orlando....those are garbage teams...so take it easy...and while you beat brooklyn....you tost to toronto...I mean...seriously....toronto
LobCityCP32BG32::you don't even have love or rubio...they're on the bench in suits...at least our stars play
LobCityCP32BG32::good job...but it's been four games...take it easy....I'm not calling championship for the clippers either....but come on...you guys are finally doing well...I understand...but remember last season....so take it easy...injuries happen
Mnsportsfanatic50::great comeback man well done,,,,,,, think we are 3-1 well i guess if griffin went down you guys would actually benefit.
jezeep::T-Wolves are no match for the Clippers in the playoffs
LobCityCP32BG32::and yes...we have cp3...miami has lebron...teams have stars...what do you want?...take our star away and still expect us to win...it doesn't work like that
Mnsportsfanatic50::oooookay we got klove you got cp3 klove&gt;blake
LobCityCP32BG32::this aint the olympics?!?...stop saying that....freakin' anthony davis is a gold medalist TOO....minnesota would have killed to be in the second round
Mnsportsfanatic50::lol who you got thats been past 2nd round? we got medalist ak and schved led russia to a bronze this year love gold. we got clutch players you got cp3 get that through your head were better when healthy
LobCityCP32BG32::contender?!?....hahahahaha...you didn't even make the playoffs
LobCityCP32BG32::what are talking about? minnesota has been in the lottery...stop going to the kevin garnett days
Mnsportsfanatic50::dude are you dumb? we were contenders for like 2-3 years and made playoffs for what 7-8 straight years.
LobCityCP32BG32::I'm sorry...minnesota has not been better than the clippers at least not for a long time...wait until they are...which means win more games...make the playoffs...and then make that statement...you're just making predictions out of nowhere
LobCityCP32BG32::and minnesota is loaded with rings?...what's wrong with you? neither team has had any championships...but it helps to make the playoffs first
LobCityCP32BG32::man...you are so delusional...we have two former sixth man of the year and grant hill, eric bledsoe
Mnsportsfanatic50::Your ignorant to think were not a factor we know your good. but not as good as us when healthy klove&gt; blake
Trexxus::Time will prove me right, I'm out.
Trexxus::And no the Clips do NOT have the best bench, lol, Wolves have the deepest team in the NBA, you must've been living in a cave all year, wow.
Trexxus::They were in the playoffs last year before Rubio got injured, they had the best off season signings of any team in the NBA, they are way better than last year, and last year we owned you. If you think the Wolves won't be in the playoffs then you really don't have a clue.
LobCityCP32BG32::you don't think the clips are better? what is wrong with you? jordan is better, blake is better, bledsoe is better and that bench is tops in the nba...and btw...really...lets get back to reality
LobCityCP32BG32::why are you making blake out to be nothing....the guy puts up 20-10...all starter...rookie of the year
LobCityCP32BG32::all we got is cp3?!?...haha....ok...having the best damn pg is a pretty start isn't it?
Mnsportsfanatic50::WRONG pek better ak better love better you got cp3 that is all your overratted
LobCityCP32BG32::so why do you say love&gt;blake like it's a debate
Trexxus::Only delusional fans like you think the Clips will. What championships have the Clips won? LMAO, thank you for proving you live in lala land, holy crap.
Trexxus::No, they won't, the Wolves will outlast the Clips in the playoffs.
LobCityCP32BG32::what are you talking about man?...i didn't know championships were won in the regular season
Trexxus::You really are that stupid aren't you. Wolves owned the Clips and Spurs and Mavs last year with a bunch of dead weight, they are MUCH better this year, you've got to be living in a cave to not know that.
LobCityCP32BG32::clips will make the playoffs...have a better record...and go farther...and everyone knows that...and do you how many people cares about love&gt;blake at that point...not that many
LobCityCP32BG32::look...taking players out of teams and putting them on another is dumb...give me lebron all day....so it doesn't work that way....minnesota has been terrible whether injuries or whatever....but don't bash on a team that got to the second round while you're sitting at home
Trexxus::The Wolves will definately be in the playoffs this year, it's just a matter of how high of a seed. Go bang your head against a wall, maybe it will knock some sense into you.
LobCityCP32BG32::you said that last year bro...and $@%! happened...like it always does...so I'd be sure that you're in the playoffs before saying things like love&gt;blake and then see blake still playing in june and love at home
Mnsportsfanatic50::LobCityCP32BG32 - let me say it again...we know love is better...I would just rather watch blake and still make the playoffs then watch klove and have nothing to watch in june  Ohhh thank you love is better put blake on this team last year were not even in contention
Mnsportsfanatic50::new year bro we will both be there hopefully its us in first round cause we own u
LobCityCP32BG32::let me say it again...we know love is better...I would just rather watch blake and still make the playoffs then watch klove and have nothing to watch in june
Mnsportsfanatic50::thats not even a debate he is the best pg in the league.
Mnsportsfanatic50::cp3&gt;rubio?????
LobCityCP32BG32::all day and twice on sundays...cp3...future hall of famer...yeah that guy
LobCityCP32BG32::and btw...they have played a single game between them...btw your stats don't count for your team if you're not even playing
LobCityCP32BG32::you don't think cp3 owns rubio? what is wrong with you?
jezeep::question for Lakers fans... will Mike Brown still have a job if the Lakers are hovering around 0.500 by the All-Star break?
rbermea::With San Antonio and Milwaukee losing tonight, that makes the New York Knicks as the last undefeated team standing tall like the Empire State building. Knicks can beat their next two opponents, Dallas at home, and Orlando on the road. Be 5-0. If the Knicks win the 2013 NBA title with experienced wily vets on the squad, it'll be their 1st NBA title in 40 long years since 1973, 3rd NBA championship overall.
jezeep::the Knicks can go 10-0 to start the season for all i care  they still wont have what it takes to beat the Heat
slam_dunk_on_u::No sh!t! sherlock are you stealing ESPN Headlines..I already read the same article numbnuts!  Try to be more original dude
slam_dunk_on_u::I still think the "lowly" Mavs will overtake the spurts in the SW Division and make more noise than the spurts ...what you think guys?
philmccroch::slam dunk on you, how many times did you masturbate yesterday? the spurs have been the best team since 97-98. go tell your mom to keep it down in there, and to call me later
jezeep::you're nuts... the Spurs will probably get the No.1 seed
jezeep::probably, but that wasnt your original question... there is no chance the Mavs end up with a better record than the Spurs
slam_dunk_on_u::and get bounced in the playoffs once again like every year...the spurts seem to forget that regular season titles mean sh!t.....
Chris31708::I think the LA Lakers suck.
Chris31708::Nah, the Spurs will be fine. Mike Brown needs to watch his $@% LOL!
slam_dunk_on_u::Just like the spurts from here on....
Chris31708::Maybe the Godfather can call up some hoes for the Lakers, maybe that will cheer them up with their 1-4 record and all.  Then again the Clippers will probably steal them too, just like they're stealing everything else from the Lakers LOL!
Ustna5::Such as?
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Such as all the bandwagon fans.
SantaCruzBeastMode::Lakers are the true team of LA, but the Clippers are stealing the show. And I love it.
slam_dunk_on_u::Remember it doesnt matter how you start the season but how you finish it...enjoy it while you can Clipps fans...and to certain degree spurt fans...LOL
rcthrillers1969::I've been following a system for betting lately called SportsbettingStar. In only two months time I have averaged $3,000 a month profit. I found this system on the first page of Google by searching the words Online Betting System
slam_dunk_on_u::flagged
