manimarf09::Boy, where were Gortat and Beasley tonight? I know they got the win (albeit in OT), but still.
nba is the worst::Any updates on Davis' return?
nogicat12::nice win suns
FORKWDEVIL::nice win Devils!
Sethforte1::So is Gordon injured or something again? Where is he?
Je5teR777::He hurt his knee and might be done for the year, thank god the Hornets matched the Suns offer sheet for that injury prone dude.
Hard Working-Alpha Male-Jackhammer-Merciless-Insatiable::I SEE YOU WORKING KIEFF!    F.O.E.
alexxdj::Suns are in purgatory....love it.
KyleFromWork::Grevis Vasquez doing work but the rest of the team sucks w/o Davis
Minnysota Vikings::Wow Austin Rivers really sucks
EL_ABALLARDE::Lillard ROY!
ricky2213::How long is Davis supposed to be out? My Cavs are in the running for Shabazz and need Davis to play so you guys can win some games
whodattrackgeauxtigers::He'll probably sit out again tomorrow. He'll probably come back either Monday or they'll just wait out the road trip.
FSoccer::Shabazz Muhammad should start looking at real estate in NO
MacDre480::^^^^^^^^^^ prove it
EL_ABALLARDE::Vazquez, Gordon, Aminu, Davis, Anderson and Lopez are a dangerous core...
EL_ABALLARDE::The Lizards says NO....
FSoccer::You gotta admit Davis, SM, Anderson, Vasquez, and Gordon (if he would stop being a bi.tch) is a dangerous lineup
Cardinals-Diamondbacks-Suns-Sun Deils.::As many of you know,I have posted the message"Spurs fans suck." many times. So why do I hate the Spurs? Because my Phoenix Suns got SCREWED in 2007. That Amare suspension was totally unfair and unwarranted and it cost the Suns the key game of that series,game 5. It was totally unfair and unwarranted and it may well have cost the Suns the 2007 NBA Championship. After 2007,being a Suns fan gives me no choice but to hate the Spurs.
EmTeeZ::You gotta learn to let things go, man, or you'll never survive as an Arizona sports fan.
MacDre480::GO ASU!!!!!
dubzcheckem_22::You have a very pasty face.  But we still love you.   I hope the Spurs and Lakers rot in hell.
satomt3::lol the box score makes it look like it was close the whole game.
Jeff7429::twix bar....mommy is really pissed off now, turn off the computer.   You can watch magicmike in the morning.
Cardinals-Diamondbacks-Suns-Sun Deils.::Suns win! :) With games vs the Cavs,Raptors and Pistons on our upcoming road trip,I expect to be 9-8. GO SUNS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :)
Does Wayne Brdy Hfta Djokovic::wow....watching paint dry&gt;your comments
alexxdj::Rooting for the Suns &lt; Watching paint dry
WonderlicQBR::Who da heck is Greivis Vasquez?
sigepgator702::Played at maryland!
EL_ABALLARDE::Actually he's the captain of Venezuela's national team, he got his outbreak in the pre olympics and since then he's balling....
WonderlicQBR::looks like he is balling for real
EL_ABALLARDE::Someone who's balling this year
FSoccer::Hopefully NO will have another high draft pick after this season and they can get good value from trading that pu.ssy Eric Gordon.
WonderlicQBR::So is Austin Rivers gone for good to da bench?
FSoccer::Originally he was supposed to be a bench player. To answer your question, I would hope yes
Detroit LOLions::I hope Anthony GAYvis and his whole family die a painful, slow, fiery death. He is a waste of life and should have been shot instead of Camacho.
EL_ABALLARDE::No more "Macho Time"
arizonasting13::Jermaine O'neal and PJ Tucker for co-MVPs
Detroit LOLions::Anthony GAYvis will be a bigger bust than Greg Oden.
Treydey10::Trade Austin Rivers before it's too late, hopefully the Hornets can get a 2nd round pick for him.
FSoccer::Almost every Duke player has sucked in the NBA
TheJTram::Wow O'Neal playing well after surgery. I wonder what the Suns medical staff have in their water. Seems like veterans that play there have their careers revived or something
FSoccer::Well, at least Anderson got some nice stats
dwighthowardsamazing::Be man the temo u called me out why
82Garrett::Great game! Next stop: Kwame Brown and the Philidelphia 76ers!
Mark15911::Tough loss for the Hornets got to give them props for fighting until the end even though they're short handed.
EL_ABALLARDE::Should I add Jermaine O'neal to my fantasy team and drop Gibson?? Oo!!!
arizonasting13:::)
dubzcheckem_22::Suns win!!  GG Hornets fans (all... 5 of you in here?)  Cya guys next time
CamOverRG3::So does Anthony Davis plan on playing this season?
Jeff7429::thanks for the $$ SUNS
Btwixed::im jeff 7429 trying to sound cool and smart about basketball when i really dont know anything
Jeff7429::why you p. issed man ?  who cares about this sh it twix bar ?
Jeff7429::i said and know scola is too slow to defend...it's why he didn't play much tonight
Btwixed::dude i bet the moneyline too and won 500 bucks
Jeff7429::i have parlay that's still alive...risking 100
Barry660314::Is it over?
Jeff7429::DOUBLE ot....point total going down for every basket scored now.
Heat Fan Since 1866::Yep. Ryan Anderson three pointer and-1 at the buzzer. Hits the FT. Hornets win.
dubzcheckem_22::He's lying. Suns won. Just look at the boards.
FSoccer::Ryan Anderson was worth every penny
ZonaRado::Solid W Suns
Orange6O2::That was a fun game to watch
Geo2043586::suns win! :D
Mr Ntense::Watch Andersen!!!!!!!!!!!!!
82Garrett::If Ryan Anderson isnt triple teamed right here then Gentry needs to be fired.
dubzcheckem_22::I've never felt this uncomfortable with a 3 point lead with 0.9 seconds left.   Unbelievable what Anderson is doing to me right now.
Barry660314::Can someone tell me what's happening- I'm relying on gamecast
Jeff7429::hornets won
dubzcheckem_22::Nope. Suns just did.
Orange6O2::Watch Rockin' Robin Lopez, he lives for these moments
EL_ABALLARDE::The real MVP is Beasley, he don't show off so Suns could pull this one....
arizonasting13::I dont get why Morris didnt just catch the ball and throw it to the other side of the court in that situation
MacDre480::he needed the points
MacDre480::Markieff Morris for MVP and PJ TUCKER for 6th man
FSoccer::Thanks  for always being "hurt" EG!!!!
MrFreese13::How the hell did Tucker go undiscovered playing euro ball for 5+ years??!!
Heat Fan Since 1866::I'm not talking trash, I'm just being honest. It's not like Tucker has lit up the NBA this season.
MrFreese13::Fair enough bro
MrFreese13::I LOVE this guys hustle
Heat Fan Since 1866::because he isn't very good
MrFreese13::He's got more heart than Dwayne "My shoulders hurt, I can't walk" Wade
MacDre480::He would be a regular on the Heat
82Garrett::Beasley had somethin to do with it.
EL_ABALLARDE::PJ PJ PJ!!!!  Now to Portland's game
Everyday im Shufflin 290::That puts the icing on the cake
audelo55::Dam spread 5.5 how do they dam know?? Weird
