Qazny::sdfghiljdxzdcvbkjl;kj/hgfv,hjbknl;Kj/hgfhjkl;lk/vhj.cg
DeViLzzzEEZback::5-2 so far with so many injuries.  I guess there is a definitely possibility the team can go .500 before we get our better players back.  Go Twolves !
steelerdude::Why are they wasting Jared Cunningham?  This kid is incredible give him a shot holy cow.
VikingsRavensMN::OMG... Go away, how was that MNF game... Sucks to get some of our injuries.. It's alright... have fun losing the rest of your games...
ReneInGermany::Seven time F1 champion Michael Schumacher was attending the game with his wife.  There is the F1 race later this week in Austin.  I think Schumi is a good friend of Dirk.
stathusker::As a Grizz fan, it was bad memories watching OJ last night combined with happiness we have Bayless and Ellington now. -14 last night, ehh
luvnbayes::As a longtime high school coach I can tell you the following.  About 15% of your players "get it", players who have good to great instincts the first time they walk in the door.  Think Ricky Rubio. And conversely, about the same percentage are hopeless, they will never get the sport.  Think Martell Webster.  And then there's is the great middle, players who don't have good instincts but are trainable.  Derrick Williams is at best trainable, leaning towards hopeless.
arenal11::relax, he basically had no rookie-season practices or training camp.  by all means, adelman is running a dfferent system than last year and DWill just hasn't figured out where he needs to be in that system.  He's pressing to much, trying to hard.  IMO he needs to use his strength and power more when finishing at the rim.  that will help him a lot.
luvnbayes::It's not his offense I'm concerned with.  The one thing he can do is score.  I'm thinking about his defense, where he consistently makes mistakes.  Sometimes his flubs are obvious, sometimes more subtle.  But he rarely is in the position he should be.  And to be simplistic, bb is all about being at the right place at the right time.  With how good the Wolves are going to be with a healthy Love and Kirileko, I don't see Williams contributing.  Especially since Cunningham DOES get the sport.
NewWorldPlayer::I know it's just 7 games, but the Wolves are 2nd in the NBA in defense.   They are also winning without Love, Rubio, Barea, Buddinger, Roy, and now Pekovic.  I think it's safe to say the top 4 teams in the West are the Thunder, Spurs, Lakers, and Wolves. The East would be the Heat, Bulls, Knicks, and Celtics.
stathusker::Safe to say? Wow. The Clips and Grizz are much better teams than the Wolves right now. That game last night was tough to watch. It looked like bad college basketball in the 4th quarter.
Nowitzki.::On the other hand, Mavs will be just fine with Dirk and Matrix coming back.
arenal11::Dirk is getting old and fast.  They are very weak on the inside as Pek showed tonight.  Collison is really their only young stud, OJ has just been hot and cooled off last night.
Looks good on u tho::And keep Vince on the pine....he suc.ks on multiple levels.
Nowitzki.::Congrats Wolves fans, you have a heck of a team this year.Now it's all up to Love to show if he's a leader and if he can lift this team to the next level because all the right pieces are there this season.
eototalt::They will be a playoff team like last year barring injuries of course.
mn_tanz::They *should* make the playoffs.  It'll be interesting to see how they do, since most of the team has never been there before.
ibnfrey::Go Wolves! :)
D r e w b i e::How does Dallas win the turnover battle 8-17 and still lose? The stats for this game are weird. Must have been a weird game.
mn_tanz::2012-13 Wolves: Good on defense, not so good on offense.  Quite different from a couple seasons ago.
Looks good on u tho::By: Shooting 36% from the field Shooting 25% fro 3 pt range Getting out rebounded by 14 Vince shooting 1-7 and 0-4 behind the arc Kamen shooting 5-15
Mr. Bradford::We attempted 80 baskets and only made 29 of them. That's 36.3%.   There's your reason.
Mr. Bradford::It's way to early to tell anything. Minnesota looks good, but don't have enough games behind their game to make me believe yet. A mild losing streak, and they're .500 again.   Look around the league. Milwaukee is 4-2 and leading their division, Brooklyn still has a winning record (somehow), Memphis is 5-1 after sinking 14 three pointers against the defending champs, THE KNICKS HAVE THE BEST DEFENSE IN THE NBA...
Looks good on u tho::Problem with the Knicks is that when Amare gets back - it makes the them worse.
ibnfrey::A plan which revolves around adding one of the most effective PGs in the league and the most effective PF in the league does always come together. :)
Looks good on u tho::If they stay at .500 with the injuries they have sustained - then look out.  If they can get healthy in Jan they are going to be a beast to handle (plus rested) the second half of the season.  Love this team and the way they play.
Mr. Bradford::A potential beast to handle*. Not all plans come together. Good luck though. It'd be interesting to see a quality NBA team coming out of Minnesota. Then again, I'd also love to see the Bucks do something in the East, and with that bench of theirs, it's a decent possibility.
Looks good on u tho::Who else thinks that David Kahn rented the movie "Moneyball" over the summer and then assembled this team.  Thank goodness Philip Seymour Hoffman isn't coaching to screw it up......
stern_hates_small_markets::the basketball god's try to keep minnesota down, but they keep powering through!
Barf On That::Get cancer already.
D r e w b i e::Yeah! Just look at all the championships they have!
bnesberg10::NewWorldPlayer - They have only been a team since 1989.  The Minneapolis Lakers were the NBA's first dynasty. You can't change history.  haha owned $@%!$!
WeAreMN::REPRESENT!
NewWorldPlayer::They have only been a team since 1989.  The Minneapolis Lakers were the NBA's first dynasty. You can't change history.
Looks good on u tho::Nikola Pekovic looks like "Non" in the Christopher Reeve verson of "Superman II". Goon that escaped from eternal isolation along with General Zod and Ursa.    Damn near spot on with the beard.
Twinsbaseball8791::Ok we are good! If you are not on the bandwagon yet I suggest you hop on now, its going to be a wild ride this year.  Been on it my whole life (26) and it is times like this that I am glad I stuck with this team and didnt go root for the lakers or the heat like some of my idiot friends.   hooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooowl
MarkyMarc641::Serious question. How long is Budinger out for?? Injuries just haunt this team for some reason...
Looks good on u tho::He needs surgery so no one knows yet...but they are saying around 2 months unless they find more damage than they expect.
eototalt::Probably a month and a half, remember it is arthroscopic surgery
arenal11::he had surgery today and should be back in January.  surgeon said it was completely repaired and should be a full recovery.
Mr. Bradford::What can I say, my Mavericks were 36.3% from the floor making 29 baskets and attempting 80 of them. Not to mention our defense sucked, our bench didn't play up to par, Vince Carter was useless in his 29 minutes on the floor, and we allowed the T-Wolves to get to the line too many times. We just got beat by the better team. This game.  Crazy seeing Collison attempting 1 less free throw, and making more of them then all the other Mavericks in this game did combined.
arenal11::Mavs are getting old and fast.  Dirk is almost done, it'll be interesting to see how well and fast he comes back from his knee surgery.  Carter, Brand,mand Kaman are also on the down-slide.  OJ has just been hot and cooled down a bit last night.  Really, Collison is their only young stud.
oste0130::Wolves are 5-2 sans Love, Rubio, Roy, Budinger, Barea - AND WE STILL GET NO LOVE FROM ESBN (EAST COAST BIAS NETWORK). What gives??? Pay respect where respect is due!
NewWorldPlayer::Pek is injured too.
Twinsbaseball8791::well come February when we are healthy we will be dominating!! I repeat dominating! we dont need respect from ESPN we know who we are
eototalt::That is only because of injuries. The Wolves were a playoff team last year. Plus you can't use the past to compare it to this team. Half the roster is different and we got rid of all the trash and improved at almost every position.
Mr. Bradford::Dominating, or remaining the .500 team, if not worse, that Timberwolcves fans have known and loved since Garnett left.   Like I said it's way to early to tell anything.
Mr. Bradford::It's because y'all are the Timberwolves and y'all have played a grand total of 7 games this season. I wouldn't buy into the hype either right now. Wait 'till February rolls around, and if you're still winning, THEN it'll be respect showing time. The Wolves are 5-2, not 30-15.   Right now it's too early to tell.
Percy is Starvin::BillyJoelsSecondWifeFan Rubio is important but Wolves have alternatives for PG position... But how Wolves did 5-2 start without KLove(may be top-3 PF in the league) ??? Unbelievable... May be AK-47 factor? He is the only man who has multiply 5x5 games(with Hakeem) in NBA history... If Kirilenko get injury it will be really disaster.  ---- Love is a vital part of this team, no doubt.  But most Minnesota fans will tell you that the Rubio injury is more important. The open he looks he creates for trash players (Wes Johnson) is simply amazing.  Aside from Shved no other player on the team is capable of this, when he returns I can see the offense scoring another 6-8 points per game.  When Rubio returns, AK and Shved can play off the ball more often, a scary sight for the other team if your ask me. Also, if Wes was able to knock down a shot last year, Rubio would have been averaging 12-14 assists per game.  Not too mention being 6'4" and lanky makes him one hell of a defender against most other PG's.
jdoom1345::maybe top 3 PF? more like definitely number 1 PF.
Pusha Tonn::I couldn't agree more
pogi_mavs::trade murphy and cunningham get player in d league...
No God of mine would cancel iCarly::seriously: you keep playing andrei these minutes, his confidence will skyrocket and you'll see another 5x5
eototalt::He is the starting SF and with Budinger injured for a month or so he will get a lot of minutes.
Permanot::Bien joué les Wolves ! 10 ans de purgatoire ... va t'on connaître une saison positive ?? vivement le retour de Love et Rubio, keep goin' ! go Wolves !!!!!!!
bnesberg10::this is america, $@%!$ boy speak english
swerdna81::que?
No God of mine would cancel iCarly::i'm so happy andrei kirilenko is getting big minutes again and i'm happy he's playing for a fan base who's actually capable of appreciating the things he does  could be my favorite player ever. miss you andrei
eototalt::Wolves fans love him...
saintsrapackofcheaters::I've been using a betting system called SPortsbettingstar for a few months. I make around 2-3K a month just following this system. You can find this system on Google if you  search for the words sports betting system on google .
the departed movie theatre scene::like i said and will say all year wolves are a 3 seed or better.
baisai7::More realistically I was thinking we were a 6-8 seed depending on when we get our players back. Adelman's system is the key to our early success. Getting our studs back won't all of a sudden jettison us to the top of the conference. I'm just happy to see us relevant again.
Mr. Bradford::False. Welcome to being early in the season, where fans WAYYYYYYYY over hype their teams.
cardsbluesjazz::Hey TWolves fans; enjoy the AK-47 show as long as he stays healthy.  He was my favorite player in Utah.  I was not happy when they didn't resign him.  If he stays healthy and given the proper playing time, you guys are going to love his game.  He's a stat stuffer and as a hard of a defender as there is in the league.  When you guys get your full lineup together, I don't think there will be a team in the league that will look forward to playing you guys.  Already not looking forward to playing against AK-47.  Good luck TWolves.
eototalt::Thanks, but if we stay healthy is pretty much the team motto... -_-
cardsbluesjazz::You guys will heal up.  I'd rather be hurt now, than later.  Keeps your heads and keep playing hard.
mgs316::Too bad we have all these white guys, I'm assuming with Beasley, Wes Johnson and some other black guys we'd be  be 7-0.
ukerday00::what do you guys think of shirts with AK shved and pek on them and they say the european union
theiggyshow::both of there countries aren't even in the european union
eototalt::lol, I didn't actually check who all is in that I just know Russia isn't.
ukerday00::its a nickname.. is magic johnson magic? is Andrei kirilienko really an assault rifle??
eototalt::AK really is an assault rifle lol
HadumiFire::russia is eastern europe
eototalt::Just the western part? I know Russia isn't in the EU though.
eototalt::A little silly considering Russia isn't in the EU lol
eototalt::One thing is for sure, Shved needs to get in the weight-room and lift some weights.
bnesberg10::shveds a beast!
arenal11::he will during the off-season.  he'll get stronger, he's still awfully young.
Jerryintx88::same old mavs.
arenal11::LOL 2yrs ago.  Dirk is much older, Terry is gone, Chandler is gone, Barea is gone, Hayward is gone, etc.  but keep thinking that b/c you won it 2yrs ago that means you are still relevant.  Mavs are getting old and fast.  Dirk has 2-3yrs left at most, Marion is on the down slide, Carter has been useless for about 6yrs now.  OJ will cool off, as shown tonight.  Kaman is on the down-slide.  Collison is really the only young starter they have that is worth something.
Jmet15::Jealous any of the Mavs?
Oos Peet::last I checked they won the championship 2 years ago. If you didn't realize, that meant they were the best in the league so your comment is foolish
eototalt::A fully healthy Wolves team is down right scary.
eototalt::Wow I didn't get to watch this game. We actually won with all these injuries? Is this for real? lololol
pogi_mavs::mavs need a top defense... waived murphy cunningham... get andersen for blocks and fisher...
BillyJoelsSecondWifeFan::Rubio is important but Wolves have alternatives for PG position... But how Wolves did 5-2 start without KLove(may be top-3 PF in the league) ??? Unbelievable... May be AK-47 factor? He is the only man who has multiply 5x5 games(with Hakeem) in NBA history... If Kirilenko get injury it will be really disaster.
arenal11::i'm guessing adelman gave kahn a list of players he'd like and Kahn got them.  AK was a huge pick-up.  much thanks for POR matching Batum, they will be hamstrung with his and Aldridge's contracts.  We need to lock up Pek before he hits RFA, otherwise you know a max offer is coming from POR, after they did the same for Hibber this off-season and Pek is much better than Hibbert.
09memberofsociety::Adelman plays a true team game, and they were really smart with getting players that fit his system.
arenal11::everyone who has played has been a factor at some point this season.  yes, AK is the one guy we can't lose right now.  Barea and Roy should be back by wednesday's game agians the Bobcats, and hopefully Pek will be back by friday vs the Warriors.  Nice home-stretch of games coming up w/some days off as well.  Hopefully we can win most of 'em and head into thanksgiving w/a healthy roster.  then its only a week until Love gets back.  He should be in shape and ready to go as soon as he gets medically cleared.
stopbanningmeplease8::hey we're 5-2 and we play charlotte next ;)
arenal11::Barea and Roy should be back by then as well. Hope Pek can play but if not he should be back by friday vs the warriors--and bogut is out.  nuggets game will be a battle though.  if we can start next week w/a healthy roster that will be huge.  Then only a week and change until love gets back.
Hans0184::Hope Pek is going to be okay.... if he is alright I don't see how we aren't 11-2 by the time we play LAC
Hans0184::well.. if you read what I wrote...I said IF he is alright...
arenal11::relax guy, Warriors will be tough if Pek can't play and the Nuggets game will be a battle.  Could easily go 1-2 in our next 3.  I'm hoping Pek can be back by friday vs the warriors.  barea and roy should be back by wed vs the bobcats.  if we can start next week w/a healthy roster that will be big. then its only a week and change until love gets back  that will ease the load on everyone.
CoreyGallagherArt::That awkward moment when you realize the T'Wolves have among the best records in the league without Kevin Love and Ricky Rubio...
Lamar Kardashian59::...and Chase Budinger, and JJ Barea, and Brandon Roy, and now Nikola Pekovic.
arenal11::Barea and Rou should be back wed vs the bobcats.  hopefully pek is back friday vs teh warriors.  we'll need a healthy roster vs the nuggets.  if we can make it through thanks-giving w/o anymore injuries and get everyone back, that will  be huge.  then its just a week and change before love gets back.
09memberofsociety::They still have a top 3 coach
09memberofsociety::Adelman coaches small market teams.  Adelman's Kings played at the same time as Kobe/Shaq/Phil dynasty and they were still jobbed out of a title.  Adelman is a better coach than Rick Carlisle.
seansean145::09memberofsociety - I'd put him behind Popovich...maybe Rivers.  That's it.  He takes mediocre players and makes them good (Houston) .  He takes good and makes them great (Sacramento)  Adelman is in that Goerge Karl  class, guys who have been coaching in the league forever, but don't have any titles to show for it. Rivers, Pop and the guy from the Mavs are better coaches than Adelman.
09memberofsociety::I'd put him behind Popovich...maybe Rivers.  That's it.  He takes mediocre players and makes them good (Houston) .  He takes good and makes them great (Sacramento)
seansean145::Adelman is a pretty good coach...but he's not a top 3 coach in the league.
CoreyGallagherArt::Just surprised me when I saw their record, I'm a Sixers fan, just didn't realize that their turnaround seems to have been so sudden
BillyJoelsSecondWifeFan::It's interesting fact that Wolves is not only white team but may be first "European" team in NBA.. Look, potentially, they have at least 3 players from Europe(Rubio-AK-Pek) in starting five(sometimes 4 besides KLove?).. May be only Raptors did the same, but i'm not sure..
RyanBerg15::the Spurs have the most international players out of any roster
09memberofsociety::Are the wolves cursed with injuries?
baisai7::It's a Minnesota sports curse that's been haunting us for years. ESPN even finally mentioned it not that long ago. Across the board from College basketball to the NFL.
arenal11::eh, we only had 2 players go down last year that really mattered.  if we can start next week healthy, that will be huge.  Barea and Roy should be back by Wed vs bobcats.  Hopefully Pek can be back by friday vs the warriors.  Healthy roster vs the nuggets will be big.  then its thanksgiving and only a week and change before Love is back  that will ease the load on everyone.
arenal11::oh c'mon now, just going through some bad luck.  it needs to stop immediately though.
09memberofsociety::been two years of it
Jorsota612::I honestly can't wait to see how good the wolves the wolves can be when love and rubio. Teams will be really scared to play them. The only teams athletic and relevant enough to play with them will be OKC, LAC, MEM and last year we dominated the clips and played the thunder hard everytime. Im smelling 5th seed if no one else gets hurt
arenal11::lets just get a full roster and a few games under our belt before any predictions are made.  1 or 2 more injuries now and we could go on a horrible losing streak.
09memberofsociety::Love Adelman as a coach
Its a LeBron James Harden league::I was shocked when he took the Wolves job. Best coaching hire in the franchise's history.
pogi_mavs::brand and crowder more deserved minutes than murphy and carter...
arenal11::Brand doesn't have his quickness anymore, sub-par outside shot and is getting exposed due to his lost quicks.  Crowder is a rookie, he'll be up-and-down all season.  Carter and Murphy shoudl've been out of the league 3yrs ago.  consumate under-achiever despite his physical gifts.
JohnMosbyGuy::Another win for the Wolves. This is basically the best start we could have hoped for considering the situation. Every win the Wolves get now, makes it easier in the end when we're rolling and trying to get a good seed. We don't want to leave too much work to do and being 5-2 helps that cause.
arenal11::Barea and Roy should be back by next game.  Pek may miss some time w/that sprained ankle.  Nice home-stretch coming up and some off-days.  love should be back in a couple weeks.  Rubio and Bud should be back at about the same time, w/Bud about a week or so  behind.
Its a LeBron James Harden league::If the Wolves can just be a game or two around .500 when Love gets back, they'll be golden.
Its a LeBron James Harden league::Are the Wolves big in Europe now? Considering they are loaded with Euro talent.
eototalt::We do have Europeans frequenting our board.
dogs::http://espn.go.com/sportsnation/rank/_/listId/2033/versionId/2  VOTE GOPHER FANS!
Lamar Kardashian59::This is all going to come crashing down if we keep having to play AK 40+ minutes a night.  Sad to say it, but it's true.
arenal11::When is our next game? Wednesday I think.  might be able to make that one.  We've got a nice home-stretch, and some off-days coming up.  Hopefully we emerge from that completely healthy and then its a week or so until love is back.  That will help everything.  He should be in shape and ready to go, as soon as he's cleared.  Barea and Roy should be back by next game, and Rubio and Bud will return about the same time.  Bud might be a week or so behind.  Starting january w/a full squad still leaves an awful lot of hoop to play at full strength.
artraider2001::well pek said he didnt think it was that bad and said he would see how he feels in the morning, so that might be good?
arenal11::My guess is Pek is out a week, if its a high ankle sprain it'll be worse.
artraider2001::i hope pek is back too
arenal11::Barea ought to be back by the next game as well as Roy, they got a nice home-stretch here as well as some off days.
mgbasketball10::He's only 31 and he'll be brought down to 30-35 once KLove is back.
JohnMosbyGuy::He probably won't have to when everyone comes back, for now, he's gonna have to suck it up and play a lot more than he probably was thinking. He's a pro, he'll keep working as long as he has to.
JohnMosbyGuy::This Wolves team is mentally tough, they play defense, they play as a team, and their basketball IQ is really high... I think when they get everyone back they can win the conference. Why not? Look at these guys; forget about the history, this team can play.
arenal11::MN will be the lovable underdogs.  Hustle, heart, with Rubio's passing, KLove's all around game, Pek's hulk-smash, and AK doing everything...there are alot of interesting tangibles.  Very marketable against say the LAL or Heat...team ball vs the superstars.
freediej54::as long as david stern and the tv networks are running the league the wolves have no chance
JohnMosbyGuy::Minnesota might garner some national interest; I hate to say it, not because they're good, but because they're so white.
artraider2001::I agree I love the fight in this team and agressivenes
JohnMosbyGuy::Man, I'm liking my own comment. I'm excited about this team. Let's just keep fighting and win as many times as possible and hold out for the cavalry.
PhilMNAP::And they're super young too.
arenal11::AK isn't that young, and he is the defensive glue.  However, he's got a good 3-5 years left.  I'm just hoping he'll stick around for less than 10M/season as Pek will need to be signed this offseason, and I'm also hoping he'll take less than what he'd get on the market.  Rubio, Love, Shved, Pek, Bud, Cunningham, Steimsma are all very young and I hope they stick together.
pogi_mavs::waived murphy and cunningham get andersen and fisher...
pogi_mavs::cunningham in dallas...
mgbasketball10::You're high if you want to waive Dante.
Cwaikman::anyone know where to watch the game highlights or recap?
