NickFoles1::Has anyone noticed that when Bryant is not hogging the ball the Lakers win.?
elibird4321::No. I notice that when the Lakers are playing well he doesn't have to try and take over a game and attempt to invoke his will. Bottom line: If the Lakers are not playing well, he tends to shoot more. If they are he tends to shoot less.
Zreid99::Garbage is as garbage does....
Zreid99::Nope....
Zreid99::Garbage win over a garbagevteam
fastfootedone::so there's nothing the Lakers could do to impress then....if they lose, you would mock them, if they win a close win it would be embarrassing, if they win by 30 it's garbage.....Maybe a shutout would be somewhat impressive?!...LMAO
jj232830::Its only the fourth game people, lets see what kobes shooting in march, of course its at a +50%, he took 10 shots last game and made 2 of 3 that were from 3 pt range. The majority of his 7 shots were inside 14 feet and one was a layup so he made 2 jumpshots at most within 14 feet of the rim. So 1 lay up, 4 jumpers and took 10 attempts, thats not worth talking about now or later. MWP had a better shooting night in this game then kobe and stayed out of foul trouble while defending still.
jj232830::I have and he is taking better shots, and is also getting easy layups by running down court before his team gets a rebound for a layup thats not defended. Thats why his average is higher, hes not taking as many shots especially from behind 14 feet. Its good for lakers since they have a chance if kobe has only 12-18 attempts with only 2-3 of those from 14 feet or more away from the rim. Lakers are a better team with him playing a passing roll.
Mazyck2003::What an idiot.  Firstly you think by running off some stats which you can look up, it makes your point? No the reality is, the Lakers are a better team when they have participation from others, not Kobe being a passer.    You want stats here are some, MWP had a stretch last year where he shot 19% form the floor.   Had 11 games where he had 3 points or less.  Fisher had about the same amount of games.  Who was suppose to make up those points?  The Lakers had the worst bench in the NBA last year, please tell me who was suppose to make up those points?   Your philosophy, keep passing the ball to MWP, McRobert, and others.   RIght.  You should get off the  sports blog.  TO make any evaluation about players this early in the season is immature and premature.  That's why all the NBA experts are saying its too early right now to see how good the Lakers are or how bad they are.   But to your point, Kobe should pass it more because the Lakers are a better team. Idiot.   Stats do not tell the entire story in a basketball game, if it did Fisher wouldn't have played in the NBA, because he was a lousy PG, but it was his timely BIG shots, well 2 in his entire career.   Anyway Kobe is  shooting guard, pay attention to the word "shooting", he's not a point guard, but has to be the Lakers leading assist player for more than 10 years of his career.    The guy who can ran off stats, is alway, and typically, a person who has know skills in this game, other than carrying a towel.
jj232830::Hes taking less 3 pt attempts each game then usual and has been taking more shots inside 14 feet like before. Kobe averaged over 50% shooting in january 2011 thru 4 games also but couldnt do it all season. Harden had a 45 point game that was just as good as kobes 40 plus harden added 6+ asst, and 6+ rebounds. Its only 4 games in it wont last.
_The Maestro_::I would agree if kobe had been taking more shots. But that just hasn't been the case. Choosing his spots nicely. If you would watch the games...
Mr372::You spend a lot of time looking up Kobe stats...what gives?
_The Maestro_::when he scored 40, He took 23 shots, over 10 were jumpers, and shot 57% That game. He's averaging 53% From 3. thats crazy. Clearly he's been working on his jumper and has been better at it than he's recently been.
jj232830::Ray allen is at 62% and 56% from 3. Hes also in his 17th season and older by a couple years and at the same position as kobe, SG. Tonight hes 3-3 from 3 pt for 100% and 3-6 total which is 50%  in hes also averaging 18+ pts so far off the bench. Kobes 7th for guards shot % and 2 spots behind allen in 3 pt % at 7th. That is not the best at SG in either area.
dudeitserick::and you forget the other 3 games SMH.
jj232830::One of the other 3 kobe did not attempt a single 3 pt shot and had under 25 pts but plus was a no show in assists, rebounds while having 7+ turnovers. Gasol and howard led in that game also. Kobe was the third option and left for open shots and easy layups.
_The Maestro_::kobe on his effeciency ... "The [offense] opens the floor up a little bit more," said Bryant, who told Brown earlier in the day that the 40 points he had Friday was one of the easiest 40-point games of his career because of the opportunities the offense affords him. "I have the ball and move a little bit more. The other part of that, I've been healthy all summer and have been able to get in phenomenal shape. I feel very strong, despite the ankle. I'm shooting the ball very well."  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- If kobe says that 40pt game was one of the easiest in his career, then we might see a 50pt game from Mr. Bryant this year...
dudeitserick::101 pt game lmao.
_The Maestro_::lol I still think kobe's 81 was better than wilts 100. Wilt was fed all night and kept getting layup and dunk over and over. He just couldn't be guarded. He was bigger than everyone else. He averaged 50pts per game that year. Kobe's was much tougher to get.
rohan_joseph84::Kobe will shoot a higher % this year than any gaurd ever . and after he retires some will say he is greater than m.j. some will say for sure his offense has never been seen before in the history of the nba at that age. remember this comment guys. highest fg% for a s.g . i predicted this in the olympics when i saw what floor spacing did for him. thats what it did for lebron last year, charmers, battier ,wade a a strectch four in bosh and him at p/f. any small forward who plays p/f will avearge 9 boards a game , put kobe power forward and go small her will avearge 9 boards a game , rebounds are overated most of the boards when u play p/f just comes straight to u .
jj232830::Kobe will not continue to allow his stat line drop just so he can have a high fg % while his ppg drop. Especially if the lakers continue winning with his teammates ppg average jumping above kobes. Kobe was showing sign of irratation as his teammates ignored him calling for the ball by passing to a different player over him.
scoot_swanson::Mario Charmers is better than Koby.
alec613::Reason why Kobe is efficient in the last 4 games is the floor spacing.  Bynum usually camps, clogging the lane along with Gasol. So having Dwight, who's pretty active, is helping a lot.
SourKushOG13haze::I think Metta or Pau goes down with injury... hope not
fastfootedone::hopefully Artest
SourKushOG13haze::Since Kobe said we're dumb then screw him
fastfootedone::in your case isn't he correct?..LOL
dudeitserick::and people said D Wade was gonna be better this year? GTFO with that hot garbage.
alec613::Wade, playing small ball with the Heat, will still be efficient. They have great floor spacing and great ball movement, He'll still thrive there.  wonder what would happen if Wade were to play with a traditional lineup. He'd definitely have less room to operate
_The Maestro_::LMFAO!! "hot garbage".
dudeitserick::its true tho lol.
rohan_joseph84::yup, wade won that dallas series going to the line 91 times in six game. smh the refs killed dallas in 2006 poor dirk at the time lol
_The Maestro_::lol dwade is not on kobe's level. I used to like watching him play, but he's definitely lost it. Keeps complaining for callls and bricking mid range jumpers. The man isn't the same...
222222222boomboom444444444::you know your team is irrelevant when they play tonight but you rather stay on the lakers board from last night. and its more active lol. 40 comments lol.
dudeitserick::is it me or is Kobe playing like its 2008 all over again? anybody agree?
dudeitserick::dayum is that even possible?
_The Maestro_::lol I know, its crazy. I guess so. If mike brown can keep kobe rested and oly at around 33 minutes per game, he'll be able to keep this consistent play.
_The Maestro_::I would say even better. Honestly, i've never seen kobe shoot so well before. His stroke looks automatic. It's truly amazing, but at 34, he seems to have lost his athleticism, but gotten better. Truly a testament to him relying on his SKILL, and not ATHLETICISM.
Lakermagicshowtime::The offense is the one thats making it happen, he dont have to work so hard for his shots like last year
Lakermagicshowtime::He is actually playing better
dudeitserick::lmao he even got the sleeve from 08 and everything.
alec613::Lol, Zinbay you're still here?
_The Maestro_::ZinBayArea. Devoted his whole day to hate on kobe. Has been here since morning. Does this guy have  life??? It's pretty pathetic...
kcheck212::and he speaks of others having a crush on Kobe, see several posts down
ZinBayArea::Anyone have a tampon?  The guy who Bleeds Laker Gold was looking for one...
dudeitserick::Lebrick is looking for his butt buddy. ^
dudeitserick::lmao smh KOBE IS PLAYING LIKE A PG/SG lmao
LakersDH12::kind of like westbrook??
dudeitserick::don't compare westbrick to kobe bryant right now lmao.
LakersDH12::Kobe Bryant is still the best ISO player in the world so why not just hand him the rock every time down court and let Howard, Gasol rebound? lol
Lakermagicshowtime::Im starting to get this PO, if the Lakers play just ISO and pick and roll others team to death they probably would be 4-0 right now but what about May and June?Too predictable and easy to contain, even with all those turnovers the offense itself is mega efficient, when they get those turnovers down this team will outgun any team every night, and once that Howard get his defensive timing back the whole defense will stabilize and improve. But Brown needs to play Meeks and Jamison so they can get on rithym how can they get it rythim if they dont know they are even playing that night?Brown needs to figure out his damn rotations he have 12 games to do so,enough with the tinkering and decide!!!
ZinBayArea::Kobe is now about the 75th best guy in the NBA--on a good night...  Lakers will never get another ring with Brick Boy on the team...
Lakermagicshowtime::Must be killing you seeing those numbers " Lakers will never get another ring with Brick Boy on the team" Brought to you by the same haters that brought you "Kobe cant win w/o shaq"
dudeitserick::LMAO kobe bryant: 26.8ppg 59.7 fg% 52.9 3pt% 94.7%ft.   So hows you're boy LEBRICK doing?
dudeitserick::lmao kobe won't miss more than 10 times so no rebounds for them.
Kobe6rings2013::i guess that win shut up the trolls...there nowhere to be found
ZinBayArea::Illiterate crackhead with a crush on Kobe....^^^^^^^^^
kcheck212::ZinBayAreaIlliterate crackhead with a crush on Kobe.... ----  thats funny coming from you....all your posts have to do with Kobe
Lakermagicshowtime::A hater worst nightmare  Kobe Bryant: 26.8ppg 59.7 fg% 52.9 3pt% 94.7%ft. The PO works once they figured it out completely this team will be a juggernaut.
ZinBayArea::Lakers are 1-3 with Kobe playing great.  Wait until he reverts to 3 for 21 form...
_The Maestro_::Do you not have a life? You've been here ALL DAY, STRICTLY to hate on the lakers. Go back to the heat forums
Lakermagicshowtime::no idea and i dont believe his shooting will come down but he should be close to 50% and way better than last year
_The Maestro_::MY GOODNESS!!! Lol we've all been fooled. Kobe wide open is the best shooter in the LEAGUE!! Just wait until nash gets back. Kobe is definitely averaging over 50% this year. Maybe even over 55%. Has that ever been done by a shooting guard before? Over 50% obviously has been done. But over 55%??
scoot_swanson::Lakers record has an asterisk.   1* - 3
ZinBayArea::If the Lakers are going to run the Princeton, they should bring in Bill Bradley to play the point...  Not much older than Nash...
roiQuiao::i heard phil jackson is coming back
Le Brick::How dare you get my hopes up!
lakers will be 2013 champs::the lakers didnt just beat a horrrible team...  they beat the $@%! out of a horrible team. biggest win margin in a while.
par4no1a::as a Lakers fan this "celebration" over the Pistons is pretty pathetic
Lakerloverchamp2010::Quit drinking the Haterade.
GI Joe With The KungFu Grip::who's "celebrating"?
dajakaty62::Should beating the Pistons even count as a win?
Lebrons forehead is huge 2.0::Your favorite team has probably beaten pathetic teams before too.  I bet you count those as wins, right?
_Furious_::1/2 a win.
Lebrons forehead is huge 2.0::I'm no Laker fan, but anyone can see that Mike Brown is a fuggin' moron!  Installing a pick n roll offense with the personnel they have would dominate the rest of the league.  The Lakers would be unstoppable.  But no, Mike Brown prefers the pansy Princeton offense...  Fire his a.s.s.!!
420tommy1988::and ill admit pau is pretty soft when going against guys like tyson chandler, garnett, perkins and so on but offensively he blows basically every center and most power forwards out of the water with his offensive skills.....once again....idiot
420tommy1988::thedevil....you are an idiot....if dwight wasnt physical he wouldnt win dpoy year in year out and alter basically every shot he has a chance to defend.....hes in better shape than mostly any center ever and runs the court without a problem....always has the most blocks and rebounds in the whole league also...you are an idiot and should be banned for such nonsense
Thedevil25::No they wouldn't.  What personnel are you talking about?  Two of the softest big man you have ever seen.  MWP is horrible.  Blake as the backup right now is garbage.
par4no1a::Devil, 2 times champs and 3 times defensive player of the year, you call soft?  accomplish those and you have the right to label the whatever you like softie
mintzerkj4eva::There is nothing soft about Howard
Thedevil25::Really?  Please don't tell me that you think Howard and Pau are phyiscal players.  Cause if you do i would love to hear your explanation.
_Furious_::Who are the two soft big men?
NBASPORTSFAN101::i would take Jeff Van gundy as coach of the Lakers.
par4no1a::SLOAN!!! Pick and Roll all day..  Stockton/Malone p&amp;r was lethal. Imagine Nash/Howard/Gasol p&amp;r.. thats would be awesome
_Furious_::Jeff would probably have issues with Dwight after what went down with SVG and Dwight.
_Furious_::Phil is not coming back.  D'antoni is not the answer - he basically a mirror image of Mike Brown, but just as bad.   Sloan's personality is not a good fit for that team.
_Furious_::I'm pretty sure JVG doesn't want to even talk to Dwight much less coach him.
NBASPORTSFAN101::jerry sloan, D'antoni, phil jackson off the top. could be options if LA contacted them
Dodger_Bum1980::Very true....anybody else other than VanGundy?
NBASPORTSFAN101::i dont think so. if so i think they could work it out for the good of tthe team
NBASPORTSFAN101::jeff is a good coach, i think he can put this team together. ideally there are others but ill take Jeff
FadeBackShoot2Points::I'll take anybody over mike brown
NBASPORTSFAN101::BROWN needed this win desperately to keep his JOB. see how they do against the JAZZ, a better team
ramerico::Have to go to work, but for my last line of the morning I would like to say:  I command all anti-Lakers trolls to stay on this board, don't you go anywhere. I command you to keep trolling and don't stop. kekekeke  Later all, cul8rs
FadeBackShoot2Points::I actually do hope the lakers get it together..I really wanna see lebron finally own kobe in the finals like he's owned him in all those regular season games.
The Overrated Mamba::Kobe never respected Phil Jackson as a coach so I believe you Lakers fans are stuck with Mike Brown this year.
The Overrated Mamba::Phil Jackson will never come back.  Kobe pushed him away trying to challenge his coaching.  I think Phil stepped away like...."you don't need me anymore dude"
NBASPORTSFAN101::Phil would come back if jerry buss asked, hes dating jerrys daughter. im sure Phil doesnt like to see the Lakers losing either, especially when hes dating the daughter of the LAkers owner
_Furious_::Hard to know if this win really means anything - Pistons' best player is Greg Monroe, so if the Lakers had lost it would have been beyond shocking.
_Furious_::Then again I didn't expect them to lose to the Mavs with no Dirk either...
NBASPORTSFAN101::means nothing. they beat this team on pure talent alone.
FadeBackShoot2Points::kobe is pretty entertaining when things aren't going his way, he says shocking things
Dodger_Bum1980::That's anybody....next question
_Furious_::Not really.
The Overrated Mamba::James Harden is out of OKC but San Antonio is still strong.  I really don't see the Lakers getting past either team.  Both teams have better chemistry, better defending teams, and better offensive teams.
FadeBackShoot2Points::I only wanna see the lakers lose because I wanna see how kobe reacts, he's not so optimistic under pressure..he tends to lose his cool and start throwing everybody under the bus when things aren't going good.
The Overrated Mamba::That's Kobe's style....beating up on the Weak.  This won't happen against the Heat.  Promise you that.
alec613::heard trhat already
The Overrated Mamba::Ok....how about this.  Kobe can't do it this year because he doesn't have Phil Jackson.  If Phil was around, he'd get some respect because Phil is his protection.
MiraclesBoys33::so the lakers couldn't play like this their last 2 games lol
The Overrated Mamba::Kobe ACTS like a defensive player.  He also ACTS like he is Michael Jordan's replacement but really he is just a replica.....NEVER THE REAL THING.  Kobe is slowly fading away into the shadows.
ramerico::Who's fading next after Kobe? Wade is getting there, carried Heat long time
NBASPORTSFAN101::*cough* Hater *cough cough*
The Overrated Mamba::Proud Hater.  Can't stand egotistical players.  When things get rough, they fold like girls.
ramerico::I love my Lakers =)
The Overrated Mamba::So do the rest of the Asians and Mexicans that live in LA.
ramerico::I live in Silver Lake :wave:
The Overrated Mamba::Al Jefferson is gonna do work on Dwight Howard tomorrow.  Lakers get ready, 1 - 4 tomorrow.
ramerico::That big ball is the Larry O'brien trophy
alec613::theyre playing wednesday
alec613::relax dude
The Overrated Mamba::Whatever.  Either way, your Lakers suck big balls.
_Furious_::I gotta give it to Kobe - he's been shooting the ball efficiently so far - we will see how long it continues.
FadeBackShoot2Points::there's a reason he's never even shot 47% in his 16 seasons in the league, it's not going to last long.
SF Giants World Champions::5-10 is not effective when you're supposed to be an MVP caliber shooting guard!
alec613::better floor spacing with Dwight than with Bynum , who just camps around
The Overrated Mamba::Mr. Ball-Hog is going at weaker teams like he has been his whole career.  I'm sure an injury is gonna come up so he can elude the elite teams.
The Overrated Mamba::What else is there to talk about?  Jerebko had a great game last night?  Start trolling.  I'll start, LeBron James is better than Kobe Bryant.
The Overrated Mamba::The Lakers are pathetic.  The look more like an expansion team than a team that has won 16 Championships.
ramerico::=)
ramerico::T.rolls R.eally O.bscenely L.ove L.akers, I.m N.ot G.ulling
ramerico::That was wrong Ramerico
SF Giants World Champions::Fail!:(
ramerico::S.illy F.an  G.ot I.ncredibly A.ttacked N' T.oppled S.tairs
The Overrated Mamba::Kobe may still get 40pts. but nobody is gonna care except his Mamba Maniacs.
alec613::you certainly care a lot.  lol, look at your username
The Overrated Mamba::Derrick Favors is gonna muscle his way to a double-double against Pau Gasol.
The Overrated Mamba::Gordin Hayward is about to get up in that a.ss!  Let's go Jazz!
FadeBackShoot2Points::the lakers are going to lose to utah, then it's going to be panic time all over again
