Gary Krall::I'm guessing this isn't what Pacers fans had in mind when they said it would be another asswhoopin'.
Kyle Raymer::You get a like from me here.
Scott Hall::Where are those posts at? I have been here all day and havent heard one pacer fan say that
Kyle Raymer::Hawks must have decided to play basketball tonight.
Brandon Moore::Chicago Bulls: Streakbusters v2
John Chapman::Booooo!!!!!!
Adam Youman::John Chapman -> butthurt pacers fan
John Chapman::Dummy Adam! I don't like the Pacers or the Cows, freak!
Will McCoy::Bulls and Pacer fans can we all come together and agree that the Knicks are a terrible basketball franchise?
Nate Rose::absolutely
Emmanuel S. McDaniel::No doubt.
Alamdar H. Musavi::I agree, what a waste of space, they should just hire Isaiah again so we could laugh at them some more.
Ninep Younatham::Bulls will end this streak just like they end everyone elses.
Jay Wahl::Too bad the Bulls were never going to be on a streak.
Alamdar H. Musavi::Jay Wahl They are on a four game win streak and are still undefeated at home
Ed DeSalle::Then get DESTROYED by the Heat come playoff time! LMFAO!
Liam Gallagher::Indiana fans were way too cocky tonight!!!! Like I said earlier it's a long season. Indiana you are going to have a dog fight trying to get past Miami and Chicago. And yes those are the best 2 teams in the east!! Followed by you(Indiana) and then Brooklyn.
Scott Hall::lol
Benny Thai Tran::Scott Hall , I second LOL that.
Liam Gallagher::Phil Stamm It's not based on one game! It's based on the Bulls winning a playoff series last year with like four or five starters hurt!! Now they are all healthy and Derrick and the rest of the team are finally getting into rythem. This is the Bulls team you will see the rest of the year!
Paul Steeno::SEE RED  Where are all those cocky pacers fans now? I thought that the Bulls were done, DROSE sucks, and the pacers were going to run the table?
Scott Hall::lol
Paul Steeno::yeah lol at all of your cocky comments before the game and after the last one. SEE RED
Scott Hall::Paul Steeno Care to point them out
Brandon K. Davis::Pacers fans…AND PLAYERS…Were running their mouths after the first win over the Bulls…Now when the Bulls blow them out, it's not a big deal and they don't care. #LittleBrotherSyndrome
Scott Hall::I cant believe the Bulls are in first either.
Brandon K. Davis::Scott Hall You're one of those NEW Pacer fans huh? You're EXTREMELY excited and vocal right now. You can tell guys who's teams have never won anything before. Guess I can't tell you to "act like you've been here before."
Scott Hall::Brandon K. Davis I have been a Pacer fan since Roger Brown days
Viju Patel::1ST LOSS COMING SOON at a STADIUM NEAR YOU, HAHAHAHAHA. GO BULLS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Corey Pyle::Oh, wait, the Bulls haven't lost at home yet?
Matthew McGavin::Corey Pyle nope our 3 losses our on the orad against the heat, the pacers and the 76ers by 1 and yet espn says were "struggling"
Corey Pyle::Matthew McGavin Well they were struggling. If you have a brain and two eyes (minus the rose-colored glasses), you'd see exactly that. They have not look great at all. Now they've got a good win under their belt but so far that ONE GAME has been the exception to the rule. They will undoubtedly be a better team later on, same with most struggling teams that we all know will be in the Playoffs.
Kelly Scaletta::What's the difference between a Pacers fan before a game at the UC and after a game at the UC?  A Pacers fan  BEFORE a game at the UC talks a lot of trash.  I don't know WHAT a Pacers fan AFTER a game the UC says, because I can'f find any!
Greg Norfleet::probably say 9-1 > 5-3
Joseph Pankiewicz::Greg...dead serious. I had a friend of mine do text me that tonight. And what a pacers fan also says after the game is Colts beat the Bears in the Super Bowl!
Jim Radzom::Joseph Pankiewicz lol yeah, the Indiana fans know their place now.
Shane Fitzgerald::"The Bulls may have given Rose the night off against the sub-.500 Raptors knowing that 24 hours later they would be facing the NBA's best -- and one of their biggest rivals." Sorry, but the Bulls aren't our rivals.
Scott Hall::amen shane
JC White::If you think that these two teams don't view each other as rivals, even if only as regional rivals from being a few hours away, you are clueless. Face it sport, Indy is still Chicago's little sister in every aspect.
Scott Hall::JC White Still Butt Hurt over the SB?
Mike Plummer::If you took away the jump shot, if you added in a bunch of turnovers, if you only shot 30%, if you averaged more turnovers than assists, what would you have left? Derrick Rose.
Corey Pyle::Boom!
Marcos Kolioulis::If you had a ugly girl what would you have? Mike Plummer a worthless piece of s.hit
Matt Spaulding::hehe, quite clever
James Slattery::Bulls > Pacers.
Adam Youman::ALL DAY
Jay Wahl::LOL.. Yeah 5 - 3 is better than 9 - 1 .. Great logic, idiot. smh
Darrell Williams::Bulls will win....
Derrick Berry::I was saying that, but this looks like the best team in Indiana' s history. So i feel they will break the franchise record.
Zack Schooler::Since Bulls fans want to use our schedule to say we haven't beaten anyone yet. The record of the 4 teams they have beaten is a combined 11-27 so far this year. They are awful based on that horrible logic.
Jonah Swidan::AMEN!
Scott Hall::But but but, ROSE WAS THE MVP
Adam Lee May::Nobody was saying the Bulls have played a tough schedule. Though they have played the Heat and now Pacers twice.
Brianna Renée::Pacers shouldn't of talked so much sh-t.   Never antagonize the beast.
Tony Nacelewicz::The Pacers didn't say anything that was anywhere close to bulletin board material. The Pacers lost this game, but not a big deal. Indy beat Chicago at its place and the Bulls returned the favor. We'll have a few more matchups before this is settled.
Adam Youman::Tony Nacelewicz Yea but now youve unleashed the beast and theres no turning back. I suspect the next couple a bouts will be similar to this one
Denniz Rodman::Tony Nacelewicz Paul George did. He said Pacers now owns the Central until the Bulls take it? He failed to realize they won the Central last season...if I remember correctly, that was the season Derrick Rose was out.
David Kowal::Nice wake up call for the Pacers
Sudarsan Chandrasekhar::As a Pacer fan, I want D Rose to stay healthy.  The NBA is better when he is healthy.  And plus if we win our division over the Bulls with a healthy D Rose (no guarantees there) nobody can say "Pacers wouldn't have won the division if D Rose was healthy".  As a Pacer fan, I have a lot of respect for the Bulls team especially after last years playoffs.
Corey Pyle::Good point. And yes, it would be best not only to eliminate excuses but also to instill even more confidence in this team. The Pacers know they can do it but this will be the largest sample size this young team will have, thus far, at proving it. And they're obviously not taking that opportunity for granted, staying hungry. Gotta love it
Corey Pyle::A footnote:  Bulls' fans will still find a way to marginalize Pacers' success even if Rose is healthy. Many will still claim the "rusty"/chemistry excuse in February and March. Just watch
Scott Hall::Corey Pyle Already used it. That is after the preseason where they claimed he was abck with no rust.   Simple way to look at it. Rose plays bad = rusty. Rose plays well = He is back.
Jillian Roznowski::Welcome back to earth losers.  The bulls are the real team in the central.
Scott Hall::Stick to cooking
Adam Youman::Scott Hall is butthurt
Nelson Guillen::The Clips won 17 in a row last season and got bounced out in the first round.
Will McCoy::D ROSE IS COOKING
Clint Czar Jefferson::Hot grease lol
Lester Avellan::First lost of the season for the Pacers. Now everybody can jump out the bandwagon.
Scott Hall::how do you jump out of a bandwagon?
Benny Thai Tran::Scott Hall There are some real stupid posts from the Bulls Fans.  LOL
Adam Youman::You guys are just mad that you lost. Its ok im sure youll get over it eventually
Nathan Nieves::Guess the Pacers lose their superbowl.
Jonah Swidan::Wrong sport buddy, although Indy won that battle in 2006
Scott Hall::why would a team that is 9-0 feel like a game against a team 4-3 is their Super Bowl?
Adam Youman::Scott Hall I think he was being ironic
Scott Auburn::That's the best defense in NBA?
Scott Hall::Yep
Christopher Laporga::It is.
Adam Youman::Clearly not lol they let the bulls, one of the worst offense in the nba score 110 points? amateurs
Shawn Bento::From a neutral observer, the Pacers are the team to beat in the East, NOT Miami.
Scott Hall::Kyle Rusco I am sure you would have the same sentiment if the Bulls were 9-0
Ray Waterman::The Pacers are about to be 10-0!!
Scott Hall::Kyle Rusco LOL.
Marcos Kolioulis::all the rose haters are just jealous
Scott Hall::Of what?
Corey Pyle::Scott Hall Very valid question. If the Bulls would've kept Bellinelli and Nate I'd say they have a chance because they have some other pure scorers. Dunleavy can score but is too much of a def. liability to have a big impact every game. I wouldn't be confident about my team's chances if I was a Bulls fan
Scott Hall::Corey Pyle Dunleavy will score ya 12. Sadly he will give up 17
Zack Schooler::To be 10-0 and 2 wins over the Bulls to start the year would be great.
Liam Gallagher::How is that working out for you!!!!!! Did you guys win the championship tonight?????
