M::Finally the Knicks coaching staff realized you can't win many games with the kind of players they have available unless they start a true point guard.  i know Pablo Prigioni is a veteran and won't have a chance against guys like Tony Parker and Kyrie Irving, but hey, that's why basketball is a team game and not just 5 individuals shooting the ball.  The Knicks need Pablo to be on the court for 30 minutes each night and that will give them some success.  Look how bad the Nets were doing without their point guards and how awful are the Lakers in the same situation right now, they have to play Kobe Bryant as a point guard and he's not the guy who will have a nice assists per turnover ratio in that position.  Kobe had 24 assists and 17 turnovers in the last 3 games while Pablo had 16 asists and just 1 turnover.  Prigioni has been amazing this year in very limited playing time, 45% percent from the three point line and a 4:1 assist/turnover ratio.  I think they should trust him at the point guard position because right now, he's the best they have or at least the only one they have with a PG mentality, pass first, shoot when neccesary, you know, the kind of thing Stockton and Nash teached us.
Kenneth::Time to think out of the "Box" for Knicks Coaching and Players. And with their record, why not ? Carmelo is a natural scorer, every team needs one, so lets stop beating him up, its what it is. Why not start him at the 2, with Prigoni, and Amare, Martin,,, and soon Chandler underneath. 2nd group, Beno and Hardaway, Metta, Barg, and have Iman play the 3 here. Also have this group, full court press on occasion to shake somethings up ? Love My Knicks, so lets try something else K-Jet
Giovanni::Sad. I like Atlanta.
mark::The first team in the Atlantic Division to win 30 games automatically makes the playoffs!
kodo::NY's 4th quarter lineup played well together.
jimm:::/  Lets hope for a good 4th quarter.  Atlanta won't continue to shoot so well from 3 in the 4th quarter
Jamison::The Hawks shot 60% from the field, 47% from 3 and 100% from the line... Unreal!! Teams are just drilling shots against us, contested or not!! This #$%$ has to level out at some point..
L.E.S. the lower::The only thing I got from this game was how they can let a player like LeFlop,George,Nitvitski and  others get the those ticky tacky calls,while the star on my team is being mugged,right in from of some officials.and not get the call. Say what you want,the man takes a beating game in,game out.The only one on the team that actually drives to the basket...Without him the Garden would be empty......
PKM::Atlanta couldn't tank their division if they tried.
Josh::Come on Knicks.  Wasn't there supposed to be FeltonSanity after they got rid of Lin.  Don't tell me the Knicks got a 2nd seed last year because of the offensive mind of Jason Kidd.  You mean Woodson is really not that great of a Coach?  So, the reality is the Knicks just plain suk.
