Genuine Dee::The Rockets could be a lot better team...just too bad their coach does not know how to utilize the players they have. smh.
Ted Levy::this is simply a retarded statement
Genuine Dee::My retarded statements are true...
Ted Levy::Nope
Roberto Hu::great night for Jeremy!
Spidey Pete::Again, too small a sample size
Robert Moore::To all the people who criticize JLin's +/- stats, +24 tonight
Scott Been::He showed up no doubt.
Robert Yang::13 points, 8 assists and only 1 turn over!!  Lin also make two critical shoot and a assist during Q3 when the Spurs made a run.
Corey Hardin::He's perfect with superior talent around him. He just isn't a star.
Matt Micros::The Rockets are a much better team when they spread the ball around and keep Lin on the ball, than when Harden goes iso and jacks up 25 shots a game. The problem is that no matter how well they play all game, if it's close at the end, they will go Iso Harden and lose. McHale has a brutal record in games decided by 5 points or less.
Jen Smith::The best comment ever.
Spidey Pete::Iso-Harden because McHale allows it
Spidey Pete::Great teams hv good players n a great coach. Prima donnas always affect team consistencies
Quintus Greene::8 assists? Points? Who needs that? Bring back the exaggerated defensive upgrade of PB.
Steven Anacker::Great job, Rockets. Spurs pushed, Rockets pushed back. Now don't turn around and lose to a bad team.
Leland Wong::Contrary to stereotype, JL is a good defender, BR ranked him as a top 10 defender amongst PGs.
Jason Vu::He is a very good on ball defender....his only issues are fighting thru screens at times and sometimes drifting away from his man to over help his teammates.
Quintus Greene::Jason Vu Yeah, but he's always active and conscious. Getting stuck at screens could improve, but the help thing ... I mean, it was obvious people needed help on Dirk, for example. It's just unfortunate for Rockets that Dallas was shooting 3s with confidence. Lin could choose to simply lock up his man at almost any time other than on screens, when it's less obvious whether the right thing to do is switch or fight harder.
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::harden is over rated
James Warner::lol ok
Peter Peterr::Overrated but still better than Kobe :)
Tiago Machado::Peter Peterr what a stupid! Comparing with a player who is almost ending his brillant career. Let's compare with other SG's
Luke Bailey::I didn't get to catch the game, but looks like Houston made a statement with this one.  It takes time for the chemistry to come along when you add a new center that is supposed to be a major part of what you do on both ends of the court.  15 and 20... not bad Howard.  Though, I do see that SA gave up 40 in the first quarter.  Could have been quite a different game had the kept it tighter in the first.  Still, SA is a very good team, but a win like this on the road for Houston isn't something to overlook.
Justus Mack::Yeah I'd agree with you but The Rockets beat the spurs last time by coming out of the gate early like they did tonight.
Robert Newsome::The Spurs can thank the refs for allowing the back in this game.  I can't stand the drama queen Howard, but he got straight mugged 5 times in a row.   Then of course, they call a tough foul down at the other end.  The NBA refs make NHL refs look good.
Eric Davila::Please explain to me your logic in this, when tonight, he only went to the line 4 times...
Eric Davila::And only made 1 free throw...
Jeremy Gingrich::Exactly, he only went to the line 4 times. You just proved his point
Charles Xav Lee::Jeremy Lin played an all around great game. Especially on defense where supposed he's weak at thus not being the starter.
Geoff Griffin::Four points. He held TONY PARKER to FOUR points. Phenomenal job by Jeremy Lin on both ends of the court. Proud to be a Rockets fan.
Charles Xav Lee::On both ends of the court is right! There were many times last night Lin would play great defense then run down and initiate or finish the play on the other end.
Leland Wong::Rox be crazy to trade JL, he has played defense at an elite level for PGs all season as the defensive ratings have shown us and his 15 scoring average and shooting around 48% is not bad either. He is a lot better than PB. When JH is not a ball hog both DW12 , CP25, TJ and JL put up great numbers. If JH decides to play like KB or Melo that Iso stuff everything is lost.
Spidey Pete::JL would b crazy to play backup to PB
Jason Vu::JL is actually shooting 50% from the field and almost 40% from 3pt land.
Leland Wong::The last two weeks T jones had been playing like a wemp but today he broke out and took care of business and gave DW12 a hand. JH played a good all around game and was not a ball hog. See both JH and JL can play together with DW12 if JH is not a hog..
Stanley Foster::Lakers fan here - Even though DHoward was with us for such a short time, he became part of the Laker family - I still want him to succeed (not against us, of course!) and do well - No negative feelings here, it's obvious Houston is a much better fit for him - He's NOT the go-to guy like he thinks he should be - He's an important piece to a very good team -
Patrick Foote::every player in Houston's starting 5 played really well.  Terrence Jones has serious potential. Maybe the Rockets can trade Asik for a few nice bench players. Greg Smith is a underrated backup 5, and we've got PG depth, but we need a better 2 and 3 backup. Garcia has been pretty bad this year, and Casspi shoots too much.
Jason Vu::Rockets match up very well against the Spurs...Lin did a great job in locking down Parker. Kawi seems to have problems guarding JH. The starters were beasting tonight.
Alan Ogg::spurs fans crying about refs AT home, when they have 0 calls in the 4th quarter against them . LMAO  sad fanbase
Jared Johnson::Where are Spurs fans crying about fouls?
Dan Alejandro::Spurs DO NOT look hungry...they all look satisfied/lackadaisical with their place in history.  Only Ginobli playing 100%
Michael John Maestro Aurora::J'espère que vous avez un Joyeux Noël. Je suis à Paris, en France maintenant (était Marsailles) (connaissez Espagne (Madrid et Barcelone), dirige pour la Suisse, l'Allemagne, et trois villes en Italie (Florence, Milan et bien sûr, Rome). Aller voir le pape ( Francis).  Happy New ans à partir de l'Europe
Sam Shirel::wtf does that mean
Alec Legg::Sam Shirel google translate, how does it work???
Sam Shirel::u cant on this
Allen Crumley::Amazing how well Dwight is playing without Kobe driving him insane :)
Tommy Noonan::Dwight actually had plenty of 15 and 20 games last season. He didn't mesh well with the Lakers and Kobe but the biggest thing hindering Dwights game were injuries. He was trying to play himself into shape all season long and didn't look like old dwight howard until toward the end of the season. Anyone who watched Dwight play last year and is now watching him play this year realizes he is running and jumping far better than last year. He was not an explosive player with the Lakers.
Jeremy Gingrich::James Harden had Spurs fans like "No Harden No!" lol
Chris Cano::Spurs fans have felt thus way since the conference finals against OKC :/ heck of a player, has our number that's for sure
Ayn Bland::Spurts about to be embarrassed at home -- again.
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::whatever you say ayn, whatever you say. basketball aside i wanna wish you a merry christmas.
Kunami Mata::I laugh every time you say Spurts, I swear.  Seriously though, Houston needs to win this. Again.
Jeremy Gingrich::Wow that was vey accurate. Nice job bro
David Aulds::Big win for the Rockets!!!
Leland Wong::Going to be a competitive game but the Spurs are just too strong. Asik is hurt and can not help.
Matt Mcguckin::plus neither harden or lin are very good defenders, so parker should play well. I'm predicting spurs but you never know.
Danny Owen-Kohutek::Matt Mcguckin Asik isn't hurt. He wants to be traded.
Ryan Dougherty::Danny - Asik has ALSO been injured last few weeks...
Genuine Dee::Jeremy Lins having a good season but i feel Mchales preventing him from having a Great season. Harden is our go to guy no matter how bad he shoots but he cant be jacking up somany shots. Howards a BUM! after all these years he still lacks fundamentals smh.
Peter Peterr::Howard is the Rockets best and most consistent player.
Genuine Dee::I call him a BUM because he talks big about wining chips,big contracts, and complains for not having the ball in his hands. Yet he hasnt elevated his offensive game in the past few years. Although he is a Great Defender,Blocker,Rebounder and has good stats. He is just annoying and i personally dont like him much. OVERRATED! NO FUNDAMENTAL HOWARDS GONNA BE LIKE STOUDAMIRE SOON ONCE HIS ATHLETISM GONE HE WILL BE A BUM!
Jacob Chen::We're 9th or 10th in defensive efficiency because of Dwight. Do not underrate the importance of defense.
Figaro Tsai::Harden is a very poor defender. All he does is just score and beautify his stats. No defense, no win the game. He seems not to konw this. He just is an ordinary and premature player.
Steven Anacker::He's a premature player? No win the game? Say what?
James Warner::lemme guess LoF?
Jeremy Gingrich::It sounds like you are a premature basketball fan lol
