Wadewiz21::That loss is huge for Philadelphia. Makes their chances at playoffs even farther away
Brickyyy Rubio::john wall still sucks. EVERY YEAR HE SUCKED AND HE WILL ALWAYS SUCK. you can bank on that.
ImOffendedByCensorship::"Brickyy Rubio" eh?  Yeah, silly point guards with handles, they all suck.
PartTimeHomer::16pts and 8 assists for a guy that came into the league as a teenager. Those are the first two years. Those are not "suck" numbers.   Good recovery defender and steps up his D in crunch time. That's not a "suck" attitude.   Has he been a little off coming back from a decently serious injury? Yes. Does anyone with half a brain expect that to always be the case? No.
ksooklal::To anybody saying Philadelphia sports &gt; Washington sports, let's relive the last Philadelphia Super Bowl... it's okay I'll wait. The NFL is king of all sports, and the NFL has had much better cities to win its Super Bowl trophies (including Baltimore and Washington) than Philadelphia.
Aliens611::?
sugarglyder::Top rookies as of right now:  Waiters Beal Davis Lillard
jan2x::Doug Collins may not be a great coach, but one thing is for sure, he's a funny guy!
madmikey63::good coach....minimal  talent
Podiceps::That phantom foul call at the end was huge. Wall expected contact, didn't get it, and crashed to the floor...but gets the call and makes the go-ahead FTs.  Ouch.   I don't suppose that play makes the highlight reel.
The_Iron_Fist::Bull. There was no foul. And as the man says, that was a HUGE phantom call.  The Sixers get no respect from the officials. It's been like that all year. Holiday is the only one and even then it depends who they're playing.
PartTimeHomer::He was tripped.
antman0789::BIG loss by the Sixers.....in a good way.  Let's hope Washington gets hot, we keep losing.  Keep moving up in the draft lottery.
TChun321::Alex Len and Nerlen Noels backs up erovners statement
erovner::It doesn't matter.  The lottery is weak with big men.
phillyman08::If you were the Sixers GM, would you go after Paul Milsap or Al Jefferson or Josh Smith this off season?
brettporter112::Jefferson is 28. I wouldn't consider that old
slickwatts100::what about howard?
FadeawayJ56::Josh Smith if they can get him, but I don't see it
Pittsburgh Sports Fan 60::definitely not Al Jefferson, hes getting too old, probably Josh Smith first and settle for Milsap
jaywilson84::Any chance the 76ers can make a sign and trade Bynum to the Raptors for next year first round pick?
slickwatts100::bynum should have zero trade value. it would take a stupid trade partner
Rico The Magnificent::I thought Wall was in a slump?  Did he bang a fat chick?
PartTimeHomer::Guy's had a couple of bad games since coming back from injury and people want to write him off for some reason. Yes, his jumper is nonexistent most nights, but everything else has been pretty solid.
OUVan59::The Wizards are 14-11 with Wall and 5-28 without him.  Anyone that thinks he's not a positive player is an idiot.
PartTimeHomer::slickwatts100 - he not a smart player  Sure, why not. lol
slickwatts100::he not a smart player
nelll504::Slump? He's been solid since his return from injury. If you're only referring to his shooting, his entire career has been a "slump."
Pittsburgh Sports Fan 60::slickwatts, here are your ten guys:  1. Wall 2. Cousins 3. Favors 4. George 5. Hayward 6. Sanders 7. and I only have six, because Avery Bradley and Evan Turner are about equal
The_Iron_Fist::The Hibbert miss was huge. What were the Sixers thinking?!
slickwatts100::cousins is a punk and the other guys are busts. we could have taken wes johnson. i'm happy with turner. holiday and thad young didn't get this good over night it took time. turner is close to putting it together. he'll never be a superstar but he can definitely be a key contributer to a championship team
Pittsburgh Sports Fan 60::I don't think I am overrating Favors, I see what he does for Utah, and he doesn't get enough credit for it, but you are right on Faried and Hibbert
slickwatts100::don't overrate favors. like i said earlier we should have taken hibbert over speights and we passed on kenneth farried too. different story if we made the right pick those two years
Pittsburgh Sports Fan 60::Turner was worth a top 10 pick, but looking back now, Philly probably needed a big man, and Favors has the size to play Center
Pittsburgh Sports Fan 60::yeah, Wes Johnson has never really developed in the NBA
slickwatts100::i'd take bradley over most those guys cause he's a defensive demon. he put curry on ice a couple nights ago
Pittsburgh Sports Fan 60::yeah he is a really solid player, but most of these guys get graded on offensive talent, however I have Sanders high on my list because of his defensive and rebounding skills
nelll504::Slickwatts is so $@%!$@%!!! It's funny.
nelll504::Dude, i'll be the first to admit that the wizards have been awful to mediocre since the arenas/jamison/butler days. But it's funny that a sixers fan can't come to terms with the idea that the Wizards have a better outlook for next year.
slickwatts100::you're not looking at the 35 mil we have coming off the books this summer+ holiday turner and young are all good building blocks with valuable playoff experience. do you guys have any?
slickwatts100::they bleeped you but i'm sure it was a compliment cause i'm adding a lot of truth to this discussion
nelll504::*butth.urt
slickwatts100::speaking of bad picks hows the jan veasley hall of fame resume shaping up?
itsnottagame::Wizards playing good ball since wall returned. They still need an all star. Wall is good and has his little burst but I think he needs a bonafied star next to him to push him to the next level not playing beside mediocres. Kyrie has already passed his level...he need to catch up
UcantspellChampWithoutAnM::No reason why the Wizards can't be the 5 seed in the playoffs next year. But then they'll just be on that Arenas/Jamison level.
rsilver14::funniest thing ive heard all night
slickwatts100::i don't think bynum would fake it during a contract year, that'd be just stupid
jaywilson84::explain how he suffered an injury while bowling then?
slickwatts100::bad shoes. he slipped on the turtle wax
jaywilson84::Is the 76ers going to give Bynum a max contract after this season?
slickwatts100::$@% no are you crazy?
Pittsburgh Sports Fan 60::Turner was definitely a first round talent, just he was always viewed as a lottery pick because of his college accomplishments, in my opinion a lottery pick has to have the potential to be more of an impact player than he is
slickwatts100::lebron james type guys don't enter the draft every year. he's not the best example of a bad #2 pick
Pittsburgh Sports Fan 60::I realize that, but at #2 I either want a guy with size and explosive ability, or a guard that can hurt teams with his shot and explosive speed to the hoop
PATSORGENOS2012::I agree.  Part of me feels for the guy.  He was put in a bad position to be a franchise savior with the #2 pick.  I think he has the potential to be a consistent, solid NBA player.  A nice piece to a good team.  Kind of like Iguodala actually
Pittsburgh Sports Fan 60::completely agree, hes the definition of a great role player, on the level of a Joe Johnson or a guy like Klay Thompson for the Warriors
slickwatts100::the wbc aint the olympics and people need to stop pretending it is. this time is for getting ready for the mlb season. dice k screwed a whole season up pitching 7 inning in that crappy tournament
Pittsburgh Sports Fan 60::dice K was always a fluke
slickwatts100::now he's franconas problem in cleveland
nelll504::I remember in 2010 when everyone was saying the Wizards should take Evan Turner. LOL.
slickwatts100::the wizards suck with or without wall. turner is the best rebounding guard in the league. he'll be alright
nelll504::And everyone knows you can't win a championship without a premier rebounding guard!
Pittsburgh Sports Fan 60::John Wall was the pick there all the way, Evan Turner got overrated because he played in the Big 10
slickwatts100::name 9 guys from that draft better than him
Pittsburgh Sports Fan 60::he doesn't have hops or explosive speed, I wouldn't have taken him in the top 10
slickwatts100::he was the ncaa player of the year
jaywilson84::What exactly is wrong with Andrew Bynum?  I don't think there was any real injury (not anything that was considered official anyways).
slickwatts100::he had a procedure done before the season and it was a disaster
xVillaCat::Honestly call it a conspiracy if you want, but I just don't think that Bynum wants to play for this team.
xVillaCat::I mean really, I think he's over-exaggerating with his 'recent pains'. I really don't understand how you played in the NBA for so long if you get injured from bowling out of all things.
PATSORGENOS2012::He's made that clear with his body language and statements, IMO.  I believe he is truly hurt, but there is more to this
Pittsburgh Sports Fan 60::its a meniscus injury
FlyGuys_623::his knees are shot
FlyGuys_623::still angry at jroll for participating in the wbc
xVillaCat::Hey man, gotta represent your country.
xVillaCat::I know, I feel the same as majority of the fan base. But we gotta make the best out of it anyways.
FlyGuys_623::just felt like he should be all in considering this may be their last great year
FlyGuys_623::i just wish he was more committed
Pittsburgh Sports Fan 60::all our guys declined to participate in the WBC, besides Wandy Rodriguez pitching for the DR
slickwatts100::rollins utley howard all washed up the phillies suck too
FlyGuys_623::have fun with victorino lol
PATSORGENOS2012::Wrong
potato623::Why?
PATSORGENOS2012::It gives Revere some time at the top of the lineup.....and Jimmy has been through these a bunch.  Not worried about him....if he pops up at the WBC or hits a ground ball, he wont run anyway lol
jaywilson84::Is Bynum going to be ready to play this week?
slickwatts100::yeah the doctors cleared him to play cards and do light bowling
potato623::No he's out for the year unoficially
PATSORGENOS2012::With himself, yes
Pittsburgh Sports Fan 60::FlyGuys, I just checked, tomorrow's game is radio only, but the game after that, the Phillies vs the Dominican WBC is on MLB Network
FlyGuys_623::aight
potato623::Who's on Dominican's roster?
Pittsburgh Sports Fan 60::Cano, Encarnacion, Reyes, HanRam, Moises Sierra, De Aza, Nelson Cruz and Carlos Santana
potato623::Sosa on their roster haha?
Pittsburgh Sports Fan 60::they are pretty stacked
brettporter112::Man can't believe John Wall and Evan Turner went 1 and 2 in the 2010 draft. What a difference in talent
slickwatts100::i'm glad we didn't get the 1st pick and take wall. we had a pg on the roster better than wall all the time. maybe if he worked on his game as much as he does doing the dougie he wouldn't be such a bust
xVillaCat::But Wall still has the better potential and higher ceiling than Jrue. As I said, still unfair and early to make a judgment. But I like Jrue more than Wall.
slickwatts100::kyrie and jrue are both better than him that's for sure
xVillaCat::I wouldn't consider Wall a bust. He's been doing well considering that he had horrible talent around him.
mattnimp::Are you high? Did you pop too many mollies today?
robertgriffinhof::Everyone from that draft is still pretty raw. Turner was supposed to be a safe pick. Never pick a junior in college.
slickwatts100::turner just missed a triple double last night
PATSORGENOS2012::Ill cap it with this: obviously the Skins are in better shape then the Eagles right now, how cant they be?  The Nats look better then the Phillies right now, but this Phillies team has a healthy core right now and if they stay that way will hang with the Nats.  Arguing Sixers vs Wizards is useless, being we are both light years from contention.  Just as arguing Flyers/Caps is useless for the obvious.  DC is definitely trending upward in football/baseball....but let's see what they do to keep it that way.
bmsexton::Nene is a good player but you can't count in him... Need a big in Washington. I like the team for a low playoff seed next year though.
PATSORGENOS2012::That too, which is why they did what they did.  The Wiz have some nice young talent, but have a long ways to build
robertgriffinhof::The Wizards have Bradley Beal and John Wall in the backcourt (19 yro and 21 yro). If they add Shabazz (or Otto)  they will have a nice perimeter game with Nene down low. 76ers are too good to get a high lotto pick, but not good enough to make the playoffs.
robertgriffinhof::Meant not good enough to win a championship.
PATSORGENOS2012::Usually the Sixers are good enough to make the playoffs, but not do anything there.  This year has been an aberation, being they built this around Bynum and he's not here.
robertgriffinhof::D.C. sports fans like myself have class. Therefore, I will not make fun of Andrew Bynum being injured the way Philly fans diss RG3 for being injured. Hope he gets better, he is a franchise center.
PATSORGENOS2012::Who the hell made fun of RG3's injury here?
ksooklal::76ers fans at the game did. I was there. It's okay though. RGIII owned Philadelphia, and now DC gets to have another year of beating Michael Vick's fumble-so-hard self twice.
slickwatts100::bynum is done.
robertgriffinhof::I have no problem making fun of the 76ers for drafting Evan Turner over Cousins, Monroe, and Favors when they needed a center.
xVillaCat::slickwatts100 - no evan is alright. we should have drafted roy hibbert over mareese speights  This. Motherfkin this.
xVillaCat::Btw, Turner &gt; Favors.
slickwatts100::no evan is alright. we should have drafted roy hibbert over mareese speights
FlyGuys_623::
xVillaCat::And Favors wasn't even in that draft.   Edit: Wait nevermind, he was.
xVillaCat::NBA isn't football. You pick talent over your needs.
rsilver14::lol thats taking a shot at philly fans.... shows your "class"
mattnimp::Man f that. Bynum got hurt while bowling ahahahahahahahahaha
FlyGuys_623::we dont like him
xVillaCat::Sorry guys, but Philly sports &gt; D.C sports.
ksooklal::How many championships has Philadelphia won in football?
TChun321::Nationals &gt; Phillies  Redskins &gt; Eagles  DC United &gt; Union  Wizards with Wall &gt; 76ers City of DC &gt; Philly Tebow &gt; Philly Ravens &gt; Steelers GTown &gt; Pitt Flyers &gt; Capital Gave philly one but overall DC DMV &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Pittsburgh Sports Fan 60::good game today man, Nova fought hard
xVillaCat::Yeah, and we have the future to look forward to.
Pittsburgh Sports Fan 60::but you gotta love that type of effort with their NCAA hopes on the line, if you are a Nova fan
xVillaCat::Thanks, and yeah. Didn't really expect Nova to win in Pitts but it's still a downer.
kemaltalen::John Wall coming through like cops busting a high school party...
Pittsburgh Sports Fan 60::FlyGuys, are you going to be on the baseball boards tomorrow?
NewMinglewoodBlues66::"I'll really miss you if you aren't "...
Pittsburgh Sports Fan 60::we have a funny guy here, lol
FlyGuys_623::are the phils playin pitt?
Pittsburgh Sports Fan 60::oh okay, well I have MLBtv so I might be able to get it, but I am within the CSN broadcast single so they might black it out
FlyGuys_623::i dont live in philly so no csn for me
Pittsburgh Sports Fan 60::is CSN showing it live?
FlyGuys_623::maybe at the end of the game. i probably wont see any of it tomorrow
Pittsburgh Sports Fan 60::yup
rlathdusssssss::This is sad and Philly's really struggling. But It's annoying how they still have a chance of beating the C's on Tuesday ://
nelll504::This has turned into an all-time DC vs Philly sports debate. The only stat I need:   Zero super bowls for the Eagles.
nelll504::I appreciate the comments, but face it -- Super Bowls carry too much weight against your arguments.
MarylandFan4.20::Well only D.C team I like are the Wiz so I can't argue much here lol.
PATSORGENOS2012::And since we all love championship Nova over G Town in 1985
PATSORGENOS2012::Stanley Cups....check Philly World Series....check Philly NBA titles...check Philly
potato623::So Jim Brown didn't matter?
FlyGuys_623::0 stanley cups for the caps 0 world series for the nats. 1 championship for the wizards
robertgriffinhof::We got the Nats in 2005 lol
taayox::When did the nats come into existence again? and how long have the phillies been in existence?
PATSORGENOS2012::Redskins standard: 10-6, some thrills from RG3 and a 1st round playoff exit = greatest franchise ever.  I'll give them credit for ralling from 3-6 and the play of RG3.    But they have question marks too....RG3's knee....building that defense to actually contend.  Skins are still a bit away too.  Obviously the Eagles have their own problems, but let's not act like the Redskins are the end all be all of the East
PATSORGENOS2012::The Eagles only blew it when they got away from the draft and tried to be the Redskins of the better part of 20 years
robertgriffinhof::agreed.
mattnimp::The D-Line is straight are LB's are straight only thing wrong is are CBs and safeties once that's fixed our D will be fine
robertgriffinhof::The redskins lost several games last year due to last second plays (Rams, Bengals, Panthers, Giants, etc.) that they easily could have won. They had a rookie qb who never had a playbook before this year. They led the league in injured players and had their best player (Orakpo) on IR. AND THEY STILL WON THE EAST. Last year is as bad as they are going to be in a while.
PATSORGENOS2012::Lets see about that one....they arent guaranteed a thing
robertgriffinhof::Eagles blew a golden opportunity.
mattnimp::I remember when Philly was SO excited to be getting Bynum, chanting his name at a press conference b4 he even put the jersey on. What happened... ya'll got what you wanted. Everyone knew what Bynum was about so what's the problem?
potato623::Ain't no problem, he'll be gone next year anyway
slickwatts100::no they won't. his knees are degenerative. that means there is a 100% chance they'll get worse and a zero% chance they'll ever get better. combine that with a don't care attitude and nobody will be dumb enough to pay that guy
mattnimp::Watch the Sixers resign his dumba.ss
slickwatts100::the problem is judge judy cares more about basketball than he does
taayox::Man, You Phili fans are sore losers. You lose one game to the Wizards so you counter by bringing up the whole history of all Washington sports franchises?
goskins2149::well its true^
FlyGuys_623::discussion started with  GeorgeTownDC29 Philly fans still butt hurt that their Football "dream team'" didnt do sh-it and got out played by a rookie QB
PATSORGENOS2012::This was brought up by both fanbases towards the end of the game
flyguys44::because you won one game and now think your the greatest sports town in the world
taayox::where do you hear me or anyone say that? I doubt any wizards fan thinks that given our current position in the standings, albeit we've been playing much better basketball lately.
slickwatts100::who are the top 5 washington players ever? hayes unseld arenas ????? ????? that organization always sucks
nelll504::moses malone
slickwatts100::great for us crap for you
LilVdog88::Earl the Pearl
slickwatts100::lebron will finish top 3 ever don't be a fool
robertgriffinhof::Averaged a triple double his rookie year. Was a better version of Lebron.
slickwatts100::wasn't he a knick? is that earl monroe?
robertgriffinhof::Dude you live in Philly lol
IggyIsClutch::Jordan played for the wizards for a couple of seasons
slickwatts100::including him is just sad
robertgriffinhof::I love how RG3 is so good that the only thing his haters can make fun of is when he gets hurt. They cannot deny how great he is on the field.
robertgriffinhof::You can diss other guys like Romo for their performances, but RG3 only gets dissed for missing one game. If that's all the criticism he gets, fine by me :)
slickwatts100::i like the guy but his career is gonna be mad short playing the way he plays. he's just a young kid but he's already had acl injuries two different times
slickwatts100::that's cause he's a cornball brother
IggyIsClutch::Ouch! Hope beal is ok
slickwatts100::who's the last wizard to play in the all star game?
robertgriffinhof::Arenas, Butler, and Jamison 2008
J-Man5220::back when they were in baltimore
PATSORGENOS2012::To the Skins fan bashing Nick Foles....him and his broken hand were 1 Evan Moore goalline drop away from crushing your playoff hopes
goskins2149::btw even if we lost to the eagles we wouldve had the tiebreaker over the cowboys anyway to get to the playoffs
robertgriffinhof::Won that game by 7 after giving up a TD off of a fluky turnover. But don't let facts get in the way :)
PATSORGENOS2012::What I said is fact....I was at the game.  And what was fluky about RG3's INT?  Balls are tipped all the time....he's not as perfect as you DC fans seem to think.  Hell of a talent, but knee questions and lets see things when teams have tape on him
FlyGuys_623::your name is pretty funny
MarylandFan4.20::Way to go Wiz!
FlyGuys_623::natsnumberone Flyers Goon gets only 4 games....not enough   this guy...
IggyIsClutch::Him and the mets guy really $@%! me off
FlyGuys_623::i couldnt say honk.ey
IggyIsClutch::We can't even say p.iss  on this site
slickwatts100::washington dc the place where the presidents plane is called air force one and the wizards plane is called air ball one
flyguys44::whens the last time washington actually had a championship parade????? was anybody here even born yet
weeleewig::NBA Championship fool
flyguys44::im talking everything $@%!$
IdBangLBJsMommaToo::dont make me feel old pls...
flyguys44::can i just know please? lol
mattnimp::Yea you're right but tonight the Wizards had a parade on some 76er a.ss
mattnimp::Cocaine is a hell of a drug
flyguys44::washington will not make playoffs in any sport
mattnimp::Yep just like ya'll are going to experience this year we'll save a spot for ya next to the Cavs
flyguys44::while yous were watching from your couch.... exactly what i thought.... ur a bunch of panz.y a-holes
mattnimp::You guys got far cause of D. Rose's injury eat a d.ick
flyguys44::we just made the playoffs and were one win away from ECF..... ur so clueless just go to bed
mattnimp::Hell yea you already know because unlike Philly we are trying to WIN into next year so we can have a WINNING mentality something ya'll know nothing about
flyguys44::yeah man regular season basketball!!!!!!!!! really gonna get yous far right?
weeleewig::when was last time philly won? most wasn't born too!!!!!
weeleewig::haven't won a NBA champ in forever... we got to google both teams to find out
FlyGuys_623::most wasnt... come on man
PATSORGENOS2012::Really?  I was born in 2008
IggyIsClutch::2008
flyguys44::2008 dumba$$
Robbieb7713::2008
SuperMN215::of course get a nice win against GS and they lay an egg against the wizards.
IdBangLBJsMommaToo::any team has beaten gs lately. was not a big deal
FlyGuys_623::washington fans opinions on natsnumberone?
IggyIsClutch::I don't think he's really a nats fan
mattnimp::Nats ARE #1
Robbieb7713::saw him trolling the pitt nova thread today
Pittsburgh Sports Fan 60::he claims to be a Pitt fan
brettporter112::Losing John Wall at the beginning of the season was the best thing that could have happened. It made the team so much better and now that he's back we're ready for a playoff run next year
IdBangLBJsMommaToo::and dont forget another lottery pick. hopefully top 5
PATSORGENOS2012::This is what I love about DC....there have 1 good season and they wanna talk like they are title town.  This argument makes sports fun, so Ill jump in.  The Flyers have always been better then the Caps The Nats have been the Phillies punching bag for every year of their existence exceptt 1, and they capped that with an epic playoff choke The Skins have their 1st good year in forever, some based off a crappy NFC East The Wizards arent worth my time
PATSORGENOS2012::Not with that $@%!$@ D
robertgriffinhof::Have fun with Nick Foles lol. Your fanbase will be crying for Dennis Dixon like they do for every back up qb.
robertgriffinhof::If you want to bring up the past, I can bring up your 0 Super Bowl rings. The Redskins have a better past, present, AND future.
PATSORGENOS2012::Says the Skins fan....you should know about crying over crappy QBs....it took you 20 years to finally hit on one and he just had his 2nd knee surgery.,
redwiznatcapfan::Congrats on those Lombardi's.
redwiznatcapfan::It's been too damn long!
PATSORGENOS2012::Congrats on all those Stanley Cups, O'Brien trophies and World Series trophies
flyguys44::whens the last washington title in anything
IggyIsClutch::Lol dude nice comeback
FlyGuys_623::every sport but football is goin on now and we are talking about football...
slickwatts100::the wizards aren't much to talk about
flyguys44::washington fans r such frauds..... only time they actually sellout is when we philiadelphians buy all the tickets and go fill the stadiums
redwiznatcapfan::But the Washington team wins haha
flyguys44::what?
weeleewig::^^^fraud
