JSCPDX::Lin to the Lakers.
19Houston75::I don't understand how these idiots think that Lin is not getting enough playing time. The man averages more minutes per game than Chris Paul. When McHale sits him at the end of the 1st, it's not him being benched. He's getting rest, morons. When Beverly is playing well and Harden is playing well, there is no reason to substitute anyone in. That combo last night pulled the game out in the 4th. Beverly got 3 steals in under a minute resulting in an 11-0 run that iced the game.   I pull for every player on the roster. If they play well, the Rockets win. Winning is all I  care about. If you're really a fan of Lin, then you should be happy about last night. He got a win, just like every other player and coach on his TEAM!
Dezagcoog::It's simple, they're not basketball fans, they're not Rockets fans, they are LIN-ONLY-FANS. They don't know anything about basketball and the only reason they're here is cause they are victims of the New York media hype that this guy got last year. It really is that simple. They know nothing of basketball.
mountain1955::So far, Beverly only had 2 good games. That's it. he diappeared so many times in the past games. Lin is still much better than him if he was given enough time. I think Rockets wants to split time between lin and beverly so that in the future Beverly can be a trade assest to other teams. That's what Morey alwasy likes to do. Lin, you have to use your limited time to play the best. Don't let others take advantage of you.
JonathanGeorgeRD::lin isnt reading this dude
Izzydoesitagain::houston looking to resign brooks not looking good for Jlin and his fan club.
fred3857::Score is always #1,and now steal is also team #1,then asst will be #1 soon,who care about the non-digit defense(except rebound)...good job,McHale coach,go ahead bench somebody when neccesary.  ---Harden
Dawan208::Oh well, hopefully Lin will get traded to where a coach will respect him!!!
mountain1955::I just don't understand Rockets coaches about lin. They limited his munutes and points because they are afraid of him being traded to other teams or they don't trust him at all. The fact is if lin was the pg to run the offense, he always did a great job to score very good also. But Mchale desn't like him to have high points in each game. That's why he wa always benched here and there. Why? Why? Why? Anybody can answer me? It looks like they don't want lin to succed.
bobbydagreat::Nobody is trading for Lin, he doesn't have that kind of value. Also signing a 3rd string PG makes no difference.
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::I can't believe how good Beverely is for a rookie and D Mo too..these weren't heralded players either..well now, they are!!  I bet Orlando would kill to have a guard like Beverley.  I always listen to the opposing team's announcers to know what other people are saying and Orlando loved Bevereley lastnight.
mountain1955::That's only one night. where was him before? most of the coaches said good things about jeremy lin after games. coaches from spurs, nets, Dallas, lakers all said good things about lin. But only Mchale didn't say any good things about him. Is this prejudice or waht? Mchale should fired asap. nobody likes him. And rockets will not get into playoffs.
loochey03::D Mo from Lithuania is a great find  and a great addition fo starting line up. Who Knew ?
bobbydagreat::Me.
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::i knoooow...and Beverley played in Poland
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::great game Rockets..way to keep Demo running..
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::Titans are NOT oilers..Oilers ripped the hearts out of football fans in houston and will never be forgiven
HollaIfYaHEMI::Beverly is a stud at backup PG. I think he should actually start over Lin, because he meshes better with Harden. Lin could then handle the ball more in less minutes and give Harden a rest.
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::bandwagon fan..you werent talking about Beverely before the last game..pshhh
JLinNASA::Why not?   mcHale has done some dumb substitution, so why not that too?  i'm a Lin fan.  I like that.  Bev got hot and knock down some 3s.
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::his name isnt bev, bandwagon fan
Cleeepers::Keep winning, Rockets!  Clips fans are rooting for you... Just not on March 30th.
uplitingprej::Good Game!
dirlarsdkdde::sdfg
dirlarsdkdde::OH YEAH!! Motha fukkkkking insider IN Da HOUSE BRO  We got the spread, the conversation, the gamin' action and DAT FAT BOOTY SMILE YO!! Even DA Mormon Prophet Monson be jiving up this bittttcch  Don't be jewwwed out of your hard earned dolla! dfgdfg
dirlarsdkdde::OH YEAH!! Motha fukkkkking insider IN Da HOUSE BRO  We got the spread, the conversation, the gamin' action and DAT FAT BOOTY SMILE YO!! Even DA Mormon Prophet Monson be jiving up this bittttcch  Don't be jewwwed out of your hard earned dolla!
Titans_ are_ Oilers::cheese cheese cheese cheese
woopzzzz::meat meat meat meat
Selvin4715::Im done, talk to you guys later
Smoove Rocket::which do you want?  shumpert miller redick hinrich jack
Denzel7587::Shumpert, a good defender.
Denzel7587::Harden=0 score, Lin=8, Parsons=8. Who got benched? Of course, Parsons and Lin got benched first before Harden made 2 points towards the end of the first quarter. Genius coaching. Lin scored 9 points in the first quarter against the Clippers, but got benched like this. Bench the highest scorer. Welcome to the genius coach of the century.
JLinNASA::Not 3, but I can see them in 4th behind SA, OKC, LAC.
HollaIfYaHEMI::HAHAH....only Denzel gets it...the rest of you are idiots.
Smoove Rocket::mchale will be gone soon thankfully
Dawan208::I hope!!
Denzel7587::Despite the evidence of bad coaching, some Rockets fans will defend McHale. The truth of the matter is, the Rockets are ranked 8th in the Western Conference because of the sheer talent of Harden and his supporting cast of Parsons, Asik and Lin, etc. Coaching sucks. A team with this talent is supposed to be Top 3 in the Western Conference.
joah5454_3::Jeremy Lin is just too boss
Smoove Rocket::get out of here
dj_kelo05::#27 Draft pick will be...
Selvin4715::Denard Robinson
dj_kelo05::as long its a productive pick like watt....some analyst are buzzing about Te'o because we interviewed him first...we already have Royce White and we dont need another nut in Houston
Selvin4715::Patterson will be gone early, We can snag Williams in the second, grab another TE....then a safety, DE, mlb...you get where im going. There is no legit players that will be available late. It would be a mistake to move up...we need as many draft picks as possible
dj_kelo05::yeah we should move back and and stock a few players in the draft...at 27th there wouldnt be much value left at our needs
Slambo12345::Selvin- If we move back then we would need to make a splash or two in free agency to get us over the top, I don't see us making enough cap space for that.   Dj- IMO, Williams from Baylor or Patterson from Tennessee would be worth grabbing if we could get them in the 13-20 range. Again they would need to drop a bit but it would rid us off Walter once in for all
Selvin4715::I was thinking the exact opposite, move back to the second round.
dj_kelo05::its the year of OL....but there's some decent WRs
Slambo12345::If there was ever a draft to trade up and get your guy, this would be ours. Not saying we go ATL crazy and throw a bunch of first rounders up...but I think we should make a move to get a top tier WR or DE.
Selvin4715::Slambo12345 - Selvin thinks we're trading our pick hopefully  Thats not a bad idea, this is a really weak draft
Slambo12345::Selvin thinks we're trading our pick hopefully
dj_kelo05::lol
Dawan208::Does anyone hope, i mean think McHale will be gone by next year.
HollaIfYaHEMI::The Logic is that the Rockets won the game because McHale kept Bevelry in over Lin. Even the opposing coach praised him for it.
Denzel7587::Just a wishful thinking, but McHale looks good as a coach because of the Rockets' talent, not his coaching. His subs really suck. Check first quarter subs: Parsons scored 8, Lin scored 8 but they were subbed out of the first 24 rockets points. Harden had zero but was allowed to play for the 4th quarter. What's the logic of this?
JLinNASA::Agreed.  Dumb subbing.  When a player gets hot, u get the ball to his hands, not pull him out and disrupt his rhythm.
hookem5746::He's not the long term solution as our coach.
hookem5746::They said they brought him in as a recruiting tool and that we would get a real coach once our roster was set.  McHale is a pawn.
vonsteve6868::No. He has more than earned another season.
Slambo12345::Based on performance, he will be here for a while...we were supposed to be cellar dwellers yet the media will be screaming it was him and Harden that got us to the playoffs if we make it
dj_kelo05::yeah why ? with the roster he was given he's doing pretty good compared to the Lakers
bobbydagreat::Maybe, if the team is complete, probably not though.
Selvin4715::Why?
Dawan208::Just wondering,  if rockets don't make the playoffs.   People on this board says he'll be gone.   But I personally am not impressed with him.    Sometimes I don't see any plays set up for certain players to score.  And sometimes it looks like he's observing  on the sidelines instead of coaching.  Just saying.
hookem5746::At least we get dallas at the end of their 3 game road trip..,
dj_kelo05::shhhh....LetsGoMavs 2.0 will hear u
hookem5746::Ok no one is guarding Harris in this game...
HollaIfYaHEMI::Harris is a beast. Magic got a steal! HE said he was wearing #12 to fill up D-Howard shoes and I laughed...then I saw him play.
bobbydagreat::Harris has been tearing it up since moving to the Magic.
Smoove Rocket::bobbydagreat - Kings, and 23. Of course that's not possible because they have the mighty Patrick Patterson...  2Pat played 10 mins in that game. next.
bobbydagreat::Kings, and 23. Of course that's not possible because they have the mighty Patrick Patterson...
hookem5746::bobbydagreat - How many points did he score in the game before he played the Rockets?  More importantly, what team was it against??
bobbydagreat::How many points did he score in the game before he played the Rockets?
vonsteve6868::No. Everything is McHale's fault. Even stuff that happened to the team before he got here.
Smoove Rocket::is it ever any of our forwards' faults when we constantly get destroyed by the other teams' front lines?
Smoove Rocket::yeah we went over that at great length
hookem5746::I'm watching the replay now lol
popnlocke::Why the hell are we talking about football and Trindon Holliday, Joe Flacco on a basketball game
hookem5746::Popnlocke?  Lol
vonsteve6868::Things veer. We're happy to come back to basketball if you like.
Smoove Rocket::get out of here heat fan
Selvin4715::Smoove Rocket, are you a girl? serious question...
hookem5746::Why; are u interested?
Selvin4715::Um...no. He sounds like my mom telling me not to drink and drive dude wth.
hookem5746::Selvin4715 - Hell no. He sounds like my mom. Thats why im asking.  U live with your mom?
Smoove Rocket::you still live with your mom?
Selvin4715::Hell no. He sounds like my mom. Thats why im asking.
Smoove Rocket::enough selvin
vonsteve6868::Unless he's Josh Smith's mom (which would explain a lot), I highly doubt it.
Slambo12345::Forget the QB talk, where do we go in the draft? WR, CB, DT, MLB?
Slambo12345::I like picking up a CB in free agency and finding a WR in the draft personally.
vonsteve6868::This is the right draft for that. A lot of talent at WR.
Selvin4715::I say DE or S. Depends on whats available
dj_kelo05::WR,OL,CB
hookem5746::Austin or Goodwin
vonsteve6868::Exactly, as of now, his value is as a returner. He's definitely a project as a receiver.
Slambo12345::Goodwin probably raised his stock but to the 2nd round at best. His size and lack of pure WR skills will hurt him even though I would love to see him returning kicks for the Texans
vonsteve6868::Goodwin will.
dj_kelo05::Neither will drop that far
Smoove Rocket::LB, secondary, OL
bobbydagreat::I still want Eifert.
bobbydagreat::As to the QB BS, think of it this way, if the Texans didn't give Schaub a new contract before last year and he got hot in the playoffs and the Texans won the SB, they could very well be the morons giving out 20 mil a year to an undeserving QB.
hookem5746::Not morons.  Everyone agreed that they had to pay him.  Every player, analyst....please find me a source saying Baltimore shouldn't have made sure to resign him
hookem5746::bobbydagreat - Just because everyone is saying that now doesn't make it right. This time next year you'll see all kinds of things second guessing that signing.  We'll see next year
bobbydagreat::Just because everyone is saying that now doesn't make it right. This time next year you'll see all kinds of things second guessing that signing.
Selvin4715::You guys remember the Jacoby play, but forgot about Trindon Holliday. Flacco outplayed Manning in that game. It should have never came down to that play if the Ravens played better on Special Teams.
Slambo12345::No one forgot about either of those two...but the numbers until the RAHIM MOORE play dictated it was a very even game and the Broncos were ready to kneel it out if he made the pop warner play.
Slambo12345::I don't know who said it but it was a terrific comment
bobbydagreat::Exactly, I don't remember who said it, but yeah, the D makes that easy play, Flacco plays for the Chiefs next year.
Smoove Rocket::that's true, the broncos did get a gift 14 pts
hookem5746::A gain played his worst games this year that were nationally televised and on Sunday or Monday night like New England and Green Bay.  Flacco plays his best in the playoffs.  He outplayed and beat Manning, Brady, and Kaepernick.    Personally I'd rather have the QB with the most road playoff wins, the ring, and the best post season by the numbers since Montana.  Take Schaub if you want him.  Everyone can have their own opinion lol.  It's obvious that yours is biased based on your team.  I'm trying to be objective based on numbers and outcome measures; i.e Superbowl
hookem5746::Schaub played his worst games I mean..
KCRCK::LOFs seriously?  Lin sat out of practice the day before and was a game time decision.  You still complain about his minutes . . .
Denzel7587::Yeah. Harden also sat, too. Lin scored 8 points before he got benched. Harden scored 0 before Lin was benched. SO, yeah, it's $@%!$@% crazy why Harden played for the full first quarter and Jeremy did not when he was shooting well.
Slambo12345::Sir or Ma'am this is obviously a Texans forum right now...why start LOF's up?
Selvin4715::Smoove Rocket, are you a girl?
Bulls Bears Cubs::Smoove and LetsGoMav are chicks, no doubt about it
LetsGoMavs 2.0::you trying to hook up on espn? j/k
Smoove Rocket::go to bed selvin, sleep it off
Selvin4715::Im going to disagree with most Texans fans. Flacco had a great playoff run. No way was he lucky in anyway. You don't throw 11 TD vs 0 INT by being lucky. It should not be a surprise what Flacco did in the postseason, He has been pretty consistent in the playoffs.
Slambo12345::He made a ton of plays when it counted....but you have to admit he was one Rahim Moore F up and one Manning INT away from playing for the Chiefs.
Selvin4715::He outplayed Manning in that game. You could also argue that it would have not come down to that if it was not for Trindon Holliday.
Smoove Rocket::i don't like the contract at all and agree with bobby that flacco did get lucky with a lot of the game-deciding throws in a few of their playoff games, including the SB.
bobbydagreat::I argue that's the ONLY way a QB like average Joe pulls that off.
Smoove Rocket::he got destroyed in his last 3 games, at best he was an inspiration to the team some of the time.
bobbydagreat::Did you see the Ravens play without Ray Lewis last year? If you did, you wouldn't be saying that.
Smoove Rocket::why? because lewis is gone?  their LB core and secondary are both still very solid, they need more help on on the line.
bobbydagreat::You'll see the real Joe Flacco this season since the D won't be amazing for the first time in his career.
hookem5746::He's not average when it's win or go home.  How about that perspective???
hookem5746::He does it every year!!!!  That means its not luck!!!  vonsteve6868 - Hook em. I believe Bobby was talking about that lucky play when the whole luck thing came up, no?  Ok one play.  Personally I'd rather have the QB with the most road playoff wins, the ring, and the best post season by the numbers since Montana.  Take Schaub if you want him.  Everyone can have their own opinion lol.  It's obvious that yours is biased based on your team.  I'm trying to be objective based on numbers and outcome measures; i.e Superbowl
Jackiemoonsexy::<b>Lin benched in 4th?</b>
JLinNASA::Lin benched in 4th because Bev was hot.  Explain how Lin and Parsons were benched in 1st when thy were hot.  Dumb coaching logic.
hookem5746::The game is on now the replay just started.  Didnt know we were up 10 early...
Smoove Rocket::who cares that lin was benched.  i'm getting sick of all these overly emotional lin fans.
vonsteve6868::Bulls. Did you not read my post? It wasn't the original post it was his question after.
Bulls Bears Cubs::No doubt Smoove and Letsgomav are haters.  Go cheer for your Mav team and lick Mark Cuban's $@%.
Bulls Bears Cubs::I bet if someone ask if Harden or Asik was benched in 4th, no one would make a big deal out of it.  Many Lin haters here makes a big deal out of anything Lin related questions or comments.
Bulls Bears Cubs::Bulls fan?  I am a Houston Rocket fan since Scottie Pippen played for the Rockets.  Smoove my $@%...
vonsteve6868::Bulls, it was his response to my comment that makes me wonder.
Smoove Rocket::get out of here bulls fan
LetsGoMavs 2.0::Bulls Bears Cubs = Jeremy Lin dick rider no doubt
Bulls Bears Cubs::Chill, he only ask if Lin was benched in 4th.  Why are u making a big deal out of it?
LetsGoMavs 2.0::You must be a Jeremy Lin dick rider
Jackiemoonsexy::<b>Wow you like your own post, you must be sucking your own little dick too</b>
bobbydagreat::Yup, he's dealing with an ankle injury and Beverly was crazy good
vonsteve6868::Yeah, but Beverly was on fire.
vonsteve6868::That's not what I said or believe.
Jackiemoonsexy::<b>So Beverly &gt; Lin?</b>
vonsteve6868::hookem5746  You don't get lucky in the NFL. He threw deep passes, not hail marries, over the top of man coverage or a cover one or zero, never with a safety on top. Watch the film lolless -------- Hook em. All respect, but he got VERY lucky on that touchdown pass to get them back in the game against the Broncos. If the CB played that with basic fundamentals it was probably a pick. A broken up pass at the very least.
hookem5746::One play man.  And not lucky.  You can't prove luck.  Maybe it was fortunate.  What about all his medium and short accurate passes and passer efficiency and yards per completion and QBR???  And the touchdowns and lack of interceptions?  Every other QB was "unlucky"?  Read what any NFL analyst, player, or expert has to say.  Schaub sucks and he's not gonna win a Super Bowl.  He's terribly immobile.
vonsteve6868::Okay, I'm not getting involved with the Schaub vs. Flacco thing. That one's for you guys to hash out. And BTW, the Titans are my team (god help me).
hookem5746::vonsteve6868 - Hook em. I believe Bobby was talking about that lucky play when the whole luck thing came up, no?  Ok one play.  Personally I'd rather have the QB with the most road playoff wins, the ring, and the best post season by the numbers since Montana.  Take Schaub if you want him.  Everyone can have their own opinion lol.  It's obvious that yours is biased based on your team.  I'm trying to be objective based on numbers and outcome measures; i.e Superbowl
bobbydagreat::If you don't know enough to know that QBR or "playoff QBR" is a garbage stat then there is no reason talking to you. I might as well talk football with my girlfriend.
vonsteve6868::And there are a lot of things I can't prove that are true. Like "I like breasts." I can't prove that, but I know it's true.
hookem5746::bobbydagreat - LOL you just brought up QBR, this conversation is over.  Oh so ur someone who doesn't believe in QBR and all the experts are stupid.  It's much more accurate and predictive than QB ratings.
vonsteve6868::Hook em. I believe Bobby was talking about that lucky play when the whole luck thing came up, no?
hookem5746::bobbydagreat - LOL you just brought up QBR, this conversation is over.  Playoff QBR.  Are you on drugs???
Slambo12345::Spoken like a 2011 Ravens fan in regards to Flacco.
bobbydagreat::LOL you just brought up QBR, this conversation is over.
Smoove Rocket::replacing ed reed will be much tougher than lewis. lewis has been terrible the last 3 years.
Slambo12345::Stats can only take you so far...from the week he went out until the playoffs their D was limping in.
bobbydagreat::I disagree, Ray Lewis might have been on the decline, but he was the heart and soul of that defense, they were awful without him.
bobbydagreat::Yeah that one Denver screw up cost the Ravens untold millions. No one in the world thinks he deserves anything close to that contract if he makes the routine play and the Ravens go home early.
vonsteve6868::I don't think Flacco is bad. He may even hover slightly inside my top ten (I'd have to think about that). And I'll give him some credit for his playoff success. But highest paid QB? That's just nuts.
Smoove Rocket::actually, it earned the ravens untold millions with a SB win.
hookem5746::Ok rockets replay is on; I missed alot of the game lol.  Followed some on ESPN with the little court and flying dots.
Selvin4715::Huh? did you not have access to a tv? lol
Selvin4715::WTF? why would i murder someone?
Smoove Rocket::hopefully you didn't murder anyone on the road
Selvin4715::Does it matter to you?
Smoove Rocket::selvin, are you still drinking?
Vega_2012::thanks for the reminder! i missed the whole 1st half
vonsteve6868::I wish Mutumbo was 8 years younger. He'd be a good backup for this particular Rockets team.
Smoove Rocket::why did you say that most people outside of portland don't respect aldridge?  we're going to try and steal him from what i've heard, it'll be quite the long shot though.
Smoove Rocket::you guys need to completely rebuild, don't worry about aldridge.
LetsGoMavs 2.0::lol ok
Smoove Rocket::LetsGoMavs 2.0 - that is what happens when you play in a small market like Portland. Aldridge is a beast and will play for his hometown in Dallas in 2015!! Don't think Rockets will be able to get him since they will be way over the cap in 2015.  i knew you were reading the board, ugh.
LetsGoMavs 2.0::that is what happens when you play in a small market like Portland. Aldridge is a beast and will play for his hometown in Dallas in 2015!! Don't think Rockets will be able to get him since they will be way over the cap in 2015.
vonsteve6868::I didn't say they don't respect him, but I do feel he's underappreciated. The fact that people doubted his All Star credentials is one example of that. I would absolutely love Aldridge on the Rockets, but it more than a longshot. It's a pipe dream.
Vega_2012::Ya'll think Rox can get that 6th seed?
hookem5746::If they emerge quickly.  If Robinson plays well
KeriTheCreoleTexan::lol Almost on cue.
KeriTheCreoleTexan::Here comes Sharpie in 5, 4, 3......
Smoove Rocket::hey keri
Smoove Rocket::honestly, i'm not sure.  our back court is way overworked and banged up. no real good depth there.  and our front line basically gives up everything they score and then some. and the depth there is interchangeable with the starters outside of asik.
bobbydagreat::Depends on how fast they develop chemistry.
Vega_2012::Yay okc lost :)
Smoove Rocket::yeah i'm happy too
Smoove Rocket::bobby, so iggy had 4 points on 2 of 9 with 3 turnovers and a -5 tonight. all at home against a horrible defensive team.  is he terrible too?
Vega_2012::lol
bobbydagreat::You're the one that wants to call people "busts" based on small sample sizes...
bobbydagreat::Nights of 2 more points than shots.....
Smoove Rocket::bobbydagreat - Monster nights of volume shooting.  points, boards, assists, and steals actually.
bobbydagreat::Monster nights of volume shooting.
Smoove Rocket::huh? no. you said jsmoove was terrible after his first off night after 3 monsters on the road.
bobbydagreat::So you admit you are wrong?
Smoove Rocket::that's a different argument, in that situation we're talking about rookies or 2nd years.  in this case we're talking about established vets.
bobbydagreat::LOL Joe Flacco
Slambo12345::Whether you think he was worth it or not...the guy had some balls to put all of his stock into one year with a contract. This season based on the ring on every players finger justifies a big payday even though he will probably never get them back.
Slambo12345::Yeah and that will forever be overlooked sadly. I never thought Flacco could go 11 TD's with no INTs and I wouldn't be surprised if that never happens again to him...but he picked one hell of a time to do it.
bobbydagreat::When his D wasn't playing well, they weren't winning. More to the point, when Ray Lewis was down, they were terrible.
Slambo12345::Flacco did quite a bit more in my opinion because his defense was not nearly as strong and his hot streak, although I agree with most of what you're saying. The times truly have dictated  that QB's will continue to be overpaid since it's become a 'passing league'. Flacco got hot at the right time, B-More was at his mercy with a poor QB class this year, props to Flacco for lucking out at the right time.
bobbydagreat::That same ring got Dilfer his walking papers, but it's a different time. Now the unwashed masses instantly call any QB who is on a SB winning team "elite" and argue he's the best in the NFL.
hookem5746::One guy has a ring and gets paid more than anyone for a reason.  Lol.  I used to think you were intelligent.  Every team is stupid that wanted him?  Every team wanted him unless they have a top 5 QB already
bobbydagreat::Dilfer got a ring with that exact same team, then he was cut in the offseason.....Anyone who wanted Flacco at 20 million is stupid.
hookem5746::Super Bowl victory and best post season numbers since joe Montana and u want Schaub who played terrible down the stretch???  Terribly stubborn or stupid.  Flacco has the best road playoff record.  You obviously hate Flacvo or Baltimore.
vonsteve6868::Hook em. All respect, but he got VERY lucky on that touchdown pass to get them back in the game against the Broncos. If the CB played that with basic fundamentals it was probably a pick. A broken up pass at the very least.
Slambo12345::Replacing Ray, an old defense is even older, about 4 key players are potentially going on the market, overpaying Flacco...they could turn into a 5 win team very soon unless they make some smart moves in the offseason financially.
bobbydagreat::Fairly simple, their defense is losing their heart and soul. Their defense is the only reason they had a chance to make it to the SB in the first place. The Ravens scored 28 against the Pats and won....I know another certain team that scored 28 against the Pats in the playoffs that didn't quite win......Without Lewis and Reed we'll get to see just how "elite" average Joe is, and it won't be pretty.
Smoove Rocket::how in the world will the ravens turn into a 5 win team?
bobbydagreat::Think what you like, but when the Ravens are a 5 win team this next year and everyone is calling for Flacco's head remember that I told you first.
hookem5746::bobbydagreat - Flacco got really lucky that his "hail mary" style passes weren't intercepted, good results doesn't mean you are a good players all the time. Several of his Rex Grossman "F it I'm going deep" passes should have been intercepted in the offseason, hell they should have lost to the Broncos.  You are obviously not a football expert or follow either quarterback closely.  You don't get lucky in the NFL.  He threw deep passes, not hail marries, over the top of man coverage or a cover one or zero, never with a safety on top.  Watch the film lol
bobbydagreat::Exactly, if the guy makes the routine interception then the Broncos beat the Ravens off of a Flacco interception and no one in the world argues he should be paid 20 mil a year.
Slambo12345::Flacco really does owe half of his salary to Moore from the Broncos. The other half to Boldin.
bobbydagreat::Flacco got really lucky that his "hail mary" style passes weren't intercepted, good results doesn't mean you are a good players all the time. Several of his Rex Grossman "F it I'm going deep" passes should have been intercepted in the offseason, hell they should have lost to the Broncos.
Slambo12345::Well....everyone hates Baltimore.
hookem5746::Lol I wish the Texans had Flacco and not Schaub...a guy that can't move to save his life.  Underthrows all deep balls.
bobbydagreat::A lot of people are caught up in the moment, that doesn't mean anything.
hookem5746::bobbydagreat - I'd take Schaub over Flacco every day of the week. Flacco is a rich man's Rex Grossman on his good days.  Sports radio 610 doesn't even agree with you and they are very pro Schaub
KeriTheCreoleTexan::vonsteve6868 - Thanks. I wasn't sure. If not, maybe this year they need to take the plunge for a project guy in the 3rd rd or later.  No, this isn't the draft to do so. Next draft, maybe.
bobbydagreat::Yeah they were talking about potentially drafting a QB this year at some point.
vonsteve6868::Thanks. I wasn't sure. If not, maybe this year they need to take the plunge for a project guy in the 3rd rd or later.
KeriTheCreoleTexan::vonsteve6868 - Don't follow the Texans that closely. Do they feel TJ is the heir apparent?  Absolutely not.
vonsteve6868::Don't follow the Texans that closely. Do they feel TJ is the heir apparent?
bobbydagreat::I'd take Schaub over Flacco every day of the week. Flacco is a rich man's Rex Grossman on his good days.
Smoove Rocket::schaub won't be around that much longer
vonsteve6868::Talk about good timing. Play your very best ball in the the playoffs right before it's time to talk money.
KeriTheCreoleTexan::Flacco got overpaid. Plain and simple.
bobbydagreat::Any really really stupid team.
hookem5746::bobbydagreat - Lucky for him, unlucky for his team.  Um look at his playoff record.  Any team would have paid him 20 mil
vonsteve6868::agreed.
bobbydagreat::Lucky for him, unlucky for his team.
KeriTheCreoleTexan::LOL Ravens
Smoove Rocket::denver with the 3 or 4 seed would be very dangerous
hookem5746::Myck Kabongo would definitely be worth the Rockets draft pick.  Insanely fast.
vonsteve6868::Dang it. He needs to stay another year. I know you're right, but as a Longhorn, it kills me that we barely get to experience our good players.
vonsteve6868::I saw one projection where he barely made the lottery.
hookem5746::Yes I hope he stays but after seeing him go off with 31, 8, and 6...the only reason to stay is if he wants to be guaranteed a top 5 pick.  Is he projected to be a lottery pick as of now?  That would help if he's not.
bobbydagreat::Well that just means there won't be any OKC trolls coming in here.
hookem5746::All Longhorn team of Avery Bradley, Durant, Aldridge, Tristan Thompson, and DJ Augustine .  Good starting 5.  Man Lawson can kill you.
Smoove Rocket::thompson and augustine are buried
hookem5746::Thompson is a "rising star". Have u seen him lately??
vonsteve6868::Did any of those guys give the Longhorns two years? I can't remember.
vonsteve6868::Ah, okay. I thought maybe Aldridge. But I thought Augustine was a 1 and done.
hookem5746::Bradley should've stayed for 2.
hookem5746::Aldridge, Augustine
bobbydagreat::Told you, OKC should have gone for the last shot.
Slambo12345::And boom goes the dynamite
hookem5746::Best SF and PF in West from Texas in Aldridge and Durant.  Aldridge has better numbers than Griffin; and shoots FT's better.  Can't believe people were upset he made the all star team lol.
JLinNASA::Griffin is developing his outside jumpers, but ppl loves to see the DUNKS!
vonsteve6868::Aldridge is most definitely under appreciated by most fans outside of Portland.
hookem5746::Yea it's bc it's a small market.  People are stupid.  Griffin can't even shoot.
bobbydagreat::That was too fast, they'll regret that.
Slambo12345::Gallo got lucky they didn't call that hip check
bobbydagreat::It all comes down to Durant, you know he's taking the last shot unless Westbrick hogs it.
Smoove Rocket::the perfect player in the league would be durant's scoring with jsmoove's defense and athleticism
bobbydagreat::As long as they didn't have Josh Smith's terrible volume shooting
