JollySwagman27::Ian Mahinmi starts against the Clippers?
coltsman668845::Breaking News:  David Lee and Roy Hibbert suspended 1 game for brawl
JollySwagman27::not exactly "breaking" at this point.
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::That's the nasty I need to see  -G Popovich
dorucevic::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NwwY9y6O3hw
dsphillips100::Like I stated before the Pacer aren't a great defensive team. They just beat up on bad teams. This was their first game against the best conference in a month.  The Pacer are about as good as the Blazers. But because they play in the Eastern conf. they look ok on the surface. If you divorce yourself from your bias, it’s pretty clear that the Pacer beat up on terrible competition.  They have played the 3rd easiest schedule in the league. Just so you know 13 out of the 15 easiest schedules have been played by the Eastern conference (mind you, there’s only 15 teams in each conference) Warriors on the other hand have played the 3rd toughest schedule. It was a good game. Series in tied 1-1.
charlie7-21-05::David Lee got agedcation
dsphillips100::my argument has never been broken. It has been proven by the data I provided.   1. Fact the Pacer play in the eastern conf.  2. Fact the eastern conf is filled with offensively challenged teams 3. Fact the Pacers have played the 3rd easiest schedule in the league 4. Fact the Pacers def numbers are skewed because they get to against sub par off teams 5. Fact the east is 144-192 against the West  6. Fact 8 of the best 10 Off teams are in the West.  7. Fact 9 of the worst 10 Off teams are in the East
rjaconson::God Dam you are annoying
JollySwagman27::Every single argument you make (attempt to make) is broken by the fact that the Pacers still won.
dsphillips100::I love how I use stats and facts to back up my claims and Pacer fans just say no that's not true. LMAO
dsphillips100::not sure what the last 25% of game is.  but check this out   http://espn.go.com/nba/hollinger/powerrankings/_/sort/sos/order/false
IMCJ2010::Actually, the last 25% of games the Pacers have played (which they have played the best this season, both defense and offense), they had the 15th toughest schedule. So, the Pacers' D is definitely elite. Besides, the season isn't even over yet. You should do some more research...  http://espn.go.com/nba/hollinger/powerrankings/_/sort/sosL10  http://www.playoffstatus.com/nba/easternsosrg.html
dsphillips100::the 10 worst shooting teams in the league Griz, Nets, Sixers, Kings, Bulls, Wolves, Cavs, Bucks, Wiz, Cats. Guess how many times the Pacers have played those teams? 20 or 35% of there games
dsphillips100::like I stated before the Pacers play in the East. couple that with the fact that they play in the most offensively challenged division in the NBA. The Bucks are a top 10 defensive team in the league and that's because the play in the central division.  5 of the top 15 offensive are in the East. This is not just me saying this. The numbers say so. None of those 5 teams are in the Central. Worst offensive in the league. Wiz, Cats, Suns, Sixers, Magic, Bulls, Bucks, Wolves, Celtics, Piston. Guess how many times the Pacers have played those teams? 22. So roughly 40% of their game have come against the NBA worst offenses. Not a knock against the Pacers. If I was a Pacers I would already know that may teams def #'s are a little skewed bc of the team we play. Like I stated before the Pacers have played the 3rd easiest schedule in the league.
dorucevic::i wanna try whatever u are smoking on right  now :)
enemy_80::The Pacers aren't a great defensive team? What are you high?  They are #1 right now in defense statistically in the NBA. You are obviously a homer for your Warriors, but the Pacers outplayed your team last night with a better overall game.
JollySwagman27::i am high and this guy sounds completely off his rocker.
dsphillips100::has nothing to do with the Warriors and everything to do with the facts. You have to dig deeper and you will find that Pacers play more terrible teams than almost every team in the NBA.
dorucevic::hahaha u saved me time from saying what i wanted to say to this golden gate boy.its pretty obvious warriors got embarrassed and did not wanna accept the loss so will the other teams next are clippers
Jerry West.::He was doing this before the game too... he's $@%!$@%!.
dsphillips100::the Pacers score 29 points off turnovers.
dsphillips100::The Warriors are on of the best 3 point shooting teams in the league
Hoosierhawk18::They don't make em as nutty as you anymore do they?
dsphillips100::but the rest of the team didn't play well and he wasn't because of the Pacers D. just missed shots and too many unforced turnovers. Which has killed the Warriors the entire season.
Jerry West.::You've got an excuse for everything don't you? GS as a team went 12-21 from the 3-pt line.
Jerry West.::They still allowed under 100 points despite Curry drilling threes from 8 feet behind the arc.... nice try.
Spurs own lakerheadss::who cares? neither of these 2 teams will be in the nba finals this year
jhatch48611::lies pacers will never go to the finals heat all day
dorucevic::pacers vs okc i feel bad for the sperms
micheal3600::Lmao pacers can't get out of the east
kchild723::Lee started the fracas Hibbert defended himself like we expect a man to do....lee should be the only one in any trouble don't start no sh*t won't be no sh*t.....lets start to get things right go after the guy who initiated the entire issue with the first push....we aren't going after Tyler hansbrough for getting punched in the stomach are we...nba and nba refs need to get it together, the refs even looked at the replay and they came up with what?  Lee pushes people rush in and grab Hibbert and Hibbert is the bad guy?  Ridiculous and I don't even like either team!
micheal3600::Cry much suspension coming for your boy Roy sorry
random NBA lover::<sub> <b> THE PACERS SUCK BOOTY </b></sub>
Pope Dale Davis::Its funny all these non pacer fans calling hibbert a thug.  And we are supposed to be the racist ones lol.
ATL_____UptonUptonAndHeyward_____ATL::El Pollo Incognito Didn't do himself any favors with the "light-skinned guy" comment OffensivelyPC Well, i'ts not like he said "cracka" _______________ lol....out of touch white guys. "light skinned guy" isnt a reference to a "white guy" anyway. "Light skin" = light or "high yellow" black guy ...he was saying he couldnt tell if it was Klay Thompson or Steph Curry...lmfao.
dsphillips100::Hibbert is lucky Bogut wasn't on the floor
dorucevic::hahaha
Indiana Pacers 2013 NBA Champions::sorry about your loss
sportsfan7862::All Golden State fans whining about Pacers being thugs...  1)Warriors are softies 2)Pacers got each others backs (not thugs) 3)Lee was pissed the Pacers are a better team and that Hibbert is bigger than him so he shoved him 4)Curry needs to learn to mess with people his own size
micheal3600::David West is a thug and a punk
dwainkit303::ok now this is getting rich, NBA is calling for the "full" video(so u can see what really happened) to be pulled everywhere(it is still out there). guess they intend to make of this what they want ...facts be damned
LeBonds James::This crossed the line   this was no tussle or dustup   this was definitely a scuffle or altercation !
DTWLAS::Gotta hand it to the Pacers fans. They went the other way when the fight got near the stands (sidelines). No beer, popcorn, etc. was thrown on the court or players. It was much different in Nov. of 2004 in Detroit (Auburn Hills).
enemy_80::or Detroit fans are classless.
Pope Dale Davis::We aren't trash like detroit fans.
smreilly22::Leave the fighting to the players, man.  Plus, there is more security now than it was 9 years ago.
RabbiLevine::This was so harmless, only reason it got press is because it fell into the stands again and it was the Pacers involved (malice in the palace.)  Had Curry not tried to wrap up Hibbert, it would have simply just been a double technical on Lee and Hibbert.  I am a huge Pacer's fan, but I see no problem with some physical play from Golden State and Lee.  They have a bright future, and Mark Jackson is one of my favorite players of all time.  Curry can hoop, no denying that either.
DWoe23::undefeated since the allstar break, all wins are in double figures; including two playoff teams
Jerry West.::I'm not surprised the Pacers are viewed as the "bad guys" in this scuffle... even though they didn't shove first.
jblickman::Thanks WIKIPedia
jblickman::YA talk to 30 NBA general managers I highly doubt that would be the conscensis
OffensivelyPC::*consensus*
jblickman::Dude how many time you gonna post the same lame $@% comment on 2 different articles... PLz come up with some new material your tired and need ur riddlin!
Jerry West.::Okay, here goes:  Paul George &gt; Steph Curry  More skilled, more versatile, more mature.
dwainkit303::it's all Tylers fault
dwainkit303::wow...a Pacers thread with +5k posts...and the Heat aren't involved? whoda thunk it
IndySports12::LOL
dwainkit303::sorry...couldnt resist :)
smreilly22::If Hibbert could have shown more restraint, so could Curry. The thing between Lee and Hibbert was just a shoving, nothing really major, double technicals tops, but when Curry came in, it escalated  really quickly. For a player that shown he could be a leader of a team, he really did something stupid.
micheal3600::Hibbert caused the entire mess and gonna pay the price
gw687::Wow, that escalated quickly, I mean, that really go out of hand.  Ron Burgundy
djbbjd::I didn't see the game, only the highlight connected to this story, but when I see the word "fight" I think of punches being thrown.  Didn't see one punch thrown so I'm gonna say there wasn't a fight.  Second, the commentator says "luckily no one got hurt"?  Really?  There are many more circumstances in a game where players can get hurt than a little pushing and shoving.  A professional sports duel should be a battle.  There have to be lines drawn, but pushing and shoving is not "fighting" or a situation where we are lucky that "no one got hurt".
OffensivelyPC::Well, "lucky no one got hurt" I guess means "lucky punches weren't thrown, knives weren't drawn, and guns weren't blastin."
JollySwagman27::Hockey players are laughing at the thought of this being labeled a "fight".
JollySwagman27::Hibbert doesn't deserve a suspension.  I can't believe I agree with Skip Bayless but, I do.  Steph Curry is the only one that should serve a 1-game suspension.
micheal3600::Are you kidding? Suspension coming for Hibbert he started the whole altercation
dwainkit303::hey as a Pacers fan i respect that Curry was wading in to "save" his homeboy Lee, but it was silly and could have caused real harm(to his head or other bones)
ragegabe::My boy from Georgetown being humble. U guys are lucky u have him. Lakers baby!!! Hoyas!!!
Jerry West.::Wow, I just love the title to the video, "Warriors defend themselves"  SCREW YOU BiaSPN
jblickman::I got some oceanside property in Arizona wanna buy JW
djbbjd::Headline writers can be idiots too.
IndySports12::LOL
moldycheese432::ESPN hates us soooooo much. The Pacers never get any love
OffensivelyPC::I prefer to be the underdogs.
MypostsareconfirmedbyGod::The Pacers are going to whip every EC team they play on the way to the Finals.
micheal3600::Pacers will act tough in the playoffs again vs the heat and get bounced just like last year. Miami didn't even have bosh and still won in 6 you guys are crazy homers. Pacers good defense but cant score that will kill them against the Heat in a series
gw687::The Pacers are the 2nd best team and the east and probably the 4th or 5th best team in the league.  They have a shot, therefore, to make it to the finals.  However, any Pacers fans assuming the road through the Heat will be easy needs to watch the film from last years series.  I'm not saying the Pacers can't do it, they can, I am saying it will be incredibly difficult and require the Pacers to have 0 inconsistency for an entire 7 games series.  If there has been one issue this year for the Pacers, it has been consistency.
moldycheese432::IndySports12 SO true
moldycheese432::You realize we are probably one of the best home teams in the league basically we don't lose at home and I'm pretty sure we are improving every second which includes on the road, therefore come playoff time we'll have every home win and definitely be able to scrap some out on the road.
dwainkit303::the Pacers have been a real rollercoaster ride this first half...way up and then way down, but there are signs they are going to even this ride out, offense is ticking up while the def is holding steady D Granger is back which will steady the ship, all in all(and heads up ESPN) the NBA as a whole better watch out  btw a solid game against the Clips will prolly prove this point out
moldycheese432::The beginning of the year they stunk on the road. They've been picking it up lately
IndySports12::Heatle Beatle - 2-3 in the last 5 away games, great work  0-0 when playoffs come. doesn't matter.
Heatle Beatle::2-3 in the last 5 away games, great work
IndySports12::exactly
Heatle Beatle::If you really think they are going to have a cake walk, you're a moron.  The Pacers stink on the road
IndySports12::Jerry West. - Granger took a good amount of shots for a bench player and George still went 9-17.  this.
Jerry West.::Granger took a good amount of shots for a bench player and George still went 9-17.
IndySports12::again, do you fear the pacers?
dwainkit303::nobody is saying cake walk, a long slogg is more like it...and dude Granger is a spot shooter, PGeorge puts the ball on the floor to make a shot, no way they conflict
IndySports12::Heatle Beatle - Paul George is the new soul of that team.  starting to be.
Heatle Beatle::Paul George is the new soul of that team.
IndySports12::Heatle Beatle - Granger is going to take away shots from George. It was a mistake not trading him. I'm glad they kept him.  He's the soul of the team. I can care less about the outcome.
Heatle Beatle::Granger is going to take away shots from George.  It was a mistake not trading him.  I'm glad they kept him.
IndySports12::yet they got danny granger back?  are you afraid of the pacers?  when the playoffs start, all records will be 0-0.
Jerry West.::11-10 since the 1-6 start. Why so sensitive anyway? Do you seriously think we're thinking it's going to be easy?
Heatle Beatle::12-16  on the road and they won't be the 1st seed = trouble
moldycheese432::All the way baby
brandonlee561heat22::Can't believe Curry let Hibbert punk him out. Hibbert is softer than yogurt.
micheal3600::Didn't need a center last year or bosh to beat the wanna be tough guy pacers
moldycheese432::Heatle Beatle you a heat fan? Where's you center? Oh, my bad I forgot you don't have a quality center on the roster. We have 2. Roy Hibbert and Ian Mahinmi.
ndcccc::Birdman is the best the Heat have (have worked out well so far) and Joel is not a bad back up even if he is smaller.
MafiaYang::Says the welfare recipient
moldycheese432::Hibbert tossed Curry around like he was a child you ignorant fool.
IndySports12::like you watch indiana pacer games.
Heatle Beatle::About the only noticeable thing that he has done with his size this year
IndySports12::he throw curry away. what are you talking about?
808life::Why do the pacers always end up in the stands fighting?
dwainkit303::...because...that's where the fans are? i dunno
JollySwagman27::Everyone here needs a time out.
OffensivelyPC::lol he's just trolling.  And honestly, it's kinda fun.
OffensivelyPC::Well, if you've never been in a fight or wanted to fight over sports then obviously, you would never understand.
IndySports12::keyword 808, IF.
OffensivelyPC::Oh, and speaking of which,  when I say something to you, I am the one that implies something.  You, the listener, infer.
OffensivelyPC::Here is the question mark ---------------------&gt; ?  I did't imply that you didn't know about fighting in sports.  I implied that you didn't know anything about fighting over sports.  Which is a legitimate assumption seems how you questioned why it is that Pacer's fights end up in the stands.    The simple fact of the matter is, fights happen.  They are based off emotion and thus irrational.  So in all honestly, there is no answer I can give you because there is no logic to the event itself.
808life::You did not ask a question.  No question mark and no question asked, you made a statement and inferred that I do not know anything about fighting in sports.
OffensivelyPC::Why do you answer questions with another question?  If you want an honest answer to your question, google it.
808life::Does martial arts and sparring events count?  Or do I just not understand because it is a different sport.  I do not seem to recall any matches in martial arts that ended up in the stands.
Jerry West.::Other teams can't handle their physical style so they resort to shoving.
IndySports12::no. "always end up fighting"  Always?
808life::I do not know mypost...God.  I only know what he/she posts here. I asked a simple valid question, and in this instance I was called names.  Apparently, the person cannot handle dialogue.
IndySports12::808life - I ask a valid question, and you respond with name calling.  always?
808life::I ask a valid question, and you respond with name calling.
MypostsareconfirmedbyGod::Don't feed the ignorant troll.
El Pollo Incognito::@OffensivelyPC, which team do you like better, Pacers or heat?
JollySwagman27::Pacers!  Been watching since I was a little kid!
dwainkit303::bandwagoner :)
dwainkit303::attaboy OPC :) reverse for me, lived in Fla my youth came to Indy late(early enough to catch Reggie)
OffensivelyPC::Yeah, I'm big on loyalty.  Although, in the early Colts years and for several years after Reggie retired, being loyal wasn't exactly easy.  Every team has their down years sooner or later.
IndySports12::Pacers. We are not bandwagoners.
OffensivelyPC::Yeah, that was rough.  My interest in the Pacers definitely took a hit after that.  It's been tough to shake that image out of fans heads ever since, I think.  But like all things, time heals.
IndySports12::exactly.
dwainkit303::anybody that has watched the Pacers through the "lean" years after the brawl(the real one) cant be bandwagon :)
OffensivelyPC::Pacers.  Been a fan my whole life since the Reggie Miller days.  I just lived in Florida for a few years and the Heat kinda grew on me.  I'll root for Pacers anytime they play the Heat.  But if the Heat play any other team, I'll root for them.
moldycheese432::Pacers. More physical and have had amazing success all around against the Heat this year.
micheal3600::When the playoffs roll around all that Physical play will end up with them in foul trouble and bounced from the playoffs
Heatle Beatle::All home games, the Pacers are garbage on the road
cardinalrock11::I love how people think that a little shoving is "dirty" and now Roy Hibbert is a "thug" for shoving.
moldycheese432::All it is is physical play. The Pacers are a physical team, they aren't gonna let anyone push them around
Jerry West.::Yeah, and Wade is still considered a role model even though he kicked Sessions in the stomach with his knee and shoved Collison in the back.
El Pollo Incognito::"groin"
IndySports12::exactly. what a bunch of soft noobs.
El Pollo Incognito::Didn't do himself any favors with the "light-skinned guy" comment
OffensivelyPC::Well, i'ts not like he said "cracka"
El Pollo Incognito::;)
isuandy335305::Have to love how all of the "fight highlights" skip the full extension two handed shove Lee delivered to start the whole thing.  Tell me you would just let someone shove you halfway across the lane with full extension.  The refs should have tossed Roy, but they should have tossed Lee as well (he continued to escalate the situation long after the initial shoving) and Curry (not his job to grab the opposing teams player and restrain him, hence he got thrown to the floor, then escalted it further by trying to beat up a guy who has bigger chunks of corn in his turds)  Whatever, frankly they should all get a one game suspension, and we should move on.  This is nothing like the brawl of 2006.  stop comparing the two teams, the two events, etc.
Jerry West.::We have a game against the Clippers next.... if it were against a lottery team  wouldn't be too bothered with a one-game suspension.
MypostsareconfirmedbyGod::Things some ignorant white people think:  White guys bare-knuckle fist fighting in hockey is just part of the game.  Black guys shoving each other in basketball is a bunch of thugs brawling.
sharkbait331::Just another poor cornball brother.
stevem74::whaaaa, i've been repressed
garnolfini::If Hibbert played for the Knicks or Heat, Indy fans would be calling for a 5 game suspension.
IndySports12::MypostsareconfirmedbyGod - If Hibbert played for the Knicks, he would be as irrelevant to us Pacers fans as anyone on their team is now.  exactly
MypostsareconfirmedbyGod::If Hibbert played for the Knicks, he would be as irrelevant to us Pacers fans as anyone on their team is now.
hvs1717::ignorance just like being trash has nothing to do with the color of one's skin. And please don't take this to mean I am calling you or anyone else trash. not my intent.
isuandy335305::I've been at every game for the last two years since I moved to Indy.  They arent thugs, get a clue
dealius::lol @ u telling a knicks fan to get a clue, might as well give up on that request
garnolfini::Lots of Indy fans support their t.hugs tho
IndySports12::They are not thugs idiot.
MypostsareconfirmedbyGod::Our players aren't thugs. You're stupid if you really believe that.
isuandy335305::lol true, no racism there huh?
20kevin07::Brawl???? How about a 20sec shoving match. Watched the game and it wasn't anything near a brawl.
Pacersfan4ever::David West&gt; David Lee and its not even close.
moldycheese432::Oh my God David West would pummel David Lee into the ground
Jfresh42::I understand you have bias, but saying its not even close is ridiculous.   It's like saying the Pacers have a chance at winning the NBA title.
MypostsareconfirmedbyGod::I realize you aren't very bright, but when you say the Pacers have no chance at winning the championship, you expose yourself as not having paid any attention to the NBA or knowing anything about the teams.  You're embarrassing yourself. Just stop.
Jfresh42::You're right the warriors are terrible. Can't win any games at all.   It must be hard playing in such a soft conference against mid level power forwards like West has to.
MypostsareconfirmedbyGod::28 &gt; 12  Take a guess whose points are whose.
sharkbait331::West would have at least 25/12 if he played for GSW, but on Pacers he doesn't have to.
Jfresh42::19ppg 11rpg &gt;17ppg 7rpg.   Btw, those are Lee's stats on the left
JollySwagman27::Check the respective team's adjusted pace.  The Pacers are slower than all but 4 or 5 teams.  The Warriors are one of the fastest.  The Pacers style of play leads to lower statistics for ALL players.
Pacersfan4ever::Did u watch the game last night?
IndySports12::exactly^
MypostsareconfirmedbyGod::David West wins games for the Pacers. David Lee does not.
SouthLincolnHusker::What a thug.  The players change, but the game does not.  Still the dirties team in the NBA.
moldycheese432::A thug? If anything David Lee is the thug throwing the first push. You have no idea what you're talking about
isuandy335305::yea, what a thug, he donates almost has his income to charity, hosts numerous events around town weekly, and buys and gives away an entire section at home games, plus many road games... he must be a "thug"
dealius::sounds like a "thug" to me
MypostsareconfirmedbyGod::dumb
MattJAMes54::exciting to watch.. its always the pacers in these brawls.. http://tinyurl.com/mondaymemes225 enjoy
DWoe23::define always... 2 in 9 years  and define brawl - david lee shouldering Hibbert in retaliation of the retaliation or big men handling each other puffing out there chests... hmmmm? This sounds more like political argument....
dealius::You have to be pretty soft to call last nights shoving match a "brawl"
Axe Radio::This was nothing more than a tickle fight! The refs need to let these guys throw down!!!
mrbscot::Plenty of guys had an opportunity to "throw down"  No one came close to throwing a punch.  Hibbert had one good shove  on a guy holding onto the basket ball like it was the last loaf of bread at the store, other than that it was like playing bumper cars
stevem74::typical, all talk no action.
bult0601::The fact that ESPN was broadcasting this as a "brawl" is a joke.  It was a short-lived shoving match that seemed to be handled very quickly.  On Sportscenter last night they even had a headline that read "Pacers Warriors game MARRED by fight".  Marred?? Really?  Way to blow things way up, ESPN.
The Gambler is back::"Light skinned guy? Nicely played sir"   --Jemele Hill
bo_22::that was possibly the funniest thing when curry came over trying to do something to hibbert. he threw him to the floor like nothing!
bo_22::just because hes small doesnt mean it was less funny. real thug
knoxtowers::The guy is like 6 times Curry's size. What was funny was a guy around his size then put him on his *ss. Fake thug.
garnolfini::It's funny that the biggest th.ugs have played for clean cut Indy.
isuandy335305::that is the singlest dumbest thing I've ever heard... Roy Hibbert is about as far from a thug as players get in the NBA.  Obviously you know nothing about him off the court, and have only watched him play twice a year...
OffensivelyPC::If it's so funny, why didn't you LMAO yourself?
DWoe23::it sounds like your familiar with the term, i forgot to mention Amare' and JR Smith, sorry to leave you out of your category
dealius::" I'm a knicks fan"  BIGGER FAIL
garnolfini::DWoe23 - Its funny that the biggest pri-Madonna's play for flashy Miami  I'm a Knicks fan. And it is spelled prima donna.  2 fails.
DWoe23::Its funny that the biggest pri-Madonna's play for flashy Miami
garnolfini::Because only losers do that.
DaBlackBoi::dat white punk lcky he didn't done get bucked outside though
OffensivelyPC::gone icky in dat west compton murked da durked in dat basket...SWISH!!!!
DaBlackBoi::my ngz in indy be livin dat thug life 4 real do, ion blucka blucka
Charles Barkley likes bearclaws::You sound like an individual with special needs.
JLinNASA::Translation for white folks please.
OffensivelyPC::lol ion blucka blucka, dirka muhammad jihad so ronrey.
MinniWolves90::I'm calling bullshít.
DWoe23::the last 10 victories for the pacers have been by double figures while the two losses were in OT. Thats almost a months worth of great basketball.
A Depressed Milwaukee Bucks Fan 3.0::"Derp." *wipes drool off face.  Heat Fan
MypostsareconfirmedbyGod::Who cares about the shoving? Not a big deal. Hibs might get a game, but Mahimni has proven effective in his backup role and I think he'll play well against the Clippers.  The game last night was really good/frustrating. Golden State shot lights out from behind the arc. It was really good to see the Pacers continue their great shooting of late and come out with a win.
ThrowsTheHammerDown::lol lil curry got thrown around like a rag doll
cowboy_pauliewaulie::This was not Hibbert's fault.  Hibbert was about to jump for the rebound and Lee pushed him.  I would take exception to that to.  HIbbert just pushed Lee the exact way Lee initially pushed him.  If anything Lee's a punk in this scenario.  And Curry, c'mon, your skinny little $@%! isn't going to push anyone out of the way.    I always ask, who started it and did one action lead to another.  And in this case Lee's actions initiated this whole scene.  I don't think Hibbert should be suspended.  He didn't throw any punches just pushed Lee and tossed Curry aside, who kept on pushing him back into the cameras on the baseline.
dremjohnson::The media is making this scuffle to be more than what it is. It's called playoff basketball. It's about time some team started being tough.
DWoe23::We play tough, but we wont lay down in our house, if you start it.....we finish it! Welcome to Indiana basketball  -pacers
BoBulus0::Context ESPN, context. Smh
BoBulus0::As great as the LBJ hypothetical is, if he's on the same court as David West, none of it comes to fruition because West is drinking his blood before James can even $@%! his arm.
A Depressed Milwaukee Bucks Fan 3.0::If that was LeBum who got pushed then whoever pushed her would have been suspended for the season.
kingbmore20::Respect the king boy!!
DWoe23::Lebron could punch 3 pacers and throw down Hill and he still wouldnt get suspended, in fact Hill and the 3 pacers would get the boot for retaliating....
OffensivelyPC::lol pushed "her"...I like LBJ, but that made me chuckle.
