athleraiders::22-10 and countin
oriolesandbrew32::why does griffin get so much recognition? I mean 95% of the people in the nba can dunk what makes him special.  Every dunk he gets doesnt impress me.  Durants dunks, lebrons dunks now those are impressive
SB4LlFE::he's just a marketing tool for the nba, but a bad one, because he is soft as a $@%!$ and he's always flopping
brandonjg06::Why is ESPN not talking about the W's?
blazerz415::Do you even have to ask?
TotalJester::Warriors #2 seed in the East a game behind Heat!!! If only....
TotalJester::Just the Kings and Magic keeping us out of 1st place!!!
raider93711::Ya, what's up with that?
phanmchau::mark jackson had some idiotic comments when he was with ESPN.  I had thought golden state made a mistake by signing him as their coach.  He proved me wrong
BayAreaSportsFan16::anyone see kenny smith wearing the warriors shirt? he jumped on the bandwagon haha
SugarFree510::I think this was what the Mayan calander was referring to, The awakening of the Warriors!  lol
wilcox1232::i know they lost buy how good has matt barnes been this year its absurd
raider93711::Miss that dude. He plays hard.
everyones-sleepin-on-the-clippers::dubs played great,im hoping my team can get it together,see u guys on saturday
TheArtOfExplosions::Looking forward to it!
fjpowlan::Lol. He's a great actor. I've seen those kia commercials
raider93711::Hard to hate clips, they cannot beat dubs.
Mesmartoday::He is a great actor...on the court flopping!
OmniVoid::Griffin acts as well as he shoots jumpers and FTs lol
Kevin58959::Festus Ezeli was a piece of sh*t thug at Vanderbilt, so it's not surprising to see him continue his thuggish ways in the NBA.  Hopefully his career is cut short when he gets a taste of his own medicine, and before he really hurts someone.
vusani::Someone is jealous that not only is Ezeli more talented and better paid, he also got a better education.
aj8707::someone woke up on the wrong side of the bed this morning...
Bay Area Sports::LOL Blake Griffin was getting held and then he jumped, there was nothing bad about it. I truly hope you're just kidding.
schiffer b. raines::You're kidding, right?
OmniVoid::Get 17 more FT attempts, end up losing by 21. Only the Clippers lol
SB4LlFE::harrison barnes is a stud in the making.
815shaq::We let them of the hook!!!
Lakers Fan since 1980.::Warriors - 115 Clippers - 94
aj8707::kinda funny how the warriors beat the clips twice but lost to the lakeshow twice, you would think by the way this season is going it would be the other way around...
09Skeet::Dubbed!
highly debatable with extra sauce::thanks...
815shaq::Blake Griffin is the most bad skilled star in NBA history
kobepac24::Warriors can we have Mr West back now?
Oaktown1029::lol
rynospurs21::They are who we thought they were!
Lakers Fan since 1980.::Clippers are returning to their tradition of losing
etickets::Since the Clippers left Buffalo in the 78-89 season... Wow that was a long season, no wonder they left Buffalo.  GoldenState of Mind
815shaq::Blake Griffin is extremely overrated
Shareef1987::ZinBayArea - Curry &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Kobe ----------------- Hahahahaha I guess  Josh Smith &gt; LeBron Lopez &gt; Howard Verajao &gt; KLove Lawson &gt; Paul  Curry is good but no where near Kobe.  Lets be real.
Oaktown1029::Props to the Warrior's front office for the last 2 drafts (Thompson, Jenkins, Ezeli, Barnes, and Green) and signings (Jack and Landry) this year. All contribute to this team and they complement Curry and Lee just fine. Go Dubs!
OrdellR::imagine how good theyd be if that could be said for three drafts
jayrod43::David Lee is the ONLY player in the NBA averaging 20 points and 10 rebounds. ALL-STAR!
blazerz415::He won't make it...I think Yao Ming will get in before Lee.
aj8707::he was getting lots of love when he was in new york...
whosyourdiddy51::Yet no love from the media? Why?
PistolaRosada::Clippers are on pace to lose 17 straight
ZinBayArea::Hey Lakers, how's the view from below..?
kobepac24::Lakers can't win it every year the sun shine on a dogs @$$ every once in a while. Enjoy it while it last.
blazerz415::Lakers have not won in a few years.
mister mojo risin::^^^^ LOL first time a warrior fan has EVER said that
nfisch88::So? Lol  Mad much?
09Skeet::Clippers got worked last night!
Shareef1987::Curry won't make the All Star team due to the fact that Harden, Bryant, Paul, Westbrook, Parker will all make it.  Unfortunately Lin may also make the team by fan vote.
nfisch88::As a warrior fan I'd rather have curry not be in. Chances are he'd tweak his ankle in a meaningless game. He's also playing a lot of minutes so the rest over the break could really help him down the stretch.
FriscoWarriors415::Dont worry, his ankle is fine. And will be fine. He just has a freak accident with his ankle in past years. He never wore the brace and shoes made for ankle support like he is now. In college he never went through any ankle injuries. He should be fine. He is playing like stud recently. Hopefully can make the cut for the all star team
ZinBayArea::I will...best SG in the league when he's healthy...
Shareef1987::Curry??  LOL!!!!!!  Harden, Kobe and Wade must have all retired.
mister mojo risin::LOL ok
ZinBayArea::Curry &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Kobe
Shareef1987::That's like saying Josh Smith is better than LeBron or Brook Lopez is better than Dwight.  Curry is a good player but no where near Kobe.
mister mojo risin::enjoy his brief moment of good health
ZinBayArea::W's are one of the top 3 teams in the West!  And that's without Bogut!
tgonsalez11::The way their chemistry is right now, I'm hoping he doesn't come back. Ezeli has had his moments in the middle defensively.
Shareef1987::The West is really a 2 team battle between OKC and SA.  OKC will rep the west again this year.
ZinBayArea::We can sign Oden if Bogut doesn't come back!
mister mojo risin::LOL just count bogut out for the rest of his career
SB4LlFE::clippers went from lob city to denied city
kobepac24::Props to G state who knew they would be this good.
kobepac24::Clips take a two game skid after running off 17 in a row. Injuries are starting to catch up with them just as I said they would. Odom Crawford jordan and even Griff playing hurt through a tough stretch of games. As I said over the summer. The only problem I saw with this clipper team is that most of them are injury prone. Their still a good team but I see the begaining of the injury bug taking its toll
mister mojo risin::chris pauls wife looks like a man
SB4LlFE::even kenny the jet smith is on the w's bandwagon.. lol
halo_master14@hotmail.com::Looks like everybody is beating the Clippers now
nfisch88::Only the good teams
BarrelRider04::You must have come from the same ignorant school as Donny.
whosyourdiddy51::The Warriors could be really scary when Bogut returns. They could be a title contender. Does anyone have an injury update?
whosyourdiddy51::How long before Bogut returns?
SB4LlFE::indefinitely... whenever he's fully healed
SB4LlFE::b.rush out for the season with mcl/acl... bogut still rehabbing his ankle
Fernpadron::Bum $@% Clippers, Hope you go on a 17 game losing streak! I love these Blow Outs!
yippykyaymf::it's gonna suck when D lee and curry don't get into the AS game and guys like lin and griffin do
halo_master14@hotmail.com::to be honest it would really boring to watch lee and curry in the all star game
whosyourdiddy51::Exactly, the Allstar game is made for me first,  showboating players. Curry and Lee are team players and would be boring. Let Carmelo have his glory.
OrdellR::sorry, but I love seeing Griffin go down. Hes probably the most pompous deebagg in the nba aside from battier
Fernpadron::$@%! rider look at the stats Tim is 13 years his elder and has better numbers than he does. Again, San Antonio would embarass the Clipps in a playoffr series. Reg season dont mean anything.
Fernpadron::Totally agree, he'e such a $@%!$. If he couldnt dunk he wouldnt be worht @%!$... He has 0 post game.. Tim Duncan would OWN him and Timmy is like 2 times his age.
BarrelRider04::Yeah, like he did twice this year when he lost to him. Donkey!
yippykyaymf::idk. Paul Pierce????
davxav::Curry has to be near the top of the list of "Best value for money" in the NBA.  A potential all-star leading his team to win after win, but is only #171 in salary -- at under $4 million a year. . .  If I were the Warriors GM, I'd buy Steph a real nice Christmas present . . .
slicker99VC::Curry 44M, DeAndre Jordan 43M...  thank god the clippers matched that deal...
whosyourdiddy51::MJ would love to bring him home and Steph would like it also if the offer is right in spite of the Bobcats horrid record.
schiffer b. raines::Now here's some bull...
mister mojo risin::too bad he'll get injured next week
mister mojo risin::ms sunsine?
davxav::welcome to the discussion board Ms. Sunsine!
SB4LlFE::4 years $44m
davxav::ok, I take it back. no extra Christmas present for you steph curry.
SB4LlFE::he already got his extension $$
davxav::how much was it?
AthleticWarriorRaiderPaisa::i think the biggest weakness that the clippers have, is that they dont have a legitimate low-post player to go to, their bigs cant create for themselves, were lucky that we have Lee and Landry
whosyourdiddy51::I've watch Steph Curry since his days at Davidson and one thing is for sure: If he get's hot, there's no stopping him. Looks like he had one of those nights.
BarrelRider04::According to ShuttupBarney's logic the Warriors have 1 good win all season over the Heat. Every other team they have beaten sucks. Thanks you clown.
ShuttupDonny::Alas, we aren't talking about the warriors...simply how overrated the clippers are
SB4LlFE::in the 1st half, they doubled and defended d.lee well and so curry ended up torching the clippers. in the 2nd half, they decided to double curry and so d.lee then torched the clilps. it was beautiful to watch
highly debatable with extra sauce::only a flagrant foul on that arm grab...come on...intentional and could of resulted in serious injury...get off the floor
SB4LlFE::flopping shouldn't warrant a flagrant foul but it was a foul nontheless, just a simple foul
jrich4mvp23::^this guy is dumb
vusani::Classic comment by Coach Jackson.  "Blake Griffin is a good actor. I've seen his Kia commercials."
Pusherman3::The Denver/Golden State back to back is a tough one.  Denver softened the Clips up and the Warriors knocked them out.  It's tough to actually play road games vs. tough teams Clips.
I have popcorn in my ears::They'll beat the Lakers, but Denver exposed them, and the Warriors followed up.
BarrelRider04::Especially when you shoot 30% in both places and the owner's son dies. Look, did you moronic Clipper haters think they were going to go undefeated the rest of the year? They were due to cool off. Hopefully they regroup and wax the Lakes Friday.
ShuttupDonny::Moron? Donkey clown? Barney?Use your words
Leapin Lillards::<b>Steph Curry &amp; The Warriors = The Real Deal</b>
BarrelRider04::Wow, nice job Warriors, you guys absolutely destroyed us! I hope the death of Sterling isn't the new Clipper curse. RIP Sterling. David Lee and Curry just lit us up like a Christmas tree!
