ncfom::Durant's move on Korver at the end was so sick. Dude is so quick.
The Injured Mamba::The Best Player in the Western Conference does it again!  Great game from Durant.
tyonna89::Withderek rose outta the staring line up the spotlight swings over to the big man... who is not better than lebrn so the bulls can just stop cause heat is taking over this year. the thunder has a pretty good chance again to though.
OklaSooners::KD vs Josh Smith play. NSFW because your gonna say "Oooooo"! http://youtu.be/6gN4Bn1fFL4
ThunderUpUNCPokes::He only got credited for 2 blocks in the game, although there were 3 right there. Great video!!
goostate24::On an even better note, OKstate dominated last night en route to a blowout win, against a team that was 2 free throws away from beating OU in Norman hahaha. Can't wait to beat OU by 20 twice this season!
OklaSooners::You may beat us by 30 in Stillwater but in Norman... 23.
Kitastrophy::UCO would beat them! lol
Kitastrophy::who cares, they both suck!
Kitastrophy::Westbrook has played point for a total of 4 years in his life.  He continues to get better and his assists show that.  This is a dangerous team and will continue to play the Heat in the finals, (until Lebron gets traded to LA)
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::ha! THUNDER UP!!!!!!!
goostate24::ONLY had a 18 point lead on the road vs the east's 3rd best team?? Man OKC sucks! The trolls are shouting about OKC almost as loud as the OKC fans now. That's a side effect of being the worlds best NBA team I guess.
OlBoyP::i thought they were the best team last year too. youth and harden not showing up was their downfall. im picking them to win it all this year too.
goostate24::NBA is the worst still hating on OKC. This person cracks me up with his stupidity.  Thunder have had an easier schedule. Cool story. They've played the 2nd best performing team in the NBA in LAC and destroyed them, beat the spurs, won in Atlanta, won in Brooklyn, who cares they're playing on the road. They still win they have just as good of a record on the road as they do at home. They'll win anyways cause that's what good teams do.
goostate24::All of the trolls are leaving the Miami pages and SA pages and all those and flocking in a hurry to OKC. It shows that OKC is clearly the leagues best team right now. It's amusing!
Kitastrophy::No doubt, every a$$hat has an excuse for something... Didn't last year let people know OKC is no joke!?
Kitastrophy::hmm where are all the Atlanta Cawks fans at today??  I thought KD and Westbrook were going to be shut down.  Mission failed, and you still suck!
The Zink::Shooting .519 ..... man, if Durant were traded to L.A. it would be "Kobe who?" with those fans in one year.
IncubusS.C.I.E.N.C.E.::Meet me in outer....space
rds731::Reading the posts from the Clips fans on here I've decided it's not the Clips or even the Lakers that annoy me. It's just the the LA fans. They're worse than Texans!!
thunderblue247::The reason why the Thunder are playing better basketball is because Westbrook is playing more like a true PG...nice...
thunderblue247::Truth is, we have a good record to start, and we do have some hard games ahead. But what I have noticed this year compared to last year is that the Thunder are playing and closing out games better, and not just barely winning, and they are beating teams they are supposed to. This team can be scary good, Thunder Up.
goostate24::Sorry Vic, I'm an OKC fan and I hate it when other OKC fans say the refs were paid to let Miami win. The officiating wasn't even bad, Miami just played better and harden was a no-show the entire series. The thunder are the team to beat this season, and if they win it this year I would hate for the losers to say the refs won them the finals. I'd bet money the same ones blaming it on the refs this year would be pissed if OKC won and the other team blamed it on the refs.
boomersooner1152::Well if the thunder had the Cakewalk known as the eastern conference playoffs to deal with we might have put up a better fight last year. No worries though, David stern gave the fans what they wanted (LBJ a ring) so this year he wont pay the refs as much to throw it.
vicmo25::WAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH.....................I've always noticed that games are always set-up to the losing team, it's never because the team was just better...............Thunders couldn't beat Miami in the Finals........what makes you think they we're going to beat them if they we're in the east
KingLBJ236::Lets hope they don't flop in the Finals if it's a Heat-Thunder rematch.
KingLBJ236::Everyone overreacts to games in December. Thunder were rolling heading into the Finals last year and look what happened. Who cares who the best team in the league is now? Makes no difference.
goostate24::There were 4 teams with better records than them. Bad analogy.
boomersooner1152::Go back to sucking LBJ's d.Nick u troll. This is a thunder-hawks board.
OklaSooners::Too bad they didn't show the highlight of KD making Josh smith his $@%!$@! Blocked his shot twice, the second block fell to Westbrook who streaked down court, he dished back to KD who dunked the ball while getting fouled by... Josh Smith. %!$@%!!
Trenten433::12 win streak &gt; 11 win streak KD and Westbrook &gt; Paul and Griffin Basically, OKC &gt; LAC
Kitastrophy::Where did all those trash cawks fans go???  yea you really held KD and Westbrook alright! bahahahhaha
OlBoyP::thunder are the best team in the league
04Nico22::Kevin Durant / Russell Westbrook are the best duo of the NBA.
kirby_314::thunder keep playing like this the 72-10 record is up for grabs.
baller1016::Strength of schedule is a dumb statistic...every team in the NBA is talented so they can win on any given night against any given team
boomersooner1152::On pace? That's always so absurd.  Its 1/4 of the way through the season u have no clue what kind of run they could make.
nba is the worst::Unbelievably dumb.  (Even with the cake schedule, OKC is currently on pace for 69 wins)
nba is the worst::Hmm - way to try to change the subject. 12-gm win streaks are short for the spurs, kid - let me know when you get to 18 or 20.  Only 1 team has played less road games than OKC (heat).  And even with that easy schedule, they aren't on pace for 70, let alone 72.
4 Petes Sake::BURN!!!!!!!!!
ThunderCane8::No more dumb than any single thing you've ever said or thought, sir. Tell us again, how many rings do the Spurs have? Go ahead, slap that stupid smile on your face and tell us all again, like we care. We all forgot.. We were too busy watching our team win 12 straight, and sitting at 21-4 best in the NBA record. Go ahead, remind us about that cake scheduling. Same old song and dance.. Meanwhile, the Spurs are losing, but hey, they lead the league in assists per game. Congrats.
Ref Dunked on You Twice::KDso clutch
nba is the worst::Westbrick no longer top 3 in the bricks per game race: 1. Kobe 10.84 2. Monta 10.71 3. 'Melo 10.57 4. Westbrick 10.56 5. Jennings 10.16 (2 Bucks in the top 5 - lol) 6. Gay 9.87 7. Felton 9.76 8. Harden 9.67 9. Aldridge 9.63 10. Waiters 9.53
ThunderCane8::Everyone who's a fan of a Western Conf team is doing nothing but hating, crying and doing all they can to discredit OKC this season. I've now heard everything.. Couple games it's been refs, almost every game has been, in their eyes, won because of "home court advantage" and "easy scheduling". People are upset we haven't had a lot of B2B's or road games. People saying we "aren't as good as last year" because we traded Harden. I wonder though, have those people who say all that been WATCHING THE GAMES?!?! Thunder averagine well over 100pts a game, has one of the top PGs in almost every category, KD is a beast, Ibaka is twice the player he was last year offensively, without losing a step on defense. Martin has filled in PERFECT and Sefelosha is getting the job done on both ends as well. Don't be stupid. Just stop the hate and save all the ignorant excuses and twisted statistics and logic, what little "logic" you possess.
bjross86::Yes, SA has rings. Does that mean they are the best team in the 2012-2013 season? No, using total number of championships/rings as a measure of a current teams success is really pointless. Many of those players who won then are not on the team, some are older, coaching staffs change, other teams get better, etc. I am very happy for SA fans that they have some NBA champs, that does not mean they are better than the Thunder this year. Not trying to hate, but ring count is a totally meaningless stat when looking at a single season. If you want to debate franchises, than by all means, use your rings.
boomersooner1152::Our stars are only 24. We are just getting started. When old man Duncan breaks a hip and ginobli goes completely bald Durant and westbrook will still be flying by y'all, slamming it in your face. Face it your dynasty is over and ours is beginning
ThunderCane8::Blah Blah Blah... you keep saying the same thing after every game, dude. It won't make a difference what we do until we win an NBA Championship. Because until then, people like you will continue to hate, continue to babble about Westbrook like you know ANYTHING about basketball, which clearly you don't. You'll continue to brag about rings you won 10+ years ago like they mean squat, you'll continue to dig and dig at everything you can to try to discredit anything good OKC does, just because you're a lousy SPURS TROLL. Move along, son. Your team is old, decrepit and so 10 years ago it's not even funny. Don't forget the playoffs last year, bud. Let's at least keep this relevant. Please, give me ONE relevant reason OKC needs to worry about the SPURS? Last time I checked it was OKC vs Mia in the finals.
nba is the worst::Rings &gt; no rings.  San Antonio has rings, OKC doesn't
nba is the worst::The schedule IS easy.  OKC clearly is the early season champ - but let's see where they are at the end of January after some road games show up
Sonic_Sooner::The season is 1/3 over.  At what point will we have a representative sample of who the best team is, in your mind?
flermy::Thunder fan here and I couldn't agree more. Too early in the season to make predictions. Starting to notice a lot of mouthy Thunder fans in these comment sections as of late.
Alfie217::If they're this good without Harden, imagine how good they would be with him.  Scary thought!
OlBoyP::kevin martin is a better fit for this team. i was one of the few that loved the trade from the beginning.
flacco4president5::Former beard consultant for James Harden here:  The Thunder are the next dynasty in the NBA
BParcells123::This Thunder team reminds me of the '07 Mavericks.  They went to the finals the year before and now are winning like crazy the year after.  Hopefully they don't lose in the 1st round of the playoffs like the Mavs did though.
nba is the worst::'07 heat were also swept in the 1st round
mystifo777::James who?
bjross86::I don' t think anyone (at least any reasonable person) believes that Kevin Martin is better than James Harden. What many Thunder fans and sports commentors are coming to realize is that Martin can play a very effective role on the team, and while they certainly miss Harden's playmaking ability, Martin is an incredibly efficient scorer who helps spread the floor in ways that even Harden could not (Harden is not the best outside shooter)
nba is the worst::Harden.  Last night:  Harden 33 pts on 58% FG, 67% 3-pt FG Martin 6 pts on 33% FG, 0% 3-pt FG
4 Petes Sake::Maybe throw season stats in there??  Not just last night??
Conky Bubs::next
nba is the worst::B2B (shocking)
eric-bledsoe-666::clippers&gt;okc&gt;hawks
bjross86::Both sides of the argument need to stop pointing to strength of schedule (especially since the two teams have played head to head). SOS is not a good measure of a team in the NBA. Every team has immense talent and anybody can beat anybody on a given night (OKC almost was embarrased by NOLA) Clearly, the Clips and Thunder are both really good. Clippers shoot ridiculosuly efficiently and rebound like crazy. The Thunder can play some serious shutdown D and when the secondary players are on, they are pretty much unbeatable. Both are great teams, and as a thunder fan, I am glad they will most likely not see each other in the playoffs unless they both make it to the conference finals.
Liberal Feminist::The Clippers 11 game run has been against garbage teams.  That's no big secret!  However winning 11 games in a row is still impressive.    The Thunder, on the other hand, have beat some very good teams recently during their 12 game streak.  Until L.A. beats a decent team I don't think it's fair to compare the 2.
nba is the worst::Ridiculous - Clippers' SOS &gt; OKC's, silly (Clips 9th, OKC 21st):  http://espn.go.com/nba/hollinger/powerrankings/_/sort/sos
Tonnee87::12 straight &gt; 11 straight 21-4 &gt; 19-6
843Peanut::Who gives a sh** about facts? oh wait.
v1rocketww2::Durrant is the only thing the nba has going for it. I am not a thunder fan but he is great player in a small market. I will probably end up hating him if he demands to be traded one day to NY,LA,Chi, or Boston.
bjross86::The common word around OKC is that he and Westbrook are here to stay. Not saying this as a fact, that is just the "word on the street" right now, so to speak.
v1rocketww2::If he doesn't then I will continue to respect his game.
highly debatable with extra sauce::golf clap to durant for that move and three ball...OKC lookin good
Sonic_Sooner::GOLF CLAP!?!?!?  How about a loud ROAR!  Even the (few) Hawks fans gave it up to Durant on that.  Korver is still looking for his jock.
Neil826::it doesnt matter what they do in the regular season.  they got crushed in the finals and their team isn't as good so they have no chance this year either.
bjross86::Actually, even after losing Harden, the Thunder are a better team. Less reliant on Durant and Westbrook for points (Ibaka is showing why the Thunder chose him over Harden)
flacco4president5::its hard when you're playing against the refs too
ThunderCane8::They ran through the Western Conference last year, should be no different this year. Don't worry, Heat are one year older and LBJ is the only player performing like last year. The Heat stink so far..
DStacks713::Go back to playing pokemon Neil
LGaines85::Hater
bluelightnin::lol, this guy is funny
ForeverGrapeOKC::.antistratfordian. - Durant had 35 points on 9-23 shooting when they played last year.  OKC lost. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ How you like him now???????    :)
843Peanut::im not a hater, but the reg season doesnt mean much. If the thunder does this in the playoffs/finals, then you cant do that all ya want.
DA_GLOVE_of_UDUB::Seattle drafted Durant and Westbrook!
bjross86::People whining about the Sonics reminds me of an ex-high school football player dwelling on not getting to start in the big game. Get over it, no ammount of complaining will change anything.
Not Chris Moses::No Sonics and No Sun is really having an effect on you.  Enjoy your Seahawks while they are still there.  But don't worry no one wants the Mariners.
ThunderCane8::OKC re-signed them. Because when we need to fund something (i.e. players, arena, etc.) we do it.
Snorkel Whacker::Who owned the franchise?
DA_GLOVE_of_UDUB::The same guy who fukced Seattle
thedude0612::So what.
Blitzburg119::Say what you want about Westbrook.   He is still what 4th in the leauge in assists. He is really a hybrid guard. Can match any 2 guard in scoring on any given night and math you best point guard in assists all in the same game.
Matthew Borba::"Westbrook now has 21 career 25-point, 10-assist games. Since 2010, no other player in the league has more."
ThunderCane8::Nice.
RafaWoods01::The season isn't over, his shooting percentage is typically higher than this and should improve over the course of the season.
Ryon1988::All of them great PGs in their own right. He didn't say Westbrook was the best PG in the league just one of them.
rebel of the under ground::he shoots 41%, nuff said  CP3 gets you almost as much scoring with better faciliating  Rose carries his team and is still much more efficient. can get 22-25pts 7-10ast per night  Rondo cant score too well but will get you 15 ast
4 Petes Sake::No disrespect MinniWolves, but your fu.cking opinion is she.it.
4 Petes Sake::Anybody who questions Westbrook can just eat SH.IT
DStacks713::Same Here, A healthy Rose is unstoppable.
Sonic_Sooner::BUTTTTTT...... Rose is NOT healthy.  CP3 is fragile.  Rondo misses 1/3 of the games because of injuries or suspensions (i.e., he's a head case).  Westbrook, on the other hand, is the CAL RIPKEN of the NBA.  He has now started THREE HUNDRED AND TWENTY (320!) consecutive games, plus every game in USA Basketball (you know, that Olympic gold-medal winning team) the last two summers.  DURABILITY makes Russell Athletic better than Rose, Rondo and Paul.  SHOWING UP FOR WORK is as important as anything else.
MinniWolves90::Rose&gt;Paul&gt;Rondo&gt;Westbrook  No disrespect, that's my opinion
951Antonio::Give me Westbrook anyday over Rondo, Rose or Paul.  Rondo can't shoot and he's been fortunate enough to play with three 20,000 career scorers.  Rose doesn't have the allaround game RW has.  Paul-he's overated.   He has been compared to Isiah Thomas and I remember Zeke winning in college and the NBA.
rebel of the under ground::Russ is way too inefficient
slawsondawson::I have been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar the past few months. i have made around 2-3K a month profits so far using the systems picks. if you search google for sports betting systems you can find this system. I have played a few different systems in the past and nothing compares to this one.
adam83stl::I hope the thunder take the championship this season.  Hopefully it'll be over the boner craving heat or bone smuggling knicks.
Qzhoopin20::Speaking of guys like Westbrook &amp; Harden...there's gotta be more guys in the NBA right now from LA than any other town by far!!
Qzhoopin20::LA players: Westbrook, Harden, B. Jennings, A Afflalo, J Holiday, T Prince, T. Chandler, Andre Miller, Baron Davis, T ariza.....probably left a few out.
Not Chris Moses::Oklahoma City - Blake Griffin, and, uh....well Blake Griffin.
RDavison82::Yet the best players in LA are from Oklahoma in Griffin and Kemp.
mykellfierce::kg is not from chicago
face21886::Chicago
face21886::D Rose, K Garnett, Anthony Davis, Tony Allen, C Maggette, D Wade, Shawn Marion, A. Iguodala(Springfield) to name a few
Conky Bubs::F LA
JAMEZ709::Not the biggest state in the US either
SeaHawkProdigy::Most populated.
Qzhoopin20::Ummm....LA is a city, not a state!!
4 Petes Sake::Congrats.  The biggest state in the US produces alot of pro athletes.
MJs Cargo Shorts::People don't understand that OKC are probably better without Harden, and Harden is probably better not staying in OKC. It's not like Harden is a bad player, no.
JAMEZ709::I agree, Harden is a superstar but Martin fits into this role better
MJs Cargo Shorts::KD and Russ has to stay together, they could be deadly.
CRS92::KD for MVP!
SWAG RAYMOND FELTON::Kevin Durant is too skinny, he should eat more.
ForeverGrapeOKC::Felton should eat less
ForeverGrapeOKC::I will never question Sam Presti again
dwyanewadeblockedyourfavoriteplayer3.0::Wade said it himself, the Harden trade made the Thunder better.
Jeremiah27376::I think they have the best chance for a dynasty in the near future though those are rare and very difficult with guys like chris paul , melo, and lebron
Qzhoopin20::I think the Harden trade was a "win/win"....Martin is fitting in nicely with OKC and HArden is doing his thing in Houston. OKC is a monster cause Durant, Westbrook &amp; Ibaka are young and still getting better. It's scary that they're still about 3 or 4 years from their athletic peak!!
JAMEZ709::Martin wants a ring and doesn't really care about money
JKRIII::The 95 Bulls were 33-3.  I wonder if OKC can win the next 12 straight......
dwyanewadeblockedyourfavoriteplayer3.0::Christmas day
dwyanewadeblockedyourfavoriteplayer3.0::kevin Durant made Josh Smith look like an amatuer tonight
ddd007ddd::bottomline Harden is doing well just like OKC !But come playoffs,OKC is likely 2 miss Harden
Not Chris Moses::Martin adds what Fisher did last year off the court and what Harden did on the court.  Brooks is working the younger guys into the mix and by the end of the year the Thunder's bench will be seven or eight deep.
Neil826::team chemistry is also important.  even though the new guy might not be much different in stats he will never replace harden as a teammate.
Qzhoopin20::How does anybody know that?? This OKC team is only getting better. Their 3 best players are 24, 24 &amp; 23....and all 3 much better than they were last year. The addition of Martin is not much of a dropoff from Harden. OKC will be just fine....and I'm a Laker fan!
ForeverGrapeOKC::we missed him in June.....and he was on the team
JKRIII::Great point!
