I Love my MTV::If I'm the Hornets/Pelicans it's time to start tanking games.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::If the Timberwolves can stay healthy next year they should be a playoff team.
VikingsRavensMN::I wish we were relevant.. It could have been a scary post season in we were in there... (Getting Love, Budingger, AK, and Pek back.) I'm glad we gave D Will an opportunity... Personally he could be better than Love with Love packing on the pounds as of late..
MinniWolves90::I can't believe we came back like that, and of course it was the two guys we've been missing that close out the game for us. Pek with the clutch go-ahead FTs and then Kirilenko with the monster game-saving block. Go Wolves!!
Minnysota Vikings::Didn't get to watch the game last night. Glad to see Dwill is starting to look like a player. Also nice to have AK and Pek back obviously. Can't wait for Budinger to return.
SwagginSmurf::$@%!
Twinsfan5704::I think we're ready to go on a 22-game win streak
Skylander14::Glad the Wolves didn't sell low on Williams. They finally have been giving him the minutes and he has been very productive.
i-just-ate-a-whole-bag-of-chips::the wolves just beat a 22-45 team , wahooooo
crooked ernie::woo hoo way to go wolves!!
fbbscr10::who won?
i-just-ate-a-whole-bag-of-chips::the team that got the most points
Tyler BarnesMNSports::Yay
spennyjj3::The wolves won a close game! first time all year!
shawnthefan1::Love could play center he has the size. Would that make him a hybrid stretch center?
arenal11::not against most centers in the league, he's not that quick and doesn't have the best hops either.
wolfm4n86::i hope the wolves win the lottery!
Get your foot off the boat::I hope I win the lottery.....$$$$$$$$$$
EOswede::Me too.
espnmods_areidiots::this proves my point again  KEVIN LOVE IS WAY OVERRATED
2545jason::He didn't even play.
Omg its Darius::Just improving our draft odds
odayjimmy::hot damn it... hornets cant close games for $@%!!
polomontana::Please trade D-Will, he will go back to horrible minutes when Love returns.
arenal11::if we don't score a solid lotto pick i can see a package including D-Wil to move up in the draft.  that McLemore kid looks pretty darn good.
Sir Mittens the ninth::The Wolves would trade D-will in a heartbeat  if they got a decent SG for him.
mojart::monty is screwing AD's development
dlhouse18::If we win out we could still be .500 this season!
wunderrr::@MEM, LAC, SAS hehe
polomontana::SUCK IT ALL OF YOU D-WILL HATERS!!
YouMadDallas22::Why Wolves, why? We need ping pong balls not wins ugh.
Shelton2622::I just want Adelman to reach 1000 career wins this season.
wunderrr::welcome back win for Pek and AK
dlhouse18::ikr
vegasbuster10::Honestly why do the hornets have a team...every guy on their team wouldn't start for any other team in the league...Dwight said it best the hornets are a team full of losers nobody else wanted
brianidq::what going to happen to Derrick next year when Love is 100%?
arenal11::I'm hoping Pek will resign for reasonable money, say 7M/yr for 4yrs.  he's solid but he's not great either.  you can bet POR will screw with us while we try to work something out if we let him hit FA.  Williams PT will be based on how he improves this summer, 500 jumpers/day and an hour of ball-handling/day will do wonders.  he'll be entering his 3rd season....make or break time.
dlhouse18::It's not between him and Love, it's between Derrick and Pek. Love could play center while Derrick is at PF or they could use Pek and Love in the way they traditionally did. All depends whether we re-sign Pek I think.
Sir Mittens the ninth::Love at center? have gone looney man? Kevin doesn't even like to play the PF position anymore, the man was playing as hybrid SF-PF this season and the past. Love would start crying again if the Wolves even thought of putting him at center.
dlhouse18::We're going to no chance at a good lottery....
Cinciamann::Eric Gordon is sure earning his money.
ballerbooboo::why hornets keep going to him doing clutch time....geez vaq probably couldve got it done
mojart::don't worry dell will get rid of him this offseason
mojart::with the lose.....more ping pong balls and more chance of mclemore and marcus smart
vegasbuster10::Hornets are a complete joke....clippers are smart to cut ties with Gordan sorry $@%
FSoccer::It's highly unfortunate that this draft class sucks D
YankeeBoy1181::Nice to see Derrick starting to be that player we were expecting... GO WOLVES!
i-just-ate-a-whole-bag-of-chips::Dwill plays efficiently within the offense and doesn't need 20+ shot attempts like Love.
brianidq::what going to happen to Derrick next year when Love is 100%?
wunderrr::he looked somehow solid since few weeks
brianidq::over/under for wolves wins this year - 28?
Sir Mittens the ninth::I say we get 29 Wins if chase comes back strong.
Sir Mittens the ninth::damn Hornets trying to steal the #1 pick.
wunderrr::Nice to see AK47 and Pek playing again, thats all what that game was about
riodejeremy::2 Team Parlay #6899045990  Basketball - NBA Lines (Game) Total  (877) New Orleans Hornets vs. (878) Minnesota Timberwolves  Over 191 (-105) Mar 17/13@06:05p   Final Scores  New Orleans Hornets 95  Minnesota Timberwolves 97    Basketball - NBA Lines (Game) Total  (879) Golden State Warriors vs. (880) Houston Rockets  Under 218 (-115) Mar 17/13@06:05p   Final Scores  Golden State Warriors 108  Houston Rockets 78    Outcome: Win  Date settled: Mar 17, 2013 08:28:22 PM  Web	US$ 80.00	US$ 212.01
mojart::with the 8th pick..kahn select trey burke/carter-williams....:)
FSoccer::I hate everything about this shi.tty a.ss team
TheWickerMan545::Cant believe we just keep losing
Twankies7::GOT TO BE $@%!$@% KIDDING ME
lazers97::Kings or Lakers?
Mick Zangrilli::How what happened?
lazers97::we got screwed
bcouch3::poor hornets
Sir Mittens the ninth::Fire David Kahn
lazers97::freakin terrible
zsizsu::OT
LesGeaux225::When an L is actually a W. Tanking 101. Geaux Pelicans.
Aaron.Rob::but because of the stupid lottery system, a worse record doesn't necessarily mean a better draft pick
Scar177::Chances of this going in?
lazers97::NEED A TWO DONT SHOOT A 3
mojart::i would be laughing if kahn pick another PG in the upcoming draft
wunderrr::lets hope for a SG who can make shots
Sir Mittens the ninth::he will or another tweener.
KLOE416::He f----ing loves tweeners
lazers97::OT somehow please
aaron.bro_::YOU ARE A $@%!$@% DUMB FU** IF YOU EVER GAMBLE LAS VEGAS NEVER LOSES !$@% THE NBA !$@% YOU
1brom99::lol
wunderrr::AK47
