creep::There's always time to bandwagon back to the Lakers, Clipper fans. I'm sure you are frustrated, you big dummies.
Andrew::One flopping team ripping another, classic. Spurs your another team that flops. Go away
creep::Clipper fans talking so much nonsense recently is kind of creepy don't you think?
creep::We'll be comparing notes between the Lakers, with 4 key players out injured against the Clippers, with the second coming of Christ out injured. I bet the Lakers win more games now!
creep::Going to be embarrassing until the savior returns. I've said all along without Chris Paul they are anywhere from bottom feeder to mediocre and no better.
Andrew::Maybe Paul and Westbrook will be out the entire season and the sorry Spurs can get another free pass to the finals. Hopefully you will have home court. Because, check the facts - You have never won anything without it. You need Home court and home court calls. Very evident, never won a title without Home Court in your entire History. Look up the Rockets 6th seed team, that's a real team.  Nobody wants to see another Spurs/Heat rematch. The final two games were great. But the first 5 were awful, it was a flopping contest.  Both teams are floppers. Your Coach cries to refs the entire game, working calls - same with Duncan. Very sneaky and bush league. Duncan is such a brown noser to the refs, it's pure comedy - handing them the ball. What a panzy chump. Anything for a call.  You need calls to win Spurs or you would have won a title on the road. You have not done that. Home court means everything to the Spurs. They have had zero success without it.  Just wanted to put that fact out there.
laker fan 1989::Wow the Clippers are terrible without CP3. Blake Griffin came back down to Earth.
M Phillips::Another 'garbage time by the half' game bought to you by the Spurs. I'm a Mavericks fan, but can't help admiring how this core is still taking care of business when just about every other that has opposed it has been blown up at least once.
Andrew::Funny thing is Spurs fan you actually ripping someone who flops. Come on. Are you that much of a complete homer fan base?  Your team is a flopper team also. Ask any fan base besides your own.  Listen up:   I will recap this for you.  Ginobli = the biggest flopper since Divac = the guy's game is flopping, throwing elbows, whiplash.  Duncan = Throws his arms into the defender and pretends he is fouled. Then runs to the free throw line like its a done deal, what a chump. This dude tricks the refs the entire game, he works the refs and brown noses often.  Popavich = Constantly in the refs ear, acts like his team is getting screwed over. What a total farse.  Parker = another wimp, falls over on contact = does not flop as much as the others. But he will take a drive like most european players  Don't bark too much at Flopping Spurs fan. Your team is a flopping team if you did not know, you do now. Only your little fan base thinks the opposite.
creep::Expect more of this Clipper fans. The Clipper messiah is out injured!
