H0G.W1LD::This is the sad part of dominant teams in any sport, there are people like aise5668 who sit around waiting for that team to stumble, and when they do, people like him jump on the old computin machine to spam their hate.
aise5668::Well, I will say after the game Sunday in OKC, maybe DRose did deserve the MVP.  That team was a complete mismatch for the might Thunder.
H0G.W1LD::everyone has bad games, a good game from the bulls is giving the thunder 85 points and scoring 100 on them, but thunder desrved the win, chicago couldnt pay for shots to go in
yardog59::I wouldn't judge anything from one game.
sheahen2008::Aise5568 playoffs is a wide open game.  Who knows who will win...Learn basketball before you $@%!$ and $@%!$...  Rose is hurt....you dont have your star guard who scores 25+ and 8+ assist.  A guy that helps a team win...the games that he was out we could of won like OKC or Nuggets or Rockets.  you are an idiot..  Rose makes everyone better.  A team can't be a fraud if they beat top rank teams like spurs, pacers, knicks, lakers, clippers, magics and the list goes on with rose and without rose they still beat the $@%!$@ teams..  OKC has had no injuries...  SO if they lost either durant or westbrook, they have noooooooooooooooo back up plan...Have a great day $@%!$@%!.
sheahen2008::But you don't know that until Rose is out there.  OKC had the same team last year without perkins and still won...
sheahen2008::His brain was scrambled when the dr dropped him as a baby and looked at his mom and said seriously you have the ugliest baby i have ever seen lol!
Evolver30::I don't think they would have won that OKC game. OKC was just flat out on fire, but yes, I do see the other ones having a different ending...
yardog59::Stop making sense to him, you'll scramble his brain!
DRoseIsSexy::Unlike Aise I dont' believe spamming that OKC is bad will make any other team better. Nor do I think spamming Rose deserves MVP will effect who wins it. All I am looking forward to is Bulls vs OKC in the finals HOPEFULLY.
Danny74068::I'm out peace out. Later bulls nation.  later haters keep living in your misserable world hating life...  good luck living life.. See you until tomorrow Bull friends
aise5668::Bulls are 18-1 against  Sacramento Detroit Washington Toronto Charlotte New Jersey New Orleans Cleveland  But against playoff teams, the've been very average.  They are like a college football team who schedules themselves to a national championship game and then gets exposed.  I'm sorry but you guys are getting exposed.
ArcusProtus::Umm... second best record in the NBA against .500+ teams =/= average.  Learn you something before posting, dumb@$$.
BeanZ06::I want you to logically think about your comment!  The team with the best record in the league is average against playoff teams!  So what does that say about the other playoff teams in the league?
yardog59::Bulls &gt; Everyone else.   Get over it!
Danny74068::Who won between Grizzlies and OKC last night?? can someone Tell me? Please??
yardog59::Poor excuse, there no such thing as a scheduling loss and YOU know it!!
aise5668::That was a scheduling loss and you know it!  The Thunder played Heat, Lakers, Bulls right in a row with Miami tomorrow.  Then, as a gift, the NBA puts an underrated Memphis nestled between the Bulls and Heat on the back half of a back to back.  I guaranteed that we would lose that game before it even happened.  Sorry, but you know it and I know it!
Danny74068::AISES5668 5 year old daughter will be a proud girl when she grows up, and your parents must be proud.
yardog59::You assume this idiot has gotten laid in his life, you give far too much credit.
aise5668::No, he's right.  I do have a 5 year old daughter.
aise5668::Did you hear that sound?  I think it was the sound of another fake Bulls fan jumping off of the bandwagon.
DRoseIsSexy::OKC is a good team. No one says they aren't. Yes we lost w/o Rose. Yes the game would have been different. But who cares?
Evolver30::'Falling flat on it's face.'- Losing 2 games in a row for the first time in over a year because of poor defensive effort and still being best in the league? Still think they will be ok..
aise5668::Obviously, not many people because this place is a ghost town without all of the bandwagon fans.  You are a true fan, props to you but those posers are gone now that the team is falling flat on it's face.
DRoseIsSexy::How mad are you we are #1 in the league right NOW w/o Rose?
aise5668::But I take it all back now becaue I found out he's good friends with Westbrook.  So now I like DRose.
aise5668::No, I said stuff like: He cheated on his SAT He didn't deserve the MVP He got Memphis to forfeit all 38 games He didn't fulfill his obligation to the Good Wife He threw Boozer under the rug He campaigned for fouls while calling himself a demigod and superstar He flashed gang signs He wasn't going to try as hard now because of his contract He choked in big games  But with respect to the Bulls, I always said that they were better with him, just not that much better.  Go look it up...
Danny74068::Bull S*IT.  you keep saying he sucked... the Bulls were better without him.  Stop hating kid. Be a man and grow up.
aise5668::I never claimed that the Bulls were Better without Rose.  I said that they were only MARGINALLY better WITH Rose and therefore he didn't deserve his MVP.  But I take all of that back because I found out he's good friends with Westbrook so he's okay in my book now.
Danny74068::For weeks his been claiming that the Bulls are better without Rose.  Now his OKC team gives us a beating and I guess he can't back that sh*t up.  It's odbious we need Rose, and he hates on Rose.
aise5668::This place is like a ghost town.  Where are all of the bandwagon bulls fans now?  I guess they realized that it's April, time for big boy basketball, time for the Bulls to show that they are a Fraud.
DRoseIsSexy::Does that make him a bandwagon fan for following Durant? I mean he calls us that for liking Rose.
Danny74068::That does not make him a Bandwagon.. it' makes him an idiot with lack of intelligence and maturity.
DRoseIsSexy::I don't even know what team he likes. All I see is how much he wishes he could be Rose.
Danny74068::He likes OKC.  Probably pist off at Rose that last year's MVP award was given to Rose and not Durant.  Still can't get over that
DRoseIsSexy::You must seriously have some issues. You hate the bulls more than anyone I have ever seen. As for where are our fans. They are probably off doing other things. Unlike you we don't sit here and spam how much other teams suck. Or try to convince people to hate their teams stars. No matter how much you spam. No one is going to agree with you. Get over it.
Danny74068::He hates the bulls yet he spends most of his lonely time here.  LOL...
aise5668::Someone must've told the bulls that it's April because now they are choking more than a '73 Pinto
yardog59::first time this year they've lost back to back after running of the 2nd most games without doing so in the history of the game, and you think they're choking?? How do you fit so much stupid inside that head of yours??
Danny74068::Hey Moron... Derrick Hater.. I thought you said the bulls didnt' need Rose.  Get your fact staight and don't get Cocky that your Thunder Beat us.  yes, congrats to the Thunder but don't get to cocky.. you still played a short bulls team.  I'm a man, so congrats to your team. Now stop hating Fool.  Losing their 2nd consecutive loss for the first time since last year 's season is not chocking.  You lack intelligence.
rjerden70::Problem with the Rockets is that to this point we still don't know how good they are. They play hard every night and hustle their tales off. Even with our back court out for nearly a month they still battle and continue to beat teams that no one thinks they will. Pretty awesome
DRoseIsSexy::Grats to the rockets. No excuse they played better.
Alan Allstar::Lebron James is way better than Derek Rose  Assist, Points, Rebounds, and especially in the 4th Quarter  last year is last year
yardog59::James doesn't have more assists than Rose. Rose is # 8 in the league in assists average.
Danny74068::I heard Lebron is looking for a Hobbit... He is trying to steal his ring.
DRoseIsSexy::Durant is the MVP. James doesn't play like a real MVP. Disappearing in the 4th quater is not a MVP.
Danny74068::So what?  Titles are not given to the best player but the best Team.  Where have you been?
DRoseIsSexy::Welcome to this year. It's 2012.
054sandra::Actually, the Heat only need to match the Bulls in exterior wins and beat the Bulls head-to-head to claim the #1 seed
DRoseIsSexy::Yeah it's gonna be tight.
054sandra::The Heat have an easier schedule remaining
Alan Allstar::How the hell do the bulls lose to the rockets they suck so bad GO  MIAMI
69Lakers2012::like that quick..!!!
DRoseIsSexy::Same way Miami lost to Bucks, Pacers, Lakers, Celtics, and other teams on the road. Next question?
DRoseIsSexy::Hi danny
Danny74068::What's going on DRoseISexy?
DRoseIsSexy::Exactly +1
Danny74068::Not even the same way... Chicago have been losing games missing last years MVP... Heat have lost games with their "Big 3".
69Lakers2012::the bulls need D-ROSE to come back quick...!!!!!! FACT...
dabears10540::meh... miami has had a couple chances to close the gap, they haven't.
69Lakers2012::i think the bulls dont wanna lose the #1 seed cause miami is getting close!!!!
yardog59::They only need him back for as long as it's going to take him to get back into game shape for the playoffs. Not worried about the rest of the regular season.
YoungQuin88::cyborgi312 - yeah i know i never really see him driving when rose is in the gamethat good NO u cant so stop stick with the threes  but when rose is injured  oh i can be watson ............................................... I think the pressure is getting to him (referring to C.J Watson) or something so he overcompinsates (i think i spelled that right) by taking ill advised shots and chucking circa. golden state. plus he's easily goaded into playing run and gun with other teams and is not very good running a half court offense like D Rose. his best attempt is standing at the top of the three point line and dribbling for 15 seconds and everybody standing still watching Korver or Hamilton run through screens to shoot jumpshots. It's infuriating.less
mccoywajmu::sam smith (bulls insider) said..the last 6 of the last 9 bulls opponents have had their pg as the leading scorer in games vs chi.....tell me they dont miss d rose on defense
YoungQuin88::Woww i didnt know that. thats sick. man we need that dude back. i feel ike im not watching Bulls basketball sometimes with the half hearted( or half a.ssed) performances ive been seeing lately.
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::Bulls have --- Bos, NYC, NYC, MIA, DET, WAS, CHA, MIA, DAL, IND, CLE, and only three back to backs. they should head into the playoffs fairly well rested, it's not an exhausting  schedule left and should be able to win enough to keep the one seed
cyborgi312::i thinko lebron is immune to ringworm
DRoseIsSexy::Best thing about 90% of heat fans on this board. They would be Chicago fans had James came here lmao. Or some other teams fans if him and bosh had went elsewhere.
DonRodie3::Miami heat = the bandwagon team, if you don't like your  home team, join the bandwagon lmao
YoungQuin88::i have an uncle whos a bandwagon laker fan. he was over my old man crib getting his rocks off when the Bulls lost to OKC. i was like "did'nt the lakers lose at home to OKC and did'nt kobe just go 3-21 the day before " then his dumba.ss sat down lol
YoungQuin88::ah he's a stormcloak bandwagon fan then lmao!
DonRodie3::whats makes it even more funny is he actually went to a bulls game and routed for the bulls lmao but when the bulls lost he routed for the Heat against the mavs
YoungQuin88::Thats pathetic smh.
DonRodie3::My brother from chicago but all last year he went with the heat to win it all. But when the playoff started and he saw the Bulls had the number 1 record he turned back to a bulls fan and went with the bulls.  Thats the mind of a true bandwagoner lmao
YoungQuin88::Indeed.
DonRodie3::Thats the mind of a true bandwagoner lmao
ChiBulls8908::fairandbalanced00 - I'm hoping that debrick rose gets %100 healthy along with 34yr hamilton so when they face the Heat and loose in 5games they won't have an excuse of why they lost. chicago won't beat Miami in a 7game series. ...................................... Shows how stupid Heat Fans are. DeBrick? Are you serious. You are that stupid that you had to steal the nickname, LeBrick, that we created. hahahahahahahaha
fairandbalanced00::Your boy can't shoot in the playoffs against the HEAT.......= debrick rose.
ChiBulls8908::Shame on you for stealing our nickname for your choker!
yardog59::Note to trolls:  The Heat can't hang with the Bulls in a 7 game series. Not sure any team in the league can, that bench is too deep for them to handle.
mccoywajmu::We are consistenly getting throttled by opposing pgs....that never happens with derrick on the floor...these guys are killing watson and lucas...so much for the whole derrick doesnt play defense moniker
YoungQuin88::i think the pressure is getting to him or something so he overcompinsates (i think i spelled that right) by taking ill advised shots and chucking circa. golden state. plus he's easily goaded into playing run and gun with other teams and is not very good running a half court offense like D Rose. his best attempt is standing at the top of the three point line and dribbling for 15 seconds and everybody standing still watching Korver or Hamilton run through screens to shoot jumpshots. It's infuriating.
YoungQuin88::i don't hate them but they a.ss needs to be on the bench. sometimes watson plays so timid he never drives then when he does and gets those slow a.ss layups blocked he gets instantly discouraged i be like "sit yo soft a.ss down bro"
cyborgi312::yeah i know i never really see him driving when rose is in the game but when rose is injured  oh i can be that good NO u cant so stop stick with the threes watson
cyborgi312::thats y cj watson is the only bull i hate
YoungQuin88::lol.
cyborgi312::well u have to understand he little johnny is a third string u shouldnt excpect so much but watson driving to the lane with the clock running down makes me wanna slap my momma or his
ChiBulls8908::I hate JL3 more. The Rec League Chucker
YoungQuin88::its almost starting to get disgusting bro. im tired of even defending it. I think the Bulls are for a lack of words bored or whatever but you find you're self tired of saying " Damn i know this would'nt have happened if D Rose was playing". its upsetting. i was like "DRAGIC" yesterday WTF!! i was soo pissed watching Westbrook flexing all around sunday. I was like you simple F.uck u know u couldnt do that s.hit if u had to gaurd Rose smh. not a slight to OKC tho. They good but JL3 and C.J were so useless it was infuriating...
YoungQuin88::boy oh boy, im soooo tired of this CP3&gt;Rose crap. my dude we need u back. so quickly these guys forget who owns the PG position.. We need u to remind the dumba.sses who the boss is again... Blah blah blah "if you're looking for a pure pg i'd take CP3, but if you want a scoring pg i'd take Rose...." whatever. If you want a winning,dominating pg then pull you're head out yo as.s cause rose is better. Ohhh i see.. You forgot huh. ok he'll be back to remind you soon Go. Bulls
DonRodie3::CP3 is super overrated. His playing style is so lame. I'm used to the chi town playing style like. D wade and D Rose. Plus he care about stats too much. He need to do what it takes so his team can win. If he cant do that then he is overrated.
YoungQuin88::its ok tho. im just tired of this stupid logic trying to downplay what Rose does on the court to a CP3 or a D Will. i think they are very good but they cant touch D Rose and i bet they know it too. They will be reminded soon enough tho. i cant wait!
DonRodie3::Joel Anthony = best heat player lmao
Alan Allstar::Indiana will win the East
Gilchrest89::Pacers are decent... But they won't get past the Bulls AND the Heat, especially without the home court advantage in either series!
DonRodie3::lmao
DRoseIsSexy::Pacers are decent if you don't show to play they can beat u.
42Wolverine21::wahahahhah!!! boy u crack me up
fairandbalanced00::I'm hoping that debrick rose gets %100 healthy along with 34yr hamilton so when they face the Heat and loose in 5games they won't have an excuse of why they lost. chicago won't beat Miami in a 7game series.
Jimmy45795::Since you can tell the future how come you didn't win the mega millions?
RAlexander 07::"But Lebron had to team up with other superstars and he still can't win!"             - Bulls Fan
42Wolverine21::forreal boys!!! we gon smack chicago rite upside their chin
DRoseIsSexy::You can't state that until it happens. We're 1-1 this season. You got whopped at our place by our bench. Chi's bench &gt; Miami's bench. It will be closer this year. Especially if we get home court. Wait till the game is played before you celebrate. Or deal with what happend last year.
mwlevine::Bulls absolutely need Rose back or it is over. You don't get to prey on the Charlottes and Toronto's in the playoffs like in the regular season.
42Wolverine21::idk how any bod gon go gainst the heat less they got poo drippin from dare butt
DonRodie3::naw that can't be english. Thats poody tang lol
DonRodie3::lmao thats a text message. what kind of phone you got?
DonRodie3::lmao ok thats why
42Wolverine21::got one dem dinosaur phones
DRoseIsSexy::English
42Wolverine21::u serious???
Gilchrest89::The Heat will be tough to beat in a 7-game series by anyone in the NBA!  I think OKC and Chicago have the best chance if they have home court.  Of course, Chicago needs to be healthy and Rose needs to play like the MVP he was last year!
DonRodie3::lol the heat suck, did you see Rondo destroy the heat? The heat had all they players too.The Heat probably won't even get past the pacers or boston. The Heat must cheat in order to defeat, the bulls
DonRodie3::@Gil yea they got a good chance to beat the heat though. Especially the pacers with all those big mans on the court. Plus the got guards
DonRodie3::poody tang, what you talking about? lmao
Gilchrest89::The Celtics did handle the Heat as did OKC...but those are just regular season games!  In the playoffs it's a 7-game series.  Celtics and/or Pacers would have to win all their home games AND steal one in Miami where the Heat have been tough to beat this year!  But the Heat have sucked on the road lately!
42Wolverine21::wahahahahhaha!!!!! u uneducated poo  brain
fairandbalanced00::bull fans talking about facing okc in the finals as if they have already beaten Miami in the ECF, what a joke! Miami will give you another reality check, since you bull fans forgot that. Another 5game series victory by the HEAT!
DonRodie3::miami suck they can't even beat Rondo lmao
Nanrad_91::Well, it's better than claiming we are going to win 7+ championships before the first day of practice.
RAlexander 07::Lebron can't close out big games!!
Gilchrest89::The Bulls need not panic but I've heard reports that Rose's injury is more serious than originally thought.  Bulls need to be healthy to be serious championship contenders.  Also concerned if Rose will be back in time to get a few regular season games under his belt before the playoffs start.  That's going to be important for his conditioning and team chemistry.  As someone said below, the Bulls health will determine how far they go this year.
bobbydagreat::How in the hell does Scola get 3 blocks in a game? The guy is lucky if he gets one a week.
DRoseIsSexy::Hamilton needs to get fired up fast. Rose hopefully comes back soon. Imo only way we beat Miami in playoffs is homecourt. Otherwise just add 30 points in foul shots for Miami. OKC fans are awesome just like Chi fans so playing there would suuuuck.
DRoseIsSexy::Worried about Deng. Play through pain is looking like a bad option, it's obvious he's starting to hurt more each game.
ChiBulls8908::It comes down to health. Is Dengs wrist going to hold up? How effective will Rose be? Can Rip maintain solid minutes in the playoffs
Rossi46Doctor::True!  These last few games are going to determine whether or not we have a solid playoff rotation.  Derrick has a lot of years ahead of him, so it's wise to sit him out, but I'd like to see them all get back in a groove before May rolls around.
DonRodie3::Drose = mvp = he needs to come back asap
DRoseIsSexy::Bulls got blown out vs. OKC. If you saw that game it's obvious how much bulls need him.
fairandbalanced00::media mvp, unfairly handed to him.
Nanrad_91::What does MVP mean to you? Is it just stats or something more.
ChiBulls8908::You are such a hater. wow. Go suck off a LeBron fathead poster you queer
GoldenStateLegend::The fact that the Bulls other than the past 2 games  do pretty good without him, shows that he may not be that valuable
DonRodie3::If rose don't deserve the mvp that means we need to take back steve nash two mvps because he has 0 defence, he got it because his team was number 1 not because he was number 1. By the way, chris paul suck. That dude is super lame and care about stats too much
DonRodie3::no that shows you hating on derrick rose. Every team he ever played on he was the mvp since he was in high school. You won't be able to understand that because you are not from chicago or a bulls fan, So that means you don't really watch bulls games so you can only say what you feel. I seen every point guard in the nba play and DRose is the best pg. He has the most talent out of all of them. He the coldest pg out there. He a winner,the other arrogant pgs only care about they stats getting 20 point and 10 assist and 2 steals and they still cant get that. Rose level of talent is past all the pgs in the nba. Thats why he was mvp.
GoldenStateLegend::I not saying he's not a great player, and Im not saying the Bulls dont need him, Im just saying maybe Noah and Deng are a bit more important to the teams success then he is
sjr1893::thats crazy talk, Bulls need Rose to go far in the playoffs
ChiBulls8908::Rose is the glue to our team. He has been putting up 22 and 8 this year. Great numbers for a PG. Also the fact we have been playing sh*tty as of late is bc of poor PG play
DRoseIsSexy::Bulls lost, OKC lost, Miami lost to boston. It's obvious teams are getting tired.
hapatino::So much overreaction to single regular season losses. No team will be perfect. Yet when one loses they are "garbage" or "stink".  Lets play out best 4 out of 7's and have fun rooting for your teams. The playoffs should be plenty fun,
ChiBulls8908::No. Heat Fans will say that they just had an off night and will continue to destroy every team in their path. Nothing will stop the mighty Heat this year!
IsRoseChinese::Now Im going to the toilet to make a Bulls Fan! SEE YA!
ChiBulls8908::Riddle me this Heat Bandwagoners: Why do you guys talk about last year like it was a success? It's a new season queerbates ;-)
IsRoseChinese::We OWN you PUNK!
Rossi46Doctor::IsRoseChinese - We OWN you PUNK!  I think this guy is just a gag poster.  Not a real troll.  If he is, he's certainly dull. He makes Heatster and Gogoberry look like Hemingways.
bobbydagreat::Everyone saw it coming too.
ChiBulls8908::How does it feel that Dirk cocklslapped you last year? :-)
GrizzK4::Nice to see the trolls are out in force today. Surprise surprise. Not worth my time.
IsRoseChinese::Bulls SUCK you LOSER! Get Lost!
DonRodie3::you clearly racist
hapatino::You clearly have not visited a Heat "conversation" when they lose.
Rossi46Doctor::hapatino - Where have I trashed them. The worst I have said in the eyes of a Bulls fan is that the Heat beat them up 4 straight games last year (LESS than a year ago) - when a Bull lover stated that they had not lost back to back games in over a year.  "Cows"?  LOL don't try to pose as a reasonable Miami fan, kid.  You've been trolling this board for a couple hours
hapatino::Where have I trashed them. The worst I have said in the eyes of a Bulls fan is that the Heat beat them up 4 straight games last year (LESS than a year ago) - when a Bull lover stated that they had not lost back to back games in over a year.
ChiBulls8908::So why are you here? Just to trash the Bulls?
SouthFLAnative::Bulls fans..Thosands of you troll Heat boards when the Heat lose. You can't get pissed when Heat fans troll you back.
ChiBulls8908::You can come here all you want but to continue to say: The Bulls suck, Rose is a fraud, Rose sucks. etc shows how stupid the Miami Fanbase is. They show respect for no one
hapatino::As a Heat fan, I do not say those things - but there are always hater on both sides.
IsRoseChinese::Because you SUCK! You get NO RESPECT! We Will DESTROY you again in the playoffs! DESTROY!
hapatino::If this was a Heat loss posting - there would be 5000+ posts twice over. This one cant even hit 5K
SouthFLAnative::absolutely...heat fans get trolled by lil bulls butt boys
sjr1893::Rip isnt healed from that shoulder injury, Im really worried he will aggravate it again
fairandbalanced00::they call him mr. glass!
IsRoseChinese::Ha Ha Ha Ha! Rip Hamilton PLEASE! The heat will SLAP Mr Glass right off the court!
ChiBulls8908::Such an ignorant troll. so cute
ChiBulls8908::A Heat Trolls logic on why the Bulls suck: Rose is a whimp. Rose is a fraud. The Bulls choke. Miami is better. LeBron owns you.   Miami "fans" never provide stats with their "logic" They just think they are always right. That's why your fanbase is a joke
fairandbalanced00::4-1 ECF series against your bulls.  last play of game 5? debrick rose getting BLOCKED by Lebron. How is that about stats and facts!
SouthFLAnative::Bulls fans are internet strong. there is such thing called the "bulls twitter mafia" bulls fans are geeks.
DonRodie3::come to k-town and say that and see were that get you
Rossi46Doctor::IsRoseChinese - We Bend bulls fans over here in Miami! Say weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee little pigs!  So... your'e saying you're a homosexxual hillbilly? Ok.  Cool.
ChiBulls8908::Fair and balanced: Why are you here?
fairandbalanced00::oh yeah!, chicago fans don't troll..go check Miami's page and you will find a sea of bull fans trolling.
IsRoseChinese::We Bend bulls fans over here in Miami! Say weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee little pigs!
ChiBulls8908::Bulls fans are some of the most knowledgeable and loyal fans in basketball. The fact you guys have to troll on our page shows me that either: A) You are scared to face the Bulls B) You spew hate on Chicago just because you're an idiot  Which one is it?
IsRoseChinese::Heres a stat little PIG! Heat FOUR games to ONE ECF! Suck on that stat you little PUNK!
IsRoseChinese::Heat 4 games to ONE! Youll NEVER see a NBA finals while the BIG 3 are in mIami! HA HA HA HA! Bulls SUCK!
ChiBulls8908::Man that ring on LeBron's finger sure is shiny........O wait
IsRoseChinese::Ha Ha Ha Ha! Rockets were 8-17 away! Bulls SUCK!
bobbydagreat::but one of those 8 games was in OKC, the Rockets are a good team that can beat anyone on any given night, even with their two best players out.
bobbydagreat::We'll see later on this month, they already beat the best 2 teams on the road, it wouldn't be surprising for them to beat the Heat as well, especially if they get more healthy by then.
IsRoseChinese::Cant BEAT Miami!
IsRoseChinese::Ha ha ha Ha! Bulls really SUCK!  NO CHANCE at beating the Heat in a 7 game series! NONE WHATSOEVER!
DonRodie3::racist troll?
SouthFLAnative::haha. da bulls
IsRoseChinese::Ha Ha Ha Ha! Rose is a WIMP!
IsRoseChinese::We OWN you!
IsRoseChinese::Rose is a WIMP! FACT!
ChiBulls8908::Choked? I dont think Rose choked. He just got locked down by double teams and having a fresh defender in his face at all times.
fairandbalanced00::debrick CHOKED against the Heat. forgot that already??
IsRoseChinese::We OWN you! You CANT beat us in a 7 game series! Thats ALL that matters! We OWN you!
ChiBulls8908::The last choke job I saw was LeBron in the championship? I don't recall the Bulls ever choking
IsRoseChinese::Too bad the bucks WONT be in the playoffs and Miami will WHIP you CHOKERS again 4-1!
ChiBulls8908::The Bucks own you
fairandbalanced00::Talk all you want, drop as many games or whatever, what matters is how you fair in the playoffs. At the end it will be Heat vs bulls in the ECF.
hapatino::Regular season is important, but not critical. Ask the Bulls how a dominant regular season and #1 seed turned out for them.
fairandbalanced00::nope.
Rossi46Doctor::Skip?  Is that you?
Rossi46Doctor::Hey, did u guys hear that Miami fans have redefined "sweep?"  Now it means anytime you win 4 straight, it's a sweep.  Even if you win the series 4-3.  I think they redefined "Championship," too.  Now it means "Eastern Conference Champions."
hapatino::Not losing back to back games in over a year means the losing back to back to back to back games to the Heat LESS than a year ago does not count. It's easy to "forget" the beating the Heat laid on the Bulls from a Bulls fans perspective.
Rossi46Doctor::ChiBulls8908 - What beating was that? I recall every game being very close with the Bulls having a 4th quarter lead numerous times. The heat won that series. The Heat did not lay a beating on the Bulls tho  Exactly.  The Heat fans are so insecure about having only one fluke title and failing last year when they were favored... Trolling a Bulls reg season loss is all they have to hang their hats on LOL
hapatino::Losing 4 straight is a beating even if it wasnt 10+ point wins all the time. That shows one team dominated the other where it counted the most. Wins and losses.
IsRoseChinese::Bulls are CRAP! Bulls fans are STUPID!
ChiBulls8908::What beating was that? I recall every game being very close with the Bulls having a 4th quarter lead numerous times. The heat won that series. The Heat did not lay a beating on the Bulls tho
fairandbalanced00::which this version of the bulls is Not and won't be for a while.
bobbydagreat::Once again, Daryl Morey proves that he is the best GM in the NBA. The Rockets continue to win despite the fact that their two best players are out. That Dragic trade was theft plain and simple.
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::bulls and Celts are winning to without key players and they are not fighting for the last playoff spot
bobbydagreat::They are also not playing in the West. Take the top two players off of any team and see if they make the playoffs in the West.
Road dog Red::Later Chitown fans...rest ROSE and everything will be Rosy
Madhouse_United::Scal is the only reason Boston won the 17th. :)
Road dog Red::Haaa haaha hahaa.... FACT
Road dog Red::He was their freaking leprechaun
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::FACT
Rossi46Doctor::LOL
Road dog Red::When is Chicago going to dump Bozo BOOZER...he's holding the team back
DonRodie3::No you must don't watch bulls games. Boozer shooting over 50% and is playing good. Deng is the one who is super inconsistent. One day deng would score well the next day he would go 1 for 9 and shooting or 5 for 15. People who can't see just say what the media say. Gibson and boozer are not the problem. They are great power forwards. Deng need to step up when rose gone. He can't be shooting 1 for 9. Also Lucas and watson need to do better. The bulls do not have a PF problem. They have a shooting guard and Deng problem.
fairandbalanced00::I thought bull fans were faithful and have  their players back even when they are going through a bad streak. It's funny how you bash Heat  fans.  boozer is a decent player. stay supportive.
Road dog Red::I like Taj..more energy..better defense
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::Taj is great player but I think as a team spiting time it works out great, and Taj has improved his offense but it's still not as good as boozer.
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::Boozer is having a good season and I think we need him. he finally fits in the offense and is in better shape than last year.  Boozer and gibson split the time at the 4 so it's not like he is getting heavy min anyway. we really need is offense and he is a really good passer. his D as of late has not been so bad either
