laker fan 1989::Please give Jordan Hill more mins, the dude should be playing at least 20+mins a game! Sean Williams is poop dude, let Hill have his mins. First bad game for Farmar and blake has yet to have a good game. I think Farmar should play point towards the end of games and Nash as shooting guard. Nash looked slow and old out there tonight. We were lucky to even win the game. Thanks to 2 bone headed turn overs by the hawks.
James::At 2-2 the Lakers are looking good for who they are. There are several things that has to happen this season. Nash has to rest. Kobe has to come back healthy byThangsgiving or 1st of December. DAntoni has to be fired and Rambis take over with Phil consulting him. Xavier Henry will be a better Three when Kobe returns. Jordan Hill or Chris Kamin has to be the Four with the other as the back up. Shawn Williams has got to be pushed back into a reserve role. That will take care of it self when D Antoni is gone. The bench will be strong with Wesley Johnson, Nick Young, Jodie Meeks and Steve Blake coming off the bench. A healthy Kobe and D Antoni gone can assure this team a comfortable 6 seed this year.
drtyshame::It's kind of hard to get excited over a win that was determined by 'charity throws' that come at the end of the game.   Flashbacks from last years "refs to the rescue" #$%$, all over again.  Gasol although, is doing good with the inexperienced cast that he's working with.  But woe alas,  methinks that he is just being fattened up for the chopping block come all star break.  I mean, it's not like they haven't tried to trade him off already..........
Cj::My own thoughts and opinions:  Another good game from the Lakers bench. Wes Johnson showed off his athleticism and the defensive potential that made him a 4th overall pick with his long arms and leaping ability. Nick Young had an efficient game off the bench with better shot selection and faster 2nd unit tempo. Chris Kaman continues to be consistent and provides a nice veteran presence with a young bench unit. Jordan Farmar had his first bad game due to turnovers (4 TO) and a bad shooting night but continues to play good defense with two steals. Jordan Hill came up with huge defensive and offensive plays in only 13 minutes, he obviously needs more minutes. Jodie Meeks was so and so.   The starting lineup continues to be outshined by the younger more confident 2nd unit. Pau Gasol continues to shoot jumpers instead of using his post game, I believe due to his age he's settling for more jumpshots instead of banging with the big guys in the paint other than that he had a nice rebounding game but had a poor shooting percentage due to his excessive jumpshots. Steve Nash had his best game in a long time but sadly still wasn't a great game from him, his age and speed have killed him as a player. Xavier Henry played well as a starter and continues to play confidently, he needs to work on setting up the big men in the paint to be less predictable when driving to the paint but continue to be aggressive when driving to the basket. Shawne Williams continues to play good hustle defense but hasn't broke out offensively yet, he can be in danger of losing the starting PF spot. Steve Blake also continues to struggle this regular season, even though he's the starting SG he's always playing like a PG he needs to get his game together.  So far the bench players are the better lineup than the older line up with 3 thirty plus year olds. I respect Steve Nash but I hope he retires ASAP. I like this as the Laker starting lineup:  PG- Jordan Farmar SG- Xavier Henry SF- Wesley Johnson PF- Chris Kaman (I think Jordan Hill's energy will diminish if he gets starter minutes but I hope I'm wrong) C- Pau Gasol
Commenter::D Antoni needs to be fired. who in the right mind play shawne williams so damn much i mean yeah 17 mins whatever but when you have players like Kaman and Hill playing less, no wonder there are times were the lakers are slumping. they would have a much better line up if Nash, Young, Henry, Hill/Kaman, and Gasol started instead of starting two pg and reserve pf.
Christopher::@PAUL i have a question for you... what team do you like?? if you don't answer then you are a sad low life loser who spends his time on the computer all day saying how much he dislikes the Lakers... oh wait you already are. hahaha. but seriously answer the question.
Faisal Shah::A win is a win but that 4th quarter was disgusting. Why not leave in your best unit to start the fourth quarter if you already have a double digit lead...pull away and then let the bench play out the remainder of the game. Or does that make too much sense?
clubmaster51::I believe the lakers will beat the hawks and I live in Atlanta. If it were a home game I'd take the hawks
Captin_Irk::So far the Lakers have been the Good, the Bad & the Ugly. I thought they gave the last game away to the Spurs with horrible player rotation from Dantoni. I say why watch a player stink it up even after 2 mins? If he sucks just put in his replacement as they all are fighting for time on the court. Steve Nash better step it up or be sitting the bench as he has just had way to many turnovers. I hope to see Pau & Kaman on the court together and watch the bench keep getting better & better together.
Storm::Pau Gasol finally has a chance to step out of Kobe's shadow and boy, is he responding. Kobe is a great player and all but his ego needs to be put in check, and he needs to find a way to mesh himself with this team when he returns, instead of expecting them all to mesh to him, as he has always done in the past.
