scoot tre::Spurs keep winning.  I like it.
Raidersyeahthatsright::Green does so much more than Neal and/or Mills. Neal plays medicore (at best) defense and sometimes can't hit the broad side of a barn. Mills is fun but too small to hold his position defensively and a streaky shooter. Green, although a streaky shooter, always hits the boards, makes steals, blocks shots, you name it. I do think Neal would be more consistant if he wasn't trying to play PG, he should be SG only.
luvnbayes::Manu +29 last night.  He is just ridiculously good.  But I still think Pop can screw this up.  How?  By playing Blair instead of Diaw and by playing Green too much when Neal and Mills both bring more to the table.  Green should play some, but should be the 5th guard.  Neal and Manu share the off guard, TP and Mills the point, and Green comes in only in a pinch.
jeff050578::Spurs are relatively healthy and much better rested then the rest of the teams in the NBA. Lsst night the Spurs played 13 players 10 minutes or more. I am not sure who will win the west but i do know that being well  rested and healthy will serve the spurs well in the playoffs.
Bexindy55::I'm pleasantly surprised that the Spurs have caught the Thunder but unfortunately I don't think its likely that they'll be able to win the conference barring a major Thunder breakdown.  Spurs have more back to backs coming up than the Thunder and have one back-to-back-to-back.  Thunder gets SAC 3 times and Spurs get Lakers 3 times.  Weird schedule.  Pop isn't going to risk the health of the core like last season either so we'll just have to be content with that second spot and hope they play well.
Bexindy55::Spurs are going to bring it this year in the playoffs.  They have a quiet swagger that they didn't have last year.  I can see it.
daboafadem::Can anyone ever remember the Spurs going the entire month of April without playing the Rockets or Mavericks even once?  I guess with the shortened season, geography dictated the schedule more than divisional match-ups, but it just seems very weird not having a late season game against Dallas or Houston.  I mean, Utah twice, Lakers three times, Warriors twice, Phoenix twice, never seen this kind of line up late in the year.
Prometheus Guns::Ha! Spurs destroy NOLA. Last NOLA VS Lakers meeting, LA had to beat them in OVERTIME, and all the Lakers fans are talking trash right now! LMAO! They call us old but Spurs are YOUNGER than the Lakers. Lakers are done,  not Spurs.
Spurs4life93::FAIL LOLOL LIKE LAST YEAR WHEN THE LAKERS GOT SWEPT OUT OF THE PLAYOFFS BY THE MAVDICKS LMFAOOO
A-dude playing the dude disguised as another dude::FAIL, JUST LIKE LAST YEAR THE SPERMS LOL SPURS WENT OUT THE FIRST ROUND HAHAHA
Prometheus Guns::your a Laker fan in a Spurs vs NOLA thread.-- Whats more pathetic? Also, since your here only shows that YOUR SCARED OF THE SPURS!!!!! You feel its the only way to make LAL seem relevant again dont you? Awww ..how sad...  BOOOOOOOM! THATS THE SOUND OF ME DROPPING REALITY ON YOU!!! and Bynum getting another ejection.
nba is the worst::Stein is going to rank the Spurs #1 on Monday... <b>Even more incredible, they're #1 in Hollingers:  http://espn.go.com/nba/hollinger/powerrankings</b>
KentAZ58::When are the Spurs going to go away?  I don't like 'em but you have to give credit where it's due.  Popovich is a heck of a coach and the roster, while aging, manages to get the job done.  Still, I think they'll fade come playoff time as they did last year.
Raidersyeahthatsright::They didn't fade last yr. Manu was injured , Splitter was not comfortable yet and fighting naggin injuries and they were NO WHERE NEAR as deep or big as they are now.
slam_dunk_on_u::Typical spurt fan excuse! hahahaha  Pathetic idiots!
Prometheus Guns::ha!
Oneofthosefatguysthatfatguy::I thought the Spurs were good, and they are, but they aren't as good as I thought they were, and i'm glad nobody other than Spurs fans are hyping them up. Let me make my point. The ONLY wins that should count during the regular season are the ones against teams that will make it to the playoffs and are championship contender. If you can beat them in regular season, chances are you can beat them in playoffs. Wins against bad teams just make your W/O look nice.  These are the teams that are worthy, in my opinion, of making it to the playoffs and some being Championship contenders. I will list if they have played together or not, and wins according to the Spurs. Most listed are currently in playoffs positions in WCF and I listed those that will make it out of ECF.   Heat: 0-1 *lost series* Chicago: 0-2 *lost series* Lakers: 0 games played  OKC: 2-1 Dallas: 2-2 *tied series* Houston: 2-2 *tied series* Nuggets: 2-1 *won series* Clippers: 2-1 *won series*  Against top contending teams, Spurs have not won against Heat or Chicago looking to come out of the ECF, but are leading OKC. They have not played the Lakers, and against lower contending playoff teams, the Spurs are about even. Imo, Spurs have not shown anything worth mentioning for achampionship run. Playing the Heat once and not playing the Lakers at all. Lost to Chicago, and the series is not over with OKC. This is why the Spurs hit the season like a rock, making a huge splash, and then sink during the playoffs. Their W/O is grossly inflated. If they lose #1st in West they play against Houston which they tie a 4 game series, and will most likely leave in the first round again.
Shawn1807::The Spurs made significant improvements to their team at the trade deadline. Since then they have played better. The Bulls and Heat are the same the Spurs are not. At this point I think the Spurs can hang with anyone.
Bexindy55::You're  not a very intelligent guy.  You could use this same argument for the Heat as well.  They pretty much come out on the losing end against all the top contenders this season.  The playoffs are a different animal and comes down to coaching/match-ups/mental toughness/health, etc.    And Dallas' sweep/romp against the Lakers in last year's playoffs...totally unforeseen?
daboafadem::Oops.  I must have blocked out that OT loss when Pop played the scrubs a combined 9000 minutes.
nba is the worst::I just hope they stay healthy now!
daboafadem::And they only played Chicago, like most east teams, once.  The OKCseries is over.  Here are the real standings Spurs VS current playoff seeds:  Chicago 0-1                OKC 2-1  Miami 0-1                    LAL  0-0 Indiana 1-0                  LAC 2-1 Boston 1-0                   Memphis 3-0 Atlanta 1-0                   Dallas 2-1 Orlando 2-0                 Houston 2-2 Philadelphia 2-0          Denver 2-1 New York 1-0  8-2 against east playoff teams.  13-6 against west playoff teams.
Shawn1807::Nice! Thanks for the real list.
nba is the worst::(Dallas 2-2)
nba is the worst::Completely ridiculous.  1. The Spurs have the best record in the NBA vs .500+ teams, 25-9. Bulls are 2nd at 20-10 2. 1 game isn't a "series". Spurs only played the Bulls ONCE, along with the heat as you (accurately) posted. 3. Memphis is ahead of Dallas and Denver (5th in the West). Spurs 3-0 *won series* 4. Spurs 2-1 vs OKC *won series*  So they've won or tied the series with 6 contenders, and would have HCA over all but Chicago if the season was over.
slam_dunk_on_u::And they beat Memphis without Zbo LOL
slam_dunk_on_u::Why are these idiots keep saying they "SWEPT" MEMPHIS WHEN IN REALITY THERE IS ONE GAME LEFT AGAINST THEM ?? !! ONLY PATHETIC SPURT FANS LIKE THIS IDIOT ^
Prometheus Guns::. They only beat okc 8 times in their last 10 gamesView there reco
daboafadem::Selective reasoning.  *yawn*  Didn't include their sweep of Memphis, who is way more dangerous than Denver, Houston, or Clippers.
slam_dunk_on_u::They haven't swept Memphis idiot...last game is on Wednesday pathetic fool
tripledouble916::spurs are gonna be dangerous with their new additions of diaw, jackson and mills.
slam_dunk_on_u::I wanna make a deal with spurt fans:  If you guys manage to beat both the Lakers and Grizzlies on consecutive nights Wednesday and Thursday I will promise not to pick on your team anymore, so deal or not deal?
Shawn1807::The Lakers are gonna go all the way if they can beat the Suns ...............................OOOOOOOOpppps Sucks for you Laker fan.
cristo.1::Hey Dumbo, I look forward to your posts because it shows how insanely stupid your comments are. You don't know anything about anything and its funny to read your feminesque (like a chick) responses. No deal slam_spunk_on_your_face!
NOVABuffalo::who cares about this short bus rider
DalvinSplit::DEAL IS ON ......IN BACK TO BACK GAMES AGAINST LAKERS AND MEMPHIS SPURS WILL WIN THIS TWO GAMES WITH AUTHORITY . BRING AT ON   GO SPURS GO .
daboafadem::I actually enjoy your predictions.  During the Spurs run since late January you have picked against them pretty much every time, often even going as far to say they would lose by 10 or 15 or even 20.  Since that time the Spurs have gone 27-5 which is an 84% win rate, making your predictions a 16% success rate.  Keep posting those predictions.  Surely someone on ESPN will take notice and offer you a job.  You'd fit right in with all the naysayers ESPN currently employs!
cristo.1::"Surely someone on ESPN will take notice and offer you a job. You'd fit right in with all the naysayers ESPN currently employs"  Love this! Won't happen though, i doubt ESPN follows a thread about the Spurs, we're lucky to make the scroll.
SIRFLYZINI::You can pick all you want.. The Spurs have never gave a shat about reg season games. Neither of those games will feature our full team, or represent the mins our starters will play come post season. Go buy another title Lake show. Meanwhile the Spurs will build through the draft as always instead of luring FA's with the "come play in La" garbage.
SteelersSpursDodgers::where were you when they won back-to-back-toback and 5 games in 6 days and 6 games in 8?
Spurs1234567891011::Who cares if you pick on the Spurs? We all think you're $@%!$@%! because we have the best record in the West and your precious Lakers (who you really just like because other people like them) do not. You probably can't even name 7 players on your own Lakers team.
slam_dunk_on_u::Didnt the spurts lost to the "Rockets" twice?
Raidersyeahthatsright::Who cares about having the respct of a mor on? Your the only person who cares about your opinion.
Bexindy55::Worry about your pathetic Lakers instead of trash talking all the time.  You lost to the Rockets at home.  Just abysmal...
SteelersSpursDodgers::well then, I'll speak for all of us in saying, 'it's a deal!!'
slam_dunk_on_u::I'm not playing your little games, this is about a deal I'm making with spurt fans
Spurs1234567891011::Congrats on not responding to a single thing I said.
slam_dunk_on_u::Like I said your boring team will gain my respect if they beat both teams
gmskking::So they win games in regular season.  They did the same last year and remember what happened?  Same will happen this year.  I hate the Spurs, I wish they whole team would just retire already.
Spurs4life93::just thought I'd point out that they played horrible in March &amp; Apirl, one point losing 5 straight. Then Manu broke his Elbow. If they stay healhty &amp; continue to win then they are legit
TechnicalFoul2::Remember what happened to the Lakers last year?.....:-( ha,ha
daboafadem::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pLxGm3El1cI&amp;feature=related  Lakers franchise in a nutshell these days...
Spurs1234567891011::You guys are so afraid, which is why you have to resort to coming onto a Spurs-Hornets board. You know nothing about basketball so gtfo.
slam_dunk_on_u::gmskking - So they win games in regular season.  They did the same last year and remember what happened?  Same will happen this year.  I hate the Spurs, I wish they whole team would just retire already.  --------------------------------------------------------------  Totally agree with you the spurts will show their true colors once again in the playoffs this year and they will have an excuse ready for their failure... I wouldn't be surprised if one of the "big 3" gets injured before the playoffs even start.  Good regular season team, bad playoff team that's what they have become the last few years since 2007 and this year will be no different!
daboafadem::I have to bow down to slam_throat_on_co_ck.  His Lakers really showed their mettle and class against Dallas last year.  They were the epitome of losing gracefully and the league standard for sportsmanship.
Spurs1234567891011::gmskking you are the type of person who makes me realize that there are many stupid people on Earth.
SteelersSpursDodgers::despite your disdain, they have – at least FOUR times – won some games in the post season...
leseminole::The spurs stats sheet line is incredible, wow!
bumeri::Still no media love for the Spurs eh ESPN??   More focused on Miami losing and being 2nd in the East.   Why not just write one little blurb on the Spurs and how they are looking on giving Duncan one more title. Duncan will end up having the better career then all the Miami Heat players.
daboafadem::You can't come to ESPN looking for Spurs news.  This is the network that has a whole site within the site called The Heat Index after all.
27chi::Same with bulls, first place but Miami is always the top story. Let the spurs and bulls be forgotten.
megadrrewton99::Duncan gets one more title and then he is out.  admiral style
jfcunexttuesday::Welcome back Mr Gordon, please dont leave us!!!
SteelersSpursDodgers::he played lights out...he always played great against the Spurs when he was a Clipper
TeXAsForLIfE123::THE SPURS WILL DOMINATE IN THE PLAYOFFS AND SOME OF YOU TALKING THAT LA S@I$, NEVER GIVE SPURS ANY TYPE OF CREDIT...BUT YOU WILL SEE THIS YEAR. THE SPURS ARE A CONTENDER AND ALWAYS WILL BE UNTIL POP LEAVES...HE MAKES PLAYERS BETTER, LOOK AT GEORGE HILL ON THE PACERS....THATS A DAMN GOOD COACH...HE MAKES ROOKIES STARS. COME ON HERE TALKING ABOUT LA LAKERS AND CLIPPERS AND BULLS. GET OUT OF HERE
darkyam::Your caps lock key is stuck.
joemcleod83::No mention that the Spurs had the most bench points in a game since 1978? That's a Huge stat. Very impressive!!
nba is the worst::2 SEED IN HAND.  Bulls won't sweep the heatles.  Spurs have a golden opportunity...  Good luck and GO SPURS!!!
Spurs1234567891011::nba is the worst is the definition of a bandwagon fan. At the beginning of this season he was $@%!$@%! that the Mavs are the best team in Texas.
darkyam::Spurs have to get by OKC first.  Heck, it's possible they could match up against Memphis again in the first or second round.  They have a more open window than any of us thought, but I'd hardly call this a golden opportunity.
SteelersSpursDodgers::imo, anytime a franchise has a team that leads the league in regular-season wins or is right up there, that team should be considered a contender...one might say that being a contender is having a golden opportunity
Darkest_Monkey::I like the Spurs chances against Memphis this year, they match up with them better than what they did last season. Last year, out of all the teams in the West, Memphis was the team I wanted to see least of all. Wasn't surprised they won the series last year at all, especially with Manu getting hurt the last game of the season. Won't be easy, but not dreading the matchup like I was then.
truetotheend::than what do you call it? OKC has not been a problem for the Spurs. Playoffs or not, they have had success against them.
cltr0430::Phil Jackson only wanted the most talented players in his team, like Brian or Jordan, or the luckiest, like Fisher. His coaching job was made easier by these guys. I have never seen him developing and growing players like Pops does. Jackson is overrated. I will like to see him coaching an average team.
jk48fan::Headline for tomorrow:  12 balding middle age guys beat Hornets by 25. You can switch Hornets for Bobcats on Tuesday.
SteelersSpursDodgers::lol...check out the roster; only Duncan and Ginobili are over 30
CandySparker::I like SuperSpur Tim Duncan.
slam_dunk_on_u::Most Boringest player in NBA history!!!
Shawn1807::Sounds like someone needs a shoulder to cry on cause his team SUCKS!!
Raidersyeahthatsright::Says the dumbest troll in Internet history.
The_Devlin::Enjoy watching his greatness while you still can.
lechocke::damn the west is stacked, going to be a memorable playoffs
Stryker Rip Strongheart::Even the East is better than usual this year.
wancheser::I am a spurs fan but this is what I saw last year so I am worried about the playoffs. We have better bench but we are a year older and need more minutes from starters in playoffs. I want Tim to get another title but I don't see it. Just being real but I do love my spurs!
mweeks619::AS a Bulls fan I have always disliked the Spurs.............. but now you have signed our Aussie Superstar PATTY MILLS.... the sky is the limit....... BEST TEAM IN THE WEST
jlane0049::this defense is a lot better also. they are primed and hungry!!!!
Nonchalant Ag::You're an absolute fool if you are honestly trying to compare this years team with last years. Please watch some more games before you post this crap sorry but only a moron would write something like this and call themselves a 'fan' of the team.
Vaquero In The House::Worried about the playoffs?  Apparently you don't follow the Spurs as closely as some of us do because if you did then you'd realize that this is not last seasons San Antonio Spurs.  The big 3 are relatively healthy, which was a big problem last season.  Duncan hasn't play like this in at least the last 3 seasons or so.  Parker is playing lights out.  Ginobili's shooting accuracy &amp; his ability to needle the ball makes him an extremely dangerous player.  Splitter has come into his own &amp; is not getting pushed around like he was last season, the kid is capable of holding his own &amp; is taking it to the rim, which will allow Timmy quality minutes on the bench.  Blair is a beast under the net, plus the addition of Steven, Boris &amp; Patty only makes the bench twice as capable of outscoring anyone, besides, no one in the NBA is playing more consistent than the Spurs.  I'd be very disappointed if the Spurs didn't represent the West.  A year older you say?  For your information the average age of the Thunder is 26.2.  The average age of the Spurs is 26.9.  The oldest player on the Thunder is Derek Fisher at 37, for the Spurs it's Tim Duncan at 35.  I'm being real too....Go Spurs Go!
mweeks619::He's an AUSSIE!!!!!!
Two Five Savage::patty mills is a beast.  who is this guy?
muckthetoos::This team is way better than last year, Kawai Leanard is a beast compared to RJ, Danny Green is Playing well, Tim and Manu are healthy and rested and Parker is playing the best ball of his career, No injuries and we have a great chance to beat anyone in any series especially if we hold on to Home Court Advantage!!
txbball15::SPURS &gt; your favorite team
Selling my CP3 jersey and buying my Sessions jersey::only greg pop turns scrubs into good/beast players lol
wancheser::Most of these guys were good in college or oversees so I wouldn't call them scrubs.
rodrigocz91::Not even a delusional fan, but I TRULY think the Lakers are gonna get to the WCF. I think come playoff time, Lakers are gonna switch it up. And in the WCF I believe they will face the Spurs. Honestly, believing, but for the most part "knowing" that the Lakers will make it that far, I am legitimately scared of playing the Spurs. LEGITIMATELY. Of course I would like the Lakers making it to the finals, and winning the entire thing. But if we don't, I'll gladly enjoy losing to a well respected and respectful Spurs team. It'll be great to see these two rivals go at it one more time like good ol times.
Clones210::Fakers no vale vega
wancheser::I hope my spurs make it. They do everything right but I think the time has come to look for a new star to take over for Timmy. Why wouldn't people line up to win with pops? Does big market mean that much?
Stryker Rip Strongheart::Parker is, in some sense, that new star. He has at least 4 or 5 years left in the league and is doing an amazing job leading the charge this year.  I mean, it's not that he wasn't a star before, but now he's growing into "the" guy, whereas before it was always Timmy's team.
Vaquero In The House::Do you believe Tiago Splitter was brought up from the Spanish ACB League to be groomed to replace Timmy once he calls it quits?
Frantismo::Yea, it would be pretty exciting seeing the Spurs and Lakers go at it again, I honestly think that their rivalry was underrated, every damn game was a nail bitter with them, they would knock themselves out of the playoffs often... Man I always hated the Lakers dude lol, but I respect Kobe's game like no other.. ( at least when he ain't shooting 40 times a game )
Hollerationatory::You seem like a decent guy. Question: why would you root for the Lakers? They're from Los Angeles. Have you met people from Los Angeles?
nba is the worst::This is ridiculous - I can't see the Lakers getting enough ref help to make the WCF
VolkieG::The Spurs have reached the playoffs 14 consecutive years, and 21 of the last 22. In fact they've been in the NBA for 34 years now, and have reached the playoffs in 30 of those 34 years. The Lakers (32 playoff appearances in the last 34 years) are the ONLY team who've reached the playoffs more often than San Antonio during that span. Even the Boston Celtics, with all their history and titles, have "only" been to the playoffs in 23 of the last 34 years. Throw in the fact that they're considered a small-market team and I'd say you have the best organization in basketball.
GeorgetownDCman::damn, Coach Pops is a mastermind at utilizing teams to their best talents. Everyone serves a purpose on the team. I would much rather have an average roster with Pops as a coach then a team with all-stars who have someone like Spolstra or Flip Saunders
420floyd::yeah since winning 11 titles means you are overrated
cltr0430::Phil Jackson only wanted the most talented players in his team, like Brian or Jordan, or the luckiest, like Fisher. His coaching job was made easier by these guys. I have never seen him developing and growing players like Pops does. Jackson is overrated.
Clones210::Build a team pop&gt;phlp jackson get lucky
muckthetoos::Give Popovich players like MJ, Pippen, Shaq, and Kobe over the Span of 15 years and I'm pretty sure he would have the same amount of Championships without all the Drama! Popovich would have never allowed Kobe and Shaq to act out the way they did and separate like that, Popovich runs the team like a family oriented environment and would have kept those two together!! I get what both of you guys are saying but I highly doubt that Phil Jackson would be able to win at the rate that pop does without absolute Mega Stars and a huge market to work with!!
wancheser::I hope pops writes a book and tells us how once he retires.
GeorgetownDCman::and this is coming from an unbiased Wizards fan (we suck I know).
GeorgetownDCman::good point 420,  that team was stacked with one of the best front courts of all time with Robinson and Duncan. Phil Jackson should get credit for creating an offense that can by pass weak players at the point. however that offense only works with superstars at the 2's which he had. Pops has never had anyone on his team that he could tell to go get him 30 a night on a consistent bases. The dude just preaches better team offense and defense than any other coach
VolkieG::Knicks squander their money though and their teams are usually horrible...lol.
420floyd::so true! hence the one title
VolkieG::Money talks, and the Knicks, Lakers, and Bulls have the lions share, in that order btw. Market is a legitimate factor because teams that have less of it can only afford so many stars. Pops has made the most of the talent he's had. Phil has as well, but like we're saying, he had more talent to work with in the first place. Both are GREAT coaches though.
TexAgChris2012::I think both coaches have done amazingly with each of their situations. Not Phil's fault his management knows how to draft. :)  But I also think Pop has way overachieved with what his situation is, so in his own right he is an amazing coach.  I think there is a bit more to it than just rings (players/markets etc.), but I also believe both men enjoy the extra arm workout they get when they raise their hand filled with gold.
rodrigocz91::i have huge respect and i truly admire coach pops. my god hes a hell of a coach and i would love it if he ever coached my team (lakers) but to say hes better than phil jackson is unfair to the zen. and thats an unbiased opinion.
420floyd::right on man
420floyd::sorry but i look at rings not effiency and i think the term small-market is just a built in excuse for why a team couldn't win
420floyd::yeah ok dude, pops had david robinson and tim duncan on the same team at one point so don't tell me had to do more than phil jackson, phil jackson is  the best coach of the last 20 years in the leauge
Frantismo::Wow, you can't EVEN compare David Robinson in his prime to David Robinson in his last years, it's not even right... Can you even name anybody else on that team that's worth mentioning? If you could, they were also on their last legs. The fact that Pop has completely changed the way Spurs do things is a work of art that nobody has been able to match, from a defense orientated team back then, to an offensive orientated team of now is just amazing... I think the thing that Phil has over any coach was his ability to work with the biggest of all all-stars, to have that control over his team, but as far as coaching in general goes, I think Pop takes him any day.
GeorgetownDCman::Any coach with half a brain could do work with a stacked 90's Bulls team that has Jordan running the show. As far as his stint with the Lakers he he had Shaq in his Prime with Kobe early on. His last titles with the Lakers he basically had Kobe run the team for him with the best front court in the league at the time. Pop's titles had more to do with him actually coaching than Phil's. Hell just look at the efficiency of this team night in and night out with the roster they have now and tell me Phil Jackson could do the same
420floyd::not sayin phil hasn't had some good fortune in his career but he still has won a boatload of titles and there have been a lot of coaches with star players who just haven't gotten it done. again tho pops is definitely a very good coach
VolkieG::Point taken, 420floyd, but how difficult is it to go from coaching the Bulls to the Lakers? Just a slightly easier task to win consistently there than with a small market team like the Spurs.
420floyd::not sayin he isn't a good coach but just telling you to pump the brakes a little bit
420floyd::buddy phil jackson has way more rings than ol' POPS hahaha
GeorgetownDCman::Parker and Duncan are amazing but really the Spurs have overachieved with their talents over the decade. anyone that ranks Phil Jackson over Pops as GOAT is an idiot IMO
trademarkIT::genuis...no one will ever figure out how he does it
420floyd::san antonio may win but nobody's gives two s.h.i.t.s. about em
420floyd::to be honest i don't care just doing some late night chirpin
TexAgChris2012::Silly statement bud.
420floyd::hey man just stating the obvious
TimmyDfor5::what does size of city or amount of big name players matter? to claim "nobody gives two s.h.i.t.s about them" is childish and ignorant. jumping team to team because they signed the big star or are having a good year is something little boys do, takes a true fan to stick with a team through the bad years. i guess spurs dont really have that bad of years though ;)
lambzinne::Well said TimmyDfor5 and HOPEFULLY for 6 !!
420floyd::how so?
TimmyDfor5::this is sad
imsoobjective::that's a really negative attitude man
420floyd::not mad just i prefer teams from big cities with stars over boring small town teams
spindip32::Seriously, have you seen them play lately? They have the second or third highest point-total average in the league! I admit, I am from SA and I am a huge Spurs fan. I also admit that they weren't the most exciting team to watch during their title years with their defense-first, slow ball mentality. However, they have always had a pure motion offense designed for player and ball movement. Now, with the focus off of Duncan, who has always tended to hold on to the ball a bit to long in order to make his move, the offense is a pure work of art. It is REAL basketball. There is near 0$ isolation crap that you see in the big markets (NYC, LA, Miami) because is not about 1-on-1, it's about 5-on-5. If you are a true fan of basketball, take a look at what the Spurs are doing now. It's methodical, it's like watching a well-oiled machine, but it certainly is not boring. Don't let the media fool you into watching the superstars. Watch the TEAMS.
wesley35050::Tool
evqns::Isn't San Antonio the seventh biggest city inthe USA? That makes it a pretty much big city to me (like much bigger than Miami, but  I'm no American so I don't know how you people consider it). But you can't deny that medias are downranking it to smaller city considering to the coverage of the spurs ;)
Leonitus_86::dude seriously s,t,f,u, be fore i dyck slap the shyytt out of you.
genesis1twelve::not mad just i prefer teams from big cities with stars over boring small town teams  Bandwagon Much?
imsoobjective::good point...i have to go to bed to see my fam on easter so happy easter everyone!
420floyd::hmmmmm Lakers&gt;Spurs in terms of titles and who people actually watch
imsoobjective::don't let them tell you what to like man
long_dikked::enjoy your big time hollywood stars ill take NBA titles over that
long_dikked::lol mad
odiesihs::Man, the Spurs board is so much more mature; nearly all the replies for the top comments are positive-oriented, satire, or fair criticism-discussion, with what appears to be everyone in general agreement, and also with teams respecting and giving props to other teams.
Stryker Rip Strongheart::It's because the Spurs have a pretty diehard, loyal fanbase. They don't attract a lot of bandwagoners. Even Chicago fans are not nearly as mature, I hate to say.  I used to fly out to see some of the Texas games back when I lived down South, and there was a pretty marked difference between the fans in Houston and Dallas and the fans in San Antonio. The latter were much more respectful and mature and frankly, many of the fans were older than the average fanbase for a team, which probably contributed to that. In Dallas, I remember someone threw a cup at me for wearing a Bulls jersey (we had lost 107 to 80-something). It wasn't much fun.
polocash::Spurs have real fans... Heat and Lakers are full of bandwagoners... they just pick a team based on name.. don't really know game.
paul31003::odiesihs - Man, the Spurs board is so much more mature; nearly all the replies for the top comments are positive-oriented, satire, or fair criticism-discussion, with what appears to be everyone in general agreement, and also with teams respecting and giving props to other teams.  That's funny,  I was just thinking the exact same thing. I was just on the Laker/Rockets board where it was filled with childish name-calling, profanity, unfair criticism, etc. Then I came over here where it was just the opposite.
long_dikked::dam rite bro
Leonitus_86::Like hear if you think "stopkobe2012" is an idiot! :D
long_dikked::flag him
lamriverside13::Bynum got ejected again!! this kid needs to drop his balls and GROW UP!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tsq2_Nqg0I8
Leonitus_86::wow, didn't even look like he did sheet.
lighthouseboy::Best team on I-35
WeAreTheMIB::WE STAAAAAAAAAACKED!!!!!  GO SPURS GO!!!!!
Steveforprez04::Well this puts a ding in the Hornets playoff hopes.
Leonitus_86::ummm, are you a dumb $@% or what? theyr 26 gm behind? off course their out of the play offs dip sheat!!!!!
SaintsNO9::try agn clown ,its called sarcasm. please do us all a favor and remove yourself from the gene pool.
Hollerationatory::BUD DUM TSCH!
lamriverside13::damnnn andrew bynum rejected again!!!!! this dude needs to GROW UP!!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tsq2_Nqg0I8
my dog is really cute::Black people are a very bad race.. i will describe why... black peeplele increase the crime rate in every place.. black people live in low scale neba hoodssss... black people smell bad... black people are hard on the eyes.... black people are only successful in sports... black people are dumb.... black people are rude... they look like a gorilla... black people werent used as slaves for no reason.. black people were used as slaves cuz thats what they r good for.... there are many great names for black people like cotton pick, spear chucker, spick, ni gger, gorilla, porch monkey, ETC ETC, they are not called these names for no reason, its because they are fuc ing gross and they are ni ggers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i feel we need to bring slavery back!! PLZZZ thats what they are good for!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! fuc k $@%!$@%!! i hate that the president is a ni gggg!!! f UCK NI GGERS
trademarkIT::does anyone know if the spurs have any upcoming games on national tv?
Raidersyeahthatsright::ALL the games are on the NBALP!
Raidersyeahthatsright::see : Playoffs!
LEWISHULL::Not even on Fox SW?
sthomas419::They're blacked out. I'm in Austin and we get Spurs on FoxSW. If both play Dallas blacked out. If only one plays, we get that game. Go Spurs.
Hollerationatory::I can't get any games in DFW.
NEPatsfan2011::Website.
trademarkIT::is that a website or a tv channel?
SpursFan_293::Watch on firstrowsports.
LEWISHULL::The games are always on fox sports.Home or away,always on.
SpursFan_293::Sat    Apr14 vs Suns  ESPN Tue   Apr17 @ L.A. Lakers TNT Fri     Apr20 vs L.A. Lakers  ESPN Wed Apr25 @ Phoenix ESPN Thu  Apr26 @ Golden State TNT
trademarkIT::thanks
Mr.BrianPeppers::Holy sh . t Spurs finally pull in 1st and returds are already talking ish
Mr.BrianPeppers::Everyone is talking $@%! bout the Spurs more than usual
Hollerationatory::The Spurs are talking $@%! or everyone is talking $@%! to the Spurs?
Mr.BrianPeppers::wtf are you talking about?
boomer6227::It's okay you can come back as stopkobe2012.  you're not fooling anyone
EazyZee::Just ignore the guy. He's on a spurs board for a reason.. pay no attention to him.
StopKobe2012::TIM DUNCAN ISN'T A TOP 50 player right now!
Shawn1807::Best PF in history..................Look it up fool
genesis1twelve::Name me 3 PF that you would rather have on your team
SaintsNO9::oh, and dirk nowitski
SaintsNO9::K Love, Griffin, Bosh, Stodemire, Pau Gasol in no particular order.
boomer6227::like your own comment much?
StopKobe2012::LOL THE SPURS ARE A JOKE OF A TEAM
Vaquero In The House::Stop Kobe, the Rockets did......lol
Hollerationatory::Oh how pathetic you look right now. Someone need a shoulder to cry on?
boomer6227::You are right, he does look pathetic.
boomer6227::A troll that like his own comment, what a loser
