kartkid024::]
Chi Town Stand Up::check out my breakdown of the Bulls side of the game at http://doubletakesports.tumblr.com/
ulthumbei::Have you hear the phrase about drinking the Kool-aid?  I used to think it came from the Jim Jones incident but now I think maybe it was originated to describe deluded Knicks fans.
Devo Suave::Noah is having an allstar year.
01Bulls4life::No doubt...at one point I was wishing for Dwight but after what Noah has shown us this season there's no question... Noah!! all the way.
FoxKat93::colosokid dont be stupid enough not to realize amare and shump arnt in either. u guys are too stupid ====== We're stupid??? Okay...The Knicks were missing 3 players last night, well, the Bulls were missing four. Rose, you know a former MVP winner, hasn't played this season because of injury. Rip who has stepped up considerably was injured this game and Kirk left with injury (he plays good defense), then Taj was ejected (good defensive player as well). The Knicks are a good defensive team, but the Bulls are better. Raise your chin up and take the loss like a man rather than make excuses.
Ontario925::Well the other NYC team the Nets have cooled off back to their normal selves after November.
Jackiemoonsexy::Give me the hot sauce!! I thought it was gone but its BACK!! Give me the HOT SAUCE!!!
FoxKat93::I love Stacey--he just gets so excited. It's apparent that he loves basketball and loves the Bulls.
Jaguarcrazyboy::Great win by the Bulls. Chicago's D was soffocating NY's offense. Noah was tired but still got a good game in. Butler is a beast.
Ontario925::The Knicks are good. It's still early in the season. The NBA has been getting better the last couple of years. It certainly is getting more interesting than the way NFL is being run by Goodall as commissioner now.
Ontario925::Of course.
Kat Nation::dude, its getting annoying now
SportsFanatic8564::The Heat still suck.
cmurphy2994::I don't understand. Hater's mindsets are: if the Knicks don't win every single game, they suck. Because they didn't do anything last year or the year before or 10 years before, they suck. It seems like people take a whole lot of time to hate on the knicks
Ontario925::It is still early in the season now.
Ontario925::The Knicks don't suck. They are a good talent team the last couple of years.
Ontario925::You could take Rose along with half of the Bulls top roster and Lebron along with half the Cavaliers top roster out but the Knicks will continue to still find ways to lose in both Cleveland and Chicago every year what seems like forever since the last season they are actually won a season series in both Cleveland and Chicago against the Cavaliers and Bulls. You could even blind fold the entire Cavs and Bulls teams and the Knicks will still find mental lapse ways to lose in both Cleveland and Chicago.
rocco2217::Knicks without Melo, and Bulls without Rose... Fair game the Bulls are just way more deep
Ontario925::It showed when they already lost most of their only games this season against the Southwest Division teams. What is the excuse problem with their continuing failure in Cleveland without Lebron James against the last place Cavaliers teams and the Bulls in Chicago every year even now without Derrick Rose?
Ontario925::Nah the Bulls have the Knicks number at home in Chicago winning their last 19 out of 20 games against them just like the Cavaliers still have the Knicks number at home in Cleveland even after 2 years without Lebron James. The Knicks always go on a mental lapse everytime they play in Cleveland and Chicago. They just continue to have trouble every year against certain Central Division teams like those two teams. con't
666 is the mark of the beast::i like how everyone says the knicks rely on 3 point shooting too much... even though the spurs have done this the past 3 years and every year all these ESPN morons and posters think the spurs are amazing... the knicks have melo to go to in the post... the spurs have a dinosaur named duncan... but if the spurs jack up 3s all day, the drooling idiots are like "OMG popps is a genius!"
lo0o0ong::That dinosaur is the greatest PF of all time, who is Carmelo?!
palsy360::That dinosaur is still effective
nba is the worst::Spurs avg 22.2 threes/gm, Knicks 29.4
666 is the mark of the beast::LOL thanks... i dont expect u to understand much of anything
hammer1095::LoL Poor Felton, still an idiot..."Ain't nothing they did that was so special, they just took away the 3s," Felton said. "I got inside the paint like I wanted to, but at the same time, they took away the 3s and didn't let us get good shots."
666 is the mark of the beast::hey man... raymond feltons a better point guard than jeremy lin! (being completely sarcastic, theyre both really bad)
mikeritchie2007@yahoo.com::New York was throwin up bricks. Kidd and Wallace looked old and tired
Excelscior1::The Fall Cometh!!  ---The Knicks
Ontario925::This is why the last time the Knicks have made it past the 1st round of the Postseason was in the 2000 Playoffs. They don't know how to win in places like Cleveland and Chicago every year even with both teams top stars in the lineup. This has been a continuing problem every year under the James Dolan ownership era with the Knicks.
15greg55555::The Knicks rely on the 3 way to much to make a serious run.
George7844::Dey ain't nothin' wrong with shootin' 3-pointers, dawg........you jus gotta MAKES em !!!  Yowza, yowza, yowza !!!!
15greg55555::They also had Howard the knicks have chadler not a fair comparison.
nba is the worst::The knicks play way better defense and have less TOs than that Magic team, and Chandler can actually shoot fts, so I agree, no comparison - but in the Knicks' favor!
Quail_Man01::true, might be different when amare gets back though
nba is the worst::Did the '09 Eastern conference champs rely on the 3 way too much?
mark35345::These are just scrimmages. Yesterday the NY Times hyped the Knicks: "Are they this good?" The Bulls showed the Knicks could easily lose 7 or 8 in a row just as they've gone 14-4. All the opposing teams need to do is get into the passing lane.
Ontario925::Obviously the Knicks are always having something wrong with their team every year they play games in Cleveland and Chicago even when the Cavaliers and Bulls do not have their top players in their lineup.
KillaKane24::I'm not sure how one loss to the Bulls shows how the Knicks could lose 7-8 in a row.
nba is the worst::You can't be serious.
patmandewb::4th game in 5 nights, won 3 of 4 and the toughest one last night. The boys are battling, hustling and getting pretty balanced scoring. TIbs is doing a pretty masterful job and proving that he is one of the best coaches in the NBA! Keep it up....D Rose will be back in a month or so!
09yanks11::have a lot of respect for him....also why im big on woody....so glad no D is gone
Quail_Man01::Knicks fans: That game didnt count because we didnt have Melo Bulls fans: Ever heard of Derrick Rose?
Ontario925::The Cavaliers have played without Lebron James for 2 years. They also have had last place teams. What is the excuse for the Knicks continued failure with games they play in Cleveland the last 2 years? The Nets with much less talent cost players have not had trouble beating the Cavaliers in Cleveland.
09yanks11::who said it did not count?
Quail_Man01::some Knick trolls last night
Quail_Man01::wow, 9-30 for Felton. New York has their very own Kobe now
nba is the worst::Yet he actually shot worse vs the Nets (3-19)
ron4317::They'll have two when Melo gets back.
Quail_Man01::Knicks Trolls: Stick that in your pipe and smoke it.
nba is the worst::<b> 1st place in the conference = "happy"</b>
Quail_Man01::1st place doesnt mean S*it
BAYERNN MONIIII::IM A LAKER FAN and the knicks will always choke in the playoffs so im not worried about them
nba is the worst::We will see - this year the Knicks will make the Finals
ron4317::"Too bad the Knicks couldn't capitalize on Felton's great shooting night."  - Kobrick
09yanks11::lakers are pretty much assured to do nothing with no D in antoni in the fold
biplan3::How many times do we need to get 'Melo-less Knicks' thrown at us every time the Knicks lose?   Surely, other teams have injuries...like the Bulls, maybe?!
colosokid::dont be stupid enough not to realize amare and shump arnt in either. u guys are too stupid
Dj3garrett::Amare and Shump haven't been in all year though... The Knicks actually play better without Amare because it opens the floor up for Melo...
09yanks11::ehh just let it go....bulls played well last night...did a great job closing out on the shooters.....moving on
Mets-Jets-Knicks19::Knicks were exposed a bit last night. The Bulls cut off the 3 ball.
nba is the worst::Ball movement overall was reduced from normal.  30% more turnovers than avg. Good gameplan by Thibs.
coolio198::no raymond felton didnt have a career night he played like the raymond felton we all know
Walter Foosball::If you take more shots than you score points  you're gonna have a bad time
Treydey10::Thibs is a great defensive coach and the Knicks are an average team, when they're not knocking down a lot of 3's every game.
nba is the worst::Is leading the conference "average" too?
StevenDanger194::haha knicks suck.
Walter Foosball::Clearly, I mean we lost without 2 max contract players on our roster playing, WHAT A TERRIBLE TEAM!
nba is the worst::Nothing says "suck" quite as well as leading the conference...  (This cat abuser's team is 3.5 behind)
tigel18::That's probably the best W of the season so far, even with the Knicks being Meloless.
TymanIL::It was great to see the Knicks pound the Heat Wednesday and Bulls beat NY last night, but its still very early.  Miami is still the team to beat (unfortunately)
nba is the worst::They're a lot more beatable so far - the ref help has diminished substantially!
PSHS_football::Noah is looking like a borderline all-star this season.   This team still has a chance for a title THIS YEAR when Rose gets back.    I said a chance, call down.
ScalabrineSwag::Bulls all day!!!
nba is the worst::Pretty obvious that Thibs is a better defensive coach than Spo...  Bulls are starting to play better - still can't believe all the players they lost.  Knicks just need to keep playing one game at a time, long season!
nhraven52::They didnt have Melo, big deal.
palsy360::Chicago didn't have rose Hamilton or Gibson so what u sayin?
jared575757::But after the heat game some fans were saying how good they were without melo
sweener15::can you imagine jordan, magic, bird...lets get current. kobe ever sit out for a cut on his non shooting hand? mind blowing where the nba and its superstars are right now.
cusejuice23::He had stitches and it was a pointless regular season game
BostonSports1281::Pointless? Is that how you knicks fans think? Is next game and the next after that  pointless too?
tpm985::Time for Knicks fans to start pretending like they're Brooklyn Nets fans now
tpm985::You're a Jets fan. Don't speak unless spoken to.
Mets-Jets-Knicks19::um...no
EVERY_POSTER_IS_RIGHT::Bulls whip the Knicks without Melo...Knicks STOMP Heat without Melo...HEAT ARE OLD
iammyfatherson::heat are old??? wtf they just su.ck on defence 1st  game they made 19 3s 2nd game they made 18 3s now meeting a gret bulls team felton go 9-30 after having a career night take away their 3pt threat and new york is back to being an average team
Mr. Nut Job::It'll take more than one big win to win it all.  Consistency is a word that the Knicks are not familiar with.  Here today gone tomorrow.  Look at the Spurs the Knicks would lose easily against the better team.
tpm985::I don't think it's a big win really. The Bulls should beat the Knicks. I don't know why it's believed that the Knicks are this great team now when they are 0 for the 70's. When it's been 30+ years since you won a title, I think you have to prove yourself a bit more before people start taking your team seriously. #KnicksLost
Mister Goat::Seen that big bald spot on the back of the head.I had to do a double take,I didn't know Rasheed was back in the league.
tpm985::yea he had to leave after the highway robbery that was the 2010 nba finals
Chicagocold312::The Bulls slows the game down and make it ugly and gritty, teams have to be prepared for that.
AGermanTaco::Felton took 30 shots?! The new Melo?
Chicagocold312::It's all about defense, defense, defense, the Bulls play that. Thib's team may have offensive liabilities but he offers no excuses for his team's lack of defense, and if you don't play it you're going to sit your butt down. Now down there in MIA you have alot of NY transplants, the Knicks felt real at home during that game. There isn't anyone from NY who would dare transplant to Chicago, you might as well stay in NY doing that.
tpm985::I swear they use artificial crowd noise in that arena in Miam too. Their fans never look like they're even moving and there's all this cheering going on. I think they just pump it in through the speakers like the Colts do in their dome.
tpm985::Idk about Miami having a lot of NY transplants. Miami just has a weak fanbase full of fairweathers. Google "fan up Miami" and when you see how the Heat organization had to put out a how-to-guide for being a fan of the Heat, that's when you know your fanbase is full of bandwagon faitweathers.
Chicagocold312::Yes that is so true, i forgot about that embarrassing situation a couple of years ago.
Ontario925::Forgot to mention in last comment sentence form there is a lot of regular season to go. I apologize if that looked like I included the postseason with that too.
tpm985::no one is taking your comments that seriously, don't worry
Ontario925::Early in the season. A lot of season to go.
tpm985::They will be a 1 and done in the playoffs. Even with Rose, the bulls aren't getting past the celtics or miami and without Rose they're a 1st round out. They'll keep their fans interested and play hard for Thibideau during the regular season, but whewn it comes down to it, they're just a mediocre team who plays tough defense.
Kat Nation::wow the celtics really? their like 10-10 and you expect them to beat the bulls
ahwickman::That's why I am surprised everyone is writing the Bulls off as not being able to contend in the East. Totally retooled their bench and no Rose and they are still playing decent ball. They will only get better
YaImFromCleveland::Felton 30 shots? what the hell was he thinking...
EVERY_POSTER_IS_RIGHT::What was he thinking???? How about "I am the new shooter without Melo"
Ontario925::2012 is a very weird year in all sports. Every sport with a New York team no matter how good the New York team is seems to play their worst games of the season against teams from Chicago. Yet the same teams from Chicago play crappy against teams that New York bomb.
tpm985::NY is not  a legitimate sports city. They double down on every single sport and still struggle to even make the playoffs in any of those sports. When you have 8 pro sports teams and you can barely make the playoffs and that's your major accomplishment as a knicks fan, it's saying something.
Ontario925::How do you explain them failing to execute games right in Chicago for years even when the Bulls had much poorer teams?
steven6623::how have the bulls had poorer teams?the knicks have sucked up until woodson took over last season
Ontario925::Would this be one of the worst Knicks offensive games since the start of the season? They won too easy and softened up against the Heat?
steven6623::best defense the knicks have faced by far but without anthony i wouldnt expect them to do much anyway especially when j.r smith goes 1-9 from three
cha cha chia-::Bulls 11-8 without Rose  Lakers 9-11 with Kobe Dwight and Gasol
Ontario925::That is D'Antoni for you.
steven6623::bulls are alot deeper and better coached
a series of cunning stunts::gasol has sat a couple
a series of cunning stunts::all downhill from here for the kwickerknockers
tpm985::knicks have been taking L's for over 30 years now and this is the first i've seen of him so maybe it is just you that sees him.
Ontario925::How come I only see this troll after every game the Knicks lose against any team?
steven6623::until melo comes back healthy
steven6623::iman shumpert tore his acl in the playoffs and he's running and jumping and should be back sometime next month is rose that far along?
Rose MVP CHI::he will be back within 2 and ahalf month by the end of February
chicago d rose::maybe another 3 or 4 months
chicago d rose::its cause hes the face of this franchise so their being extra cautious, even the owner said that
steven6623::damn he must have really tore his bad
Jamaal 43::yeah, the Knicks would have won if Melo was out there; hope he'll be back for the next game.
tpm985::The Knicks could win 60+ games and there still wouldn't be a single team out there taking them seriously.  Seeing as how the Knicks are 0-for-richard nixon, I think Knicks fans should go sit in the  corner until someone asks to speak with them.
coolazice2003::yea, its just automatic they would have won, idiot
Ontario925::I don't know if the Knicks would have won. Perhaps the score might have been closer but the Bulls still would have won if the Knicks shooting,rebounds,turnovers were as bad as last night.
steven6623::melo gets doubled and get guys open looks the shooting would jave been way better
steven6623::bulls are without rose
chicago d rose::~tRUE
