bamberg1977::B. Knight had one of his better games. but anyone who watched this game knows the MVP was A. Drummond. Entire game changed when he came in, not when B. Knight did.
YaImFromCleveland::Tank you Detroit
afroballer16::lol @ brandon weeden. smart pick brownies
afroballer16::ever heard of the browns??
afroballer16::honestly worst sports city of all time. im sad for detroit sports sometimes.. but then i think about cleveland and im glad we aint that bad
bamberg1977::Detroit is one of the best sports cities of all time in every way except the Lions. But   even the Lions will sell out every game even 0-16 because Detroit loves its sports so much
da great wall of J webb::Cleveland rocks...
da great wall of J webb::Fools.
afroballer16::you're quite welcome. I love whoopin clevelands $@%
Steel_Smack::Would be nice if the refs in this league would call fouls on the teams playing against the Cavs.  :/
I Got Banned For Saying The Grizzlies Were Gonna Win It All::Sooooooo, what's the name of this Cleveland curse?
Job779::Kyrie and Dion need to get back soon so Pargo can give a boost to the bench.
TheTristanShow::I agree, can't wait to see if he can play like this off the bench
MikeD3321::Brandon Knight......congrats on a career game.  Avg 15/game this year.  Still light years behind KI
joetooeasy::Great game between two really talented ballclubs
detroit dave93::'GET FLIP SANDERS BACK'
yata-9arasu::Why does no one want to play against me on MLB 2012: The Show?  :/
BigMacOle::I believe the coach to be the problem in Detroit.  Detroit has some quality players and who the heck is Lawrence Frank anyway???  I've never heard of the guy.  Until they go out and get a coach worth his salt The pistons will remain mediocre at best.  Chuck Daly and Larry Brown were both well proven basketball minds.  Pistons fans got spoiled in the coaching dept. for about 25 years.  Now look where we are a coach that doesn't seem to know his _ _ _ from a hole in the ground.  2 VERY talented big men that are not being utilized the way they should.  Just my take .
detroit dave93::I don't understand why they let Flip Sanders go!
detroit dave93::The Pistons are 7-6, since their 0-9 start, that's some what encouraging.
newjerseynick99::why is monroe playing so badly? not many mins from coach either...whats going on?
detroit dave93::I know, I noticed that my self.
Philip3664::Article on the homepage talks about it. Greg thinks its because of the change in the offense.
yata-9arasu::Knight is too short to be a SG.
yata-9arasu::Who would be the PG?
jroby39::kyle lowry if pistons throw enough money at him
detroit dave93::He looked very tall tonight.
detroit dave93::Pistons score 104pts, 2 nights in a row, that's got to be a first this year. To bad they only won one of them.
detroit dave93::Mr. Knight had quite a night: 30pts, 7reb, 5 ast, 1stl, &amp; 1blk
yata-9arasu::He played like Kyrie.  Lol.
Philip3664::Wish we could see numbers like this every night from him
Philip3664::Well you know not 30 every night but something like 18 7 3 on average
yata-9arasu::Conference???  He would be the best PG in the league for sure.
jroby39::conference*
jroby39::if we did we would have the best pg in the league
detroit dave93::Good game Cavs fans. I think both of these team are a lot a like, they both have a good foundation, and both are just a draft pick or two away from being laughing stocks of the NBA to serious contenders. I think this time next year  their records could be reversed from what they are right now.
detroit dave93::You got that right.
yata-9arasu::You guys need Drummond to be the stud he can be.  Monroe and Drummond would be the best PF/C combo in the league.
Drew0288::Tell that to Larry Frank
Drew0288::Detroit seems to have a knack for hanging around the .333 mark these last three seasons. One win for every three games. Yipee....
Drew0288::The more I see of Knight at PG, the less I like him there.
yata-9arasu::PG is by far the most important position.
Drew0288::I'm guessing you're talking about Knight at PG, Drummond or Monroe at C, and...
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::PG, PF, and C
bamberg1977::They finished last season 21-21 after a 4-20 start. They're building, nice pieces at 3 hardest positions to find talent. I like their future.
bamberg1977::Dwayne Wades Wheelchair is Better than Dwayne Wade-   How many playoff games has Wade missed? And how is that guy bad? He is a stud and good at everything. cant imagine if Pistons had drafted him the Dynasty that would have ensued.
Philip3664::Still irritated with Dumars for not gettin him or Carmelo
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::Ok, so now we take Carmelo, we never get Rasheed, we never develop the chemistry that won the 2004 title...but hey, at least we got a ball hog in melo right?
bamberg1977::They would have taken Carmelo, Wade was more of a question mark at the time. Ahh... I dont know. I never liked Carmelo, I'm not so sure what would have happened with him. Wade is so adaptable, he could literally play 3 positions and is so efficient and a good guy.
yata-9arasu::Congrats to Knight and his great game.
ThirdComing...::Is Asdrubal getting traded?
yata-9arasu::Probably.  We have Lindor coming up soon and we need pitching.  Bauer would be great.  Or Olt/Skaggs.  Bauer looks like a young Lincecum.
TigerMichLion111::Please to the tigers!!!! You can have porcello and peralta back haha!
Drew0288::So Detroit's 7-7 last 14 games
iVoted4Kodos.::Pistons have as many wins now as Bobcats, Suns &amp; Magic.
TigerMichLion111::And 0-8 first 8 ):
Dwyane Wades Wheelchair Is Better Than Dwyane Wade::4-17? Come the $@%! on....
TigerMichLion111::That's like what the pistons were last year!!  Only three more losses to 4-20!
andrewplayer21::Gibson cost us this game what else is new.
yata-9arasu::Good game Pistons!  Really, really want Kyrie and Dion back..........  GO CAVS!
Drew0288::Looks like Bynum and Jerebko have dropped out of the rotation.
Drew0288::He was only playing when we were 0-8
TigerMichLion111::Good, where's English????
Dwyane Wades Wheelchair Is Better Than Dwyane Wade::When the freak are Kyrie and Waiters coming back?
mikenbig::Trade Monroe for a high lottery pick and take McLemore from Kansas. Assuming the regular Pistons pick is around 8th, take Poythress if he is still available.
TigerMichLion111::Mclemore?? Who's he?
jroby39::no this is a team that won't be competitive for 2 years. in 2 years pau gasol will not be contributing
BBraskey::If youre going to trade Monroe, you might as well dangle him, charlie V, and Jerebko for Pau Gasol.
Detroit Everything::I'll let you take this one Bamberg
TigerMichLion111::Poythress?? No...he's a 2 guard and we do t need that
TigerMichLion111::Or wait is he a forward?
celtsoxpats::Which side wins? Monroe, Iguodala, Anthony Davis or Tyson Chandler, Rudy Gay, Nikola Pekovic? League is H2H Points...
celtsoxpats::No hes still out... He should be back next week or the week after.
Detroit Everything::Anthony Davis is healthy?
Detroit Everything::his stat line is empty for today, he didn't play
TigerMichLion111::Ya hes been playing for awhile...
Drew0288::Monroe was on his way to the All Star game earlier, but these last few games he's really dropped off.
orange_63::good game, good effort cavs! keep your chin up!
ThirdComing...::What up TML?
TigerMichLion111::Hey 3rd, not much just watching this great piston team...lol, u see dodgers signed  greinke?
TigerMichLion111::200 millions easily haha, but tigers have to sign him!  And what will cabbys be?  300 mil?? Lol
ThirdComing...::Ya, 145 millon...Makes you wonder what JV will get if he was on the market..Lol
0ffense::prince.
Sam58548::Can you name 3 worse coaches in the NBA than Byron Scott?
rag63top::Little late Sam. You been cheating on the cavs and trolling elsewhere?
rag63top::by having your opponent put up more points than you....
Sam58548::How do you lose to a team that is 1-10 on the road?
michrules97::Lawrence Frank is one...certainly there is 2 more.
BOBCATS DYNASTY::D'Antoni, Spoelstra, Avery Johnson
Detroit Everything::John Kuester, Michael Curry, Larry Frank
Sam58548::I'd take any one of them over Byron Scott.
michrules97::The Pistons should hire Michael Curry as the next coach...I bet he would be a winner!
bamberg1977::Wow, Curry was a disaster. Poor guy. Not right plan to bring in a scrub player who played with the guys he's now coaching and Sheed is on the team. Lockerroom disaster
Detroit Everything::no no no, John Kuester. He did great things when LeBron was in cleveland
TigerMichLion111::BK7!!  First 30 point game!!  Dumars hes a scorer and a SG!! Please get a new PG!(preferably trey Burke) and then go out and sign forwards who are free agents!!(josh smith haha)
bamberg1977::You goig to play Knight at SG, you're an idiot. You can be a scorer and a PG. He's not like Westbrook, he actually already starting to show some intelligence in decision making at times of when to be a scorer. Love to see little Knight trying to stop a SG's shot. No way. They'll body him up on slow dribbles all game long as well
TigerMichLion111::Yes
mikenbig::No way on Josh Smith.
TigerMichLion111::Paul millsap a possibility for PF
Detroit Everything::josh smith to play SF?
mikenbig::Pistons don't have a best player.
bamberg1977::Yeah, but they got 3 core guys 20-22 who have bright futures. I think they have 3 future all-stars. I really like Knight because he's lightning fast and can shoot. And he's smart and hard working, so I think he'll get there.
TigerMichLion111::Don't have a STAR player, but ya ur right
marat 2.0::Cavs are just not good without Kyrie.
rag63top::One of the most obvious statements I have ever heard
bamberg1977::What was his injury again? BTW, they're not technically good either way, but I know what you mean. We're not either.
BOBCATS DYNASTY::He broke a finger.
TheJTram::Most teams aren't as good without their best player
TigerMichLion111::Push off?!?!?
HunterF4444::My god the Cavs just suck
rag63top::Thats how you respond to a close game?
Detroit Everything::thanks goodness for rodney there.
bamberg1977::Who would have thought that after his first month of season. He had to be one of worst players in NBA for first 15 games.
michrules97::No matter who wins this game tonight, everyone is a loser!
team kyle1::Pistons wouldn't be in this game if we had 40 points in Kylie and Dion playing.
team kyle1::Great 3rd grader response.
Detroit Everything::both girls names so it's ok
team kyle1::Kyrie sorry stupid auto correct.
TigerMichLion111::TheJTram Too many guards in our roster. We need wingmen 2 fans like this. 4 Minutes Ago  Like  Reply  Quote  Flag  Ya but they suck!! Besides Brandon, and keep stuckey for bench, get rid of bynum
TheJTram::Guess you're right &lt;.&lt;
Mad31nD3troit::get rid of stuckey keep bynum
Philip3664::Why the hell would you wanna keep Bynum??
TheJTram::Eh keep Stuckey. At least he can finish in traffic
Detroit Everything::wtf
TigerMichLion111::No
Philip3664::I thought Frank was gonna grow a little bit of a brain and keep Drummond in the whole quarter. Guess not.
michrules97::Only the Pistons would allow this to happen...
bamberg1977::Yeah, we're not exactly world beaters yet. We did finish last season 21-21, which does make it a little odd we're this bad though
TheJTram::You know...since Drummond got benched...Cavs has started to catch up
michrules97::I don't see the connection.
Detroit Everything::yep
Philip3664::another off. rebound...surprise surprise
celtsoxpats::Greg Monroe is killing my fantasy team this week...
celtsoxpats::Hmmmm... Decision Decisions
mikenbig::Monroe's are gonna drop.  Don't pretend otherwise.
jroby39::when he and drummond play together they are both gonna be better than they are alone.
celtsoxpats::Yeah... Trade him while I still can... Maybe just a few bad games... Maybe not...
bamberg1977::Yeah, slumping big time and I think regressed overall this year. But I think he's just pressing trying to get that max extension this summer. Thinking he arrived already. At some point this season he'll re-evaluate and get it back together and start shooting over 50% again... and playing some D and rebounding
jroby39::not sure how you can say he regressed overall this year when the season is only a quarter old
mikenbig::Drop him.  It's only gonna get worse as Drummond gets more minutes and Knight, Singler, and CV shoot more.
Detroit Everything::r u joking?
Detroit Everything::lol for me today, Dorrel Wright 4 points, Harrison Barnes, 3 points
michrules97::The Pistons need to trade for Billups, Hamilton, and Sheed...that is how you win!
celtsoxpats::Dennis "The Worm" Rodman
Mad31nD3troit::chris webby
celtsoxpats::Bring the "Bad Boys" back...
TheJTram::Ah I see what you did there
Detroit Everything::I'd take Grant Hill too
JamesZhou13::big ben goes out of retirement!
iVoted4Kodos.::Big makes by Monroe. Way to go.
TigerMichLion111::Draft trey Burke, move BK7 to SG, there u go problem solved!!
JamesZhou13::it would be awesome to get burke or hardaway
TheJTram::Too many guards in our roster. We need wingmen
