Luke::KO, the knockout punch took two leads (3 points and 5 points respectfully) and in less than two minutes on the floor, turned these into 5 point deficits. Job done he gets pulled. Can someone explain why he isn't in downtown Portland Maine with the Red Claws and Brooks is eating up there by himself. He is a single handed San Francisco earthquake. He is the cow that kicked the lamp that burned Chicago. He is the ice cube that sank the Titanic. Look, I know these guys aren't going anywhere, but I am tired of hearing how good he is, or how Stevens is developing this talent. He wouldn't be playing in the NBA if it wasn't a planned disaster with Ainge at the driver's seat. His minutes are a direct reflection of Stevens Basketball IQ. He's getting smarter!
RoslindaleGuy::Wow, some ugly shooting stats. If you take Bass and Bradley out of the equation you have 16 for 64 FG% (25%) and 3 for 23 3pt% (13%). Great to have 3 players with 10+ rebounds though. 12 for Humphries in less than 24 min is impressive and offensive boards for Sully is amazing. The boards and forced turnovers must be what kept them in the game.
Jon::Sullinger was 3-17  When was the last time you saw a center with a shooting day like that?
BigBear::Olynyk had a breakout game three games ago and hasn't played 10 minutes in each of the last two games and Danny is not to be seen. Connect the dots. With less than a minute to play and the game on the line they took out their best rebounder and defensive big man. Connect the dots.
benchwarmer::Jeff Green, exchanged for Perk and a probable 18th title, being benched regularly. He is playing half of a game. I don't get it.
PKM::Anthony Davis needs to beast on the Celtics.
Udaman8295::prayers out to anderson and his family. Hope everything is ok and you return to the court soon, much love from Boston, get well soon :)
The::Brandon Bass career game (May 2012 vs 76rs)   27pts, 6reb, 1ast  -- 37mins Kelly Olynyck(Rookie)  career game (December 2013 vs ALT)  21pts, 4reb, 5ast  -- 24mins
Michael::Wallace grabbed a rebound!   wallace grabbed a rebound!
brian::The Steamer returns to the Gahden as a Pelican. Having a chance to play some minutes. 8 points so far. Gotta root for former GreenTeamers.
