69durango::Griz fans are a classy bunch.  GO NUGGETS.  Hope we meet Griz in WCF.  That would $@%! off the NBA.
colosportsman::GK did  a heck of a job of coaching last night:  "With his team trailing by eight points following a dismal third quarter, Nuggets coach George Karl addressed his players with the calm demeanor of a five-star general who has been through his share of battles.  “This game’s going to be good for us,” he said in the team huddle. “We’ve got to learn how to win these kinds of games. We need to be physical, aggressive and smart. Stay in the fight!”  The Nuggets took the message to heart and beat the Memphis Grizzlies at their own game.  Denver forced five turnovers and held Memphis to 1-for-10 shooting during a 17-4 run to open the fourth quarter, and then held on for an 87-80 victory over the Grizzlies in front of a sellout crowd at Pepsi Center.  “The mental aspect of winning this game is a big step,” Karl said. “Our mental composure and direction and toughness was grown-up. It was a man’s game. It was a game that you won because of heart and toughness and guts and glory and dig-it-out.”
StoneColdEagle::I went to this game last night and that 3rd qtr was just awful! Thankfully we got back to our game and took control in the 4th qtr. Nuggets have a real shot to do something special this year. Lets just not blow it like the broncos did… GO NUGGETS!!!!!!
colosportsman::It was a tough, physical war. Thats the kind of game the Nuggets are not supposed to win..Suprise..Nuggets are not a 1 dimesional team.
Cletus Sherwood::There is no way either of these teams will get to the finals. 2 small market teams with no superstar. The corrupt Nba will not allow this. These 2 teams are fun to watch, especially the Nuggets. I watched them play OKC last week and the refs did everything they could do to get them the win, fortunately Denver kept hitting shots and Chandler was a beast.
Dtravieso::Most likely correct.  On any given night a team has to be 15 points better than OKC or the Lakers to win by 1.  Question: do NBA players or coaches have any say in end-of -the-year review of officials.  Seems every coach should be able to have a one or two ref exception:  don't want to see this refs raggedy a$$ at any of my games.  (Danny Crawford anyone?)
Go Google it::I am not a nuggets fan but on their win streak they have beaten tougher teams than Miami
colosportsman::I agree at least 7 of those wins where impressive Lakers, Thunder, Clippers, Memphis, Knicks, @TrailBlazers, Atlanta
disney will now ruin star wars::I love nugs.
Rocketswin2013::I think the Nuggets will make a run at the title.
Rocketswin2013::On paper the Niggets really looks ike a deep team that can get hot and make a run at a title. Just like the mavs did in 2011.
jpsoxfan15::I hope memphis beats okc for denver and then Nugs Griz in WCF.
dwade grater den jordan 6.0::nugs vs maimi in title   just my 2 sense tho
ethandudejr88::I wrote a Blog ealier today about this, you should comment on my Blog ethandudejr88, hope to see u there.
domenico.ja::As a Nuggets Fan I would love to finnish Third to play Golden State, have the Grizz finish fourth with Home court vs the Clippers as the fith seed.  I do not think the Clippers match up well with the Grizz.  Also we would not see Memphis until the Conference finals if both teams win in the second round.    The NBA's WORST nightmare come true.  Two small market teams other Than OKC in the Western Conference Finals.  It think, an I hope they both can make it to the conference finals.
domenico.ja::The Nuggets beat the best defensive team in a half court game.  WOW.  If you would have told me the final score of the game would be 80 to 86 I would have said the Memphis won that game.  The rest of the league should take note.  If the Nuggets learn how to play half court playoff basketball, the Nuggets are real contenders!!
leon sandcastles69::80-87..
domenico.ja::Thanks for the correction.
Alex47666::some days i wish i had NBA tv   get tired of espn
domenico.ja::ESPN Is a joke when it comes to small markets.
leon sandcastles69::plus u can watch games on it.
leon sandcastles69::nba.com is good, they actually focus on other teams besides the lakers, heat and knicks.
leon sandcastles69::who's your daddy memphis
charlie hustle bets the over::We'll see ya soon, miami.
charlie hustle bets the over::I'M hoping other coaches see that the nuggets won and therefore don't try to mimic the grizz' defense. That defense is exactly how you beat the nuggets and this game could have easily gone to memphis had it not been for denver matching the defensive energy of the grizz.  Denver's half court offense surprised the hell outta me.  Miller really was the glue tonight.  Good game Memphis, this gives denver even more reason to grab that 3 seed; don't wanna see Memphis in the first round.
I prefer boxers over briefs::I disagree.  If the Nuggets had decided to actually the 3rd quarter this game would not have been close.  Nugs have beaten the Grizz 3 times this year.
faargsob::Haha, very eloquent.
johnholmes6969::Now That ladies agentleman that was what I call basketball gg griz but much much respect for denver very classy game
Alex47666::look a grizz fan said they would have won this at home  what kind of excuse is that   and to say u guys ran out of gas  is just another excuse   ive never heard any nugget fan after a loss say if we were at home we would have won and honestly u guys, the nuggets are just more athletic and to say the grizz ran out of gas shows denver didnt
leon sandcastles69::not too mention denver beat them at home already.
leon sandcastles69::Alex47666 - we beat them at their home already  haha ya, that's what i meant
Alex47666::we beat them at their home already
emthomasjr::Clearly I would much rather see the Grizzlies vs. the Warriors in the first round than the Nuggets.  That would be a much more favorable matchup, even though I think we still have a decent shot vs. the Nuggets in a 7 game series.
diehardnr1::1-3 so far....with one of the 3 Ls in MEM...GL with that whole decent shot thing...
Hensonlol::Reading your posts in this conversation, I'd say you're the homer here. I'm using facts to back up my claims, at least. The Grizz have lost less games and won less games than the Nuggets. They've played 3 less as well, so you can't really say that the overall record supports anything. The Nuggets are also peaking at the right time. You could argue that Memphis is too, but the Nuggets just beat them. It's as unbiased as you can get to say the Nuggets would be the favorite in a playoff series against the Grizz. Certainly, any top 5 team in the West could beat another top 5 West team. But if you had to choose between these two, using evidence, you'd have to give it to the Nuggets.
faargsob::The overall record supports that the Grizz can beat the Nuggets in a series. If you do not believe that either team has a good shot at winning that series, you are simply a homer who cannot make an unbiased decision. I'd say that any of the top 5 in the West can beat any team in the West in a best of 7 series.
Hensonlol::@faargsob What other evidence do you have that the Grizz can beat the Nuggets in a series? No one is saying the Kicks will beat the Heat, but that's because there is such an obvious difference in the skill level of both teams. If there is a gap between Memphis and Denver, it tilts toward Denver, and the season series proves that.
faargsob::Yeah man and right now the Knicks have the season series over the Heat, they must be the hands down favorite over the Heat.
Martell Faye::Denver never fools around at home.  Go Nuggets
emthomasjr::Good game.  The defense was good enough, but you can't beat too many teams scoring only 80 points.  We  missed to many layups and had very untimely turnovers.  I really didn't expect us to win this one, but I was hoping for a little better effort in the areas that counted (like hitting layups and unforced turnovers).  Oh well, on to the next one!
Erock5891::Not many teams are going to hold Denver to 80. Maybe Memphis and Memphis this year? But seriously the Grizzlies play defense like no other.
gotigersmemphis87::Memphis and Memphis...
doof54::Hope these two teams meet in the playoffs, but not until the conference finals.  And the fans of no superstar, no hero-ball, real team basketball send the tv ratings through the roof.  Change the world... and Go Griz! (oh, and good game nuggets)
emthomasjr::Yeah, I was more disappointed by the types of mistakes that we made than the outcome.  Denver is not 26-3 at home for nothing.  I still think we have a decent shot against them.  Koufous is not going to ball like Jordan every night, but then again, Faried isn't necessarily going to be in foul trouble either.  This would be an entertaining series in the playoffs, but I'd rather have easy, so I'm hoping for the Warriors in the first round rather than the Nuggets!!!
I prefer boxers over briefs::Denver is 30 - at home.
doof54::Tough schedule played a role, one mile up added to that, but the Grizzlies lost a very winnable game. Got to learn from those mistakes.  But, don't hibernate on the Nuggets. Good team, and good game.
faargsob::No one will care about the season series come the playoffs, only relevant for seeding man
diehardnr1::ok...we will give you road excuse tonight IF Nuggets can use B2B game in MEM as an excuse....throw those two out and DEN STILL wins season series 2-0
diehardnr1::GG Grizz...But I do enjoy when an opponents fans think that their team can out-muscle these Nuggets at will.  Nuggets now own tie breaker vs both competitors for the 3 seed...and only .5 back of both. Sweet...  This was another tough, gritty team win vs a team that is the exact opposite of their own identity. Even when forced to play MEM game and suffering through one of the worst quarters of the season, these Nuggets sucked it up and put on a defensive toughness display of their own.  Kudos to KoKo for being a beast all night long!  All-in-all, I say get the 3 spot and avoid this type of physical series until as late as possible. No time to rest on laurels...not with a road winning streak to protect and a chance to win a season series vs another top team.   GO NUGGETS!!!
posternutbags::but then they re-seed .  If Clips win division but have a W/L the same or less than the NUGGs, b/c of the head to head adv, Nuggets get the 3
mussolini686::Clipps hold the tie break... winners of their division.
faargsob::The first tiebreaker in a 2 team tiebreaker is division winner, so therefore they would hold the tiebreaker against both the Grizz or the Nuggets regardless of season series.
Danilo Gallinari.::If you win your division you're guaranteed a top four spot not top three.
deathtofudge::Mad props to all the Nuggets fans on here. Y'all have a h*ll of a team and nice to know we're not the only ones getting ignored by the national "media". We need to start a support group and include Indy fans
leon sandcastles69::won't happen and stern and CO won't let it happen.
mfaccord::Lebron taking a dump received more coverage than this game.
Steelers7160::Still no love from the media. Espn would rather tell us how wade slipped...aka flopped...and how Kobe only played 12 minutes. This was by far the best game to watch last night and yet we hear nothing because these are 2 "small market" teams...smh!!!
MythDaEmcee::Couldn't agree more. Even the Spurs get no real love. The NBA needs to learn from the NFL.
doof54::Just so you guys know. I was right here 5 minutes after the final buzzer sounded. Great game.  Grizz got out of what they were doing so well. 4th quarter, Bayless jacks a couple up, fouls a 3 pt shooter. Marc extends and fouls a ballhandler out at halfcourt??  Koufos cam up big, Manmal wreaking havoc, Big Game Danillo came through... see ya in the playoffs.
faargsob::Well, it's a good thing we had a 3 loss cushion.
chocolate-bay4-3::figure it out western conference the NUGGS are for real
chocolate-bay4-3::get some boyzzz
free derrick favors::The Nuggets are a very versatile team. They can play any style of ball really, and match well against numerous teams.
deathtofudge::who simply ran out of gas; I like our odds against the Nugs in 7 games but gotta have home court. THat thin air ain't no joke
Hensonlol::They've beaten the Grizz on the road as well. Tired of hearing that the only way the Nuggs will get anywhere is with home court without any proof. They're 1-1 against the Grizz in Memphis, 2-0 at home. That'll win a series.
chocolate-bay4-3::MASTER OF TAKING DOWN THE GRIZZLIES
BobMIII::Jack of all, Master of nothing.
chocolate-bay4-3::master of kicking a$$
Jumeax::Master of Transition /Fast break  Phoenix in their run and gun days had the 6 seoncd offence  Denver at times  has a 3 second offence
BobMIII::Even though Miami is @ 21, I'm more impressed with the Nuggets 11.
IU_Hooisersmomlovesbbc::That's because you're an idiot!
Jumeax::Wow Grizzlies restricted Nuggest to 87 at home  that has to be their season low score at home
Erock5891::Means Memphis plays really good defense is what it means. Maybe best in the leauge? Besides we scored more than Memphis, which is more important LOL.
Swalterj::10 point third but Nuggets overcome!
chocolate-bay4-3::NOPE. WE WON
chocolate-bay4-3::who cares nuggets won
Silverio60::Wow That means your team did a bad job huh!!!!!!!!!!!1
Jumeax::Previous lows at home  two 99's (one memphis) one 98 (cleveland?) and one 97(boston)
LeftBaseline::This was a game of wills tonight. Both team were battling to enforce there game on each other. In the 2nd half the Grizz played there game in the 3rd and the 4th was all Nuggets. The difference is Nuggets got scorers. Gallo the "Big Game Hunter" came up big late. It seemed as if the Grizz were getting tired in the 4th. Seen a Jimmy Johnson special and he was speaking to the Canes football team. He said Fatigue makes cowards. Looks like that is the game plan of the Nuggets at home.
chocolate-bay4-3::NUGGS WIN
tennisfanatic0123::wow Nuggets are going on a nice little run  Nuggets vs Heat in Final???
faargsob::Haha of course they can win on the road to make it to the Finals.
diehardnr1::other than going to MEM on a B2B the Nuggets would have swept the Grizz
chocolate-bay4-3::DONE
chocolate-bay4-3::YUP
emt209317::NIce Game.... this team (NUGGETS) proves that they are the DARK HORSE CONTENDER in the WEST.. Watch out OKC, Spurs and Clips..
chocolate-bay4-3::YUP YOU ALL CANT HANG WITH THE NUGGS
jayeteee::This had to be one of the biggest NBA games of the year and it gets no air time. I understand March Madness and all, but come on, this is the level above college basketball.
MythDaEmcee::ESPN's basketball coverage has been a joke the past few years. It's really nothing but the Heat and Lakers. You had a battle between the two hottest teams in the league not named the Heat...and by coming to ESPN you'd struggle to even know either team is in the league.   This was one of the best games in the season. A game that each team put up a good fight, a game with playoff implications.   In short, if ESPN is covering the sport of basketball and not the glamour and glitz of basketball, this game should have received a lot more ink. But ESPN is quickly turning into a medium that isn't for basketball fans, just bandwagon trolls.
deathtofudge::ESPN = TMZ (with sweaty dudes instead of Snooki) Fox needs to team up with somebody (SI, Yahoo, etc) and put together a viable competitor to espn. They could use the swimsuit girls instead of friggin Doris Burke as sideline reporters and maybe get Erin, Jenn, and Charissa to jump ship, too.
chocolate-bay4-3::DONE
BobMIII::Got to win a playoff series first and then come TV time.
meganjane1003::Genghis, I hear ya.  It just gets so old being disrespected.  We have been crushed by the Lakers in the post-season so much, and it feels like time to get a little huh-huh.  As I said, we'll get it on TNT with Sir Charles.
Genghis Kittah::Why is everyone so worried about being on espn? Let them talk about the lakers losing while we win 11 in a row
meganjane1003::I wasn't there tonight, but I was there for OKC, the Clips, and the Knicks.  And they were all playoff basketball situations.  Not reported so by ESPN.  NBA.com does a little better.
RockyMountainWay1::I got to see it in person so its all good! screw the Sports media
meganjane1003::Welcome to ESPN.  If the story isn't about the Lakers or the Heat, get used to taking a back seat.  We'll "discover" you in the playoffs.  TNT, on the other hand, is more balanced.
diehardnr1::Nuggets fans should be used to this....I mean, they are even second fiddle in Denver.  I am sure Elvis debacle got more ink in the Denver Post...
bulldogsgrizz93::Hard fought game. Close game like when we play the Clips but I can actually respect the Nugs. Manimal is the real deal. I would love to have that guy. Good luck to Denver. Hope we don't have to play you guys in the 4-5 series
DAnnyPrImetIme15::Good luck to you guys as well. Us small market teams need to stick together.
RockyMountainWay1::I'd root for the Griz in the playoffs....it wasn't for the Nuggets being in their same conference.
tigersfangoldandblue::Good game Denver. ESPN may not notice yall, but Memphis does. I would have liked to of seen Memphis pull this one out, but if we can beat Utah tomorrow and close out this road trip 3-1, that would be strong.
BenPen85::This is impressive.
You_Gotta_Be_Hitting_Me::front story on espn is kobe starts game. give the nugs some respect man
chocolate-bay4-3::DONE
Genghis Kittah::So is there anything holding the broncos back from just resigning Elvis?
JustineS04::Well, our cap is screwed. We incurred an almost $5 million penalty for letting him turn into an UFA.
chocolate-bay4-3::NOPE
jayeteee::Not really, from what I understand, even if they don't sign him they'll owe him $4.7 million, or that money goes against the salary cap anyway. Or something like that.
domenico.ja::That is incorrect.  The $4.7 million has already been paid to Elvis in his signing bonus.  The $4.7 million is dead money.  The money that accelearates towards this year cap that was pro rated over the life of the contract.  The Broncos do not owe Dummervillie any more money.  It really screws over the Broncos cap situation, no matter what they decide to do with Elvis.
jayeteee::I think they were going to offer him $8 million and he agreed, but it didn't get signed in time.
tjreaso::If they're paying him $4.7 mil anyway, he could be a nice guy and resign for $4.7 mil less than was offered in the restructuring.
jfrink33::ESPN:  Andre Iguodala with the steal and the slam to seal it. lawson with 15 points, kosta kou..... hold on, lebron james just tweeted "Good to be in miami." Kobe retweeted with his thoughts, "nice". the lakers playing some of the best basketball in the nba, winners of 1 straight. By the way, the Knicks are better without Carmelo, and Miami has won 21 in a row.  Denver is 25-3 at home. So is Miami. Goodnight everyone.
chocolate-bay4-3::YUP
meganjane1003::I get really mad about the coverage, and then I relax and think it's just fine to be a team under the radar.  Either way, ESPN is owned by the big franchises.  Wouldn't want to try to pretend to be a "journalist" for them.  What a joke.
Viktor Karelin::I think you mean 30-3.
Genghis Kittah::That's his point that ESPN wouldn't know anything about small market teams if they liked them in the head
theadonis69::This was a good win for Denver because all of their critics say if the game slows down especially in the playoffs they cannot win. Well, this game was a prime example and Denver found a way to win. Denver has only 3 tough games left (SAN twice and OKC). The rest of their games they should win. I like their chances for a 3 seed considering the more difficult schedules of both LAC and MEM. Go Nuggs
domenico.ja::The Nuggets did not get jobbed by the refs because they were playing against another small market team.  If it was the Heat, Lakers, Knicks, OKC (because of super stars on the team), or Clippers, the Nuggets would not have got the same calls Memphis did.  A 6 point win would have been a six point loss to a big market team.
meganjane1003::I agree.  It just worries me that Memphis made them play a slow game, on their on floor.
diehardnr1::actually it was the refs allowing the grizz to play physical that "forced" the Nuggs into the slow tempo..
Hlee196::Just keep winning under the radar... I for once couldn't care about what the national media say or do. If we keep on winning the world will notice. 11 straight going for number 12 against the lowly Bulls next. I love this game, maybe until we lose the next one.  Go Nugs!!!
evandziobak15::Mad respect to the Grizzlies they are legit... Glad we got the win... It wasn't pretty but we found a way to come through... Lets keep this rolling!
gary wheatley::wow  what an eventfull sports day it has been here in Denver between the Broncos and Nuggets lol
Alpine2285::I'm beat,....... night
theadonis69::Nuggets 8-4 against OKC, SAN, MEM LAC this season not to mention 3-1 against the Lakers (not impressive considering it's the Lakers) but for any dumb F###ck to say they can't compete and win a series against those four teams in the playoffs has no clue about basketball
petersoncooper::Who do the Grizz have on the wings?  Tony Allen and some hot garbage?
gotigersmemphis87::Well I thought all the Nuggs fans had finally all started to respect the Grizz but I guess not
