Jacob Dockter::Anther quality game for Gianis. He is only 19 years old and is playing very very well. Bucks have some bright stars on their team. Too bad they are surrounding by suckiness.  Henson, Sanders, and Gianis. Gotta love that.
David Steinle::Quality game and Gianis do not belong in the same paragraph. The SUCKS wasted a pick with that stiff, whose ineptitude is only surpassed by that of Yi Jianlian.
Derrick Berry::I was coming to the board to say the same, go get Asik, but i would like to get Harrison Barnes. I think Barnes will become unstoppable in the future. He is nice already with the shot and attacking the basket.
Dustin Wagner::How would you get Barnes?  Nowhere near the talent to accomplish that.  Actually the Bucks should offer up their 2015 top 5 protected along with Udoh and Neal for Barnes, as the Warriors are really in need of a C and scoring guard off the bench.
James Mollo::are you out of your mind dirk is the reason they won a title they need more players on their team that can play
Kyle Miller::5-19 baby!
Richard Franco::1st (1) Facebook Elimination Tournament - Sponsored by Perez Franco Funeral Services www.perezfrancofuneralservices.com https://www.facebook.com/rbfakastorm/posts/10201244053448316   December 14, 2013 - 7:30pm Milwaukee Bucks vs. Dallas Mavericks http://espn.go.com/nba/preview?gameId=400489221 #25. Joseph Carrasquillo - Milwaukee Bucks #40. Angela Briggs - Dallas Mavericks
Tim Holt::This season is not a lost cause for the Bucks as it seems. Henson, Sanders, and Giannis are good players to build a team around and getting a top pick in one of the best draft classes in a while will certainly help. The Bucks NEED to get rid of Knight, though. I'm a UK fan and respect everything he did there, but the kid just doesn't have it. The Bucks will hopefully be in the thick of things again in a couple of years. Fear the Deer
Tommy Lebowitz::Missed this game because I was at a Christmas party last night.  I'm just glad we finally won again after not showing up against Sacramento and blowing a huge lead against Golden State.  Not thrilled about what happened in the fourth quarter though.
Chris Bates::The backups played the entire 4th quarter when the game was out of hand.  The Mavs still won comfortably and were up by 30 midway through the 3rd quarter.
Jimmy Kanios::Bucks line up should be as follows. Ersan, Henson, Knight, Mayo, Middleton. With either Neal or The Greek Freak as 6th man. 2nd unit with Wolters, ZAZA, Neal,Butler, Ridnour. Minor tweaks here or there, I'm sure I missed a player or two. this is obviously my opinion, thanks for taking the time to read!
Mark N. Mueller::i would say: 1 - b knight 2 - mayo 3 - middleton (6th man giannis) 4 - henson 5 - sanders  obviously this only counts when sanders is back. that way we get the young guns (except wolters, who will get 3rd guard minutes) all starting and getting valuable experience. we'd probably lose a lot of games at first, thus helping our tanking, and it would really help the chemistry of the bucks (which has been pretty bad so far) for the upcoming years. henson and sanders already appear to be friends, but it would be nice to get the rest of the young players to be friends too.
Carlo Castejon::we need descent center. trade dalembert, carter, marion. get asik or drummond or monroe. stenvenson,get playing time to ellington pls... ledo and mikael in d league...wrihgt can come back but not a starting center. blair can contribute of the bench. to much playing time on carter at marion. we replace marion for crowder and ellinton to carter. Cuban pls address the defensive issue. Dalembert is making money not a real defensive player. 105 points a game. That too much...
Max Klein::We have a snowballs chance in hell of getting Drummond. Monroe I suppose is possible but he isn't the type of game changing defender that Drummond is. I would like to see the Mavs snag Al Farouq Aminu to fill our small forward position. Marion is shot, he looks intimidated out there and I can't even count the number of times he should have gone up and tried to stuff the ball/draw a foul this year but settled for an ugly floater instead. As far as center goes I'm pretty sure that we are not going to be able to get a game changer, unless the Bulls decide to go into tank mode and want to unload Noah, he would be a dream fit next to Dirk.
David Greyson::Max Klein I'd freakin love to have Noah.  I've been dreaming about him for years next to Dirk.  I like that crazy dude.
Brandon Shouting Moon Logan::i think either of the morris brothers from the suns would be a hell of a pairing with dirk and ellis.
Josh Jordan::I love the fact we swept OJ Mayo. Especially with him shooting 1-6 for 4 pts. Definitely don't miss him as a Maverick
Matthew Brehm::Antetokounmpo will be a good player. He's only 19 and still needs to grow into his body, but I wouldn't be surprised if he eventually becomes an 18 & 10 kind of player.
Ryan McGonigle::The Bucks may suck, but they have a serious star in the making with John Henson... They need to build around him..
David Steinle::Thank you Bucks for another LOSS. Keep on losing boys...Wiggins is on his way!
Chris Bates::Wiggins is overrated, Jabari Parker, Julius Randle, and Marcus Smart are all better. It'll be a mistake for the Bucks to draft Wiggins.
Chad Clark::Tim Autrey obviously trolling.
Ronnie Duke::won by 13? they were up 35 halfway through the third.
Christian Joseph Miranda::What you've expect? DAL keeps starters playing at 4th?
Ronan DC::A win is a win.. duhhh.
Chris Bates::The Mavs put their backups in after that.  A win is still a win though, scores don't matter.
Mark Lecuona::Brandon Wright! Dirk, thy name is Wally Pip!
Aaron Lampkin::Mekal sucks
Tim Autrey::At least he's not a nazi (cough dirk cough) Mekel is Israe's beloved
Tim Autrey::We can win without Dirk. I think we should trade him or release the scrub. Dirk hasn't done anything for the Mavs franchise. He should owe his pathetic life to Chandler for winning him the 2011 finals! F U DIRK!
Aeron Uchiha::Mavs wouldn't be able to scale up the ladder to championship were it not for Dirk, and it is a fact. Some people live in denial, just couldn't accept the fact that Dallas already has a ring. lol
Tim Autrey::Juan Dela Cruz .... that was Chandler and Barea who got that ring. Dirk just rode their tails to get it.
Brandon Shouting Moon Logan::you do realize that dirk led his team to the 2006 finals but had to play a young d-wade and Shaq??
