Jhi huamdo::This great. New York Knicks vs Miami Heat in HD  live at @ http://x.co/3b1Yz
Haider Ameer::Thanks for the link
Billy Yudis::Thanks for the link
Amazigh Boughareb::Thanks for the link
ScottandKari Baderman::This is a HUGE game for the Knicks so I fully expect Melo to step it up BIG time and score around 70 points. My prediction: Heat 115, Knicks 75.
Jody George Prats::lol
Ellis Marcelle::LOL
Marcus Grein::you missed a 1 in front of the 75
Andy P Kordyban::LMAO look at Felton dancing. Haven't seen him move that quick since they announced last call at Burger King.
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Ha!
Lucas Jones::Thank you! I call him the hamburglar lol
Amir Shirazi::Lmao
Camilio Lee::The Knicks make it 4-1 !! On the heat !! Melo go for 40 plus !! And shumpert scores 20!!
Kervin Vancol::Lol.
Demetrius Falconstakeflight Roberts::Hahahaha, no seriously...Miami continues their dominance of the 40 yr virgins from their last title
Demetrius Falconstakeflight Roberts::Carmelo scores 40 and Shumpert 20, but no other player picks up the slack....Bron 25, Wade 23, Bosh 19 bench 30....Heat 97 Knicks 89
Matt Washburn::Lebron makes everyone better while  melo makes everyone worse.
Drew Murphy::You're so ignorant
Robert Romero::yeah because LeBron throwing them passes that makes his teammates fall out of bounds is really making them better.
Evan Michaelis::melo doesn't know how to pass the ball at times
Jody George Prats::If Melo score 30 and the Knicks lose Melo counts that as a win in his book.
Alan Ogg::"but but but MSG sells out more than the Miami Arena does.... and Melo has better shoes!!"  -Knicks fan that can't accept NY will never win a Title..
Alex CoolSnapple Fedorov::FINNA JOAN 1994
Daniel Panda Jurado::WE'RE SO GOOD WE HAVE HATERS NOW HAHAHAHA
Alan Ogg::Daniel Panda Jurado last time i checked you weren't on any NBA team.. though you probably can play better than 10 of the knicks players
Matt Washburn::typical Carmelo night: 15 shots, 11 pts. What a joke.
Steven Rivera::and taking Lebron head on something PG24 could never do in his life
Matt Washburn::Steven Rivera haha you always make me laugh. 41 years and counting. The Knicks are awful.
Steven Rivera::Matt Washburn Pacers havent won anything and will never win anything so idk why you even on here?
Daniel Carfora::Am I the only one who thinks Mike Woodson deserves coach of the year for finally benching JR Smith. It's no surprise that the team seems to be playing much harder with Hardaway and Shump occupying those minutes instead.
Kervin Vancol::Lol good one.
Jody George Prats::Good move. JR Smith is an idiot.
Gino Foggia::You can never compare Lebron to KObe, Kobe dominates at the Garden everytime Lebron just chokes.. but that's nothing new!
Donaven Murray::That ship has sailed. It is common knowledge now that LeBron is better than Kobe and will finish far ahead on the all time list.
Robert Hawley::lol you can't compare them because of their performances at one location? ok...
Gino Foggia::Donaven Murray lol how high are you? KObe is #2 GOAT, Lebron isn't even top 25 yet!
Raymond Bermea::Knicks 1, Cheat 0. Carmelo finishes with 29 points, 8 rebounds and 5 assists. Felton and Stoudemire each had a double-double. 13 points, 14 assists for Raymond Felton, 14 points and 11 boards for Amar'e Stoudemire. Knicks outscored the Cheat 59-44 in the second half.
Veronica Garcia::You're one of the most ignorant, and envious retards from Facebook I've seen on here, since ESPN decided to let people who say they Work at Currently Unemployed from FB on here! I'll repost to you what I said earlier so you can realize that a win for the Knicks in January means NOTHING to the Heat. --ORIGINAL POST-- The Knicks have the Heats #? That's so laughable that I almost choked on my breakfast! First off, Bosh was a near no-show in this game, Wade kept hovering around the perimeter with no movement nearly all of his minutes that he was on the floor, and lastly, this is only their 2nd game of the season, and we ALL know the Heat weren't even playing at 50% of their level or with any type of urgency (except for perhaps, Lebron, who really was just playing for the MSG crowd). Either way, if you think Carmelo is enough to carry this team in a series against the Heat or Indiana come playoff time, you are in for a reality check. The Heat are just pacing themselves, let's not start saying that every team they lose to has the Heat's Number.
John Hutchens::Dont get too jazzed about season wins... gotta earn playoffs, then we will see
Karl Krause::How is he ignorant, or retarted. Everything Raymond posted was a fact; Including that the Knicks are 1-0 against the Heat this year. that's all the post was - facts. not saying how the Knicks were going to win the NBA title, or anything like that. Again, just facts, which were apparently lost on you since you followed up with a response attacking him. I'd call you the ignorant retard.
MotenBoi Cuts::Melo 6-16 shooting, lol. King James 5-7 still same points as melo
Matt Washburn::HAHA so true
Bryce Morgan::but supposedly he is getting beat..according to Melo fans. I still dont understand how he has fans..
Steven Rivera::Lebron FG % is that of a center he doesnt shoot from outside so in that case I could say Tyson is better with 60% from the field
Vladimir Tsalyuk::yea melo always goes off on lebron's defense, knicks should win
George Miche'l Reynolds::Actually Melo performs below par when guarded by Lebron
Marcus Grein::George Miche'l Reynolds ya if you dont count when lebron gets crossed and decides to switch as lebron guarding him.
George Miche'l Reynolds::Marcus Grein No, I am talking about straight up.
Jody George Prats::Heat by 20
Andy Mcfadden::Lmao how do you feel about that  ?
Patrick Yusef Richard Muhammad::NOT!
Andrew John Feeback::I don't usually go on Miami's game conversations, but after seeing some Miami "fans" troll the crap out of the Pacers' game last night and say "it will only be a matter of time before the Heat pass the Pacers in the standings" (which they've been saying for the past two months), I thought I'd stop by and ask them how that's coming along? The Pacers' biggest lead all season has been 3 games. Right now it's 2. Yeah, Miami's really chasing them down. lol
Gino Foggia::lol Maimi fans troll everywhere but it's mostly the young Lechoke fans...
Martin N Lisa::Heat fan here - IMO I can careless on what the Pacers do as far as the seeding goes. YES it would be nice to have the #1 overall seed in the NBA. But I'm not going to go and cry a river if we don't. What I do hope for is that we enter the playoffs with a healthy squad, along side with a nearly 50% G. Oden. Don't be so quick to characterize.
Matthew Todd Ballinger::Martin N Lisa you should be concerned with the seeding. Heat needed to win two game 7's last year to win their title and luckily both of them were in Miami. If you want to play a game 7 in indy for the eastern conference, good luck to ya.
Patrick Donohue::Heat seem like a different team without Joey Crawford
Bruno Caamano::Joey Crawford was the reason they almost lost the finals last year, your trolling is amusing
Ben Rinaldi::Joey Crawford is just going to do whatever he can to draw attention to himself, regardless of what teams are playing.
Patrick Donohue::Bruno Caamano almost as amusing as your hairline
Josh Marinelli::Lebron: 5-7 for 13pts Melo: 6-16 for 13pts huh..............
Snowday::Final score KNicks 102 Mia 92. Only stat that counts
Benjamin Fauntroy::as a heat fan i kinda miss the days when the knicks weren't a mess.. Now? these games mean nothing.
Jeff Crowe::I completely understand you on this.  As a Heat fan, I would make sure I was free to watch this match-up because it used to be so intense.  Now the only way the Heat will lose is if they get lazy and I'm not sure right about now that would be enough.......
Snowday::Lebron and Dwayne wade and good games and you clowns still lost
Jeff Crowe::Snowday They got sloppy and they paid the price today
Chris Helrigel::Funny how 4 years ago nobody was on here claiming to be a Miami fan now everyone is using "us"...... definition of bandwagon! Lame! Knicks all day,  it's a new year and a new Knicks team. We can still win are division!
Amor DaDon::Man I can't speak for others but I'm a Heat fan all day.  Been a heat fan since Tim Hardaway days. No matter how many Knicks fan u got y'all won't win a Championship
Daniel Carfora::That is literally like 15 Melo isolations in a row. Do the Knicks really not have any offensive plays. I don't even know why Shumpert wastes his time cutting, not like Bargnani or Melo will see him and make the pass.
Gennie Dovic::Nope. I always remember one of the few smart remarks by Greenie on Mike and Mike: Knicks offense consists of running the clock and Melo taking a bad shot.
Steven Rivera::SHump isnt getting open, are you not watching the game???
Bryce Morgan::are...are we surprised Melo is playing fat Melo ball?
Daymeon Craig::I see alot of upset heat fan comments!!! It's ok .
Kervin Vancol::Yeah no.
Renaldy Zamora::the knicks ain't gonna make it to the playoff. and you all talking win against the heat
Demetrius Falconstakeflight Roberts::Beating Miami IS their playoffs lmao...buuuuut it won't happen
Tim Barber::16 out of 30 teams make the NBA playoffs. Even if they finish under .500 they'll prolly still make the playoffs. Thanks for playing though.
Daniel Panda Jurado::We won thoooooo
Camilio Lee::Knicks will surprise a lot haters tomorrow point blank!!!
Demetrius Falconstakeflight Roberts::By what, signing Dennis Rodman for his scoring prowess?
Steven Rivera::Battier wasn't in the lineup to bail Lebron out against Melo. Funny how things work. People call Melo overrated but yet on head to head match up he matches up with Lebron almost equally, Lebron the better all around player but Melo offensively cancels out Lebron when he has to guard him all game long
Fabian Garza::Only regular season matches, if I'm not mistaken LeBron beat Carmelo 4-1 in a playoff series back in 2011. Melo offensively cancels out Lebron? If LeBron actually guarded Melo in an important game, Melo wouldn't be shooting 50% from the field. In a win or go home game give me LeBron James 10 times out of 10, not even close. Once again clueless fans making something out of nothing, when Melo beats LeBron in a playoff series, then you can talk.
David Richards::knicks could be dangerous when healthy stat 11 rebs  just keep jr on the bench and let tim get his minutes he hungry.
