doggbrown1::kyrie wins again! sike. ovvveerrraaattteddd clap clap clap ovvverrraaatedddd
TakinOutDaGarbage1964::Isn't there another city the Cavs can move to?
jeffcastillo1970::started following this online bet system called Sportsbettingstar a couple months ago. I have made about $3,000 a month since I started.  I was looking for a handicapper one night and just google searched for  Sports Betting Systems, it was there on the first page. Didnt seem legit at first but ended up being awesome.
stevestap::Kings are better without tyreke
DrawohWasHere::IMHO, Livingston seems to be a better fit as back-up PG.    Not as good a scorer as Pargo, but rather a good fit IF Waiters is going to come off the bench.    If Waiters goes back to the starting line-up, seeing how puke bad CJ Miles played tonight, then I'd go back with Pargo as the back-up cause scoring is a problem with Andy on the bench.  When Anderson is playing, Zeller is coming off the bench and helps the Cavs with scoring.    This time he's gotten has been great for him personally.   However, you can almost see Tyler thinking instead of just playing.    Big Z has had a good impact on him this year.   I don't think Tyler is ever going to be an All Star C, but I think he can potentially be a very good player on a good team with a long successful career.   That looks like a good pick for the Cavaliers.
Who Wants the Dick::<b> Uncle Drew is sad...</b>
YaImFromCleveland::Just keep tanking, I dont even care about Cavs this year anymore.  Draft someone good this time, its all I'm looking forward to next year.  And trade Varejao while he's still of value
bamberg1977::Not sure this next draft has anyone for Cleveland either. Nerlens maybe if you trade Varejao. Not a great draft though.   Waiters actually was impressive tonight from the standpoint he had 20 pts, 3 assts and 0 turnovers. I'm not sure about him either though, ball dominant SG's with Kyrie doesnt make that much sense.
bamberg1977::I like Cousins game lately, he's been great. Seems like he's taking slightly better shots, really passing and being aggressive. Still not sure how he cant shoot 50% in seemingly any game with how much talent he has. I suppose its partially because he's doing the setting up and not being set up much.. but he's got to find a way to get higher % looks more often as he matures. The rest of his game is already very good when he's focused
DrawohWasHere::It'll be interesting to see if he grows into the dominant type C he can be or if he becomes the next Shawn Kemp... wasted talent.   I hope for the kings sake, it's the former.
DrawohWasHere::Cavaliers needed this game cause we don't get to play another loser until the Laker game.
mksatx::hi.  im lebron james and i played 40 min and got called for zero fouls tonight.  yes im that good.
no worry no homo plz::lol Luke Walton is in the highlights.
DrawohWasHere::Most consistant veteran on the team.   I know it's sad, but it's true.
calvintheidiot::YEAHHH
calvintheidiot::god kyrie is so good
DrawohWasHere::Even though it was a close game, this had to be one of the worst shooting performances by both teams I've seen in awhile.   And judging from our records, that's pretty bad.  Best wishes to the Kings and their fans.   I'm really hoping you do well as we could use yet another draft pick.  Go Cavs
calvintheidiot::cavs and my fantasy team really missing varejao D:
Dwyane Wade Is In Fact A Dirty Player..::I don't understand Cavs...I really don't understand
Spoofen::What? A 1 possession loss again?!! Byron's gotta come up with better plays down the stretch.
calvintheidiot::oh god, the late game woes.
yata-9arasu::Good game Kings!  Nice game by Irving, Gee, and Thompson....  Good luck this year!  GO CAVS!!!
cibr111::Jimmer is awful
Markiemormon::It's Smart's fault, him didn't give Jimmer his hug and jimmer felt all alone.
dancoltsfan1781::The kid got game you must be blind hater.
dancoltsfan1781::Jimmer plays 15 min? Wow what a racist coach.
TheRydog3::18 pts in 10 minutes.... Last i checked he was #7 in the NBA in points per minute played and 21st in PER. That is ahead of everyone on his team and also most every other team too. Ahead of D-Will, Raymond Felton, Mario Chalmers, Damian Lillard, Danilo Gallinari and many others.
bergster391::Jimmer fans are racists and delusional
dancoltsfan1781::He never plays much! When they beat NY he played 19 minutes and scored 15 points. He needs more playing time period!
benboy808::If jmmer could get some min. he would be a freaking all-star!!! last night he scored 13 in the 4Q just saying
Markiemormon::As long as the other teams continue to cooperate and don't guard him... Jimmer is the best garbage player in the NBA.  He really should be on a team that plays H.O.R.S.E.  instead of basketball, he'd be a freaking supa staaaa....
sfgiantsfan 209::yea but he was struggling today and garcia and brooks played well tonight
dancoltsfan1781::Why he don't play more huh? He can score period.
JonathanGeorgeRD::Because he played like crap today, look at his stat line.
sfgiantsfan 209::nothing to do with racism
jbewlersdayoff::The best is yet to come cavs fans
sfgiantsfan 209::yea the kings are the weak team lol
nedster654::What a disgrace and an embarrassment to the sport and the NBA.  How long is this "pro basketball" team going to continue to lose?  Beside Waiters, Irving, and Varejo, where's the talent?  Allowing a weak team like Sacramento to win their 2ND road win is pathetic.  Too bad we can't borrow a players from OSU to play for the Cavs.
yata-9arasu::Yeah....  I'm sure a college player would help SO much....  This team is young and is playing poorly.  It is a process...
sfgiantsfan 209::well it cant get worse
Markiemormon::It WILL get worse.
TheRydog3::Yes it can. Ask Wiz and Bobcats fans
Is That All You Know::Any one blaming b Scott is foolish. How have hornets an nets looked since he left..The Cavs have a good point guard an Waiters isn't in shape Andy stays hurt, an the rest of the team needs to get better...
Jeff7429::He purposely isn't using the whole roster to find better rotations. Trying to sand bag it for the WEAKEST 1 through 5 draft class in history.  THAT is stupid.  We are not foolish.
joecannon3::CJ Miles 1 for 7 from the 3 point line? Glad he is out of Utah. CJ is the black death...
._.birdman::will they end up firing byron scott or how does that work?
Jeff7429::COACH AS long as he wants to be I think...
calvintheidiot::wow butler duke finals anyone?
calvintheidiot::is that jimmer? o.O
ChargersFan4Life001::GG Cavs fans, GL the rest of the year. 2nd road win :) im out go kings
RedsBengalsOSUCavs::Nice game, Gee.
Sam58548::Byron Scott has 3 top 10 lottery picks playing and still sucks. He is horrible and Cav fans are trying to find any reason to support him...but they are looking like fools now.
jbewlersdayoff::Shaun Livingston doesnt count...
Is That All You Know::Two of which isn't ready or still needs to develop..
Jeff7429::Kyrie will want to leave if Scott stays as coach.  He's smart enough to know this guy is a loser.
Sam58548::Agree
RedsBengalsOSUCavs::Another tough loss.
JohnsonnnL::I used to defend Byron Scott, but I can't  anymore. When they lose every game almost the exact same way the coach has to have some blame.
Jeff7429::NO one could say he is doing a good job. NO ONE.   Look what Philly is doing with about the same talent ?
Jeff7429::Can-I-Get-A-Hot-Tub - Are you comparing Waiters to Turner and Thompson to Thad? Lol  Also, PHI has all vets, CLE has all young guys  what about Kyrie and Andy V. genius ?   FAIL.
Can-I-Get-A-Hot-Tub::Are you comparing Waiters to Turner and Thompson to Thad? Lol  Also, PHI has all vets, CLE has all young guys
Can-I-Get-A-Hot-Tub::You guys don't have enough talent. Stop 'rebuilding' and got for it already
Jeff7429::Cousins had to go against Zeller and Walton tonight Kings fans ....How COULD you lose really ?
orange_63::Who would be the better cavs coach, Byron Scott or Pat Shumur?
Jeff7429::switch them...what's the difference ?
Jeff7429::My fellow cavs fans....this is the worst coming draft in years with NO projected stars this time...these ping pong balls are a JOKE this time around.
Can-I-Get-A-Hot-Tub::Which is why you should trade for Cousins
Sam58548::Byron Scott is a joke.
Jeff7429::yes he is. His rotations and player combo selections are ridiculous....designed to lose.  The players are playing hard.....but so what. ?
surasosa::hard to complain tonight because the kings won and jimmer didnt play great, but i really think 15 min with thorton and evans out is rediculous when u look at how good the dude has been lately.... if smart doesnt want him out there this  bad, im hoping they will at least let him go by the deadline to somewhere who actually wants him and will play him... when u  are among the very best in the league in points per min.. 1st in ft% u shoot 46% from the field and 42% from three surely there are some places that would rather have u on the court instead of john salmons, garcia, thorton, brooks, and thomas...... i just hope the kings do right by this kid... because it feels like they are not planning on doing anything with him special on the court... long term... yet they're holding him hostage due to the fans he generates.....ps smart sure didnt mind him out there to shoot the clutch ft's at the end... i remember smart doing similar stuff to steph curry in gs... just not nearly has bad as it is with fredette... and i would think if the front office had any real care about fredette they would step in and intervene... not that hard to say, we're not winning coach. u wanna stay, play our lottery picks
surasosa::tonight... but 14 min is his ave... i think sacramento has pieces to be really good without fredette.... its just obvious they are not thinking of him long term... with the way he has played, and yet not getting rewarded speaks to the situation.. i actually think his value is high now... espn's david thorpe who i despise had him listed number 10 amongst sophomores... ahead of thomas who starts lol.... others are finally starting to see what he's done... and there are a lot of fans dying to see what he can do with real min
ChargersFan4Life001::keith smart is a stupid coach, this is obvious. jimmer should play more
ChargersFan4Life001::garcia played well, brooks was great late, and jimmer did struggle.
ChargersFan4Life001::kings win a close road game, I'm stunned
Sam58548::How Byron Scott still has a job is freaking pathetic.
InCubaWith2Pac14::why isnt thomas robinson getting minutes?
surasosa::i like robinson... that being said, he has been woeful
sliktime::stupid coach if you ask me. most of his minutes are when the team is already down 15-20+ points and the starters are taken out.
ChargersFan4Life001::he has really struggled and JJ has been playing well on as the PF
ChargersFan4Life001::I still think he has potential, but he takes too many jumpers and doesnt attack strong.
InCubaWith2Pac14::they should trade him. Bobcats would take him
orange_63::reallistically what year will the cavs make the playoffs?
Jeff7429::they will have to trade Andy V. or hold on to him to wait for Lebron to come back in 2014.
Tribefan98::let's see, tank 3 more seasons for draft picks........um 2028
orange_63::wow, so soon, can't wait!
Jeff7429::The Cavs plan is too play hard...BUT put in line up combos that have no chance of winning against their opponent each night.  coach SCOTT....WE ALL SEE IT.
ChargersFan4Life001::26 rebounds between the starting PF and center
Jeff7429::WOOPEE....didn't have to face Andy V.
Tribefan98::Let's sell this team, give all the money to the Brown's and then we'll only have two losing teams in Cleveland
Can-I-Get-A-Hot-Tub::I hope SAC resigns Tyreke and don't trade Cousins, so they can continue this dysfunctional circus they call a franchise...
ChargersFan4Life001::Trade evans and keep cousins
ChargersFan4Life001::and the assist on the game winner
BearsSwag::When is Evans coming back?
ChargersFan4Life001::not sure right now
surasosa::dont ruin a good win
Jeff7429::coach Scott....suck on some b. alls and drive off a bridge.
ctown8686::lol
surasosa::jimmer at the line next time please
ctown8686::ahh well, i guess i'm numb to these kind of losses, GG Kings fans, GO Cavs.
Tribefan98::yeah, let's tank this season for the ping pong balls
ChargersFan4Life001::gg
ChargersFan4Life001::18/16/6 damn
Jeff7429::against Zeller though...lmao
surasosa::very nice
