The Three Point Wizard::hey tell me
Slurm Soda::Did you get it
The Three Point Wizard::ill book it
The Three Point Wizard::u can delete the link now
The Three Point Wizard::no one would ever find that lol
Slurm Soda::ok hold on
The Three Point Wizard::wtf
The Three Point Wizard::hello
The Three Point Wizard::MWAHAHGAHAHAHA
Slurm Soda::hjhjghj
Slurm Soda::I'm the last one to comment here
The Three Point Wizard::Im last
Rashard Quovon Lewis The Three point wizard::MWahahahahahahaha
Slurm Soda::lol
Slurm Soda::lololol
Rashard Quovon Lewis The Three point wizard::Laaast Comment   #win
Slurm Soda::haha
Rashard Quovon Lewis The Three point wizard::no u wont slurm
baseketfoot156::vvv HAHAHAHAHA SLURM SODA
Slurm Soda::I will be the last person to comment here
llGHOSTll::it is going to be bs if Kenneth Faried has to sit on the bench all season. He has too much talent to be a bench warmer.
KyleFurtner::Well known that Karl doesnt play rookies very much. Lawson was an exception because of his speed, and Forbes out of necessity
prprez76::Watch this NBA season in 10 games mini seasons. 66 games. With Lamar Odom, every ten games, you will get 2 of last nights game vs the Nuggets: 1-10fgs, ok rebounds (ONLY OK!!!), and left with ...huh??? Then you will get 2-3 games where he does it all, albeit at a subs production, rarely breaking out scoring/or assists as an elite nba player. But he can "do everything", they say. A Swiss army knive, a tool for every job. Listen, Lamar did some good things as a Laker. But he is NOT good with the refs. And he deserves it because he commits silly fouls consistently. His dribble drive often leads to off his leg, out of bounds, too hard off the backboard. He has trouble controlling the ball to the rim when he is moving fast to the hole...crazy misses. The Lakers got his best years. A good man, he will let the circumstances of the trade get the best of him, and it will affect his play. As I am saying this after two games, I would have said it the day he was traded. Watch.
Road dog Red::Down goes Dallas, Down goes Dallas.. Its ALL over... the sun is rising in New York and setting in Dallas
dennorayj::I cant believe espn is giving no credit to the nuggets...
capelunc::Ty Lawson = top 3 point guard.
prprez76::Wow. A few more games, please. So maybe we can see him for more than one day.
Slipmister89::Nuggets will be #4 Seed in Playoffs and Thunder will be the #1 Seed
sirmacalot2::I was just thinking that a nanny and a backup dancer in a Snoop video never bounced a ball on a basketball court or sank a 20 foot putt, but will be richer than their wildest imaginations because they pushed out some kids.
rican2kx::the reason why dallas aint playing like the way they were playing last year is because last year they had a bench and players that could play and change the momentum of the game. JJ barea was explosive. You had chandler as a center and he was good defensively and also in rebounds. Butler who was awesome. You can tell that mark cuban can't do a good job on putting guys together and making a championship team. Last season he got lucky this season will jet show how lucky he got. Come if a group of guys help you win a championship, you keep them and you build around them. Sending the guys who helped you win your first title is a slap to the face. You think Dirk, Kidd, Terry, Marion, Odom, and Carter are gone help you win the championship. Not a chance. Odom is a good addition  I give dallas that but vince carter?! Look Dallas should have been like this....DIRK, KIDD,ODOM,PEJA, CHANDLER,BAREA,HERNANDEZ,BUTLER,TERRY,MARION, Stevenson, and who ever else you want to put as the 12 guy. Cuban said mavericks aint don't yet well sorry to say but ITS OVER. you messed up the team.
BigVos::"You can tell that mark cuban can't do a good job on putting guys together and making a championship team."  Really?  Name 4 teams that have been more successful than the Mavericks in the last 10 years.  Keep in mind, the Mavs made the playoffs every year, won 50+ games every year, 2 Finals appearances, and 1 championship.    This ought to be good....
b_swanson1994::Get ready to rebuild after Dirk hangs it up and Kidd retires and Jet wants out.  All 3 of those will happen in the next 2 to 3 years
RockyMountainHokie::Dirk just signed a huge contract/extension didnt he? 4 years i believe, i doubt hes going to hang it up any time soon.
sirmacalot2::Howard and D Williams will be there to fill the voids.
tbIce33::Odom is probably pissed at himself for demanding a trade now. Lakers may be 0-2 as well but Bynum hasn't played yet, and their adjusting to a new coach. dallas looks absolutely pathetic right now. Last year was just a fluke.
furiousdubs::Heat beat mavs, look to be in "championship form"  Nugs beat Mavs, BY A WIDER MARGIN, virtually zero talk about how good the nugs might be, aside from holl's #2 pick, must be that the Mavs are bad...
gmann305::Oh i'm sorry the nuggets only got their lead up to 33 at one point, and this is a new year
Slipmister89::well the nuggets and heat play soon so that should be one heck of a game
dickiedave07::@furiousdubs  Maybe it's because the Heat were in the "Championship" last year and two games away from the title. Where were the Nuggets again? Oh yeah that's right...  P.S. The Heat were anihilating the Mavs by 35 at one point. Something the Nugs never did...
DenverDiehard35::the nuggets were up by 33, wow 2 points makes a difference. we beat the mavs by 22 instead of 11 so were the better team according to your logic
bmort7::I hate all the analysts and their 'championship form" talk after 2 games.  Nobody is in championship form 2 games into the season.  Just plain annoying.
eightbitme::Mavs next championship will be after Halley's Comet.
b_swanson1994::That may be optimistic
Artymus::...aaaaaaannnndddd the spurs are best team in texas again.
clownbaby09::just the way i like it
washheightsboy::Difference between this year and last year?  We only need to wait 66 games instead of 82 games before NBA scores matter.
RTiffer123::mavs= 1 hit wonder
Bleed White and Blue::why do role players think they deserve superstar money after a championship win? that's how many championship teams dissolve and become subpar.
ZachC1965::A lot of this is psychological. After lucking into a title last year they never thought they'd win, this team has no hunger left and you can see it...  Do you think if Miami wins last season, the Mavs still fall behind by 35 in their home opener..? Not a chance...
SIX7KID::AND SHAWN MARION WONDERS WHY DALLAS DOESN'T GET ANY RESPECT LOL
bearfan3485::With Dallas losing their big man and not adding anybody to fill his presence they don't have ANY chance to repeat....AND they don't have ANYONE to offer for Howard and late 1st round picks are useless so that wont help at all...... They better pray that they can land someone in FA next year.
the702shogun::what is not understandable is how the pube let the team break apart. he has the money, it's not like the world famous fl marlins fire sales. you spend years building a championship team, then let it fall apart. that team could have won a few more titles, what a dumb A
BigVos::You aren't very aware of the new CBA, are you?  First, the tax penalties are extremely restrictive for repeat offenders.  Second, if you are a repeat offender, the rules restrict the length and amount of contracts you can offer.  That means that no matter how much you WANT to spend, you are restricted from doing so.  Either handcuff the team for the next 5+ years (tax penalties add up) for a chance to win this year or *maybe* next (JET, Kidd, Marion all free-agents, you know), or position yourself for long-term success.  This year's team isn't that bad, either.  They need some time.  Not title favorites, perhaps, but they will be competitive.
clownbaby09::penalties could have been upwards of 65 million, which cuban says was too much
Living Leg3nd 420::How bout them nugs, they looked real good
echoxray::Hey Mavs. Thanks for Tyson Chandler.  The Knicks.
lakerpride55::Such a joke that people actually thought they'd be a contender after picking up Vince "Washed up" Carter, Delonte West, and Lame-ar Odom.  They're all overrated and the Mavs will be lucky to get the 6th or 7th seed this season.  One hit wonders for suuuure.
dickiedave07::The Dallas Mavs: From Champs to Chumps
dickiedave07::What plan? They just won a championship!!! You don't break up a championship team and hope to rebuild 2-3 years later?!!!   They plain and simple screwed up and now they'll pay. Losing Chandler , Butler, and Barrea will haunt them for a very looooong time.
Darcouth::Then back to champs, if the plan holds.
clownbaby09::what plan??  lose all the D you had and Butler and add the Candy monster?!?  sounds like a great plan LOL
ralphyralph007::Shawn Marion-2 pts. Is he still cryin about respect?
BE-rady42::NBA predictions as well as worst bowl names of the year here at: http://triplecoveragesports.blogspot.com/
RTiffer123::Mavs= one hit wonder!
paultonyoz::I love my Mavs but everyone realized that last year these old farts had some unexplainable resurgence of youthful energy and skill that in no way going to last all the way to this year.    Thanks for last year Mark, I for one am willing to wait until you figure out how to swindle Kevin Durant out of OK City and bring us the next ring.
thomasg9190::Not gonna happen.
virgosiempre::Majority professional athletes are such pampered over paid people that once the season ends so does their WORK ETHIC. Trust me if I was paid what these guy get paid I would have a personal trainer and be traininig entire off season because that is my JOB.  No excuse to be out of shape...insane. Grown men not knowing that their physicality is their money maker......Football players, basketball, hockey, baseball, whatever........TRAIN HARD 365 and honor your team, your fans and yourself.
virgosiempre::Mass should be muscle. Fat is a deterent to health. Fat slows you down. Fat should be lost and converted to muscle. Muscle gives them strength and endurance.
Darcouth::Yes, there are occasional cases of players being out of shape coming into camp. Haynesworth comes to mind. But to say the majority of athletes are lazy is incredibly stupid.
Darcouth::Sure. Put up a 0 percent body fat guy on the O line, and watch him get pushed backwards into the QB every play.
virgosiempre::You look at guys being filmed entering camp and the Offensive men are the worst. Defense are generally ripped. Max Starks got cut for being a fat boy and I was thrilled he saw the errors of his ways, got in shape and is doing stellar job,
virgosiempre::Perhaps you haven't look at some of the Offensive lines with their guts hanging over.
Darcouth::I don't even know how to respond to that. You're aware that mass is a good thing for an offensive lineman, right?
Darcouth::Since you apparently missed the sarcasm, I was being sarcastic. You're an idiot. They DO all have trainers and work out in the offseason. You don't screw around all offseason and come in as ripped as these guys do. Especially NFL players.
virgosiempre::I know one thing if I were ever blessed to be in NFL that would be my focus 365. People go to gym five days a week....Athletes should have special trainers to keep them fine tuned for camp.  All lose that FAT. Fat is dangerous and slows you down. If I were Steelers Coach I would measure their body fat and if they were high they would be benched.
virgosiempre::While I am venting, Goodell find a brainiac to create better helmets and gear for football players. Goodell's answer is fines and suspensions while ignoring preventing head injuries, ribs being broken and ankles.....PUTZ
abutler289::Yeah, those NFL guys are pathetic. I bet virgo up there could take all those hits like a real man.
virgosiempre::Then they need to make less. I personally am sick of all the injuries in NFL....Poor conditioning. Grow up, take the man pill and work your butts off and stay off IR List.
Darcouth::Lol. Right. They just sleep for a few months in the offseason.
CowboyAmericaTeam999::I've been saying this 4-5 years ago. What the Mavs need most is defense and toughness. Thanks god Chandler fall into our lap because he fail OKC physical. Erica Dampier, Shawn Bradley. When will Donnie Nelson Jr ever going to learn ? I'm tire of seeing team going 100+ on the Mavs night in and out.
Darcouth::You're not serious right? You really think that Donnie isn't aware that defense and toughness is important? Donnie and Cuban look at the big picture, because they have to. With the new CBA, keeping the team together wasn't feasible. Even just Chandler would have meant the team had NO future. You would have been hoping that Chandler and Dirk could do it again in the next 2-4 years, then the team would SUUUUUUUUCK and suck hard. Instead they did a pretty masterful job of making a team that shouldn't be this bad this year, then will make a very aggressive try to rebuild with a vengeance. All in all I think this is the best option available to the front office, and they did a great job executing the plan. Will it work? Depends on Howard and Williams. I don't have a lot of hope. But I still am aware that this is the best option they had, given the rules in place.
paul2285::Both Dallas and the Lakers will struggle this year......I guess that's stating the obvious
ngattas::Its only 1 game but I think this game has to say more about the Nuggets than the Mavs.  Denver is rolling DEEP this year.  They can play a 10 man rotation with little drop off.  They could set up for  Western Conference title run with this shortened condensed season.  They are young, and assuming they stay healty will be a great team.  GO NUGZZZZZZZZZ
sirmacalot2::I wonder if Ibaka still has nightmares of what Dirk did to him in the playoffs. We shall see tomorrow night.
DreamTeamEaglesPhillies::I've seen Dallas start off a season badly before and just go on a tear - I think in 2007 they started 0 - 4 and still won 60+ games so people shouldn't overreact.    That being said, you can see that they have lost most of their toughness with the departure of those free agents - Chandler, Barea, Stevenson and Butler are all tough scrappy players, and they replaced them will skilled guys who are not necessarily that tough, like Odom and Vince Carter.
The Lions will always be 0-16 to me::an eagles fan and a mavericks fan... lemme guess... Yankees?
RTiffer123::Mavs= 1 hit wonder
_misterfurious::lol did you just cut and paste my comment?
patmandewb::Problem is  Lamar Odom, Vince Carter and Delonte West are not as good as the players they gave up. Odom and Carter have seen better days and West is a role player, at best. I wish them luck, but with these hacks and all the miles on Dirk, it looks like a long, tough season for the Mavs!
CowboyAmericaTeam999::Yeah like the team will let Howard and William go into FA for nothing. Mavs are playing a risky game here. Anyway, what the Mavs need most is tough defensive guy in Chandler and Stevenson. The Mavs always have guy that can score, it is the defense and toughness that they lack.
sirmacalot2::They have players that can be traded. Terry despite the 2 losses is still playing good. They have cap space and solid players to trade. Marion is still a solid defender and can get you about 12 a night. To me their 5 off the bench is better than Milwaukee. Odom can go too.
SoFlo_SportsFan::Mavs fans can blame Cuban for this one. He basically is giving away this season hoping he will get Howard and Williams next year. It would be well worth the risk if he is able to pull it off... but I doubt if he will be able to get both. It is early, but with a shortened season, things aren't looking good.
Darcouth::Yes, that is the case. The front office put together the best team possible while guaranteeing no long term deals and having basically the entire team available to let go next year to make room for Howard and Williams. Anyone who actually thought the Mavs would repeat this year as it's currently built is delusional. This year just coast on the championship last year, and hope that the EXTREMELY aggressive rebuild plan works.
CowboyAmericaTeam999::When will Donnie Nelson learn that we don't anymore jump shooter in Vince Carter and Odom. What we need is a tough defensive guy in Chandler and Stevenson.  Have Eric Dampier and Shawn Bradley taught you anything ?
Ray7182770::The moment y'all signed Carter guaranteed there would be no repeat in Dallas.
