Tr1ckyOne::So....GSW, with all of our starters (from the first half of the season when they were on fire, anyways) played to a tie 6 times in the 1st half, were trailing at halftime, and played to a tie again in the 4th quarter... vs the Spurs' bench?!?  So in the playoffs, we're either facing the Spurs, whose reserves made a decent  run at beating our starters, or the Nuggets, who still won 4 of their last 5, despite losing their top 2 scorers. We gotta turn up the intensity on D Dubs!
bunkdabunk::Wow Stephen Curry
Frank1275::People who say the spurs suck or are overrated are just jealous.
mover828::but looking forward to the playoffs...........since All-Star break.......Lakers 19-8, Spurs 16-11...........uhoh.
el_dude00::I'm a spurs fan and they've looked like crap the past few outings. especially on the road. That is undeniable. They need to flip the switch and hope Manu comes back very quickly.
Frank1275::true, but I hate it when people who aren't spurs fans say they suck.
brandonkeller5::Is it just me, or do Jay-Z and the Spurs form a perfect parallel: http://3andd.com/2013/04/16/30-teams-30-rappers-san-antonio-spurs-and-jay-z/
paulheymanguy::lol, he's a heat, suns, thunder, &amp; knicks fan. can you say "bandwagon"?
slam dunk on u::it's just you...idiot!
mccoy3181::You are on a Spurs board talking crap when your pathetic team wont make the playoffs.  Who is really the idiot here slam?
slam dunk on u::Serious question to spurts fans after reading  on the Lakers facebook page about all the scenarios for the Lakers...most Laker fans agree that they rather play the spurts than OKC thus making the 7th seed is a priority.  We all know all the limitless excuses these losers are gonna make if they endup getting an upset again (like in 2011)...  Injuries, Injuries, Injuries...Manure, Diaw, sore knees to Duncon and Leonard...sore neck to pepe lepew blah blah blah blah
el_dude00::Only you would preface something with "serious question" and not actually ask one. Have fun against OKC starting Jodie Meeks!
mccoy3181::You are a sad pathetic excuse for an nba fan.  Your Flakers suck and wont make the playoffs.  Kobrick's career is over and Coward is going to leave during the offseason cause he sees that the Flakers are nothing but a train wreck waiting to happen.
mccoy3181::Im right.  Kobe is done.  Howard is going to leave and Nash will retire.  The Lake show is over.  Good riddance.
jcsurfshop@yahoo.com::You're wrong. Every thing you just wrote is completely $@%!$@%!.
slam dunk on u::Sports-Talk-Now- - spurs each year have a good season run, and fail  in playoffs each year hashshs what a joke   overrated coach and team  ---------------------------------------------------------  +1  Hit it right on the money!
paulheymanguy::4...count them, 4 championship banners hanging in the at&amp;t center.
Jayjaybe11::Just to confirm that the first "like" in not your own.
mccoy3181::slam and sports talk are butt buddies
8486Chase::Breaking News: You can watch the Talons game with rival Arizona on Saturday on MY35!!!
FuriousEsq.::Spurs have looked like trash the last few weeks. Wouldn't surprise me if they went home in the first round.
gt1master_ike::Well its been Duncan carrying the team the last few weeks with no Manu and an injured Parker. What would you expect?
5ammy5ammy5ammy::It's hilarious and mystifying to me that so many Laker-heads want to believe so strongly that anyone is tanking to avoid the Lakers. I know you guys really WANT the Lakers to be a good team- a team that's 'in the mix' for a title-, but they aren't. They just AREN'T, and you need to accept that.  Also, a special shout-out to the special-needs kid who keeps talking about how the Spurs "...lose in playoffs each year...". Yeah, guess what? So does every other team except the team that wins the title. The Spurs haven't won one in a while, but neither have the Lakers; the difference between the two is that, despite being banged up and having some struggles right now, the Spurs have been a great team all season, while the Lakers have been wildly inconsistent and a borderline lottery team all year.
joemcleod83::Let all these Laker-heads talk all they want, but no one is trying to avoid the Lakers.  In fact, I would argue that they are the weakest team out of the 3..GS,Houston,LA
jcsurfshop@yahoo.com::Nope
luvnbayes::Some players just make their entire team play better.  Their personal stats don't matter, it's the affect they have on the team.  Enter Manu Ginobili.  The Spurs are 45-14 when has played, 13-9 when he hasn't.  I know a few of those games were dump jobs by Pop, but the marked difference is still there.  Manu has to be healthy and has to play or else it will be a short playoff ride this year.  By the way, he has only missed six playoff games in his career.  The Spurs record in those six games?  1-5.
popsthebest::Jimmiejones u are 3 kinds of stupid!
PoseyCatchMe::How is Curry not an Allstar!!!!!
Jayjaybe11::His injury time last year was gap in his numbers--and visibility.
popsthebest::Numbers!
CaptainClaw777::Lakers save $80 million to amnesty Kobe Bryant.
Gditty22::Actually it makes too much sense.
mccoy3181::Kobe's career is over
The Destroyer Flacco Contract::The lakers haven't been doing good in the playoffs as of lately. so what's your point?
sports-1-on-1::Fail just like your spurs ,lose in playoffs each year hahahahahahaha
Nayrock10::watch this on youtube ''Lakers "fixed" game vs. Warriors'' and tell me the NBA is not fix so no matter who play the HEAT your team will not win in the playoff cuz the refs are helping the HEAT
Nayrock10::watch this on youtube ''Lakers "fixed" game vs. Warriors'' and tell me the NBA is not fix so no matter who play the HEAT your team will not win cuz the refs are helping the HEAT
sports-1-on-1::Nay SN you sound stupid
CaptainClaw777::It doesn't matter. The Warriors are in.  The Lakers have been given wins in the past. Get used to it.
ImAWitness06::Curry only needs 2 more 3s to break record!!!
CaptainClaw777::Curry is the best jump shooter in the league.
Jayjaybe11::That was why he made the national team instead of Rondo.
Sports-Talk-Now-::.TX TEAMS ARE A JOKE   CRYBOYS  RANGERS SPURS ETC LOSERS
slam dunk on u::Sports-Talk-Now- - .TX TEAMS ARE A JOKE   CRYBOYS  RANGERS SPURS ETC LOSERS   __________________________  I agree the spurts are overrated!
CaptainClaw777::You can't say that about Spurs and Rangers. Those are solid title contenders. I think you have a screw loose.
Claeton82::Rangers yes, spurs no. They haven't done anything this decade at all.
Sports-Talk-Now-::spurs each year have a good season run, and fail  in playoffs each year hashshs what a joke   overrated coach and team
CaptainClaw777::Jackson is not overrated and either is Popovich. They are great coaches.
CaptainClaw777::Overrated coach has 4 rings. Overrated team has Tim Duncan, one of the ten best ever. I think Kobe got them in but Magic's prediction will fail.
mccoy3181::Jackson isnt coaching now so quit bringing up the past.  Currently the Flakers are a joke of a team and wont be in the playoffs. ha ha ha ha ha
Sports-Talk-Now-::Phil Jackson 11 rings
LouieLou1::Andrew Bogut hurt again?
mccoy3181::Lakers suck!!!
Sports-Talk-Now-::no thats your mom job
mccoy3181::You are not smart so you must be a Flakers fan
mccoy3181::You cant speak English obviously.
mccoy3181::Spurs will sweep whoever they end up playing.  TP is going to come back with a vengeance.  Manu will come back and provide a spark and Timmy will be Timmy.  Go Spurs Go
mccoy3181::Kobe's career is over
mccoy3181::Kobe is hurt. lol
mccoy3181::Kobe's career is over.  You will be bandwagoning another team in no time.
Sports-Talk-Now-::you got me not
Sports-Talk-Now-::mccoy3181 - Spurs will sweep whoever they end up playing.  TP is going to come back with a vengeance.  Manu will come back and provide a spark and Timmy will be Timmy.  Go Spurs Go  fail spurs will lose in playoffs book it, like always hahshsaha
mccoy3181::Go back to school loser.  You obviously have the educational level of a snail
mccoy3181::Kid?  Try again loser
Sports-Talk-Now-::mccoy3181 - you are not smart  says you dont  know shi t about NBA or your team stupid  kid  go back to your mommy basement b itch
mccoy3181::you are not smart
diehardnr1::Statement Win???  What was the statement..."Warriors can beat a Top 3 team which is missing 4 or 5 of its best players"?  Good effort and all...just not sure about the Statement Game headline...
bstallion510::He's not saying it was a statement win.  He's saying Curry is making a statement that he's a star in this league and is the best shooter the game has ever seen.  The kid is about to break Ray Allen's record!  Hence the headline,  "Golden Statement"...
joemcleod83::how could anyone in their right mind think the Spurs would lose to the Lakers?? Because of a meaningless regular season game? C'mon Spurs in 5..I don't even see a real challenge for the Spurs unless the refs get involved.
mccoy3181::I see the Jazz winning their last game and the Lakers losing and the Jazz going to the playoffs
mccoy3181::You make no sense.  Try speaking in complete sentences.
Sports-Talk-Now-::mccoy3181 - Houston is a tough match up for the Flakers  spersm are a joke lose in playoffs each yeah hahahahah
mccoy3181::Houston is a tough match up for the Flakers
mccoy3181::Good Job liking your own comment
mccoy3181::How is that a joke?  Jazz won last night.  Lakers are inconsistent.  Its very probable.
Sports-Talk-Now-::joke off the day nice try
Obi_One_Ginobili_3x::Spurs will finish the Lolkers in 5
mccoy3181::OKC and Jazz in the first round
mccoy3181::You are not smart
Sports-Talk-Now-::fail lakers win it, you thing david stern want to see the jazz making the playoffs please
mccoy3181::The Lakers wont even win tomorrow and the Jazz will.
Cylekizer::Talking about what happened in the past is totally irrelevant to what is going on right now. The Spurs are obviously better than the Lakers this year.
mccoy3181::Kobe is hurt.  Lakers are done this season and for the future.  Howard will be leaving and Nash will retire.  The Lake show is over. lol. ha ha ha ha
Sports-Talk-Now-::mccoy3181 - You are on a Spurs board.  Go to your own board Flaker fan  16. rings to your yea shut up like always  lose in playoff spurs story line each year hahahaha
mccoy3181::You are on a Spurs board.  Go to your own board Flaker fan
Sports-Talk-Now-::fail hater
hated because i didnt join your favorite team james::spurs will get tossed 1st round!!
OriginalKiteMike::Jackson was found out by Spurs org. fighting in a club defending Mills ...
mccoy3181::6 if you count Jack.  I still dont get why they got rid of him.
mccoy3181::Cause you can tell that by a game where 5 of their best players didnt play against a team where all of them played.  Parker, Duncan, Leonard, Ginobili, and Diaw did not play.  If they had it would have been a blowout for the Spurs. Go Spurs Go
legacyreaper33::The Spurs should have treated this as a warm up for the playoffs.  They could very well come out rusty in the playoffs.  It's no wonder they were threatened with an upset in the 1st round over the last few years.
diehardnr1::I quit questioning Pop years ago...
jeff050578::I wsih I could have a conversation with the idiots who laughed at me 3-4 weeks ago when I said Curry would break Allens 3 point record this season. Even if they were on this message board they would not speak up. Curry is a special type of player who will go down as the best  3 point shooter of all time when his career is over. I look at Curry to have a similar career as Steve Nash, except a better shooter and not as good of a passer/floor general. I could be wrong but that is how I see it.
jimmybones137::If we get the Lakers in the 1st round and lose...its time for Pop to go. Let him officially retire instead of calling it a firing but he would have to go. His scared way of coaching would be an epic failure for the 6th straight year. He will have been outcoached by Alvin Gentry, Lionel Hollins, Scott Brooks, and now D'Antoni who wouldnt even have Kobe playing.
jeff050578::Who would you replace him with that is a better coach?
jimmybones137::Budenholzer. Its time for a re-build in San Antonio. New coach. New players.
OSU7575::Yeah Pop is tanking so as to not play the Lakers. Leave the thinking those with logic.
OSU7575::So in your world, Pop is scared of the Kobe-less Lakers a team they won the season series with? So much so that he's willing to give up home court advantage to the Thunder?   Not to mention, if he were really scared of the Lakers he wouldn't "tank" against them as beating them is most logical way to avoid them as a loss would likely pull them out of the playoff picture.  Like i said, leaving the thinking to those with logic.
jimmybones137::Once again.....he's scared. How is that so hard for you to understand?
OSU7575::Still can't figure out why Pop would tank in order to avoid the Lakers. Please enlighten us.
jimmybones137::Pop coaches scared and instills that in the team. No killer instinct.
jimmybones137::If the Lakers win tomorrow night, they get the Spurs in the 1st round and Pop tanked for nothing.
Allblacktomford::stop with the conspiracy about nba wanting lakers to make it. If stern was such a laker fan or tv ratings wouldnt you think he wouldve let the chris paul trade go through? cp3,kobe,dwight would be great rating vs the heat. NO-KOBE probably means better ratings for utah
diehardnr1::The CP3 to LAC was just Stern hedging his bets so that LA would have at least one good team after Kobe retires....plus he already knew, pre-trade, that Howard was going to LAL and even Stern is not that obvious...
CowboysGiantsWarriors::Houston will have it tough vs the Lakers. Stern and the refs will be on the Lakers side, Jazz will have a similar issue, can't allow the Lakers to miss the playoffs and Utah in....
Calvin9299::Seems a lot of people buy into that. I don't see the conspiracy actually. Lol.  LA wins, they're in. I don't think Stern is pulling the puppet strings. Is he a Lakers fan ? Lol
Yadi is G.C.O.A.T.::If you don't see the conspiracy you must not see any games.
SFWhiners2013::SPURS VS WARRIORS !  # TIME TO TEACH GS A LESSON !
sumodude28::good luck vs Lakers  you're gonna need it
Calvin9299::Like you, I believe LA will grab that spot, but I'm not delusional. The Lakers were one series and done with Bryant. Without, its going to be quicker.
CaptainClaw777::Who wants to play the Warriors? If they are hitting the three they can beat anybody. Anybody.
SFWhiners2013::AGAINST THEIR BENCH !
CowboysGiantsWarriors::50-16 and they don't beat the Lakers sorry, if treated fair, team can win any given night
CrabtreeWasHeld::If CurryGod had a name...la la la la la...what would it be da da da ...would you call it to his face?? LA LA LALA ...What if CurryGod was one of us ? da da da da...Just a slob like one of us ...LA LA LA LA...
CowboysGiantsWarriors::stupid. truly
howdythere81::none of this matters until the playoffs start... Spurs will go in healthy like Pop wanted it
KBells87::Spurs were 4-5 going into this game. Don't get too confident Spurs fans. Your record vs good teams is nothing to brag about and you have limped through the meat of your schedule. Look for the ailing Spurs to get bounced early.
CaptainClaw777::Spurs second string had good energy against the Warriors.
howdythere81::yeah Spurs split the series but with just the bench in tonight looked ok
CaptainClaw777::If they don't beat LA, that would blow.
howdythere81::i would never watch the nba again lol
CaptainClaw777::i agree why win? Get hurt. Number one seed doesn't matter.
howdythere81::yup 2 seed locked, Duncan looking great, Manu back and Parker hopefully playing better...plus Kawhi and the bench...Spurs will be ok
dunkinonthe9foot::cowards
Raphael Hythloday::Popovich wanted to play Houston instead of the Lakers in the 1st round so they wouldn't have to travel and have been tanking games for a while.
KBells87::hahaha. ok. I'm sure the Spurs losing games lately has had nothing to do with the fact that they have finally been playing playoff teams. God, look at the schedule you homer.
slam dunk on u::Karma son...Karma...thats what happens to cheaters.
oicurak9::Which is why Lakers will get bounced.
CaptainClaw777::Man can you imagine that you can't handle a three hour flight?
slam dunk on u::They will play the Lakers if the Rockets lose on Wednesday...sorry....
dunkinonthe9foot::who's up for a game of HORSE
PredictingCBB::Gary Neal is one of the best Bronze guards to use in NBA 2K13, MyTEAM.
howdythere81::Neal has been streaky, rest of the team has looked inconsistent but it's all planned by Pop watch and see
CaptainClaw777::I use Steph Curry and can beat you every time.
howdythere81::way too inconsistent
slam dunk on u::Most spurt players are inconsistent...not just Neal
CaptainClaw777::Hi Gary.
CaptainClaw777::All the bay area teams are winning now. Except the Raaaaaaiiidduhs.
CaptainClaw777::Spurs lost to the Lakers.. 4 of 6 on this road trip and lost the 1 seed. Why not rest them?.
CaptainClaw777::They are just getting old. Lakers spurs will be an old timers game.
slam dunk on u::There was a slim  chance of taking the #1 seed back...but they decided to give it away...and is not like having HCA would have helped them anyways......look at recent years ...they just choked plain and simple having the top seed
slam dunk on u::Weren't the spurts  on a 10-Game winning streak last season on this day?...  LOL And according to these losers all they are doing right now is resting???  Kinda ironic don't you think? LOL
CaptainClaw777::Spurs have the better record. Nice to have a Warriors team that can play. Bogut needs to get healthy.
slam dunk on u::I almost forgot....last season was an asterisk season with only 66 games...I take it back..... that must have been the reason these losers were streaking LOL
SFWhiners2013::Ai vs Curry???!  # BOTH IN THEIR PRIME! Who wins ???
jkluz23::Stephen hasn't even hit his prime yet
CaptainClaw777::Not Philly..
.Jerry Jones 4 President.::<b><sub>Kobe is washed up.</sub></b>
howdythere81::that was actually a terrible achilles heel pun joke my apologies
CaptainClaw777::Yeah. Kobe gave it his all. Magic prediction?
howdythere81::heel be back
cason26::Last game of the season to decide if Jazz or Lakers will go to the Playoff - AWESOME DRAMA!
howdythere81::Stern will have the refs on speed dial
cason26::Whoever voted against Curry in All-Star game should have their eyes checked...Don't think Curry will be voted as MVP but he should get some votes to show what he has done for the Warriors this season.  Jackson should also be considered a dark horse in the Coach of the Year award.  Glad to see this Warriors logo in the playoff picture.  Now the Western Conference is even more unpredictable than ever.  Good for the league.
bstallion510::Jackson is not the dark horse for COY. He's one of the front runners.
CaptainClaw777::Lee was deserving with the most double doubles in the league. curry was deserving best shooter in the league from Bed, Bath and Beyond.
cason26::He probably can hit 3's 30% of the time if he closes his eyes.
SFWhiners2013::WAS THE WARRIORS WIN VS SPURS MINUS PARKER- DUNCAN -LEONARD- GINOBLI                  IMPRESSIVE????  # NOT!!!!!!!!!!
slam dunk on u::Becuase they wanted play the  pathetic spurts... too bad that the Rockets lost....now they (spurts) will have to face the Lakers minus Kobe  and still lose to them like on Sunday
thelegend681::you hate the Spurs so bad that you refuse to even spell their name right lol good job, you sure showed them. Whether you think they are scared (or Genius), Pop will be a hall of fame coach regardless. Hall of famers dont equal pathetic.
.Jerry Jones 4 President.::Kobe is a rapi.st
CaptainClaw777::It is impressive if the Spurs win, which they didn't. Popavich has four rings. I think we can assume he knows best to win another ring.
georgepan::This is year #6 in a row in which the Spurs don't "win a ring."  They won't even make it to the Finals, and even if by some stroke of luck they did, they have no prayer against the Heat.   Face it, the Spurs are has-beens.  Good enough for the playoffs, but not much more.
slam dunk on u::Nah spurts wont win another ring popazit is overrated...
slam dunk on u::Not their fault that the crater man (popazit) decides to rest players for the hell of it...Pathetic spurt fans...you are a disgrace!
SFWhiners2013::YA WINNING BY 10 POINTS! VS BENCH!  # DISGRACE!
.Jerry Jones 4 President.::<b><sub>.. <b><sub>slam dunk's balls</sub></b></sub></b>
slam dunk on u::Well, take it for what is worth....  At least, the spurts will get a lot of exposure if they play the Lakers...  Most likely their series will start on a Sunday afternoon ABC Game. and that courtesy of the Lakers..  If they draw the Rockets then they will be shown at 10 am Saturday morning on you local coverage only TV stations   Urghhh! LOL
texican_10::Yo I'm back on the blocks
slam dunk on u::CHIMICHANGA!
