GeorgeR::Its not the players, its Brown's coaching decisions that are bad: He needs to tell Bennett not shoot unless its a dunk in the paint while running the floor and play hard D. Kyrie, Waiters and CJ Miles are adlib players who create on the fly in transition and need to run! stop doing half court slow ball you don't have shaq anymore. AV never was a closer and never will be - he can't produce points at the end of games pull him out in the 4th quarter, he is a #6 in rotation bench hustle type. If Brown does Bennett like he did Boobie Gibson you might as well trade him. Last but not least he's talking defense all the time but knowbody is fouling out the game and the great coaches get thrown out advocating for their players during losses. He is too buddy buddy with the refs and spurs and top notch teams.....He should be coming up with a different plan to beat these teams on a nightly basis instead of giving sound bites.   -gbrjr
brad::I hope the fool at Bleacher Report who just wrote a story about how Phil Pressey should start took notice of JC's triple-double (+24) and PP's failure to even make one of his FTs (-8). Note the team best and team worst +/-. Not trying to bust on PP, I think he was a great pick-up considering we didn't even spend a pick on him. Just saying the emergence of JC is by far the single biggest upside surprise at BOS (although JS is also exceeding expectations). Rondo is my favorite player, but the way JC has been playing, I can't help wondering if BOS could get and elite Center in a trade for Rondo to round out this team. He needs to show he is healthy again of course.
Shi::A lot of times, fans blame coaches for the failure of the team, and these criticisms are often irrational. This case, since we have seen Brown for many years, these criticisms are very well founded. Brown just is not a good coach, and he has to go for the Cavs to go anywhere.
Rob::I hope they cut Humphries minutes and give them to Sullinger and Faverani. When Olynik gets back Humphries will fade back into the bench. I am a die hard Celtics fan and am pleased to c how well they r doing considering. I cant wait to c how they do when Rondo comes back! I just hope Rondo doesnt feel the need to shoot the ball more cuz that could b a death sentence for us. Great game today against a mediocre team. Go Celtics (tho id like the Celtics to get a lottery pick and must lose to do so haha)
c::Instead of wasting money on the cavaliers and their over inflated prices on everything to watch a #$%$ basketball team, go down the street and watch Cleveland State play.  Parking is $5, $1 hot dogs on certain days, and great seats for $10-15.   Plus, they are a better basketball team.  Go support them instead of that pathetic excuse of an NBA team with a useless coach who has no clue what he's doing.
bluuzman::Things don't seem right in Cleveland. Brown may not make it through this year either.
Hanz Gobeler::With the first pick of the 2014 n.b.a draft the cleveland cadavers pick fred pesto center out of north west utah junior college.
Scott::When will the embarrassment of being a Cleveland fan end!
Truth Be Told::I would have drafted Anthony Bennett #1 too  -Michael Jordan
James::Wow, 4 points with 2:27 to go and already down by 18. FG % at 7.7 what a juggernaut the cavs are this year. Way to lure LBJ back Grant and Gilbert!! Thanks for the #1 pick in Bennett too!!
