Silas Reyes::Blazers Mo Williams on the 13 stitches Suns Goran Dragic had to get after their collision: "My momma always said I was a hard-head."
Silas Reyes::lol classic
Jason Hollingsworth::Suds fans are laughable at best. Portland wins by 13, top to bottom Portland is a superior team, and Portland's home court is no joke.
Barry N McCockiner::Nope. Keiff is gonna score 26 on 75% shooting and Beldsoe is gonna tear the Blazers up.
Adam Rodriguez::Suns are a lot better than you think Lady!
Tyler Moss::Suns are garbage off to a surprising start
Tyler Moss::Revenge
Alex Lewis::No
Remington Brown::how did that work out for the pelicans?
Yuriy Townsend::Remington Brown no offense but blazers are a lot better than the pelicans.....
Chad Wiggins::i really dont understand grown men playing a game and getting paid for it, and not being able to hit a GD FT....
Ryan Chiodo::Portland has something to prove and playing at home with a better roster. Portland by 7.
Matt Johnson::Talent wise Portland should win this game by 20 plus. GO BLAZERS
Eric Evans::So Portland's 2 players w talent are worth 20 pts lol thats laughable see ya tonight when ur way off.  Aldridge I'll give ya is good and Lillard but other than that they have nothing
Tyler Moss::Eric Evans. I don't think you will be having the last laugh tonight
Adam Rodriguez::No way bledsoe is better than them.
Cory Eklund Xango::Two surprising teams that are young and talented. Good luck Blazers! Go Suns! Here's to an exciting game!
Jason Peters::TRob 15pts 8 rebs
Kevin Huffman::Yeah....an NO MENTION in the "Recap"....how the heck does that happen?!?!?!?  15 pts. in just 17 mins. w/ 8 Boards w/ 6-9 shooting and NO MENTION in the "Recap"?!?!?!?  I think he led the Blazers in scoring!!!
Meron Foto::Good game Suns. I don't know why (maybe Blazers do have problem guarding small lineups) but Blazers struggle a lot against the Suns. Its too bad Goran Dragic had to leave the game though. He was easily picking apart Blazers D with pick n roll + Screens by creating mismatches  play after play that we had no answer for him. Honestly Blazers made their run right after he was out after the injury. But hey I will take the win and wish him for a speedy recovery.
Kevin Huffman::Wow!  Talk about a lack of recognition.  You're the leading scorer with 15 pts. on 6-9 shooting in only 17 minutes for your team (a career high) and yet NO MENTION of Thomas Robinson in the "Recap"....that's awful!!!
Kevin Huffman::Of course, didn't help that probably should've had 17 what with only going 3-9 from the line!!!  Ouch!!!
Kyle Kramer::I would be hard pressed to find an unluckier team in pro sports than the Suns. Nice defense there Frye, holy hell get your head out of your butt
Benjamin Britt::Unlucky? Portland has had some of the most tragic injuries and the Suns are like a fountain of youth for injured players...
Jason Peters::Thank you TRob for your contributions in saving my parlay. The former Jayhawk had a nice game. Rock Chalk!
Morgan Grimmett::All of a sudden Eric Evans didnt say anything about tonights game and the suns are still the better team
Shawn Bento::Suns are not only winning but they're a fun team to watch as well.  Can't wait till my Thunder play them again.
Eric Evans::Still make too many young dumb turn overs but that comes w the excitement I guess
Jason Peters::Are the blazers gonna win?? Cuz I need it to keep my betting dreams alive....
Chad Wiggins::everything portland is doing on offense is soft and weak......
Dave Joacksom::I agree all they are doing is jump shots.Why cant we drive inside the paint
Thomas Reyes::lol good game.  My god though Portland, way to get bailed out by the refs.
Meron Foto::How did Portland got bailed out by the refs??   Who missed 3 straight layups?? The refs??
Thomas Reyes::Meron Foto A missed goaltending call at almost the buzzer.  Batum touched the rim, obviously.  It's funny because even Batum knew it, he had such a guilty reaction and looked towards the refs after he pulled his hand back.  And it's not like that call isn't enforced.  The Suns LOST a game last year on an exact same play in which goaltending was called.  I'm not complaining.  The Suns are doing good things right now.  It was an observation.
Meron Foto::Thomas Reyes  Don't say obviously. Batum touched the NET and he wasn't the only one...... Ball was nowhere near the rim. So it had nothing to do with the outcome. If the ball was going IN THE RIM and Batum touched the net, then that would have been a goaltending. But that was not the case.
Fred M. King::Had to wait to get the ticker started again.
Doug Ashcraft::Pay back time for the loss.  Rip City!
Shawn Rodriguez::tough one to swallow my fellow suns fans.  horny shouldn't have taken plumlee out at the end.  he was the only one guarding the rim, we lost cause of that...not cause of the batum goaltend, which it was goaltending.  having dragic would have helped too.  all in all, the suns schedule gets tougher, then we will see what this team is made of.
Eric Evans::Yep why Channing Frye is in the game there I have no idea?
Nick Campbell::Eric Evans Channing was in the game because he gets under Aldridges skin. Always has. They know each other well enough to make each others skin crawl.
Shawn Rodriguez::Nick Campbell he had no right to be in the game, he is horrible on d and was missing his shot the whole game regardless of how well they know eachother.  it didn't make any difference did it?
Eric Evans::Good test for a young Suns team on the road Portland has played better since they lost opening night.  Keif probably will have a tough time stopping Aldridge but who doesn't as long as he contributes offensively and rebounds the Suns should win this game as they play 10 deep and Portland has zero bench.  What happened to the big man from Illnois Lenord they drafted last yr guess he was a bust
Matt Rupple::portland has a much improved bench this year, added mo williams, dorrel wright, thomas robinson etc. then when mccollum comes back their bench will be very good
Eric Evans::Matt Rupple I thought Mccollum was out for the year.  Mo Williams was awful in the opener so I forgot about him but not impressed w Wright and Robinson if they are improving so be it but I don't share your opinion for those players.  With the Morris tiwns, Archie Goodwin and Green the Suns can go 10 deep if Len ever can stand on w his ankle issues.
Tyler Moss::Eric Evand. Much imporoved defensive Joel Freeland beat out Meyers Leonard for the backup spot. Meyers has a lot to learn. And the initial news for CJ was that he was to miss at least 6 weeks so we will see where that goes. His walking boot just recently was removed.
Chad Wiggins::i hate dumb idiot coaches like stotts who dont know when to pull the garbage bench out... yea they made a run moron....  and thats all they had in em... u were lucky that garbage group even had a run in em..... u decide to roll with them, and its right back to seven... put ur freeking starters in u goofy lookin moron... ur blowing it
Jason Peters::Ugggh, I really need Portland to pull this off. Little concerned about Portland's lack of depth and Suns have depth somewhat. But no way I take the Suns on the road at Portland. Head to Head Blazers have a better starting 5, plus their at home.
Steven Ohl::Remember Sun fans, the Blazer starting roster had never played a game together before the first game against the Suns. They have gotten much better since then.
Tom Totosz::Portland just letting Phoenix knock down 3 after 3. Wesley Matthews is straight ghetto scum just standing around hoping they miss so he can shoot.
Tyler Moss::Ghetto scum? Dude.. look at you're mug shot.
