minny snowta::good game wolves, telfair and beasley combined for 1 for 14 shooting for 2 points and wes johnson didn't even play.  he never does!  wolves probably would of done better had we done the same last season but adelman can say he gave them both a good opportunity to show they can play and he learned they can't and it looks like they were good moves.  wes will be out o the league next season and beasley will be lost on the bench in charlotte or somewhere.
fanofstevenash::The Minnesota Timber-white guys.
Pusha Tonn::LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL: nba.com: " GOOD MOVE: Minnesota refused to offer Michael Beasley a contract before the season, allowing him to become a free agent. In nine minutes, he scored two points on 1-for-8 shooting.  BAD MOVE: Phoenix did offer Beasley a contract."
Pusha Tonn::Alexey Shved's double double highlights vs. the suns: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zjqfffaw568
stein.soccer::Loves werent good, they were however passable, and he was much better tonight
Rip City Forever::Kevin love is bad
Wolvesfresh::Oh yeeeaaaahhhhh http://bleacherreport.com/articles/1462141-8-takeaways-from-saturday-nights-loaded-nba-action/page/8
adam551024::T-wolves defence was amazing at the end!!
Je5teR777::Damn, the Suns are in every single game, but just can't close. A couple of significant players away from being a contender.
Bones Jones 69::Derrick Williams is so bad that he out performed Love once again.
Bones Jones 69::Who wants to try and convince me that Love's stat line means he played well tonight?
David214734::Going 9-7 in Dec gave MIN its first winning Dec since 2004!!
nargash::I said a while ago that the Suns offense should run through Scola. He might be as skilled as Pau and even have better mid-range shot than Gasol. Gentry doesn't use him a lot like today. Watch he will have 6 points, 7 rebounds, 2 assists and play like 28 mins next game. That's Suns for you..!!
gocaliforniabears::lol Pek looking like Wilt these days
sammy31323::Trade D-Will for the current best white player in the NBA that's not already on the T-Wolves.
Camden0916::D-Will, Ridnour and Brandon Roy's expiring contract to Magic for Arron Afflalo
arenal11::Actually I'd be more interested in a Dunleavy type of player: smart, multi-skilled, team guy, could play 2 in a pinch, length, experience, etc...
David214734::ROY signed a three year deal
Trexxus::Two year deal with limited guaratees.
ntkeenan95::shved. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=glK5E3bUDPU
Pusha Tonn::Just 1354 comments??? what happened guys?? lol
arizonasting13::lots of football tonight
Flying wolves::holiday weekend
Pusha Tonn::msos66 - Pity Pusha isnt here to see Shved play pg. He always called for it. --- I was at a party, I've just came home! 13 pts, 10 ast right? I'll download the game tomorrow!!! I want Shved to play SG, thats his position and he has always played SG,  the problem is he's the best ballhandler in the team besides Rubio so he has to play PG because JJ "Coke Boy Frodo" Barea and Luke suck at it. So it was a great game by Nikola and AK right? Love played good?
bruisers27::wolves are better off without Rubio
Kev_010::wolves are better off without Love now that is true
headbutter15::u r crazy
PhilMNAP::The Wolves barely beat a terrible Suns team... God damn it.
dogs::Someone should stomp on Scola's face.
minny snowta::might mprove his looks, gawd he is ugly!
PochoPantera::Scola is a loser, he belongs in the Suns
jarrollin::God, I miss Beasley and Telfair
Not Not A Wolves Fan::and wes
Will Conroy.::I miss myself.
timberwolves guy::Wolves have the best front court in the league.
arizonasting13::grizz, lakers, jazz...
jarrollin::Yeah, they really shut down Scola
12.21.12::lmao
J-Short65::Over Memphis?
NathanaelDallaire::We should trade Derrick Williams.
NathanaelDallaire::Dwill for a mid first round pick.
NathanaelDallaire::Dwill for Jamaal Crawford.
Not Not A Wolves Fan::dwill for durant
J-Short65::Sound like a Knicks/Lakers fan. "Take or trash and and let us get a stud in return! It's always a good deal if we benifit"
ChitownFan2323::yo
NathanaelDallaire::whats good my niggeh?
timberwolves guy::sup
ChitownFan2323::why the flagarant foul? i cant see?!?!?!
Will Conroy.::D-Will 10 Points in 14 Min. He is Wolves best 3 Point Shooter, give him more time.
DakWolves1::I like him a lot, lotta wolves fans are down on him, but we need to incorporate him in the game or get a SG that can be used because we are just destroying not only his head but also his value
Dinameetay69::As long as he don't make any stupid mistakes, he will get the time.
Will Conroy.::timberwolves guy - He is a stupid mistake.  That is what you are.
timberwolves guy::He is a stupid mistake.
ChitownFan2323::what happened i can only watch gamecast?!?!?!
NathanaelDallaire::I love Michael Beasley because he is a left hander like me, and he has that im going to shoot it no matter what attitude.  Everyone hates him, but he's cool in my book.
timberwolves guy::Beasley screwed himself over. He's really talented and good.
yorke44::opposing teams love beasley when hes on the floor
NathanaelDallaire::Im a Wolves fan actually, so yeah.
DakWolves1::repsect that he is on the Suns
Dinameetay69::Better the suns than crumble the T-wolves. So glad he is gone
ChitownFan2323::what happened i can only watch on gamecast?!?!?!?!
J-Short65::I can't wait until Kevin Love goes to a winning team an he gets exposed. If not for fantasy hoops, dude would be another Dominique. All numbers, no wins.How about rotating on defense instead of worrying about your rebound #?
yorke44::not 4 long :)
J-Short65::Wesley Johnson was an awful pick. Then you picked Derrick Williams and he doesn't play.
DakWolves1::we are a winning team....
DakWolves1::no players thats been on the Wolves in the past 9 years has been to the playoffs unless its with another team
J-Short65::Never been to playoffs with Love.
Dinameetay69::what happened to Rubio that he wasn't playing?
PochoPantera::Too soft
DakWolves1::spack basms
Dinameetay69::well that stinks, oh well, he has till wednesday to get ready.
DakWolves1::At least Mo Williams is out for Utah so our guards can be spared, now its bigs vs bigs...hopefully Rubio is back we need to get the train rolling and rattle off 5-7 wins here...I mean the Clips were 8-6 and now are 24-6 and I do not think they are a better team than us by any means
Flying wolves::the wolves are going to give me a heart attack during this season.
Tyler BarnesMNSports::To the vikings board!!!
Constantinius III::Wow Pekovic beasted tonight.
Dinameetay69::doesn't he always do that? Of course, he is going up against Gortat, who is probably sucking just so the front office will trade him. If I were teammates with Michael Beasley, I'd do anything to be traded
Minnysota Vikings::*every night
Will Conroy.::Mmmmmmmm that Hot blonde they kept showing.
Not Not A Wolves Fan::word.
Tyler BarnesMNSports::Beasley and Telfair , the two former Wolves were a combined 1 for 14 from the field tonight.
yorke44::beasleys the worst player in the nba
Dinameetay69::Happiness in the form of Beasley's suffering, might be the greatest gift of all...
Tyler BarnesMNSports::I loved it!
Minnysota Vikings::How many of those Wolves cheerleaders do you think Alexey Shved has banged already?
DakWolves1::common man, he is too busy banging the other teams cheerleaders to be worrying about ours
Not Not A Wolves Fan::none...they aren't good enough for him
Dinameetay69::I'll put a dollar on at least 4. Come on, the guy is the most interesting man in the world
Minnysota Vikings::He'll be the next James Bond once he retires from basketball.
Tyler BarnesMNSports::all of them
grelar::How many has his cat banged?
Dinameetay69::So, any big names in the FA agency that are SG. I have been following the rumors of who has been worked out. Not to be mean, but not impressed. What we need are a SG and an SF. We lose Alexey's spark when he is starting
DakWolves1::well we get Budinger back in about 2 months id say, Lee hopefully soon as well...that will help quite a bit...but not too sure, I want JJ Redick, he will fit the color scheme and hit 3's and FT's
DakWolves1::oh $@%! really?
Dinameetay69::malcolm lee is out for the season buddy. I would love the addition of Reddick, but who do you package with Derrick Williams to get him?
MinniWolves90::How many yards does AD get tomorrow?
bradwinsall::against the pack? 25ish?
DakWolves1::2 many
WeAreMN::300
MN_Sports32335::Would be nice if Roy could do us the favor of just retiring already
bradwinsall::ya hes done, i admit in the off season i played the cup is half full card, what if he comes back and is 70-80% of what he was? bottom line, its not happening. his knees are done and hes in denial.
MN_Sports32335::Or how about having a player that could actually help us in the meantime
DakWolves1::I dunno I like the thought of him just on cruise control all year til about the last month then trying to help come playoffs, then retiring
malarsen25::I'm so happy T-Wolves are a playoff team after all these years
bradwinsall::playoffs? this team is barely an 8 seed if their luck really turns around and then its a brutal 4 game sweep by whoever they play. as a wolves fan, id almost prefer another year in the lottery cuz this team is not good and has no chance of doing any damage in the postseason.
MinniWolves90::It's been tough. We deserve it.
malarsen25::yeah
DakWolves1::got 50 games there skip
DakWolves1::lol @ the Suns roster, literally everyone on the team is an ex player from somewhere else that got the boot
bradwinsall::shows how bad the wolves are, give up over 100 points at home to these scrubs.
Jerry Jones Is A Lesbian::yet they almost beat us.
DakWolves1::I know...that was my next thought after posting
Minnysota Vikings::Gotta give credit to Scola though. That guy just keeps scrappin' away at ya.
JKRIII::hustle play, after hustle play
JKRIII::Next game not unti Wed. in Utah
bradwinsall::he will go prob 5-26. 12 pts. tons of tears and frowns
Dinameetay69::ugh, hope everyone but Kevin can make the basket. Utah is home to Kevin's worst FG% if I am not mistaken
Tyler81836::GG Suns
grelar::Time to work the phones for a SG.
JOE CARLS::lol yeah the Suns are interested in trading to rent Rip Hamilton of the Bulls for the rest of the  year, not exactly the guy to take us back to the glory days. Bulls just want cap relief
