TBLASTER5::No one will probably read this, but I couldn't really find a better Wolves board to post this on.  According to sources near the situation, Brandon Roy has narrowed down his choices of teams to attempt a comeback with to five; with the Wolves being one of them.  Go T-Wolves!
Liriano will no hit the white sux yet again::im predicting the heat beat the thunder in 5...........
mn_tanz::Good luck in the postseason.  I would love to see Denver make a run at things.  Especially if NYK has another early exit.
mn_tanz::I don't think it's too much to ask that the Wolves players actually try at the end of the seasons.  The way they've finished the last three years has been completely embarrassing and reminds me of why I spend so little money on them- going to a game requires that I drop a decent amount of cash, and there's a great chance that the kids on the court will decide that they don't need to try.    It's really pathetic.  They looked a lot different for the first half or 2/3 of the season or so, but in the end, they showed they still have the same mental makeup and maturity as the last two teams.  I'm glad Adelman has said he plans on being a big part of the wolves' offseason and that they will be active in trades and free agency this year, because I don't' want to see half of these players who couldn't put forth any effort to be back next year.  Johnson, Ellington, Darko, Randolph in particular.
c5a1t3s::ty +28, you mad man!!
HateBrass::Karl is the same coach that won 64 games (NBA best) in 1994, had a 2-0 lead on Denver, had Shawn Kemp at the line late in Game 3 needing two FTS to sweep that series and they choked.  They lost that game and lost the next two to a 8th seed with a LOSING RECORD.  And a reserve guard (Robert Pack) outplayed an ALL NBA guard (Gary Payton).  Just to prove how bad Karl's coaching was, the next year they were a No.2 seed and lost in the first round to No.7 seed LA as Nick Van Exel schooled Gary Payton.
c5a1t3s::wait, let me get this straight.  "Karl" is the same "George Karl" that used to coach the Supersonics? yeah right, next thing you're gonna tell me is that "Karl" is the same "George Karl" that coached the 98-2003 Bucks.  proof, HateBrass, or it didn't happen.
HateBrass::The GREAT George Karl will once again show why he is one of the most underacheiving coaches in NBA history as he again gets bounced in the first round.  Karl is another Don nelson-even though he once made the NBA Finals and Nelson didn't know what that was.
pastelpaul::Denver is a tough match for Peace-less Lakers. They are lightning fast and athletic, not at all like the big plodding Lakers. Should be an interesting clash of styles. Go Nuggets! It was a promising year for T Wolves until Rubio went down. If he comes back and is healthy, the team will continue to improve.
diehardnr1::Look on the bright side TWolves fans... Minneapolis still has 5 more NBA titles than Denver does. Too bad the franchise that won them moved to the West Coast...  Good young team with a good future...just what the NW needs...another good team...lol...like its not tough enough already.  Speaking of the Minneapolis franchise... Another playoff match-up with their West Coast descendants. Bring 'em on!!  Way to end the season in style Nuggets!  Nice to see the team chemistry coming together more with each game.  I like that the starters mostly got normal minutes, with Al getting a much needed rest and Dre benefiting from reduced minutes.  It was also great to see Ham and Stone to get minutes and think Gallo, Mozy and McGee really needed.the confidence boost, as their roles wlll be vital to beating the LaLas.  Tip of the hat to GK and the entire coaching staff! Mainly for not panicking and keeping the team together through all the injuries and player movements.  It shows on the court that their hard work is paying off.  DEN is finally starting to gel as a team...something us Nuggets fans haven't seen since early season hot streak.  Hopefully Nuggets can finish the way they started and roll deep into the playoffs!  GO NUGGETS!!!
Revenanteternal::The Wolves will be back next year. They will be a better, healthier team. They will make the playoffs.
mn_tanz::Yeah, we'll take solace in the championships that were won before I was born, but hell, it's better than nothing, I guess.    Good luck in the playoffs, Denver. I wouldn't mind seeing you guys make a run.
chitownbullsinseven::I’ve been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for  anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and is tired of not winning your bets
TubbyTime334::Chuck Picks Denver Over Lakers.
DwayneWadeIsTheREALKing::That settles it, the lakers are going to win it all. Chuck used up all his mojo last year
diehardnr1::he must have picked against the heatless last year.... probably will again...pretty safe pick if you ask me
Steveforprez04::Did the Wolves forget that their pick goes to New Orleans?
Revenanteternal::They picked up Utah's first rounder. Do your homework.
Trev28nba::I thought Mozgov got shot in the nuts the way he reacted. Kind of a embarrassing way to end a great game.
diehardnr1::Mozy could have been an actor...well at least an over actor.  OR he just has a low pain threshold.  The scene he displayed when hurting his ankle was almost embarrassing as well... Kup's (Broncos OL) injury was far worse, but if you listened to each athletes reaction you would have thought Mozy was the one with the torn off foot!  When Mozy tripped on the cameraman was also one of those embarrassing moments for him.  Very emotional guy Mozy...and kind of a wuss for his size maybe...
ryanvdonk::looked like he got his in the solar plexus...really painful (almost as bad as a shot to the jewels)
aroznowski::Lynx, please continue making us proud!
Riverside GooseStep::lololololol
Fire_George_Karl::Question...Dogs descended from wolves...so why do Timber fans have pictures of cats? No disrespect...just pondering
PoRtEr_24::Solid defense by the wolves tonight lol......Pumped for next year!
paul34135::While it's obvious Ricky made this years team better. It's next years team we are more interested in. The fact is we need to stay healthy either way. It's really to bad we ended so pathetic and with weak efforts..but it's a young team and thus no surprise. If healthy we make the playoffs this year without Ricky...not that it would have mattered. Hopefully RA get's some quality experienced players to replace some of the bums.
TubbyTime334::My Playoff Predictions. Should Be A lot of Good Series.  West First Round: Spurs over Utah in 6. Memphis over Flop City  in 6. Nuggs over Lakers in 6. OKC over Mavs in 7.   West Semis: Memphis over Spurs in 6. OKC over Nuggs in 7.   West Finals: Memphis over OKC in 7.  East First Round: Bulls over Sixers in 6. Boston over Atlanta in 7. Pacers over Magic in 5. Heat over Knicks in 6.   East Semis: Bulls over Boston in 7. Heat over Pacers in 6.  East Finals: Heat Over Bulls in 7.  NBA Finals: Memphis over Heat in 7.
ryanvdonk::knicks get swept!
JustineS04::We beat the Lakers, hooray!
Fire_George_Karl::Lol I honestly think we could win. I'm really crazy for saying that, but it's my gut feeling. We can beat anyone if we have the heart. Maybe it's because I just saw the last episode of the association and it made me feel way better about the team and the coach I have been wanting to get fired. But damn, if we get past the first round I will never say that GK needs to be fired ever again
TubbyTime334::A lot of 6 and 7 Game Series Haha.
TubbyTime334::This was Definately the most exciting Season since 03-04
Slurm Soda::Well it was a crazy season for every team. A couple of moves in the off-season and you guys will surely be in the playoffs good luck next year, Wolves fans.
TubbyTime334::Nugs in 6. No World Hate to take out your Players.
XxLeprechaunxX::lol World Hate, its funny every time
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::Good luck in the playoffs
TubbyTime334::I Personally Like The Serbian Bash Brothers Combo.
XxLeprechaunxX::I did too until i noticed only one does the bashing, the other sits on the bench!
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::Fair enough. Agree to disagree I guess.
XxLeprechaunxX::He hates Blake Griffin lol
TubbyTime334::Well i think so.
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::No he's not... unless it's against the Clippers he just doesn't give a fuck.
TubbyTime334::Darko is a solid 18 min a guy off the bench. Adelman is dumb not to at least give him that.
TubbyTime334::I want to keep Randolph and B-Easy.
Revenanteternal::I hope we keep Beas-Nutz. He is good off the bench when healthy and can light it up.
XxLeprechaunxX::The only way i see us re-signing Beasley is if its super cheap and only 1 year deal maybe with a 2nd year team option
XxLeprechaunxX::yeah me either but who knows
TubbyTime334::I dont know how many other teams are gonna go crazy for Beas
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::No effort from either one. I liked Randolph but he didn't even try when he played until he thought he had to play to get re-signed. Plus he didn't get along with Adelman.
Jake-Macauley::Any lakers fans here? What are your thoughts on playing Denver? Are you glad you got the match up, or do you wish you were playing Dallas
wilczek261::As a Nuggies fan it always scares me to play the Lakeshow but i guess now is as good of a time as any to catch them. The smart money almost always follows the Lakers but this time I think they are in for a battle. No Artest (or wtf his name is) and I am not so sure about their coach but never ever count them out. Could be a hell of a series!!!!
Total Blackout::laker fan here- denver scares the $@%! outta me with their speed . Dallas has dirk and terry. I'd rather play dallas due to their weak bench but denver it is. good luck to both teams! go lakers!
TubbyTime334::In My opinion, Keep everyone but Webster, Tolliver, Wes, and Luke.
Revenanteternal::Yes keep Luke.
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::And Darko, Beasley, probably Randolph. And only trade Luke for someone good.
PhilMNAP::The only reason I would get rid of Luke is to trade him for a SG. Other than that the Wolves should keep him.
XxLeprechaunxX::and Darko
TubbyTime334::Ya Right Adelman and Darko are BFFs
XxLeprechaunxX::Pretty sure he will be amnesty-ed, as Adelman doesn't like him and hes costs 5mil a year
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::He's just a burden on our payroll, we need to get rid of him.
TubbyTime334::Only if we get another Good Center.
XxLeprechaunxX::"It's going to be a really big summer. I don't think we can be non-aggressive this summer. We have to strike and see who we can add to this group."  Rick Adelman
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::http://espn.go.com/nba/story/_/id/7860821/minnesota-timberwolves-coach-rick-adelman-plans-input-busy-offseason
PhilMNAP::I hope he actually said this.
PhilMNAP::I see he did say it! This is good news.
TubbyTime334::If Wolves don't make any good moves this off season, i'm gonna Punch Kahn in the Face.
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::Adelman won't let that happen. Sounds like he'll be telling Kahn who he wants.
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::Wolves need: Any SG a backup C who can block shots Maybe a SF and most of all: PERIMETER DEFENSE
Revenanteternal::We should go after Marcus Thornton.
PhilMNAP::Terrence Ross or John Jenkins in the draft if you want them. I know you will hate me for this BUT he can block shots like you are asking. Fab Melo. Don't have an answer for SF expect for Beasley or Williams. And Beasley seems unlikely.
PhilMNAP::Well, you asked for a shot blocker and I gave you one.
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::GRRR hatey hatey hatin' on Fab Melo. Seriously though, just about anything would be an improvement from Darko.
XxLeprechaunxX::Fab Melo yuck, but he is good defensively and who know with rubio maybe he could surprise... hes just such an idiot lol idk
k_nak::If MN can get 2-3 supporting players around Rubio and Love, it might not be a championship caliber team but I think it could be a really good team that could be the most entertaining one in the NBA.  I'd like to see that.
XxLeprechaunxX::Crossing my fingers that we make some good moves this offseason. hopefully adelman get the guys he wants
PhilMNAP::They already have Rubio, Love and Pek. Just need a SG and a SF. I think the SF is Williams. Just need the SG.
Revenanteternal::Was not at all impressed this season with Derrick Williams. If you are the #2 pick overall you need to be playing better than that.
TubbyTime334::I was disappointed in Williams this year. But Adelman kinda Effed him up.
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::Inconsistent, but if he can be consistent next year he will be our starting SF for sure.
XxLeprechaunxX::Yeah very disappointing, especially the last month.  His game just didnt transfer to the NBA well at all
PhilMNAP::Can't really say he was disappointing. He really didn't get much time. When he did get time he showed spirts when he could be amazing. We have to see a 2nd year of the guy before we say if he is a bust or not.
TubbyTime334::Ya i didn't call him a bust but for the 2nd Pick i expected more. Although like i said Adelman played him Poorly.
TubbyTime334::Luke is getting  old, get  couple other vets. Barea has Championship Experience. If Luke is your best shooter thats a huge problem. That's why we got to make big moves.
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::I will be fair and admit that Barea's playoff experience would be helpful but if we can get a different veteran with experience I say ditch him.
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::Fair enough.
TubbyTime334::Barea is good as a 22 min bench guy. As a starter he just isn't as effective. Fact.
PhilMNAP::Right. I don't want to trade Barea. He has Playoff experience that could be used. If the Wolves can trade away Luke and the Utah draft pick for a SG that would be good enough for me.
PhilMNAP::Beasley was great last year. I thought he was going to turn into something special. I can't say what happened. He averaged 20 PPG last year. Now he averages like 12.
wilczek261::Read too many of their own press clippings. such a shame that guys can't realize how truly amazing they have it.
XxLeprechaunxX::He was injured much of the time Rubio was playing, would have liked to see the team with both of them a little more this year
k_nak::Sometimes those head case guys do really well in their first year with a team as they're on their best behavior.  Then, their true colors come out in the second year a la Terrel Owens,  Stephen Jackson, etc.  They start taking about contracts, team roles, and start pouting.
PhilMNAP::True.
TubbyTime334::As much as I like Luke i don't know if there is a need for him.
XxLeprechaunxX::Luke should be traded. i like him better than barea, but barea contract makes him kind of difficult to trade.  Either way we should not keep all three imo.
PhilMNAP::If we could get a SG for Luke and maybe the Utah draft pick than yes. I would be willing to trade Luke.
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::Get rid of Barea before Luke I say.
TubbyTime334::Barea is a better PG.
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::"Scrubs" = half our team. Barea can drive to the basket, that's about it.
PhilMNAP::I just don't want to turn away a player who has the best overall jumpshot on the team other than Kevin Love.
TubbyTime334::JJ only did that when we had Scrubs out.
PhilMNAP::Luke could play backup SG then. Has a great shot.
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::Barea is a turnover machine who jacks up bad shot after bad shot. No he isn't.
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::Are you kidding? We need a solid backup PG. Barea showed us he can't be a starter.
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::It's a possibility, that's all I'm saying.
TubbyTime334::Wow ur optimistic.
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::I was saying if Ricky got injured again.
TubbyTime334::No shittttt Ricky is the Starter.
PhilMNAP::Backup PG is a need.
TubbyTime334::Dump: Wes, Tolliver, Webster. Wayne i'm undecided.
TubbyTime334::It would be awesome to get Demar Derozan. Nick Young would be a good get as well.
k_nak::I don't know what happened to Kevin Martin this year with Houston.  Seems like he wasn't playing.  HIs game would go well with Rubios I would think.  OJ Mayo is intriguing too.  Young might be a head case and not a good fit for a relatively young team.
XxLeprechaunxX::The Wolves should strongly pursue Mayo i think
PhilMNAP::Matt Kalil and Harrison Smith for the Vikes. I like.
XxLeprechaunxX::I was surprised how well the Vikes drafted today, especially after last years horrible reach for Ponder
purple-peopleater::one OT does not make the line magically "good".
PhilMNAP::Give Ponder a chance. He now has a good O-line around him.
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::Good first round. Now if we can do well after the 2nd...
XxLeprechaunxX::Im a huge Michael Beasley fan, but after tonight i think the chances of him returning to the wolves are slim to none.  At 6'10" with 24 mins, only one rebound pretty much means you didnt try
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::Let him go. If anything, he got worse with the wolves. He's a ballhog with poor shot selection and he's lazy to boot.
PhilMNAP::I would say let him go also. I would say we can just about call him a bust. At least for the Wolves. The guy never passes, he has a poor FG%, he doesn't play defense. I wouldn't mind if he doesn't come back next year.
XxLeprechaunxX::This game was horrible, but when "properly motivated" i think Beasley can still be a great asset to this team. I also hope they bring him back even though i doubt they will.
PhilMNAP::He had 1 assist and went 5-12 with only 1 rebound. The guy is very inconsistent and can't get the job done for a #2 overall pick.
TubbyTime334::I disagree he expanded his game somewhat this year. Saw him pass up a lot of bad shots this year.
XxLeprechaunxX::In an ideal world he would be an integral part of a wolves playoff team next year at 6th man, but realistically i can no longer see it happening
TubbyTime334::I Hope he will be back.
TubbyTime334::Injured or not i want Eric. A sidelined Gordon is better than every guard we have practically
k_nak::I would think that it would take 9 mil/year type of contract to get him.  That's a lot of money to pay a guy that might miss 30 games/season.
TubbyTime334::A Draft that is Extremely loaded and the Wolves don't have a Top5 pick finally. How Nice.
PhilMNAP::Got a pick from Utah.
k_nak::Clippers got that pick I think.
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::Nope
k_nak::Do you remember what the Hornets gave to the Clippers for that pick?
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::Clippers, then Hornets got it
TubbyTime334::BURN JARIC
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::Guess so. It's all in the dick
TubbyTime334::His Snake
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::But he's a SCRUB. So many other dudes make more
TubbyTime334::Money
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::How does a scrub like him land Adriana Lima? It's ridiculous.
TubbyTime334::Very Hot Wife Though.
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::Kahn probably would have blown it anyway. At least we have a first rounder now.
Slurm Soda::What happened to the Wolves original pick for this upcoming draft?
Slurm Soda::Damn that is terrible lol
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::Traded for MARKO $@%!$@% JARIC.
k_nak::MN needs to go out and get Chris Kaman and Trevor Ariza from NO.    I think both of those guys might be free agents at this time and could step in and start for the Wolves and fill a couple glaring holes in the lineup.  I hate watching Love toil in this lineup year after year.  Ariza could go up and throw down the alley oops from Rubio and he doesn't need the ball to be really effective.
XxLeprechaunxX::Pretty sure only Kaman is a FA this year
TubbyTime334::I like the Potential in Terrence Ross, better than any SG we got now. Beal is gonna be Very Good I think, but he will probably go Top 10.
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::We need veterans. The draft is always a gamble, I would rather they take a solid FA SG.
XxLeprechaunxX::You're probably right, it might be a better idea to trade the pick and try to acquire a veteran would definitely be less of a gamble
XxLeprechaunxX::Beal will be gone by 10, you're right.  I like Ross too, also like Jenkins from Vanderbilt
XxLeprechaunxX::I agree, Ross is more versatile also, but i just really wish the Wolves had a guy at SG who you can count on to make open shots
TubbyTime334::Terrence with more Potential though, but Jenkins is probably more NBA Ready.
TubbyTime334::Jenkins could be an Assassin either one is good.
rwilliams75::Look at it this way Timbertrolls. You won the most games since 2006, good for you. By the wy remember when you trashed talked Denver about a month ago? How'd that work out for you?
TubbyTime334::I actually like the Nuggets Team
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::Fantastic. We're still happy-ish with the season.
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::Haha I know right? I actually really like you guys. You have a good group of hardworking young guys. Manimal is a beast.
rwilliams75::you will be fine, I like seeing you all do better. You have a good core, and a young superstar in Love. Just funny to me all the Wolves fans hating on Denver. quietly into the night.
Slurm Soda::What was the worst decision Kahn has made Wolves fans?
k_nak::How in the world is Johnson starting for this team?  Should have just inserted Williams to see what he could do.
TubbyTime334::WES!!!
TubbyTime334::How Bout Syracuse
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::It's a tie.
TubbyTime334::Check that, FLYNN!!!!
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::Wolves should find a way to get Kevin Martin.
XxLeprechaunxX::Wont happen K Mart  is contracted through 12/13 season with Houston plus he wouldn't be worth trading for cause his salary is huge like 12 Mil
TubbyTime334::Eric Gordon would make us so good. Too bad that wouldn't happen.
k_nak::Yeah, I wouldn't pay the kind of money that Gordon's probably going to get.  He's been injured for long periods the past two seasons.
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::Injury prone. K-mart knows adelman's system better than anyone.
Slurm Soda::Any decent SG would help.
THE AMAZING CHEF ONE LAST OORAH::WELL IM LEAVING IDK IF ILL EVER SEE YOU ALL AGAIN BECUZ THE TWINS MAKE ME DEPRESSED SO MAYBE FOOTBALL SEASON BYE WOLVES FRIENDS AND NIGGET FANS
Slurm Soda::bye
TubbyTime334::The Association Nuggets Is A Good Show.
Slurm Soda::http://espn.go.com/nba/story/_/id/7860821/minnesota-timberwolves-coach-rick-adelman-plans-input-busy-offseason
XxLeprechaunxX::and that was before the game too
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::Best thing that could happen for the wolves. Anyone but kahn calling the shots.
Tatted up Nuggets fanatic::Anyone else notice how overrated Rudy Gay is in NBA 2k12?
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::Nope. He's a beast in real life too.
XxLeprechaunxX::hahaha i got real good at that game with stephen Curry.  All i do is go down the court and take mid-range fadeaways and he basically doesnt miss lol,  games hilarious
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::That sounds about right. GAY LOVE TIMBERWOLVES 2013
Tatted up Nuggets fanatic::This guy i just played would do nothing but Run around with him then dunk on five of my guys and he had 50 points with him
XxLeprechaunxX::This game ended in a very strange way, Timofey Mozgov got the wind knocked out of him or something, and was crumpled on the ground as time expired lol
XxLeprechaunxX::It looked hilarious too cause no one stopped playing basically and then time expired and everyone just walked away
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::Must have been scary for Nuggs fans.
Slurm Soda::He made it look like he just broke his leg
Tatted up Nuggets fanatic::If Vikings had AP whole year I would say 7-9 or  8-8
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::I really doubt it. Not in our division, with no o-line to protect ponder or make holes for AP to run through and what will still probably be a weak secondary.
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::One man. We need an overhaul.
TubbyTime334::KALIL
THE AMAZING CHEF ONE LAST OORAH::I HOPE THE WILD GET SOLD TO A DIFFERENT STATE
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::GTFO.
THE AMAZING CHEF ONE LAST OORAH::THEY STOLE MY MONEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
