Ashcroft10::pacers had the home court disadvantage
kzwider::Kobe now knows who Jeremy Lin is haha what a $@%!$@ Kobe can be ...you guys see that interview? http://www.the-outfielder.com/2012/02/kobe-meets-jeremy-lin.html
grsshppr::They won another game.  5 in a row.  Oh wait.  They haven't had one game against a quality team yet.  Lin ate a pile of shiiiit tonight shooting 8-24.  Anybody can score 20 points off that many shots.  He will fizzle like a flat soda.  Sorry to bring this here Pacers/Nuggets fans, but this Lin  shhhit was old after game one.  FuuuQ him.
GobiasIndustry::under 60% from the line too. 6 turnovers
tyrekeisabeastkobenot::8 for 24 not bad when u have kobe shooting 8 for 40 in some games lol
jayeteee::You sound like a hater. The kid has done some good things, give him credit for that.
PlayerPresident1::really dude???? did you realize this wasn't a knicks board?  you ridin lin's nuts that hard, ey.
JustineS04::Wow, I have tremendous respect for Corey Brewer. What an effort.
Madhouse_United::Nuggets can be a contender in the West. Wouldn't be surprised if they made it out of the West.
iownamicrowave::It's funny to see Bulls fans here.  The Pacers have lost 3 in a row to good teams.  The bulls have hardly played any good teams.  The good teams they have played, they have lost.  It's easy to have a good record when you play a $@%!$@%!$ schedule. Pretty uneducated comments, but it's expected I guess.
iownamicrowave::so how many bad teams have they played... 2nd easiest schedule so far.  Not saying the Bulls suck, but their fans coming on here bashing on the Pacers when the bulls schedule has been a cake walk.
mccoywajmu::good teams the bulls have beaten atlanta LA (on the road) clippers (on the road) memphis boston (on the road).....good teams we ve lost to..atlanta on the road pacers at home without deng and taj..heat on the road without deng and watson...memphis without rip and derrick on the road. phila without rip or deng
denuggetz3::good win about time brewer lawson and afflalo really stepped up this game arron is starting to find his groove again
jorwiz23::Inspired basketball from Corey Brewer after a tough week for him..He brought a lot of much needed energy for the Nuggets and was a huge key to the win.  Once the Nugs get Gallo, Mozzy, and Wilson Chandler back we are going to be tough to beat in any 7 game series...Not to mention Aaron Afflalo is getting his feet under him
Morado2313::they got rid of demarre carroll to make space for wilson
ssiler1984::karl does suck with his usage of this deep team, he always has......thats why he was the coach of the first ever 1 seed to lose to number 8 lol
Pepiope::Stone should be the one who gets moved when we sign Chandler..
PhiBuffa::Yeah, I was particularly happy to see Brewer have such a good game.  Good for him.    If the Nuggets re-sign Chandler won't they have to get rid of someone?  I hope the Nuggets move some combination of Birdman/Miller/Rudy by the break and get a pick, a wide body and a reliable shooter.  Dare to dream, but I like the way both Moz and K2 are playing.  When it comes down to it, the one thing holding the Nuggets back may be Karl and his weird rotations and award of paying time.  If Karl were to loosen up, do his Popovich impression and give more minutes to K2, Faried...and maybe even Stone and JHam, this team could do some damage.  He has to quit doing weird things like leaving Miller in on defense at the end of the game, where Miller's slowness really hurts the Nuggets.
diehardnr1::Did Nene get hurt?
PhiBuffa::Yes, but unsure how badly.
diehardnr1::Maybe Nuggz can play all of their games on the road....and vs the East  Other than that.....Finally!!  GO NUGGETS!!!
Denverboi93::The Eastern Conference= The Denver Nuggets' bit.ch.
Madhouse_United::Thanks Nuggets. Good Stuff.
BRDenverFan626::Only 14 assists for the nuggets, nobody had more than 4. Not a good sign.
ScalabrineSwag::Pacer stink. Wait until you guys play a HEALTHY bulls team. You're gonna get pounded!!!
iownamicrowave::so?  You beat the bobcats by 30....
iownamicrowave::Who have the Bulls played?  must be niced to be babied.... playing the hornets and bobcats every night.
PlayerPresident1::if the pacers have played the least home games, the bulls have played the most road games.  go look.    so what are you trying to say?
iownamicrowave::Right, but it also makes it a lot easier to have a great record. I'm not saying the Bulls aren't the favorites. My experience with bulls fans has been anything but positive, henceforth my rant.
joshuaizme::Lol. Just wait until the playoffs. People said this last year, and even though it wasn't easy, they made it to the Eastern Conference Finals. The Pacers are a good team too, but the Bulls aren't losing any of these "cake," games at all, and like all analysts say, that is the sign of a good team.
iownamicrowave::The pacers have played the least home games in the nba.... when your roads games are in new orleans they aren't that hard to win.  I am not saying the Bulls suck, but they definetly have an easier schedule.  and no, the schedules aren't equal in this condensed season.
joshuaizme::I just don't like people attacking teams because of schedules. Wait until the playoffs and if they get knocked out before the West finals, then you can talk all you want about that. When a team I hate has a "cake," schedule, I don't use that as an excuse for their record.  Also keep in mind how many road games they have played. That is overlooked. Especially with all their injuries and the condensed schedule.
joshuaizme::Even if that is what you believe, they are beating these "cake," teams by 30 plus points at times.
iownamicrowave::no go to strength of schedule.... bulls have one of the easiest....  I know the Bulls are good but there schedule has been cake  http://espn.go.com/nba/stats/rpi/_/sort/SOS    bulls are ranked 29.... which means they have the 2nd easiest schedule so far in the nba.
joshuaizme::It's actually quite impressive what they've done with all their injuries this year. And they play the exact same teams that all the other NBA teams play. There aren't many "Good," teams these days anyways. Just 3 great teams, and a bunch of "Young, rising," teams, and then a bunch of "Terrible teams."  The Bulls almost beat the Heat while Rose played injured, without Deng (an all-star) and without another key player.  And they aren't just barely beating these bad teams, they are destroying them even without Rose at times. Learn to admit when a team you hate is good. I hate the Heat (like everyone else) but I admit they are scary. It really is ridiculous how idiotic haters of teams with winning records can be at times.  http://espn.go.com/nba/stats/rpi This website says they  have had the 5th hardest schedule.
thexdiamond::is that you rose?  still haven't forgotten about the loss in your house, it seems.
PlayerPresident1::exactly.  they got giddy when they lucked up and got a win against the bulls.  ha!
KingGeorge53::Dang.     What happened to the Pacers?     That ship seems to be sinking.
PlayerPresident1::just a simple case of them being OVERRATED.  that's all.  they're not sinking....they're just coming back to reality.
joshuaizme::They're not bad either. Just with all the great teams that have been dominating years past, Lakers, Celtics, Spurs, Mavericks, etc. getting older and worse, there a bunch of young talented teams like the Pacers learning how to win consistently. I'm a Bulls fan and I admit they are a good team and will likely be challenging the Bulls for the division next season or even this season.
Morado2313::Everytime Brewer scored I was like 'your dad's proud of you!' great win nuggets!
soloartist11::So the Nuggets used to have arguably the best home court advantage in the league...WTF HAPPENED?
IrishBCS11::Pacers don't have one key player that can be linked to their recent struggle that is the injury to George Hill. The Pacers losses have come to teams with Multiple  quality guards. The Pacers right now have two quality guards Collison and George. We lost to Atlanta Joe Johnson, Kirk Hinrich and Teague. Memphis OJ Mayo, Mike Conley. Denver Afflalo, Lawson, Brewer. We will beat Miami. When we need a win we will get it and everyone will forget these losses. Hibbert will come out with intensity and destroy Anthony
t-roy_jenkins::you will beat miami? miami whooped the pacers as.s by 30 last month...
Heiroglyphic::Great win. When Arron and Ty both have 20+ point games, the Nuggets are unstoppable. They have the potential to be a lethal 1-2 combination. Glad to see Manimal finally getting some meaningful minutes, even though it's because of the injuries. Did you see him get that offensive rebound with 3 Pacers draped over him? The guy is a beast. I'm glad the Nuggets took care of business against a formidable Pacers team and stopped their slide. Now if only we could win games at home...
MileHighSlade::Who Manimal?
Eric6203::Don't whine about how much Nene is getting paid.  The Nuggets could have got Nene cheaper but they waited to sign and him and ended up negotiating from a point of desperation.
broncosroxnuggs::Andre Miller is awful .Package him,nene and harrington to get SOMEBODY THATS A TOUGHT VET PLEASE
JPGoody::Nene is soft like my Sat. morning stool.
MileHighSlade::funny
JPGoody::Is it just me or is Nene the most overpaid center in the game?
gbanks2010::Refs were calling BS against the nuggets and Indy still lost.
stompy33::What are you talking about buddy?
Slurm Soda::He isn't a center
JPGoody::Whatever you want to call it, I'm pretty sure he could carry a dozen eggs on a vest and not break any by the time game ends.
gbanks2010::Overrated just like the pacers are
gbanks2010::Indy will be 10 or eleven behind the bulls at the end of march
gbanks2010::Come March indy will have 8 or 9 more losses. They are overrated as hell
jayeteee::Karl kept calling time out at the end of the game so the Pacers could get back in it, and possibly win, but they(Pacers) weren't biting. :)
baseball242515::appearently not the nuggets
jorwiz23::Horrible Andre Miller? Come on man 'Dre has been huge this season..don't know what ind of basketball you have been watching bro
broncosroxnuggs::naw he left HORRIBLE ANDRE MILLER IN THE GAME .Thats why the pacers got back into it
Slurm Soda::Karl is part of some conspiracy..... its obvious.
jayeteee::It's called 'recycling.'
NGplayinskillz::Indiana needs to throw the bank at Eric Gordon during the offseason. They desperately need a superstar and a consistent offensive Scoring threat if they ever wanna get close to a championship.
gbanks2010::Granger a one trick pony
Michael70532::Granger is their star
indy500fans::Not any more.  Big Roy is.  Just ask the Area 55 fans.
AuthenticProphetic::Danny Granger's not a scoring threat?
Slurm Soda::Not this year
indy500fans::AND he is from Indy.
DannyMejia15::What Happened to Nene?  Hurt his Vag
jayeteee::Good one.
indy500fans::You guys wanted Nene to get hurt.  Are you happy, or sad now?
MileHighSlade::Wow.  Lot of Nene haters.
AuthenticProphetic::The guy sucks. Period. He's about as overrated as they come.
274Kelvin::wtf guys? We are all banged up and ur happy we lost our starting PF?
stompy33::O, and free throws
stompy33::Ummm, the dude is as soft as they come. I would rather AAA, Lawson, Brewer score and start Faried for defensive and rebounding purposes than have Nene twirl in the lane and miss finger rolls.
DannyMejia15::Happy :)
Eric6203::Denver should have signed him earlier and the price would have been cheaper.  The Nuggets waited and they paid the price.
Slurm Soda::For the price yes
AuthenticProphetic::Yes.
indy500fans::Were you all mad when he re-signed during the off season?
AuthenticProphetic::Happy.
stompy33::HAPPY!
Eric6203::The Nuggets needed what Bird use to bring before he got old.  Cory Brewer had the energy and hustle to get the Nuggets going.  Manimal needs to show more hustle during the game.  He needs to rebound,rebound, play defense and rebound some more.   That is all we need from him to do when he comes in the game.
Eric6203::U should watch the game and not just the highlights.
Eric6203::U got it, he does not play that much and he is young.   He should be running the floor every time.
stompy33::So if he doesn't sprint down court on a couple plays, he isn't dong his job?
Eric6203::I never said that I said he needs to hustle on every play when he is on the floor.
stompy33::Ok, you are right. Faried is a lazy pile of garbage. He needs to sit...
Eric6203::I see him jogging up the court on fast breaks.
stompy33::Which he generally does...
Eric6203::We wanted to see what he had.  He can only score on dunks so he needs to play like Dennis Rodman and hustle on every play to stay on the court.
stompy33::O you mean like I watch every game? Faried DEFINES hustle for this team, which is why every Nuggets fan called for him to be in the rotation.
stompy33::I think Eric is just making stuff up as he goes along
Michael70532::did u watch game man? Faried needs to develop in the post he is a zero offensive threat player
Eric6203::No Corey Brewer was showing hustle.  Manimal made some plays but he was not running the floor like Corey.  Manimal is only 22 he needs to give 100% effort when he is on the floor.
Michael70532::He did that tonight. He can develop some post moves and become a threat
Eric6203::We don't need him to score we just need him to rebound and play defense with energy.   Manimal is not a scorer.  Denver did not draft him to score points.  He may develop into a scorer one day.
stompy33::This guy is 28 games late to the party
kush manbear::nice to see the fans show up too bad the team didnt
indy500fans::Are you Cherokee?
DenverDiehard35::If Nuggets played in the east theyd have a better record than the Bulls, even with our injuries
indy500fans::LBJ cannot finish in the 4th quarter, and no one else is any good.
Michael70532::What makes you think Bulls will win the east?
mccoywajmu::and they havent played us
Michael70532::Bulls you will lose to heat again in the East Championship
mccoywajmu::here comes the random heat declarations
Michael70532::9-0 against the mighty east
mccoywajmu::Nope...
indy500fans::If any team in the West was in the East, they'd be better than the Bulls!
stompy33::I don't know about that
stompy33::Ahh, 10-4. Didn't know it was bait...
DenverDiehard35::lol i just wanna see what bulls fans say. theyre the most annoying fans. i go to skool in illinois, 2 years ago no one cared bout the bulls youd have to look hard to find a bulls fan. now everyone says theyve been a fan for years
THEOCHO88888::the west has won 10 of past 13 championships....no lebron wont change that anytime soon
Peteygack::Kobe has five rings and no one will ever mistake him for MJ. LeBron will get his rings, no way he is mentioned in the same breath as Mike, but he's kind of a hybrid Magic and Michael that we may never see again, so if he ever gets his head on straight, just enjoy him for what he is and don't define him for what he is not.
indy500fans::God, I hope he never wins a championship.  As a lifelong Pacer Fan, I KNOW Jordan was the best ever.  I don't want L.B.J. to ever be mentioned in the same breath as M.J.
NGplayinskillz::Pacers NEED to beat the Miami Heat on Tuesday. They can not afford to drop 4 straight games.
mitchl847::They won't catch the Bulls.
luvdanugs::have you seen the rest of the east??? They could loose 10 straight and still be fine...
mccoywajmu::they can afford it...
Michael70532::too bad they won't hahaha
Nuggets-Wilson Chandler::what happen to nene?
gary wheatley::hey stompy33.  be cool about talking about nene and one testical.  Remember he had cancer and beat it and is able to get on with his life.  this is one subject that is not very funny to talk like that.  Granted, he is struggling but basketball is last compared to cancer and living
stompy33::Better yet, someone made fun of him for having one testicle and his feelings were hurt
LASPORTSFAN.............96::Hurt His Vag
stompy33::He got sand in his vag
npersonett::any word on nene how bad???
indy500fans::I mean, you got what you asked for!
indy500fans::I thought you all wanted him to get hurt early this game!
soloartist11::Nene was aggressive tonight! I wish he would play like that all the time....Still pissed he misses the easiest layups
luvdanugs::Well the entire team has missed enough open layups and threes to win a whole seperate game
stompy33::That signing is looking worse and worse every game
soloartist11::I know.....I know lol
luvdanugs::Huge fan of how ty stayed aggressive and added that little pull up move to his game.
stompy33::THIS
DenverDiehard35::The people across the nation will see the Nuggets record after this week and drop them in their rankings, but after getting one of our core guys back we have a good win on the road. Nuggets fans know better, this team will get healthy and be a top 4 team in the west. Oh ya, 9-0 against the east. Go Nuggs!
mccoywajmu::who cares about power rankings
DenverDiehard35::people
soloartist11::When the Nuggets were down big I was honestly thinking that they couldn't get out of it.....Old Nuggets play brought us back!
crown_me_king1::I love to see the sadness on the face of Pacers fans
indy500fans::Yea, the $5.00 they shell out on tickets puts them out so much.  If it wasn't for $5.00 tickets, they would have about 100 fans in the stands.
Tim Chodzin::How the heck do the Pacers struggle so much with attendance? So many empty seats, and they have a solid team.
indy500fans::Wearing Heat uniforms.
Tim Chodzin::The bandwagon is everywhere!
NGplayinskillz::Trust me there will be a ton of fans at Bankers Life on Tuesday to watch the Miami Heat Pacers matchup.
nlijones::Hahhahha
NGplayinskillz::Who on the Denver nuggets is worth coming to see?
indy500fans::Who are they? Seriously, yea.  NBA TV guys talk about him all the time.
mccoywajmu::lol 6th man of the year.....lou williams? james harden?
indy500fans::Totally.  He brings a spark off the bench... He is from Indy, and puts a**es in the stands.  We love him.  He was on his way to be 6th man of the year!
mccoywajmu::not having george hill is the reason you are on a losing streak?
indy500fans::And are on their longest losing streak of the year.  We don;t trust the Pacers yet.  Once Hill comes back, they will be alright.
Tim Chodzin::I mean, they are 17-10.
soloartist11::Going to the Pepsi Center is a great experience....it's like 8/10 fans is screaming the entire time. And getting to see the MANIMAL dunk is unreal...
mccoywajmu::because people want to spend 100 bucks go see danny granger...#sarcasm
indy500fans::Who on the Pacers are worth coming to see?  -Lifelong Pacer Fan
Tim Chodzin::You come to see the home team, not the visitors.
soloartist11::So the Nuggets are 8-0 against the East now? I wish we could play the East all the time lol
BSU is not a real school::Harrington went 4-18
indy500fans::Al Harrington in the role of Danny Granger tonight.
stompy33::He needs to stop shooting. Been saying it for 10 games
stompy33::I can understand 10, 11, 12 shots off the bench, but 18 is LUDICROUS
soloartist11::Straight up...I was all right with it when the shots were dropping. He is still a beast off pick and roll and pick and pop though
GerardoE303::good gam pacers good luck the rest of the way ;-), and nice bouce back win nuggets!!!!
stompy33::Feeling a GIGANTIC sense of relief
AGon334::Good job, Nuggets! Much needed win.
indy500fans::Like I said before...Pacers get up for the good teams, and seem to overlook the .500 teams.  That is inexperience for you.
jorwiz23::Man indy500fans you are an idiot..don't comment on basketball when your favorite sports is watching drivers turn left
Michael70532::We are without our best player in Gallo, don't have Mozgov and Nene went out um pretty sure Pacers shoulda won da game
SamBeyer17::the nuggest are btter then .500 qnd dont call them not a good team
luvdanugs::Thats a close out game...well done
DannyMejia15::Pacers I'll be rooting for you guys against the Heat. Good Job
LASPORTSFAN.............96::UGHHH.
