danav13::what happened to AI? Lol! that guy is a fraud. So glad he is not in philly.
GrizTitan::Next up......Memphis.
Texicano10::Hey Colorado people is weed really legal for y'all now?
FIRE GEORGE KARL::not yet
numberounofightingirish::I have bet with a system called Sportsbettingstar. Since I started I make roughly $3,000 a month in profit by following this systems picks. You can find this system on the 1st page of Google by searching the words Sports Betting System
diehardnr1::Oh well....GO BRONCOS!!!
demarcus82::We shall never have both
diehardnr1::not until Nuggets get a new coach and a legit go-to shooter....maybe 2014-15?
Ty Lawson .::GK really needs to think about playing Randolph.
demarcus82::Tired of talent just sitting get more and more frustrating the more i watch
diehardnr1::you could have left off the "...about playing Randolph" part and still been correct...
THEDENVERNUGGETDYNASTY::Seriously if I hear one more member of the media suck up to GK and call him a great coach I might punch my TV screen
THEDENVERNUGGETDYNASTY::sounds good for him!
diehardnr1::I might say he is one of the best plyer development coaches and has a spot in the League....The D League!
demarcus82::FEED UP NUGGS fan here
demarcus82::GK is just to dam.n cocky and i hate that man dam  it doesnt hurt 2 play your good if not best player on your team dam.n you can kiss Melo a.ss but you cant even play the players that give you the best chance 2 win
THEDENVERNUGGETDYNASTY::FIRE GEORGE KARL.  What a joke of a coach my lordie
diehardnr1::this wave of Karl hate will warm jayetees heart I am sure... Keep him as a training coach and away from any games...
diehardnr1::Ty, Faried, McGee, AI, JHam...  Sounds like a good base to me...anyone else expendable imo
THEDENVERNUGGETDYNASTY::Id say fournier is untouchable too. I think that kid is special
diehardnr1::agreed
demarcus82::I agree but you cant just let talent sit on the bench just to prove a point
diehardnr1::GK has done it for years...I am afraid that JaVale is turning into Karls new JR
demarcus82::I agree no koufos and brewer those guys suck
diehardnr1::KK is a solid off-the-bench type that does his job...maybe keep him for that role... Brewer just needs to stop being a major part of the offense...he is great  when Nuggets are fast breaking...and thats about it if his 3 isn't falling
diehardnr1::Hint to Kroenke and Uriji;  You can bring all the talent in the world here BUT if you give it to a coach that does not know what to do with it on game nights...then the one and dones will continue ad infinitum.
demarcus82::And that lead to our team having no 3 point shooter dam.n GK really
THEDENVERNUGGETDYNASTY::Karl is terrible.  He doesnt know what to do on offense so he just says "run" and he doesnt know what to do on D so he just says "switch everything" ... spoken like a true idiot
demarcus82::Hell im still pissed about the j.r and a.hal release
diehardnr1::JR and Karl could no longer co-exist sadly...  Big AL would have helped this year...in leadership if nothing else... this team needs a HUGE dose of that!
diehardnr1::George Must Go!  I have tried to be positive about this team...despite glaring reasons NOT to.  Not sure what GK is going for with the offensive scheme...as  I recognize none they have shown.    They do not set picks...they do not even really appear to be trying to...a half step in the defenders direction before cutting...is NOT a screen!!!!!!!!  Hard to run a PandR with no P...    And this team just cannot shoot to save its life... 3s...open  jumpers, lay-ups, FTs...no matter what they try...these Nuggets are equal opportunity clunkers.The biggest disappointment has been the constant turnovers though....they are starting to look like the Keystone Kops out there. While ALL of this I blame on Karl, the players have to step up their game...new and old faces...   Gallo needs to sit and heal (maybe in DLeague??) Ty needs to WAKE THE F UP!  Without his blazing speed drive and dish he is just an undersized  PG AI...Just needs to play his role...GK asking too  much too soon Brewer just needs to chillax sometimes...dudes too hyper in the half-court Mozy needs to get 100% and grow some hands,,,KK and JMG and Faried all  get passes for now...The Bigs problem is all on Karl imho.  Not that GK is ALL bad....he is a great training and teaching coach...he is a HORRIBLE game coach though...one of the worst I have seen lately.  This problem can be seen in his playoffs record overall...ex: losing to 8 seed nuggs with 1 seed...and with the Nuggets...only past the first round  once  Sorry...but time to go...Can Nuggets have Co-Coaches? Hire a good game coach and keep Karl making decisions on practice court instead of when it counts...   sigh...smh...  GO NUGGETS!!!
demarcus82::what do he see in koufos and brewer?
bmosheman::This is a nuggets team that was #2 in the west in wins last season until injuries took them down. What's the story now, GK?
bulls32032::Time for Karl to give McGee more minutes
THEDENVERNUGGETDYNASTY::time for karl to GO
jayeteee::He got more tonight than Koufos and Mozgov, but those two looked bad.
Kamikazi02::I save money by not renewing my NBA package... NBA is such a loser.
mcook813::Way past time to get rid of Karl.
Lavender5226::Even Timmy hit a 3?  The only thing that would have upset me even more about missing this game is if Blair stepped back and knocked one down.  Really hope a game like this can get Manu going like his old self again and get us a big win on Monday.
NBAnuggets420::Teams Know how to play the nuggets know, just stop fastbreak and that's it. Karl has no plays under he sleeve. Also we got NO 3 point shooters. Gonna be a LONG season if we don't get our $@%! together
SwiftyClown::Sill no big man.....we'll play good until the playoffs. Same ol' same ol'
txbball15::why are the spurs so DAMN good??
Maverick_5::Best coach in the game, and a front office that is top 3 at worst.  This is coming from a Mavericks fan.
Fusiontron::Wow Spurs were money on the 3-ball tonight.
tomBabauts::Love George Karl. But I think it's time for  the Nuggets to let him go.   Van Gundy brothers are available right?
charlie hustle bets the over::^^^this
SPURZWARZ1.0::Hard to believe George Karl once played for Spurs!
bamberg1977::I think the reason everyone blames Karl is because Nugs fans really overrate their talent. This is a team of solid to good players. Faried and Iggy are guys you can win championships with, but they're not going to win you championships.
tomBabauts::No All stars? Iguodala and Lawson?
gt1master_ike::Lawson not an all star. Iggy is not really an all star caliber player either.
gt1master_ike::Yea, they have a good group of above average players who play hard. No all stars though. You need THAT bonafide baller to get a ring unless you are Detroit with a defense well ahead of its time.
manoocena::Finally we got some goddamn 3s to fall.....
SPURZWARZ1.0::Oregan &amp; Stanford tied 14 each, with less than 2 minutes!
wristedhip::Apparently, as Ty Lawson goes, so go the Nuggets. Is it his team? Seems he's the focus.   Also, how can they be such a bad FT shooting team?
ryanspradlin::They have these stretches where Karl tries a bunch of lineups to see who plays well together. I kind of understand him doing it this year with 17 of the first 23 games on the road and against mostly good teams. He's just breaking them down like every year so he can get them into a rhythm. It's frustrating to see them get worked like they did tonight but it pays off over the stretch of the season. I've seen the same thing the last 2-3 seasons.
xmrsmirnoff::this game is rigged oregon will win but by less then 7 +21 stanford has been rigged in im calling the police
152Dean::without leonard playing?!!
SPURZWARZ1.0::Oregon leads Standord 14 to 7 in the fourth! Stanford driving!
kobe built the staples center with his bricks::<b>"George Karl is a crap-azzzz coach."  - Norv Turner</b>
gt1master_ike::The Nuggets are just bad. Its that simple.
jayeteee::Kinda' like the Hornets.
gt1master_ike::I agree, the Hornets are bad.
dogs::The Hornets are relying on Rookies. What do you expect?
ImOldschool1964::You can always tell when a team has been irrelevant for a long time...when they finally put some wins together their fanbase gets cocky as hell.....as in the NY Knickerbockers
ImOldschool1964::It is.....lol
SPURZWARZ1.0::Knickerbocker is such a wussy name!
SPURZWARZ1.0::I hope Spurs shoot this well on Monday!
diveguru40::Hey George, Call Hakeem and ask HIM who should be starting at the C position! Get a clue!
jack jackson.::<b>Well at least my Spurs won today before Phillip Rivers por.nstache jinxes my Chargers into another loss :(</b>
dogs::Nuggets fans blame the coach too much and not the players. Reminds me of Laker fans,
jayeteee::T-Wolves fans remind me of idiots, they make comments about things they know nothing about.
dogs::Where did I mention to put all the blame on the players?
jayeteee::And that's all on the players? LOL. Maybe, just maybe, they have a coach that is clueless when it comes to match ups and thinks x's and o's are only relevant when playing tic tac toe.
dogs::Oh please I watch the nuggets. They don't execute!
jayeteee::Nuggets have no game plan and they can't win a time out to save their lives. Other than that they're very well coached.
SPURZWARZ1.0::Knicks 11 likes to make Spurs' fans mad! No sh it Sherlock!
knicks_11::u know wat feels good. ?? making Spurs Fans mad.   that shows you how well we have done to make them mad.   Ny!
ImOldschool1964::You can always tell when a team has been irrelevant for a long time...when they finally put some wins together their fanbase gets cocky as hell.....as in the NY Knickerbockers
Txboy12345::Normally it's the people who you are trying to troll are the ones laughing at your idiotic comments and such.
Ty Lawson .::Well good game Spurs fans! Hopefully we will have a new coach the next time we play you guys.
txbball15::you're crazy. george karl is the reason denver still has a team
SPURZWARZ1.0::NY has so many trolls, that a Knicks game looks more like a "Lord of the Rings" convention!
ImOldschool1964::Post of the night!
OKCBernie::Will Ginobili play more than 30 games this year??
jack jackson.::yah. Will Westbrook have 30,000 bricks this year?
Txboy12345::without a doubt yes
Kamikazi02::At least i have the broncos to look forward to... Hahahaha
LHICHAOUI1::broncos gonna choke...
jack jackson.:::(
Ty Lawson .::If the Statue of Liberty was a person, it would have already moved to somewhere else.   FACT
SPURZWARZ1.0::New Jersey
Ty Lawson .::then it would be orange
SPURZWARZ1.0::What do you call a NY Knick troll?   Answer: Normal
richfinshu2::7-8 3 point shooting for the Spurs in the 4th....I had a 4 team parlay 1500 to win 15,000, the other 3 won, I lost Den 2nd half (pk) by 6 points because they hit 7 of 8 4th quarter 3s.....good God
thegetawaytx::We don't always let the other team score 100 points, but when we do, we win by 26.  -Spurs  GO SPURS GO!
Morado2313::what do you call a good looking person in Oklahoma? a tourist
jack jackson.::lol oklahoma don't get no tourists!
slam_dunk_on_u.::Hahaha
knicks_11::wooo.. 100 points  atleast we did something People said that we wud.   lolol
Ryanfrankbraungore::shut up man.
jack jackson.::i thought u killed yourself already? Oh wait the Nuggets haven't lost their first round playoff series to Boston yet.
knicks_11::still lost. 6-1 mofo!!
