Joe Brett::Gotta Love Kyle Singler's return to the home state. Oregon high school fans will get the pun!
Tyler Moss::As a Trailblazers fan, I am excited to see this brand new Pistons team. Should be a fun one. Really excited to see Lamarcus and Monroe go at it
Tyler Moss::But Go Blazers! Hold down home court!
John Tedesco::Thank you Tyler, we are excited about this Piston team as well. I thought Portland would take a step back this year w/ the West getting better, but they're proving me wrong! Should be a good one tonight.
Samuel L. Dennis III::Why is Brandon Jennings taking 24 shots?!!!!!  Not a good look, if Detroit wants to win.
Lukas Knepfel::lol and he'll be averaging around that many shots a game for the year, just like he did in Milwaukee. Why do you think they let him go? Unless he learns to be less selfish, he'll never play for a winning team. He thinks he's AI, but he's far from it.
Andrew Gregory Kragt::Need a win D-town.  All 3 losses were close to good teams, but we have to start pulling some of those out.  Can't just beat up on the bad teams.
Nick Giordano::nba is so rigged, of course blazers cover the spread by 1 freakin point
Nick Campbell::If you watched the game... You would realize that rigging that score was not possible. The officiating was precise, and excruciatingly so, the Blazers were really trying to defend that late push but shots just started falling for the Pistons (or Jennings rather), and the only thing in the end that may have suggested someone "Toying with spread" was a Piston trying to get the ball with the clock winding down from a rebound that clearly ended the game.
Rilwan Ameen::WHY ISNT KCP getting any burn???
Geoff Starling::The stuckster is going to kill us this season. Non-shooting ball stopper playing SG next to 3 ball dominant PG's, brilliant cheeks. I swear KCP would be our best perimeter defender by mid-season too. Just brutal watching Smith and Stuckey shooting our J's. Smith could easily be getting 30 mpg at PF and Stuckey just needs to go... or replace bynum as the back up PG.
Spencer Cleland::Rip City baby! Lets go blazers
Matt Johnson::RIP City Baby go Blazers
Geoff Starling::The stuckster is going to kill us this season. Non-shooting ball stopper playing SG next to 3 ball dominant PG's, brilliant cheeks. I swear KCP would be our best perimeter defender by mid-season too. Just brutal watching Smith and Stuckey shooting our J's. Smith could easily be getting 30 mpg at PF and Stuckey just needs to go... or replace bynum as the back up PG. I'd take Stuckey and Singler out of the rotation all-together. Play Datome and KCP good minutes and keep Smith mostly in the bigs rotation after a few minutes in to this game. This instantly give us a good shooting, good defensive team and takes shots out of the hands of guys who cant shoot. Its now apparent as ever, Singlers not a natural shooter, love his intelligent game as a role player, but his lack of confident 3ball is going to kill his career)
Keith Bowers::Siva needs to be playing some defensive possessions also. Waste of potential fast break points.
Timothy J. Casey::Honestly, I think KCP is our best perimeter defender already. With a good amount of play time he could be one of our more reliable perimeter players on offense too by years end.
Geoff Starling::Drummond needs to be taught how to play D. He plays D by jumping, standing, then jumping. He was awful on D in the first half. Who is coaching him? He certainly isn't playing D like Sheed. He never moves his feet . All he needs to focus on is moving his feet and getting a hand in the way of the release point, and absorb contact when he feels it coming to avoid the foul. He leaves his feet way too often and its killing any presence he could have. Guess what, if you're jumping half way between the shooter and the basket, he has a free release, these are NBA players, not children, your jumping ability isn't intimidating them. If he just slid out towards the shooter with his hand bothering the release he'd be way more effective, and then if the guy drove or passed he'd be glued to the ground and able to react... not too mention box out.
Keith Bowers::Drummond learned defense from Calhoun...in other words, he didn't. Siva learned defense from Pitino, which means he needs to be playing SOME instead of NONE.
Geoff Starling::Both teams obviously played bad D. And both teams shot well, but my god did the Blazers make jumpers. Wow, they were on fire. I've already been frustrated this season with all the help and rotations on 3 pt shooters, we need to stay home and never do. Especially early in games when everyone is rested and relaxed on their home floor, you cant give shooters shots, thats when they go in. Stay home Cheeks!
Greg Phillips::I love my Pistons, but they will not win until they get someone who can shoot at the guard position.  Jennings was a horrible pick up.  Stuckey can't and never will shoot with a good percentage.   Give Pope a shot and have Jennings sit on the bench.  Front line is fine.
Keith Bowers::At least, if they MUST have a PG that can't shoot, they should have someone who can play defense. Siva isn't any worse a shooter than Jennings, but is MUCH better on defense.
Timothy J. Casey::I'd rather see both Jennings and Pope starting, but Jennings has to learn how to pace himself offensively. He's not effiicient enough a scorer for him to be shooting how much he does from night to night. Even tonight, he took a lot of shots in order to get his 28 points tonight.
Paul Voelz::I hope the Pistons can use this road trip to build on chemistry, they need it. Toughen up defensively and mentally, and couple road wins will be good for them..
Eric Bell::At least the Pistons have never made it easy for a team to beat them.
Andrew Gregory Kragt::Pistons D is horrendous.  Pissin' me off.
Keith Bowers::That's because Mo hasn't used Siva yet.
Daniel Quinn::Let's go Pistons!!!
Don Layton::Where you going?
Andrew Gregory Kragt::Don't be a douche Donald.
Jeffrey Muhr::Andrew Gregory Kragt Just mention Stanford and that will shut him up.
Geoff Starling::Who coaches Drummond? I could make him a better defender in about 5 mins. He hesitates to gather and make a big leap on every shot. All he has to do is slide his feet towards the shooter with his hand out and he'd bother the shot, instead he might as well not even be on the floor. Really? Someone coaches him? He bites on every shot and has no idea what he's doing. He was so much better under Frank last year. \His game is nothing like Sheeds, I wish he defended like sheed, but thats not being taught..
Geoff Starling::Frank knew what he was doing with Drummond and he got no credit. Drummond was night and day from Uconn and its because Frank knew what Drummond needed to focus on, simple basketball things like timing and using his body. He was so much better at finishing, and so aggressive getting the ball to the back of the rim and attacking to score. Now he's thinking about moves and its a complete failure. He was also playing a lot better D.
Curtis Powelson::Blazers simply awful defending in the paint..say what you want about the Balzers being a playoff team, but until you can defend in the paint...#8 seed and out at best...what is going to happen when they start playing better teams...they better figure it out...the L Train can score..but put a body on somebody plz..!!
Cory Nope::Id just like to thank Chuck Smith, Chuck Jennings, and Chuck Billups for ONLY chucking up seven three point attempts tonight. Kudos to Billups for not attempting anything beyond the arc. Theres no way that the Pistons make the playoffs without an efficient three point threat on the wing.
Justin Taslak::blazers need to be passin to Wes more, his lack of touches is killing my fantasy team. Dude is averaging like 18 ppg too and has only missed 1 shot all night...c'mon Lillard, a true PG would be pissed with 3 assists through 3 quarters.
Jeffrey Muhr::Blazers pulling away in the fourth, not a surprise for the home team when the visitors are playing with little toughness and D... In time, Drummond is going to be a monster though. He's cleaning up on the boards and inside.
Varun Gadiraju::He's gonna be good. Really good.
Jeffrey Muhr::I am not going to whine at all. It's not easy for east teams to win on the Blazers floor. The Pistons needed better defense, but they fought hard. The team is going to continue to improve -- look for them to have a winning streak soon.
Nick Campbell::Why are my comments always deleted! I have not said anything bad! At ALL!? What is your problem ESPN!? Don't like a Northwest Sports fan posting normal comments!?
Mike Newman::I noticed the same thing on a Seahawks board the other day. Refresh the page and all of a sudden its gone. What's the deal ESPN?
Nick Campbell::Mike Newman How many posts does this page say it has? Mine says there are only 78 posts.
Brent B Jacoby::kcp has to play....some one has to be the 3 and d guy...we have no three point shooters who can defend. please bench singler...he is not nba defensive material
