Gator_Rican::Donde esta trash talking Laker Hating El Pollo Loco.???  First he said laker would go 0-8, then 1-7, what now Pollo 2-6 or are you missing!!
Pensacola5472::Wouldn’t it be a kick in the a$$ if the jazz and lakers went into the last game with the same record, tied for the 8th spot, and the Griz just sat their starters, having nothing to gain or lose with a win or loss!
Ceequel91::did dwight constantly have foul trouble issues when playing in orlando? just curious because i never paid attention to any magics games.
SandyBeachesinla::Refs have been picking on him ever since he has been playing with Lakers
Joey White25::If pringle man would let kobe play his game they would win. Phil Jackson use to sit back and let Kobe be Kobe, score 81 and win championships. The Lakers should run more isolation plays for Kobe where he can get one on one. He said it himself he's never lost a one on one game before even to McGrady in China.
Joey White25::You're just pissed that you don't have Kobe on your team.  I guarantee Kobe comes back next year and wins his 6th ring.
vman606::actually i DO have kobe on my team.
vman606::either you're trying to be funny and totally missing the mark or you know nothing about basketball.    it's probably both.
jeff050578::Does anyone think Kobe will pass Kareem in all time scoring? Does anyone think he is going to try? Or does he only care about passing Kobe?
NASH_10::He'll pass MJ next season at around game 30, and that will be it. Even if he decides to return for another year or 2, won't be enough to catch Malone or Jabbar. Plus the point will have been made: Kobe over MJ :)
Bill92264::He could play 10 more years, but Kobe will never pass Kobe!
sternshot44::reread that
vman606::as pete pranica just tweeted, the free throw attempt count in the last six grizz games vs. the lakers is 159-72. so all you laker-hating conspiracy theorists can shut the hell up. i'm talking to you too, bill simmons.
GoTigers2015::Wow, you're a moron, that tweet was about the Lakers advantage in free throws over the last 6 games, Lakers fans are so stupid
Kirby.Urbatsch::fouls on him you mean
vman606::Kirby.Urbatsch - You can have a semblance "towards", "Between", "at", and many others, attempting to pretend a grammatical rule is why you fail. It is to say a likeness towards one thing over another as in towards sense over nonsense. Seriously, your feign intelligence is regrettable.  wrong.. AGAIN. and your sentence structure needs work.
Kirby.Urbatsch::You can have a semblance "towards", "Between", "at", and many others, attempting to pretend a grammatical rule is why you fail. It is to say a likeness towards one thing over another as in towards sense over nonsense. Seriously, your feign intelligence is regrettable.
vman606::you can't have semblance "towards" something, only semblance "of" something. run, don't walk, back to school.
Kirby.Urbatsch::How you can even convince yourself that you're witty is a mystery. That last post didn't reveal any semblance towards sense.
vman606::perfect reading comprehension -- is that a joke? you can barely get out of your own way when you're posting. but whatever you need to tell yourself, i guess. stay in school.. you need it.
Kirby.Urbatsch::Actually, I have perfect reading comprehension which is why I said what I said. Work on the ambiguities within your syntax.
vman606::no. reading comprehension, young lady. work on it.
Kirby.Urbatsch::Tell that to the rest of the league when the Lakers opponents have the lowest free throw attempts rate of any team...they did last year and in 2011 too. Your team gets all the calls and the stats prove it so just face it. Picking 1 out of the 29 other teams that they don't get free throws against is flawed system designing only used to generate the appropriate result to match up with your own horrendously biased vision
vman606::you have no idea what you're talking about. just because dwight doesn't lead the league in FTs doesn't mean he doesn't get fouled a lot. and kobe has had so many non-calls this year (fouls that should be called but aren't) that it's not even funny. just stop this conspiracy BS. you sound like a moron.
Kirby.Urbatsch::Kobe and the rest of the Lakers left get all of the calls while nobody on the Lakers gets fouls called on them when they should...the math proves it so get over it because you have no logical argument here.
Kirby.Urbatsch::Dwight isn't even leading the league in free throw attempts so using him as a statistical basis to account for them being so far up in this category is not there. James Harden leads the league in free throw attempts, and they are still only 6th in attempts rate vs 7th in opponent free throw rate.
vman606::ever heard of hack a dwight? those fouls are intentional.
Kirby.Urbatsch::When both the vision test and the math match up to prove something, trying to discredit with simple dismissal is $@%!$@%!
Kirby.Urbatsch::Lakers free throw attempts rate .34 (2nd behind only OKC) vs an Opponent free throw attempts rate of .222 (first in the league for lowest) = by far the biggest difference between free throw attempts in the league...pure FACT. Calling mathematic facts untrue shows how much your blinders are on
vman606::not even close to being true.
16championshipsandcounting::grizz have doubled the lakers in freethrows,crazy
vman606::more than doubled.
16championshipsandcounting::incredable
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::I despise the Lakers but respect Kobe's game and his place in history.  And that Earl Clark block was a total BOSS move!!!!    As a Spurs fan, I don't want to play the Lakers in the 1st round only because there are easier match-ups but I still think the Spurs would beat the Lakers about 4-2.
vman606::if i were a spurs fan, i wouldn't want the lakers either. kobe usually gets the better of timmy when it counts.
vman606::well if you watched the games you would know that when the outcome hung in the balance, KOBE was the one who delivered the knock out blows with clutch play after clutch play vs. SAS. shaq, on the other hand, had to play 'hot potato' with the ball toward the end of close games because he sucked from the line and everyone knew it. if you don't like kobe, fine.. lots of people don't. but don't try to re-write history. respect the game.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::I don't need to look it up, I watched the games.  The box score might show Kobe with good numbers but Shaq opened up the offense because in his prime you had to double team him and he still averaged 35 and 15 in the post season.
vman606::don't kid yourself. during the shaq/kobe era, kobe was easily just as dominant -- if not more dominant -- than shaq vs. the spurs. in his career, kobe has absolutely shredded the spurs in the postseason. look it up if you don't believe me.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Only in 2008, the other times Shaq has been the Spurs killer.
sammygt63::I'm hoping as long as the Lakers hold onto 8th that we get the Spurs in the first round. Much better match-up for us than the athletic Thunder. But even as an LA fan I have no faith in this team with D'Antoni, so I agree with your prediction.  I hate Jim Buss... how do you pick D'Antoni over Phil? How???
sammygt63::We made it work with Gasol and Bynum. Granted we had Odom too, but Phil knew how to utilize two bigs together. So did the Spurs with Duncan and Robinson. I'd much rather have a better coach who can work with the players he has to get the best production out of them, rather than D'Antoni who needs certain players to fit his system. I'd rather switch coaches than trade Gasol, one of the best post players in the game, for a bunch of worse players who just fit a certain style
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::The Lakers really need to move Gasol this offseason.  The PF spot is getting much smaller and he and Howard are both centers.
16championshipsandcounting::i see the lakers as the most feared team in the league,reading all these crybabies reason why were in the hunt!
Kirby.Urbatsch::The reason you don't win is because of probability. The odds makers use math to steal your money. You know why you'd win a lot of money if you bet on the 25 -1 Lakers? Because it ain't going to happen, so their money is almost guaranteed.
vman606::"almost" guaranteed? you're making my point for me! thanks for playing...
Kirby.Urbatsch::Someone's just smarter than you and has a background with calculus
vman606::wrong.. again. i have bet on sports. i've both won and lost, just as everyone has. i do know lots of people who gamble -- some analyze it to death, some just go with their gut instinct. neither method is infallible. so as technical as the analysis you are doing might be, nothing is a guarantee. good luck to you, though. seems like you really enjoy what you're doing.
Kirby.Urbatsch::You've obviously never bet on sports.
vman606::why else -- so they can predict the future, of course!! haha.
Kirby.Urbatsch::Why do you think that ESPN insider thing you've got next your name (that you have to pay for) allows you to look up advanced statistical analysis of NBA teams and players, genius? Why do you think teams are using these statistics to develop their teams?
vman606::if you truly were intelligent, you would realize that the parallel between calculus and pro basketball is tenuous at best.   oh well.
Kirby.Urbatsch::lol that doesn't make any sense, but it was a good effort. Knowing probability can only tell you how unbelievably unlikely it is to win the lotto and not how to rig it. The only way to raise your likely hood of winning in that instance is to cheat...like the refs do for the Lakers so I guess it does apply haha
vman606::so go play the lotto and win big. what are you waiting for, professor?
Kirby.Urbatsch::The fact that you think the Lakers have a chance of most likely beating The Spurs, Thunder, and Heat all in the same playoffs without home court is kinda hilarious.
vman606::ooh, someone has a calculator and a thesaurus. therefore, the NBA should just hand out the larry o'brien trophy now. brilliant logic, poindexter. keep crunching those numbers.
Kirby.Urbatsch::The future can be assumed using the appropriate probability matrices.
vman606::keep thinking you can predict the future. that in itself provides me with more than enough mirth.
Kirby.Urbatsch::I'll laugh later too. It's an inevitability. When the Lakers either a) don't even make the playoffs or b) make them and lose stupendously, I'll be the guy laughing his $@% off.
vman606::laugh now. enjoy yourself.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::They are a tough 8th seed historically speaking but still an 8th seed.  But an 8 seed has won a series the last two years in a row although injuries played a significant role both times.
vman606::suck it up and deal. every team has injuries. shut up and play.
16championshipsandcounting::trolls stop being so scared of the lakers,they want 17 championsjps!!!!!!!!!!
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::The Thunder nor the Spurs are scared and that's all that really matters.  Either team will knock the Lakers out of the playoffs although it's a tough out for an 8 seed.
Wrecktified::Anyone who watches the NBA knows that the refs take the last possession off anyways.
vman606::true story.
vman606::the last play of last night's game could have been called either way. conley created as much contact as he received. refs let the players decide that outcome usually, and last night was no exception.
16championshipsandcounting::these trolls following us baby!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
16championshipsandcounting::these trolls following us baby!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
vman606::always.
GOAT_MJ::Lakers path to play-offs - <b> FACT: </b>  -	Portland – robbed, 3 times more free throws for Lakers -	Dallas robbed – Crucial CLEAR foul not called on Nowitcki in dying seconds  -	Minesota robbed blind, Rubio fouled CLEARLY by Kobe in last second when shooting 3 point – of course no foul -	Sacramento ROBBED BLIND all game; in last 30 seconds – PHANTOM free throws given to Kobe when NOBODY touched him, in last possession Howard fouls DeMarcus Cousins but of course no call  -	Memphis robbed yesterday, LAST possession by Memphis CLEAR foul by Howard on Mike Conley   NOT Called; second last possession – shooting foul for Memphis NOT called  Waiting for next victim to rob - To be continued……
16championshipsandcounting::get a life....fact!!!!!!!!!!!!!
GOAT_MJ::you are idiot - fact
vman606::you should go to dictionary.com and look up the word "fact".
vman606::Kirby.Urbatsch - the ladies love it...you should try it sometime  duly noted. thanks for the advice.
Kirby.Urbatsch::the ladies love it...you should try it sometime
vman606::Kirby.Urbatsch - I'm sorry that your mom touched you in the 7th grade..that's rough  there we go. right on cue. way to be creative and unpredictable.
Kirby.Urbatsch::I'm sorry that your mom touched you in the 7th grade..that's rough
vman606::Kirby.Urbatsch - You mean the last time you got any action  sure. when are the jokes about my mom gonna get posted? soon, i'm sure.
Kirby.Urbatsch::You mean the last time you got any action
vman606::Kirby.Urbatsch - ^you should go to dictionary.com and look up the word "virgin"  lol. i miss those jokes. after all, i did have fun in 7th grade.
Kirby.Urbatsch::^you should go to dictionary.com and look up the word "virgin"
Yadi is G.C.O.A.T.::Pete Pranica Free throw attempt count last six Grizz games vs. Lakers: 159-72. Nothing to see here........  everything is legit........  lol!
chitwnballer23::some of it has to do with hack-a-howard i'm sure -- i haven't witnessed all the games these teams have played together but to more than double the FTA in 6 games is kinda a red flag
16championshipsandcounting::agree 100 percent.howard shot 18 times in a game on the hack a shack
rex_coach::<b>I was told that there would be band wagon heat fans on this  board.  Is it true?</b>
lifan36::Lebron fans get no action in Heat board because there are no such thing as Heat fan, so they come and try to feel wanted at a Lakers board.
CaliforniaPurple::Kobe's Finals record even WITHOUT Shaq is STILL better than LeBronze! LOL! Kobe   2-1 even without Shaq LeBronze 1-2  FACT!
sammygt63::Well there's no excuse for the Heat not to be in the finals as I don't think I've ever seen a more pathetic 2-7 behind them in the playoffs. But no matter how many championships James wins, he left his team to join a super team, one of the most dominant teams ever. I'd be much more impressed and I think it would be way more meaningful if he won 1-2 championships with the Cavs then 3-4 with the Heat
Mambaholic 33::Not for long
Mambaholic 33::We talking about the season not an individuals few gms, try to follow
CaliforniaPurple::Well then Carmelo will win the title this year since he's playing the best right now as we speak. That is your logic I guess.
Mambaholic 33::Yes, recent behavior is a great measuring stick for future results
CaliforniaPurple::Your prediction means nothing.
rex_coach::<b>You can see into the future?</b>
PeteLAfan::The Lakers are such a f.ng joke
CaliforniaPurple::I think you have them confused with your life story.
BRUWINS86::Who would I pick between Kobe and Lebron? Kobe of course, 5 beats 1 every time   -Jordan (2013 ASG week)      Kobe is the greatest of the era   -Wade (2013 ASG)      Kobe is the best I've seen   -Durant (Jan 2013)      Kobe is the best in the last 15 years
sammygt63::Oh.. and Pippen was nowhere near the leader of that team or as integral as Kobe is to the Lakers.
sammygt63::That was just an amazing 4th quarter comeback by the Lakers. I've heard people complain about the Kings-Lakers, but not that game. But I'm sure in you're little head it's all rigged for the Lakers.
Yadi is G.C.O.A.T.::That's funny because Kobe is to Shaq what Pippen was to Jordan, second fiddle.
Yadi is G.C.O.A.T.::You must of missed the 2000 WCF.  Pippen should have been in the finals.  We will never know because this sport is no better than wrestling at staging a winner.
CaliforniaPurple::Not even close to being true. Pippen never went on and won without MJ like Kobe won without Shaq. HUGE difference. It proves without a doubt he could have and WOULD have won without him in the first place. You haters just ignore the most important facts.
Yadi is G.C.O.A.T.::I am a Miami Heat fan.  Here goes..... yes, 2006 NBA finals were rigged, Wade and the Heat should only have 1 ring. Now I want to hear it from a Laker fan..... Yes, 2000, 2002, and 2010 were all bogus championships, Kobe should really only have 2 rings.  (3 rings if you count 2008 when the Lakers got screwed.) A fair league would be far more entertaining now wouldn't it.
sammygt63::And if the league loved the Lakers, we'd be sporting a line-up of Kobe, Chris Paul and D. Howard right now.
sammygt63::Of course the Heat should've never won that first trophy. Wade shooting like 30 free throws a game after game 2? Pretty sure he shot more FT's than the entire Mavs teams a couple games. The refs weren't even remotely discreet about giving the Heat that series.  But you really think the Lakers were gifted 3 championships? You're really reaching. Lakers-Kings series is the only series I'll give you that the Lakers were not the better teams and the Kings got screwed.
CaliforniaPurple::First of all, there is no such thing as a "Miami Heat fan".
Yadi is G.C.O.A.T.::man..... you really got me.....
BRUWINS86::Love a winner Always a threat Know how to win rings -16 Everybody fears them Rough for the rest of the league seeing all our success So good
oneandonlybabe::Anyway I had my fun, time to move on. Keep going Laker/Kobe fans, believe!!!!!!
BRUWINS86::Go walk your cats and slap that peanut butter on your inner thighs for your great dane!
80 charlie::http://youtu.be/5GewuhAx6o8 here look what i found on the heat..lmao
lifan36::Heat really only should have .667 championships.  2006 really belonged to the Mavs.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X2zonUdXJkQ
Yadi is G.C.O.A.T.::agreed, 2000 = Portland, 2002 = Kings, 2010 = Celtics.
Brady4TW::Lakers still need to stop turning the ball over. They had more than double the turnovers than Memphis. Can't do that and win in the playoffs.
oneandonlybabe::This is both true and funny.
Holla At Ya Boi 69 69::Kobe the GOAT.
BRUWINS86::81= 81
stoptalkingdamn::lakers should not be in the playoffs.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MhmGyZ7KF0  and memphis' last play should be added to this video. conspiracy? i think so.
stoptalkingdamn::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MhmGyZ7KF0  watch this lol.
Yadi is G.C.O.A.T.::Fakers won't address it, they just sputter out nonsense about point totals and rings that were from the fake 2000, 2002, 2010 finals.
BRUWINS86::FAKE FINALS, LISTEN TO YOURSELF MAN! YOU SOUND LIKE JOHNNY DEPPS CHARACTER IN "FEAR AND LOATHING IN LAS VEGAS"1  HAVE YOU SEEN THE BATS YET MAN?
lifan36::a few hundred calls a day in the NBA and you found a bad call.  Bad calls happen every game son.
Yadi is G.C.O.A.T.::I can't believe people will actually defend this garbage.  I like Miami but 2006 was complete bullsh*t.  Juts like, 2000, 2002, 2008, 2010, probably every finals since February 1, 1984.
stoptalkingdamn::lmao lakers always get away with it when the game matters most
BRUWINS86::ODD! People have been saying that for years. Evry time we win a ring people say that very thing!
oneandonlybabe::Watching Kobe take future HOFs to the 8th seed is priceless!! Respect!
BRUWINS86::Your right La Brick would have folded the tents and went home by now! Not Kobe, the greatest spirit and confidence sense Ali, Magic, Ruth, Gretzky, Edwin Moses, Bird, Payton, and Phil!
BRUWINS86::No your not your a mindless hater of greatness because , because, well only you truly know why you hate as much as you do!
oneandonlybabe::BRUWINS86 - AS IN SOLID AS ONE! Tickle the nuts skaggy!  I am a 60 yr old man, lol
BRUWINS86::AS IN SOLID AS ONE! Tickle the nuts skaggy!
oneandonlybabe::BRUWINS86 - MAMBA = 81-------------  Yes, Mamba is also his I call him the Brick Mamba
BRUWINS86::MAMBA = 81-------------
oneandonlybabe::I have to thank you for the new nickname. LA Brick can only be associated with one player: Kobe LA = Los Angeles Brick = For the king of bricks Would have never imagined a Laker fan would come up with it, but thanks anyway!
Yadi is G.C.O.A.T.::I couldn't be more serious when I say this..... Miami's bench+Bosh&gt;Laker starters But  Laker starters+end of game no calls&gt;Miami's Bench+Bosh
BRUWINS86::Looks like that GED is really paying off for you there GOATHUMPER!
BRUWINS86::Being under house arrest doesnt equate to being retired sluggo!
Yadi is G.C.O.A.T.::I am comfortably retired at 31 yrs old, my GED did me just fine.  How's the burger flipping.
lifan36::Kobe system = something no one has done = increased his career PPG averages every year from age 28-34.
Mambaholic 33::Maybe by the time he retires he can reach what Lebron did at 19... 47%
Mambaholic 33::Not to me...Im not the one calling him better or GOAT...I choice to live in the real world
lifan36::Maybe one day Lebron will reach what Tyson Chandler does.  65% FG since that matters to you so much.
Yadi is G.C.O.A.T.::how about efficiency? that's what matters.
lifan36::Top 5 in FG% for SG 14 out of 17 years son.
lifan36::You know whats funny is Lebron fans saying Kobe doesnt play any D in his career.  I guess they didnt know Kobe is tied for most first team defense.  But then again what can you expect from kids who just started watching the NBA?  They didn even know Lebron played no defense until 2008 when Kobe taught him the importance in the Olympics.
oneandonlybabe::But why care so much what they say? People bash Jordan and say he's not the greatest, does that take away his greatness? no. Laker fans and Kobe fans get too defensive therefore inviting more 'haters' to mess with them.
oneandonlybabe::Kobe doing dunks three times a week? oh ok didn't know
BRUWINS86::Your not haters your delusional and blinded by the nightly dunk fest heartless La bRICK PUTS ON THREE TIMES A WEEK!
lifan36::Good point.  Greatness commands hate.
Yadi is G.C.O.A.T.::I left and came back because the biggest NBA story right now is the damn Lakers getting ushered into the playoffs by one bullsh*t call/no call after another.  Let's troll. This year  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MhmGyZ7KF0   Every year  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pgkN0-bLrus   Yesteryear  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qjRcTiwVEwo  @Fakernation = THE TRUTH DOES NOT EQUAL HATE
lifan36::u mad?  dont be its ok.  Your life will go on
BRUWINS86::GO KENTUCKY RIGHT GOATHUMPER
lifan36::Its called injures.  Something basketball noobs dont factor in.
Yadi is G.C.O.A.T.::You in denial? your team is straight garbage!
Iknowaboutsports925::THE KOBE SYSTEM  Shaq before Kobe became a starter = 0 rings Shaq with Kobe as a starter= 3 rings  Pau Gasol without Kobe= 0 playoff win Pau Gasol with Kobe= 2 rings  Lebron without Kobe= Bronze Lebron with Kobe= Gold  Kobe's haters say he can't make his teammates better..
BRUWINS86::nuf said!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
BRUWINS86::Was La Brick upset when Kobe smacked him around in the last All Star game?
oneandonlybabe::You have kobe twice there
lifan36::Kobe better then Lebron  -Wade, Durant, MJ, Harden, Payton, Shaq  No he's not I know more then all you guys!!! -12 year old fanboys who been watching NBA for 2 years.
BRUWINS86::I loved how La Brick let Kobe punk him in all those NBA puppet pro mos back in the day! Kobe was even cooler than Brick as a puppet!
BRUWINS86::Yadi thegoathumper is a cheesy BANDWAGONER, sleezy little man
BRUWINS86::skaag you came into our house pissin on the walls so dont get all butt hurt when we smack you down for all your La Brick talk1
oneandonlybabe::I am not hurt in anyway, lol And LA Brick is a funny nickname for Kobe. Hadn't thought of that. One more for my list: Lord of the Bricks Brick Mamba LA Brick
oneandonlybabe::oh you know him?
oneandonlybabe::lol Kinicks fan here and no, I don't get upset or insult others when they bash my teams or players, and they do, boy do they! It's just that I don't see the point of getting personal. This is about the teams and the players. We all don't have to agree or like the same ones.
BRUWINS86::Who rang your bell oneandonlyskagg? LIST YOUR TEAMS OR BE GONE WITH YEE!
80 charlie::lebron said smoking weed with koby is like playing his game.he said kobe hogged the joint.kobe said smoking weed with lebron is like playing his game he chocked to much!!
Iknowaboutsports925::good one..
oneandonlybabe::lol
lifan36::Did Kobe finally show Lebron how to smoke correctly like he showed Lebron how to play D in the 08 Olympics?
Mambaholic 33::No such thing .667 ring...Then again being Faker Fan u still think Kobrick is clutch.  http://sports.espn.go.com/nba/truehoop/miamiheat/columns/story?columnist=haberstroh_tom&amp;page=KobeLeBronclutch-101222  No brain! No headache!
lifan36::.667 rings, and only best for 1 year son.
Mambaholic 33::Most MVP's &amp; best player on planet son!
lifan36::most all NBA first D son.
Mambaholic 33::What exactly was Kobrick #'s compared to LBJ? LOL
lifan36::lol.  Or like Lebron who could only won bronze until Kobe won him a gold?
Mambaholic 33::Kobrick playing D?  LMFAO...Like this Olympics where he gets torched by some little guy we've never heard of form Spain, or 30 consecutive gm without a single blk shot....right
lifan36::Lebron fans havent been watching NBA for more then 3 years thus they think Lebron is the GOAT.  Just to give a sample of what Kobe did in his prime vs Lebron in his prime.  Lebrons best streak: six 30 pt games in a row at 60%    Kobes best streak: 81 pt game, 62, 56, in 33 min. 4 straight 50+ at 65, 52, 60. 50. 13 straight 35+, 9 straight 40+. Average 43.4 pts for an entire month. All over 50%
BRUWINS86::PTS: 14,034 / 19,045..+5,011 - LBJ =   LA Brick wasnt on a team with other stars, talk about a ball hog! RBS: 3.209 / 4,943.+1,734 - LBJ =  La Bricks teammates missed more than Kobes did AST: 2,788 / 4,751.........+ 1963 - LBJ = Kobe didnt play the 1 BLK: 401 / 582 ...............+ 181 - LBJ = Kobe had shaq blocking the ballin the paint STL: 911 / 1194 .............+ 283 - LBJ = L Brick played in the talentless east P.S.LA BRICK WAS A FULL TIME STARTER MAMBA DIDNT START RIGHT AWAY!!!!!!!!!!
0867Hunter::Even though Kobe made an all star game as a bench player. It doesn't really matter if you start or not.
oneandonlybabe::Who is LA Brick? Is that another nickname for Kobe?
Mambaholic 33::Not being good enough to start, thanks for making my point
Yadi is G.C.O.A.T.::you are a freak, Yadi out.
Yadi is G.C.O.A.T.::Kobe "2 rings" Bryant is the GOAT.... LOL!!! This year  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MhmGyZ7KF0   Every year  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pgkN0-bLrus   Yesteryear  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qjRcTiwVEwo  @Fakernation = THE TRUTH DOES NOT EQUAL HATE
BRUWINS86::Yadi thegoathumper is a cheesy BANDWAGONER, sleezy little man!
Iknowaboutsports925::Who would I pick between Kobe and Lebron? Kobe of course, 5 beats 1 every time   -Jordan (2013 ASG week)     Kobe is the greatest of the era   -Wade (2013 ASG)     Kobe is the best I've seen   -Durant (Jan 2013)     Kobe is the best in the last 15 years   -Dirk (2013)     If I had to start a team I'd pick Kobe over Lebron   -Stephen A (2013 interview)     At this point in their career, how can you take Lebron over Kobe?   -Malone (2013 ASG)     Kobe is still the best player in the NBA   -payton (2013)     Kobe is the best I've seen, even better then Durant   -James Harden (2012)     Kobe is the only player that deserves to be compared to me   -Jordan     If I wanted to win a championship I'd want to play with Kobe. If I want to have fun, I pick Lebron   -Bird     I played with Kobe and Lebron. Kobe is better   -Shaq     Kobe is the greatest Laker of all time   -Magic, Jerry West     Lebron is the best player off all time better then Jordan   -12 year old Lebron fanboys
oneandonlybabe::Looks like you need the opinion of others to convince yourself Kobe is the greatest.
oneandonlybabe::lifan36 - To be honest. you kinda do sound hurt.  how? I am simply making points. I don't insult, use profanity, bold or cap my posts. How exactly do you conclude I'm hurt?
lifan36::To be honest. you kinda do sound hurt.
oneandonlybabe::do I sound hurt? I enjoy coming here to the Lakers boards. It's the best entertainment this season. I have given my full appreciation for this team, without them the season would have been boring. I thought I let you know that your posting the same thing over and over makes you look insecure. I happen to think that Kobe is a great player btw, a bit much of a brickster for my taste but that doesn't take away his accomplishments though. Regardless of what some so call experts or past players say or don't say.
lifan36::Its a good post aint it?   Who ever posted it first was a genius.  (hint hint)
Iknowaboutsports925::I just post fact bro..obviously the truth is hurting your feeling... I would go with NBA players and legends than 12yrs old kids...
oneandonlybabe::Iknowaboutsports925 - you mad...lol  not at all. If you know something you know it. I've seen you post this over and over. That's a bit desperate and defensive, imo
Iknowaboutsports925::you mad...lol
oneandonlybabe::No, not all. If you know Kobe is the greatest based on his stats and accomplishments you don't need the opinion of others so much that you resort to posting the same thing over and over on different threads.
lifan36::Are we going to trust 12 year old fanboys who been watching NBA for 3 years or NBA players and legends?
Iknowaboutsports925::yeah cause they played or playing in the NBA... fans are gonna be biased..u mad?
lifan36::Lebron is the best ever, he has over a dozen accomplishments, MJ, Mamaba, Magic, Bird, Russell Hakeem, Shaq, Duncan, Wilt will never dream of achieving.   1. Bronze 2006 2. Bronze 2004 3. NBA finals sweep  4. Go entire Finals without scoring 20 pts one time  5. Quit on his team the year after he promises a championship  6. Stuff by a highschool kid and then confiscate tape 7. Bail on the dunk contest 9 times  8. Only able to win a ring with 2 superstars  9. 7th best player in NBA finals series.  10. Average 1.8 pts in the 4th quarter of NBA finals.  11. Win .667 rings in 3 tries
oneandonlybabe::He's not the best ever at bricking, that honor goes to Kobe! The Lord of the Bricks, the Brick Mamba
lifan36::I know Bruw.
BRUWINS86::NOT YOU LIFELINE, THAT WAS GREAT, I'M TALKING TO "ONEANDONLYSKAGG"
BRUWINS86::THAT WAS THE WEAKEST COMEBACK IN THE HISTORY OF COMEBACKS YOU GOOF BALL
lifan36::weak comeback. Mine was 10x better
cwfoster@waspwireless.com::when did the NBA turn into professional wrestling...Last night ref againt  Memphis stunk up the place...I am sure they want LA in the playoffs
BRUWINS86::81------------------------------------------------------------ Where the F you at haters!
KobeMissesAlot::U mad bro.........LMAO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
oneandonlybabe::you sound mad. Perhaps you need to watch that ballhogging masterpiece of Kobe's again?
oneandonlybabe::Yes that's the one I mean.  Enjoy it and perhaps you'll be a little less defensive and upset?
BRUWINS86::81--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Iknowaboutsports925::If Lakers lose Kobe's fault or Lakers suck and old..  If Lakers win Kobe has great players around him or the Lakers paid the refs...  Kobe is the best player since Michael Jordan...Fact ! the truth hurt Lebron's lovers...
KobeMissesAlot::No
Mambaholic 33::KB vs LEBRON ( FIRST 9 SEASON)  PTS: 14,034 / 19,045....+5,011 - LBJ RBS: 3.209 / 4,943........+1,734 - LBJ AST: 2,788 / 4,751.........+ 1963 - LBJ BLK: 401 / 582 ...............+ 181 - LBJ STL: 911 / 1194 .............+ 283 - LBJ  guess again
Mambaholic 33::Iknowaboutsports925 - Kobe wasn't a starter for the first two season...  Its called not being good enough...Thanks for making my point
Mambaholic 33::Iknowaboutsports925 - The difference between Kobe and Lebron.. Lebron choke and get scared in the big moment... that's why Kobe has 5 rings cause he has the killer instinct , the will to win and determination...Lebron not so much..  Wrong again!  better check clutch percents, just like shooting % Lebron way above Kobrick....1-5 once again in 4th last night just one more example
Iknowaboutsports925::Kobe wasn't a starter for the first two season...
Iknowaboutsports925::The difference between Kobe and Lebron.. Lebron choke and get scared in the big moment... that's why Kobe has 5 rings cause he has the killer instinct , the will to win and determination...Lebron not so much..
Slow Joe Crow::"Nobody said it was only rigged for the Lakers to win." ==== You know the board is dead when folks start saying it's rigged for the Lakers to not win.  It's been fun kids....on to El Lay and the Clipped Show.
80 charlie::laker fans dont be angry about these trolls.we now have the attention from all of them that were back..go lakers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
KobeMissesAlot::No
KobeMissesAlot::And the refs and Stern in ur pocket....Go Fakers!
80 charlie::kobes in your dreams with that name...lmaoooooooooooooooooooooo
