Daniel Olivaress::espn is 3 days behind on their scores tonight
Anderson Daniel::Time to get back on track. THUNDER UP!
Taylor Manes::I like thunder I respect westbrook and kd... I hope I see them in the nba finals THUNDER vs BULLS
Shawn Bento::I feel KD's fourth career triple-double coming tonight.
Jorge Ivan Franceschi::FEAR THE DEER...
Randall Pollard::this is awesome the suckfest is underway. i hope they dont win another game. looks like they knew how to put together a sneaky tank team. top five lottery here we come!!!
Alex Barker::Khris Middleton, Nate Wolters, Zaza Pachulia, Ekpe Udoh, OJ Mayo. Worst starting 5 ever assembled? Injuries to blame
Kyle Miller::Bucks have started the season perfect. We need the Jazz to start winning while we keep playing like this. NBA basement, here we come!
Michael Maiorano::when OJ mayo is your best player you are in serious serious trouble.  He's a journeyman reserve at best.
Justin Stever::ESPN is a whole quarter behind! unacceptable! Thunder 56 Bucks 53 6 minutes in the 3rd
Bill Copple::gameecast WAY WAY behind!!!  Bad reporting ESPN...shameful!!
Ron Schaffer::oKC will be a tough matchup for anybody they face in the playoffs...
Ze Zohan::Allowing the Bucks to hang around until about 4 minutes left in the game certainly shows how poor the Thunder are this season. They can't seem to hit the broad side of a barn half the time... Spurs will crush them if they even have to face them.
Michael Maiorano::The bucks have the worst roster in the NBA..they won't win 20 games. just awful.
Blake Redden::Ibaka should be an all star this year.  Dirk and Duncan are out of the picture this year
Jeff Edward::they're never out of the picture. future Hall of Famers. like it or not, the All-Star game is a fan voted exhibition.. and them 2 are hugely popular. that's not to say Ibaka cannot earn an All-Star bid..
Patrick Allen::Would be nice to see our bench have a lot of minutes this games hopefully 15 to 20
Willie Woodberry::77-65 OKC... 9:57 left. Reggie Jackson is balling!
Willie Woodberry::51-45 Thunder... 7:30 left in the 3rd
Alex Witarsa::Whats the actual score mow?
Willie Woodberry::46-43 Thunder in the 3rd QTR
Willie Woodberry::tied at 56... 5:12 left in the 3rd
Randall Carl::how come the game is not on yet?
Blake Redden::it is
Willie Woodberry::This is a football score
Willie Woodberry::Okay ESPN caught up
Willie Woodberry::72-65 OKC end of 3rd
Kevin Barker::Go Bucks
