Alejandra7788::Missed the game...can anyone tell me how the bulls looked last night?? Judging from the score, I'm guessing pretty good :)
Rook_217::Good "d" overall... overshadowed by too many turnovers.  A game at home that probably should have been won.
Mark12081959::Hey Wilbon - bwahahahahahahahahah
ScalabrineSwag::I don't get the logic behind the morons who thnk tht the bulls r bad
Mark12081959::No one thinks that we think they are gay
HOLLYWOODHUNTER79::there is no logic there just haters who find it funny that he went down.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::because they dont have drose.. but last year they didnt have him for most of the year and still ended up with the best record overall..so i dont know the logic..smdh
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::hahaha durant "dirked" ya!
Mark12081959::dirka dirka
ChicagoSingh::All i got from this game is that the Thunder are severely having issues and that the Bulls are looking good.
durant3586::Dude, really?They're not issues, not everytime you can win.Thunder even said that.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::yup.. working out the kinks and we still won.
aise5668::Last night showed the difference between Delicate Derrick and Rugged Russell:  One is Fragile and the other is Durable.
Matt63888::i will take 0-0.......at least 0-0 didnt take 18 shots out of durants hands thereby lowering the score.....do you guys think at all?
Mark12081959::yes we think the bulls are gay
ChicagoSingh::One throws for 2-20?
Chargers_4_Sale::one is 0 - 0, we rather a person who is 2-20
dolphinsLETSgo::hey good game OKC, i thought we had that game for a minute. To much fire power  if bulls are above .500 which they will be come towards the end of the season. D rose will be back i promise. Bulls will make the playoffs with or without rose, and by that time rose will be back. no worries for me. Keep ya head up bulls fans. Being 3-2 is good news.
Carbon-based::K perkin is weak
mistervoit08::K perkin would beat yo $@%
BensSportsBlog13::My prediction and a preview for this and all of the NBA games tonight  http://benssportsblog13.wordpress.com/2012/11/09/friday-november-9th-nba-preview/
Epicurusxm::Everyone wants to rag on Westbrook for shooting too much. In some cases I agree he takes ill-advised shots when he should have passed the ball. That being said, Kevin Durant has to get these turnover problems under control. He has had at least 4 turnovers in every game so far. Those are possessions that need to be shots from him. Without those turnovers, he would be shooting more than Westbrook in every game.
Kmacman::mistervoit, you are wise.
mistervoit08::The Thunder seem to do better when Westbrook shoots more than Durant, Westbrook is arguably just as important as KD
fairandbalanced00::westbrook vs drose, both are erratic shooters and neither one of them can play good D, but drose has taken his team on his back into the best record in the NBA and ECF when he was healthy, playing with no other scorer options like Westbrook had in durant and harden, the unfortunate part of drose is that once healthy, he will have to face MIAMI'S 3 headed monster in the big 3. drose needs help.
Rboe93::I guess Loul Deng is just some goon who wasn't an all-star last season... you're an idiot
ichigo1783::Some sloppy play from both teams. KD saved OKC in the end. I would really like to see K-Mart improve his defense, but I am pretty happy with his skill set so far :D
Major Factuh::I severely overpaid for Westbrook if he keeps these performances up.  Good grief...
Epicurusxm::7-22 looks bad. He missed a bunch of lay ups in this game though. Plus, 12 assists 2 turnovers makes up for some of that.
MichiganPowerhouse1901-1948LAWL::Can you imagine if rose had kevin durant on his team,  westbrook is overrated
Rook_217::Was thinking the exact same thing...
Major Factuh::I'm beginning to buy that he is
MichiganPowerhouse1901-1948LAWL::Boozer 10-35 his last three game played.    This man is a useless $@%
Rambomonster9::http://www.nba.com/statistics/player/Turnovers.jsp  Turnover machines....durant and kobe
okcdan::You'll notice turnover machines also play a lot of minutes and the ball goes through them at a lot of points in the offense.  If you are expected to be a playmaker, you can also expect to turn the ball over.
durant3586::and you
ttinsley69::Anyone who watched the game last night know that Serge Ibaka has improved tremendously.  The guy is an absolute blocking machine and even has a long range shot now.  Good move by the Thunder going with Ibaka over Harden.  This decision will prove to be huge.  While Martin is not as athletic or good on the defensive end as Harden, he is a more efficient scorer.  Thunder will be back in the NBA Finals.
Kmacman::Making the Finals again will be tough, but would have still been tough with Harden.  I agree with the choice of Ibaka over Harden. Would have been awesome if no choice had to be made and OKC could still still sign other pieces, but there was just no way.
ChiTown All Day All Night::Chi town did very good without rose although they lost. I thought they had a chance but Durant was super clutch in the 4th quarter. It's mighty obvious that the Bulls are not a one-man team.
Matt63888::not to mention rip had an ok game, nate played crap, boozer played crap, taj did nothing.......with the chemistry tom teAms have dont expect all of them to have bad games together again all year
01Bulls4life::I was happy with their effort (expect Boozers).  Any close game that you lose to a elite team without your best player on the floor to me is a win..
SigmundNBA::No doubt. They are better defensive team than they were last year and they are best defensive and rebounding with or without Rose.
ChiefIlliniwek4Life::Been obvious to Bulls fans for a while.
ChiefIlliniwek4Life::Does anybody else find it almost uncomfortable to watch Westbrick continue to chuck shots while Durant stands on the weak side, looking at him like "WTF are you doing?"?
Kmacman::You sort of answered that riddle by yourself when you said "Durant stands on the weak side".  When KD just stands around, RW has little choice.  I actually believe this is done by design. KD has the luxury to take possessions off while staying on the floor because RW has ability to create for himself.   You hear the fans $@%!$ about RW's shots, but I never hear his coaches or teammates @%!$@ at all.  There's a reason for that.
AlienAiden::They need Maynor at point. He would dish it to Durant and also get Westbrook the ball in better locations.
AlienAiden::I believe the Thunder need to get Maynor on the court and they will be tough. Eric Maynor thinks team 1st and the scorers would greatly benefit. He needs the minutes to prove it and I think that will happen by mid-season.
Infamous Dinosaur::saying kmart was more efficient scorer than harden is also saying that he's more efficient than KD. since harden was a better pure shooter than KD. and just as consistent.
Matt63888::Kevin Martin is in the top 3 efficient scorers in the league.....if you dont understand efficiency then dont comment....go and get a dictionary....yes KM is more efficeint scorer than durant....and harden....westbrook?...hahahahahahahahah
AlienAiden::Buddy Ryan?
SigmundNBA::Better pure shooter, LOL. Harden is two trick pony. All he does is drive to the basket after PnR and finish with left hand or shoot 3's. That's all.
For-Petes-Sake::Ahhh, Heat troll.  Explains alot.
For-Petes-Sake::If you think Harden was as pure a shooter as KD your mother shouldve shoved a wire hanger up her cooter in the first trimester.
Infamous Dinosaur::someone said earlier harden got got "owned" and looked lost the other day vs nuggets. and that, that was why OKC trade was good. (which 1 game vs a good defender doesn't justify a trade being good or bad)  i guess he forgot to mention how good of a defender andre iguadola is. the only defender whos better than him is lebron. harden still scored 15 points. 1 less than westbrook. and who was guarding westbrook in the bulls now that D Rose is out?
Kmacman::Thabo!!!
Rboe93::Thabo Sefalosha...
Matt63888::people talk about the best defender and they only mention names like lebron and iggy......you are getting all of your info from espn.....1 particular media source.......neither are even close to the best perimiter defenders
SigmundNBA::Best perimeter defender is Tony Allen. You can argue that Lebron is most versatile, even though I would give that to Shawn Marion. Lebron is elite defender, but he isn't the best, that's like saying that Durant is best jump shooter.
pwitty9::Kirk, who is a pretty stingy defender in his own right. Not the athlete those other guys are but great fundamentals. KU boy right there
pwitty9::Why are people so surprised by the close game? The new OKC team is still gelling with KMart, and the Bulls were playing at home against the defending WC champs, so they obviously played with fire. Good game in my opinion.
Kmacman::Who was surprised?
chocolate covered caterpillars::bulls are miserable to watch
ChiefIlliniwek4Life::Huh?  How so?
Rook_217::Then why do you watch???
wslaton::OKC is going to struggle without Harden.
Matt63888::I think some of these posters do nut understand efficiency
pwitty9::Really? That's the first thing everyone pointed to in the trade analysis is that KMart is one of the most efficient scorers in the league. He is averaging 18.4 points on 9.2 shots per game. Find me someone as efficient as that
pwitty9::He isn't the ball handler and creator that Harden is/was but he is a much more efficient scorer. He can score the ball without taking it out of the hands of KD and Rus, as seen tonight by his 15 pts on 5 shots
Infamous Dinosaur::how is kmart more efficient than harden?
ChimeraLycan::not likely. Martin is just as good if not better.
ChiefIlliniwek4Life::He won't ever get as many assists as Harden, but he can replace his scoring numbers.
chocolate covered caterpillars::no
aise5668::Westbrook vs. Rose:  Bulls are 14-19 in the postseason during the Rose Era Thunder are 24-19 in the postseason during the Westbrook Era  'Nuff Said
Matt63888::rose is always on the sidelines hurt? one season he faced injuries due to coming back too soon and re injuring his body culminating in his knee......imagine the injuries westbrook would suffer if he was the focus of his team, note: i mean the focus of his team to opposing defense not his ego........only reason playoff record looks the way it does is because rose injured his knee game 1 round 1 otherwise they would appear much closer, which is alarming because rose has never played with a durant or harden......westbrook is a shot machine on a team full of better shooters.....rose was a shot machine on a team waiting for him to shoot it so they didnt have to.....rose injury is a blessing to the rest of the bulls.....they are learning this season to contribute offensively and not rely on him
SigmundNBA::Rose averaged 23 PPG on 35% shooting(and 6% in clutch) in ECF 2 years ago.  Westbrook averaged 27/7/7 in NBA finals(first PG to ever do that, and third player in last twenty years other than Lebron and Jordan).
mccoywajmu::The bulls had one legit scoring threat..that was rose..so the heat defended him accordingly..Not only did the OKC have multiple scoring threats to defend russell wasnt even the first person they cared about defending..KD was.  So yeah russ played well overall as the 2nd banana in the finals.  what that 27/7/7 stat line doesnt show is lebron only guarded russ for like 5 mins in the 4th quarter of game four (he guarded derrick every 4th quarter of games 2-5), russ allowed chalmers to score 25 including 12 in the 4th quarter of game 4, and russ shot 4-20 in the decisive game 5 as the 2nd option....there is no comparison between him and derrick
Rook_217::...and how many championships???   You guys can nitpick all you want, games won, percentages, etc.  The champs of the west struggled to beat a team without any of the scoring threats the Thunder possess in abundance...Westbrook had the league's best scorer on his side, the sixth man of the year, and a defensive player of the year candidate  AND STILL fell short in the post season...apparently not e'NUFF said patnah!
01Bulls4life::I respect the Thunder and their players... but to think of Westbrook better than Rose is just plain crazy.   I'd like to see Westbrook carry a team by himself with almost no help and taking them to the WCF..  No offense I like Westbrook but I doubt if he is capable of taking a team on his shoulders without KD, Harden (Martin now), Ibaka.
InsertNameHere69::I find it funny you mention Westbrook era when that is KD's team. Not Westbrooks!
scl1651::I find it funny how everyone thinks there is a Rose era when the guy is always on the sidelines hurt.
U Cork Soaker::Thunder fans are cork soakers.
DolfanChad13::How many MVP's does Westbrook have ?
Magic are better than you::Saw this coming but I'm surprised the bulls kept it this close
yardog59::Gotta play the entire game, boys!!
stevebowl::I'm guessing the OKC offense isn't designed to go through the center position. Neither Perkins nor Thabeet took a shot all night and they still won. OKC wins 4 on 5 game.
Rook_217::It's not four on five cuz they still play defense...you think those acquisitions were made with offensive skills in mind???
Columbus Discovered America::im surprised how close the game was too without Rose in it.. just saying not hating
Columbus Discovered America::2 good teams going at with no arguing, fights etc.. bulls fan here.. this is how the nba should be, full of class..
nba is the worst::No double-digit win?  Lots of folks were predicting 15+...
EuropeDude1981::Ibaka finding his groove these last two games. They'll really need him to play up to his contract
Chargers_4_Sale::Ah I love the smell of when good teams loses, you hear the excuses of what would of happen if this star was playing.
EuropeDude1981::bulls without rose = zzzzzzzz We know what this group can do without rose. Great reg season record, early playoff exit. Let's see them with Rose please
Liberal Feminist::Can we tattoo the end of this game in Westbrooks brain!!!!   If you notice he actually gave Durant the ball and let him win the game.  Westbrook was actually running the offense like a PG should and low and behold the Thunder went on a little run the won the game.
EuropeDude1981::his 1-7 on threes hurt my eyes though
CandySparker::Cheers OKD Thunder!
Le-Goat::Bulls are so bad it's funny
01Bulls4life::What's funny is you trolling here that it must mean you must be insecure.  Bulls are expected to lose and yet they are playing just as good as any other team out there WITHOUT ROSE you tool......    I guess you must be worried when Rose comes back that the Bulls will de-crown the three clowns in South Beach....BTW... Bulls didn't get blown like the Heat got blown by the knicks... no that's funny too.
BABY_K_D::Bulls are so bad that D-Rose might get MVP by not playing.
EuropeDude1981::i dont know about that. Lebron is priming (dont forget they were without bosh for a good part of the playoffs too) and i still consider Rose a rising star. Like durant, his time is not now
01Bulls4life::Bulls even beat the Heat without Rose too.... Heat got lucky last  year both Rose and Noah went down... I see a HUGE ASTERISK on that championship ring Heat got.
01Bulls4life::Good game OKC.  I really respect the team and KD is one of the few great players with class.  Considering that Rose wasn't on the floor this was a good game and Bulls made OKC earn that win.  Other than Boozer I was happy with the teams effort,  a win would had been better but this was no blow out as many haters expected.  Go Bulls!!! and G.G. Thunder.
InsertNameHere69::The Bulls are without a doubt right there with the Heat for best team in the League when Rose is on the floor. Without Rose...Just your slightly above average team at best. Defense is what will keep them in and win games until Rose can get back...Of course, Rose won't even be 100% when he gets back!
BABY_K_D::Wow! Kevin Martin had 15 points on 5 shot attempts... meanwhile, Westbrook had 16 on 22 shot attempts.  And we traded Harden?
Barrybran::How do you think OKC would have gone with Durant, Harden and one of Houston's 2011-2012 point guards (your choice)?
BABY_K_D::We aren't better when he is shooting 37%. And again, Westbrook isn't a bad player.... I just think we would be a much better team if we would have kept Harden instead of Westbrook. If we could keep both fine, but I would take Harden over Westbrook.
nealbronco87::A KD explains:  “We’re worse when I take more shots.  And traditionally, a point guard is not supposed to take more shots than everybody else on the team. But we’re better when he does do that and he’s aggressive. And I’m better when I’m out there facilitating, rebounding, defending and being more efficient on my shots with less shots.”
nealbronco87::Brooks and Durant have said repeatedly that they want Westbrook to take those shots.  To stay aggressive.  That isn't entirely Russell's fault because he's encouraged to do that.  They firmly believe that the team is better off the more Westbrook shoots.
BABY_K_D::Westbrook shot 32% last night. And Westbrook has a lower shooting percentage. That's not terrible?
BABY_K_D::That's your opinion. Many teams would love to have Maynor. You're obviously a Westbrook fan, and so am I. But I think this team would be more efficient (offensively) if we had traded Westbrook and kept Harden. Westbrook is athletic, quick, and great defensively. But he takes wayyyyy too many shots and doesn't understand the pass-shoot ratio when you have the 2 time leading scorer on your team.
nealbronco87::Wow.  You are lost.  Maynor is one of the WORST backup PGs in the NBA.  He's averaging 1 turnover for every assist and he's shooting 37%... that is flat out terrible.
BABY_K_D::That is a wildly inaccurate statement. It has no merit whatsoever. What are you basing it on? Maynor is one of the better backup PGs in the NBA. The fact is.... there are actually teams he would start on.
nealbronco87::On a team with better guard depth.  For example in Miami or Boston or the Clippers he would see 0 minutes.  Yet the Thunder rely on this scrub for 15 minutes every game.
BABY_K_D::On a stronger team????? There is only one team that finished ahead of the Thunder, What are you talking about????
nealbronco87::Maynor will never be starter material under any circumstance.
Pusha Tonn::Let me explain myself, I've never said Westbrook is a bad player, BUT he needs to realize he's playing PG not SG, that's all, and with PG I mean real PG, like Nash/Rubio/etc, you dont have to try score that much when you have durant+kevin martin+Ibaka
BABY_K_D::Maynor is starting material if you pair him with Durant and Harden
nealbronco87::Maynor is not starter material.  He's lucky he's a part of the 2nd unit.  On stronger teams he would never even see the floor.
Pusha Tonn::Start Maynor, Durant, Harden, Ibaka and Perk...easy wins oh and Kevin Martin 6th man
nealbronco87::Harden was just completely owned to the maximum by Andre Igoudala.  So it doesn't really matter.  If OKC kept Harden it would be Westbrook in Houston averaging 30 ppg and we'd all be saying Presti made a huge mistake then too.
nba is the worst::Except Westbrook would be shooting 39% in Houston and Harden 49% in OKC
nealbronco87::You needed to watch the end of that game.  Harden looked lost and helpless.  He couldn't even get a shot off, he either got blocked or turned the ball over.  I think Westbrook might end up averaging more ppg than him this year even as the #2 option in OKC.
BABY_K_D::He got 15 points... thats only one less than Westbrook got last night. If that is what you call "owned"... I can live with that.
Pusha Tonn::1-7 from 3 point line ....smh
Pusha Tonn::wow Ibaka is developing into a scoring threat, I'm really impressed with him, and Kevin Martin is being efficient and he's shooting extremely well! :) But please, and this is the 3rd or 4th game I've said this, please Westbrook stop shooting that much, You are playing PG not SG, props for the 12 assists though. Great win by OKC! Go Thunder!!!
Chi Town Stand Up::Definitely gonna be an all star this year coming from a Bulls fan. Well at least he should be. He might be overlooked because he's on a team with so many stars.
JayNogood::Boozer is such an average PF. We needed him to step up but....nothing?
sproketjoe::OKC - Next game _ Detroit Pistons.  Can you say 4-2!!!!  Things are still looking pretty good.
sproketjoe::OKC rocks!!! Triple double baby.  Good game.
Dirty-Diaper::Chuckbrook is going to be the downfall for this OKC team.
Barrybran::Great triple-double for Westbrick: 16-12-15 (points, assists, missed shots)
BlueSh1rt::Infamous, if you walk away, you admit defeat.
BlueSh1rt::Then go to bed and rest assured that Obama will take care of you.
Infamous Dinosaur::im not admitting defeat. there just isn't reasoning with a close minded biased fool that has as much common sense and logic as a brick wall.  good day sir.
BlueSh1rt::NO?
BlueSh1rt::The feeling is mutual. I just wish we could speak on better terms. I think you misunderstand me. I'm obviously not stupid. Our opinions clash but both are valid. Can you agree to that?
Infamous Dinosaur::keeping jobs in the US = very evil outsourcing them to china = less evil  the mexicans are the problem, not the fact that companies like nike, apple, and major clothing companies take jobs to china.  obama tries to keep jobs in the US, but i voted for romney who outsources jobs to china anyway  - BlueSh1rt logic  and ill leave it at that for others to see. good bye.
BlueSh1rt::What question have I not answered? I was under the assumption that there were many questions that I failed to answer.
BlueSh1rt::what question would you like me to answer. I am here.
Infamous Dinosaur::u never answered springs questions. and its not really "answering" a question if u continue to be a bigot with ur "answers"
Infamous Dinosaur::u know, whatever dude. talking to u is like talking to a brick wall. ur obviously f***ing stupid, ur close minded, and u cant view things from both sides, let alone a logical point of view. im done
BlueSh1rt::Your loss. You think I have a closed mind and yet you refuse to give any ground. I have valid arguments and you have nothing.
Cowboys_Lakers_Yankees::Why do you people only talk about politics? I thought this was ESPN
