Tim Gourley::Like this if you think Vlad looks like a vampire.
Tim Gourley::Here are my top five NBA teams:  1. Blazers 2. Pacers 3. Heat 4. Spurs 5. OKC 6. Houston 7. Clippers 8. Warriors 9. Grizzlies 10. Nets 11. Mavs  Fact.
Jonathan Stewart::out of those 11 there probably is the top 5 in there
Trevor Scott Alexander::Dude I am a Blazer fan and I think they are one of the best  teams, but stating your opinion then saying fact doesn't make any sense.  Also, you named 11 teams after you said "here is my top five"
Jason Walls::Yea Tim the 'fact' that you have the Nets and Grizzlies in your list makes it 'fiction'
Patrick Fiegenbaum::Totes unimpressive to the sports cognoscenti, amirite? Sure, Portland can beat San Antonio and Dallas on consecutive nights but, uh, they were both on down cycles having won a mere 10 out of their last combined 11 games. And it can hardly be called a "road" game for Portland. They were still in the continental U.S.! And just look at that fourth quarter! Portland gave up 41 points! They'll be lucky to make the playoffs.  Or, just change the team name to the Dangerfields.
Jason Ah Choy::Are you some kind of idiot? They had 2nd and 3rd string guys in. Look what the 1st teamers did. They had over 100 in 3 quarters and gave up 70. That's over +30 guy. Get a brain.
Patrick Fiegenbaum::Jason Ah Choy The very definition of sarchasm, folks!
Matt Johnson::lol Dallas is getting away with travels and fouls and still getting spanked :)
Sean Blaser::Them boards is what's killing the mavs none of em can rebound lmao
Ruth Miller::Sean Blaser , Dirk had 3 rebounds, pitiful.
Tommy Lebowitz::Missed this game (thankfully).  The Mavs will probably make the playoffs, but they'll get bounced in the first round because they can't defend or rebound.  I hope Nelson, Cuban, and Carlisle find the right big man in the draft.  If they do, we might have a chance next year.
Tim Gourley::As Blazers announcers are saying, refs are keeping Mavs in this game.
Colin Uza::Even with his limited minutes, you can clearly see that CJ Mccollum has the potential to make a serious impact at the NBA level. I have been saying it ever since he was a junior at Lehigh.
Meron Foto::I love his game of going inside. We def need that from him instead of jacking up more 3s.
Tim Gourley::My prediction:  Blazers get fouled on a last second shot that would win the game but refs don't call it.  League reviews and issues an official apology and decides to reverse the game result.
Ruth Miller::Yeah right,  Dallas won 2 games because of non-calls.
Matt Johnson::Portland should win this game on just having more talent then the Mavericks plain and simple. But it's always tough to win on the road even against a middle tier team like Dallas.
Jason Walls::Talent alone won't win. Team ball and execution baby! Lets Go Mavs!!
Sean Blaser::Funny you should say that Jason cause no team in the nba moves the ball better than the blazers have all season long
Jeff Craighead::Is that why they won against the mavs last time......
Matthew Atchley::I don't know if it's the Blazers looking good or the fact that this Maverick's defense looks atrocious. But POR is getting way too many easy baskets.
Meron Foto::Portland is a good team.... no denying that.
Matthew Atchley::Meron Foto I am definitely not denying that, I just thought Dallas would've put up a better fight.
Meron Foto::Matthew Atchley  I didn't think it was gonna be this easy at all...... especially after the last game, I honestly thought this might be a tough game. Dallas is still legit playoff team.
Charles Simpson-Brown::Not making fun or anything but Dallas shouldn't be subject to this
Meron Foto::This is just brutal.
Tim Gourley::This Italian ref has definitely got Mafia money on this game.
Silas Reyes::curb stomped the hicks in their own house. Nice!
Tim Gourley::Is it true that Dallas killed Kennedy?
Silas Reyes::Only a blonde woman named Debbie knows for sure.
Matt Johnson::Portland=best team in the NBA RIP CITY BABY
Ruth Miller::Yeah, behind Indiana.
Don Weber::Ruth Miller Portland beat Indiana and is in the far tougher Western Conference. Do not get me wrong, Indiana is an amazing defensive team, but Portland is the amazing offensive juggernaut and they look to be doing their best to fix their weaknesses which are  playing man on man defense for longer stretches and they are beginning to attack the basket a little more and not rely solely on threes.... both teams are equally imposing at this point!
Cody Palmer::Dallas is getting pounded
Billy Dawson::Payback time !!! sorry Monta we did not forget about that shot
Fjodor Balla::Should be a fun game despite the fact that both teams are coming off back to backs and might be tired.I expect the Mavs to carry the momentum of the win in Phoenix and get this one too. Its mid-season and I have come to terms that Blazers are a well rounded young team, a championship contending for sure although I still got my doubts like everybody else.How far can they get? Will see. Mavs have some apparent flaws but they match up well against the Blazers and would have a slight advantage if they meet in the playoffs. Go Mavs!
Vladimir Tsalyuk::you said Portland is a championship contender AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAH
Cody Palmer::Vladimir, I found your coffin
Jason Walls::Vlad- Do you actually watch basketball?? Wtf team are you talkin about? Lol
Tim Gourley::Blazers' bench has been exposed.  I've been saying their bench sucks and I got reamed for it. Meyers is an embarrassment.  McCollum has potential and so does Robinson.  Also, Freeland is NOT good.  We need OMER ASIK!!!
Meron Foto::Freeland is good...... he players better D than LA, Lillard and the rest of the bench combined.
Michael Flatters::Meron Foto I too like Freeland. He has figured out in a short time what Greg Oden could never figure out (3 fouls in 5 minutes tonight); how to move your feet, and keep your arms straight up. Now if Lopez goes down, I'm not liking our chances. However, the last thing this team needs, imo, is a disgruntled, overpaid, potential chemistry killing back up center. If we could find another defensive big without giving up much, I'd say great. But I feel like we're playing with house money this year, so I'd be happy going with what we have.
Meron Foto::Michael Flatters  100% agree with everything you just said. Asik?? I don't know about that...... I wouldn't give up Lopez for him. The chemistry he has with Batum, LA and Lillard is irreplaceable at this point.  But I wouldn't mind adding a player who can come off from the bench for defensive purposes. We def need that.
Jason Walls::After tonight, Dallas has 4 games against the east. If we can pull out a win tonight, GREAT! Either way, should be able to put together a good 4/5 game win steak and gain some ground in the seeding this upcoming week.  LETS GO MAVS!!!!
Cody Palmer::Not an east team.
Cody Palmer::Wait, nvm
Ruth Miller::Jason,  "Don't count your chickens before they're hatched"
Wilton Jimenez::If you're not a Blazer fan you won't believe we are real until you see us in the playoffs. In the mean time we will continue to rack up wins. Go Blazers !!!!
Fjodor Balla::I'm so high on Devin Harris return.Mavs desperately need his defense, size and quickness on pg position.He might need some time to get in game shape though and Mavs fans have to be patient.
Kevin Walker::anyone else just see paul georges dunk? a zillion time better than anything lebron has done
Andy P Kordyban::My top 5 teams in the NBA:  1) Raptors 2) Pacers 3) Blazers 4) Spurs 5) Heat
Cam Perry::lol the raptors
Colin Uza::GO RAPS!!!!!!!!!
Tim Gourley::Refs are evening things out a bit.  You can't call these cheap fouls against the NBA's best!
Meron Foto::Are you kidding me?? This refs are bought and paid for...... obviously. wow
Don Layton::My son just observed "Their garbage is better than our garbage."   lol
