FreeTruth1945::The core of Noah, Gibson, Butler is the best defensive and rebounding trio in the NBA. Augustin has been a very pleasant surprise. Here is to hoping he has found his place in Chicago. Hinrich (7 rebounds) and Dunleavy are both good role players at this stage in their careers. However, look likes one or both of them are likely to be traded. Snell is progressing on pace. Boozer still scores and rebounds (not much defense). I would like to see Murphy start getting some minutes at backup PF and C. The question is what kind of player will Rose be when he returns. I hope he understands that his style of play does not bode well for a long career. If he transitions to a more traditional point guard style reserving the explosive moves for clutch situations next year can be a faster turnaround than expected. No guarantee Mirotic will sign next year. Still, I do anticipate Bulls making player personnel improvements  Now, to beat the Lakers on Monday and return to .500.
Anton::I think Philly finally perfected their tanking strategy.
Greg::After watching a great game college game between Kansas/Oklahoma St I hope there scouting team was not only looking at Andrew Wiggins,please take a close look at Joel Embiid Height: 7-0 Weight: 250 center guards the paint and great shot blocker and rebounder and also Oklahoma St. Phil Forte, III Height: 5-11 Weight: 185 small guard but this kid has heart and shoots the three like a layup. Good guy to come off the bench for 10-15 minutes a game.
Satisfied::Im not crazy about Carter-Williams anymore.  His defense is atrocious and he guns WAY too much
Amir::After a good start Sixers are mature for D-League, worst NBA team.
carmenb::Noah/  face of the franchise,put a team around him.rose is 3rd or 4th face of franchise.franchise player is one who cares about everyone around him,and cares.o'ya,and plays too, the most important,just my thoughts.
Teams stink::The bulls beating the bottom of the barrel, seventy shidders is no time to start praising the bulls.  EVERY team should beat that team!  When the bulls are beating okc, portland, san antonio, indi, miami, golden state, THEN I'll think they have a pray.
Vlad::the score does not tell the story. this game wasnt even close. i dont understand how philly can be so bad. i look at their roster and i think they should be in the hunt for the playoffs. terrible shooting night in this one
PKM::I'll take Sixers plus 8
Jeffrey::hope we win.......................................................
