rataurus1973::Lmao the Cavs won? Dallas= one hit wonder
thats quagmire::mn 6 tx 1
BuckeyeheadKyle::Who would you guy's pick if we got into the top 5 for the NBA lottery Draft?
JDunifon3::Barnes, Boynton, Gilchrist, either Lamb, and River are the guys I seeing as being the best first for the Cavs going forward.  Of course, if they can get Drummond, I think they take him (trade out of the spot if they get no. 1, even though I think Davis will be special)
Crazy4themBucks::Tough call, I like Harrison Barnes myself...we could use a good SF. Hopefully Thompson develops along the way. He's the kicker to the whole rebuilding stage. Very very green right now, almost too green for my taste. But we'll see how things go along the way.
ProtoEarth::With Irving the Cavs are 9-13.....impressive.
DrewVR91::The dude is a finisher straight up winner and he wants the ball in his hands at the end. Cant ask for more best player Cavs have ever drafted.
Duke00978::HE is good, the rest of the team, not so much.
the REAL Gloria West::and gee is a beast... shut up hater
the REAL Gloria West::not true.. andy is playing like an allstar
Roberto Hernandez Heredia::How is Irving this good already. He is only 19....
DrewVR91::If Dwight Howard had any kind of brain he would come to Cleveland be worshipped like a God and him and Kyrie would championship city
1mproperDancing::If you added Dwight to this current Cavs team they would be a lot better than the current Magic team Howard is on.  Add in another probable lottery pick in this loaded 2012 draft and that team would be pretty scary for the next six or seven years.  Too bad it will never happen.  All Dwight wants is to be rich and live in a big city.  If he wins, cool.  If not, no big deal.
Crazy4themBucks::ProtoEarth, you're probably one of those people who have never been to Cleveland in their lives.....you've just "heard" that Cleveland is boring. Well, you like many ppl, are wrong. It's a good community with lots of things to do. Not boring at all. The media is just a bunch of morons who say it is...but just keep listening to them, I'm sure it'll get you far.
ProtoEarth::So Dwight would come to Cleveland just to be worshiped like a god, but at the same time he would risk being bored and depressed during the time he is playing there?
i liked this comment::ummmmm, have you been to orlando?    talk about boring............
DrewVR91::Players have houses everywhere and travel so much i dont see why that matters. Cleveland is a good city and the fans are the best.
rockndoc2::I've thought of that.  He could come as a free agent.  Kyrie Gee Casspi TT Howard  Could you imagine that if Sullinger fell to them?
CandySparker::Hola Lotta Love!
rockndoc2::All I can say is I would not trade Kyrie straight up for Quitness.   I've been a season ticket holder for 10 years.   Win or lose, this team is more fun to watch than any of the LeBron teams.   And no, its not sour grapes, its just fact.  I dont have to sit there and watch one guy dribble down the clock on 75 % of the plays.  I get to watch some diversity, and a real TEAM.
i liked this comment::amen brother, and as a season tv viewer i concur!
ericclevelandfan::shows you how scouts sit there and doubts kyries ability saying hes going to be a ok pg in the league and not worthy of number 1 pick, kid may average above 20ppg his rookie year this kid is already a superstar cavs next year with a few additions will be a threat in the east
DrewVR91::Kyrie is already a top 4 point guard.
zachrlee::Kyrie Irving's a lot better than the overhyped John Wall.
i liked this comment::i never heard of john wall............is he any good?
rockndoc2::ABSOLUTELY
jimkamlowsky::Anderson is on absolute FIRE lately! I also agree with the people on here that say TT is a bust.
cland4ever::also bigs usually take years to develope, roy hibbert andrew bynum were considered busts to just the past couple years
rockndoc2::TT is going to be fine.  In the short time he has played, he has already shown more upside than JJ Hickson.   Young Bigs like him are not going to get starting minutes with Byron Scott until they earn them.  dude has work ethic and will be good.
King Hova II::When Tristan gets mins he performs.. I think by seasons end, he will have more pt..
ericclevelandfan::tristan is not a bust have you watched any games youd clearly see that
Doc 04::How can he be a bust 20 games into the season? If you have watched at all he has played pretty well.
yata9arasu::Good night everyone!  Good luck Minnesota!  GO CAVS!
PhilMN16::Oh, Good luck. Go Wolves!
yata9arasu::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJL6xO-QcDg&amp;feature=watch_response What does anyone think about this.  I'm not sure if it was intentional or not.  I think his feet got caught up with Scola's arms and he lost balance....
PhilMN16::Here it is.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJL6xO-QcDg
yata9arasu::I agree.  He apologized to Scola after the game as well.
PhilMN16::Scola also said it was his own fault. He was in Loves way.
PhilMN16::I'm biased. But I dont think he did it on purposed. He got his arms caught and was forced to step on Scola or fall on his face.
yata9arasu::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WoLS0t6wzcs THIS IS AWESOME!
PhilMN16::"Love! GOOOOOOOOOOOOOT IT!  - Announcer  LOL
PhilMN16:::) I agree.
PhilMN16::Dear Browns,  Please trade up for RG3 so the Vikings cant take Matt Kalil  Love, Vikings fan.
Doc 04::That would be very good for the browns...in many ways
Doc 04::Rumor is DeSean Jackson has the Browns on his list of destinations...
Carslon12::So the Browns want PAY for DeSean Jackson?? They could have drafted Doug Baldwin last year, who has more 1st down, more 20+, way more YAC, just 7 less catches but on 18 less targets, receiving from Tavaris Jackson fer chrissakes, he's a  proven Raven beater, and they could have had him instead of Greg Little, for nothing....If the Browns knew what they were doing that is
EJAWS008::I have been thinking about that move for quite some time now. Heckert was involved in drafting him so I think they will take a shot at him.
EJAWS008::RG3 is a great talent. Some of the throws I have seen him make over the past 2 years, especially on the run, are amazing. Plus he has the mental makeup for the game. A great pick he would be for the Browns.
PhilMN16::Yup. Browns need a QB so you might as well. Vikings need protection so I would appreciate if you traded up.
sugarglyder::Maybe, maybe not. :)
PhilMN16::You may think I'm an idiot but I think RG3 will be the better QB.
sugarglyder::I'd rather sign Flynn than trade up for RG3.  If RG3 is there then take him, otherwise take BPA or trade down.
sugarglyder::Browns would be fools to trade up for anyone other than Luck.
yata9arasu::I want Blackmon.....
T.O.G.M.S.17::well i really gotta sleep. i have been awake for 42 out of the past 45 hours. nice chattin with u minny fans. good luck to yall. HEAT ARE BOUT TO GO DOWN TUESDAY!
yata9arasu::Good night!  :)  GO CAVS!
PhilMN16::Beat them please. Good night.
PhilMN16::And I am officially scared for Kevin Love. Lol, right when I get my mind off it Sportcenter shows it. :(
yata9arasu:::(
yata9arasu::Yeah....  :(
PhilMN16::You saw it?
TheCommonMan2012::I'm outta here guys. Good chatting with all you and good luck with the rest of the Cavs season! Go CaverWolves!
T.O.G.M.S.17::we'll see ya. have a good one. and good luck
yata9arasu:::)  Bye!
T.O.G.M.S.17::Kenny Lofton is my favorite baseball player of all time. Joe Mauer is my favorite baseball player in the league now
KingGeorge53::I've had a lot over the years.    Leon "Daddy Ways" Wagner, Max Alvis, Sudden Sam, Louis Tiant, Roger Maris, .... dang I could go on and on.
TheCommonMan2012::He was legit. Mauer needs to step his game up next year!
PhilMN16::Joe had 1 bad year and the haters will hate. He will  most likely hit .300 this year if healthy.
brownsjoe::im out gotta hit the books! nice win cavs GO CAVS and ayy what the heck go wolves :}
T.O.G.M.S.17::geometry sukkkkks. good luck kid
brownsjoe::lmao true well goodbye :}
PhilMN16::HAHAHA, at least its a High School Credit.
brownsjoe::im two years ahead in math so maybe i can stay here for 2 years haha
monboy08::love it
PhilMN16::Pfft. Studying for Math hahahahahahaha.
monboy08::L*W*H=
brownsjoe::geometry is so much fun being only 13 /; confusing
TheCommonMan2012::Nice chatting with you
brownsjoe::you to good luck get that 8th spot
brownsjoe::i hate being in geometry in 8th grade:{
KingGeorge53::brownsjoe... please keep up the good work and study.    IT's kids like you that America is in need of.
KingGeorge53::My brother had that going for him as well.   He threw it away.    Took way too much for granted.     Temptations were too much for him.     These days, when he calls, no one is allowed in my house to answer the phone.
brownsjoe::i live a good life tho nice house parents that love me great athletei have to much going to throw it all away
monboy08::at least I was big time for a year or so.....
KingGeorge53::that's why my younger brother use to say.   He's been in and out for years.   At 48, he's homeless, out of work and I wouldn't trust him for anything in the world.    HIt those damn books, study like your life depends on it Because it does!  I was a middle school principal for years.    :)
brownsjoe::NEVER
KingGeorge53::better that then in 10 years being in prison as a crack dealer.
yata9arasu::Good night! :)
PhilMN16::You got my like!
PhilMN16::Jim Thome hit 600 as a Twinkie. :)
KingGeorge53::You wish.    I think you better join Brownsjoe in math class.
PhilMN16::Sorry, should have put the hash tag in.
PhilMN16::No, he hit #600 as a Twin.
PhilMN16::Homers.
PhilMN16::Ugh lol, Home runs.
TheCommonMan2012::Indians batting order in the mid 90's was....
Bulldawgs41::Paul sorrentio was in there too...
Bulldawgs41::Ummm..it was k lofton, baerga, belle, Eddie murray/david Winfield, thome,manny, alomar, Giles and vizquel
KingGeorge53::ONe of the best.... EVER
T.O.G.M.S.17::..... intimidating (Thome, Vizquel, Lofton, Alomar Jr, Alomar, Justice, Manny, etc)
TheCommonMan2012::That's better than any line-up I've seen in the ten years since then!
Doc 04::Too good
brownsjoe::hacking howard was fun wish we could of won that and why didnt they just take him out??
T.O.G.M.S.17::what are your opinions of Tubby Smith? he's my friends uncle. i think hes a cool guy and good coach
PhilMN16::Remember what Gopher basketball was before him? TERRIBLE! Now its actually OK.
TheCommonMan2012::I've met him. He's a cool guy but I'm starting to think he's not the answer, even though he's a great coach.
PhilMN16::Great Coach. Gophers GOT to keep him.
yata9arasu::Thompson PER 36 MIN: 15 pts, 10 reb, .6 stl, 2.2 blk.  VERY VERY NICE!
sugarglyder::The problem is he doesn't have any post moves and no jumper.  He does have ability to get to the line, but he misses 60% of his free throws.
sugarglyder::If Thompson's TS% and PER were better I'd agree with you.
KingGeorge53::You bet yata.   I'd take that every day all day long from the rook.
brownsjoe::patriots giants ive got 25 on the giants with friends i think giants because they are on a roll and patriots hurt gronk no run game OK defense and giants rush is coming
TheCommonMan2012::I say Pats. Brady won't let the Giants beat him like last time. He'll come out and put 28+ points against the Giants.
TheCommonMan2012::Richie Sexson
i liked this comment::didn't he have an album out ?
TheCommonMan2012::He's super tall and could hit some monster homeruns. Reminds me of Corey Hart!
KingGeorge53::Was at a game when he hit a bomb off a tribe pitcher that cleared the bull pen.
T.O.G.M.S.17::....is THE MAN. i remember when we had him. that dude was a lengthy mofo
brownsjoe::isnt he tall and blonde and old?? im only 13 i dont really know...
sugarglyder::The Cavs GM (Grant) royally effed up when he passed over the Lithuanian for Tristan Thompson.  TT's ceiling isn't very high.  He has no shot, no post up game... just athleticism.  One could say this makes him like Varejao, but Andy is a player who can guard the 4 and 5, whereas TT is an undersized PF.
sugarglyder::Except players like TT are a dime a dozen.  He doesn't project to be anything more than a rotation player at best for the Cavs.  They will need a REAL power forward if they're going to contend in a few years.
EJAWS008::Funny you should say this about a 20 year old. Learn a thing or two, then come back.
sugarglyder::I see a player who gets most of his points next to the basket off rebounds or wild attempts to get near the basket.  TT has no post moves whatsoever and can't hit any kind of jumper.
KingGeorge53::TT may end up being that player.   I don't know what you don't see in him.    He's one of the reasons the 2nd team was good before he got hurt and is the main reason the 2nd team stinks since he's been out.
KingGeorge53::IMHO TT is the 2nd best player in this past draft.   He does have a very good hook, short jumper, can dunk with the best of them, block with the best of them.     I'll take TT any day of the week.
Doc 04::I was surprised, but too early to tell  TT looks good when he plays, he really needs to bulk up though  He isnt horrible from the field, but his FTs need major work
sugarglyder::The same Dwight and Shaq who actually got worse at the line after their rookie seasons?  ok...
KingGeorge53::Dwight... Shaq
sugarglyder::The Plain Dealer, I think, printed a story about Tristan working on his free throws during the lockout.  I laughed.  I've watched enough basketball over the years to know that players who can't make half their free throws rarely ever improve.
yata9arasu::Thompson is fine.  He has been much, much better offensively than I expected.  He is going to be great on D.  I like the draft pick.
sugarglyder::I think of TT as an undersized Desagana Diop with a little more athleticism.
TheCommonMan2012::Look where athletticism is getting Blake Griffin...I hate him but other people love him
TheCommonMan2012::Anyone here an Indians fan?
PhilMN16::Either way I think the Tigers got the division. I would love for the Twins to surprise like usual though. (In the good way)
EJAWS008::Mine was Opening day '93, the last home opener at Municipal and they were celebrating the lives of Steve Olin and Tim Crews. It was a somber and bitter cold day, which we lost to the Yankees.
KingGeorge53::My first game at Cleveland Municipal Stadium was in the summer of 1961.    I got to see Roger Maris and Micky Mantle play the year they were trying to break Babe Ruth's HR record.     Maris hit a triple that game.
EJAWS008::Albert Belle was always my favorite Indian. Had he not had a bum hip, he would be a sure-fire HOFer. He was a brilliant hitter who was obsessive in his preperation. Arguably the most feared hitter of the 90's, not only for his hitting, but if you brushed him he would go right at you.
KingGeorge53::Leon Wagner,   Daddy Wags, was one of my favorite players.
T.O.G.M.S.17::Dam thats crazy
PhilMN16::PLOUFFE THAT!
EJAWS008::I am from Cleveland and lived in Winter Haven for 2 years. Parents owned a condo next to Chain O Lakes stadium from 1994 to 2003. I saw so many great Indians teams year in and year out on spring break.
yata9arasu::OH NO YOU DID NOT!!!  CHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!
PhilMN16::DINKELMAN!
brownsjoe::shin soo choo!!!!
brownsjoe::dodger fan im die hard cavs and browns hate the lakers love the cavs
yata9arasu::100% FACT!
brownsjoe::hate braun cheater
TheCommonMan2012::KEMP should've won MVP
TheCommonMan2012::I've been a fan of them since the mid 90's! My favorite player was Charles Nagy! Hahaha
TheCommonMan2012::That batting line-up would make the Yankees blush! haha
T.O.G.M.S.17::CHAARLIE! that tribe rotation in the 90s was ridiculous
PhilMN16::Roll T<b>wins.</b>
EJAWS008::yup, through-and-through.
yata9arasu::GO TRIBE!!!!
T.O.G.M.S.17::Roll Tribe
PhilMN16::Freaking Suggs named Defensive Player of the year. SMH. Allen deserved it.
PhilMN16::2 FOR 1 IN SARCASM!
yata9arasu::WOW HOW CAN YOU SAY THAT!?  HE WENT TO BALLS SO HARD UNIVERSITY!!!!!!  ROFL!!!!!
brownsjoe::Joe Hayden did lmao
yata9arasu::We traded Hickson for Casspi + a future draft pick that is 1st round protected.  Thompson was drafted with the Cavs pick which went from 2 overall to 4.  The Jamario Moon+ Maurice Williams for Baron Davis+(1st round unprotected Clippers pick) became the #1 overall pick in the draft.  THANK YOU LAC FOR TRADING KYRIE FOR MO WILLIAMS!
KingGeorge53::So far, Grant has done a fantastic job at getting and making some outstanding trades.
T.O.G.M.S.17::i dont even know how im up right now. only got 3 hours of sleep yesterday.
brownsjoe::its only 11:22 in LA
T.O.G.M.S.17::good point.
TheCommonMan2012::The only reason the Wolves are better than the Cavs right now is Kevin Love. When your best player is your rookie point guard you're going to struggle to win games on a consistant basis. If Ricky Rubio was our best player we'd be screwed!!
Doc 04::Barnes. Kidd-Gilchrist. Somebody! Jeremy Lamb? Somebody!
KingGeorge53::YES!   Via the freaking Draft!
brownsjoe::we are playing really good teams tho u arent
PhilMN16::Ehh, sure.
TheCommonMan2012::The MAVS LOL
PhilMN16::I wouldnt say that. We have faced the Heat, Thunder, Lakers, Rockets all looks to be playoff teams. LOL
sugarglyder::Kyrie needs a legit #2 scoring option.  Hopefully he'll get that soon.
KingGeorge53::And there you go.
PhilMN16::Rubio is still good though.
TheCommonMan2012::He's still very good. Rookie PG just have a tough time being consistant. That's why ROY changes every couple games between Irving and Rubio.
PhilMN16::Just not a franchise player like Irving. Team Player.
sugarglyder::Kyrie's passing is improving btw.  Last 7 games:  5.43 AST 2.00 TO 2.72 to 1 AST/TO ratio
T.O.G.M.S.17::sooo...... Super Bowl or Puppy Bowl?
brownsjoe::commercials
KingGeorge53::Lizard Lick
TheCommonMan2012::Puppy Bowl. Love that game!
brownsjoe::when we traded hickson for omri and a 1st round pick was that to get TT??
Doc 04::1st rounder, eventually...
KingGeorge53::Only if the Kings are a PO team this year.   It's a protected pick.
brownsjoe::next draft??
brownsjoe::whats the other draft pivk
KingGeorge53::No.    We traded Mo Williams and Jamario Moon for Baron Davis and the Clips 1st round pick.     The clips 1st round pick won the lottery and that was Kyrie.
brownsjoe::thought that was irving who we got for being 2nd worst
KingGeorge53::Wait.   They traded JJ for omri and the pick.   Not for TT as he was our pick for being the 2nd worst team last season.
KingGeorge53::We traded hickson to get Omri, TT and another draft pick.
yata9arasu::Anderson Varejao is great.  He is all hustle, attitude, rebounding, a great team player and one of the best guys to have on your team.  That being said I still think Love is a better player.  BUT Andy is my favorite Cav and I would miss him so much if he gets traded/retires.  Just a great player and person.
sugarglyder::Yeah he plays center.  He's really a PF though.
KingGeorge53::I agree, but we can't build a contender based on a popularity contest.    I've been waiting since Austin Carr was drafted and I'm tired of settling to build a team for an 8th seed.   I want it all.
PhilMN16::That wasnt even what you were asking........
yata9arasu::I am for trading him as well.  I agree with what you said KingGeorge.
PhilMN16::Cavs look to be in contention for a Thomas Robinson or a Harrison Barnes.
PhilMN16::Varejao plays Center I think Right? I hope I'm right.
PhilMN16::Thanks.
brownsjoe::hahaha your a good guy phil haha
PhilMN16::OK good I'm right. Lol I love sarcasm.
TheCommonMan2012::Hahaha.
KingGeorge53::His position is PF, but b/c the Cavs do not have  starting C, he has been playing out of position.
brownsjoe::no PG
T.O.G.M.S.17::Cavs and Wolves fans: what would u rather do this year: Tank and get the number 1 overall pick. Or make the playoffs?
KingGeorge53::Yes.   It's like spanking you kid for something they did wrong.   You're making them a better person in the long run instead of trying to have a friend.   It's being responsible.
sugarglyder::If the Cavs trade Varejao, Sessions, and dump Jamison, they'll tank no problem.
sugarglyder::True.
Doc 04::I hope that is the scenario, it sounds bad but its good for the long run lol
PhilMN16::Wolves dont have a first round pick unless the Jazz make the playoffs so please WIN!
KingGeorge53::I don't think the Cavs have to worry about tanking unless we don't do something about getting better.  We must trade the assets we have while we have them and they are at the top of their market value to get the best possible players.
sugarglyder::Tank.  The Cavs need to surround Kyrie with better talent if they want to contend in the future.
monboy08::No 1st round this year so were ALL IN..LOL
TheCommonMan2012::Wolves can't afford to tank, if we do Love will leave in 4 years...
brownsjoe::PO
brownsjoe::king if we keep losing noone would want to play for us
brownsjoe::but irving might not wanna play for us if we keep losing
Doc 04::Too early to tell  Trust me, he knows this team needs alot of work
sugarglyder::Durant signed a full extension with the Thunder despite losing big early on.
KingGeorge53::I could care less.   I want to get the best players we can to build a team.   I do NOT want to be settling for an 8th seed.
TheCommonMan2012::Yeah, 8th is a tough seed especially when you do need at least one more solid scorer
EJAWS008::Andy V or Love? What Andy lacks in shooting ability he makes up for with intensity, experience and hustle. Pretty even in rebounding too.
EJAWS008::I am a Cavs' fan too, but Love is an animal. I remember when he was coming out of high school and they compared is outlet passes to Wes Unseld and he does have a nice outside shot. I think they are both exceptional.
PhilMN16::Got to take Love. He should be starting in the All Star game.
sugarglyder::I'd take Love, but Varejao is beasting this year.
brownsjoe::im a cavs fan and i would say love but i love varejao
ctowngambler78::Love is way better......
TheCommonMan2012::Love hands down and that's not being bias. If you watch Love he's a straight up beast inside and on the boards. Plus, he can hit the 3 all the time.
monboy08::sorry in D yeah BUT EVERYTHING ELSE.......JUST NO....
T.O.G.M.S.17::thats a tough one. im just gonna have to go with andy just cuz i have watched him for like 7 years now
monboy08::no
TheCommonMan2012::Do Cavs fans like Antwan Jamison or no? I always thought he was an above average player....
BuckeyeheadKyle::Haha. We had Shaq for that one year. I went to one game, and he sweated so bad I could see it dripping off of him from the 3rd deck.
Doc 04::Jamison is great, but he just isnt the same player
KingGeorge53::I like him.   He still has a ton of O left, but he's not going to lead this Cavs team to the promised land.
sugarglyder::Jamison is a black hole.  Throw him the ball - never see it again.
TheCommonMan2012::didn't they try and bring him in during Lebrons last playoff run??
Doc 04::We had him for that run, yes
T.O.G.M.S.17::i love jamison. he is a great guy. but his basketball skills have long gone. he is running on fumes
brownsjoe::im starting to like him
brownsjoe::wolves who u got next?
brownsjoe::no nba game is a forsure win
PhilMN16::Kings
TheCommonMan2012::Sacremento at home....WIN!!!!
brownsjoe::king why u so negative?
KingGeorge53::B/c I've been around the block more than a few times.   It's not negative.    I'm clearly trying to point out how you get a contending team.   I do NOT want to be an 8th seed now b/c if that happens we'll be contending for 5-8 spots for the next 5-6 years.   I do NOT want that.   I want to build toward contention.   I want the ring.
PhilMN16::A few offseason deals could change that especially if Irving is the next Lebron in Cleveland. But the Cavs didnt help Lebron so who knows right?
brownsjoe::do u wolves fans want the 8th spot??
monboy08::IDC who we face were gonna give them a run
TheCommonMan2012::I'd be happy with it. We don't need lotto pick anymore I don't think. I think we can make trades with people to get some more key players on the team! Plus, we'll probably play OKC who we match well against!
brownsjoe::wolves and the cavs are fairly similar except u have love.... but it would be nice if these two teams get hot later on in the season
brownsjoe::ahaha true
PhilMN16::Well we have Love but you play in the East. So its a win for you and a win for us. :)
PhilMN16::Heck yes. We think we have our pieces and if we go on a run. We can get it.
PhilMN16::A Wolves-Thunder series would be awesome. A picture of what the West will be for the next 7-8 years.
tjverwor::Timberwolves &gt; Mavs
EJAWS008::Washington Generals&gt; Mavs
monboy08::everybody(but mavs)&gt;Mavs
TheCommonMan2012::We're 2-0 Vs them :)
yata9arasu::I wonder if the Thunder would still do the Andy for Harden and 1st round pick...........
yata9arasu::I LOVE ANDY BUT HARDEN IS ONLY 22 or 23 and he would easily average over 20 with Kyrie here.....
Doc 04::I would be extremely happy if they did that trade. I love Andy, but sorry bud
yata9arasu::The trade would have happened last year if Andy wouldn't have been hurt.......
brownsjoe::i love andy tho
TheCommonMan2012::Harden is becoming a huge part of the Thunder, I doubt it but that'd be really nice for you guys!
PhilMN16::Who do you Cavs fans want in this upcoming draft? Sullinger probably is the answer. But maybe Thomas Robinson? Drummond?
BuckeyeheadKyle::Terrance Ross!!! How many times do I have to say that. He's going to knock down 15+ every single game, and the kid got D.
sugarglyder::Well yeah I'd take him there too.  That would be similar value to drafting Boozer in the 2nd.
sugarglyder::Sullinger is a Kevin Love-lite, but he'll likely be off the board when the Cavs pick.
KingGeorge53::I"d be willing to take Sullinger in the 2nd round.   He's too small at PF and too slow at SF to be considered in the upper part of the draft.
yata9arasu::Drummond is going back to UConn....  I WOULD LOVE DAVIS!  LOL!
PhilMN16::LOL, everybody wants Davis.
T.O.G.M.S.17::either a BIG BODY or a PURE SHOOTING GUARD.
T.O.G.M.S.17::im hesitant on barnes. we have young players like casspi and gee at SF. i just think we need to go after a true SG or true C
PhilMN16::Harrison Barnes?
brownsjoe::we want a ring this year as funny as it sounds nothings impossible same for the wolves
KingGeorge53::Brownsjoe, it is impossible.
T.O.G.M.S.17::King whats up with u bro. i feel like you are different. on Browns threads u are a nice classy guy. but i mean on cavs threads u have been a little harsh
brownsjoe::cavs have a tough schedule though we have had a tough stretch of great teams
EJAWS008::Pistol Pete passing&lt; Rubio passing
EJAWS008::I am just $@%!$@% around hahahha
monboy08::go to a hott place..plz
brownsjoe::dont go that far
