Future Primitive::.
ttripp0304::J. McGee should try to work on his shot ... Should be embarrassed that he can't shoot the ball. $@%!$ @%!.
gw687::Proud of the Nuggets.  Tough stretch to start the year but really starting to play better, more and more like they finished last year.  As for Kings fans wanting to blame DMC, Tyreke, Jimmer, or whatever other combination of players for the horrendous basketball being played in Sacramento, take a step back and look at this roster.  You really think the Maloof's have created a winning squad here?  They have compiled together a coach with no game plan trying to turn a roster full of players with no basketball IQ into a real team?  The Maloof's have buried this organization, ruined it.  The only solution is to get it out of Sacramento and out of their hands.
danielwsmithee::These numbers are ridiculous.  The Kings actually won the game when Jimmer or Thomas was on the floor but gave up 27 points when Brooks was on the floor.  I have no idea why Brooks plays at all.  Jimmer and Thomas should both be getting 25 minutes per game, Brooks 0.
EarlDean60::Each and every point Jimmer scored was against Denver's third string and in garbage time.  Had he scored 25-30 points against this group, now that would be worth mentioning, 10 stinking points more then a dead man, not so much.
mosesbyu::That's what happens when you allow 64 points in the paint. Free Jimmer.
gw687::Hahaha, @earldean60 apparently is Jimmer's agent and knows the inner workings of the kings organization.  What provides you such insight?  Is there a magic crystal ball on your desk?
EarlDean60::The Kings tried to trade him, there were no takers.  A few teams inquired but wanted the Kings to continue to pay his salary.  Since the Kings can make a few bucks off his jersey from idiots like you, they decided to keep him as a practice player.  But don't worry, he'll be selling used cars in Provo real soon.
Stantonsasaki::Sleep Train Queens continue to be the laughingstock of the league.  I think they need to bury this team.  Go Clippers!
Seskatchewan::People say McGee is a scrub, but every game I watch he dominates. What's the deal
wassermelone_kittah::People just have a heyday making fun of his stupid plays, he will make those every game, but he also will continue to out run and out jump every center in basketball...the good out weighs the bad people
sbishopp2::It is a shame McGee is such a knucklehead.  With his physical abilities, he should be a top center in the league, not a reserve that impacts games now and then.  Hopefully, it is not too late for him to mature and fulfill his potential.
Dinosaur Attitude::why hasn't karl started McGee yet?
jayeteee::McGee has an asthma problem, from what I hear, so his playing time is limited 'cause breathing becomes a problem at times. So, why not come in off the bench? I personally think Koufos has done a nice job as a starter. I'm w/ patreeky, I'm off the 'Fire George Karl' bandwagon for the moment, but willing to turn on a dime. Go Nuggets!!!!!
wassermelone_kittah::Haha jumping on and off the bandwagon, what a loser
vap88::Dino- McGee needs to be more consistent. Coach Karl has gotten more out of him thart the Wizards did. Surprisestats from Jordan Hamilton last night
segunm2::i missed the game, but it seems like Nuggets didn't miss a beat
Patreeky::Im beginning to talk myself down off the 'Fire George Karl' cliff, but I'm ready to run back at any moment should things take a turn for the worse.
Pepiope::We scored 122 points and no one scored more than 19. That's called teamwork
jayeteee::As much as the NBA planners tried to screw us, the Nuggets have persevered through the toughest part of their schedule in decent shape. Now we need to protect home court. Didn't see a lot of the game, but the score was indicative of a roll-over. Tough one coming up w/ the Spurs, it's about time we showed them we can play w/ them. Last few games haven't been too interesting from a Nuggets fan standpoint. Go Nuggets!!!!!
pismohoops::Tyreke is a bust
schmavis::Sacramento - Here's an idea.  Start off with one play.  Practice that play.  Run that play every game until you have it down.   Then add in another.   btw, if you don't have any ideas for plays, look at old tapes from the 2001-2005 seasons.  You will notice that passing is part of what is called running a play.
dwade is greater then lebron::close game
Kobe_uses_1_ply_toilet_paper::yeah really
drjrtr::Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.   (Albert Einstein)  Sums up the Smart's 2012 coaching philosophy.
surasosa::smarts days are numbered....  I'm amazed watching this replay that he cont to sit such an efficient player, and he cont to play such selfish scrubs... how many beat downs must u take before u give a national player of the year  a shot.....
phattybumbum::I would love for jimmer to be a nugget
surasosa::so would he... I'm starting to think that he would take playing for the philipino flash's over the sacramento black panthers lol
EarlDean60::He might do well playing for the flash.  If it wasn't for his jersey sales he'd be on the Reno Bighorns... You're right though, the Sacramento College Panthers would be a step down for your no playing, bad shooting, moron of a jimmer player...
phattybumbum::The kings need to fire someone after a performance like that
EarlDean60::Jimmer
redevelopmentguy::Maloofs are to cheap to fire anyone.  It means they would have to spend more money.
john-GOAT-amaechi::jimmer would be best used like lou Williams. he is not a point guard but is an undersized 2 guard. he doesn't have any qualities or tendencies of a point guard. his defense sucks right now also and he for sure wont be able to guard bigger guards. he can be a very good spark off the bench for any team. give him 25 minutes a night and he will give you production.  problem is that the kings have 4 guys ahead of him that are all deserving of minutes.
TheRydog3::Neither can Rondo, Rose, Thomas, Evans, Parker, Nelson, Curry, shall I go on? Defense is non-existent in this league. "good" defense means a team has a bad offensive night. These people can't be stopped. That's why they're in the NBA. I might also add that Jimmer had a couple of great defensive plays last night in the 4th quarter. He's not as bad as you guys think. The help defense is failing big time, they'll help off their guy when Thomas gets beat, but not when Jimmer gets beat
PhatmanXL::Jimmer can't defend any starting PG or SG in the NBA. However, if he's playing with the King's starters, he could get the help that he can't with the second team. Honestly, a backcourt of him and Isaiah Thomas would be interesting. They have shown recent success together on the floor and would at least keep the ball moving with Tyreke, JT and DeMarcus.  Things aren't working with Brooks out there.
surasosa::numbers fail in comparisons... all of them...theres no need for entertaining... his shooting percentages are better, points per time he gets are way better, and again, his plus minus is much better than all of them.... if ur going on skin color perception, then ur right, they r all better,  if ur going on stats, ur wrong.... two of the kings handful of wins came during games where fredette played the entire fourth quarters of... again and again he has been the most unselfish player on this team, and again and again, he gets passed up for lesser me first types.... and no one on this team plays good dee... hence the win lose rec as well as the points against stats...
surasosa::the four guys that u say are ahead of him, have lesser plus minus's, far less shooting %, less 3 point shooting %, he  shoots better than 90 % from the line, and he is top ten in points per freekin min..... so really my friend, why do u think that these four individuals are ahead of him.....
TheRydog3::Thomas is a big reason why they're losing. I don't know which of them is most deserving of the title, Mr. Turnover, because they're all REALLY good at that. Jimmer is better than them in every statistical category for efficiency ( He doesn't play enough minutes to put up super numbers) They might have names in Sacramento, but everyone else in the league looks at them as losers.
john-GOAT-amaechi::I can tell your a die hard jimmer fan but I will entertain this. tyreke thorton Thomas and brooks.
surasosa::he plays the point better than anyone on this selfish squad... put him there and let him learn... he picks things up.... at least he attempts to share the ball and run the offense
JonathanGeorgeRD::that's why his assist to turnover ratio is 1 to 1. get off his jock
surasosa::wow isiah has turned into to one of the crew...... shoots everytime he touches it.....
surasosa::wow its unreal jimmer doesnt see time on this selfish hole of a franchise
john-GOAT-amaechi::jammer has a big square jaw.
surasosa::jimmer wide open again and again and these racist fools will not pass to him... i hate this team... racist bunch they are... cousins is the worst... president of the i hate jimmer fan club
danielwsmithee::Yes you are are wrong. Watch some more games Cousins is actually the most supportive of Jimmer on the team in my opinion.   The worst offenders is by far Marcus Thornton.  He can light it up, but he plays horribly selfish basketball.  Tyreke seams to go through phases.  There were periods where he would pass, and others all he can think about is getting to the hoop when there are 5 players on him.
TheRydog3::I'll agree. Cousins is the only one who ever gives him the ball. When Jimmer got touches he scored 10 points in 6 minutes. The other 13 minutes he was in, he wasn't allowed to look at the ball.
PhatmanXL::As somebody who actually goes to the games, I can tell you that you are completely wrong about DeMarcus and Jimmer. Cousins is the first guy waving a towel and cheering the guy on from the bench. I really think they both work together well in the few minutes they are on the floor together and is one reason I'd like to see Jimmer work with the first team more. DeMarcus would probably get 3 more assists a game if he had a more reliable shooter on the perimeter to pass to.
EarlDean60::Nobody knows hate like surasosa
surasosa::i just started watching my jimmer high light replay, he has been in with the first unit for 5 min now and hasnt received a touch.... its epic the hatred these jealous bums have towards him
EarlDean60::10 second highlight replay..
Michael22759::Brooks had a -27 tonight against Den. How come Isaiah Thomas isn’t playing more? I am not a Kings fan and don’t get to see them much so this is an honest question.
TheRydog3::Because Thomas is Mr. Turnover... Or is it Evans? Brooks? I can never tell...
REVRAND2::Free jimmer
outdoorathletic801::isiah thomas is a chucker.. he shoots everytime he touches the ball
surasosa::then he should fit right in...
megdali::wow kings just destroy talent isiah thomas is a future star and tyreke evans only played 10 minutes what a joke franchise start isiah thomas and give evans star minutes
megdali::lol evans leads them in assists (3.5) l0l i never seen a player with that little amount of assists lead a team obviously its a lot of 1on1 game
Grantox::jimmer is the one they are ruining. IT wont pass evans wont pass. Jimmer is benched when he plays great. The team needs a new coach
EarlDean60::You can't ruin nothing.
KCstills::in a normal circumstance, i would be dissapointed with a 13-12 start. but damn has the schedule been ridiculous, ive never seen an nba schedule so bad in the beginning in my life.
Trivial Psychic::KC-Most road heavy start to a schedule since the 85-86 Bulls.  SRL-What are you babbling about?
sports.r.lame::because it doesn't favor your team? I think the schedule should be arranged most difficult for all teams every season.
Juwan Howard has more rings than you::just take the kings and wizards out of the league already it's actually sad to watch talent go to waste!
Grantox::get a new coach
JaRoNiZoU::Might as well add the Bobcats and Hornets to that list as well.
Juwan Howard has more rings than you::they are actually on the rise , while these two stay the same every year with no progression
REVRAND2::Free jimmer
Juwan Howard has more rings than you::imagine cousins on a team like okc with a good staff OMG
Grantox::cousins is a hot head that needs some discipline
Juwan Howard has more rings than you::exactly he needs a team that actually cares enough to work with him like javale mcgee in denver
Abraham Lincoln - duck hunter::Kings should trade Thornton, Brooks, and Evans, play IT and Jimmer as a SG, draft a SF with their fourth straight lottery pick.  Starting five of Cousins, Thompson, IT, Jimmer, and the pick.
JaRoNiZoU::I would trade Cousins away for Anderson Varejao in a heart beat if the Cavs would actually do it lol.
Grantox::yeah because Varejo is 30 and cousins is like 23 and plays as good or better then varejao. good choice!
g3fullen::I hope your not serious about getting rid of Cousins? He is a future all star center. Jimmer doesnt have the defensive ability to guard 2s.  I'd like to see them package Evans and Jimmer and trade em for Utah's Paul Milsap and Randy Foye. Obviously not sure if the finances would work for that specific trade but something along those lines.
Grantox::Jazz dont want evans, Utah is about team play, they would not get rid of foye LMAO he was brought in to do what he is doing, Jazz could take Jimmer, His D is much better than you claim, not a great defender but not horrible. Trade Jimmer and First round pick for Millsap
JaRoNiZoU::I say get rid of Cousins too.  He's nothing but a thug who is never going to be a team player.
wassermelone_kittah::You can have koufos and Chandler for him since you guys think nothing of him
wassermelone_kittah::I would gladly take him here in Denver
EarlDean60::And nothing would change...
Bmore.all.day::Both of these teams suck BALLS
wassermelone_kittah::Just like the Broncos did today roght?
Alex47666::so is chandler comming back soon
JaRoNiZoU::This is pathetic.  I wish Sacramento would just trade Jimmer already, so he could be utilized properly.  I would like to see him go to Minnesota.
EarlDean60::China would be good
JaRoNiZoU::Yeah, that's where all of those no-talent black players on the Kings should be sent.
EarlDean60::Or Iceland
JaRoNiZoU::That's what I would do.  Play him at 2 guard.  He's already proven himself a shooter.
EarlDean60::Yeah, playing HORSE
Grantox::Minny has waY too many pgs I guess they could play him at sg
wassermelone_kittah::No dude according to Lakers fans the Lakers bench is the best in the west.
Grantox::I think LA would be a great choice. He would back nash up and be a productive bench scorer ( LA has the worst bench ) they would benefit the most from Jimmer, or Utah could benefit, several teams could benefit and utilize him. Wish theyd move him! I dont get why Jimmer does not demand a trade. His agent must hate him also
SB4LlFE::kings are $@%!.. like usual
Italics87::Jimmer and IT deserve a real team with a real coach
EarlDean60::Selling used cars might help jimmer
Alex47666::fisrt time we get tacos finally
Manimal 35::bbbbeatdown
john-GOAT-amaechi::timofey mozgov is a cutie &lt;3
Charley Varrick::Sac is the worst run organization in pro sports
EarlDean60::Just Sold... would help...
Alex47666::or Saint Louis
JaRoNiZoU::This.
Abraham Lincoln - duck hunter::Kings as a franchise would be immediately fixed if sold to Seattle.
wassermelone_kittah::Or Vancouver
wassermelone_kittah::Have you ever seen the Lakers?
Grantox::definently!
JustineS04::I really like JHAM.
wassermelone_kittah::As does everyone, except george karlito
Fruit Cart Owner::<b>Wow, Tyreke got me a whopping 3 fantasy points.</b>
airic.ad::Injured in 1st quarter.  Maybe that's why.
JustineS04::He played all of about 1 minute before leaving with a sore knee.
JustineS04::That was the first time the Nuggets held a lead. Finally.
jkafkaris::shellacking
wassermelone_kittah::Lolz, JaVale 19 points in 21 minutes= go further down the bench dummy
JustineS04::First quarter did you in. Good game Kings' fans. Good luck the rest of the way.
