sanity check::I feel bad for Kemba Walker having to go through a season like his in his rookie year. When the rookie who is still learning the pro game has to try to carry the team, that's very bad. I think the amazing thing is that, despite all that, he still has the highest player efficiency rating on the team. His upside is tremendous if they can put some good players around him.
Raystuple::Im thinking that in chicagos next game against the heat obviously wont be this easy and im even going out on a lim saying that they will get dominated by the red hot heat! I have why right here on my blog and how to bet it with some player props, w the spread and the moiney etc !! http://nbawagers.com/2012/04/the-battle-for-the-top-seed-in-the-eastern-conference/
zo9292::red hot heat? arent the heat like 6-5 recently
mark35345::Is 9 pts in a quarter another record for futility?
The_Dukie4::Bobcats, First team to get the 12th pick when they have the worst record in the league.
rsleepo::The Bobcats are tanking since the season started and are trying to build through the draft. Expect another awful season next year.
buckeyetjn80::Amish Beard going down tonight! Go Bulls!!
BoobieSqueeze::I remember last year, Espn came out with a story about MJ participating in a practice scrimmage with the Bobcats and apparently he could still ball with pros. I can say that I'm not very impressed about that anymore. I'm sure the 96' Bulls could beat the Bobcats in their current age.
DragonFox09::Bulls rap up #1 seed tonight if they win
Murphymik::Do Bulls clinch home court if they win tonight?
and the big man joined the band...::Sources: Chris Broussard reports Jemele Hill pregnant with child of Stephen A. Smith in an attempt to create the biggest black supremacist ever
the702shogun::and that's all jordan gets for free, come on mike.
buckeyetjn80::Go get some pills dude
the702shogun::after security ushers him out, i go find the president &amp; GM. both of them are on notice, by me. i tell the GM to go find the entire team's trade value and i want a complete breakdown on the payroll yesterday, in front of the team. we're still in the locker room.
the702shogun::right after i head to the bank and corvette dealership, i go find paul silas and fire him myself in front of the whole team. gtfo, right now
the702shogun::so jordan hires me to fix the bobcats. i say, ok, where's my money. he says, here ya go. i say thanks.
the702shogun::let's see, i have a few minutes.  top scorer-derrick brown-14 pts. ok. bismark columbo-7 pts on 2-10 shooting. byron mullens, 3-11, 13 pts. 2 centers logging heavy minutes? ok. gerald henderson &amp; kemba walker combined for 29 pts with ok shooting and that's about it folks. the bench scored 9 pts. 14k people showed up to see this 'game'.
HunterF4444::worst team of all time?
the702shogun::how come jordan's team sucks everything ballz. he was the greatest player of all time. they're putrid
RyanCarranza::Where was the guy that was on last night saying the Bulls were going to lose to the Bobcats?
natepearson206::Jordan has done a great job with Charlotte.  Maybe he could hire Matt Millen to be their GM next season.  Like Jordan, Millen is very good at evaluating talent.
Fee.Forbin::C'mon, Charlotte. Enough is enough. Find a way to win.
SpoChase::Can't wait for tonight!
GeX.0::the battle for 1 seed is close... bulls have to win 2 of the next games: @MIA, vs DAL, @IND, @CLE, while miami has vs CHI, vs WAS, vs HOU, @BOS, @WAS.
shortmac2380::i think we can beat dallas at home and at cleveland. the other games are toss-ups
U can ban my account but u cant ban my IP address::Man was this game awful. This was the first Bulls game all season where I turned it off because it was so unentertaining. If the Bobcats don't improve within the next few years (unlikely), they should be contracted to spare fans from watching that trash.
Maestro6694::2012 Kentucky Wildcats &gt; Bobcats
CTthunder860::Kemba and Davis will be a very good combo going forward, Good times ahead for the bobcats just have to be patient.
Chris61035::Too bad getting Davis isn't a sure thing.  Right now, he's Charlotte's best shot at not being awful next season.  If they don't get him, it could get ugly.
CTthunder860::true they dont need another PG thought
Reality_And_Truth::Maybe they can get Marquis Teague in the second round to go with Davis.....or Terrence Jones might still be there......
333Kenneth333::The Bobcats are 7-54. Bad news: This is the worst record in the NBA history. Good News: Michael Jordan is 54-7 when betting on their games.
joeh4384::The Bobcats average pt differential is something like -13. That is insanely bad.
333Kenneth333::Yeah, it's crazy!
joeh4384::MJ is directly involved in the best team ever and worst team ever.
I Lied About My Birthday::I think we can all agree on one thing, George Zimmerman is innocent.
SpoChase::LOL
rel0627::9 points...wtf! Id rather watch middle school girls basketball...at least its free.
rel0627::Send the team back to the dleague!  Make BET man sell the whole team.
BlackHawk527::With the current payroll - it's costing the Bobcats about $7.5M per win.  Yikes!
lotus218::i see that we continue to miss free throws... oh how this excites me
espn_wants_lebron_4_mvp::"after watching these LOSERS play, I have decided to return to KY" signed Davis
JK Belvi 2008::Kemba Walker will improve. However, this team needs a whole new MO next year to include some veteran bench and practice players for these young guys to learn from. Paul Silas just doesn't have any substantial resources to work with. Biyombo is 19 and may not even be done growing! Davis needs a veteran resource to learn from if he's going to start successfully in the league.
ScarredGameface::And with the first pick of the draft, the Charlotte Bobcats select .... Kentucky.
JK Belvi 2008::I'd hate to see MJ playing basketball somewhere to help pay off the debt from owning this team. This young group of pickup game players is not improving at all as a team. Either break 'em up - or continue to lose money. MJ already disclosed that he'll need out in the next 3 years at the rate this is going.
Jaguarcrazyboy::Good win for Chicago.. Now we gotta get the Heat. GO BULLS!
LeBrick0-2.Finals::<b> Charlotte is like monumentally bad.</b>
woodyattjon::New Bobcats promotion to sell tickets-----If we score just 70 points, free fries to all in attendance
BYoung2k12::Came on here to talk some ball and all I can see is Bulls fans trashing Lebron and the Heat you guys must feel so inferior.
CHITOWNBULLS1991::Yeah, and Heatster was also on here earlier trashing the Bulls. It goes both ways, man.
ChiAllDay247::most of em arent real bulls fan so dont name them as bulls fans
Phylidia Featherbottom::MJ has done it all...being the greatest of all time at something, then becoming the worst of all time at something in the same sport.  I now believe that not only could Kentucky beat the Bobcats, but North Dakota State probably could, too
joeh4384::The best player ever and the worst gm ever.
longhornsin2012::I've been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching  the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for anyone out there that is looking for a system that actually works because this system has really helped me to start winning finally
darwinislord::Hey MJ, where's Adam Morrison?
iBalliGolfiRun::Spittin' tobacco in front oh his local diner in his rural hometown.
freaky69az::With the first, second, third, fourth and fifth picks in the 2012 NBA draft, the Charlotte Bobcats select the Kentucky Wildcats!!!
longhornsin2012::What a blowout. To bad the heat are gonna dominate tomorrow
Dukeisking2010::I'm out, its time to hit the old dusty trail.   Bigsmo, Bullsfan and Naija, be good men, be good.
Bullsfan737::Good luck to your teams whomever they play,    Goodnight to all!!
Naija23::Peace, best of luck to NY in the playoffs.
Daniel Plainviews milkshake::Heat are dead
Bynum Leads The League In 3 pt attempts::1st team all-nba brick artists:  PG Rose SG Bryant SF James PF Griffin C Howard
mikeyichiro51::He doesnt brick because he only shots when he is within 5ft of the rim
Reality_And_Truth::Kobe Bryant is the king of the Brick Layers.........
Dukeisking2010::So does Howard and Griffin. Honestly for Power Forward it should be Josh Smith because he tends to fall in love with that mid ranger J, and center should probable be the same because the position sucks so much.
Rick-Da-Villain::And that team would win it all..try again
Dukeisking2010::James? Pretty high field goal percentage for a guy who bricks. Although most his scoring is dunks, easy points off turnovers and such, but still he doesn't really brick.
poodagg::you dont watch basketball!
mikeyichiro51::Is MJ gonna suite up this week or what?
poodagg::he will sell his share of the team next summer and come back in 2014!  funny thing is he could still average 15ppg, maybe even 20 for this team!
Dukeisking2010::LOL I honestly think if they played 82 games this year, Charlotte would still win only 7 games.
BigSmo5::haha i'm sure the NBA will Rig the lotto like they did with Patrick Ewing and he ends up going to brookyln to open the new building
Dukeisking2010::That would be crazy. I would say Washington is a good fit because I keep imagining John Wall throwing an lob to Davis for the slam, but then I realized the Wizards suck as well.
BigSmo5::poor anthony davis
Dukeisking2010::Lmao he's probably begging god to let Charlotte get the 2nd overall pick.
BigSmo5::yeah that will teach them to try and build a team around henderson and magette i mean get real
Dukeisking2010::Henderson is at best a decent third, maybe 4th option, and lol come on Jordan, Maggette? Really?
Nole2008::I heard Derrick Rose reinjured his foot watching film of him running.
Rick-Da-Villain::lame
Dukeisking2010::lmao imagine.
REDD 2192::go bulls go scal
