M-K-G::GO MKG
213LALALand::I'm happy for the Bobcats that they drafted MKG. Seems like Scottie Pippen 2.0 if he reaches his potential. I have no idea why the ESPN experts were concerned over his scoring ability. Did they not see this kid in high school? When he went to Kentucky he was sharing the ball and doing the team thing. But MKG can ball, and it looks like Kemba Walker has been reinvigorated now that he's actually playing with somebody good. Walker and MKG will make a solid duo, although they need a post scorer. But MKG could end up being the answer to Kevin Durant.
JalanhamIU::Starting line up for next year (I hope) Kemba, Henderson, MKG, Bismack and Cody Zeller! They would be unstoppable haha
Lakers Are Forever::kemba walker. 8 steals.
ThaLakeShow55::MKG gets mentioned as the hero even though Walker had a superior statline.  UK bias continues
Mr. Bradford::MKG had only one less point, but 8-10 from the field, not 10-22, had more rebounds (offensive &amp; defensive), but needs to work on them assists.
Mr. Bradford::My Mavs starting 5 just didn't play an defense. No to mention, the Bobcats had more rebounds, steals and assists. Not a bad game from the Charlotte Bobcats.  However, when you're 3-20 from three point land, maybe you shouldn't trying to shoot from out there.
Emoney321000::Guys, the Bobcats are only 2 1/2 games out of first! They're still in the playoff hunt.
NCR8derSkinfan::LMAO
Mr. Bradford::No, they aren't.
Emoney321000::And please tell me you know i'm joking.
Emoney321000::yeah, they are
Road dog Red::The Bobbies have now won TWO games.. the sky is the limit
Road dog Red::GO  BOBCATS... bada BING
UK fan 4 ever::If bobcats get rid of byron trash mullens who jacks up bricks everytime he touches is they might actually be a .500 club. Bismack&gt;Mullens.
AGirlThatLovesSports_::Biz&gt;&gt;&gt;
AGirlThatLovesSports_::Mullens &gt;&gt;&gt; I like Biz but he needs to develop first!
ACDallas702::Bismack is such a bust.
WeAreMarquette 2.0::5 of the 6 top draft picks from last year are now averaging 12+ PPG
CaptainObvious20122012::Kemba Walker had 8 steals last night. Unreal. I didn't know he could play defense like that.
WeAreMarquette 2.0::thanks captain obvious
Tnayshuss::Just get that coach of the year award all polished up for Coach Dunlap.
lakers will be 2013 champs::gog. kemba walker got 8 steals. and 6 rebounds and hes only 6 foot.
bengalsrgay43034::glad the bobcats got another win.  makes me feel a little bit better about my pacers loosing to them lol
Neil826::now they just need some new uniforms.
PanthersNc22::Kemba was a Machine last night....Dudes stat line was insane...Gotta be leading the league in steals after last night!  MKG and Kemba are looking like their gonna be a great Tandem for the next few years.  Still got some growing to do, but we look good!!!
CoolRod365::MKG MKG!
OmniVersal::Nice to see Kemba doing work. Where's Jimmer now lol. Also MKG is a beast.
golf19891989::If I were a Laker fan, I would not be on any website talking crap about anyone right now. True, Mike Brown's Princeton offense did not go well with your talent base, but at least wait until you have a winning record to say anything. Nobody cares about the past.
edboogie2006::I'm seeing a lot of comments that Dallas sucks but how about giving the young Bobcats some credit for doing what they had to do at home.  They're not going to be a bottom feeder forever.
flyingstilts::Congratulations on beating a team without its two best players on your SEVENTEENTH try. Remember you're still better than the lakers , who are the new laughing stocks of the league
chesse100::ok and the bobcats dont have gerald henderson and we beat you with a rookie who has not scored in double fiqures.
rp3thax::@flyingstilts, the Lakers may be the laughing stock of the league in your opinion but keep in mind, that the Mavs have one title in 35 years of existence.  What a crappy franchise.
edboogie2006::Excuses.
Jganon93::mkg is such a stud. the bobcats couldnt go wrong with that draft pick. hes their starting small forward for the next decade
Jmore09::MGK was the reason the bobcats won? How about kemba putting up 26, 6, 7 and 8...even lebron hasnt flirted that close with a quadruple double
pogi_mavs::trade troy murphy and get chris andersen...
TitanGM::Bob's Cats won.
cha cha chia12345::Bobcats lol
gerald_5::dallas crashing back to earth...
buccodude::MKG can be a special player and Kemba is shaping up to be a very good PG. This will be a very good team in a few years. Really like the direction. One more good off season and a quality draft pick (i want Shabazz Muhammad) and this can be a pretty high seed in the playoffs
Tnayshuss::I love how my Cats fought tonight.  Gritty &amp; Gutty.
Miami Heat 07::ESPN sources confirmed Lakers are closing in on trade:  http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=cxjs9ra
rollinoverthetide1968::Been betting with a system for sports bets named Sportsbettingstar. I have made over $3,000 a month for three consecutive months now since I found out about this system. You can find it on the first page of Google by searching the phrase Sports Betting System. At first I thought this was going to be bogus but ended up being awesome..
Miami Heat 07::^ clearly a scam
Antsea91::HELL YEAH REPRESENT
pogi_mavs::waived troy murphy...
Miami Heat 07::No Murhpy, no title
Awesome Hasaface The Retrial::Free Roddy B for more than 12 minutes and see what happens
CBass1317::probably hurt himself
Eg214::Mavs gave away the game to many careless mistakes at the end of regulation.. GG By the Cats they stuck around and pulled out a win. My Mavs Need marion Back atleast
lakers2010nbachampions39::mavs fans talked about a victory!!!! what happen that statement when on to bite them!!!
lakers2010nbachampions39::dallas lost!!!! damn they suck
Miami Heat 07::Lakers weren't one of only two teams to be beaten by Charlotte in their last 30 games
Eg214::They still have a better record than ur lakers
Eg214::Mavs need marion back atleast
mswans15::Kemba is starting to look like that top 10 pick we used on him
brandonstephensy::If only he can be consistent
Takushiba Chan::KEMBA MVP!
thel1195::Mavs blew both games in a back to back.  I almost expected it last night, but they came out and gave NY a game.  Tonight, it was like all the mistake people thought they would have made since the season opener they made in one game.  Everybody just looked exhausted.  No one to carry the load with Marion out, Dirk out and VC's pulled groin muscle.  Yeah, I know he played but he was not the same guy  we've seen.  Let's hope  this is a small slide and not a pattern.
brandonstephensy::Bobcats won! fire Carlisle
lakers2010nbachampions39::this game is embrassing!!! bobcats embrassed them. LMAO!!!
AvengedByCats::Embarrassing yourself with that spelling.
popdaddy1518::so far so good, whatever the record is a month or two from now looks like the will be competitive
CandySparker::Michael Kidd-Gilchrist Superstar
gsquared112::Kemba and MKG overcoming the MJ curse
UK fan 4 ever::Zeller will be a bust Bazz or Noel will be better.
aiyannalane::could land Zeller next year if Stern don't screw us again.
WeAreMarquette 2.0::or Shabazz or Noel
-FlyEaglesFly-::damn kemba. the closes thing to a quadruple double since tim duncan a couple of years ago
eototalt::The Wolves vs Mavs should be a good one. Hopefully my Wolves can field a team. lol
686brent::Where's that fool that was on here last night saying MKG was a bust
TCluvcarpanthers::Probably trolling the Kings board calling Thomas Robinson a bust.
lakers2010nbachampions39::pissing his pants no doubt
cvtox1::John Wooden 101: How to properly tie your shoes.  Come on, MKG.  I knew he'd be a difference maker.  Go Big Blue.
hillybilly400::Bobcats over the Mavs...........................  WOW...................all I can say is...................WOW....................
CarolinaPanthersFan8738::lol
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::the mavs suck why are u shocked
CarolinaPanthersFan8738::Dahntay: "I guess we though they were gonna go away. They don't go away. ... They deserved it more than we did."...more  Thats a testament to how we go into games scrappy and have heart/pride
