zacharyerlebach::Hack-a-Dwight is not a bad thing. To think that Stern might actually make it so that you can't use that strategy the entire 48 minutes is absurd. It's called fixing your free throw shot...to think that Stern is going to grab a tissue for Dwight's issue is ridiculous.
KnickerBoxLiferDeath::Dude, the jazz are the 2nd worst defensive team in league and were on a back to back game. I told you, Lin only does good against bad defensive teams or teams on double headers. Lin can play 20 games, do great in 3, and ok in 3 yet horrible in 14 and your all think the real lin is the guy from the 3 great games. Its amazing. The dude sucks and plays like 42 mins a night lmao.
Dawan208::I notice that every time Jeremy has one turnover , sampson benches him.   It looks like he's trying to break Lin's will and confidence.   Such in point the lakers game.   In the first 15 minutes jlin had 1steal, showed defense on Kobe and went for a layup.   And he was still bench?????   He does not want Jeremy to succeed.   I never seen a starter being paid big money to warm the bench.    It's obvious that he likes T.Douglas and dislikes Lin.  He doesn't even let Lin play a good 10 minutes before he benches him!    Watch jlin will play good this next game and for no reason he will bench him!!!      He's just afraid that he will get points and look good!!!!
JustinTimeHeHe::I cant get over the fact at how stupid you truly are to think that way... holy $@%! dude.. Every player sits on the bench you moron. Lin gets bench every 20 mins just like any other player. Even less than that in fact.. get a grip, you know nothing. What do you expect him to play the whole game nonstop? YOUR A $@%!$@% IDIOT AND biased as hell towards your fellow asian. !$@%!$@ guuk, Lin sucks and douglas whoops his %!$ anyda of the week
KnickerBoxLiferDeath::Hey stanley cup boy yoru a sad little man with a small $@%!$
Stanley5826::Bieber boy, u are really obsessed with Lin. Worse than the Lin fan boys.
Stanley5826::Hey Bieber boy, go back to your ny board and celebrate your win instead of spreading your BS here.
Dawan208::And Justin you are no expert , saying Douglas is a better player then Lin.   Douglas had a good game against the lakers.     But Lin had a good game against the Jazz the game before.    You say Douglas is better  but can you back that up with stats.  I think not!!!!!!   Lin has more assist ,steals per minutes than Douglas (when does Douglas ever get steals -  NEVER!!!!!!!! )  And so Douglas is not a better defender then Lin.   When Lin is guarding his opponents(other pgs) they never hardly get big points on him.   You watch the next game and I guareentee that pg will dish the ball to other open players on their team because Lin is all over him!!!!!      You only look at Lin and say he's Asian and therefore can't play better then Douglas.       The only thing that Douglas is better than Lin at is shooting threes.    That's all.   But who cares Ray Allen is better at that then Lebron but Lebron is a better all around player!!!!!!!.
Dawan208::No jlin played great the game before with 19 points and 3 steals.    I don't care what you say because you are a Lin hater.   And your comments are only negative comments.  So you only see the bad in him..  When he scored 19-20 points all the Knicks trolls are quiet.   This is how we know Justin that you are a troll because when he has great games you are never on these boards and the rest of the ICKS trolls are also not on these boards.      Jeremy Lin fans when you see justintimehehe comment just look over it.   He just a stupid low life troll who comes on the Houston boards only to trash Lin.   He has nothing else to do. I guess if jlin gets traded to the lakers, he'll troll there to.   Just ignore him -- he's a low life!!!!!!!!!
JustinTimeHeHe::"I never seen a starter get paid big money to play trhe bench" LMAO yeah, that wasnt the plan ,trust me... But Douglas has been a better player and IS  a better player, open he plays better  with less than half the amount of mins. Lin sucks, jesus christ what is wrong with you people? I wonder how your gonna act when the find a new pg and replace Lin, then he'll get no time at all because he was a huge let down.
JustinTimeHeHe::""In the first 15 minutes jlin had 1steal, showed defense on Kobe and went for a layup. And he was still bench????? He does not want Jeremy to succeed"" LMAO i have come to believe you delusional Linfanatics only see and believe what you choose to. You live in denial. HE practically to guard kobut! He scored absolutely nothin and he contributes crap for the amount of time he plays. Your only gonna break your heart believing in a nobody like Jlin
JustinTimeHeHe::Dude shutup, he is t errible. Dougas is the better player and for that, won them the game bailing Lin out once again so just stop it. LINSANITY IS OVER, went to far as it is. You have no respect for his team. Expect to see them finally start Douglas over Lin because they are a good team and deserve a good point guard, Douglas isn't even a pg lol but he is better at i than Lin is PERIOD.
Ismael0627::Just wanted to post this again. Great job to HOU for taking advantage of the Lakers turnovers in crunch time. Sampson tone down the hack a Dwight, you'll get criticized hard being the acting head coach, LOL.  Only thing Lakers did good is make Lin nonexistence. He only had 4 points and Parsons barely follows.
Mark Wangner::I'm not a fan of either team but these were terrible highlights; didn't even cover the big storyline of the game: Lakers lose another game due to poor defense down the stretch and Hack-a-Dwight. Instead ESPN has some monotone announcer talk about Pau's tendinitis. Come on....
KnickerBoxLiferDeath::Scroll down if you want to laugh at a very angry butthurt Lin fan
Dawan208::Justinteteloseriam has nothing all day but to say Lin sucks.    He is obsesses with Lin and is a low life troll!!!!!
rEdBuLxTaSy::YEEHAW!!!  YOU'RE JLIN'S #1 OBSESSED FAN ON ESPN :):):)
JustinTimeHeHe::yOUR A FUQQING LIAR TOOO. Im the one whoalways comes here and you say thats sheyt about me, now your saying he is the obsessed one? The guy didnt even do anything. You say the same $@%! to everyone that admits lin sucks to make them look like there just haters. Yur so pathetic once your figured out man. I would slap the sheyt out of you if ever saw your geeky little $@% because your so fuqqing annoying, the way you treat everyone that talks about Lin, what a lowlife, get a job or something you possessive loser
JustinTimeHeHe::Whos the obsessed one? You fuqqing nutjob, get off Lins dik, the guy sucks. Ak anybody and they'll tell you. Oh, but there the obsessed ones, GIVE ME A FUQQING BREAK MAN. You come here and say the SAME SHEYT OVER AND OVER AND OVER, GET A FUQQING LIFE, YOUR HERO SUCK AT BALL!!!!!!!!! YOUR A LOSER, THATS WHY YOU ROOT FOR ONE
420Northwest::kobe is shooting his Huggies commercial today.
ZinBayArea::Imagine if the Lakers weren't getting completely supported by the refs...  2-16..?
Oscar Robertson::Alright "Looks good on u tho", I bet that you have learned a lot from me this evening. I am leaving this board now because nothing will last forever. If you still have any questions or concerns, please feel free to contact me via my ESPN profile.
KnickerBoxLiferDeath::Rockets are a good team, but they HAFTO find a better point guard, end of story. They can be a good playoff team if they had someone like Lowry at Pg. Any pg that can atleast shoot would be better than Lin. He does NOTHING and plays like 35 mins a night, sometimes over 40 mins a night. They need a new pg and expect them to look for one
fred3857::No matter Lin is good or bad now,Linsanity did exist a while and he did make his teammates fro nobody to somebody both in Knisks and Rockets.Do you agree that.Can somebody else make it ?
Ismael0627::Lin already torched Kyle Lowry the last time.
JustinTimeHeHe::hahhaha wtf??
Dawan208::Shut him up!   Knickerbox that is!!!!!!!
rileymg23::Douglas can't play shooting guard u idiot because he is one of the worst outside shots out of all the guards in the league. his field goal and 3 point percentage is terrible he just can't hit outside shots on a consistent basis
JustinTimeHeHe::What are you fuqqing dum? why wouldnt he be good at SG (his real position) off the bench when he as been great at pg off the bench? Your a god dam moron. Look at his stats wth the Knicks while playing sg than punch ypourself in the face for me a.z.zhole
cfylong::Cockroach likes to talk to himself.  Or, herself.
KnickerBoxLiferDeath::I think you losers come here JUST to insult anyone who speaks on Lin because you now know you fell in love with a crappy pg.. GET OVER IT loser. You havent wrote 1 thing on here about basketball because you know nothing about it. The sooner the Rockets do the right thing for the team and bench Lin, the sooner we can be free of dealing with you biased pieces of trash
KnickerBoxLiferDeath::And wow, you are ONE BUTTHURT little Lin fan hahaha. Get over it, and you have the nerve to call others butthurt...what a joke
KnickerBoxLiferDeath::Are you talking to me or him? I dont even know you
cfylong::The cockroach is still butthurt Lin left them.  BooHoo...
DuaneXC::This is a wash.  Most expected to eat the Asik contract and he has played up to it.  That said, they've got to go with Douglas at PG right now.
KnickerBoxLiferDeath::Yep
KnickerBoxLiferDeath::Amare will most likely be playing off the bench too when he returns, though he should get better mins than most other bench-players
Looks good on u tho::Based on that contract they gave to Lin....I think they are going to live or die with him for the next couple years.
KnickerBoxLiferDeath::Look good I agree with you there buddy. Absolutely correct, its a shame
Looks good on u tho::No argument...Lin was in the right place at the right time.  Had some good games in the best market.  I think Houston forgot that they were one of four teams that had cut him previously.    Defines the "15 minutes of fame" - and he cashed in on it.  Good for him.
KnickerBoxLiferDeath::Yes... but that's there fault for putting 30 million worth of trust in a guy that had less than 10 good games prior.. I said from the get go that this is what it would come to. If they ever want to be taken seriously, they will find a new pg. Anyway, some players are best for a bench role. Jamal Crawford is a banchplayer and gets more than Lin
Looks good on u tho::Maybe - but that is a ton of cash sitting on the bench for such a high profile pick up.  Along with Harden, Lin is the face of that franchise.
KnickerBoxLiferDeath::Remember Douglas is really a SG, not PG. And he would make a good bench player. But they hafto do something about the starting pg position because Lin is dragging them behind
KnickerBoxLiferDeath::No way man. I agree with you that they will try to get as much out of him as they can but they will bench him and put Douglas to play SG off the bench.
Oscar Robertson::ESPN
Oscar Robertson::Looks good on u tho, I think that you are probably only about four or five years old based on reading your posts on this board.
rileymg23::really thats cool I didn't know u could do that
Looks good on u tho::Funny.  I would say the same about you based upon your inability to put coherent sentences together without editing them 5 times.
Oscar Robertson::Alright Looks good on u tho, I bet that you have learned a lot from me this evening. I am leaving this board now because nothing will last forever. If you still have any questions or concerns, please feel free to contact me via my ESPN profile.
Looks good on u tho::You do everything I tell you to do on this board.  Who owns who?
Oscar Robertson::I own you like I own a dog.
Oscar Robertson::I am recognized as the most versatile player of all-time. In the 1961-1962 NBA season, my second year in the league, I was averaging 33.8 points, 12.5 rebounds, and 12.4 assists per game, an average of a triple-double for an entire season. Not even Magic Johnson or Larry Bird could match those numbers. In addition, I have 181 career triple doubles.
Looks good on u tho::Good boy.  Have another cookie.  "In THE 1961-1962 NBA season"
Looks good on u tho::...and you're a punk that plays with his junk in your parent's basement.
Oscar Robertson::You are a punk that lives in a junk yard.
Looks good on u tho::Wow - you're like my little puppet b!tch.  Roll over boy. Sit. Fetch.
Oscar Robertson::How old are you?
Looks good on u tho::"In 1961-62 was my second year in the league:"  Damn - almost got that one.    Keep practicing.
Oscar Robertson::Kobe Bryant tells "Looks good on u tho" To "Put Your Big Boy Pants On"
Looks good on u tho::Good boy.  Now go get a cookie.
Looks good on u tho::"Looks"   Don't worry....just another one of those pesky typos....
MontanaAggie::Rockets radio announcer after Lakers gack up last nites game.    "The Lakers just pooped their big boy pants."    LOLOLOLOLOLOL
Sonic_Sooner::They played that on sports radio in OKC.  Repeatedly.  HILARIOUS!!!!!
nancynjw::I heard that and just about peed my pants....
Oscar Robertson::If Dwight Howard can shoot free throws, he will become a top 10 center in the NBA.
Sonic_Sooner::I remember they said that about Shaquille O'Neal, too.  A HORRIBLE free throw shooter will never become a good free throw shooter.
Looks good on u tho::And you didn't make the last correction in your post below.  "...greatest player in NBA history."  Not "the" NBA history.  Run along school boy.
Looks good on u tho::Yeah.  I'm sure that's it.    It's not your fault. It's not your fault. It's not your fault.  You're sure deadly on the "like" button, though.
Oscar Robertson::Sometime when I type, there is a typo because I am human and no one is perfect.
Looks good on u tho::And if monkeys flew out of your butt you would be a side show freak instead of merely an illiterate troll.  (Wait-let me like my own post, now)
Oscar Robertson::Lakers are done in the NBA.
Oscar Robertson::Looks good on u tho, quit liking your own comments.
Oscar Robertson::You sound like an ignorant person who just moved from the jungle.
GWOPY::Much like a cancer, Dwight Howard has many primary and secondary detrimental effects on his team.
Looks good on u tho::I see what you did there.
GWOPY::Dwight Howard is such a silly, stupid clown. He's a fourth-quarter cancer, and he thinks he's the second coming of Bill Russel. It's pathetic. They should get rid of him.
GWOPY::It's not offensive. We're not talking about life and death. We're talking about basketball. I'm using an analogy. Focus on your treatment, not on being overly sensitive.
BigBadLakers420::As much as I hate to admit it u might be right!
BigBadLakers420::But don't use the word cancer to describe that, its offensive. I had cancer. I ask u nicely please.
jonesnet1015::Lakers get lit up by Vasquez tonight!!
BigBadLakers420::Ppfffff! Not going to happen! Bet u 20$? Oh wait..
BigBadLakers420::Lakers will be about 7 to 8 games above 500. By Allstar break. Then after the break they will be dangerous and once the playoffs come around watch out! They always figure it out some way or another!
Looks good on u tho::...and then I woke up.
jscmedia::yeah but how about those Rockets?  Go Baby Rockets! Fun times............................long way to go, but at last we have some direction. And a bench.
Ilovechicken2::On other news. Lebrick lost to the wizards. ROFLMAO HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Looks good on u tho::Yet, the Heat are 12-4 and LA lost to Sacramento and a depleted Dallas team at home.
Oscar Robertson::I am Hall of Famer Oscar Robertson. I am the best because I am the only player in NBA history to average a triple-double in a season, averaging 33.8 points, 12.5 rebounds, and 12.4 assists per game. I am even better than Michael Jordan, Magic Johnson, Larry Bird, Kareem Abdul Jabbar, and Bill Russell. In addition, do not try to compare Michael Jordan, Lebron James or Kobe Bryant to me. In my NBA career, I had 181 triple-doubles, a record that has never been approached. The league today is different from my era. Most fouls that have been called today would not be fouls when I was playing back in the day. When I was playing during my era, I was playing with pain, passion, emotion, and sacrificing my body in order to become the greatest player in NBA history. Who are Lebron James, Michael Jordan, and Kobe Bryant?”
Looks good on u tho::Normally, I would not call out such things, but since you are the "Master of the English language"  ..averaged a "triple-doubles"  Most foul that has been called today....  ...to be the greatest player in the NBA history.  Keep practicing, school boy.
Looks good on u tho::The power of christ compels you. The power of christ compels you.
Oscar Robertson::My English grammar is better than yours, idiot.
OKoilfieldtrash::I just compared you...
isitme10::Does ESPN have ownership in the Lakers?
Ilovechicken2::Time to face reality: Lebron is on steriod, the Lakers are old, Nba is a joke, racism is alive.
isitme10::2 out of 4 aint bad
Oscar Robertson::Kobe Bryant is actually one of the best NBA players in the world because he ranks in the top 57 NBA player of all time.
Looks good on u tho::Keep editing....you'll get there.  Maybe.
Oscar Robertson::I am the Master of the English language.
Looks good on u tho::Stings...doesn't it.
Looks good on u tho::I'm crying on the inside.  And it's:  My grammar is actually better than YOURS, idiot.  Keep practicing.
Oscar Robertson::You are a joke on ESPN boards.
Looks good on u tho::Same number as grammatical errors in that one sentence.
isitme10::If the Lakers were smart...drop Kobe, Ron &amp; Nash.....go get Chris Paul &amp; Gerald Wallace. You would have a true pg &amp; Wallace is a true defensive player that can score &amp; younger then Ron
Looks good on u tho::If they were smart - they would write off next year.  Trade Pau for nothing - picks and/or trade exception.  Don't resign Dwight; and amnesty Kobe.  That gets them under the salary cap with no luxury tax payment (weren't going to win anyway).  After 2013-2014 only Nash will be under contract for about $9.5 mil.  A bunch of potential FA's will be available including the Wade/Bosh/Lebron (player options).  Roll the dice and hope.
Ilovechicken2::Lebron is on steriod.
OKoilfieldtrash::So he took it once?
Chickism::I'm not a fan of D'antoni's system TBQH, especially when we could have had Jackson.  One thing is for sure, the Lakers never had a problem closing out games when PJ was at the helm.  C'est La Vie.  Jim Buss will hopefully learn how to own the Lakers over time.  Can't win rings every year, no matter how good an organization you have.   Right now, it seems like the problem is Defense.  It isn't optional, and it needs to be at its best in the 4th quarter.
Oscar Robertson::In addition, the greatest thing that Kobe Bryant has accomplished in his life is being the top 57 NBA player of all time.
_Amaru::like your own comments much?
steranwag::Respect the heck out of Kobe but last night was bad to watch
jscmedia::Actually that was one of the most satisfying basketball games in ages!   oh yeah...Go Rockets !
_Amaru::True Shooting Percentage; a measure of shooting efficiency that takes into account 2-point field goals, 3-point field goals, and free throws.  Michael Jordan TS%: .569 Kobe Bryant TS%: .555  http://www.basketball-reference.com/players/j/jordami01.html http://www.basketball-reference.com/players/b/bryanko01.html
steranwag::TS?
JrueRandallHoliday::True shooting percentage...
isitme10::Mike Brown to Kobe:  Tell me how my a$$ taste!!!
never said itd be easy being Philly fan::d'antoni is just like eagle's reid, has a system that's been shown not to work, but wants to show  he is smarter than everyone else.
Oscar Robertson::The reason why the Lakers are losing because Kobe Bryant only cares about his stat.
Oscar Robertson::The only great thing about Kobe Bryant is that he is the King of Ball Hog.
stoop404::love watching Laker fans eat themselves alive. its so funny how quick you are to point fingers, demand trades and firings. Your not getting your ring this season. This is the worst bunch of baby fans in the league. i hope you all enjoy seeing the Clippers ahead of you in the standings, get used to that
stoop404::they see it, but wont admit it
isitme10::Clippers are a much better team but Lakers fans dont see that
Jumpman1107::Lakers suck! Heat all day !!!!!
Ilovechicken2::D'antoni's system will allow kobe to jack up as many shot as possible. Keep running and jacking up shot. I hope their legs will hold out till the season ends.
never said itd be easy being Philly fan::helps they only play half the court.
isitme10::Question: The Lakers would be a better team if LeBron replaced Kobe but would the Heat be better if they had Kobe?? (for all who think Kobe is a better player)
isitme10::I dont see any playoff team taking Kobe
Looks good on u tho::Hypothetical:  IF LA amnestied Kobe's final year of his contract ($30 mil).  Which established playoff caliber team (assuming the MLE) would want him on their roster?  Maybe Dallas?  Can't see OKC would want him or Pop in SA.  Can't even envision the Heat taking him.
Ilovechicken2::Lakers will not be a better team if Lebron replaced kobe. Lebrick need D-wade, C-bosh, you know athletic players that can still run and play defense. Not old players.
isitme10::Go eat some chicken cause u sound crazy
Oscar Robertson::From 2001-2002 NBA season - Present, Kobe Bryant averages 23.9 FGA per game.  Kobe Bryant is the King of Ball Hog since he won his first NBA Championships.
Canyoudunk86::Kobe is never scared to shoot the ball lol...He probably would shoot every shot if his teammates let him
Oscar Robertson::Before the 2000 NBA season, he only averaged about 10 FGA per game because he was still young and he scared to take too many shots.
_Amaru::i'm pretty sure he wasn't scared
BrianDaweret2443::hilarious everything that is happening with them.. http://tinyurl.com/hmpday125 enjoy
Clipper Fan Since the Jazz Flop::Also D'Antoni's system isnt gonna work. They don't have enough shooters for this system to work. World Peace isn't known for his shooting and neither is Dwight. Seriously this is just a bad lakers roster.
never said itd be easy being Philly fan::on talent alone, they will get over .500.  but it will be a mess all year. howard still playing free agent game (think he just loves the attention and no one will call him out cause they want him longterm).
Clipper Fan Since the Jazz Flop::Jeremy Lin = Scrub alert! And people complained about Sampson giving Douglas so much playing time.
_Amaru::Michael Jordan FGA Per Game: 22.9  Lebron James FGA Per Game: 20.4  Kobe Bryant FGA Per Game: 19.6    http://www.basketball-reference.com/players/j/jordami01.html http://www.basketball-reference.com/players/j/jamesle01.html http://www.basketball-reference.com/players/b/bryanko01.html
CubicleJoe::skewed by his years spent riding the pine.  compare their seasons as starters.  then FG%.
Looks good on u tho::Jordan came into the league on a crappy team and averaged 30+ points out of the gate.  LeBron - the same thing.  Kobe's rookie year he averaged 15 min and about 6 shots.  Didn't become a real prominant player until his 3rd year in the league.
Oscar Robertson::From 2001-2002 NBA season - Present, Kobe Bryant averages 23.8 FGA per game.
isitme10::he's a ball-hog, snitch &amp; booty snatcher but he can ball
isitme10::And???
never said itd be easy being Philly fan::hate kobe, but who hould he pass the ball too?  mwp, never know what you'll get w him.  pau is getting spinters.  howard either turns it over or gets fouled than bricks at line (his strenth is lobs and cleaning glass).  and bench stinks.
_Amaru::just for all the people that say Kobe is a ball-hog...
isitme10::Lakers need a LeBron lol!!!
Oscar Robertson::Dwight Howard does not care about winning because he only cares about acting.  The primary reason that Howard came to L.A. is to train to become a celebrity in Hollywood.  In this moment, he is in the processing of achieving his goal.
isitme10::Do the Lakers even know how to play defense....ever heard of help defense!!!
never said itd be easy being Philly fan::they're waiting for Nash, he'll solve all problems
Looks good on u tho::Kobe's defense is to overplay passing angles; blindly go for steals; and then throw up his hands begging for help when he gets beat back door for layups.  Must be effective, though.  How many All Defensive teams has he made?
nba is the worst::Good teams "find ways to win".  Lakers "find ways to lose".  To act like the Lakers' poor defense in the 4th Q is because of defensive effort issues rather than fatigue due to the system is erroneous.
JaySizzle23::fatigue is not due to the system. fatigue is due to the fact they're old
Looks good on u tho::You've posted this several times.  What is your point?  How is this going to get better as the season goes on?  You have old players in an up-tempo system.  It's only going to get worse.  Not that I agree with you.  At all.  They sat around watching DH miss free throws.  Should have been well rested.
bravemarillion::There's no way given the dysfunction, the style of play and the pathetic bench that the Lakers have that I feel they will make a deep run in the playoffs this season. Just reality sinking in. At least I think given Phil's background and different approach they would have a better chance. Hope I'm wrong.
gatorfan808::two new HOF starters coming in and use to playing a certain way, tough to say how long it would take them to adjust and find a role in the triangle offense.  World Peace never found his role.  This is not the same team when Phil left.
cooltapes777::Kobe is a great player, but it's pretty arrogant as an organization to think you can compete with ZERO BENCH.   How did that work in 2004? And this is not gonna get anywhere close to 2004.
Ric3524::... they made it to the finals and lost to the best defensive team in the league? I agree though, this is not like the Heat where the players are young enough to develop as a team and still retain their athleticism in their prime.
gatorfan808::Problem was that you had internal conflicts on the team.  Kobe going through a rape trial.  You would think that Phil of all people could keep this team focused but couldn't.  Pistons steamrolled this team 4-1.
gatorfan808::Problem is when Kobe takes 31 shots, it is easy to defend this team.  They are predictable.
