zagsfan82::No playing time for Jimmer again.....if this continues these boards will have half the comments and the kings will lose about 25% of there fans since the kings got about 25% more fans when Jimmer joined the team.
HowardUGrad2010::Just dont play that Mormon weakling bust, Jimmer.... and the kings will start winning games. Just trade this softie  to Utah where he belongs along with Garcia, and Donte Greene. They all suck.
Zach4panthers::I agree 100%. Jimmer belongs in Utah where he can sell tickets to people looking for the next great white superstar. Kings on the other hand need more front court depth and cohesion so maybe trade him for Favors or Millsap (if the Jazz are dumb enough to do that)
cramny::The Kings are nothing but a playground team...give me the ball so I can shoot it. Very little passing the ball. Jimmer would fit in great with a team that plays TEAM Ball and there are teams out there that play TEAM Ball.
mcshumway::Please, folks.  Too much reactionary stuff going on here between the Jimmer lovers and the Jimmer haters.  It is too early to call Jimmer a bust.  It is the curse of hype.  If he were getting the minutes that, say,  Brandon Knight or Kemba Walker are getting, he would have comparable stats.  Jimmer was riding a tremendous confidence high last year, what with all the awards, the media adulation, the rock star status at BYU, and his undisputed place as the leader of his team.  But before all that, when he was a freshman at BYU, he wasn't shooting the lights out.  He was a nice guy trying to fit in (and he already fit in better at BYU in terms of personality than he does in the NBA).  That's what's happening now -- trying to fit in by being a true point guard and not a ball hog, and not feeling the confidence of this teammates and coach as he did in college.  I don't think this Kings team is the best fit for Jimmer, though one could argue that their playground style of one-on-one offense should work for him if he would just shoot the ball more.  It will take time for the Kings and Jimmer to figure things out.
NickKruel::Can someone tell me why jimmer isn't playing? He was having a great stretch now he doesn't play?
WarriorsGO::Thats one thing I didnt like about Coach Smart when he was the Warriors coach. He tends to put players in the dog house.
JacobyJ4::difference really has been Salmons... Jimmer was getting fairly good numbers as a Starter but with Thornton back and Salmons playing well it is going to be difficult for him to get enough time to satisfy anyone who is a fan of his game... But I would like to say over the games that he was Starting with Thornton gone he did play quite well even though he only averaged like 23 min... hardly starter minutes... this kid will be a really good player some day but he needs time to continue to grow, a coach who believes in him, and probably a different team as the Kings have really made it clear they do not wish to move Tyreke or Thornton around... Honestly trade him Kings because you are not allowing him to develop and if you are sticking with Reke and Thornton you do not need him, (I feel he is a smarter player than both) you can still get quite a bit for him at this juncture I would think and both sides will benefit... if you hold on to him he will leave in two years and you will have nothing for it...  he doesn't feel welcome and someone will give him the time that he really quite honestly deserves..
lagunaking::Great stretch for him and 5 game losing streak for the Kings!
PhillyPhever.FlyEaglesFly::maybe the coach is just not playing the rookies. honeycutt is pretty good but hes benched as well
potter the rotter::Thornton's back and Jimmer's last game was bad (yes, after a decent stretch), so the coach decided to "send him a message." I agree it's lousy.
HowardUGrad2010::Coach Smart, Thank you for listening to me and reading my post below(see comments I made earlier, just scroll all the way down)...Thank you for putting that Mormon, non talented, and 2012 NBA Draft well-known Bust (Jimmer Freddette) on the DNP-CD. Probably, the best decision you ever made than that idiot Westphal...  Bottom-line, if the Kings will ever make it to the playoff, just dont play that Mormon weakling, Jimmer, ever ever again. Send that loser to Toronto Raptors for 2 Future draft picks. Thank you again, Coach Smart.
MrBillyBates::no, jimmer is pathetic. isaiah thomas is so much better, jimmer is just garbage. smart should bench him for good. better yet trade him to utah to see how much u can get for him, before the whole league finds out he is useless
joshsy77::Again with the bigotry.  Your name implies that you went to a school which is traditionally african-american, but your bigoted comment makes you no better hiding behind a name like yours than those hiding behind a pointed white hat.  You're pathetic.
tarumpaw::lol 10 points from the bench.
mcase94::why didnt jimmer play?
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::i'm out, gn all. Great win kings, 2 in a row, keep it up. Later all, GO KINGS!
treezeyforsheezey::News flash to Kings fans: the only reason people televise your games is because of Jimmer. Enjoy your last month with a basketball team!
5 Sport Capper::7-0 Tonight. www.5sportcapper.webs.com  Register for Free Picks
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::There was a sick putback reverse dunk in my Aztecs win, it better be on top plays
siistiz::twil0 thunder is a $@%!$@
siistiz::twil0 thunder is a $@%!$@
twil0 thunder::how's my assssssss taste? =)
siistiz::twil0 thunder is a $@%!$@
twil0 thunder::keep swallowing my jizzzzzzz =)
siistiz::twil0 thunder is a $@%!$@
twil0 thunder::keep washing my balls =)
DaleHammers3::i really hate agreeing with thunder about ANYTHING, but as a Chiefs fan, gotta agree on the Chargers part :D
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::lol
twil0 thunder::your teams are all awful lmfao @ this loser =)
twil0 thunder::go cry moar loser boy =)
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::shut up troll
j3asays::LMFAO to the teams that didn't pick up Nate Robinson! dudes a BALLER
siistiz::twil0 thunder is a $@%!$@
twil0 thunder::he sucks and has big purple lips =)
twil0 thunder::which schvartze in professional sports has the biggest purple lips?  =)
siistiz::twil0 thunder is a $@%!$@
twil0 thunder::my top 2 are:  tyreke evans patrick ewing (looked like a baboon)  =)
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::thunder is a racist, go away
tgreeson80::Me neither, just says flagging, and goes back to "flag."  I hear ya guys...
DaleHammers3::yup
tgreeson80::Just keep flagging him like I have.  Maybe the mods will wake up from their naps and eventually shut him down...
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::same here dale
DaleHammers3::for some reason my flags arent working right
tonyinzy::WWW.FADETHEBOOKIE.COM. ..GREAT SPORT HANDICAPPING SITE...I OWN THIS SITE…MY RECORD IS 89-20-3 IN THE PAST 4 MONTHS... I HAVE OVER 300 MEMBERS AND OVER 10 ACCESS PLANS TO CHOOSE FROM... I WAS THE HEAD GUY AT PROCAPPERS BEFORE I WENT SOLO AND OPENED MY OWN SERVICE...I AM RANKED #15 IN THE NATION....REGISTRATION IS FREE....JUST PICK A PACKAGE THAT BEST SUITS YOUR NEEDS AND MOST OF ALL A PACKAGE THAT YOU CAN AFFORD…I’VE BEEN OVER 85% EVERY YEAR FOR THE PAST 10 YEARS…I AM ALSO A SPORTS WRITER AND ANALYST FOR ESPN AND CBS SPORTS
twil0 thunder::tyreke evans has the biggest purple lips i've ever seen on a schvartze  =)
tonyinzy::lol
twil0 thunder::bigger purple lips than obama =)
siistiz::twil0 thunder is a $@%!$@
DaleHammers3::man, Obama's so full of sh it his whole BODY turned brown
tonyinzy::your right about that
twil0 thunder::big ol purple lips on these schvartze kings =)
DaleHammers3::nah, JT's lips are FAR bigger JT is one of my favorite Kings, but my GOD hes got flappers on his face
tonyinzy::WWW.FADETHEBOOKIE.COM. ..GREAT SPORT HANDICAPPING SITE...I OWN THIS SITE…MY RECORD IS 89-20-3 IN THE PAST 4 MONTHS... I HAVE OVER 300 MEMBERS AND OVER 10 ACCESS PLANS TO CHOOSE FROM... I WAS THE HEAD GUY AT PROCAPPERS BEFORE I WENT SOLO AND OPENED MY OWN SERVICE...I AM RANKED #15 IN THE NATION....REGISTRATION IS FREE....JUST PICK A PACKAGE THAT BEST SUITS YOUR NEEDS AND MOST OF ALL A PACKAGE THAT YOU CAN AFFORD…I’VE BEEN OVER 85% EVERY YEAR FOR THE PAST 10 YEARS…I AM ALSO A SPORTS WRITER AND ANALYST FOR ESPN AND CBS SPORTS
tonyinzy::only special im running is on my monthly..if you buy a month you get a month free
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::I hate the 49es, but Aldon Smith was robbed for RDPOY
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::The rest of the month, 11 games. 8 on the road, 3 at home.5 vs teams .500 or better right now, 6 vs temas under .500. Notable games: vs OKC, @MIA, @CHI, @NYK. Sure will be a tough month.
twil0 thunder::lmfao kings are going to get absolutely humiliated in the next 11 - will win 1 at most =)
siistiz::twil0 thunder is a $@%!$@
twil0 thunder::you couldn't afford to bet with me ya dumb big purple lips =)
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::wanna bet moron?
DaleHammers3::i say they stand a chance against NY, "maybe" vs OKC, other 2 will probably be 20+ point losses
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::true
DaleHammers3::dont jinx em!!!
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::...
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::since he left DMC has been beasting, it was for the best
DaleHammers3::im just glad Westphal is gone he was absolutely the wrong coach for this team
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::They can be a great team with more experience and clontrol, but it takes time
DaleHammers3::ok, inexperienced i'll give you that one they have the potential to be an awesome team, just arent there yet
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::They are not a good team, but they are really young. Suck is a strong word
DaleHammers3::would be nice, but even though i love em, i still have to accept that the Kings suck
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::sounds right, wolud like to play MIA and CHI close late
CharlesRiver27::All 5 Kings starters log 40 minutes or more and Jimmer Fredette sits on the bench the entire game. Is coach Smart just plain dumb?
angelzdoood85::I'll admit I only care about the Kings because of Jimmer.  I could care less if you guys win, I'm a Lakers fan!  Can't wait till Jimmer leaves and the kings just become.... well..... nobodies again
btate2000::Starters all playing 40+....... Really?  No good argument for that.  Play the kid.  You're not going anywhere this year.  Or trade him to a team with some resemblance of structure and organization where the players don't rule the asylum.  Kings are a mess from top down.
tgreeson80::Oh, I agreed with your point in general, just saying the built in advantage with his size.
tgreeson80::Which furthers the point of the competition level being so much different.  Jimmer was quick enough in college to create his own shot.  Not that he won't ever get there, but I don't think he IS there.
DaleHammers3::im talking about skill-set and the 2 of them are VERY close in that department Martin will put up more points, Jimmer will get more assists, but not many more for either
tgreeson80::Martin is also 6'7", which already gives him an advantage.  But I agree with the general comparison.  I think he will be just fine.  Like you said, just has to adjust to the speed of the game.
DaleHammers3::hes gonna take a year or 2, then i see him the type of player like Kevin Martin, but with a handful of assists added in
CharlesRiver27::Sorry, but it ain't sustainable to play your starters 40 minutes per game. They'll be exhausted most games. And it makes even less sense when you have a talent like Jimmer sitting on the bench. Just dumb. And for the idiots on here who say Jimmer is another JJ Reddick, did you even frigging watch Jimmer play in college? The guy can score the ball in every conceivable way. Outside, inside, wherever he wants really. He's no 1-dimensional player like Reddick.
david508540::Miami does it all the time. Thats how they learn to play together, a solid rotation. Bench players are just that. theyr dont get equal minutes. That isnt how it works.
JacobyJ4::lol it was nothing like fredettes don't even try to compare that.. not even close...
pinchejoseluis::I agree to some extent.  I think he could adjust to the level of play faster if the team play style was different.  The whole no training camp, condensed schedule, new coach thing probably isn't helping either.  He wasn't a big impact player right out of high school either.  It took some time for him to earn minutes and develop into the player he was in college.
DaleHammers3::in college Evans had a scary 3 ball too
tgreeson80::To add to Frisco and Dale, if you watched any of Reddick in college, that guy had a helluva midrange game himself...he wasn't as one dimensional as you think.
DaleHammers3::exactly what im saying
FriscoWarriors415::This is the NBA, not college. Way different
DaleHammers3::i think my criticism of him is dead on myself hes a good shooter but isnt ready for the speed and size of the players at the pro level yet hes got tons of potential but isnt ready quite yet
kfilter::why do all people care about is if jimmer gets playing time?? At best hes gonna be another jj reddick.
david508540::So many people cant accept the fact that jimmer isnt that good. He is lost on defense and is a $@%! poor PG. He is as selfish as they come. No way they win with him in the game.
JacobyJ4::kfilter... You really haven't watched Jimmer too much... a non-biased person would look at Jimmer and say dang.. kid can shoot and handle fairly well... he should have a decent shot at being a pretty good baller... So many people talk $@%! on Jimmer just because they can't understand why and unproven NBA player gets so much attention... I will tell you why... he is good man, nobody gets this much attention who is not a great player... does that mean he is going to be the next Steve Nash .. no it doesn't but lets let him develop and see what he brings by his third or fourth year.. Watch the kid before opening your mouth you won't sound so stupid, he is different player than JJ Redick. (who is a solid role player)  Honestly the kings have got a couple wins on the back of Demarcus cousins and a barrage of shots by Reke and MT but they need to fix the game in Sactown because the way they are playing now is not good basketball regardless of who gets playing time... and if you draft a kid 10th give him a chance to succeed by playing him, otherwise you should just trade him...
jmacattack134::Far better player than jj reddick... learn a little basketball before you make dumb comments.  He's a rookie so it's pretty standard his playing time is streaky.
DaleHammers3::90% of them admit they would rather see Jimmer win and the Kings lose, than the Kings win and Jimmer not play
pinchejoseluis::Because they are Jimmer fans.  My guess is Jimmer is the ONLY reason they pay any attention to the Kings.
DaleHammers3::he won the friggen game im starting to think that Jimmer fans are stupider than Tebow fans
pinchejoseluis::The starters got lucky they didn't lose the game in the 4th.  There is a reason why all of the teams in the NBA right now are playing poorly, too many games/travel in too short a time frame.  40+ minutes for anyone will start to wear them down.  This can't last long and be effective.  OT or not, spread the love a little and figure out a way to get the TEAM to play as a TEAM and everyone will be better off. Just my two cents.
DaleHammers3::im a fan of an AFCW Team that isnt Denver, i have to deal with both groups, i hate these boards sometimes
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::wow lol
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::they got a W
TyrekeTheKing13::lmfao @ twil0 thunder hes laughing at a team that won hahahahah what losers they dont have lives.... when my team wins im happy no matter who its against
SirMrDoctorTB::Sorry, couldn't find your balls, probably still in your stomach
tgreeson80::I don't think this guy is a fan of anyone or anything.  Just a sad person making broad generalizations about race and ethnicity.
DaleHammers3::sadly, he probably does
pinchejoseluis::Well I hope he got his fulfillment out of it.
DaleHammers3::ding ding, we got us a winner here :)
SirMrDoctorTB::Big "thunder" lips  I like how the Thunder got absolutely destroyed by the Spurs, when the Kings can beat them.
twil0 thunder::keep washing my balls doc =)
twil0 thunder::stop trolling big purple lips =)
siistiz::twil0 thunder is a $@%!$@
DaleHammers3::trust me.... anything he brings to the table you do NOT want to eat
pinchejoseluis::I'm just glad you are taking time out of your busy schedule to join in on the conversation.  You really do bring a  lot to the table.
twil0 thunder::lmfao @ kings fans celebrating a home win over the horrific warriors  both teams are pure shiiiiiiiiiiiit this is too funny =)
siistiz::twil0 thunder is a $@%!$@
twil0 thunder::keep washing my balls doc =)
SirMrDoctorTB::Another typical trash talking thunder fan...those aren't rare at all. All the Blunder do is pass to Durant do he shoots, and never passin the friggin ball. Westbrook is another example of some wannabe basketball player who thinks he has the biggest balls in the world, and I really dont care if he can score 30 points, they'll never win a championship.
DaleHammers3::we were celebrating when they beat the Blazers too but keep up with your hate
twil0 thunder::you're welcome big purple lips =)
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::better than you
TyrekeTheKing13::your awesome thanks for the comment
pruneysmom::Mark Jackson has a lot to learn about being a coach - he does not know how to substitute - it is a process for him and hopefully he will get it figured out - otherwise you got to hire someone who has done this before - I am far from impressed at this point but I will give him some slack. I wish he would take at least some of the blame in his press conferences. You can't expect your starters to sit on the bench for a half hour and come out red hot - it just doesn't happen
pruneysmom::not D Wright - he had 24 points in only 29 min...and David Lee leads the team in rebounds and was sorely missed - Maguire couldn't score the easy put backs when he did get a couple rebounds
pruneysmom::the starters were ice cold in ot - they needed to take some warm-ups after sitting for 30 min ... And Curry should not have been out there after getting hit in the groin...And he controlled the first 2 possessions in OT shooting bricks- if Jackson called those plays he should take the blame.
DaleHammers3::they were ice cold in regulation too
DaleHammers3::his subs were pretty damned good tonight til OT actually Kings were up by double digits til the bench took over, OT the starters were out there and got blasted
TyrekeTheKing13::and he shouldnt guarantee playoffs
TyrekeTheKing13::its weird right when jimmer starts scoring about 16 per game coach benches him.... but at least kings are winning give him another chance SMART!!!
oldsportz::so now the team decides to start playing???
DaleHammers3::sigh.... again, what part of getting 2 of your best players back doesn't improve a team?
oldsportz::no im not that big of a fan ...just wandering why they actually stated trying after he got benched
DaleHammers3::they got Thornton and Hayes back only a couple games ago thats a huge player on defense and a huge player on offense
oldsportz::they just didn play wen jimmer was in for some reason
DaleHammers3::i really think all you jimmer fans (if you are one) are using personal bias to come up with all these theories
DaleHammers3::dude, again like i been saying STARTERS came back from injury most coaches put bench players back on the bench when starters come back
DaleHammers3::cant say why the DNP's, but they won em both, so again, somethings going right
pinchejoseluis::I agree that he shouldn't have continued starting, but why the DNP's?  ...At least Jimmer is still getting his $ regardless.
TyrekeTheKing13::im just saying over time its gonna kill em way too much PT
DaleHammers3::they won both games they did im not gonna knock something that is obviously working
TyrekeTheKing13::hes giving them TOO many minutes they cant play more than 40 minutes a game in this condensed schedule
Jaggerton::Why the hell didn't Mark Jackson leave Dorell in the game?
skewy123::Come back to Pullman, Klay! 4 for 5 from outside, sounds about right.
Cappiethedog::How come Fredette didn't play? Is he injured?
pruneysmom::where is Adam Morrison?
pinchejoseluis::You are sure full of intellectual comments tonight aren't you twillo?
DaleHammers3::thunder, talking to yourself is a sign of madness you know
twil0 thunder::stop trolling
DaleHammers3::some people are better off simply ignored
oldsportz::no his team just wont play with him in
DaleHammers3::personally, i think your reading WAY more into it than there is
twil0 thunder::no he's just terrible is all won't make it thru the year
Marcumm::we get it...you hate jimmer
DaleHammers3::odd, they Kings havent played 40 games since getting him... im fairly certain that alone negates the rest of what you said
CharlesRiver27::Yeah, Jimmer is just terrible. That's why he averaged 16 points per game over a recent 40-game stretch as a starter. That's why during that same stretch he shot over 50% from 3-point range. No, the problem is not Jimmer; it's coach Smart. He's wasting a perfectly good talent.
twil0 thunder::way bigger
Cappiethedog::In your opinion, is he a bigger bust than Adam Morrison?
TyrekeTheKing13::good job kings i really hope that jimmer can fit in.. he may not be the best rookie but he is fun to watch and he can score
btate2000::Hey Tools, you guys are the ones who traded up for him in the first place.  Then you freak and fire the coach after a week of games.  Don't put Jimmer on the coach.  Westpaul didn't pull that trigger on his own.  Your front office and owners are still there.  Now you all sit back and side with the INTERIM coach vs the NCAA PLAYER OF THE YEAR and LOTTERY PICK?  Nice.  Enjoy your pathetic team while it lasts.  At this rate, they're as good as gone from SACTOWN.
oldsportz::because they were all contested shots
oldsportz::you watch any of the games at all ,,,they played no d ...ane one on one every time on offense
DaleHammers3::actually they have been playing decent D, it was the fact that they were shooting like 30% a game that was killing them
oldsportz::help if his team actually played hard wen he was playing
DaleHammers3::he was playing because they were short handed due to injuries they have the players back now and are playing better stop with the conspiracies man, its rather petty and childish
DaleHammers3::not knocking on Jimmer, but from the style of game im seeing from Smart, Jimmer is a horrible fit in Sac i like the kid, but he just doesnt fit their style
TyrekeTheKing13::they just need to find a role for him but who knows if that will happen we can only hope
twil0 thunder::jimmer is the biggest bust lmfao what a wasted pick =)
btate2000::Twill, if you're free to be an idiot, that leaves the rest of us free to read and call our shot.  TOOL!!!
FriscoWarriors415::Kwame brown is the biggest bust ever
haberguy::really? he's the biggest bust? as in ever? you are a moron.
Marcumm::did you just call him a troll?lolol You are the ultimate troll twil0 and a jimmer hater. Take  your  presence elsewhere
twil0 thunder::stop trolling you fukkin idiot
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::Cousins and Thompson had as many boards as GSW
DaleHammers3::no, my bad, dead even
DaleHammers3::1 more wasnt it?
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::maybe, but as many
oldsportz::the kings are playing harder the last two games,...an actually hustle...unlike when coach was playing jimmer,  thats easy to see
oldsportz::i got eyes idiot
DaleHammers3::Jimmer doesnt really have the size or speed for the physical play the Kings are playing right now not really fair to Jimmer, but sorta the reality in Sac right now
Marcumm::just wait kings will go back to their old ways as they always do. As for jimmer he plays just as good as isaish
DaleHammers3::or.... they simply got one of their best scorers back in Thornton.... why does everyone always go straight to conspiracy theories?
oldsportz::the last ten games the kings didnt try at all ..they been bustin their tails since jimmer has been benched...its like they made an agreement with the coach
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::I hope we don't get the "they play better w/o Jimmer", they have just played 2 great games. Not because Jimmer was benched.
oldsportz::they actually play wen jimmer is benched
2010zsmitty::Make sure everybody sees what happened to the Miami Heat Wikipedia page!!!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kMTJW7h8daY
supe540::Jackson talking right now about how the Kings just outworked and outhustled the Warrior bigs on the boards.
DaleHammers3::55 vs 36 speaks for itself
tonyinzy::WWW.FADETHEBOOKIE.COM... GREAT SPORT HANDICAPPING SITE...I OWN THIS SITE. MY RECORD IS 89-20-3 IN THE PAST 4 MONTHS.... I HAVE OVER 300 MEMBERS AND OVER 10 ACCESS PLANS TO CHOOSE FROM. .. I WAS THE HEAD GUY AT PROCAPPERS BEFORE I WENT SOLO AND OPENED MY OWN SERVICE... I AM RANKED #15 IN THE NATION....REGISTRATION IS FREE.... JUST PICK A PLAN THAT BEST SUITS YOUR NEEDS AND THAT YOU CAN AFFORD… I’VE BEEN OVER 85% EVERY YEAR FOR THE PAST 10 YEARS… I AM ALSO A SPORT WRITER AND ANALYST FOR ESPN AND CBS SPORTS
TyrekeTheKing13::thornton played great tyreke played great DMC played great JT played great... what a great game to watch
supe540::Thornton a revelation in the 3rd.
oldsportz::they cant play great with jimmer in?????  or wont???
oldsportz::yes they are actually playing hard
DaleHammers3::well lets look at it this way hes been out last 2 games, the Kings won last 2 games....hmmmmmmm wonder if theres any correlation going on here
DaleHammers3::DMC and JT were gods on the boards tonight, what a show
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::DMC IS BEASTING!
tonyinzy::WWW.FADETHEBOOKIE.COM... GREAT SPORT HANDICAPPING SITE...I OWN THIS SITE. MY RECORD IS 89-20-3 IN THE PAST 4 MONTHS.... I HAVE OVER 300 MEMBERS AND OVER 10 ACCESS PLANS TO CHOOSE FROM. .. I WAS THE HEAD GUY AT PROCAPPERS BEFORE I WENT SOLO AND OPENED MY OWN SERVICE... I AM RANKED #15 IN THE NATION....REGISTRATION IS FREE.... JUST PICK A PLAN THAT BEST SUITS YOUR NEEDS AND THAT YOU CAN AFFORD… I’M OVER 85% EVERY YEAR FOR THE PAST 10 YEARS… I AM ALSO A SPORT WRITER AND ANALYST FOR ESPN AND CBS SPORTS
dreamhax::shut up. nobody cares.
SFGiants1987::Well Sacramento needs to be proud of something :P Tough loss Warriors.
Az1atic187::and Oakland has so much to be proud about
DaleHammers3::im more proud of Thursdays win than tonight, the Kings should have put this away 4th quarter and they let em back in the game
dreamhax::true.
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::These teams always play tough and both have great young talent.
nlwhittle::I'm selling my Jimmer jersey, any takers?
btate2000::As long as he doesn't play, National TV is selling off KINGS games from time slots.  Your team is now MUST NOT SEE.  Have fun with that.
DaleHammers3::i love how full of hate you are hope it breeds true in your piglets too
HoosWarriors::Mark Jackson did a good job. Just because the warriors lost dosn't mean it was because of the coaching.
Jaggerton::Mark Jackson had no reason in all eternity to bench Dorell for the end of the game or overtime...
pruneysmom::no kidding - D Wright had it goin' on and Jackson benches him for the 4th - no excuse
dreamhax::really? how come wright didn't get the ball in overtime? he was the warriors top scorer in the game tonight and played really well.
TyrekeTheKing13::playoffs?
DaleHammers3::lol i wish
DaleHammers3::their bench kept em in the game, their starters were getting TOASTED tonight, repeated in OT
Jaggerton::dorell was having his best game of the entire year...
kublahnguyen::WOOOO!!! Had $800 on Kings ML. THANK YOU
FriscoWarriors415::Refs Blew the Fu cking game. They didnt call about 6 travels on the kings. Cousins interfered with the shot before overtime. Didn't cousins have 5 fouls and fouled again in overtime? Wtf is up with that. Kings played a good game but the warriors should of took this. Horrible officiating. We need to trade monta ASAP
FriscoWarriors415::Once we trade monta he will be our starting 2 guard. He plays great D
tgreeson80::Yeah, I think we dumped him just because he had been popped a few times for pot.  With Tinsley and Jackson and Artest a few years ago, I just think they viewed Rush as a sign of the past.  He has been great for you guys though.  I'm happy for him.
FriscoWarriors415::We dont want amundson back! haha. I loved that trade for rush
tgreeson80::I don't see us making any moves til the offseason though, we are 16 mil below cap, and supposedly gonna make a big run at Eric Gordon.
tgreeson80::Well, we have quite a bit of room, but I agree that the asking price will be big.  And i would hate to see the Pacers unload anyone.  1-7, they can compete with 80% of the teams in the league imo.  Definitely exciting again to be a Pacers fan.
FriscoWarriors415::Good luck on trying to get him with the nba owning that hornets team. They will ask for too much
tgreeson80::And you aren't getting Roy Hibbert, sorry :)
tgreeson80::Unless Amundson or Jeff Foster counts, lol.  Supposedly, rumor is the Pacers are the frontrunner for that putrid Chris Kaman contract.  Just a rental...i hope
FriscoWarriors415::U guys got an extra big man laying around?
tgreeson80::Haha, sounds great.  I have a problem with Granger in big games.  You can keep DW FriscoWarrior.
tgreeson80::As a Pacer fan, I'll take Monta for Granger, straight up.  Then Paul George can move to the natural 3 spot.
FriscoWarriors415::Lets talk to our gms about this trade. I want it. We will throw in D wright as well
twil0 thunder::stop crying you little faggggggggot =)
nlwhittle::We'll take him...you want Jimmer?
FriscoWarriors415::Yea most rookies are like that. Klay was like that at first but has really found his confidence in the last 10 games. He is getting to be real good and is very serious about the game. Never has a smile
DaleHammers3::biggest thing i see with him personally is a confidence issue
FriscoWarriors415::I guess. We will have to see.  Doesnt look like he will be getting much pt with tyreke, isiah thomas, salmons, and thorton. Maybe after the season he will work on his game and get better
DaleHammers3::hes not a bust, just not fully NBA level ready yet, he will be good soon
FriscoWarriors415::Jimmer is a bust.
DaleHammers3::yet all the times the Kings were held or fouled didnt add up as well.... yeah, keep hating
DaleHammers3::your probably right about that last line, wont deny it hope that wasnt meant as an insult, if so you missed wide right
FriscoWarriors415::Who said I was hating? I said the kings played a good game. Get out of here with that. The kings will never make the playoffs and they are about to move out of sac
tonyinzy::WWW.FADETHEBOOKIE.COM... GREAT SPORT HANDICAPPING SITE...I OWN THIS SITE. MY RECORD IS 89-20-3 IN THE PAST 4 MONTHS.... I HAVE OVER 300 MEMBERS AND OVER 10 ACCESS PLANS TO CHOOSE FROM. .. I WAS THE HEAD GUY AT PROCAPPERS BEFORE I WENT SOLO AND OPENED MY OWN SERVICE... I AM RANKED #15 IN THE NATION....REGISTRATION IS FREE....JUST PICK A PLAN THAT BEST SUITS YOUR NEEDS AND THAT YOU CAN AFFORD… I’M OVER 85% EVERY YEAR FOR THE PAST 10 YEARS… I AM ALSO A SPORT WRITER AND ANALYST FOR ESPN AND CBS SPORTS
bryantlives::Nice Win.   The Kings have been playing much better lately, lets hope they can carry the same effort on the road.   Good Night all
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::gn
nlwhittle::Good point!  lol
oldsportz::you mean they actually played
nlwhittle::Kings will be able to keep this pace up for another game of so, and then someone's going down with an injury.  Too many minutes for the starters.  Love the W, but it will hurt in the long run.
Az1atic187::nice bench play by the warriors, glad we pulled out with a W though, had to do it for coach Smart
tgreeson80::It is a tad ironic that someone calls someone out for being illiterate, then spells tough as "tuff."
tgreeson80::Coach Smart got a pretty quality education from IU, I'd say he is literate.
Az1atic187::lol, you mad
DaleHammers3::im sensing a tad bit of hostility tonight, gotta love sore losers
twil0 thunder::oriental tuff guy lmfao @ this rice licker =)
Az1atic187::liking your own comment? lmao
twil0 thunder::lmfao @ this oriental wigger =)
DaleHammers3::id guess he is, resorted to base insults and racism
twil0 thunder::lmfao how fukkin stupid are you? coach smart? lmfao guy doesn't even know how to read illiterate monkey =)
8839james::lots of anger!
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::GG GSW, tough win
supe540::Kings too good tonight in OT.  See you again soon.
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::DMC is turning into a beast, 21 and 20
ThunderFromDownUnder69::Kings have smoked GS in overtime !
