jembree44::I am so tired of all the Wesrbrook Haters .... How many Rings did that Great Stockton win? He had Malone..What about that Great Point guard Nash? He had Dirk and then Stat.. I could go on and on..Westbrook is MJ'S Pippen BUT BETTER.KD and Russell are The best one.Two combo in the league..Not to mention Kobe won all his rings without even an average point guard... And Lachoke wouldnt have a chance without Wade and Bosh.....
nepfew::moneymakensportpicks.com coming soon. If you dont win you will get a 100% refund i guaranty it no question asked.
RollThunder35::March 25 Serge will make Queen James and Wade his bitc*.
TeamZillah::People are saying James + Wade Versus West + Durant?  You can continue to argue about this, but Lebron can dominate without Wade in.  Neither West or Durant can dominate like Lebron can. Wade has overall been a tearjerker this season.  Never-the-less, I can put any money on it, the finals (OKC Vs. Miami) will be in Miami's favor.
LinRule::if Lebron can dominate without Wade, he'd still at Cleveland
Liberal Feminist::I don't see how you can say Durant cannot dominate the Heat when last year Durant had 33pts and 10reb against them in their first match up.  Yes the Heat won but not by much. In the second matchup, which was IN miami, Durant had 29pts/7rebs/6ast and the Thunder won.   By the way Durant shut Lebron down and held him to 19pts on 8-21 shooting.    That is a dominating performance. Get your facts straight bro!!!
RollThunder35::its just weird that you are arguing here, the 1 thing LBJ has shown he CANNOT do. and thats win a ring.  we all know Lechoke can dominate in regular games.  but he pis.ses down his leg when its all on the line.
podirk::define dominate...are we talking about throw up a bunch of stats...impress a lot of people...or win rings?? Both pairs have done the first two, neither has done the last(together)  You must not watch much thunder zillah...cause KD can dominate ask Den and Memp from last years playoffs
winterfresh98::Westbrook &gt; Rose    stats are almost even however one plays on an sprained ankle, drops 40 and dishes 9, the other gets a stubbed toe and sits  Westbrook is so much more durable than Rose who whose becoming the new Tmac
T8ke_A_Picture::People may hate Westbrook, but he's the most durable PG and average over +20 a game. I can't see why people hate on besides telling to give up the ball to Durant.
gudda5gaines::how does it work wade and james cant both barely get above 20 points together a nite it seems if james drops 30 wade drop 16 but or vice versa but durant and westbrook go for 51 and 40 and go for 30 and 30 everynite but i cant wait to see iblocka meet james at the rim and give him the motumbo finger
gudda5gaines::funny thing is the hornets got ripped off for paul    gordons leavin  and everyone u got besided draft picks suck or are old (kaman) and even the draft pick ( minnesota) will b a high pick so yall gave up everything for nothing yall could have got  a better deal or just took the lakers trade o well the hornets just gonna rot for a few yrs
gudda5gaines::lmao hey we beat yall all 3 times thats funny to me wr have the best record in the league thats also real funny along wit we have 2 of the top 5 scorers in the nba  and the best shot blocker who still gots a lot of devopling to nba final contenders for the next 8 yrs +
whodat4409::Lmao...OKC thunder could barely beat my 2nd team Hornets...sure, you're elite OKC....the whole city of OKC is a joke...why would anyone want to live in such a forgettable city....waste of an nba team....no culture, nothing....stay classy, jokelahoma...
okstCOWBOYS vs ALIENS::Hm a bunch of people who have never been to Oklahoma city talking $@%! on it. How ignorant
crimsonwidow::If I had to chose between 'no culture' and a place where it is considered borderline acceptable to relieve yourself in full view of the public on a crowded city street - I'll take 'no culture'
nccanes73::The whole city of Oklahoma City... seems kind of redundant
RollThunder35::Thats a comical statement coming from someone from N'Awlins where the whole city SMELLS like someone puked and sh.it at every street intersection.  I do know, I have been.  You ever been to OKC?
MedPhys201::A win is a win. Whether it is by 8 points, or 21 points in the BCS Championship. Who dat? Louisiana is a $@%! hole. Your team is 7-24, dou.chebag.
and73wOKC::haha guess you didnt watch the game cause the thunder were missing 4 players tonight as well
ok_sooner82::for all u trying to use the excuse that rose doesn't have a Durrant....your right he doesn't if he did his points and attempts would be much lower and his assists would be higher so for Westbrook having the #1 scorer on his team and still putting up the points he does and doing it with good % is ridiculous
gudda5gaines::westbrook is better than rose fasser stronger flys higher he just gotta work on desision makin
bricejohnson2003::Westbrook is still young, I'm glad that his driving up the middle and miss days are over. I'm happy that OKC has a team that doesn't want to quit till the final buzzer sounds. That is why they are winning so many games!
KennyeffnPowers::ok, c will never win a championship, a la buffalo bills
ChilamBilam12::just to clarify a point that has been attempted several times on this board.. Durant is not the be all and end all for the Thunder, and though i love him as an athlete and for what he brings to the floor every game, the team cannot lean on him to hang career stat lines and carry the entire squad offensively game to game.. they need Westbrook and his scoring ability, without which this team would not be the contender is has proven to be over the course of several seasons now.. Durant's game is improved by the mere presence of Russel on the court, and his ability to stretch the floor creates untold opportunities for much to the Thunder team..  the argument for Rose over Westbrook has always been "but Rose doesn't have Durant to defer to", so to clarify Westbook's necessity take a look at the 9 games OKC played without Durant due to injury over the course of last season.. the Thunder are 8-1 in those games with Westbrook averaging 31.7 points and 6.4 assists to carry the team in that time, and leading without KD to defer to or spread the floor.. it is not a case of Batman and Robin, it is a case of Superman and Batman with either being capable of taking the lead role and making the big shots
ChilamBilam12::the 9 games included his two prior seasons in OKC with Westbrook, and the point remains the Westbrook carried the team without Durant there to supplant his production... and Westbrook currently is outpacing all of Roses 2010 MVP statistics aside from assists per game and managing to share the spotlight with Durant who is himself putting up career numbers and is just a point and a half off the scoring title
and73wOKC::his 3rd in a row as well..... lets pose this question if westbrook is so terrible at getting durant the ball then how has KD won the last 2 scoring titles?
KennyeffnPowers::lame
BNS224::Durant only missed 4 games last year. And Rose w/o Durant was the league MVP. Westbrook is a great talent but needs to improve his decision making. In the WCF he shot 36% from the field, had 1:1 Ast/TO ratio as the PG. Durant &gt; Westbrook.
ilove50yearoldwomen::durant and westbrook.....V.S james and wade...... who has the better match?
NBA_refs_are_weak::I dont even care about stats. just watch both sets of players. wade and james are much more complete as someone has said. both ends of the court, every night. I wont rule out KD and westbrook developing into that, because to be fair, wade and lebron are in different stages of their careers than KD and westbrook thats just being truthful. RIGHT NOW james and wade are playing to win a championship, KD and westbrook play to win games. I hope especially KD does develop that defensive part of the his game because his ridiculously quick and athletic to go with that length he could be a more effective tayshaun prince type defender. give em time
and73wOKC::i was reading your post refs weak untill you stated that durant and westbrook are not playing to win championships..... please explain how miami at 25-7 #1 seed is playing for titles but the thunder at 25-7 #1 seed isnt?
ok_sooner82::u should recheck your stats defensively Durrants # r better than Lebrons the only thing Lebron has over KD right now is points and steals....
ChilamBilam12::are not as complete as KD and Westbrook..
KennyeffnPowers::james and wade
Rolltide4203::most def.
0mar4449::to clarify what the hell are u saying out of your month
ChilamBilam12::Durant and Westbrook are averaging more points per game combined with a better FG%, and maintain more impressive overall defensive statistics then the Miami Duo thus far this season (steals, rebounds etc.).. Lebron is handing out better individual numbers, but as a unit KD+RW is the best tandem in the league without a doubt
tom bradyforpresident::durant westbrook&gt;James wade i think...
ilove50yearoldwomen::i dont think lots of people outside thunder fans realize just how good of a young group this is.. as a spurs fan i honestly think number the thunder are a lot like the miami heat, but down the line, the heat are gonna get old in 3 0r 4 years. while the thunder have 7 or 8 years on their shoulders. i would love to see the thunder and heat play in the finals if my spurs cant make it, and if not its ok. the west is what i love. and if it takes me pulling for any other team in the west against an east team i will do it. good luck thunder to the rest of the season.
ChilamBilam12::solid fan comment, like the attitude bro, good luck to your Spurs as they look sick right now.. and remember that the Thunder are basically a product of an outstanding San Antonio management system and scouting setup thanks to Sam Presti, so it shouldn't be to hard pulling for a team that sprung out of your own system
tom bradyforpresident::i hope OKC wins it all this year...goodluck.
ChilamBilam12::Westbrook is improving in almost every statistical category, he is shooting almost 48% from the floor, averaging 6 assists, picking up clutch rebounds and pushing 3+ steals a night while playing outstanding high post defense.. what more do you want?. The Thunder offense is based on isolation plays and 1 on 1 scoring opportunities, they have never been an assist machine and as the leagues 3rd best offensive unit it doesn't seem to be affecting them much.. again Durant was the leagues leading scorer in back to back seasons because of Westbrook and not in spite of him, and the Thunder would not be contending for much of anything without agent 0 on the court.. Harden had an extremely off night, and Cook has been streaky from the arc as of late which has created some holes offensively.. who else can fill that hole if not Westbrook?. Durant is an incredible athlete, but he cannot score 60 a game to carry this team.. and to those of you pulling the Rose comparison, dig up the numbers, as of right now Westbrook is statistically leading Rose in almost every category and is outpacing his MVP statistics of last season in all but assists.. get off of it already guys, he is a solid athlete and a good kid, far from the selfish single minded athlete he gets played out to be
Kmacman::Bingo.  Go back to the days of MJ and you'll find that there were no players with big assist totals because of the isolation plays they ran for MJ.  OKC handles KD in much the same way.
Rolltide4203::couldnt agree more.. why does no one realize westbrook is probably as good as durant? U CANT get many assists in that offense.. people say its easy to get assists with durant-- thats not even remotely true-. Hes not klay thompson- he dribbles a lot and pulls up , fades away or takes it to the goal.. westbrook is as good of a player u will find in this league right now.
rjbsalemlax25::Until the Thunder start to lose can we stop hating on Westbrook? Yea he could turn it over a little less but who cares. Best record in the league speaks for itself.
BNS224::Two Words Kevin Durant
RollThunder35::okay...Kevin Durant what?
MPerce4::Ah, yes. The Russ-Rose comparisons.  Can we please just accept that they're basically the same player and move on? One rebounds and shoots a bit better, the other facilitates a bit better. Both of them fulfill the roles their teams need them to: a scoring point guard.  The end.
RollThunder35::except Russ is better in basically every stat category
Mr Calogero::Mr Viz
BoomerSooner2844::It wasn't even this close
lostrabbit822::Vegas stepped in
Braves_GB_LAL_fan::Looking at the stats, how did NO only lose by 8?
TJBRAY07::60-38 at halftime.  They took their foot off the gas in the 2nd half.
ShaqLee_1::Westbrook. I love ya dude. We all know you can score but you have got to stop turning over the ball so damn much. Your on pace to lead the league in TO's again. #Thunderdown for tonight.
RollThunder35::let him lead the league.  were gonna win the West.  why would u change what works?  are you completely off your rocker?
skaddodle32::When i wake up in the morning I $@%! excellence.
skaddodle32::Fat people suck at basketball.
wigg5202::Shaq was pretty good too.
wigg5202::Ni.gga only had cream-filled.
skaddodle32::at eating jelly donuts
BNS224::IDK Barkley was a beast.
skaddodle32::at eating Jelly Donuts.
skaddodle32::GOOOOOOOO BOBCATS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! BEST TEAM IN THE LEAGUE JUST WAIT!
wigg5202::AYE BJ MULLENS GOT YO NUMBER
GeniusNBAfans::Another shocker!  Durant shooting 42% in last 5 minutes of close games as he isn't able to get free to create good looks for himself, while Westbrook is shooting 50%! Durant has taken 16 more shots in the last 5 minutes of close games, and has made only 3 more than Westbrook.
Rolltide4203::I think u can make a case westbrook is as good of a scorer as durant... durant is getting his.. both should shoot a lot and do.. they arent counting shots- if one ends up shooting 1 more shot who cares they are just out there playing bball- why is everyone always worried about how many shots someone takes seriously?
Mlaponsky::And what do you think his numbers would be if Durant weren't on his team? He can take those shots because Durant can't be left open. In a tight spot like that, Westbrook is a marvelous asset in that he's a #2 guy who can make his own shot better than most. That doesn't mean he's more clutch necessarily. I'm still looking at his absurd turnover rate and the fact that in half of his games, as a PG, he's shooting more often than his SF is when his SF is quite possibly the best scorer in the league.
RollThunder35::As his SF is usually Double covered.  i grow very weary of explaining this to people that are either in love with a pure PG, which Westy isnt, or just plain dont watch OKC games.  I actually think people like Mlaponsky is just green with envy that Russ isnt wearing his teams jersey, so he tries to knock westbrook down a peg or two.
lafamill::lol don't let skip bayless know that through or the rest of the westbrook haters
Lofton222726::My goodness, Daequan Cook should be cut immediately. Seriously what in the world is he bringing to the table?  Keep jacking up 3s when you can't hit the broad side of a barn this season.  0 assists in 35 minutes with Durant and Westbrook on your team, and you shot 9 threes. F'n pathetic. It's a wonder all the folks who don't get to the  NBA yet that dude does
Lofton222726::That makes sense, getting him shots as a shooter. I just feel like they could ditch him and find a much more consistent shooter to add to their team.  Daquen Cook has made some nice 3s in his career, but so have alot of other folks.  Getting him 9 threes doesn't seem to be all that great a plan, but yea shooters do need to shoot. I'm just not so sure he's a shooter anymore. lol
MPerce4::What everyone else said. He's usually a dead eye at the three point line, but he's in a funk right now. It happens. Westbrook started the season in a funk, and look at him now.
The Honey Badger::they let him shoot a lot tonight because they're trying to get him out of his funk. shooters gotta keep shooting to get back on.
BlakeMoneyball::He also hit 2 that were waived off because of three second violations and the like.  He's fine, had a bad night.  Everyone gets one.
Braves_GB_LAL_fan::He won the 3 pt contest like 3 years ago so that is why teams keep him around.
GeniusNBAfans::http://www.basketball-reference.com/play-index/plus/shot_finder.cgi?request=1&amp;player_id=&amp;match=single&amp;year_id=2012&amp;is_playoffs=N&amp;team_id=&amp;opp_id=&amp;game_num_min=0&amp;game_num_max=99&amp;game_month=&amp;game_location=&amp;game_result=&amp;shot_pts=&amp;is_make=&amp;shot_type=&amp;shot_distance_min=&amp;shot_distance_max=&amp;q4=Y&amp;q5=Y&amp;time_remain_minutes=5&amp;time_remain_seconds=0&amp;time_remain_comp=le&amp;margin_min=-5&amp;margin_max=5&amp;c1stat=fga&amp;c1comp=ge&amp;c1val=25&amp;c2stat=&amp;c2comp=ge&amp;c2val=&amp;c3stat=&amp;c3comp=ge&amp;c3val=&amp;order_by=fga
ok_sooner82::WOW!!!!! that should shut up Westbrook haters,,,someone E-Mail that to Skip Bayless that should shut him up!!!!
T8ke_A_Picture::So Westbrook is more clutch out of everybody?
GeniusNBAfans::This season, yes. Though I will caution you and everyone that this stuff doesn't really stay the same every single season for every player.
The Fact Doctor::I love this.  Bryant 28%.  Goddamn.
GeniusNBAfans::Damn I didn't even notice that lmfao. Goddamn.
lafamill::the thunder have 3 players who can score...durant westbrook and harden, harden comes off the bench..so it's durant and westbrook on the floor to start..so you would rather westbrook to keep feeding durant the ball and let him go one on five? yes he's going to score but there going to lose every night.
AItheAnswer0001::Westbrook scores at a high percentage so complaining about his shooting is laughable. He's not a true PG, he's a scoring PG and that's ok. He needs to get his turnovers down but he's not going to make Perkins a viable offensive option, or Ibaka, nor Cook.
wigg5202::Steve Nash needs to go to the Lakers. He could mess it up!
BNS224::I wish, Pau would benefit greatly. I am Spurs fan and the only player I like on the LAL is Pau.
lafamill::look where phx is at now..they need his scoring but since nash is a true pg, he would rather get others involved and it hurts their team sometimes, when they need to score..you see rondo is becoming more of a scoring pg also..you know why? because he has too..but earlier in his career he would just pass it to allen..garnett or pierece..but since their struggling he's taking on more of the scoring load..that's the same thing westbrook does..OKC struggles to score sometimes so he provides it.
BNS224::Hurts their team my A$$, he is the only thing keeping them from being a cellar dweller.
BNS224::Or use ur brain and create for others. Make others better. That is what pg's do, look at Nash and Paul
BNS224::Giving it to a scorer shooting 51 pct more is a good idea.
_CelticThunder_350_::How about you use your brain and accept that Westbrook passing to KD every possession is NOT in the best interest of the team? I mean, come on. You need more than 1 scorer.
CamNewtonRising::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LfKiY_8S18M
paulpiercepiru::go away
CamNewtonRising::Westbrick will never win a championship,mvp award
AItheAnswer0001::If you dont think Cam is good, you clearly don't watch football. Unless you mean, he's better than good. Dude had one of the best rookie seasons ever for a QB.
paulpiercepiru::you know magic johnson never own finals mvp
wigg5202::ZOMG, r u from da FUTURE?
skaddodle32::he thinks Cam Newton is good, i wouldnt listen to him.
CamNewtonRising::yeah,you didn't see me in that NBA future commercial with Steve Nash?
_CelticThunder_350_::Here is the reason why Westbrook cannot and should not always defer to Durant every possession. Durant is the best pure scorer in the league and sometimes, he'll have a tough time scoring anything because of the defensive attention that teams are giving him. Westbrook will be able to get open looks as a result, and he has shown that he can consistently knock them down.
Rolltide4203::not true.. westbrook gets a ton of defensive attention- so fast and can get an open look against anyone
dabears2253::thats why westbrook has a higher fg% the opposing defenses main focus is durant so it makes it easier for westbrook but when rose plays the opposing defense main focus is on him so its tougher ofr him to score
skaddodle32::except in the Conference Finals.
_CelticThunder_350_::That was last year. We'll see how he plays in the playoffs this year.
GeniusNBAfans::Anyway, they're twins. One looks like an Angry Gremlin, the other looks like an Angry Catfish. They're both slashing SG's in PG bodies. I call them Russick Rosebrook together.
skaddodle32::I think we all know who the MVP is anyways.......Guess who and be honest.
RollThunder35::Durant, LBJ WOLL NOT WIN.  mark my words.
ok_sooner82::keep dreaming Lebrons numbers have dropped significantly since Wades return and his numbers will continue to fall
AItheAnswer0001::The Suns suck with Nash, BNS stop being such a nut tick.
BNS224::Durant, LBJ, Paul or Nash. W/o Nash the Suns = NBDL.
NBAisTHEbest06::how can you say for sure and then have someone a close second lol maybe it should say a clear second
skaddodle32::LBJ for sure. Durant in a close second.
wigg5202::Jeremy Lin
GeniusNBAfans::LeBron?
CamNewtonRising::Rose owns the 4th quarter,example: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tBJPYwxCAzA
lafamill::he didn't in the ECF..he choked big time
GeniusNBAfans::You don't need to point to random examples. Westbrook is 10-15 down the stretch in close games this season.
GeniusNBAfans::There's a tons of good sites. play index + on basketball ref is THE best.
GeniusNBAfans::http://www.basketball-reference.com/play-index/plus/shooting.cgi?player_id=westbru01&amp;year_id=2012  He's shooting 42% in the 4th.   And I'll pull up the clutch scoring in a second.
dabears2253::where do you get all these stats from?
CamNewtonRising::link? he's shooting 37% in the 4th quarter
DanielJordan2086::Don't forget he stays healthy! He sprained his ankle and came back the next game to drop 40. Rose hits his pinky wrong and he's out for 2 weeks.
MaimerEffect::Has Skip had an aneurysm because RW took one more shot than KD tonight?
_CelticThunder_350_::hahahha......Westbrick.....haha CLEVER! Very funny especially when he's shooting at a higher percentage (while taking more shots) and scoring more per game than Rose.
GeniusNBAfans::Yeah. I mean they're similar, you call one Westbrick, you call the other Debrick, since neither are shooting a Jordanesque 54% from the field anyway.
BNS224::Rose doesn't have a Durant on the team. That is why I scrutinize Westbrook so much. He is good but Durant is the no. 1. If Rose had Durant, I think he would be smart enough to defer to Durant. There is no excuse why Westbrook doesn't avg. 8-10 ast.
AItheAnswer0001::Westbrook has to score, deal with it.
wigg5202::Ah, maybe you should shoot Scott Brooks a text message. Good one, coach.
BNS224::He doesn't, but passing to Durant more is in the best interest of the team.
wigg5202::He's a combo guard, why does he have to average Steve Nash's totals?
DanielJordan2086::Every team but two had a player who cost them a shot at the finals. If you measured that as a measuring stick Jordan would have been considered a loser for 75 percent of his seasons!  He is only 23!
wigg5202::Exactly.
skaddodle32::all the Westbrook fans out there, he looked pitiful against the Mavs in the playoffs, hes a good player but i can say i think he cost them a chance at the Finals last season.
skaddodle32::im not a rose fan he had a pitiful few games too but i mean Westbrook was just running up the court not even thinking of passing it to Kevin Durant probably the best player in the Western Conference and taking 3 pointers all night and bricking everyone of them, not trying to hate but the playoffs is when it matters
AItheAnswer0001::So, he played like an inexperienced player last season in the playoffs? Wow, big shocker.
wigg5202::Bricking 3-pointers all night like he did against the Nuggets, where he went 3-6?
skaddodle32::Ask Lebron
wigg5202::I'm sure his performance in those games is still fresh in his mind. He's only 23.
GeniusNBAfans::Same can be said for Rose shooting 35% in the ECF while leading the league in USG%. And 6% in close 4th quarters of winnable games.
_CelticThunder_350_::Westbrook is shooting .473 from the field this season on 18.8 shots per game. Rose is shooting .462 from the field this season on 17.1 shots per game.  Westbrook may take more shots, but he's also hitting more of them.
vballboy55::Who has more assists per game? please remind me
_CelticThunder_350_::So now you're switching arguments because you know that your first argument has been invalidated. Rose takes that category, but Westbrook is a better rebounder. Defensively Russ may be a hair better.
DanielJordan2086::Anyone with any basketball knowledge who actually watch the Thunder games would know why Westbrook takes more shots.  Half of his shots are when he tries to get Durant the ball for the first 20 seconds of the shot clock but Durant can't get open, So Westbrook gets stuck with the ball with about 4 seconds left and he has to jack up a shot. And he still manages to shoot 45 percent even with having to jack up garbage 10 times a game.  Get a clue losers! Some of ya'll dont know jack about basketball!!!
CamNewtonRising::Rose never went 0-13 in a game and won,that's what Westbrick has over him ...... he should be proud
vballboy55::Durant &gt; wade at scoring... come on that is a terrible argument... and lebron isnt a point guard... he isnt supposed to be passing thats westbrooks job
lafamill::what you people don't understand is..westbrook has to score, what's so hard about understanding that? if he doesn't score the 40 points he did the other night..OKC loses that game, only him and durant where scoring..usually harden would be there 3rd scorer but he was struggling..you rather him keep feeding durant the ball and let him score 70 points in a lost?
BNS224::Rose doesn't have a Durant on the team. That is why I scrutinize Westbrook so much. He is good but Durant is the no. 1. If Rose had Durant, I think he would be smart enough to defer to Durant. There is no excuse why Westbrook doesn't avg. 8-10 ast.
GeniusNBAfans::No, as someone already observed, Durant is not going to score any more than he already is. You're not replacing Westbrook's points from anywhere else on the roster. Durant scored 30 in the past on 46% shooting, the reason his FG% is so high is because he's shooting less.
BNS224::I could care less about the press, just make the best possible play to help ur team win. In Westbrook's case pass it to Durant more gives OKC the best chance to win.
GeniusNBAfans::He doesn't need to defer if he doesn't want to. Not every player is going to willingly shoot less shots if they're capable of scoring big. Players like LeBron get ripped a new one for deferring when they have a HoF teammate like Wade, and Westbrook gets ripped for not deferring? WTF make up your minds.
GeniusNBAfans::Even with that 0-13 game he's shooting a better %. So again, what does that make Rose?
CamNewtonRising::At least you know his last name
GeniusNBAfans::Rose's injuries are not Wesbrick's problem. Durability is a win for Westbrick. So don't make excuses.
CamNewtonRising::Rose has been playing with a bad ankle and bad back,and Westbrick is only shooting a few points higher than Rose and only averaging one more point,what does that say about Westbrick?
lafamill::he did go 1 for 9 shooting threes through..and had a 10 turnover game
GeniusNBAfans::http://www.basketball-reference.com/play-index/plus/shooting.cgi?player_id=rosede01&amp;year_id=2012&amp;shot_type=JUMP_SHOT http://www.basketball-reference.com/play-index/plus/shooting.cgi?player_id=westbru01&amp;year_id=2012&amp;shot_type=JUMP_SHOT  LOL @ "Westbrick". I wonder what this would make Rose.   They're very similar. In the past Westbrook averaged more assists and Rose averaged more points. Westbrook has always been the superior defender, and until this season Rose had the better jumpshot. They're VERY similar.
GeniusNBAfans::http://www.basketball-reference.com/play-index/plus/shooting.cgi?player_id=westbru01&amp;year_id=2012&amp;shot_type=JUMP_SHOT  http://www.basketball-reference.com/play-index/plus/shooting.cgi?player_id=rosede01&amp;year_id=2012&amp;shot_type=JUMP_SHOT
CamNewtonRising::Rose shot 49% in his second season ............ lol @ Westbrook-Rose comparisions
lafamill::he makes the shots when he has to through..rose doesn't
CamNewtonRising::Yeah he sure choked against the Lakers this season in LA ..........
CamNewtonRising::37% shooting in the 4th quarter this season,clutch gene? Rose took over the 4th quarter about 11 times last season
wigg5202::Also, Westbrook has the WORST Ozarka commercials...
lafamill::one thing westbrook has that rose doesn't ..the clutch gene
vballboy55::You mean the best scorer in basketball and still only manage to get like 5 assists a game
CamNewtonRising::You mean the turnover gene?
wigg5202::Did Derrick Rose change positions when he entered the NBA? Get off of his di.ck for a second.
GeniusNBAfans::Not sure what you're lol'ing at. When Rose takes less shots, he'll shoot a better %. That's a DUH moment. That's like basic elementary school math. When a player shoots less, they're likely to shoot a better %. MJ was the GOAT because he could take 24 shots per game for his career and still manage to shoot 50%. If he took 15 shots a game and shot 50%, he wouldn't be MJ.
vballboy55::Who has a better assist/turnover ratio? Who has durant on their team... one of the best scorers in basketball?
_CelticThunder_350_::Funny how you just put them in the same sentence, LOL jk
CamNewtonRising::link?
GeniusNBAfans::Yeah, because it turns out "Westbrick" is shooting a better % on jumpers this season, $@%!$@%.
CamNewtonRising::He was the leading scorer on the team and averaged 17.6 shots,Westbrick doesn't belong in the same sentence with Rose.
ChiGuy1002::Wow, this board has like zero fans!!!
wigg5202::My biggest problem with the Thunder offense, is that when games get close they just settle for Russell Westbrook and KD taking tough jumpers. Their offense goes completely stagnant. C'mon Scott Brooks!
BNS224::Westbrook shot 36 pct in the WCF and had a 1:1 AST/TO ratio as the PG. Durant shot 43 pct in the WCF and avg. 28 ppg and 9.4 reb and a litttle better than 1:1 Ast/To Ratio. I think the loss of Manor will be the downfall for OKC in the playoffs.
lafamill::true..but you can't blame them losing the WCF mainly on him, they struggled as a team..you can't  just single out westbrook.
BNS224::Not as bad as Westbrook. They took him out due to his poor shooting. Westbrook allowed Dallas to play zone and bait him into shooting.
lafamill::westbrook made..dallas change up there whole defensive approach..he forced them to go zone, because he kept penetrating their defense..talk about match up night mare, they just put j kidd or shawn marion on durant and he struggled.
wigg5202::I don't think anyone appreciates what Russell Westbrook does more than Durant.
BNS224::Ya, well the fact is Westbrook is much more replaceable than Durant. Durant is a matchup nightmare and the Thunder will go as far as Durant takes them.
wigg5202::They're definitely missing his steady play on the second squad. Hope they pick someone up to ease the load on Reggie.
lafamill::durant struggled in the WCF finals through..stats doesn't tell you that
BNS224::Not as bad as Westbrook. They took him out in 4th Qtrs b.c they were rolling better w/ Manor, Harden, and Durant.
