Irwin Kerner::They played like a team with Lin. With Felton it is all one on one...no penetration and dish. A losing, second rate offense. Just sayin'
Tim Gourley::Post of the year.  At least he's not as fat as he was when he played in Portland.
Shaun Mitts::U are stupid, please let me know what teams did Lin play during that run .. he got locked down and was put to shame against elite teams. Dont mention the fact that he got "injured" for the playoffs to get a big contract in the off-season.
Calvin Long::Shaun Mitts oh yeah, just like Kobe, Rose, and Rondo got "injured".  Rox are the opposite of NY since he left and now playoff bound.  Who stupid, huh?
Tim Gourley::Nice stat line for Raymond Felton...lol  Raymond Felton, PG	31	2-11	1-4	-33  Is this guy the worst point guard in the league or is that Kirk Hinrich?
Robert Rtype Taylor::I Rather have kirk hinrich!!!
Taylor Manes::Kirk hinrich is way better..at least he plays defense UNlike felton
Calvin Long::This the hater black guy Stephen wazzi name said was gonna bring back the championship to the Knicks.  Where dat boy at now?
Irwin Kerner::Felton had a lot of lip when the Knicks let J. Lin go...Felton said he was the better point guard. Now compare the numbers for 2014...Felton is awful...Lin is way better.
Steven Christian Shaw::well most analysis said that Lin had more upside and his better days were ahead of him.
Calvin Long::Not to mention that Lin is 4-0 and has basically demolished the Knicks and outplayed Felton easily each time the Rox played them.
Matt Ramsey::If Lin is better tell me why Lin lost his starting Job to Beverly in the playoffs last season, and Beverly is the starting PG this season. Felton was 100% healthy last season running PG for the Knicks who made it to he 2nd round. This year, he's been nailed with injuries. Do you know what it feels like to play with a bad hamstring? No flexibility, no lift, no lateral quickness etc..
Eric Young::It really comes down to chemistry as one poster put it. They have good players that aren't happy playing with each other.   Chandler was not happy last season with his amount of shot attempts.  JR is not happy with still being a bench player although he didn't produce when he was given the chance to start.  Amare no matter what he says is just a bad fit and he probably envisioned himself being the big name on the team.  Actually I'm sure you could find an issue from Felton on down... not to mention Melo is a lot like Kobe when it comes to sharing.  It's just a mess all over. Woodson is actually a solid acquisition at coach, but these guys simply don't mesh well. The GM should have seen that before he put the team together.
Greg Bonfey::It's time to completely rebuild. I'm more likely to believe last year was an anomaly. JR was playing for a payday and now doesn't care. Team relies on the 3 too much with guys who can't hit it unlike Novak who could last year. Chandler is a great big by today's standards but doesn't really get used by Woodson. And Melo is well Melo, no need to say more. Everyone's contracts are up next year for the most part (Chandler and Amare are up, Melo is up next year technically but will be gone this year, JR has 2 more left unfortunately). It's time to start making moves and get some picks and new players in. Probably a new coach next year.
Joel N. Lucas Jr.::You give Woodson credit tho? Can find plenty of things wrong with him just the same as the players
Vontravius Williams::I cant wait to see Melo shoot 7 for 30 tonight. Hes gonna have another good game like he had against the Clippers
Steven Rivera::demolished Griffin and Jordan on the boards for 20 rebounds LOL!
Rai Lara Costa::Steven Rivera rebounding his own missed shots. LOL
Steven Rivera::Rai Lara Costa sad 2 bigs one 6'10 and other 7'0 got man handle down low by someone who's known for only his offense
Larry Litmanen::You can not escape death, taxes and Steven Rivera defending Melo.
Shaun Mitts::steven rivera is a true fan, of course u would bash him to get likes.  freaking band-wagoners on ESPN boards. sick of them. it takes alot to be a knicks fan
Gene Cirillo::Shaun Mitts   FORTY ONE years of mediocrity.  Yeah, takes stupidity
Shaun Mitts::Gene Cirillo in those 41 years  of "mediocrity" Ewing and the Knicks owned ur Heat. are u mad ??
Jason Corazon::melo is a heistbox but it's hard to criticize him with the knick's roster  you need 2 stars , a coach and a supporting cast to be a serious nba team  knicks just have melo
Jason Corazon::I'm going through the box score...  could anyone other than Melo actually play on Miami's roster ??
Will Bernanke::What shocks me to the bone is that their is a full house their to watch a knick team that consistently gets blown out at home and has been hopeless for 40 years,   are you telling me that people are paying 500 a seat to watch D league basketballl?
David Morrissey::And if the stadium was empty you'd probably be saying Knicks fans are bandwagoners. Always something to say.
John Panzer::The Knicks are about as interesting as watching millionaires play basketball.
Sean Gallagher::Aren't professional basketball players millionaires?
Junior Gokool::1st rd Pick for Bargnani? Smh.
Joel N. Lucas Jr.::That Denver has the rights to swap if they see fit
Steve Harvey::Remember when Carmelo cried like a complete baby to get traded to NY?? Well in three years since he's been there they haven't won a single playoff series and it doesn't look like they are headed to the Playoffs this year LOL. And all Knicks fans called me an idiot last year when I said they were a FLUKE, well who looks like the idiot now?? HAHAHAHA
Steven Rivera::Denver isn't looking good them selfs this year. Knicks had success in th regular season with Melo since he came to NY, Last season team was more build around Melo with bunch of 3 point shooters and a star PG in Kidd, This years team changed.
Shaun Mitts::U make zero sense, please stop posting
Jeffrey Nicholas::They beat a depleted Boston team last year.
Junior Gokool::Melo is walking after this season, who would want to stay on this team.
Rex Emmanuel Martinez::Melo would develop more with Kobe. Next season, double-points, assists, rebounds.
Marcleen Bavogui::Rex Emmanuel Martinez bwahahahahahaha develop more with kobe are u out o your mind
Justin Case::Melo is the only one giving it 100%, the rest of the team is garbage.
Randy Ragsdale::It's the return of the MATINEE GAME OF DEATH FOR THE NEW YORK KNICKS!
Anthony G'ian::blahblahblahh stop with the excuses the knicks suck. knicks are the most pathetic sports organization right now. they make the cleveland browns look good.
Tom Carroll::Most overrated sports franchise in the country. Their fans act like they have some "storied" history, when they haven't won a title in 40 years and until this season, their stadium was an asbestos-ridden dump.
Anthony G'ian::i dont even care for the knicks i dont like or hate them, im just sick of this hype every season about them like they are going to make a run to the finals or something....stop, just stop. they are terrible.
Shaun Mitts::Tom Carroll I bet u live in a horrible dump in south dakota and ur probably a heat fan. U are an NY hater case closed. Why dont u stop being jealous of one of the greatest fan-bases and to the greatest city in the world?
Eric Dorsey::What a sorry team these kincks are. Effort is a scarce, Luck is not on their side, and Chemistry is just non-existent. Its not a team, just a sorry bunch of ball hogs that want to jack up jumper's all day.
Jeffrey Nicholas::Can we get flex scheduling for the NBA? Watching Melo ball stop in the high post is bad television.
Steve Harvey::Why not more prime time games for Portland, IND, and GS?? Tired of these bad teams being on prime time, I want to see some good basketball!
Jeffrey Nicholas::Steve Harvey Exactly! Heck, I would even prefer some Raptors, Pelicans, or Mavs. Teams that actually still believe they can win.
Dave Petroziello::Exactly! It's hilarious to see the Knicks on National TV getting embarrassed night after night. Don't put Indiana or OKC on or anything.
Sean-Patric Seaborough::woodson is going to be fired after this loss you can lose to anybody but the nets in dolan's mind
Clifford Francois::we wish. dolan rarely does the right thing.
Michael Chaplin::Incoming: Melo shoots 5-28 from the floor for 22pts and we lose by 30.
Pascal Peng Qin::R.FELTON u r a joke
Rex Emmanuel Martinez::Just terrible. So many opportunities for a come back, but no "imma shoot this ball I'm a scumbag point guard" -felton
Jeremy Newsom::Rex Emmanuel Martinez Blame the dumb coach for keeping him in....
Pascal Peng Qin::2 for 11~~~ FT 2 for 4~~ 4 assists as a starter with 3 turnover~~ WTF~~~!
Tommy Johnson::Kind of hard, Melo, to put in offensive effort when YOU are taking 19+ shots a game! Even more than that because the fouls don't count as FGA. Learn to pass the ball and play a TEAM game rather than 1:1 isolation. I didn't want you when the Denver deal went down and I still don't want you. We'd be better off when everyone plays as a team rather than standing around watching Sports Center with you trying 1:5.
Steven Rivera::LMFAO a team????? who exactly are you talking about?? This guys cant hit an open shot for their life. JR Smith, Shumpert, Felton, Pablo are all off
Xavier Tyler::As a Knick fan I can say that this team is the worst team we've had in about 6 years. The most mentally fragile team in the entire NBA. Buoyed by a coach who's idea of accountability on the defensive end is playing Felton and JR Smith 35 minutes a night.
RideorDie Spencer::As much potential as the Nicks have they will never be an elite NBA franchise because they have no leadership on the court. Carmelo Anthony is just a scorer that doesn't have the ability to make those around him better players.
Chris Bates::The Knicks are garbage!! They're going to get swept in the playoffs if they even make it which is saying a lot in the weak East.
Manfred Elezovski::Yeah. They should have just let Donnie Walsh do his job to build the team.  The core of the problem is the ownership.  Best thing would be for fans to boycott the team until they sell it
Steven Rivera::Donnie Walsh is behind Amare horrible contract and amnistying the wrong player also behind over paying Tyson Chandler to a contract he's not worth
Steven Rivera::Walsh also hired Mike D'Antoni over Thibs! just horrible decision
Manfred Elezovski::Granted all his decisions weren't the best, he still put the team quickly in position to contend.  As soon as he left this team has made terrible moves, signing old unhealthy players and trading for others who don't mesh well (bargnani playin with chandler?).  Should have at least got something back for Lin like a pick or young player. Instead we pick up lazy Felton
Steven Rivera::Melo has the worst supporting cast this year then any other superstar in the league! These guys can't buy a bucket or get to the free throw line consistently.
