AROD7::This is a blow out and Brown hasn't even put in Bennett. The coaching for the Cavs will be responsible for 5-10 wins this year, and even worse will result in zero ability to trade or develop any players for the future. Why is Andy V only playing 18 minutes, while Bynum is 0-11 with NO hustle or heart and getting more minutes?  J.Jack 20 minutes and E.Clark with hardly any playing time either. However Brown plays Zoeller more than Bennett and Miles more than Jack even though CJ is 2-9.  Get a clue management and get a new coach. As a Cleveland fan I am tired of watching these poor decisions and moves over and over.  Regardless of where Bennett is right now as a player, you MUST get him in the games, especially when they are blow outs. When you draft a complete surprise #1 overall you better be behind him or the "bust" tag will get placed on him and then he has to deal with the whole mental aspect of the media, fans, etc. how is a 19-20 year old going to handle that on top of everything else that goes with learning the NBA game and adjusting, while already having the status of being the #1 overall pick on his shoulders?
MikeS::Mike Brown is a horrible coach. I liked Byron Scott. They were much more competitive with him with little talent.
Lawrence::Explain to me why one starter plays less than 10 minutes the entire game? Is'nt a starter suppose to play 3 quarters and score more than 0 points. Just another moron coach's game plan for losing game after game.
CSONKA_39::How do you shoot 0-11 and get paid millions?
Fanta Pants::Who would of thought dellavdova would be out playing the NBA's number one pick. Aussie Aussie Aussie!!
MJ Btics::Cavs suck. No Lebron next year.
izR::In L.A we got rid of Brown - Cut the losses. Man he is horrible. They shouldn't get blown out with the amount of talent they have. The poor results is due to bad coaching.
Keegan Daniels::umm, anthony bennet rookie of the year ..........maybe............. but not in this sport-should contact JaMarcus Russel on how to deal with pressure as a BUST
- LJ::have you seen the beast bennett scored 7 points in the last 6 minutes!! thats really amazing for a rookie... he's on a ratio of 60points on 48minutes... AMAZING!!! and he's just only a rookie... this kid is for real!!!
A Yahoo User::I thought Brown was a defense specialist ? that's why teams are scoring like crazy over the Cavs ..He's a bum  college level assistant coach at best, get rid of him now and fire that GM too he's useless ... Owner better wake tfu !!
