bamberg1977::Andre Drummond plays perfect and gets 12 mins. Wow. What is the deal? Stop adjusting to competition and just play big.
cardsownthecuse::Glad we got Murphy out of here....We have went 2-1 without him and 6-8 with him.
CandySparker::Cheers Elite on Brand
trademarktaz::we're back in the shabazz hunt!
jonh876::clippers&gt;mavs
Nowitzki.::I'm not even going at the past
Nowitzki.::clippers are not a threat to win anything and never will be
austuc33::clipper better than 75 % of the teams in the league
drac1100::Anyone know record with Murphy vs. record without him?  That guy was just awful here.
PhilMNAP::MAYONAISE
Dirk2XMVP::OJ Mayo with 27. Brand getting better every game. Can't wait to see this team when Dirk gets back
ugot_shited::'LOLb fish 1-8, suck goats off
jonh876::clippers will beat mavs on wednsday  u can book it
George7844::I went to my bookie n tried 2 book dat n he say, "YOU BE TRIPPIN DAWG......AIN'T GONNA HAPPEN !!!!  DEM CLIPPERS R PAPER TIGERS !!! MAVS WILL EXPOSE THEM FOR WHAT DEY REALLY ARE !!! BETTIN ON DA CLIPPERS WILL BE LIKE FLUSHIN YO MONEY DOWN DA TOILET !!!"
BEastChamps2013::Coach Frank is an idiot. He needs to give Drummond more PT.... just wasting the talent there over an average Maxiell. Maxiell is limited.
Akoiah::why does carlisle love crowder and hate brand?
-LeTs gO mAvS-::Just glad we didn't have to see than bum Murphy playing so many minutes
I3UTTON::exactly. Bernard James is so much better defensively it's not even funny
duke_mavs_panthers_braves_::8-9 without Dirk. Not bad. go mavs
Jon Armdog::Agreed.  I am fighting a war in my head between reactionary fan disappointment (i.e. these guys suck, we need drastic changes, etc.) versus keeping the big picture in mind (healthy 2010/2011-level Dirk with this group of players would be a strong playoff team).
JimDetroitFan95::The Pistons have the talent to play well, but only perform well on certain nights.  I think Frank is doing all he can, and the players are not.
tom55011::This team has very little talent. And the record shows it.
I3UTTON::that's usually what happens with a young team. a lot of inconsistency.
JimDetroitFan95::I agree.  I am tired of people trying to blame Frank for everything.  He is a smart coach.  He has tried everything to get these guys to jell.
TheJTram::-sighs- this game was pitiful to watch for us. Hoping they would battle but this was pathetic. At least Drummond played well and coulda played better if he got like 25 mins or so
vj767_::the pistons are horrid.
Justinkm83::Our 3 pt % was better than our total FG %.
TheJTram::I remember one game we had 75% 3 pt % and 71% FT%. We got alot of problems ourselves
Justinkm83::Ha ha. Just a strange thing that shouldn't really hapen.
tom55011::This pistons team will suck for along time to come. They are just plain awful.
Drunkard.::1-8, LOL, Go back into retirement, Fisher
I3UTTON::lol what did u expect, it's his first game back since what, June?
JimDetroitFan95::I don't blame Frank.............  If this roster plays like they did in tonight's game, nobody could lead them to a victory.
Detroit Everything::too many variables, but why not adjustments, monroe is playing bad, ok try someone else. The game was out of reach, why not put the bench in, see if a spark could be made.
TheJTram::I can't believe I'm saying this but this time, I can't blame Frank this time
tom55011::Not one bit of hope for us pistons fans. This team and organization is first class garbage.
mdfrg::Hopefully Mayo will play some inspired basketball vs contend teams. Dallas needs him to step up every game
gabrielg817::Yea he was to busy getting married to that fine piece of $@%
epitome1986::yup! specially since dirk won't return before the 18th of december. im still mad he waited until the end of october to get the surgery, had he gotten it right away he might of been back by now.
I3UTTON::I agree. that kinda bothered me knowing he could have taken care of it earlier in the offseason
TheJTram::Sad part is...Drummond is +1 and only played 12 minutes with an actual efficient game instead of Stuckey. Drummond needs to start though. Maxie is more of a spark off the bench and we need Drummond for rebounding and as a defensive anchor
Haquerakin13::Woo Dallas ftw suckers
-FlyEaglesFly-::why not start collison, but washed up fisher? i dont know why people believe collison is at its best when he comes of the bench. This starting 5 would look great: Collison, Mayo, Marion, Dirk, Kaman. Bench would also be pretty darn good. I like this team
epitome1986::i think collison is in the dog house at the moment, and appears to be losing confidence. i just hope he comes out of this rough patch in good spirits. i think collison can be a nice 12-14 ppg and 6-8 assist.
I3UTTON::and he also had 0 turnovers which is a good sign
I3UTTON::I don't know that I agree he's losing confidence. he's looked pretty good in both games he's come off the bench. had 9 assists tonight. think it's more of a learning experience for him.
I3UTTON::eventually that may happen. but I think for now Carlisle likes the veteran starting the game
I3UTTON::Fisher's shot was off tonight, but not really surprising considering it was his first game. think the chemistry with him should click better as the season goes along
Haquerakin13::True
Detroit Everything::Drummond played a great 12 minutes I'll tell you that.
epitome1986::i secretly was hoping the mavs traded up in the draft to grab him.
I3UTTON::I think for the first time all season Carlisle may have found a rotation he can stick with in Dirk's absence
Justinkm83::I'll take any W without Dirk.
TheJTram::Moose has got to get the offensive flow going. Usually he shoots above 50%. This season, he's struggling like crazy
Detroit Everything::correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't it the coach's job to call a timeout when your team is getting annihilated in the third quarter?
Philip3664::He called them, but at the wrong times, when the game was getting too outta hand. He waited too long.
Detroit Everything::I agree, his moves are always too late.
Philip3664::Im gonna try to erase this game from my memory
JimDetroitFan95::Outstanding game Pistons.................  Painful to watch.
Philip3664::Meaningless 3...of course
Jail Blazer::Like if you're a REAL Detroit gangster from 8 mile
Haquerakin13::Wht
Jail Blazer::but you wouldn't be a gangsta
Detroit Everything::you could be from southfield and live on 8 mile tho
Haquerakin13::Drained pistons suck
Philip3664::How did the Grizzlies trade Mayo. He is $@%!$@% automatic
Delontes Alter Ego::Same way the Mavs let Tyson go.
epitome1986::delonte is still upset the mavericks let him go.
AdamFinesse::just had to bring that up
I3UTTON::they let him go in free agency
I3UTTON::ok Juice!
Delontes Alter Ego::How has Fish looked tonight?
47riley47::Cut him some slack, he is more useful than Troy Murphey or however you spell it
jalapeno94::Fish out of water
AdamFinesse::Shooting wise? Awful.
sconn872::old
AdamFinesse::Can Mayo miss?
TheJTram::Hear that? Maxie should come off the bench as a spark and start Drummond
Haquerakin13::He will
epitome1986::why don't the pistons just start drummond at the 5 and move monroe to the 4, then they can start the chemistry between their future stars.
Detroit Everything::we've been clamoring for this since draft day
epitome1986::im not even a piston fan, but i think that would improve the team a lot. having drummond playing 25-30 minutes a night will take off defensive pressure from monroe, there for freeing him up to light up the score board.
Detroit Everything::BC LAWRENCE FRANK.
Detroit Everything::lol, even the dallas announcer said Maxiel would be ideal off the bench
Haquerakin13::Detroit sucks bro don't worry u will lose bro
Detroit Everything::he played great today
Philip3664::Just throw this one away. This was a horrible effort tonight
AdamFinesse::I'm hoping Fisher is just out of basketball shape right now. I was hoping he'd knock a couple 3's down tonight.
LUM32::Anybody know what's up with Kaman?
LUM32::Glad he's not hurt.  Fantasy, of course, but I really like Kaman's game.  He's been underrated forever.
I3UTTON::yes he has. the only thing that bothers me about him sometimes is his defense. but his offense and rebounding is solid.
I3UTTON::he was hot in the first quarter but hasn't done much since..
I3UTTON::yeah Brand and Bernard James played pretty well tonight, so I think that's why Kaman didn't play his usual minutes
LUM32::Thanks!  Looks like he's not playing his usual minutes.
JimDetroitFan95::Nice game Detroit......................  not.  Embarrassing effort tonight.
Detroit Everything::did i mention i hate lawrence frank?
JimDetroitFan95::He isn't the problem.
Detroit Everything::so you would have let the 3rd quarter happen the way it did? no adjustments? just sit there?
TheJTram::Dont we all
