jr5285::Why does Josh Smith not drive in on Paul Pierce??? I was at the game last night and it was a 50/50 split of Celtics and hawks fans there.  I am glad I got to see KG play before he retires.  The hawks have a great team from three point land but they have no one that can shoot a jump shot from inside.  Brandon Bass deserves a lot of credit for the win last night as well because he was clutch all night from inside.
Jdzspace::Or how after rondo dropped a trip dub and hit all but like two jumpers, Dominique has the balls to say " rondo is who you want taking the shot". Is he so dumb he doesn't know only Chris Paul and Nash have been more consistent with mid range jumpers this year? What a complete waste of oxygen
Shaun0088::People seem to forget Rondo has never been a shooter.Only if people could understand that shooting is only a very small part of basketball.
greengoblin808::Nash? lol he's barely played any games let alone take any shots
_I Am A Celtic_::Rondo sucks
Jdzspace::Did Dominique have a stroke and become ret.are.d? He sounded like an absolute moron during this game. " the Celtics can't run", this isn't 2010 most of the Celtics offense comes from running and pushing the pace. And the Celtics can't defend the run? The Celtics half court defense has been terrible most of the year, but there transition defense has been among the league best all year. Does he watch any other team then Atlanta? Or does he just sit there drooling ,staring at his Kevin Willis poster remembering when he mattered?
Shaun0088::Basketball isn't a track meet.
_I Am A Celtic_:::)
nhraven52::First place?
VandyStrangler::Shaughnenessy is a fool. He said he'd trade Rondo for Cousins and maybe deal Green etc? Megalomaniac moron, Dan: you were once a great sportswriter and now, you're a ranting tool. Oh well.
john28292::Jeff Green - I know that the Celtics still are being patient with Jeff. The good news/bad news report. Good News -they are reducing his minutes, only 15 minutes last night. Bad  News still little production in limited time, 1 -4 from the field and 1 rebound and all this for over $10M/year Yicks!.
trashami cheat::Paul Pierce is Kobe's b!!tch!
-United We Run-::sup lewade
Lewade Dwyames......::sup dogs
Lewade Dwyames......::lol celtics fans win one game and are celebrating as if they won the championship, guess what you re still below .500 LMAO
impalass543::we care bout playoffs u heat care bout regular season
Shaun0088::Anyone who wants to cry about the lack of offensive boards by the Celtics need to watch this Rondo highlight from the game and see how they dont try to get them and most of the team gets back on defense.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L4RIGQJ_bnw watch this and see.
Paul41066::If the C,s get Cousins,look out league.
Crooklynism::The league is praying the Celtics don't get Cousins
deeptanshusharma::Cs the only team that can hav Cousins and use him best.. cause it has a roster full of strong personalities and a strong coach...celtics are experienced too....we have a quasi-cousins personality in rondo...so we know whts commin..
john28292::Chemistry - Maybe if the current chemistry is maintained before I took this kid on I would have a world renown shrink try and get in his head to see what gives. If you want a to learn about how important team chemistry two very good examples, the Lakers and the Celtics. The Lakers add the best young center in the league, Dwight Howard and are below .500. Laker fans - I know, I know Steve Nash has been hurt for most of this but still with a player capable of 20 points/20 rebounds per game you are telling me you couldn't adjust without Steve Nash. As for the Celtics add Sullinger, Green, Courtney Lee and the vintage wine aged Jason Terry to replace Ray Allen and the forecast was more easy transition baskets on offense and a younger, faster more aggressive defense, well how has that worked out for the Celtics. So maybe Ray was the weak link in last years defense but Ray at least understand how to play the defense and so far was better than all the replacements.
Big_time_sports_knowledge::Boston over .500 yet???
chenzhen::Fire drew now!!!!
firstnameraylastnamelewis::josh smith shot 4/18?  hahahahahaha.  omg.  trade that p.o.s. now.
brunick1::RRRRRRRRRRRRRRRROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Big_time_sports_knowledge::can anyone explain how rondo is in lis his 7th season and still hasnt developed a jump shot or decent free throw...what does he do with his off-seasons???
13Datty40Zetty::fu.ck bi.tches then shoots swishes
sportsfan1014::&amp; Celtics wanted to trade Rondo last year..
brunick1::I never wanted to trade Rondo chill
sportsfan1014::lol, make up your mind already
Road dog Red::Heck... i wanted to trade him a week ago... Looks like a different player with AB back
celticsfan748::CELTICS HOORAH CELTICS HOOORAH CELTICS HOORAH UBUNTU
ChicagoSingh::How did ATL Lose? Boston is pathetic this year, at least ATL is average.
impalass543::only tru celtic fan knws there team n ur not one stupid
Celts_Patriots_Red Sox_Mavs::stop hatin and be happy with ur team's success
firstnameraylastnamelewis::avery bradley is overrated in the sense that if he played on a low profile team, nobody would care who he is, but because he plays on a high profile team, he gets a lot of recognition that he doesnt deserve.
impalass543::bradley is the man pitbull on d
Swashbuckler2468::ask boston fans if they care whether he is "overrated" in ur eyes
JusDeej::During the play-offs last year Bradley had a plus 20.  Only KG was higher among ALL players in the play-offs.  He replaced Allen... who has a minus rating for this entire season BTW.  You see, scoring more points than the competition is the goal.  Bradley helps your team do that.
firstnameraylastnamelewis::kinda like norris cole for the heat.
Brandon404770::this loss hurt a lot
I Took Passing Lessons from Kobe::Celtics still suck.
17-Celtics-18::If the celtics suck then the Hawks must suck even more because they lost
-United We Run-::God I hate the Packers.
brunick1::Don't worry they're not gonna win it all.
firstnameraylastnamelewis::why?  i hate the patriots and steelers.
cggw::Celtics should definitely keep this team together for a few more years.
Spreadeaglecrosstheblock::Rondo, Bradley, and Sullinger are the future. Hopefully Melo becomes what we hope he will be and get Josh Smith in the mix and we'll rule the east
sportsfan1014::Rondo &amp; Green are the future
oblique15::Green no way
MikeBreenGetGreen::Sullinger
firstnameraylastnamelewis::a few more years?  lol.  kg is old as dirt as are pierce and terry.
firstnameraylastnamelewis::One thing that makes me mad about Josh Smith is how quick he is to point the finger at everything but himself.  He only plays well 1 out of every 3 games.
jay dog in the house::right?
.Everyone wants Decisions D::How cute, they beat a team that choked!  lmao
brunick1::Better record than the Lakers yes?
jay dog in the house::shut up
firstnameraylastnamelewis::Analysis of the Hawks. The team will make the playoffs and get to the 2nd round before getting a$$pounded by the Heat or Knicks.  This offseason will be very interesting.  Does Dwight want to leave an aging Lakers team for his hometown?  Does Josh Smith want to leave when the going gets tough?  Do we bring back Larry Drew?
denn19641::Josh will be snatched by the Stones.
Brandon404770::larry drew can kick rocks aap
-United We Run-::Joe Webb f'ing sucks
brunick1::Yo that was rough dude
.Everyone wants Decisions D::AP
jay dog in the house::haha lucky the east sucks so we can get to the playoffs.
JusDeej::Rondo had 11 rebounds tonight.  Bosh Had 13..... In the last three games combined!
oblique15::You have to love the Heat fans they say every player on the Heat is Elite then the second they start losing they say Queen Jane gets no help
Shaun0088::To them every player on that team is an MVP type of player.
cggw::People convinced themselves KG was "rejuvenated" bc without Bosh the Heat put Rony Turiaf on him. When Bosh came back KG was a non-factor. Also KG and those guys ran out of gas before the finish line.
JusDeej::Believe what you wish...  C's up with 8 minutes to go in game 7.  If Allen could have hit a shot rather than throw the game for his future employers, things may have ended different.  But you're right.  Allen ran out of legs.
cggw::Bosh was coming back from injury.  KG 14-7, 12-5 in games 6 and 7.
JusDeej::Nice self like.  He was not the difference.  Haslem averaged 4 fewer points per game, but 2 more rebounds per game than Bosh.  And a more agresive defender.  Lebron had an insane Game 6.  Bosh not the difference at all with those numbers.
cggw::And yet when he joined the eastern conference finals last year the Celtics were toast. In a way he ended the big three era.
JusDeej::KG averaged 20-10  Bosh 14-7  In that series
brunick1::wow lol
TresMilagro::I'm gay and stupid.   Average Heat fan
Spreadeaglecrosstheblock::you're offending homosexuals by comparing them to heat fans
Road dog Red::and a mommy's boy
firstnameraylastnamelewis::celtics cannot beat the heat or knicks in a 7 game series unless one of those teams has a major injury.  fact.
deeptanshusharma::celtics were the ones plagued with injuries in green wilcox &amp; o'neal.. and come playoff time they had bradley out.. and Ray &amp; Pierce on day to day... still we took that lame james team of yours to game 7... please please miami heat grow up.. Lebron had come to miami to pass more...but it looks like to win in playoffs he has to play assuming he's back in cleveland...
13Datty40Zetty::I love how you say that's a fact when it's really just your opinion
jay dog in the house::hopefully its lebum james that gets hurt.
TresMilagro::Idiots who get distracted by temporary records. C's obviously better than most teams. Heat gonna get their as.ses handed to them. lol
Swashbuckler2468::just let them have their fun for now, people underestimate the celtics every season
TresMilagro::You idiot. Teams go on winning and losing streaks. Know much? lmao
firstnameraylastnamelewis::33 games in is NOT temporary moron
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::By the Celtics?
firstnameraylastnamelewis::heat will destroy celdicks.
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::Josh Smith: 1-5 from 3  Thanks for handing the game over Smoove
brunick1::The guy falls in love with his jumper too much. He should spend so much more time in the post he is deadly down there.
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::Yes he should. Don't know what it takes for someone to tell him that.
firstnameraylastnamelewis::dude, our team is good enough to make the playoffs but not good enough to get past the 2nd round.  we need more talent.
firstnameraylastnamelewis::i hope kg tears his acl.  all the good guys like rose and peterson tear their acls and the scum like kg dont.  kg, go tear your acl.
Spreadeaglecrosstheblock::Never wish an injury on a player. Hopefully everyone stays healthy so we can see which team is actually better.
Road dog Red::Ohhhh... thats all you got... not much of a life eh... lol
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::Embarassing loss. Getting outscored like that to a sub .500 team in the 3rd?! You gotta be kidding me, man.
brunick1::lol @ your screen name
TresMilagro::Last two games goes to show C's are capable of winning against good teams. They just have to stick with it. Go C's!
Shaun0088::The Celtics will be fine they've got pretty much a new entire team
russkd13::Boston could still beat the heat in a 7 game series if the refs didnt help LEBUM AND COMPANYS!!!!!! Go C'S
TresMilagro::Ture. C's almost made it to finals last year with pretty much the same team. Just have to stay healthy and hungry. They have much more talent than most teams, even the lowly Heat.
firstnameraylastnamelewis::this kinda stuff pi$$es me off.  boston is 16-17.  they are from from title contenders.
firstnameraylastnamelewis::i hope the heat get matched up with the celtics again so miami can beat them again lol.
Swashbuckler2468::you are one of the biggest sore losers i have seen for a while. must suck to be you.
Road dog Red::tsk .. tsk.. be care what u wish for.. Lebron is breaking DOWN
Road dog Red::Bron has played in two finals back to back...and the OLYMPICS... he's breaking down and the Cheats are NOTHING without him when that happens you will disappear like you never existed
firstnameraylastnamelewis::hahahaha.  and pierce  and kg arent?  hahahahah.  4-1 then 4-3 without bosh.  hahahaha.  celtics suck.
Road dog Red::Atlanta must really suck for the under 500 Celtics to smack em around
TresMilagro::LOL No excuses. C's are good, just have to play consistently. And they're much better than the Hawks.
firstnameraylastnamelewis::i think the hawks played a 1 pt game last night.  tired legs in the 2nd half.
firstnameraylastnamelewis::nah, poor celdicks.  heat gonna whoop yo a$$ again.
Road dog Red::awwww.. po Hawks
firstnameraylastnamelewis::the heat will win the east.  the only team that can beat them is the clippers.  note it.
etony3314::CrispyTear1281 Ignore I bet he also took more shots and free throws than Atlanta 1 fan likes this -- http://espn.go.com/nba/boxscore?gameId=260122013  Shots: Kobe 46, ATL 68 FT attempts: Kobe 20, ATL 19
cggw::I love how mediocre the Celtics are. At least Rondo now has a 1 game 10 assist streak going.
Spreadeaglecrosstheblock::yeah, it shows he doesn't care about streaks when a fellow player's dignity is on the line.
sportsfan1014::too bad Rondo killed his own streak last time..
Shaun0088::Rondo has stated he didn't care about the streak.
brunick1::How can you hate after this dude just dropped a triple double?
inityminiwur::It's amazing how Atanta gets to have a 20-12 record when only Lou Williams and Josh Smith are their threats on offense. I don't think the Hawks are as good as their record suggests. They're clearly overachieving. But, well done!
sportsfan1014::I don't like Celtics at all, but I pulled for them to beat the Heat last season, &amp; those seniors almost got the job done..
Swashbuckler2468::i don't understand people who laugh at you. they act like being a fan of the heat or clippers is hard work and they earned those wins themselves. stay true to the wizards cuz a real fan is one that sticks with his team through the hard times. don't listen to the haters who like to act as if they were on the court with lebron. its easy to jump on a bandwagon, its hard to root for a lottery team
brunick1::Who are you a fan of?
Popitoff_2.0::It's the East. All it takes is 30 wins and you could become the 8th seed haha.
sportsfan1014::not sure about that.. maybe few more wins but still not good enough to make the playoffs..
Popitoff_2.0::Wizards have a decent future if Wall is improved.
Barrk_40::ROFL
sportsfan1014::I love NBA but Wiz are my favorite team
_BleedingBoston::Great win!
NYC IS THE BEST 3hunna BANG::Rondo is a good player. Just not better than CP3
jay dog in the house::rondo 1 ring&gt;pauls 0 rings,
All around rondo::The Knicks are a good team, just not better than the Thunder.
All around rondo::He's never had the chance to be a closer because he always feeds the ball to his teammates. He doesn't take the shot for himself.
All around rondo::Rondo's stats speak for themselves.
dudeguymanbro1::Closing isn't his job.
garnolfini::He's just stats. Not a closer, depended on PP, KG, and Ray to be a winner.
sportsfan1014::thats why he will be a All-Star game starter this year
sportsfan1014::he is better than Cliff Paul
garnolfini::he's too emo to be great.
brunick1::Its debatable
Popitoff_2.0::Do you not remember Paul doing EVERYTHING for the Hornets? Dude doesn't shrink.
dudeguymanbro1::Exactly, he becomes a triple double machine in the playoffs.
brunick1::Rondo steps his game up in the playoffs when it really matters while Paul shrinks under the spotlight.
sportsfan1014::I think only Celtics fans think Rondo is better than CP3
Neil826::all Atlanta teams are regular season warriors.  they can't win in the postseason and choke under the pressure.
Swashbuckler2468::the one good decade in boston sports history? im not sure how you win 17 nba championships, most of any franchise in NBA history, by having only "one good decade". you are an idiot.
danielp27dio::You have to win it all to "do something" in the post season?
sportsfan1014::yes if they are a team like Yankees, Red Sox, Lakers, Heat..
garnolfini::Boston teams haven't done anything in the postseason since 2008
Swashbuckler2468::are you stupid, the bruins won the stanley cup, patriots are the most dominant football team last decade and the celtics won a championship in 08. the red sox also won 2 world series last decade
dudeguymanbro1::Lol you're such a moron. Go tally up how many championships Boston has compared to other big cities and you'll see we're right there with NY and California cities even though they have multiple teams.
garnolfini::The one good decade in Boston sports history. Congrats.
dudeguymanbro1::You're still an idiot for saying Boston teams haven't done anything. No other city has ever put up a run like Boston has the past 10+ years.
garnolfini::I'm not a fan of Atlanta teams.
dudeguymanbro1::They were in the finals in 2010. And so what? 4 years and you're talking crap lol? When's the last time Atlanta won anything?
_BleedingBoston::Patriots went to the Super Bowl, Bruins won the Cup, Celtics made a deep run. All of this has happened within the last 2 years...
All around rondo::rondo= top 3 pg
garnolfini::#3
Swashbuckler2468::who is better than rondo other than cp3.
sportsfan1014::1. fat Felton 2. drunk Kidd 3 . Rondo
brunick1::#2 at the lowest
Joey Waitkevich::As a celtics fan u see 31-18 hawks after the first and about to feel embarrassed then u see third quarter 33-9 celtics and think... Thank goodness I'm not a hawks fan
sportsfan1014::Hawks are better on the road than at home I guess
nhraven52::Sullinger will be in the d league within the next 2 weeks
Joey Waitkevich::ecspecially considering he's a rookie
brunick1::Dude do you actually watch basketball? Sullinger has been extremely impressive.
Joey Waitkevich::We'll see
