DenverHottie23::Yay Nuggets!
ASIK_AND_DESTROY::God i miss gordon..
Greg_T60::“It's not so important who starts the game but who finishes it.” – John Wooden
albea23yme::when this guy plays like this, he's one of the best in the league. too bad these nights only happen like once per season for him now. and his defense is lazy as hell
SWIFTSLICK::LOL. Typical Gordon. Has a great statistical night but with the game on the line he lets Arron Afflalo drive past him for a layup, and BG fouls.
Boise State is a joke::I am so happy we picked up Mcgee, GK will make that kid into a special player
Jaguarcrazyboy::Always liked Ben Gordan. Guy just has trouble handling the ball and jacking up too many shots.
gmskking::Still lost the game.  That sucks.
Geech63::Gordon hadnt played this good since he was with the Bulls
Pusherman3::Nuggets doing it right.  Rebuilding without tanking.  Now a very young, strong team with the potential to build into something special.    If they ever learn to play team D, watch out.
phatty3327::I see us being a OKC type team in a  year or two.
KENNY-----------POWERS::seems like they are more a 1st rd exit team on the fringe....which is where you usually dont want to be ......not a contender....but not awful..
Pusherman3::Right now, they are a first round exit team...but they also have a very strong core of young players that are learning to play together.  I think they are the second youngest team in the league now.  Give them a year or two and they could be very strong.   They have completely turned over their roster from last year.
paul2285::The 3 is killing us, has been all year!
phatty3327::For all that talk about McGee being a bonehead.  His game winning dunk says the opposite.  First, he recognized he was being under played on this side of the box. One on one with Gordon for a rebound.  He wins 9/10.  Second, the swim move he put on Gordon was spectacular.  So much so it sent Gordon on his butt and unable to recover. Third, to avoid a goal tending call he waited for the ball to clear the rim before he jammed it in.  I think what most would characterize as bonehead I would call showboating.  You will see what McGee becomes under GK.
gw687::You make a good point.  I have seen Javale make some very "low IQ" plays in watching him previously but that play was "high IQ" on multiple levels.  I agree, as well, the GK is the type of coach who seems to really be able to help kids like McGee.  If GK can get that effort from him every night and keep him focused on improving, he could turn out really well for us.  The one thing no one has ever questioned is the potential factor with McGee, it has always been high.  I actually think he and Faried could become one of the most athletic and ferocious front courts in the west under the right tutelage.
paul2285::good observation, the guy provides energy that's for sure
davisia3::Every team in Colorado is a joke
paul2285::Take those clown shoes off, they make you look even more ridiculous than you already are
sportspotpourri::Sucks to be BG right now. Not only is he stuck in Detroit with their terrible team and front office, but they overpaid him so much that no other team will trade forhim. At least the checks are nice I guess. If Chicago had paid him what he deserved instead of Hinrich, oh the possibilities...
Dissention83::It doesn't and wouldn't suck to be anyone getting paid millions of dollars to play a game.
paul2285::The Pistons were 77% from 3pt range, when are the Nugz going to realize that they need to doing something about that??  They get killed by that every game!!!!  I like what I saw from McGee, although he seems like a spaz
roll_n_riot::This stupid Nene trade my god, trade a real centre WITH A BRAIN with a knucklehead where you don't know what you are going to get every night except STUPID fouls from McGee. AND all the effort Denver needed to do to KEEP Nene and resign him at the start of the season jeez.
andre.milkshake::gordon sucks
COOLcalmT::Nene never fully utilized his skill or athletic ability. Every game Nene would 'fancy' up a move around the basket, hoping for a foul and then throw up a hook shot - waiting for a foul. He should have dunked every time or at least gone hard to the basket. He was always weak in the interior, which was somewhat alright in past years because he was shooting 60+% but this year his 6-10 ft shot was not falling. His rebound numbers were always disappointing. He wasn't a force inside and honestly acted like he didn't care this year, why would he? He just got paid!  Being a life long Nuggets fan, I'm happy with this trade. JaVale has something to prove in a contract year and has a lot of potential. I understand he's not the sharpest tool in the shed but he's still averaging better numbers than Nene and has a lot more upside.
hotgrease::Working hard only gets you so far - look at Tebow. And Nene would always argue with the refs when he thought he was getting hacked. Like the Nuggets of old, he would get flustered when he wasn't getting calls. And he always tried to lay shots in instead of dunking them, partly because he is undersized.
cowboyschris50::He may have made some dumb plays in the past but lets not act liek he isnt super talented and the sky is the limit for mcgee....it was a trade based on potential and mcgee did some great things for the nuggets tonight. If his attitude is corrected, watch the heck out he is going to be a beast.
roll_n_riot::McGee is part of the reason why Saunders was fired in WAS, Saunders was mandated to put lots of playing time into McGee and all the young guys. Then cause they were too many immature lose cannons Saunders gets fired. Then the ridiculousness of John Wall , McGee, Nick Young to say, I need to be held accountable, someone needs to put me in line. $@%! if you can't do that yourself your created a huge problem for someone else.  Nene would have never pulled that crapped, he works hard every game, you NEVER question is work ethic or commit but McGee man if Shaq is willing to half dedicate a segment to how many bone head plays you make a week then that says it all.
hotgrease::And Nene was just resigned this past offseason to a large contract.
hotgrease::I loved Nene, but I will say this: he would not have made that play.  Nene's contract was way too large for his production.  On a good night we would get 15 and 7.  And he was always injured.  I would take Chandler and McGee over Nene.
GetEmJov::When ben gordon is Hot shooting, he is almost unstoppable to guard especially when he has that stepback jumper going.
GetEmJov::I would just like to say to All the Wizard Fans I was arguing with when he was traded with on rather McGee is a good player or not, Look at how he has made his presence felt already in one game.  He is only gonna get better too under george karl.  Nene is a good player but he stays hurt alot.  Mcgee can easily lead the league in blocks and rebounds but its up to him.
roll_n_riot::Man you are only thinking about what highlight plays he can do, other than that McGee's brain, work ethic, penchant to do what he wants when he wants, complacent, bad decisions, sorry but this stupid word potential that keeps getting thrown around means nothing when the guy is a lose cannon. As great as Karl is , this is a ridiculous amount of burden to put on him when you are already trying to work with your existing situation.
john_tossin_doe::wanna hear a joke every team in virginia besides the caps.
CandySparker::Cheers Ben Golden!
274Kelvin::This is ridiculous, GK should wake up. Wtf is wrong with nuggs, we were at conference finals a few years ago.???
Pusherman3::That was a completely different team.
roll_n_riot::Billups was there running the show, then Melo went and screwed everything up. You forget that  Hey Phoenix was in the Conf Finals 2 years ago too so your statement doesn't really mean much
streetpreacher1611::These continuation calls have gotten so ridiculous. He was fouled 10 feet from the hoop as he was driving. He wasn't "in the act of shooting". His hands weren't on the ball facing the basket taking a shot. I just hate these calls now. I saw one with Lebron(same with Manu) a few years ago where Prince fouled him at the college 3 point line area, Lebron then dribbled, took two steps, and scored, and they counted it. The only thing the player can do is foul them really hard, or foul them a 2nd time after the initial, because players can do anything and they're counting it as continuation; but then they'll get a flagrant...can't win.
unc_title_town_rides_again::go get a coach that knows how to play and teach defense.        nuggets are pathetic.
milehighsalute95::Um how are the Nuggets pathetic again?  Ya we have no defence what so ever, but we choose to score a lot, which is why we score the most points per game in the league!
Hokies Jets Yankees Pistons::This most be a great day for Denver fans. The Nuggets win and they get rid of Tebow.
NuggetsGooGleMe::Good thing im a washington fan and I live in VA :D
vpowens8898::Wanna hear a joke? the Pistons.
unc_title_town_rides_again::that joke just erased a 25 pt lead at your house and pasted your sorry a z z for 115 points .       your team sucks.
Hokies Jets Yankees Pistons::Fuc k  you
DAnnyPrImetIme15::I have no idea how we won that game. 40 pts in the 1st quarter and then a giant stinker the rest of the way. If this team can come together in the next 20 games I like our chances in the 1st round. We all know what happens to nuggs teams after that.
NBA_refs_are_weak::could you imagin being a player and shooting 9 for 9 from 3 and losing the game? brutal
jayeteee::The Nuggets really are lucky to even be where they are in the standings. I can only look as far as GK as to why this team doesn't play better. He really has no clue about the match ups. Oh well, the Nuggets are a better than average team in spite of George and his love for the vets. Go Nuggets!!!!!!
c5a1t3s::new day, same tired comment.
jayeteee::You got an opinion on the state of the Nuggets or are you just here to criticize others comments? And if you're happy w/ the way the Nuggets are being run, maybe you're the one that's truly tired. :)
ant4det3::IF I'm not mistaken, Ty Lawson made 10 straight 3's without missing last year. He missed one after but, espn needs to fix their wording. Ben Gordon tied record for most 3's made with 100% shooting on them in the game. Not trying to bring him down, but just correcting.
kcwilson25::Holy retahrd.*  Did you not hear the stat, or are you just dense?  Tied a record for most threes in a game without a miss. Not most threes in a row. Ty Lawson made ten three pointers in a row, and then missed one? Doesn't have the record for most threes in a game without a miss.  I don't know you, but I can tell just by your post that you're incredibly stupid.  *I realize that's not how the word is spelled, dumb-dumb.
7BAUGHLLIN7::Well.... Guess thats all your super nuggets fan had in him.. See you guys friday haha
Matt23180::Definitely not loving this new Nuggets team, but I'll give them time to gel.
GetEmJov::yeah that would be the smart thing to do, just give them time to mesh.
mauisku::thank you DN
Trev28nba::That was a lucky win for the Nuggets but I'll take it.
theyorkallday::NBA players draft, all players are eligible... lebron goes #1 kobe goes late, wall goes #9 blake goes #6 full draft: http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
trademarktaz::I hate the few years in between Pistons dominance where we get trash talked by fans of franchises like the Nuggets. It'll be good to be back :)
Slurm Soda::This is my favorite rapper right now.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vk_O3yhLbMA I have to go bye
Heavyweight on Bantam::Hopsin
Slurm Soda::Eminem is terrible now
DenverDiehard35::okkkk just cuz ur slurm ill let it fly
Slurm Soda::I like his old stuff not his new stuff
DenverDiehard35::how do you not like nem?
Slurm Soda::ok sorry
DenverDiehard35::go away!!!!
trademarktaz::Eminem was a better rapper when he was a drug addict
DenverDiehard35::eh idk, somewhat agree. i can relate to a lot of his songs so i dont mind them now
DenverDiehard35::just like slim shady
7BAUGHLLIN7::"Good win nuggets.... (sarcasm)" -the jazz
brycemo22::baughllin you are losing. Let it go
7BAUGHLLIN7::wasnt tryin to be funny if I was simply pointing out the obvious shortcoming of the nuggets and yourself
c5a1t3s::7BAUGHLLIN7 - Exactly what I said.. You dont know what those words mean?  no, we don't.  "super liberal expressions that organization exudes threw its pours.." try "through" before you comment on one's typing/intelligence.  anyway you're a troll and DenverDiehard35 destroyed you.  goodbye.
DenverDiehard35::I dont get how you think the Nuggets exude bad expressions or that they try hard to be relevant... how do you think they do that? cuz i would like to hear
7BAUGHLLIN7::Exactly what I said.. You dont know what those words mean?
7BAUGHLLIN7::You dont know what those words mean?
7BAUGHLLIN7::What dont you get about it?
DenverDiehard35::i dont get it what do u mean
7BAUGHLLIN7::Because I dont like the super liberal expressions that organization exudes threw its pours.. They try to hard to be "relevant" while thats never been my style..
DenverDiehard35::why the hell are they your least favorite? They have no championships, everyone that likes the nuggs is a tru fan been thru years of hurt how the hell could u hate on them
7BAUGHLLIN7::Wasnt a joke lol and you didnt think very hard.. But nah the nuggets franchise is my least favorite in the nba.. I like the spurs tho :)
DenverDiehard35::that was a lame joke. r u doing it cuz u r already talkin $@%! for the game friday
7BAUGHLLIN7::Haha that does explain it.. Think about it.. Real hard its gonna take some work.. And no I dont troll often
DenverDiehard35::that explains it. do you like trolling
7BAUGHLLIN7::Oh alright lol.. Now thats clever I supose.. Yeah im a jazz fan
DenverDiehard35::nah i decided i would make you think i wasnt expecting it and make you feel clever when all along i was expecting it. tell me, r u a jazz fan
7BAUGHLLIN7::So you knew what I was saying but chose to act stupid?
DenverDiehard35::that was so creative, i was actually about to guess that you were gonna say exactly that, good job tho
7BAUGHLLIN7::that wasnt what I was saying.. But I guess I shouldnt expect u to know that
DenverDiehard35::riiiight..... like id back down. I never said, "you win, im done" it was more like a "youre $@%!$@%!, but hey you make me feel smart so why not"
7BAUGHLLIN7::There you go...  Take your steps backwards..
DenverDiehard35::lol you need help, arguing wit you is a waste of my time
7BAUGHLLIN7::Yeah I know what it is.. I see it.. But do you know what it is? ... Your "kids" statement was a product of arrogance..
DenverDiehard35::lol what arrogance.... i dont think you know what arrogance is... this is why i tell myself not to argue with kids
7BAUGHLLIN7::Now your trying to make the internet an excuse.. I dont think im tough because I can pay for my internet or for any reason brought up through thes convos.. Your arrogance is quite disgusting my dude..
DenverDiehard35::lol you dislike me because of the internet? and im arrogant? wow man make sure you keep payin your internet, makes you feel tough
7BAUGHLLIN7::Im not even pretending to know everything about you.. But its obvious that your sarcastic arrogence is what makes me dislike you... I dont give a f ck who you are haha
DenverDiehard35::hahaha ok socrates if you think you can know everything about me thru my typing then go right ahead. But if you think Im "a shortcomer" then go for it, but i bet you have watched me play basketball on tv before lmao.
7BAUGHLLIN7::Your ignorance in your commenting lets me know all I need to of your shortcomings.. You only made yourself look like an idiot..
DenverDiehard35::myself? you dont know me. Now that I made you look dumb, goodbye.
DenverDiehard35::You're tough...... (sarcasm)" -Me
DenverDiehard35::thank you
Heavyweight on Bantam::He's being serious nobody thinks your funny
DenverDiehard35::yep, you're right. I liked it twice. You caught me, I figured out how to like my own comment since there are soooo many ppl on here I really care that people think someone liked my comment. Get real, you're making yourself look stupid. I speak for everyone because everyone agrees: youre not funny.
7BAUGHLLIN7::and you like your own comments and for some reason think you can speak for everyone... Lol thats funny
DenverDiehard35::"You're not funny...(no sarcasm)" -Everyone
7BAUGHLLIN7::Your ga.y...(no sarcasm) -your dad
tylerowns23::the Nuggets have used 18 different starting lineups this season.
Denver1153::yes, we can read the article too . . .
DenverDiehard35::I think one of my neighbors just died lol
JustineS04::Why? Also, you are awfully giddy this evening.
DenverDiehard35::darn.... you missed a heck of a convo on here this game Justine, you shouldnt have left.
JustineS04::If he's dead the coroner comes. There will be lots of cops, not just medical personnel.
DenverDiehard35::haha the ambulance just came and took someone out on a stretcher and then they almost dropped him while trying to put him in the ambulance lol
KillerPancakeX::Kobe: 30 points, 5 rebounds, 4 assists, 1 steal: Makes ESPN headlines for "leading team to victory"  Ben Gordon: 45 points, 8 assists, 2 steals, tied the NBA record (that he set himself) for 9 consecutive 3's made: no one gives a rat's $@%.  It sucks playing on a team that isn't doing good, because everyone, including the ESPN writers and analysts, are too busy humping Kobe's leg (along with LeBron, Wade, Durant, etc) for breathing. So what if the team lost? Gordon's performance tonight was by far one of the best all season long.
trademarktaz::Do you really expect the media to show love to our team? The Pistons are the anti-ESPN, we represent everything right about sports.
JustineS04::It's not just not playing for a team that sucks that's the problem, it's playing for a team that isn't NYK or LAL.
BroncsAvsRocksNuggs::Yep....
JustineS04::I did not count one stupid thing McGee did. He played hard and focused. Every mistake, if you could call them that (foul over the back, goal tending), was a hustle play. Every time he came out, our defense took a nose dive. Also, I don't recall Nene ever grabbing an offensive rebound off a free throw, let alone slamming one home.
vap88::I think Coach karl will find a way to cut back on McGee's mistakes. Good Nugs debut for the kid
BroncsAvsRocksNuggs::I think I saw a couple bonehead plays from McGee but man was he hustling!  I really liked what I saw but this was only one game... can't get too excited...   Did you see what Nene did tonight?  22 pts 10 reb... again... it's just one game!!!
JustineS04::I'm happy for him. I wish him nothing but the best and much success. I hope both teams benefit from the trade.
DenverDiehard35::hahahaha
JustineS04::And honestly, I think he made the rest of the team play harder. Great energy.
DenverDiehard35::I agree lol he did really good. idk whyy poeple hatin on him, he does things nene ever can
BroncsAvsRocksNuggs::When players and teams are having career nights and record games on a consistent basis against the Nuggets I don't think it's called luck... it's the result of an absolutely horrendous defense that is none other coached by the infamous 'George Karl'... Not sure why GK coached teams have always had a terrible defense but it's about time we try to figure it out.
BroncsAvsRocksNuggs::Haha! so true... Career highs at Mile High... sighhhhhhhh
JustineS04::Denver: Where players come to have career highs. It's getting old.
JustineS04::AAA +17. He's been quietly turning in some really solid performances.
JustineS04::Good game Pistons. Wow Ben Gordon. I think the Pistons are going to be very dangerous in the not too distant future.
DenverDiehard35::hahaha
KillerPancakeX::I agree. Give them a couple of seasons to develop the young talent. Brandon Knight, Greg Monroe, and Jonas Jerebko are going to be studs.
JustineS04::Dude, I'm being serious. They've got a lot of talent. And unlike, certain other teams, they actually play defense.
bmosheman::What a fucking game.  Check in and with the nuggets up 20, I turn it off.  I check in later and nugs are down late, so I turn it off.  I feel like a total $@%!$.
JustineS04::Me 1st Quarter: Oh great, finally a blow out. My nails will get the chance to grow back a little. Me 4th Quarter: Back to stubs :(.
gary wheatley::wow  when a player on any given night is feelin it like Gordon was, no body can stop that person.  Its just plain adrenilin.  some of those 3's were defended good. Im just glad denver came out on top no matter what since he was lighting it up.  I know McGee can be a nucklehead at times but wow for his first game here it was great
Adam Shefter literally is everywhere::I still can't believe how good of a game Ben Gordon had tonight.
blackzilla24::pistons could be a good team with couple more pieces
trademarktaz::The difference is, we're the Pistons, we make a couple more pieces win championships.
nnNundu::The same could be said for any team. A 'couple more pieces'
streetpreacher1611::EXACTLY. Huge pistons fan, going to see Heat Fri night with the fam, my 3rd game this year, but they suck, and they are going to suck for a very long time. Gordon is barely shooting over 40% as a Piston, can can't even start. Charlie V doesn't even play. Daye and Jerebko are so great, they barely even play for a .333 club. Stuckey I've always liked, and he has been top 50 PER player, and Monroe is great, and everyone else is one of the worst at their positions in the ENTIRE NBA. And no average FA would ever come here, and we are winning just enough so we will never have a high draft pick, lol.
trademarktaz::I think we're building through the draft. By the time Charlie V and Ben Gordon are free agents, we'll have good young players and cap space to spend.
sharkboy2421::People saying that the Nuggets are doing so 'bad', sure they might not be doing their best but were 6-4 for the last 10 games. Only the Bulls, Bucks and Utah have a better L10 record.   All I'm saying is that this is a very competitive league and no win is going to come easy. It doesn't matter who were playing, its going to be a tough game and this goes for every team.
trademarktaz::The Nuggets will never win a championship with George Karl coaching them. They're a pretty entertaining team though since everyone loves offense.
broncsroxnuggs::I was at the game.Nuggets defense is atrocious.Nuggets willl be swept in round 1 of the playoffs if they even make it
gary wheatley::hey broncs, if youre so negitive about the nuggets and dont believe they are even gonna make it to the playoffs, then why did you spend the money and go to the game?  makes no sense
Coloradosports145::just Like every year
Chuloflow::dude u guys almost lost to one of the worst team in the league
Boulderbuffsman420::i still stand by my point in your last 5 games youve played the raptors blazers pacers and sixers and the sixers are leading the worst division in the nba not that big of an accomplishment
Chuloflow::We havent played anybody good ???? LMAO dude we just beat the division leading 76ers and held them to 79 Points
Chuloflow::yes Melo leading too bad cant say the same about GALLO lmao oh s-hit he got hurt again! hahaha
Boulderbuffsman420::you havent played anybody good in your last 5 games....
Boulderbuffsman420::LOL @ MELO LEADING
Chuloflow::My team will make the playoffs and without a PG no matter how much of a leader Durant is you guys would be s_hit and lose almost every game.. Unlike OKC Knicks were without a PG and coach Mike D'antoni is the worst,,, But hey u wanna talk crap but look at what the Knicks have done after he resign ... 5-0 and holding teams under 89 Points with MELO leading the Team
Boulderbuffsman420::and knicks wont even make the playoffs your point?
OKCThunderswish35::I never said Durant was a Pg boy, i said he could lead a team through adversity, boy. And a Knick fan talking about teams not making the finals? your team might not make the playoffs
Chuloflow::LMAO lead a team ??? are u kidding me Durant is no PG hes good at jacking up shots boy.. OKC would be no were with a bad coach and NO PG ! good luck u guys wont make the Finals anyways!
OKCThunderswish35::I dont think I would call that logic lmao
brichardson766::Chuloflow's logic: You'd be bad if you were bad, too.
OKCThunderswish35::no because durant can actually lead a team despite adversity, unlike your boyfriend carmelo
Chuloflow::YES ya would OKC would be s_hit under a bad coach and NO PG no team at all would be great without a good coach and PG running there team u moron!
OKCThunderswish35::no im not and no we wouldnt
Chuloflow::you are my dog cause I say u are u dont like it ??? too bad! and what excuse ??? if OKC had durant running the Point under a bad coach u guys would be in the same boat as the KNICKS
OKCThunderswish35::Excuses... excuses and I'm not your  dog.
Chuloflow::dude that was under D'antoni he is a horrible coach and knicks didnt have a PG at the time we had Melo running the point u idiot but since than Knicks are 5 game winning streak and holding teams under 89 points a game dog under new coach
OKCThunderswish35::Your Knicks actually did LOSE to the worst team in the league
trademarktaz::A win would have been nice for the Pistons, but we're not playing for anything right now. Look on the bright side, Andre Drummond is slipping in the mock draft order.
trademarktaz::Totally agree with you, I'd be happy for the Pistons to take that gamble with Drummond.
randymossallday::Drummond is a serious talent, but i question his willingness to be a dominant offensive player but honestly all he needs to do is be  a good defender and a beast on the boards and be able to finish around the rim. which i think he can do from day one because of his physical tools but Drummond+Monroe will cause teams problems with Monre's skill level and Drummond's athleticism most teams don't have 2 guys at at 6 10+ to match up with that in today's NBA.
trademarktaz::Yeah, we need an upgrade from Maxiell. We've been lucky to get Knight and Monroe so hopefully we can get lucky a third time.
randymossallday::a drummond Monroe pairing would be interesting.
Dmack6::Denver teams always finding some weird ass way to win games
Coloradosports145::Confuseses me to
masterosportsreturns42::Anyone see the new Tebowie video from last night?
