troy_green1::As a Warrior fan this game was a crazy swing of emotions. I went from the "we got this" feeling to "WTF" three times. Regulation, OT, 2nd OT. Golden State had em, but that's professional sports. In  the NBA you have to finish off games strong and slam the door shut. Denver saw a sliver of light peeking out the door and kicked it open. Oh well, maybe next time.
heat-fan-swag::o $@% nig ga i need ta hop on dis nuggets shi t
derek_510::some would blame klay thompson for this game, like the fellow below me.  BUT, this game was ALL MARK JACKSON's!  what the f(_)k is he coaching?  you've got to make some things urgent, and make it stick in player's (young thompson's) heads  - such as YOU HAVE A FOUL TO GIVE, don't let the man run past you to tie it up with seconds left on the clock!  and take players out when they're in a funk/making bad decisions and put players in when they've been producing great for that game.  it may be only his second year coaching, and he may have a great bond with the players, but bottom line jackson has not shown he knows HOW TO COACH.  yet.
dy0te::klay thompson blew the game. not his fault he doesnt kno any better but its jacksons fault for playing him 55 minutes, while you got harrison barnes over there on the bench in the overtimes playing 19?? then you put draymond green in at the end of the first overtime  to guard gallinari. sorry id rather have barnes. then green switches with klay and lets gallo get all the way to the rim even when you havea foul to give?? this is after klay missed to game sealing free throws to extend the lead to 4. not fair to put it all on klay, hes young. but jackson, what in the world are you thinking?? lol
climb171::Faried 18 points 17 rebounds.....all effort all the time.   He is what sports are all about.
minifarmgirl12::totally agree about the sloan comment, his style of coaching is too much for the prima donna's, i wish he would coach the lakers though
Agent_Avilaz::Warriors defense has already improved. When the nuggets barely have 60 points going into the 4th, thats a result of improved defense. Last season the score would have been 90 110 with a quarter to play. They should have won this game. Its working, but GSW is still a young team. They pretty much played 5qtrs.
eronmclaughlin1979::that's actually a good fit...Curry/Lee can run the pick n' roll...Bogut and Landry play his brand of defense
Broncman17::Landry plays defense??? Lol
eronmclaughlin1979::that's true, although he did make it work with Hornacek and Bryon Russell
minifarmgirl12::you can't turn guys like thomson and lee and curry (ankles) into defenders, not even sloan i don't know what mark jackson is doing preaching defense to a run and gun bunch of shooters
maleckej::wish he coached the warriors
maleckej::wow iggy is way over rated and the warriors need bogut badly.
jayeteee::12 rebounds, 8 assists, and 19 points, LOL, I think Iggy's doing just fine.
oguhmas::no kidding. that's exactly the kind of stat line the nuggets want out of him
NickFoles1::We had Iggy with the Sixers. He is overrated and he takes bad shots that he has no business taking
eronmclaughlin1979::GK steers his team away from the long 2-pointers, so I'm hoping he gets on board and focuses on driving...he also shouldn't be taking 4-5 threes per game, but he might be pressing with the rest of the Denver offense sputtering...once Gallo and Lawson find their grooves, I think Iggy will focus more on ball-movement and D...wishful thinking?
Agent_Avilaz::I knew it was going in when golden state left him wide open..silly young team..his shot is ugly though
maleckej::his jumper just does not look like its going in.
eronmclaughlin1979::I think Iggy's pressing too much...if he calms down a little bit and takes better care of the rock, he'll be fine
minifarmgirl12::pop and sloan best nba coaches ever
Agent_Avilaz::Hornets have a good coach already, but I think Sloan would enjoy a team like that, with Rivers &amp; Davis to build around &amp; less ego. I agree with you about the Bobcats.   LAC surroundings might be to busy for him, but he would try his best to make griffin into karl malone
eronmclaughlin1979::by the way, what's with Willie Green starting and playing 20 min/game for the Clips?   Really?  Does Del Negro want to get fired?
eronmclaughlin1979::oooooo...not a Clips fan, but he could bring that team to the finals....perfect personnel for Sloan...Grant Hill has to play at least one season under Sloan before he retires, right?
Agent_Avilaz::Wall &amp; Beal will be a good tandem if they stay together for washington  charlotte bobcats might have been a good team for him(sloan), but he might end up in the same type of situation as Mike Brown w/lakers...good defensive coach that players like but aren't really all in on  how old is too old for coaching?
eronmclaughlin1979::I don't think Sloan wants any part of Jordan's megalomania...if Deron made him want to quit, how's he going to coexist with Jordan's ego as his boss?!?!...also not sure if Kemba would fit Sloan's system  Sloan's old, but he always seemed to have great energy...I think he's going to open up some eyes when he turns around whatever team lures him
eronmclaughlin1979::I'm guessing Washington would love Sloan to mentor Wall...not sure if Sloan would take over that mess of a team
Luxor922::I wonder what team Sloan will end up coaching.
eronmclaughlin1979::hmmmm...I wouldn't say ever...maybe best currently coaching (I know Sloan isn't coaching, but I think he'll have a job before the season is over)  I do love the way Sloan's teams play...he's too old-school for the modern divas, but he gets players to work they're $@%!$ off...such a good defensive coach
Broncman17::Sloan's a bit of a stretch..
Broncman17::The team that never ceases to amaze is the Spurs. They just keep cranking it out year after year....
Agent_Avilaz::Thanks..didn't really want to explain..had a paragraph in my head
eronmclaughlin1979::gotcha...and I agree
Agent_Avilaz::Pop lacks what Jackson or Auerbach has, or had, but that has nothing to do with coaching, or winning.
Broncman17::If he and Duncan were in Boston, NY, LA..we'd never hear the end of it.
eronmclaughlin1979::explain?
eronmclaughlin1979::Pop and Duncan will be mentioned in the same breath as Jordan/Jackson and Russell/Auerbach
Broncman17::Very true. Yet they seem to be a little underrated nationwide. Prob due to the small market they're in.
minifarmgirl12::true dat
Miami Heat 07::RAWRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
seferson::anthony davis is like kobe in KG's body
minifarmgirl12::true dat
minifarmgirl12::i got 1 question, name me 1 player that's gonna guard anthony davis on D and have success scoring on him as well....  NOBODY
Miami Heat 07::minifarmgirl12 - i got 1 question, name me 1 player that's gonna guard anthony davis on D and have success scoring on him as well....  NOBODY  Kobe Bryant
Agent_Avilaz::Bosh..Garnett...Duncan...Gasol  just hope he has a career anything close to Duncan's
eronmclaughlin1979::did Bryant switch to power forward?!?!?  Why am I always the last to hear breaking news?
Agent_Avilaz::he could learn a few things from the Garnett's, Duncan's..etc...actually not etc...there aren't too many players like him  his has an odd awkward way of scoring points, but the talent is there  if he made the unibrow disappear he would be a lot better...watch the team grow it is going to be a long season
Agent_Avilaz::someone should cut that ugly thing when hes sleeping
eronmclaughlin1979::nononononono!!!!! haven't you heard the story of Sampson? The unibrow is the SOURCE of his power!
eronmclaughlin1979::They have maybe the WORST back-court in the West...Vasquez shooting 30%, Rivers shooting 22%!!!!!  Even when Gordo returns, those guards are going to struggle
Broncman17::Davis is a talent but he's got some proving to do...
LimaOscarLima::He hasn't played anybody yet. Don't declare him a great player until he played against the likes of Kobe, Durant, Lebron, D-Wads.  Give it a rest for now.
Broncman17::You sure love your Hornets!   Southern Belle???
rollinoverthetide1968::Been using this  bet system called SportsBettingstar for two months. In just 60 days I have turned $2000 that I started with and have more than doubled it. I am still in shock at how well this system works since it looked bogus when I first started. I found it on the front page of Google by searching the term Sports Betting System.
rollinoverthetide1968::Been betting with a system for sports bets named Sportsbettingstar. I have made over $3,000 a month for three consecutive months now since I found out about this system. You can find it on the first page of Google by searching the phrase Sports Betting System. At first I thought this was going to be bogus but ended up being awesome..
minifarmgirl12::keep sleeping on the hornets, i find it amusing that most ppl think it's a longshot for them to just make the playoffs, davis is about 6 games away from unstoppable, aminu is a freak of nature full of talent, ryan anderson is coming off the bench!!  our gaurd play isn't terrific but i've seen worse, and if gordon EVER gets healthy...
eronmclaughlin1979::Hornets have a bright future, but you can't expect a team led by a raw big-man to make the playoffs in the West...if Gordon plays 65 healthy games, MAYBE they have a shot
rolandftw::Is this a ****ing joke?  Davis is a freaking rookie; he's going to have some good games, and he's going to have some games that make the unibrow look like a great fashion statement  lol at aminu.  He sucks more then Paris Hilton.  Lastly, where did this **** about the Hornets come from?  Now, go make me some Creole!  And Eric Gordon just played you for a max contract.
rollinoverthetide1968::Hornets blow my $@%!
Agent_Avilaz::why can't people spell the word guard, when it comes to basketball?
LimaOscarLima::Whether is pleasant
Agent_Avilaz::whether you talking bout?!
LimaOscarLima::"Weather" it snows or not? Haha
Agent_Avilaz::weather you say brahhhh...lol
LimaOscarLima::Or "whether"
LimaOscarLima::Uni needs more help then the people you mention. In the East, you'd be correct but not in the West.
eronmclaughlin1979::What's the ceiling on Faried?...you always hear the Rodman comparisons, but Faried has a MUCH bigger offensive impact (and MUCH less defensive impact)...I'm thinking a poor-man's Antonio McDyess is closer (or poor man's Blake Griffin)...I could possibly see Faried putting up 17 pnts, 12 rb, 1.5 blocks by next season
eronmclaughlin1979::he's already at 13, 10, .8 (all of which will go up after tonight) and he's only playing 26 minutes a game!!!  He hasn't yet developed a go-to offense move...if he starts knocking down 15 footers or develops a decent hook-shot to go along with his put-back and dunks, he could be an all-star
eronmclaughlin1979::last 5 games:  17.8 pnts....12.6 rb...1.5 blk...1 stl...33 min/game  and he's still raw as hell
minifarmgirl12::ceiling season 2014-2015 16 10 1.8 1.2
LimaOscarLima::15, 10 and 2 would probably be his best season average but he could suprise us.
Ravens Gunners n Heat::Here is the thing. People say there is no parity in the NBA. NBA favors big cities. But look. Last year NBA West Conference was between SAS v. OKC. Small cities.   NBA Finals: OKC v. MIA ( small mkt. vs. medium mkt.)  I just don't like the idea of spreading the talent around and having an average league. Let 5-7 teams contend every year, and let us have an NBA Finals full of good talent to watch.
Tkw2008::Your nuts!
67jarrett::looks like their rigging it up to be heat/lakers ,i mean setting it up lol
Luxor922::A Lakers/Heat finals would be Stern's wet dream
LimaOscarLima::Only a handful of teams have won NBA championships in the past 20 years. Parity is an issue if you have 30 teams and only 5-6 teams win each year.
Ravens Gunners n Heat::Fareed &amp; McGee will cause lots of troubles to the old LAL front court.
Agent_Avilaz::Phil Jackson won't let that happen - fear the triangle
LimaOscarLima::Been burned too many times by George Karl lead team, I'll keep my optimism in check.
Broncman17::Not cocky. I prefer " confident"  Lol
Broncman17::This is the year we'll finally beat the Lakers..Nuggs vs Thunder in West Finals
LimaOscarLima::"Don't get cocky kid"  -Han Solo
minifarmgirl12::they have to get by davis and lopez first, with anderson spreeading the floor off the bench, and aminu finally coming to his own, such a freakish athlete
rolandftw::lol, this hornets fan is delusional.  they won't win 20 games, so please shut up
eronmclaughlin1979::Lopez?  Lopez? Are you seriously dropping a Lopez?
lMlike::Faried is an exciting player to watch. When was the last time you saw somebody give an absolute 100% all the time. The motor never stops.
dogs::Except he is too cocky. did u see that dunk 2 days ago? Ridiculous.
KyleFurtner::1 play in his career. Big deal man
minifarmgirl12::the whole 7 8 9 and 10 seed out west is tough but something like Twolves Hornets Jazz  Blazers and MAYBE rockets
maleckej::blazers have no bench.  one injury and they are a lottery team again.
Ravens Gunners n Heat::definitely think Nuggs are seed 4
bladeoo31::To me it depends on who the Lakers get as a coach if they get Phil then Lakers are 3 prob even 2 but if they get some scrub coach then Nuggs got the 3.
dogs::OKC without harden wont finish 1st
Ravens Gunners n Heat::1. OKC 2. SAS 3. LAL 4. Nuggs
minifarmgirl12::i think 3 seed over memphis and the clipps
dogs::When Love and Rubio come back. Wolves will easily get the 7th seed..
Kamikazi02::Broncos gonna demolish the panthers tomorrow morning... Lol
Ravens Gunners n Heat::hope so. I have Manning on my team
Kamikazi02::Told you all that the NBA isnt like the NFL... Now nuggets looking better then that last week. Lol
longgrassgrows::SMH warriors...why
CandySparker::Danilo Gallinari reminds me of Zarigani.
Ravens Gunners n Heat::Why is that the West is always loaded? Spurs, lakers, thunder, Nuggets, Grizzilies... etc.
LimaOscarLima::Because they West builds from the draft with mostly good young players , except the Lakers, and the East sign or trade for players. Only a few teams can do that.
minifarmgirl12::1 Spurs  2 Thunder  3 Nuggets  4 Lakers  5 Grizzlies  6 Clippers  7 Jazz  8 Hornets
dogs::How could you count the Wolves out. This is ridiculous
bladeoo31::yeah dude the Wolves are in the Northwest with the Nuggs Thunder Jazz and Portland
dogs::wolves are in the west..
Ravens Gunners n Heat::wolves are east. should be any way.
Broncman17::Now you're talkin' crazy !!  Never happen. Peyton Manning Style!!!
Broncman17::Broncos are gonna run the table from here on out. Broncos vs Packers SB
Broncman17::OK..we got it    Lol
bladeoo31::no way its going to be 31-17 Broncos the only way the panthers can win is if A. the run game gets going and B. if the defense can stop the broncos offense which is going to be hard to do.
minifarmgirl12::tomorrow broncos lose to panthers 31-27
airic.ad::Heat fans are so confident in their dominance of the Eastern Conference.  I don't think it will last as long as they think.  The Sixers have two future perennial all-stars (Holiday and Bynum) and one potential all-star (Turner) who are 24 and under who match up against the Heat very well.   They also have the young Thad Young (no pun intended), who can even now match an aging Ray Allen in terms of bench production.  Doug Collins is a defensive-minded coach, so you can always count on them to be a good defensive team.  If everything works out as planned, the Sixers should be on top or near the top within a few years.
airic.ad::I think people are overly skeptical of Bynum.  His past injuries were mostly freak accidents and it's not like he's out right now with a torn ACL or something.  I don't see him having an injury that affects the rest of his career.  From my understanding, Doug Collins is only sitting him right now because he can, since the Sixers are winning.  They want Bynum 100%, which I am confident that they will get once he returns.
Luxor922::Depends on what they get from Bynum. Also, they'll have trouble slowing Lebron without Iggy guarding him. Turner is nowhere near the same defensive presence.
Luxor922::I dunno why the warriors traded Ellis for Bogut. He is always hurt. They need someone who isnt mad of glass.
Agent_Avilaz::Ellis was stunting the growth of other players..by mid season Bogut will be good
LimaOscarLima::Is it me or have free throws in the NBA been so horrible these past few seasons? A few modern players, Jordan, Kobe and past players use to make a living off of the charity stripe if they have bad shooting nights but now, people just miss them in bunches. Losing games because you missed free throws is embarrassing. It could be because I watch the Nuggets and it's driving me nuts.
Agent_Avilaz::your play was the right one, even in a loss..if you know you would probably do the same thing again, you know its right....just not the outcome
ebumdude::True. Can't complain though. 3 out of 4 isn't a bad way to end the night.
ebumdude::I know, it was pretty safe though. Even with a single OT I had it, but double OT? C'mon man, lol.
LimaOscarLima::Ohh under...thought you had over. Eh, that was a bit of bad luck. Win some you lose some.
Agent_Avilaz::most cases...one team destroys the other and that under actually hits, or its mixed with good defense..this game was at times..a team missing four free throws to end a game and then losing usually doesn't happen
ebumdude::Exactly
ebumdude::So is betting the under at 203 and watching a game go into double OT. :-/
LimaOscarLima::Last year it would have been a safe bet. This year, I wouldn't do that until mid season.
eronmclaughlin1979::bring back the underhand toss!
eronmclaughlin1979::seriously, is anyone else just a littttttttle surprised that NO ONE has gone underhand since Rick Barry?  Embarrassment aside,  I'm guessing guys like Reggie Evans, Biedrins, DeAndre Jordan, etc. could make an extra half million per year if they could hit 70%, and be trusted to play in crunch-time...is a 500,000 per year worth the loss of dignity (to be fair, I would sell my dignity for far less)?
LimaOscarLima::Granny shot?
minifarmgirl12::the nuggets have atrocious free throw shooting, portland is very good
Broncman17::It's early, the Nuggs will work out their FT's..
minifarmgirl12::1 Spurs 2 Thunder 3 Nuggets 4 Lakers 5 Grizzlies 6 Clippers 7 Jazz 8 Hornets
airic.ad::Delusional.  You don't have the Thunder and the Lakers and Nuggets are higher than the Clippers.  Also, stop it with the Hornets nonsense.
rollinoverthetide1968::For a few months now I have been using this system called Sportsbettingstar to help pick winning bets. In only 60 days I have managed to double my bankroll by following this system. You can find this system on the front page of google by searching the term Sports Betting System.
ebumdude::Your system is weak sauce. Stop fishing for customers
hokienation135::West is wide open this year.  East? Not so much. Heat will lose maybe 2 or 3 games on their way to the Finals
Trivial Psychic::I could see that.  There are about 5 teams in the West that are better than the second best Eastern conference team.
airic.ad::Meh, for me it has a lot to do with the development and health of the Sixers.  I don't see New York continuing this pace but if they do (with Stoudemire in too, which is the big question), they might be able to make some noise.
Broncman17::Call me crazy, the sleeper in the East this year just might be Milwaukee...
Broncman17::Ummm..yeah, OK. Lol
airic.ad::I haven't been watching Grizzlies games, except for the Clippers' opener where they lost.  Looks like they've been winning since then, but can someone give me a rundown of how they've been playing?
airic.ad::Alright, it looks like Randolph has been good for them too.  Are they leading the league in boards?
Luxor922::They look similar to last year, strong front court. I think they took a step back losing Mayo though.
Broncman17::The Nuggs are playing poorly and still managing to pull out wins. Just wait till they get it in gear! Go Nuggs!!
airic.ad::You guys mention Crawford's "atypically high" shooting percentage.  He was on New York and Atlanta where he didn't have someone like Chris Paul to play off of and he had to create shots for himself.  Those two teams played a lot of iso when he was on them (just think about JJ) so obviously his shooting percentage wouldn't have been high.  Jamal says he's in the best shape he's been in for a long time and the way he is playing I believe him.  Anyone who plays with Chris Paul (and Bledsoe) naturally shoots better, but it has a lot to do with good conditioning too.  I predict he will level out at around 18 or 19 PPG, but JCrossover is for real this year.
hokienation135::he actually said that he worked on his game over the summer. apparently he had never done that before. all he used to do over the summer was just play pick up games you are right. CP3 has been finding Jamal in the corner a lot. he's been getting very wide open shots
Luxor922::I've always liked his game, instant offense
gt1master_ike::^^^THIS. HIs percentages will drop some  but I see those points with a 46-47 FG%, 37-39 3 pt %, 84-86 FT%.
airic.ad::Agreed.  Higher FT% though - 88-90 imo.
csallstar11::Nastiest crossover in the NBA too
hokienation135::It seems like fans of the teams out west have much more intelligent conversations than heat, celtics, and knicks fans..... knicks and celtics fans always troll heat fans
Trivial Psychic::You see the guy here a few minutes ago who claimed to be a Lakers, Yankees, Steelers and Redwings fan?
csallstar11::that sounds about right
csallstar11::Less bandwagon fans out west too, if you rule out the Lakers of course
gt1master_ike::Well duh.
Luxor922::I dont even go on the Laker board during games since it full of trolls
Trivial Psychic::East coast fans in general seem to be that way, in all sports.
gary wheatley::I know its the Nuggets room yall but just a reminder, the Broncos game is just about here.  boy the weeks are going by fast.  and remember yall, the game is at 11 am here in the Denver area. just a quick input from everyone. What yall thing is gonna happen tomorrow against the Panthers. will denver be 6 and 3? and what yall think the score will be.
csallstar11::Blowout win for Broncos
airic.ad::Has anyone ever won it all with a bench like the Lakers?  I mean, the Heat's bench last year wasn't fantastic but Battier, Miller, Cole, Haslem, Jones came alive and they were the reason the Heat won.  I just can't see the likes of Jamison (who is awful this year, by the way), Blake, Jordan Hill, and Jodie Meeks lighting it up in the NBA finals.
eronmclaughlin1979::terrible depth...but I like Jordan Hill...he played the Nuggets tough in the playoffs last year
bamberg1977::WHere's Luke Walton? They should have drafted D. Green
hokienation135::Hill is the only player with potential. he is a poor man's faried
Luxor922::Remains to be seen. I think they should trade Pau for some bench players personally.
bamberg1977::1 game. Harden is better than any player on Nugz. The Nugs have a better front court though.
csallstar11::Asik needs to hit up a tanning booth
gt1master_ike::Asik is probably their 3rd best player which tells you all you need to know.
csallstar11::they still suck tho
bamberg1977::Well I dont see anyone really hyping Houston. They just made the biggest trades/signings outside of D. Howard.
eronmclaughlin1979::it was a great trade, and they have some young assets, too...Houston is an interesting team...kinda embracing a "Moneyball" approach to management...but they're not contenders this year
csallstar11::who else is on Houston?
Trivial Psychic::The Nuggets have about 4 guys better than Houstons next best player.
airic.ad::Houston is way overhyped.  I feel bad for them.  They overhyped Harden and Lin and now they're getting shut down.  Look at what Iguodala and Brewer did to them just a few days ago.
csallstar11::Harden got paid but I dont think it was worth going to the Rockets, they wont contend Lin is such a joke
Luxor922::Houston needs a big that can score. Too much pressure on their back court
Trivial Psychic::Doesn't look like he'll have much time, but hopefully Bernie Bickerstaff can hurry up and do the same thing to the Lakers that he did in Denver.
Trivial Psychic::Tskitishvili the year before doesn't count?  Passed on Amare Stoudemire twice to take other power forwards.
LimaOscarLima::Hahaha I forgot he existed.
LimaOscarLima::Let Mutumbo walk and some awful trades. Didn't have a draft pick with a damn until the Carnelo pick.
LimaOscarLima::Still values out of it.
eatthatbutt::the only value carmelo brought was tricking the knicks into giving up good players for his volume shooting volume missing self
Trivial Psychic::It took the Nuggets almost a decade to clean up his mess.
LimaOscarLima::Around 16 years to be more correct.
LimaOscarLima::Destroy the Lakers? Yes do it Bernie, you jack ward of a GM and coach.
Luxor922::Minnesota is gonna surprise some people when they get their injured players back. I think they sneak in to the playoffs over teams like Houston, Golden State, Portland
Luxor922::Oh left Utah out too, I think Minnesota will end up being better than them
LimaOscarLima::Utah will be in.
csallstar11::I dont think Houston and GS will even be in the conversation at the end of the year...i think the Wolves and Hornets will be
LimaOscarLima::The way the teams you name are currently playing....Good chance.
airic.ad::My Clippers #2 (possibly #1) seed is dependent on a few things though: DJ continues his current trend of improvement, Westbrook continues to shoot OKC out of games, Crawford continues to put up 18+ from the bench, and the Paul/Billups backcourt avoids injuries.  Also, they do not lose easy games because of a lack of concentration.
eronmclaughlin1979::Crawford shooting 52%...career: 40% 3 pointers-41%...career: 34%  expect a regression...SOON
csallstar11::Lakers won't win it all cuz they dont have the bench and the great teams get production of the bench just look at the heat last year
airic.ad::Yeah, I'm really happy with our bench.  I think the Crawford-Bledsoe tandem is the best NBA backcourt coming off the bench in the league.  We also have Odom, Barnes, Hill, Green, Turiaf, and Hollins.
csallstar11::you guys have a nice bench this year
gt1master_ike::Bledsoe developement is key. That kid can play. He needs more minutes with CP3 playing off the ball.
Lobodamainman21::LOL Mark Jackson is pisssed!
Cbowzer::Where they who he thought they where? But he let them off the hook?
minifarmgirl12::nobody is taking the hornets seriously and i love it, playoffs for sure
gt1master_ike::Its better that way they fly under the radar. Let the other teams get the attention.
csallstar11::sorry about the saints bro that sucks
Luxor922::They'll be better for sure. But the west is too deep. Give them a year or two
csallstar11::go away
minifarmgirl12::$@%!
airic.ad::The Wolves are winning without Rubio and Love.  I think that's a reason to consider them a playoff contender.
csallstar11::they will contend, but the west is really deep so hopefully love comes back 100%
Ddezord::contender, but idk.... i honestly haven't seen enough of em this season to judge
RockyMountainWay1::playoff contender for sure
gt1master_ike::CLippers face the Heat this Wednesday. Grizzlies got the Heat today.  I want to see how the Heat fair against these 2nd tier westeTeams on the road.  I think CLippers will beat them. Grizzlies might as well.
jayeteee::Nuggets and Heat Thursday night in Denver.
gt1master_ike::That will be a game.
LimaOscarLima::Denver need to fix their shooting and free throws. This is the worst shooting Nuggets team I've ever seen ever.
Trivial Psychic::How gassed did Faried look by the end of that game? He could barely stand up straight.
hokienation135::How much longer will Jamal Crawford continue to put up 25+ ppg off of the bench? He is on an insane shooting streak
gary wheatley::he is a scorer, nothing else hok. when a scorer is on he is on, when a scorer is not on he can hurt you cause normally if a scorer isnt making anything they will still keep shooting up shot after shot
gt1master_ike::His job is score. They basically cut out his playmaking duties. That why his efficiency has risen. He is on the perfect team where he can focus on what he does best.
airic.ad::I think he'll continue to be in the 6th man hunt all year
Luxor922::I hope he keep it up, fantasy stud
