Only real fans stick with bad teams::yo
Only real fans stick with bad teams::hey
Only real fans stick with bad teams::hey <b></b>
Only real fans stick with bad teams::hey
Only real fans stick with bad teams::hey
Only real fans stick with bad teams::hey
Only real fans stick with bad teams::hey
Only real fans stick with bad teams::yo
Only real fans stick with bad teams::hey
Only real fans stick with bad teams::hey
Only real fans stick with bad teams::hey
Only real fans stick with bad teams::hry
Only real fans stick with bad teams::yo
Only real fans stick with bad teams::hey
Only real fans stick with bad teams::yo
Only real fans stick with bad teams::yo
Only real fans stick with bad teams::<b> <i> <u> yo</u></i></b>
Only real fans stick with bad teams::<b> yo</b>
atk6e::Recap headline says "Amir Johnson grabs career-high 21 rebounds as Raptors beat Bobcats," yet the video doesn't show a single Amir Johnson highlight. Good job, ESPN.
Budd1087::The Bobcats are good when they play basketball.
itsover2222::is this the 1st time rudy gay has shot over 50% since coming to toronto?
JoeyDorsey4MVP::I think its the second time.
ToTheTop854::Started betting with a system called SportsBettingStar now for a couple of months now.  i found this on the first page of Google by looking for Sports Betting Systems.  Since  I started, Ive made an average profit of $3,000 a month just following it.
TDOTNATION22::Alex_TO - The biggest was Solomon Alabi, hasn't been the same since he left -------------------------------------------------------------- U mean Rafeal Arujo
Alex_TO::Solomon Alabi, Rafeal Arujo, and Nathan Jawai, the next big three
9edr0::Charlotte has an all time 38.2%  all time winning% (including last year and this year) so yea they have been stuck in the middle for awhile had to do something
TCluvcarpanthers::Noles506 - So one man is going to save the franchise? See you this time next year... and we will see what the state of the team is, I am guessing the same result as every other year the Bobcats have been in the league.  You will probably see us in the same place next year. Except with a 2013 top 3 pick, a better Kemba Walker, MKG, Bismack Biyombo, and Jeffrey Taylor as well as more cap space. And hey, we'll get to choose between Andrew Wiggins and Jabari Parker. Woe is us.
gri400_V2.0::alright i gotta go work on this whole avatar problem, i'll see ya all later :)  cats/raps play again on the 20th BTW :)
Noles506::TCluvcarpanthers believes the Bobcats will be a "GREAT" team via the draft.  How did Adam Morrison, Brandon Wright, Gerald Henderson, DJ Augustin, Tobias Harris, Alex Ajinca  &amp; Sean May all turn out for you Mr. drafting genius? Gerald is the only one on the team and isn't a very good #12 pick.
Noles506::You know, I can't really argue with that.
9edr0::the last 2 years have been good drafts (since Cho started picking)  Kemba (very good pick) Biz (good defender) MKG(defensive star potential) Taylor (good shooter and defender)
Ismail0187::For a number two pick MKG isn't very good.
Noles506::So one man is going to save the franchise? See you this time next year... and we will see what the state of the team is, I am guessing the same result as every other year the Bobcats have been in the league.
9edr0::well considering he helped put together the Thunder he probably knows how to build a team
9edr0::Rich Cho is doing all the player personnel stuff....all those picks were Jordan...and Tobias was a traded pick
TCluvcarpanthers::And Gerald Henderson was a good pick at #12. Who would you have picked?
TCluvcarpanthers::All drafted by the old GM, Rod Higgins and Michael Jordan.
TCluvcarpanthers::And I'd take Kemba Walker over Kyle Lowry.
Noles506::Your theory has been proven wrong, thanks for playing. I will take Lowry over Henderson.
TCluvcarpanthers::High draft picks (which we're getting) turn into marquee players. With the cap space, we retain the marquee players.
9edr0::gotta save up some for Kemba
TCluvcarpanthers::Mullens is a better rebounder and worse shooter than Barg.  They're equally bad.
9edr0::a 15pt 5 rebound 7" Center? that is worse than Mullens
Alex_TO::We got to save for Bargs, I really want to sign him to an extension
TCluvcarpanthers::4 years / 40 million dollar deal he'll probably get in 3 years.
quincyacysbeard::oooh Vikings is on...gotta bounce.  need to satisfy my blood lust.  Go Jays Go.  oh,  and take your brother's hammer out of your mouth you no-talent a*s clown of a mod.  your father is clearly getting envious.
TCluvcarpanthers::Noles506, the Raptors pick is not close to 15. It's around 8-11. That's a pretty big difference. In that range, you can get prospects who are cheaper and have a higher upside than Mr. Kyle Lowry.
pico2013::Lowry demanded a trade from houston rockets because of kevin mchale not so good coach.
pico2013::when he is healthy
9edr0::a 100% Lowery vs a 80% Paul.....Paul would win
Noles506::You know little to nothing about basketball and drafting. It's not a given you will get a good player. Your a Bobcats fan... you don't know this?
pico2013::Lowry is as good as cris paul
Alex_TO::If we believe he is, then it will happen
9edr0::he got kicked out of Houston for Jeremy Lin!!!!
gri400_V2.0::lol no
TCluvcarpanthers::In what world?
Alex_TO::We are losing that pick anyway
TCluvcarpanthers::Yep.
Noles506::And Bobcat fans, cap space is all good and all, but what good does it do when no one wants to sign with you? Raptors had the same problem. So you have to make deals, instead of relying on Free agency.
Broken j::Raptors HAD the same problem??? What top free agents did Toronto sign???
Noles506::So it's a permanent rebuild? Must be fun to watch.
TCluvcarpanthers::The same way the Rockets (Harden and Thomas Robinson deal) and Cavs (Speights, Selby, 1st, Ellington deal) use their cap space.
TCluvcarpanthers::We're in the beginning stages of a rebuild. We haven't obtained all of the assets necessary.
Noles506::Guess what? You need assets people want to get Harden or Robinson, that you do not have. Ellington is a bench guy. Speights is a role player.
Benjamayne::rudy shot 11-16? what is this sorcery?
quincyacysbeard::this still cracks me up..... the Magical Linesman for those who missed it...  http://cdn1.sbnation.com/imported_assets/1487565/741450447.gif
gri400_V2.0::holy hell it took me 5 minutes to get my avatar last time, this is just killing me
9edr0::it took me like 1 hour lol
gri400_V2.0::now i know what people mean when they complain about this. i got mine on my first go in my main profile
pico2013::Raptors got terrance ross, jonas valcuinas, lowry, rudy gay oh did i forget demar derozen. watch out for raptors conquering the east in 2 years.
TCluvcarpanthers::Those same guys who struggled to put away the Bobcats? Two of them have reached their ceilings already. T Ross and Jonas will be good, though. But conquering the East? Meh, we'll see.
TCluvcarpanthers::Lowry and Gay are 26. They're not gonna get much better than where they're at.
Noles506::Lowry, Demar, Ross, JV all have potential to get better, and so does Gay... he's the man now. The Bobcats will only be good when the NBA re-locates them.,,lol
Alex_TO::WE ARE CONQUERING THE EAST, THE MIDDLE EAST THIS YEAR, THE WORLD THE NEXT
Noles506::I don't know about conquering, lol..things are looking up though.
Noles506::"Cluvcarpanthers The Bobcats are on rebuild number 1."  That takes the cake. Who believes that?
Noles506::Yes, they have been around long enough to rebuild more than once. I am aware who they are..lol
TCluvcarpanthers::It's the truth. Basically from their inception, we've been mediocre (until 2010). Then, we became terrible (2010-present) in a hope to become good (maybe future) one day.
9edr0::no the Charlotte Bobcats are relatively new....the old team the Charlotte Hornets moved to New Orleans
Noles506::It's impossible that is your only rebuild. Been in the league to long.
pico2013::You are kiddin. Raptors are movin in the right direction we got rudy GAY.
Makaveli_Better_Dayz::I would love to see either of these two teams win the NBA Finals one day.
Alex_TO::Me too, the NBA should have playoffs for all the teams that didn't make it
Alex_TO::The future is Bargs, if you say it to yourself enough, you'll believe it
quincyacysbeard::SERENITY NOW!!!!
DR HORSE 3::raps need another piece besides mr gay
TCluvcarpanthers::And contrary to popular belief, the Bobcats have only undergone this process of rebuilding once. Before 2010, they were just a middling team just like the Raptors. They were going nowhere. That's why the team was blown up, for a chance at a brighter future. A bright future cannot be obtained with players like Rudy Gay, Andrea Bargnani, and Landry Fields hogging up precious cap space.
Noles506::No marquee guy will sign with the Bobcats. So what does it matter?
9edr0::they dont need a marquee player they need high draft picks (that turns into marquee players) (which they will have plenty of)
Noles506::But, according to you Tryus Thomas is the future...
9edr0::and the other bad contracts will be gone also...Diop and Gordon (won't use Player Option)
TCluvcarpanthers::He'll be amnestied this offseason.  You can only amnesty one of your bad contracts.
9edr0::he will be amnestied
gri400_V2.0::yeah... we're in a bad position.  thanks BC, ya nitwit
gri400_V2.0::i'm all business when it comes to my insults, nitwit proves it :)
quincyacysbeard::i can't believe you just pulled out nitwit.  i think the'ye more like stupid doo doo faces.
9edr0::yea being stuck in the middle is probably the worst place an NBA team can be
quincyacysbeard::been there since '02 - and lovin it!!  Regards,  Raptors mgmt.
Alex_TO::We know, we know, tell that to Colangelo
TCluvcarpanthers::Tell that to Noles506.
TCluvcarpanthers::I'm not saying the Bobcats are a superior team to the Raptors. Because...they're not. But at the very least, we're moving in the right direction (obtaining assets, losing bad contracts, getting high draft picks). Our GM, Rich Cho, is working wonders over in Charlotte. Otherwise, the Raptors have no draft picks, have no cap space, and are not making the playoffs. I'd wager a pretty penny that the Bobcats will have a brighter future than the Raptors.
Noles506::You must be prepared to live in your car. I have already stated, Raptors pick is going to be probably close to #15. Are you getting a better player then Kyle Lowry at #15? A better PG? I don't think so. You have been getting high draft picks since your inception into the league. How long does it take to rebuild? You still have Tyrus Thomas, that is a good contract? What does it matter if you have cap space, but can't sign anybody because no one wants to play for you? Toronto was in the same boat, so they acquired talent through trades instead of over paid free agents.
quincyacysbeard::raps don't have pick this yr
quincyacysbeard::pennies no longer exist here.  a nickel says you're right though
gri400_V2.0::Alex_TO - They should just melt all the pennies and make a giant polar bear  HELL YEAH! make it life sized. best use of pennies ever
quincyacysbeard::that's a lot of money my friend
Alex_TO::They should just melt all the pennies and make a giant polar bear
9edr0::i have like a billion pennies
DR HORSE 3::it has to be andrea bargnani's  terrible  diet of primo pasta  that has made him as limp as the  pasta he loves
Makaveli_Better_Dayz::So Toronto has had some notable names leave. I'm guessing Carter's departure had the biggest impact??
quincyacysbeard::the sum of them all is worse IMO
gri400_V2.0::yep, the way he left sure did help. he'll get his jersey retired someday though
9edr0::ummm
Noles506::Bored?
Makaveli_Better_Dayz::Me? Oh hell yeah, hell yeah.
Alex_TO::The biggest was Solomon Alabi, hasn't been the same since he left
MoneyWeems2477::Andrea Bargnani must be a mod
Noles506::Sonny Weems is a mod, he couldn't find work any where else.
MoneyWeems2477::Celtics and Knicks offered him a spot lol
gri400_V2.0::lol, that would make this worth it
quincyacysbeard::ha! that's awesome
Alex_TO::Or Colangelo, or  both
Brittany5834::well.....that was f'n rigged
quincyacysbeard::so you're saying you took the points?
Alex_TO::HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHA
MoneyWeems2477::Intersting fact: Number of likes on miami heats facebook page in 2009: about 200,000 Number of likes on miami heats facebook page in 2013:  7,700,000 Talk about bandwagoners
9edr0::like 100% of the Heat fans i know are bandwagoners
Noles506::lol...who cares about Facebook?
9edr0::yep
Noles506::Cluvcarpanthers See you in the lottery...    Oh wait, no picks.    Oh, then see you in the playoffs...    Oh wait, no playoffs.   A Bobcats fan trying to talk like his team is superior? I am sorry, but they have to be one of the worst teams in professional sports in the last ten years. I will take Kyle Lowry over the # 10-15 pick they would of gotten from the draft. I am very confident the Raptors can compete for a playoff spot next year. No doubt Charlotte will get another hyped up prospect out of college, how has that worked out for them in the past? They are into rebuild # what? Not saying the Raptors have been great, but... they look to be in better shape then Charlotte. Your not making the playoffs. Any time soon.
TCluvcarpanthers::The Bobcats are on rebuild number 1.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Alright I am about to get crazy drunk by myself. Talk to you guys later or on the next game board. Raptor mob stays strong no matter how many SNs must be used haha. Very strange the mods were even looking at a Bobcats-Raptors board but anyways Peace out guys and GO RAPTORS!!!
gri400_V2.0::what did i even do. I've been here for years and never did nothing to no one :)  screw you mods.  see ya later man
gri400_V2.0::already uploading a new avatar :) polar approved   thank you for your kind words
Alex_TO::Gri is a legend around these parts, attacking him is like killing the Queen
quincyacysbeard::what's your weapon tonight?
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Vodka beer as suggested by this board a month ago haha. Peaceeeeee!!
Alex_TO::May the force be with you
MoneyWeems2477::The Heats streak is coming to an end this sunday
quincyacysbeard::jesus... that wells kid just torched duke.  he's my new hero.
mdsteveb33::Yeah, that was a great team! I've been a fan my whole life (ups &amp; downs). One more quality win (most likely they'll play the Tarheels tomorrow) they may get a nod.
mdsteveb33::He had a great game! The Terps finally showed their talent
quincyacysbeard::i liked the terps back in the wilcox/dixon/baxter days.  they need to win outright to get in, so why not?
Makaveli_Better_Dayz::This board is much, much, better than the Lakers board. Sucks when you can't go on your own team's board because it's full of trolls...
Noles506::That will be nice for a change gri, especially if they are winning. Lot of angry Yankees / Sox fans I predict. Sweeeet.
gri400_V2.0::that they are, we'll welcome then warmly for game 4 though
quincyacysbeard::that team in new england is destined for the basement
gri400_V2.0::the yanks regualr fans are pretty cool, though the trolls suck.  just expecting general tools, but i'll take the winning either way :)
Makaveli_Better_Dayz::I understand. It's always the same story. Kobrick. LeBrick. Kobe raped someone. LeBron chokes. Jordan this, Jordan that, blah blah blah.
quincyacysbeard::i know gri.. i think it will be bad.. certainly early on.  thankfully i now have 4 handles to use for witty insults.
gri400_V2.0::hate to get it everyday, though i am expecting it with the jays this year
quincyacysbeard::at least the trolls get the latter half of the comment right.
Alex_TO::Don't forget the "Why does Toronto have a team, they suck"
gri400_V2.0::and the token turns into a flood in the large market games
quincyacysbeard::we usually just get the token canada sucks and craptors routine
gri400_V2.0::thats both homer trolls and other team trolls right?  hate games against the huge market teams (new york, LA for example) annoying to put it nicely
Alex_TO::The sad part is that people come to troll the Raptors
quincyacysbeard::that, or against the best teams,  nba trolls are far more prevalent than MLB trolls.  save for one william upper canada of course.
mdsteveb33::The Bobcats made 1 fg the entire 4th qtr...the rest were free throws...that's PATHETIC!!!
Noles506::They had a really good chance at winning. I wasn't watching the fourth. Was it Raptors D, or just the Bobcats not executing?
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Lowry, Amir and Alan Anderson took over the game from a defensive standpoint.
