MAGIC11033::Told anyone who was listening the Suns had NO CHANCE to win this game.  Miami wipes out teams, the next days game is a lost cause.  First Magic play Miami, then get crushed by the Bulls the next day, then the Suns played the Heat and they lose the next day to Orlando in a game that was over at half time.
John Michael00::most dead board ever..
pbwiili::I know its not going to happen but looking at the Magic's remaining schedule, they should be favored to win the rest of their games. Now we'll see what their players and coach are really worth.
Packnation21::57 in the first half after 59 in a game, someone was angry
DTangMF::Bull's defence were very good and Magic offence were very cold.
theyorkallday::NBA players draft, all players are eligible... lebron goes #1 kobe goes late, wall goes #9 blake goes #6 full draft: http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
KingDanimalTheAnimalASUFan28::GG
Meet-The-Forkers::Danimal, I had a virus today from ESPN. I don't think I will be on for awhile. I am on my other computer. Damn hackers. I noticed someone got in and was created a comment and tried to post it. Weirdest thing ever Danimal. No my IP has been hacked (I think ) and my computer cannot even get a "connection" I am troubleshooting it as we speak.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Thank you magic- jazz fans
darwinislord::Somebody change Dwight Howard's jersey to say Senor Howard, or how about El Hombre.
darwinislord::How do you translate NBA into Spanish? NBA!
darwinislord::El Magic? Does anyone mind if I El Puke?
b.ball_player28::Orlando = Champs '13
1812dabomb::Hopefully or else superman is gone
miguel veloso1::Live observations from today's games:  http://hoopsgrind.com/2012/03/21/wednesday-gameday-observations-32112/
NoThanks2U_8::The two loser teams that faced Miami clashed in a dud of a game... Both teams are horrible. Magic lucky they where able to beat Heat and Bulls twice.
DTangMF::luck my @ss, they got talents they just need to focus and have a stronger mentality.
Meet-The-Forkers::I had a feeling it would end this way.
theprodctz::Magic won, Lin did well, Chelsea lost, Tebow isn't joining the Jaguars... today was a good day.
DTangMF::It is very hard to win when you played the Heat the night before~
NUPE_NUPE_NUPE::Gortat got that as.s tapped!
MagicBoltzRays::Only 17 TO's for the Magic tonight, still bad, but better.
Nash_Owns_LA::What the hell Nash?!
Ihatebandwagons::I know the Blue Jackets didn't trade him... Oh wait... Sorry
alwaysrootinforLB::I've been following a sports betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. Over the past 2 months I have made over 3K a month following this system. I found it by googling the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I recommend this system to anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and will make you money
Michael_Orlando_Magic4Life::Suns blow
KingDanimalTheAnimalASUFan28::Michael_Orlando_Magic4Life - Suns blow __________ Stay classy
Blackmac317::World Peace is the best !!
marcko::Tebow should change his name to World Peace and Metta should change his name to Tebow.
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::Remember: Sports junkies rule and news hounds suck.
Blackmac317::i think i saw this written on the inside of the toilet stall at the last home game
Eshaked94::Bulls fan here, magic fans. Want to congratulate you on the win and a great way for an offensive bounce back. Can't wait to play you guys again.
MagicBoltzRays::nice to see a classy bulls fan.
marcko::Maybe you can hold the Magic under 50 next time.
Michael_Orlando_Magic4Life::Yeah tied the season series with Miami now tyring to tie it against the Bulls.
Michael_Orlando_Magic4Life::Nash only had 2 assists
Michael_Orlando_Magic4Life::Yo the Phoenix Suns suck.
MagicBoltzRays::Three Stars 1. Howard 2. Anderson 3. Fat Baby
mvp18pm::Let me fix that. 1) Howard 2) Anderson / Redick 3) Everyone else sucks.
1812dabomb::No way. I'm a magic fan, and even i say those two are far from all stars.
marcko::No hockey references please
marcko::Tebow should play PF for the Magic
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::I won't sleep well again tonight. Every loss is a slap in the face reminder that the sports world really is reality and not just a movie. But this week is particularly terrible because we'd gotten ourselves back in the playoff hunt with that four game winning streak and with competitors winning and us losing these two that's shot now. Terrible week. :(
swami30::yes over!!!!!!!!!!!!!! all i need is nuggets str8 up and $150 2 win $264 3 team parlay had bulls/nugg str8 up and te over in this game
blackzilla24::WHAT
Blackmac317::this is quite possibly the most unintelligible sentence ever written.
marcko::Stupid Nash should have agreed to be traded to the Magic.
GOGETTA10MIL::WE LIKE TO PLAY D-FENSE OVER HERE
Nash_Owns_LA::I can tell, since you don't play offense. 59 points against Chicago? College teams could do better.
Blackmac317::yeah, and all those championships show it
unc_title_town_rides_again::IF YOU GET BLOWED OUT BY A TEAM THAT IS HELD TO   59 PTS AT HOME .. YOU SUCK... NO DEFENSE AT ALL.. GO HOME.
csmeech::If you "like" someone that says "blowed out" when trying to appear intelligent....you suck....no proper education at all...go home
Magicmike321::Blowed?  LMAO!!
Blackmac317::alwaysrootin for spammer of the year !
alwaysrootinforLB::I've been following a sports betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. Over the past 2 months I have made over 3K a month following this system. I found it by googling the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I recommend this system to anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and will make you money
Magicmike321::just flag him
Michael_Orlando_Magic4Life::scam
badguy40::shut up
111Mauricejonesdrew111::justin harper siteing
Michael_Orlando_Magic4Life::Have fun not making the playoffs again Suns fans.  And that ugly looking guerrilla you call a mascot!
Blackmac317::that gorilla can dunk on ur as.s anytime
unc_title_town_rides_again::SUNS.. YOU SUCK SO BAD.. CARRY YOUR A Z     Z BACK TO PHOENIX AND DISMANTLE THAT OLD A Z     Z TEAM.. YOU SUCK.
GOGETTA10MIL::MAKE SURE NASH IS ON THAT BUS
Blackmac317::Your message will be delivered directly to the Suns management for serious consideration.
Magicmike321::I have to give Nelson credit...  He seems to be able to get to the rim when he wants to...  Just wish he wanted to do that more
crandall678::The referees control who wins in the NBA, not the teams.
blackzilla24::Why are you here
Michael_Orlando_Magic4Life::Sometimes yes
Blackmac317::?
Michael_Orlando_Magic4Life::Leave it up to a genius like Otis Smith not to offer a contract extension to Ryan Anderson.
111Mauricejonesdrew111::magic need to resign ryno
Magicmike321::RYNO!!!
Blackmac317::i prefer peeing on the edge of the waterline to avoid splash
openminded43::How do NBA players miss POINT BLANK SHOTS???
PIDI9093::lol
badguy40::just like how u wonder why u only work at mcdonalds
Michael_Orlando_Magic4Life::hahaha Nelson sucks
tampasportsrule::Btw you need to add Vince Carter to that All-No-Defensive-Team. Rumor has it that VC's shadow once dropped 35 on him in a pickup game back in Jersey.
Michael_Orlando_Magic4Life::rumor has it your mom regrets not getting that abortion.
miked_1::oh god suns lose by 5 pls ,anything is possible
Magicmike321::Wow that lead went fast...
its me the original::the awkward moment when u relize that u dont no anything on a test and just start laughing because u relize ur screwed.
Michael_Orlando_Magic4Life::Magic will get a lot in free agency in 2013.  Nelson and Redick come off the cap and so do a couple other players.  That will be about $18 million coming off the cap.  Or they can make a big trade next year with the expiring contracts they have.
