Leland Wong::The last few games JL has actually been allowed to be the PG  of the Rox not JH and the results showed that it works better. And furthermore the offense has gone thru DW12 like it should be.
Patrick Foote::Im a huge Harden supporter but he may single handedly allow the Rockets to lose tonight. Eric Gordon is absolutely lighting him up.
Elijah Rochford::ethier you gotta blame the coach or the leadership of the team but who is their leader???
Joe Rocker::I think you gotta blame the coach - they just weren't prepared for the game.
Leland Wong::But we need JH scoring, we all know he is allergic to D. Others just need to pick up the slack on defense. Even in college he was not a good defender.
James Baron::kevin mcfail is a joke he needs to be coaching in Alaska not in Houston so please fire this scrub already morey
David Chen::I know Harden wants to be a super-guard (scorer, playmaker) but can he please try to better his defense?  Average guards can put up 20 against him, good guards put up 30.  If Harden doesn't score at least 25 himself he's a net-minus at his position...
Quintus Greene::Harden has got to lead the league in crunch-time turnovers.
Bruce S Hirsch::harden needs to sit the rest of the game,,,gordon 33
David Morant::Pretty obvious the Rockettes just don't feel like playing tonight ... maybe we should sit Parsons, Harden and Howard and let the scrubs play it out.   It's only 1 game ... tomorrow is another day.
David Morant::Rockets close out the quarter in their typical "quarter closing" fashion ... getting outscored 13-6 to end it ...   And scrub Eric Gordon is still on pace to score 44 tonight!
Patrick Foote::scrub? lol
David Morant::Patrick Foote ... absolutely ... when compared to his output tonight ...  Dude averages 16 ... and is on pace to score 44.
Elijah Rochford::lol Eric Gordon is no scrub just injury prone
Rob Soldo::Rockets wont contend for the title, not even in the West. 1st round exit which should mean the Rockets need to get another coach as this one will never control a game in the 4th quarter. Rockets have no clutch and Dwights numbers defensivley have been outdone by T Jones in recent times. Too many individuals D12 needs to get in the ring with Valazquez and choke his head down to size.
Matt Bugatto::Rockets fans are learning the same lesson Lakers fans had last year. In Dwight do not trust.
Matt Beggs::actually, they are not even aiming for the title this season, the aim is to get to the second round of the playoffs, Dwight also has been a brilliant pick up and he isn't the same injured Dwight that the Lakers had last season
Jacob Chen::I'll be objective and agree with you that right now the Rockets look like a first round team (assuming CP3 comes back healthy). However, if Morey can package Omer and Dmo for some nice wing defenders who can shoot (don't think they'll trade Omer this season) then they have a legit shot to make it to the second round.
David Morant::I'm actually stunned we're not down by more at the half ...  A scrub like Eric Gordon has 22 points at halftime ... amazing ...
Quintus Greene::Look at James Harden's defensive assignments all season long and it's not at all surprising.
David Morant::Quintus Greene ... He's not exactly a defensive stalwart ...   Maybe it would behoove McHale to have Lin guard Gordon ... HE can actually play D every once in a while if he puts his mind to it.
Vladimir Tsalyuk::does anyone understand y pelicans haven't fired their awful coach yet? I mean enough is enough. You compare their roster to the nuggets and they have an all star team.
Leland Wong::The Pelicans are a young team and are doing as well as they can. The coaching has been good.
Vladimir Tsalyuk::Leland Wong yea the coaching has been excellent..its y they're bottom team in the west every year, incredible coaching..unless im seriously mistaken, this coach is fired by the end of the season.
Phil Metalhed::Pelicants suk bals, lol.
Josh Beall III::get a new coach
Leland Wong::Need to have everyone to step up, PB will be back in 3 weeks after the all-star.
Jeff Nathan::Beverley should be back much sooner than that, probably before the end of the month.
Leland Wong::Jeff Nathan With PB back we have a chance to go all the way.
Peter Peterr::Leland Wong What about your other favorite team miami? or is it LA? when are you going to be a Spurs fan?
Sammy Bissett::Never thought I'd see the day where the Houston Rockets came up with huge defensive stops time after time in the late seconds of the game. This was an impressive road victory. Hopefully somehow some way we can carry to momentum against OKC....hopefully
David Chen::Dwight Howard and Terrance Jones are bad bad free throw shooters.  I wonder will a team just start to "hack-a-Howard/Jones" right from the start of the 4th quarter and cool off the Rockets other players as well. They are so bad....
Thomas Tipton::New Orleans fans gotta be stoked right now... They lost but Davis is one of the most fun players to watch in the NBA.  They are 1 or 2 pieces away from having a strong playoff team in the west.  Wish the Suns coulda drafted Davis!
David Morant::Whew! We didn't deserve the win, but I'm obviously glad we got it.  I feel for New Orleans, they deserved this game ... But then again, this year, there were a few WE deserved that we didn't get ... so I guess it all comes out in the wash.
Alphonso Darnelle Polk::Lets hope Houston doesn't play down to level of opponent again and what in the world is wrong with Asik?.......................is he ever going to play again?
David Morant::It's even worse ... We're playing WAY below the opponent tonight ...   What is wrong with Asik is that he's a pouting pu$$y ... dude needs to go ASAP.
Alphonso Darnelle Polk::David Morant I agree I guarantee if he traded and starting somewhere else he would be playing now
David Morant::No doubt ... no doubt at all.  A thigh bruise and a sore knee and the dude is out for 2 months?   Either the biggest pu$$y in the world for missing that much time with such miniscule injuries ... or ... the biggest pu$$y in the world for pouting and hurting his team for 2 months ...   Either way he needs to go. We need TEAM players here ... Not jakers.
Jeremy Gingrich::Good! I was hoping Harden would show why he is Mr. 4th Quarter in this game. My man came through again and put the offense on his back in crunch time
Ethan Hunt::jones had a good last night, but no way he's the best player on the team right now, stop the exaggerating fool.
Chris Kessler::Anthony Davis, Terrence Jones and Darius Miller were all teammates at UK when they won a national title
Leland Wong::Monster game from T Jones, the man is great, best player on the Rox right now and getting better.
John Ramich::The Rockets look bad early but a depict this manageable shouldn't be at the front of their mind. Lots of time left.
David Morant::Garcia has gone from a pretty decent point scorer off the bench to a total non-entity the last month and a half ...
