Andrizzlez510::Spurs always fly under the radar, it's like they're so good nobody cares anymore.
Keith Niklas Johnson::Southwest division looking like it's the best division in the nba right now. Go Spurs Go!
Mike Wagener::SPURS are rolling along...GO SPURS!
Joel Smith::Go Spurs Go!!!!!!! Good start as usual
Jeremy Lugo::GOO!!!!! SPURS!!!!! SPURS!!!!!
Adriano Wind::Brandon Bass -21 +/-.  Brad the tanker continues to throw him out there.  Brandon no disrespect brother, but you just aren't capable of playing PF in this league with success.  Maybe you can succeed as a defensive specialist in limited mins somewhere else against bigger SF's.
Sean Cooper::Doc threw him out there for the same reason Stevens is throwing out there. Ineffective off the bench more effective as starter. Plus we hear he's kind of a baby when it comes to his playing time.  SOUNDS GOOD TO THIS C's FAN LOOOL. #TeamTank
Adriano Wind::Sean, he's terible as a starter too lol. Sully had more rebs last night in his first start, then Bass did in all 12 starts combined lol. He's the 3rd best PF on the team behind Sully, Hump, if Favs and Oly are at center.  Said this before preseason ever started. Look at his career stats, he can't defend the post or rebound.
Adriano Wind::Tanking is shameful. I think Stevens is playing him purposely to lose. Rivers was just playing him because he's clueless lol. Based on Stevens resume in college, I can't think he's that clueless about relying on an undersized PF who can't rebound and is one of the worse rebounders in the league among PF's.
Ed DeSalle::OH NO! Celtics LOSE again! Must have been that FLUKE win over the Heat a month ago. Cant seem to Win again? Oh by the way! Heat are 5-0 since! ROFLMFAO!
Sam Selden::How old are you?  Do you really roll on the floor laughing at anything basketball-related?
Matthew Stone::Sam Selden He's a Heat fan, He wouldn't know pick and roll from picking his nose. Go finger paint heat fan adults talking here.
Rick Desper::Why do you think this makes the Heat look better?  They're supposed to be the champs.  They shouldn't be losing to the Celtics this season.
Chelo Mejias::proud of the celtics, they made it more competitive tonight, all i ask for is effort
Sean Cooper::...AHEM ANDDDD to Tank all at once #WIGGINS
CoogiDown WilliamsAka Champ::I can't wait to see the Spurs go at it with Indiana....that's going to be good.
Rick Desper::So is the entire Atlantic Division trying to win the lottery?
Liam Sibson::Holy god this team is garbage.
Tony Hartmann::Celtanks
David Sobel::Mills looks like the energizer bunny this year
David Sobel::It was good to knock the rust off after 4 days off!  What 2 year old is making up these NBA schedules anyway ( 4 games in 5 days and now 3 games in 4 days )!  They must be throwing darts at a calender to set the schedule.  It can't be that hard you know exactly how many days you have of regular season to work with and 50% are home dates and you play your division more.  It is not brain surgery!  You would think the league office would want the best product on the floor every night and back to back games is no way to do that it only puts the players at risk for injury.
Kelley Crooks::"Parker made two dazzling layups, first presenting the ball with his right hand to draw a defender out of the lane and spinning back for a layup between defenders and then spinning away from a defender in the lane for a layup on the right side of the basket."  Easy to be dazzling when even the description herein screams 4 steps.  Parker walked more than Forrest Gump after the braces came off.  Run Parker Run.
Nash Middleton::Keep whining buddy.  The writer is talking about 2 different baskets in the same sentence.  2 baskets =  2 steps apiece.  4 total.  Get it now?
Kelley Crooks::Nash Middleton Buddy...I was at the game and no he isn't talking two plays, it was one play where Parker made two spin moves looking like he was pivoting on one foot, but in fact changed feet...Get it now?? And I am a Celtics fan but also a Spurs fan.  It was a good game until some non-calls on one side vs more calls against Sullinger and Crawford started to affect the aggressiveness of the Celts and the Spurs rightly took advantage.  The refs then padded the equality of calls after the game was no longer in question to reduce the disparity.
Mad SammyBoy::My Spurs look GREAT, but Duncan needs to scale back that field-goal percentage just a bit. He's going to make the other guys jealous.  Jesus.
Dustin David::Sully is a boss! Get rondo back, some bench support and this team is one all star away from contending. Hate if you want but I'll be the one right.
Mike Burke::the only thing remotely surprising is that it wasn't a complete and total beatdown.
Christopher Couser Dc::Way to go Spurs!..Glad to see Bonner back in the rotation.
Shanny Salcedo::If we win this game, then I will forgive the C's for losing 4 straight
Ariana Gamboa Mimbela::Looking for Tim to be fresh as a lettuce and get back on track! GSG!
Leroy Ramirez::Spurs on a mission "redemption" n I thing personal Cs ....
Jonathan Schofield::Avery Bradley is the best player of the game.
Jared Johnson::The Spurs are the best team of the game.
Nate Chess::diaw worth a fantasy pickup yall think?
Reyhan Eusufzai::I do. He's been good for me so far because of his new "shoot first" mentality.  Also he's been shooting pretty well, so he can help you out some and shooting pct.
Emil E. Matula III::Wow, slow night tonight on the boards.
Tom Burzynski::If the nets tank too we will get 2 top 5 picks lol
Robert Roncaglia::I believe the Atlanta hawks has the Nets pick this year
Tom Burzynski::wrong its whoever does worst we get the pick, so either atlanta or the nets
