LocalDallasBuke::Big Fourth Quarter... took the over and the spread.
rgcctx::Trade Dirk now and build for the future. Very tough call, but he has great value for a contender right now.
Clowncollegereject::I seriously think espn.com needs a "Heat Index 2" page.  There is just TOO MUCH Heat coverage for a single section!  Also, the NBA should require all teams to wear a small Heat logo patch on their jerseys, in a show of respect.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::What Mavs won a game. Now Mavs fans will be claiming they are going to win the title. More like win a lottery pick.  Mavs fans are getting what they deserve. A joke of a team.
ASUB-ballfan::Phoenix suns please take archie goodwin he will be a better player than maclemore.
thegooddoc456::Props to my boy Vince Carter...good things happen when he's on the floor.
funyuns72::Ive been following a betting system called sportsbettingstar the past few months. Im making around 2-3k a month profits using this systems picks. You can find the system on the first page of google by searching for sports betting systems
mavs_fan_2012::It's apparent that O.J. Mayo and Dirk can't play together.  When Dirk is out...Mayo averages 20 points a game...when Dirk is playing...Mayo averages 11 points a game.
47riley47::All about touches
jerrjh3::To say they cannot play together based on Mayo's lower points production is a very weak argument.  All or almost everyone else's production in points will go down with Dirk back.  Dirk gets more plays run for him, more looks, more shots, and the rest of the team gets less as a result.  Now if the synergies on the court between the two are not there, that could be a problem.  But that would come from observing the two when they play together, as the points comparison is a ridiculous, empty argument.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Says you. Are you some kind of basketball know it all God. Lmao kids.
LetsGoMavs 2.0::Dirk and Terry used to have that same problem when Terry joined the Mavs in 2004 to replace Steve Nash. They got better as years went. Hopefully that same thing happens between Mayo and Dirk
thegooddoc456::Maybe they should move Mayo to the bench like they did Terry.
Cardsbeliever::Beasley...from game to game it is uncanny how different he can play. 16% percent shooting tonight. 60% last game... I don't get how this is possible.
MavUlous42::okc here we come payback time
Cardinals-Sun Devils-Diamondbacks-Suns::We were in this game for most of it. Too bad we couldn't close it out :(
Mr. Bradford::Suns were in it before they took a nose dive in the 4th.
Him Down Stairs::Mike James 1-9 ROFL
mwurden::Delonte is not even in Carlisle's doghouse...he was evicted from that.
MavUlous42::delonre is a better player than mike james
LetsGoMavs 2.0::I have no idea why that scrub was signed more than 10 days. He even cost us 2 games. Should have signed Delonte instead
Cardinals-Sun Devils-Diamondbacks-Suns::As many of you know,I have posted the message"Spurs fans suck." many times. So why do I hate the Spurs? Because my Phoenix Suns got SCREWED in 2007. That Amare suspension was totally unfair and unwarranted and it cost the Suns the key game of that series,game 5. It was totally unfair and unwarranted and it may well have cost the Suns the 2007 NBA Championship. It definitely cost us the 2007 Western Conference Championship at the very least. After the tragedy of 2007,being a Suns fan gives me no choice but to hate the Spurs.
mikebrad_00::Suns fans can move on.  It doesn't mean they have to stop hating the Spurs.
thegooddoc456::Move on, life is short.
laurasman::The mavs got lucky...but no playoffs for them...sweet!
flankton::mavs will make playoffs, you will see
laurasman::".. cause my mommee said so, so there"
LetsGoMavs 2.0::who do you root for loser? You said Mavs would lose before the game. Talk to me when your team has made the playoff 12 years in a row since 2000
HurricaneHamlin::LOL Nuggets.
laurasman::Playoff streak is over  GO NUGGETS
mikecookie89::It is a pain to watch Mike James take a shot with 2 sec left on the shot clock. Miss everytime.
MavUlous42::good job mavs   played good game
LetsGoMavs 2.0::but we beat a bad team
I3UTTON::especially without Dirk and Kaman
flankton::when collison plays well our team is exponentially better.  marion and brand on the boards.  other guys shooting like they are pros!  4th quarter looked good Mavs.
FORKWDEVIL::Why does Kobe always eat his jersey?
Choklahoma City::Wrong board.
FORKWDEVIL::I will cut and paste it.
paxnom::why is mike james on court?  Beaubois on bench?
Orange6O2::Good loss, Suns
FORKWDEVIL::los suns
Whutitdew3::OJ mayo should be comeback player of the year
Blitherpolecat::RUSSIAN POINT GUARD FOR THE WOLVES IS NICE
Whutitdew3::Good game by everyone with the mavs and good game sun fans!
ermag2000::After the Laker win, what happened to the suns tonight?
FORKWDEVIL::We have hot cheerleaders.
Whutitdew3::i hope the timberwolves beat the lakers
flankton::Thats how you play collison! Thats how you play!  Now duplicate
AdamFinesse::Suns are the only team we can hold under 100
COWHAWKFAN::Crowder, Wright, and Kamea were all brilliant off the bench.
COWHAWKFAN::James
wreckem tech101::Well GG Suns and we got one more against y'all....I only wish we could've played the Knicks 4 times this year, but thast another story.  Good Luck to y'all Suns for Tanking the season (i guess) and catch y'a'll at the next one.  <b><u><i>MFFL!!!</i></u></b>
_Pyro27::Knicks fans are cocky mofos
_Pyro27::A rested Dirk for Monday's game with OKC, so hopefully he won't shoot 5-19 this time around. If the Mavs wanna have a shot at making the playoffs this year though, they've got to beat OKC on Monday.
mwurden::I wouldn't count on it.  If he can get 20 away, why think it won't happen at home?
gunsup14::Hopefully Durant won't get 20 free throws again
pentanorix::4 1/2 games behind should be at least 3 1/2 atm... refs screwed us at the rose garden
worleyjamers2011::Imagine if we had won some OT games this year. 8 losses, yikes.
CSM. HB J-dogg::O.J Mayo comback Player of the year Fact
Sto_Ln::sorry i didn't see much of it but good game Suns.
worleyjamers2011::Mavs win! The tanker ain't for us. Next up, OKC!
human beings were not meant to use computers like this::AWW MAN THEY WERE SUPPOSED TO CHOKE
Blitherpolecat::arizonasting, how good of a pick do you see the suns getting? They probably wont get a top 8 pick.
arizonasting13::As of now we are on pace for the 5th worst record, and if we get a little lucky in the lottery then maybe higher.
FORKWDEVIL::Do you like Zeller? What number will he go?
arizonasting13::I think we end up with the 5th pick
arizonasting13::yeah we get their picks this year and in 2015
FORKWDEVIL::I was thinking Lakers. Don't we get 2 of their picks?
Blitherpolecat::have to get real lucky man, I think they will win too many games... the easy has some awful teams...
FORKWDEVIL::13
Sto_Ln::well awesome.  Dallas beat both teams from Arizona tonight.
arizonasting13::GG mavs. See ya next time
wreckem tech101::Yes sir Mavs win!!!
BleedRedandBlack93::We should have given AI a try instead of mike james
Sarge blocks your shot::We don't need a ball hog that doesn't care about practice.
I3UTTON::you want to deal with all of Iverson's BS for just 5-10 points a game??
BleedRedandBlack93::at least he will give us like 5-10 pts a game.
dutchjugs perth::why would you call TO when your down 10 with 30sec.. Stop wasting everybodys time  you lost the game already dumb $@%!!!!
FanofTexas28::If we lose to OKC on Monday, I'm going to kill a giraffe.
Sto_Ln::that's extremely detailed... do you work at the zoo?
worleyjamers2011::It'd be great if we got the win.
pentanorix::we can pull off a win in okc if the refs don't screw us
Sto_Ln::you know KD is Sir Flops-a-Lot
wreckem tech101::hahaha sir flops alot...i like that one
_Pyro27::Lol right. No one should ever shoot 21 free throws in a game...
jpks11x::How did this happen?
FORKWDEVIL::GG Mavs! We appreciate the as  s whoopin.
_Pyro27::Gonna be only 4 &amp; 1/2 games back after tonight. I really hope we can some how pull off a win in OKC.
worleyjamers2011::Dal vs OKC are always good games. 2 OT games this season already. We need Dirk though.
_Pyro27::I'm pretty sure that's why he sat out tonight so that way he is fresh for the OKC game.
wreckem tech101::excatly
brun0293::I see Beasley had one good game in a row.
brun0293::more like scud
FORKWDEVIL::Beasley is the stealth.
brun0293::Yeah, I am a Twolves fan....watched this for 2 years.  Plays well enough to keep you interested
arizonasting13::He'll have 2 good games out of every 10. It's how he works.
arizonasting13::Game over, thanks Dallas.
wreckem tech101::Darrin Collison is getting a hang of this starter PG postion.....he's been getting better and better.
_Pyro27::Yep. It's amazing how good he is now compared to how bad he was earlier this season.
eliminat0r85::way to go suns you can't beat a mavericks team on a B2B. Looks like the squares who took dallas got the win tonight. GSW all the way tomorrow night.
