LUCICSMASH::Can't win when one of your best players goes 3-17, yikes
mr mellow::Changing of the guard has taken place, I hope Doc has the patience for what's in store for him.  They will make the playoffs, but they are no elite team ever heard of "father time".
Jdzspace::of course the Celtics are an elite team. don't be stupid. there are 12 players in our rotation, only 3 of them really have to worry about "father time" as you put it.   and one of them is Ray Allen who is had a career year last year, and is off to a better start this year.   try not listening to what ESPN tells you, and think for yourself.   then you won't come across as such a moron
Jagger0012::Celts look loke s.h.i.t....Danny will start to unload players sooner than later and rebuilding process to begin
manewto1::Rondo= Avatar
manewto1::If anyone thinks the celts can make it past chicago or miami they have been smoking the wrong stuff.
J-Tjuan::They can easily make it past Miami as long as they play zone defense the ENTIRE game.
kent432::Boston needs to build another end of the super star bench team..but this time with a-little bit younger guys
FREDMUGS::Haven't watched a game yet but it's good to know that 40% shooting still beats 39% shooting.  NBA is back b!tches.
mavericksfan071::they will get it together... bunch of vets on this team that cant be bad for long. Pacers have a good team this year to they really could become the 3rd team in the east behing the bulls and heat.
justsayyeah7::Tough stretch of games coming up.  Celtics better find their offense fast or it could get ugly.
I love Mchale::Seen enough.   Time to blow it up and rebuild.   Rondo, Pierce (pure loyalty), Bass, Bradley, and the Steisman (sic) should be kept.  Firesale on everyone else
Road dog Red::PP couldn't hit the side of a Colosseum last night
Road dog Red::Celtics SUCK.... Gee whiz did they stink it up last night... only Ray Allen showed up
raven.5200::Have the Celtics beat a good team yet?
Road dog Red::NO
wlvol2::Team AARP from Boston looked slooooow and lagged behind often.  When the big 3 are gone (if not already) Celts have NO ONE to build around and will go back the old bad team post Bird era
Road dog Red::and ....???
JeremyAce4::Here comes the bullying.
barneybotwin::lol @ Jdzspace
barneybotwin::Just read the posts prior to the game and man did the Celtics fans talk a lot of crap. Even worse were the Bull and Heat fans that showed up, what a bunch of d'bags.
gize52363::Looks like West picked the right team.
Celtics1634::I like it more when we win
doc_acc::PP face and garnett look done.  Allen looks awesome though.  Trade him at the deadline and get something good back.
Road dog Red::hmmmm..no
greenbean47::not exactly sure why the title mentions granger, since he played terrible last night.   i could have made 3 fg's last night too.
barneybotwin::Yeah right. More like 3 blocked shots. That's assuming you didn't turn it over first.
nba is the worst::A 25-pt 1st half?  Seriously - it's over
Road dog Red::more points in high school game
gwaller8::The C's could have won this if KG had whacked a few Pacer players in their ball bags.  He sure does like doing that.  He likes balls, I guess.
wlvol2::You must be referring to Sandusky, not KG
Broncos should bench he who must not be named.::Celtifs are a jokoe.... if yoiu ask me.. that championship window is slammed shut lmao bye bye old men get some wheelchairs now hahaha.
Road dog Red::you don't matter
MilitaryIndustrialComplex::what about for the fact that the bulls looked so great last year too, we all know how well that worked out
forktailed-devil::you are an idiot
ShiloInn1985::Whats a Celtif?
gwaller8::So easy, yet so darn funny.  Touche!
Broncos should bench he who must not be named.::sincerely a bulls fan hahaha
I LoveBush::Die in fire and 4 other pieces of shi t like it? You bunch of little internet freak pussi es. I hope Karma comes a callin for each of y'all. Fuc king hillbilly losers. Die in fire...what trash you must come from.
Jaywashing::^Mad.
Broncos should bench he who must not be named.::lol get a life b.asterd hahahaha Celtics dick rider
Jdzspace::you didn't have to identify yourself, we could tell you were brainless by your post. thanks for visiting  please die in a fire
sharar09::pacers ballin. top 5 team in the east for sure by the years end, maybe higher
phatfour20::top 5 you say.....well i guess maybe but it doesn't matter since the class of the east is heat-bulls and they are so far ahead you can't even see them with a telescope!
barneybotwin::So that's why the Pacers led the Bulls in the 4th quarter four out of the five playoff games. Bulls won in the end but the Pacers kept up. They've now added David West, George Hill and two new assistants that are huge upgrades.
CandySparker::Cheers Windy Pacers !
MilitaryIndustrialComplex::celtics fans so worried about the refs, come on, theres bad calls in every game, it doesn't change the fact you shot terribly and couldn't rebound anything. one loss by a team shouldn't get you so worked up, my pacers got smashed by the heat and i moved on and so did the players, theres so many games in a season, even this short one theres still plenty, next game may be different. I'm starting to think you're just worked up bc you're not used to being 4-4, $@%! happens, my teams been terrible for years but at the end of the day you're just a fan, so calm down and just be one
Lake_Show_Yo_Mama_Know::Lakers own  this room and every other. LAKE SHOW RUNNIN SHIIT JUSS LIKE OBAMA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
phatfour20::you sir are an idiot. Lakers ain't going anywhere, neither are the celtics for that matter. you don't even own your own city anymore....maybe thats why you have to a boston page and act tough......LOL can't wait till "lob city" owns your $@%!$ the next few years laker fans deserve it!
TheBigHandsome40::Clippers are the best team in LA....Lakers are a distant 2nd. #FACT
Bkingc10::Flop City wont sniff the 2nd round of the playoffs
Lake_Show_Yo_Mama_Know::ur mom likes to take golden showers???? whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat?????
Lake_Show_Yo_Mama_Know::selldicks fans went into hiding tonight huh??? lmao !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Lake_Show_Yo_Mama_Know::Thebigugly40 lost his virginity to sandusky. lmao ewwwwwwwwwwwwww!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Lake_Show_Yo_Mama_Know::Kobe = The Greatest of all Time . MJ= A distant second #FACT
Lake_Show_Yo_Mama_Know::why are u following me this espn.com not twitter fruit basket
TheBigHandsome40::o rly?
Lake_Show_Yo_Mama_Know::bigugly40 an TexasLonghorns247 are brothers and lovers . ewwwwwwwwwww!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Lake_Show_Yo_Mama_Know::Kobe gettin ready for another parade in downtown LA. old three getting ready for retirement party in boston convalescent home
TexasLonghorns247::Kobe sucks.
TheBigHandsome40::LOL...Lakers are about the 5th best team in the West this year.  Kobe needs to join the Boston retirement home.  The Celtics and Lakers are like the 5 guys who lost their bball talent in Space Jam this year.
Lake_Show_Yo_Mama_Know::ur mom likes black dick's in all three of her holes???? nice to know
Lake_Show_Yo_Mama_Know::jdz thinks sell $@%!$ can win a title with this roster???? u must be a drunk coked up irish f a g g o t
Lake_Show_Yo_Mama_Know::selldicks
TexasLonghorns247::kobe sucks.
Lake_Show_Yo_Mama_Know::jdz is coked up #FACT
Lake_Show_Yo_Mama_Know::TexasLonghorns247 ur mom does midget porn???? whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat????
Lake_Show_Yo_Mama_Know::ur mom is now ur father after having her/his transformation completed??? whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat????
TexasLonghorns247::Sure whatever you say.
TexasLonghorns247::What is wrong with you?
Lake_Show_Yo_Mama_Know::texas longhorns suck more than the rangers record in the last two world series'
TexasLonghorns247::They're both good teams.
Lake_Show_Yo_Mama_Know::selldicks lost to the GAYcers??? hahaahahhahahaha u both suck more then brazzers employees
TheBigHandsome40::Kings.  nuff said.
TheBigHandsome40::Yeah this troll is a Laker fan.
TexasLonghorns247::Oh I don't care I hate the Lakers.
TheBigHandsome40::Lakers lost to the Kings.
TexasLonghorns247::?
TexasLonghorns247::were you dropped?
Lake_Show_Yo_Mama_Know::gay gee. gayjon rondo gay allen balls pierced suck!!!!!!!!! lmao
Lake_Show_Yo_Mama_Know::u got sanduskied???? whaaaaaaaaaaaaaat??????
TexasLonghorns247::You sure like the word "gay" and "balls." That's saying something about you.
Jdzspace::he's gay, he's coming out of the closet and is begging for your approval.
TheBigHandsome40::Ray Allen and Rondo are the only good players on this team now.  Everyone else needs to move to the Senior NBA.
Lake_Show_Yo_Mama_Know::whats worst rondo's jumper or paul pierce's side burns???
Lake_Show_Yo_Mama_Know::selldicks need help scouting the top 10 draft prospects coming out this year hahaahahahahhaha
TheBigHandsome40::They have 4 guys older than 35 starting, and their fans think they are going to improve!!!!  It's only downhill from here buddy!!!
Jdzspace::no, i actually knew all of their ages (except for JO)  and there is a huge difference between 33 and 35.   like 700+ days.
TheBigHandsome40::Might as well be 35.  Can't compete for a title with all that age.  Thank god for google, too, right?
Jdzspace::Pierce is 34 and KG is 33. .. .. care to try again?  oh and JO is 33  for the record.   moron
Tysonchicken108::Man, Pierce killed the C's in this one. 3-17 shooting? 5 TOs? This was one he would like to forget
TexasLonghorns247::Yeah he wasn't on today, but everyone hits those games where they cant find their shot.
TheBigHandsome40::Paula needs his wheelchair.
Lake_Show_Yo_Mama_Know::selldicks = joke hahahahahahahahahahah coc rivers u suck more than rondo's perimeter offense
TexasLonghorns247::Funny Rondo can shoot the ball...
TheBigHandsome40::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysT8RA6JQks  Some of the funniest ish on the interwebz
Lake_Show_Yo_Mama_Know::jdz where u at????????????????? lmao ur the dumbest fan ever . selldicks suck more than ur mom sn sister combined
_mongo_slade_::Here's the bottom line for the Celtics.... Their struggles in back to back games the last few years is well-documented. The schedule this season is loaded with them &amp; has very little time for rest or practice. To think this core (another year older) is going to improve over this season is just plain silly. And the playoff schedule is also condensed. Looking more &amp; more like a mid-level seed &amp; another second round exit.
_mongo_slade_::Why are you glossing over the fact that this team stinks in back to backs? There's a reason for that. And it ain't because they never get enough "reps".
Jdzspace::and your failed assertion that the "core" won't improve. . . . . even though we have a new starter (JO) who is still getting used to playing with the big 4.   and we have Rondo who is young and improving every day.   and of course Ray has improved over time as well  and Pierce is just getting used to playing again.   so KG won't improve as time goes by. . . but that is the only argument you have. KG is not the entire "core", nor is he the entire TEAM.
Jdzspace::your not gaining any ground. where did i say the Celtics needed "saving" by the second unit. where did i say we would win every back to back?   i never claimed that at all.   i said that with reps the TEAM will improve because we have a lot of new players.   and that is a fact, and nothing you have said has even addressed that core argument.
Jdzspace::actually no it's not. my assertion is that the 2nd unit improving will give the Celtics a better shot than in the past.   and past performance means nothing because we added 5 new players to the bench. so we don't know what they are fully capable of.   but once it is full and in use, one guarantee we can make is that it will be better than it is now since none of the guys who get a lot of minutes in the 2nd unit have played together or in this system before.   get it yet?
_mongo_slade_::You assuming the 2nd unit is going to save them on back to backs is a worse assumption than me saying they will  continue to struggle in those situations. At least mine is based on stats &amp; past performance. Your's is based on pure speculation.  Sleep on that &amp; get back to me another time.
Jdzspace::and like i said, it is impossible for the Celtics to not improve during back to backs once the second unit has more time together.   you have said nothing to even touch that. you focus on the starters whose production in back to backs is directly related to the performance of the 2nd unit.   and you know it. . . but you keep ignoring it
Jdzspace::none of what you said is true. the team more heavily relies on Rondo to do more than ever before for them to win.   Rondo is not old at all, and he will improve as he gets to know his new lineup and his new teammates.   and Ray Allen has improved with reps, and JO has already shown improvement with reps in the starting lineup.   past performance has nothing to do with this year, because this year Rondo has most of the responsibility. in years past that was not the case.   so tell me again how we wont' improve as a TEAM.
_mongo_slade_::How am I changing my argument? If you scroll up, my original statement was about the back to back games...
_mongo_slade_::Your core is the same as the last 3 years. So past performance is extremely relevant in this case. It's not like any of these new guys will make THAT much of a difference either way. This team as constructed will always rely heavily on the older guys to win games. Past performance tells us that it will be more difficult with the schedule they're being forced to play this season. Old guys don't  get better with more reps.
Jdzspace::your changing your argument. because you know it's impossible for the team to get worse as time goes on, regardless of the schedule.   mostly because i didn't say we would sweep back to backs, i didn't say we would go on a 15 game winning streak.   I said we will get better than we have shown thus far . . . . .and quite frankly..  .we haven't set the bar very high.   so to suggest we'll get worse, is borderline comical
Jdzspace::EVERYONE is sloppy because of the layover. it's an established fact. have you seen the FG% and the ugly ball played all over? it's not an excuse, it's a fact first of all  second of all, the issue isn't what the Celtics did the last 3 years.   you said that the Celtics will not improve from where they are NOW later in the season.   not the last 3 years. . . NOW.   and that is wrong, and ignorant. because once this second unit has more time together they will be able to shoulder more of a load than last years immature and inconsistent bench.   so automatically it's an improvement
_mongo_slade_::They've done poorly in back to backs going on 3 years now. It's got nothing to do with "reps" or "gelling". It's got everything to do with tired legs from some of your main guys. That ain't gonna suddenly change this year when the schedule is even more grueling. You're already using a "layover" as an excuse for chrissakes...
Jdzspace::I didn't say they would be world beaters, or even the top of the conference.   but to suggest that the team will get worse as the team gels and gets comfortable with the playbook is just ignorant and your better than that Mongo
Jdzspace::absolutely. no doubt about that. but do you think they will do better in back to backs once the second unit has time to gel and build chemistry and get used to the plays?   or worse?   like i said, you have no argument
_mongo_slade_::KG, PP, &amp; JO don't need reps. They need rest. That's 3 outta your starting 5. Ain't happening this season.
Jdzspace::JO hasn't been there for years, Bass hasn't been there for years, Stiemsma hasn't been there for years, Wilcox hasn't been there for years, Dooling hasn't been there for years, Avery hasn't been there for years, Pietrus hasn't even been on the court yet.   so that is 6 players that have all played a good amount of minutes thusfar.   but they won't get better with more reps?   really?
TheBigHandsome40::These guys need to learn the system?  All of them have been there for numerous years except for JO, Bass, and a few other bench players.  Maybe the bench players do, but the starting 5 is just going to wear down more quickly.  Another fact of life is that your beloved Celtics will never be the same team again.  This is their last shot to win the East, and quite frankly, it's a weak attempt.
Jdzspace::ALL players need reps. when your learning anything in life, you need reps. that isnt' an opinion, that is just a fact of life
TheBigHandsome40::Who says they need reps?  YOU DO.  Therefore that is an opinion.
Jdzspace::give one example. . nothing i said was an opinion
TheBigHandsome40::Almost everything you are saying is an opinion lol.
Jdzspace::still waiting for you to give me an example of something that i said that wasn't true.
TheBigHandsome40::This ain't the same Celtics team.  The rest of the NBA has seen that.  I guess it's just gonna take some time to sink in for you too.
Jdzspace::which part am i wrong about BigHand?  please give me something i have said that isn't true?
Jdzspace::you have no real argument bro.   i'm sorry, but you just don't. every team gets better as they get more comfortable with each other, and the Celtics are no different. they are just starting to get used to having JO in the lineup consistently.   the Celtics are no different from any other team in that respect.   they all need reps
TheBigHandsome40::Delusional?
Jdzspace::wrong again  JO needs reps with the starting unit, so he can have some chemistry with them. there is a reason you can see a marked improvement from start of the year to now with JO. . . . reps  Pierce needs reps to get into game shape since he didn't get a training camp or a preseason and missed 4 games.   again. . . KG i'll give you.   but your wrong on Pierce and JO
TheBigHandsome40::Celtics are too OLD.  They have gotten worked by semi-young teams this year.
Jdzspace::again. . . the "core" includes Rondo who will get better. and JO who has ALREADY gotten better with reps.   so your argument is already disproven on that alone.   as for the fact that there are also 6 other players who will also improve as they get more reps in the system.   so like i said, it's ignorant to think the team won't get better.
Jdzspace::so your basic argument, is that KG, Pierce (who is coming back from injury and isn't 100% as of yet), and Ray (who seems to be improving to me from year to year) wont' improve.   again, that is ignorant. Ray has improved from year to year, despite his age.   Pierce will of course get better as he heals.   KG will be KG. . . i don't think he will improve much. gotta give you that one.   so basically out of the 12 guys who see playing time. . . . there is only 1 "core" member who won't do much improving.   and all the other players will as they get more comfortable with the playbook and schemes.
Lake_Show_Yo_Mama_Know::Kobe droppin 39 points . it'll take kg 3 games to do that lmao!!!!!!!!!!!
TheBigHandsome40::Is Paula Pierce gonna whip out the wheel chair anytime soon?
Herminator73::This Celtic team stinks.  I'm not sure why it would surprise anyone though.  They have no depth and are super old.  Kevin Garnett is about 1/2 the player he was and Paul Pierce is about 75% what he was.  Surprisingly Ray Allen who is the oldest is probably the closest to his prime in terms of current ability then those two.  They are going to be looking up at the Sixers in the Atlantic divsion standings all year.
leehwgoC::Shaq was not the starting center for most of the year, he was hurt for a huge portion of it, and out of shape for the rest of it!  Good god, dude.  Just quit.  Bottom line is that J. O'Neal had a ton of starts last year, this line-up is in no way inexperienced.  This isn't debatable.
JeremyAce4::Are you really counting on Jermaine O'Neil?
Jdzspace::actually, let me correct that statement. upon further research. . . JO started 10 times last year.   10 times, out of 82 does not equate a "ton"  and incase your wondering. . . it was 5 games to start the season, and 5 games to end the season.   but yeah. . . . that's exactly like this year. .. . right?   $@%!$@%
Jdzspace::JO registered more than 30min exactly 3 times last year.   so "a ton of starts" in your world means. . . . 3. . . out of 82  yeah, your not an idiot at all
Jdzspace::yeah, and JO wasn't in the lineup. now he is  which means, it's not the same as it is now. . .. . is it sinking in yet?
leehwgoC::Boldin is right, if anything the Celtics should be at their strongest at the beginning of the season, before the season's grind takes its toll on their old legs.  That they are already struggling to start this season is a grim sign.
Jdzspace::no it isn't, JO didn't even join the starting lineup until like a week or so left in the season.   so that is not true
Jdzspace::no, actually it doesn't. because the lay-over is affecting the continuity of the team, and everyone getting back to where they should be at the start of the season.   that takes reps, and that is what they are getting in.   players don't get worse as a season goes along, especially after a long lay over.
_mongo_slade_::Shaq wasn't hurt most of the year? This is the starting lineup you finished the season with. Just admit the team is in decline &amp; move on.... No shame in it.
Jdzspace::no it wasn't. Shaq was the starting center. and JO was hurt most of the year, care to try again?
Jdzspace::not really. last year we had Shaq as the starter for most of the year. and JO was in and out of the lineup.   we have a completely new bench, on top of 4 new guys we are working into the rotation on the fly.
leehwgoC::Their starting line-up tonight was precisely the same as it was last year.  Tell me again about ignorance.  As for the longer lay-over affecting them, sure that's true... but it just further makes the point that the Celtics are screwed this year.  Because they ARE NOT going to get *more* healthy.  That's a guarantee.  Have you looked at how packed this year's schedule is?
_mongo_slade_::What are you talking about? Your starting 5 is exactly the same as last season and they're running the same system.
Jdzspace::not really, none of the teams are off to great starts as a result of the long lay over. and the Celtics have added a lot of new players.   it's ignorance to think they would be at their best as a team when they have never played together before the start of the year, and still haven't played a full game together.
Jdzspace::are you intoxicated? or do you really think you have gleamed all of this from 8 games? out of 65 mind you.   you must be intoxicated
Jdzspace::and that is all i expect from him, a good 8 points and solid defense.   that's it
_mongo_slade_::His career average is 8pts. Wake up dude....
Jdzspace::I never said i thought he was going to be all-star world beater
Jdzspace::"special" no. . . all i'm hoping for is 10ppg and good perimeter defense.   not asking him to set the world on fire
nba is the worst::lol - that's jdz!
_mongo_slade_::For every one that comes back "firing", I can name you 4 who don't. Extremely optimistic to think he's going to be anything special when he was never all that much to begin with.
Jdzspace::no, but he is having a career year. .  .. well another one, he had a career year last year too.   but apparently despite that. . . the whole team (which has a lot of young players) will get worse with practice and repetition , not better.   well spoken!!! lol. get real
Jdzspace::wouldn't be the first time a player came back firing after a knee injury.
boldin515::Oh yeah I forgot he's immortal
Jdzspace::and for the record, Ray Allen defies your ''father time'' ignorance.   just sayin
_mongo_slade_::You think Pietrus is going to be BETTER coming off a major knee injury.?
Jdzspace::so father time is why Rondo won't get better? why Bass won't get more comfortable? why Pietrus will for some weird reason get worse? .. ..  .that makes perfect sense. lmao  get real
Jdzspace::good thing Basketball isn't an individual sport then
Jdzspace::by the way, you must not be too bright thinking that a team that has yet to have all players active, and has very little experience together will get worse over time.   that is like thinking lifting weights will make you weaker. of course your basic premise is pretty ignorant, so maybe you think that way normally
_mongo_slade_::It doesn't take 66 games to realize that players decline when they get into their 30's
boldin515::I'd like to cite Father Time as my source.
Jdzspace::facts to back up that thought?   or is that just based on your personal bias. . . . which for the record is meaningless and holds zero merit
Jdzspace::66. . . whatever. the point is that we are barely over 10% into the season
boldin515::they will be even worse in 65 games
kimb2fine317::65?
kimb2fine317::GO KNICKS!!
kimb2fine317::i visioned it
Herminator73::The Knicks are even worse or did you imagine there losses to the Raptors, Golden State Warriors, and Charlotte Bobcats.
