johndoe5699::Has Chris Caveman forgiven Reggie Evans yet for intentionally grabbing his nuts during a game from a few years back?
Manimal 35::Pathetic game
spenny18::suns = first round playoff loss... jazz= first round, um, what am i thinking? lottery pick.. rockets = first round playoff loss.. nuggets= george karls comfy retirement home..  who really cares at the end of the day who makes the playoffs?
colintrapp::i did not understand this post. suns and jazz are currently not even in the postseason runnings, but very, very close.  "who really cares at the end of the day who makes the playoffs?"  ..."fans everywhere" is the answer.
paul2285::You mean to tell me that the best play GK could draw up for a last second shot was a cross court in bounds pass?? I know the players play but this guy needs to go!
Reality_And_Truth::Ty Lawson is the real deal....an NBA All Star next season....
colintrapp::not even my blind fandom can see past last night's performance.  seems they're not hungry for the playoffs.   ....go nuggs :(
CandySparker::Come on, Kaman!
vandeman34::How can you play 25 min. in NBA game and all u get is 1 reb and 1 TO? Way to go Brewer!
lamriverside11::Kobe Bryant Lights up the Clippers for 31 Points IS HE BACKK?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLir2enNEnM
Reality_And_Truth::Kobe Bryant is a Rapist and should be in jail today in Eagle, Colorado......
jayeteee::FIRE George Karl, PLEASE!!!!!!!!!
vandeman34::gtfo
sp6210::Glad Eric Gordon is healthy again. Wish him the best!
Reality_And_Truth::Eric Gordon is terrible.....
lehmanator123::you sir are an idiot
black people will take over the world i promise you::PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCMENT: You need to realize the threat black people have on us, they are unstoppable if used correctly, they can shut down water supply, they can kill our children, its really bad people! look at the slavery times, the black people adapted to the whether! it was hot as hell but they survived! howd they do it? i believe it is because black people are a hybrid from gorillas, they have the features of gorillas and the strength of gorillas and they have the traits! the world will end due to black people, black people will kill us all because black people have a ridiculous amount of resources! these blacks need to be stopped!~ NOW
TY LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::lol a racist
cp3andcompany::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. I have made over 3k a month for 3 consecutive months just following this system. It's on the 1st page of Google when you search the words "sports betting system" Thought I would post this for anyone that's looking for a betting system that actually works.
tylerowns23::cancer got to his brain. McGee should play 40 mins a night.
tylerowns23::karl needs to die
vandeman34::wolves fans
JustineS04::Or just retire.
JustineS04::I mean, playing without a Center is stupid, but probably not worthy of the death penalty.
greenmagnum::hornets= playoff contender
broncsroxnuggs::Can somebody explain to me how its george karls fault Corey brewer shoots 0-7 and afflalo shoots 4-14?
JustineS04::It's George Karl's fault Corey Brewer got 25 minutes.
screwhead2305::if this Hornet team played together all year they would probably be in the playoff mix
blackgold123321::3-0 when Gordon plays
Reality_And_Truth::Gordon is terrible.....
lehmanator123::you sir are an idiot
Chuloflow::Suns win friday its to the sideline for Denver LOL
Nashmaster3000::SSSSSUUUUUUUUUNNNNNNNNSSSSSSSSS
THE AMAZING CHEF MINNY.::Hornets? BAHAHAHAHAHAHA
THE AMAZING CHEF MINNY.::<b> <u> WOLVES!!!!!!!!!!!!  WOLVES 2012 NBA CHAMPS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!</u></b>
Manimal 35::Wow just saw the final score, Brewer blows
ryanl1103::George Karl must be crazy if he's giving more minutes to kosta kufus rather than Javale Mcgee
JustineS04::I like McGee, but the didn't play well tonight and was bad the last game too.
broncsroxnuggs::have you watched javale mcgee play .Idiot. He always gets in foul trouble and looks lost.
JustineS04::Diehard, I'm going to the gym. Try not to drink yourself stupid in the mean time.
JustineS04::You left me for Toad!
JustineS04::You left me to play with Toad!
DenverDiehard35::i use Donkey kong anyways!
DenverDiehard35::how?
DenverDiehard35::ugh why r u leaving me?
buffbronx77::Andre Miller is a terrible basketball player!
GerardoE303::Lord give me a sign..... *DMX voice*
buffbronx77::Excuses, Excuses, excuses, always for the Nuggets.  It will never change. We are a small market team.
Reality_And_Truth::Andre Miller has to go...he is the most selfish point guard in NBA History.....
Googiz::Hornets are gonna beat a lot of teams down the stretch with Gordon back
GerardoE303::I just ask for three things in my life 1. Find a good women to get married with and have a family 2. Be a good father 3. Witness a nuggets championship... Is that too much to ask for?
MileHighFan9::Just the playoffs this season that's what we all got to hope for finals can come later but Nuggets need playoff experience now.
DenverDiehard35::yes. marriage is expensive!
buffbronx77::George Karl needs to go! He is an overrated coach. Now hopefully the Rox don't choke on me by June!  Atleast we have Peyton Manning to look forward to.
broncsroxnuggs::its george karls fault afflalo and brewer cant hit open jump shots.
DenverDiehard35::ugh i hate rainbow road!
JustineS04::Don't drink and drive!
TY LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::lol, you go way to fast on that road
AZ D-Backs all day::who loses to the hornets?? theyre 14-40!!
colorado ryan 15::denver loses twice!!
NBAnuggets420::14 teams has to them ?
TY LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::Melvin Hunt should be coach, JaVale should get a new contract and play more, and use a normal LINEUP
broncsroxnuggs::your a complete idiot
JustineS04::JaVale should stop getting in foul trouble in the first 3 minutes.
MileHighFan9::If this doesnt make you depressed i dont know what will. If the Nuggets continue on this path and miss the playoffs the last time they missed them Ricky Rubio was 12 $@%!$@% years old! :(
DenverDiehard35::Oy
JustineS04::Not again...
TY LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::I want Thomas Robinson.........
GerardoE303::I'm super depressed.... I just don't get it... I just don't... Maybe I will never witness a championship...
JustineS04::Guys, I found Gallo! He's in a bad Italian music video, but appears otherwise unharmed. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u6L8Q33E2xM&amp;feature=related
JustineS04::He really does make the party stop when he's out too.
GerardoE303::Atleast baseball season is coming up...
MileHighFan9::Yay another 60/70 season for the Rocks while getting spanked by the Giants
MileHighFan9::I hope, I like the new guys they got for sure.
GerardoE303::Rockies will surprise a lot of people
TY LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::Hey Justine, are you a living mannequin
JustineS04::Are you that guy from "My Strange Obsession" on TLC?
TY LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::maybe......................
X24theshowX::FIRE GEORGE KARL. This is pathetic, as a Nuggets fan it saddens me to see the Nuggets lose to the teams they are losing to. If the Nuggets miss the playoffs or get knocked out in the first round they need to get rid of Karl. I believe this is Karl's 7th full season and he has gotten past the first round only once. Kinda hope the Nuggets miss the playoffs because its pretty much guaranteed they will be knocked out in the first round. Please Nuggets FIRE GEORGE KARL. We all know what is going to happen if they bring him back next year, history can tell you that.
X24theshowX::He has 16-30 playoff record with nuggets.
X24theshowX::Nuggets lost to the Clippers in the playoffs when they were the 3rd seed. Have you guys seen Karl's playoff record, its pathetic.
blueline__123_x::Not so sure the nuggets have had the talent to get farther than the 1st round, regardless of who is coaching them
GerardoE303::Dam imma over dose on your love so I can't have it again.... My heart has been broken to many times..
GerardoE303::Me and the nuggets is like a bad realationship..
MileHighFan9::At first I was glad about the Suns winning but now im not that just means the suns will take the Nuggets playoff spot if they win at Pepsi Center....rough times for Colorado sports.
Slurm Soda::<b> I'm telling you, I'm a prophet. </b>
MileHighFan9::Damn you. you jinxed us :(
TY LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::then how does justine see things, she has no eyeballs!
JustineS04::Diehard fell off the wagon and it's MileHigh's fault.
TY LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::How do you see things???
JustineS04::I told you, spies. Diehard likes the blind ones better anyway.
MileHighFan9::He's good but i'm not
JustineS04::Diehard, please educate MileHighFan about the perils of drinking after a bad Nuggets' loss.
TY LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::Why didnt George play Stone??? If your gonna play 2 PG it should be Lawson and Stone
MileHighFan9::I blame this loss on Slurm he jinxed us again
JustineS04::I still put this on GK. No Center in the 4th again.
TY LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::he did
gary wheatley::not saying Millers foul was flagurant 2 but did you notice how Landry sure played the part.  he stayed down like he was in total pain and aggony but as soon as Miller was off to the locker room he sure bounced up quick and had alot of hop in step as if nothing had ever happened.  very quick healer i guess lol
JustineS04::Whatever, that got us back in the game.
