Justin::While this was a good team-win, Al Jefferson is over paid and worthless.  Trade him!  Bring in 2 power fowards who are athletic around the rim, provide 2 veterans (look over-seas) and bring them in then provide a format (triangle, 2/3) and watch out!  Hornets are ready to compete; the only problem is Michael Jordan.  In HIS "inner quest" to preserve HIS legacy, it's as if he is managing so as there will NEVER again be a "dominant" player as HE was.  It's like the NBA "TODAY" refuses to permit ONE person to totally be the "face" of the NBA as Jordan was back in the '90s.  Pathetic.
Ed B::Huge B-Mac fan and I know he's just a rook, but starting to wonder if he needs to be benched to he gets his shot. He does a little more than Fredette but man he not even close to the mendoza line
TimothyF::Watching the Kings is tough. They seem to disappoint on so many levels.
truetrue::Love how IT goes 8-23 and McLemore goes 2-10 in 30 MINUTES, but somehow all the outrage is with Jimmer who gets limited time and still finds a way to score, make an assist, steal the ball and rebound IN HIS VERY LIMITED TIME.  Haters are going to hate -- and that's the problem.  Let's give Jimmer ITs' minutes for two weeks and then let's talk.
gdp::Isaiah's been in 30 minutes has no steals Jimmer 8 minutes and has one. Why why why, no really why is IT  better defender? Seriously why? Is it simply because he's black? Are we THAT shallow these days? IT has zero D.
Deo Emmanuel::trade rudy gay please! he is a black hole
Loosie::players selected after Jimber Fredetter in the 2011 NBA draft:  * Klay Thompson * Alec Burks * Kawhi Leonard * Kenneth Faried * Jimmy Butler * Chandler Parsons * ISIAIH THOMAS...... HAHAHAHAHAHAH!!!!!
Ogbabyace::Jimmer played in last nights game. The outcome of this is.... That's right the Kings lost.
donald::Rudy Gay is gonna Rudy Gay.  Get used to it, Sacto
deon::Can some please tell me why Jimmer Fredette is the NBA for? I know he's just the token white boy. Every team needs at least one.
