cosborne777::It would be nice if ESPN could show just ONE Pacer game.
Copious_Fred::It's funny because there is more farmland in New York than Indiana. When people think New York they think NYC. Upstate new york is all about potatoes chicken and incest.
KevinBryant1987::Not true. Atleast you prove that Indiana has one of the most horrible education systems.
hcp04140::PACERS!!!!!!!!
dcare5457::monta ellis and brandon jennings talking about the lost after the game http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DF4QyjJNuXo&amp;feature=channel&amp;list=UL
geddymd75::Same old Bucks. I knew this was a guaranteed loss.
MilitaryIndustrialComplex::really how many times do i have to come to a basketball board and see $@%! about cows and farms, seriously I've lived in indiana half my life and i couldn't tell you the first thing about farming, esp not cows, i don't think I've even stood next to a cow.  yeah so quit thinking i wake up early to milk the cows, i wake up early only for three things in my life, swim practice, jet skiing or weed   get off your high horse new yorkers, I've lived there before i moved to baltimore then to indiana, we are all basically the same
kdogownsu::Knicks fans r just jealous there team sucks.
cbcash4678::lies....every Indian has cow in garage.
MilitaryIndustrialComplex::see i don't care when people just make light hearted jokes, every state has some stereotype to draw off of,  i just find it weird when people seriously think its all farmland and claim we need to get out more, the irony of that ignorance just kills me its so funny
BoilerPacers3::newsflash to ESPN, Indy's the 3 seed and the 5th best record in the league.  they're also 8-2 in their last 10, which makes them the "hottest team in the NBA" that you love to talk about so much, not Boston.
scottthomas1965::I started betting on sports last year and tried a few pros for picks and never had any real luck. I stumbled upon a sports betting system called sportsbettingstar.com a few months ago. It is a 2 game betting system but I have won more money using this system than any other system I have tried so far. I am making the income of a part time job now just following this system. Thought I would share this if anyone out there is trying to find a betting system that actually works
imakeumoneyforfree2::6 straight winning days!! just on fire and im doing it for free !!!! check this out......http://frankwhitesportsny.blogspot.com/  every play posted and verified i dont just say like scumbag handicappers claim on here ! i prove it ! p2p4u spread the word !
New_York_For_The_Win::On the other hand I don't know why some Pacers fans are being so pathetic and so ARROGANT Ok you beat the Knicks in that Conference Finals, but you did not win the title, so why so cocky and so ARROGANT Just chill out dudes  PEACE OUT!!!
ToneZone3::what have the knicks done? O ya nothing
Copious_Fred::If you've paid attention to this thread its all knicks fans talking trash. Its ok its new york. No class just trash.
fliptide....::wasnt that like ...20 years ago??  lol
Hurminators::Are you incapable of scrolling down to see all the Knicks trolls?
New_York_For_The_Win::I know. But this Pacers fans still talk about it,  and that's really sad
New_York_For_The_Win::Thanks a lot Pacers
cheesehead1287::Can't wait for Sportscenter's segment on this game. Oh? What? It's being replaced with a two hour segment on Jeremy Lin's shlong? Awww. :(
grangers.dental.plan::3 hour.
indianaboy91::So Knicks fans are still upset about being tormented by Reggie for all those years..good to know
baseballbasketballman::Reggie was the ultimate Knick killer not M.J.. Sorry Chicago I had to say that
Taco with a Q::"Thank god it was only a dream!  I thought Reggie killed Spike Lee"  -Knicks fan_
Taco with a Q::They still have nightmares of their "Hero" Spike Lee getting the choke sign!!!
indianaboy91::poor guys
juicemane77::The fact I see so many knicks fans on a pacers blog in which they are not even playing in the same game lets me know that they know the skill that we have and are hating on us but what i think is that they are scared of us. keep on talking noise because you know what the deal is GO PACERS
Taco with a Q::Ain't that the truth...If the Pacers were a bottom feeder in the division...they wouldnt even bother us....  Thats what happens when a young team gets good
DonOinSF::I know no one gives a s^*@ but REALY!  This $@%! is so fixed!  When are you going to wake up?
Taco with a Q::Your right...no one does give a $@%!
Copious_Fred::Lol NYC people. Upstate New York is 10x boring than Indiana. Who'd ever said "YAH LETS GO TO ALBANY!!!" As a proud Hoosier i wish all of New York to $@%!
To Derr::Way to go pacers
Malcyon1::If the Bucks can't make the playoffs then they might as well go for a lottery pick.  Whoops, they can't do that either...
oldirtyzoo::How come there's never Buck fans on these boards? oh well, peace out Pacer nation thanks for the laughs. GO New York Knicks!
Btownguy0405::I really hope we end up facing new york now just because of that $@%!$@%...
brockness22::City that never sleeps...see ya little girl
jcballer016::wow alot of hate on the state of indiana lol got to say if indiana was all that bad they wouldnt have hosted a superbowl, numerous final fours, big ten basketball and football championships, nfl combine, indy 500, and im sure there is more
newcaymanS::My wife is a New Yorker, from Jamacia Queens in fact... She LOVED Indianapolis when we lived there.  Yeah, it's not NYC, no place is, but its not all walmarts and corn fields.  Anyone saying that is either a child, ignorant, or just trying to stir up nonsense.  Every sports facility they have is 2nd to none and the Indianapolis Motor Speedway is the largest sports facility on the planet and a national landmark.  Cities are more than a bunch of office buildings you'll never set foot in.  Cities are about the people in them, and Indy had some of the nicest. NYC metro area 19 mil, Indy metro area 2 mil, by the numbers there are MORE idiots in NYC, plus more corn in the larger state of New York
brockness22::Don't forget New York is only good enough to host NIT
brockness22::At least you see it now.
oldirtyzoo::ok your right. indiana 100x's &gt; NYC lol
oldirtyzoo::Dont forget Hoosiers and Walmart
brockness22::Did dis dude just did dis? -John Starks
brockness22::Mentally Handicapped
brockness22::That is a quote from a New Yorker. Winning Time
oldirtyzoo::Comment fail. Nice try tho, Pacer fan.
torontoraps054::Peace out bobcat fans, i'm out
notoriousabg::Even if they do get 6th seed theres no way knicks match up with pacers. So Screw u $@%!$@
oldirtyzoo::pls dont make fun of the Pacers, they play ok
oldirtyzoo::Raps beating the Celts exposes the Celts are aged and slippin, while Knicks are only 3 games behind. Orlando is fallin off too. There u have it buddy.
Hurminators::Knicks won't be the 6th seed, bro
oldirtyzoo::just be happy with that fluke victory pacers got last time, you'll see b2b losses again facing Knicks 1st round.
Hurminators::Can't say the same for the Knicks
torontoraps054::Although i dislike the knicks, they have been playing really well down the stretch, even better than indy.  Would not be surprised knicks caused an upset in the first round.   Really like how the following players have been playing as of late:  Mello &amp; Chandler( rebounding machine much?)
torontoraps054::If they played this well from the beginning, i could see 3-4 seed at the most.
torontoraps054::I'll give Indy a lot of credit, but i think it would be a coin toss if it was Indy vs Knicks.   I agree that   Mello&gt; Granger
grangers.dental.plan::Knicks don't have the depth to compete with anyone in the playoffs.
oldirtyzoo::Knicks vs Pacers, Knicks could easily take it in a 6 games max 4-2 or 4-1
NY is my domain::At least you're fair.  I agree on both...can't sleep on Indy, they're solid.
Hurminators::Got To love New Yorkers always wearing the uniform Apple earbuds and getting hit by taxis. It's like some sort of cult of not paying attention
oldirtyzoo::lol thats the best they can do living in indiana and watchin Cable tv.
Hurminators::Bahhh means no!
NY is my domain::Lol this dude's material is horrible.
Btownguy0405::if all you have about indiana people is "country humour", then you dont have any better material than them.  Jesus man, you picked the least clever thing and have the audacity to talk down to them
Hurminators::No, you came here to troll. Get bent!
oldirtyzoo::i can't help it, came here to talk BBALL and post season matchups, but i just can't help it...Pacer fans are too easy to clown on because your country humour.
Hurminators::Is it any different that 30x farm jokes from olddirtyzoo? Go figures, he probably sneaks into the Queens Zoo and prettends he's from Indiana with the sheep
OptimusPrime7.0::How did the refs do today??? Did they give the pacers the advantage like they usually do?
grangers.dental.plan::Interesting enough, they gave Larry Johnson another 4-point play.
cheesehead1287::Cool pic, "bro."
Taco with a Q::Wow Knicks fans are the most delusional fans out there
oldirtyzoo::corn rows lol
torontoraps054::Is indiana that bad?  Wal marts everywhere?
torontoraps054::Wisconsin is worse. Last time i went, only farms and Mcdonalds
Btownguy0405::superbowl, brickyard 400, final four, and i think the fact that you dont live there makes it a lot more pleasant...
oldirtyzoo::They got A. Rogers and Green Bay and the Indiana has the Colts and ah....nevermind.
NY is my domain::Hoosiers is a solid movie.  I'll give 'em that.
oldirtyzoo::Yes its a 80's classic, too bad Indiana has evolved much since then besides Walmarts and Indy.
oldirtyzoo::You can go to Walmart  electronics Dept. and they play Hoosiers on all there tvs.
A.K.A 11::DAMN STRAIGHT!
oldirtyzoo::Pacer fans wished they had an Apple Store, maybe in 10 years. For now ,its Walmart.
Acegolfer9::We have an apple store, your comment does not make sense......
Btownguy0405::i know i was just there...
Hurminators::But hey, if you want to stand in line for a product produced by suiciding Chinese...go for it.
Hurminators::That's not politics. That's a fact.  Eat it, Apple sheep.
oldirtyzoo::hey thats a separate issue, you didnt have to take it that far. let's not talk politics here, just BBALL and Indiana jokes.
torontoraps054::lol
A.K.A 11::DAMN straight
Hurminators::Sorry, we don't need to be iPhans. Linux for life!
TYLILMAX::any pc gamers?
TYLILMAX::BF3 TAG maximuspop
torontoraps054::me
TYLILMAX::GTX 570 2500K 8GB RAM ball so hard
WatEvasCleva24::Pacers = most improved team...I give them props
A.K.A 11::DAMN straight
torontoraps054::Are the spurs actually legit this year? I would laugh if they didn't evenget out of the first round.   Would not be surprised to see the finals as :   OKC vs Bulls    Miami heat will have a mental breakdown just watch, mostly Lebron
grangers.dental.plan::You know, I'm not sold on the Thunder making the Finals this year. I truly believe Memphis could be them in a 7 game series, as the Grizz are deeper. Besides Harden, the Thunder have no one off the bench who can score, and if Arenas &amp; Speights keep it up, the Grizz will advance to the Finals after multiple 6/7 games series.
torontoraps054::Why do Knicks hate the nets so much?
oldirtyzoo::Indiana fans still like to bump Will Smith's Gettin Jiggy track and think they are cool
Hurminators::That's any different that a shut-in New Yorker?
jetsutter::because of Will Smith
A.K.A 11::Damn straight
A.K.A 11::Hey at least womens bball is over right??? Cmon it was dominated by men anyway!!! Who feels what i am saying???
oldirtyzoo::Knicks fans love the game. As the playoffs are about to start, Bucks vs Pacers is a game to watch which might be mysterious to Pacer fans. Stop being butthurt we are running your blog.
Hurminators::But hey, keep on confusing and illogically combining technologies with your "fiber opitic wifi" on your iPad
Hurminators::Knicks fans love to just hear themselves talk
Hurminators::Which you aren't talking to any of them...you're here on a message board. Total excellent use of time, sir.
oldirtyzoo::No we are not cattle ranchers like you, the city is a big place with a lot of people to talk to.
torontoraps054::I wish Mello, kobe, monte ellis were on the same team. Would be funny them coming down the court and having a bricking competition.
jrey216::how about a ballfight..
TYLILMAX::are you slow melo is leading the lg in scoring for the month of april 45%fg 40%3pt   32pts per game
Chuloflow::actually 51% FG
TYLILMAX::wiz cavs forums 293 comments
NY is my domain::I'd bet the under on that number.  293 is high.
tweederbsu::Fred Hoiberg &gt; Melo
Chuloflow::Melo &gt; Bucks team
torontoraps054::Difference between Milwaukee and indiana?   I've only been to Wisconsin and it was pretty much farms..........
manning2luck::Pacers v. Lakers for a finals rematch from 2000....that'd be awesome
TYLILMAX::going to the casino in yonkers to hit the slots
scam_alert::YONKERS RACEWAY MAN YONKERS AVE
tweederbsu::Vern Flemming &gt; Melo
oldirtyzoo::All these Pacer fans are slow because they are still on modem dial up speed
austuc33::dial up cool man
austuc33::lol funny
DubMoney941::are you really that jealous of the pacers
DubMoney941::yeah been there to many times, could never live there
Hurminators::He's jealous that we can actually sleep at night in silence
masterjoe712::Lol since nobody thinks the Pacers are any good you just troll the fans
Hurminators::Someone clearly has a hard on for Pacer fans
Hurminators::Fiber optic is a cable and isn't wifi.
oldirtyzoo::Have you heard of fiber optic high speed wi fi? google it to learn
torontoraps054::My dream finals matchup:  Heat vs Lakers  , Lebron vs Kobe  This was long overdue, all the trolls will be out that series.
jrey216::how about battle of the nostrils. okc on talent n parking space
jetsutter::Slight edge for the Thunder boys.
torontoraps054::lool
jetsutter::OKC vs TOR. "Battle of Faces". Bargnani vs Durant, Westbrook vs Calderon.
Hurminators::Dead Ewing &gt; Melo
TYLILMAX::hahaah
Brooklyn5th::now you just talking wreckless
Hurminators::No, that be a NY cabbie
tweederbsu::8 PTS in 9 SECONDS... WALK OFF!!!
oldirtyzoo::In Indiana, they get all their latest swag at Walmart.
masterjoe712::So...
tweederbsu::and my bait and tackle... great store...
TYLILMAX::ASSISTS PER GAME  18.4 30th OVERALL  PACERS CANT PASS
chargersblow260::who cares? They have 38 wins. You can say OKC can't pass either but theyre in first place in the west.
jrey216::good point.
masterjoe712::Knicks will take the 4 seed from the Celtics
austuc33::nyk going get the 6th seed
oldirtyzoo::In two weeks, i wish but thats kinda stretchin it.
NY is my domain::Yeah I'd say they go 1-1 in the games against Bos and Mia
NY is my domain::Lol this kid mad at New York.  It's hilarious
jetsutter::NYK will lose to MIA and they will win agaisnt BOS
Hurminators::The New Yorkers are getting jealous of your crack, watch out!
masterjoe712::If you beat Miami and Boston your next two games you guys are only 2 back
jrey216::if jimmer fredette could play d. if hasheem tabeete could shoot or if amare could still run n jump.
torontoraps054::Could happen
NY is my domain::Nah.  I wish
