dopeismarcus::vote harden for allstar
osustinks24::I mean, almost 2 points per shot. Ridiculous. 18 points on 5 shots against new orleans and 24 on 11 shots against the Pistons.
osustinks24::Dude, he's so $@%!$@% good. waaay ahead of everyone else in the league in points per shot.
1 in pink 1 in stink::Would you guys trade Durant for Lebron?
RADSportsFan::No
johnnytwojay::no
BOLT ME::HELL NO
dopeismarcus::no
Chargers_4_Sale::No
AndySportsB::No
Chargers_4_Sale::Keep talking about Westbrook ppl, many teams would like him playing for them. If you don't like the entire team then you're not Thunder the !@#$ Up!
mauricclarettisinnocent::HAHAHA NEW ORLEANS...WHAT A SHIIIIT CITY...BLACK FOLKS RUNNIN AROUND LIKE ITS AFRICA UP IN THERE
Chargers_4_Sale::Yawn zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Mlaponsky::Everyone keeps saying, and I'm going to keep saying it too. Russell Westbrook, you are a point guard now. Kevin Durant is arguably the most talented scorer in the NBA. There is NO excuse for you regularly put up more shots than Durant. You're supposed to be maturing, which would entail realizing your ROLE on a team, not pretending the NBA is high school all over again. You are not the #1 scorer on the team. Stop trying to be.
Dented_rim::Who did the Hornets get for Paul?  Those 10,000 fans who committed to buy season tickets to the Hornets, got taken. Nobody is going to buy that team if the NBA keeps running it like they do now.  No love for either of these teams - the Nuggets, T-wolves, and Jazz get 10 times the posts as the Thunder and Hornets.
pepe101245::Not a fan of the Thunder. but Kevin Durant is awesome! better than overrated Melo.. LOL
Dented_rim::When Durant has as many miles on him as Melo does, he'll be run down too. All the guys in Melo's age bracket are running on fumes - and this mickey mouse schedule this year is killing older players...look at how many games guys are taking off. This season is becoming a big joke just so the owners can bilk the fans out of as much money as they can - they could care less about the product on the floor.
Liberal Feminist::Agree.  Melo is very good but doesn't have the work ethic that Durant does.  Melo is run down because he's not even close to being in the same physical shape as Durant.  "Hard work beats talent when talent fails to work hard."
ShaqLee_1::Melo is in his prime lol
sportsfanbp1::Russell "I need to shoot at least one more time than Durant" Westbrook
sportsfanbp1::Russell Westbrook= Stephon Marbury
mh1404::durant is the most complete player in the league
sportsfanbp1::come on now, be objective about durant...  shut down defender?  no.  post game?  no.  on paper I would say wade is the most "complete" in terms of skill set.  can penetrate, score, pass, defend, etc. with a killer instinct.  he just isn't a good outside shooter.  LeBron is a worse shooter and lacks the clutch gene.  wade isn't the best player, but I would say the most "complete" in terms of skill set.
Matthew Borba::I hope you realize that just because the Thunder have only been here for 4 years doesn't mean we haven't followed basketball before. I'm not sure what you're going off of for Lebron being more clutch then Durant, is it his 4th qtrs in the playoffs? Or his passing up of shots down the stretch recently? I'm not saying Durant is more clutch, but he's definitely more willing to put the game on his shoulders down the stretch then Lebron is.
kody1529::This is so stupid. Durant is clutch. LeBron has proven he is not. You should take a look at the number of buzzer beaters for Durant. It's pretty sick. He had an amazing one against the Mavs already this season.
Dented_rim::As far as hitting big shots in the last two minutes of games - Lebron is light years ahead of Durant...he hit the clinching free throws tonight for them. Wade is good but he hasn't even played for over a week. Sit Westbrook for a week and see if the Thunder keep winning.  Thunder fans are such rookies when they make comments that are based in emotions and not logic. As a follower of hoops; I'd rather be known as someone who gets what's going on in games than be a cheerleader. Save some face OKC - learn the game.
osustinks24::I had forgotten that people will believe and then repeat everything they have ever heard an ESPN analyst say. Thank you for reminding me of this fact.
osustinks24::"clutch gene?" Do you really think that "clutch" is just some innate thing that LeBron just wasn't born with, and that it's a significant enough factor to make someone who is clearly the most complete player in the league, not the most complete player in the league?
sportsfanbp1::the majority of NBA analysts have already stated it...  not to mention Bosh admitted Wade is the better closer...
osustinks24::"lacks the clutch gene" lol, where do these people come from?
osustinks24::James Harden is the second most complete player in the league
osustinks24::Hyperbole, but he is really really good at scoring
kody1529::What do you mean "THESE guys"?
sportsfanbp1::where do THESE guys come from?
BOOMERSOONERSalltheway::THUNDER &gt; bulls
Liberal Feminist::I'm glad we got the win, BUT I don't think there's another player in the NBA that I love 1 minute and absolutely hate the next in Westbrook.  He drives me INSANE!!
Dented_rim::Liberal Fem; have you ever played point guard? What may look like wide open from the couch at home - never looks like that when you are actually playing. Durant just sits in one spot on the outside - guys in the NBA bait you into thinking there is a passing lane when there isn't. Durant needs to follow up (crash the boards) when others drive. Leave the spotting up to small guards like Cook - it's a waste to have a 6'11" Durant not looking to rebound and get put back shots.
jaguars7282::yeah i know exactly what you mean, its really irritating but when he shows up, its really good lol
Liberal Feminist::He was absolutely terrible on offense for 3 quarters and then showed up in the 4th.  Don't get me wrong I'm glad he showed up in the 4th, but there so many plays where he drives into the paint and Durant is WIDE open on the 3pt line and Westbrook tries to dunk it instead of kicking it out.  Drives me NUTS
jaguars7282::didnt get to see the game, what happened
Chargers_4_Sale::Bulls lost, Thunder at 1.    Thunder the !#$# Up!
jaguars7282::Thunder the !#$# Up!!!
Chargers_4_Sale::Bulls lost, Thunder at 1.    Thunder the !#$# Up!
KeMvP277::God i can't wait for baseball season. i'm so done with my s.hitty football and bball teams. Dodgers can actually do something productive.
rrballer34::james harden is a lock for sixth man of the year
plaidlemur::not a local fan. sup with kaman? is he benched?
KeMvP277::i hope so he sucks.
KeMvP277::Just put henry and aminu in the starting lineup. Bellinelli and Ariza are absolute jokes. And put Landry back in. He's our only consistent player along w/ jack.
gt1master_ike::Bellinelli is the worse type of offensive player. Way too inconsistent to be relied upon. He def needs to go.
KeMvP277::Amen.
gt1master_ike::People actually think ariza still has potential to achieve. Ariza is the same guy he was 4 years ago and its a damn shame.
KeMvP277::he's good at D, needs to stop shooting though.
similitude::With David Stern's permission, Hornets will have picks 1 and 2 in the draft.
rlee7seven::Stern will see to it. He needs to sell the team right?
thethithua::00 sold the spread
gt1master_ike::Eric Gordon is injury prone and  a free agent after this year. Good riddance
TheGloriousBen::It says on yahoo sports he didn't re-sign and he's becoming a free agent.
TheGloriousBen::It says on yahoo sports he didn't re-sign and he's becoming a free agent.
rlee7seven::Gordon could have been somebody on the Clips. Now he'll fade into mediocrity. I feel for the dude.
KeMvP277::You are an absolute idiot. not allstar caliber. LOL
rlee7seven::If he can stay on the floor. He's being asked to be more than he was in LA. He was apart of a strong young core, and now he's the number one option on a losing team. He's not even ALL-Star caliber.
KeMvP277::Yes because him being the only good player on the hornets means hes gonna be mediocre. makes sense...
KeMvP277::Nola is re-signing him, and he was fine his first two seasons of injury. He'll be fine. He's a restricted FA BTW, which means we match any offer.
KeMvP277::As long as he stops getting injured, i'm happy with having him for 10 years. but next year we won't have this joke bellinelli as the backup, we'll have two new lottery picks in davis/drummond/sullinger/jones and the t-wolves pick which we might be able to grab kidd-gilchrist with. we will have more depth next year.
gt1master_ike::I hope they can get him with a 4 year 50 million type  deal. Monta ellis and rondo's contracts  average about 11 million  a year. So 12.5 for him isn't too bad.
KeMvP277::I hope.
gt1master_ike::He will probably want a max contract, and do you think hornets will oblige?
similitude::no he just got 4 year extension.
julieduke33::what was final score
winterfresh98::101-91 Cubs
Chargers_4_Sale::Thunder at 1 after tonight.
thethithua::i think WESTBROOK bet on the game so he missed both free throws on purpose wtf ... u cant win championship with missed like that dude
LandMan152::Good game. I'm surprised New Orleans doesn't win more games with the way they've played OKC this year.
winterfresh98::NOLA sure played with more heart than the Nets, gave us a good 2nd half.  Good game
Charlesisgone::If the league had allowed the 1st trade to stay, the Hornets would be a lot more competitive than this team.
Charlesisgone::Drafts picks are nice BUT they don't guarantee success. Drafting right takes luck. I'm just saying the leagues goal should be to put butts in seats and well let's be honest a 3-14 isn't much to cheer about.
Charlesisgone::A lot more competitive. Gordon is injured isn't he? Kaman sucks. Aminu is a ?...yup that sure is great.
KeMvP277::draft picks, are you five or do i have to explain everything? And because gordons injured now means he'll be in the future... ? you are 5.
KeMvP277::it's called a future.
similitude::no they would be older and poorer.
rlee7seven::How's that David Stern-approved trade working out NO?
Charlesisgone::+1. They would have been a lot better off with the 1st trade.
KeMvP277::yeah, for this season. not next, and the next and the next
similitude::they lose my single digits every time!
KeMvP277::Talk to us in a year or two. the deal was meant for the future, not the present.
KeMvP277::Called draft picks dude, incase you forgot, we have our own and the t-wolves and gordon has been injured in all but 2 games soo...
rlee7seven::Yeah, the team looks REAL attractive to potential buyers...
winterfresh98::Yeah this is curtains
csun101::DROSE IS INJURED! http://www.fancloud.com/nba/nbachat
winterfresh98::You make me miss Genral Sherman
similitude::Hornets are one of the best 3 win teams in league history.
AndySportsB::Cook is shooting well!
csun101::DERRICK ROSE ACCUSED OF TAKING PERFORMANCE ENHANCING DRUGS! http://www.fancloud.com/nba/nbachat
jakegrubbs1419::This dude, first D-Wade out for the season now this.
SportsFanForever79::yeah ok
SportsFanForever79::perkins is tuuuuuuuurible trade him back to Boston for a draft pick
SportsFanForever79::they did untill they gave him that ridiculous contract
anono47::If I'm OKC; I eventually keep Durant, Ibaka, Harden, but sacrifice Westbrook &amp; Perkins if necessary.
anono47::Personally think, Rondo is a much better fit for that team, but Boston wouldn't trade Rondo for that $80 M contract.
winterfresh98::Thats why I wouldnt have cried if Westbrook was traded for Rondo.. However I will give Westbrook the benefit that he will see and learn this.  He is locked and Brooks and Durant will have a sit with him, hahaha
LandMan152::That sounds very wise. Westbrook is a better scoring point guard than most. But imagine how much Durant would average if Westbrook averaged 10-15 assists a game.
LandMan152::He's better than Krstic. OKC won in that trade.
csun101::DWade is OUT FOR THE YEAR? http://www.fancloud.com/nba/nbachat
Chargers_4_Sale::Lmao, Hornets begging for a foul.
winterfresh98::haha
gt1master_ike::Westbrook can still win the game for the hornets  Just hang in there, new orleans.
csun101::DWade is OUT FOR THE YEAR? http://www.fancloud.com/nba/nbachat
gt1master_ike::He participated in shootaround. I doubt they would let him do that if he was out for the year.
ajgold2::Why isn't Kaman playing?
jkersner123::you really want to know that answer?
100_Spoke_City::I know Westbrok, and KD are back in, but I hope they stay with the hot hand .... FEED COOK THE BALL
winterfresh98::Did OkC forget defense is part of the game?????????????????
SportsFanForever79::Can OKC ever play seriously its like they dont care
winterfresh98::and Heat is getting gut checked by Pistons
winterfresh98::ha Dallas losing
Chargers_4_Sale::The fix is in.
Chargers_4_Sale::Someone put glue on Muhammad's shoe, so he quit falling for the pump fake.
100_Spoke_City::Cook for Threeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
BilboBagings7665::Never wage on any bet that pays less than EVEN
arizonasting001::haha love the username
BilboBagings7665::Thank You Nets for the $600
BilboBagings7665::Never wage on any bet that pays less than EVEN
