inquisitiveman::one of the dumbest plays ever in NBA history....especially by a veteran of 15yrs.
JLinNASA::Lin helped to lead two different teams that were not expected to make the playoff INTO the playoff!
Scam_Antonio_pitifull_1sport_city::Since Rockets  just rebuilt THIS year  Rockets are the LAST to rebuild Rockets are the FIRST to get in the playoffs!!  playoffs?? u talkin playoffs?! rockets should be proud of themselves to get in during first year111
GEORGE. W BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::HAREN, HAREN, HAREN...WHAT ARE WE GONA DO WITH YOUR USUAL 9 TURNOVERS AND ZERO DEFENSE?  BARELY BEATING A SCRUB TEAM IS WORRISOME...ESPECIALLY DURING THE PLAYOFFS SEASON;)
Scam_Antonio_pitifull_1sport_city::u mad bro?? as an okc fan, i would be mad as all cut loose
Scam_Antonio_pitifull_1sport_city::what prompted this ill-advised crusade you have against harden?!@  it makes no sense, he is the 5th leading scoring and just was named top 10 in nba and we got him for kevin who??, kevin, who?!?
HoustonTexan357::You wouldnt be worried if you brought it up. OKC is going to miss HARDEN,(that's how you spell) in the 4th as opposed to having K-Mart. Lol
duudeitschris::Harden's 9 Turnovers are little worrisome, i was at the game last night, and i feel like harden can be a black hole at times, once the ball is swung to him, it's never coming back out lol
duudeitschris::felt*
Queen88022::The best player of this game is Jermaine O'Neal because only what he did in last few seconds counted.  Post game grades:  Jermaine O'Neal: A+ all other players in Rockets and Suns: B
NewAges::Woohoo! Rockets made it on playoffs
Phoenix123Suns::The game is the epitome of the Suns season.
Im Black Yall::Jeremy Lin is the best player I have seen since MJ.
NewAges::Another LOH try to upset another LOHs.....so much hatred.....it explained all the rampages in America
Queen88022::Will be, but not yet OBJECTIVELY.
Dawan208::Quit trolling
Denzel7587::Too predictable, blackie
Scam_Antonio_pitifull_1sport_city::thank you jermaine oneal for that belated easter egg!!
chris johnson 558::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T3ari8OjYhA  the same play from pau gasol here
asian-balla::yeah but different refs
HoustonTexan357::Go Rockets. What a great young team. Sky is the limit for this group.
713atch::Um they have put pts up all year and been fun to watch. Uh they do not play defense and I do not feel like they are actually coached, but hey I am just a fan watching.
asian-balla::great all year ?  that's a bit of a stretch spurs fan.
Scam_Antonio_pitifull_1sport_city::theyve been great all year..took you this long to get on the bandwagon??!! lol
HoustonTexan357::Bandwagon? wth are you smoking dude? Been a fan since i was a kid. And no they haven't been "great all year". Even i can say that. Have you been even watching this year?? lol
UConn Busy::What an idiot.
degjoe06::As a Rockets fan I can't stand the Lakers (or the Jazz), but I honestly want the Lakers to make the playoffs...Reason being is that if they don't they will be in the lottery come draft time and who here honestly would be surprised that they end up with the #1 pick or top 3 at worst? Stranger (fixed) things have happened to the NBA darlings.
I voted for Romney and still dont have a job::Lakers won't get a lottery pick if they don't get in the playoffs. They traded their picks for this roster they have now.
GhotStruck::The Suns get the Lakers pick if they miss the playoffs. Therefore, no need to hope for the Lakers to get in the playoffs. Feel free to let that Laker hate flow uninterrupted and let it shine for the world to see.
degjoe06::Isn't the pick conditional? Top 3 or 5 protected?
Scam_Antonio_pitifull_1sport_city::you are really naive and kinda dumb for wanting the Lakers in the playoffs..nothing endearing about that tea, and infarct they are divisive with a alleged rapist on their team..u must have been to county jail before /haha lol
degjoe06::Scam, I've read your previous posts and you shouldn't be calling other people naive or dumb when you yourself can barely make a coherent point. You must be constantly drunk or just plain illiterate.
Gamble747::What the Suns did to their roster in the past 3 years is almost unbelievable.
Gamble747::Suns actually play decent when they don't put Beasley in the entire game.
Tehkiz::O Neil was smart today, moved them closer to the lottery.
Denzel7587::Nobody wants to face the Lakers in the playoffs. So the Warriors, Spurs, and the Rockets will do everything to beat the Lakers in the remaining games. Winnable for Lakers is the game against the Trailblazers. Lakers assured of only 1 win in its remaining 4. The Jazz have two against the Timberwolves, both winnable games. And its last game is against the Grizzlies...The Grizzlies do not like to face the Lakers either so they could probably lose against the Jazz. Bad prospects for the Lakers.
DuaneXC::What have the Lakers done at any point this season to make anyone scared?
Denzel7587::It's a different story in the playoffs, as it is a different story in the preseason, regulator season, etc.
YouAdumbAzz::read my name.
Denzel7587::I read ur name and I totally agree. Next time you insult somebody, be sure it doesn't bounce on you, $@%!$@%.
1988carlos::Congratulations to my houston rockets. We deserved a spot in the playoffs. Great year, but we can only celebrate for one day. Our focus has to be much sharper than what we saw in this game if were going to beat the elite teams in the west. Make Us Proud. GO ROX!!!!!
oczonie::Would the refs make that same call at the last minute if it was the same situation when the Lakers play Houston in the last game of the season?  Especially if it is tied to the Lakers getting into the post season?
EmTeeZ::No, they wouldn't. But it's the right call here and it should be called.
Steveforprez04::James Harden = All NBA 1st team
goldk972::James Harden = Melo v0.5
asian-balla::he's been struggling and inconsistent of late.
Skatingseveneleven::I think so ,even his high TO &amp; no defense
NDFRockets18::Kobe still leads the league in turnovers lol
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::Maybe. Probably not. 2nd team.
NDFRockets18::Probably should be first team but the media who consistently thinks Kobe is deserving of defensive 1st team will make sure he gets it.
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::Dragic shoots 44% some idiot posted 41%.
Dogcatcher76::i'm surprise u still here. However, that was me who posted 41% and i found it on NBA.com before they updated the new stats. However,  his stats can't just jump from 41% to 44% in one day so maybe i just didn't read correctly when i checked his stats.  Anywayz,  the person who i replied to was asking who's the better shooter Dragic/Lin.  With Dragic's 44.1%FG and 31.6% 3P ,Lin is still a better shooter with 44.6% FG and 34.3 3P
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::I found it funny when spurs fans called Harden a b.itch. The sole reason why you guys have rings is because of ginoblis flopping hes cost my phoenix suns rings and my favroite player Harden is 10x better than Ginobli ever was grow a pair San Antonio.
EmTeeZ::To be fair, the Spurs are still crazy good without Ginobili. Tim Duncan owns.
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::I found it funny when spurs fans called Harden a bi.tch. Harden is 10x better than Ginobli ever was. As a Harden and a suns fan. This is ridiculous Ginoblis flopping and the reffs rigging cost us a ring. GO TO HELL SAN ANTONIO!
NDFRockets18::the same hands that knocked out a fan in the Malice in the Palace in Detroit sent us to the playoffs.  We are now connected with that fan through destiny.
Denzel7587::Hope Kevin McHale gets more competent in the playoffs. He's a crucial piece for the Rockets to survive the playoffs.
Jackiemoonsexy::<b>If this Rockets team is coach by Rudy Tomjanovich, Daryl Morey would be raising the 3rd banner comes June.</b> Don't take it seriously folks.
713atch::I actually liked Rudy T. I was too young to know what he did but yell and look hungover, but I like him more than I like McHale
ScrewedUpTexan713::Its gonna be even better when we get Parsons and Delfino come back  proud of these young Rockets they have fought hard to get to the playoffs in a TOUGH Western Conference !
Denzel7587::Especially Parsons. He's a difference maker especially when Lin and Harden are having off nights. Harden, Parsons, Lin, Asik, and Greg Smith playing well together will help us survive the playoffs.
NDFRockets18::In the past we hated how the West was because we would have made the playoffs in the East but now I'm glad, our team has been and will become more battle tested than we ever would have in the East.
NDFRockets18::Veteran move by O'Neal. He knows how important lottery balls are so he stepped up, took the bullet and did the tanking that the rest of the Suns weren't brave enough to do
Skatingseveneleven::Great talk
vonsteve6868::Everything from here on out is a bonus for me. All I wanted was for the team to gel and for the players to get some playoff experience. I'm going to get greedy now, but overall, this season is officially a big success to me.
NDFRockets18::Exactly. For a team that many projected to be worst in the west, or at least bottom 3, this has been the most delightful season in regards to performance vs expectations. We are basically the Bizarro Lakers. Especially also how we witnessed the collapse last year, this is just great. Seriously, I have had dreams the last few years of landing a 23 year old top 10 player, somehow it happened.   Also I think it's kind of hilarious that we clinched a playoff spot off of a goaltend
Denzel7587::It was described in some publications as the "hands of God". LOL.
Denzel7587::It would be a bigger bonus if the team passes the 2nd round and the team's clashing fans of different ethnicity, players favorites, and favorite hates, etc. all get along.
NDFRockets18::If not this year then next year. This team is too lovable for all the fans to not get along
hookem5746::The Beard has led us all year to be a playoff team.  All Rockets fans knows he can score at will and draw fouls and should be considered in the top five for MVP except for LOFs.  In Harden we trust!!!!!!!!!!
fred3857::Again,last 3 mins Harden's 2 TO nearly kill the win.
Denzel7587::Your favorite past time is Lin bashing and you still consider yourself as a Rockets fan. You have a flawed thinking because it seems as if Harden is the only sole reason why the Rockets have made the playoffs. Please give respect to the other players. They all deserve it.
Denzel7587::I would, however, agree with you that Harden is the biggest contributor to the Rockets' performance. But, we can improve much better if the strengths and contributions of others are maximized during the playoffs.
Sports junkies rule and news hounds suck.::As many of you know,I have posted the message "Spurs fans suck." many times. So why do I hate the Spurs? Because my Phoenix Suns got SCREWED in 2007. That Amare suspension was totally unfair and unwarranted and it cost the Suns the key game of that series,game 5. It was totally unfair and unwarranted and it may well have cost the Suns the 2007 NBA Championship. It definitely cost the Suns the 2007 Western Confrence Championship at the very least. After the tragedy of 2007,being a Suns fan gives me no choice but to hate the Spurs.
I voted for Romney and still dont have a job::Spurs fans didn't do anything to Amare. Blame Stern for that mess, not the Spurs organization....
ThunderFresh::does this guy have a life?
NDFRockets18::vintage
vonsteve6868::Seems like you should have written Refs suck instead.
Denzel7587::I learned three days ago that Lin and Harden were among the 7 finalists of the 2006 Basketball Player of the Year in the state of California. They were also among the 10-member FIRST TEAM all-state picks for that year (together with Chase Budinger of Timberwolves and Ryan Anderson of the Hornets). After 7 years, they're playing both together as ROckets.
sagematic::Westbrook has a coach that believes in him, which allows him to take risks on the court.  Lin doesn't seem to have that on the rockets so harder for him to exercise his talent and develop as a player.
713atch::Come on now. K. McHale lets the players do pretty much whatever. If Lin wanted to be more greedy with scoring he could freely try to.
Dawan208::And Lin only one without a bb scholarship .  SHM
Denzel7587::Landry Fields of Raptors was part of the 2nd team, Brook Lopez (Nets) and Russell Westbrook (Thunder) were members of the 3rd team. And to think that Lin was seen as better than Westbrook back in high school as a PG. Lin has a potential to become a good basketball player in the NBA in the future.
wareagledude5710::An anything can happen moment: In 1995, the Rockets were 6th in the Western Conference, and they went all the way to win the championship. They will get a low seed this year, but we'll see what happens.
NDFRockets18::If they had been playing like this all year they likely would have a record good enough for top 5. Their youth and inconsistency clearly showed early on when they struggled and couldn't figure certain scenarios out. They are much more comfortable with each other now and definitely each player has gotten better.  Who knows?!?!
knottfrank::Optimism! I like it.
jxxxlim::Let's see how far Rocket can go. Hopefully another miracle . Rockinsanity.
knottfrank::While that would be AWESOME... I do not believe Rockets have what it takes (at least not yet) to beat Spurs/Thunder/Nuggets in a 7 games series.
Jackiemoonsexy::George Karl &gt;&gt;&gt; McHale
NDFRockets18::Spurs/Thunder yeah, the Nuggets though are just a night mare for us match up wise. They can run the floor with us and their style of fast paced is more consistent than ours head to head. I'll take SA though
Denzel7587::They have already exceeded expectations. If they reach the 2nd round, then it's early Christmas for Rockets fans.
Denzel7587::Hank10593 http://www.cbsnews.com/video/watch/?id=50144426n&amp;a...  Lin is scientifically the most explosive Rocket ever since the measuring device was created. Interesting stuff.  - - - - - - - -- - - --  -- - -  I thought this was just a prank from some bloggers idolizing Lin, but then Morey is on video speaking about Lin as the most explosive accelerating athlete.
Sports junkies rule and news hounds suck.::We got hosed at the end. IT WAS NOT GOALTENDING. Still,it all works out. The loss helps more than the win right now. I still have mixed feelings on this Rockets team. The Sun Devil in me wants Harden to do well. The Sun in me greatly dislikes the Rockets because of the sting I feel from the Mario Elie shot that beat the Suns in the playoffs. If the Rockets draw the Spurs in the playoffs,I'll root hard for the Rockets because of how much I HATE the Spurs. If the Rockets play any other opponent in the playoffs,I'll be torn. The Sun Devil in me will say "root for Harden's team." The Sun in me will say "root against the team that stung us with thee Mario Elie shot. Very torn.
NDFRockets18::hahaha. It's goal tending in any way. You should be happy, why would you not want to tank
ag2012::lol, way to like your own post.
Hank10593::Seriously, it was clearly goaltending. I don't know what you were looking at. This is NBA, not Euro league.
HOUSTON12372::ahhhhhhhhhh
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::Lin LIN LIN LIN LIN LIN LIN LIN LIN LIN LIN LIN. Harden will go off in the playoffs much like b diddy did in 06-07 Parsons will go off like Jay Rich.
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::07-08.
Fans1000::Another poor shooting night for Lin. As I said before, Lin is just a terrible player, he can't shoot and is a turnovers machine
Denzel7587::It doesn't matter Lin scored the last 4 points which help the Rockets to tie this game.
Hank10593::This is one game. The last 4 games before this game Lin averaged 20 pt and 9 assists. Your argument is just weak as hell. Get lost.
MachineLearner::.
Skatingseveneleven::.
rm90025::He had a 3:1 assist/to ratio tonight.  Harden had 9 TOs.  Lin has been shooting 50% from the field this month going into tonight's game, averaging 19/9.  Do some research before you slam a guy.  He has been instrumental to the Rockets' playoff run.  With Harden hampered by injuries, Lin has taken on the scoring and playmaking load in several important games and has delivered results.
bsimon30::Idk about a terrible player but he does need to work hard this summer. He did make some key plays at the end of the game.. Other than that at least we got Bev on the bench to play lockdown D
Jackiemoonsexy::<b>JLin was clutch down the stretch.</b>
Jason Stone Lee::yes, play SG.
easyrawlins1::6 dimes.  Not bad.
nicks4691::Harden 9 TO's!? Are you kidding me!
fred3857::Harden's last 3 mins iso TO and no D often cost Rox for many games.
easyrawlins1::He was going for a double double.
Slambo12345::Shouldn't happen to a player with his talent regardless of the situation and ESPECIALLY to a team of this caliber. He needs to play better if we want any hope of making noise in the playoffs. Hopefully he figures it out before Memphis this Friday.
Dawan208::Mostly caused by the consistent double teaming .
Scam_Antonio_pitifull_1sport_city::9-21 too suck it..we got the W..
nicks4691::Playoffs! Congrats!
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::I may have retired from the game but not from being big! -Shaq
FORKWDEVIL::Gotta Run! BIG PING PONG BALL for PHX!!
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::Oladipo!
FORKWDEVIL::He and Goran would be great.
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::Jahii a sun or a rocket (:. Harden and Jahii (:
Drun2400::Rockets Fans. Who would you rather play? Okc or Denver?
FORKWDEVIL::singing Elton John "Rocket Man" "Rocket Fans"
Roxwin2013::OKC, Denver would sweep the crap out of us.
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::Anyword on Calaen playing next year he said he was but still no official annoucement. Also Kearney hasnt said anything yet?
FORKWDEVIL::both coming.
FORKWDEVIL::I think around January he plays.
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::But is Kearney going to play? Also one more scholarship I believe for a JC transfer.
FORKWDEVIL::Nash, KJ, Westphal, Kidd, Marbury, Dragic
DerekPHX::Hornacek
FORKWDEVIL::He was awesome!
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::We have a great pg history. SF as well.
FORKWDEVIL::Someday Jahii Carson will be a SUN :)
FORKWDEVIL::Even Kyle Macy from Kentucky
FORKWDEVIL::Good loss PHX! I think we can win a few just to finish the season off with a nice taste!
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::Jahii is staying!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
FORKWDEVIL::Yes, I know.:)
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::Suns probably have a better history than the Rockets. Its unfortunate KJ Marjle and Barkely werent in there prime when MJ went to go play baseball.
degjoe06::And yes KJ, Barkley and Marjle were in their primes at the time Jordan was out. The Rockets beat them both years after the Suns choked on 3-1 series leads.
degjoe06::umm Rockets 4 NBA finals and 2 championships? And 2 of those finals they had to go through the great Lakers teams of the 80's. Multiple hall of famers, multiple former players have been NBA head coaches.  Hakeem Olajuwan better than any Suns player EVEEEEER!  Suns best player was Barkley..he would fall in the top 10 of all time Rockets, but he'd be 8-10. Only a handful of NBA teams have a better history than the Rockets and the Suns are not one of them or even close.
ban94shee::Does anyone remember Mario Elie's "kiss of death"??
