Larry::You're not going anywhere with Gasol- inquire about guys like Greg Monroe or Evan Turner. Kobe- hey have to give him a chance- he may have nothing left or he may be pretty good- got to give him some games though- and considering what you have on the roster, do you really have a choice? If he wasn;t a good option, why would you pay him that kind of money? He could be MJ on the Wizards or he could be 80% of his old self(which would be pretty good)- only time will tell.
give_and_go::Returning from a potentially career-ending injury in half the time it took guys half his age. This is basically his first preseason game. Cut the guy some slack, people. At least he was in there passing the ball.
rastaman::The other Lakers must be, like, here we go again with the circus, like when Jordan returned with the Wizards and he was horrible and criticized his teammates.  Kobe should at least only come off the bench for now.  When is Rondo coming back, btw?
fernando::long season, and they need to learn to play together, adding a new piece, specially one like Kobe is not at all easy...they have the talent to do it, but they need to not be in awe, as they seemed, throwing off their concentration, they need to be aggressive and go for it, with or without Kobe on the floor, it will take time!
bob::If the Lakers are hoping for Kobe to come in and be their savior, they are in for a long season.  Kobe could still be a great role player - kind  of like Ray Allen on the Heat - but his days of carrying a franchise are done.
strat::Tuned in late in 4th. Heard a few minutes of Kobe hero and Coach Clueless not reacting. Turned it back off. Lost my tolerance for the fourth quarter fade after last year.
Blondie::Oh well ..... KB with his experience should have directed plays in the paint for Gasol, Sacre, and Jordan Hill to score more points.  KB's 2-9 FGs is something he should have realized since he is not same player he was 10 years ago when Phil Jackson was coaching.  Kobe was forcing up too many missed shots since he was not relaxed enough to get into his scoring zone and since it was his first game of the season.    D'Antoni should of yanked all those with negative point differentials especially Gasol (3-11 FGs), Blake (1-6 FGs), and Kobe (2-9 FGs) out of the game and rotated players and the bench and given more time to Xavier Henry, Shawne Willams, and Jordan Hill.  Why isn't D'Antoni keeping tabs on the negative point differentials of players????  If he did, then there would more points scored from those who have positive point differentials and the Lakers would of probably won the game.  But, D'Antoni is too stupid to rotate players that have higher point differentials.
Don'T Feed Dooley::I muted myself and everything has gone dark.
Harrison::Guck the Fiants joins that list of people that have Kobe in their dreams day and night. I hope Kobe has plenty of protection from the stalkers of the world!
kobe::I hope that lakers will maintain their momentum until the 4th quarter, great game for the bench players. Thanks you so much
