MinniWolves90::.
HORNS-1-987::Lol! even the Nets fans were on their feet at the Colby nasty slam
HORNS-1-987::Lol! even the Nets fans were on their feet at the Colby nasty slam
berdosux::Where are all the laker haters now?  I dont know if this is a telling sign that the lakers are making a comeback, or just how horrible the eastern conference really is...
NCOKOH90Thunder::Lol Laker fans have become Delirious, Kobe is jacking up more shots then probably any 1 in the league atleast 22-25 a game, if u don't think age is a factor then ur not older bc the season takes a toll on the body, Lakers will b 1 and done in the playoffs when they play a younger fresher team and that's a big IF u make the playoffs, Laker fans being mad about anything bad said about them is a good indicator they are worried about the future of their team,  get use to being mediocre good news is u will rid urself of all these bandwagoners
Salt Creek949::you are so ignorant and arrogant it makes me want to never read an ESPN article again. Does it matter what age Kobe is? Still can lead the league in scoring, or if he wants, get a triple double. No shooting guard is as polished and skilled as Kobe. Let's not talk about basketball IQ or how Kobe's been playing at this level probably more than half your lifetime. Show respect when respects due.
MrBrooks1154::The lakers still have to win 70% of their remaining games to win 44 games bra  Have fun Limping into the 8th seed in the Playoffs with your 34 year old stars logging  2800-3000 minutes this season
Blakemg1::The Lakers would need to win 21 of their last 33 games to finish at 44 wins.   That's 63% of their remaining games. Math is clearly not your strong suit.   They've won 6 of their last 7 by the way. That's 86%. Pretty sure they'll be all right
Makaveli_Better_Dayz::I gotta say, the Nets homecourt looks sick.
Brice162::Kobe parts the red sea like Moses
SteeleKen::shame that the Lakers can't play Boston at full strength...could get ugly quickly
bnavarro8::Brooklyn fans are so MAD! ahahahahah its so hilarious!
Rashu014::The Nets have fans?
SteeleKen::LEBRON OWNS ALL. James will retire with more MVPs, greater career numbers, and just as many championships. He will do all of this against better competition.  above is proof and typical of Miami fans...they're high school kids who started watching basketball in 2011 and actually believe Lebron will have more rings than Mj or Kobe...funny, they can't do the math and realize that it's impossible for LBJ to have 6 rings in 13 years...to catch or should i say EQUAL Kobe's 5 rings, all LBJ and Miami have to do is win 4 out of next 5 CHAMPIONSHIPS to EQUAL 5 rings in 15 years....now I realize why adults tell kids to sthu and go sit at the kids table....pffft
WillC1231::must be a child
bnavarro8::better competition???? wow .. clearly didnt watch the nba in the early 2000's ....... way more talent and tougher competition . kid is delusional
WillC1231::Kobes dunk last was night was EXTREMELY overrated! We see those kind of dunks almost daily. Kobe is old and washed up and he just cant get up high enough.. And i don't dislike Kobe or anything like that but people are hyping that dunk from last night and it wasn't anything special. maybe for him but thats it
DodgersWinWS08::If Kobe's stats reflect a washed up player...then he is by far the best player of all time in his prime...
jsine55::I thought it was a good dunk.  The emotion around it was more about the atmosphere and context of the game than the dunk itself.  I thought Kobe breaking Wallace's ankle's with that crossover-&gt;jumper was a better play.    Overall he had a poor game. He had open looks he was missing.
WillC1231::Against my team?? I am NOT a NETS FAN!!! NEVER EVER. Im just stating my opinion.. is that okay? I think it is. I think Kobe is great but watch what some of you say
bnavarro8::so whats your point??? the ball went in . ha
bnavarro8::yeah because it was against your team , if anybody from YOUR team did that .. your panties would be dripping wet . your not even a BASKETBALL FAN .. you're a hater aha cry baby i would say
utfanatic2007::That the dunk itself wasn't that impressive.  Nice, but you see better on a nightly basis.
utfanatic2007::Agreed. The ball barely made it over the rim.
bnavarro8::34 year old , posterizing  2 bigs , got fouled , when do you see a 34 year old posterizing anybody!?!?!? sit your $@% down .... stop hating
WillC1231::i guess you didn't read my whole message.. because i clearly added that i don't dislike kobe but you say stop hating? hmmm
SteeleKen::you're just mad because LA OWNS NY basketball...3-1 against NY D-league teams....
WillC1231::huh?
Steve91406::EL POLLO LOC0 RISES The reason I watch the Lakers games is the same reason I watch Will Ferrell movies.  --------------------------------------------  When this idiot watches a Basketball game, he actually think he is watching a funny movie. I wonder which re t ard school he is attending right now.
Jetwing Optimus::Amazing Kobe can still keep it up, his style of play, going on almost 20 years. Wow! This dude has played half his life in the league.
Steve91406::@utfanatic2007  U hate Kobe, and want to deny everything he did for the team, I am fine with that, but force us to believe the samething u do is just absurd, we don't hate Kobe as much as you do, and there is nothing u can do about it. Everyone has his/her own opinion.
utfanatic2007::No hate, just reality.  I'm a Lakers fan, not a Kobe fanboi.  Kobe is a great player, but has some serious flaws.  He played a decent game last night, but unlike many on this board, I'm not an ESPN or Kobe kool-aid drinker.
utfanatic2007::Completely agree.  Kobe's dunk was nice, and I got up off the couch when it happened.  Great play.
SteeleKen::i must apologize...and I agree...kobe haters/lovers go overboard...but it was cool watching the nets whiff on the block attempt while Kobe put it away...
SteeleKen::he's a life-long clipper fan who, ironically just a few years ago, could be seen driving the streets of LA with a Lakers flag hanging on his car window....like all Clipper fans...
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::utfanatic2007 suffers from "I think my opinion is fact" syndrome.
SmOkIn__KuSh::Seems like the haters are hiding
Ontario925::The first time this season the Nets have lost a game to a team below .500. The Nets have certainly been beaten by higher scores this season but that is the sloppyest and worst game they played this season. Lakers were missing 3 top players and 7-16 away coming into Brooklyn. The Nets had plenty of days off rest before game. No excuse looking dopey like crap the way they did in the game last night. Everytime they get up near the top of the conference standings they start playing games dopey again.
bnavarro8::we already beat them twice this season . stop making excuses ,
jsine55::what excuse? He said he is disappointed in his team.  He literally said, "there is no excuse for [playing like crap]."
-whoa-::im confused with the kevin durant swing through move, didnt they say that wasnt continuation anymore, yet they gave lopez free throws times that game callin it continuation, we need some consistency with these refs.  NFL replacement refs&gt; NBA refs
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::The words "consistency" and "refs" are mutually exclusive.
DeezBrown::Thursday's Lineup for the Lakers: Nash  Meeks Bryant Artest Clark
scottpilgrim30::pahahhahahahahaha. good luck with that. The Celtics gonna stomp a mudhole on that lineup
scottpilgrim30::Can't wait till the Celtics beat them tomorrow night on TNT. The Celtics are gonna make the Lakers look like swiss cheddar. Jason Terry gonna drop bout 25-30 and Pierce will too
Blakemg1::Poor Scott, all that hate in your heart in vain. And yet you keep coming back. I kind of admire that in a sad sort of way.
19UKfan87::Earl's been ballin
DeezBrown::Earl Clark&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;2013' KG
timbeebe2::Lakers win, haters are mad
oblique15::nvm
oblique15::Where Brooklyn at  Where Brooklyn at  Where Brooklyn at  Is what I said when I heard MVP for Kobe lol  They sure love to talk about how people from Brooklyn are tough but they never say anything about how unloyal they are lol
Ontario925::The Nets have lost 4 out of their last 6 games. They are looking more like the December Nets again before Avery Johnson was fired.
scottpilgrim30::Kobe is "really concerned" about Pau's injury. Probably because he realizes that he's not that good and can't win without the big white guy
AmazinGrapeOKC::Are u kidding me Brooklyn????? Control your home court  That was a Laker home game
Blakemg1::No  Dwight, no Metta, no problem :)
NewYorkallday73::They were cheering for the Knicks the other night and the Knicks weren't even there.
oblique15::D will &amp; JJ are so overrated!
scottpilgrim30::I hope Pau don't come back for awhile. Laker fans need to be taught a lesson
DeezBrown::Laker fans or DAMN"Toni? Im sure the fans that know the game value Pau's worth on the court.
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::But Manu's bald spot is filing an official complaint as we speak!
DeezBrown::I criticize the guy because of his mouth. He complains about being the sixth man  when clearly that is a very important role especially when there is no go to guy on the second unit. Manu doesn't complain about being on the bench.
scottpilgrim30::you would think so,,,, but they won't. He gets more criticized than anyone on the roster.
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::What the Nets fans should really be concerned about is how a team that was 4 games under .500 with 3 starters out in 4th quarter out-scored them 10-0 with 2 1/2 minutes left in the game at home.  That's a choke job of monumental proportions......
utfanatic2007::Indeed.  Brooklyn has no leadership. D-Will is showing no leadership and playing like trash.  Worst 28-20 team I've ever seen.
Rashu014::The dunk was amazing because of the moment in the game. Late in the 4th, Nets just made a run to tie the game at 80, shot clock winding down, and what does kobe do? Drives hard and throws it down over 2 big men. Shifts momentum back to the lakers and they go on a 10-3 run from there to win the game. Didn't have a great night shooting, but he still willed them to victory when it counted - without Dwight, MWP, and Pau. Yeah sure they're still 23-26 but that doesn't mean it wasn't exciting.
utfanatic2007::You said kobe forced turnovers coming down the stretch. He did not. His four steals came earlier in the game.   You didn't watch the game, clearly.
utfanatic2007::He didn't "will" them to victory at all.  He made a couple shots in the fourth, that's it. More a case of Brooklyn falling apart late than anything else.  Horrible team for having a 28-20 record.
utfanatic2007::It didn't "spark" a 10-3 run. Again, the Nets came right back down and scored.
Rashu014::Kobe had 4 steals but he didn't force turnovers? I'm beginning to doubt you watched the game...
Rashu014::Dunk sparked a 10-3 run to win the game and you say it made no difference?
utfanatic2007::Kobe didn't force turnovers. Kobe made two key plays coming down the stretch.  Other players for the Lakers made just as many if not more.  Not a matter of Kobe's "will", just a matter of the team executing.
DeezBrown::Forcing turnovers on the defensive end and making key plays down the stretch isn't willing the team to a W? Whatever you call it I will take it.
utfanatic2007::I give Kobe credit where it's due. The dunk made no difference. It just looked cool. The Nets came right back down and Lopez made a three point play on a bad call by the ref on the "swim-through" move.
Rashu014::You can spin it that way if you want. But the lakers were flat and they definitely played with more intensity after that moment. it's ok though - most people don't like giving kobe any credit for some reason
dubcee333::Yea Kobe shot 9-24 (with an elbow sprain)...but if you dont think he "led" his team to victory, you didnt watch the game...You're just looking at the stat box...Great team victory.   On another note: Kobe plays through just about every injury (even injuries not released to the media) when other guys sit...he's not going to shoot 60% every night.
utfanatic2007::I watched the whole game.  Kobe's "leadership" was dubious at best.  He made a nice shot late, and that's about it.  Yeah, Kobe plays through injuries...now.  Earlier in his career, he didn't.  That part is leadership, you bet.  But that's not specific to the Brooklyn game, and having watched the entire game, I can definitely say that Kobe's "leadership" is not what won the game for the Lakers.
LASVEGAS999::REALLY?  Laker fans are excited about a dunk?  This say VOLUMES about the Lakers and there situation.  HOPELESS
BlindHomer::LOL... That was a Nice Dunk,, Kobe posterized two Nets while getting fouled but as usual refs didnt give him the call
LASVEGAS999::shot 9-24 and you're excited about a dunk
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::Admittedly, we Laker fans have not had too much to cheer for this season!
Steel537::That fish caught a whale
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::You are sooooooooooooooooooo funny! You should do stand up!  I notice you don't have a picture. Probably for the best!
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::Laker fans are buzzing on Kobe's dunk last night because A) Kobe doesn't do that too much anymore, and B) Chris Kardashian is still trying to scrub the NBA logo off of his forehead.
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::He jumped. He was going up. He was hacked. His upward momentum was stuffed. He dunked in their face. Don't try to tell me your jump can't be affected after leaving the floor. Just because it's your opinion does not make it fact.
utfanatic2007::Watched the replay again. The "fouls" didn't affect Kobe's jump height in the least. He simply didn't jump that high, and that's why the ball barely made it over the rim. He was nicked by a couple guys right as he was dunking it.
utfanatic2007::No, it wasn't.  Kobe got hit as he was dunking.  His jump had already reached its apex, and he wasn't going any higher. Yeah, he got hit.  I've seen him and others get hit MUCH harder while having jumped much higher. Kobe just didn't jump that high. Take a physics class or something if you don't understand how Kobe getting fouled here didn't affect his jump height.
utfanatic2007::Kobe barely got the ball over the rim on that dunk.
utfanatic2007::And I've seen plenty of dunks, by Kobe earlier in his career, and many others, where the player gets fouled, but is up much higher, with the head closer to the rim. On this dunk, Kobe just didn't jump very high.
utfanatic2007::No, the "fouls" came after the jump.  Watch the replay.  Kobe barely jumped high enough to dunk.  Again, the fouls came AFTER the jump.  Kobe's vert isn't exactly what it used to be. Cool looking play, but nothing special in terms of lift or the actual dunk.
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::Because he was fouled by two dudes. When you have 2 gorillas trying to beat you down, your vertical leap is a little bit curtailed. I know it's a difficult concept for you to grasp.   And I enjoyed watching it live and all the replays several times.
utfanatic2007::No, the ball barely made it over the rim because Kobe didn't exactly get up very high. Watch the replay.
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::I think I just got "lawyered"  Dude: Again, I was just explaining why the ball barely made it over the rim. Are you trying to say that if Kobe was not fouled so hard that it still would have barely made it over the rim? That's the RELEVANCE, not the refs calls. We both agree that the refs were bad both ways. Again, have a nice day!
utfanatic2007::You move on. I'm not blaming the refs for anything. You are the one who brought up the lack of a foul call on Kobe's dunk, so I pointed out that the refs missed fouls that Kobe committed as well. Nobody said that play "lost the game" for the Lakers.  What are you even talking about? Point is: the refs were bad, missed calls on both ends. Kobe got away with flagrant fouls, so the fact that the refs missed a foul on Kobe on that dunk is IRRELEVANT.
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::You're doing it again. Quit blamming the refs and move on. One play did not lose the game.  Have a nice day!
utfanatic2007::It's not a standard response. Did you watch the game?  Kobe had a nice steal from D-Will at one point, who was chasing Kobe down on a breakaway.  In front of the rim, Kobe flagrantly pushes off Deron with his off hand before going up for the layup.  This happened right in front of the ref, who called nothing.
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::Did you notice I said "See? I can do it too.." It was making fun of the standard response to anyone complaining about fouls.  Next time, don't turn off your sarcasm detector.
utfanatic2007::No, it's not an opinion.  Watch the game replay.  Kobe was not getting hacked all game long, or anywhere close to it.  Yeah, he got fouled on the dunk, which was nice, but him not getting the call was nothing unusual for the game.  The officials were horrible last night, but not as bad as the Nets.  Worst 28-20 team I've ever seen.
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::Opinions vary. Anyway, I was just replying as to why the ball barely made it over the rim, not trying to say the Lakers got hosed on most of the calls or anything. Officials were blowing calls both ways. That was just the most obvious one...........
utfanatic2007::And by the way, Kobe was not getting hacked all game long.
utfanatic2007::Everyone was, not just Kobe, so Kobe getting "fouled" on his dunk is irrelevant.
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::Kobe was getting hacked all game long. See? I can do it too.
utfanatic2007::Yeah, and Kobe got away with fouls all game, including a flagrant push-off on D-Will on a breakaway after a steal.
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::Well, he was fouled by the 2 poster victims with no call. But it DID go in.
Iknowaboutsports925::Kris Humpries and Gerald Wallace are NBA players and are taller than Kobe Bryant..If you didn't think the dunk was awesome..you're a hater....
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::I thought is was totally awesome! Kim voted it highlight of the night.
Ustna9::Earl Clark is future of the Lakers....  LMFAO
BlindHomer::LOL @ Haters on Lakers conversation again.... Get a life loser NO worry about Lakers.. they will reload in the off season
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::My son now calls him "The Franchise"
TSlakersmvp::and D12 and ofc they are gonna get irving
utfanatic2007::Kobe "Led" the Lakers with 9-24 shooting?  How does ESPN come up with these headlines?
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::He "led" by default with D12, MWP and Pau out. Plus he played great in the 4th.
utfanatic2007::He played fine in the fourth.  Nothing special.
Iknowaboutsports925::its called leadership son....
utfanatic2007::Leadership is shot-jacking and poor efficiency huh?
Iknowaboutsports925::Kobe is still great.....A first ballot hall of famer for sure...
Bill GOAT potus::So was John Havlicek
5ammy5ammy5ammy::"If you ignore the 15 shots he missed, Kobe was PERFECT from the field last night. Also, other than the five turnovers, Kobe had ZERO turnovers. Plus, he dunked the ball, and nobody's done that before. Suck it, haters."  - Laker-head clown
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::Chris Humphries, is that you?
Bill GOAT potus::Worse hair peice? Dwill or PJ?
Bill GOAT potus::Kobe got 15 more last night...way to go. If this continues he will break John's all time record before the end of the season.
09Skeet::ANKLES!!!  Gerald Wallace LOL
sources says::Dwill and Joe Johnson is the best backcourt in the NBA.  -fired ESPN analyst.
5ammy5ammy5ammy::Hang in there, Brooklyn fans. Everybody loses to a lottery team sometimes; you guys will bounce back.
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::5ammy and Ustna liking each others posts again. I know, you hate me..
Ustna9::What do you mean?
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::Now that was funny! Props!
Ustna9::Why do you have a picture of your wife holding a fish?
5ammy5ammy5ammy::I mean, I get what you were trying to do there, but it just didn't work out.
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::You'll figure it out eventually
5ammy5ammy5ammy::That doesn't make any sense at all.
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::Because I knew you both were out of tampons...
5ammy5ammy5ammy::Why did you end that sentence with two periods?
cats_beat_bulls::The Nets are the Cowboys of the NBA with Williams being Romo and Prokorov being Jones.
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::I don't always make Kobe rape jokes, but when I do, they are lame as hell.... -- Uncle Ruckus
Ustna9::0/10
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::You mad because I dissed your boyfriend?
bluemonsta::Can't decided if Lakers needs to fire D'Antoni or ship Pau/Dwight to Somalia....
TSlakersmvp::trade gasol for drummond Dwight for Davis
TSlakersmvp::Him and his miami boyfrnds well they might win a rignt , but it dont change a thing ..LEbron James is a $@%!$
Uncle Ruckus... no relation::That rapist Kobe Bryant has no honor. His thumbs should be tacked to the ceiling while we all cut his body up while throwing alcohol on his wounds. He should never of threatened the sanctity of an innocent white woman. He must pay!!!
wilmaso::wow alrighty then ( aceventura voice)
TSlakersmvp::what a sad thing to say
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::This just in: Kim Kardashian divorces Chris Humphries after viewing replay of Kobe poster-ising him during last nights game.
wilmaso::what -a cornball
Ustna9::You're kind of an idiot, aren't you...?
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::Ustna is Russian for "Coming out soon"
TSlakersmvp::Just fire Mike D Antonini and let kobe and nash take care of the team
LakersD12::Laker haters where ya at?
Steve91406::Lacker hater, lmao, that why haters are also laughing stocks for us. Lacker, lacker, lacker.
wilmaso::right here ...not a kobe hater just a lacker hater, wish kobe was on another team.
Corvo Attano::23-26.  no room for you talk lmao
thatguytotheleft::They beat a couple of good ones recently.
Corvo Attano::number on right been increasing all season.  not impressed when they beat a couple of bad teams.   lakers will start losing again.  it is inevitable.  they play celtics so that's a loss
DeezBrown::I notice the number on the left has increased... Don't deny it these aren't Mike Brown's Lakers anymore, hell these aren't even DAMN'Toni's Lakers anymore
Rex_Facts::Uncle Ruckus... no relationThat nígga kobe was guilty!!! How could the justice system allow that jígaboo to go free. If it was up to me i would chop his dick off and stuff it down his throat for him to choke on and while he's choking I would set his black a$$ on fire!!! ================ <b>nothing like a jealous toothless good ol boy.. hahahaha  umadBRAH?</b>
Rex_Facts::5k comments and 4900+ of them are from naysayers, haters, boxscore watchers and drive-way all americans...    It is great to be a Lake-Show fan.  FACT
wilmaso::lmao ooooo good luck in the first round lmao
DeezBrown::Let em know!
