truesportfanman::ANOTHER win for the heat with a huge Asterisk. The heat are down by 3 late in the fourth when lebron runs THROUGH the Wolve's Tolliver, knocking him over for the score and the free.....The commish will do anything to get these cheap wins for the heat.
ANDY87143::Plain and simple Heat win!!!
JordanTIGERKobe::A Detriot teen was seen choking at the dinner table wearing his new Christmas Lebron sneakers.
JordanTIGERKobe::Lebron is the regular season KING  -Kobe 5 time WORLD CHAMPION
ANDY87143::Shut up Hater!!!
1974rascal::LeDouche is the King of Choking and overpaid little b!tches. Kobe is the king of date rape and the rest of the NBA players are the Kings of the uneducated.
1974rascal::The NBA died when Jordan retired the second time. The NBA sucks and is a waste of time to all humans. I would rather watch grass grow than watch an NBA game. All it is is a bunch of over priced primadonnas that aren't worth the Charmin extra soft that I wipe my butt with.
SupeFan14::Gee and Jordan has no ego at all.
TheSixthHeatle::39 years old and jaded, so sad!
ANDY87143::Don't Hate!!!!
Bede Bears::LeBron and Wade are the primadonnas.
JordanTIGERKobe::" Let Lebron make the inbound pass, he's 6' 9"   - Eric Spo
JordanTIGERKobe::" Don't let Lebron take the last shot"  - Heat management
Benjamin3562::I wonder if heat management sent lebron some rogaine during the off season.....
JordanTIGERKobe::" I love White Women"  -MWP
JordanTIGERKobe::The Heat should get Lebron a Lakers Snuggie when he's cold in the finals...
ANDY87143::you guys are just hating^^^^^
Benjamin3562::maybe tim tebow, will give him the fourth quarter......
Durant AKA F-35::By then, the Heat will be up by 43
JordanTIGERKobe::Then blow it in the 4th qtr   -Lechoke
JordanTIGERKobe::Lebron= James Worthy or Karl Malone...  Glorified Passers with huge body's and great PPG averages////...
JordanTIGERKobe::Lebron and Wade are the same players///....  The 2006 Heat were built perfectly...
Benjamin3562::I said this from the start! the celtics had a perfect mix too......
JordanTIGERKobe::I was rooting for Lebron until he cost me 2k bucks in the finals... so from now on I wish him death!!!!
LightSpeed1000::noone buys lebrons shoes
32jagzman11::statisically
32jagzman11::statically he's better but socially he's not
LightSpeed1000::lebron thinks hes MJ
JordanTIGERKobe::Lebron thinks he's Jay Z
JordanTIGERKobe::I know it's nice to win more than 15 games//// but the Heat better win atleast 3 rings with this squad... or it will go down as the biggest choke in NBA history... especially in a weak NBA...
JordanTIGERKobe::C'mon the C's have 3 acient players and they at least won 1 ring
JordanTIGERKobe::If the Heat don't win it all this year, it's time to blow the team up
Benjamin3562::I think the heat would be a much better team right now, if lebron posted up like magic. No wing player can stop lebron james in the post! Either lebron would find a big man for an easy dunk off a double team or give wade a chance to slice to the basket, for chance to throw down.
Benjamin3562::Lebron does need a post game! He's 6"8' 260 pounds!  Imagine kevin durant trying to guard that.....
Nonaligned_::I agree...when he starts to slow down he'll need a post game...in a big way...
Benjamin3562::It's time for lebron to play point guard, post up more and rebound like a 6"8' 260 pound backetball player!
_TheSixthHeatle_::Lebron doesn't need a post game...he's too good in the other areas. His post game could only get him a job at a strip club
_TheSixthHeatle_::If they don't win it's time to teach them TEAM ball
JordanTIGERKobe::not when Pippen got there...
shamp_::why it took jordan time to win his first ring
JordanTIGERKobe::Do Heat fans like Bosh??? tell the truth...
JordanTIGERKobe::Bosh is too busy at Club LIV and sniffing china
_TheSixthHeatle_::Rapters can't dance!
_TheSixthHeatle_::He's the only role player we have = he learned how to open doors
Durant AKA F-35::yeah, he's better than Amar'e
JordanTIGERKobe::I think when Bosh cut the dreads and became GQ it was over.
JordanTIGERKobe::You want to stop the Heat....  1. Show Lebron a picture of Delonte 2. Play zone 3. Make Bosh cry
Benjamin3562::You should probably wear a dirk mask too..... hehe
JordanTIGERKobe::The Heat are a Huge joke  - Khloe
Benjamin3562::durant aka f-35, why do you care about kobe bryant's $@%!$?
Durant AKA F-35::Kobe's D*ck is smaller than my sister's marriages.Lamar told me -Khloe
_TheSixthHeatle_::WiTh 2 of the top five NBA players on my Heat, they are unbeatable. The only way they can lose is for the opposition to play team ball against them i.e. Charlotte and Minnesota.
Benjamin3562::The reason why the heat fail in the playoffs is simple..... lebron,wade and bosh have seperated themselves from the team.  Who gets interviewed after a game, who gets all of the commericials, and who gets ignored when the praise is handed out?
JordanTIGERKobe::0-1 in the finals... and The C's with senior citizens almost won if it wasn't for Cole-Blooded
_TheSixthHeatle_::Dallas played team ball...Chicago couldn't make a shot and rose tried to beat lebron and Wade by himself = not gonna happen
JordanTIGERKobe::Eri Spo is clueless.... lucky there aren't many X'O's coaches left to out coach that nimrod
JordanTIGERKobe::The Heat are beating teams on pure athleticism.... Heat fans respond!
JordanTIGERKobe::You've been here too...lmao it's the Holidays... not on here during the week.. I work... you Occupy Lebrons nutts
brandonlee561heat::<b>Get a life, you've been here for hours, talking to yourself. LMAO</b>
Durant AKA F-35::29-16-8
JordanTIGERKobe::CP3 doesn't play defense  -Rose 21-16 dimes...OUCH
Benjamin3562::well,  rose is  a great player but he's going beat himself up during the regular season. CP3, is just coasting until the playoffs arrive because he has a lot of help.
JordanTIGERKobe::CP3 will be injured.. he's not durable... like the kid but he's like Bynum
JordanTIGERKobe::Don't get me wrong... I want a healthy Lakers team vs the Heat in the finals... Ratings BONANZA!!!!
JordanTIGERKobe::The non charge call on Bron was NBA refs at it's finest...
ANDY87143::excuses excuses Heat are just better than your team
JordanTIGERKobe::Play Zone D the Heat are done...
ANDY87143::Sure!!!
JordanTIGERKobe::The Heat Needed a PG got that and a Big man, still don't have that...  Lebron needs to play the Power Forward when facing bigger teams...  That run and Gun will be dead vs ZONE ask the C's
JordanTIGERKobe::The Heat will be the Buffalo Bills of the NBA... BAnk on it...  The team has basically 2 of the same players.
Benjamin3562::They are a poor shooting team without anyone to rebound or protect the paint. The heat will win a lot of regular season games, but what happens when the face anyone with size?
shamp_::In September 2010, The Q Score Company ranked James as the sixth most disliked sports personality behind Michael Vick, Tiger Woods, Terrell Owens, Chad Ochocinco and Kobe Bryant.
JordanTIGERKobe::With the players the Heat have they should win games by 30... especially vs The Wolves...  The Heat are running out of excuses...
Sainthubbins56::With refs like last night you don't need to win by thirty.
axelwaxel33::did you not watch the dallas game?
JordanTIGERKobe::I did... so what they are getting killed by everyone,..,.
JordanTIGERKobe::if I was a Heat fan, I would never show up on these boards until Lebrons contract is over....  He's a great player but a cancer like T.O...FACT
B.O.H.I.C.A._::You know Kobe is still relevant when he is being brought up in a Heat's board.
Durant AKA F-35::i know his fans and the illuminati is
JordanTIGERKobe::The Best player from the Heat is a rookie from Ohio.. Ironic
JordanTIGERKobe::Lebron is a coach killer  -Mike Brown Eric Spo, Paul Silas
Benjamin3562::another thing........ you didn't "hear" me say anything....... you read a statement that i made.
Benjamin3562::axelwaxel33, i said steven nash.... learn to read! haha
axelwaxel33::imagine if i had lebron's size and athletic ability.... that comment was the most idiotic thing i've ever heard....
Benjamin3562::lebron is a fantastic athlete, but a poor basketball player....  imagine if steve nash had lebron's size and athletic ability?
JordanTIGERKobe::Norris Cole has more clutch shots in one game than Lebron entire career...FACT
Benjamin3562::axelwaxel33, did you watch the finals?  if lebron had averaged half of dirks points in the fourth quarter, the heat would be nba champs right now
JordanTIGERKobe::and they won...lol
JordanTIGERKobe::15 rebounds when it mattered
JordanTIGERKobe::Lechoke is efficient at disappearing in big games..FACT
axelwaxel33::did you not watch the playoffs? the chicago series? those werent big games?
JordanTIGERKobe::when they don't matter???lol
Durant AKA F-35::6/24 when it does matter huh?
Durant AKA F-35::fact. lebron more efficient in late game situation than kobe
B.O.H.I.C.A._::does Durant know that you are cheating on him with LeBron?
B.O.H.I.C.A._::"Not 1, not 2, not 3, not 4, not 5, not 6, not 7"....maybe he just meant that he wasn't ever going to win a ring?
Durant AKA F-35::maybe he was excited and people with no life kept that quote for a year
B.O.H.I.C.A._::or maybe anyone who has a decent memory still has that quote.
JordanTIGERKobe::He does have a tongue ring...FACT  -Wade
JordanTIGERKobe::Trade Lebron for Howard...  Norris cole&gt; Lebum
Durant AKA F-35::Jason Kapono &gt; Kobe Brick
B.O.H.I.C.A._::wait, who's nutsack do you suck? Durant's or LeBron's?
Jg2.o::When Heat sympathizers come up with the "you had more free throws"  argument, I say this. While it has some relevancy, the bottom line is a team like Minnesota was banging it in more down low and the Heat's style is of course fast break and jumpers.  So at least just come with an intelligent argument or even admit (as some do -though seem to rationalize it as their "right") they get a lot of calls, and understand that Wade is a Broadway worthy ham in his rendition of the flop.
Benjamin3562::Is anyone else tired of the heat already?  ESPN should just get rid of the stupid "heat index"  and stop endorsing teams.......  you can't get away with this kind of bias in real journalism.
JordanTIGERKobe::Do Heat BAndwagon fans know next year is Lebrons 10th season...lmao
Benjamin3562::axelwaxel33, stephon marbury  was an assist machine, but did he make anyone better?
axelwaxel33::lebron doesn't make players around him better? lmao he is an assist machine...
Benjamin3562::axelwaxel33, kobe also hit game winning shots......... haha, plus kobe made players around him better.
axelwaxel33::no sympathy for first year together?
JordanTIGERKobe::Kobe sat the bench for 2.5 years also... so no excuses for Prince frozen one
JordanTIGERKobe::Lebron has more now and same result...CHOKE
JordanTIGERKobe::Kobe 5 rings 7 finals in 16 years  Lebum 0-2 in 9 seasons...lmao
axelwaxel33::kobe had a lot more help in L.A than lebron had in cleveland...
JordanTIGERKobe::Lebron is like the last piece of chicken.... Won't last long
Durant AKA F-35::i'd bench him( wade) no need to risk anything. this season is about playoffs and playoffs only
JordanTIGERKobe::Norris Cole is there to pick up the slack
B.O.H.I.C.A._::LeBron would s.h.i.t. a brick without having Wade to back him up.
JordanTIGERKobe::Wade will flop in the locker room to protest
B.O.H.I.C.A._::You honestly think Wade would allow that?
JordanTIGERKobe::Magic lost 4 finals but won 5...lmao
JordanTIGERKobe::Lebron is like having a sexy rich girl with H.erps
B.O.H.I.C.A._::Only shows up at certain times?
JordanTIGERKobe::Can Wade last the season??/ he's always injured/...
Benjamin3562::the heat better hope so...... haha, they wouldn't want lebron taking shots in the clutch.
Bede Bears::He might. He might not.
JordanTIGERKobe::The Heat Need Pat Riley.... to bench Lebum when the game is on the line.
JordanTIGERKobe::The Heat want a banner for being 4-0
JordanTIGERKobe::Lebron needs a Yamaka...  -Stern
LightSpeed1000::does anyone actually buy Lebrons shoes, other than black people with no style?
JordanTIGERKobe::millions of losers???
Bede Bears::The shoe that is hot right now are the new Derrick Roses'.
mkslim0504::actually millions of people do... any other questions?
LightSpeed1000::millions of black people with no style do.
B.O.H.I.C.A._::I doubt millions of people do. I've never seen anyone wearing them out here in San Diego.
Bede Bears::I actually bought a pair of Gold and Black LeBrons maybe 5 years ago.
