shaanamama::Toronto, if you can beat the Hawks, then you might as well be able to beat the Mavericks.
cha cha chia1234::Mavs have had a cupcake schedule thus far. They should fade as the season goes on.
ijaz fauted::We beat a struggling and adjusting Laker team, Portland, Charlotte, and Toronto... don't overreact Mavs fans. Its way too early.
-LeTs gO mAvS-::4-1 without Dirk and won last night without Dirk, Matrix, Brand, and Roddy B. All Mavs fans are excited because were playing so good and no one expected us to be this good
damixedone08::This mavs team is flat out shocking me every game. There game speed is significantly more high tempo then I am used to seeing, well back in the days when we had Finley and Nash..and no defense just offense. But I am loving it so much. OJ Mayo was a steal for us along with collison.
ryyyang::OJ Mayo is a better Josh Howard.  Too bad Dirk is old now.
DustinB41::It the mavs keep it up, Carslile should be coach of the year.  I am however still worried about defense and rebounding at the center position.  Yes Kaman is the most offensively skilled and crafty center Dallas has ever had, and yes Wright has definately improved his O, but he is still inconsistant at D and definsive rebounding and Kaman is flat out undersized for a center.  That's going to hurt in the playoffs when going against guys like Howard, Perkins, and Duncan.  Can't afford to give up second chance points.  Wish you could combine the two.
Jared young112460::Kaman is 7 feet tall
Knut6345::If he's undersized with 7'0" and 265 lbs, then what is Bosh with 6'11" and 235 lbs?   What is with 6'10" Al Jefferson? Or even better... J.J. Hickson  at 6'9". By the way, both average 10+ RPG!   Size isn't everything. Wait till Kaman is fully in shape. Course normaly he's a Double-Double Center and realy good defensive rebounder!
DustinB41::doesn't look like it when the ball bounces off the rim
Dondi716::you guy's signed Mr.Fields to a offer sheet to block New York from getting to Steve Nash AND NOW YOU ARE STUCK WITH THIS 6.25M PER YEAR-  1.1PTS PER GAME BAG OF GARBAGE.
FTLakerFan::gotta give credit where credit is due, dallas guys playing hard and with spirit, not something I am seeing with the Lakers
FoxForceFive00::Are you Canadiens happy with Landry "the brick" Fields? I think his FieldsGoal percentage is really bad. But to be honest. You can't expect much more of this dude... Knicks all day baby!
74hartman71::Cant be stopped!
WonderlicQBR::Lakers should've went after OJ Mayo,,,people were saying he is washed up...Common people, how can OJ Mayo at 25yrs old  be washed up???????????????
BXwarriorBX::mavs will be the first real test for my knicks friday
DustinB41::the Heat weren't a test?
Dondi716::maybe? but not really !!!
Me7hoD::and we wont have shawn marion or dirk.
iv4d::knicks dont have amare, shump or camby
BXwarriorBX::yup
austin.e1212::we finally out rebounded a team!!!!!
ijaz fauted::I'm a die hard Mavs fan but some of you are already to annoint the Mavs as the next champs. We're only 5 games in, relax people. Good win, let's get another.
BigDSportsMavsCowboys::Just got back from the game. The Mavs look so good. What a fun and exciting team to watch. Go Mavericks!!!
KCromie::Very nice win without Dirk and Marion.  Nice to see the Mavs have some depth this year(so far, anyway).
rcthrillers1969::Started using this bet system a few months back called Sportsbettingstar. In my first month of using this system I made almost  $3,000 profit.  If you like to bet sports I recommend this system to anyone that is tired of not winning your sports bets. You can find this system on the 1st page of Google if you search the term Sports Betting System.
expatBdwayne::Get outta here loser. Troll every board with your bullSh!t sports scam. Nobody gives a fuckkk. Beat it @$$hole.
gundrums33::OJ is playing like he did in high school when he won our HS 2 state titles.
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::glad to see kaman do well and our backcourt duo of collison &amp;mayo doing work without dirk brand and marion
Dirk2XMVP::5 Mavs in Double Digits: D. Collison 15pts, O.J. 22pts, V. Carter 17pts, B. Wright 12pts, &amp; C. Kaman 22pts  This Mavs team is balanced and this is without Dirk and Marion. 4-1 without Dirk. Keep it going Mavs!
bballreal::January 2011, without Dirk but with Kidd, Terry, and Chandler Mavs go 0-6.   November 2012 without Dirk, Marion, Roddy, and Brand,  Mavs go 4-1.    Who would have thought it?
-LeTs gO mAvS-::Like I said at the beginning of the year, this team is lot better than the 2010-11 NBA Championship team  Reason Mavs won the title is because of depth. They even have better depth this year
Dallas Mavs Where Plan Z is Greater than Plan A::I wonder if Deron Williams is looking at our score board
_AinoKeA808_::Hes never going to be welcome in Dallas ever again.
Awesome Hasaface The Retrial::You do know ,you're dead wrong....right?
apktexten::I don't think he can do anything about it now anyways after signing 5 years to play in New York's a$$hole, also known as Brooklyn
ishnock::I wouldn't say cooled off. He still shot 47 percent from the field (8-17), and shot 50 percent from 3 (3-6)....However, his playmaking was great, and he could have had 10 dimes.   no marion, no dirk, no brand.   dallas just has too many unselfish players...I just hope they don't slow down when dirk gets back, because he is such a halfcourt player, not really known for running the floor
Mr. Bradford::Think of their half court play when Dirk gets back :) It's going to be beautiful. This team (thus far) has exceeded all of our expectations and I'm enjoying every minute of it.
JTre1212::happy that VC is playing well
-LeTs gO mAvS-::he deserves a NBA title. He's one of the guys you want to cheer for since he's had a great nba career. Hopefully he gets a ring with the Mavs before he retires
apktexten::OJ Mayo cooled off on his shooting, but made timely passes tonight. Hopefully he gets back on track in Madison Square Retirement Home on Friday
G-Mi::How can Memphis let Mayo leave?
apktexten::bcoz Lionel Hollins couldn't bring out his potential
Mr. Bradford::JustASportsFan247 Lowry is legit...the Raptors definitely needed him tonight -------- Oh, he is legit. In the first three games of the 2012-13 season, he averaged 23.7 points, 7.3 rebounds, seven assists and 3.7 steals. He was shooting 57.5 percent from the field, 50 percent from the three-point line and 94.4 percent from the free-throw line. It just sucks that he's out for the Raps because if Lowry were able to keep those numbers up and get the Raptors to the playoffs, he'd be a front-runner for the MVP award.
JustASportsFan247::I didn't realize he was putting up those kind of numbers....that's impressive...he's still young too trying to really put it all together and it seems by those numbers he's on his way
Booker403::Ok is it me or does Quincy Acey look just like Reggie Evans lol
Booker403::Hahaha maybe
gri400::gotta be the beard haha
mavericksfan4life256::mavs are 2nd in the confrence and are about to be first without our superstar and key players. ESPN has us listed at 5th in the confrence. its official, they hate us
ISTIK2DaGCODE::Raps&gt;Lakers
G-Mi::mmmmmmmm,..... No.
F Scott Fitzgeralds Jumpshot::Isnt it funny how a stacked team with quality role and team players can thrive? The lakers just lost proving you cant just throw players together and expect to win lol
Soulbrother 3hunna::My son OJ out there balling
Mr. Bradford::Crazy to see he attempted and shot the same amount of free throws as three pointers this game.
joyhussain::The Mavs could have been 5-0 if it wasnt for a terrible quarter in Utah
-LeTs gO mAvS-::Even if this wasn't our best game played, we still managed to win without Dirk, Matrix, Roddy B, and Brand. I'll take that any day
Sacjai::Mavs have a very deep team.
JustASportsFan247::These Mavericks are relentless and agressive...it seems like they never want to settle and attack the rim constantly.  It's nice to see
Mr. Bradford::We got off to a strong start and gained a 12 point lead after the 1st quarter and never looked back. I still think we need to do better in 3rd quarters though. That's what got us smoked in Salt Lake City.
Mr. Bradford::Woo! Mavericks win! Good luck, Raptors with the rest of your schedule (except for that one other game we play each other). Minus the first quarter, y'all played pretty good and it was kept pretty darn tight. This Amir Johnson guy looked pretty good too. 29 minutes on the floor and he had 18 points, 11 rebounds and shot 6 of 7 from the free throw line.   I'm looking at each teams fast point breaks and noticing the Mavs won that one 19-3. Raps just need to get up and down the court a bit quicker.
JustASportsFan247::Lowry is legit...the Raptors definitely needed him tonight
gri400::a lot of the raps quickness got lost when lowry went down. really affected the fast break points. he would have bumped it up a decent amount
gri400::i think it's the way he plays. he's all over the place and does so many things (he was even leading the raps in rebounds before he got hurt). he's gonna get banged up, but he's tough. Not to worried myself. At least for now we have a good backup in jose... until he gets traded
Mr. Bradford::Dang 8pm class had me gamecasting this game on my laptop instead of watching it live.   Lowery seems to have missed a LOT of time with injury problems lately (strained right elbow, a groin injury, a bacterial infection, a sports hernia, a strained thigh muscle and now an ankle sprain). This guys a talent, but man is he injury prone.
gri400::yeah last night against the thunder, should only be a couple days. he was courtside for this game. my guess is maybe another week, but these things can be a bit unpredictable. He really changes this team when he's playing though, great player. raps are going to need him back ASAP.
Mr. Bradford::Sprained his ankle VS the Thunder right? I swear I saw him wearing a boot later in the game court side. Any word on how long he'll be out?
Dallas Mavs Where Plan Z is Greater than Plan A::Kaman is already our best center ever
JustASportsFan247::Chandler gave us toughness and rebounding but not much of an offensive game... he was very important in the title we won though there's no doubt about that
FanofTexas28::Scoring, yes. But, even Chandler could score a little bit. Tyson had everything.
-LeTs gO mAvS-::He's our best center to score points
BigDtown88::Yes we totally didn't just win a title with Chandler
FanofTexas28::You're quick to forget about Tyson Chandler.
Dallas Mavs Where Plan Z is Greater than Plan A::Who?
FanofTexas28::We can't take the Knicks lightly. They're not playing too bad.
toronto-vigilante3::Lowry or not....get used to more losses again this season, Raps fans....
ISTIK2DaGCODE::UR A BIRD
gri400::GG everybody.   easily bargs best game, DD with a solid game as well. we really need lowry to come back though. raps looked like two different teams in this game imo, destroyed in the first half but they looks completely different in the 2nd half, just wasn't enough.  glad to see dallas doing this well without dirk, should be really exciting when he comes back, wish you guys the best of luck :)
gri400::also i have the matrix on my fantasy team so i hope he comes back really soon as well, always been a fan of his
scottpilgrim33::Now that the Mavs won again, I'm going to go laugh at the Lakers now
AML52586::Mavs 4-1 and Lakers 1-4 would be glorious
ISTIK2DaGCODE::REFS WON U THAT GAME DALLAS COKSHUCKERS
TeamworkToo::Thanks for such a kind and classy comment (sic).
AML52586::u mad brahhhhh?
-LeTs gO mAvS-::flag this loser better
-LeTs gO mAvS-::Mavs 4-1 without Dirk and 3-0 at home. Today Dirk, Matrix, Brand, and Roddy B didn't even play. Mavs playing for the #1 seed isn't so much impossible. Go Mavs!!!
Horn1515::4-1 without Dirk and now without the Matrix.  This is a team.
AML52586::and no roddy or brand
19brom::refs on mavvs dickks fuckkin bullshitt calls throughout the game
Jerryintx88::you musta farted and got high off smelling it
Jerryintx88::at least the mavs have $@%!$ you should know because you suckem every night
claiborne41::self like. lol
AML52586::u mad bro?
bbosse22::what was the final?
FanofTexas28::Dirk, Marion, and Brand out. Whenever those guys are out, and we win. I'm happy. Go Mavs.
Retromavs95::Exactly, hopefully Brand and Roddy are back for the Knicks game
jamesp9375::jnk az punks
meth0z::fk these refs guaranteed they had money on this game
AML52586::tim donaghy back?
claiborne41::mavs won despite of playing bad..
