Rob Palmer::I am looking forward to the Celtics season. I believe they'll be better than most people think.  The NBA is watered down and won't be surprised if they're in the mix for the 8th playoff seed.
Matthew Stone::You WANT them to get the 8th seed and get waxed by MIA?
Chelo Mejias::Celtics win a close one 92-88
Micheal Johnson::are you from boston lol to think they gonna win
Chelo Mejias::Micheal Johnson   I have a right to root for my team, regardless of the personnel on it
Micheal Johnson::its tru not saying your wrong
Mike Bird Munger::LOL EVEN AGAINST BUMS LIKE THE RAPTORS THE CELTICS GET SCREWED BY THE REFS!!
Antoine Black::Celtics might finish with the worst record in the NBA, and that is not hyperbole
Arvind Sangha::Obviously the Raptors are going to destroy the Celtics... 98-74
Andrew Lipham::celtics suck
Rocky Madison::I don't know. The Celtics might not be as bad as we all think they will be. I mean they won't be contending for a championship but they should be fun to watch. Jeff Green will need to show up for every game and hopefully Rondo is working on his mid range jumper.
Maddie Beckley::Boston will be ok this year defiantly compete once rondo gets back. My take away from all this is Green will be an allstar this year by far the best player for them and very underrated. Are bigs looked soft minus Humphies and our turnovers will be high until Rondo gets back. When Rondo gets back the Celts are going to be 10 points better at least every night.
Matthew Forsyth::phew, For a minute there in the 4th quarter I thought they were going to win. This season is all about winning as little as possible. If they don't find themselves in the top 5 draft spots next year I'll be disappointed.
Nate Lessard::As a Boston fan i'm mostly just rooting for young player development this year. We have a ton of cap space opening up and a lot of draft picks to play with. Win or lose I just can't wait to watch some Celtics basketball.
Dusty MW Hughes::Raps win a close one.  Celts are in a new era, but not a bad era.  They have parts to compete and grow.  Coaching may be a question mark with the rook but rondo needs to prove he can play without a ton of skill in front of him.  I have 101-96 Raps.
John Wanat::Gerald Wallace, earning that money with the big 3 point performance in 39 minutes of play!  Haha, the rest of the league is surely going to be calling to trade for him
C.n. Muhney::hoping CELTS can scrap and learn and improve yet LOSE and get them lowass picks,  you gotta tank 1-2 years and make smart picks then ROLL
Fjodor Balla::Baby Dirk having a rough night as expected from his preseason showing.Foul trouble and turnover prone.
Antonio Omar Negron::Boston fan for years, even though they don't have the best line up right now. Real close but hope they can pull this one out.
Jamie Homewood::I remember last season when the Celtics board was always PACKED. The bandwagon emptied REAL quick.
Burhan Khan::You mean before facebook comments? Clown statement, bro
Justin Johndro::didnt know posting on a board made you a fan... learning something new every day, thanks
Chelo Mejias::Last year the facebook format didn't exist, nice attempt at trolling scummer
Jake Gibbs::Olynyk is playing like a hall of famer tonight. Celtics are trying to win it all like the Patriots.
Daniel Tuggle::Tyler Hansbrough just dominated Kelly Olynick Rebounding and Dunkng on his Head
Leon Gile::Could the Celtics "stink" up the joint any more than the Bulls did last night in the FIRST HALF???
Leon Gile::I like teams that are "underdogs" and end up SURPRISING everyone.  Go Celts!
Chelo Mejias::Tough Loss, Had Sullinger played, probably would have won
Mike Bird Munger::THESE REFS REALLY ARE GOING OUT OF THEIR WAY TO HELP TORONTO!!
Burhan Khan::Nice start to the season guys! Riggin for wiggins 2014!
Tom Burzynski::Celtics need to win around 10 games for it to be a successful season
Dustin David::im a celtics fan i think we need to tank get a good pick and start a new era
Dustin David::You're not a true celtics fan if you want to tank. We're not even that bad especially once we get rondo back. Rondo's questionably the best PG and jeff green has all star capabilities. This team just needs some experience and a few more pieces and they will be contending again.
