jimmersstuckinablackhole::fredette comes in again and litterally almost saves this pathetic team with his right arm down by double figures with 4 min left.... i am so ready for sacramento to be without a basketball team... their fans are the worst.... there should be an uproar today with ticked off fans demanding that the idiot keith smart play this kid, and remain color blind if he's to finish the season as the head coach.... so many times fredette has  had outburst just like this one, and yet has no reward system for his good play.... kings fans dont care enough... they are either too stupid to understand when u  draft a national player of the year and scoring champ in the lottery, you play him period.... but u definitely play him when u have absolutely sucked for the two years he's been there... u def play him when u have trouble sustaining offense... and u sure as hell play him when for the first 30 games of the year; when he received legit playing time every game, he shot 47% from the field, 43% from 3, 90% from the line and heres the "SCREAMING AT U IDIOT SACRAMENTO FANS ON THIS BOARD TO WAKE THE HECK UP" moment; where i tell u that thru the first thirty freekin games of this season, fredette was ranked #5 in the entire nba in points per min... behind only durant, lebron, kobe, and melo....what did those 30 games of being top five in the league in scoring ratio get him? more min obviously right? NOPE dnp's... i kid u not... with smart buckling under the tiniest bit of media pressure and saying he had to find more time for fredette; he did just the opposite... he jumped thomas ahead of fredette, despite jimmer severely outplaying him thru those first 30 games.. why? btwbcwd   (because thats what boogie cousins would do... its really incredible what this kid has been thru.... why does smart refuse to play him? maybe the team just doesnt play well when he's in the game... oh wait that cant be it, he has the #1 plus minus on the entire team..... there no reason for him not to play on such a terrible team... no valid reason that is....  the worst  part is that sacramento still has pathetic beat writers yapping about fredettes defense....james hamm i think it is... fredettes defense is so much better this year... serviceable even.... played great defense last  night as well... yet sacramento media types r trying to push that as a legit reason for smart not to play him.. its this simple... smart isnt playing him do to his need to make the masses on that team happy.. fredettes teammates dont want him to succeed... its absolutely obvious... every man is already out for himself, but their dislike for the ever popular fredette is on another level.... this is where smarts decision to not play fredette originated... however, over time im pretty sure (probably due to how many people love fredette and express their hatred for what smart is doing to him, publicly) smart has grown to have a sincere disdain for fredette... smarts run is done after this year... thats a fact... and he will never grace a sideline again as a head coach, not after this train wreck... i just pray this team moves to seattle after this year as well and fredette gets to make his name in front of fans who deserve him... fans who have not had his back at all the first two years, do not deserve to enjoy what he's gonna do when he breaks out once away from smart.. here's hoping for seattle + jimmer tag team....
Zoob-Buster-1::J.izzer the Shimmer sucks. U Mo dudes are soooo pathetic.
Ricardohowelovesthosesteelers::Let's see Cousins had 24 and 10 his team lost by 2? He has been suspended so many times and always said he will try and keep his problems away from his teammates after his melt downs. Well cuz this time it appears you probably just helped your team lose a winnable game! What a dumbsttt! Why can't he just put his team above his idiotic behaviors for once.
csmeech::why didn't JJ play
A Wild Wizard Fan Appeared::The same people that call Cousins a "thug" are the same people that complain the NBA is "too soft"
jimmersstuckinablackhole::he's not a thug... he's a immature almost simplistic simon type.... he reminds of a 6 year old who tantrums every time he doesnt get his way
soulsnake::it they think this is thug, go back and watch the old footage. this is childs play.
soulsnake::man, dunleavy made a dirty play, and cousins did the right thing.  you don't ever go at a players knees that way i don't give a crap who you are.  I LOVE COUSINS GAME, IF HE COULD JUST TONE DOWN THE ANGER A BIT, HE IS EASILY ONE OF THE BEST CENTERS IN THE GAME.
moosiphoosus::Mil vs Sac got 2200+ post due to Cousins..Wow I was wondering were the hotspot for a certain type of people to vent on the NBA and why they can't stand the "players" within the league.  - Not the angry white guy
DodgersLakersUberAlles::This guy is a piece of garbage.  He's in the right city right now.  Seattle fans/city are way to classy for this.
EnigmaBlack::Top reason I dislike watching the NBA: Players that bellyache when they don't get a call (The entire Knicks team) Players that get calls if you breathe too heavy on them (Lebron, Durant) Players that think they're playing street ball (Cousins, Artest) Players that constantly use the "N" word (Boston Celtics team)  The NBA needs to clean up it's act, just making someone wear a suit doesn't make a bit of difference...
EnigmaBlack::Yeah the thing is... I am a Knicks fan... And I also think Lebron is the best player in the league. Still it is what it is.
sportsreality::So well put.  You get the vote of almost every NBA fan that doesn't pull for the Knicks, Heat, or Thunder.
moosiphoosus::Doubt it
Bigwest84::i miss the days of velour suits, big a$$ chains, and Jacob watches on players......
Greygoose crew::Welcome to LA or Miami for Cousins real soon
moosiphoosus::Where can I sign up for those two places
Marek7476::Cousins is a clown and should be amnestied. That'd teach him
tribeguy216::Cousins and artest should just go to detroit and bring back the bad boys of the old days not saying its right just that detroit is about the only place they'll stand for that type of play
truthhurts2884::Seattleites will not cheer for Cousins--they don't have high tolerance for young immature blacks.
truthhurts2884::Kings CAN'T move to Seattle because Seattleites hate immature black headcases like Cousins. It will not be a good fit.
USAKnicksfan::Metta World Peace and Demarcus Cousins should not be in the NBA. That is just my opinion. The league would be safer.
USAKnicksfan::Cousins and Metta World Peace should not be in the league. That's just my opinion.
EnigmaBlack::I think one word describes Cousins perfectly... "bum". They need to void his contract and give that money to someone more deserving.
rickdogaho::Cousins is a dirty nag. Always with the bad attitude and general naggardom.
sadfdsf8532::man! stupid little white boy! grumble grumble  -demarcus cousins
_Pippen aint easy_::Demarcus Cousins = the next Derrick Coleman
USAKnicksfan::Don't insult D. Coleman!
USAKnicksfan::Don't insult D. Coleman!
yc525::If Ibaka did not get suspended for the Blake nut shot, Cousins better not be
EnigmaBlack::He should be suspended, it's called being a repeat offender. If the NBA is serious about it's image they need to levy suspensions for guys like this that increase with every incident.
zachsim::how can you stand up for a dirty thug like Cousins? That's truly remarkable!!
PedroPark::he's a future 30 for 30 episode.  nuff said.
The overrated myth named Kobe::I can't believe I am saying this, but I feel that Cousins got messed over here
moosiphoosus::All the white guys don't
hazmatsuits::Definitely not defending Cousins' immaturity but it's amazing to me how people are so quick to #### on him. Personally, I see the fact that a 22-year-old on a $4 million salary is still passionate about the game as a good thing. I'd much rather have someone like DeMarcus than a guy like Bynum who doesn't care about anything but his paycheck. Kid's got some growing to do but most players his age on that salary (on a losing team) wouldn't care about the game at all, they'd care about the after party.
jjoripzone::Million dollar talent, 10 cent head
royalblue4life::Cousins is going to end up on an episode of America's Most Wanted before it's all said and done.
PhatmanXL::The guy does nothing off the court wrong. He's generally a really nice kid off of it but can't control himself on it.
The AnomaIy::Yeah that wasnt racist.
Billy 630::That wasn't. The guy is bad news. You taking that as being because he is black is more racist.
helmsey::I didn't seethe Cousins' elbow but I'm pretty confident that he deserved an ejection knowing his lack of self control.
apr1989::fredette's career arc is going to follow jj reddick's I think. Develop for the first few years in a system where he's not appreciated. Finally start to earn respect with games like this while he improves his defense and then become a strong role player on a good team
the1brisisk::I watched the Kings play the Nuggets last week.  Cousins got one tech in that game, but he could have easily been called for four.  The guy got upset early, and played the rest of the game completely unhinged.  He has zero self-control, and it's only a matter of time before he earns Kermit Washington infamy.
ToTheTop55::Been betting with a system for sports bets named SportsBettingStar.  Ive made over $3,000 a month for 3 straight months now since I found out about this system.  You can find this system on the first page of Google by looking up Sports Betting Systems.
Milwaukee Bucks...::dunleavy was just trying to box out
PhatmanXL::looked like he was trying to undercut Cousins....could see the elbow coming a mile away...Dunleavy ran at Cousins full speed and tried to get into him on the screen...smart move/Cousins bit/threw the elbow/got ejected/Bucks won.   The Bucks had zero defense of Cousins on the floor and knew he was headed for a 40 point night. This was brilliant gamesmanship by Dunleavy. Smart should have pulled Cousins to cool off.
ToTheTop55::I have bet with a system called Sportsbettingstar. Since I started I make roughly $3,000 a month in profit by following this systems picks. You can find this system on the 1st page of Google by searching for Sports Betting Systems.  Posting this for anyone out there that’s tired of not winning their bets.
Jun360::I want this guy try elbowing Zbo in Memphis , lets see what happens !!!
PhatmanXL::No you don't
milwaukeemonster2::i dont think cousins did enough to get ejected...that was weak
PhatmanXL::20 years ago, it would have just been another foul...the NBA has gotten very soft
giguanarayg::DeMarcus Cousins must be a hell of a player to still be with the NBA after ALL of this crap that he pulls.
PhatmanXL::Cousins needs veteran leadership around him that he has never had...he needs a guy who can challenge him in practice and punch him out if needed...he doesn't get how the league works right now and his reputation puts him in the hole every game with officials. The other teams know this and take advantage of it and he takes a serious pounding every night. Players trying to egg him into responding: he doesn't most of the time but when he does, refs tend to overreact. I have seen enough nonsense up close at King's games to tell you that he doesn't complain have as much as a lot of players who never get technicals (also based on rep).
DjangoTheHNIC::Cmon...Cousins hasnt hit nowhere close to the Rodman/Artest zone...YET. I'm glad he keeps showing his true colors, hopefully all of these issues with him will make my Mavericks think twice about this dude. Hes good and all, upside also..bet his attitude is gonna be an issue for the next 5-6 seasons until he matures into the league.   I'd love for Avery Johnson to be his coach, I think it'd be the next greatest duo since Spreewell &amp; Carlisimo.
milwaukeemonster2::he is...
bcbunley89::DeMarcus Cousins= JaMarcus Russell of basketball.  All the talent in the world, but the attitude will ultimately alter everyone's view of you from talented to bust
moosiphoosus::doubt it
Big_los07::Russell was NEVER talented lol.
200175716::I let me get thi straight. Jimmer has 14 points and goes 5/6, and only play for 9 minutes...
gw687::@bcbunley89, valid argument, if anyone Keith Smart plays ever played any defense.  IT?  Are you joking?  I watched IT, one of the quickest guards in the league, get smoked by Andre Miller, maybe the slowest guy in the league.  Cousins, Evans, none of them play any semblance of defense.  Last night Gustavo Ayon drove into the lane in the second and Demarcus literally stood, turned to the side, and watched Ayon jump by him for the easy floater.  So, to you I would say than why not play the guy with the hot hand on a given night, Fredette last night.  Defense is atrocious regardless of who is on the court.
benswann22::last time i checked nobody on the kings plays defense...thats why they allow 105 a game....may as well let a guy that can shoot play even if he doesnt play D
bcbunley89::Thats what happens when you can barely guard Derek Fisher.....much less Brandon Jennings or Monta Ellis
Charley Varrick::Fire this racist coach. Fredette can play and shoot. Fire the idiot GM too!
Michael137052::They're moving.
jlcougar72::Tonight Jimmer had 14 points in 9 minutes. Only missed one shot all night (besides a purposeful missed free throw) and had two "And-1"s. 11 of his points were late in the fourth quarter when Smart finally put him in to try and rally the Kings from behind, which he nearly did.
jimmersstuckinablackhole::he's blind to jimmers stellar play for some reason.... maybe race.. maybe smart hates mormons... but he doesnt leave jimmer on the bench for basketball reasons..... thats for sure
razzledazzletj81::He did not get put in to rally. He got put in for what was meant to be garbage PT. Jimmer just happened to turn it into a rally with Evans and Aldridge(sp) helping, too.
jlcougar72::Well whether or not Smart knew Jimmer would rally or if he really is as stupid as he seems and was just giving up, he put Fredette in. Jimmer was the best player for the Kings in the fourth quarter, when they were down, so he gets the credit for the rally. At least in my book. I sure hope he gets traded.
j_erick11::This isn't the only game that Jimmer has been on the floor for rallies like this and of course he had help, it's a team game and the team has played well with him on the floor down the stretch. You would think Coach Smart would notice that and let him play more. The whole team is messed up with the coaching situation though, not just Jimmer. We'll just have to ride it out and see who they hire in the off season and which players stay and go.
-----Milwaukee Bucks-----::The Bucks are on fire now. Hopefully they can move up a couple seeds and make some noise in the playoffs.
TCIIIyeee::Bucks only 2 games out of 5th place...so they can move up
IlyaKol::They have to avoid Miami at all costs. Miami in the playoffs, locked in and ready for the 'real' season will wipe the floor with them.
Fresh Fins Of Bel-Air::lol i didnt say u all had too comment lmao...
HornyHusky::"The starting line-up for your SEATTLE SUUUUUUUUUUUPERSONICS!!!!!"
rondoeee::dafuq?
Dwyane Wade flops more than Magikarp::?
Ive Fallen And I STILL Cant Get Up -Dwyane Wade:::/
byufan1993::Jimmer! Isiah Thomas scored the same amount of points in over three times as many minutes and with ten more shots than Jimmer... And Fredette purposely missed one of his free throws. Hmmm.... Save Jimmer!
jimmersstuckinablackhole::its gone from free to save jimmer lol we r getting desperate...
Charley Varrick::Smart is a stupid bigot.
LebronWishesHeHadBillRusselsPedigree::So anyone want to actually talk about bball?
LebronWishesHeHadBillRusselsPedigree::Jerry Bruckheimer is interested in buying the Sacramento Kings. Luckily his experience directing Pearl Harbor has prepared him well for epic disasters.
-----Milwaukee Bucks-----::Michael Bay directed Pearl Harbor.
I like the Packers::I think it is time also, stupid class in the morn....
Ive Fallen And I STILL Cant Get Up -Dwyane Wade::gn
BABY IGGY..NOAH DOMINATES ALL POST DEFENDERS::I'm out, gn,  your links stay on point Teethmold, and you the best packer fan "I like the Packers"
Flyguys623_::peace iggy
BABY IGGY..NOAH DOMINATES ALL POST DEFENDERS::Peace fly
teethmold says.::Later bro
BABY IGGY..NOAH DOMINATES ALL POST DEFENDERS::Later teeth
Ive Fallen And I STILL Cant Get Up -Dwyane Wade::gn
BABY IGGY..NOAH DOMINATES ALL POST DEFENDERS::Gn boogie
teethmold says.::Time to take my talents to xhamster.com! :) Goodnight fellow C's fans, and goodnight to everyone else!!
Dwyane Wade flops more than Magikarp::Later bro
Ive Fallen And I STILL Cant Get Up -Dwyane Wade::gn
Dwyane Wade flops more than Magikarp::no class rlathdus
Fresh Fins Of Bel-Air::she acts like everyday is Sunday..#NoClass
Dwyane Wade flops more than Magikarp::people have no shame these days smh
I like the Packers::I got one more haha this is a fav of mine.... A little girl cuts her hand on the playground and runs crying to the teacher. She asks the teacher for a glass of cider.  "Why do you want a glass of cider?" the teacher asks.  "To take away the pain," sobs the little girl.  "What do you mean?" the teacher asks.  "Well," sobs the little girl. "I overheard my big sister say that whenever she has a p.rick in her hand, she can't wait to get it in cider."
teethmold says.::
