tungcn2010::Patrick Beverly is going to take over Toney Douglas' minutes.
rEdBuLxTaSy::TD SEEMS TO BE A GOOD KID AND ALL BUT THE GUY IS CERTAINLY NOT PG MATERIAL.  HE DOESN'T KNOW HOW TO CREATE FOR THE TEAM AND IS A STREAKY SHOOTER.  HE'S BETTER OFF NOT PLAYING THE POINT.:):):)
nbafanatic69::Wow, I usually come on here and hammer Lin but Harden, WTF.  5 for 23?  Seriously?  SMH.
rEdBuLxTaSy::FOR REALZ, HARDEN NEEDS TO LOWER HIS EGO AND LEARN HOW TO PASS THE BALL WHEN HE'S SHOOTING BRICKS AFTER BRICKS.  I GOTTA GIVE HIM HUGH CREDIT BUT SERIOUSLY THE KID IS CRAZY IF HE THINKS HE'S THE SOLE SAVIOR OF THE TEAM IN EVERY GAME. :):):)
Dawan208::Why do you hammer Lin?  Are you sweet on him?
112CST112::I am from Canada and I am a huge Jeremy Lin Fan.  I bought League Pass this year just so I could watch the Rockets play.  With that said, I think Jeremy Lin is a good/great player but Harden is currently the go to guy on this team.  He has played well and the reasons the Rockets are having such a hard time winning lately is that all the Teams have adjusted the defense to shut down Harden by double teaming him and shutting down the driving lane.  A lot of offense is also generated by Harden from the Foul Line.  I think in the latest losing streak, the refs have sorta put their whistle in their pocket and stopped giving Harden the call every time he drives down the lane.  I do think Harden gets a lot of calls that most players do not get when they drive the lane and it appears the refs lately have just let them play on which I don't necessarily disagree with.  When teams shut down Harden, there really isn't another reliable option for the Rockets. Jeremy Lin needs spacing to drive, and his shot is horrible this year.  Asik is good but his offensive skills aren't complete yet to be to go to guy at the end of games like a Dirk.  Rockets had a chance to tie and it was in the hands of Harden late in the game and I don't have an issue with that.  You want your main guy that has been carrying the team to win or lose the game.  I lot of people are complaining that Harden took too many shots (especially those Jeremy Lin Supporters that just tend to bash everyone and think Lin is a God) but I have seen games where Harden is having a bad game and then he takes control and starts making 3 pointers and layups to win the game.  So it is hard to just say, I am cold tonight and to defer to someone else because he is the heart and soul of the team.  Harden is not a selfish player and people should stop bashing him that way.  Teams have just adjusted to the Rockets Offense and now it is time for the Rockets to adjust.  Jeremy Lin needs to develop a mid-range jumper and to start shooting better from 3 points.  I think this is the biggest problem with the team right now.  Lin is currently only a threat 6 inches from the Hoop and pretty much all good point guards have decent perimeter shooting.  People bash Lin being bad defensively and he is really an excellent defender.  I hate when people compare point guard vs point guard directly just by looking at the box score.  Nobody can guard a point guard in this league by themselves.  The point guards are the stars of this league and the talents keeps getting better and better and they are impossible to guard one on one.  it is always about help defense when defending point guards.     The Rockets
saying::Same here, y'all.
rEdBuLxTaSy::SPOKEN LIKE A TRUE FAN, UNLIKE MOST OF THE OBSESSED LIN HATERS.  LIN ISN'T AS BAD AS PEOPLE PUT HIM OUT TO BE AND ALL HE NEEDS IS TO IMPROVE ON HIS MID / LONG RANGE JUMPERS, THEN HE COULD EASILY BE A TOP 15 PG.  LIKEWISE, HARDEN ISN'T AS BIG OF A BALLHOG AS PEOPLE PUT HIM OUT TO BE.  IF ONLY HARDEN COULD PUT AS MUCH EFFORT ON DEFENSE AS HE PUTS ON OFFENSE, HE'LL BE SCARY. :):):)
Dawan208::Well said!!!
rastlin33::Harden is the best player on the Rockets and a top 10 player in the league but last night he should of had the smarts to stop chucking the ball and focus on play making than hero ball.  That's the difference between a good player and a player that makes their team a winner.  I hate Lebron but he's a stellar team player that focuses on the win than his personal ambitions.  Then again, it took him a while to learn that.
AllInForLife1984::Ive been using this online betting system called SportsBettingStar for the last 2 months now, and Ive profited about 3K per month just following it.
Ron Erick::reremy rin need to hit those clutch freethrows
Davy0715::Racism violation reported.
rEdBuLxTaSy::HE'S SHOOTING 80% FROM THE LINE SO YOU'RE JUST A TROLL LOOKING FOR ATTENTION.  NOW GO AWAY FATTIE :):):)
thyshakes::Well.  This is kinda what I expected.  This team is tired.  Most of the Rockets starter never played this many minutes before this season.  When you get tired, you start missing free throws, shots that you usually make, and turn the ball over more especially for a young team.  In addition, they are going thru the toughest part of the schedule right now and they are half way thru it.  Rockets will bounce  back and this is probably good for them as long as no one gets injured.  Not sure who makes up schedule in the nba but they didn't do a very good job this year.
112CST112::Being tired may have a little bit to do with the losing streak but I think it has to do mostly with Teams shutting down the fast breaks and then team defenses keyed on shutting down Harden.  Mix that with refs not giving the automatic call for Harden every time he drives now.   Teams have adjusted to Rockets main offensive weapon, now the Rockets need to adjust to score in other ways.
Dawan208::Wow  a 6'6 Delphino guarding a 7' foot Nowitzki in crunch time is unreal.   That's why D-Mo should be playing!!!!
Jeremy Lin Megatron::Nice shooting Harden!  LOSER! :(
Dirk2XMVP::Dirk is back to his 4th quarter dominance. Mavs will make the playoffs for the 13th straight time since 2000. I have no doubts. go Mavs
Mott the Hoop::It's about wins. When a great player like Harden is struggling, he needs to switch gears and help his team mates in other ways beside scoring. Not a superstar unless he learns this.
rEdBuLxTaSy::THAT'S THE ONE THING HARDEN NEEDS TO LEARN HOW TO DO IF HE WANTS TO CARRY THIS TEAM DEEP INTO THE PLAYOFFS.  JUST BECAUSE YOU'RE THE FACE OF THE FRANCHISE, DOESN'T MEAN YOU KEEP JACKING BRICKS AFTER BRICKS.  ON A COLD NIGHT, HE NEEDS TO LEARN HOW TO SHIFT GEAR AND PASS THE BALL AROUND TO SHAKE UP THE OFFENSE AND THROW OFF THE DEFENSE. :):):)
Tamatoa0963::Dirk's a super star and there's nothing he can do exept scoring.
SkinsCapsOsMavsTerps::And who picks up the slack?
Hells Kitchen 666::All hail the king. Now time to smash the pretenders In flaker land
Denzel7587::I have already pointed this out in the Rockets 3rd game this season. Harden is a liability to the Rockets, much like Carmelo was for the Knicks last season. Players who act as ballhogs and usurp other players' role (such as Lin's PG role) are bound to score more, but produce less victories for the team. Enough of this superstar-driven basketball. Blue-collar, fluid team basketball desired by lin is the Rockets' best play. Too sad, he's not being given substantial opportunity to play the excellent PG that he is.
kingbears321::5 of 23?? Dude was just chuckin the ball!  Harden may have some good games but I'm starting to see him as a ball hog just from his stats.
basket_guru::what a bad shooting night for both teams. Mayo, Carter, Harden - wow... i can understand, that Rockets played back-to-back games, but Mavs?... bad game for both teams, but it's good, that Mavs won. i hope friday agains OKC will be much better.
earlealston::THIS should be the 20-loss team "on the radar". Not that overrated, overhyped Fakeshow.
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::What a weird thing to complain about lol
february1088::Damn, Harden 5 for 23? Wow............
Beardlikeharden::mayo shot 3/14 didnt he? and he has dirk so witout dirk it would of probly been a 5/20 kind of game? mayo missed alot of big shots down the stretch.
Beardlikeharden::Mayo hasnt owned harden the mavs have the better team harden had 38 pts and mayo had 40 pts they dont even put mayo on harden like wtf is this mayo Harden $@%! look how much better harden is with his stats.
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::The Mavs are below .500, The Rockets are above it. The Mavs do not have a better team.
SkinsCapsOsMavsTerps::The Mavs without Dirk Nowitzki for a majority of the season.  Teams change when they get their All-Star back.
I3UTTON::Mayo &gt; Harden
batpeeps::fried babies&gt;fried hos  - james harden
FreeFryRicewithEggRorr::^serial killer
FreeFryRicewithEggRorr::Fried puppy&gt;white hos -Jeremy Lin
FreeFryRicewithEggRorr::White hos&gt;fried chicken -James Harden
Nowitzki.::Harden's girlfriend believes she is giving a birth every time Harden goes down on her
Ina_Knick_of_Time::every joke attached to this comment is lame. Nerds
Nowitzki.::u mad cuz u dont get it. u have never gotten it
batpeeps::i dont get it
Nowitzki.::haha
FreeFryRicewithEggRorr::You don't "get it" Why am I not surprised. You have never gotten "it" in your life, not even from desperate fat girls.
The Sports Pope::James Harden is the best 2 guard besides Kobe as of right now..
Nowitzki.::Mayo has owned him twice this season..just sayin
SkinsCapsOsMavsTerps::He isn't better than Harden though.
FreeFryRicewithEggRorr::Harden's beard is full of blonde pubes.
FreeFryRicewithEggRorr::Lin stuffs his fortune cookies with haikus cuz he went to Harvard.
Ina_Knick_of_Time::Take a nap bro that was probably the worst joke. N E R D  A L E R T
Nowitzki.::"Jeremy have you seen my cat?" -Kevin McHale
Ina_Knick_of_Time::wtf you guys are so lame its unreal. Seriously "Lin: What cat? (with a sly look on his face)" you really thought that was funny?
FreeFryRicewithEggRorr::Lin: What cat? (with a sly look on his face)
Nowitzki.::and McHale gives him the death-stare
FreeFryRicewithEggRorr::Lin: Dad, I want to play pro basketball! Dad: You not black. You suck, too.
Jason Stone Lee::you said so because you dad said it to you always.
FreeFryRicewithEggRorr::Lin sells fried puppy out of the trunk of his scion.
Ina_Knick_of_Time::He drives a Volvo dumb $@%.
Swish3And1::Nah... he sold it and got a Prius. :-D
DangeRus2012::you eat watermelon and fried chicken for snack....fat boy hahahaha
FreeFryRicewithEggRorr::I eat eggrorrs
FreeFryRicewithEggRorr::Harden sells bootleg watermelon in the parking lot after every game.
batpeeps::harden sells crack in his momma's bedroom
FreeFryRicewithEggRorr::Lin sells bootleg dvds in the parking lot after every game.
FreeFryRicewithEggRorr::Lin: Dad, I'm the starting guard for the Houston Rockets! Dad: You no doctah, you disgrace!
FreeFryRicewithEggRorr::Right now Lin is writing creative fortunes for fortune cookies.
batpeeps::harden needs to clean his beard every day cause it always gets filled with fried chicken crumbs from kfc
Dawan208::...
chrisausten1203::Give the Rockets boys some time. They are just inexperienced and are learning by playing. Stop bashing either Harden or Lin. The team needs both of them to win.
batpeeps::harden should retire from basketball and sell watermelon on the roadside.
Dawan208::...
batpeeps::ask your watermomma
FreeFryRicewithEggRorr::There are regular melons and there is watermelon but no waterapple or waterorange or waterplum. Why is that?
batpeeps::go to bed if youre tired
FreeFryRicewithEggRorr::Lin should retire from basketball and become a short order cook at a Chinese take out restaurant.
coach41::And you can go clean the dishes since they always hire illegal immigrants to work there.
saying::You should retire and become a sport commentator.
Dawan208::Yawn.  Got any thing better?
FreeFryRicewithEggRorr::Why is there a breakfast burrito but no breakfast eggroll?
Hondo Kid::Mavs continue winning streak vs rocket.  Rockets gotta find a way to win especially at home.
WOOPZZZ::most talented superstars are ballhogs. nothing wrong with that as long as your team wins. if not, then there's something wrong with being a ball hog sometimes
joah5454_3::LeBron recorded his 5000th assist tonight
sagematic::Except not fun to watch
sportsfan1014::Durant? Lebron?
Beardlikeharden::Harden has potential to be a hall of famer and a top 50 player hes only 23 and this is his first year being a first option put your head up houston the future is bright.
sagematic::Harden has talent, that's indisputable.  He's also a ball hog.
joah5454_3::He's a pick&amp;roll ball handler. Of course he's going to need to ball in his hands to run the offense
WOOPZZZ::OK HARDEN'S MOM
Beardlikeharden::OK lemme state the real problems with these teams rockets need a go to guy off the bench aka a 2nd option they need a all around pf and asik has not played well lately.
WOOPZZZ::I KNEW YOU'D BE BACK!! NEVER DOUBT THE BEARD!!
Beardlikeharden::gone harden is the future of this team and a future legend in houston and lin fans no in there heart that im right!
dallasmavs258::I don't think the Mavs are back for sure until Dirk has that breakthrough 35-40 point game
5856Rach::Rockets' chemistry needs improvement........ because...   Patrick seldom passes to Lin,  Harden sometimes passes to Lin, Chandler passes to Lin, Harden likes to pass to Chandler. Lin passes to whoever...  You will notice the pattern......
sagematic::I noticed that Patrick rarely passes to lin and harden and chandler like to pass the ball to each other, but not to others.
AbdulSaheed1981::Mchale better notice this and fix it. Selective ball distribution will not take them to anywhere. But to nowhere.
AbdulSaheed1981::Yup, I noticed that. Patrick seldom passes to LIn and Harden's assist comes by passing to Parsons or Patterson.   Lin passes to whoever.
AbdulSaheed1981::Harden 5/23. that shows how selfish this guy is. If I am having a bad night, I would let my other team mate shoot the ball. But this guy will shoot at will without giving a fu ck to bring his stat high.  that is 32 pts that Rockets could have gained if used wisely.  23-5 = 18positions. 18x2pts =32pts.  That is 32pts Harden fu cked up for the Rockets. ball hog pathetic selfish beard mofo
fred3857::Harden missed more than 5 easy lay-up at 4th qtr that cost a win.
AbdulSaheed1981::my bad. 36pts. 36pts Harden fu cked up for the Rockets.
WOOPZZZ::i have no problem with harden shooting all the time as long as he makes them and he had most games. but on nights when he's not shooting well like tonight then he needs to think of new strategies and create plays for his other teammates so the team can win. all im sayin. peace.
sportsfan1014::why those Rockets just can't beat their nieghbors? 0-6 vs the Mavs, Spurs, &amp; Thunder this year..
Skatingseveneleven::they are good friends
Beardlikeharden::never coming on this boards again If anyone recorder the game watch the 3rd quarter harden was just looking to pass the whole game but whatever done im out.
sportsfan1014::didn't you watch the game? coach Sampson said during the helftime that Rockets will not many play for Harden in the second helf, because he is ice cold tonight..
WOOPZZZ::ok see ya next game same time same board!
AbdulSaheed1981::5/23. that is one ball hogging offense. This guy wont give a fu ck if he's having a bad night. He will soot at will.  that is 18 positions that could have gone in Rockets way. 18x2 = 32 pts.   23-5= 18. 18positions. 18x2pts = 32pts.  Rockets could have gained 32 pts. if used wisely. that is 32pts. Harden fu cked up for the Rockets.   fuc king ball hog.
WOOPZZZ::18 X 2 = 36 NOT 32 POINTS. YOU WATCH TOO MUCH BBALL, DONT DO ENOUGH MATH
Beardlikeharden::haha k done 7 assists average 5 over the last 2 months lol.
