fred::Houston is winning with team ball now, Both Lin and Beverly seems to be happy and not complaining as long as Rox win, why are there so many fans fighting for their individual glory ? individual don't make a championship, team ball does, I'm happy Houston players are buying into a team 1st attitude.
Blue::Love watching Casspi's game, he's got really solid fundamentals. He doesn't have Parsons' intangibles (swagger, leadership, fearlessness and clutch), but he seems to be just as athletic and skilled - not a closer, but definitely needs more minutes than 22 a game.
snake::Guess I'm the only one who noticed Dave Jerker sitting on his #$%$ leaving his bench on he floor while the 14 point lead disappeared. This guy is one of the worst coaches in league history. The Grizz finally become respectable and have to suffer meddling new ownership firing a very good coach (Hollins) for the weenie Jerker.
youngboy1606::I am so happy the Astros owner is filling a suit against Comcast. I hope he get out of the triad and signs a contract to show the Astros on their own terms. This would leave the Dynamo and Rockets in a horrible position to likely abandon this awful experiment and go it on their own also.  So I can FINALLY see the damn Rockets play again.
The Sports Authority::Here's a game Houston has no business being in and they're a run away from making it interesting. Need to make a move tho.
Outsider looking in::Dot, Vincent, DaQueen are some of the biggest #$%$ I have ever seen here. Their IQs are obviously a direct reflect of their age. Useless comments, especially from the Dot guy.  Well what can you do with a small A hole like that, to small to fit my big rod. Pathetic! Where did Mike and Jamison go? Probably agonizing over the Knicks board?
Ray::Kudos JLin, he is solid will win 6th man of the year award hands down. Outstanding performance he's making all doubters eat crow including me.
D. Darqwon::6 assists for Conley already. Only 2 for the Rockets (Howard 1, Asik 1)
MichelleD::I would be interested to see what is the percentage the team wins when Harden is not playing a game.   There appears to be much better ball distribution and points by everyone when he is out of the game. And, they seem to be a better defensive team when Harden is not playing. Is this my imagination or is this what others are seeing?
D. Darqwon::Wow. My boys are really missing James Harden tonight. Fortunately there's still one half left for someone to step up.  And turnovers are STILL an issue.
