Randy Ragsdale::A game of this magnitude should be a classic basketball game. I seriously want to see a competitive basketball game between these two franchises tonight, but the Spurs don't like competitive basketball games. They've mastered the art of blowing teams out.
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::not sure if trolling or if serious????
Mike Wagener::it was A COMPLIMENT
Jason Walls::LETS GO MAVS!!!
Rolando Mercado::Mavericks need to trade for Asik! Then in the offseason go after deng, these two moves will improve the mavericks defense drastically. I feel like the mavericks constantly add players that focus on their offense, but rarely add defensive pieces. The one time they did add a defensive minded player, they ended up with the NBA championship.
Fjodor Balla::Kidd? Marion? Stevenson? Butler? Mavs have been surrounding Dirk with premier defenders since many years now
Larry Brown::Fjodor Balla ......Stevenson and Butler for like a year and a half, and Butler missed nearly a  whole year to injury. Stevenson was let go just when he was proving to be our best one-on-one defender and Kidd........in his hay-day he was decent. Always led the world in steals but has never been a defensive stalwart by any stretch of the imagination, especially in his last few seasons. Marion has always been not only one of my favorites but one of the better defenders in the league. He has had a solid season for a veteran his age too. Should have kept Chandler and Stevenson imo ,and I believe we wouldn't be having this conversation. But it's gonna take more than a good defensive player or two, it's gonna take a team committed to the process and a team having the time in a proven system to develop a defensive mentality. The Mavs had it all in place for one season and they got a ring. Since then, they have been a rotating door of players and a mish-mash of talent. They need a play-maker at Center to anchor the middle and another proven PF who can drive, rebound and score inside, someone who can create his own shot. Obviously they don't grow on trees. Cuban needs to rebuild this group from the bottom up as well as changing the jump shooting mentality that has plagued this franchise for years.
Jeremy Lugo::Mavs no match for the Spurs! Great win! GOOOO!!!!! SPURS!!!!! GOOOOO!!!!!
Jerry Caliendo::Go Spurs Go! Lets beat down the little brother of Texas basketball tonight.
Remy MacDonald::The last time the Spurs won championship was...?
Jerry Caliendo::Remy MacDonald, Doesn't matter. 4-1.
Remy MacDonald::Jerry Caliendo And they haven't won one since 2007. Noone cares what happened 7 years ago
Mark Hawkins::Another Crushing Blow for the Mavs tonight.....
Chris Tobolka::should have never let Tyson Chandler go
Kevin Tobolka::Totally agree. Dirk gave up 60 Million just to bring Tyson to the Mavs. Tyson himself chose to go to another team for even bigger $$$.  He was in it for the $$$. Not the team.  But, I have never ever seen a team owner destroy a championship team like Mark Cuban did. I still don't get it.
Eric J. Beck::I'm sorry, but the San Antonio Spurs - and I'm not really a fan - may be the greatest team to come down the pike in I-don't-know-hyow-long, but maybe even since Russell's Celtics. Now years after the Lakers have faded and Kobe got his 5th championship, these old farts still OH SO quietly dominate and win. Popovich may be one of the top three or four coaches of all time, period. The only reason this team doesn't have 3-4 more championships is very untimely injuries. But every other component of a perennial champion is there.
Keith Gresham::The only team in Dallas that go and spend money for players that can help them to win now are the Rangers! Cowboys and Mavericks have owners who are good business men but suck at running their organizations!
Robert Reno::Keith Gresham--u hit the nail on the head...I cant believe the similiarities between the Mavs and the Cowboys...these teams are hard to watch sometimes,but I will never switch allegiance to any other teams
Jason Walls::Spurs are obvious favorites in this one especially with Marion out. Mavs got to play high energy high efficiency team ball ALL game to have a chance tonight. Lets go MAVS!
Jerry Caliendo::They would have been obvious favorites even with Marion playing.
Jason Walls::That's what I said homer Jerry. And ESPECIALLY with Marion out
Jerry Caliendo::Jason Walls, I realized that I read it incorrectly after I posted my comment. LOL. Didn't want to delete my comment though, that's weaksauce.
Robert Reno::how the hell  do the Spurs have 3 times as many free throws?Every Mavs game this happens they just don't get calls at all,even when they're at home
Michael Tardy::No.they foul alot
Robert Reno::Michael Tardy I understand the Mavs foul a lot,but they don't get the calls that their opponents get...the difference in the game today was the free throw disparity
John Oyer::Robert Reno Well, the Mav's are not playing defense. They just hack at the ball, and react late most of the time. It is from lack of energy which come from an old team.
John Oyer::The Mav's problem is an owner that bet the farm and lost. He has not put a competative team on the floor. Not the way to treat a superstar like Dirk.
Remy MacDonald::Spurs have been unbelievable the past 4 regular seasons and have had the mavs number. I see the spurs beating us but hopefully we keep it close. Go mavs!
Zach Heaton::We shot 35% and got abused on the glass and we're only down 7 at halftime on the road against one of the best teams. Silver linings.
Jared Johnson::You guys took care of the ball really well. 11 turnovers to 2- that's why it's so close
Michael Killebrew::Spurs only shot 42%.
Zach Heaton::Michael Killebrew Looks pretty compared to 35%, haha. Just trying to take some positives of a relatively negative half.
Jeremy Lugo::GOOOOO!!!!! SPURS!!!!! GOOOOO!!!!!
Blair Ritger::I like the Spurs, but they will lose this game because it's on national TV.
Roman  Viktorovich::It's just your one reason for Spurs lose tonight ? Bookmakers make down ratio for Mavericks and I don't understand why.
Jake Pool::Which team doesn't wanna be there more? It's hard to tell
LegitPicks Dot Net::4* Spurs -5 4* Lakers +13.5 4* T'Wolves -7.5
Thomas Hair::Dallas needs a big win. Go Mavs!
Herbert Ward::I guess the Mavs are a legitimate threat after the Knicks game?
Steve Cain::It's the NBA, anything can happen.  I like Spurs in this one, seeing how Marion isn't likely to play.
Jerry Caliendo::Steve Cain Spurs would be favored even if Marion was playing.
Eric Jones::ive been a mavericks fan for over 20 years . mavericks will barely make the playoffs. We dont have a good team . average , but not good . we beat the teams were suppose to beat , but cant beat any teams that are contenders. mark cuban really needs to look back on the huge mistaks he has made. the spurs killed us on boards last night . i feel so sorry for dirk because he shouldnt go out on his career like this.
Robert Reno::This year isn't lost for the Mavs,Bynum is there they need to take a chance with him and sign for whatever it takes.It cant be any worse than its getting.I was always a Carlisle supporter and I still believe he can get the job done,but he needs to play Wright and Blair  more,and Wright should be starting
Michele Renee::Let me guess, the Spurs won because of the FT's. Didn't have anything to do with the 54 missed shots or anything. How about we take away all FT's made by both teams. Hmmmmmmm 89-85 Spurs.
Jared Johnson::Or they were the better team?
Marcleen Bavogui::the other team played an overtime game in memphis. u blew out the lakers at home and they`re running you off the floor already wow mavs
Zach Heaton::7 point game, sir.
Michael Killebrew::I see why Baynes gets little playing time and constantly gets demoted to the D-League, dude looks clumsy AF.
