Donaven Murray::The Media already starting their "I'm tired of giving LeBron the MVP let's give it to Durant" Campaign. Look at NBA page. How has Durant been the "clear" MVP so far?
Greg Jones::Man you know how they do it. Durant is a good scorer, but not the MVP. Lebron leads his team in almost every category. No other player on any team does that. Clear cut to me, but sometimes the media tries to throw hype into it. All to grab attention.
John Pirami::Same thing happened to Michael Jordan when he played. He should have won it practically every year, but the NBA knows they need to mix it up occasionally. Is it right? No, but it seems to be the way they go about the MVP..
Marcleen Bavogui::numbers are better then lebron .. and his carrying his team right now without westbrook. so if lebron doesnt elevate his numbers his not winning mvp this season.
Alan Ogg::so lets do a prediction:  Heat win- haters come in here and say 'oh its just regular season, expected bla bla bla, shoulda been a blowout'  Heat lose- haters come rushing to this board just to say 'lebron sucks, ray allen is 50, bla bla bla, spurs shoulda coulda woulda 2013, thunder 2012 real champs, bla bla bla"
Alan Ogg::i should be a fortune teller
George Miche'l Reynolds::Wait I thought Lebron don't shoot jumpers?? lol
Mickey Hughes::Just like he can't go left  --MJ
George Miche'l Reynolds::Mickey Hughes LOL indeed
Joe Reith::Best shooting season he's ever had this year.
Jabari Akil::LeBron can't shoot huh?
Alan Ogg::so lets do a prediction:  Heat win- haters come in here and say 'oh its just regular season, expected bla bla bla, shoulda been a blowout'  Heat lose- haters come rushing to this board just to say 'lebron sucks, ray allen is 50, bla bla bla, spurs shoulda coulda woulda 2013, thunder 2012 real champs, bla bla bla"  OH BOY WAS I RIGHT!
Joe Reith::Lebron is shooting 40% from 3 pt range, the same as steph curry, who's the best shooter in the league, and nearly 60% from the floor this year. He keeps getting better every season when you think there's nowhere else to improve he astonishes you. Better defender, rebounder, and passer than Durant. Clear cut MVP...again.
Jabari Akil::Another west victim eradicated.
Ayn Bland::Failed flop by the queen.
George Miche'l Reynolds::For someone who is not a Heat fan you sure love watching the Heat and commenting on the Boards
Brandon Tigues::lol talk about flop..lets talk about that flop by durant against the timberwolves..when he collapsed to the floor grabbing his knee
Joe Reith::Failed joke by the bland.
Tanya Rivera::But whos alonzo mourning                     Heat  fans
Kervin Vancol::Is that the best you can come up with? Lame.
Karla Elden::At least they know who Jason Terry:-)
Joe Reith::The only heat jersey I own. Work on your standup. Ish is weak.
Chris Mar::Hoping for Beasely to stay, same with mason jr. But really hope B-Easy stays. Either way, go heat!
James Belandres::lebron makes everything look easy, that's the sign of greatness  even his biggest haters can't sit there and say what he does on a nightly basis isn't remarkable. every other star gets to have off games. if lebron has a bad game the heat lose. plain and simple.
Vascoo Darriel::lebron james he is not great he is worthless nba champion..lebron become a champion because of help of 3 superstar wade bosh allen....he is not the best he is best because of great back up....he is not best he is still losser.lebron james is no match to celtics..LEBRON beat the celtics because there is hope he is side of 2 bosh and wade....lebron beat the celtics is worthless because of contribution of wade and bosh.if lebron vs celtics with out superstar teamate..he is losser never beat the celtics era doc rivers garnet pierce allen rondo...
No Names James::LBJ didn't even play against Portland meaning he had 0 points. Bosh scored 37... LBJ doesn't make or break this team please pull his testicles from your throat.
Mickey Hughes::Vascoo & No Name....Whata pair, The perfect match! Does water seek it's own level or what...LOL and then some!!!
John Osaki Jr.::LeBron James is still the MVP of the NBA. Big-time LeBron fans, check out his awesome chapter in the new book of basketball, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Steve Ungar::Pelicans?  You mean those birds that hang out at the tarpon feeding dock, hoping to steal a scrap here and there?  Hornets sounded like a tougher name.
Steve Broome::That escalated quickly.
Randy Ragsdale::[LEBRON JAMES VOICE] "Rated E for everyone."
Christopher Butler::Lets go PELS!
Daymeon Craig::Let's go N.O
Marcleen Bavogui::you are here .. lmao the pacers are playing the raptors but u are on a heat board pathetic
Daymeon Craig::I'm on all boards check it out before you speak!! You shouldn't be on none of them.
Daymeon Craig::I ain't gotta watch the pacers board we at home  nothing to worry about
Colton Vickers::Let's go PELS!!!
Kervin Vancol::Let's go heat.
Peter Vrouhas::Being a Miami Heat fan for over twenty, even way before the DWade era. I have to admit something, the past few years during the Lebron era has taken away the joy of watching many other teams play. Last year I cancelled my subscription to the NBA League Pass, which would allow me to watch an occasional OKC, Laker, Spurs, Knicks or Celtics game. Unfortunately the joy has gone. Watching all 82 Heat games, then watching them go to the finals, three years in a row has spoiled me as an all around NBA fan.
John Martin::Arrogance thy name is Peter.
Ikenna Nwaghanata::`Anthony Davis plays a career high 41 minutes tonight. Monty Williams needs to play this guy more. He is a beast and can only get better from playing and learning from his mistake. Silly me for thinking this team could make a run at a playoff spot. Maybe next year.
Mang Artemio::heat arre very unpredictable if you play them... you'll never know if it's over/under or if they will cover the line.... if they wake up right they will play defense but most of the time it's a shooting contest in the 1st 3 qrtrs and play defense in the 4th...
Doug Coleman::Its the regular season. Don't bet if you don't have the money to lose. All they care about are wins and not how they get them.
Bryce Morgan::never. bet. on. nba. games.
Steve Broome::Why are you betting on NBA? The officiating impacts results too much. *friendly advice*
Taylor Manes::Why are the heat playing cupcake teams can they please play the bulls or the pacers please...maybe okc or the trail blazers..just saying...
Igor Yank::dont worry. they'll play the pacers in late may. for about 7 games.
Quinton Reuben::Are you saying hey should not follow their schedule?
Jabari Akil::Bulls? They're tanking what would that prove? That would be another "cupcake". And they beat the Pacers and Blazers so what would that prove in the regular season?
Treyvon Carter::Lebron's best games are now coming soon, he's going to most likely run away with mvp trophy but wouldnt be surprise durant get it
Donaven Murray::LeBron finding his rhythm. MVP #5 on the way. Just wait on it.
Vascoo Darriel::lebron is he is not better and great he is wothless player worthless..mvp is worthless...in 1 on 1 lebron is no match to kobe and carmelo no match...kobe and carmelo is always own lebron james is mid range shouting....lebron is no nba champion for now if not join wade and bosh...lebron is weak is weak lebron become a champion they need a contribution of bosh and wade and ray allen..very wothless..and he is not the mvp he is not great he is still losser.period
Joe Reith::@vascoo darriel if you are going to talk smack, try not to sound like a Russian with Down's syndrome.
