jeffcox::Lady's and gentlemen ... introducing the 2012-13 NBA Coach of the Year ... Mark Jackson!
HH69::Go Warriors!
jerryboy760::Hey double, what about the other 5 percent?
doubled84::I actually bet GSW -7.5 and NOH +1.5 at the half so I won both and can't complain, BUT that was some shady $@%!.  Just did some quick research.  That clown Xavier Henry who isn't even in the rotation gets paid 2.3mil and he cant hit those?  Here is his last Free throws... Mar4 Vs Magic 2-2   Feb 27 Vs OKC 5-6   Feb 2 vs Min 2-2.  On the year coming into the game he was  44-53.  Also in a game @ Utah the NOH lost 99-94  Jazz game line was -7 the half score was 49-48NOH the half line was Jazz-5 In the last 2 minutes Henry went 1-4 hitting 1 of 2 and then under 20 sec down 99-94 he was fould and missed both.  The hornets had 80 percent of the half bets that night.  Jazz covered by 1 for the half.. GUESS 2.3 MIL to warm the bench ain't enough.
doubled84::pregame.com/sportsbook Gives you an idea of where the bets are going from 4 Vegas sportsbooks  Major sportsbooks to.  You see a shady game or something shady happen, go check out who was more heavily bet.
alanstlfn::cool story bro
doubled84::Guys I'm just throwing it out there.  I firmly believe 95% of NBA games are legit.  Vegas has Years and Years of experience.  I can tell you what the lines for tomorrow's games will be before they even come out.  I've knd figured out there system.  I was just throwing it out there.  A player who believes he should be paid more or is in financial trouble and lets face it NBA players aren't of the best character they would take mob money.
dwightgooden85::He took his starters out with 1:35 left. So anything can happen with bench players.
Boltznewera::Yup, its just weird how the 2nd half line is actually on target and I really dont know how they call that out...
Mickdellahyjack::And why would he have hit the first FT to get within 10? For all he knows one of his team-mates gets teh ball and jacks up a three. If he was fixing he woudl have left the margin at 11 just in case
dwightgooden85::Stuff happens. I saw Steve Nash miss 2 free throws that almost cost the lakers a win this year. Nash is a lifetime 90 percent free throw shooter. I lost the 2nd half over bet 97.5 on this game. Had 526 dollars riding on it. oh well.
Boltznewera::I actually thought 2nd half GS was good after I saw the score 98-82 GS with 1:35 left, NO actually score 6 straight points w/o GS scoring any points from there.
Mickdellahyjack::Its a great coinspiracy theory but it all presides on teh scores being so close in teh closing stages. Hwo is he going to knwo that it will be so close. And when a fix is in it needs to be guaranteed so all the big bets can go down.  Unless you are saying he gets a signla from soemwhere about what the preferred option is??
jerryboy760::What do you think about gamblers?
Mickdellahyjack::Nice guys when they win
john.finegan23::Good win dubs now need to win in phoenix huge game, well every game now is huge. GOOOO WARRIORS!!!
Mickdellahyjack::Suns are rubbish. Easy win
Boltznewera::This is fukkin fix! I stop betting on NBA because of this!
Robbro19::stop betting halfs then
hoofhearted30::You can't reason with junkies
fuentino::How does a $@%!$@ shooting guard miss 3 ft
Boltznewera::This is brutal, how GS did not cover the 2nd half is beyond me when their up 16 with 1:35 left!
hoofhearted30::no its not - some coaches have respect for each other and avoid running up the score. Just take losing like a man rather than moaning about mythical fixes and crooked refs.
Mickdellahyjack::Thats only 4 points
Mickdellahyjack::Yeah but there are scrub bench players in at the closing stages. Anything can happen. Halway through teh 3rd quarter NO were up 57 on the half
Boltznewera::GS were -1.5 2nd half and that was 5 points with 1:35 left.
Christopher Judge::i had golden state ml 2h ...so $@%!$@% fixed how they didn't cover the 2h spread tho
Boltznewera::yup, dont know why either!
NolaJag::Good game Warriors fans. I'm not complaining about the loss as there's more ping pong balls now.  Hopefully this is a learning experience for Davis. He has played great lately, but struggled tonight.
keycityfl::Wow, that seemed kind of shady...1 minute up 16 points and 6 straight for NO...hhmm
Christopher Judge::i had Golden State Money Line Second Half...can't believe that guy just botched 2 free throws for me, so sick.
jerryboy760::they missed to keep the spread!!  So fixEd!!
Robbro19::still covered^^^^^^^
Mickdellahyjack::Missed 3 straight
BOOKIER666::LOL so fixed misses 3 fts
ihateamateurs::Way to $@%! blow the 2nd half GS....bunch of $@%! iggerrsss
Moski87::It is what it is. Nice try Hornets/Pelicans. We got a lot of growing to do Good Game Warriors fans.
OldManWrigley::Cash the under let's get drinks
doubled84::OKC LOCK of the century tomorrow night.  Spread will prob be OKC-4.5  I will bw putting my new escalade on the OKC moneyline probably be about -180
OldManWrigley::In all seriousness I'm on a 22-4 run right now.
jerryboy760::can you give some pickS?
Damik7501::Just end it already it.
1FortheMoney808::Warriors -7.5...another winner:)
1FortheMoney808::I know lol..but ive been screwed by stuff like that too..so ill take this one haha
Mickdellahyjack::You cashed because they missed 3 x FTs in a row...... lucky
Mickdellahyjack::Not yet
BOOKIER666::NO calls time out r u kidding me u r down by 16 with  less than 2  Must bhe smoking  good weed tonite
SB4LlFE::lol jarret jack always does that
Thesith36::I know huh ! LOL
BOOKIER666::Leave that duche davis in  its goodo for GS
SB4LlFE::bogut!
Thesith36::GAME OVER !!! WARRIORS ! BOOM   !
BOOKIER666::Davis just gave GS 6 pts chump is worst than Dunleavy
LebronJamessssssssss69::HORNEST ARE A PATHETIC JOKE  FIRST TEAM IN LINE FOR CONTRACTION
NolaJag::Dude the hornets beat 3 playoff teams last week. There's plenty of teams that are in tank mode that are worse than them.
hoofhearted30::Like yo' wallet? How much you lose?
Mickdellahyjack::Warriors must be running with the wind. Every team shooting to that basket tonight has one the quarter ????
Mickdellahyjack::won
ihateamateurs::Is GS GOING TO COVER 2nd half??
Mickdellahyjack::What was the line?
Bwoodrow10::feed that man
BOOKIER666::Love it
BOOKIER666::now a Davis turnover
LSUManiacBR::This is like watching LSU basketball...horrible...
BOOKIER666::LOL Davis another foul his family bet on GS
Joeb7853::Lee is shooting lights out tonight and noone wants to give him the ball in the 4th. Are they trying to lose?
Thesith36::Warriors are for real...
Devilownsme::yep, real $@%!
Thesith36::Scoreboard and record... Case and point...
Devilownsme::aaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhakckkackcakckkac..  golden shower...............!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! vomit team
hoofhearted30::Far out man, just lose like a man will you.......
Mickdellahyjack::Are you back???
LSUManiacBR::Vazquez...your not Tony Parker lol
Moski87::Wow. Aminu making step back jump shots? If he is making that shot, then our chances to win increase greatly.
LSUManiacBR::WHAA Aminu making perimeter shots?????
Boltznewera::What happen to curry?
LSUManiacBR::In the offseason we need to get some shooters ASAP
ihateamateurs::Why can't GS pull away?  Why is fat fck Green shooting 3s?
BOOKIER666::NO wont even break 15 pts this qtr and they lose by 15 pts  GS easy fin money
WarriorsWarrior::Go Warriors &amp; Giants!
Moski87::Brian Roberts is the new Jannero Pargo.
JGMerrill::idk whos a bigger scrub Carmelo Anthony or Anthony davis
Mickdellahyjack::Carmelo.....becasue he has a first name for a last name.  Although It's not the people with two first names you have to worry about. Three first names, that's when you need to start worrying. Lee Harvey Oswald, I'm looking at you
Mickdellahyjack::Yes.....like Anthony Robbins
LSUManiacBR::They're both named Anthony so...
JGMerrill::who is worse but they are both hrrible
Joeb7853::Why are all these bench idiots shooting when Lee is on the floor?
Mickdellahyjack::I know! I was just thinking the same thing.  Doesn't matter now. Starters will come in to close this down over the next 3 minutes before Curry picks up his sixth
LSUManiacBR::OMG Roberts!!!! Learn how to shoot when you are WIDE $@%!$@% OPEN
Mickdellahyjack::Here comes Bogut to shut down teh paint
krazb79::GS giving them all the opportunities, but the Hornets just don't want it.
