JVR - Cards::"I'm going to let you all figure that one out. I'm going to stay out of that," Rivers said. "If it was the playoffs I'd tell on him, but since it's not I'm going to just be quiet."  Translation " You be mean again and I'm telling Stern on you Melo you're a bully"  Hey Doc worry about your own head case in Rondo.
nbafanatic69::C's are such pathetic losers, really.  KG scared of Melo, Rondo opts out of playing cuz he's a bit sore, all this hype about overrated Bradley, GTFO.  I hate it when the Knicks lose , but I can't accept it when it's against the freakin' inferior Celtics.
Dwayne_Johnson23::You bi.tch worse than a woman. The Knicks are a joke
Nalu1154::3-1 since Bradley returning. So Knicks can take a seat on the bench cause the best team in the division is back baby.
JVR - Cards::23-11 Knicks? Pathetic? I'd say that about the 17-17 celtics.
chi31fan35::Rondo was suspended. The Celtics are going to have the best d the rest of the year. ESPN just showed the Celtics allow 86.5 points per 100 possessions when Bradley is on the floor this year, when the number 1 d is at 98 per 100. This will even out with time, but they'll still end up with the best d the remainder of the season (as long as Bradley and KG stay healthy.)
_I Am A Celtic_::<b>C's!!!</b>
bostonceltics341::Melo is a baby Go Celtics
oblique15::Marshmellow ran from Nate R http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lbjFBMKcNY4
catplayball2::missed 20 shots!  Sure get him mad.
ynot1825::melo embarrassed on tv..
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::The good news is that I see fewer Knicks fans on the Heat Index, I guess their confidence is waning.
dichdastardly::Danny Ferry is a punk SNITCH...what do you expect from a Duke player
dichdastardly::I know what KG said to Melo.... LaLa Lala Lala Lala lahhhh means I OWN you
dichdastardly::I'll tell you.... That was one of the best games of the season....... And it ended on a loving note... With PP blowing a kiss to the crowd
dichdastardly::KG told Carmelo outside the locker room " yer not worth me wasting my money on you".  SuuuuWeeeeet
mjsanders::Ok. So I see that despite all the growin up StarMelo has supposedly done, he’s still the same lil Baltimore County punk that he’s always been! If he isn’t sucker-punchin a smaller man &amp; then backin up, he’s actin like he’s gonna do something to a bigger man, w/ teammates, coaches, security AND NYPD to hold him back! You see NYK fans, this is NOT what a MVP acts like!    And btw, how’s the Amare experiment workin for the Knicks – 2-2?!? This team is headed for a R2 exit @ best &amp; CryMelo will finish no higher than 5th in the MVP voting!
paulleena12::Just 6 games separate Celtics and Knicks after such a  tumultuous, challenging season for Celtics with the addition of 9 new players.  Well C's win 6 straight, Knicks lose 6 straight and we are tied.  After all C's have started playing defense with energy and intensity and Knick's are not.
nba is the worst::Both 5-5 last 10.  Knicks have had way more injuries than the celts
Every Story Portrays Nonsense::Spike lee is a d bag sucks to be a knick fan with that tool embarrassing the franchise
paulleena12::Bradley on team's 3-game streak: "I'm a piece of the puzzle. I'm going to bring energy and obviously everyone is feeding off my energy."
dichdastardly::Anyone know said to Melo to get him worked up? I do!... LaLa di dadi and KG like to party
paulleena12::Rondo is the only one, besides Doc Rivers, who knows how to run all of the offensive sets for Celtics.
dichdastardly::Yeah... Didn't it seem like everyone was more settle in the roles, more aggressive in their play, more spontaneous without Rondo.... Trading him now is the best thing for both parties. Rondo needs a change of scenery to grow (shoot the ball)
dichdastardly::The ball sticks to Rondos hands too much... Last night was the 1st time this season they  played Celtic/Team ball...and it was NOT. A coincidence Rondo wasnt on the floor.  It was so  REFRESHING
paulleena12::Agreed with what you are saying.
You Reach I Teach::huh?  That doesn't make any sense at all
dichdastardly::Celtic offense is so much better without Rondo.... The ball moves to the open man
dichdastardly::Jeff green and Rondo for RudybGay and Tony Allen
dichdastardly::Rudy Gay makes 16 mill a year... Dang And I thought Rondo was overpaid
dichdastardly::Way overpaid for a guard who hogs the ball,can't shoot and turns it over ad infinitum. All sizzle and no meat.
You Reach I Teach::If you thought Rondo was overpaid, then you're a dumba.ss
----ImaBigFanofSports----::" New York City is under new management! #celticsnation #ownership!  ~Paul Pierce
paulleena12::After giving up 98.1 points a game the first 30 games this season, the Celtics have given up just 86.3 PPG in the past four. The main reason? Bradley.
fairandbalanced00::Doesn't matter what these two teams do. Fact is MIAMI will handle new york in 6 games and boston in 5, leaning towards a sweep though. The new york series should be more fun to watch, boston's aging stars won't be able to keep up with the HEAT.
themantisity::Boston in 5? Really? Boston will tear apart the East !!! Im sorry but Boston is going to the Finals !!!
nba is the worst::Knicks OWN the heat
Syrindge::The Heat and the Knicks shoot way too many threes. Watching those teams is painful. Celtics will beat both in the playoffs.
jahlove1261::Kg is such a little biotch - he hailed a cab instead of meeting Melo at the team bus - what a pu$$y.
dichdastardly::Proves his point
----ImaBigFanofSports----::Its not what the record is, its what the eyeball test tells you about the C's!   They are on the upswing while the P.ricks are on their way down!
nba is the worst::Both 5-5 L10
You Reach I Teach::hahah you're still mad
nba is the worst::So if the C's continue on the pace "since Avery's been back", that's 53-29, 4th seed maybe
You Reach I Teach::You wouldn't be here if you weren't scared.  You don't act like a bi.tch in the cavs boards or the bobcats.  You're here because you're worried, and I don't blame you.  Keep saying 17-17.  If that helps you ignore the facts, then so be it.  Live in your delusional world all you want.  Meanwhile the Celtics are on a roll
jahlove1261::only in Boston is 17-17 legit - what a clown.
You Reach I Teach::Check the record since Avery's been back.  Dry your tears little boy.  The Celts are legit
jahlove1261::17-17 - one and done and that's only if Bynum doesn't comeback for the Sixers or then your sorry squad will be on the outside lookin in.
dichdastardly::The Celtics showed  the Knicks that hockey is back last nite.....
jahlove1261::Let's hope they're better than the Bruins.
dichdastardly::It was so quiet in MSG after Pierce hit that shot over Chandler that you could of heard a mouse p.i.s.s. In a cotton ball
dichdastardly::Bradley gave Mr. Smith stiches KG gave Ms. Anthony stitches  Life just ain't fair sometimes
Boston17rings::KG must be a Christian because the Bible says its best for a man to walk away then to argue with a brawling woman
Boston17rings::24. hours later  Camelo's trying to get KG's cell number to call and scream at him
a617guy::Pierce doesn't need speed with his style.. he's still unguardable unless it's someone like LeBron
nba is the worst::43.5% FG is unguardable?
dichdastardly::Pierce owns MSG... Dang... That's gotta suck for the Knicks.... I mean really... KG is just icing on the cake
dichdastardly::Hey Melo... KG and LaLa... Can you say Honey Nut Cheerios... Heh heh heh
Buttblaster44::Knicks lost the game and the fight !!!!   Hahahaha
dichdastardly::Slam, Bam thank you Ms. Knicks
ynot1825::If Melo thinks he's so tough and wants to fight go join MMA or get jumped into a real gang. The C's will forever own the Knicks and especially Melo after last night. JR can't handle ball pressure and Kidd won't last a game with Avery ball hawking him...It may only be a regular season game in January but the C's ripped out the Knicks heart.....
dichdastardly::Closer than they were three days ago... Especially over quality teams ON THE ROAD
nba is the worst::Seems a bit over the top.  Celtics have a long way to go before they're in the contender conversation this season
papuchi24::you guys (mostly heat haters and knick fans) that want to put carmelo in lebrons category are starting to realize that carmelo is nowhere near lebrons MVP level. It was cute to see  him play like one for a bit but look at his attitude on the court and how his defensive game drops when he cant make a damn basket. Carmelo always will be a one sided player. GO HEAT!!!
jeffery68O3::Before the game knick fans were saying 20 point blowout, some were ever saying 40 point blowout.  How things change when they lose
StevenDanger194::and they are no where to be seen today.
nba is the worst::You're as confused as Jimmy - I'm here, Nique_olajuwon_ewing, Mets-Jets-Knicks, nbafanatic, etc
StevenDanger194::Knicks fans are so fairweather I don't see any knicks fans on here when they lose but when they win it's  like the won the finals.
Jimmy30313::I think Worst is crying as he types
nba is the worst::You seem confused. ;)
jeffery68O3::.    Trolls go back to your miserable lives  ~Lebron James~
nba is the worst::What could be more pathetic than acting like a 3-gm win streak is huge?  smh
ynot1825::everything big starts small..
nba is the worst::Three Games.  LMAO!
nba is the worst::*you're
StevenDanger194::keep trollin bro obviously you have no life if your on here all day trolling every NBA board.
Jimmy30313::Well your mad about it so it must be something
StevenDanger194::looking at the teams they beat.
n1que_olajuwon_ewing::I didnt know the celtics won their 18th ring last night...
StevenDanger194::17 banners &gt; 2
Jimmy30313::No that comes this June
Jimmy30313::No one cares about your numbers
nba is the worst::Ha ha, "hot 3 game win streak".  West teams get 20 and 17-gm win streaks...
Jimmy30313::If I were a Jets fan, Id be hiding
n1que_olajuwon_ewing::u mad?
StevenDanger194::Celtics are on a hot 3 game win streak beating 3 credible team including the over hyped New York Knicks.
Mets-Jets-Knicks19::LMAO
StevenDanger194::umad?
n1que_olajuwon_ewing::u mad bro?
StevenDanger194::we all know if the knicks won by even a point u all would be throwing a parade today.
n1que_olajuwon_ewing::why so serious?
nba is the worst::So is 17-17 better than 23-11?
StevenDanger194::damn dude just pick one team and root for them is that so hard? I been a celtics fan since I was a little kid and went through a lot of bad seasons. It must be nice to switch teams all the time and root for winners.
nba is the worst::Good thing you're not in charge of "the rules of fandom"
StevenDanger194::who's your team dude?
nba is the worst::I answered this below. To repeat, I'm rooting for the Spurs to beat the Knicks in the Finals
StevenDanger194::he's just a bandwagoner.
You Reach I Teach::Yea this is the first time I've really ever seen him stick up for a team this much.  Really going overboard to have the knicks back
StevenDanger194::oh how convenient I couldn't tell cuz he has every nba team as his favorite team.
You Reach I Teach::He's a knicks fan
Jimmy30313::Talk to me in may-june
nbafanatic69::Exactly.  Well put.
Mets-Jets-Knicks19::last time i checked...no
NY State Of Mind19::Man Melo really lost it last night
Jimmy30313::Vintage Melo
StevenDanger194::The Lakers continue to struggle and the Celtics are starting to get better. Life is good.
nbafanatic69::Dirty celtics playing thug ball.  Dopey C fans are so ignorant.  Gtfo with your cr@p.
Jimmy30313::Melo was the only thug in this game
Jimmy30313::Smith was as much to blame for the collision. Keep crying
nba is the worst::Head butting is even illegal in boxing!
Jimmy30313::I cant take any thing you say seriously im sorry
nba is the worst::Bradley
StevenDanger194::Troll alert.
I Bleed CelticGreen::knicks fans, looking forward to the next three games, i still can't believe this was the first meeting
StevenDanger194::and the celtics whooped them can't wait for the next 3 whoopins.
Whathefruit::id be pretty pissed too if i shot 6-26
StevenDanger194::LOL
terryjt1::"Garnett has been doing his thing for years. If it still bothers you, and gets you to react at this point, you should grow up." ~Marcus Camby. Kinda sounds like a dig on Carmello to me.
nbafanatic69::Screw Camby, throwing melo under the bus like that.  Traitor.  Camby's gonna get thrown out soon.
nba is the worst::'Melo called out by both Camby AND Amare' - priceless!
StevenDanger194::Avery Bradley is what the Celtics needed. This team is improving. 3 straight wins against good teams. Liking what I'm seeing.
nba is the worst::C's longest win streak this season: 3 (twice)  Knicks: 6, and then 5...
Jimmy30313::6 games can be made up in a flash. Talk to me in May
nba is the worst::AND 6 games behind in the division
Jimmy30313::And this season the C's are 1-0 vs NY
nba is the worst::Jimmy30313 - 17 &gt; 2. Truth hurts eh? -=-=-  No question.  This season is what's happening now, however
StevenDanger194::the celtics 3 game win streak is active while the knicks are going down hill the celtics are getting better with avery bradley back. But u can continue to troll no one takes you seriously tho.
Jimmy30313::17 &gt; 2. Truth hurts eh?
nba is the worst::Truth hurts, eh?  ;)
StevenDanger194::go to school troll the adults are trying to have a serious conversation about basketball.
terryjt1::Avery Bradley means so much to the Celtics. Jason Kidd could not set up the offense he wanted to set up because of how strong Bradley's D was. Because of this, Carmello didn't get the shots he wanted and had a horrible shooting night. This never would have happened if Rondo was playing Kidd last night.
nba is the worst::Last 10 games:  Boston 5-5 Knicks 5-5  Which team is "going downhill"?
Jimmy30313::Stupid question
Jimmy30313::Wasn't talking about the knicks...
nba is the worst::Half the length of the knicks' longest streak
Jimmy30313::So you can read, well done. Celtics have won 3 in a row.
StevenDanger194::Don't feed the troll.
nba is the worst::What?  L10 is a standard NBA metric, there's a column for it in the standings on every NBA website - try to keep up! http://espn.go.com/nba/standings http://www.nba.com/standings/team_record_comparison/conferenceNew_Std_Div.html
Jimmy30313::All you did was scale up the games until you got to equilibrium, a child could do it
StevenDanger194::dude ur just a troll how can anyone take u seriously look at ur favorite teams.
nba is the worst::why - because it illustrates that 3 games aren't exactly a "trend"?
StevenDanger194::the knicks cuz the celtics have won 3 straight games against good teams.
