lo0o0ong::Lol.. George Karl's face when Dirk made that fade away..
Texasgirl6200::We all know real basketball is played in the West.
AceVenturaMavsCoach::"33 pts 11 rebounds 6 assists and 1 block means your turrible. Dirk your career is over"  Charles Barkley/ dirk haters
netjunkie88::The box score must be wrong. Charles Barkley said Dirk's career was over.
Chuloflow::Knicks to Nuggets: " So how's the Italian Stallion "?
soloartist11::c5a1t3s just owned you noob
c5a1t3s::nuggets to knicks: you got the trade you wanted, and you're still sub .500.... in the EAST
gmskking::Tyson could only manage 11 6 3 in 40 minutes.  I think I could have done better.
jalapeno94::lol he meant ty lawson
Chuloflow::Tyson was clearly a leader and one of the BIG REASON why u guys won last season ...
freakynickell::All hope is lost for the Nuggets, getting thinner.
c5a1t3s::haha yeah dude, knicks are KILLING IT! definitely an elite eastern conference power.
CandySparker::Hola Lotta Love!
COSC55::<b>reDIRKulous<b></b></b>
TheFeedMachine::#FreeJaValeMcGee
Jbecker87654::Play fantasy basketball? Enter the Free $250 ESPN Fantasy Basketball League for Tonight! Pick your free tean now http://games.espn.go.com/frontpage/forums#!/topic/1332240503-54-542
houz537300::Once again, as what I said before,the Nuggets need a superstar such as……wait,did I mention Melo?
houz537300::Once again, as what I said before,the Nuggets need a superstar such as……wait,did I mention Melo?
houz537300::Once again, as what I said before,the Nuggets need a superstar such as……wait,did I mention Melo?
c5a1t3s::i'll take a positive record instead.
diehardnr1::Is Stone and hamilton even on the roster anymore? If Dre is out for a while then Nuggets will definitely need a PG...I like what I have seen from Stone so hope he gets some minutes
diehardnr1::Look on the bright side Nuggets fans....only one more home game before getting rid of the home "ad"....  So why no Wiz Kid minutes tonight?  Thought Karl would have tried him in garbage time...you know,,,the last 20 minutes....  Andre and possibly Gallo injured...great.... Gallo was playing wild and Karl did not recognize it and Dre needs some rest....want to see more of the youngster anyways....  Is it just me or is Big Al a major liability at times?  Seems if he is not hitting his shot or getting the finger roll then he is kinda useless.  I thought WChandler did well and just got tired in second half...hoping he steps up.  Faried was a little too "bouncy" tonight....he really needs to learn to really SET a pick before rolling....and his perimeter D could use some polish.  Why no Bird and so little KK? Koufos seemed to be the only defender that could handle Dirk and he gets 17 minutes??  Karl better get this team together----and soon...or maybe its time for one more change to complete the purge?  I think the Nuggz now lose the tie breaker with every contender in the west...sigh...smh..oh well...  GO NUGGETS!!!
40harrisonbarnes40::why didnt mcgee play? i want to see his dumb mcgee crap with the nuggets lol
b2msbro::Ok i stood by karl for this whole season, but enough's enough.  I think Karl has to go after this season
diehardnr1::starting to agree with this sentiment....  to be fair though, the team is still in flux and everyone unsure of their roles.  I will give GK a few more games to get it figured out....but if Nuggz do not make playoffs or get bounced one and done....then it is time for him to move on
jayeteee::Thanks for saving me the trouble, b2msbro, I couldn't have said it better myself.
b2msbro::Lmao seriously, seems like theres an injury every game.
MFFL_NS_14::I don't blame Karl. He's a good offensive-minded coach. I like the pace that they play with. They have young players and they will play well in the end. Once they kick the injury bug.
MFFL_NS_14::Maybe the athletic trainer too.
gjolley24::Marion's knee better have gotten plenty of rest he will be needing it on Wednsday.................................................LOL!
juicyj2400::nice joke
RED_GOLD_MANNING::NBA fans prove time and time again to be the least knowledgeable fan bases ever.  Beginning of 10/11 season "Heat are gonna suck they have no depth" make it to the finals against Mavs "OMG Heat are only in finals because they have so much talent." FING r T ards.
MFFL_NS_14::Heat fans talking about "knowledgeable fan bases."
MFFL_NS_14::Agreed,  the Knicks one was the most ridiculous for sure.
TMARTSTHENAME81::I didnt bring up the topic I just responded to other comments, a few have been pretty ridiculous tonight I must say
MFFL_NS_14::Not saying that's wrong, but Heat talk kind of doesn't belong on a Mavs/Nuggets board. I would rather have Dirk on my team because he didn't leave. Franchise players are hard to come by in this league. I love that Dwight is sticking it out with his team.
TMARTSTHENAME81::Lebron is better, Lebron is the best player in the NBA period, there is no argument there. I know that fans of their favorite player are going to disagree but it cant be taken seriously. Lebron is the runaway MVP this year, no one is even contending him at this point. Dirk is much more clutch though and anyone would much rather have Dirk on their team in the Finals for sure.
MFFL_NS_14::You've made three comments about Lebron being better than the Defending NBA Finals MVP in a Dallas Mavericks vs. Denver board. You're something.
RED_GOLD_MANNING::i'm not a heat fan.
gary wheatley::I was looking at their remaining schedule, and if Gallo is out for 4 to 6 weeks then the regular season would be over by then
gary wheatley::and it also should be more playing time for Hamilton.  the boy can shoot the rock
gary wheatley::with gallo being out, i hope that means Karl will insert Chandler into the starting lineup instead of big Al
RED_GOLD_MANNING::dirk goes 33 11 and 6, everyone exclaims hes best ever.  lebron averages 28 7 and 7.  S H IT SUCKS
TMARTSTHENAME81::red gold manning your last comment was so bad, if I was you I wouldnt ever admit to making it. I would tell everyone that my account was hacked bc you are braindead
TMARTSTHENAME81::What????? Wade, Lebron, and Bosh. All 3 are multiple time All-Stars, Lebron is the best player in NBA, Wade is top 5 in the NBA, and Bosh is a top 5 PF, easily the most talented team in the entire NBA, and one of the best of all time as far as talent. Ask any NBA analyst and they will gladly tell you the the Heat have the most talent by far, but I cant argue with you bc you are clearly an idiot, and you know what they say about arguing with idiots.
MFFL_NS_14::As long as we agree on one thing tonight: The Clippers are the most overrated team in the league this year....I will be satisfied. lol I mean they haven't had a difficult schedule and they have played 5 less games than most teams in the league.
MFFL_NS_14::That's like me saying Dallas will win the Championship because they did last year. And while I believe in it and sure hope for it, its contrary to popular belief. Durant is my favorite player in the league, but his killer instinct won't come out if he doesn't get as many touches as the PG does. The Bulls are the best all-around team in the league, they just lack the consistency in scoring. Its incredible to see them beat powerhouses without their "only offensive threat" as Skip Bayless calls Rose. Like I said though, 7 games can go any way. I just don't believe in the Heat. They didn't deserve it in 2006 and they won't deserve to Yankee their way into a championship any time.
TMARTSTHENAME81::I will give you OKC they are as good as anyone, but thats it, the Heat smoked the Bulls in the playoffs last year and the Bulls had home court advantage. The Bulls cannot hang with the Heat in a 7 game series. But maybe OKC, with Westbrook, Durant, and Harden and some hard nosed Defense to go along with them.
MFFL_NS_14::Da Bulls. The Heat are great for the East. The nice thing about this season is its up for grabs. Orlando, MIA, Chicago playing great on one side of the country. And the West is competitive to the teeth on the other. You could say the Thunder are the best, but I see some upsets in this upcoming Playoff run for both conferences.
TMARTSTHENAME81::Then why are the Heat beating everybody when they are fully healthy? Who is better right now??? &amp; be honest with yourself
MFFL_NS_14::I don't know, I like Bosh, but he doesn't qualify as a superstar because he lacks the consistency, more of just a reserve for the All-Star in my opinion. They do have a different attitude since adding Battier and Cole, but Joel Anthony is the weak spot and Haslem/Chalmers/Miller have a lot of off nights. The better teams in the league IMO would be the ones with a 9-11 man roster that each put forth equal effort and give their superiors rest. Lebron/Wade/Bosh seem to never leave the game...which has already played a big part in Wade's career of injuries. It can only get worse. They're talented, but when you look at teams who at full-health are stacked, it gets better.
TMARTSTHENAME81::I understand that but it is actually 3 superstars, Bosh is a 6 time All Star. Also they have Haslem, Chalmers, Battier, Miller, Cole, Joel Anthony,  none of these guys are great but they are serviceable role players.
MFFL_NS_14::I was kind of making the point to Red gold manning. Collective talent and 2 superstars are not really the same thing. That's the only point I'm trying to make.
TMARTSTHENAME81::The Head dominated the #1 team in the NBA last year in the Eastern Conf Finals, so its not like they didnt beat teams with those 3 players. I do not like the Heat but they are easily the most talented team in the NBA and its not even close. I dont even know why i am arguing with you dipsh its, what is wrong with you.
TMARTSTHENAME81::Do I even have to name more??? 2 of those players are 1st ballot Hall of Famers you moron. If Bird and Jordan were on the same team they could get a Llama, a goat and a hippo and still crush teams, what is wrong with you clowns?
MFFL_NS_14::You named 3 players...That's it.
TMARTSTHENAME81::what are you talking about??? Lebron is considered the run away MVP this year and all of the analysts are saying he is having one of the best seasons of all time. People only argue the fact that Dirk has a ring in which he won over Lebrons more talented team. Lebron just couldnt get it done, BUT he is one of the best REGULAR season players ever
TMARTSTHENAME81::If Dirk played with Wade and Bosh the league would just give them the trophy bc no one would even want to play against them. they would crush teams.
I3UTTON::If Dirk played with D Wade and Bosh he would win not 1, not 2, not 3...
RED_GOLD_MANNING::what? Dirks team had immensely more talent. this isn't even arguable. The Heat have one of the least talented teams in the league outside of wade and lebron.
I3UTTON::Exactly, so who gives a $@%! about the regular season? You don't win titles in the regular season
I3UTTON::Except Lebron comes up small when it matters most. Dirk -1 ring  Lebron - 0 Nuff said
richthmpsn::If Lebron wins a ring it will be because of D wayde, Dirk didnt have to go run to another superstars team to win. Nuff Said
40harrisonbarnes40::Dirk - 14 years Lebron - 9  Nuff said
gary wheatley::has anyone heard anymore on Gallos thumb fracture on his left hand?  wonder how long he will be out
TMARTSTHENAME81::I dont blame you, adding Manning makes you an automatic SB contender
BroncsAvsRocksNuggs::shooting lol... sorry the Manning news here in Denver has got me a little excited...
TMARTSTHENAME81::non throwing hand???? this isnt football dude
BroncsAvsRocksNuggs::doctors said up to 4 weeks to heal... but hopefully he can put a brace/bandage on it (non throwing hand) and be able to play a lot sooner?
BroncsAvsRocksNuggs::I still like the direction the  Nuggets are going... when we traded Melo, most thought the Nuggets had to completely rebuild from scratch and take years... look at the talent (potential) we already have and when did that trade happen? It's gonna take some time to integrate the new players and for all the young guys to gel...   Nuggets most likely are not going anywhere this year.. but they will be a team to be reckoned with once they build some chemistry... I still think GK is a problem with playoffs and winning a ship but maybe he can prove me wrong... GO NUGGETS!
BroncsAvsRocksNuggs::Detroit? Anyways, this team doesn't have a superstar yet... but there are a few players that can turn into superstars and they can contend for a title (not this year)... Gallo, Lawson, Manimal, Chandler are probably the most likely to breakout and have an allstar season...   But TMARTS... you have a decent argument that I, for the most part, agree with... the Nuggets will either need to acquire a Superstar or have one of the young guns step up... Unfortunately Nuggets can't play 10-12 players at a time... Nuggets don't even need a huge superstar... just a vet with some games left that will get the calls on the floor and help the young guys out... (maybe Pierce, KG or even Allen?) After Bostons disappointing season...
TMARTSTHENAME81::I would say Lawson has the best chance, I could see Gallo slipping into the All Star game soon, but Lawson looks to be the real deal but I dont see the Sixers or the Nuggets going anywhere but the 1st round for years to come. I think you would have to agree with me on that,
MFFL_NS_14::But how do you get to be a superstar? You work for it. This team has the potential to have multiple superstars, just like the 76ers do. You could say Lou Williams is on his way already. People say these teams need superstars. Well they weren't just named superstars from the get-go, unless they were Lebron James. Some of them had to work for it.
TMARTSTHENAME81::Ok I will kind of give you a pass on Detroit even though Rip Hamilton was a borderline superstar and was on multiple all star teams.
BroncsAvsRocksNuggs::Agree!!!
MFFL_NS_14::That was the point I was trying to make. Not a Nuggets fan, but they're definitely in my top 5 teams to watch. Fast pace, major depth at every position and lights out three point shooting.
TMARTSTHENAME81::Name the last team without a Superstar that won a title????
MFFL_NS_14::2004 Pistons.
MFFL_NS_14::I disagree with ^. Superstars are MADE in this league. And any one guy on the team has the potential to be a superstar. Lawson is a great young PG, Brewer is getting better and better, and Faried already has a nickname on ESPN. Give them all some time and they'll be winning more and more. Team basketball is more influential than Superstars.
TMARTSTHENAME81::nope, the nuggets need a superstar to carry them in tough games. They suck and will continue to be a 1st round whipping post for years to come, sorry. But hey at least the Broncos got a real QB and may contend for a SB if Manning stays healthy and you can add a couple more pieces.
tonystarks26::Tim Tebow passes more frequently than Al Harrington....FACT.
ricksiter9::Right. And GK kept him on the bench the entire 4th.
P 52::How did Odom play? The box score looks deceiving.
MFFL_NS_14::http://www.hoopsworld.com/2012-nba-free-agents Here's a rough list of the NBA free agents this summer...Take your picks.
MFFL_NS_14::He has the potential, he needs some bulk though. Him and Williams both have potential as centers if they just bulk up a bit. Wright more-so. You have to remember he was picked number 8 in the 2007 draft .
antonioy2j::Agreed on Ersan and he is unrestricted so we have a shot at him...as for Wright he is good and has a good future if he continues to improve...but i don't think he is the man that will fill in DK41 shoes when he retires (obviously know one can or will ever be able to) but for now i am completely fine w/ keeping him on the team next year...lets think 1 step at a time and not get to far ahead into Wrights future...
mavsarenbachamps::Yea Mavs should develop Wright and I think he could be a premier big man in this league one day
MFFL_NS_14::Ersan is insanely talented, and a scary shooter. I'd probably begin to start either West or Buckets because they both play well when given minutes and they can both play the 1/2. Players that can pass and shoot benefit Williams more than anything.
MFFL_NS_14::Yes, but expensive. It'd be smart to keep Mahinimi/Wright. They're both young and great hustle players, and cheap as hell. Wright is a steal. Wallace is still good, but IMO he's not quite worth the 12 million we'd have to pay him. But that's just what you pay for quality big guys.
antonioy2j::Gerald Wallace would be a good pick-up he is another Matrix...can play any position 1-4 and can defend all 4 of those positions aswell only difference is he is younger so he would be a good pickup...
antonioy2j::seeing the list we should keep West and try to bring in O.J. Mayo, Chase Budinger (for the bench) and Ersan Ilyasova (hes looking like a future all-star)...any 1 of those or all 3 (both cases seem very unlikely but 1 can hope) to go along w/ D_Will would make for a good backcourt w/ West and Roddy_B as backups...
mavsarenbachamps::A lot of free agents. Would Gerald Wallace be a good pickup?
antonioy2j::Mavs 2013 5 Hibber or Lopez or Kaman 4 DK41 3 Matrix 2 Roddy_B 1 D-Will would be a good team...w/ a deep bench of veterans (T-Mac maybe aswell always wanted him 2b a Mav)...
mavsarenbachamps::If we can afford Gordon then we could pick him up this off season
MFFL_NS_14::Definitely at the 2. I wouldn't have him run the point. But I would take Gordon over Reke any day. Both undersized, but Gordon&gt;Tyreke. And cheap.
antonioy2j::mmm no DK41 is what i call Nowitski...but yeah 2012 roster...
antonioy2j::agree w/ Demarcus being no good...good skills but bad attitude won't get him anywhere...and Evans idk maybe put him in at the 2...but when ive seen Kings play he seems to make some head-scratching decisions at times...
mavsarenbachamps::Ok so you were talking about the 2012 roster lol got confused with Dk41 and thought you were trying to say D21 as in howard
MFFL_NS_14::Cousins would be a BAD idea. He is a cancer int he locker room and he doesn't play defense. I like Evans though, as long as he stays injury-free.
antonioy2j::haha...well i meant it as in nxt season since it ends in 2013 so my mistake...better said thats the roster we will have for the 2012-2013 season...
antonioy2j::definitely West is a sparkplug off the bench...hope we keep him along w/ Ian and Wright...although still we will need a young 4 to sub in for DK41 so he can have his rest...
mavsarenbachamps::Lol I thought you were talking about the 2012 roster. If it is 2013, we can also pick up Tyreke Evans cause he is still getting paid like a rookie. Demarcus Cousins wouldn't be a bad idea also if we can get him. His attitude would change if he joins a team like the mavs
mavsarenbachamps::That roster looks very likely. I think Mavs should also keep Delonte if they can cause he can create his own shot and play good defense
mavsarenbachamps::Crappy as usual. He's lucky he's playing behind the best PF in the game today
gjolley24::who plays no D
gjolley24::It's a joke to call Dirk a PF He's great but he's just a tall SF!
MFFL_NS_14::By then the team will be gutted already, so we'll have the space. And most likely Kidd will be retired. I won't doubt Marion being retired soon too. Since we're only after D-Will this summer we should be able to keep the most important pieces and still get Deron a full contract.
mavsarenbachamps::Who would have thought Delonte West and Vince Carter would have a bigger impact than Lamar ODom at the beginning of the season
MFFL_NS_14::He's just too focused on off-court issues. He said himself that the show is getting in the way. So if the show is in the way then do one of your jobs and quit it. Ignorance at its finest.
mavsarenbachamps::Yea he sucks at rebounding so you're right. We should keep Marion for 1 more year and then dump him so we can pick up Dwight Howard in 2013 to play with Dirk and Deron. If we can keep the Matrix that would be great
MFFL_NS_14::We need a 4 more than a 5 right now. Dirk needs his rest, and if we can even keep Marion, he should not be playing the 4. Although Hibbert doesn't sound bad. Lopez is like a more talented Haywood who doesn't rebound. We don't need that.
mavsarenbachamps::People say he doesn't like to play in Dallas but the actual reason is he just sucks period and should retire
antonioy2j::would love to have Hibbert but im pretty sure he will resign w/ indy...D-Will is a lock so yea nxt year is looking good..
MFFL_NS_14::I know, but when you start nearly  half of the games you don't deserve to be a 6th man. Too bad he can't find his step on this team.
mavsarenbachamps::Glad we can release him at the end of the season and pick up Deron Williams and a good center such as Hibbert/Lopez
P 52::He was honestly great last year.
MFFL_NS_14::Still pisses me off that he won the 6th man over Terry last year. Despite starting half of his games.
MFFL_NS_14::Horrible. 4 Turnovers and 10 stupid passes. But he stood in the paint and brought down Wright's rebounds for him. The kid could have had a double double too. smh
antonioy2j::Considering he is our 8th man he did pretty good....still has no shot, but as u can see he did the other things really helped put....
npersonett::GK needs to go
tonystarks26::"Wilson Chandler is our savior"- Nuggets fans.
tonystarks26::Dont make me check that jaw son.
tonystarks26::You got a real loud mouth son.
P 52::You have a lot of stretch marks around yours.
P 52::"J.R. Smith is our savior" - Knicks fan
sharkboy2421::Nuggets are too deep, NY you guys can have mozgof back I feel sorry for yall
Texasgirl6200::LOL.  Deep?  What happened last night, then?
Mohammadnazz::FISHER&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;NUGGETS
Strong Troll Forventhrund::I am having consensual sex with myself to Fargo
BroncsAvsRocksNuggs::those coen brothers.. they are so hot right now.. can't wait for the new Coen Justin Timberlake movie!
Mohammadnazz::lol?
Strong Troll Forventhrund::Cinematic masterpieces just get me aroused in an incredibly sexual manner
Mohammadnazz::NUGGETS YOU GUYS SHOUD SIGN DEREK FISHER!!!! LOL
tonystarks26::Remember when the Nuggets were relevant.....I don't.
Mohammadnazz::all i do i LIN LIN LIN no matter what
Dirk2XMVP::Mavs vs Lakers next
antonioy2j::Yea, we have to dish out some payback after the buzzer beater we lost to last time...
Mohammadnazz::MAVS&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;LAKERS.   Laker big men are too slow for some reason.
MFFL_NS_14::No Fisher to bail Kobe out this time, no disrespect.
Mohammadnazz::.
Dirk2XMVP::Buzzer beater but then again this is just the regular season.
P 52::I am just saying. Both teams are still trying to figure things out.
Mohammadnazz::due to some BS plays etc
P 52::The Lakers have beaten them twice already this year.
tonystarks26::I'm hammered.
P 52::Rick Santorum is trying to ban hardcore p.orn. Will this include games where the Knicks are bent over by their opponents?
bitcent::Go to CNN with this clown
P 52::I think you missed the point.
tonystarks26::Danilo Galinari is well known for injuries....FACT.
MileHighFan9::God hates denver, Nuggets have the worst luck with injuries, and now the Broncos signed a old man with a broken neck to replace the son of god.
sharkboy2421::You're the most pessimistic person ever, everyone in real life must hate you.
MileHighFan9::hey im on your side here
Mohammadnazz::k
Mohammadnazz::lol, how ahout LIN?
MileHighFan9::new york lins
Mohammadnazz::LIN&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;NUGGETS FACT!!!
sharkboy2421::Mohammadnazz likes donkey balls!
Mohammadnazz::dude, lol, can't expect less from a denver nugget fan hahah
antonioy2j::Whether it be Mavs fans, Knicks fans, and Nuggets fans...we all just comment to get likes...
Mohammadnazz::lmaoo some people like there own comments as well.......... :D
sharkboy2421::Hey NY fans check this out I think you'll like this video:  http://www.nba.com/video/games/knicks/2012/01/21/0021100228_den_nyk_recap.nba/index.html
MFFL_NS_14::Suns trade Amare, Nuggets trade Melo...both teams have better records than the Knicks in a harder conference.
P 52::Lol @ a Knicks fan talking about a team being irrelevant.
Mohammadnazz::sure, we'll see who is good and bad in the end
MFFL_NS_14::We will...just like we did last year...you know when we took the ship?
sharkboy2421::irony
Mohammadnazz::Mavs can beat any of the teams in the west in a 7 game series. all you guys need is west and haywood back
MFFL_NS_14::I don't want Haywood back, but I'll take West. Haywood is a defensive liability.
tonystarks26::I'm not too familiar with these guys....did they get picked up from the D-league?
Mohammadnazz::nononono they are pretty good
tonystarks26::The Nuggets haven't been relevant since David Thompson.
Mohammadnazz::LMAOOO
tonystarks26::The Nuggets have never won a NBA championship...FACT.
