Carlos8946::The Clippers are a joke!
mathw01::It was refreshing to see the oldest player in the the NBA come in and clown the Grizz..
Trespayne::Clippers bench &gt; Bobcats starters
clippers sweep memphis in the 1st round::clippers vs heat finals
Alpine2285::probably not
Alpine2285::These 2 teams will beat each other up in the 1st round and probably not have much left in the tank for OKC who will probably cruise past their opponent.  Meanwhile, Denver shouldn't have much of a problem with GS and will be primed to take down the old Spurs.  Denver vs OKC in the WCF Denver wins in six
trollvtroll6::probably not
Alpine2285::ya that seems so realistic since the Nugz were 3-1 against them this year
Kim Jong-Unnihilation::I just hope OKC doesn't win the West.
TheTigerFan555::Denver would get swept by OKC.
clippers sweep memphis in the 1st round::clippers own memphis
TheTigerFan555::As a Grizz fan, I don't think the Nuggets beat either the Grizzlies or Nuggets in the 1st round.  If the Nuggets want to advance, they need to hold on to that 3rd seed.    After last night's game though, I'm also concerned about yet another  potential 1st round matchup with the Clippers.  The Clippers bench, just like last year, seems to be quite a bit better than our's, and that is what cost us last season.  Barnes and Crawford in particular just seem like difference makers, and we don't seem to have anyone outside of maybe Bayless who can change the course of a game.     The one thing that will help us though is the emphasis on flopping this year.  I don't think the Clippers beat us last year without all of those flops.
mwaugamn::True our bench struggled.However the last couple of games our bench has played well when they are allowed to play meaningful minutes. I think Hollins sometimes limits them when he plays them for 2-3 minutes a couple times a games.
TheTigerFan555::I guess I am just worried about Arthur and Dooling.  Bayless, Davis, and Pondexter are all solid, and typically very dependable.  Arthur doesn't seem healthy at all though, and I think we're almost better off just using Leur at this point....and Dooling could barely get the ball to half-court against Bledsoe.  I wish we could have found a more dependable backup PG because Dooling doesn't seem like he will be able to give us much, if anything.
washheightsboy3::All you hear on ESPN is about Paul and Griffin, but the times denver has played the Clips, Barnes has been the biggest headeache.
diehardnr1::yeah...after going 5-2 vs these teams DEN is worried...lmao
TheTigerFan555::The Nuggets are a decent team, but their style just doesn't typically work come playoff time.  They are a run and gun team, and it works in the regular season because they can wear teams down.  In the playoffs, teams are rested, and the games are much more half-court oriented.    None of the top teams are afraid of the Nuggets.
TheTigerFan555::sorry...meant to say i don't think the nuggets beat either the Grzz or Clippers
RoidRage1986::nuggets control their own destiny for the 3 seed. it is a big deal too. rather have to play a 55 win team (memphis) or a 46 win team gsw/houston.
sports-1-on-1::Clippers are the worst team in NBA  Fact CP3 to leave the clippers in 2014
Ustna9::you're not very bright, are you....?
Clipper Nation Stand Up::Well first, your first "fact" about them being the worst (when they're actually the 5th best at this point) kind of negates your reliability when it comes to stating "facts".  And second, CP3's contract is up after THIS season, so he either leaves then or not for another 5 years.  Look up the word "fact" before you post.  While you're at it, look up the word "imbecile".
sports-1-on-1::Lets count clippers rings and go
TheTigerFan555::To be fair, the Grizzlies and Nuggets have never won a championship either.     Memphis hasn't been around since the 70's though, so they kind of have an excuse.
Clipper Nation Stand Up::Oh, the RINGS argument... that and the atrocious English tells me you must be a laker fan.
sports-1-on-1::Clipper Nation Stand Up - Yeah, those fans who follow a team BEFORE they get successful are so stupid... why wouldn't everyone jump onto a team that won a ton of stuff before they were even born, so they would always have that "RINGZ" argument to fall back on?  Listen you can have a great season , but if you fall short in playoffs then what, ..it's just fail right
Clipper Nation Stand Up::Yeah, those fans who follow a team BEFORE they get successful are so stupid... why wouldn't everyone jump onto a team that won a ton of stuff before they were even born, so they would always have that "RINGZ" argument to fall back on?
sports-1-on-1::What Mexican
sports-1-on-1::Not 1 not 2 not 3 just nothing
Bballblake32::Kenneth faried is the first woman to play in the nba. If she looks like a girl then she must be one lol
diehardnr1::say it to his face...double dare ya...
Bballblake32::Gg grizz fans but we still own you. Btw cant wait for blake to one day knock the F out if that ugly bum looking think called zach
Clipper Nation Stand Up::Grizz fans here seem pretty classy. Respect. Can't say the same for those mountain-folk.
sports-1-on-1::Clippers = joke off NBA
sports-1-on-1::Go back to your mommy basement loser. Hahaha
sports-1-on-1::Clipper Nation Stand Up - Owned? As in past-tense?  Right now, I guess you're living in "present-TENTS".  I don't expect you to get that until you graduate English class.  Bet you're  19 living in mommy house hahha
Clipper Nation Stand Up::Owned? As in past-tense?  Right now, I guess you're living in the "present-TENTS".  I don't expect you to get that until you graduate English class.
sports-1-on-1::Clipper Nation Stand Up - I live by the beautiful Pacific Ocean... as in, I can see it from my house.  Mad,   Hahah sure you do lol fail I own 2  house NYC and l.A you mad ?
Clipper Nation Stand Up::I live by the beautiful Pacific Ocean... as in, I can see it from my house.  Mad, bro?
Clipper Nation Stand Up::Not being able to spell "of" = joke of a person.
sports-1-on-1::Clipper Nation Stand Up - Ask Mommy for some money so you can bet on it.  Fail just like clippers  My rich life&gt; your poor life
Clipper Nation Stand Up::Ask Mommy for some money so you can bet on it.
sports-1-on-1::Clipper Nation Stand Up - OK, tough-guy.  Wahhhhhhh clippers first round exit
Clipper Nation Stand Up::OK, tough-guy.
sports-1-on-1::Did I make you cry hahaha clippers are a joke just like you   If you can't read it's ok clippers fans are stupid
Clipper Nation Stand Up::Pressure's all on Denver now.  Grizz lose one? nothing changes for them. Clips lose one? lose home court, but no biggie... won 4 of last 5 in MEM. Denver lose one? Have to face Memphis... BIG step up in class from GSW.  Denver's HCA will be neutralized to some degree in the playoffs. Teams get acclimated to the thin air.
Chadwik93::i remember sweeping the nuggets last time at staples.. was great. Denver doesn't want the clippers
diehardnr1::final thought...you really want to bring up last year???  The one where DEN took the WCF participant Lakers to the brink and LAC beat the Grizz in 7...only to get SWEPT by the geezers from SAS???  Selective memory must be caused by smog...smh--  Sweet dreams...cuz thats the ONLY place Clipps will do anything in the playoffs... :-)
Clipper Nation Stand Up::Stop begging... nobody heard it any other year. And remember what happened the last time you faced the Clips in the playoffs.  Denver = playoff filler.  G'night... sweet dreams :)
diehardnr1::and this is from the guy that recently pointed out the Nuggets WCFs run....When was the last time Clipps were there???  You also forget the other scenario....DEN-LAC first round possibility...but then again, that option would ruin your dreams of West domination...and PLEASE PLEASE let the two meet in WCFs...PLEASE!!!
Clipper Nation Stand Up::You mean "do something" like they did last year, instead of losing in the first round like Denver?  The fact that you think the teams will even face each other exposes your ignorance. That can only happen in the WCF, and you forget...  Denver NEVER gets past the first round.
diehardnr1::How cute.....Clipps fans actually think they are going to do something this year.  IF Clipps meet DEN with a possible 4 in DEN I guarantee the whining will be about the altitude advantage...the refs, the star alignments, Blakes perm, etc etc etc....ANYTHING besides facing the fact Clipps just got beat.  You guys remind me of LAL homers...oh wait...I forgot...same fans different day...:-D
Clipper Nation Stand Up::How cute...  You have a favorite team to get beaten by.  You got a 2-1 season series win because we played 2 games at altitude on back-to-backs and only one in Staples. Our guys getting 3 days off between games will nullify your bogus thin air nonsense.
diehardnr1::keep living in the past.... How did the season series THIS year turn out?   Honestly, Clipps would be my choice for opponent  of Top 5 teams.
Clipper Nation Stand Up::Guy thinks we're scared of Memphis?  The team we're 13-5 against in the last 3 years including winning a playoff series in their house.  When the game slows down, Memphis will murder the nugs, home-court or not.
diehardnr1::DEN not worried...actually NEED the pressure...their problems come vs lottery teams on the road mainly due to  lack of focus...  Sorry,  no loss of focus from here on out.
sports-1-on-1::Clipper Nation Stand Up - And I bet you have them running all the way to the Larry-O :)  How many first round playoff series have they won in the last decade?  Stupid clippers fan talking smack , your team is the  biggest joke in NBA  0 rings did nothing showed nothing = trash not a Denver fan
diehardnr1::we shall see....but do not hold your breath
Clipper Nation Stand Up::1st round out... it is written.
diehardnr1::I actually stopped by just to read the sentiments here...YOU started it with your jabs at Nuggets...I was actually quite civil at that point...  btw  The ONLY team I am worried about in the West is OKC...will be a nice WCFs matchup....hope you tune in...
Clipper Nation Stand Up::What are you even doing on a Clips-Grizz board?  You're a troll... a frightened little troll. Those scary Grizzlies are going to eat you up!
diehardnr1::nice touch....I liked the dbag thing...classy  DEN got there DESPITE Melo btw...Billups and TEAM play were the reason.  GLAD he is on the team that gave DEN all its depth.  Touchy Touchy...I guess the red headed thing got to ya...lol  But the Stern love thing will be born out.  Again...keep living in the past....even IF DEN falls in 1st, at least the fans will not abandon ship like all the Clipps bandwagon jumpers will WHEN Clipps fall to either MEM or DEN in the first round...bet it  :-)
Clipper Nation Stand Up::Wow, Denver fans are douch.ebags!  Maybe you'll get humbled when you fail in the first round... yet again.  Oh, and for the record... the only time you ever got PAST the first round was with those melo iso's... oh, and Chauncey Billups' championship experience.  I wonder who he plays for now :)
diehardnr1::Sorry...its that whole twice in ten years thing that makes me forget Clipps even exist sometimes... This is a diifferent DEN team than any other I have ever seen.  No ISO Melo to deal with and they play like a TEAM.  Not sure how far DEN will go...but it is doubtful it will start with MEM. I can see why you want to avoid MEM...but that will probably be the matchup for LAC. ONLY thing I see going for Clipps is Kobes injury....when LaLas fall out the Stern love will shift back to the red headed step children...lol
Clipper Nation Stand Up::Actually, no. In the last 10 years, Clippers made the playoffs only twice, but won their first round both times. Nuggets made the playoffs 9 times and lost in the first round 8 times.  Getting there is one thing. Adapting your game to survive is quite another.
diehardnr1::probably more than the Clipps...;-)
Clipper Nation Stand Up::And I bet you have them running all the way to the Larry-O :)  How many first round playoff series have they won in the last decade?
diehardnr1::you would....
Clipper Nation Stand Up::I guess we'll see. After today, I have them starting at home against Memphis.
airicad::And suddenly, the Clippers are on a 5 game winning streak.  If we focus, we can beat anybody.  I still stand by the belief that last month's skid was completely due to a lack of focus.  Now we are back in business, eyeing the prize!
sports-1-on-1::Lmao keep dreaming
ArtieSullivan::Clippers &gt; Thunder WCF
JohnnyEightpence23::Truth is Clippers &gt; Grizzlies, but the Clippers would get killed playing the Spurs or the Thunder while Grizzlies would be a much better match up. At the end of the day, I go with Memphis.
airicad::Nah, I think the Clippers could beat the Thunder.  Maybe not the Spurs because we have a dumb coach.  Popovich would play mind games around Vinny.
sports-1-on-1::..
airicad::Darn it, I missed this game.  BUT I'M SO GLAD WE WON!  Maybe VDN will finally wake up and realize that the team is better when DeAndre plays big minutes.  It looks like his two huge blocks in the last three minutes made the difference in this game.
George85146::It says that the Grizzlies are 5-1 in sellout games. Is that for just this season or the history of the franchise? lol
DoctorHook201::Why does a town like Memphis even have an NBA team anyhow?
jason21382::rappers
jason21382::drugs
THECH0LPATR0L::Javale McGee is a natural. Pure instincts. High Basketball IQ. He's also large and black.
THECH0LPATR0L::Javale McGee &gt; Blake Griffin
StephanieM0329::their stats show that youre an idiot
DiesUnus::Javale McGee be shaqtin a fool
dwade grater den jordan 17.0::griffins all show
torrtis::The worst free throw shooter in the league wasn't sent to the line not even once? What's up.
Kim Jong-Unnihilation::i'm out
dwade grater den jordan 17.0::cya!
dwade grater den jordan 17.0::gratest ofensive GOATs:  1. dwade- always has best FG/FT % 2. lebron- a force 2 wreckon wit 3. curry- wen he can hit a 3 unlike melo 4. cp3 - best PG 5. durant- ownin westbrick still but gets way 2 many FTs  just my 2 sense tho, take it or leave it
JohnnyEightpence23::Take out the A in GOAT. Greatest of time sounds like it.
UAmatt89::lol, no Kareem, no wilt, no shaq, no jordan? ridiculous
sports-1-on-1::dwade grater den jordan 17.0 - GOATS rite now  Fail
dwade grater den jordan 17.0::a
dwade grater den jordan 17.0::gimme ur if u think ur so smart
UAmatt89::GOATS right now, sure makes sense
dwade grater den jordan 17.0::GOATS rite now
Kim Jong-Unnihilation::...it's his '2 sense' for a reason bro  take it or leave it
Kim Jong-Unnihilation::just my 2 sense, how do you feel about hte kobe injury?
dwade grater den jordan 17.0::sad 2 see.. but lakers will get swept neways!
Kim Jong-Unnihilation::trueee
dwade grater den jordan 17.0::my predicshuns 4 rest of season:    1 la make playoffs lol @ 8 scede wat a faleure. SWEEP 2. nugs proive 2 be SUPRISE go 2 finals even w/o galo 3. ny knics loose in 1st round  lol but nets go 2 2nd 4. pacers vs heat in REMATCH 5. heat win in 7 vs nugs in xcitin series   just my 2 sense tho
UAmatt89::I also feel like you are controlling both accounts
Kim Jong-Unnihilation::lol no...........  I'm not a dwade fan.
dwade grater den jordan 17.0::im not magikal
UAmatt89::you make my brain hurt
Kim Jong-Unnihilation::*wurst
dwade grater den jordan 17.0::u make mine hurt worst
Kim Jong-Unnihilation::so you think the knicks lose to boston? :)
dwade grater den jordan 17.0::ya melo will brick all series!
UAmatt89::The NBA- where "the real season starts next week"   according to zach randolph and half of their stars
dwade grater den jordan 17.0::u just jealus cuz u wear born in 1989
Kim Jong-Unnihilation::are you the 'just 2 my sense tho' guy?
Kim Jong-Unnihilation::lol ur welcome! :)
dwade grater den jordan 17.0::y thx u!
Kim Jong-Unnihilation::(i'm not being sarcastic... i like your comments)
Kim Jong-Unnihilation::your spelling is awesome tho
STEELNUGGETS::th,The nuggets will get the 3RD seed not because im a  nuggets but look at there schedule, home against Portland , then  @ Milwaukee, the bucks have lost there last 11 of 14 , then home against the worst western conference team the suns, 2 home games where they never lose and one road game
Celticpride197::do you think kareem is toasting to the FACT that Kobe isnt going to surpass him as the all time scoring leader like the 72 dolphins team does every year when the last undefeated team loses
trash can.::nice game
dwade grater den jordan 17.0::ur trash
Kim Jong-Unnihilation::lol
nuggetzalltheway23::Nuggets locked up the #3 seed! WHOOOP!!!
StephanieM0329::haha, nuggets in the finals? youre a fool
WareTheTDsAt::they havent locked up the third seed... if they lose one and clips win out... clips get the third
nuggetzalltheway23::Neither one of those will happen.
dwade grater den jordan 17.0::YAYYAYA GOIN 2 FACE HEAT IN FINALS!@
bogringo79::Both teams still suck. Lmao
stealthm0d3::The three champions, and the one other team in the conference with the best record are seeded one through four by their records. This guarantees that the division champions will be no lower than fourth seed, For example this will be the result the #5 memphis will have the homecourt advantage for having the better record than the Clips, or not correct me if I'm wrong #1 OKC    61-21 #2 SAS     60-22 #3 DEN    57-26 #4 LAC     55-27 #5 MEM    56-25
UAmatt89::no, if the clips win out they get home court. they are also div winners and will have lead over memphis
nate0143::That's only if Memphis wins out and the clippers lose one
stealthm0d3::So what if the pacific division all had a losing record below .500 and they did not make the top 8th
I prefer boxers over briefs::Division winner would still get no lower than the #4 seed...
I prefer boxers over briefs::You are 100% correct.
UAmatt89::except that 56-25 is only 81 games, idiots. And this is assuming the clips lose another game
colosportsman::Actually this whole playoff seeding has been a race to the end all through the seeds...Great year actually if it did not make me so nervous.  The Battle for the number 1 seed between Thunder and Spurs The Battle for the 3, 4 and 5 between the Nuggets, Clippers, and Grizzlies The Battle fo the 6 between Houston and Golden State The Battle for the 8 between the Lakers and Jazz  No team has a set position...and its a Battle to the very last game.
dancedance65::Maybe it's just sour grapes since we lost, but homecourt didn't really help us that much last year against the Clips haha. Denver will more than likely be the three, so now I guess we have to figure out if we want to rest up for the playoffs or go all-out for a slim chance at homecourt over LAC.
Clipper Ian::Resting basically puts the Jazz in the playoffs.
faargsob::I'd rather rest Z Bo and DA, get ready for the playoffs.
stealthm0d3::I see the point  if Memphis had more wins than the Clips when season ends  Clips will still be seeded as #4 but homecourt is no effect  memphis will still have it   division champs are automatically seeded top 4 despite the records  northwest #1OKC  southwest #2SAS  pacific #5LAC
RebelShark79::The only real difference winning the division makes for home court is that it's the ultimate tie breaker.  If you have the same record as the team you're playing and you are a division winner you get home court even if you went 0-4 against that team in the regular season.
I prefer boxers over briefs::Exactly.  And the last position in the top 4 will be the team with the best record of all the remaining western conference teams.
colosportsman::Seriously it makes no difference..If Denver  wins their 3 remaining games they will be the 3 seed..There is no question about that.  Why even bother debating what happens if they lose 1..because they are not going to.
kenny714::wrong, lac get 3 seed if tied with denver cuz of division winner. division winner is the first tie-breaker not head to head matchup. only if they were boh division winners would denver get 3 seed. lac would get 3 seed.
Fullerdiggy::thats only for the fourth seed, when the division winner comes in to play, in the top three it goes by tie breaker, of games palyed between  both teams.
Fullerdiggy::IF Denver loses 1 game their still #3 seed becuase they have the tie breaker over both teams.
WareTheTDsAt::nope... if the clippers finish tied with Denver the regular season series doesnt matter... the clips will get the tie breaker because they are division champs
Snorkel Whacker::Only for seeding, not hca.
faargsob::Sorry buddy but LAC holds the tiebreaker over both teams as a division winner.
faargsob::Well, they might lose one.
chrishmt0423::Clippers &gt; Lakers People would have call me an idiots for saying that
sports-1-on-1::In what o rings then yes
chrishmt0423::i was hoping lakers could improve
colosportsman::obviously they are..People have known that for about 2 months..Did you just figure that out  today.
colosportsman::Doesn't matter..Nuggets are going to win out..So that The NBA will not look like Morons giving the Clippers the 3 rd seed. And then the NBA will have to change the rule next year again..
chrishmt0423::both teams match up pretty well would be an interesting series
Rickma955::If D Andre  plays like that every game look out
buckshotz17::BlameDel Negro for the lack of consistent minutes.
.SandBagger.::agreed...too bad we all know it will never happen....hasnt been consistent all season
jezeep::http://2.media.collegehumor.cvcdn.com/84/43/44deaab1f234e104f7c0db61483d9410-gay-love-jerseys.jpg
colosportsman::Sandbagger.- You play in division teams more often. It is a feat to have the best record....do you disagree?  Clippers play in there division..Nuggets play in there division..Clippers division is weaker than the Nuggets division. The Nuggets have absolutley nothing to do with the Clippers and ther divison. S0 to use something the Nuggets have zero control over as a tiebreaker.... is the ultimate in stupidity. If you cannot see it I don't know  what to tell you.
stealthm0d3::i see the point if Memphis had more wins than the Clips when season ends Clips will still be seeded as #4 but homecourt is no effect memphis will still have it  division champs are automatically seeded top 4 despite the records northwest  #1OKC southwest #2SAS pacific        #5LAC
I prefer boxers over briefs::Denver CANNOT win their division.  They are 4.5 games in back of OKC in the Northwest...
I prefer boxers over briefs::stealthm0d3 - but they beat OKC thrice  =====  Doesn't matter - look at the standings.  The "y" means OKC has clinched the division.  http://espn.go.com/nba/standings/_/group/3
stealthm0d3::but they beat OKC thrice
colosportsman::Why don't we just put the Thunder in your divsion..Some people do not seem to grasp things I guess..or understand the argument.
.SandBagger.::I grasp just fine.  I dont think you do.  Quit playing the whining fan role bro.  When the season started, no one thought the clippers would win the division except for  a few smart people.  Strength of schedule has no standing in the NBA rules.  Get over it.
.SandBagger.::the nuggets DO have control though.  They can win THEIR division.  Then it would go to the next tie breaker....which I have no idea what that is.
BarrelRider04::Wow, first significant win for Clips since Jan. 14th....ABOUT TIME! We finally played a little defense. Going to be an absolute dogfight in the playoffs.
ALEX47666-3::well lets end this   nuggs wont lose any games left on their schedule
Da Negro That Smells Bad AKA ClippersSweep::We can all agree Tyga sucks
Clippers Sweep::Stop the N word man
Clippers Sweep::You're here to take revenge because black kids beat you up in school.
Clippers Sweep::How do you know I am black?
Da Negro That Smells Bad AKA ClippersSweep::i never said you're black i said you're Da Negro That Smells Bad
Clippers Sweep::My wishes are Lakers will not make the playoffs.   And Lakers will amnesty Kobe.
stealthm0d3::and Lakers stole CP3
ChiTownSECstudent::I think we can all agree that Chris Bosh is playing for the other team. AND..... We all hate the Heat.
Clippers Sweep::And the Lakers
clemenson92::If anyone here likes ghosts check out this video  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BVp70ixSnlc
ALEX47666-3::u can see the string
stealthm0d3::WEST PLAYOFF BRACKET RESULT 1-OKC(4)            2-UTA (1)   4-LAC (4) 5-MEM(3)  3-DEN(4) 6-GSW(2)  2-SAS(4) 7-HOU(2)
Clippers Sweep::No Lakers?
stealthm0d3::FINALS OKC VS MIA   G1- HEAT G2- HEAT G3- THUNDER G4- HEAT G5- THUNDER G6- HEAT
stealthm0d3::WESTERN CONF. FINALS 1-OKC(4) 3-DEN(3)
stealthm0d3::2ND ROUND 1-OKC(4) 4-LAC (2)  3-DEN(4) 2-SAS (3)
stealthm0d3::A Drunk Monk - Sorry, Denver is not winning 4 on the road.  Denver can Beat Spurs IMO
A Drunk Monk::Sorry, Denver is not winning 4 on the road.
