Matt Drew::Officiating at 1:12 (not the only blown call against Warriors, mind you) left in Q4 cost GSW NBA history when Shaun Livingston ELBOWED Steph Curry to the back of the head. A play that should have resulted in GSW technical free throws ended up costing us points and enabling the foul game at the end. Are you kidding me? What a shameful victory for the Nets and what a heartbreaker for the GSW who DESERVED their names in the history books after playing a back to back against one of the worst teams in the East, and that's saying a lot since the East is absolute garbage with the exception of Heat/Pacers. Yes I'm mad, especially FOR the Warriors.
Chadwick Carson::lordy forgot that play was ridiculous, I have to say that kg was a stud tonight but in the end those few calls affected the outcome and we never want refs deciding these things. would be alright if nets get in and make noise in the first round, for kg pierce and terry, it would be nice to see. I do hope for bigger things and I love the way coach Jackson expressed that in his postgame. im glad others caught that
Craig Keller::better to be pissed off than the opposite!
Kemala Martin::That was a huge play, refs were calling touch fouls all game and missed that one or turned a blind eye to it.
Josh Sweat::wow curry thats what you get for being a ball hog half the time
Kemala Martin::Curry is far from a ball hog.
Robert Lewis::Kemala Martin  that guy is a major Ball Hog! And so overrated, don't get me wrong he a great shooter,but he plays with no defense, that whole team has no defense. Golden State is a team that like 2 outscore their competition. They will never be elite playing the way they do.
Kemala Martin::Robert why don't you check stats before you comment, Dubs are 4th in the league in defense. Curry holds his own on D,  most of are players are defensive  players.
Ryan Normandin::nba ending the warriors win streak
Adrienne Carr Barnes::Well there you have it. Good game Nets. A 6-1, road trip is nothing to hang your heads about. We still believe; see ya on back in Cali!
Kemala Martin::That we believe stuff is for the 07 dub, this team is We Belong
Adrienne Carr Barnes::Kemala Martin, didn't know you were the slogan police? My bad. l believe (as I have for the past 20+ years); so go on and issue that arrest warrant.
Chad Wiggins::CROOOKLYN… in the house… these officials dont need to ever ref another nba game… EVER
Adrienne Carr Barnes::DubNation is cheering loud and proud for you guys...now go on and make a little NBA history!
Joe Edwards::No... Sleep... Till.............
Chad Wiggins::WHERE IS THE THE PUSH THERE….. some crooked officiating down the stretch… DIRTBAGS….
Josh Sweat::livingstons pushed off all night
Sean Patrick Coon::Josh Sweat after he got hacked by curry.
Wayne Polk::Sean Patrick Coon Livingston didn't get get hacked by Curry. He elbowed Curry in the back of the dome when he tried to hook him. Open your eyes and go watch the play again. The refs were  garbage all night. I won't blame them though.  The Warriors were tired.  2nd game of a b2b. 5th game in 7 days. Final game of a long grueling 7 game road trip. And they still almost won.  The Nets were a step faster. Good game. We got 6 outta 7 games on the trip and won 10 in a row. Goin back to the Bay!
Kemala Martin::Good game Nets, Dubs just didn't have enough in the tank, we'll get you back in Oakland.
Chad Wiggins::gosh dangit curry… u r a walking apple turnover
Al Sotowitz::Gosh dangit? Who are you Opie?
Jeffrey Cox::When you think of all the truly great teams that never had a 7(+)-0 road trip, it seemed almost sacrilegious for the W's to manage that.  Shows just how tiring it is at the end a long trip like that - the same team that beat Miami loses to a team like the Nets.  Still can't complain - after decades of rooting for a dismal team, we Warriors fans finally have something to be happy about!
Daniel Maresca::The dismal Nets as you put it, have bdeen playing well of late and not just beating crappy teams, so stop hating and give them credit as well as the Warriors. Both teams played their hearts out it was a good game and yes some of the calls were shameful, but get over it.
Jeffrey Cox::Geesh, did I say anything about "calls" or make any reference at all to the outcome not being fair?  Better yet, did I call the Nets "dismal" or disparage them in any way (other than alluding to the fact that they're not at the same level as the Heat)?   If you had read my post correctly, you'd have realized that I was referring to my Warriors as the "dismal" team - something they were for  a very, very VERY long time!    Reading Comprehension 101, Daniel.  Check it out.   :o)
Joham HiiPower Cherisme::Being a Nets fan and thinking about this game isn't going to be easy. The Warriors are younger, great shooters,better organized, and just beat last years champions. Nets have the size advantage but are playing with Deron Williams. ISO Joe and Pierce is the best options in this game and maybe Garnett. Each of the players I just name can isolate who ever is guarding him for a bucket. Anderson, Terry (Hopefully) Blatche, and Teletovic NEED to come up big against one the best shooting teams in the West if not the best.
Kemala Martin::I really hope the nets do isolation plays all games because the dubs are feasting defensively on isolation plays, iggy will shut down joe and especially pierce, go check the stats first before making an uniformed comment
Kemala Martin::*uninformed
Dakota Mckenzie::Kemala Joe Johnson sure did get stopped didn't he?
Craig Keller::Curry needs to be on all-star team, where no defense is played and his turnovers don't kill his team!!
Mike Vogel::You'd think the Warriors would be tired and a step slow tonight. Luckily, they're playing my Nets. Aagh!
Sean Patrick Coon::good call. lol
Bernard Jean::Curry fouled Livingston before Livingston fouled him, the whistle was just late.
Wayne Polk::B.S.! Besides the refs wrre garbage all night. A lot of calls went the Nets way. Watch the game again.
Kemala Martin::Nets playing their best ball, but d-will is out so that's a big blow, nets keep it close but not enough to pull it out 96-89 Dubs
Matt Beggs::just how clutch is Joe Johnson
Cvete Karamacoski::very
Chan Tern::Dubs 118 - Nets 87
Cvete Karamacoski::I hope you didn't bet on that
Jimmy Ruch::Fail
Chadwick Carson::some bad calls and no calls against the dubs late in this one, sad it comes to that. hats off to kg for inspiring his nets to play there best game of the year. how   bad was curry at the end of the 4th. should never have been handling the ball all those possessions. iggy gets hacked on the first to, and curry just throws it away, man this was for history and as a dubs fan im just bummed. it was a sweet run though.
Ryan Shannon::The Warriors need to make a move before the deadline. Backup PG with a healthy Ezeli, Oneal, Green, Barnes isn't so bad. Curry is playing waaaay too much and Iggy needs to step up a little on the offensive end. He's unselfish but nights like tonight is when he needs to help with the load.
Harold Nations::Yeah, but what do they have to offer?  hard to make a trade when your bench is already so shallow.  A bench that got out-scored by only 19 tonight.
Steve Broome::They had to give up depth to sign Iggy.  Not a ton of options, not sure why they signed Jermaine O'neal, sure he's been good in the 12 games he gives you in a season but what about when he gets hurt?
Ryan Shannon::They have a couple expiring deals. Tony Douglas and the pathetic Bazemore. Hinrich, Andre Miller and others are possible options. For the right player they might be able to make a bigger deal. It's not just the points...they were out rebounded by 17, out assisted and since they were so bad Jackson winds up playing the starters too long out of frustration. They did out foul the Nets though. They need a ball handler/playmaker.
Oscar Sylvan::Nice win for the Nets,but am I the only fan who's getting tired of Spike Lee's fronting? He may be from Brooklyn but he's supposed to be a diehard Knick fan,understandable since the Nets were strictly for the 'burb's during their first 4 decades of history.
David Aliamus::They shoot 3's all night, Curry pleads for foul calls and Thompson makes bad decisions!  Just hustle and PLAY BALL!!  Win streaks are good but the playoffs are nit individual games!  Better toughen up gentlemen!
David Aliamus::No bench toughness without Jarret Jack!
John Aliamus::Thanks bro. who cares if the Oakland A's winn 22 in a row, if you dont win the last game of the Playoff's your just a loser.
Kris Rulloda::This is why ESPN sucks, Warriors win 10 in a row and theyre in the back page of the NBA feed.  The lowly Nets beat the surging Warriors and are the highlight of the night.  GTFO with that crap, ESPN.
Wade Russ::Looks like things are coming together a bit for Brooklyn.  AK-47 is the energy this team needed.
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::this is what happens when teams dont have inside game.. just jack up 3s and pray that it goes in.
Lee Mcpherson::No inside game? So how did David Lee score 20? Are you sure that your game feed is working over there in Sydney?
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::Lee Mcpherson i call inside game as in low post.. not mid range. david less is good but his more like a david west.
Grant Lum::you realize david lee is number one in points in the paint right?
