MRCBX02::No way these guys are lasting 82 games plus 4 rounds of play offs. Knick fan here but would love to see a chip in NY no matter the borough but the fact remains both teams are flawed. Brooklyn will have the same problem the Knicks had last year with the vets breaking down before and during the play offs.  The Knicks will be ok without Chandler for a bit but the major flaw in the Knicks is their point guard play. Neither commits to attacking the basket. They need a point guard who is a threat to score in the paint to draw the defenders off of the shooters. They could also use a big with a low post game but the pg issue is more important.
Steven Hopkins::Jason Kidd as the coach? How monumental of a mistake could you make? He deserves all the respect one could give to a player but he is only one year removed from being one. An excellent player retired doesn't make one an instant coach despite his knowledge of the game. Prokhorov  goes out and spends lavishly for players, most of them veterans and then chooses a wet behind the ears coach in? Perhaps the plan should be to bench Kidd and then replace him with Garnett if they continue to lose. If he doesn't cut then perhaps Pierce should step in as coach.  Next up, the head ball boy, because he has done a great job of handling the basketballs.  Prokhorov is a gangster and a boyish thug with lots of money to spend. A "successful" businessman in wild west Russia but looking the part of a fool as a businessman in the States thus far.
The Sheeple Live::We need a steal and a score. Otherwise it's over.
emb001981::New Career High 5 Rebounds For Brook Lopez
Jay M.::Washington wins it in overtime, lol...
john paul g::Garnett and Pierce are not starters anymore.  They are old and slow.  Good bench players though and good leadership...but not starters.
Caveman::Just left Wiz game Nene was a beast down the stretch. Nene and Gortat play good together. Cant wait to see more.
David::Maybe Boston will take KG and PP back...probably not...heck the Nets will be lucky to finish ahead of the Celts as #$%$ as they're playin'.
BossMan::Two in a ROW!!  Break up the Wiz kids!!  Only 10 more to go...
Rico M::Beal is getting better and better.. John Wall if healthy is pretty good and now with a solid Center in Gortat the Wiz can possibly make the playoffs this year if they stay healthy.
