huskydu::love goes to the bench and the wolves get better.  anyone still shocked by this?
nbakerld::Gimme a break.  The way the NBA is followed is so dumb.  The ONLY reason Minnesota won is because they outrebounded Denver by a margin of 13.  Denver out shot them, and killed them in turnover margin.  Love has 17 rebounds, but Barea gets the headlines....
nyquilholic21::good win for the wolves.  no more injuries please.  it's actually encouraging that we are playing .500 ball with no consistency in our lineups. if we ever get healthy, we can definitely get into the playoffs and maybe win a a series if we get the right matchup.
Pusherman3::Embarrassing loss by Denver last night.  Poor effort,  Lawson was terrible (losing two big leads when he entered the game), McGee was terrible.  This team has no direction, no shooting and little focus.    Minnesota showed itself to be a tough minded squad last night, after getting stomped by utah the night before.  The Utah/Denver trip is a tough back to back.
Casey_Goose::McGee isnt much better then terrible anyway
Pusherman3::There is good JaVale and bad JaVale.  Good JaVale shows up about 1/2 the time and can drive this team forward (see, Clippers game).  Bad JaVale thinks he's LeBron and fails miserably, killing the team with stupid plays, bad defense and turnovers.  That guy showed up last night.
kane FTW::Barea is the key for Minnesota, when he is playing well Minnesota beats teams like OKC and now they beat Denver. For all I care we should trade K-love, he is just injured 80% of the time.
nbakerld::Trade K Love?  I'll take him on the Jazz, please.  T-Wolves won because of the rebounding advantage Love gave them.  His 17 rebounds helped them crush Denver on the glass.
schuma01::We just need Love to play like he did last year.  If his hand is still messed up then sit him and let it heal.  We can't put up with this crap for the rest of the season.  Love is a shell of what he was last year.  Obviously we need Ricky back, but we need All-star Kevin Love back too.
Viktor2013::In my opinion that is just sad. JJ shouldn't have to carry the offense, he should promote it. You can't rely on your PG to do all the scoring and that has been the Wolves Achilles, these guys need a solid SG now, if we trades Love for a more than decent SG and a couple of lottery we would be in the zone.
Casey_Goose::well it's nice that were 15-14 with a bad Kevin love and a 30% Ricky
01AmberBock::I hate it when the T-Wolves play DOWN to the team they are playing (Nuggets) almost cost them last night.
Eric62748::??? Denver would beat minny 70 out of 100 games
Busta Kappa::Ummm...no
Eric62748::coming from a Jazz fan
Casey_Goose::playing down? the nuggets are a legit team in the west, especially at home
Twinsbaseball8791::Wolves now 2-1 against Denver. Does not surprise me at all that team has a weird mix of guys. That Iguadala dude for Denver is lazy and only shows up half the nights.  And oh yeah K Love misses 4th quarter and we win..........hmmmmmmmm not surprised. Trade him.
Lakeshowbaby17::KEVIN LOVE IS FRAGILE AS $@%!. DAMN BRO!
mn_state_rep::Glad to see a Minnesota team finally beat a Denver/Colorado team!
Paint_Thinner_Packer_Fan::you mean for the second time in the last 30 days. Yeah it's been a while.
My Wolves Have No Talent::I wish denver fans would get f.ucking cancer. They are a bunch of sore losers and never give the other team credit.
jpogrady::I'm already counting down the days were ESPN has the 'Kevin Love Trade Watch' ticker on the bottom line.
diehardnr1::Wow...this has got to be the most frustrating team to root for in the league!  TONS of talent but only selective "want to" attitude.  I saw immediately that the Nuggets did not bring their A game to the Pepsi Center tonight..  They fell back into that mode at home, that I can only call the "LeStadt Mindset"..You know, the Vampire Diaries duel scene...where the vampire is drunk and lets the guy just stab away, amused by his own immortality.  Well...sometimes the villagers find a stake...this time it was in the form of Wolf-friendly refs  The officiating was HORRIBLE and it, once again, got into the Nuggets heads....Love should have put on a refs jersey, he influenced so many bad calls.  Oh well...Home streak gone and the high of Clipps win totally wasted.  I guess if you come out with a "we got this" attitude, you are going to get burned when the breaks go against you...  sigh...  GO NUGGETS!!!
BRAY5150::Terrible loss by Denver
Kobe Blames Pau for his bricks::Wolves= Trailblazers   injuries
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Poor Minnesota, they just can't catch a break.
jpogrady::We seem to catch a lot of "breaks"
log jamming::there's ur 2013 wolves again. im telling ya when they get healthy and find a groove its over
diehardnr1::Only if you guys get the same  officials from tonight for every game...
Busta Kappa::LOL HAHAHA You're cute...it's pathetic to hear how often fans blame officials..try rebounding and you probably win that game
TippinOn84s::bruh twolves just suck even when healthy
StCloudGopher::<b>"when"</b> is the key word.
StCloudGopher::Just realized Love is shooting 35% on the year. He really is the ultimate stat-sheet stuffer.
EL_ABALLARDE::Frodo!!!!
Murphy55410::Kevin Love = One Year Wonder
The Real Andre Herring::Hopefully Love isn't out for a few weeks with his "finger" injury. Wolves can't do it without him.
Greg Oden is his Grandpa and Delonte his Dad::1st round exits at best... talkin about both teams
1965jjhelenstan::Started betting with a system called Sportsbettingstar now for a couple of months. I found this on the first page of google by searching for sports betting systems. Since I started I have made around $3,000 a month just following it. Ive tried a few systems in the past and nothing compares to how well this one does.
BillyJoelsSecondWifeFan::Nice win for T-Wolves! On the way to the playoffs
Rip City Forever::"I think Minnesota at times plays better without Love," Karl said. "They're kind of a machine-like offense. They give guys different opportunities."
BRAY5150::Great so we know u read the article
sports guy12::does Karl know that Faried might need to play more than 25 minutes to be effective?
Pusherman3::He was in foul trouble in the first half.  the refs stopped the game every possession.
Rip City Forever::Wow just looked at Kevin loves numbers for the first time in a while...what a drop off...can you say brick???
tjroden05::As numerous people have said, he would never be more valuable as trade bait than right now
Mattd7152::Nice to see rid and jj play well together tonight.
humanalove::Can someone, anyone, please teach Lawson how to stay with his man on defense. Please.
AlexanderG_7::Does anybody else think koufos is having a great year thus far?
.Be..Like...Water::Denver needs a shooter.  Even some scrub like Barea would be huge for Denver.  They should have resigned JR Smith.
StormGreen5::^ It did the trick against your scrub team.
SlappaDaBaseMon::That "scrub" lit you up tonight
Butuss::17 points isn't really "lighting" someone up.
Erban Legend was a good boy.::Minnesota sports sucks
StormGreen5::Good input, Timmy.
josho33::Classic. Team beats Clippers, loses next game. Usually it's the Lakers, but with the role reversal in LA these days, it's the Clippers. I've made thousands of $$$ betting against teams the game after they beat the Lakers/Clippers.
Tyler BarnesMNSports::I'm out. See you all later Go Wolves!
Nacho5911::see ya
SHADY MCCOYY::<b>NY Knicks = 1 playoff win in 12 years    JOKE OF THE NBA FOR MORE THAN A DECADE LOL</b>
felis silvestris::wolves
Tyler BarnesMNSports::I'm happy for Mike Redmond. He was a nice guy, and an alright player for my twins. Glad to see him be hired as the manager for the Marlins, even though he was left in a mess.
Damian Lamonte Ollie Lillard::*Made by Jeffrey Loria.
Tyler BarnesMNSports::And I don't even know how long Stanton will stay. I have heard Stanton trade rumors.
Damian Lamonte Ollie Lillard::To be honest, this is a horribly run team. The Marlins have always done this. They always have the major overhaul of the roster after every other season. Mike Redmond is literally left with a AAA roster except for Stanton.
Tyler BarnesMNSports::Yep.
Damian Lamonte Ollie Lillard::@Tyler, the NL East has become so much easier now that the Marlins have gutted the team. Dickey's off the Mets, but the Phillies have improved somewhat, and the Nats are still good. The AL East has become much harder for my Yankees, but I can't complain. I like competitive baseball.
MinniWolves90::I see it as a two team race, Braves and Nats. But Nats can be SCARY good next year.
Damian Lamonte Ollie Lillard::Nats' rotation is scary good, and if Bryce Harper can improve his batting, they will be a team to fear.
Tyler BarnesMNSports::It's going to be exciting. I think we can compete with the Nats.
Tyler BarnesMNSports::It's going to come down to the Braves and Nationals for the NL East title. Maybe the Phillies, but i sure hope not.
Damian Lamonte Ollie Lillard::The Michael Young addition was a move I liked. He's declining, but still a serviceable hitter that can man the infield. But their core is aging.
Nacho5911::NL Central is an underrated division IMO
Percy Starvin 12::Trexxus.... I base it off watching this team win without Love on a consistent basis.  And watchin them lose with Love on a consistent basis.
romeo8880::If the glove doesn't fit, you must acquit.
Damian Lamonte Ollie Lillard::You Minny fans should come to the Rose Garden if you ever have a chance.  Great venue, and it's a loud atmosphere. If the Blazers score 100, they give you coupons for Taco Bell Chalupas, and they sometimes give you coupons for IHOP all you can eat pancakes, Burgerville milkshakes, and Buffalo Wild Wings free wings and ect.
mdfrg::chalupas sounds weird
Damian Lamonte Ollie Lillard::Their tasty, though.
Wolvesfresh::Yeah I've always liked the Rose Garden, for the reasons you mentioned.
Damian Lamonte Ollie Lillard::I love food. That's why I love that place.  :)
YinBallaz::Kevin love is terrible this year. Griffin and duncan are both more productive than him
mdfrg::americans i dont get it. why you go to NFL games although ticket costs half of your monthly income. it is a robbery
Tyler BarnesMNSports::MinniWolves90 Yeah man! Love em. Believe we may have one of the best outfields in baseball next year (if Prado plays left). I'm hoping for another pretty good season. Would like it to go longer than 163 games, for sure lol. ================================ For sure! I really like the Upton addition. I'm looking forward to baseball season! Go Twins, and Go Braves!
Trexxus::No way the Wolves should trade Love, with that I'm out.
Wolvesfresh::Good riddance
Tyler BarnesMNSports::I've been to The Metrodome, Lambeau Field, Soldier Field, and Lucas Oil Stadium. I liked Lucas Oil Stadium the best
aaronc426::Over Lambaeu- your an idiot then
DrawohWasHere::What's going to happen to Jim and Pam after the series is over?
Nacho5911::what's that pic of it's familiar
Damian Lamonte Ollie Lillard::WHAT?  IT'S ENDING?  =-O
MinniWolves90::Love is a better player than Rubio, but Rubio is more valuable, for sure. Can't wait till we get healthy, if that's even possible.
Ya Boi Chris 69 69::Steven Ash and Paul Gasol for Ricky Rubeo, Kevin  Love, and Brandon Roy
Alex47666::cant trade injured players
DrawohWasHere::Judging from the comments on this board, I gather there's a snow day in Minnesota tomorrow.
Wolvesfresh::Wolves record without Rubio last year when Love was 100% and stuffing the stat sheet like we've never seen before........ 5-20.
StormGreen5::Are you telling me that Wes Johnson, Michael Beasley, Darko Milicic, and Anthony Randolph are comparable to Anderson Varejao, Zydrunas Ilgauskas, Delonte West, and Ben Wallace. Seriously? His surrounding cast was clearly above average. West&gt;Johnson- Varejao&gt;Beasley- Ilgauskas&gt;Milicic. Wallace&gt;Randolph
mdfrg::Love could be useful but he needs to adjust game and play more D. now he is the same stupid baller as Mayo (people often compare them)
Trexxus::And look at the deadwieght that was on that team, one person can't do it himself with the garbage that was on that team, once he got Rubio in to help him they played better.
Wolvesfresh::Go look up the Cavs 2007 roster, and you tell me if his surrounding cast was anywhere near average.
Trexxus::Oh BS, he had decent players around him, none of them were anywhere near the garbage on the Wolves last year for sure. Bad comparison.
Wolvesfresh::Please......Lebron had nothing but deadweight on his 2007 team and he took them to the Finals. If Love should be considered a superstar, he needs to lead the team to a respectable record first. No excuses.
