CosTribeFan12::Did anybody notice Andy's 17 boards? Holy crap!
supreme91::At least noone wnt like this post...
DogOnLoose::Cavs have the 8th seed for now, nice for them. Grats to the rookie Kyrie too
brownsjoe::move chat to lakers!!
UHcougar_14::I gotta admit that I am surprised the way Kyrie has played so far. I though he was extremely overrated because he played bad teams in college and still only had average stats. He seems to fit in well with Cleveland
mpillion15::for every article about kyrie irving they start it with "Only playing 11 games at Duke" espn journalists we get it he only played 11 games in college no need to keep repeating i mean the kids good and all but cmon
hulKKNUPE::Go Kyriiiieeeeeeee!!!! Go Duke! Go Dukies!
mark35345::This Phoenix team is terrible. They looked awful against the Lakers. I feel sorry for the Suns' fans. They used to be competitive and fun to watch.
mrdeeds17::Dang Irving did real good man
R.Pgh::Give this kid a few more scoring options and he'll average 8-9 apg.  Glad he's proving he's the real deal.  I was happy they took him over Williams, but didn't think he'd come out swinging like this.  I questioned the TT pick at the time, but he's proved me wrong so far.  Cavs are definitely building a nice young team.  Hopefully they can make some moves during the season and get another 1st round pick in the upcoming draft b/c at this rate, they may not end up with a top 10 pick.
darnkev::As a cavs fan, I really don't want them to win too many games this year.. If we wanna be a legit contender, we need to be in the lottery again.  We don't have all the peices yet.  The only way we can get them is to stink for another year or two.  Like Bruce Drennan says, "The worst position is to be battling for the 8th seed."
SevenDeadlies::Anyone else kind of find it weird that in basketball it is better to completely suck and hope for the better(it isn't like the draft is 100% even if you get lucky in the lotto) then play halfway decent in the mean time.  I understand the goal is greatness but it is subjecting the fan base to terrible performances night in and out  without any guarantee of a return on that suckiness.
SamuelQbell::Let me ask Cleveland fans a question? I am a huge duke fan.. I remember last year when you guys drafted Kyrie and if I can recall some Cleveland fans were like they didn't want Kyrie, they rather have Williams, or Kanter. Honest answers do the ones who said that change their opinion. Answer only if you didn't want Kyrie, or do you still feel the same.
RichNagy::I wanted Williams and Knight, guess that's why I'm not a gm. At least it seems that way so far.
TheTristanShow::I did want Kyrie. I knew he was the best talent. However, I had my mind set on Valanciunas for #4... Tristan has proved me wrong so far.
dave s 0942::To me, it didn't really matter.  The CAVS had the #1 and #4 pick in last year's draft.  They'd BETTER get TWO good players!
BuckeyeBum02::I wanted williams back before the draft, but Kyrie has totally won me over. Coach K must do a heck of a job recruiting these guys
rockndoc3::Those people wont admit it.   Some wanted Williams and Knight.  I thought about that too, but in the end the Cavs did right by selecting K2.  Coach K didnt have enough time with him to turn him into a robot.   Looks like 11 games was enough!
wmannab::Wow the Suns really suck., if they lost to the Cavs at home.
Doug - Masters::You didn't watch the game. Bottom line, cavs played HARD!!! And considering the shakeup that team is in, and facing, and the rookies..... it's awesome. It was also a great game. You should try watching the games and enjoying them, as opposed to just hating for hatred's sake.
cleb976::My fellow Suns fans are annoying me...they're talking about how bad we are right now, and we really haven't lost to any bad teams so far...Cavs aren't great but they've got a good team cooking right now and it showed in that game.
Euro-Hoops::I will be the first admit, I had the cavs picking up their fifth win sometime in March, but they are playing good team basketball.  Irving is a great addition, by Byron Scott should be commended as well.  You give Scott a good, young PG and he picks up wins, always has.
TMBOCAGE::Look at the rook!!! ballin on old man Nash!!!
rockndoc3::This is kinda cool watching real basketball again.  I forgot about how the ball could move around the court and 5 guys were allowed to touch it.
junkmailboy1000::keep it up Irving
KentAZ58::Suns lose by 11 to the lowly Cavs.  It's gonna be a long season in Phoenix, unfortunately.
erie689::Stop getting profiles of other teams strictly based on HEATspn.  With the exception of three games (2 Toronto/1 Portland) the Cavs have been competitive in every game they've played.  Last year, they went through a major overall and played a bunch of rookies.  Two of the three vets that were still left in Cleveland that played with LBJ, were out for most of the season with injuries.  If you play a bunch of rookies, you're going to get a 19 win season.  Well, all of the vets are back and healthy, the rookies of last year now have a full year under their belt, and the have two very good rookies on the roster.  These are not the same Cavs from last year.
Doug - Masters::Give credit where credit is due man. Cavs won, cavs played hard, cavs beat out a good team. $@%!$@ loser.
cleb976::Why is it only other teams fans give the Suns credit...my fellow fans are crap!
moecurlythanu::Hey Kent...News flash...It's not last year.
IZBTM2::Cavs are 5-5, Suns are 4-6. What are you talking about? Lowly Cavs?
kory311::They aren't really that lowly, at least right now. Give them time
bighouse614::Yeah Cavs!!!!! Great road win!!!!!! Who needs Ohio Suckeye Alum Lebron James.
CUR71S::LOL @ the lebron hate after he did everything for the team.
HAWK1912::Lebron never went to Ohio State. He just acts like it.
gc0225::We're talking cavs.  Go to the Heat board if you want to be a $@%!$@
IZBTM2::Go on the Heat boards if you want to talk about LeBron
kory311::Kent, learn about basketball. No one wanted to come to Cleveland because Lebron wouldn't make any type of commitment to staying. Gilbert, love him or hate him, did everything he could. Th eonly thing I can fault him in is that he allowed Lebron and his friends to do anything they wanted to, because he was scared to say no to him for fear he would bolt
gc0225::I credit delonte west...and gilbert went after every free agent lebron felt was better for the team
KentAZ58::Yes, LeBron only carried an otherwise D-league squad to the Finals.    You folks should direct your rage not at LeBron but rather that moron who owns the team, Dan Gilbert, for not getting James any real help over 7 years.
clevsteamerz::your a fyckin idiot
clevsteamerz::lick ballz fyg
clevsteamerz::your a fyckin idiot
CosmoKramer1444::LOL at them being a good team. Jordan couldn't have won a title with Hughes,Pavlovic,Z,Gooden, and Varejao.
erie689::You need to accept that people outside of Ohio dislike Lebron James.  He's polled as the second most disliked NBA player.  Obviously from the "Ohio Suckeyes" comment (Lebron went from high school to the pros by the way) this person is not from Ohio.
Doug - Masters::You're a $@%!$@% idiot. And you don't watch basketball man. That was a good team, full of good players. Read shaqs book, Lebron was a great player but the dude was poison. Poisoned the locker room. None of those guys wanted to play for lebron cause Lebron had an attitude, lebron can't be coached, lebron disappears on them and lebron was a liar. Hell did you even watch a cavs game during Lebron's stint with them? Probably not, cause you a useless stat crawler. You have no real basis or rationale to state that that cavs team sucked. Unless you're gonna point to last season, like all you haters do. That cavs that played last year had lost 3 starters ( yes three ) and their head coach. $@%! the lakers wouldn't win 40 games if they lost Kobe, Pau, bynum and phil jackson.
dbaerry::irving is looking solid. hell, hes playin better than jamison
erie689::Wrong.  Jamison is averaging 17.3 PPG @ .423 FG%.  Irving is averaging 16.6 PPG @ .470 FG%.  They're both turning in strong, consistant games, with Jamison ranked 20th in the league in scoring.  Just because Jamison is an older player, the guy is still ballin'.
kory311::At this point in his career, I don't think that is very tough to do.
RayKrebbs1978::The Cavaliers are definitely surprising people.  It's fun to see the idiots who have ripped on them in the last year have shut up a little.  Check this out - http://www.lakecounty-sentinel.com/index.php?p=51_11
mikeyp2307::Oh my God its a Cavs highlight
mikeyp2307::that was a close one.
SNight322::About Michael Redd! But it was almost hijacked by Kyrie.
blackshirtsscary::anyone watching magic golden state game good game. for some reason i like watching golden state
adamvogltanz::If they win this one they will have arguably beat the 3 best teams in the East
Antsea91::Magic top 3? Unlikely
sugarglyder::They're golden.  Gold massages the pleasure center of your brain.
sugarglyder::I made that up.  If I repeat it 3 times, however, you will start believing it.
blackshirtsscary::i thought that was red that did that
mikeyp2307::Before I go, I just want to say that the Cavs have played better than I thought they would so far on this road trip. They just need to finish it out strong. The future looks bright fellow Cav fans. Enjoy the ride. Go Cavs!
Rorick30::Kyrie will be alright he's just adjusting to playing against the next level of better competition. I watched his 11 games at Duke last year this kid is unbelievable. I kinda wish Duke  got a full year out of him by him staying this year, we could use his help against UNC plus he made everyone around him that much better. Especially Mason Plumlee.  If he starts connecting with the Cav's big guys like he did with plumlee last year that will be huge for you guys.
KentAZ58::The future looks bright for the Cavs?? Really?? Did Gilbert sell the team to someone competent?
clevsteamerz::your a fyckin d-bag kent
IZBTM2::Kent, I'm sorry you can't troll because the Suns lost. Good luck with the season.
sugarglyder::Kyrie's playing like an excellent shooting guard right now.  The problem is that he's a PG.
perrypete::excellent shooting guard but a point guard, turns the ball over too much, makes bad decisions?  sounds like irving is derrick rose that plays a little defense!
sugarglyder::Kyrie just needs to make better decisions with the ball.  When he starts doing that, the Cavs will start winning more games, imo.
NegSpace::Not bad for a rookie in his first 10 games...
sugarglyder::Kyrie's turning the ball over just a bit too much for my tastes these last 4 games.  19 turnovers vs. 21 assists or something like that?
SNight322::I like that he's trying. Last year, it seemed like they didn't know how to.
perrypete::and derrick rose makes good decisions?
TDJimBrown::is there anybody out there?
SNight322::yo
MeadBucky::Hello!
sugarglyder::STOP LIKING MY POSTS ALREADY!!!!  STOP IT!!!  ENOUGH IS ENOUGH@!!!!!!!!!@@@@@@@
sugarglyder::3V 798 78L7 AW89SG7W8A7 LGSZY LBY3YLGB8WZ L SVYLISZYL8VY8
mikeyp2307::tee hee
sugarglyder::WHY??????????????????
sugarglyder::.
blackshirtsscary::what do you cav fans think of Ohio state and there bowl ban?
sugarglyder::An angry cussing Urban Legend will lead the Buckeyes to a 'ship soon after the bowl ban.
SNight322::Okay, a riff on college sports. Either pay the players or stop making it so competitive. I went to college. Even a top one for my major. Our academic dept. head wasn't "Oh, we have to beat Missouri this year to have any respect with our boosters." You go to college to learn, you get the career to succeed.
SNight322::And it'll turn into a bidding war like pro sports used to be pre-drafts.
blackshirtsscary::yea but i here in the future they are going to start giving them more
SNight322::If you're going to make millions off them, then let them get their cut.
blackshirtsscary::yea i agree should pay them
SNight322::I'm okay with it. Not big on college football anyway. Too cutthroat.
SNight322::They're games. If they're entertaining and well-played, it doesn't matter if it's pee-wee, varsity, DIII, BCS, NFL or the Senior Olympics. I can enjoy effort on its own terms.
blackshirtsscary::really? i like college football more than NFL but i like NBA more than i like college basketball strange.
MeadBucky::Eh, one year isn't going to affect them that much.
blackshirtsscary::but i can root for creighton though they are in the top 25
blackshirtsscary::ha yea they are just awful atleast we beat penn state though even though anyone could beat them
adamvogltanz::How bout that Husker Hoops team?   Hmmmm........When's the spring game again?
MeadBucky::With Bollman gone, expect their offensive playcalling and O-line to improve
blackshirtsscary::really well i hope it affects them big time that way nebraska would get 2 wins in a row agianst the buckeyes.
mikeyp2307::How is Kyrie's layup not a top 10 play? Can someone explain that to me? And how in the name of Moses was that dunk by Howard #2? Are you kidding me ESPN?
TDJimBrown::How many top ten had the heat?
mikeyp2307::Your probably right and thats sad.
SNight322::See the name of the city he was wearing on the front of his jersey? I think that had something to do with it.
brownsjoe::what would be great was if cleveland drafted sullenger out of ohio state
Davo 2149::Too slow. No ups. I would not want him!
sugarglyder::Sullinger's already reached his ceiling.  He really hasn't improved over his freshman season.
cmccoy04::and he won't get all the calls he gets now. You can't even touch him or its a foul
mikeyp2307::i agree. I think that when he goes up against NBA level talent, he will have trouble doing the things he does now.
TDJimBrown::might be too small for center and not athletic enough for PF
cmccoy04::nailed it
mikeyp2307::I personally think he wont be a good nba player. I hope he proves me wrong but there is just something about him that worries me.
cmccoy04::he is too small to play down low and his outside game sucks.He will suck in the nba
brownsjoe::injuries???
TDJimBrown::cavs already said they liked him as a player last year
brownsjoe::well you know if we make the PO thats our guy
cmccoy04::sullinger will be a bust in the nba
erie689::He won't be a bust, but he definitely will not fit into the Cavs offense.
blackshirtsscary::ohio state sucks well not there basketball team
gc0225::no $@%! sherlock.  wait till next year
KingGeorge53::If we do, I hope it's b/c we got him lower in the 1st round.    There are a lot of players this team could use above him.   IMHO
SNight322::After this draft...in Grant I Trust.
blackshirtsscary::if you like this you admit you had a gay experience once in your life time.
blackshirtsscary::wow only one like.
sugarglyder::Stop liking my posts!!!!!!!!!!!!  Enough already!!!
brownsjoe::im out thanks for the laughs talk to all after the lake game tomorrow go cavs!!
KingGeorge53::I'm starting to worry about winning this many games.   I hope we lose a lot more.   Detroit has a good C and young PG and are at the head of the class for the top lottery pick.
arizonasportsman::Just because Det has a worst record doesn't mean they will be lottery. It is all in the ping pong balls.
KingGeorge53::true.   But I'd like to at least get a pingpong ball to be in the game.
mikeyp2307::I think Gilbert, Grant, Scott wont let them win too many. They know the importance of this upcoming draft.
TDJimBrown::this class is supposed to be deep though.
TDJimBrown::Just look at some of the names coming out. Sullinger, Rivers, Kid-Gilchrist, Barnes, Lamb to name a few
KingGeorge53::I keep hearing those rumors.    Last year's was suppose to be weak, but how come everyone keeps talking about all the great rookies?
brownsjoe::everybody look at this!!! http://www.nba.com/statistics/playoff_picture.html
brownsjoe::hahahha
SNight322::But who would have home court advantage in the Lakers-Clippers series?
SNight322::People who continue mentioning a certain player are kind of like that psycho ex who dumps you and then calls you twice a day to remind you you'll never find anyone like her. WE'VE MOVED ON, YOU IDIOTS!
mikeyp2307::bu...bu...bu... according to espn, we havent!
KingGeorge53::espn has become the National enquirer.   They can't find the news so they start making stuff up.
TDJimBrown::it's tough wearing the pants sometimes
jpware11::Cool another player for a good team to take. No one wants to stay in the butt hole of the U.S (i.e Ohio)
blackshirtsscary::well i live in nebraska so i know what butt hole usa state is
SNight322::You came all the way to a message board just to lay out weak stuff like that? Get a life.
KingGeorge53::Notice jp doesn't say where she's from.
mikeyp2307::u mad?
JHCASHION::THEY LIKE ME...THEY REALLY LIKE ME
blackshirtsscary::if this comment is liked i will win the lottery tomarrow and i will drop 10 pounds this week and get a six pack.
TDJimBrown::pay a nba player for 10 years
blackshirtsscary::yea id give it all to steve nash
blackshirtsscary::sure i mean what im i gonna do with 50 million?
SNight322::Since I liked it, can I get $100 as my cut? I think that would be fair.
InfinitySprout::I am thrilled the Cavs got Irving... bringing a little life to Cleveland!
JHCASHION::Maybe Ill just go to the Orlando chat board to post a comment that doesnt get liked
YUDI4400::it makes me feel special
Trolls Are Us_Suspended account 2::lebron &gt; kyrie.  go ahead, hate on lebron all you want. im just stating a simple obvious fact.
mikeyp2307::haha. I love when he fails.
KingGeorge53::The crazy thing is Trolls had to post that.    Must be lonely when your hero doesn't play in the 4th Q
brownsjoe::flag him!!!
SNight322::My maturity and class &gt; yours. Don't bother hating. it's just fact.
supreme91::really tho??
brownsjoe::no wonder youve been suspended before
mikeyp2307::umm. No $@%!?
navyslson1::Well, I'm calling it a night. Keep faith and be safe all. Go Cavs!
Steve Blake is a lepricon::don't worry you cavs will be below .500 tomorrow
mikeyp2307::I cant wait till the Lakers are a bad team. Lets see how many of them convert to be a Clip fan.
brownsjoe::i wouldnt be so sure
SNight322::It's okay. We've been there before. We can handle it. We're tough.
TDJimBrown::higher draft pick for us
SNight322::Anyone check out the Hollinger stat ranking?
YUDI4400::Is there a reason every time the cavs highlight is about to be shown it is skipped over? If rubio played like kyrie tonight they would have a 3 part special on it.
mikeyp2307::ESPN cracks me up. Lets skip the Cavs/Suns highlights, but lets play the Bucks/Pistons highlights.
MeadBucky::They needed to do 3 stories on Tebow
SNight322::It's a "punch the hippie" thing, and we're the hippie.
convolutedthought::kyrie...that kid is good...i had doubts but good for cavs to have a new rising star
navyslson1::Onomatopoeia..
navyslson1::BAM! straight up
MeadBucky::Great word.
mikeyp2307::It will be a sad day when Nash retires. One of the best in every aspect.
navyslson1::Just in college and been too busy to pay attention to the NBA lately. I've got mad respect for the two time MVP!!!
blackshirtsscary::navyslson 1 watch the way he plays its the way basketball should be played
mikeyp2307::He deserves it more than any of these prima donna athletes. He put in the time and effort and made all the sacrifices to help his team win. Cant say that about many of these guys playing now.
blackshirtsscary::i wouldnt mind for the suns to trade him away to a championship contender team to let him have a chance at one thats how much i think nash should get a ring.
navyslson1::I didn't know he was still playing haha my b, i guess.
blackshirtsscary::Sad.
KingGeorge53::agree.    Would've loved to have him on our team.    A Great player and a better person.
blackshirtsscary::yea wish he could get a ring before he retires that guy deserves it just like dirk did last year nash should get one.
brownsjoe::this chat is still rockin!
JHCASHION::aijfodjfioandfiondffaijdoiajofjadjfa;djf;oaidfjaoisfj;adisjfjcnmkmnhjeiojf;oanmdicm
