Huntersg5::I hope the dubs can beat the heat that be a great win for us
hipma12::Curry for MVP...... Eh at least All-star
Huntersg5::Heck he be both
Jayjaybe11::Dude, it's only early December, not late March.  But I am onboard the Steph bandwagon.  Hopefully, his ankles stay strong this season.
coolkatz321::More proof that the Knicks' loss in Brooklyn, without Kidd, was a fluke. The Nets are going to get crushed at the Garden in a couple of weeks.
eaglesnumb20::Last year in April*
eaglesnumb20::haha the Knicks are always gonna talk, don't worry it's not that hard to win at the garden, remember when D-Will torched you and Jeremy Lin that night...what was it 9 points in 40 seconds? I'm not worried about the Knicks tough talk, cause frankly they can't back it up. out point guard advantage is HUGE in our favor, ill take that anyday.
TheKilbo::Sounds like your rationalizing....
wilcox1232::the nets just arent a good team and they have a ton of money commited
wilcox1232::was that the lakers bench playing for brooklyn last night?
dychen::Deron Williams or Damian Lillard?  For what they are paying DWill, I'd think I would've rather kept the draft pick and let him go.  Wallace isn't worth much either way.
Seth92731::Draymond Green is a winner.  This team will succeed because they have him.  Wait for it...
grizzle550::Giants=Good, niners=good, warriors=good, sharks= probably would still be good, athletics (not an a's fan)= good... Yep the bay is repping the sports world
TheAntTony::Poor Raiders.
ALLforthelulz::yea the 49ers are really bad right? nice credential you got there. any other opinions for everyone to ignore?
dreamhax::the niners aren't good.
pismohoops::you are right, they are very good
t_keefe::Warriors!  I like the stat that the last time the W's went even 4-3 on a 7 game road trip was 70-71.  Time to beat that.
Gmenftw::#KNICKSTAPE!
OaklandRaiderFan2105::LIKE THIS IF YOU THINK THE WARRIORS WILL MAKE IT TO AT LEAST THE SECOND ROUND OF THE PLAYOFFS!!!!!!
vikg43::If David Lee keeps playing like this, he's going to make a name for himself.
rondu33::Lee has been playing this way since he was with the Knicks. Walking double double, can score with either hand. Great numbers, NO defense.
ALLforthelulz::....not sure if sarcastic? whether yes or no, if you don't know how David Lee is you are point blank a fair-weather fan of the NBA
721Antonio::Mark Jackson is the MAN!!! LIKE THIS IF U AGREE!!! :)
ALLforthelulz::I've been rooting for him since he got the job but I miss his broadcasting. "Mama there goes that man"
JrueRandallHoliday::LOL... Blatche playing for a fat, new contract (he'll probably get it, too).
danielt818::Where's that moron who guaranteed a Nets blowout? lol
BaySports 1.1::Festus is the bestus.
snoopysdogghouse::david lee killing it!
stayeduptolate21::vote steph curry to all star game its crazy what this kid is doing this year.!
sherman the man::Kill a Commie For Mommie
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Not sure how old the people that say the nets "suck" are (kind of teen-agerish)...considering being in 2nd place. But to ALL those that 4 times this year came to the Knicks page to trash our team for losing and the rest that come even when we win to downplay it, and the rest that come to say the nets run N.Y. after you beat us in OT without Kidd, Amar'e, Shumpert and Camy this is for you.   HA!!!!
cjbrown4587::Not to mention Gerald Floppace and him getting warned on a critical possession that Melo got called for an offensive foul.  Can't wait to play these punks in the Garden
Carbon-based::Nets = commie pinko
lionstigersspartyohmy::Golden State = this decade's 7 seconds or less Suns
Carbon-based::Nets suck
The Gambler is back::HAHAHA The Nets suck
Jail Blazer::Marshon Brooks needs more minutes or a new team
jeff050578::Best move Dubs have made recently is signing M Jackson as their head coach. He makes them play D and breeds toughness.
jeff050578::2-0 to start this long road trip. Go Dubs
longgrassgrows::Warriors are playoff bound
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::Great win Dubs, I was worried about this and the road game vs. the Heat in this stretch, so getting either one is good and Miami's defense has been mediocre this year.
HakeemKnicks::Deron Williams is $@%!$@% awful.  Dude is the biggest chuck in the league.
rolandc22::It looks like these Warriors are playing with a lot of confidence, right now and winning on the road!  That's the sign of a playoff team.  Go Dubs!!
HePutsItIn::Amare Stoudemire for David Lee. Get it done Knicks.....
Met14214::LoooL...No thank you, You can keep david Lee. Amare is fine in NYC
NinerEmpire85::Who is A'Marie?
sherman the man::LEE off the bench or A'Marie off the bench. hmmmmmm
oOARaiderOo::Never.
outkastD::nah
jeff050578::Knicks had there chance w/ Lee. Plus we dont want Stoudemire
Marlayallday::lol no
longgrassgrows::$@%! NO
Njersey5389::Same Old Sorry $@% Nets......  And I have been watching you losers since the Teaneck Armory......
WarriorsWarrior::Warriors fans know
_Neanderthal Hipster 2.0_::i have a feeling d-wade will turn it up once GSW r in town : |
rbaran13::I'm a heat fan who went to the game last year... what a game. I'm sure the Heat remember it clearly and will be out for revenge. Don't mind losing to the warriors though as a bay area resident now. I'll be at the next one too
cjbrown4587::Well since Bosh is a reptile, just take away his heat lamp, and he'll shrivel up and disappear.
Raiders Godfather333::Bosh scares the hell out of me. Ezeli is not fast enough to stay with him!
M.Bishop19::Yeah he &amp; the rest of the Heat definitely remember that game from last year
M.Bishop19::Draymond Green plus 17 gotta love him
Pr0ject_sky::Should be interesting in the heat game. They should start Green and put him on LBJ.
M.Bishop19::If he can make plays against Lebron then we'll know he's the real deal
NYKnicks0123::Shout out to David Lee man that ni99a nice
HePutsItIn::never a bad thing to say about Lee from knicks fans.....
mdtuzo::Wow lotta warriors fans here tonight...
_Neanderthal Hipster 2.0_::just watching the lakers getting out-hustled :)
CBass1317::I always knew Blatche was a beast.  Just had to get him the right spot.  Washington is such a graveyard for players recently.
JrueRandallHoliday::He should be playing nice... he's playing for another pay day!
satar1::Warriors! What do you think our road trip record will end with them now beating nets possibly 6-1 or 5-2
rolandc22::10-0!!!
M.Bishop19::There's no reason we can't compete vs the Heat and Hawks
Raiders Godfather333::4-3 or 3-4. The hard games begin after the Wizard's game!
_Neanderthal Hipster 2.0_::i would be VERY happy if we could go 4-3
Cappiethedog::Extend that lead before Nash returns.
mdtuzo::Gg warriors fans... Seems like the nets figured out their second half woes but I guess not...
WarriorsWarrior::Kobe is a great player but acts like it!  Ugh!
LightsGoDown::Buy in and chemistry can rival talent on paper any day of the week and have proven to be more important time and time again.
crivera330::Do you guys think Kobe is still talking that we don't need to practice defense crap?  67 in one half? Sounds like a D'Antoni team
---teethmold---::It will be funny when they miss the playoffs!
crivera330::Howard shooting 3's now... Yup D'Antoni is the coach in LA
---teethmold---::The Lakers will regret not kissing Phil Jackson's rings, by not giving him what he wanted when they had the chance.
---teethmold---::Kobe is the real owner of that team, Buss just writes the checks! Kobe wanted a puppet, that's why D'antoni got hired!
crivera330::Jim Buss should have called Rex Ryan and asked how well that worked out for him.
_Neanderthal Hipster 2.0_::ninja turtle going insane
redevelopmentguy::Great to see the Warriors playing so well.  Hope they keep it up.
zeidan::Do the Warriors get better or worse when Andrew Bogut gets back?
Marlayallday::Bogut played really well with David Lee in the post in the few games he was in
OAKadam::Bogut can only improve the Warriors' game. None of their actual 5s are anywhere near as good as Bogut at passing, defense or rebounding. And if he can make any kind of contribution on the offensive end so far as scoring goes the Dubs will be a tough team to beat. Now we only need to get him back...
troy_green1::Better in the half court against teams who can control the tempo and keep the pace slow.
Timdiz85::slightly better...
_Neanderthal Hipster 2.0_::Much better :-P
_Neanderthal Hipster 2.0_::OKC Thunder are legit
Scott754092::if your looking to make a little extra money for Xmas click here:http://ezmoneymethod2x.com/powers123
zeidan::Warriors are 5 games over .500??? What's going on here
LightsGoDown::Well the world ends in a few weeks so of course the Basketball gods decided to give us a decent team this year
_Neanderthal Hipster 2.0_::---&gt; :) &lt;---
