perrypete::bucks have no chance to win unless they move jennings to the two guard and start livingston.  there is no possible way livingston should not be running the point when he is in the game!
airlogan23::how goods denvar
washheightsboy::Wierd.  The Nuggets are trying to play basketball like it's a team sport, yet they are winning.  Wish Melo was back.  All this passing is giving me a stiff neck.
Duckboy38::The Nuggets got Brewer and Fernandez from the Mavs for a 2nd rd pick in 2016.   I realize the Mavs were trying to dump salary, but it was still highway robbery by the Nuggets front office.   Everyone said Brewer was just a defensive player.   Love it
FlaGator3131::I agree to the fullest.  Though Brewer has had a couple of good offensive games lately im still skeptical if he can do this throughout the season.  I would love to see him be able to though.  Im a big Corey Brewer fan he's a very good kid.  Hopefully, this will be sign of things to come with him getting decent minutes.  I still dont understand why he didnt play a single minute against the Lakers a week or so ago.  He's one of if not their best perimeter defender.  Im not saying he would've kept Kobe from scoring 40 but he wouldnt of hurt.
acefspradez::Herb Kohl...you are retiring from the Senate (thank you for that by the way), can you also please sell the team already so we can get people in charge that really DO know what they're doing and want to give us a winning NBA team.
paylocitysucks::One word - Contraction
jayeteee::Anyway, it's good to see the Nuggets show up on the road. I'm a little irritated w/ Karl's rotations, but I've always been a skeptic of his. His winning % is phenomenal, at least w/ the Nuggets anyway, I just wish they could get over the top. The talent's there, it's going to be up to George to get it right. Always a Nuggets fan, and not a hater of Karl, but not that impressed either. GO NUGGETS!!!!!
sc771::Bet Corey Brewer is happy to be out of Dallas and getting some playing time.  Shaun Livingston should be commended on his desire, work ethic, and love of the game to come back from those career-ending injuries and become a factor again!
jayeteee::Uh, if they were career ending, how is it he's still playing? Did you mean 'possible career ending'?
coakley2009::Would you drop Stephen Jackson?
twinstj2008::I had a big problem with giving up Maggette to get Jackson when the Bucks made that draft day trade.  It seemed to me that you were replacing one ego-driven shoot first wing player with another, yet I was wrong.  Yes, Jackson is ego driven but amazingly his attitude is even worse than Maggette's.  If I have to hear him yell one more time "and one" when he goes up for a shot I am seriously going to go off.  Play the game man and let the refs do their job.  The more he complains the less the zebras are going to call against him..that is the way the NBA works. Now, I would try to trade him and go with Jennings, Udrich, Delfino, Leuer, and Bogut...with Livingston, Luc Richard, Gooden, and Harris being the major subs off the bench...plus I guess whomever they get for Jackson.
convolutedthought::nuggets ook good really play good team ball
Grant672::ah! the bucks can't win on the road and now can't win at home! We need to draft better players and make better transactions! I blame management!
dontazeme1::i got stephen jackson on my fantasy.....dude is more inconsistent than the weatherman
coakley2009::I know right he had those 2 big games and now back to the drawing board it seems
jtric19632004::jennings needs to learn how to play team ball
buckybadger20::He doesn't have a team!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
DenverDiehard35::Just got back from the game, glad i got to see the Nuggets beatdown the bucks! Go Nuggets!
mountainboy33::I take it Faried didn't play...
OJKobeBradySabanPacquio::Kmart " Noodles again???" WTF  JR Smith " I need sum young guy"  We miss USA
CandySparker::I like Milwaukee Brewers.
ATOWN45::Way to go Bucks!  Consistently disappointing me yet again.
jayhawksboy75::at this point, I just want the Bucks to lose to get a lottery pick
L E G O A T::Should have drafted paul...not bogut lmao
jayeteee::Man, I thought Bogut was going to be a superstar. I saw him play against my Buffs when he was at Utah(college), and he made David Harrison look like a school boy. I still like him. He's having a career high in pts.avg per game this year, isn't he? Maybe he doesn't have a great cast to work w/???
acefspradez::When he plays that is.
squiddy45::He wouldn't be with the bucks now anyways
bigtenbetterthansec::When are the bucks owners going to get serious and get some real players?
acefspradez::Never....the Dem needs to sell.  He's retiring from the Senate, now needs to retire from giving us losing seasons year after year.
Bro-kowski::You know who is the 5th highest ranked SF in PER? That's right, Corey Brewer.
PeterPPK::There is no hope left. The Bucks need to fire Skiles and try to somehow get this season somewhat turned around. Scott's only good for a year, we've seen it with every team that he's coached. I'm tired of this team consistently sucking. The thing is, the Bucks are secretly LOADED with talent, it's just not coached or played properly. We need a coach who knows how to play a team like this. And then maybe, just maybe, the Bucks can become one of the better teams in the East.
twinstj2008::I agree with you completely!  It is true that Skiles is a defensive minded coach but that dont mean anything if the Bucks can score.  This team is loaded with talent and its sad to see every night it wasting away on the bench as players like Bogut, Gooden and Jackson are getting huge minutes.  Beno, Livingston, Jennngs (although he is playing out of his mind right now), Delfino, Leuer, Sanders (now that he has spotted taking jumpers), and Harris are a good young core of players to play around the defensive lacking offensive Bogut.
go_houston_rockets110::for bucks to be a average team like the rockets they need to bring back redd, charlie bell, maggette,
squiddy45::Maggette???????????????
go_houston_rockets110::,
GB TROLLING::I am tired of the fucking bucks!  Get rid of Stephan Jackson now!!
squiddy45::Still early
badger0130::i'm not giving up on the bucks yet. we're still 2-2 when playing the East conference
go_houston_rockets110::bucks best 4-9 team
PeterPPK::Ugh god. Well, looks like the bucks are gonna only win about 20 games. Maybe we can get a #1 pick out of it, though.
aduysbv::That would go to the Wizards
Blawser02::It's sad, I feel like this team could compete a little, but guys like Tobias Harris and John Leuer play limited minutes because for whatever reason Skiles hates rookies. They seem to be obviously the best at the positions on the team. I'm banging my head against the wall wondering what Delfino has on the coaching staff and GM. Was there some sort of Milwaukee love boat held on Spreewells Milwaukee's Best that we don't know about. Seriously the guy brings nothing
Blawser02::Yeah, Leuer started, played a total of 17 min. Harris actually got 27 and probably deserved 35, it was a shock that he played as much as he did. Delfino played 29 and deserves a trip back to the motherland. But I guarantee  the way Scotty coaches Harris will be in the teens or lower next game. I'm a half season ticket holder, I put my money where my mouth is, so don't question whether or not I pay attention to the games
Flyguy11::Isn't Leuer starting? Didn't Harris get 20+ minutes tonight? How does Skiles hate rookies?
dbadker::did bogut get hurt? ...again
buckspackers23::No, Brockman is a stud.
buckspackers23::Our staring line-up should be: Larry Sanders, Darrington Hobson, Jon Brockman, Drew Gooden, Daniel Santiago. Unstoppable.
buckspackers23::You guys remember Santiago? http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3408/3424122207_4190b069ac_o.jpg
squiddy45::Hell yeah
thebadgerstate::I really don't see that lineup losing a game.
heatbaybee::t makes you wonder, if shooting for stars is like darts in the dark.
amiller244::Why do the Nuggets start Mozgov? Clearly they are in need of a center...but I thought Nene was the normal center?
Denver1153::We don't need a center, we have 3 already (mozgov, Anderson, and Koufos)  Nene was actually a 4 when he was drafted and was moved to the five early on cause we needed a center.  Since we can, he's been moved back to playing the 4 when mozzy is on the court.
buckspackers23::Holy fuck, we're 4-9 already? They do realize that the draft is completely loaded and they could make the playoffs and still get a good pick, right?
tripla23::what happend with jackson only 17mins is he injured ? thx
go_houston_rockets110::i love to pass gas and talk about John Sir Brockman 24/7
Packersbbb::Jon brockman is sooooo manly. What an incredible player
The Bogut 6::The Brockness monster needs to start over Bogut, it is so obvious.
champion_134::skiles what happened to you
The Bogut 6::He is an average coach at best
Packersbbb::Brockman should be the coach
specialmanjr.::why did andrew bogut only play 17 minutes
specialmanjr.::he didnt get hurt or ejected right?
specialmanjr.::yea i saw he only had 2 pts
squiddy45::Played like $@%!
tgro15::Fire skiles
Packersbbb::Why is that gay man shooting a three with three seconds left? Low class
NuggetsFan1987::NYG thats all I have to say. NYG
NuggetsFan1987::you sound gay
Packersbbb::Brockman. That's all I have to say. Brockman
denuggetz3::is some one butt hurt
NuggetsFan1987::nothing, im just messing with you
buckspackers23::What did I do?
NuggetsFan1987::and yet still more intelligent than both you put together.
buckspackers23::He's 9....
Packersbbb::Is your butt hurt? Get off your duff and get a job
NuggetsFan1987::If you knew the first thing about him, you would know he is  not gay you clown.
Packersbbb::Jon brockman is a real man. That is what a man is.
Marlins35DTrain::because he's cute.
squiddy45::Shot clock, why not
Packersbbb::Don't like your own comment or ppl think  you are the gaybirdgirl
buckspackers23::I do like how we fought to the end, and hopefully jennings realizes that if he takes the game over, it opens up other guys... geez.
dtjones0802::I'd like to apologize to Jennings on behalf of John Hammond for this pathetic attempt to surround him with talent.
squiddy45::Yes
doc.roosh::Well if the Bucks knew how to win at all on the road, this wouldn't sting all that much.
champion_134::brockman makes dan gadzuric look like a ALL STAR
dtjones0802::brockman &gt; Gadzuric .......Fear the Brockness monster.  This dude is the MVP of the 12th man award
squiddy45::There's the over
kurtmac1::bogut hurt again?
specialmanjr.::me tooo
Nmorgan321::Thats what I want to know
Packersbbb::Gallanari and bird man are gay couples confirmed!
denuggetz3::what about russel westbrick and the refs
Marlins35DTrain::Gallinari is pretty cute. wait.....
doc.roosh::Bird man is not stable enough for a gay relationship.
buckspackers23::Maybe if we cherry picked... this game would be tied.
Packersbbb::Brockamn&gt;f******ingdirtgayassmanBird
buckspackers23::Jennings got laid out 3 of his last 4 lay-ups, but no free throws?
Marlins35DTrain::don't mess with the Birdman....
denuggetz3::told you its the okc refs
Marlins35DTrain::don't remind me...
doc.roosh::Western Conference team playing at a small market Eastern team = not getting those calls.
IZimbra4::WTF refs
