Colonel Snoop::Thee Top Comment On ESPN: "the min this game changed was the min the kings decided that they were gonna disregard getting the ball to the PG… cousins and gay decided they would take turns bringing it up.. looked as if fredette did something to #$%$ cousins off… and all of a sudden it didn't matter that fredette had gotten him the ball four or five straight possessions and that they had turned the score ten points in their favor…. all of a sudden cousins entire body language changed towards fredette being on the court…. and guess what… out he has to go… "  I wish I could say I'm surprised.
Newleaf::Jimmer is a great team player unlike the others on the team.  He is quietly playing his game whenever he is given the opportunity and not complaining about his situation.  Very classy.  The Kings will regret when they let go of him.
poyman::22 TOs vs 12 TOs... Too many forced passes and too many drives through multiple defenders...  Gay and Fredette had good games... It would have been interesting in the 4th quarter when Fredette was running the point if he could have had another shooter or starting Big that he could have fed when he was drawing the the defense on him... In fact, I believe that what we all saw out of Fredette tonight is the tip of the Ice Berg if he can continue to get consistent minutes in the 20 minute p/game range... Unfortunately, when he was on the floor he was the only scorer out there, even with that he showed some great shooting ability.  I didn't see the T on Cousins but Thomas had no business getting verbal on the foul call which brought the second T on the Kings... He definitely fouled the guy... Frustration I guess.... Thomas still took way too many shots... Having Fredette and Thomas on the floor at the same time is a lot of height to give up on the Defensive end of the court...  Cousins needs more help inside and Gray aint it... If he had another talented Big that could run the Post with him and let him be a #4 for part of the game I think that the Kings would have a very tough team to beat.
John::As an analyst of the NBA, I have to tell SAC coaches to look at the Player efficiency.  Thornton, Acy, and McLemore had a combined 2 points in nearly 60 minutes of combined playing time.
Professor::As a former coach now analyst, I have been watching a trend on the defensive end for SAC.  Thomas, McLemore and Thornton have been playing poorly on defensive with little to no enthusiasm.
Uan theTruth::It is good to see they tried something different allowing Jimmer to do what he can. Too bad the coach stopped the momentum.
clint::Cousins is player great ball, if it wasn't for immaturity and turnovers he would be in the MVP conversation?
Colonel Snoop::FOR F'S SAKE! Why does a rookie SG that shoots 37 percent keep getting starts? I wish the Kings would have shown that type of commitment to Jimmer.
hello::This was one of those games were Fredette had 5 Mins of bliss....we've seen it before, but not yet this year....hope Jimmer keeps getting more confident... now he has better teamates to play with with...i hope they continue to show confidence in him...and give him the chance to do what he does best..that was fun while it lasted!
C.Jin::I'd consider Demarcus Cousins to be the best center in the league if he'd help his team actually win
