ZinBayArea::Howard &gt; Gasol &gt; Nash &gt; Kobe
c2g1980::3 of the last 5 games Kobe shot 28, 27 &amp; 23 shots &amp; they lost every1 of those games. He shoots 11 &amp; 15 shots, they win by 26 &amp; 19 &amp; completely dominated those games. Its not rocket science Kobe, put your big boy pants on &amp; put your pride aside &amp; let everyone play. When every1 gets their touches, the Lakers look good &amp; they play hard. Common sense guy. Seem like Gasol is the only 1 w/any sense. Why on earth is a 7' player shooting 19fters while getting no inside touches?
TheOldGOLDandBLUE::In the last 5 games, the Lakers have gotten 5.8 assist per game from the PG position (Duhon 4.0, Morris 1.8). In a PG-centric offense, that just won't get it done. Steve Nash should be good for at least 8 per game (8.6 for his career, about 11 the last three years), but that won't fix all the problems. Rather than the typical Nash/D'Antoni style, the Lakers' starting lineup is built for a steady half-court game with a focus on rebounding (i.e., run sets for Kobe/Gasol and let Howard/Gasol grab offensive rebounds).     Although he will start, I think Nash fits in better with the bench because it has more athletic versatility at the forward positions (Jamison, Clark, Ebanks) and 3-point shooting ability (notable career %s are Blake - 40%; Jamison - 35%; Meeks - 41%; Morris - 40%), both of which are critical to the uptempo, wide-open style that D'Antoni/Nash have run in the past.  Of course, Nash, Howard and Gasol all have to be in the starting lineup. However, I would bring in Jamison at PF for either Gasol or Howard about mid-way through the 1st quarter. Shortly thereafter, I would sub Meeks, Morris or Blake for Artest and move Kobe down to the SF. Then, when the bench is in for beginning of the second quarter, bring Gasol or Howard (whoever was benched) back into the game at center with Duhon as the PG. I would fill in the rest of the lineup with the aforementioned versatile players and shooters.
Hank10593::Lakers are underachieving? You need a dose of Linsanity.  ---Knicks
sportsfan4lif::D'Antoni said. "I think our problem is just not coming out with the intensity and the purpose that we need to have. ...   Real meaning -&gt; I can't coach.  We're slow right now. Just athletically, we're struggling with young teams that run up and down."  Real meaning -&gt; This team is too old.
Thedevil25::Hey Laker fans.  Read the Article on Yahoo.  Howard will leave to chase a championship.  He was never staying
0557LastimeIswear::No sh*t Sherlock! Tell us something we dont know....its a guards league now anyway.
paulet32114::kobe should put his big boy pants on and learn how to pass. How could you criticize a teammate when you have just shot 27 time for 34 points.
VB 2 Raw::imagine kobe as a good teammate..rings like never before
DKSGator::It's going to be a long @$$ year for my fellow Magic fans out there, but this game was beautiful, especially considering Howard pulled his usual choke job from the charity stripe. Priceless!
whatsdoing::chris duhon getting 30 mins of playing time means something is definitely wrong....  then I hear that blake is gone for a couple of months.
.Be...Like.Water.::<b>LOL at this FAKERS team...they S.UCK!!!  LOL at the lover's spat between Gausol and Kobe...HAHAHAHA  too FUNNY!!!</b>
whatsdoing::orlando shooting 50% FG??  d "less" antoni strikes again......
Kaluroso::LBJ &gt; Kobe
whatsdoing::Lyndon B. Johnson??
0557LastimeIswear::He was a good president after he went all gangsta on JFK.
cemkkd::LOL
Kaluroso::Howard is an overated clown.
cemkkd::Sixers fan here LMBO!!!Some of the lakers trolls came on Philly board and laughed at us for accepting your damaged goods,(Bynum)GOOD JOB Orlando....lmbo!!!  IT AINT SO FUN WHEN THE RABBIT HAS THE GUN.
mattyward80::start dusting the trophies cuz yall re done
VB 2 Raw::losers are funny...win a ring not a game..we hide behind rings
cemkkd::SHORT TERM BUT WE HAD HIGH EXPECTATIONS...Usually I dont go to other teams forum but I had to rub this in a lil
whatsdoing::dont blame you on that account... any time you can laugh at the lakers is a good time indeed.
whatsdoing::signed, bugs bunny
whatsdoing::nuthin' bro....  I cant remember if bynum was signed long term or not?
cemkkd::LOL WHATS UP BRUH
robert98965::stan v gundie all smiles :)
BANKROBBA2020::Somewhere...SVG...is STILL laughing his $@% off over this one!
robert98965::fuunnyyy
Dsto613::I think the Lakers should just take Lopez Wallace and M. Brooks for Dwight  and Artest it would instantly make them better.
Dsto613::O and get one of the Van Gundy's to coach them..D'Antonios is a bad coach.
belfeliandre::The Lakers built a team with players who feel greater than the institution that hired them.
robert98965::he (howarf) shoulda went to broklyn, wud have at least made the playoffs!
Sports Coons big Booty weed::Mj was chasing magic , Kobe chasing Jordan , Lebron chasing Duncan . It's a cycle . The lakers are done and I don't see Howard staying on a team worse than Orlando
Sports Coons big Booty weed::Fishers leadership gone   Phil keeping the peace gone.  Kobe's not a leader great player   Howard not a leader either  Metta is a nut job
BANKROBBA2020::Agree with everything you said. "Metta World Peace"? Please. He'll always be INDIANA RON - WHACK JOB to most people.
belfeliandre::If you make the Magic look good, then you do have a serious problem.
belfeliandre::The Front Office should trade Kobe to a contender and Gasol to any team willing to land him in exchange for young athletic players and as many draft picks as possible. Building around Howard and hoping to land a star in 2014 are the best options for the future. And oh, they will have to fire d'Antoni as well.
laker_fan781::The lakers are going to bounce bak and get above 500.
Road dog Red::Kobe is going to kick some butt
droppedagain::Lakers are just plain garbage!
jonesysports66::LAKERS WILL BE REBUILDING FOR ABOUT 3 OR 4 YEARS.   IF THEY ARE DEPENDING ON BLAKE AND NASH TO GET THEM OVER THE TOP ..THEN THEY HAVE SOME SERIOUS PROBLEMS.   NASH= BAD BACK. BLAKE= JUST BAD
MiraclesBoys33::Kobe drops 40 lakers lose and now he drops 34 and lakers lose again lol
Adrian74384::12/27 = 34 points....  garbage.... And I don't think there is a bigger Kobe fan than I am.
belfeliandre::The dramatic part is that Kobe's shooting percentage was not that bad yesterday.
asian-balla::so what's your point, sit him on the bench?
Looks good on u tho::The funny part is if the Lakers don't change their personnel and don't come around and start winning....they will have a $30 mil luxury tax payment this year.  If they sign Dwight next year and stay around the same payroll figure (which is likely since $98 mil will be committed to 8 players), the luxury tax will be $85 million (when the repeat offender tax comes into play).  Nicholson better pony up...I see his courtside seats doubling in price pretty soon.
mikeawesome09::IM TAKING MY TALENTS TO SOUTH BEACH  -LUKE WALTON
Looks good on u tho::"Hey, Jim/Mitch.  You know, I'm getting down to the twilight of my career.  Any chance I could get traded to a contender?"  Kobe
Spinozzza::Kobe asked to be traded a few years ago and the Lakers could not find a team willing to take on his huge contract.     His defense is slipping, demonstrated once again by Afflalo torching him in this game.  He has lost a step and he has always been a me-first type of player that other teams do not want at this late stage of his career.
belfeliandre::The Lakers could get interesting pieces for Kobe. Could then be a win-win situation for both Kobe and thee Lakers.
0557LastimeIswear::There is no player out there that can make this team better. We are all just waiting for #24 to ride off into the Hall, then we can try to build another Championship.
mekso::They win a title easy with LeBron...
mekso::gotcha... the Lakers are screwed for a while now... their time has gone... it  is LeBron time in the NBA for a while
0557LastimeIswear::Not with LeBron and Kobe...and I meant available...he's not being traded
roundballplayah::At this rate, Lakers will not make the playoffs this season!!!
0557LastimeIswear::They can still get a lottery pick...right?
belfeliandre::At last, some good news!
dwight howards free throw academy::no its actually a fact.   At the rate of 8 wins per 17 they wont qualify.
mikeawesome09::OPINION!
mikeawesome09::!
498Sean::*
mikeawesome09::,
mikeawesome09::.
0557LastimeIswear::?
dwight howards free throw academy::Will Orlando be getting fined for resting Ayon and Nicholson last night?  I know some fans who were definitely upset with that one.
mikeawesome09::STEVE BLAKE OUT FOR 6-8 WEEKS AND NASH 2 MORE WEEKS................
rcampbel::Trade for Alexey Shved
mikeawesome09::TIMBERWOLVES ARE WORSE CUZ THEY HAVE ALMOST EVERYONE INJURED
Looks good on u tho::People....you really need to start grasping the concept of sarcasm.....
Looks good on u tho::"Wow - the Lakers are just getting decimated by injuries."  - Minnesota Timberwolves
0557LastimeIswear::"We would have one another title, if Steve Blake hadn't been so injured all the time" -Kobe April 18th 2013, after finishing 9th in the west.
163joey::The Heat were 9-8 after 17 games
bizz...::The  heat  dont  have  a  guy  throwing  up  brick  after brick........they   are  a  team
walle D_ D::lakers are 8-9, whats your point, by the way they have a bunch of road games coming up
163joey::THATS WHAT I MEANT
mikeawesome09::PLEASE DONT LIKE THIS 5  TIMES..........
0557LastimeIswear::I will like it 6...ha!
mikeawesome09::AND JUST LIKE THAT,  THE CLIPPERS SUCK
walle D_ D::ok by that logic, just like that the Knicks Suck
0557LastimeIswear::I miss the Sacre/Bickerstaff era. The Lakers winning more than losing. Sacre dancing for every meaningless dunk. Those were the days.
rgcctx::Would not be surprised if Phil Jackson gets another phone call in the middle of the night.
Looks good on u tho::Don't be surprised if you hear about Phil leaving a flaming bag of dog poop on Jim Buss' porch.
You can get Heat Blasted::The LA Suns play the Rockets next. Another loss for the LA Suns.
asian-balla::i think the rockets had 7, 8 players in double figure their last game
walle D_ D::not if u double team Harden, seems to work every time against us. Unless parsons steps up.
Looks good on u tho::Kobe's defense = over playing the passing angles, getting beat back door and throwing his hands up in disgust that no one was there to help.
walle D_ D::Kobe plays defense!!!!!!! didnt know he had time for that with all the complaining he does.
Looks good on u tho::Mr. All-Defensive Team Kobe will be up for the challenge....He'll lock down Harden like he locked down Afflalo.
walle D_ D::haha true
Looks good on u tho::Double teaming someone requires having a defensive strategy.  Considering you are talking about the Lakers....that is really funny.
MagicBoltzRays::The Lakers are the 2011 Eagles. (all hype for a month or two, and no results).
walle D_ D::Cowboys, eagles, detroit all the same really
0557LastimeIswear::More like the Cowboys...all that talent, clueless leadership on and off the field.
gmskking::Kobe will not allow Dantoni system to work.  I would have thought that Lakers mgmt would be smarter than that.
You can get Heat Blasted::Welcome to Lakerfanville where I never get blamed for anything  #24
walle D_ D::to bad your team sucks down the stretch,
Looks good on u tho::I scored 34 points and shut down Afflalo...I did my job.  #24
Looks good on u tho::Sarcasm is not lost on you.....
You can get Heat Blasted::Afflalo 30 points 11-18 &gt; Kobe 34 points 12-27.  Of course somebody from Lakerfanville would think 12-27 was efficient. Of course somebody from Lakerfanville would think that Afflalo going 11-18 was considered being "shut down"
sources says::I am utterly shocked D'Antoni Lakers held Orl under 30 point per quarters for the first 3.
Looks good on u tho::I am utterly shocked that Kobe was able to get 34 points by only taking 27 shots.
gmskking::That's what the Lakers pay Dantoni big money for....to lose to the pathetic Magic.
Mikeferrari69::The fact that Howard is by far the worst free throw shooter in the NBA tells me he doesn't put in enough work in the off season. To be that bad at the free throw line proves he has horrible work ethic.
ajsaff::Dwight shoots FT's well in practice, and his motion is not bad. That's actually a worse sign, since I think there's a major psychological component. Different from Shaquille, who had a terrible release.  Watched them for years with Orlando. It's clear he's feeling the pressure, since he's dropped 10% or so from where he was.
guidos89::howard doesn't care stats, he just cares about the attention being on him, and making millions, Lakers should trade him before he leaves as a free agent.... who give's up 40 points in the 4th qtr, it's like they gave up.
