JIM9850::a s s wipe kobe the copy cat so many crapy moves looks yucky since the start off the season 33-34 is a $@%!$ kobe copy cat.
OFrog::Maybe this will slow down the Lakers the favorite in the west articles for now. Welcome to the Jim Buss Era, with pal Chaz scouting for deals. Huge tv deal, buying scraps.
griffithjunior::I know Kobe fans don't want to hear this but its time for Bynum to take over.  Kobe is still very good but he only does it in spurts. Bynum is almost unstoppable in the paint and he is only going to get better.  Of course Kobe will still run the offense but  the Lakers need to go inside out like when they had Shaq.
Tekmin17::Jeremy Lin &gt; Kobe
UCLA ORIGINAL::Kobe hurt us last night against Utah. Kobe doesn't want the fast paced up and down the floor style Sessions nicely brings to the table because Kobe cant keep up with that sytyle/tempo of play. Kobe wants the half court slow down game where he can be the option at the 10 second mark of the shot clock. Sessions is making Kobe look a little old and slow. Kobe needs to ge the ball to Bynum (12 of 14 last night!) more. Kobe looked like an old fighter last night in the ring with a younger, faster man. PASS THE FRIGGEN BALL KOBE, I LOVE YOU BUT GET BYNUM THE BALL IN THE POST AND GET OUT OF SESSIONS WAY DUDE.
MADNESS_CEO::i agree..kobe is like an old dog on its last leg..time to put him down and move on.
GsU -3000-GsU::PAUL MILLSAP !! Grambling High School !! #weoutchea
est1276::Ok let me sum this up for all you clowns that dont know basketball.Kobe bryant from the day he stepped foot on an nba court has been convinced that he is the greatest player ever and he has a hard time trying things a different way.Teammates and former coaches say the same thing about him and that is the guy is very stubborn and has to do things his way.I find it so funny that people who love kobe swear the guy can do no wrong ever.Men lie,women lie but numbers dont and his numbers are terrible.Look I dont have a favorite player,I'm just a fan of the game so please dont think Im biased against kobe.It just seems like the guy doesnt understand that basketball is a 5 on 5 game and being over aggressive can be a bad thing.I love how bad he wants to win but you gotta know when to be aggressive and when to be a passer.Kobe cant turn off that switch and that is why you see him shooting such a low percentage because he is getting older and the body cant do at 33 what it did at 23.His mind is the same but his body isnt.
kidmandavid::The Lakers are super good at basketball most years.
B1GBALL1N-LAKERS4LIFE::dude are you really as stupid and ignorant as u sound or are u like 8 years old....u couldn't put a proper sentence together if your life depended on it.....you sound so dumb...bet you live off the government and have that foodstamp card in hand at all times....piece of $@%!
kidmandavid::wilt was good and so was kareemy poo
belfeliandre::With Randolph back in the Memphis lineup and the hungry Clippers still in the hunt, Kobe should make sure his Lakers keep winning instead of feeding his ego!
kidmandavid::kobe has won championship playing basketball
belfeliandre::Could you be even more trivial?
kidmandavid::trivial pursuit is way sick like kobe.. thanks belfeliandre!!!
Ramonster7::I'm pretty sure Kobe wants that #6 than to be the scoring leader.
Ramonster7::It seems some of you just look at the box score and barely even watch games. For those who does watch the game, understands that Bynum cannot handle double and triple teams. It's not as easy to say feed the beast than to actually do it every posession, which we all would prefer. But Bynum has to learn how to handle those situations, which is why his turnovers are high.  Kobe had a bad night, yes. But to put all the blame on him is just not fair. Without Kobe, Lakers wouldn't be the #3 seed in the west.
Bookiebreaker48::its was a team effort on the lost....24 turnovers....5 by bynum in da first quarter set da tone kobe and company just followed
kidmandavid::steve blake played hecka good
belfeliandre::Who would you put the blame on for yesterday's defeat? Fate? Lack of luck? Are you even serious when you state such things?   THAT'S BLASPHEMOUS!!!
kidmandavid::yeah both teams played way hard
JewZZology::Why hasn't the league or ESPN put a stop to all of these annoying anti Lakers comments? Kobe's lazy eye gets more taint than all of you f a g s.
kidmandavid::yeah the Kobester is way talented and a super nice guy...
JK Belvi 2008::The Lakers are fine. Kobe's the problem...
xray6060::lin &gt;  kobe
kidmandavid::i agree jk kobe is way good and stuff thanks for the support..
kidmandavid::JK u r probably way nice in real life huh?
JK Belvi 2008::Yup - Just looking out for you kidmandavid. Don't let the Kobester fool you because we both know that he needs to change his game to put the Lakers in a better position. And, if he doesn't - this thread will continue to rip Kobe apart.
kidmandavid::lin is way improved and hecka getting better! kobe is way dope shooter of the ball
kidmandavid::Yeah Linny Pooh is hecka exciting and the Kobester is way super dunkadelic and ultra exciting.
JK Belvi 2008::Yeah - he's a dope when he shoots 1/2 the time. Talking English may help.
UMfanforlife24::'d rather have Kevin Durant on my team over Kobe Bryant anyday.. already. Kevins only averaging less than a point a game than Kobe and hes shooting 50 percent compared to Kobes 43.. plus bigger, better rebounder and less selfish.. I would still take Lebron over either of them but Kevin Durant is whos chasing Lebron.. Not Kobe. I would love to see a finals of the Thunder and Heat, because I love both players, not to mention wade and westbrook, ibaka and bosh, and james harden.
kidmandavid::He is way still good in the league this year..
hatenorv::so? just because kobe isn't a top three player in the league, doesn't mean he's not good
belfeliandre::The epiphany to me occurred when I watched Durant during the FIBA Basketball World Championship: it was totally insane how he would score from anywhere!
kidmandavid::yeah kobe has been way good for a long time huh?
ZachC1965::Heat vs. OKC would rock...  Kobe's not elite any more...too many 8 for 28 type of games...
kidmandavid::Durantula is hecka gooder than kobe, but kobe is totes good
AceVenturaMavsCoach::"I blame my teammate Bynum for going 12-14 getting 33 pts and helping us stay in the game. I did everything in my power to help us win"  Kobe Bryant
kidmandavid::kobe is way unselfish f'real do
belfeliandre::Kobe to critics: "Haven't I made 3 of them???!!!!! God damn it!!!!!!"
kidmandavid::BFFs? u and i?
UMfanforlife24::See this is why Lebron James is better.. Lebron is only averaging about 1 point less a game then Kobe and Lebron is shooting 54 percent compared to Kobes 43. Plus Brons got more assists, Rebounds, steals, plus Lebron averages less turnovers.. the list just keeps getting bigger, and the credit that Kobe gets for being a clutch player is overrated.. nobody since Michael Jordan has felt like they have needed to take as many of those types of shots, so of course with the amount of shots that he takes at the end of games he'll make some, but miss a whole lot more that everybody just seems to forget about. Lebron is way more willing to make the right play and give the ball to the person who can get the most quality shot off, whether its him or somebody else he wants to make the right play, but of course when he does that the critics bash him. smh, its not EVEN CLOSE whos better. Sure Kobes got 5 rings, 3 which shaq was the lead guy, and 2 with him being the lead guy. I can promise you Lebron is going to get a few.. hes to good of a player not to. Oh and I don't think that Lebron would ever shoot 3-20 in a game.. ridiculous. Come on Kobe if your not making them its not like you don't have 2 beasts of big man to get the ball to who will get off a more quality shot than you will.
kidmandavid::SMH? slap my hand? i like that!! but i totes i agree Kobes aggressive play leads to lots of awesome stats.. lebron seems way nice to me too.. and not to mention they are both Fantastic dunkas
kidmandavid::Dont be such a poopy
UMfanforlife24::I'm not saying that Kobe is a bad player.. i'm just sick of the credit he gets compared to Lebron.
ButtaSports::instead of getting the ball inside to bynum who was hot he decided to luanch one brick after the other.
kidmandavid::pau is dreamy and bynum looks like a young danny glover.. "Im getting to old for this poop!!!" danny glover.. i love that line
kidmandavid::yeah Pau is way super handsome and extra spanish
UMfanforlife24::Ikr, come on. If your not making your shots your not gonna die if you defer to Bynum or Gasol for a game, both which are plenty capaple. COMPLETELY AGREE.
kidmandavid::yeah i agree KOBE is way good at shooting basketballs
kidmandavid::Kobe always stays aggressive and way positive...thats why he is so fun to cheer for.
hillbilly344::Kobrick, Robrick, or Lebrick......who bricks more??
kidmandavid::yeah they are all way exciting players and sometimes they are on the all star ballots
belfeliandre::Westbrick also belongs there.
kidmandavid::yeah hes a good dunker and stuff
kidmandavid::BRENT BARRY
JK Belvi 2008::Tonights Line:  What's the Kobe launch over/under for the Mavs game? 30 over or 29 under?  What's the Kobe shooting % over/under? 30% over or 29% under?
kidmandavid::kobe is hecka if gets anywhere near this stat line.. thanks for the support guys.. way dope.. YEAH KOBE IS HECKA DOPe
fbskier::Who would have thought that being without Bell and Jefferson would be the best thing to ever happen to this team? Oh wait - everybody.
JAHQUAN3::W/O Bell yes, W/O Al we are toast in most games
77onuer::Has there been a more selfish player than Kobe since he's been drafted into the NBA?  The guy has his 5th career worst shooting night in terms of FG% and is quoted as saying after the game that he "only took 20 shots"...  This guy is unbelievable...  He plays for himself, to place himself in the record book, at all cost, and he could not care less whether his team wins or loses...  I cannot think of a more selfish player than him over the last 15-20 seasons....  Is there one?
kidmandavid::ADAM MORRISON
kidmandavid::ADAM MORRISON
kidmandavid::NAILED IT
slickSixtySix::also he skips charity events
Alex818728::Mike Brown just said Hill wont get much playing time this season, why did they trade for him them? giving up a first pick for someone who wont play very much, and I think his deal is expiring??
kidmandavid::Yeah Hill is way good and Brown is a way good coach too.
kidmandavid::NAILED IT
kidmandavid::DONT BE A STINKER ALEX
Alex818728::but fisher wasnt making that much more than him, I guess fisher had an extra year but still, he prob would have retired anyways,  I guess this does give them some help if bynum goes down
edelspot::Just a guess, but easier to phase out D Fish by sending him elsewhere.
Alex818728::Yes but about 8 million of the money saved was in the sessions deal, so why the rockets move?
edelspot::Alex...you freed up about 9mil in cap space, plus still hold a trade exception. Sets up a big offseason move if Mitch wants to go that route. I thought he did great job for both present &amp; future without giving any real players up.
ACandOJ::It was a cost cutting move...not a talent upgrade.  Lil Jimmy Buss is all about saving money
King James the real reigning MVP.::<b>Monta Ellis &gt; Kobrick</b>
Jizazz::Kobe is quite the chucker... 3-20?
kidmandavid::Jizazz you just need to be way nicer.  Hes doing his best.
King James the real reigning MVP.::<b>"Kobrick really should consider passing the ball sometimes."  - Carmelo Anthony</b>
edelspot::Home Depot and the Los Angeles Housing Authority have embarked on a plan to end homelessness in LA. For every brick Kobe puts up, Home Depot will put one down. Shelter should be available to all by early April.  ---AP Press Release---
ZachC1965::If he plays a few more years it could end homelessness in the U.S.!
bballshawn24::3-20 come on man smh
ZachC1965::Kobe really should get a lot of votes for LVP this year...
belfeliandre::Life sucks and then you die...
Jizazz::2 great inside out frontcourt players and they are stuck with kobe who thinks you need to take a 25ft shot fading away to have it count as a true game winning shot
0mar4449::after yesterdays game, he is not going to win mvp, because he does not make his team better at all, forget the fg percentage, his team is not getting better by him like lebron james, kevin durant, spurs, or bulls
0mar4449::agreed
0mar4449::for thunders, westbrook is the one putting up the assists
ZachC1965::I meant Least Valuable Player...  I don't even think Kobe is the Lakers' MVP...Bynum is more of a help at this point...then maybe Gasol...
Ramonster7::It's easy to say feed the ball to  the bigs, but it's not as easy as it sounds. Bynum does NOT know what to do when he gets tripled team "hello pass it out?"
edelspot::Fair point...but the only way to develop that part of his game is in games. With that said, 5 TO's isn't horrible when you've taken 14 shots and grabbed 12 rebounds while in traffic. Also led to FT attempts. Big men usually ain't relied on for ballhandling skills. Bynums PER rating is better than Kobes.
Ramonster7::When he learns how to handle double and triple teams, then I would agree to feed the beast. But right now, he needs to work on that.
SHAQcarriedKOBE::Stupid comment ramonster.... So stupid..
ZachC1965::I'll take 12 out of 14 over 3 for 20 any day...
Ramonster7::So you'll take that 5 TO's he had last night because he doesn't know what to do in triple teams?
andyb777::The 2 bigs go 20 of 26 for 51 points, and Kobe goes 3 of 20 for 15 points? And Mike Brown can't figure out a game plan to use his strengths? 24 turnovers?  This is how they are supposed to play on the road, not at home.
belfeliandre::Scared of what? Being respected by taking wise decisions?
oinkpiggies::I don't think he's an idiot, I just think he's scared...
Ramonster7::Mike Brown is an idiot and should be fired, he is benching their best PG.
Ramonster7::What part of back-to-back 0 points for Steve Blake doesn't Mike Brown understand? Why does he insist on Blake as a starter? This is pissing me off.  Sessions: 10 pts, 6 assists, 2 rebs, 1 stl, 0 to, 23 minutes Blake: 0 pt, 2 assists, 2 to's, 27 minutes.  Sessions is clearly a no-brainer here and should be starting, and who cares if he doesn't know the playbook. Sessions not knowing playbook &gt; Blake.
KobeSessions247::Blake knows the second unit WAAAAAY better than RamON does. I'd rather take my chances with letting RamON mesh with the starters, and offer a penetrating threat, as well. The defenders have to stop his penetration, or else, it's a layup. If they do stop his penetration, then it's a LOB, or Kobe/Ron spotting up for a jumper.
Alex818728::true, but i think they need to bring someone in the provide bench productuion
Alex818728::maybe he thinks starting sessions would leave the bench too weak
belfeliandre::The answer to all the Lakers' problem: bench Kobe so you have the best second unit of the league!
Ramonster7::That's half-correct, but it's a waste of talent to be benching your best PG. It's like saying they should bench bynum to help the 2nd unit, come on.
ACandOJ::Let's remember Blake is playing vs starters....Sessions vs 2nd unit
054sandra::Whatever Bosh, Jordan or Bird has to say...I'm not listening. People consider the source. Jordan "PLAYS" people listen. Jordan "TALKS" run away. Bosh's play is erratic . at best. LeBron carries him to the finals where he never got out the 1st round in Toronto. Who cares what he says. Larry Bird says he'd rather play with Kobe. What he meant was in the SENIOR LEAGUE - over 50. There's no-way you would take Kobe over LeBron right now, unless you are on that "stuff"
ZachC1965::The 'will to win' stuff about Kobe is kind of a joke...  Guess that's how Luke Walton and Fisher got their rings too...  Kobe's just a glory-hog...never really been a winner...too hung up on 'getting his'...
ClydePS::ZachC1965 is the resident Celtic Troll...ignore him
ACandOJ::I'm missing the "never really been a winner" part??
jbrown2452::Haha... Kobe is struggling no doubt.. and Lebron is having a much better season stats wise.. But, the one thing that people don't look at is the mentality of each player, and how Lebron does not have the will to win by any means necessary... Kobe does... So did Larry, MJ, and Magic...
0mar4449::lebron james don't want to make no mistakes, he wants to be as accurate as possible
0mar4449::i think if bosh was playing back in those days, bird would consider him playing with him, but flopping would not be allow
0mar4449::i looked at some of mj percentages online and he is way better then Kobe Bryant, if Michael Jordan was playing today he would put up some huge numbers. He FGs is very impressive how good you have to be in order to play against the best, and i also seem some of wilts numbers online and he has some impressive wins and 6 70 point games in a row, Kobe can't touch this numbers.
kidmandavid::MJ  and WILT played in different eras todays talent vs the talent in the 60's-90's were vastly less talented.. Thats a fact that is just the evolution of the game. Obviously MJ is the greatest of all time but his numbers would be slightly less dominant in this last decade.. Anyone that makes the argument the Kobe is better then MJ doesnt know much, but to say he would be more dominant is a little moronic.. Same with WILT the guys was an absolute freak but to even suggest the guy would score 70 points a game against guys his sames size with a lesser athletic gap than the guys of his time is ridiculous..
edelspot::As for height advantage...you still gotta have skill. Mark Eaton, Manute Bol, Ralph Sampson and Shawn Bradley...all guys like 7' 4" or more. Never dominated. And an old Wilt outplayed a young Kareem. Look it up.
edelspot::dude I would argue that the best then, could be best now. And vice versa. If you can dribble, pass, shoot, rebound, and play D, you could play in any era. Also...in those days...every team was a rival. You played em like 8x a yr. There were fewer teams, and fewer players. The backups became starters when league expanded. Any old time guys growing up today would be just as good at todays game. The styles may change, but the skill set doesn't.
0mar4449::furthermore they have to start sessions
ACandOJ::Ok...and?? You're talking about MJ &amp; Wilt....its not like you said Tim Legler
0mar4449::i am not that old to know who tim legler is
0mar4449::who is tim legler
ACandOJ::Point being??
0mar4449::in there primes or yger days but kobe is still one of the best player today but dude makes some bad mistakes and terms of getting his team more involved
0mar4449::mj and wilt might be better then kobe by a long mergin
biggerandbetterthanyou::Kobe for westbrook who says no? OKC does thats who
Alex818728::dont think either would
Yungdubz27::Just curious though....How can you be the MVP when everybody on your team knows that your are not the closer in the 4th quarter.
ACandOJ::Like Magic said, the regular season is practice for the playoffs.  If you're afraid of the moment now, how are you going to have any confidence in playoffs?? If i'm 10-11 in the quarter, I'm not even looking for someone else unless they run 2 people at me.  That was a soft double team, that he didn't even look for his shot on...
jbrown2452::Dubz - I agree.. that's what I expect him to do as well.. I'm not a Lebron fan by any means.. but I respect his game.. It just blows me away that he looks for the other guy so often in the clutch moments..
Yungdubz27::I just think in that moment...you have the hot hand against a soft trap...you can say Haslem is open but you should want that moment...if not for winning the game but for shutting people up. I wouldn't mind my MVP doing that. just be confident in yourself.
jbrown2452::AC - Yeah he's fragile... and that's why the media attacks him. He doesn't help it either.. It's like he passes to an open teammate because that's the best shot... But, it's your center shooting a 12-15 fr jumper with the pressure on.. He's gotta step it up...
Yungdubz27::Chris Bosh said on national tv that Wade is the closer....I'm not hating on Lebron...he has talent but how can you be MVP when your team doesn't look to you to close games.
ACandOJ::I'm still laughing over the Pacers game....how do you wave someone over to hand them the ball b/c you're worried about people talking about you after the game??  He is fragile....
jbrown2452::Really... the Heat lose more when Bosh isn't playing than when D Wade isn't.. and Lebron passes to Udonis Haslem for game winning shots.. He sounds like a MVP to me...
054sandra::Here's the deal: One game in the NBA of condensed play can elevate and shrink a players productivity. For Kobe, shooting the volumne of shots per game that he does (24 shots) was bound to have a herendous shooting game where they lost and the carnage was available for all to see. LeBron, though does more than just shoot, so on his bad shooting game he had 12 boards, 7 dimes, and 5 steals!
jbrown2452::Lebron also has plenty of talent around him to pick up the slack for scoring... Kobe has Pau and Bynum.. other than that.. not too much else to do... He's their main perimeter scorer...
tcrisis::He's not talking about the Lakers talent as a team. That has nothing to do with Kobe's individual production.
Alex818728::Top 10 players in the League 1.Lebron 2. Kevin Durant 3. Dwight Howard 4. Chris Paul 5. Kobe bryant 6. Kevin love 7. Tony Parker 8. Steve Nash 9. Derek Rose 10. Larmacus Aldridge
kidmandavid::Way dope....wait is this from 2005?  Steve Nash is still playing?
Alex818728::I mean yea I dont expect everyone to agree with it, Just my opinion as an NBA fan, and being a cavs fan Im not bias since none of our players are up their
Alex818728::true, but obviously I didnt show it since I put him number 1
tcrisis::Cavs fan means you hate Lebron, so you are biased
edelspot::Not saying I agree with the exact ten or the order, but its realistic enough to me. Quibbling would be pointless. Better list than any KKR Member would post.
MVP3_Lebron James::Love &gt; Bryant
Alex818728::This has nothing to do with how good of a career or how many rings they have, just this year the best players
Psuedohoax::Ha, now the pissed-off Lakers will be desperate for a win against Houston - the very team the Jazz need to start losing so they can capture that 8th playoff spot! Perfect.
MVP3_Lebron James::Lakers on the road just don't beat teams above .500 Unless of course you're Minnesota
biggerandbetterthanyou::His fg % is garbage, his defense is barely average as a whole, his TO to assist ratio is laughable
MVP3_Lebron James::He is a joke!
biggerandbetterthanyou::hes not a joke just an old chucker
MVP3_Lebron James::Kobe has created a new defensive position. It's called floater!!!
ACandOJ::Actually Phil Jackson &amp; Kurt Rambis created that.
ACandOJ::Since the post was about the defensive position....
edelspot::Created what? Kobe or the floater?
edelspot::I just dropped a floater in the hopper.
MVP3_Lebron James::Kobe had chance to get maybe one or two MVP votes from some west coast homers. But even they won't put their name on that garbage now!  It's unanamous..................Lebron MVP3 Lock
Alex818728::Dwight has to get some recognition the way he carried his team n his back
MVP3_Lebron James::shhhhhhhh I want to remember you just like this baby girl.
MVP3_Lebron James::Team awards are for coat tail riders. MVP's are for the legends of the game!
jbrown2452::So... MJ, Russell, Kareem, Magic, Bird, Zeke, Worthy are all coattail riders... See a troll, spot a troll, ignore a troll...
ACandOJ::MVP = Thanks for having a nice season aka consolation prize
jbrown2452::Leave it to Lebron supporters to talk about the MVP. It's like those are rings to them...
biggerandbetterthanyou::kobe is the 3rd best defender on his team and 3rd best option to get a hoop. Father time destroying his legacy
kidmandavid::YEAH i couldnt have said kobe is hecka dope better myself
kidmandavid::yeah hes way sick
biggerandbetterthanyou::how is kobe is MVP talks amongst lakers fans? he hasnt been the best player on his team half the time
biggerandbetterthanyou::yes. His fg % is garbage, his defense is barely average as a whole, his TO to assist ratio is laughable
ACandOJ::Do you realize that a few weeks ago he had 4 games over 50% including 61% vs the Heat??
ACandOJ::Who has been better than him this year??  Were you saying this a few weeks ago??
JeremyLinTimTebow...::<b>Fact. Bandwagon fans like ZachC1965 are the reasons why most (not all) Laker fans are a joke outside of Southern California.</b>
shaqatastic::Oooooooo. We have "bold typist" here.
jbrown2452::Zach is a certified hater.. He's here spewing garbage whether the Lake Show wins or loses...
mystik-eye::Lakers came out flat footed and deserved to lose.Good game by the Jazz.Turnovers and lousy shooting by everyone except bynum and gasol.Jazz deserved to win.Go Lakeshow!!
Alex818728::Fact. Ramon Sessions is a better pg then Jeremy Lin, plus why would you name yourself after him, if your not a fan, did you jump off the bandwagon that fast? and BTW im not a lakers fan
Alex818728::that is true, they have, I really don't like ESPN 95% of the anaylsts are completely $@%!$@%!, but I dont see how you name is referring to that
shaqatastic::KobME Cryant is mediocre. Maybe not retirement level mediocre. I wouldn't mind him playing 20 minutes taking 15 shots but that's all he should get.
JeremyLinTimTebow...::Sorry Zach, but when someone calls for Kobe's retirement like yourself I can't help but chuckle.
ZachC1965::he just wants attention...and I'm not giving him any more...  ignore this guy, mabye he'll go away...but i doubt it...
JeremyLinTimTebow...::I simply lacked creativity and included two of the most-hyped names ESPN had at the time.
JeremyLinTimTebow...::My name indirectly refers to how ESPN has turned into the TMZ of sports.
JeremyLinTimTebow...::<b>Fact. I'm no Jeremy Lin fan, but it wouldn't surprise me to see Laker fans throw a parade if they saw Lin sign with the Lakers considering how ecstatic they were to get a backup PG onboard the team.</b>
ACandOJ::Why would Lakers fans be excited to get Lin, he was a backup PG too.  Sessions will be starting soon enough. He will come off the bench for less games than Lin was this season.  Lin has more DNP's than games played
ZachC1965::Not a fan, and doesn't really know why he has Lin/Tebow in his screen name...  Cry for attention I guess...
ACandOJ::It just dawned on me how awful Utah must be....your opponent's best player shoots 3-20, they have 24 turnovers&amp; its still a close game.
roll_n_riot::yea forget that UTA is missing their best player and biggest body in Jefferson, LAs 2 bigs got 20-26 and 51 points playing against a rookie and a softmore but then were left to watch the kobe brick show with 7 TOs take place. Yea wtf are you watching
ACandOJ::WTF is "softmore"??  And the Lakers bigs actually had 5 turnovers a piece...wtf are you watching?? Isn't Milsap their best player??
UT Prototype::Ohhhh tough guy!
Alex818728::they were also out their best player and C in jefferson, which is why bynum played so well...
ACandOJ::Yeah, I guess you're right....he only had 21 &amp; 12 vs Big Al, although Kanter &amp; Favors play more than made up for Al
JeremyLinTimTebow...::They are a terrible road team, and were playing without Al Jefferson.
Alex818728::Fact. Morons are Jeremy Lin fans because he had one good week
JeremyLinTimTebow...::<b>Fact. Moron "fans" like ZachC1965 are calling for Kobe Bryant's retirement, believing that proven stars like Bynum can shoot 90% every night and are capable of single-handedly leading the Lakers to a title.</b>
ZachC1965::You're an obsessive little twerp aren't you?  Keep on trollin' little fella...
kidmandavid::YOU'RE EMBARASSING
shaqatastic::uhhh. He is. KobME Cryant is mediocre. I wouldn't mind him playing 20 minutes taking 12-15 shots but that's all he should get.
ZachC1965::I still think that...what's your pont..?
JeremyLinTimTebow...::I am not trolling. You said less than 10 minutes ago Kobe was the worst SG in the game and needed to retire. This is a fact.
