kali4nia-408::Games like this just show you how far the clippers are from competing for a championship
Maha1755::Demarcus Cousins cussed out our local Kings announcer Grant Napear after the game, unbelievable. He is an immature punk. I hope we can trade him, he is a BLACKHOLE/CANCER.
kali4nia-408::Grant instigates most of it, do you not remember him baiting Chris Webber last uear.
Maha1755::DeMarcus Cousins Cussed Our local Kings TV Play-by-Play Man after the game, again. Cousins is pathetic and beyond immature.  http://www.cowbellkingdom.com/2013/03/20/watch-demarcus-cousins-on-what-he-said-to-kings-announcer-grant-napear/?utm_source=feedburner&amp;utm_medium=feed&amp;utm_campaign=Feed%3A+ckingdom+%28Cowbell+Kingdom%29
jayautryphotography::I hope Mitch Kupchak envisions Chris Paul's number retired up there too. Oh well I can dream...
jayautryphotography::OHI hope Chris Paul spys Lakers banners and is itching a decision towards the other hall in Staples Center
jcmaggi::Anybody see that flop by CP3? C'mon man.
kstate_broncos::It wasn't even a flop. It was a failed flop. He went to try and flop, but he got his foot stepped on an tripped lmao.
cantshootstraight::The bottom line is the Clippers just aren't that good.  They have two good, but not great, starters in Griffin and Paul, three below average starters in Jordan, Billups, and Butler, and a bench that was playing way over its head at the beginning of the season (Crawford's having a good year and Bledsoe is a very good backup, but the rest are has beens or never weres).    I remain of the opinion that Paul is overrated.  I've seen him get torched by too many more athletic PGs.  He's too small, too slow, and doesn't shoot well enough to be a dominant player.  I actually think they should have traded him for a couple of young, athletic players when they had the chance, throw Bledsoe in there to get some experience, and build the team around Griffin.  They're not going anwhere this year, anyway, and now they'll lose Paul this summer and get nothing in return.
PHXNation::On the same token Toney Douglas was absolutely on fire in the 4th quarter, it's too bad he won't ever have a night like this soon.
PHXNation::Matt Barnes and Odom were complete sh*t. Chris Paul did everything he can to get them open looks and they were just heaving up bricks all night. Odom-Barnes-Billups have to go this year.
PSUAngelRaider86::I'm going to give a loud echo to barrelrider.  I think Odom is the most overrated lazy player in every game.  He shows up 20 lbs over weight and gets his 8Mil, but what really $@%!&amp;ss me off is him just walking up and down the court.  what a $@%!$@%. And his thrown up shots, completely out of rhythym. Mike Smith keeps saying he does so much more on the court.  Yeah - TO's technicals, missed layups right under the basket.  Last night was typical - 1 for 9. 7 foot tall, in the paint, and he can't get his lazy !$@ up to the rim.  Roony may not be the best off player, but at least he trys. When they keep talking about intensity they don't have, it's because Roony is not out there &amp; neither is Reggie Evans, KMart or Bled.  But we got that stiff walking up and down the court. I would go with Hollins.  Not smooth, but can make FTs and trys.  I'm sick of that Khardasian cupcake.
BarrelRider04::Odom is the biggest Lump of Coal in the NBA and the Clips will be going NOWHERE with Dumb Negro giving him major minutes. It's absolutely dumb-founding Dumb Negro is running him out there as many minutes as he is. And if you're comeback is "Who  else are they going to put in?"....than that explains the state of where this Clipper team is at.
muncieplumbers::bad loss for the clips.  they need to get that 3rd spot in the west.  nobody wants have to play denver right now
PHXNation::Unbelievable, CP3 is the one who holds this team together. He was never a scorer and shooting hasn't been his strength but to say he doesn't deserve superstar money is dumb. Without CP3 on this team, Clippers are fighting for a 8th seed with no identity.
Bjoedeezy::They need to play Bledsoe. Paul is a brick laying, ball stopping, lazy defending, whiner who gets paid superstar money but puts up average numbers. Period. I can think of 10 pg's that would make LA much more explosive. The media has everyone mistaken that Paul is the savior, he isn't. He's all bark and no bite. Period.
I have popcorn in my ears::Lob City can only take you so far.  Need to start playing real basketball.
vman606::excellent point
lazoodo::Recently, Chris Paul hasn't been able to keep  his mind on his game. He's preoccupied with where he'll play next year and how much moola his new team will fork over for his services.
BarrelRider04::Who are some legit coaches out there available now to replace Dumb Negro? I'd like to see Sloan (is he even available/wanting to coach) or Jeff Van Gundy.
Deaneer32::Jerry Sloan as head coach would be amazing.
larshook::Clippers season is ending like a train wreck...lose the 3 seed and out in the first round. I'm not surprised...you need more team players.
Deaneer32::Hill, Odom, Vinny Del Negro and maybe even Chauncey shouldn't return next season....And we need a real Center as much fun it may be to watch DJ catch lobs and Dunk thats pretty much all he does
PSUAngelRaider86::True.  At least he seems to be trying finally, but dang.  He just can't be on the floor until the NBA changes that dumahss ruel.  And it is really dumb. What also bothers me is that Blake is just too much of an also distributed recipient. He can take it down almost every time, but 6 min less and not many shots. he is so damn improved and no one seems to really notice it - except Van Gundy who was calling it right in that Knick game. Here's the thing - 26 wild assshhh 20' plus shots and blake gets 10.  Last night, when Lamar cupcake going 1-9, we had an 8 pt lead in early 4th.  Did you see how many long shots were launched.  Why???  You have an 8pt lead.  Why not take it to them.  Couzins was ready to go off any second, but we're throwing up shots from center court.  Just makes no sense.  There are one Hell of a lot coaches that would love BG.  They's send him down.  He has even started, but we're giving him the same props we give Odom.  Very very upset.  I thought i had seen some bad games, but that one was the worst last night.  meanwhile, Nuggets are beating Bulls and OKC on the road.
BarrelRider04::You are right on!
lazoodo::DeAndre Jordan is a real comedian. His FT shooting makes everyone laugh and is one of the best jokes in town. Odom and Hill are real tragedies. The make everyone cringe and get depressed. The bench has become a B movie. Not that interesting and will never win any awards. After a brief stopover in the playoffs, the Clippers will be fishing or watching the games on TV.
BarrelRider04::Unfortunately, you are right on.
lazoodo::It took a while, but the Clippers have finally drawn the curtain on their true grit...a small cut above average. A few more losses (which are likely) and they'll qualify for the label of "fluke".
Pusherman3::If the Clippers played as well as they flopped, they would have a 23 game win streak.
FTLakerFan::Blake Griffin 4 rebounds, wow, dude is a monster on the boards
rex_coach::<b>He's a beast</b>
Runescape 2007::wtf when did tony douglas get traded lol
rex_coach::<b> lol</b>
Ustna9::When Laker fans are posting on Clipper boards, that makes them "Bi-Curious", right?
rex_coach::<b>I come on here to ensure that your fraud **s is on here...  The clippers have always been a joke and will always be a joke.  Ya dig?</b>
HunkofButter::because Sterling
rex_coach::<b>Lmao!!!!!!!!!!!!  keep telling yourself that...</b>
Ustna9::This "Joke" team has a greater present AND future than your pathetic Lakers.
vman606::this is not a dating site, so put your pee shooter away.
sniper13xxx::Greatest clippers of all time, Eric Piecrapsky or Billy Crystal?
pettsmagee::that embarrassing chris paul flop last night was even an embarrassment to flopping.  what a little squirt
Bjoedeezy::Paul reminds me of that little chicken hawk on the cartoons. All cocky but really just a joke.
luvnbayes::Del Negro has relied too much on Jamal Crawford all year and not enough on Eric Bledsoe.  Bledsoe brings a bunch of intangibles, and we are seeing how good the Clips are without him.  I know he's only 6'  1", but I still think he should be starting with Paul and playing full time minutes.  He would terrorize off guards wih his defensive quickness.
king20345::I don't know about that one.  Who's gonna anchor the defense off the bench?  Who's gonna relieve Paul (last night he played 44 minutes, just before a back-to-back)?  They had a winning chemistry with him off the bench now.  He's been hurt.  But let's focus on the real issue.  How far is Vinny going to take the Clips?  I see an open seat on the coaching staff come June.
eightbitme::Dippers
Unsung511::Something is up with Chris paul ...He's not playing well or aggressive since the all star break
FTLakerFan::he is figuring out where he wants to play next year, anywhere but in a clipper uniform is the rumor
Unsung511::I have no idea what there rotation will be for the playoffs
king20345::Its early spring but "winter is coming" for Lob City.  Time for some new coaching and a new identity.
rdegaeta25::Some things never change.
Ustna9::It's hilarious to see all the angry Laker fans in here...
king20345::personas que detesta algo (haters)
jonthekid83::The Clippers never let us down as the most overrated team in the NBA.
king20345::Great offensive output from Griffin, but he was flat out Chris Bosh-style terrible on the boards considering he played nearly 38 minutes.  There wasn't much help on the point guard end:  no Bledsoe, CP3 had an off night, and the "combo guard" Billups got hurt in the first half.  And how the heck did Cousins "hold" DJ to just 11 points when he doesn't even average double digits? And lets not get into the bad perimeter defense.  I really hope this team can do better the last few games because it looks like they are gonna be a conference semi-final team at best.  And if that's the case, I hope they can get a gritty veteran big with tons of postseason experience to back up the Lob combo.
gt1master_ike::Paul had 7 turnovers which is rare. He doesn't have to score but he can not turn the ball over that many times.
Ustna9::Umm no. Blake has historically abused Cousins.
the_alba_bang::Blake scared of Cousins.
The Original HmrHed::Playing Denver in the first round is not a positive development in clipper land.
the_alba_bang::If they play Nugs in the first round, Clips die a quick death. I say 6 games, 5 if Nugs have HCA.
wilcox1232::Paul should be suspended for that sad attempt at a flop
Whatchu know bout tim couch::You got the president fillin out brackets when the country is goin to hell in a hand basket
the_alba_bang::Oh like that time Bush was raking up cow poop and doing shrooms on his ranch while they was plotting 9/11? Like that type of 'country goin to hell'?
rex_coach::<b>wrong thread</b>
A Drunk Monk::This is the Clipper organization's fault for retaining Vinny Del $@%! Hole.
DAVID LU03::I'm being furious now....  beaten by what.....kings?!  I think It is the time to conclude Clipps are hopeless
gt1master_ike::If Clippers falter down the stretch and lose in the 1st round, Vinny will have to leave for Paul to stay. I have said this since the start of march.
wilcox1232::if clippers lose in the first round nothing will convince paul to stay. Its why he hasnt signed an extension yet
Ustna9::no it's not... It's all about the $$$
BarrelRider04::Clips will not come close to competing for a ring until: 1. We get a legit center. DeAndre gets too lost on d all the time and our back up Lump of Coal Kardashian is one of the biggest jokes in basketball. 2. New coach - I'd like to see Sloan or Jeff Van Gundy instill some real defense and also a coach who can actually run a play on offense. 3. The team gets focused and committed to playing DEFENSE INSTEAD OF SHOWBOAT OFFENSE..
BarrelRider04::This supposedly "new" Clipper team is resembling the same ole Clipper teams of the past more and more each game. Their defense has now fallen off the map to a totally unprofessional level - it's like watching a bunch of school kids try play defense = absolutely laughable, pathetic embarrassing defense. I am done watching this team get worse and worse as we get towards the playoffs. Bunch of unprofessional hacks including the coach.
Notta Lespn1::Flake Griffin had 4 rebounds? Next year he should start at Sour Forward in the all-star game!
Notta Lespn1::him and D.Jordan with all those hops would be self check if CP3 was'nt spoonfeeding them!
inityminiwur::Who's got the better end of the deal now? T-Rob's a non-factor for Houston while Patterson and Douglas are contributing big-time in Sacramento. That was a T-Robbery.
Notta Lespn1::its a little to late to contribute in sactown, we call that auditoning.
MasonPyron1234::Clippers really need to step their act up, and just get back to the basics.
Notta Lespn1::The basic's,?Developing lottery picks for the rest of the league?
REDUCE523::As a clips fan. We are looking at an earlier exit then last year. This team cannot realize give me games have to be won and you have to beat teams you are playing in the playoffs also. I think if they dont get there stuff together this will always be a next year team.
BravoManiac::clippers suck. half the players on that team shoot bricks all night
Phatepiclewts::The Clips got clobbered, damn.  The Seattle Supersonics will be a good team with a few more pieces.
rex_coach::<b>Indeed...</b>
rex_coach::<b>a clipper board can barely muster 2K comments... "You gon learn today!" - Kevin Hart</b>
SMANGANG::clips will lose to the grizz in the 1st round!!!
Ustna9::VDN is not capable of bringing out the best in this team. The Clips will fall in the 2nd round again and hopefully that will be the last time we see him on the sideline coaching our team.
BarrelRider04::We need Sloan or Jeff Van Gundy, somone who has a f$$king clue how to play  defense and actually run a play on offense.
rex_coach::<b>LMAO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!</b>
LetsPlayScRyB::cant wait to see the clippers not play defense in the playoffs
rex_coach::<b>They'll "neva" be the Lakers... hahahaha </b>
Ustna9::Thank goodness! That is the best news i've heard all day.
vman606::yeah, who wants banners and rings? we play for sportscenter highlights!!
flybye23::lost to the clippers, lmao !!!
LetsPlayScRyB::lost to the kings***
