KMike::Didn't bother to watch the game because I knew they would lose. Same stuff, different night. 38-40% from the field on any given night because all the other teams need to do is protect the paint and let the Pistons beat themselves. They'll jack up random shots from everywhere, because they have nobody that can drive nor pass into the lane for paint points. Open mid range jump shots created by ball movement are a mystery to these guys. Can't get the ball to Drummond or Monroe, so up goes another three. The kid is the leading offensive rebounder in the league, but can't buy a basket on anything but stick backs because nobody can get him the ball. It would be comical if it weren't so pathetic. If I'm a Monroe or Drummond, I'm out of Detroit yesterday as soon as I can get traded or hit the free agent market.
Cyril::I have to say one more thing about Jennings:  Two games back, Jennings had 10 assists in the first half against Memphis and Detroit held a 56-51 lead at the break.  Greg Monroe had 10 shot attempts in the first half.  In the second half, Jennings had ONE measly assist but put up 9 or 10 shots. Monroe only got 7 more shots the rest of the game and Detroit lost by 28.  Pretty dramatic turnaround, ALL caused by Jennings overshooting.   Tonight was the same thing. At halftime, Jennings had 8 assists and Monroe had 9 shot attempts.  The Pistons held a 54-50 lead with Monroe shooting 5-9. In the second half, Jennings got ONE assist and Monroe only got 3 more shots the rest of the game. Meanwhile, Jennings continued chucking and shot 3-9 in the second half.  The Pistons lost by 21.   Notice a trend here? Jennings almost always gets the majority of his assists in the first half, and in the second half he turns into Sir Bricksalot.  He starts playing hero ball as soon as the second half starts.  Wouldn't be too bad if he wasn't shooting about 30% from the field over the last 5 games! What a waste of talent.
donald::I can miss six 3 pointers a game, or six free throws. I'm versatile, but one way or another, I will take and miss shots that cost my team.
L.W.::A former league door mat is finally starting to show some swagger.
Vincent::It's time for Joe Dumars to go already. Sorry Joe, but you gotta go----thanks for all the great memories as a player and the success you had early in your career as a general manager but your time has come. Again, thanks for everything but it's over.
Ken::I'm glad to see one loser Miami bandwagon fan took the time to post about this game, but get your facts right. Toronto currently leads their division, and Detroit would make the playoffs if they started today. Don't get me wrong, they both suck, but "bottom feeders"? And by the way, Miami isn't great either. Someone will end their run this year.
Trace Mann::I had Detroit winning at least 41 games this year. and playing 500 ball. Then Dumars signs Josh Smith and destroyed the teams chemistry. Mo does not seem to get the best out of his players, never really has.
derky::smith shooting 40 percent and Jennings shooting 38 percent for the year horrible!!!!! need better shooters!!!
Win or Lose with Honor::This is all on Dumars. Letting young players like Amir Johnson, Afflalo, and Knight go. Then signing low basketball IQ players LIKE Smith and Jennings. And deciding to keep Maxiell, among others. Not  sure that Cheeks is the coach for the job. Playing worthless Bynum and Jennings together? That means there is no defense on the court at the guard spots. This  team is a joke. Get rid of the GM.
Bad::Drummond and Jennings are definitely brights stars of the future.  LMFAO!!!!!
