mksatx::kausefrophenfriez.   kespnkinder
mksatx::Great first half for the Spurs.  Over came injuries and tough schedule..  7 games up on memphis with only 28 games left.  Lots of homes games for Spurs in march and april.  Get healthy for playoffs and have home court for most if not all of series.  GO SAN ANTONIO SPURS !
dsosa83::Awesome Spurs season!  People are just jealous that we are good every year...we might now have won a championship in some time but it is better to be a contender than not!  This year we have a better chance to beat Thunder because Harden is not on the team!
SPEN206209::I see four keys--3 are currently there. (1) Danny Green has to overcome his "Icy Hot" nickname (from  '48 Minutes of Hell' blogger) --maybe have a game like that in 1st round of playoffs, but not after; (2) Backup PGs - de Colo, Mills, Neal (if he is still there)  have to step up because Tony Parker will need some relief, and those guys have to maintain at least when he is not on the court. (3) Kawhi Leonard will be the X FACTOR throughout  the playoffs---will Pop give him the opportunities to step up and excell in the playoffs-- and will Kawhi accept those moments and come through? (4) Spurs sacrifice offensive  rebounding to get back on defense, but giving up too many second chances will eventually gives oppoents the advantage--same as not being strong on the defensive boards spells trouble. I feel the Spurs have to make a move before the trade deadline. Go Spurs Go!!!
Ohh Kay See::Harden is overrated, we are twice as good without him. Kmart is a better fit!
texican_10::Joke of the day
Obi One Ginobili 20::So im rooting for the heat tonight
Jevers10::All I "smell" are fans whose team has been there time and time and (4 rings, good luck getting to one; it's incredibly hard) and who understand the significance of homecourt throughout the postseason.  Does it always make a difference? Obviously not. See: last year's WCF.  But it certainly helps. Drive for 5! Go Spurs Go!
Ohh Kay See::I smell FEAR
I hate Jerry Jones::It's your upper lip......
No-account drifter::Me too, reluctantly. Top seed could really be a large advantage.
SPURZWARZ1.5::Thunder fans better worry more about getting their @$$ kicked tonight for the 6th straight time by King James! Durant's mom will be court side so He can cry on her shoulder!
DalvinSplit::Spurs are the only team that will beat Heat in finals .No other team from the west will beat Heat !!
Kobe Brick Mason::DalvinSplit - Spurs are the only team that will beat Heat in finals .No other team from the west will beat Heat !!  Spurs=one and done
wilhenderso 6::Spurs D-League team nearly beat the Heat.
Murphy55410::Ricky Rubio was 1 rebound short of a triple double last night.  How did your all star Kyrie do?
Phat_Jax::Yes. Your guy was better on one night, never mind that the other guy has been better every other single night of their careers... Are you trying that hard to troll or do you really not know how to compare production between two players?
dweidrick53::What has Rubio done since coming back from his injury? And what has Kyrie done all year?
DalvinSplit::New NBA star was born  .Leonard is only 21 old  and his  work etic and  will to learn from the best in basketball start to pay of . He will be the force and corner stone for Spurs future .
cha204::Good player. WILL NEVER EVER BE A STAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
joemcleod83::In three years Kawhi will be an 18-20 point, 7 rebound, 2 steal guy, and yes he will be an all star and a top 30 player in the NBA.
mccoy3181::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FzI9BYuWb1o  Deal with it cha204
mccoy3181::Good job liking your own posts
mccoy3181::yes he will. What the hell do you know anyway? Thats right nothing.  Its hard for you to deal with the fact the Spurs will continue to be good even when Tim and Tony and Manu retire.  Pop knows what he is doing.
cha204::Looks like the same old Spurs. They will get waxed in playoffs this year before the WCF!
cha204::YOU WONT BEAT THE THUNDER! No matter what seed you are.
mccoy3181::The Thunder will get knocked out of the playoffs before they even play the Spurs.
mccoy3181::You must be Nostradumba$$
cha204::They are maxing out now. Best record dont mean squat!
mccoy3181::again there you go liking your own posts
mccoy3181::The thing is that the Spurs dont even have to play the big 3 to win.  Leonard is a beast and #1 seed does mean something.  It means you get homecourt throughout the playoffs.  Homecourt is key especially in the playoffs.  Go Spurs Go!!!
mccoy3181::You mean the 42-12 best record in the NBA Spurs who have the deepest bench and one of the best big 3s in the league?  No I dont think you know anything about basketball.  The Spurs look more focused and tough this time around.  Deal with the fact that they have a great chance to win another ship.
SPURZWARZ1.5::Just like your mom did!
Clueless Heat Fan::who cares the heat own the west and the sprus repeat coming up baby
Markell619::danny green sucks what is like 2 for 50 over the few games
rynospurs21::You must not watch the games. Dude shot sixty percent from three the previous five games.
Matty Ice Ice Romo::poor Cleveland....
sscott907::Tim Duncan:  "My rhythm wasn't there, but just to run up and down the court instead of wearing a suit was awesome"  I don't know Timmy,  I love your Jed Clampett suit.      GO SPURS GO!!!!!!!!!!
VolkieG::ESPN, the Spurs lead OKC by 2 games right now, not 1 1/2.
cha204::WHO CARES!
Lorenzomax7::In 2013, Tony Parker or CP3?
wslaton::TP
mksatx::Yep
mksatx::The lakers have won 8 of 11.  But lost 10 of 12 games preceding that.  Even with portland going in the tank already... the lakers are still so far below 500.  And  slum_punk _a_do.?  Lol go clippers.
GreatnessQSmooth::I Hope The Spurs Get Home Court Over OKC http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U3eCmv17bd4
Hondo Kid::I just want the spurs to have everyone healthy and get a chance to play okc again come playoff time
Hondo Kid::That Ginobili behind the back pass.. for the dunk by blair 2nd qtr was sweet.  Too bad the highlight reel on this site is more razor commercial than good highlight video.
f0shoo::Tim Duncan has more than exceeded expectations. He's been playing since the David Robinson days and still just as good...maybe even better.  Lakers fan.
OHthenowTX::He has no ego or swag and is a great team mate.
sscott907::OHthenowTX - Tim learned a great lesson from David.  David said sign me for less money so you can sign Tim.  That is why David is so loved here!  Then Timmy said signed me for less so we can get Richard Jefferson:) Well that didn't work, but he did no less
OHthenowTX::Tim learned a great lesson from David.  David said sign me for less money so you can sign Tim.  That is why David is so loved here!
Hondo Kid::I think Kahwi Leonard is a fine fit with the spurs.  He has gone from unproven to starting for the spurs.  Playing with parker duncan ginobili and the rest is good all around.   Honestly when the spurs gave up g. Hill to indy to get kahwi I was doubtful to say the least.  Not anymore
OHthenowTX::That is no saying they will not bring him back at some point.  They brought  Jack back.  They will let him work out his youth elsewhere.
Hondo Kid::Like I said I had my doubts about the trade but not anymore.   Appreciate the insight.
OHthenowTX::Kahwi is more mature and that makes him more coach able
OHthenowTX::Well when you live in a gated community with small  children everywhere that are in school and in bed by eight p.m.  George and his home boy's would roll in after games and crank up the music and it was party time for them.  They did not care  that every 5,6,7,8,9, as well as the new born children were awake until all hours as he turned his house into a club!  I will just call it having TOO much $$$$$$$$ and half a brain cell!  Thankfully,  he will grow up and have kids of his own and he will be a different person.  Maybe then we can bring him back to the SPURS!
Hondo Kid::Kahwi was unproven never played a minute of NBA ball at that point.  Was fresh outta college?  Come on  fill me in
OHthenowTX::G.Hill was not a good fit off the court!  He was a neighbor and the Spurs were not happy with his behavior off the court!
Hondo Kid::News to me.  What's your source and exactly what do you mean?  Thanks
Hibriddd::there's a guy named Kevin Durant who OWNS the spurs like they are slaves
Hondo Kid::Sure whatever.  Props for wcf chip last year but really...
OHthenowTX::You do not understand Pick Your Poison!  One player does not make a Team!
OHthenowTX::He could be some day but not yet he made a bIg shot now he has to go to work and prove himself over and over before he becomes a star!
Hondo Kid::Spurs just barely escape with the win.  Cavs ran outta time.  But look out.  After the all star game the spurs got western road trip to finish feb.  Then lots of home games at att center.  Where they haven't lost since November.
MrBillyBates::leonard is a star
OHthenowTX::I wonder if the same fines from the League Office will apply when the Eastern Conf. Has to make up the 6 games that the Spurs have played while they were eating BonBon's.  It is like Stern wanted certain teams to lose players to a stacked sched.  What he did not count on was the depth of the Spurs bench!  Also this law suit brought by a Miami fan againist the Spurs is garbage.  When you buy a ticket to a game you are promised a seat and stale popcorn if you behave yourself, otherwise they can give you the gate or a jail cell.  You are never told that you will see a double-double from a star player!
I hate Jerry Jones::Consider the source...."Heat fan" is an oxymoron, there's no such thing, they're all bandwagoners and bandwagoners tend to be ambulance chasers too.  LOL
Shawn1807::Spurs are cold
cooltapes777::spurs will be america's team if they play the heat...that'll be crazy cool  but thunder have every right to be against us if we get by them, and likewise...nothing personal, but never gonna be for OKC
Strike 1 yer OUT::you type like an idiot
cooltapes777::kawhi leonard was deep in the Q!!
fallsoversteve::Kawhi CLUTCH
JohnsonnnL::Dion probably should have had the last shot Kyrie was out of sync.
CTownHiLo::he had nothing going last night. Dion just hit a killer shot and had it going all night. Shoulda given that to Dion. Either way it was nice to see Dion hit a bog shot and have a strong game. Odd that even without Andy it was a close game...
mksatx::Coulda woulda shouda.  No one any where coming out of that huddle would not have said.... kyrie its you.    That's all there is to it.
lovesports27::I love Kyrie but it seems people only talk about his great games. He will be one of the best players in the league soon but he's not there yet. Kyrie will never be Lebron but he's a decent second prize if you can't have the GOAT.
grizzsuckin4thquarter::Leonard is not a role player he is playing better than Manu right now and is a future star in the making.
57Gerger::Started betting with a system called Sportsbettingstar now for a couple of months. I found this on the first page of google by searching for sports betting systems. Since I started I have made around $3,000 a month just following it
Rudy_rush20::How the $@%! and I suppose to stop him from spinning!!!!!!               -Anyone that guards Parker
videoguy0314::i just don't know what she's doing anymore. i mean seriously Britney, what are you doing?
jan2x::"(Parker) cut me off with my left hand, I tried to spin, my body never I lost my balance," said Irving, who has hit game-winning shots against Charlotte and Toronto this season.  If that is what he really said, then hooray for Duke education.
jan2x::Thanks for clarifying. So, it's again the fault of ESPN writers and editors.  Btw, I like Kyrie's game too, so mature at this stage. I've heard there are people (Clevelanders perhaps) who are salivating on the thought of a Kyrie-LeBron duo in the near future.  :)
briguy772007::Kyrie Irving's actual quote on his last shot, where he was defended by Parker:   "He cut me off with my left hand and I tried to spin.  And I just -- he bodied me a little bit.  I lost my balance.  And, you know, that's basically it."  He's actually very articulate, and a very good interview.  Too bad he had a horrible night.  He was spending too much time at practice getting ready for the 3-point shooting contest this weekend.
Rudy_rush20::So I did read it right. Com on Drew. I thought you get buckets
SPIZURS::OK here is my list from greatest down  1 Duncan 2 Robinson 3 Gervin 4 Manu 5 Parker 6. Robertson 7 Elliot 8 Johnson 9 Gilmore 10 Cummings . . 285 Jack Haley
mccoy3181::or Rod Strickland
mccoy3181::Dwayne Schintzus should be there too
crystakke::Parker and Manu reached their top levels at different times, but Parker has played at that level for longer. For me, Parker is already ahead of Manu and should be on everyone lists before he retires.
cooltapes777::bowen?
Hondo Kid::Zarko paspaji. Moses malone played one year.  The human highlight?  from atlanta.  Larry kenon.  Billy paultz.  James silas.  By the way a new 40th anniversary spurs book just was released.
Rudy_rush20::7. Gilmore  8. Elliott  9. Johnson Why does everyone forget Gilmore.  He is very underrated for being so badass.
AustinBeal::Where is Cherokee Parks and Chris Quinn?
ntpthp::Damn Pop, you should've switch the play before the foul as the last play.  I want to see the DUNK as a go-ahead tie/possible winning shot for SA.  I mean imagine a dunk as a beater buzzer for spurs.. I don't think I ever saw one in the last... 3 f'ing years.
GSG7007::A dunk would have tied it.  Cleveland did us a favor by collapsing on Tony.  The one thing the coach told them before leaving the huddle after the last time out was "don't give up a 3"  Oops!
mksatx::Don't  question pops genius.  Not here anyway.  Unless your ready to catch he!! From people.  Most don't know the infield fly rule from team fouls aka in the bonus foul shots etc.
TDuncan021::I'll take a wide open 3 for the win...
incredibeau::even the way the spurs conduct themselves and speak in post game interviews sets a high bar for the rest of the nba
Ohh Kay See::I do think the Spurs coulda beat the heat last year, but that was there last chance! Roll Thunder!
I hate Jerry Jones::Ohh Kay See just s.hit his pants......
mksatx::They are..they're.  To own.. their.  Place... there.     Don't get me to splainin ya'alls
Carlos8946::Btw, thanks for trading Harden ((:
Dub_Boyzzz Soldierzzz::Good job team, Go Spurs Go!!!! F U David Stern
James Harden 3 point Celebration::Spurs are rolling, good job
Kobrick Ross::Spurs have to have one of the most likeable teams in the NBA.   Would love to see them upset the Heat.   may be a grueling playoffs, if OKC and the Spurs clash before the finals, while the Heat figure to cruise....
James Harden 3 point Celebration::if the spurs knock my thunder off, please beat the Heat
Rudy_rush20::If they beat my Spurs,  like wise.
Robert60212::Anybody see SC and the props we got? It's like someone finally told espn that San Antonio is one of the largest cities in the country so they figured they should throw us a bone. It was cool but it felt forced.
Nerissa2525::Leoanard 10rebs and 4 blocks amazing
2846mike::If youre gonna make a greatest Spurs team of all time...thats a tough choice. A lot of players that people forgot about that were very good like Willie Anderson...Terry Cummings...
arnoldg9::Mengke Bateer
AustinBeal::lmao that guy would play less minutes that Cory Joseph
GSG7007::Larry Kenon
GoSeattleSanAntonioSports::Alvin Robertson.
Deetch::And who could forget Dwayne Schintzius? Definitely on the list.
TechnicalFoul2::May he rest in Peace
VolkieG::LOL
2846mike::James Silas.
VolkieG::Yep
VolkieG::Can't leave out Artis Gilmore either.
Kobrick Ross::If Waiters AND Irving both get hot at the same time, Cleveland has a halfway-decent team...
KatelynFabersLawyer211::Especially when Varejao gets healthy.
VolkieG::Why does ESPN have the Spurs as being 1 1/2 games up when it's 2? Get your scheisse together.
cooltapes777::it's bc they hold the tiebraker at the present moment (conf record)
AustinBeal::I could imagine Johnny Moore being a Spurs legend if he stayed healthy
