Allstar3261::Michael Jordan Still Confident Bobcats Will Make Playoffs - http://www.brokensports.com/?p=318
ruedsone10::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JOWbbAqJVFA
ruedsone10::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JOWbbAqJVFA  KD!!!!!
lance_baldwin_lbst::Thunder has San Antonio Monday not Sacremento. #RecapError
Westjag::ESPN 4 ...Who cares if its an important game lol .
sjohnson2013_08::Jordan was supposed to turn this thing around
tlspennstate::Charlotte has got some huge problems. No one trusts in the front line at all. Mullens is too big to be shooting 3s most of the night, he's the tallest player and has 0 rebounds because of it! Bismack was a terrible project idea for a team that can't afford to wait on players to learn how to play. MKG will only gain confidence if the coaches get him in a scoring mindset. Only 5 shots in 22mins for 2pts? Two 1st round picks and they have to be used on a C and PF.
Dribbird.::.
Dribbird.::.
LALALALALALAL_17::Lol LePEDA WOULD NEVER TAKE THE DIFFICULTY OF SHOTS KOBE TOOK YESTERDAY IN THE CLUTCH
ThunderHornz::Somebody pour salt on these slugs!
23Harrison2828::Hasheem thabeet with 8 points 8 rebounds and 3 blocks. they should start him once in a while
WhyMeESPN::Westbrook is so overrated it makes me sick. Also, any chance OKC can learn to play defense in this century?
Westjag::Haters like yourself make me sick.
Westjag::Shutup
lance_baldwin_lbst::Okc is a defensive minded team. Westbrook is a top 5 talent don't be jealous.
WhyMeESPN::97.4 points game allowed...that's no defense. Westbrook is totally out of control on the floor, of course, you wouldn't realize that seeing as how you've never watched a game until your thunder moved to okc
LAKERS We The Best::Durbrick and WestBrick brick alot
sjohnson2013_08::Durant and Westbrook scored 30 TOGETHER to beat the Bobcats. Amazing.
Mieryekit::REYNALDO BALKMAN..(former NBA player in Knicks &amp; Nuggets) CHOKE his teammate!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0bmGR2YDa1I
Cswillwin::avery bradley commn 4 u westbrook
23Harrison2828::Avery Bradley is the best perimeter defender by far.
lance_baldwin_lbst::LMFAO
RDavison82::Who?
RDavison82::Who?
KJsactown::Ive been following this bet system called Sportsbettingstar. I doubled my balance my first month and made almost $3000 by the end of my 2nd month using the systems. You can find this system on the first page of google by searching for sports betting systems
Jeff 315::Using a betting system called sportsbettingstar. Im making around 2-3k a month profits using it so far. You can find this system on google by searching for sports betting systems. If you bet on sports you have to see this
XaxicDursTV::Highlights of this game for those who missed it; http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FXjr-j4_efk
InRihannasGut::If I were the Bobcats FO i would offer Josh Smith a max deal. idc. anything is better than what they got on their roster now.
23Harrison2828::if u watched the celtics game you would understand why people wont offer him a max contract.
footballfan123x::why would they take on a huge contract for no reason? That isn't going to turn them into a contender and it would potentially lead to some more wins which would hurt their lottery chances and opportunity to get some more young talent to build around.
ThunderHornz::The recap says we go to Sacramento Monday......some writer will be lonely!
cxlo::"YES! WE MADE IT TO THE FRONT PAGE!!!"  -Bobcats
IdBangLBJsMommaToo::MKG is a terrible rookie, just sayin
IdBangLBJsMommaToo::well... now i see how MJ could beat MKG in a 1on1. most overrated rookie next to thomas robinson. gtfo
Deport Ibaka::Heat&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Thunder
PINKYCUZ-OKC::Just now realized BOSHTRICH was left-handed.
thunderguy80::OKC won now if Miami and SA could lose it would b a perfect night
Verm5::They had a better record than Miami last year too...OKC can't beat Miami, simple as that.
AndrewOKC::Just need SA.  We'll have a better record than the Heat for the finals.
IdBangLBJsMommaToo::no you wont, you idiot.
thunderguy80::would be nice to see the Heat lose and end their streak
AndrewOKC::WANT both.....only NEED SA
PINKYCUZ-OKC::Miami could lose.
Factoids R Us::I see Durant only had 7 FTA's tonight....then I saw only 24 minutes....so, right on par :)
thunderguy80::really thats the best u can come up with....disappointed in the trolls 2nite
thunderguy80::OKC played balance ball 60 points from our starters and 56 from our bench
Maxi Klinger::Mike Dunlap , defensive coach of the year?
sooner1980wb20::The last 82 games season we went 55-27... we will do better than that this year right? I think we can get 60...
PINKYCUZ-OKC::9 wins away from tying the ever improving record for OKC.
thunderguy80::I think OKC finishes with 62 maybe 63 wins
thunderguy80::nice OKC bench scored 56 points tonight
PINKYCUZ-OKC::I want to get hired to stop bullying, when I see it, I will F up some bully's. Good business.
WhyMeESPN::Big man with internet muscles. I'm petrified
steelersbobcatsredsox::the bobcats were obviously going to lose, im just suprised with how mkg played after having two good games previously
9edr0::Dunlap should play him more only gets about 25 mins per game
jbark2486::The guy is in over his head. I mean it was kind of messed up to put a rookie coach in this horrible situation in the first place, but the dude needs to get a grip.
9edr0::he only played Bismack 6 mins the last game and played Diop like 25 no clue what he is doing
jbark2486::Yeah and he claims he's trying to get the young guys playing time. What a scrub.
Verm5::MJ will find a way to screw up the first pick in the draft this year...He'll probably pick that moron from Ole Miss.
9edr0::Rich Cho does the player moves now Jordon just signs checks
jbark2486::They won't even get the first pick because the draft lottery is whack.
Verm5::Whatever! But if anybody can screw up the first pick in the NBA draft, it's Michael Jordan...
Maxi Klinger::Bobcats players will now head back to the locker room, do u think they will be hurting / care that they lost?  No way, they r just thinking about how many points they scored
9edr0::they care they just haven't learned how to win
Verm5::Look who their owner is...What did you expect?
sooner1980wb20::Will we win 15 of the last 20 and go over 60 wins?
PINKYCUZ-OKC::Tough. But possible. D will got 10 3's
sooner1980wb20::Dang... was anybody guarding him??
Verm5::That's why you can't take Michael Jordan seriously, when he said Kobe is Better than LeBron...The Bobcats were in the playoffs, before that buffoon took over...This is the same man who drafted Kwame Brown, and Andrew Morrison, Point is MJ doesn't know squat about talent.
E L FUDGE::Everyone from both teams scored except Brewer..
PINKYCUZ-OKC::On to the celtics board....let's talk there, this board is condemned.
ThunderHornz::Hope you Bobcat fans get some joy- nice talking with you. Good health!
PINKYCUZ-OKC::F the ESPN mods.
Maniacpkt::did you refresh?
Maniacpkt::i must be psychic
PINKYCUZ-OKC::Yeah
Strike 1 yer OUT::Grant Long could beat Fisher 1 vs1 right f'n now!!
DaveOK69::Good game Bobcats fans. Good luck going forward.
PINKYCUZ-OKC::About to listen to doggystyle by snoop since we put it in charlotte's butt.
calebfairfield200::respect to Ronnie Brewer for that right there. he could have Dunked the crap out of that ball.
Krausik::360 between the legs from FT line
Jeffy5168::he is a good defensive player
calebfairfield200::also, they embarrassed this team enough. theres no need to throw down a dunk when you are up 30 and theres 20 seconds left.
Krausik::Ronnie should dunk it
Maniacpkt::this is one of those games that has been over for awhile, so there isn't much left to say
PINKYCUZ-OKC::Told dude, OKC over 115' check below.
