John Michael00::More Tiago less tim
210-beast::Great win, you can just tell the difference in energy and confidence in our younger players when they are at home. If we can only translate that on the road we would be a serious threat to anyone in the league. GO Spurs Go!
Justinisasi::Couple things that were disappointing about the performance.  My primary concern was the Hawks inability to respond to adversity. They caught some tough calls and bad bounces in the 2nd quarter, and weathered the storm long enough to make a run and get back to within two. But the next time the Spurs started to run, the Hawks just laid down. Granted, the officiating never gave them a chance to even think about making a run until it got out of hand , but the technical to Josh was a sure fire sign that the team had lost its composure.  Secondly was the inability to adjust to the outside shooting of the Spurs. This is Larry Drew's specialty and the primary reason we upset Orlando last year. Drew has been very good at letting Jason Collins or Zaza hang all over the talented big man and have everyone else stay home. But Josh and Marvin and Jeff continually stepped in trying to help on Duncan. Kick-Out ... Swing... Bonner/RJ for 3 .  But the Hawks will rebound against a bad Detroit team and put this one in the rear-view mirror.
threetimechamp210::The secret to the rediculously good home record and that the Hawks haven't won here since 97 is the San Antonio mexican food!  Yeah, stuff the visiting teams up with that delicious stuff and by gametime the visiting teams is too full to play. Ha, lay off the riverwalk margaritas before gametime too Atlanta and maybe you could score 90 instead of 83!!
NOVABuffalo::The POWER of RUBEN's tamales.
mynameise::CORRECTION: The Hawks triple overtime lost to Miami was to Chris Bosh alone. Both Lebron and Dwayne Wade were injured.
acohn22::What lost the game was when the Hawks were down 2 in the second half, and the great Josh Smith gave up three 3 pointers to Matt Bonner.  Come on Josh, read the scouting report and don't let the whiteboy shoot the three!!!
lsiberian::Big win. Splitter is coming along very well. Pop can flat out coach.
mikey3941::AHHHH You look like Tiago Splitter!!!
threetimechamp210::I love my Spurs but they have too many newbies and rookies, they aren't an "old veteran" team anymore. A ton of mistakes are made by this team, great win, but I can't wait till Manu gets back. With these rooks getting some experience and the veterans doing what they do, I am curious to see what this team can do in the playoffs.
threetimechamp210::I know we aren't supposed to care about ESPN not giving SA any love but really, no Spurs highlights on Sportscenter at all? Really? I was waiting to see some Spurs killing Hawks highlights and they never did show up!
authentic714::I love that bench +/- ....quality minutes there guys.
FingerRoleJoeTM::My Hawks fans will dump this squad after 1 loss..thats pathetic...on the heels of a loss I still say with confidence we can beay ANY TEAM IN THE EAST in a 7 game series
91Gmoney9009::As a Hawks fan, Im not dumping this squad. It was just a rough night. Joe looked terrible, Josh played well but his numbers were below average. Zaza didnt do anything. It was just an all around off night. They will bounce back and beat the Pistons by 17 tomorrow, bet JJ wont have 2 sub par games back to back
mikey3941::Too bad Spurs are in the WESTERN CONFERENCE...... Genius!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
91Gmoney9009::he didnt mention anything about the Spurs or the West. He was implying that we are at the top of the Eastern Conference and can play with anyone. Genious!!!!
formaggio jones::please bring back Isiah so I cab get used to losing like we are again.....Hire Isiah
spindip32::The best thing about this game was the Spurs' team defense. I know they put on a clinic on offense, too (29 assists, Baby!), but the Spurs have been losing games lately because they haven't been able to maintain leads in the second half, especially down the stretch. It was great to see them lock a team down. They really need to focus on being a defense-first team like they used to be. They can still put up the points on offense. They move the ball around better than most teams in the NBA. The shots are spread out. Everyone touches the ball and has a chance to put up open shots. There are going to be a lot of nights when the open shots don't go down. It would be nice to be able to rely on strong defense on those nights. Go Spurs Go!
J-SMOOVE2019::YAWN, we are still 13-6 and have a game vs a bad Pistons team on Friday.  Its all good.  I still would have liked to win this game since we havent won there since 97, but its all good.
TyroneNovaScotia_00.7::The Hawks are stuck in a no man's zone by themselves, where they are much better than the crappy teams but much worse than the elite and good teams. You couldnt be any more average than the Atlanta Hawks, actually you could say this about the Falcons, Braves, Hawks and Bulldogs. The act is getting old in the State of GA. God, at least one of these teams have to take the "next step"
91Gmoney9009::Yea, the Braves didnt dominate an entire decade of baseball or anything. How many teams in the NBA have recently made the playoffs 4 straight years? Bulldogs finished 1st in the SEC east, and 2nd in the SEC. Falcons had the best record in the NFL last year and were a solid team this year. There are very few cities around the US that have had the success that the Atlanta franchises have had over the past 10 years. If you qualify being elite as winning championships, then no, I guess none of our teams are elite. But are our teams better than most cities? Just look up the stats for yourself.
brandonspurs4ever::What about the Thrashers.....oh that's right! LOL
J-SMOOVE2019::Dude, nobody cares about hockey in the South.  I could have cared less when the Thrashers got shipped to Winnipeg.
__Ivan Johnson__::If you look at me funny then I'll f-ck you up
mikey3941::Are you gonna ef me up with yo chittlins' and conebwead? You def can't beat me in a swimming contest....HIYO!!!!!!!!
mauricclarettisinnocent::YOURE SUCH A FACKING REEEEETARD
texasrocks123456::The rest of the Hawks schedule this road trip is easy. We should be 3-2 at worst before a 6 game home stand. This loss means nothing.....HAWWWWKS!!!
jackp16::If your $120 million man don't wake up sooner rather than later, the Hawks will end up with a losing record. Since receiving the big contract, his numbers have declined. Why work hard if you don't have to.
mjaydub16::Hey I am not really a fan of either team, but I am from San Diego and am curious how Spurs' fans like Kawhi Leonard and Malcolm Thomas?
spindip32::Kawhi's very active on defense. He has long arms that can bother scorers. He has great feet, but needs to learn where to be at all times in different defensive schemes. I think he can become a top-tier defensive stopper. His offense is still pretty raw. He penetrates well, even if he doesn't always know what to do with the ball when he goes deep. He needs to improve his 3-point shooting and mid to long range game, because once he really gets comfortable with the offense, he's going to get the ball in great spots and might possibly end up being a play maker. If there is a positive to Manu's injury (gulp, it still makes me want to cry when I think about it), it's that all of these young guys, including Kawhi, are getting lots of valuable play time and experience in preparation for the stretch and the playoffs. Kawhi is exactly the kind of guy the Spurs love to have and have had success with in the past: over-loooked by other teams, works hard when out on the floor, finds a role on the team and plays within the system to make great contributions. Go Spurs Go!
mjaydub16::Sounds good. They were both exciting to watch last year during that historic SDSU season in basketball. I think I need to start rooting Spurs for their sake lol
tnfins::we love kawi leonard and are very excited about his future. what an amazing athelete who is very exciting to watch. however, he is still very raw and having typical rookie struggles,but his upside is unlimited.   still not certain as to what kind of impact Malcolm Thomas will be able to have in the long term. he is more for depth purposes at this time as the spurs are limited at pf/c.   go spurs go!
alaingruen::I'm not sure about unlimited upside, but he has been doing about as well as anyone could have expected.
onthemic79::Good lord.  I wouldn't wish Atlanta sports on my worst enemy.  This is getting old.  Same old sorry @ss Hawks.
brandonlee561heat::Heat fans thank you San Antonio
onthemic79::If the Heat are worried about a team like the Hawks, then they aren't winning it all.  That being said, I don't believe that a team as talented as Miami has any concern about what our sorry Hawks are up to.  They know that they'll be a weak 4 seed and lose in the 2nd round at best.
ATLrepresent11::Cause the Heat can't be the best team in the Southeast. They gotta hope everyone else loses.
WhyUHatin47::Thats how it is in every sport , you f.uck.
buttersjohnson81::^^ agreed.
outlawjoseywhales1981::The Spurs aren't even throwing a talented team out there. What a joke.
outlawjoseywhales1981::Look at the Hawks schedule for Feb... They'll be lucky if they're .500 after next month. Lots of L's to come their way.
gregorio363::BTW NJ BEAT PHILLY IN PHILLY TONIGHT  AT WORST THEY GO 4-9 IN FEB AND WILL BE 15-8 GOING IN  BUT I GET UR POINT
outlawjoseywhales1981::Seriously... They will not be able to pad the W colum with wins against crappy teams like Washington and Portland and NJ and those guys.
gregorio363::EASY NOW
freshstart_777::Joe Johnson isn't worth NO TYPE OF MAX DEAL!
TomaHawk238::if we let him walk we would have gotten no one.  We were still over the cap without him, and there's no way Dwight or Lebron would have considered coming to an atlanta team who's best player is josh smith
brandonspurs4ever::you're talking in ALL CAPS, so it MUST be true.
batigoal85::lol ,    that is true,    the management made a stupid mistake , they should have let him go if he didn't wonna sign for less money,   players like him are not hard to replace,  with that kind of money u could sign dwight or lebron kind of players.
gregorio363::THINK EVERYONE AGREES
Fusiontron::Cool now maybe get some road wins and then we're talking the 1 seed again.
Fusiontron::If the Spurs can get to .550 on the road then I don't see why not.
alaingruen::that might be a stretch, no? A 1 seed? Don't see that happening.
outlawjoseywhales1981::Maybe the hawks can go back to beating Washington, The Bucks, The Nets and those teams. Those are the teams the Hawks can manage to beat.
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::Oh please, winning is winning. Never hear from you until an occasional loss comes along then you pop up as usual like an eyesore.  S T F U!!!!
ATLrepresent11::Oh, like the Bulls and Heat? Maybe I missed those games.. Oh no, I didn't.
gregorio363::TRUE  WIN 45-50 GAMES AND GET BEAT FIST OR SECOND ROUND  SICK OF IT
outlawjoseywhales1981::Oh, Indiana kicked the Hawks A___ also. So did Philly and Houston.
atlhawks27::keep thinking that
gregorio363::HAWKS NEED TO RUN AND GUN SO THEY DONT HAVE TO THINK  FEED OF JOSH AND JOE ENRGY CAUSE THEY CANT PLAY ROLES
atlhawks27::oh well good game spurs
Spurzoffury::Good sportsmanship ! We salute you!
cowboysspurs20::I'm happy about this win, but I want to see improvement on the road before I pass judgement about this team. Tiago and Kawhi have really impressed me though.
atlhawks27::when the heat lose to the bucks there still claim the best team but when the hawks lose to the spurs we are one of the worst team what kind of s h i t is this
outlawjoseywhales1981::They're just like the Falcons and Braves. They'll fold under pressure.
outlawjoseywhales1981::The hawks will loser early in the playoffs just like always. They're not a legit threat.
atlhawks27::ok will see whos the lossers are at the end of the season no one cares bout regular season games by the way just wait to when the hawks get to the play offs
outlawjoseywhales1981::Because the Hawks are losers.... They don't have winners like Kidd and Dirk who had both been to the finals before. The Hawks don't ahve $@%! but a bunch of overpaid players that they city will not go watch play.
atlhawks27::and nice job on trying to troll the past for the hawks
atlhawks27::how do you know the hawks wont win the championship this year hell if the mavs can do it why not hawks
outlawjoseywhales1981::The Heat got the finals last year. When has the hawks got the finals? The hawks don't have have modest achievements like a division title. They haven't won their division since 1994. That alone makles them a joke.
Spurzoffury::I feel your pain! NBA favors the primadonna Heat!
BenBarba::Thank you Hawks..I am just happy that i place the same bet as you did, second half over.........You really think you disguised it? lololol  Shooting every 5 seconds in that last 90 seconds of the game.......making sure that over came through........Also to the spurs as well.....I know u promised your family and friends and the $@%!$@% you root when you are on the road.......  I am glad you cashed in........make sure you tip the prostitutes and the drug dealers of yours when you are on the road.......
RonoSL550::This was just a bad game to get Kirk back into the game. It kind of threw the team rotation and chemistry off a bit. They will get use to Kirk again and start to click. This game I marked as the one we could possibly lose given the history.   Good game Spurs!  See ya next year.
outlawjoseywhales1981::The Spurs current roster only has two three good players on it and one of those players are out. The Hawks just suck.
Spurzoffury::One thing is for sure, The Spurs improve a little bit more each game they play!
Sobralll::triple under... yes...  chicago, san antonio and Washington
Nirvana_Fan91::Thanks for the help, Spurs.
atlhawks27::wanna know something that i notice whent he hawks beat the bulls and the heat it wasnt on national tv it was on fox sports when we lost to the heat and bulls it was on espn witch is kinda sad because every one saw the game the hawks get no creadit what the hawks need to win 10 straight games to get some respect?
Sobralll::WTA
Spurzoffury::Under, just barely
cowboysspurs20::Just one of those nights for the Spurs, don't worry about this game Hawks fans your team is better than that.
atlhawks27::try beating the hawks in a series
cwstags::Doesn't seem like that's been too difficult since well, they moved to Atlanta?  Never beaten more than one team in the postseason.  That said, that is in the past and I think come playoff time the Hawks will be a tough matchup.  More rest and a healthy Horford + the ability to play starters longer minutes will be a major plus.
triggahappy74::Hawks are mediocore at best . Spurs are the G.O.A.T
atlhawks27::i wonder what you said bout the spurs when they lost to the kings at home
outlawjoseywhales1981::The Hawks suck dude. That's why they have no fans. The few people that support them do so because they're unintelligent people.
sports billy::what a loadof bull s h  it mate keep your mouth closed
sports billy::bit harsh i know but the hawks do not try, they have pea sized hearts and you watch their heads go down every time they cannot make a play or something goes against them sheeeese i woulld hate to follow a team like that
cowboysspurs20::What did I say that was bull sh it? The Spurs had a good game and the Hawks are better than they looked tonight. I don't really think there's any disputing that.
gregorio363::UNDER
outlawjoseywhales1981::Josh Smith can't even defend Bonner. NO WAY should he be in the all star game. he is a CAREER loser that hasn't helped the Hawks do anything.
gregorio363::WOW  MIGHT GO OVER
Sobralll::almost die here
Spurzoffury::I hope the Spirs keep getting better &amp; better!
gregorio363::SA ACTS LIKE THEY GOT THE OVER
outlawjoseywhales1981::The Hawks are an embarrassment to the game.
outlawjoseywhales1981::Houston beat them around.
outlawjoseywhales1981::The Hawks are always a joke. They lost to Miami when they didn't have Lebron and Wade. They got killed by Philly.
reggieinatl::Tonight, my friend, tonight.
reggieinatl::This really is getting embarrassing.
gregorio363::WTF WAS THAT YMCA MOVE  AND IT WORKED
atlhawks27::no this is the worst lost the hawks havent lost by more than 30 points all season
reggieinatl::Did I hear "Staackhouse"!?! He retired in 2002.
OrangeCenter::Nobody should say a nagitive air about Lebron if Joe Johnson getting paid 125 and put up only 10 points Rose put that up in the 1st qr. The hawks stuck with him!
Spurzoffury::Right of free speech, regardless of the accuracy!
atlhawks27::bulls lost philly just lost and hawks lost and the teams that gets all the heat for lossing is the hawks thats sad
atlhawks27::yeah but the bulls are the most overrated team in the nba and the 76ers are the so called rising team
VWbruiser::CHI and PHI were at least competitive.
