Melosh1977::It's nice to see the Wolves where they belong....in last place like all the other teams in MN....a.k.a. Loserville USA.
Melosh1977::BTW, the Queens will be in last place when the season ends.
yippykyaymf::Harrison Barnes is going to be great. hope we can hang on to him
MLV_24::Love comes back and the team looks lost. Coincidence? I dont think so
Trexxus::Wow most of you are idiots. Of course Love isn't going to shoot a high % right away after coming back. He needs a few games to get the rust off and get into shape. Budinger's injury hurts us more than anyone realizes, he's a true 3pt threat and good defender of the big 2's and 3's. Plus we still have Rubio and Roy out. Haters keep proving your stupidity.
dsphillips100::Love is nothing more than David Lee with 3 point range. Yet the media hype him so much and the T-wolves as team.
shivamdpatel::what hype?
karelp::Yeah, he's David Lee with 3-point range, 6 more ppg and 4 more rpg.
WarriorsWarrior::Super under appreciated by allstar voters
Stantonsasaki::It's early, but Harrison Barnes is putting together a nice season.  Let's not forget him for ROY if he continues to improve and the W's stay in playoff contention.
number10jkl99::howard
sk0dawgs::lillard
bestontop::About love, stop the crazy talk anyone would want a stretch four that shoots 38 percent from three and is top three in offensive rebounds.  Each offensive rebound is as good as a steal on defense and gets them another possession.  The wolves biggest problem is guarding point and shooting guards.  Everyone is lighting them up at these positions, Rubio will help but we have nobody to guard a shooting guard, also our bigs pek and love are horrible in defending and slowing pick and rolls.  If they can find an answer for this they will be a top five seed.
cscobra::Well the T-pups are who everyone thought they were, a team that is still at least two years from challenging anyone in the west
Percy Starvin 12::You can still play defense with a broken hand.  Love needs to quit acting as though scoring points is the only objective of this game.
karelp::Well, he is a top-2 rebounder, so it's not about just scoring for him..
karelp::I didn't say he plays good D; in fact, I think he plays below-average D.  However, you made it sound like he was just a scorer.  A guy in the top-2 in rebounding is not just a scorer.
Percy Starvin 12::A lot of those rebounds are coming when he leaves his man open and runs to the basket.  Rebounding stats don't necessarily mean he plays good defense.
karelp::@gt1master -- Yes the Wolves are much better with Rubio and are 0-3 with Love this year, but last year they were 2-9 without Love.  Rubio may be more imoportant and more valuable to this team under these ciscumstances, but Love is still very important too.  I'm certainly no Love fan, but he's far more instrumental than you say.  Sure, if he went to a really good team the stats might go down from 26/13 to something like 21/11, but that's still a darned good player.
JeffreyBond13::Rubio also was gone some of those games Love was out... so it crosses over.   I believe they were 2 - 2 when Rubio was in but Love was out.
nssaboy0::People are saying we should trade Love? $@%! it's his third game back and he still has two broken bones in his right hand.
Excelscior1::Wow!  Minnesota sucks. And I'm a big Kevin Love fan. However, I have to somewhat believe or listen to his critics, that say he's a stat man that doesn't help his team win. Maybe I gotta watch him more closely, when I get the chance (if I ever wanna watch the Twolves over who ever else is on L Pass. LOL).
Eric212346::People who criticize him know they want him on their   team and   this is a playoff caliber  team.People need to realize it takes more then one player to win games on a consistent basis.
Excelscior1::You're right;! Every body would want him. Who wouldn't (especially if they had a good team already)? I do think people are jealous when you put up such good stats, but keep on losing the way he does. It's so ironic.
Eric212346::So much Kevin Love hate it makes no  sense to me.
Trespayne::Warriors will be scary when Bogut joins them. When is he supposed to return?
cscobra::as long as they don't have to keep playing Denver
karelp::He's missed almost half the games in the last 4+ years...he may just be one of those guys who never stays healthy for long.
Raiders Godfather333::He returns to practice on Monday.
gatorfan15151::everyone talks about the harrison barnes dunk, I have to agree it was bad a$$ but it would've never happened without David Lees amazing pass did anyone see it, it was the best set up, from that point all harrison had to do was jump
Poopygas::My wolves have no talent. Things will never turn around.
knicks_11::wow warriors have a nice record. nice
giangir::Losing streak and giving up more points since K Love's return.  Coincidence?
TBLASTER5::Turn it around, Wolves!
mercedsAMG1977::I started using a bet system called Sportsbettingstar a few months ago. I make around 3,000 a month following this system. You can find out more of this system by searching Sports Betting System on Google .
DMSupreme::kevin love was hyped up by ESPN how the heck did he finish 5th in MVP voting
jeff050578::Because his stats were top 5 worthy. Maybe top 3
giangir::Worthy stats numbers wise to be mentioned, but classic good stats on a bad team situation.  MVP leads their team to the playoffs, Love has never made the playoffs let alone finished .500 for a season.
BlazersWar::20 shots for 15 points? A rough night for KLove
JeffreyBond13::18% from 3 point range... Holy jesus wow...
satar1::Wow just wow when I saw the dunk Barnes is showing all the experts that called him a bust what hes made of # Warriors
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::The thing with Barnes is he doesn't know how good he can be. He was way too passive last year in UNC, he needs to be more assertive instead of playing passive.
Ddezord::well i'm headed out...  gg wolves and gnight  one last time.... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FjECOakCpt8  wow
rleroy1967::later
gt1master_ike::So now 0-3 with Love back.  Said it last year , will say it again  T wolves 21-20 with Rubio 5-20 without Rubio.  This team will go as far as Rubio goes. Love is not that guy who wins games for you.
JeffreyBond13::If you were to rate all the players on the wolves from 1-10 here is an off the top of my head rating of their starters...  Ridnour 7 Lee  4 AK  8 Love 9 Pek 8 Total: 36  Here's those same rankings when RUBIO is in the lineup:  Rubio 9 Lee  6 AK 9 Love 10 Pek 10 Total: 44  Because Rubio makes other players THAT MUCH BETTER, his value is really like adding 8 ADDITIONAL points to the starting lineup all around (rather than just being 2 points better than Ridnour)  Thus Rubio's "True Value" is around: 14 points out of 10. That's how important he is to the wolves offensively and defensively combined.  Hope this makes sense as I'm typing fast.
JeffreyBond13::No, Rubio is the wolves best player. He makes average guys look like all stars at times.  EVERYTHING is an easy lay up or dunk when Rubio is dishing... He made wes johnson and ellington look way better than they were all last year. And he basically fed Pek like no one else can
frnorth::When the guard scoring disparity is 44-2 blaming the PF is equal to saying you don't know a damn thing about Basketball.
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Wow! I agree he is more important to the Wolves success than Love, but saying he is their best player is a stretch. Love is the best player on the team, but he doesn't contribute in other departments when his game is off. Kind of how like Melo in the past, but now he does other things to help his team when doesn't have it on certain nights.
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::It's not really all about Rubio, Luke Ridnour is a serviceable PG who has playoff experience and knows what he's doing, the so called best player does nothing to make the Wolves better besides get his.
JeffreyBond13::What if we traded Love for a all star shooting guard? But who could we get?  Then we'd have  Rubio All Star SG AK DWill Pek
rleroy1967::Trade Love and keep DWill in the rotation.  That's all I got to say!
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Wolves fans think you're a hater when you call out Love.
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Not taking anything form Love, but I don't think he is a franchise type of guy, he would be perfect as a number #2.
JeffreyBond13::Rubio is our MAX player... No Contest
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Can't agree more.  His 1st game back he shot over 20 times and no other starter had double-digit shots, usually injured players ease their way back into the lineup, but Love was having none of that. And he shot another 20 shots tonight in a Wolves lost.
JeffreyBond13::Not to mention Wolves started 3-7 when Rubio spent the first ten games coming off the bench with LIMITED minutes.  So his record as a Starter is WAY OVER .500  Food for thought...
XxLeprechaunxX::not all wolves fans , love should be held accountable just like everyone else
gt1master_ike::Love led teams have never won more than 26 games in a year and this is his 5th year.  The guy is basically a stat monger.
JeffreyBond13::RUBIO = Only Reason For Twolves Success, hopes and dreams
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Ah yes.  Love returns and Wolves are under .500  Loverrated.
longgrassgrows::Dubs going to make the playoffs...consider it predicted
Bhens87::Can't even beat golden state....same of twolves
abovethelies2::Golden State is the better team at this stage but there are 70 games remaining..
dsphillips100::The key to the Warriors success is rebounding. Defensive rebounding has always been their weakness. The Warriors are 41-25 over the past 3 seasons when they have out rebounded their opponent. And something like 40-138 when they are out rebounded. It's that simple warrior fans. Has nothing to do with Monta not being on the team and more to do with not having Harrison Barnes, Festus, Green, and Landry. All they need was size and depth to compete.
Ddezord::8-1 this yr when out rebounding opponents... completely agree
King_Gars::The loss of Monte not that harmful to the team. Even with Bogut out, the Warriors have played better than having with Monte on the team. I love Monte, but it as like watching Iverson to much. And Iverson had to score like 40 to 50 points a night just to barley beat a team. This team much less affected by one player not scoring in the 40's.
SB4LlFE::monta was always a negative when he's on the floor simply because he's undersized and a volume chucker that can't defend.
Ddezord::idk, i'd have to look at monta's contract vs bogut... but i think they freed up cash by trading monta... which let's them sign/keep guys like landry
dsphillips100::All the Warriors needed was to rebound better has nothing to do with Monta. Depth also helps if the had the same team minus Bogut and add Ellis. The Warriors would be just as good because they rebound. The Warriors actually need a Monta kind of player. Monta probably had the hardest job in the NBA when he was with the Warriors they ask him to do too much. Play 42 min score defend the opp beat wing player. This is nothing to do with Monta and more to do with; Mikki Moore, Chris Hunter, Andris, Toliver, Deavon George, Udoh, Vlad Rad, Gaszuric and the lost goes on and on. Lets not forget that when Kwame Brown was healthy the Warriors last season the Warriors looked ok. It's all about defensive rebounding with the Warriors. Something you can't blame on Monta.
Ddezord::for sure, we'll have to wait until the whole season plays out to see if the trade was worth it... i have to say though, it's encouraging to see the W's competing like they have so far this year
King_Gars::Agreed. Bogut doesn't need to be scorer, just a an effective center who makes free throws, gets rebounds, and move well on defense. Mind you he is excellent passer as well. Many of the elements Monte couldn't do.
Ddezord::and if bogut can stay healthy, the warriors fill a much bigger need @ center
dsphillips100::Monta would be perfect for this team. Don't fool yourself. The Warriors are playing better because the have depth and rebounding. They had neither when Monta was on the team. You drop Monta on this team and the was just as if not better.
Ddezord::the scorer/slasher that monta was is the easiest role to fill in the NBA.... don't get me wrong i enjoyed him in a dub's uniform, but the way the organization is headed (Defense and and depth) gives them a much better shot at the playoffs
XxLeprechaunxX::If you think this is bad, the wolves could easily be 5-12 coming home to play cleveland Dec 7th, i dont want to unnecessarily project doom on the wolves or "give up" on them but things arent lookin good, hope they can turn it around at least somewhat
abovethelies2::I like Love's game BUT I did not like his body language tonight.....hopefully he'll look at the game film... I'm sure the coaches will remind him
abovethelies2::Losing Chase and Brandon WAS a killer. Roy isn't going to be available to fully contribute until April regardless when he comes back and Chase is the same. T-Wolves need to trade for an experienced #2....
abovethelies2::They really have no flow which is the result of poor guard play. Brandon was the calming factor until Rubio came back. Love Luke but he's a backup. Love JJ ONLY if he's not playing more than 20 minutes a game. They need Rubio to control and setup the offense.
XxLeprechaunxX::honestly i think everyone would look at our gaurd play a little different if they hit some shots once in a while, no offensive threat from our wing players, i love AK but its not like hes and offensive juggernaut, we NEED production from the 2 like you said earlier also budinger has been sorely missed
abovethelies2::I always felt that if they were 8/12 after 20 games that would be manageable..... However, that was assuming K Love would be out for 20 games. I think K Love is putting too much pressure on himself.  He has to remember what his skill set is....He has to show less frustration and let the game come to him....
XxLeprechaunxX::I think K love should not have come back so early, more practice time may have helped, i hope he looks at this game and sees what everyone else did, a player who was clearly not in the right state of mind to play bball effectively
abovethelies2::I agree it will get worse before it gets better....I don't see a 5/12 but 7/10 is very possible...
XxLeprechaunxX::i will NEVER use injuries as an excuse....       but i miss rubio lol, honestly i predicted 8-12 wins by Jan for this team, and despite the horribleness and inconsistencies, we are still on track, thats the most optimistic youll get out of me
nigsjizzer::ima bust in u
abovethelies2::Zero
Ddezord::just keep grinding until bogut gets back... and i know it's a lot to ask, but no more injuries
King_Gars::Warriors may not have a lot of wins this year. But in the past the Warriors would be like  3-11 this time of year. So nice to see at least a competitive team that shows promise and a team that comes through on some nights.
supe540::Really like how Barnes is developing.  Quick, athletic leaper with skills.  Think he's going to be an excellent pro.
supe540::Warriors 8 - 6 for first time since 2006.  Excellent.
nigsjizzer::u wish u were smokin this
Julian Miller::Listen to him man, you should probably change your name and try this whole trolling thing again... for your sake...
abovethelies2::He's a loser....and quickly losing his swag....lol
abovethelies2::Dude you're losing your swag..jokes getting a little lame...
nigsjizzer::wow this is awesome weed
run_this_town::what about getting marshon brooks from the nets. hes in the doghouse there.
nigsjizzer::alert the GM dawg
StanfordOtter 2.0::Monta Ellis is good enough to be the best player on a bad team, not good enough to be the best player on a good team, and doesn't have the right mindset to be the second-best player on any team.
CBass1317::well said
run_this_town::hatee
run_this_town::Yu_Darvish_and_Ichiro Monta Ellis sucks on defense   he is still a good sg. he would help the wolves more then williams
StanfordOtter 2.0::Trust me, from a Warriors fan, Ellis would <b>not</b> help the T-wolves.
StanfordOtter 2.0::Holy. Shit. That Barnes dunk.
DMSupreme::Kevin love is so overated  he just pads his stats on a weak team more missed shots=more op to get rebounds he has an attitude problem and he never gets called out on it (iknow why but i rather not say) like when he stepped on scolas face and in the olympics when after 2 games he was crying to the media that he wanted more min eventho carmelo was playing the 4 better than him than in the summer he was saying crap like "if min doesnt get better players around me im leaving" all the other stars like lebron,kobe,wade,melo,durant, etc no matter how bad the teams were they still found a way to get them to atleast the playoffs what is this his 5th year and he hasnt even sniffed the 8th seed
nigsjizzer::how many male reproductive organs must u swallow alive
Julian Miller::good one dude. Not only are you a troll, but worse yet a homophobe... classy.
abovethelies2::No....you are just ignorant but a pitiful kind of funny...
nigsjizzer::exactly what im aiming for
abovethelies2::Apparently someone excreted you as a bowel movement
nigsjizzer::julian miller = gayboy
Julian Miller::like helen keller sharting or something
nigsjizzer::lol still mad
Minnysota Vikings::u high bro?
abovethelies2::Dude isn't high....just STUPID
nigsjizzer::puffin on countless j's  dawg
nigsjizzer::twolves blow goats
nigsjizzer::the twolves love the male reproductive organ
Minnysota Vikings::So is most of the Wolves hate almost completely because of Kevin Love?
razzledazzletj81::I was enjoying watching the role players hold the fort.
Hugor Hill::Yeah mostly. He and his hype are crazy annoying. Plus he is easy to troll as he never wins.
Yu_Darvish_and_Ichiro::I think most haters are racist
nigsjizzer::shutup jap boy
nigsjizzer::its because ure an ice chimp
XxLeprechaunxX::ESPN lists the twolves top performer as jj barea, 8pts 5 rebs, 10 ast, he cleary outperformed ridnour who was again atrocious
abovethelies2::Not a good stat.....I am not panicking but the Wolves need to trade for a big #2 guard....or hope Howard can get more minutes while working into shape...
XxLeprechaunxX::wish they had gone after OJ mayo, but then again hes kind of a chucker.... i dont really know anymore
