Stan Anvik::The 2 best records in the west (Trailblazers and Spurs) have only lost 1 home game this year.  Both to the Rockets.
Ayn Bland::The best team in the west hasn't lost a home game yet.
Steven Anacker::Ayn Bland We'll see. As long as OKC has Westbrook and Durant, they have to be taken seriously. But I think they may take a small step back this year.
Ayn Bland::When OKC beat the Spurts the other day, KD and Westbrook didn't show up.  Spurts were beat by the OKC bench.  Looking forward to the Houston game, though.  It's always fun to watch Harden wet his panties.
Josh Schwartz::This is going to be a huge early-season game to see just where the Rockets stand against one of the best teams in the West over the past decade or so. The Rockets easily have more firepower on offense, but the Spurs play very stingy defense that causes a lot of teams fits. Even with Lin injured and the Rockets on the road, I think they'll win in a shootout. Rockets win 113-108.
Bo Exee::Wow, you almost called it to the point. Good work.
Mike Plummer::Dwight should practice his free throws and low post game as much as he practices his stupid pregame introduction routine. Clown.
Mike Wagener::Harden will get a whistle everytime someone breathes on him so he'll more than make up for D Coward's inability to make ft's.
Alan Ogg::your entire spurs roster should practice ENGLISH first.
Mike Plummer::I love trolls who hide behind fake avi's and screen names. Clown.
Milly Aberdeen::go baby go
Milly Aberdeen::i mean go rockets go
Steve Mulkey::Down to the wire. I think Rockets get it done!
Patryk Aberdeen::suince when did u atch basketball plis
Brandon Tigues::great win by the rockets they defeated the spurs and refs
Jeremy Gingrich::Very true. Dwight is also the worst officiated player in the NBA. He gets o respect from the refs at all, it's ridiculuous
Brandon Tigues::Jeremy Gingrich  yeah he should be attempting more than 9 fts a game, he gets hacked more than anybody I've seen.
Irving Jasso::"spurs and refs" ... Spurs are 28th in Free Throws a game. Rockets are 1st... Stfu you ugly clown
Emil E. Matula III::Good game Houston.  Round 1 goes to you.
Shawn Bento::LOL @ the Spurs.  Are their fans going to whine about the refs again?
Jared Johnson::No we are not.
Irving Jasso::Rockets had 30 Free Throws, Spurs had 13... But they didn't lose because of that. Enjoy this win, Houston sports have been irrelevant for 15+ years lol
Travis Watson::Irving Jasso at least we have sports instead of sport
Jeremy Gingrich::Harden had them Spurs fans like "No Harden No!!!" in the fourth quarter lol!!
Ayn Bland::Spurts are just lucky Jeremy Lin is injured.
Jim Mendiola::hAHA
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::lol
Mike Wagener::Let's put this game in perspective aside from the troll and homer comments that are going back and forth on this board.  The Spurs are nowhere near where they need to be to repeat as NBA Finals contenders.  They know that, they expected that and guess what?  No other team in the league is either.  Spurs will get better and better as they continue to acclimate their new pieces into the machine that is the San Antonio Spurs.  I gotta say though, I sure do like what i saw from Marco Bellinelli tonight.  GO SPURS!
John Martin::Mike:  It seems that anyone who disagrees with you is a homer or a troll. What did you major in  at the University of Hard Knocks? Arrogance?
Mike Wagener::John:  i am merely responding to the trolls and homers (both sides-not just the other teams) that come on these boards and talk trash.  i was actually trying to make a "non-homer" comment.
Ron Lewis::Wow, so much ugliness here.  It's just a game people, between two of the top teams in the league.  Both played great, one won.  Jesus, came here expecting to see intelligent conversation, but 90% of y'all are jerks.
Ayn Bland::Intelligent discussion?  With Spurts fans?  Who refuse to acknowledge their team is in decline?  Fat chance.
Emil E. Matula III::I guess I need to hit the screen refresh a few more times to see any of the "ugliness" you two are talking about.  From what I've seen, the Houston fans are excited they passed a tough test in San Antonio, and most of the San Antonio fans know they played a poor second quarter, got great games from Ginobili (yes, 9 assists is solid), Parker, Duncan, and Belinelli but three people scoring 20 wasn't enough to win tonight.
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::Ayn Bland well ron when u have people like ayn, who refuses to believe not only are the spurs not in decline, but are still one of the more dominant teams not only in the nba, but in all of sports, it can get alittle bit frustrating to have an educated conversation. spurs fans are not the only fans that dont want to accept things, u can say that for all 30 fan bases.
Irving Jasso::Allan Ogg... Born in 1998, Heat fan, who works at McDonalds. Pray for this poor Cuban
John Martin::Irving:  Robert E. Lee was a loser. You take after him.
Jeremy Gingrich::John Martin Not to mention he was a racist scumbag. It looks like his students follow in his footsteps lol
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::go spurs go!!!!! this douchebag ayn bland likes to troll the spurs alot. he must be a closet spurs fan, i mean why would u care about another team so much that you troll that teams fan base every single game? its pretty pathetic. theres alot of closet spurs fans who pretend to be haters anyway. the spurs didnt create their schedule, so its not our fault that we arent playing the best teams in the league every night. all i know is that the spurs take care of the teams they should beat, and yes they will lose to good teams, but they will also beat good teams. u cant beat all the good teams every night. good teams lose to good teams, but you never suppose to lose to a bad team so this fake hater(closet spurs fan) ayn bland needs to get real when he keeps trolling us because of our schedule, hey we didnt make the schedule, we just go out and take care of business. and the spurs have won 50 games for the past 15 years at beating all the bad teams, and beat good teams and also losing to good teams and we will win another 50+ games doing it again. most consistent team in ALL OF SPORTS my san antonio spurs.
Mike Wagener::Bingo.
Ayn Bland::Punctuation and paragraphs, child.  Do they not teach that in Texas primary schools anymore?  From what I can gather, you're more obsessed with me than I am with the Spurts.
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::Ayn Bland what the hell is a spurt anyway? i mean if we are talking about grammer. i know about the spurs, i have no idea who are the spurts?
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::everyone likes to talk trash to other fans teams when there team is playing poorly. but if there team plays poorly they are no where to be found. newsflash, unless your team goes 82-0, and then 16-0 in playoffs u cant talk trash to any other fane base. its easy to talk trash while your opponent is down, but lets see how the rockets face adverity this season, or how okc faces adversity, when those two teams are down by 20 against a playoff team, then i wanna see how those same fans who are talking trash against my spurs react. unless your team is flawless, internet trash talking is pointless. go spurs go!!!
Ayn Bland::Spurts aren't playing poorly.  They're just not as good as Spurts fans like to think.  Did you expect them to win like they did against the Pelicans?
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::Ayn Bland hell no because the rockets are better than the pelicans. of course the spurs arent that great now, its novemeber, but we can be the best team in april, may and june. usually championship teams dont look like championship teams in november
Blixa Ridgeback::Ayn Bland, how do you know what a spurs fan thinks?
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::whether the spurs win or lose this game doesnt really matter. this game does not determine the nba champion, yet alone the western conference champion. the rockets could win tonight but still lose in the playoffs against the spurs. or the spurs could win tonight, and still lose against the rockets in playoffs. its not a meaningless game, but thats not what the trolls or closet spurs fans pretending to be haters would have you think.
Alan Ogg::its meaningless if the spurs lose, but if they win you guys act like monkeys.
Blixa Ridgeback::Alan Ogg who acts like monkeys? fans like it when their team wins, all fans do that everywhere, in any sport!
Mike Wagener::Alan Ogg , my God you're ugly!
Ossie Virgil Nogueras::Even with Duncan playing as bad offense as he is playing in the beginning of this season... I think the Spurs will be the team to beat by the season end....too many weapons on offense and # 1 defense of the league by season end... Just keep low profile....let the other teams be on ESPN all the time....who care...Spurs 2014 NBA Champions again... 5 rings...
Ayn Bland::Getting a little ahead of yourself, bud..  Spurts haven't even beaten a full strength playoff team just yet.
Alan Ogg::2k14 makes people have wild imaginations...  NICE TRY
D Hyrum Vaughn::Are you even.watching this team?  You're out of.your ever loving mind.  This is the problem with Spurs fans and part of the reason I have trouble admitting I am one; they're as bad as Cubs fans.  Every year the championship bravado is as loud as the year before against all reason.  It's time to be realistic.  This Spurs team will be lucky to make the playoffs.  And before you shut me down completely, look at them objectively.  They aren't even beating the teams they should beat anymore.
Peter Peterr::Great Back to Back win by the Rockets. Spurs are a very good team, but Rockets played better tonight.  Rockets playing like contenders.
D Hyrum Vaughn::Actually no, they aren't a very good team.  Not.anymore.
Stan Anvik::D Hyrum Vaughn Right.  We all know bad teams play .824 ball.
D Hyrum Vaughn::Well sure.  Every team in the west except.probably Utah would be playing .824 ball.if they had SAs schedule to.date.  Mark.it down.  10th in the west
Leland Wong::If the Rox can beat the Spurs tonight, that will be a good sign that they have the potential to be Western Conference Champs.
Ayn Bland::Or that the Spurts are grossly overrated.
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::Ayn Bland interesting, so if a playoff team beats okc, is okc overrated? or if spurs beat houston is houston overrated? by your theory, if your a good team, and you lose to another GOOD TEAM, your team is therefore overrated. ummmm....ok then. by this theory every team in the nba is overrated because good teams will beat good teams all the time. spurs have been doing this for over 10 years. to say their overrated because they lose is to say you lack basketball knowledge and how the nba works. lol too funny
Leland Wong::Jerry Ryuzaki Word Right now the top four teams are Pacers, Spurs,Heat and OKC. If the Rox can beat the Spurs it will show us a little better where the Rox are .
Cheeno Orbida::Good job by refs making the game tight LOL at Stern
Michael Battle::That's how they got Houston in the playoffs vs Dallas when McGrady came over. 41 fta for Dallas to 11 fta for Houston. SHAME.
Cheeno Orbida::You have to a have a 40 point lead to make sure that the refs can't do anything. What a shame specially when a team is playing so well only to get f*cked by the refs.
Andy Pacardo::and the rockets red glare.....!!
Ayars Lamar::The spurs are so overrated.
Blixa Ridgeback::how so?
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::Blixa Ridgeback ppl say anything about another team without any substantial proof of that team being overrated. the spurs are doing what they have been doing for years so how is that being overrated, imo, his comment was overrated.
Blixa Ridgeback::lol... yea i get it, im a lifelong spurs fan, and i hate trolls...
Alan Ogg::Spurs fans are trash.
William Cutting::Works at McDonald's
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::if we are trash, what does that say about you?
Matt Dysarz::and?  Nothing wrong with and honest job  William Cutting.  Alan is right, you spurs fans are filth
Kevin Ho::Out of respect for a basketball legend TD will not throw the ball at McHale's head from point blank...  But "coach" McHale gotta respect himself a little out there, if it was Dennis Rodman and Karl Malone that was inbounding the ball, I am pretty sure the ball will end up right in his mofo face!
Charles Lou::wow, seriously?    I believe mchale was still in the coach's box.... or else the ref woulda sit his a5s down already.
D Hyrum Vaughn::Every last one of you that were on.my sack the other day telling you that the Spurs were not that good a team, MAYBE 10th in the west, where are you now, huh?  2 losses in 3 games to not good teams, including now one at home to a Shorthanded overrated underachieving Houston team?  Yeah.  I'm so sure I'm wrong now.  This is going to be a long, painful season.  So far there are 3 teams in the west that have PROVEN they're better than us and we haven't even hit the good teams yet.
Steven Anacker::You said 10th in the west? Ha, all those people were right.
Ayn Bland::I'm ready to agree with you now..  They lost to Houston at home.    Are the Spurts even playoff material?
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::Ayn Bland u guys cant be serious
Irving Jasso::LOL at Rockets only winning their only championships when MJ left for 2 years. Spurs won their champions in the Kobe, Dirk, Garnett, Shaq, LeBron, Iverson, CP3, Melo era ;) Glad to see that the Rockets don't embarrass Texas anymore
Julian Brock::uh.. revisionist history much?   MJ played on the Bulls team that got beat by the Magic in the playoffs that in turn got swept by the Rockets in the Finals.  Still bitter about Hakeem schooling David Robinson or something?
Jeremy Gingrich::He made the Admiral seasick with all those fakes and shakes. What The Dream did to Robinson was a downright demolition
Jeremy Gingrich::The Rockets are the only team that Jordan had a losing record to. So ya, we beat Jordan too
