ZzTrueAznBallerZz::&gt;=o) good win
kevin77732::dailysports77.wordpress.com  read this blog
the702shogun::have them shoot, till they can't feel their arms! man i'm tired of hearing this team whine like girls
the702shogun::and then there's van gundy, who needs to pick it up. there's room for improvement there too. why is boston getting production from brandon bass? that's on van gundy. i'm bored with their complaining and whining. they're a soft team, they could win by 10 a night if they could shoot the ball. i'm looking at turkeyglue and the richardson sisters and the human turnover jameer nelson. and where's earl what's his name? pick it up magic, you're soft as kittens
the702shogun::it's about time someone not named dwight howard is stepping up on the magic.  otis needs to find a real PG, jameer is ok, but he's definitely upgradeable. magic need to do two things, and two things fast. first, they need to trim the fat and unload pat chewing, who does nothing but just sit there staring at the crowd, and probably just flips the ball to dwight a few times in practice, then goes to the bathroom for an hour. he's just bad for the team, never won a ring, blah blah blah, he's just bad luck. the 2nd, is have hardcore shooting practice. forget passing, forget dribbling, forget all that. have them shoot the entire frigging practice till they can put the GD basketball into the hoop! they couldn't hit an open shot to save their pathetic lives. jj reddick needs to review and re-edit his shooting dvd he made for 10 bucks a long time ago.
TubbyTime334::If Ryan Anderson keeps playing this good and Hedo plays half as good as he did two years ago, the Magic could be very dangerous.
YouBLEWWIt::Magic should have been playing Anderson with Hedo LAST year. Anderson+Hedo would have basically been an exact copy of the Rashard+Hedo success 3 years ago.
steve0skills::The Magic are going to be a tough out this year if Dwight is still with them for the playoffs.  A veteran team that is battle tested, deep bench and some urgency due to Howard's impending FA.  Especially if J Rich starts playing like he is capable.
Crim311::ryan anderson is going to keep d12 in town if he keeps playing like this same goes for redick, and its nice to see turk look like his old self somewhat
steve0skills::I agree but I at least think Dwight is seriously entertaining the idea of staying, the Magic have just as good of a chance of any team to keep him.  No state tax, beautiful weather, already settled here, new SOA arena and owner willing to spend over the cap are all reasons he has to atl least consider it.  I hope Otis can make a GOOD trade this year and get someone that can help the Magic get the title this year.  Maybe J Rich to a playoff team that needs some help at SG?  Might have to do this fast before he kills his stock,
MagicBoltzRays::the only thing that will keep Dwight in town is a deep finals run or actually winning the title.
jrachi856::Ryan Anderson ain't no punk! Ryan is only 23 years old, he will only get better. JJ Redick and R. Anderson are playing great right now, much better than last season. Go Magic!
theprodctz::I love RA, but I'd love him more if he didn't also allow his man to put up as many points as he does
MagicBoltzRays::well, Bargnani is a pretty good player too. let's give him some credit....
MagicBoltzRays::J-rich is a god damn bum.... he was a -22 tonight on court, and shot 1-8. PATHETIC.
DTangMF::Von Wafer is a decent SG, too bad he overlaps with JJ at the backup role...
theprodctz::DA MAGIC IS GOIN 65-1!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Take_Notes::I've said it before and I'll say it again Andrea Bargnani would be awesome in the Magic's system. Playing the position he should be playing PF next to a legit center and this kid would be amazing. Stan would coach his defense up and make him actually put forth some effort, hell look at Reddick he is actually a solid defender now. But of course we have a silly GM who has no idea how to build a team
hyperk1d::The Raptors would NEVER trade him.
MagicBoltzRays::3 Stars 1. Anderson 2. Redick 3. Howard
TurkishAirlines::Post of the night ROFL :D   "tampasportsrule Anyone had to be insane to pick the Raptors over the Magic tonight. They are a highschool team. Next."
bradonlywins::Fkin MOE RONS
bradonlywins::so magic can only beat a high school team by 6 at HOME... That is embarrassing.
Tampabayallday37::Scared the spit outa me I thought the Magic were about to lose for a while there.
Bob3450::jerry sandusky
HollaCee01::Does anyone know why there is a yellow backdrop in the scoreboard of every Magic game?
gri400::for example all of the raptor, jays, leafs and sharks games are gold for me
gri400::no problem
HollaCee01::Lol...thanks for the info
gri400::if you put the magic as one of your favourite teams on your profile it turns gold. same with any other team you put
fatleg29::I never seen what was so special about Bargnani and Calduron. I know I spelled that wrong
Bob3450::bargiani scores like 20 a game hes good
gri400::he's good, but a 7 foot center who cant rebound, with the expections of a number 1 overall pick he could (and should) be playing better then he has. he's a good scorer who can affect a defence (based on the way he plays) but he should be better then what he is, he had a lot of hype on him
tbcsundin::Anyways gri400 I think I'm calling it a night!  See you on the Knicks Raps board tomorrow night haha?  Happy New Year and as always it was nice chatting with you!
gri400::see you there man. enjoy talking with you happy new year man!
gri400::bargs is a poor mans (and i mean <i>poor </i>) dirk and jose is a solid but not great passing PG. both solid but not stars by any means
gri400::i think he falls to much in love with his jumper, guy could (and i think should) be a star in a few years though. he's good on the raps though since he is the 1st or 2nd choice for most plays
tbcsundin::Demar has a lot of potential as well but can't seem to put it together.
Masta Da Magician::Ok I'm out. On too the Cowboys/Giants game.. Unless Romo,Eli,Austin and Nicks have monster games I', a lock to win my fantasy league championship!!!
MagicalDiesel::Loser
I_Heart_Phill_Kessel::Bargnani needs to eat more tomato sauce and less pasta
gri400::he should have some of bautistas booster juice lol
Masta Da Magician::I've noticed Dwight's passing has been much better this year. That's great to see.  He isn't scoring as much points as he did last year but he's been as good rebounding and on defense as he's ever been.  When Dwight dominates on defense and rebounding the Magic are tough to beat.
steve0skills::If Dwight could just get a little more consistent with his baby hook.  If he had a little more touch he would be unstoppable because he can get little 4-6 footers whenever he wants, teams consider forcing him to shoot instead of dunk a win.  This and a little better FT % and the Magic would be a legit title contender.  Come on Dwight stop blaming the FO and man up, you are good enough to win the talent around you don't be like Lebron and punk out, you're better than that.
fatleg29::I agree Rhino is playing out of his mind right now but dont forget what Rashard meant for this team in 09 especially in the playoffs. He hit a couple game winners and was a mismatch for just about any team we went up against except for the Lakers
Bob3450::that was then this is now
fatleg29::I understand that. Im just saying wait until we see what Rhino does for the entire season before we say he is better then Rashard was for us
I_Heart_Phill_Kessel::depressing game but good game magic
tbcsundin::AA the silent assassin strikes again can't wait for the Jays season to start!!
gri400::starting to get ready, hoping for around 85-90 wins and maybe a shot at the WC. at least the pen wont give me nearly as many heart attacks this year lol
tbcsundin::Hey gri400 it's been a pretty good offseason for our Blue Jays!! Prince Fielder is a pipe dream however...
gri400::it really has been good, you see they got frasor back? i'm starting to get my hopes up on our bullpen lol. you have you been BTW
tbcsundin::Getting outscored 32-15 in the 4th quarter is unacceptable!
gri400::it's fine when they lose (cuz they will lose a lot) but stuff like that is unacceptable, no matter how good the other team is
gri400::they play and play hard but just dont have the talent right now, fun team to watch though but they need to play all 4 quarters. no lebronning here
tbcsundin::It's good to see the Raptors keeping the score close, they just lack the killer instinct!
Bucman456::Good job, Magic. Way to show the effort and come back.  See you in March, Toronto fans. Good game.
Masta Da Magician::Ryan Anderson right now is better than Rashard Lewis ever was.
Bob3450::anderson
Bob3450::but look at what anderson is doing now hes a monster!!
yodaspeaks::on offense.
fatleg29::Yea I agree he is getting better and but dont forget what Rashard did for us during 09
Bob3450::anderson gets his points from 3 pf's don't guard the 3 that much
jax_1102::yeah, Rashard had a better post than Anderson in my opinion.
Osufan1710::Or OKC
Edsall0613::Yeah but he seems to be working on that too. Did you see the up and under.
yodaspeaks::they havent played a real team yet.  when a team has a legit 4, they will eat him alive.  see Miami Heat...or Atlanta hawks.
fatleg29::I think Rashard had a better post up game then Rhino
Masta Da Magician::Yeah but Anderson is a better rebounder and defender IMO.
tampasportsrule::Anyone had to be insane to pick the Raptors over the Magic tonight. They are a highschool team. Next.
yodaspeaks::you are insane to put your hard earned money on nba games as long as Stern is the commish.
fatleg29::Please dont feed this troll
tampasportsrule::Dude wtf ? Ok..cool.
gri400::your <i> crazy </i> then
Osufan1710::LOL. You are the worst picker i've ever seen.
JoeyDorsey4MVP::post of the night
JoeyDorsey4MVP::lmao :P
Bob3450::whos been the most suprising magic player this year?
Masta Da Magician::Anderson but Turk is a close second.
Osufan1710::Ryno
gri400::good game magic fans, nice comeback win
Rama77777::I SAID GO HOME!!!!
Eillipses::Classy.
gri400::i am home idiot
Masta Da Magician::I'm already looking ahead to next Friday's Bulls game.. That's where we'll see how good we really are.
Osufan1710::No. Can't overlook these games against the Pistons and Wizards.
greenmiamicat::You can overlook the Wizards
Osufan1710::Where is tampabay?
1OtownGuy::Pretty sure its still in Florida where its always been
Rama77777::pleasure playing with you raptors........NOW GO HOME!!!
gri400::Ah well we lost. gotta play 4 quarters raptors! on the bright side bargs and jose were great today and tampabay lost his bet, that puts a smile on my face for some reason lol
tbcsundin::long time ago from some idiot kept flagging my posts...
Eillipses::How'd you get suspended?
tbcsundin::Hey gri400 it's me BakerCarr although I created a new account bc my old account got suspended.  I hope things are well with you.
gri400::things are well holidays been good. hope everythings been good with you. try your old account later i've been suspended twice lol
Rama77777::AND its final........102-96...magic wins
fatleg29::Good game Raptor fans. Nice comeback win for us Magic fans
Osufan1710::ITS OVER TAMPABAY! I hope you can pay back your loan shark
tbcsundin::Raptors keep on tanking for that number 1 overall pick! Congrats on the win Magic fans!
fatleg29::Now only if we can play a full 4 quarters against an elite team then we will be alright
Masta Da Magician::We'll get our chance next Friday.
Masta Da Magician::Nice win Magic!!!
andrewk41::wow i love you magic soooo much !!!!!!1 $$$$
brohani::haha the magic are such a great regular season team. too bad chucking threes doesnt win you championships
Masta Da Magician::You're right..Great defense and a dominant big man does though.
Rama77777::finish them magic
Rama77777::so close raptors....keep going...u can do it...lol
YurBoiPicksss::Wager Type:	Spread (or run line) Wager Status:	Pending Risk / To Win Amount:	220.00 / 200.00 (USD)    Accepted 1/1/2012 7:17 PM - EST   Sport / Period:	NBA Basketball   /  2nd Half Selection:  	Orlando Magic  1/1/2012 6:05:01 PM - (EST) -10  -110
Masta Da Magician::@ Detroit and home against the Wizards.. Magic should be 6-1 heading into the Bulls game next Friday.
Edawg7115::Howard just text me during the break ...he wanted me to tell tampasport " always bet on black "
mizzoutigers918::Who thinks JJ should start?
SomeGuySays::Well, I think he's becoming a highly productive and reliable 6th man.  You might want to categorize him as a role player because of size and speed matchup problems on defense but definitely a solid player.
mizzoutigers918::True, but he's become a very efficient scorer
TurkishAirlines::The most important thing is who finishes, not who starts.
fatleg29::I think its better he come off the bench
tampasportsrule::Game aint over yet. Calm down clowns.
Osufan1710::ITS OVER BABY
Osufan1710::I hope you bet on a spread lmfao.
greenmiamicat::Nice come from behind win Orlando, Southeast looking good so far, just ask Charlotte.
Bucman456::HAHA! Charlotte is a joke.
greenmiamicat::lol First you guys ripped them and then well they didn't even show up tonight.
