It Was Written::difference between last night and tonight, Warriors bigs are much more refined and versatile on the offensive end. The ball movement they sparked caught the Lakers sleeping so many times unlike Blake and DJ who either forced shots or waited to clean glass, also Lee and Speights have the jumper threat. Clippers were hitting the jumpers but they had to work a little harder to get open, but Redick, Dudley, Paul were getting open nonetheless. Lakers are going to get killed every other night by teams who swing the ball and don't pound the rock with one guy
j::If only that had a ring  truth to it!  He's got that roster now lets see what he can do!  Don't mention Knicks as a spolight of sucess more like a picture of a mess left unattened. Perhaps his biggst fault is his gathering of players who once could run his offense in the past but are only a shell of their former selfs (williams for one).
Renz Marion 23::Too much firepower from the Warriors' roster. What more if Barnes and Ezeli play?
Cyril::After last night's game, I made a comment about how the Lakers' win was a perfect example of the good and bad of the D'Antoni system (scored a bunch but played weak defense).   Some Lakers fan took offense and replied, "they didn't play the Dumbtoni system.  They just drove to the basket a lot and kicked it out for open three-pointers."  Such well-informed individuals.  I bet they spend hours learning about basketball by playing NBA2K.
jeff g::get real. anybody who thinks that playing one night in LA, then flying to Oakland the next day, and playing, is even doable, should just try it. You could see the Lakers had nothing when they threw two airballs in the first minute. The had no legs, period. These games are a joke and do little but make the home team feel good about themselves. GS is probably a better team, but this back to back stuff isn't a real test at all, it is just the execution of an exhausted team and the NBA needs to stop scheduling stuff this way.
a yahoo user::Last night was a fluke win for the Laker$$ over the Clippers. The Clippers or Warriors will win the Pacific Division this season and the next several seasons. The up and coming young Sacramento Kings will be better than the Laker$$$$ this season and for years to come. The King playoff team soon for yrs to come.  The Laker$$$ and Suns will be in the cellar for the seasons. The whole Western Conference is full of better,  younger, deeper (better bench), better coached, better defense, quicker, etc teams than the Laker$$$. We are only see a glimpse of what the Laker$$ will look like this season. There will be many blowout losses like this for them by seasons' end.  It's going to be  a very very very llllloooonnnggg season for the Laker$$ and for years to come. The Laker$$$ will finish about 10-15 games under .500 this season out of the playoffs. They will have several season like this for years to come. Rebuilding time for them coming very very soon.
Yao::What a difference a day makes...
CplaneLawr::Those who are touting the Lakers after they beat the Clips don't recognize that the Warriors are a far superior defensive team. Also, the Lakers have a deeper bench, because all but Gasol are bench players...about six guys who might be good 6th men. The Warriors have EIGHT guys who rank in the top 150 in the league, nobody else does. So when you talk depth, look to the Oracle. Gasol I would take, Kaman would be on my bench, maybe three or four others would displace a Speights or a Bazemore. Gasol would start, although for the W's Bogut's style of play is a better fit. Kaman comes off the bench behind Lee/Bogut. Who is better than Curry? Nobody. Who displaces one of the best defensive guards who also happens to be one of the best shooters-Klay Thompson? Nobody. Andre Igoudala/Harrison Barnes at small forward....until Kobe comes back and proves he is still Kobe, NOBODY.  Talented young players who are on the rise? Love having Dramond Green and Kent Bazemore. Green is such a smart player, fundamentally sound, can shoot and dish and plays hard-nosed D. Bazemore is athletic as hell, really long, decent shooter and plays D. Douglas and Speights have both proven themselves and add more veteran presence. Ezeli will be back fairly soon, and the Warriors also have two exciting and talented rookies....now what is this talk of Laker depth?
Larry::If any Laker fan is shocked over the game then ya don't know basketball as thats going to happen to the Lakers this year unless they get better. I hear this years draft is loaded with talent and I have a feeling Gasol is gone before the season ends no matter what so another #1 draft pick could happen.
Sportsdogggie::Hello the no D-fense system of D'antoni , only works  against teams that cant  score at will , the Warriors can score at will. The Lakers will win against teams that cannot keep up with them, and the teams are few  and far between that cannot keep up with them. I am expecting maybe 35 wins this year? Like I said maybe 35.
