Ryan Sems::First comment.  Cavs have a fine young core of talent.  They should be a playoff contender in less than twenty years.
Rocky A. Rose::Alex Doub wats ur team chump?
Chelo Mejias::Rocky A. Rose   Hey bud, the civil war has been over for over 150 years. Time to burn that rebel flag
Brett Reid::lol at the cavs, getting destroyed by a lottery team, so much for high hopes this year cavs fans ? you made all the stupid choices in drafting bennet, singing a useless bynum and bringing back a coach that failed with the lakers and also drove out your best player who is now on the verge of a threepeat. well done cleveland, theres always next year huh ? looks like you will be rebuilding again once you lose kyrie to free agency. also please show some pride, you all booed lebron and some of you burned his jerseys when he left for greener pastures now your'e all in love with him again hoping he'll come back and save you, not going to happen.
Chelo Mejias::The celtics aren't a lottery team moron, go troll somewhere else
Brett Reid::Chelo Mejias , they sure are, your delluded if you think otherwise, look at your record
Chelo Mejias::Brett Chopper Reid   there is 82 games in the season you tool....you forget the c's beat the heat and gave the spurs all they can handle
David Glickfield IV::I'm a cavs fan and it wouldn't surprise me if we were tanking. If we aren't. Time to throw in the towel. RIGGIN FOR WIGGINS!!!!!
Nick Baughan::Lol, were two #1 and two #4 picks in the last 4 years not enough? How pathetic
Steve Broome::Dan Gilbert still holding fast to that guarantee of winning a title before Lebron!
Francisco Wehrhahn::Cavs are beyond pathetic ....al those high lottery picks and they are still trash
Denniz Rodman::That's why Michael Jordan is not a fan of tanking. You lose your competitiveness for a pick you're not sure to flourish.
Adriano Wind::So his teams are just bad because he's a terible Owner and GM?  Why did he trade away Wallace for picks ?
Denniz Rodman::Adriano Wind They have Big Al now and what does your Cavs have? Big Bynum? Cavs owner is more terrible. atleast MJ traded Wallace for players he thought might help his team in the future. Cavs lost LBJ for who? nada.
Jeff Tagliareni::Brad Stevens is doing too good of a job.  Wrecking their draft pick.
Bryan St John::Boston Celtics Rule!
Nick Baughan::I know Mike Brown isn't a very good coach, but Kyrie is highly overrated. Dribble, dribble, dribble...dribble some more and shoot. Repeat cycle.
Denniz Rodman::like your comment.
Jason Galley::He isn't this bad though, honestly ever since MB took over Kyrie has declined, I don't find that a coincidence either.
Nick Baughan::Jason Galley no, he's not this bad, but he's always been overrated. Seriously, what does he excel at other than playing NBA Street in real life?
Daniel Kiraly::wow I'm a cavs fan and we suck they need to fired their head coach and actually try to win. Their coach only won a game because he had Lebron
Denniz Rodman::your team sucked even before Mike Brown came. Time to put the blame on your "Media Hyped Superstar".
Marcleen Bavogui::all those draft picks..and free agents signing and they still stink.. 4 years of tanking SMH
Dishant Patel::Cleveand, How do you expect LBJ to come back when you are getting blown out by the celtics?
Chelo Mejias::The Celtics also beat Lebron's miami heat
Dishant Patel::Chelo Mejias, lol i know right. Wasn't that like a NBA finals win for them?
Chelo Mejias::Dishant Patel   Lebron said before the game "it's not a rivalry any more, them guys ain't dere anymore"  ask him how he feels about it now, go ahead...i double dog dare ya!
Jaydogg Vega::Jeff Green needs to take 20 shots in EVERY game he plays!!
Chelo Mejias::Jeff GREEN for 31!
Sportsbettingstar.com::The Cleveland Cavaliers were again reminded of the glory days of LeBron James and look to end a four-game losing skid when they visit the Boston Celtics on Friday. Cleveland has lost seven of eight games to drop to 4-11 after falling to James and the Miami Heat on Wednesday. The Celtics also have 11 losses and are just 2-5 at home after losing to the Memphis Grizzlies on Wednesday. Both teams are just terrible and its pretty much a coin toss here.
Chelo Mejias::Celtics are ranked #1 in 3 point field goal percentage defense..teams are shooting 31 percent from beyond the arc against celtic defense, hardly a sign of a "terrible" team....below average team? possibly...but to say the Celtics are terrible shows ignorance
Joon Park::Whoever listens to these betting stars or gambling "experts" are just a bunch of fools.  If you really want to gamble, you should go with your own choice and not let anyone contaminate your ideas.
Nicholas Plant::Joon Park Rearry insightful
Ñassèr Ñastìíx::( Jack - Kyrie - Waiters - clark ) take too many bad mid range shoots & they can't make it .. take a 3 or get in the paint , no ball movement , Tristan Thompson is lost with Bynum on the court & the cavs defense too , Anthony Bennett .. i don't know what to say about him but he look scared & nervous out there , not ready for the NBA & he got picked as #1 too smh . Time to fire Mike Brown & Chris Grant . Cavs need to take action now before it's too late .
Steve Broome::Dan Gilbert is the one who picked Anthony Bennett and Thompson, both suck.
John Stebbins::Seriously, can we get rid of Mike Brown? His offense is terrible. "But our defense sets up our offense!" he says. True, trying to confusing the opponents' when the opponents have the ball leads to the Cavs being confused when they have it sounds like...Heckuva Job, Brownie!
Denniz Rodman::your team sucked even before Mike Brown came. Time to put the blame on your "Media Hyped Superstar".
Paa Hawkins::It's clearly looking like the Anthony Bennett pick is the biggest bust in NBA history and the Cavs did it to tank the season. Jabari Parker is looking like the next All-Star NBA SF, and Wiggins has come down to Earth.
Sam Selden::Feels like the Celtics hired Brad Stevens a year too early.  They should have made Kris Humphries the player/coach for the year.
Nicholas Plant::Celts need to trade these average players like Green and Bradley.  Tank the season neggas.  Get a good draft pick instead of staying mediocre forever
Gene O'Donnell::They don't need to tank. They've got Brooklyn's draft picks and the Nets are tanking for them.
Chelo Mejias::Dumb Post, thank god you aren't the GM of the Celtics
Nicholas Plant::Gene O'Donnell The Nets pick belongs to the Hawks this year.
Nenad Maric::Yet another pathetic "performance" by the Cavs.  Nothing like having a one-man team (Thank You, Kyrie!).
Denniz Rodman::1 like for your post.
Steve Broome::Will some team please trade to get Anthony Bennett and Austin Rivers on the same team?
Chelo Mejias::If the Season ended today...the celtics would be the 8th seed in the playoffs
Frank Lee::Oh Boston, beating up on the Cavs. Can't you try a little harder to suck?
Benson Chiang::Mike Brown was a great hire...
Tyler Ash::tonight should be a good game, two young squads battling hard every night... Its been a great year for Boston fans, hopefully the C's can keep their usual winning ways up (or tank and get a high draft pick, which i'd rather)... http://www.tylerashsportsblog.com/2013/11/25-boston-sports-moments-of-2013-to-be.html
Justin Vetter::Last #1 pick(Anthony Bennett) was a big bust. Hes terrible, he played at UNLV in the MWC. Not a tough conference at all and he only scored 15 a game in a terrible conference. Shoulda took Zellar or Noel. Yea Noel cant play this year but hes a good player with his height and length. His defensive presence is a big factor where hes a great shot blocker. Benet was a big bust
