NashIsBeast::Great foul by Lopez. People cant just let griffin just dunk on their faces. Blake needs to stop being such a baby and deal with it. I used to like him and his dunks but now it is apparent he has a huge ego and that he expects people to move out of the way so he can make "highlight dunks"
sportsguy766::Who Here is Tired of these 2 Fake tough Guy Bullies? Give Me a thumbs up if You agree!  Blake Griffin &amp; Lebron James (6ft 10" 250lbs) &amp; (6ft 8" 250lbs) As big as they are, everytime there is any hint of a hard foul, both fall to the ground and play it off like they were hit with a hammer, LOL! Both Flop. Everytime they dunk, they stare at the opponents or mug for the crowd like they did something special! (news alert, 90%of NBA can dunk too) Both can't shoot outside of 10 feet or make free throws in the 4th quarter of a close game. This one is for sure, both are PED users (steriods, HGH) Look at their heads, both are getting bigger, morphing wider around the jaws and hate to say it, look like SHREK.  Im tired of watching these fake super stars, real players like Duncan, Kobe, KG, Durant, etc have real super star skills, they don't need to BULL DOZE their way to the basket and try to draw fouls and get their dunks on ESPN highlights.  Enough is enough, until they learn a post game or perimeter shot, let the fouls keep comming...Bullies act tough, until you punch them in the mouth!
Soonerhopeful1::Griffin is over....250 Lb...More Like  260 !
somerandomguy30::I want to see Utah-Pheonix
LSD_hookem::If griffin's head was not full of magnetic Velcro people's hands would stop sticking to it lol!!  I just want espn to show all the time griffin runs away from someone driving the lane towards him - for every dunk, show a dodge. Everyone would be laughing too hard to smack him proper!
SB4LlFE::blake is a little b*tch
bengasman44::SB4LIFE:  "blake is a little b*tch"     such venom and anger on ur part.  let it go and root for your team.  there are times when i am not thrilled with some of his lapses as an off-ball defender.  he'll get better as his career moves along.  he is an asset for the clippers.  hope it works out that we get lakers-clippers western final.  that would be fun.
balltillifall_88::did nobody else notice that lopez caught griffin in the face, then griffin fell down holding the top of his head? god i hate fake griffin and flop city.
NashIsBeast::i know right
ackreader99::Someone plz explain the reason Griffin didnt get ejected for his tackle. Which was no different than the hard foul on him. Maybe refs thought it was almost over anyway? Or was he too famous to eject?
Mister.k.::who knew the phoenix pus$ies can be aggressive?!
LeBronHeartOfAChump::IT'S TIME FOR THE MANKITTY'S SEASON-ENDING AWARDS! HERE THEY ARE!    MOST CLUTCH PLAYER = CHRIS PAUL  LEAST CLUTCH PLAYER = (TIE) LEBRON JAMES, RAYMOND FELTON, DERRICK ROSE, LUOL DENG  STUDLIEST PLAYER = (TIE) GORAN DRAGIC, DAVID LEE  NICEST DERRIERE = GORDON HAYWOOD   BIGGEST WHINER = (TIE) TIM DUNCAN, DWAYNE WADE BIGGEST FLOPPER = (TIE) MIKE SMITH, MANU GINOBLI, DWAYNE WADE  LEAGUE MVP = NASH BIGGEST THUG = METTA WORLD PEACE   CONGRATS TO DWAYNE WADE FOR HIS MULTIPLE AWARDS!    MEOW!!!
NashIsBeast::yeah! go nash!
FTLakerFan::the foul by Lopez wasnt even that big a deal, griffin played it up like he always does when he gets hit, guy acts like he should be able to just go in there and dunk on these guys and show them up and nobody is allowed to touch him, guy got what he deserved, and he will keep getting it until he figures out that he cant keep show boating on these guys, just make the dunk and move on, stop being an idiot
shoepimp01::But but but but it's all about dunks. Dunks &gt; Anything else  - Blake Griffin - Clipper Myopians
shoepimp01::Wahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Robin Lopez is a freaking loser and dirty. He didnt let me dunk! Dunks &gt; wins  - Blake
oczonie::Last night's game had an almost "gladiator" feel to it, which is what the playoffs are about.  Especially with Barkley calling for other team members for retaliation against the opposition.  Will we see more of the players gunning for say Nash (a la Horry) in the post season antics?  Can refs control the dirty plays?
ACandOJ::Ustna, are you ok??
micromonkeyz::It's rich that Griffin wants to complain about hard fouls.  If you don't use guys necks to pole vault off of to get height then maybe you are not a dirty player and can talk.
dmodmodmo::LOL @ Blake Griffin trying to hit the game-tying 3pt at the end hahahahaha
springfresh33::Stupid Griffin  with that foul at the last 2 seconds
Bynum Pulls Down 30::LAL get by the Spurs tonight and the Division is in the bag. LAC keep their streak alive, 0 Division trophy wins.
jayautryphotography::Griffen &lt; Love
dmodmodmo::duh?
Bynum Pulls Down 30::Goooooooooooo Suns, Noooooooooo Clipps
jayautryphotography::"I thought it was dirty. He is trying to take him down," Clippers coach Vinny Del Negro said. "The league has got to do something to protect this kid. We can only get so many technical fouls. We can only do so many things, and guys are taking shots at him. It is getting bad. The kid is in pain right now."    Ah hm. Welcome to the NBA.
balltillifall_88::lol. maybe fake griffin should quit using peoples faces as a push off point when he dunks...
muncieplumbers::Griffin gets hammered every game.  Its time to let Reggie Evans go to work on the homes with a blowtorch and a pair of pliers.  If teams want to play that game, we got martin and evans.  Break some point guard leg.  Lets start the hit list
FTLakerFan::Griffin is asking for it by trying to show up all the other guys all the time....he is going to get taken out, and quit crying about the fouls, you want to play like you do then take it like a man and quit crying
RAlexander 07::Griffin flies to the hoop like a maniac every game. Its fun to watch but when you play that way you cannot expect people to step out of the way. Just sayin...
Je5teR777::Robin FROpez is my new hero! Suns need to re-sign him cause someone else surely will.
L0sD0yers99::I hate PHOENIX SUNS Basketball but gotta give you guys thanks for beating LA lil Sisters and giving Lakers a lil bit of breathing room.  Hopefully Lakers can get some payback from the Spurs tonight.  Hey Ginger, how did that pimp slap by Robin Feel???  Get used to it
oczonie::Here's hoping you get spanked by the Spurs tonight.  Clips will take the Pacific Division someday (maybe even this year) and put little brother Lakers in their place.
shoepimp01::I love your mother.  - Kobe  So did I.  - The chair that she was bent over
dcowboysallday::Next year Paul will be demanding a trade
FTLakerFan::doesnt have to demand one, just finish out one more year and go where you want
dcowboysallday::Once you push Griffin hard and get into his face he becomes a little pu$$y, just ask World Peace
Louie5547::if you notice bgriff only dunks on the little guys...you wont see that against bynum cuz b griff knows he will get "JJ'ed" hahahaha
dmodmodmo::awesome how many lakers fans are on this board
jayautryphotography::Literally spit out my coffee..  "JJ'ed". hahahaha
ustna::you're an idiot...
Soonerhopeful1::If only Perkins and Gasol were big guys....  !     http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PzxFJa6rfsg
Kev_010::If only blake can shoot that 3 like K love then they maybe would've tied the game.
Louie5547::if only he can shoot his only way of scoring is to dunk....cant even make free throws
abcesr::After reviewing the Bynum hit on Barea on youtube this hit on Griffin was just as bad, if not worse in terms of possiblity of causing great injury. Lopez should be given at least a 5 game suspension as Bynum got. Otherwise this bs will continue.
EmTeeZ::It was not even close to the Bynum hit, especially including the much smaller size differential (but also the fact that he was going for the ball).
jakeNBakee::haha, thats hilarious. Its not even close. Lopez was clearly going for the ball. Watch the replay again and watch his arms, they follow the ball. Everyone is basketball is so wussy now-a-days. Your gonna get hit sometimes, its a fast paced sport. The NBA is extremely fast paced,and somtimes you will get hit
balltillifall_88::griffin reversed the ball to the other hand when lopez fouled him. lopez TRIED to foul on the side with the ball. im not a suns OR clippers fan, just stating facts. and on top of that, blake got hit in the face and was holding the top of his head after the play...
abcesr::His head is not the ball.
dcowboysallday::the league should give Griffin an Oscar award for his performances this year of faking fouls
Louie5547::it wud have been worse if he wud actually have been hurt not playing lil diva on the floor...he can dunk on people but not expect to get hard fouls??? cry me a river
Reallyreal417::@abcser people like u are the reason the league has gone soft..back in the day u see fouls like that er game
los_king::you, sir, are an idiot
ROMEOx24::Lakers nation all over this b1atch lol
jjmccabe22::awesome hit! blake griffin is a $@%!$@%!$ and i would love to see him get housed every single game he plays
the-truth1000::WOW...... they lost to the suns thats like looseing to the pacers. just a shame....
EmTeeZ::Sure, the terrible Pacers, with their fifth best record in the NBA.
jakeNBakee::I agree that the suns are a good team, but considering Kobe wasn't playing I don't think you can compare that loss to this clippers loss considering their best players were playing. (And no talk about billups he's good but not that good and he's been gone for months)
Thomasca24::Yeah it's not like we(Lakers) didn't get beat by this same Suns team two weeks ago in Phoenix. Phoenix is a very dangerous team if they can get consistent defense &amp; nash stays healthy(which is a testament to how great he has been this season)
_misterfurious::The Pacers are a very good team.    And what is "looseing"?
_misterfurious::I don't agree with Barkley often, but he was right last night - people continue to take cheap shots at Blake Griffin and nobody on the Clippers does anything about it. You have to protect your star players - Deandre Jordan should be laying people out.
EmTeeZ::Griffin constantly gets away with fouls-- not just when he's dunking. His off-ball offense consist of elbowing and pushing guys to get into position, and most players wouldn't get away with it. You're going to get hit if all you do is hit other guys.
jakeNBakee::Come on now sooner hopeful, watch the highlights, its almost always an offensive foul when Griffin dunks on people. The worst ones are the ones on Gasol, those are so obviously offensive fouls.
los_king::Griffin fouls every time he makes one of his highlight dunks, he is also one of the biggest floppers in the league... ever heard of what goes around comes around?
betcha1992::ITA Griffin is the biggest flopper around.  When the refs start calling fouls on him, maybe the others won't foul back as much.
Soonerhopeful1::Kill Griffin eh..?     why are Lakers always  such   Trolls, and trash talkers...?   That's what they do..!
Mia40_Shesk::this is just great news, Griffin deserves this loss and the hit by Lopez, mook
arizonasportsman::If that was LeBron coming down on Griffin there would been no call.
legacyreaper32::Despite this loss, if the seedlings hold up, the Clippers will have favorable match ups come playoff time.  Again, IF the seedlings hold up, the Clippers should make it to the WCF.
ACandOJ::Uhhh Grizzlies anyone??
Manute Bogues::Blake's developing a reputation for being Mr. Dramatic.  This dude needs to stop it because he's talented.  Doesn't need to ruin it with antics.
Reallyreal417::And Blake is pushing people in back and also using his elbow when he dunk wats difference
_misterfurious::Dramatic? He's getting cheap shots consistently and it's only happening more and more frequently.
_misterfurious::Ok you're being ridiculous.
nallad47::He gets hit across the face and neck and holds the top of his head.. Ya that is dramatic
Kobe shots again... and misses::The only thing Blake Griffin knows how to do is dunk and drive his Kia.
Reallyreal417::Lmao and that proves that all Kobe Haters are dumb
nycitylaker::Incorrect grammar.....it's shoots. Lol
Does Wayne Brdy Hfta Djokovic::Ummm. your handle is misspelled
PlayaMade5::Lol, Blake Griffin and his flops are classic, especially the one at the end of the game and he was looking for a foul.
ACandOJ::CP3's flop at the end of the Denver game was the worst flop in history....
ACandOJ::If CP3 is taking more shots than anyone else on the team, its not a good thing....if he makes 32% of them, its a really bad thing.  Nice to see Bassy finally getting some run &amp; playing good D on CP3
LSD_hookem::Nice work Suns!
eightbitme::They say it's the name on front of the jersey's that matters, and long as I can remember the Suns have been better team than the Clippers. I know things are starting to change, and the Clippers are much improved, but with both teams having something to play for, the Clippers were the Clippers.  :-)
solidla::blake griifin reminds me of ron perlman lol!
NavyJoe::"I thought it was dirty. He is trying to take him down," Clippers coach Vinny Del Negro said. "The league has got to do something to protect this kid. We can only get so many technical fouls. We can only do so many things, and guys are taking shots at him. It is getting bad. The kid is in pain right now."  That is hilarious.  Tell Blake to stop committing offensive fouls to get on the highlight reels.  The cupping of the head, the swiping of the arms, these are all offensive fouls, yet he gets away with it.
Serene Joseph::Blake Griffin is overrated anyways. Who cares about him.
Serene Joseph::How about the Suns, they are not giving up on this play-off run!
springfresh33::Blake Griffin you fucking fag.....thanks for fouling Frye on that last play you worthless piece of shit
Lakers 2009-2010 world champions::Once again, THANK YOU PHOENIX SUNS!  -Laker fans
doof54::Both LA teams lose on out.  Grizzlies take over the #3 spot. Lakers / Clippers play each other in the first round as the 4 and 5 seeds.  Priceless.  And yes, thank you Suns.
ROMEOx24::You act like Lakers are afraid of the Clippers lmao
solidla::Blake Griffin gets all the hard fouls just likr Rose because he is too good! So stop complaining!
PhatmanXL::5 years from now, people will laugh at how good the 'experts"  and fans thought Blake Griffin was going to be. He has no game. Can't shoot. Can't defend. Soft. He makes a great argument for fans not being involved in the All-Star voting.
wahzoo5::all he does is dunk, can't shoot, can't post up, can't do much of anything.  He's just very athletic, but very low basketball skills.   When he reaches Kobe's age, he'll average 6 pts 4 rebs per game and be extremely irrelevant.
DidYouSeeThat36::curious to see how long in the league he'll last once his hops drop off
GBM04::Blake has to start retaliating for those dirty fouls.
Jt3z::When your getting elbowed in the face non stop you gotta do something.
GBM04::But Dudley trying to go all toughguy is laughable.
kingolympicslam::laughable to watch maybe - but it got the dead phoenix crowd back into the game and fired up the team. the junkyard dog always finds a way to do what his team needs
TubbyTime334::He actually is. Solid at the 3 ball and decent Defender.
Jt3z::Dudley is a decent player
TubbyTime334::WhatsUp.
Doc Emmett L Brown::I don't have a problem with him going up with his arm out like that. A post player is taught to use the off arm to protect the body. As long as he doesn't swipe with it or push off, I really don't think it's an offensive foul.
Jt3z::He instigates them with elbowing everybody when he tries to dunk
HangTime7_7::Indeed. Take care.
Doc Emmett L Brown::Yeah, I just watched it three times. We'll have to agree to disagree. I don't see it like that at all. Well, I gotta go. This was fun.
HangTime7_7::He definitely did. Mostly off his shoulder after his elbow slides off his face. If you watch the replay on the slo-mo angle as I just did, he definitely pushes off to give himself more airtime/height.
Doc Emmett L Brown::He wasn't using Gasol to leapfrog himself into the air. He just went through him. Griffin, D12, Aldridge, LeBron.... Not too many guys have the ability to go through a guy like that.
HangTime7_7::Maybe not with as much force, but I think there are plenty of players who could pull off a similar dunk if they are allowed to catapult off a guy's face/shoulder like that.
Doc Emmett L Brown::There's probably about five total players in the league who can dunk like that, with that amount of force. It wouldn't have been an offensive foul on any one of them. Bynum certainly has to size to keep Griffin from that dunk, but can't get up nearly as high. I wouldn't mind seeing the attempt though.
HangTime7_7::I disagree only in that if that were any other player it would've been an offensive foul. They need to officiate every player the same way. Gotta be consistent. Would love to see Griffin try that on Bynum though.
Doc Emmett L Brown::No way. League is getting too soft as it is already. Basketball used to be a contact sport. I'm not a Griffin fan per se, but I'm glad to see someone playing physical the way it's supposed to be played. It's just not the game for Gasol. He needs to stay out of the lane and leave that to Bynum.
HangTime7_7::Shaq should've been T'ed up as well. Two wrongs don't make a right.
Doc Emmett L Brown::No T. Remember when Shaq was on the Lakers, dunked on Chris Dudley, intentionally shoved him to the ground after dunking on him, then Dudley picked up the ball and threw it at Shaq? Dudley got the T, not Shaq.
HangTime7_7::No T for shoving a player to the ground after elbowing him in the face and the play was already over? That was completely unnecessary
Doc Emmett L Brown::No T either. Shaq used to do that ALL the time if guys got in his way. If they can't take it, GTFO of the lane.
Doc Emmett L Brown::Na, I just watched it again. Gasol was slow to rotate, out of position, in the no-charge area and met Griffin in the air. Griffin shouldn't be punished for being stronger and more athletic. Jeff Van Gundy was on the money with what he said about it.
HangTime7_7::At the very least Griffin should've been hit with a technical for shoving Pau to the ground after the dunk was already completed.
HangTime7_7::I agree it was a flagrant 1. They wouldn't have ejected Lopez had the game not been chippy beforehand. The second dunk on Pau was definitely an offensive foul though.
Doc Emmett L Brown::LOL. I just watched the Lopez play. That wasn't a flagrant 2. Flagrant 1, fine. And neither of Griffin's dunks on Gasol were offensive fouls.
HangTime7_7::I agree. I think that second dunk he did over Pau just as an example was worse than what Lopez did to Blake tonight. And Blake was awarded with 2 pts when at the very least it should've been an offensive foul. The league isn't doing anything about it so the players are taking matters into their own hands.
