Bay Area Sports::...
josephstoddard00::it's either phil or no deal
JerryDeluxe::LOS ANGELES LAKERS 2012 NBA CHAMPS
elibird54321::Would have been nice, but that ship has sailed. We're kinda looking at hopefully at a 2013 title.
--L.A LAKERS DODGERS--::We want Phil,We want Phil,We want Phil..........LET'S GO LAKERS!!!
troy_green1::Well, Tyler looked good for the Dubs last night. LA was just too tall for the Warriors. The small rotation for G State got worked on the glass when it counted.
Terry 1953::Lakers win against a panzy team, you Laker fans have them World Champions, what meatheads.
Lakermagicshowtime::you still mad?The game was over more than 12 hours ago, the thing is that you better stop watching Lakers games before you get a heart  or  diarrhea attack now that the team got away from Brown shackles. They beat down a decent team.
Terry 1953::Ok Coach Carter
AlaskaHawks::LMAO @ Diarrhea attack! haha.
Lakermagicshowtime::GS was 3-2 entering the game includin a wing against the Clips in staples it wasnt the winless Pistons, this GS team is actually decent, Bickerstaff let them just play and forget about plays that came out of a calculus books and the results were immediate. The main thing is that once the second unit got away from Brown shackles they flourished. Jamison and Meeks will be big contributors if you let them play. God Mike Brown was so stupid im glad he is gone
Terry 1953::The Lakers should be playing the panzies of the league more than they already do, they would be World Champions
AlaskaHawks::Poor Terry, still a bit upset.
xXLil_Haze24Xx::Thats Cute
xXLil_Haze24Xx::If Kobe keeps this up he could be looking at a MVP season at his 34 years of age
AlaskaHawks::The main thing that I have faulted Kobe for is his shot selection. Which obviously, contested shots are harder to make. If he keeps letting the game come to him and take the available shot, He will be just fine.
xXLil_Haze24Xx::Oh, alright than thanks
AlaskaHawks::I have heard anywhere from 2-3 weeks. But it really just matters that he's healthy, no need to rush him back.
xXLil_Haze24Xx::Yeah and thats where Nash comes in with his ability to create open shots for players in this case for Kobe. Kobe will be having a lot more open shots... by the way Have you heard anything about when is he going to play
AlaskaHawks::Gonna be tough to maintain this level of play all year, but you're certainly right. If he keeps this up, Lakers have a real chance this year. Loving how much he is finding the open guy right now, if those guys start hitting a few more shots his numbers will be much better.
xXLil_Haze24Xx::Yup and he has been shooting pretty good too. I know hes going to have his bad games here and their but which player doesn't
Terry 1953::The Lakers should be playing the panzies of the league every game, they would be World Champions
AlaskaHawks::You seem upset, Terry. Do you need a hug?
Brady4TW::Lakers got 37 points from their bench. Makes all the difference.
oldsurfdawg::Big difference.  Perhaps Browns rotation was just a mess.
xXLil_Haze24Xx::and it sure was
deeceeuci::Of course Phil is coming back. All the pieces are in place. Phil doesn't actually like to coach unless the planets are aligned and then he swoops in and takes all the credit. Good for him.
Lakermagicshowtime::Riddle mee this riddle me that: What MJ,Scottie Pippen,Shaq, Kobe,Pau and Odom have in common?They didnt won a damn thing until Phil "swooped" in and took credit
Robert rueda::we are gonna be in perfect shape by the all star game... yeahhh boyyyy.... these to your chin..
AGV345::the players needed to win this game because we cant blame mike brown if they lost anymore, it's now on the players.
Lakers will be champs in 2013::Phil Jackson will be back soon
timberwolves guy::THERE IS NO REASON TO THINK THE SEASON IS LOST!!!!! ITS BEEN 6 GAMES!!!!
oldsurfdawg::The haters on this board who don't think Phil will come back....are clueless.  He took a year off to get healthy....and he also wanted no part of a season threatened  by a lockout.  He's healthy than he's been in years.......  Instead of spouting off morons....do some homework.
melolo12::all that is left to do is jeanie to work her magic on phil.
rdlee32::If Phil is hired which assistant coaches will stay? I think he will want to bring in Hamblin and Cleamons. I think Bickerstaff and Eddie Jordan are gone.
Lakermagicshowtime::Whatever he does he needs to keep Bickerstaff
oldsurfdawg::Agreed.....but Phil is picky.  I'd say Rambis is back as well.
dodgrbluu::Bickerstaff seems like a good guy. He should stay. The 'Zen Master' should bring back  Brian Shaw and mould him into becoming the Lakers future coach.
tmohr48::Mike Brown will not suffer much with his 'buyout'... he can laugh all the way to the bank.   Lakers, if they choose Phil, will nonchalantly pay what he asks for and be done with it.
Tony91367::Phil has had a year off, Rested and rejuvenated and ready to make another run at multiple titles and here is a Superstar loaded Lakers team ready for him to coach,, Match made in heavon
nba is the worst::I would be very surprised if Phil would take this job - only question is the Jeannie Buss factor - will she coax him out of retirement?
oneandonlybabe::and continue losing?
PackerBadg3rFAN::Every play had a little more hop in their step. And I loved that DJO got to get in, he will be a big key I believe
PackerBadg3rFAN::Er*
1grnbmr::When Phil strolls back to the bench, will he get his high chair back from Dwight? Maybe two high chairs! Lol
tmohr48::Phil's two 'high chairs' are still symbolically resting against the walls and confines of practice facility...  it's like Phil was on hiatus.
PackerBadg3rFAN::He will put Dwight in his place
tmohr48::Lakers' monkey is off their back now we can move onward and upward in the standings. Sorry Mike Brown but Jim Buss should not have hired you.
LakersD12::yah that was a big mistake.
LakersD12::Lakers played with a lot of energy. I want 2 more out of D12 though.
tmohr48::Funny how that works...
mark35345::Gasol hasn't beat the boards like that since Game 7 in 2010. Think what the score would have been if Artest could shoot better than 0-10 in the first half. So we can beat the Warriors and the Pistons....great...but it's nice to see some speed from Morris.
1grnbmr::Lakers almost doubled GS's  fast break points. Probably as many fast breaks as the first 5 games total. jus' sayin
tmohr48::G'day Laker Land....
mekso::Everything is OK... they beat GS.... That somehow made the players younger and the bench meaningful.
LakersD12::what NBA team uses the Princeton offense? I mean come on know
PackerBadg3rFAN::It gives them momentum. Lets them settle in with adjustments
tmohr48::Princeton offense is an Ivy League methodology and belongs in college ranks only.
PackerBadg3rFAN::Its a bigger game than you think.. They fired their coach the day they have a game.. And they responded well
oneandonlybabe::They'll also win against the Kings at home next. But that doesn't mean their problems are solved.
oneandonlybabe::No, I think they knew this was winnable at home against the Warriors and they fired the coach so they didn't have to fire him under a better record.
a617guy::beacuse they didn't run the Princeton offense. Still doesn't change that their players are old and bench is meaningful over the long haul of the season
PackerBadg3rFAN::Phil Jackson would put Dwight in his place if he returned.
tmohr48::Let's hope Phil returns and does exactly that... and Howard will be Defensive Player of Year again.
jhobby24::Kobe 1-0 as player/ coach.
Mac271::Jordan Hill was a steal
tmohr48::Hill is very very important for the Lakers... great acquisition.
GriseldaBlanco420::Yeah Howard should be 20 and 10 every night, no excuses
NickFoles1::He is coming off back surgery so he isn't going to be 100 percent every night until his back heals fully
NickFoles1::The princeton offense is meant for unselfish players who  lack quickness and can't create their own shot.. It requires setting up on the perimeter and passing to the open man. No way that system works in today's NBA. Brown should have known that and his firing was justifiable.
GriseldaBlanco420::Dwight Howard needs Phil Jackson, he will bring the best out of Howard. Mike Brown is a college coach. You cant run Ivy League plays with elite athletes.
GriseldaBlanco420::Lakers covered the number, thats all that matters in this life of sin
ffstudios::LOL, 22 minutes for Dwight. with only +2 +/- in a blowout win, after the coach got fired. That basically is telling Dwight get your act together.  Dwight's agent has to be thinking, hmmmm maybe this guy isn't a slam dunk for a max deal after all.  If Dwight only puts up 15/8 every night, he WILL NOT draw a max deal.
oneandonlybabe::Dwight should have never gone to LA, imho
mrjack117::Good for you lakers.....good for you
oneandonlybabe::I hadn't looked at Lakers schedule before but I guess it could be that knowing Lakers had a couple of winnable games they didn't want to let Brown stay and take the credit and postpone the firing.
Bynum24 Spurs23::The Lakers may have won but if their long-term goal is to keep Howard for several more title runs, last night's game did not help that cause.  Howard getting 6 field goal attempts is just a big no-no.
LakersD12::yah I agree, D12 needs to have at least 12 shots.
Milk6464::Howard got to rest. He's coming off of back surgery.  Unlike Brown, they actually rested their starters &amp; Howard played limited time
BMITCH333::Still believe that Clippers win the West this year regardless of Lakers' coach.  D'Andre Jordan's improvement and a deep bench put Clippers over the top.
blacbird3::Yeah right...refs tried to give clippers the game against warriors with 52 freethrow attempts and still lost. Wannabes
TheTristanShow::Jordan blows
Bynum24 Spurs23::Serge Ibaka's improvement &gt;&gt; DeAndre Jordan's improvement
nylee64::"God no, this just put a monkey wrench into winning any more titles in my career"  - Lebron James response in regards to Phil Jackson coming back
mekso::you dream
nba is the worst::Lakers got a win over a team with a winning record at tipoff - that's progress
Robert rueda::lakers championships 16.. to your $@%!$@% heat 2.. wow if it wasn't for shaq ex laker your !$@%!$@ org would be stuck to 1... lame heat fans..  GO LAKERS.
UndefeatedUntied::Miami Heat NBA CHAMPS SUCKER!
hopelena05::Kobe is back coaching again
tonybaloney52::it is a players league not like any other major sport.  kobe is a great player but, man, is he a c*ck s*cker.
dwight howard undefeated getting coaches fired::honestly how hard is it to learn a new offense?  these are grown men with nothing else to do in their day
tonybaloney52::yeah, 8th graders learn to run many of the same plays, just on a smaller scale -- and they have homework every night!  maybe it's because the average 8th grader is smarter than an NBA player.  i'm just sayin.
jasiekforever::they don't need a offense that handcuffs their skills as great players
jasiekforever::and who said i wanted to coach?
jasiekforever::yeah because the princeton offense was working so well... only thing princeton offense is good for is division 3 basketball.. there is a reason no one in the nba uses it... not even college programs use it .. heck Princeton doesn't even use it
dwight howard undefeated getting coaches fired::so you want them to just run wild like a middle school game?  that's why you're in here and not out there coaching
tonybaloney52::In a battle of giants, Dwight bested Festus by 2.  Lmao
jasiekforever::he didn't play most of 2nd half .... game was over by 3rd quarter
dwight howard undefeated getting coaches fired::guy is a straight up joke  WTF is he doing out there
dwight howard undefeated getting coaches fired::dwight coward
tonybaloney52::which one?
nba is the worst::And kobe continues to thwart the "kobrick" crowd...  I saw a little defense last night - maybe there's hope for 45 wins
What Haz I Done 15 is unstoppable::Battle of the under achievers.
itawfiq1::We need a bench than phil
oneandonlybabe::Ah luckily for Lakers they play the Kings at home next so 3-4 coming up!
DONT_CARE_FOR_MODS_AGAIN::"we still better at 2-4" ---M W P
