Godson0341::Holy Crap !! how many Williams does the Nets have on their roster lol
newcaymanS::Wait, is that a T-Wolves fan talking smack in here???  REALLY!?!?!  T-wolves?!?!?!  I'm gonna need to take a moment. ROFLMAO
CandySparker::Cheers Paul George!
cobrakai2002::The Wolves are gonna eat tomorrow night! F the Pacers!
cheesehead1287::NEWS FLASH! Indiana has got to cut down on the turnovers...
garnolfini::No one in Brooklyn wants this pathetic team and their new quonset hut on Atlantic Avenue. Stay in New Jersey.
PresleyMcCutchenTabata::well it just wasnt meant to be for the Nets tonight, nice rally though, and good game Pacers fans
jacklondon1234::I have bet on sports for almost 3 years now and have used endless numbers of handicappers. I started using a website called sportsbettingstar.com . Since signing up after Christmas I am already 16-0 on hockey and basketball bets combined. It is a 2 series chase system but is out of this world. I almost wonder if this Chad guy pays off to have the games hit his picks. Thought this might help you sports bettors out there that are not winning
BoomGoesTheDynamite31::This is how I see the East playing out... 1.)  Heat 2.)  Bulls 3.) Sixers/ Pacers 4.) Sixers/Pacers 5.) Hawks 6.) Celtics 7.) Magic 8.) Knicks
jc12321::roy hibbert could kiss all of dem in 1 foul swoop
mixmaster89::hate to say it this score is much closer then it really should be ... the pacers had control of this one all the way thro the second half and got a little to laid back at the end and almost blew it
jc12321::more like blew a kiss to roy hibbert? where would u blow ur kiss?
TradeBoozerforadietcoke::Ind please trade granger for the great "cough" carlos boozer
minny snowta::Granger on the Bulls would be sick! now that Deng is out I see Boozer getting stuffed, he is too short and stocky, he was getting owned by LBJ a few days back.  Granger would be able to hit those shots and hit the 3 and Deng when healthy could go to the PF position.
jc12321::aah, u understand how to kiss roy hibbert better?
jc12321::what? roy hibbert play sports? why cant we talk about how we want to kiss him
mdtuzo::what is wrong with you? this is a sports board, not one of your gay chat rooms
mdtuzo::heatster, sorry i went to the ups office to pick up a package. congrats, the pacers won.
netsbucs::Man all those clips of INDY because of the superbowl and a lot of people wearing colts clothing, pointing at their logo putting a number 1 right next to it.............. yea we know number 1 draft pick ok damn..............oh they meant number 1 team in nfl!..........................hahahahahhahahahahahahha
newcaymanS::This from a guy with "netsbucks" user name?  NETS and BUCS??? REALLY???
enemy_80::Someone is a hater right now. Bye Troll.
BoilerBOY-IU SUCKS::NETS SUCK
netsbucs::u suck u          b i t c h,    b i t c h
jc12321::roy hibbert can kiss all of dem!!!
jc12321::i dont get it? can u pleaz tel me howw u would kiss roy hibert?
netsbucs::i think u would hve those pics.not me so bye
jc12321::i lick where dis going. please send me pics of roy hibbert kissing me now!!!
netsbucs::u horn dog ;)
jc12321::yes i licked ur comment, now like mine and roy hibbert is strong enough to kiss both of them
netsbucs::yea two guys hibbert will never be
netsbucs::i only kiss lopez and howard and u like ur own comment looooooseeerrrrr
jc12321::yes but how will u kiss him? on lips, on cheek, on arms?
netsbucs::*f a gs
netsbucs::roy hibbert wears a facemask so $@%! like u can't touch him
Mets2410::I'm hearing the Knicks might get Peyton Manning to play PG. They are desperate for somebody who knows how to pass a ball.
BoilerBOY-IU SUCKS::HOW BOT STEVE nash he wants a ring and amare
bruinkidluvr::i heard jose reyes would rather play underwater in florida then with the mets
jc12321::blin 182 sux -curt "da durt" painter
BoomGoesTheDynamite31::haha more like....  Painter at Purdue: Crap  Painter in the NFL: God AWFUL
BoilerBOY-IU SUCKS::PAINTER AT PURDUE: GREAT  PAINTER IN THE NFL: SUCKS REALLY BADLY
MetropolitanFan::it was a solid effort by the Nets against a better team!!Lets just be grateful this is a shorter season than usual ! Because we are not going anywhere anyway
netsbucs::it's cause those damn injuries
JamalMAllen::You're going to the Lottery!
Mets2410::no the magic are
BoilerBOY-IU SUCKS::Go Pacers
bruinkidluvr::go bulls
BoilerBOY-IU SUCKS::HAHAHAHAHAHHAHHAHA  95-90 MAKIN' D-ROSE MAD!
JamalMAllen::Go Triple A Durham Bulls!
rob111111112::Fu ck you
bruinkidluvr::I think the Hoosiers could beat the wizards in an exhibition game...john wall went to kentucky, and indiana beat them...as long as the game is at the greatest venue in sports, ASSEMBLY HALL
newcaymanS::I like IU but Assembly Hall is a horrble basketball facility.  Always has been.  That's the honest truth.  Worthen Arena at Ball State is a better facility for crying out loud.
nirvallica85::Assembly Hall in Bloomington is so great that they gave it the same name as the University of Illinois' basketball stadium.    Good work.
bruinkidluvr::purdues****^
bruinkidluvr::hows pursues home winning streak doing...i forgot?
BoilerBOY-IU SUCKS::HA HA TOOK A WHILE TO RE BUILD A STILL SUCKY PROGRAM, PS NO GOOD ROAD WINS  IU MY A**
BoilerBOY-IU SUCKS::assembly hall sucks, cant see a thing  cant see IU beating Purdue on the road either
bruinkidluvr::greatest atmosphere anywhere
BoilerBOY-IU SUCKS::NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOWAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY  PS IU SUCKS MAN
ikedrk::Assembly Hall is $@%!...
JamalMAllen::greatest venue in sports? noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
netsbucs::yea hibbert is a g he played offense with a rookie guarding him who is 3 inches shorter than him and a french petro, who knows his talents. SMH, get real pacer fans, if lopez was in it would have been a different story.
JJDMRL::say what you want but hibbert has done it all year and hes playin with a broken nose and a sprained ankle.
kdogownsu::Roy woulda had 30 If Lopez played
iownamicrowave::is this post for real?
BoilerBOY-IU SUCKS::NETS SUCKS AND EXCUSES, EXCUSES, AND MORE EXCUSES
gt1master_ike::Damn if deron williams limited the turnovers, this game could have swung teh other way
netsbucs::the nets are still adjusting to d-will's type of game
mdtuzo::no thats because shelden williams and johan petro are scrubs, humphries has been fine handling those inside passes
JamalMAllen::that would be a turnover on whoever had the ball bounced off him
Mets2410::haha ya he'll drive into the lane and then throw a behind the back pass to someone and it'll bounce of them out of bounds because they aren't ready lol
Mets2410::we were getting smacked until D-Will turned it on in the 4th. ya his turnovers are a problem though. i think most of that comes from the fact that he has to/tries to do too much
JamalMAllen::he's had a MAJOR turover issue ever since he joined NJ
MJK4143::How can any NBA player play 23 minutes and not attempt a shot or a free throw?
jc12321::can we pray for my neighbors baby who has a cold
NickelShort::your neighbor sucks, tell him to GTF OFF of your lawn.
iownamicrowave::Can we also pray for my friends rabbit? he sick...
WhiteChiliWhiteChili::FU
jc12321::thanx for da support u rock
bruinkidluvr::Cody Zeller...next great pacer
bruinkidluvr::maybe if collison played DB the colts wouldn't have such a bad secondary
JamalMAllen::maybe if collison played DB for the colts instead of PG for the pacers, indiana would struggle
rob111111112::Indiana has 6 other guys scoring double figures they won't have a problem
WhiteChiliWhiteChili::The colts should draft Tom Pritchard for Safety
bruinkidluvr::hibbert should be on the colts offensive line
bruinkidluvr::GRANGER BETTER QUARTERBACK THAN PAINTER
newcaymanS::Art Schlister is STILL a better Colts QB than Painter and he's old, washed up and behind bars. LOL
WhiteChiliWhiteChili::Hanna Montana is a better quarterback than Painter.  At least the name sounds right.
Carmelo4life7::play marshon brooks for peace sake
bruinkidluvr::he's injured
Mets2410::he broke his pinky toe he's out for 2 weeks so for peace sake don't play him avery!
thekola::he's injured
JamalMAllen::he's injured genius
Ravens n Orioles::pacers have the 2nd or 3rd seed in the east locked up. book it.
bruinkidluvr::or 76ers...
thekola::you honestly think they are better than the Heat or bulls???
mlmay31::Sooo many dumb @#$% pacer lovers like you these days saying since the Pacers beat the Bulls once they are better. Idiotic.
thekola::that doesnt make them better over the course of a season.
Ravens n Orioles::no. heat 1st seed. pacers and bulls for 2nd or 3rd is a toss up. pacers already beat the bulls.
NSTerui::nah, dont talk like that. No lock. Gotta keep playin hard
netsbucs::There was more people at media day at lucas oil stadium than there were in this game.
MilitaryIndustrialComplex::well who wouldn't choose media day? theres basketball games everyday
bruinkidluvr::BULLS&gt;HEAT.....BULLSS TROOOLLLOOOLLLLL
kdogownsu::2011 bulls were better than Pacers but not 2012 bulls. It showed in pacers domination of the bulls this season.
bruinkidluvr::at least bulls&gt;heat...i remember first round last year playoffs....poor pacer fans
JamalMAllen::ok....and so that makes the chain Heat &gt; Bulls &gt; Pacers
bruinkidluvr::and i remember when the bulls beat the pacers in five games in the playoffs
JamalMAllen::and i remember when the heat beat the bulls in five games in the playoffs
rob111111112::Pacers &gt; bulls &gt; heat    smart pacers fan
JamalMAllen::heat have pretty muched silenced that for now
WhiteChiliWhiteChili::when the Bulls play the Heat, I root for injuries.
TwoForTheMoney2127::Roy Hibbert = Big Duffous/Terrible hands/Terrible Footwork
NSTerui::Kris Humphries = Big D-Dag, Cares more about his hair than his game
Mets2410::ya that's why he's averages 12.8 points per game and 10.6 rebounds per game. I don't get all the humphries hate, all he did was marry kardashian and then get dumped by her. he didn't do anything wrong except try to make her move to minnesota lol.
Mets2410::and a huge block on d-will to basically seal the deal for the pacers
DanvilleSports6::Granger + Hibbert + Paul &gt; Wade + LeBron + Bosh,  it may take some time but it will happen
DanvilleSports6::George is still 1st year and hibberts 3rd year it will happen dont worry
Mets2410::Granger and George will never be as good as LeBron or D-Wade. Maybe Hibbert can become better overall than Bosh but Bosh will always be the better offensive player.
JamalMAllen::uh, no.
rob111111112::Really?
__Heatster_.::ok, i'm here at the end of the game. where's my prize, mdtuzo?
mdtuzo::congrats.
Giggityiggity::You Pacers better whoop on the TWolves.  Their fan base is by the far the most $@%!$@% annoying on the planet.    - Cavs fan
JamalMAllen::Cavs fan just jealous cuz Rubio has been stealing Kyrie's press.
WhiteChiliWhiteChili::Minnesotans?   LOL.....  OK dude.
mdtuzo::sucks because, d-will, morrow, humphries and farmar have been playing hard these last couple of games, they need a little more support from everyone else. it will really help getting brooks and lopez back
JamalMAllen::Nets got a steal with Brooks. Almost as good of a pure scorer as Williams. He's a keeper for NJ. Still many, many holes to fill but you found some legit offensive talent at the least.
Mets2410::it will also help getting dwight =)
mdtuzo::lol well yeah
jc12321::who wants to kiss roy hibbert on the forehead?
irishindy123::i wana kiss him in other places
jc12321::please be specific
netsbucs::NEttSSSSS     would have beat ur $@%  pacerrrrssssss if they werre healthyyyy (in obama's singing voice)
Reds30417::thats what I meant sorry. Lopez vs Hibbert would be fun to watch
netsbucs::when i was watching the game i kept saying what if lopez was here
Reds30417::Nets are broken
netsbucs::with injuries yea
JamalMAllen::he sings?
netsbucs::yea youtube it
Hoosierhawk18::Nope. But keep making excuses
netsbucs::u feel cool
netsbucs::$@% colts fann  boo woo
Lemoney_3::damn danny "the b*tch" Ganger for that last second play
Gemini24317::classy move by granger....he couldve dunked to pad the stats
Mets2410::ya that $@%!$@% lol
JamalMAllen::So...are the Pacers ready to open up the checkbook to keep Hibbert?
Qster15::Not for the asking price
rob111111112::Yes
Adam 44414::Lets hope
ptgatorboy13::i hate the win is a win phrase. at some point, it has to matter about who youre playing or what the score is
JamalMAllen::Agree 100%
ptgatorboy13::very true
rodger strait::have to remember they aren't getting much rest between games
crimson-knights123::damnit.
mdtuzo::ahhh dammit
gt1master_ike::Pacers are ite....i guess
Qster15::Pacers bite... over-rated team throwing up junk 3's and missing.. they win, but should have won by double digits, not 7 points
ikedrk::2nd in league in rebounding and 4th in points allowed...
Hoosierhawk18::They only shot 11 threes, as opposed to 29 from the Nets
Qster15::win is a win.. but it wasn't a pretty 4th
rodger strait::NOT SURE HOW YOU THINK THEY ARE OVER RATED
rodger strait::PACERS STILL WON ANYWAY YOU WANT TO SEE IT
Reds30417::I wouldn't say over-rated
redbloof1234::Granger showing class by not shooting that last second shot!
Qster15::Class in sports???  Thats why teams lose when they are winning... no killer instinct
ptgatorboy13::its just normal bball behavior
JamalMAllen::Na.zi America took over Cavs - Celtics board. Funny seeing little Cleveland fans getting pissy since he crashed their, "Yay we almost won a game!" party
jc12321::deron williams looks like a fish
jc12321::a clown fish cause he be clownin!!! get it??? hes a clown
Qster15::blowfish?
JamalMAllen::hmmm...what kind?
CubfanBU::NJ Cover!!!!!!!
Ronaldocruz14::your a f u c k i n g F a g g o t
Tuco Benedicto12::fuck youre pis sed
Ronaldocruz14::$@%! you $@%!$@
rob111111112::See ya nets now get out of indiana
Mets2410::trust me the nets are more than happy to get out of indiana they want to get out of the cornfields and back to civilization.
Mets2410::I'd rather play in Newark than a cornfield in indiana. also, Brooklyn later this year
rob111111112::You mean the dumps of new. Jersey?
NYturkeysandwhich13::Congrats on the $@%!$@%! win.
brickznujerz::WOMP WOMP
jerry0892::the giants will win in indy at least
rob111111112::They want the giants to win Indiana hates the pats
redbloof1234::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=87GQtZ2_xg0 &lt;--- Paul Georges dunk on NBA channel!!!
