nostabssor::BOB.....CATTTTZZZZZ....
newell725::$@%! this
Kuunamatata::Dear lord we are $@%!$@% terrible...  Get some !$@%!$@ talent on this team right meow.
ToledoMan::Mullens is turning into a beast.
ginblossoms1972::Started betting with a system called Sportsbettingstar now for a couple of months. I found this on the first page of google by searching for sports betting systems. Since I started I have made around $3,000 a month just following it. Ive tried a few systems in the past and nothing compares to how well this one does.
HitlerequalsMalcolmX::Will Turkoglu's contract be voided since he roided up?
Kujosh54321::Nice to see kemba carry the team at the end.
ThatSpiceGurl::Good win Cats...if Mullens continues to have solid games like this the Bobcats will win 20 to 25 games.  Not playoff bound wins but a step in the right direction.  Add a few more pieces in the draft and trades and you have a playoff team in 2014
Kujosh54321::Problem is that mullens is a 7ft big man who prefers to shoot a streaky jumper and can't post up.
foxx7777::Mullens has become a better rebounder and is learning how to play with his back to the basket on offense. There are actually very few big men in the league with his skill set.
TCluvcarpanthers::Thanks for Mullens, btw. We love him in Charlotte (for the most part, lol).
ThatSpiceGurl::ikr lol early in the season I have to admit I thought he was kinda useless but he's got a lotta potential..i'm impressed:)
johnnybasketball693r::the bobcats should change their name to the jordans bulls after this win
johnnybasketball693r::yes
TCluvcarpanthers::You heard her.  She said no.  So no.
AGirlThatLovesSports_::no.
riddler5880::If i were a Magic fan I would just be happy about Vucevic. That's the 1 bright spot. Nobody thought that guy was worth anything when they got him in that trade. He's 3rd in the entire league in double doubles and he's only 22. Lakers got that crybaby who is going to bolt at the end of the season. Sixers got Bynum who hasnt played a single game and his contract expires too. I doubt the Sixers pay Bynum a max deal and there is no way Howard stays with Kobe. Magic got the better of the deal.
riddler5880::No Rockets didnt offer that great of a package. That was exaggerated.  It was reported that they were offering all their prospects and picks and it turned out they were offering a couple guys like Lamb and 1 pick.
Computer_Repair_Man::the Rockets offered a better package them all the teams, and Hennigan turned it down lol
riddler5880::Yeah but they would have had to pay brook Lopez a max contract too when their cap is already screwed up
TCluvcarpanthers::Either way, they were in a terrible condition thanks to Otis Smith.
riddler5880::Yeah but they needed to dump bad contracts too. Duhon on the Lakers and Jason Richardson. Salary cap hell Otis Smith created. Rashard Lewis, Gilbert Arenas, Jason Richardson, Duhon, Turkoglu. They had all these guys with awful deals they had to shuffle around. They still have to wait another year to rid themselves of Hedo
TCluvcarpanthers::They wouldn't have taken back those bad contracts in Al Harrington and others and Arron Afflalo and the Nets I'm pretty sure were willing to take back Hedo.
TCluvcarpanthers::They could've had Brook Lopez, Marshon Brooks, and 4 1st round draft picks but I regress...  But Vucevic is a beast.
tarheel11104::Go Bobcats! Great win.
Leader Of The Grape Soda Exiles::Bobcats won?  ... oh, against the Magic...  Holy crap! They beat the Magic!?
DrinkingAForty::Nice win for the HornCats!
digbicksam::BOBCATS WIN!!! BOBCATS WIN!!! THE CHARLOTTE BOBCATS WIN!!!
LaMarcus Aldridge::Bobcats win again?!  =-O
yanksonfire27::Dude relax. The Cats didn't win. The Magic lost. Reality check on aisle 4. Next.
TCluvcarpanthers::No, the Cats won.
yanksonfire27::Who the f is Bryon Mullens ? When he plays against the Magic he looks like Larry Bird.
foxx7777::He left Ohio State after his freshmen year. Bobcats got him in a trade with OKC. OKC made a huge mistake letting him go.
chris johnson 558::celtics also
chris johnson 558::nikola vucevic future allstar
joest2003::Walker for Most Improved?
yanksonfire27::A Magic fan drains a half court heave and the team can't hit the side of a barn with a beach ball.
chris johnson 558::and believe me when i say that we will beat Dallas tomorrow
yanksonfire27::Dude put down the pipe and back away from the bottle of Jack.
yanksonfire27::Redick is going to the Bulls for useless draft picks. Next.
steelersbobcatsredsox::first quarter - amazing offense second quarter - good offense, great defense third quarter - an abortion fourth quarter - good on both sides of the ball
Aceman3223::Magic should never be a 5 point favorite. Idc who they are playing.
yanksonfire27::How about against a high school girls volleyball team ?
yanksonfire27::Tomorrow night JJ plays his last game in a Magic uniform = FACT.
OPENLYUGLY::Who'd want him after tonight?
chris johnson 558::so
JH1176::<b>Jordan looked good in his Gerald Henderson mask today. Even Uncle Drew is jealous.</b>
Aceman3223::Under 198 (lock)
AvengedByCats::Good game Magic. Congrats to that Magic fan who won $1,000.
yanksonfire27::I looked up the word TANKING in the dictionary and right there beside the definition was a picture of Hennigan and Mo Vaughn side by side.
OPENLYUGLY::YOU IDIOTS WANT NELSON................................... THERE YA GO FOOLS! If this doesn't WAKE YOUR SORRY -ZZ UP....................................... NOTHING WILL!!!
chris johnson 558::nelson can't defend any pg in the nba we need to trade him or waive that garbage
steelersbobcatsredsox::this game just shows why kemba is my favorite bobcat, no other player on the team can perform in the 4th quarter in close games as consistently  as kemba
AGirlThatLovesSports_::Yeah Sessions plays pretty well in clutch situations
AvengedByCats::Sessions doesn't play bad in the 4th.
AGirlThatLovesSports_::CARDIAC KEMBA DOES IT AGAIN!!!!!!!!
goldenlosers::come on orlando close the doors. no more basketball for a pathetic team like that.
TCluvcarpanthers::KEMBAAAAAAAAAA ARE YOU KIDDING ME
AvengedByCats::Who needs passing, right?
AGirlThatLovesSports_::LMAOO KEMBA!!!!!!
OPENLYUGLY::PG's!
OPENLYUGLY::This should put the Magic at #30 in the power rankings.
Navy Squid45::Heck yes!!!
BornRedskin84::The Magic would agree
TCluvcarpanthers::Redick killed the Magic tonight.  Loooooooool and to think I got into a debate whether he was better than Jamal Crawford or not.
trizzo23::for 1 game? no
KCmizzou852::can both teams stop scoring please
AGirlThatLovesSports_::GOOD ISH WALKER!!!! GREAT FINISH HENDO!!!!!!!!!!
Navy Squid45::It must suck to live In either Carolina's got no good teams
OPENLYUGLY::Nelson is useless out there.
BornRedskin84::Time to turn on the Gators game on ESPN
Navy Squid45::No they will fall again
BornRedskin84::The Indiana Mich State is still on. Indiana looks like they will hold #1
Navy Squid45::Go Gators!!!
OPENLYUGLY::The youngters did fine, it's the VETS like Redick and Nelson that killed the Magic.
trizzo23::redick bad shooting night...
trizzo23::good job magic..play hard add to ping pong ball total
trizzo23::wash pass magic if magic win...2nd most ping pong balls
Navy Squid45::Sure will good luck to Charlotte there gonna need it after almost losing it to my lowly Magic lol
trizzo23::no just no blowout
TCluvcarpanthers::Lol, you wanted the win more.
TCluvcarpanthers::KEMBA
trizzo23::bad bad call
OPENLYUGLY::YES REFS!
9edr0::oh boy this is gonna be one of those near heart attack games
trizzo23::come on andrew..go magic!
