martymcfly1984::I gotta say tho u Wizard fans are smoking dope if u think this team is going to make the playoffs
YeahTerps420::and as a Wizards fan I gotta say ....  Thanks for the compliment.
RogerBraun::Straight to the top like a Bullett!
melvin887::Wizards baby
martymcfly1984::u called it kid lol The Wiz beat my battered Bulls but we've been winning dispite it. Anyway The Wiz kicked my Bulls a$$ and way to stand by ur team
YeahTerps420::Wiz &gt; Lakers &gt; Burnt Toast &gt; Heat
Damn It Jim::Wiz Kids = CHAMPIONSHIIIP!  HAIL TO THE REDSKINS!
metall1c1ne::before the season started and before Wall got injured I thought this team could possibly be a playoff team..but injuries derailed that, they are better than their record when completely healthy...Wall, Nene, Seraphin, Booker, Beal, Crawford...they have some talent
stickman555xxx::right with ya---i say they play above .500 rest of the year----they went from terrible guards (they were starting temple and livingston---d league guys) to a top flight guy in wall who collapses defenses in transition like nobody else---his defensive speed alone is a huge asset
Chi-townfan23::LOL to all the Wizard fans thinking they will go to the playoffs.
troublewizskins::it's all good.... we get a high draft pick for this upcoming draft and that will only help us more
metall1c1ne::not this year...too late
Chi-townfan23::The Bulls just play bad when playing worse competition.
Thechi-gurl::Yes, it's so predictable.  You'd think Thibs would be better prepared for it.  Makes me think this problem starts with him.  He needs to "do his job."
adavisrc09::Bad night for the top teams in the East last night
dsp_800::ROFLMAO at Derrick BLOWS.
mjtothemax3::derrick didn't play last night thanks for playin
LookielouE1707::Wizards finish 28-12, catch Boston for the 8 seed at 39-43, sweep the Heat out of the first round, go on to sweep the Lakers in the Finals.  No, wait, LeBron will probably win one game against them.
Real Deal Beal::the lakers? lawl...
Chipowsky::Imagine how good they might have been if they had a clue on draft day.  Both of their 2011 1st round draft picks are frequently DNP, coaches decisions.  How Ernie Grunfeld is still this team's GM is baffling.  Before him Wes Unseld was the worst GM ever.  Michael Jordan was also terrible when he was president of the Wizards.  He personally selected Kwame' Brown with the 1st overall draft choice..
stickman555xxx::actually, wes was not a terrible talent evaluator---he was an awful coach-----its john nash that really started them downward in 1986 when they fired bob ferry and hired him---nash is the worst gm the league ever saw, a failure in several stops-----grunfeld has been awful through the years but however he got here, the current roster with wall is pretty good
LookielouE1707::Wizards' draft history is embarrassing.
Chipowsky::Same with the John Wall pick.  There was a lot of consensus on picking him #1.
Real Deal Beal::so is the clippers, til blake griffin (which was obviously the best player in that draft and they had the number 1 pick).
GoTigers2015::"Surging Washington Wizards"
FahrenbrookCt::Bucks&gt; Bulls
JordanFadeAway::lmfao
martymcfly1984::lmmfao easy to say that and the Bucks are 7th in the east and the Bulls are 3rd without Deng and former MVP Derrick Rose. Yeah the Bucks are &gt; than the Bulls
Arigato Mr. Roboto::listen heat and bulls fans, please don't fight over who the Wizards beat worse, just feel honored.   You're welcome!  :-)
hominyfalls::Thibs would make a great assistant coach!!  the Bulls suck on the second night of back to back games....  Thibs won't look at the end of the bench for ANY games- wins by 15+- Lu was averaging 42 minutes per game-  no wonder the Bulls suck on the second game of back to backs- Thibs is too afraid to let young players develop during games- god forbid they might lose one regular season game but become stronger for the playoffs......
Olliebasketballs::Right. They suck so bad they are 10 games over .500
Alias2425::Hey, the Boston Sell-Tix are the number eight seed now, and the Wizards no longer the dredge of the Conference. Keep kickin' butt if for no other reason than to try to catch 'em AND to teach all those arrogant MFN other teams that the season is long, and we won't be your trash anymore. Climb that Wall WIZ!
TJa980::Yeah I know it's great to see them climb out of the bottom of the standings
Alias2425::Short time ago their record was like like Zero and Forty. Sad franchise (not counting the Bullets- a real man's name for a team), but that is what it was - a climb.
knicks_112ndcoming::HAHHAH
LEBRON OWNS ALL::Rofl your team got pounded too.
bigkwame2001_::Wizards rule!
And I Feel Fine::Wizards.  How?
Al bundy 5t67::Wizards are 6-3 since Wall's return  i wonder what would have happened to their season if they were healthy for a majority of it
Real Deal Beal::50 wins.
mchery25::Lo are u fuking serious?
Kev2877::Been rough the past few years but love seeing my Wizards doing well w/ everyone back, go WSH!
melvin887::wizards will get that 8th spot
Kev2877::Not a big deal for me, I'd rather us get really good than be stuck in mediocrity at the 8th seed
Sportaddition1314::Still won't make the playoffs.
TJa980::Just 8.5 games back. Anything can happen. All they have to do is get back to .500
DougFreshESPN::never out of it in the East....
-Lalabye-::Lebron won half a ring $@%! heat fans...  He played 3 quarters of the season because he can't play in the fourth
Cowboys N Spurs Dynasty::lol
PartTimeHomer::I have no horse in this Lebron sucks race .. but that's a ridiculous assertion. How far do the Heat get without Lebron during that ring run? I'll wait.
FoxKat93::That's not the argument.
LEBRON OWNS ALL::Bulls choke in the playoffs.
MJWizards4Life::How does that crow taste Bulls fans?
FoxKat93::What crow???
Real Deal Beal::he thought he was on the baltimore and new england board.
LEBRON OWNS ALL::Bow down to the Heat Bulls fans
sportsnu36::Naaaahh,you're doing a fine job at it already.
Thechi-gurl::yes, with our arses towards miami
Chi-townfan23::NO thanks!!
Shay Jacuzzi::If the Wizards make the playoffs, Will John Wall be the MVP?!
Real Deal Beal::its hard to play at an all star level when you average 22 mpg after an injury and have only started 2 games...
Shay Jacuzzi::Its possible unless they decide to tank and go for the draft
PartTimeHomer::Anything's possible. Not everything's realistic. He's not even playing at an all-star level. If he ends the year averaging 30 - 5 - 10 AND the Wizards make the playoffs .. sure. Why not.
Eric28039::If the Wizards make the playoffs John Wall would be a miracle worker.
LEBRON OWNS ALL::no
LEBRON OWNS ALL::Heat all day scrubs
JordanFadeAway::the heat are scrubs??
LEBRON OWNS ALL::The Bulls are a joke.
Thechi-gurl::Seems to me miami has dropped a few to the Wizards.  I guess they must be a joke too.
Robert156877::You are so right.  They have been without their best player all year and have the third best record in the East.
ArticSquarecle::Lebron will be a Pelican in two years.
joro_60622@yahoo.com::Lebron is a Pelican already....mas puto!
JordanFadeAway::bulls might not be full of superstars, might lose to bad teams, might not be better then the heat, but we got derrick rose..doubt rose all you want, doubt the bulls all you want..one day rose is goin to be great...and for the bandwagon heat fans,,deep down inside you know you wanna be part of success so you go ahead and go out of your way to bandwagon...goodluck
Sportaddition1314::Don't disrespect Rose by saying that one day he will be great...already there my friend.
MJWizards4Life::How does that Crow taste?
Chi-townfan23::He is sure better than John Wall and we will see who makes the playoffs.
BiG12L::hows that dick taste you $@%
CUBAN HONEY.::Wiz beat Miami in the beginning of the year when Miami was coasting  You're supposed to be playing your best basketball right about now.
FoxKat93::Excuses.
mchery25::Remember that as* whooping we gave the wiz?
Eric28039::Wiz beat Miami without Wall.  At least the Bulls were playing the Wiz at full strength.
Chipowsky::Luol Deng?
redman5892::Who cares. They both lost. Stop comparing the two.
Jendodude::WHY DO WE BEAT ALL THE GOOD TEAMS AND LOSE TO THE $@%!$@ ONES??????
Sportaddition1314::Still a $@%! team and Bulls should not have lost...ridiculous!
ovechkinsgoal::wizards record is deceptive.  they were without wall and nene for most of the season.  it's not rocket science. they are better with them.
ovechkinsgoal::a healthy wizards team is an 8th seed.  wall, beal, webster, nene, okafor  not spectacular, but certainly a helluva lot better than 11-31.  they may end up with 30 wins.
381whyman::86- 73 ....must have been one of the most exciting games of the year. when is the replay on tv?
Oh haro der::Wizards &gt; Bulls  -FACT
FoxKat93::Series is 1-1.
Real Deal Beal::I remember you. Dumb $@% pats fan.
Oh haro der::Haha, Chicago sucks.  Wizards just beat them down good
shehzadn::"You gotta get ready for everybody. ... When you start taking shortcuts, the results aren't gonna be good."   What an arrogant $@%!$
FoxKat93::Who?
Phil81977::don't worry bulls..deng and drose will be back soon enough.
A Cane Thang::"HEAT LOST TO THE WIZ TOO!"   LOL NOT BY 13
A Cane Thang::Then stop trying to justify a loss with ours.
FoxKat93::Didn't try. We both loss to the same team we should have beat--it is what it is and nothing more. Heat fans excuse it with, "They were just coasting." Bulls fans say, "They didn't play like they should have." We hold our team accountable and Heat fans don't.
FoxKat93::A loss is a loss--stop trying to justify it. And it was on your home court as well.
DC.Rebels.KR::What are the wizards doing winning now? Lol I thought they would pack it up for next year but great to see the team play with some heart out there
Shawnpmuth4::the wizards also loss their back pg who was going to fill in for wall. Ariza for a time. and Nene for a while.... those are huge loses.
FoxKat93::Wall is back. That reminds me, people believe the Bulls were supposed to play like the Wizards without Rose.
BestBagelEver::J-NOAH MVP
toshsghost::Wall finally seems to be taking a step in the right direction as far as being a leader on the floor.  Not worrying about getting his, and just doing what it takes to get W's.  Now, who on this roster is going to stick around for the next 5 years &amp; help continue to build this thing?  DC can equal the next OKC.  Young, hungry, &amp; team oriented.
redman5892::They still need a Durant though...and maybe a Westbrook. Wall is good, Nene is decent, Beal hasn't shown much. They're along way from being the next thunder
nelll504::Beal hasn't shown much?? C'mon now...
PartTimeHomer::Beal's shown plenty. Don't know what league you've been following. Early season rookie struggles while half the team was injured really don't count. He's been pretty much money lately and he's probably playing with an injured wrist right now.
DX_Hoo::JOHN. WALL. JOHN. WALL.
RFunk90::Chicago Bulls: Beating the Knicks and Celtics on the reg, but losing to the Wizards, Bobcats and Hornets in the same season
Wiz4life1::Wizards also beat Nuggets, Blazers, Heat, Thunder, now Bulls they have played good against good teams.
FoxKat93::&lt;.500 teams are the Bulls kryptonite.
Wiz4life1::I think the Heat have a good three year shot at three titles. D wade is losing his legs, while Lebron is entering his prime, and yes he is getting better.. I want the Bulls to win a title I hope Rose recovers.. I remember Gilbert screwed his career with that injury lost all explosion in his legs. If Rosé can make a complete comeback I think they are the team to beat, too much talent on that team. As far as the Knicks go, they have to hope Jason Kidd can play at a high level to have a chance to succeed. Carmelo needs to be more of a leader and less of a scorer, if he gets his teammates involved more they should make to eastern conference finals, the east is really weak this year.
FoxKat93::At best, the Heat have three years, but this team can't go that far with the cap situation and Wade's inevitable decrease of play. I'm excited for the Bulls because they have the best long term success of most teams the others being OKC and perhaps the Clips.
RFunk90::These games that should be wins will definitely cost them down the road for playoff seedings.
FoxKat93::Lost to the Bobcats on a Monday, and then beat the Heat on a Friday. Makes complete sense. lol
Wiz4life1::I am a Wizards fan we took the Celtics to OT twice without Wall Celts are old and breaking down. The future of eastern conference are Bulls and Heat.
FoxKat93::The Heat only have year or two left in them. What is your thoughts on the Knicks?
NO HOMO...::<b> Beating the Great Chicago Bulls = Wizards Championship  LMAO. I would be mad too if I was a Wizards fan. Every year lottery. </b>
Wiz4life1::Miami has the worst fans in the NBA you can't even hear them threw the TV!
nelll504::Ok, thanks for the edit.
nelll504::I hate to sit here and defend the wizards. They stink. But get your facts straight. They have a championship.
LosHeatSonLosMejores17::Bulls are GA R B A G E!!!!
Wiz4life1::I recall a time when the Heat were 15-67 2007-2008 and only 7000 fans showed up a night. Miami is a front running town they only support there good teams, while the Wizards have sucked for years and yet we average 15k fans a game.
LosHeatSonLosMejores17::Their*
FoxKat93::Remember "fan up".
NO HOMO...::Wizards shouldn't even be in the NBA
Washyourmouthitsdirty::I am, I not going lie...
Wiz4life1::Why are there so many Heat fans on Wizards-Bulls Page? Scared of the Bulls much?
LosHeatSonLosMejores17::At all,,,,,,,,,,,Miami coasting to best record in East.  Starting to get their legs under them.........  Whatch out in the playoffs!!
UNC Tarheels28501::Bulls are up and down. Beat great teams and lose to subpar teams.
FoxKat93::All I need is for the Pacers to lose.
