Eric::Hopefully this game is what Rose needs to shake him out of the bull in a china shop mode. I know he wants to show everyone his knee is OK. He did that in the preseason, time to get back to playing basketball, and stop forcing every touch into a drive to the basket. He's desperate, and the refs know it and aren't giving him any calls, even when he is fouled. Also, his desperation to drive and finish is causing all the turnovers, which is what lost the game against Philly. Nice game by the Sixers, but huge 'assist' to Rose for turning the ball over so many times late in the fourth quarter...
Joseph::76ers are on a roll! the Miami Heat and the Chicago Bulls lost to this team. Maybe Philly has the talent to make it to the play-offs this year.
James T::As a Bulls fan I really don't like how Rose plays point he holds ball too long and needs to get everyone more involved and those turnovers in the 4th really helped the Bulls lose but that aside Philly looked pretty good
Tommy::Not surprising.
Rico M::Evan Turner not having any contract extension talks with the Sixers is probably what will keep him motivated to play hard this year.. Maybe its what the GM had planned all along. He could possibly be a trading chip to move up during the draft.
mark::Chicago Bulls preseason World Champions! Regular season chumps!
Greno::Great start for sixers, it great to know that these kids are taking the challenge very seriously and proving everybody wrong. Though its too early to say that this team is for real, the season will be a lot more challenging as teams get to improve midway of the season. Will see if they can hang on to it and hopefully no injury will interfere their run if ever.
Joe N::I really did not see this coming but to all those post that said phila was not going to win this game because the bulls were on a roll what happened.
Cyril::Philadelphia, you're doing it all wrong!  You should have lost 60 of your first 72 games, and THEN gone on a 10-game winning streak at the end of the season. That way no one would accuse you of tanking.  Now when you actually start losing games, the tanking accusations are going to be even harder to deny.
Mj Oskar::Sparta where are you. Your team recently lost to Philly.
