csmeech::Almost losing to the nets?!  Wow.  That's embarassing.  Hang your head in shame Hawks fans.  Hawks have been exposed as imposters!
mlevkowitz::So Josh Smith has been tearing it up against below-par competition, potentially once again making those outside of Atlanta forget the player he really is over the course of a season. Orlando offers Dwight Howard (17.8 mil) and JJ Redick (6.5) for Josh Smith (12 mil) and Al Horford (12 mil). Atlanta fans; would you want your GM to say yes or no? My justification for that trade plus three others for Smith -&gt; http://nyfwc.com/?p=3256
csmeech::LOL...yeah. That will happen.  Like the Magic would trade him to a team in their division so they could face him all season.  Geez.  Get real and get a grip.  THERE IS NO CHANCE HE BECOMES A HAWK!
ASIK_AND_DESTROY::nets blow
epicbenz::the trailblazers will win the NBA CHAMPIONSHIP
csmeech::Oh great.   Another comedian
wildcatman78::$@%!$@
wildcatman78::retard
SECiscollegefootball2012::Howard will never be a Net...watch and see.... he really does love the city he's in
csmeech::Deron will be wearing a Magic uniform.
whatsdoing::i understand that nobody cares about the nets and deron williams is all but gone (expect deron williams to be traded after the all star break)...  but the nets really got a good player in marshon brooks.
J-SMOOVE2015::Yahoo! Sports: Dwight Howard expects to be in a Magic uniform during All-Star Game and possibly longer.
jimmyjam289::DW must gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo.
jroll01971::the sixers in serious talks with orlando for howard andre iguodala and elton brand and 2 number 2 and a 1st round pick for dwight howard? is this true
csmeech::he won't be a Net.  That is just a suicidal move for his career.  The team is already awful.  Then the Nets have to give up all their draft picks and better players.  Just having Howard and Deron is not a good team.  Without draft pics and any available cap room, deron and dwight would have no support for many years to come.  It would screw Howard out of ever getting a ring.
whatsdoing::no way is that true... orlando might as well wait for brooks lopez to get back and take the nets deal if that is the case.
wasted_101::source
J-SMOOVE2015::i cant find it anywhere.  total bs.
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Probably not. They should still with their own core.
J-SMOOVE2015::I will take a win anyway I can get it.  New Jersey hit 11/22 from downtown and we still won.  GO HAWKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
genjeskhan::how much longer before the nets trade dwill?
greg94327::Good performance by the Hawks barely escaping the Nets and holding them to 101
tbone3117::What's going on with D-Will? That guy was awesome in Utah. His shooting percentage is pathetic!
greenbayrodgers314::Stop hating on J-Smoove he's a stud.
timhurst13::dislike
Joeschmo loves Heat::Do people even care what Atlanta does anymore? Seriously, their "best" players are all a joke. Joe Johnson (overrated $@% that can't match up well against anyone)... Josh Smith (though the most athletic of the three, takes stupid shots and makes terrible decisions)... Al Horford (making more money than most players only to be outplayed by all those players).  This core has to go before Atlanta does anything significant. Making it into the playoffs is fine but if you ever expect to actually compete for at least an Eastern Conference Champion spot, this team needs a makeover and a complete front office overhaul.
91Gmoney9009::The Hawks are different from every other team in the NBA. We do not have a superstar, we have 5 really great players. Most teams have 1 or 2 superstars and put decent core players around them. I like the chemistry of this Hawks team and I will take 5 great players over 1 superstar all day. This my friend is why Atlanta has an advantage and the reason that they are 7-3.
YANKEE720602::you, kind Sir, are having a problem with Atlanta's team?   Your name tells us you love the heat.........so here is VERY GOOD advice for you to carry through the rest of your life..............Watch your team with all the passion you can........root for them the best you can.......and for petes sake......stop ridiculing individuals you have NO ASSOCIATION WITH....it simply proves how much of an A--S--S you truly are, hate is am epidemic in this world, and you are obviously SERIOUSLY EFFECTED!!!!!
Mudvaynian573::Im sure there are quite a few teams in the east who would love for atlanta to 'rehaul' and drop off the face of the eastern conference... I'll take 2nd round exits every year over not making the playoffs.
timhurst13::Saban 3:16 says " I JUST WHIPPED YOUR AS$"
PresleyCutchTabata::good game Hawks fans, quite the battle
barneymillerjr::Sucks when your #2 guard leads your team in rebounds.  No interior presence.  Have you guys seen Humphries try to drive the lane? If he wasn't 6'10" he would never sniff an NBADL 12th man roster spot.  That dude is horrible.  I dont see how King can build a roster with these players.  If you keep Deron pick up Howard via trade or FA, who else would you get?  Team is horribly put together. Poor Avery Johnson thought he was getting a team that will re-build via FA.  All he gets is a wait until next year.  I say you should've kept Favors and the picks.  You would've had a young and possibly exciting team moving into Brooklyn.
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::HAHA, TOO LATE!! GO KNICKS!!
kstatebacker::i wanna see more ivan johnson
YANKEE720602::Radmonovich is a SHOOTER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!      And Johnson is a HUSTLER....................REALLY enjoying watching the HAWKS!!!!!!!
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::SH IT IN ONE HAND, WANT IN THE OTHER
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::ALL THE "GOOD" TEAM BOARDS ARE FULL OF SPAM, SO IM HERE.
CosmoKramer1444::How does Ivan Johnson play 2 minutes?
jimmyjam289::What a joke---- DW was the worse shooter again tonight-- with 6 of 17 shooting-------- and although Vlad on ATL shot only 4-11-- all of them were from downtown. DW should Gooooooooooooooooooooooo Away.  And take your ball with ya'--- we don't need your bad vibes and take your bad karma with ya when ya leave.   CHECK the Box Score--- every NET shot near or over 50 %---- except Mr Premadonna DW.
jimmyjam289::DW is poor excuse for an NBA player---- he should NOT be talking about his teams poor performance when HE is the main reason for stinking up every arena he plays in..He is a Chump.  As it is right now--- the Nets couldn't get a six pack of Red Bull for this dogger. That is what he is----- yeah right---- he's a dog. He dogs it soooooo much that he forgot how to play----- He owes the Nets and the fans $$$$ for playing like a shadow of the player he once was....... He is BD---- Bad Karma----he must be sent away....
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::STAY OFF THE CAFFINE!
PW-52::Why would Dwight Howard want to come to this team? Especially since Deron Williams has looked like garbage this year.
big1234556::I know Atlanta was going to win this. go hawks?????
jimmyjam289::DW should shut his mouth-- again the PREmadonna shot lousy-- 6 of 17 from the field --- the only thing he did right was to dish off- and get the ball OUT of his own hands and into the hands of others in a Net Uniform with 14 assists.    He should be ordered by Coach AJ to Pass Pass Pass Off-- because his poor shootin and tootin is hurting his team and Pissin them off.   How can this fool of a player walk around and blame the whole team for poor performance when he should be ashamed of his own poor play .   This guy has got to be showin' the door---- Leave DW Please leave as soon as possible. You are hurting this team Not Helping- you are Not Da Man--- Remember that-- You are NOT Da man.  You can't cut it.  Give it up--- Word.
tbone3117::He's a great player! Not sure what's going on with him this season in NJ but in Utah he was great.
nets51534::I think every team would take him
mcb5062::Hmmm...  Clippers Celtics Suns Bulls Thunder Rockets Cavs Spurs Wizards...  Just to name a few that I doubt would be interested
ATLien4ever::wow if thats how you feel Im sure there are about 25 teams that will gladly take him
FormulaOner::Nets should be actively trying to trade Deron Williams. The guy doesn't want to play for the team, always acts like he's above it...and blows way too hot and cold. He's checked out mentally on the season, and is an ineffective leader at this point. Trade him for a ransom and build around MarShon.
tbone3117::We want Deron back in Utah!!! Send him this way please.
ATLien4ever::build around MarShon...lol
mcb5062::I just don't think he's worth too much right now...A lot of the big market teams either have a vet or a young stud..or don't want to risk picks for a guy who has played like he wants to retire.
Jordan81188::Does anyone know why Mcgrady only played 9 minutes??
Jordan81188::Yea it just sucks because he looked so good in the first Miami game last week.
Jordan81188::I meant held back because of the sore knee..
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::Gotcha now but you originally said sore knee or etc.. etc...
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::I don't think he is being held back, he's not some out of control rookie. What reason would Coach Drew hold him back??  I suspect maybe that knee is flaring up a bit or the game circumstances just didn't allow his presence enough.
Jordan81188::Oh I see...Thanks!
ATLien4ever::he hit knees with someone in the Miami game, but with the energy Radman is playing with its prob just hard to find T Mac the minutes.  Im sure he is enjoying the break, soon there will be more pressure on him to take some of Joe's minutes
Jordan81188::Yea I know I was wondering if it was because of the sore knee or if he is just being held back now
mcb5062::There's a new rule that you can only play 1 minute for every 10 years you've been alive.
ATLien4ever::he didn't play much during the Chicago game either
reggieinatl::Fun Fact: The Hawks only won the 1st quarter. The Nets won the last 3.
Demonjoe93::Fun fact: Hawks won.
ATLien4ever::I didn't catch the game tonight, but from the looks of the box score Teague outplayed another one of the Leagues best PG's.  He is one of the most under rated players in the NBA
mcb5062::Well they can't make josh smith miss free throws game after game..only he can get paid millions and miss shot after shot
YANKEE720602::another Hater?   LOL......I know, I know, I am sure you would make at least 5% more of your shots if you played for the Hawks..............
ATLien4ever::Bad refs is something I almost expect now, and the Hawks should too.  I'll have to catch the highlights and see what happened
mcb5062::that and williams is a little girl...he doesn't play to his potential. Ever since he came to the nets he's acted like a victim..like he should be playing on a better team..but he decided to show up last minute and hit a few worthless threes
lasvgsjoe::You missed a rigged finish....the refs almost gave the game away.
ninjapik::that was bs
d-nyce-::Blame Josh Smith.. The guy missed 2 crucial free throws.  Like at least make one of two.
mcb5062::every shot he takes is a few inches inside the 3 point line...he's so athletic but has no brain...plays like an idiot.
Rezo201::You won the game...
mcb5062::they won a game...against the nets...but watch the heat game without wade or james or the game against chicago..he takes stupid shots and can't make a ft.
mcb5062::agreed....he is the reason the hawks are losing games.
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::Kinda scary at the end but a win is always good. Good game Nets, you guys are progressing along game to game. HAWKS!!
FormulaOner::Marshon brooks will become a star in the league. The Nets are just a horrible team..no improvement from last year. Avery has to be asking questions
FormulaOner::Yea, ive lost Deron Williams, he's not playing like he gives a damn. Clearly angling for a move to Dallas or LA
Rezo201::The injuries and the star pg having one step out the door aren't helping either.
mcb5062::I guess by letting anybody that's open shoot any shot they want....I will never bet hawks again...they roll over all the time.
mcb5062::so cool
rlgibson21::stop crying btch
rlgibson21::thx man just stop crying like a lil btch.....btch
mcb5062::you're so cool trolling
mcb5062::how do you blow a 12 point lead in 2 minutes....
mcb5062::the nets scored 10% of their points in the final 2 minutes..pretty terrible
d-nyce-::don't speak to me the way you would speak to your mother.  I am not the one buddy.
rlgibson21::your so cool
rlgibson21::stop fkin crying btch;)
d-nyce-::I saw it at 13 at one point.  I know this is crazy.  I am seriously considering quitting right now.
lasvgsjoe::Yep, it was 100-88...and then the nets needed a hand job and pity from the refs...since their sorry self is heading to brooklyn next season.
lasvgsjoe::exactly...I think the refs got some hand jobs from the nets.
Mr.Highlight-Reel::HAWKS!!!!!!
TH aka Doughboy::at least marshon did good, got that kid on my fantasy team x)
rmrmets::Hey it beats the opening night debacle when they lost by like 40
lasvgsjoe::yep..nets got some big $@%! tonight...Atl up 12 and somehow wins by 5...
Mudvaynian573::Well played nets... with effort like that you should have no troubles making the play offs this year... especially with the Knicks being so turrrrible
J-SMOOVE2015::huh?
rlgibson21::fk barkley
MetropolitanBronco::Finally break a 100 and still can't win...some pathetic $@%!!
rlgibson21::Sahil whats poppin man!?!
rlgibson21::yay;);););););)
J-SMOOVE2015::BYE BYE NETS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
rmrmets::Cover Nets Cover
J-SMOOVE2015::MAKE 1 FT AND THE GAME IS OVER.
Bostoner1212::Hahah concur!!!
rlgibson21::i swear if we miss two and go into OT...
Bryce9867::we need to to cover 6
