NuggetsFearWarriors::minnesota could've drafted curry but passed him up, not once, but twice with the 5th and 6th pick. warriors got him with the 7th pick which was nellie's last great move.
SpursManiac4Ever::Ok, let's get real Heat fans; (I know we are on a Spurs board); out of the 24 win streak, you have beaten 7 playoff caliber teams; most of which are in the weak Eastern Conference; so no, I am not impressed by the "streak". Not to mention you had some luck and questionable ref calls in the streak.  smh  But go ahead and get your heads all swelled up before the playoffs; it will make your fall from grace that much sweeter to the rest of the NBA.
NOVABuffalo::I'm one Spurs fan that believes the win streak is impressive, but all fans would trade that for a championship.
GSG7007::The Heat could potentially be cultivating an attitude, very similar to what the Lakers have had in years past, that they can flip a switch whenever they're "ready" and take over the game (thanks to teams like Cleveland, up 27 and lose by 3 to the team that stole your water.  Sad)  In the playoffs, sometime that switch gets broke and won't work no more.
joemcleod83::Someone is bound to hit a game winner eventually. One bounce of the ball could have given them 5 or 6 losses during this streak.. Luck has played a HUGE factor..
SpursManiac4Ever::Watching Jemele Hill is like nails scratching a chalkboard......   yuk !!!
davidsan1001::Ya'll did it, damn it!
Name Changed to Protect the Innocent::Duncan is killing it this year. Best PF ever.  Thunder got beat again, looking the Spurs are the obvious team to beat now.
csaeteurn::As a Warriors fan, you're right about Duncan. God I hate him, and hes old as heck, but gotta give it up to him. The guy is still going strong
MidnightMary0320::Next week; the Spurs will have a chance to end two winning streaks, the Nuggets and the Heat!!
luvnbayes::Denver for sure, because the Spurs will have 2 days rest before they play that game, and the Spurs record the last 3 seasons with 2 or more days of rest is something like 31-2 (not sure exactly, but you get the point).
SpursManiac4Ever::I want it to be us that ends both streaks; because I know even though ESPN will still pay us no attention, it will plant that small seed of doubt in both teams' minds come playoff time.
SpursManiac4Ever::Done deal !!! Then watch the morons at ESPN talk about the Flakers.....   LOL
8486Chase::This is our year!!! Suck it stern and slam
Ivanov21::Tim Duncan ... Stats over the last 5 games : 24pts, 13 rebs, 3 assists, 2,5 blks , 60%FG, 92% FT ... and now remember he'll be 37 in a month Yes,go on ... bow down!
Ivanov21::I forgot to add his stats over the last 10 games : 20 pts, 11 reb, 2,9 assists, 2,7 blks, 56% FG in 31min/game.. NOW bow down..Oh, you're still on the floor.. GOOD! bow harder !!
Ivanov21::I agree, his defense is stellar and most important to the team. He has a lot of spring in his legs again when fighting for rebounds, getting blocks.. it's really amazing to watch him play at this level again.
luvnbayes::He should be the first team All-NBA center.  He is absolutely kicking everyone's behind.  And the stats don't tell his real worth, that he is (STILL) the best help defender in the league.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Another vintage Timmy performance.
phanmchau::why did spurs fans boo Richard Jefferson?
I hate Jerry Jones::I kind of feel bad that he was booed...I'm glad as hell he's gone but he didn't deserve that
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Because he didn't really fit the Spurs scheme and was a disappointment in San Antonio.  I don't think he should have been booed though, it just wasn't a good fit.
wrecko22::4 points from the center position, some things will never change
Victoryisallmine::Tim Duncan: The Ageless Wonder
DeezBrown::I don't see the Warriors slipping down to number 8. 7, maybe but they only play 3 tough games the remainder of the year.
mark48424::I really hope Manu is not a Spur next year. Its time to cut ties with him and get another young player on the bench. He isnt even worth vet minimum at this point. A 36 year old broken down SG. He went 5-16 last night and is a big liability now rather than an asset.
MidnightMary0320::Look when this "fan" joined the forum... nuff said !!  I think he's a troll from either OKC or LA LA land
joemcleod83::The only deserving complaint anyone should have about Manu is he doesn't look confident at all with his 3 point shot..He looks like he is forcing it, hopefully that changes because that is a very important part of his game.
luvnbayes::mark48424 -- let's take the second half last night to show how %#% your post was.  At halftime the Spurs were up by double digits. When Manu entered the game in the 3rd the score was 68-60.  When he was taken out in the 4th the score was 87-76 (+3).  While he was out, GS outscored the Spurs 9-4, making the score 91-85 when went back in.  Final score 104-93 (+5).  Everytime Manu sat in the 2nd half the Spurs lost ground.  Everytime he played, the Spurs gained ground.  A REAL LIABILITY.
MidnightMary0320::This absurd post does not deserve a response..   smh  Obviously NOT a REAL Spurs fan!
luvnbayes::You're absolutely right MIDNIGHT but boy does that $@%! me off.
luvnbayes::Are you out of your mnd?  He's still in the top 30 in the PER rankings, still right with Tony and Tim in the 82games.com standings.  His +/- was better than anyone else's last night, and that 's with him shooting miserably.  The Spurs dynasty ends the day Manu and/or Tim retire.  A big liability?  Ask his 14 teammates and coaching staff.  They would laugh in your face.
joemcleod83::+15 last night in plus/minus and still a top 10(maybe even top 5) shooting guard..He just can't hit a 3 to save his life right now.
joemcleod83::Ru kidding me? Name 5 shooting guards better then him? After Harden, Kobe, and Wade, there is a huge dropoff and he is right there.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::He is not top 5 and top 10 is still a stretch at this point.  But he knows the system, is not a starter, and will probably play for a not too big contract next year.  As long as he doesn't get a long term deal they should re-sign him.
DeezBrown::Sounds like a man that's fed up.
ThunderHornz::Nice work Spurs. Timmy "Man on Fire" Duncan is rolling! Good health!
SpursManiac4Ever::Well thank you Hornz; that was a nice thing to say.
Ivanov21::That Duncan block on Bogut's dunk attempt was serious! Incredible how Duncan is still (or again) one of the best shot blockers in the NBA at nearly 37 years old. Ibaka should take notes.
OSU7575::Why did the fans boo Jefferson? I'm not always on top of off the court news, but from my memory he wasn't the type of guy you boo. He worked hard during his time in San Antonio to retool his game for the Spurs system.  It was one of the very few bad decision the Spurs front office made as he just didn't fit. Doesn't seem right to boo him IMO.
joemcleod83::Agreed, he never sad anything bad about San Antonio, didn't deserve to get booed.
junoNCAL::this losing streak @SA is getting annoying..
ThunderHornz::Lol-you are not alone!
thomascedill::Warriors fan here, and I'd like to see the Spurs go to Finals against the Heat, they may be the only team that can beat them this year. Because honestly, the Warriors this season aren't making past the 2nd round, and if anybody should win this season, it should be the Spurs. One day I hope the Warriors can be as consistent as them. I wish good health to your team and good night Texas and California.
texican_10::Peace
cooltapes777::props to the cities by the bay
SPEN206209::What more can we say about #21 for the Silver &amp; Black? After a couple of fading seasons, he retooled his body and workout regimen---observe the results. Go Spurs Go!!!!!
slam_dunk_on_u::The spurts r overrated
myarome68::man your such a tool, you should just convert to LAC and maybe you wouldnt be so bitter
slam_dunk_on_u::The spurts r overrated
OmniVersal::And here I was thinking an All-Star team barely making the playoffs was considered overrated
Silverio60::Cant wait Nuggs  v Spurs
slam_dunk_on_u::Nuggets will beat the spurts easily
slam_dunk_on_u::Nuggets will beat the spurts easily
tech 99::Tim's last T was from laughing from the sideline bench?
tech 99::April 15, 2007, Timmy's last T and guess who the f'er was the one that T'd him up.... for laughing from the sideline bench
bluekaze21::Bogut :  barreling thru going for the dunk  Duncan : WELCOME TO MY BLOCK PARTY!
cooltapes777::Timmy for DPOY and pinky ring
Walter_Jr_Loves_Breakfast_More_Than_Life_Itself::TD averaging 17 and 10 with 2.6 BPG this season. Very impressive for a player his age.
Jumeax::Timmy  a Better Bastkeball Player, a Better Leader, a nicer Person than Kobe Each  And  Every year since 1997
mccoy3181::Jumeax tells it like it is.  True
vman606::hardly. duncan has been amazing... but, come on.
camronNBA::I admit I'm a die-hard Spurs fan and TD is my favourite player, but how is he not talked about as a top-5 player of all-time? His per/min averages are as good now as they were in his prime showing he can still get it done.    I love Tony and Manu but if anyone thinks TD didn't make those guys what they are by attracting so much attention and allowing them to develop they are fooling themselves.  Timmy was the engine of 4 championship teams, Kobe was an accessory for 3 and leader for 2.  We all know all rings are not created equal, hence the omission of Bob Horry from GOAT discussion so in my mind  MJ - 6 TD - 4 Kobe - 2
Jumeax::thats not counting the Rings Kobe cost the lakers due to his "Leadership"  and its geneorus to attribute Gasol's two rings to Kobe as Leader, give the FG % of Gasol at 59.5% and Kobe at 41% is not really any different from the times with Shaq
vman606::could you be any more clueless about hoops? FG %, really???? that's like me telling you that kobe is better than duncan, shaq and gasol because he has more career three-pointers than all of them. a center SHOULD have a higher FG% than a guard, simply because the center plays much closer to the basket.
bish_plz::SUK ON DAT BISH
txbball21::i like turtles
HK-47.1::Mark Jackson is in over his head. I never liked the signing and still don't. He doesn't even "coach" the team the assistants do.
thomascedill::Warriors fans have been through a lot of coaches over the years, some good and majority bad. Coach Jackson is good and has really changed the culture. He preaches defense, something we'ved lacked for years. You don't know Warrior basketball.
nihkkah::You're an idiot. This is the best they've played in years, an 11 point loss to the best team in the NBA and your saying he is in over his head? Give me a break. We've never played better team defense, and have been in plenty of games with good teams and won our fair share. Take it from someone that has watched the games, we are on the right track, and Jackson has something to do with it.
vman606::"best team in the NBA"? umm... no.
LinHardenParsons::Hand down, Man down.  Mama there goes that man.
HK-47.1::That is probably what he says every time out. Would not be surprised.
BexyIndy55::55 pts. for Duncan in the last two games. Not too bad for the old man.  If he keeps this form the Spurs will be dangerous.
nihkkah::You guys are plenty dangerous. Coming from a GSW fan, i thought we'd take this with parker out, you guys are just better plain and simple.
thedrwolff::try 83 in his last 3 games to go with 44 rebounds and 9 blocks    thats 28-15-3 avgs       no one else in the league has done that for a 3 game stretch
thedrwolff::and he's delivering in the clutch...
Oaktown1029::The West is loaded - 4 really strong teams - Spurs, OKC, Memph, Denv - playoffs are going to great this year!
BGSSGB::my pick still would have been SA but the non biased person in me would be saying OKC softly haha.
BGSSGB::Exactly. I don't care what anyone says.. Martin is a major downgrade when you factor in that experience you were flaking about.
BGSSGB::And to think the Thunder could have been the team to beat had they kept Harden.  I know he would have been a free agent but when you have KD, RW, Ibaka, and other young pieces you sometimes gotta take the hit in losing a player for nothing if you can win a championship.  This wasn't like the magic where he was their best player.
Oaktown1029::I totally agree. They were my pick also until they traded Harden. If not for Bosh's incredible finals, OKC would have won- I thought that one extra year of experience would put them on top not just this year, but string a few titiles  - I think SA, Denv, or Memph can beat them in a 7 game series now.
joeyab10::Pop will rest the starters against the heat to just prove a point.
thedrwolff::actually they have no schedule problems with time until the OKC game.   back to back on the road....that's the one it will be interesting to see who sits with all the marbles riding on the win/loss
Jumeax::didnt you read the "just to prove a point"
BGSSGB::pop don't care if the spurs could ruin their streak. he'd rather be the reason the streak won't mean anything.
Spurs16xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx::GSW sucks!!!!
easyrawlins1::39 wins.  Pretty sure they don't suck.
TWex2120::Hey man easy on em. Most of their fans here are pretty humble
Vega_2012::Duh, thats nothing new
LinHardenParsons::Enjoy Timmy D while you can Spurs fans.  I still miss watching Hakeem.
joeyab10::No I'm talking about hakeem
joeyab10::He just did an interview and my gosh he looks old
TWex2120::Looks old but isnt playing old
TWex2120::I savor every game like its his last. Been watching him since his first game against Denver. Hes made being a Spurs fan awfully easy over the years.
gt1master_ike::If he can be 70% of what Duncan is, I will be happy.
TWex2120::Maybe AD can develop into that guy soon!
gt1master_ike::Hey, my hornets are still searching for that franchise guy who can stay the course. Our last one left a bit prematurely because of the losing ways after Scott got fired.
KatelynFabersLawyer211::I couldn't believe he had to finish his career in Toronto. That was a travesty.
Vega_2012::If Duncan played for a big market he would be in commercials, magazine covers, you name it... But he doesn't get the attention Kobe and Lebron get, even though he's better than both.
vman606::better than both? your ESPN account should be suspended off of that inane comment alone.
madnesslover::Yeah, I'd say Timmy prefers it that way. Sure he might do a commercial here or there if he were in L.A., but most importantly, I don't think he'd want the attention.
polocash::He still could but doesn't want it.
KatelynFabersLawyer211::Well, you sure are one honest Husky!
Vega_2012::woof woof :)
Vega_2012::Thanks San Antonio for beating GSW :)
gt1master_ike::Tim Duncan is a beast. David Lee, keep your head up, young blood.
LinHardenParsons::The way Lee defends, he makes Scalabrini look like a monster.
KatelynFabersLawyer211::You've always had quite the penchant for truth-telling, Master Ike!
gt1master_ike::I try, man.
LinHardenParsons::Rockets and Warriors tied in loss column for the first time this year.
dreballs50::Portland, Utah and Lakers at home all favor the W's. They've already beaten OKC and the Spurs at home too
nihkkah::Lakers have had our number forever, with the way they are playing we'd be fortunate to split. I think our 6th seed is in a little bit of trouble, but I think we can hold on to it.
madnesslover::They've also already lost to the Lakers at home.
LinHardenParsons::Lakers twice, Spurs again, OKC, Portland, Utah.  Not all THAT easy.
dreballs50::the Warriors remaining schedule is much easier than the Rockets. 9home/3road games for the W's
LinHardenParsons::And they own the tiebreaker.
dreballs50::gt.fo
dreballs50::Mark Jackson needs to fired. Him playing Jack over Barnes when Barnes was doing really well and not maxing Curry and Klay's mins in the toughest place to win killed them
nihkkah::Just stop talking dude. You made a point about Barnes, but firing Jackson is a joke. Do you remember that Jack beat the spurs last time they played?
152Dean::Yeah fire Mark Jackson, the guy who has totally changed the identity of the warriors.
TWex2120::How the hell can you even prove something like that dreballs? If management was so good then why has it taken all this time for their sudden improvement?
dreballs50::lol no that would be the new owners who revamped the roster and put Jackson in a good position
Drun2400::Warriors just simply lost to a better team. No shame in losing to the Spurs. We fought until the end.
nihkkah::Amen brother, but we are building on something that is for sure, it was a good game to watch too, we were in it for a good portion of it. I respect the spurs, and most of their fans.
5ammy5ammy5ammy::Master Tim keeps turning back the clock. I LOVE his fire this season. Let's get it done, Spurs.
KatelynFabersLawyer211::HELLS, YEAH!!
Spurz2013champs::NEXT!
WeAreTheMenInBlack::Timmy was beasting again tonight!  GO SPURS GO!!!!!
HK-47.1::I'm a die hard Warrior fan and I don't understand the underratedness of Tim Duncan. He is the greatest PF to ever play the game yet players like Kobe continue to be talked about more. Ever sine Tim Duncan came into the association hes been nothing but greatness.
Richer Than Vince Young::It's not that hard to understand why he doesn't get the love. It's cause he doesn't end up on highlight reels AND doesn't play in a big market compared to LA/NY/MIA. He isn't that flashy, but he is one of the most humblest &amp; greatest to lace'em up.
49ers9::http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/vault/article/magazine/MAG1198491/index.htm
easyrawlins1::Too much Timmy.  Guess the Warriors aren't going to win in San Antone until after Dunc retires.
Spurs16xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx::Manchester Shi.tty aint winning anything this year
bluekaze21::Timmy SHOULD win DPOY.  he is still schooling players a decade younger than him on a nightly basis.
