Bryan::I never check on the Bullets progress as the NBA has become the WWF of professional sports, with no rules followed at all, but I heard that LeBron was going to show that he was not slacking when he played the DC guys, so I just had to check.  And he really thinks that he could play on the same court as Jordan, Kareem, and Larry without looking like a little league player.  What a goofball. If, one day, the NBA starts to enforce the rules they have, maybe I can watch them again.  Until then, they are just a bunch of kids playing in the park without rules or even morals. Please clean it up.  Between Football and Baseball, only Hockey is there, and sometimes, that isn't enough.
Tony::I wonder how the Heat would fare having to play in the Western Conference. Realistically in the East there is one team capable of beating them in the playoffs, and that is, of course, the Pacers. Now put them in the West and their are 4-5 teams capable of it. What ever happened to the East? The Western Conference is much more offense oriented and thus the games are generally easier on the eyes. But, in the end, the Heat are the defending champions and until somebody can beat them in the playoffs it won't matter how many teams in the West are above .500. I am a Portland fan, born and raised here, and even I am surprised that we have done so well. What a difference an offseason can make! I wish Oden the best. Everytime he would go up for a dunk or go block a shot I would cringe because of his knee issues. The Heat could have made the best million dollar investment in league history, or they could deal with the disappointment we had to, season after season. We lost Brandon Roy to knee issues too, and that killed us.
Bryan::Thoughts, part 2,Miami was beaten by the Wiz?  Really?  They need to go home to their parents for spankings because that should make anyone ashamed.
ThirdyDot::Coming from a Miami fan this is beyond embarrassing. I mean the vaunted Miami defense so far is not evident this season and here in this 1st quarter is proof beyond doubt that their defense really deteriorated but hopefully not beyond repair.
Frank::28% on 3's?  Maybe Miami shouldn't be taking 25 of them.
Dennis::Shooting percentage is falling off for the Heat.They need their bench to make baskets.
jackstrat::I am wondering, in these losses, why LeBron does not take over and score the 60 points a game he claims he can produce...
46064::Washington had 7 players in double figures and 30 assists. Miami had 3 in double figures with 22 assists. Washington also out rebounded Miami (no secret there). Pretty good formula for winning against anyone.
Jamison::You haven't lost a critical player to a season ending injury in the past 3 years. Spoiled herbs. Now maybe you understand basketball. Depth??? Depth??? Where???
Kierch::Miami is no good. They are going to be dethroned soon Having their so called superstars arent enough to beat the rising stars of this new generation
