Vincent Ly::there are 2 do-able wishes from me for the Bulls and if they can get these m really excited to watch the bulls game in the playoffs.  1st- DRose can be back a few games before playoffs, 2nd- bring back Nate.  If this happened Bulls don't need to play a lot of mins with Rose, they can star Nate and Rose  can play 23+/- mins.  Nate brings different energy for the bulls games.  With Rose backups in mind bull players will be able to play with their best and getting enough mins, they used to depend 50% on the old Rose to win excellence games in the past. Star Jimmy and made him comfortable.  Boozer and Noah have to keep being that determine and discipline as they are and keep their health up to 100%.  Bulls is not a Drose game any more so Boozer and Noah will be the major focus of the team.  Rose needed 100% team support during this time (when he's down in life due to his bad injury) This is the game I want to see the Bulls Vs Heat.  This is a fair game that I been waiting to see how the result would be.  Each has a good chance.  Pacers will enjoys to watch and learn how to win and how a team loss.  Heat will have another chance to test themselves.  Win-Win-Win
Dejaun J::For the bulk of this game the Bulls were up double digits, and usually th first digit was a 2. There is no reason Erik Murphy only plays 31 seconds in this kind of game. Even 2 solid minutes of action would have made sense. Likewise, it makes even less sense that Deng cracked the 40 minute mark. 2 - 3 of those could have easily gone to Murphy or Snell with little consequence.   Thibs needs to learn how to Develop rookies, not just try to win every regular season game. Experienced depth in the playoffs is a lot better than 8 worn players and a decent record.
Michael::Why is the title said the Heat is depleted when they were just missing Wade?
poker_punker::Depleted Heat? The Bulls were missing the same amount of players, and were actually missing the better players!
Brandon::Depleted? They were missing Wade and Anderson, sure, but it's not like they were any more "depleted" than the Bulls.
none::Marquis Teague, just not quite ready, maybe trade him for his brother in Atlanta, Bulls need a point guard bad, Jimmy Buckets will be back to make the bench longer, but still need a point guard.
Homer Fudd Jr.::Enjoy it while you can Miami fans. we're getting close to another decision TV show. Lebron will then take his talents to.......... any team that has at least 2 other superstars. And a secret phone call will be made to discuss the transition with these other stars.
Crusty Coyote::Bosh with all of TWO rebounds in 27 min.?   Was he sleepwalking through the game, AGAIN?   At least Beasley seemed to try, but then with his history he better show a lot of effort, if he wants to land a spot with Heat or any other team.
Romell::Guys..what do you think : I think that the Bulls should trade Boozer for Dion Waiters and a useless guy to match the salary. You might say that the cavs already have to many PFs but it's looking like Bennett might be a bust. Have Tristen come off the bench behind Boozer and Anderson could be that useless pick to fulfill the salary to make the trade go through. I think waiters is waiting to break out, and he could do that with the bulls. I like when the bulls play tough but maybe they should tank afterwards to get a decent draft pick also.
Homer Fudd Jr.::Miami Heat played more like the Miami Beat!
