abkicksa::Scary to see Wade getting less than 30 minutes and LeBron JUST 30. If they keep this mentality, this team is going to be well-rested by playoff time.
themightyrule10::Cleveland = mistake by the lake
gobledoug::liar
gobledoug::nba is the worst liar on wade and dirk on the finals per. provide the link.
nba is the worst::I used to think that heatles fanboys were the most immature and defensive posters on these boards - until Aicyla22 PROVED ME WRONG!  GO fanGIRL!!!
Please_Dont_Trade_Anymore_Marlins::Excuse me, I'm going to use the same logic NY fans had with Lin before Nola put it on them.  "The Heat have blown out the past 4 teams, so they are going to blowout every team they face the rest of the season!"
zosoMC::LBJ 2012 NBA MVP
yayarea100::i just love that all the attention is being paid to the knicks, or the clips, or the rose-less bulls, instead of hyping the heat this year.. somehow the favorites are flying under the radar.. #beautiful
SwampGator17::If the Heat don't crap the bed like last year there is no reason why they don't take the whole thing.  My question to all the nay sayers is if they do win the championship will you then say "well thats only one they need to win more than that to prove themselves?"
Aicyla22::no they'll say it doesn't count bc it was only a 66 game season
nba is the worst::Interesting that lebr0n said he's a "Cavs fan for life"
Please_Dont_Trade_Anymore_Marlins::He was being political. He knows the Cavs suck and are no rivals to the Heat, so saying that is jst playing the "Cav fans please dont hate me" approach.
Aicyla22::maybe interesting to you, no one else cares, why would you just stop being a fan of your favorite team?
D-Nice891::The Heat are swaggin on the rest of the league right now. Wade is literally going out playing 2-2.5 quarters a game and LeBron is playing the least amount of minutes that he has in his career. Wait til playoffs come.
modinthetree is back::haters are pathetic.
Aicyla22::nba's defensive because it hurts to hear the truth
nba is the worst::Nice - two - with one reply!  BEYOND funny!
Aicyla22::its bc you are a hater and are also pathetic so your response was a defensive one if it didn't apply to you then why respond in the first place?
nba is the worst::Please explain how my NOT calling people "haters" and "pathetic" is in any way being "defensive"
nba is the worst::2 of the most overused words by defensive fanboys in a 3-word post - VERY efficient!
Mballa1244::lets be honest, there are no real fans in Miami.
peezyfreshbaby57::This was such an easy game! Cavs will be bottom feeders until Lebron returns!
Robert24907::They got $@%!$@ Gibson, 5 million a year.
Robert24907::Keep hating on LBJ Cleveland, let it go please and cheer for your INDIANS, CAVS, AND THE BROWNS..LOL  ENJOY!!!!!!!!!!!!!
brandonlee561heat::lag
brandonlee561heat2::<b><sub>test</sub></b>
brandonlee561heat::<sup>test</sup>
brandonlee561heat::hmm
nba is the worst::Uh oh, a team with a winning record up next.  Oh wait, another "eastern conference winning record", never mind
Aicyla22::hater, typical
nba is the worst::What?
Aicyla22::why are you so bitter? get off your high horse.  you just questioned my calling your responses copycat then you edited it to this response.  Yes, please use "playing down" as your excuse as you obviously need excuses for yourself.
nba is the worst::I'm like the heatles - sometimes I "play down" to the level of their fans...  (Wouldn't want to show you all up too badly)
Aicyla22::so your two copycat reposes would not also be considered brainless, knee-jerk, &amp; typical?
nba is the worst::defensive namecalling response, typical
zayzkidd::The Lakers are a team with a winning record and they are from the west.... Stop with the excuses jerk.
nba is the worst::brainless kneejerk response, typical
WhoxYaxDaddy::any team would WANT lebron.  its just that u have idiots to whine about him all day and dedicate screen names to him on espn.  but in reality, ANY TEAM or player would die to have lebron on their squad, ask Kobe.
ryanmorik23::and cavs fans claim they don't want lebron. lmfao, please, if he said "i'm going back to cleveland" you'd go nuts. by the way, as a big lebron fan, did anyone else laugh their @$$ off when he air balled the three?
gobledoug::NBA is the worst  Tell me the PER of any Finals player last year.
nba is the worst::Wade 30.2 Dirk 20.1
Finatic335::the city of cleveland has nothing to look forward to in the sports world
Robert24907::And what is Cleveland a paradise...lol im from Chicago,and i have been in Akron and Cleveland,there is nothing in that city that can compare to Miami...sorry
docboss85::Cleveland&gt;Miami. Miami was the most miserable and most vain city in America last year, according to Time magazine.
deaglestyle::Also have the hottest girls.
sa330206::They really aren't that bad this year.  They should get another lottery pick.  Things are looking up.
Enio125::Go Fornicate with yourself
PatsCeltsRI::They usually have the draft to look forward too.
Mamba Is Chinese For Mule::so sad
POLO_3::LEBRON FOR MVP,NORRIS COLE SIXTH MAN,MIAMI HEAT NBA CHAMPS
kwodo::i am rooting for the heat to win the finals soley for the purpose of hearing espn be forced into praising them. especially after so many people have taken their "marching orders" from espn instead of thinking for themselves.
Mamba Is Chinese For Mule::Global Warming  Go Heat!
ChrisJohnsonBetterStartEarningHisMoney::.......and then you woke up.
MobileInfantry7::gay.
ChrisJohnsonBetterStartEarningHisMoney::When will someone on the Cav's team man up, and give Lebron a HARD foul?  The man that does that will be a legend in Cleveland.
WhoxYaxDaddy::lebron is 6 8 270. good luck with that.
percykc::Cavs, when are you going to man up and not let LeChoke come into your house and abuse you? He has insulted you everyday since he's dipped out  in the middle of the night. If anyhting this should be the games you when. Nothing would make the city more happy is to send LeChoke back home to Miami with a loss.
Ubu_Imperator::we beat them last year
richardduckworth::Most Transition Points This Season Points Plays LeBron James 213&lt;&lt; 152 John Wall 198 194 Tyreke Evans 168 155 Russell Westbrook 161 165 &gt;&gt;10 points Friday at Cavs  wtf
Mamba Is Chinese For Mule::This reminds me of the 90's Bulls. They use to go out and put teams away in the first half also. Impressive road trip!
itsduffy::^ Kobe.
Nathan94713::Who?
Mamba Is Chinese For Mule::That was awesome I'm happy for him...............he tried sooooo hard and finally did it!
nba is the worst::Hey - your obsession scored 36 last night - and actually shot over 50%!
53Kevin::HEAT =SUCK
Mamba Is Chinese For Mule::Go ahead then.
i am black girl wasted::What does Lebron average, per season, in number of rings? BAHAHHAH
juice887::wtf??  ur $@%!$@%!
nba is the worst::What was lebr0n's 2011 Finals PER?
53Kevin::No Rings pf
_TheSixthHeatle_::Love to know that...this guy has to be held accountable for his finals performances
nba is the worst::Wade 30.2 Dirk 20.1
gobledoug::Tell me what any Final's PER was in the Finals last year.
nba is the worst::Strange indeed how that slice of information is completely unavailable for some reason...
i am black girl wasted::LeChoke had 0 points in the 4th quarter hahahaha
juice887::cant be mad at this sslut.. shes just a black girl wasted
nba is the worst::Funny - didn't seem like he got off the bench in the 4th quarter (making it hard to score)
nba is the worst::bad game to watch - after the 1st Q
brandonlee561heat2::Feel sorry for the people who did not watch the game.
53Kevin::Disappears as always,I guese his excuse will be ''Wade $@%!$@ my dogs".LOL LOL
MobileInfantry7::This is the beginning of the end Miami...he's already looking elsewhere
kwodo::no, espn is telling you what to think again and you are falling for it yet again.
rawgator06::Lebron's current PER is 32.69. Second this season is D Wade at 26.92. To put that into perspective, the top three highest PER's in single-season NBA history are Wilt's 31.84, Wilts 31.76, and MJ's 31.71 /disclaimer: im not implying that LBJ is better than Wilt or MJ, just that the media has been focused on his stupid tweets, dunks, etc. and not the fact that hes playing on another level this year
NastyNate2306::Watch youtube and see how many phantom calls Wade gets each game, it's a joke.
53Kevin::AND STILL NOT A RING TO SHOW 4IT!
Wade and Lebron::umad?
nba is the worst::Ref-awarded rings don't count
jukedoublespinmove::and he won the Finals in 06. Wade has a ring people
Unbiasedfan83::Wade has only been to the finals once. What about the other 7 seasons he's been in the NBA? All those 1st round losses
jukedoublespinmove::Wade's been to the Finals twice dude
_TheSixthHeatle_::If the heat don't make and win the finals it will be less than expected. This was never the case with Wade in the other 7 seasons
_TheSixthHeatle_::Lebron's per is dropping, it always does, and he'll have the advantage of a shorter season.but he is playing well this season, now, if he can just keep playing the same though the FINALS, we'll be ok...he has ALWAYS dropped off in the finals (lebron's PER in the finals?) other (even Wade) superstars don't do.
mountainbiker25@aol.com::Anybody else notice LBJ had three 3-pointers?  He knows the perimeter well at Quickens Arena... kind of like playing back home again.
Daniela in South Florida::Okay, it's bed time.  Anyone in the miami area, come out to the beach. Beautiful weather tomorrow! If you see a bulldog on Collins or Ocean with a heat bib on, I'll be the owner!  -Daniela xoxo
Musketeers2012::Daniela do you have anymore yougurt  :P
Daniela in South Florida::nope, someone else licked it all up! :-)  good night
ALL I DO IS LIN434334::Oh, yeah Oh!  [Verse 1:] Just shoot for the stars If it feels right And aim for my heart If you feel like And take me away and make it OK I swear I'll behave  You wanted control So we waited I put on a show Now I make it You say I'm a kid My ego is big I don't give a $@%! And it goes like this  [Chorus:] Take me by the tongue And I'll know you Kiss me 'til you're drunk And I'll show you  All the moves like Jagger I've got the moves like Jagger I've got the moves like Jagger  I don't need to try to control you Look into my eyes and I'll own you  With them moves like Jagger I've got the moves like Jagger I've got the moves like Jagger  [Verse 2:] Maybe it's hard When you feel like you're broken and scarred Nothing feels right But when you're with me I'll make you believe That I've got the key  Oh So get in the car We can ride it Wherever you want Get inside it And you want to steer But I'm shifting gears I'll take it from here (Oh! Yeah yeah!) And it goes like this (Uh)  [Chorus:] Take me by the tongue And I'll know you (Uh) Kiss me 'til you're drunk And I'll show you  All the moves like Jagger I've got the moves like Jagger I've got the moves like Jagger  I don't need to try to control you (Oh, yeah) Look into my eyes and I'll own you  With them moves like Jagger I've got the moves like Jagger (Yeah yeah) I've got the moves like Jagger  [Bridge:] You wanna know how to make me smile Take control, own me just for the night And if I share my secret You're gonna have to keep it Nobody else can see this  So watch and learn I won't show you twice Head to toe, oooh baby rub me right But if I share my secret You're gonna have to keep it Nobody else can see this (Ay! Ay! Ay! Aaay!)  And it goes like this  [Chorus:] Take me by the tongue (Take me by the tongue) And I'll know you Kiss me 'til you're drunk And I'll show you (Yeah yeah yeah!)  All the moves like Jagger I've got the moves like Jagger I've got the moves like Jagger (Oh, yeah) I don't need to try to control you Look into my eyes and I'll own you  With them moves like Jagger I've got the moves like Jagger I've got the moves like Jagger
Gameday2012::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T1rZBxn3Zx8&amp;feature=related
Daniela in South Florida::My bullie woke up because he always does when I open the fridge.  I'm giving him yogurt with my finger!
Gameday2012::My dog smokes pot.
Musketeers2012::haha thats cool, dogs are the best most cat lovers seem like rainbows and unicorns lol
Gameday2012::lol nah, her name is Venus
Musketeers2012::haha hope you named him snoop or snoopy dog lol
uncle_jemima170::you could let him lick the container
Daniela in South Florida::he just makes a mess
Musketeers2012::i wanna lick lol
Musketeers2012::haha whats his name and wade kinda looks like a bull dog with his fat cheeks and gums and droopy eyes lol
Musketeers2012::Eva Mendes is a hottie so i say cuban girls are hot basically but shes a sweetheart and prolly knows nothing about the miami heat and the ugly 3 of balding LeChoke and Gumby on Crack Wade and Alien the beatles wouldnt of sold any records if they were as ugly as them
uncle_jemima170::cuba would be a cool place if they weren't communists
Daniela in South Florida::Well, at least you gave props to Cuban girls!
Musketeers2012::cuban girls are hot id be typing jibberish and ebonix if i said any different lol
taking my talents to a better teamLEBRON623::wrong post^^^^^ lol
taking my talents to a better teamLEBRON623::.
yardog59::Yep
yardog59::Wow
taking my talents to a better teamLEBRON623::gotta love another heat win.this team looks like a force right now that everybody is having a hard time stopping.idk who is gonna stop this team,bc nobody is looking hotter then them right now.
Unbiasedfan83::Heat whipped San Antonio without Wade
jonathan3019::San Antonio=Old $@% team
taking my talents to a better teamLEBRON623::it's true it's damn true stupid thing is lagging so it will post twice lol.
taking my talents to a better teamLEBRON623::it's true it's damn true.
taking my talents to a better teamLEBRON623::ok besides san antonio lol
yardog59::Brain fart!
taking my talents to a better teamLEBRON623::lol that's what i thought lol.it's all good
yardog59::Meant for here. San Antonio. 9 straight is a hotter team right now.
Daniela in South Florida::LOL, I'm making sandwiches for my Bulldog for our beach walk tmrw.  Yes, I know he shouldn't eat people food, but he has a big tummy!
Gameday2012::Big tummy = big mound of diarrhea your going to have to pic up in your living room.
Gameday2012::lol Neither does mine but when someone sneaks my dog human food she usually gets the shiets.
Daniela in South Florida::No, he never poops inside!
uncle_jemima170::nah make him go outside and then just slowly walk away
Musketeers2012::you sound like a sweetheart lol
uncle_jemima170::my dog eats off a plate
uncle_jemima170::They typically are lol, they're traditionally a lap dog for royalty afterall
Daniela in South Florida::Damn, that Bichon is high maintence!
uncle_jemima170::she really is, she whines if you don't do it and stomps around
Daniela in South Florida::She's like: "bit.ch, where's my plate?"
uncle_jemima170::shes almost 15, my parents spoiled her to hell and she insists so I just do it
Daniela in South Florida::Bichon #swag
illini5747::WV is a bunch of cousin fuc.kers
illini5747::i was there the other day.. inbreds
jonathan3019::The Knicks suck
Musketeers2012::Im gonna fire the two worthless niggs at my business tomorrow cuz they dont have 90 days and they count towards the quota cuz of heat fans lol
Unbiasedfan83::WHite boys always mad at the world cuz they have infant di.cks
uncle_jemima170::if you wanna hit the heat fans you gotta aim for the hispanics
Musketeers2012::great post uncle jemima lol
Musketeers2012::eva mendes is cuban and pretty amazing lol
uncle_jemima170::lebrons girl was with rashard lewis so fair is fair
Musketeers2012::are you a female, how do you feel about lebron messing with a bartender for months while the mother of his kids is at home with astard children
uncle_jemima170::We get too much oil from Mexico, they never really are going to do anything
Daniela in South Florida::I guess nobody likes Mexicans.  Cubans &gt; Mexicans :-)
Musketeers2012::Lol, the US government has been talking about buliding a border wall for years, and what pisses me off cause ive done contract work for them is that to work on the US/Mexico or texas and big texas border you have to speak spanish which basically correlates to agents letting their cousins and family bring across drugs cuz their all mexican americans lol
Daniela in South Florida::LOL.
illini5747::you don't have a business..
illini5747::says the man who can't speak english..
Musketeers2012::haha ok, is this were is say homey or bra since you speak ebonix
illini5747::hey florida people.. is there anything to do in st. augustine..
Gameday2012::I visited that Spanish Fort and Ripply's something
illini5747::is it that bad hahah
Daniela in South Florida::It's okay for sightseeing, I guess. do this:  http://www.trolleytours.com/st-augustine/
illini5747::.....
Daniela in South Florida::take the trolley
Daniela in South Florida::Ewwww!
Daniela in South Florida::Does anybody do Cross-Fit?
Gameday2012::This Yoda character is such a doooche bag.
