Dave Randall::You SUCK Raptors! Now go home and collect your million dollar pay checks you lazy bums!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Michael Miles::The Raptors are pure GARBAGE ! They lose at home to a Kobe-less Lakers team and now they are getting spanked by a Charlotte team without their best player Kimba Walker ! Coach Casey -I would be looking for another job ! You can't get your guys to play ? Or is Toronto just another GARBAGE team? THEY LOOK LIKE THEY ARE THROWING THE GAME ! How can you get beat by a sorry Charlotte team without Kimba ? FIX ! Mr. Stern-you better look at this game with a microscope! Its almost the end of the 3rd quarter and Toronto just barely got 50 points ! INVESTIGATIONS ARE NEEDED !
Dave Randall::Michael Miles ...AGREED!
Patrick Loria::Main problem with the Raptors is they are too small.  Valanciunas is too short and can not jump. He actually was better before he put on 20 pounds.  I think he may actually have a good 15 foot shot but on offense he basically sets screens. Most NBA teams have a guy as big as Gasol (either one) or Jefferson and these teams kill Toronto on the boards.  Getting Hansbrough back will help a lot.  I know it looks like they play with little energy but that is not it. They just are not athletic enough. Lowry,DeRozan,Ross and Patterson can match up with most teams. The rest of the players no.  Can anyone explain how Chuck Hayes has been in this league all these years? How desperate are we that we actually play  Chuck Hayes?
Brian McCall::Nice games by the starting guards and the bench, but wtf is with the starting frontcourt? Horrible. Maybe it's time to start Patterson?
Dave Randall::How Pathetic Raptors! You are a disgrace to the NBA. Now go home to your mansions cause you don't really care as long as you get paid!
Bethaney Coultier::and I thought losing to the Lakers was sinking to a new low. This is about as low as you can sink
Patrick Loria::Lakers are almost a 500 team. They have a star in Gasol and an athletic team.
Michael Miles::Like I said GARBAGE ! Somebody with the Toronto team should be looking for a job today...They look like a mediocre college team...that loss to the Lakers will along with this loss today should send somebody to the unemployment line ! And you should still look at this team Mr. Stern...lol...FIX !
Michael Miles::oh oh the Raptors must have read my blog!Lol...
Shawn Meremikwu::I will never put money on these undeserving bums ever again. How can you lose to the Bobcats without Kemba Walker? I should have known these chumps would take today off seeing that this is the 2nd day of a back to back. I hope these guys miss the playoffs.
Robert Price::The game ain't over yet buddy.
Robert Price::Now it is. Continue with your Raptor hating.
John Badrov::5 points in third so far?  Wow. What garbage.
Joe Brooks::I guess the Raptors decided to stay in Canada today. Pitiful.
Daniel Doyle::raptors suck they're getting waxed by the bobcats without kemba walker
Robert Price::Raps can't defend the three lately.  A bunch of no shows in the first half.
Jacob Dockter::only way you can explain this type of game, is nba players do not care. feel sorry for all the durs wasting money on tickets.
Ajord Topciu::raptors will be coming back. we blew a 17 point lead against the lakers yesterday. time to get them back today
Jacob Dockter::raps have giving up buddy, raptors could not care about this game either way. they have one of, if not the best defense in the east and they allowed the bobcats to score 55 pts in the first half. that says it all right there.
Maggie Page::cant stop big al #bobcats
Marcleen Bavogui::lmao an 11 point first quarter  wow
Anil Gopie::you want to laugh at an 11 point quarter?  then what you have to say about the Houston Rockets, 10 points in the 3rd quarter and then 9 in the 4th?!?
Jacob Dockter::raptors took the day game off. can't blame them I guess. Just anther reason why you should never waste cash on the nba.
Ryan Wilson::rigged?
Joe Brooks::Only idiots call games rigged to cover the stupidity of their bad bet.
Kelvin Maranan::First!
Jacob Dockter::lol, is that really something to be excited about. Its the bobcats vs the raptors.
Eric Filapello::Jacob Dockter I'm also certain he does this for every raptors board. Pretty pathetic...
James Spade Freitas::Never count these Raptors out!!! 3-point game kids!
James Spade Freitas::KYLE LOWRY!!!!!!
Eldin Skejo::how  is bargnani give points?
