Wild Silverback::76ers with another upset, lets go Philly !!!
Randy Ragsdale::What an upset!!
Randy Ragsdale::[CHARLES BARKLEY VOICE] ERNIE, WHY THEY GOTTA TAKE ALL DEM JUMP SHOTS? I'M NOT A FAN OF JUIMP-SHOOTING TEAMS. BEAT EM' UP IN THE POST.
Matt Johnson::2 terrible calls in a row against Portland just sad losing to one of the worst teams in the NBA at home reminds me of Portland last year WTF BLAZERS YOU SHOULD HAVE WON THIS GAME BY 20 PLUS :(
Matt Johnson::Is it just me or is Portland trying to lose this game?????????????????????
Meron Foto::Badly...... they might get their wish.
Marcleen Bavogui::looks like they`re trying to lose
Eddie Jerome Herz::49ers got it in the bag
Justin Doney::I hope they do beat the cheese. I want them to swagger into Century Link and go home limping.
Dave Joacksom::Justin Doney no one liked your comment lol
Justin Doney::Dave Joacksom I did get a laugh tho, with the whole billboard thing backfiring and to see a 9'er comment here.
Arlen Hartoonian::The Blazers are only good this year because other than the Pacers, they are the only team to stay healthy this year, they are just an injury awaiting for them to happen.... Not fair for them that all the other teams go down for injuries, making things easy for Blazers...
Meron Foto::So a team being healthy is unfair these days?? You got jokes.
Meron Foto::FYI----- Please don't even talk about injuries to Blazers fans.
Arlen Hartoonian::You Blazer fans should admit you guys are lucky this year, Blazers and Pacers are only team this year that has not had to suffer any injuries to key players
Meron Foto::Yea..... Portland came in to this game as if it was gonna be a piece of cake. Great job Philly. That should bring them back to reality and maybe they will finally start playing ball?? I hope so.
Fiti Bear::MCW is just to big strong and fast athletic and he can play great D he just schooled lillard and showed what a real PG looks like ?
Fernando Branch::Thaddeus Young is playing like an NBA All-Star. Why this guy gets no love (highlights) from ESPN!!!!!!!
Daniel Carfora::It would be crazy if he wasn't an all star but I fear they might put Carter Williams on the team and not want to put two 76ers. They both deserve it but Thad more, he has been extremely consistent and underrated for about 3 years now.
Fernando Branch::Daniel Carfora I totally agree with you. This guy is killing it! http://articles.philly.com/2014-01-02/sports/45767029_1_arnett-moultrie-brett-brown-trade-rumors
Gym Noise::107 to 109 blazers .    just like in 77
Fred M. King::If you shoot 36% from the field including 13% from 3 point territory....you're not going to win many games....I don't care who you play.  Typical Blazer 4th qtr....got ahead & then played not to lose.  A formula for defeat every time!   Suck it up boys....and make your free throws!
Fred M. King::And no pancakes....boohoo!
Troy Scholz::Actually, the missed free throw by Wesley Matthews is what changed the whole complexion of the end of that game! If he makes it, it's a whole different ballgame!
Tony Sanchez::That's the Portland trailblazers we've grown used to over the past 20 or 30 years, the ones that choke in the end against weak teams that they should beat by double digits.
Matthew Berman::I don't know whether to be happy or upset--I mean, not happy about a loss, but how often does a team shoot as badly as Portland did and still lose by only 2, with a chance to go to OT?  Portland is just a hard team to beat.
Jim Radzom::Agreed...Portland is built around shooters so they will lose their share of games this way.
CJ Yolo::Man the Sixers have really beat some good teams here of late.  Maybe they'll make some noise in the East.  www.chrisinnewberg.blogspot.com
Don Layton::Congrats to Philly. They fought hard and deserved the win.  Blazers need a little more consistency. I think that's 3 games lost in the past 2 weeks by 2 points each.
Josh Schwartz::Last time the Sixers played the Blazers, it was ugly. But, thankfully, Carter will be back, so it'll be a different game. It'll still be really tough to beat the Blazers in Portland, but the road trip for Philly so far has gone well. Go Sixers!
Justin Doney::That rookie Carter-Williams has a bright future in the NBA. Stellar acting for such a young ling.
Meron Foto::62 points in the PAINT for Philly------ Same problem, different night for Blazers.
Matt Johnson::Wow this is just sad let's go Blazers THE SIXERS ARE ONE OF THE WORST TEAMS IN THE NBA THIS YEAR WTF :(
Meron Foto::I'm sure Blazers came in thinking that...... and guess what happened?? LOL
Marcleen Bavogui::and look at the score already .. keep thinking u might have an L after this game
Adam Youman::they may be one of the worst all around teams but offensively they are solid. they run up and down the floor so much it can tire teams out. highest pace in the nba. but they still suck
Adam Youman::During that 11-0 run by philly, all but 2 shots taken by portland were 17+ ft jumpers
Meron Foto::Wide open shots I might add...... but they ain't making them.
Adam Youman::Meron Foto they need to go inside or something otherwise there will be some major trolling after this game
Meron Foto::Adam Youman l ol---- Yea I know. Lets hope they win this somehow because Philly came to play tonight.
Eric Johnson::76ers will play tough for the first 24 but blazers will out shoot them the second half. 113-94 RipCity!
Ayn Bland::Lulz..  "Potent" offense shooting 35% against..  The Sixers?
Teresa McGarr::#1 in the NBA doesn't lie
Ayn Bland::Wouldn't know it by tonight's performance.  Won't go far in the playoffs living by the 3.
Brian Weekly::Philly had no business winning this game anyhow.
