Le Asterisk::Amazing coincidence that the teams with the least road games played in each conference have the best records    OKC on a brutal 2-gm road trip at raptors last night and the nba worst wizards tonight    The Heat actually have a harder road starting tomorrow, 6 games with half of them vs teams with winning records
Hondo Kid::Most over used catch phrase of 2013?    Winner! Is.......drum roll pls....... trap game!
Theironrod2012::I cant wait to next year when its the Lebron and Durant duo.  I wonder who team will the thunder be then. Lebron's or Durant's?
Le Asterisk::-A fool that knows nothing about the NBA
4480William::Russell Westbrick is the reason why the Thunder have an awful 26-7 record because he shoots too much.  Trip Bayless.
TradePau::Thunder are overrated.  No ring for the Zombie-Sonics this year!!!!!!!   Mamba out.
mkhadka3::get over with it $@%!$
James Harden 3 point Celebration::dude..you just lost
Kristin5291::Really, I heard that Zombie Sonics are retired this year, oh wait you are Laker fan so you must be still living in the past. If you hear the news as well that Seattle is moving forward with a new arena deal.
KiD.Clutch.35::Laker fan trolling the team that OWNS his team.  lol
71Minnesota::No team in the NBA is called consistently playing on their Best as far as the season is over 1/3 of the regular season.....We can't say Thunder is the Best yet...The best team have a shot come out of the West 1/ Spurs but is Old (can't ignore this team cause coach POp is the best in the business ) 2/ young and dept Clippers would challenge the Thunders till the end( for the Clippers people keep say them  young but they have more veteran players and experience as any team in the League. Loma Odoms, Chauncey have been in the Final before ...Grant Hill would be a nice role player) As for the East is up for grap ...Miami still doesn't look like the best at all.
fallsoversteve::they get spanked by the nets and keep it close with the raptors..
James Harden 3 point Celebration::thunder the Best!
The Brooklyn Dynasty is Legit::if you have a twitter follow @FakeDavidStern1
killmylandlordcill::As long as Westrbook keeps taking more shots and turning the ball over, the Thunder won't win the title. Durant should never get less shots than Westbrook. If the Thunder had a point guard like Chris Paul they would kick the Heats butts on a regular basis.
Qzhoopin20::The Thunder is 26-7...bottom line! Westbrook has his flaws, but his contributions, hustle, attitude and heart FAR outweigh his shot selection. Whoever is guarding him never gets any breathing room and if anything, he makes Durant's job even easier.
kab747::IF.
CandySparker::KD Lotta Love!
toronto-vigilante3::When the Raps let 4 guys almost score 20 points EACH on them, what result do you expect?  Raps sliding back to the mean now...
aise5668::Perkins is so horrible!  Watch this very funny video!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_P6pyFWACys
lake_405::That was $@%!$@% hilarious!!
KiD.Clutch.35::I dont think anyone disagrees with you.
durant.4.mvp::I'd like to see us give up fewer points in transition. Today, especially in the first half, we gave up so many WIDE OPEN transition jumpers and 3s. Seems like it's the same few guys not getting their matchups (KD, KMart, Serge, and Collison).
chalinosanchezfelix::WOW Landry Fields was a steal. he might end up in the hall of fame. feel sorry for the knicks.
sk0dawgs::sorry for being a d.ick guys i quit smoking for new years. OKC is alright.......
sk0dawgs::at least im not one of those guys that reverts to hating on the actual city of OKC. i hear it's a nice place
Matthew Borba::City is actually coming along, growing pretty fast.
sk0dawgs::people are more important. i wouldnt ever move there anyway just saying. i cant do the whole landlocked thing
durant.4.mvp::Well, I'd check my facts on that too, guy. LOL The people are nice, but the city is meh.
ChiGuy1002::Alan Andersanity!!
amtrack5::Even Ibaka took more shots than Durant tonight.  Idk if thats a function of the defense, or if it is just a coaching error by Scott Brooks.  I understand he wants balanced scoring, but there's no reason why KD should take only 11 shots.
derek_510::ibaka did not take more shots.  some of KDs shots were not recorded because he was put to the line.  and also, what Qzhoopin said.
Qzhoopin20::When you win by 12 does it really matter who took the shots?
amtrack5::not tonight..last night lol
Future Primitive::7 assists for Durant.  That must be like a season high for him.
jackdani07::He had a triple double earlier this year....
sk0dawgs::durant.4.mvp So, Russ is better in every statistical category and clearly better in a heads up match up, and leads a better team, but Lillard is still better? Whatever.  compare their rookie stats, lillard is far better. also, lillard is leading a team with zero bench to the playoffs.
jackdani07::Handed a good team seriously they sucked when they got here
derek_510::for a season.  no fans are as spoiled as OKC fans.  EVERYONE but some OKC fans agree, hmmmmm
durant.4.mvp::I can't take you seriously
KiD.Clutch.35::Youre arguing a 2x ALL STAR and a top 5 NBA PG........to a ROOKIE.  STOP.
TreC1983::not to mention olympic gold medalist
KiD.Clutch.35::Oh,  so youre jealous.   Well, my first year as a fan, OKC went 23-59.  So fu.ck you .
sk0dawgs::i could go all day but unfortunately i have more pressing things to attend to than argue with fans that were handed a good team
sk0dawgs::and the matchup they played was pretty even aside from russ shooting more.
KiD.Clutch.35::sk0dawgs says the 1 week old account holder  I cant help it other NBA fans are sensitive to the TRUTHS I speak........get mad.........flag me, and get me deleted.  i really dont care how old my account is.
sk0dawgs::lol the TRUTHS gimme a break. it was a just a joke
KiD.Clutch.35::Lillard is good.  Russ is 5 years in and still hasnt hit his ceiling.  Let me see 3 or 4 years of Lillard against NBA players and ill give you an OPINION.
sk0dawgs::russ is a good player. im surprised you think lillard is pretending or something.  years from now it'll be russ, kyrie, lillard, kemba and everyone else
KiD.Clutch.35::Maybe it was.  Im just saying Spurs, Miami, and LA trolls troll your team, you make them mad, they flag and get you pitched.  What??  i cant speak truths?   The great stuff we see Russ do, is PROVEN.  It is TRUTH.  Give Lillard 5 years in the NBA and see how TRUE what you say NOW is.
sk0dawgs::when lillard is westy's age nobody will talk about russ. it'll be all D Lill
Ivanov21::I just hope Lillard isn't doomed like Oden or Roy were / are, or a one-year wonder like Tyreke Evans.
Tommy72931::Having seen both over the last few days - it's clear that Westbrook is a much better player.  The form on Lillard's jumpshot is terrible.  When the league adjusts to him he'll struggle.
sk0dawgs::experience in the NBA is more important than age.
.cha cha chia.::Exactly. He will get scouted and he will struggle. There are point guards his same age putting up the same numbers ( Holiday Kemba)
sk0dawgs::no wayyy
KiD.Clutch.35::And when it doesnt happen..you'll disappear into the ANONYMITY of the INTERNET.
sk0dawgs::D Lill is gonna do great things
sk0dawgs::says the 1 week old account holder
.cha cha chia.::He'll probably go to the Knicks one day
durant.4.mvp::They're like a year apart in age.
KiD.Clutch.35::ROY is still a single year award, bud.  I agree Lillard is having a good year.  Was Brandon Roy ever good?????????   ya..........
sk0dawgs::im just kidding with the westbrook hate. lillard is the real deal though he's not going to fall off. he's already a shoe in for ROY
KiD.Clutch.35::Anyone remember Tyreke Evans?   Ya, when they came out everyone gushed over Tyreke..not Russ.  Players come out strong and fall off.
durant.4.mvp::a year and a half, I guess
sk0dawgs::2. i was just taking a gander at russ's rookie stats and comparing them to D Lill's stats. i'm excited for future match ups between the 2 in the NW division
sportsfan1014::Didn't get to watch the game, just looked the boxsore, most of Raptors players had a good game, but OKC is just too good to beat, even Durant only took 11 shots today.
gri400::satisfied with the game, loss was expected. Wish jose and demar could have done better but everyone else did a decent job, Double A was on fire. OKC just a better team, nothing wrong with that
sportsfan1014::yup, Calderon is very underrated, he is like Andre Miller, a soild all-around PG. OKC lead NBA in score per game, they are just too hard to stop..
KiD.Clutch.35::Sportsfan61679 He is not TOP 5  1. Rajon Rondo, BOS	11.3 2. Chris Paul, LAC	9.3 3. Greivis Vasquez, NO	9.0 4. Jrue Holiday, PHI	8.9 5. Russell Westbrook, OKC	8.6
Ivanov21::thats why i said I'm not a hater ... I'm trying to understand ;)
durant.4.mvp::Russ also gets opponents in foul trouble which leads more free throw attempts for the best free throw shooting team in the league which leads to wins.
KiD.Clutch.35::Appreciate your open-mindedness.  Most people dont wanna recognize what else Russ brings.
Ivanov21::good argument , didnt think of that right away
sk0dawgs::assist to turnover ratio russ is 28th
Sportsfan61679::look down i agree with you.  but I am sure none of those guys shoot 18 shots a game and are 41% from the field
KiD.Clutch.35::Ivanov21 thats right but maybe if he passed the ball out of double-teams to KD his FG% would be better than 41%.  In other words, you'll argue ANY point so long as Russ comes out looking like a NEGATIVE factor.
Ivanov21::Do you think it is good that Russ very regularly takes more shots with less success rate than the best scorer in the league?
Ivanov21::nope I'm not , you're missing the point. stop making me look like a hater. I'm just stating my opinion based on some facts, not hating without any arguments at all , am I ??
KiD.Clutch.35::JEFFREY74756  Arguing the Martin/Harden issue wont make OKC worse.  I agree that Harden is better all-around than Martin.  Thats not what I care about.  I care about Marting giving OKC what it needs, being a piece.  Martin gives OKC what it needs.
Ivanov21::Always interesting when I look at the box score of OKC games; Westbrook most of the times has taken 2-3 shots more than KD but Durant usually scores a bit more on less shots. Westbrook is good, I just can't get rid of the feeling that he and OKC would be even scarier if he took about 5 shots less and maybe handed the ball out a little more often.
4480William::Isiah Thomas took more shots than Kelly Tripucka and Adrian Dantley.  Guess what Isiah won a NCAA title and back to back NBA titles.  Dantley and Tripucks played 8 college years and won no titles.  They played a combined 28 NBA years and won no titles.  What this says is the star point guard was the reason his teams became great champions.  Durant is lucky he has a player like Westbrook that can take over a game.  Who again has the league's best record?
RafaWoods01::Russ may never be what some want him to be. He needs to get better. He needs to turn the ball over less, he needs to set his teammates up more, he needs to not rely on Durant always going iso and instead actually set Durant up but.... he is a bad mother fuker.
Ivanov21::Well why is he trying to score so much than? I m not hating, just asking if he couldnt average 20 / 10 easy?? its already at 21 / 8,6 but his FG% just isnt great, nobody can say that.
Ivanov21::thats right but maybe if he passed the ball out of double-teams to KD his FG% would be better than 41%.
mellis043::I do not think its fair to compare his scoring efficiency to the best scorer in the game.
Ivanov21::I'm not comparing, just WONDERING why does he have to take more shots than the best scorer in the game on a regular basis?
KiD.Clutch.35::Russ is top 5 in assists and thats STILL not good enough for OKC haters.
Sportsfan61679::sorry just checked the stats and you are right
Sportsfan61679::He is not TOP 5
KiD.Clutch.35::Russ moves defensive focus to himself away from KD.
Tommy72931::great game OKC.  Put the hammer down in the 3rd quarter and didnt give us any hope.  Raps still 8-3 in last 11
Sportsfan61679::playoff hopes still alive?
Tommy72931::Depends on how many more times we get to play Orlando.
gri400::the east is so bad there's a chance
Sportsfan61679::It will be Seattle vs New England in the Super Bowl.
4480William::I said it all year.  The battle of two great Big 10 QBs.
sk0dawgs::lillard &gt; westbrook
durant.4.mvp::go look at the heads up match up, smart guys.
4480William::Lillard is not even in Westbrook's class.
durant.4.mvp::So, Russ is better in every statistical category and clearly better in a heads up match up, and leads a better team, but Lillard is still better? Whatever.
sk0dawgs::ya i did, so what?
sk0dawgs::westbrook has had 13 5+ turnover games this year. lillard has only had 5 games with 5 or more turnovers. and he's a rookie
4480William::Turnovers are overrated stats.  You get charged a turnover if you have a offensive foul or if you throw the ball away.  If you handle the ball 60 times a game and have just 5 turnovers, that is not bad at all considering you are the primary ballhandler.  Does Portland have the league's best record?
durant.4.mvp::LOL glad you guys don't make choices for us
Sportsfan61679::if we did you guys would have title instead of losing to heat last year
Sportsfan61679::interesting.  If you put Lillard in OKC, I think OKC would be better.  If you put Westbrook on Blazers not sure if they would be better.
KiD.Clutch.35::lol
James Harden 3 point Celebration::who's watching the colts game?
Kobe stunted my growth -Smush Parker::not me man, im skipping this week lol
James Harden 3 point Celebration::you should at least watch rg3 vs russ wilson. Im sure it will be good
KiD.Clutch.35::JEFFREY75476 If you think Martin is a better fit then Harden you are delusional. Martin is GREAT don't get me wrong. KD, Westbrook, and especially Ibaka have been improved this year. That is the reason the OKC machine is still humming along. Not because Martin is a better fit!  Plus, Martin brings us the same production off the bench as Harden did.  None of that really matters when you look at the fact that Martin comes alot cheaper than Harden with the production OKC needs.
JEFFREY75476::Harden's production off the bench would be even greater this year because of his improvements as well.  Harden is not a defensive demon but he is certainly stronger than Martin.  The amount of money a player makes can be discussed concerning the future of the franchise.  You are moving the goal posts to entire different topic.  The question was "better fit".  Besides Martin might not even be on the team next year.
Kobe stunted my growth -Smush Parker::payroll + westy + durant = okc dont miss harden.
ignasm::Hey Raps fans,  in what sort of commercial do you see JV?
ignasm::maybe english courses at University of Toronto?
gri400::2nd language courses!
gri400::car commercial for some reason
ignasm::Little JV: who are you? Big JV: I'm you from the the future! Little JV: scratches head Big JV: eat more! need to be stronger!
gri400::kinda
ignasm::like Griffin?
gri400::maybe a KIA
vegasbuster10::The raptors tank every year and still end up being garbage lol how do they make the impossible look so easy lol
Tommy72931::It's pretty amazing.  But Toronto teams are good at it.  Check out the Leafs who have stunk for 45 years.
gri400::lol
James Harden 3 point Celebration::I didnt expect the Lakers to be so sad before the season started
Sportsfan61679::Kobe has been playing the same way he always has.  It got him 5 rings.  I think the weakest link is Gasoft
Sportsfan61679::have you seen Paul Gasol with the Lakers this year.  People say he is not the same because he has to take jump shots more now.  I have seen him where he can't finish over Big Baby Glenn.
Kobe stunted my growth -Smush Parker::of course he is because of the people surrounding him.  he has to adjust, not scoring more, because offensively hes fine, he jsut needs to make the game EASIER for the other players because he is the leader. Miami does it, as does OKC with durant.  as the leader u gotta be the one that makes it easier regardless.  other than that, hes fine.
Sportsfan61679::OK he is shooting better than he ever did under Phil's system?  Not sure if Kobe is the one who needs to adjust.
Kobe stunted my growth -Smush Parker::lets be serious here, the same way worked because of the coach and system. this isnt phil's system. so he has to adjust.
Kobe stunted my growth -Smush Parker::i did. i knew with kobe, no ball movement = someone is unhappy. and now we find out everyone is unhappy, except us non laker fans :)
Sportsfan61679::I think the Lakers would be happy to do a Bragnani and Caldaron trade for Gasoft.  when is Bragnani ready to play again?
Tommy72931::trade Bargnani for nothing.
Kobe stunted my growth -Smush Parker::i think he just doesnt fit in mike's system.
Sportsfan61679::Gasoft is awful, he is shooting like 36% and averaging like 6 rpg.  He plays over 33 mins a game.  He is also a liability on defense.
Sportsfan61679::hahaha.... damn worthless Europeans.  once they get their big contracts they don't care
gri400::sounds like a better rebounding version of bargs :)
gri400::i would despise a bargs and jose combo trade, i hope they get traded separately.  bargs wont be ready for a month at least i believe
Tommy72931::Why is the spengler cup played in a barn?
Tommy72931::Hey Canada won 7-2.
KiD.Clutch.35::Why are u asking this question here?
James Harden 3 point Celebration::cant wait to see RG3 play
Kobe stunted my growth -Smush Parker::ew man. this nfc matches are so boring.
Kobe stunted my growth -Smush Parker::who got the byes for the NFC?
laytonwasasocialist::RW1 vs RG3 should be entertaining.  But overall, I agree with you re: NFC
Sportsfan61679::I wonder when Toronto will get rid of Bragnani?
gri400::ASAP, deport/amnesty him for all i care, just get rid of them.  the NBA should send a thank you card to the raps if he goes to the lakers
gri400::still funny the 30th time they play it during a game :)
Kobe stunted my growth -Smush Parker::lol i saw that commercial. was funny
ignasm::he can take primo pasta with him
Kobe stunted my growth -Smush Parker::hopefully to the lakers lol they need another non defensive player ;)
ignasm::Tonight LeBron could have a huge scoring night
KiD.Clutch.35::Maybe LBJ can actually will his team to a win tonight.
ignasm::remains to be seen
Kobe stunted my growth -Smush Parker::against the wizards though lol id rather skip and prepare to troll laker fans when they lose ;
ignasm::lol. Bashing Lakers is fun
James Harden 3 point Celebration::wizards...might win
KiD.Clutch.35::So exciting.......  -__-
NUPE-NUPE-NUPE::I gave OKC a compliment &amp; now I'm a Troll?   Wow.
chi-town sports 84::i aint no troll...just a sports junky
JEFFREY75476::If you think Martin is a better fit then Harden you are delusional.  Martin is GREAT don't get me wrong.  KD, Westbrook, and especially Ibaka have been improved this year.  That is the reason the OKC machine is still humming along.  Not because Martin is a better fit!
JEFFREY75476::LOL Harden is a super star in this league and is a better fit then Martin.  I firmly believe that OKC as good as they are would be even better with Harden still on the team combined with the improvement of OKC current big three.
NUPE-NUPE-NUPE::Yea well you're wrong. Harden is trigger happy. Immature.
James Harden 3 point Celebration::its sunday, dont let trolls get you down
KiD.Clutch.35::I dont think you are.  Someone misunderstood you.
NUPE-NUPE-NUPE::The addition of Martin makes up for Scotty's coaching skills. In my opinion.
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::nvm lol
Harsh1936::Manning is the #1 playoff choker
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::Not against my team lol
Harsh1936::Rex Grossman won Manning the SB
KiD.Clutch.35::I would label Russ and KD as better players than Carmelo.   Though I would label Melo as a better shooter than Russ, obviously. 1. KD 2. Russ 3. Melo                      Out of the 3.
Kobe stunted my growth -Smush Parker::idk about westy, but kd of course lol  kd is the second best player in the nba period.
KiD.Clutch.35::Just trolling the NYK fan.
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::Colts trying to come back
NUPE-NUPE-NUPE::I don't care what anybody says, Kevin Martin is a better fit than Harden. Kevin will be the reason OKC's wins a Championship this year.
KiD.Clutch.35::OKC haters HEAR:  "Martin is better than Harden."
JEFFREY75476::Harden is a better fit then Martin.  What makes up the difference is the vast improvement up KD, Westbrook, and Ibaka.  This is no diss on Martin.
Kobe stunted my growth -Smush Parker::well hes a better 3 point shooter.. thats for sure. as long as u have westy and durant, youre fine lol
JEFFREY75476::Trolling skills = weak
NUPE-NUPE-NUPE::I'm not trolling. Serious opinion.
James Harden 3 point Celebration::thunder up gg raptors
Kobe stunted my growth -Smush Parker::damn dude, time to change ur display name to kevin martins shooting motion :(
Kobe stunted my growth -Smush Parker::Texans vs Patriots Ravens vs Broncos.  ooo baby AFC is going to be fun.  NFC though.. ZzzzZzz
Colin___444::Ravens are choking lol
laytonwasasocialist::missed fg.  Chuckstrong needs his head examined for sending in the fg unit there.
Kobe stunted my growth -Smush Parker::actually manning vs indy. hmm not bad either lol dont care who wins that game.
Kobe stunted my growth -Smush Parker::WOW.
laytonwasasocialist::3rd and 9...
laytonwasasocialist::17-9 balt and indy is on bal's 28
Kobe stunted my growth -Smush Parker::wtf whats the score
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::Broncos Vs Patriots will be fun as hell to watch
Kobe stunted my growth -Smush Parker::in the early season. yes. and u do realzie that the broncos are 13-3 right? lol theres a reason for that
Harsh1936::You do realize Mark Sanchez beat manning
ThunderUpUNCPokes::No way Flacco beats Manning
Kobe stunted my growth -Smush Parker::not a broncos fan, but u gotta show respect to the great manning. hate on anyone else jsut not him lol
Kobe stunted my growth -Smush Parker::no they wont lol manning loves to carve up that ravens defense.
Harsh1936::Ravens will upset the Broncos
Kobe stunted my growth -Smush Parker::yup hopefully they both win, brady vs manning is always fun to watch.
NewYorkKnicksYO::Westbrick getting al this hate...just wait until he's in his prime and shoot 10 for 47 every other night
James Harden 3 point Celebration::-knicks fan
JEFFREY75476::Yes - Westbrook not shooting would certainly help the Thunder - Seriously you are an expert in head and rectal extractions
KiD.Clutch.35::How's virginity?
