knicksnsx::I hope you nets fans know that Damian Lillard was the pick you guys gave up for Gerald Wallace.
chckn440::ya but doubtful we woulda picked him with deron here
doggbrown1::john wall is not a franchise player. even when he comes back, the wizards will still be below medocrity.
runn1ng7blind87::Looks like the Monstars may have given Deron his talent back after proof in his 24-7-10 night.   www.FatherKnickerBocker.com
The Man Punted Baxter::No way Nets fans should be celebrating this win. 2OT wins against teams well below .500 thanks to Joe Johnson twice in one season? Not to mention the Nets only scored 41 points in the 2nd half. Great win against the Thunder, but there are some serious problems with this team
The Man Punted Baxter::a win's a win, but the Nets need to fix things. And why the Wiz didn't 2x team Johnson is beyond me. Ball wasn't going to go to anyone else
spcoon::it's the nba. there aren't many teams that would beat a team much better than them one night and not play down to the competition the next. yes, the nets need work, but would a fan rather they lose? or joe johnson play terribly? no.
animallover982::steve83935 - Woah, you've been an ESPN member for 13 years?  Idioy.
steve83935::Woah, you've been an ESPN member for 13 years?
Rezo201::Brook Lopez is leading the NBA in ppg in the paint, 6th in blocks, and 5th in the NBA in scoring per 48 minutes. Meanwhile guys who haven't even played this season have more votes than him. The NBA All-Star game is a joke. Probably why I haven't watched it since I was around 13 or 14.
KnixTix::D-Will leads the NBA in coach kills!
WhitestWhiteBoi::nobody wants to see brook lopezs stale $@% game on all star weekend..
KnickDiaz::u mean snuffleupagus??
8723Chris::I have been following this bet system called sportsbettingstar for betting sports the past few months. ive made around 2-3K a month profits using this systems tips so far. you can find the system on the first page of google by searching for sports betting systems.
Polyrad::On the Bulls comment board you said you lost your shirt taking their tips and were now homeless and looking for donations.
ThisSiteTakesItDeep::Ugly but good game, regardless of who they beat it was a big win.. Coming from a Knick fan
footbawlll::I dont care how Brooklyn gets their wins...as long as they get them.  Any win is a good win.  Lopez and Co. getting the job done tonight.
WhitestWhiteBoi::teams still trash...knicks run ny!
ipnetz006::Why are you here?
shivyjr::Abomb27 Prokhorov just shot his TV ====================== no worries he has 10 of them
JrueRandallHoliday::Double OT to beat a D-League team!  ... guess I'll take it.
WhitestWhiteBoi::the fact is they dont even have their best player..and you still almost lost..wins a win..but the nets are the most inconsistent team in the league
ipnetz006::And the Heat lost to the Wizards. I guess the Heat are one of the most inconsistent team in the league. Anybody can be beat on any given night.
timmyjr8700::The Wizards aren't a d-league team $@%. They are a NBA team just like the other 29 teams !$@%
meltzercool1::In the NBA, any team can beat any other team.  The Wizards beat Miami exactly 1 month ago.
midwestslym::LOL! I knew this game was going to be sketchy when I saw that the Wizards were only +6 spread. Glad I didnt touch that
toshsghost::Please please please Wizards!  Break the record for worst win percentage in a season!  This franchise has been a joke for the past 30 years, so it would only be fitting to hold that distinction.  Washington DC should be a mecca of basketball, second only to the Big Apple.  WTF is the deal?    On a side note, I traded for Rondo, Pau Gasol, and Amare Stoudemire in my Wizards 2k13 season.  I'm still on the outside of the playoffs looking in.
ThisSiteTakesItDeep::I wanna know who ya gave up 4Rondo
towenstark::How many ways can this team find to lose games. Tonight it's Okafor and Vesely...a combined 2 for 11 free throws. Are you kidding me!? 2 for frickin 11. All that effort and these 2 clowns go 2 for 11 from the charity stripe. Okay, I love Randy, but next week take one frickin day and have the team do nothing but shoot free throws. As a matter of fact, do it every week.  I could hit 2 of 11 with my back to the basket.
djny2k12::As a Net fan, I've never seen a team play so erratic from game to game.  They looked pathetic against the Spurs scoring 5 pts. in the 3rd qtr and getting thumped by Spurs then turn around and blow out the Thunder at their own home arena...tonight they needed 2 OT to win against the Wizards....just very inconsistent.
KMartKidd56::They are insanely inconsistent but they've really only had 33 games together. Still early.  They smashed OKC on the road..potential is there. Beat LAC too.
KMartKidd56::Was a Knick fan really asked when was your last title and he responded with "i'm looking it up.."?  ROFL
TheCronoMasterMind::18-31 from the stripe? Wizards would be a much better team if they could make their free throws wow.
Mets2410::good game Wiz fans. Tough game for the Nets, good win though way to fight throughout and come out with the W.
My girlfiend is very famous::Nets with a impressive victory tonight over the 4-27 wizards....nets scheduled to be knocked out in firts round of playoffs
joeman1146::lottery numbers for tomorrow's powerball?
Thedevil25::so tell me what else the future holds o wise one
Thedevil25::lol
KnickDiaz::Lol .... I love nets fans... You guys are passionate...except ChrisHall..... That dude don't know his a.sshole from his elbow ... Just told me being in decline and a slump is the same thing....anyway nets fans I gotta go ...til next time. You guys gotta admit you love when we come on your board....that's the most activity it gets all season
sportsfan1014::another hard luck lose for my Wiz.. when you are bad, nothing goes your way..
Thedevil25::It really shows you how much John Wall means to the team
thekola::amare stoudemire and andrew bynum both have more all star votes than brook lopez. they need to change the name to the people's choice game or something. utter joke.
ChrisHall SMD::that make  no sense at all
Mets2410::Shane Battier has more votes than Brook and the guy right behind Brook is Jeff Green
CarBoNz815::Its funny how the knicks are supposedly title contenders in the first quarter of the season... lol they have to actually win a playoff game first.  BROOOOKLYNNN ALL DAY!
Thedevil25::Seriously, you come in here and try and put down the Nets, at least have some facts into what your saying.  Saying the Nets suck proves nothing and just makes us laugh at you
KnickDiaz::Now this fool wanna tell me that decline means slump ....lol .... It's clear you went to school on Sundays...... OK .... We got n Einstein in here ppl... Put your brains away!
one4daagez::@knickdiaz: No matter what record the knicks have they will always suck and will never reach the finals, you can count on that. And why are u here, this is a Nets post.
KnickDiaz::Dude your f.ucking statement isn't even close to being correct English and you wanna tell somebody to go to school? ..... Dude reread your contribution to this argument and correct the grammar in it....then come back with a higher IQ .... The other net fans made sense ......you on the other hand should jump off a bridge......QUICK!!!
KnickDiaz::Firstly you don't know me..... Secondly if you're old enough you'd know that the Knicks ....bulls....pacers  those were the teams to watch  before the league became powder soft...that was the NBA in its hay day..... The supersonics...the rockets....
ChrisHall SMD::^^ Nick Diaz
ChrisHall SMD::just because you are in a decline doesn't mean that you are never able to rise again. hes in a slump aka a decline. people get out of slumps...
ChrisHall SMD::you just proved my point valid...yet im an idoit..maybe go to school for while and learn some basic knowledge you subordinate $@%! up
KnickDiaz::You're the dumbest poster in the history of forums.... Do you know the meaning of decline? ....
ChrisHall SMD::so not at his best you just proved my point and called me an idiot.... great knowledge..
KnickDiaz::Wow...how dumb are you? It means he's in decline you idiot! ......
KnickDiaz::Look at their record!!!!?........ Look at the payroll !!!!!!?.... Look at the names on that roster. what are the nets an elite team?  NO ...... The nets are currently a mediocre team at best...that's a fact!
ipnetz006::They have played 33 games together...wtf do you people expect? $@%! doesn't work like that and expect an undefeated team in their first 30 games. Please...
ChrisHall SMD::facts can be proven now show me that dwill is at his best because in 09-10 he averaged 20pts and about 11ast now he averages in the mid teens in scoring and 8 isg ast a game. THAT IS NOT HIS BEST YOU MISTAKE AND WASTE OF SPACE OPEN YOUR MOUTH WHEN YOU HAVE KNOWLEDGE IN YOUR BRAIN!
thekola::the knicks franchise is mediocre at best. havent done anything useful since youve been alive
thekola::did i hear right that lopez is 14th in all star voting among centers?
SPGCPA::Howard isn't playing like one...he'll get in....Lopez is playing one and might get in
ChrisHall SMD::so dwight howard or brook lopez arent allstars?
NYChe21::And Andrew Bynum has more votes because he's been a beast this year.......at the bowling lanes.
thekola::lol, fan voting is a joke
Rezo201::No, center is no longer a position.
thekola::@chrishall, they just have frfont court and backcourt voting now. s @nyche, nene had 20, not exactly embarassing to give up 20. and brook had 27 and 13
thekola::14th among front court players
ChrisHall SMD::how is it not a position? im lost help me...
NYChe21::He did just let Nene score today at will.
thekola::oh that started this year? i thought that was starting next year for some reason
SPGCPA::Keep yammering Knicks fans......JJ is starting to find his groove....DWil looks like he may be getting his confidence and aggression back and Lopez is playing like one of the top 3 centers in the game (Chandler and Noah ).....knicks weren't going to shoot 48% from 3 all year and old team is starting to show injuries.....by end of year Knicks and Nets will be battling for the 4 seed.....
spcoon::chandler is not a top center in the league. i've no idea how he won DPoY last year. for the knicks? yes. the league? no.
NYChe21::Honestly, the best thing that could have happened to the Knicks is that the Nets moved to Brooklyn.  They actually have to defend their turf for once.  Its cute.
NYChe21::OH god did anybody see Kobe just dunk on Chris Paul?
Rezo201::Kobe is 34 going on 24.
thekola::the knicks win ONE playoff game and have a good quarter of a season and suddenly think their Jordan's bulls or something. please.
Rezo201::The Knicks have spent over a billion dollars in payroll to win ONE playoff game and their fans have the nerve to say 2 Finals appearances is a waste of a Kidd. lmao
NjFan11::BROOOK-LYNNNN
Rezo201::Knicks trolls are getting owned by a handful of people, run along now.
joe kj2::Who cares about them. They've had their whole FFIN lives to think through their comments, what good is trying to reason with them now?
thekola::no no no, let 'em stick around. schooling these idiots is kinda fun.
Thedevil25::Knicksdiaz  As a Net fan, we know that we will always be 2nd to the Knicks in terms of fan base.  That's basically impossible to do.  That's like saying the Mets will take New York away from the Yankees.  But seriously don't sit and say that we suck when the Knicks missed 6 straight years of playoffs.  And the fact that you have only one 3 playoff wins since 2000, which is only better then the Bobcats.
KnickDiaz::I say so cause I clearly remember the summer passed .... A joe Johnson signing without asking says " the nets are the best team in town" ....really dude ?  Before even 1 game is played? ..... Then everyone joined in claiming the nets are better.... How exactly I ask? ....  And if all you guys could talk about is the past decade then that's sad..... Live in the now..... And now you are what your record says you are..... Are we have only 2 wins  Our past few playoff trips ...who cares ...it's 2013 ....
spcoon::2011 nets: .333 winning percentage 2012 nets: .545 winning percentage (so far)  am i satisfied with three games over .500? nope. but it's a hell of a lot better than watching johan petro, jordan farmar, deshawn stephenson and company blow.  looking forward to seeing how this team comes together and where we end up.
Thedevil25::Any team that the Nets put together was going to be better then last years team.  No one said that they were going to be the best team in the league.  the only reason we bring up the past 12 years is because all you can say is the Nets suck when they have been more productive then the Knicks.  You just came back into the playoff picture.  Congrats.  Maybe you'll win a series this time instead of getting the crap beat out of you
My girlfiend is very famous::Anyone up for a good laugh?  The Nets wasted the talents of Jason Kidd because they were too cheap
NYChe21::Shaq and Kobe.  Duncan and Popovich.  Dynasties.  No shame in that.  None.  They also played in New Jersey...hard to get talent there.  It was barely better than playing in Cleveland.
Rezo201::Or maybe Kidd couldn't get them over the hump? Hmmm
thekola::knicks dont even remember that the finals exist.
KnickDiaz::The same spurs that whooped the nets butt beat us ...I'm not ashamed of that...
thekola::back to back finals appearances = wasted to you??
NYChe21::We remember Jim Kelly as a failure.  But losing to the Duncan's Spurs and Shaq/Kobe's Lakers ain't much of a failure as 'wide right'.
thekola::also, thats not the point. the point is going to back to back finals is not WASTING anything. by that dumb logic most of the players in nba history wasted their careers.
thekola::you say no one remember jiim kelly yet you just brought him up.
My girlfiend is very famous::no one remebers Jim Kelly with the Bills, no why?....he never won
Rezo201::Anyone up for a good laugh? Look at the worst playoff records, Melo is number 1 for the WORST. Look at the names after his. lol  1. Carmelo Anthony, 16-36, .308  2. Mookie Blaylock, 18-36, .333  3. Eduardo Najera, 20-39, .339  4. Chris Dudley, 20-34, .370  5. Brad Miller, 19-31, .380  6. Anthony Peeler, 22-35, .386  7. Marcus Camby, 30-46, .395  8. Stacey Augmon, 31-46, .403  9. Shane Battier, 22-32, .407  10. Tyron Corbin, 28-40, .412
My girlfiend is very famous::add Joe the choker johnson to the list with atalnta
NYChe21::You just called Joe Johnson a choker after he buried the Wizards in a horribly played game?  Wow.  The Hawks were never that good in a conference that is only recently improved.
NjFan11::LOL. Eduardo Najera!!!!
Robeks17::The Knicks have 2 players on the list...
thekola::not surprising. theyve been an abomination in the playoffs
My girlfiend is very famous::Joe Johnson looks like a Isiah Thomas signing.....bad contract.....Joe shows up like every 4th game
SPGCPA::JJ is starting find his game....so maybe is DWil....Lopez playing like one of top 3 centers in the game ( Noah and Chandler )......poised to make some noise
KnickDiaz::Really ..... You are boasting that your starting shooting guard is better than our assistant GM ? ...... Damn you guys suck!
NYChe21::Compare their contracts.
NYChe21::He makes too much.  But 2 game winners, beat Boston almost single handedly in Boston (not to mention embarrassing the hell out of Paul Pierce who hasn't found his ankles yet) and dropped 33 on OKC on wednesday.  Overpaid but still a better player than Allen Houston.
Robeks17::Your wrong actually
Rezo201::Marshmelo's playoff record, enough said.
KnickDiaz::And who on the nets team has n outstanding playoff record?
NYChe21::Apparently you're talking now.
My girlfiend is very famous::that was then, we will talk in june
NjFan11::Knicks=Falcons of basketball
NYChe21::That's actually an apt comparison.
KnickDiaz::Njfan.....LOLLLLLL...... What exactly are you a fan of?
NjFan11::BROOOK-LYNNNN
My girlfiend is very famous::I feel more safer attending Knick games
KnickDiaz::Fact.... There's more knick fans at Barclays when the Knicks play there...... There's like 5 nets fans at MSG when the nets are in town...... Just admit it .. The nets Suck!
thekola::that is a stupid basis for deciding how good a team is. fact is, the knicks have won ONE playoff game in over a decade. that is what is embarassing.
My girlfiend is very famous::when they played the knicks at barclays, The crowd cheered the knicks louder.....it was an embarassing blow to brooklyns 5 fans
Rezo201::Cool, you're safer not trying to troll the Nets board, you're getting your butt handed to you.
KnickDiaz::Oh please!
SdotPaul504::What injury does john wall have?
My girlfiend is very famous::he is irrevalent
NYChe21::Dougie Overload.
Robeks17::lol
My girlfiend is very famous::Nets have not one a single NBA championship in like 35 years...sad
dribbledribbleshoot::not like the nets made the finals back to back years in the last decade or anything...
Emoney321.000::the nets won two ABA championships before the merger. I think it was '74 and '76
Porkchop8920::at least we've been competitive in the playoffs in the last decade...
Thedevil25::What fan are you?
Rezo201::Waiting....
Rezo201::How do you not even know??? Bandwagon much? 1973 fool!
My girlfiend is very famous::hold on checking
NYChe21::Apparently they think that beating the Heat twice before January is equal to a championship.
Rezo201::When was your last title? Look it up.
NYChe21::Ewing = Massive Chokeartist 2wice
My girlfiend is very famous::e = MC2
NYChe21::Now do the math.
My girlfiend is very famous::1973
NYChe21::That's how he got to that number.  That's how far he had to go.
Flingtheball::Bulls are punishing the Heat at home with tough play and strong rebounding!
My girlfiend is very famous::Nets are famous for wasting Jason Kidd talents 10 years ago, the triple double machine at the time....now Kidd will win a NBA championship with the Knicks
NYChe21::Are you still hurting from seeing Hakeem the Dream dominate Ewing?
Porkchop8920::And don't forget...... Reggie Miller
Rezo201::And Jordan.
Bkdevil31::The words, NBA champions and Knicks don't belong together.
Thedevil25::sorry.  we had to play Duncan and Shaq in there prime.
Rezo201::Is it alcohol or is it pills that you're under the influence of?
Bkdevil31::For all the money, fans and playing in NY in the most famous arena in the world, what exactly have the Knicks accomplished?
My girlfiend is very famous::Knicks on path to win NBA championship....22-10
NYChe21::I could say that about 5 teams.
8thaccountandcounting::They gave Jeremy Lin a career
Rezo201::Nothing, that simple.
My girlfiend is very famous::Netw just get by the 4-27 wizards, nets going nowhere fast.....GO KNICKS
PartTimeHomer::The amount of things Wittman doesn't know grows with every press conference. Awful coach.
NYChe21::His team IQ is around 12...combined..
Rezo201::I don't blame the coach that much. He doesn't have much talent, the talent he does have is young and some of it is hurt.
TheAvenger007::Lol! Nets squeezed a win against the worst team in the Nba in double overtime. Oh yea.. they are clearly contenders. (Sarcasm)
FC Yappers::Well by your logic, Miami shouldn't even make the playoffs because they lost to the Wizards
Porkchop8920::What team do you like? If it's the Knicks, you guys needed a buzzer beater in OT vs the Bobcats...
NYChe21::^^This.^^
Porkchop8920::how is it not getting it done if they won... Makes NO sense
TheAvenger007::With half of the team not playing. Nets have all of their B level talent and still cant get the job done against the worst team in sports. lmao
Bkdevil31::They also destroyed the Thunder in OKC.
EverybodyComestoRicks::4-27 and the GM still has a job.
EverybodyComestoRicks::Ray Lewis is practically the Dalai Lama for the worldwide leader.
8thaccountandcounting::Not to mention his great choices in Jan and Singleton. Could have had the manimal with our second pick
8thaccountandcounting::Funny, I was HUGE on the sweet caroline boards, and some Sandusky too, nothing happened.  But I made some Belcher, Cleveland and Ray Lewis jokes and got banned
EverybodyComestoRicks::Why are you only on your eighth account? You must not have been here at all during Sandusky time.
PartTimeHomer::Wittman still has a job. Avery and Brown got fired.  I'll just leave that there.
My girlfiend is very famous::Nets will always play second fiddle to my Knicks
KnickDiaz::Who are you?....... I hate pork
KnickDiaz::Just by acknowledging the Knicks have won .... U lost all credibility you had in this discussion
Porkchop8920::Me or Thedevil25?
KnickDiaz::Maybe so .... But the nets were only relevant for 2 years of their existence
Thedevil25::You said the Nets were relevant for like what 2 years.  I said that they were in the playoffs for 5 straight years from 02-07.  I'm just answering you on the 2 year relevant thing
KnickDiaz::That's the best you could do? ...... What's 5 years in the playoffs?..
Thedevil25::The Nets were in the playoffs for like 5 straight years before they got rid of all the contracts
KnickDiaz::Thedevil ..... You either win a championship or you don't.... Pain n simple..... The nets didnt
Porkchop8920::Thedevil25 - And your last one was when may i ask.  *Facepalm*
Thedevil25::And your last one was when may i ask.
KnickDiaz::Says a lot about your team that its nearest competitor haven't won for over a decade and they still way more relevant than you
Thedevil25::You were the laughing stock of the league for years.  You just became relevant again like 3 years ago.  Don't kid yourself
KnickDiaz::All that and the nets still Suck...... Just admit it...lol
Thedevil25::The Nets went to back to back Championships.  sorry.  we did run into Duncan and Shaq
KnickDiaz::Why is there a "since" in your statement...lol.....
Thedevil25::Basically that was the last time your team did anything
KnickDiaz::And what have the nets won?
NYChe21::You don't want to know the answer to that.
Thedevil25::More playoff games then you since 1999
Rezo201::43 playoff games to your ONE in the last 12 years.
Bkdevil31::whats a girlfiend?
Rezo201::Just like your Knicks always play second fiddle to whoever they play in the playoffs. lol
My girlfiend is very famous::yous brooklyn guys a bullies
KnickDiaz::always!
deepen03::JOE JOHNSON!!!
BKNets123456::Blatche should start
PartTimeHomer::He should continue coming off the bench. When he starts, he gets complacent. Take what you're getting.  Trust a Wizards fan.
Bkdevil31::No. we need that off the bench.
UNCTarHeelz725.::Agreed.
8thaccountandcounting::F*UCK David Stern's age requirement rules. We need Wiggins now!
UNCTarHeelz725.::Go to UNC!!!!!
8thaccountandcounting::If he came out of high school he'd be the number one pick this year, good luck with UNC even though as a terps fan i hope he doesn't choose you guys.
rayjayisle::Nets need another scorer plain and simple.  A microwave like Vinny Johnson (old school).  Marshon Brooks could be that guy in a couple of years but not now.  A scoring machine off the bench.
