dude::Fredette, Thompson, and/or Thornton need to be traded for a starting, defensive SG. Hopefully with Landry coming back he'll be the enforcer we've been lacking up front (JT has NOT been getting it done no matter what stats you throw out there). Malone claims defense, but our team is built for a high-powered offense. Either go that way or make more moves to get the defense back on track. We consistently score in the 105 range, but can't hold teams to score less than us.
Newleaf::Coach Malone will lose his job real soon if the Kings keeps losing game after game.  Interesting that he preaches defense all the time and his team is not meeting the expectation.  I think he should be bold and shuffle the starting line-up every game to keep everyone on their toes.
John::As an analyst if you look at the player efficiency rating for the guards on the team.  Fredette should get more playing time than McLemore or Thornton.  Per minute played his numbers on offense and defense are always better than McLemore.  Instead even Acy gets more playing time. Great Job Coaches.
Uan theTruth::As a former coach, I agree with Professor V Gndy Thomas and McLemore continue to be beat on defense. Look two of the top three scorers for CLE were who they were guarding. It is more than a trend. It is happening most of the time.
Professor::As a former coach now analyst of the NBA, I have to say the SAC coaches obviously don't look at the deep stats.  Thomas and McLemore continue to be beat on defense.  Look two of the top three scorers for CLE were who they were guarding.  It is more than a trend.
daniel::The Kings can beat Miami, Houston on the road, give the Spurs a great game on the road but lose easily to the Sixers and Hornets at home.
Uan theTruth::As a former coach I have to agree with the analysts, look at the player efficiency rating for the guards on the team. Fredette should get more playing time than McLemore or Thornton. Per minute played his numbers on offense and defense are always better than McLemore. Instead even Acy gets more playing time.
Doubledawgdare::Derrick Williams truly sucks and Demarcus Cousins is a player who makes his team suck.
PKM::this game should be blacked out just because
dot::5 points for Josh McRoberts! He sucks like Jimmer.
