vonsteve6868::If Patrick Beverley, James Anderson, Tim Ohlbrecht, T Robinson, and Francisco Garcia played all 48 minutes and the Rockets won, I'd be happy. Every real Rockets fan feels the same.
fosbe2009::Man, the Warriors stink.
vonsteve6868::What's the story with Brooks? Does he get any minutes tonight?
andjuan78::Josh Smith is the Tony Romo of the NBA.
Tgooose::Nice thing about JL and JH, when the shots aren't falling they can still hit the FT
Kevin26247::I've been following these boards for a while and a trend that I've noticed lately is Smoove's sudden appearance and obsession with Josh Smith. I don't quite understand how an undersized PF reliant on his better-than-elite athleticism would be a long term answer. He's not going to take 3 yrs/12 million to come to Houston. He takes way too many jump-shots, which he converts at too low of a rate. This has been duly noted throughout his entire career. He's an elite shot-blocker, due to his athleticism, but how is his actual post/man-to-man/PnR/help defense? Just because you can jump out of nowhere and block a shot into the 3rd row, doesn't mean you are a great plus defensively. He's yet to develop much of a post game in the 8 years he's been in the League, and I have my doubts he is going to do that once he comes to Houston. With all this being said if he's willing to come here for 3 yrs/12 million, then by all means it should happen. But again, I seriously doubt he'd be willing to spend the prime years of his athletic career making bench player's money. You'd have to be seriously delusional to believe that.
05Xav::Lin's D and Asik's rebounding won this game period. If you don't agree you didn't watch the game or you're blind.
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::after all the bricks, ev1 stopped watching when halftime hit
Khun4295::<a> Jlin Suck</a>
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::j lin is a system guy so he won't wow you with guady stats but you are seeing less and less turnovers now then earlier in the season and he facilitates more and with uptempo all the time, he doesn't have to rack up assists to be effective.
cfylong::all-star baby, suck it up!
bwc2000::yo mama's $@%!
Queen88022::Jealous!
JairusHawkinns::Chandler will be an  all-star when he matures his game enough to be conistent.
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::its happenning already right before our very eyes!
rockus_2008::Lin could be one of the most fear opponents within 5 years.   He can move like Jagger through a crowded market.
KCRCK::McHale gets called out by the media for not playing Lin and Asik enough.  Next game he plays them.  . .
CR01217::Does he know what is he doing?
rm90025::If this were NY or LA, the level of criticism against McHale for the Dallas game would've been unrelenting until the win against GS.  He can get away with that stuff in Houston.
hillbillymokes::Even though he's still a little above average at it, Lin stepped up on D tonight.  I think people bash his D a lot more than needed.  Compared with what happened to #1 draft pick John Wall tonight, this was a good performance.
cfylong::He's been doing this all year.  His knee held him back at the beg of the season.
Queen88022::The photographers did a great job, so many Lin's pictures. Thumb up.
nycdad22::http://youtu.be/MPStYh4Zxj8
ice_in_my_veinz::warriors fans want ellis back
Smoove Rocket::i can understand that sometimes, but curry just wasn't having it and he was younger and much cheaper. klay can be special and has some nice intangibles.
LightsGoDownIntheCity::Not terribly no
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::Bogut $@%!$@% sucks just like I've always said.
wrecko22::Agree 100%
ice_in_my_veinz::destroyed? bucks are in the 8th seed in the east.
Smoove Rocket::yes, in that trade. not only has ellis been a huge producer for them, but he's also carried over his trade value and even improved on it. whereas bogut makes his team worse and is complete dead money who can not be moved.  so yes, absolutely destroyed.
Smoove Rocket::everyone's known that for quite some time actually. bucks absolutely destroyed the warriors with that trade.
ice_in_my_veinz::all teams fighting for the 6th spot
Smoove Rocket::all teams should be careful then, nuggets have a good shot at #3.
Phatepiclewts::Chandler Parsons is so sick. Future all star.
Smoove Rocket::he's the only other absolute untouchable than harden. i wouldn't want to part with asik either, especially for what we're paying, but would consider it for a substantially improved big.
Only real fans stick with bad teams::I remember earlier in the year sum Rox fans were saying they needed to get rid of him.....where those re-tardz at now??
ScrewedUpTexan713::LOL never seen that lmao !!
ice_in_my_veinz::after durant the west sf spot is wide open.
ice_in_my_veinz::MAN THE WARRIORS NEED BOGUT TO DOMINATE INSIDE.
Smoove Rocket::they're much worse with him, their backup is $12M cheaper, far more athletic, and much better fits their system.  the warriors will be extremely dangerous once all their dead money - biedrins, jefferson, and bogut are gone.
Greygoose crew::GS sinking fast
Smoove Rocket::they'll be fine actually. they still have 4 more straight home games and a bunch more at the end of the year. they lost lee tonight in a fluke injury which completely turned the tide.
Smoove Rocket::i think we'll be fine too, i don't understand why people keep talking about whether we're going to make the playoffs or not.
bobbydagreat::LOL it seems like you think every team but the Rockets are going to be fine. Always the first to discount any achievement and over-blow any setback.
NewAges::Rockets won with defense tonight.....
jason_bautista::Suns, have fun in the lottery! :D
Smoove Rocket::they'll be fine in 2-3 years
Smoove Rocket::i meant financially to start off with, which is at least 75% of the racket in this day and age.  and at least they don't have coangelo anymore and sarver's a decent owner.
bobbydagreat::So? They are a terrible organization and they aren't in a desirable market and they don't have any players to build with.
Smoove Rocket::how so? the current dead money they have will be gone by then.
bobbydagreat::If by "fine" you mean "still terrible" then I agree.
rm90025::McHale almost screwed the game up by going to his 2 bigs set.  It stifled the Rockets offense.  But I will give him credit for recovering from that first quarter error and riding his starters to the win.
Kevin26247::No such thing as fluke wins, unless Golden Tate is involved.
rm90025::bobbydagreat,  there were no hot hands in this game other than Parsons, but even he had a long cold stretch.  This was about McHale correcting the mistake he made in the Dallas game which he repeated in the first quarter of the GS game, not repeating it.
bobbydagreat::He single-handedly won the game tonight.
andjuan78::Smoove Rocket - let's be honest, lee going out 5 minutes into the game with a fluke charlie horse after scoring 10 points won the game. yes, our defense was improved, but this game gets a huge *  In that case, Harden going 3 for 17 deserves a massive * as well Games are never won or lost in the first half.
Smoove Rocket::so mchale caused lee's injury? it did look a little purposeful by robinson, so you could be onto something.
bobbydagreat::Not at all, it was all coaching, just like the game before was all coaching.
Smoove Rocket::so lee suddenly being out after being on absolute fire didn't play the largest factor in the game's outcome?
bobbydagreat::Nope, it was all McHale and his decision to stick with the hot hand. You know, just like the game before was all his fault for deciding to stick with the hot hand.
Smoove Rocket::let's be honest, lee going out 5 minutes into the game with a fluke charlie horse after scoring 10 points won the game. yes, our defense was improved, but this game gets a huge *
rm90025::Should be a good competitive between Houston and Phx, but you have to believe Harden is going to shoot better against Phx.  Houston will win the game by about 7-10 points.
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::DRAGIC JUST WANTED 2 SEE HOW MUCH HE COULD GET FROM HOUSTON. BUT HE TOOK A LOW 7.5 MILLION WITH THE SUNS.
JorgeJorge24::Dragic choose the less money contract...     the Rockets have offered him a 2 mill/year higher than the Suns...9,5mill /year    but without the 4th year player option...  BUT WAS A GOOD CHOICE  BECAUSE THE ROCKETS COACH RUIN THE CAREER OF ANY PG
jason_bautista::That's good.  Good luck!  Meanwhile, we'll be in the playoffs.  Have a nice rest.
bobbydagreat::He overplayed his hand and now he's stuck on a terrible team. It's a cautionary tale really.
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::IM A SUNS FAN WHO IS HAPPY WITH DRAGIC.
jason_bautista::Ok.  Thanks for taking Dragic and thanks for the playoffs experience.
NewAges::go to sun forum and suk it up
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::Dragic 7.5 million Lin 8.5 million Clearing it up for you AY.
AY410::Marketing in the US.... clown. Do you understand what the market is like in Asia?  They went from watching lakers and the heat, to only watching houston. Everygame houston game is broadcast there.
nycdad22::http://youtu.be/MPStYh4Zxj8
JorgeJorge24::Dragic choose the less money contract...   the Rockets have offered him a 2 mill/year higher than the Suns...9,5mill /year  but without the 4th year player option...
bobbydagreat::If Dragic hadn't been greedy and demanded that 4th year, he wouldn't be stuck on the Suns.
jason_bautista::Lin = playoffs.  and no, his market is bigger than US.
NewAges::Rockets already have many PGs....Harden, Lin, Beverley, Brooks......They do not need another PG that already hit the ceiling.....racist $@%
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::Lins marketing is down to.
FAM3085::board is dead.. it was nice chatting Rockets after such a LOOOONG time.. hope to be on here frequently
jason_bautista::Paul Millsap would be the better move for the Rockets... but how? And no, we don't need a chucker.  we need a hard-worker.
Igivegoodupdates::Jefferson is a starter! Maybe ask can go. Maybe bargaini would be a good fit.   Jefferson asik Bargaini Parsons Harden Lin
jason_bautista::Rockets already have at least 3 players that needs to play with the ball in their hands.  Millsap doesn't need the ball to be effective.
Smoove Rocket::you seek zero balance. i seek balance and a backup C at the same time. jefferson provides both.
jason_bautista::Smoove Rocket - neither does jefferson. and more importantly, jefferson can backup asik when he's not on the court.   jefferson simply solves more needs for us than millsap.   Jefferson's isn't as fast as Millsap.  For a running team, Millsap is a better fit.
Smoove Rocket::neither does jefferson. and more importantly, jefferson can backup asik when he's not on the court.   jefferson simply solves more needs for us than millsap.
rm90025::Milsap would be the best move.  He can fit within the Rockets offense and allow Harden to be the #1 option.
Smoove Rocket::millsap would be fine too, but would rather have smoove. he's an incredibly hard worker on something called defense.  jefferson should be our #1 priority.
Smoove Rocket::again, i'm seeking a legit inside-outside game.  we have a TON of 3 point shooters, they will still get theirs and then some. we would not become a strictly half court team.
Edudlufetips3::disagree. jefferson does not run the floor that well, and is at his best in a back-to-the-basket halfcourt style. have you noticed the past 10 games... the rockets, even after an opponent's made shot, get the ball down to the other end with 20 or more seconds on the shot clock. would totally throw a monkey wrench in the system.
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::Jahii will be the pg for the rockets in 2 years. Take Lins job.
Kassom69::Jahii is too short(5'10). Lin is tall at 6'3.
AY410::idk if u were alive. but Luke Walton f*ed u guys up real good
AY410::RPI 93
Khun4295::Lin,the Mr.Quarter 4!
LightsGoDownIntheCity::Warriors continue to throw up sub 40%fgp games, sub 20pt quarters, sub 100pt games while failing to play D. At this point I want them to fail as they don't deserve my respect
Smoove Rocket::so you want them to tank out of the playoffs completely?
AY410::ASU hasnet been to the NCAA tournament for what 3-4 years?
AY410::thanks for the TIP
Edudlufetips3::there is a tab near the tob of this page labeled 'NCAAM.' click it and ask this there.
AY410::wow...just 3 times in the last 20 years...u can thank harden for that
Edudlufetips3::this is harden's team, but there was a big hubbub about how lin/asik would gel around him. they've done well, but one thing is established... the second best player on this team and perhaps the most important 'glue' player is chandler parsons. he can do everything very well.
jason_bautista::This is Rockets' team.  Whenever they forgot that and it becomes Harden's team, it's almost always a loss.  It's all about the team.  You've got to buy in it to be a true Rockets fan.
FAM3085::true.. but his defense is still below average for his position
FAM3085::sad but true... just imagine how terrible we'd be if we didnt have asik?? yikes
Edudlufetips3::he's more than serviceable. his position.. he's required to defend durant, lebron, and the like. we don't have a shane battier to rely on anymore like we did in years past, but i think it's pretty obvious this team in general cannot boast great defense.
Smoove Rocket::no. no it's not 'his'.
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::People on the suns board tommorrow will all be asu fans. You will be hearing alot of asu.
NewAges::Rockets should get a good backup center with defense....
Smoove Rocket::al jefferson perfectly solves both our PF and backup C needs
Smoove Rocket::he fits just fine actually if you ever want to have some balance to our system. i think balance is very important, sorry you don't.
FAM3085::yea but he doesnt fit within the system.. so no go
AY410::King of Tanzania
AY410::Thabeet
AY410::jahi carrson c'mon man...dont u want to dance?
AY410::big game against Arizona coming up...
AY410::Yo ASU boy... RPI 93? and u want to dance?
FAM3085::Should the Rockets try to get Josh Smith for 14mil/4yrs this offseason?
Selvin4715::damn lol
FAM3085::no. anything more than 10mil/3yrs is overpaying
Smoove Rocket::i'd consider $14M for 3 years. he'll likely be able to get $15M for 4.
FAM3085::plus i think thats what his demand in the free market is gonna be.. maybe even 16mil/4yrs
FAM3085::to get opinions
eenz3::He wanted to $@%! you off
Smoove Rocket::so why post the topic then?
Smoove Rocket::$12M, 4 years would be great
FAM3085::maybe, but not 4yrs, when his athleticsim runs out he's gonna be a drag on the cap n team
Selvin4715::Shhh!
AY410::Arizona State [20-10 (9-8), RPI: 93, SOS: 134] The Sun Devils are about as fringy as a fringe bubble team can be while still garnering at least some consideration. Not only are their RPI and schedule numbers well out of range for a typical tournament team, but their four top-50 wins lack a little bite
Selvin4715::no body cares
AY410::pac 10 $@%!$@ basketball
AY410::whats that 3 big Ls in a row?
AY410::jahi carrson sucks at ASU too
sports guy12::Dang, Rockets only shot 36.5% from the field
bobbydagreat::Yeah, it was brutal.
NewAges::So many LOHs turned nuts when Rockets won games......
isaacjoh::oh i like lin
NewAges::Lin only haters....
isaacjoh::whats a LOH
ShiloInn1985::#6, 7 and 8 spots are not guaranteed to anyone.  Everyone can see now clearly, Houston isn't going to fall out of the playoffs. Utah definitely is. And the Warriors are officially a bubble team, if they don't play well over .500 this last stretch.   I'm seriously envisioning Portland and L.A, taking the #8 and 7 spots.
Selvin4715::Portland is not making the playoffs.
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::Fu.Ck Lin I hate his kind.
FAM3085::at least be creative with ur trolling.. its a disservice  to the art
jason_bautista::oh and another thing... too much hate.  you need a psychiatrist.
NewAges::Are you eastern European?
ghostProject4::Tell us how you really feel. haha
jason_bautista::why? because he'll earn more than 25M more than you?  Jealous?
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::Rockets could just have a pf at the 5 and 2 sfs, because they have the main pieces to run.
eenz3::Knowing how good McHale's post game is, I really wonder why he's not using it in his system or at least teaching it to his PFs and C
eenz3::If both of them can improve their post game, their assists will double. More open 3s for everyone.
vonsteve6868::I'd include DMo there. Hakeem could improve his game.
FAM3085::if he can impart some of that knowledge to Robinson, it might just be a miracle
eenz3::To think that some Rockets fans actually liked the idea of having Howard. LOL
Smoove Rocket::howard hasn't done a single thing to improve his game. he's worn a cape during the dunk contest though. guy is a complete clown.
eenz3::Howard must have been a real slow learner or just dumb. He got Hakeem to help him improve his post game and he ended up with nothing.
FAM3085::yea he works with every n any1 willing to learn: howard, lebron kobe, etc
bobbydagreat::He worked with Howard a bit in the past
eenz3::I see.. But my first thought was he was doing it only for the rockets.
vonsteve6868::He has in the past. He doesn't come free, but I think he would if it worked with his schedule. He still has a home in Houston.
eenz3::Also, is Hakeem really mentoring our bigs? I heard he just does that to a lot of random big NBA players as well.
vonsteve6868::Well we have Hakeem and McHale -- two of the best post players ever (with two totally different skill sets). Hopefully they will be be doing some mentoring and our bigs will want to learn.
FAM3085::i dont know.. good question... it prob takes time, lots of it... Or... Bigs these days dont wanna learn post moves,, they wanna be BIG perimeter guys
bobbydagreat::The only player on the team with the ability to post up is Motiejunas, and they don't trust him enough yet.
vonsteve6868::Asik has improved a ton since last year. But he's still a work in progress.
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::I LOVE ASU WHICH IS WHY I LOVE HARDEN. IM A SUNS FAN, BUT WE NEED TO GET A GOOD DRAFT PICK WIN THIS ROCKETS. DRAGOOOOOOON THOUGH. IM GOING TO THE GAME IF ANY AS.IANS GET IN MY WAY WHILE I TRY TO GET HARDENS AUTOGRAPH I WILL PUNCH THEM IN THE FACE.
ghostProject4::This guy have issue. haha
123abc456xxy::lol.. i like to see you punch an asian in the face.. you better be a SUPER BLACK BELT..YOU DONT FIGHT 1.. U FIGHT WITH A GANG OF THEM..
NewAges::wtf?.....racist $@%?....I am sure no Asian will stay on your way to suk Harden's
