nin3rs07::Under 198 looks good here, My prediction: POR 101 SAC 93
Tony413434::Portland should consider making a move and bring Travis back to P-town, He would deff fit the sixth man role.
chris-paul -the -truth::all laker fans are becoming clipper fans or doing this watch this clip carefullyhttps://www.facebook.com/photo.php?v=1381872763348...
chris-paul -the -truth::all laker fans are becoming clipper fans or doing this watch this clip carefullyhttps://www.facebook.com/photo.php?v=1381872763348...
chris-paul -the -truth::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ItaDWfOifXY
chris-paul -the -truth::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ItaDWfOifXY
Rip City Forever::There are only 19 franchises "that can say they have" won atleast one championship. But there are only 14 teams who can say they've won a championship in the city they are still in. And portland is one of them baby RIP CITY FOREVER!
Rip City Forever::That's less than half of the teams in the league that can say that!
johnnyx2011::YAWN.........
SteeleKen::wow, way to create a 'stat' to make your ONE title 40 years ago seem unique...not even remotely, does that have anything of value.
nba is the worst::Were you "there" in that win over the 76ers?
Rip City Forever::Not at the game. I was a young kid. But that finals is what ignited my love for the blazers! Rip city baby
codythegoat::Should be interesting to see if the Kings continue to play better without Cousins. I wonder if the organization is considering trading him.
nba is the worst::Heat fans think they'll trade scrubs for him
Strobes503::he is a complete cancer, it's a shame he can't grow up.
951Antonio::Thomas Robinson has really been a big disappointment this year.  He has a NBA game but he hasn't played like he has one.
Bobby_Rayburn2::This is one game without Cousins, just imagine him out the whole season.....wouldnt it be nice
dog_has_fleas::I will beat this until it is dead as well.....Megan Beeson
ChargersFan4Life001::well im just happy the kings won, and it was a team effort. GG Blazers. I'm out, gn all go kings
dog_has_fleas::Later brosef.
The Real Andre Herring::Aldridge back to the bulls after Boozer gets amnestied?
Strobes503::No way
dog_has_fleas::Back to the bulls?
dog_has_fleas::I really thought T-Rob would get more minutes with DMC out. 20 minutes for him but 23 for JJ? I mean you would think you would play your frst guy off the bench more when one of your bigs goes out. He got more run but James Johnson isn't even consistently getting minutes.
ChargersFan4Life001::JJ played well tonight, even made a jumper
dog_has_fleas::All that I really thought T-Rob would do is board it up, I will take the random points that he scores but defense and rebounding is what I thought what would happen for him, until someone hawks his minutes. I agree with what you said earlier, not a single guy sans DMC and Evans get consistent minutes because no one, including them plays consistently. I like that Salmons is earning his money and sadly he has been the most consistent this season as of late.
ChargersFan4Life001::yeah, i would like to see trob get more time(over outlaw def but outlaw burns the blazers so he will play the next game). Trob is still struggling on his shot, but is getting good on attacking the glass
dog_has_fleas::I know and the last two games he played alright, but I thought it odd that Robinson was shafted. The same way you figure if Brooks or Thomas were hurt Jimmer would get more run.
dog_has_fleas::Lets look at the Toronto game they won, jimmer doesn't finish the game because the big boys are playing for an actual win. -2  4th quarter of Jazz win, no Jimmer in a game again, the big boys had to finish. +3  LA game where they were tight until the last 1:31, no Jimmer +2  Jimmer did help with the win in Orlando, not being the garbage man but actually helping +13  Jimmer didn't even play in the last Portland win, the almost 20 point win-0  Hey he got to play the last :35 of the Warrior 4th quarter and actually hit some clutch FTs -14  Again, Jimmer Fredette came up at the end of the Piston game +1  First Warrior game, Jimmer sporting a -4 since you are so darn infatuated with the plus minus   Do you see where I am going with this one mr +/-? In wins, he isn't that impressive.
JacobyJ4::Look dog... I dont care that he didnt play that much tonight... although he helped get the lead in the second... I dont care because, you are right... brooks and the starting unit were getting it done... but alot of the time they dont which is a given being that we are 9-19... and in those games... alot of the time Jimmer is getting it done and they dont put him back in till late or until the starters have already squandered the lead... take the last time we played Portland at home for example.  He is not the only one being jerked around... but given his stats in limited minutes.. he has the best argument to start of any of the others... you can make the argument for thomas..  but he has been a turnover machine alot this season..
dog_has_fleas::I think you mean the first time we played them but I get what you mean, but that game kind of jsut got out of hand in an odd way in the second. But again, he isn't the only one and that is my issue. The Jimmerettes freak anytime he isn't in the game. When he is playing well and helping the team then I can see why but when they win and they are screaming the win doesn't matter, it just reenforces why I would prefer to get rid of him. I don't have an issue with him but when he fans freak out and call wins meaningless if Jimmer isn't playing is just dumb.
JacobyJ4::P.S. in alot of those games Jimmer is positive in plus minus... which equates to helping in the win... not sure you make sense there... But seriously, do some research... you will find out he leads the team in pretty much every offensive statistic.... defensively, lately he has been just as good as any other point guard.. so ... if you are trying to convince people he is not good.. you arent doing a good job... but I am done slamming you man... just watch the game... you will see
sklater::Dog, but if you have a +, even if it is a loss, then that means you still gave an effort worthy of a win, but others on the team didn't.  Because by that same logic, having a - in a win doesn't matter, as they won anyways, right?
dog_has_fleas::Like i said, i care more about PER and +/- in wins. No one cares about +/- or PER in a loss because it is that, a loss. Say Kobe jacks it 40 times, makes half and they lose by 5. Assuming he played most of the game his +/- would be negative regardless of if he is the reason. At no point did i say he was not good but if people are going to point out all these stats i can show ones that kind of show that he isn't really helping in wins.
JacobyJ4::Homeboy, He is highest in PER, assist ratio... what other stats you want... Sorry your post pissed me off I shouldnt have resorted to namecalling but be reasonable.
dog_has_fleas::Its honestly hard to have any kind of intelligent conversation with Jimmer fans. Guys that aren't fans of the team but just Jimmer, their isn't any talking to them. I don't know if you are but honestly dude, I don't care who plays a given night when they win. I get it that in his limited minutes he has produced but honestly he isn't the only one who gets inconsistent minutes and when talking to strictly Jimmer fans, they don't acknowledge it. I personally wouldn't mind seeing Jimmer start just to see if he can hold his own. But in the middle of a game where Thomas, Brooks AND Thornton are all hitting shots and people are complaining, just doesn't make sense.
JacobyJ4::he is second on the team in +/- ... second to only salmons... coming into the game over the past 5 games he was averaging... 17.7 points per game in 20 min per game... shooting 55% from downtown... and 46% from the field... T  Those are astounding numbers homeboy... I am sorry that you dont like stats because they point to the ignorance of you posts...  Jimmer has been the best player on the team for the past while... and the most consistently good player on the team for the whole season... Also he has had the best PER for all but two games this season... currently he is 4th in the league in PER among point guards...  If you dont think that stat matters look who leads in those stats... thats right SUPERSTARS... Now I am not saying Jimmer is a Superstar... but damn, get realistic.. that kid plays ball.. something you nor king smart seem to understand... WHAT STAT DO YOU WANT?  When he is playing point he has the highest assist ratio and rarely turns the ball over... he also is highest on the team in Points per minute... actually one of the highest in the league in that STATISTIC.... WHAT ELSE CAN YOU SAY ... Nothing intelligent.... because this kid is actually a player... take your ignorance elsewhere
dog_has_fleas::I care about +/- in wins. If you aren't helping them in a win then what are you doing?  Another sad guy who resorts to calling names because he feels more masculine over the internet. Yay for highest in PPM, so should Chris Copeland play more too?
surasosa::im done talking to a b *tch with fleas when u try to pretend jimmer is getting his bucket in garbage time, u making this about fiction.... he has brought them back so many times this year, only to be put on the pine to watch as the team blows his hard work...
Markiemormon::Chad Chad Chad, you're not a Kings fan by any stretch of the imagination, you would sacrifice the entire Kings team just to see Jimmer play and you'll soon have your next identity in as many weeks. Chadkins go back to the Jazz where you belong.. jimmer is taken...
Jim7419::Just wait chargers fan. Look up Nash's early career. Jimmer is doing better on a dysfunctional group of ball hogs.
Jim7419::Bergster Jimmer will excel in the nba. He can do what Steve Nash does. Jimmer can penetrate, draw a double team and he will find the open man. Just wait. Jimmer only needs a real chance. He has a great attitude and he's a winner. I can't say that about cuz, Evans and Thornton. And don't talk about jimmers defense. He's better than Steve Nash.
bergster391::I hope you're right I really do, but I have my doubts.  a twenty-something Jimmer might beat a almost forty Nash one on one, but pleas don't compare the two for at least another decade.
ChargersFan4Life001::Its too early to call him the Next Steve Nash, he is a good shooter but IDK if he is as good a shooter as Nash. And he is def not a better passer than nash
surasosa::do u really not see how much better he looks than the other guards... how much better others play around him.. kings fans smh  exorcist style
bergster391::Jim, Cmon man. College and the NBA are completely different.  Jimmer is and will be a GOOD player in the NBA. Maybe even a GOOD starting player. Too many people talk about Jimmer's Terrific NCAA career.  I feel like he's the Tebow of the NBA sometimes... (ok not quite that bad) but you get the picture
surasosa::its like a twilight zone... it really is...
bergster391::Agreed about the race thing too.
ChargersFan4Life001::why does it always come back to race? thats not the problem
Jim7419::Just wait bergster391. Jimmer had a harder time scoring in college because opposing teams keyed on him all the time. In the nba he just has to beat his man. But Jimmer can be open and cuz, Evans or Thornton will force some shot and not pass to jimmer. theyre too jealous of a white player getting all that pub. Ask Steve fisher who's the toughest player he ever had to contain and he coached the fab five. You know nothing.
Jim7419::I agree with you surasosa. Jimmer was part of the second unit that got the kings rolling in the second half. Jimmer always plays under a microscope. His mins are inconsistent. Ball hog cuz, Evans and Thornton know they're going to get their mins. Jimmer never knows. He can't play relaxed. Jimmer is a complete player, a team player. The next Steve Nash. Jimmer will be a an all-star, avg. 15 pts and 10 assists. It just won't happen on the ball hog kings with their moron coach!
ChargersFan4Life001::Keith Smart's rotations in general are terrible, its not just jimmers minutes
surasosa::true.... unfortuanately with this kind of sound logic u r def not a kings fan... so the twilight zone is still in effect
bergster391::I like jimmer, but complete player??? All Star??? you're crazy man!
bergster391::me too. its nice to see Jimmer have minutes during a game that they actually win
surasosa::good for u guys... how many times have u guys been happy this year.... but hey if ur happy with this sort of a season, good for u... ive often wanted to be ok with being a habitual loser
dog_has_fleas::He hears what he wants to. You could agree with him as a few have and he still attacks you and calls you names because he has no fulfillment in life or something, cannot explain the total disrespect he shows everyone for being fans of an actual team.
ChargersFan4Life001::I just said im not happy with the season and im annoyed when they play like garbage. But in a game like this where they dominated for most of this game, i'm happy. When Brooks or MT are playing like junk and jimmer is sitting im upset, but if Brooks plays well, Salmons plays well, and MT plays well then its hard to complain about jimmer not getting 20min
surasosa::u know how u get what u want that u know u should be getting... u raise awareness that something is off... u can root for the players.. but ur acting content with the garbage ball the kings roll out nightly...
ChargersFan4Life001::i'm not happy with the season, im happy with a good win. and I SAID that jimmer should be starting
ChargersFan4Life001::he is a KINGS fan who is happy to see the KINGS win, and so am I
JacobyJ4::Chargers... you cant support haters like Flea... if you are gonna slam fredette fans when they get out of line... you should slam Fredette haters when they do too... otherwise you show bias... I know you arent bias to anything except Kings wins...   Fact is the second unit has consistently outplayed the first... and thats with a dual point guard thing that only works because fredette can score on anybody....  No way in hell brooks should start... No Way... play the young guys, see what you have and trade some pieces away... sick of watching Aaron brooks put up minimal stats in 30+ min...  Ya occasionally he puts up numbers... but Fredette and Thomas do it more consistently... specifically fredette... thats why even non-fredette followers want him to play... WHO CARES WE BEAT PORTLAND... a broken clock is right two times a day... If you want a playoff team you need to find out what you have... Fredette more than deserves a chance to start... his numbers over the past week... and pretty much the whole season ... are phenomenal... sorry for the novel.
Selling Rafts So Fans Dont DROWN in Jordon Bronners Tears::boogie?
ChargersFan4Life001::booger?
Selling Rafts So Fans Dont DROWN in Jordon Bronners Tears::Howd u get the name boogie?
UCFMiamiHeat::blazers starting 5, is a 45-48 win team. their bench is the worst in the league. so bad.
UCFMiamiHeat::bad loss for blazers.
dog_has_fleas::2, 15, 0, 6, 12, 21, 0, 15 and 18 minutes are what Jimmer plays in Ws. That means he averages about 10 minutes a game in wins, yeah huge part of the team, must need to play more because he is so key in wins. I will point out that in the larger numbers, he is playing garbage time minutes, but if you are surasosa that doesn't matter because Jimmer means they win the game!
surasosa::they dont win u freekin moron... thats the point.. in his ten min he wins all the time.. the fact that he doesnt play in the other 34 min is why they very seldomly do win... thank u bubba... god this guy is a waste of my time...
BubbaSpiker::Stupid post Fleas
surasosa::first in the league in ft% percentage, 5th in the nba in points per min, only king with a positive plus minus...... shooting 47&amp; from the field, 40+% from deep and 95% from line.... but yea.... he shouldn't play.... do u not like the way white folks play ball... is that it.. or mormons maybe, because he has been the best king by far
jptamahome::should i trade cousins for jamal crawford?
dog_has_fleas::In fantasy, probably
Lorenzomax7::Jimmer Fredette has a 21.8 per...oh man...
Markiemormon::He had a chance to shine tonight Chad and he flopped but in garbage time no one can touch him, he's a freakin monster then.
dog_has_fleas::He is not even worth it, he said himself the win was meaningless because Jimmer wasn't playing.
surasosa::and yet rides the pine
Kobelies247::I didnt even know the kings had fans!  How many were in the stands tonight?
surasosa::mostly jimmer fans... at least when ever its popping in here....
dog_has_fleas::Thats the issue, chaddy boy is convinced he will be something amazing based on limited minutes. You know who scores more than him per minute, Chris Copeland, should he start too?  I know it was his rookie season but he averaged 6 more minutes a game last year and his numbers were lower, how do we know with more playing time it doesn't happen the same? I would at least like to see him given the chance but calling for him to play over guys who were getting it done this game, just silly.
Markiemormon::Hey Chadkins, sara soda, or whatever your name is, Jimmer has proved nothing yet.  But in time he might.
ChargersFan4Life001::oh cool, attacking the fans now. Dont have to be such a sore loser
Selling Rafts So Fans Dont DROWN in Jordon Bronners Tears::tell em booger
dog_has_fleas::Not many, I would have been if i weren't deployed.
Kobelies247::Babbit = 5 points? That should be worth about 50mill!   SIGN HIM UP PORTLAND!!!!!
itsatrap123::Well at least one team I rooted for won. Siena Saints? Lost. New York Giants? Lost. Sacramento Kings? Thanks guys :-D
itsatrap123::Sorry about that, man. Hope they get back to a playoff season, at least as a wild card. Playoffs are wide open this year so if you guys make it next year it could be wide open.
itsatrap123::Yeah...they are very weird lol It's sad that I actually have to be worried about the Eagles next week. Fortunately GB is playing Minnesota and Dallas is playing Washington.
ChargersFan4Life001::lol well even if they fail, they won a sb last year. SD wasnt in the playoffs and wont be in for a 3rd year in a row :(
ChargersFan4Life001::SDSU? win Kings? win Seahawks(not a fan just hate SF)? OH HELL YEAH
ChargersFan4Life001::NYG have been very up and down, they blowout SF and GB but lose at home to PITT and on the road at Cincy.
itsatrap123::I mean somehow we're still alive but it's frustrating to watch them. It was pretty much a typical Giants loss today. O-line? Terrible. Corey Webster got burned at least 12 times. Then of course FOX shows them on the sidelines laughing. Great Super Bowl title defense lol  Glad you guys beat the Jets. I hope the Jets lose out.
ChargersFan4Life001::SEA is on fiya, it was great. Sorry about NYG being all but eliminated, but its better than the chargers season
itsatrap123::THAT WAS AWESOME!!! I made the pick and a 49er fan told me to stop smoking stuff!! Niner fans troll the Giants board all the time for obvious reasons ;)
dog_has_fleas::Jimmer 23 minutes, 16 points and a loss  22 minutes, 22 points, loss  11 minutes, 18 points, loss  21 minutes and 15 points, win  15 minutes and 15 points , win  16 minutes and 1 point, loss  25 minutes and 13 points, loss  15 minutes and 12 points, win  17 minutes and 10 points, loss  Does anyone see where I am going with this? He has good games and he has bad games. But some of his good games don't result in a win. So for the people saying oh we need to play him more because he makes our team better, numbers say otherwise.
JacobyJ4::Flea, Jimmer plays on a losing team... they are going to lose games when he has good games sometimes... especially when he averages 13 min a game.... all you are pointing out is that he gets points when he gets minutes... which early in the season was only when they were getting pounded.
surasosa::every min of kings time is garbage time lmao
surasosa::. No one cares about a plus minus in a win. They care that the team one regardless of who plays.   umm coaches normally do... it means that on this particular players time on the court this is what the score board did... u think it means more to ur  point that jimmer doesnt need to play by looking at what sac does when he is not on the floor, as opposed to what he does when he is on the floor.. smh.... he wins while the kings cont to lose is what the plus minus means moron
dog_has_fleas::Scoring points in garbage time when the game is over is winning? Sad how you continue to post and go to insults based on nothing. He plays more in losses than in wins, I wonder why that is.
lewisk09::If he has a positive plus minus that means he's helping the team because they do  better with him in.  So plus minus obviously is important
dog_has_fleas::Don't take logic into my mind, yet they have won more when he is on the bench, coincidence?
surasosa::not to people that dont take in to account logic when making up their little tiny minds
surasosa::yea but u actually brought stats that made u look $@%!$@%!... no way am i passing that up... and im not running around telling evryone to ignore u, while i cant seem to ignore u myself.. so i can post on ur comments...
surasosa::do u realize how stupid this post makes u look. in all these games  he is playing very small min... how can he truly effect outcomes playing 18 min 11 min etc etc... when he is in, he is balling... for u not to see that u have a reason for not wanting to see him on the court... period... in all these games id like to see his plus minus category
dog_has_fleas::He is 7th in points per minute, chris copeland is 5th
surasosa::dog_has_fleas - Scoring points in a loss is equal to....nothing. he didn't shoot them into any of those losses. He was getting numbers in garbage time, Oh yay! Again, go to your blog and cry about how Jimmer led the team to the large lead from the bench.  why dont u go to kings fans dot com... im where i need to be.. a all sports forum... all u want is to sing coom baya and hold hands and talk about how content we all are as kings fans.. because they are playing so great... im not a typical mormon jimmer fan... im a fan because he is a baller.... 5th in  points per min would say that to most.. now he is rebounding and assisting and even picking up steals (3 vs clipper) on top of scoring u would think that would make him even more of a commodity on a team that sucks and cant win.... but not to folks like u and the unhonorable elijah smart muhammad. nope u dont like point a min scorers... and fredette has barely gotten his points in scrub time... thats all isiah thomas's department
dog_has_fleas::Scoring points in a loss is equal to....nothing. he didn't shoot them into any of those losses. He was getting numbers in garbage time, Oh yay! Again, go to your blog and cry about how Jimmer led the team to the large lead from the bench.
surasosa::only thing i got out of this post is some gained knowledge... jesus jones he is a scoring machine... in choppy  min that he cant even cant on nightly, he is putting the freeking biscuit in the basket
surasosa::and dummy in some of those games u posted he is scoring crazy numbers, getting the kings back in it and not playing again... 11 min 18 points ffffffffn WOW
surasosa::that accounts for about all the kings wins lol... and he is the only one with positive plus minus on the season... lol
dog_has_fleas::Didn't you whine about me posting on your comments? That is 3 of 9 wins. Their is no such thing as a bad win because I don't know if you remember this, but you play to win the game. No one cares about a plus minus in a win. They care that the team one regardless of who plays.
Kobelies247::Just shows what a great leader Aldridge is huh? Team plays better without him and his $@%!$@%! contract.....
ChargersFan4Life001::GG blazer fans, GL the rest of the season(after the 2nd night of the b2b)
ChargersFan4Life001::kobelies, i know it sucks to lose, but the blazers are at .500 with no bench. thats pretty good
Kobelies247::And why to i come to these boards again? Not to praise the Blazers you moron.....
Kobelies247::OKOK i miss spoke! Im sorry... What i ment to say was, NO team in the NBA should EVER lose to the kings! Better?
ChargersFan4Life001::i guess your team must be the worst ever cause they lost to the kings 2 times huh? warriors are 0-2 vs them so they must blow
ChargersFan4Life001::...
surasosa::true... it was only because jimmer came in spread the floor and made the team play unselfishly, and got them out of a ten point hole to a ten point lead
dog_has_fleas::No Chargerfan, even in the second half where he didn't play until their were five minutes left, it was ALL  jimmer.
ChargersFan4Life001::he helped, but it wasnt JUST jimmer.
Kobelies247::Portland shouldnt lose to the Kings EVER!
ChargersFan4Life001::if the blazers were an elite team and if the kings were the worst team in the NBA you might be right
redevelopmentguy::Well, you guys have done it twice already this year so I wouldn't use the word "ever".
surasosa::another post directed to me, and another chance to infiltrate for fleas lol.... want anyone play with u little fella.... its alright ill share some attention with.. and i didnt cuss i put a *
redevelopmentguy::Memo to DeMarcus Cousins:  If you are going to be a malcontent in the NBA your team damn well better be winning.  Because there is nothing that will dimish your long term paycheck  potential than a malcontent who is a 43% FG shooter (for a center) that cannot help a team win.
ThinYellowLine::Woe is me...
Nick Saban - USC Trojans biggest fan.::Get rid of everyone but Jimmer. The rest are a bunch of thugs.
Kobelies247::ISnt the kings only road win this season against the Blazers?  PLAYOFFS HERE WE COME!!!!
unlvrunnin::Jimmer would be best on the Harlem Globetrotters.  He can consistently make half court shots and he wouldn't be expected to play any defense.
surasosa::yea and instead of the generals they can get unlv to pick up the mental.. i hear he thumps them in his sleep
unlvrunnin::Sure, that would be sick
Nick Saban - USC Trojans biggest fan.::Did we send Cousins back the ghetto yet? Street trash.
jptamahome::lol
Markiemormon::No... he doesn't want to go to LA
FORKWDEVIL::Demarcus! LOL. What a loser!
ChargersFan4Life001::you should come troll when the kings lose and the suns win
Selling Rafts So Fans Dont DROWN in Jordon Bronners Tears::They only dont start Jimmer because he is white!
dog_has_fleas::Another person who thinks this is race related, sad.
ChargersFan4Life001::starting trouble huh booger?
Selling Rafts So Fans Dont DROWN in Jordon Bronners Tears::This is truth booger
Markiemormon::And because he has no game
Selling Rafts So Fans Dont DROWN in Jordon Bronners Tears::Better than Aaron Brooks
devenking::Trade him to Minnesota then.
Kobelies247::Real great team you got here Portland! Are the Blazers the only team in nba HISTORY to lose to the kings twice in the same season? What a joke........   okok ill wait to we play the kings again then it will be 3 :)
dog_has_fleas::Warriors have lost to the Kings twice, THIS YEAR. I know the lakers have lost twice in the same season to the Kings. Don't be ignorant of facts bro.
dog_has_fleas::Guaranteed almost every team has lost to the Kings twice in a season
Kobelies247::what about 3 times? Cause portland plays them again!
ChargersFan4Life001::maybe not some east teams
Markiemormon::No the Lakers have too
Markiemormon::I take it back, three times
devenking::Sir Troll-a-lot
Kobelies247::Truth hurts so im a troll?  ok...
ChargersFan4Life001::Warriors did
Markiemormon::7 points in 18 minutes, what a super star stud you are Jimmer.  Nothing to write my home about.
ChargersFan4Life001::surasosa, if you wanted the team to do well it would be easier to talk with you. but you only care if jimmer gets his time and shots.
surasosa::the team doesnt do well tho.. ever... they suck... so u would think u would come a little more closer to my way of thinking, and want to see the one bright light that the kings seem to be misusing... despite ur great efforts of wanting this team to play well, they never do.... tonight they were home, against a bad team. and to be honest thomas and  fredette came in and got them out of a 10 point deficit to a ten point lead... jimmer shot 3 of 8 yes, but u didnt mention his 3 rebounds and 3 assist in such a short amount of time.... its just mind boggling to me how long u sac fans will keep drinking the notsosmart aid before demanding that the true good guys get rewarded
dog_has_fleas::I told you bro, ignore him. He is getting hissy even when a guy said they should start him. You and karancowboys and he still throws a tantrum. Then gets upset and thinks he is a big boy using swear words on the net. By his logic Chris copeland should play over melo because he only plays 9 minutes a game and averages 32 per 48 at that rate.
karancowboys::jimmer has been doing great as of late. hes been doing better then all the other guards why not start him
Markiemormon::He is the best garbage player on the team alright.
ChargersFan4Life001::I said he should start, but there is nothing to be upset about this game.
BubbaSpiker::It was nice to see Sac play like a team for long periods tonight.  Leave Cousins in the locker room or trade him for anybody.  It's not a coincidence that without Cousins and Evans they had the most assists of the entire season.
redevelopmentguy::I have to agree with you.  I would not mind seeing both Cousins and Evans go.  Especially Cousins.
devenking::No Cousins, no problem!
dog_has_fleas::Too bad we couldn't get anything for him, otherwise he might be worth trading.
karancowboys::They need to start Jimmer
karancowboys::Hes been doing great as of late. 22 poitns in 22 minutes 16 poitns in 16 mientues 15 poitns in 15 minutes and tonight he didnt do that bad the coach is beign stupid get rid of arron brooks trade him
dog_has_fleas::What seems more of a likely trade, Jimmer for something, Brooks for pocket lint?
surasosa::START HE BARELY EVEN PLAYS....
unlvrunnin::Jimmer is from a foreign country?
Jim7419::Jimmer will have a major Rubio like following someday - just not with the kings!
Jim7419::Not on this team.dumb coach smart is too dumb.
surasosa::hey b*tch  has fleas, why dont u practice ignoring me... instead of advising it.. ur the one that cant seem to stop paying me rent under each of my post.. do u see me under any of urs.... IDIOT
MWaugTigerFan::Its funny how 99% of the time when a team loses the chat is filled with people saying the team sucks. When the game before, when they won,  people talked about how good they're. Every team has bad nights... no reason to instantly think they suck. Also no reason to think a team is great because of one win.
calvintheidiot::keith smart might actually have brain damage
Jim7419::Kings have 31 assists without their two big ball hogs - Cousins and Evans. Thornton was just lucky tonite. But the second unit of JF and IT got the kings rolling.
surasosa::ENGLISH
Jim7419::Thornton is a ball hog. Evn a blind squirrel finds a nut
dog_has_fleas::Why do you think Salmons and Brooks and IT and Jimmer were toting the rock?
dog_has_fleas::Thornton jsut got lucky? Gosh get over it, we won.
SportsAre4LosersWatchPLUS7SunsWin::99.9 % of people on here are ESPN workers hook me up with a job!
SportsAre4LosersWatchPLUS7SunsWin::koke35997, flyguys623, chargersfan4life, i'
koke35997_::Jrue tho
