11madness::kenneth farieds numbers for 27 minutes are simply deadly........what a great draft selection.
pennstate200::ty lwason= seriously underated
segunm1::We are in the playoffs!
diehardnr1::I must confess that my pre-season hope for the Nuggets was to make the playoffs. Just not as a bottom 3 seed!  Maybe I should have been more specific in my hoping...  None the less, the Nuggz ARE in the playoffs...and seemingly set up for another quick exit.  As I stated early season...if the Nuggets are to make ANY noise in the playoffs, then they have to have a Top 4 seed.  This is a bitter FACT for the GK led Nuggets.  Just take a quick look at GKs playoff legacy in Denver...I can sum it up in one sentence:  Denver, under Karl, has NEVER won a playoff series vs a team that had the same or better regular season record...EVER.  There are only three times Karl has broached the Top 4 with DEN... as the 3 Seed vs 6 seed LAC (Clipps had a better record)... 4 Seed vs 5 seed Jazz  (same record as DEN).... and, of course, the WCF run...where as the 2 seed they cruised until facing a team (LAL) with a better record.  I can only be left with one conclusion...Nuggz need to improve dramatically to ever have a chance at a ring.    IMHO Its time for Karl to leave and complete the purge of the pre-Ujiri personnel.  I feel this season is his cross roads...if DEN bounced in 1st round, then so will George...  Gotta win tonight!  GO NUGGETS!!!
so3icy::interested in where Steve Nash might land next year? find out :  http://thenaykedtruth.blogspot.com/2012/04/steve-nash-chronicles-perfect-fit.html
Crazy Celtic Fan::I should have known. Nuggets of Denver will clinch
candycandyYOU::damnn they need this  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zj60UBZmX8c
nicksumas1965::I've been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over $3,000 a month 3 straight months now following this system. I found it by Google searching the words "sports betting system" it was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting  this for anyone out there that is looking for a system that works and is tired of not winning their bets like I once was
nicksumas1965::I've been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over $3,000 a month 3 straight months now following this system. I found it by Google searching the words "sports betting system" it was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting  this for anyone out there that is looking for a system that works and is tired of not winning their bets like I once was
nicksumas1965::I've been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over $3,000 a month 3 straight months now following this system. I found it by Google searching the words "sports betting system" it was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting  this for anyone out there that is looking for a system that works and is tired of not winning their bets like I once was
nicksumas1965::I've been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over $3,000 a month 3 straight months now following this system. I found it by Google searching the words "sports betting system" it was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting  this for anyone out there that is looking for a system that works and is tired of not winning their bets like I once was
chriskerr1964::I've been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over $3,000 a month 3 straight months now following this system. I found it by Google searching the words "sports betting system" it was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting  this for anyone out there that is looking for a system that works and is tired of not winning their bets like I once was
Dane Kitazaki::Take Denver tomorrow
diehardnr1::unless my name is "Futility", "Frustration", or "Failure" then this is a totally false stick-figure message!
TYLILMAX::MELO IS YOUR DADDY
RockyMountainWay1::Melo sucks
Denverboi93::Bitter much?
Goon-::If Denver plays OKC in the 1st round they're gonna get swept.
Stretch121092::they are going to get the 5 seed? you dreaming?
DynastyinBigD::Denver will be playing LA Lakers or Clipper and Mavs will be playing OKC or Spurs
grsshppr::Great game nuggets.  Thanks for the win.  Utah won tonight and that really makes it hard for Phoenix to go anywhere but fishing.
trollatron 3000::who thinks nugget make it to finals
jayeteee::Right now we'd play the Lakers in the 1st round. That'd be fun! Go Nuggets!!
diehardnr1::although I agree with you... it still feels strange hoping for a 1st round matchup vs the LaLas and their faithful fan club (aka NBA refs)...   Fun was not exactly my first thought... "not Again" is closer to my first reaction...  Until last LAC game I preferred the Clipps as a matchup....mainly because of the "super star" officiating...but it seems that the refs bias has spread to encompass all of LA now...
davideg231::Nice job of coaching for the year by Karl.  20 years in a row into playoffs.
diehardnr1::but unfortunately 19 years of failure once he gets there... Hey...who knows...maybe the 20th time is a charm?
diehardnr1::While I like a lot of things that Karl does, I also have a few serious concerns about his being to "set in his ways" to fully utilize the potential of this young, exciting DEN team...  Bottom line on Karl is this disturbing FACT.... since coming to DEN, he has posted 7 playoff appearances....problem is, DEN has 6 one-and-dones, including 1 sweep and four 1-4 exits...think about that...6 of 7 post seasons with a total record of 6-24 (.250)....Sounds like a coaching problem to me
Paulgerhardt71::I've been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over $3,000 a month 3 straight months now following this system. I found did by Google searching the words "sports betting system" it was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting  this for anyone out there that is looking for a system that works and is tired of not winning their bets like I once was
Paulgerhardt71::I've been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over $3,000 a month 3 straight months now following this system. I found did by Google searching the words "sports betting system" it was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting  this for anyone out there that is looking for a system that works and is tired of not winning their bets like I once was
erocthereturn::Nash = Best PG in NBA Lawson = Future Best PG in NBA
BRAY5150::Nash is not the best pg he's top 5 but cp3 is #1 right now
thedude419::No, Derron Williams is definitely better.
Bills_and_Heels::Ya boy Ty goin ham
UnsportsManLikeConduct2::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKLAzyWiC4
springfresh33::Thank you Denver for the win..bet the dogs on the final stretch people
UnsportsManLikeConduct2::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKLAzyWiC4
KNickInThePlayoffs03::same was said about Melo not being a good defensive player, and he's playing solid defense under woodson.  Defense is all about effort.  You can't teach talent, but you can teach effort.
diehardnr1::Oh, Melo played some occasional D here... His "want to" factor is both limited by his ego and enhanced by it...depending on the situation.  Truth is NYK were going nowhere (and Melo D nonexistent) until Melo got hurt and Linsanity built a team chemistry and D mindset in his absence... Melo gets better...his D and the team gets worse while Melo tries to adjust to it being "Lins team". Lin and Amare both get hurt and Melo sees his opportunity to make it HIS team and is playing motivated...  simple as that... it will pass....probably as soon as Amare gets back to trying to make it HIS team again.  Face it....without the "Linsanity" run, the Knicks are out of the race way before the Bulls or Heat get a chance to oust them in 1st round.    Thats okay though....just keep trying to convince yourself that the Knicks did a good thing in gutting their team, salary cap room, and draft position for ....ahem...another "super star".  Good luck with that...
jayeteee::Really?? You can teach effort? I thought effort was something that came from within. LOL. What do I know.
Victor6229::Do you think amare belongs somewhere else? Amare will thrive in a team where he is the main scorer. He will become a top 5 scorer again and maybe back to a mvp canidate. But it will never work on the current knicks roster. Carmelo and tyson complement each other. But amare dosent work with either carmelo or tyson. Carmelo and amare step on each other in the offence. Tyson's takes a lot of room in the paint and hurts amare's game. He just dosent belong with these guys. He should go to a team where he is the leader and the offence is runned thru him. Where do you think amare belongs?
scottftsr1962::Amare will not be the player he was when he was the Suns. Never was a good defensive player or dominant rebounder. Not because he didn't have the talent, but has always lacked the desire to be good at the defensive end of the floor-never saw the upside to being a good defender and rebounder. He is what he is...a good offensive big man that can hit the mid range shot and can take his defender off the dribble. Could have been great but lacked the intensity to do what it takes to be GREAT...Didn't lear it early in his career...too late now...
BRAY5150::Suns back where they belong in the lottery! Haha
Souri98::I like the Nuggets odds against either of the LA teams. All the games has been close one's.
FoZone520::That's what's wrong w the NBA now .... STAR POWER ... That same star power that have CP3 all the flop rights in the world when they played in Denver ....Nuggets gotta win without special phantom whistles they win w hard work and heart not the ne on the jersey we can take either LA team in the playoffs as long as the refs follow the rules n not ride CP or Blake's dick...or Kobe
scottftsr1962::Not sure why you would feel confident against either LA team. 1-3 against Lakers and Clippers...I like Nuggets versatility and scoring off turnovers, but Lakers too big and Clippers have star power now...
Squeeezel::The clippers?Most of those games have been close and the Nuggets blew them out. They rely on hot shooting against the N uggets and that won't work for 4 games.
GoTmJazz52::Thank you Denver!
TheSportsDude2011::Why Why Why did Lakers let Shannon Brown walk away....??????
BRAY5150::he slept with pau's girlfriend
Masai Ujiri::troll
diehardnr1::cannot really call it a troll....seems to be stating fact when based on DEN playoff record under Karl (6 "1 and dones" in 7 playoffs)
bmosheman::Thought this was an evening game and came here to check the score.  #embarrased
Food Be Tasty::Whats the matter Suns? Did ya lose or something?
coloradoxplant::Great job Nuggets!!
badboyscruffy::just when the suns thought they were into the playoffs...sheeeeeeit. I hope they get in simply for Nash's sake.
The Three Point Wizard::nuggets clippers first round
NBAnuggets420::Clippers in 5? Please nuggets in 6 against overrated Griffin
BRAY5150::clippers in 5 if that happens
tdickens2011::yeah if blake continues to flop and CP3 as well!
phatty3327::i hope the nuggets show up tomorrow against the magic
JessieImJames::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKLAzyWiC4
Eric52193::Bulls are killing the Mavs.
TubbyTime334::Mavs might be Tanking
TubbyTime334::Grant Hill would have set the Tone much Differently for this Game.
Eric52193::Grant Hill bricks, would have made it a greater deficit.
TubbyTime334::No Dummy but Hill Would Have.
Tits_McGee_::Hill is a $@%!.
Tits_McGee_::I suppose Channing Frye may have come in handy against the worst 3pt D in the NBA as well?
JessieImJames::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKLAzyWiC4
phatty3327::what is the record of the east vs the west?
rolandftw::Not good.
ummmmyak::damn..did you guys here about jeremy lin http://sportales.com/basketball/jeremy-lin/
helmsey::flag
Danny Mejia Got Gud Swagg::Hey guys just stopped by and to say hi! Sorry I couldn't be here cuz I had to chill with my new Gf i love her so much..............Good win for the Nuggets that gave us a playoff spot.....Now lets focus on  a higher seed......GO NUGGETS!!!!
polocash::he said singular cat not plural he only likes 1
Tits_McGee_::Just don't watch any Jennifer Anniston movies tonight, put your foot down bro.
Straight OutAAA Compton::You're 12 and already pussy-whipped. You will learn...
Danny Mejia Got Gud Swagg::ohhhhhh I see.
Straight OutAAA Compton::then the key is to NOT have a girlfriend.
Danny Mejia Got Gud Swagg::But i like pussy. :(
Straight OutAAA Compton::being whipped is not a good thing, bud....
Danny Mejia Got Gud Swagg::Good for Me! ;)
