ikedrk::Sports science breakdown of Blake's dunk highlighted the fact that he pushed off of Perkins.  Should have been called an offensive foul.  http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=7526230
marshane@gmail.com::http://youtu.be/JUbQ2FMtaFI
marshane@gmail.com::EVERYBODY TALKING ABOUT BLAKE GRIFFINS DUNK ON KENDRICK PERKINS LIKE IT'S THE DUNK OF THE CENTURY OR SOMETHING.... BUT EVERYONE FORGETS WADE MONSTER DUNK OVER KENDRICK PERKINS LAST YEAR.... 3-16-11 CHECK IT OUT http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=JUbQ2FMtaFI#!  http://youtu.be/JUbQ2FMtaFI
chinaurge::That dunk will follow Perkins for the rest of his life and will overshadow everything he has done or will ever do in the NBA.
marshane@gmail.com::http://youtu.be/JUbQ2FMtaFI
okstCOWBOYS vs ALIENS::Personally I really don't think it was that great of a dunk. but what do I know i'm a Kendrick Perkins fan.
okstCOWBOYS vs ALIENS::Love you Perkins. Don't let em get to ya!
marshane@gmail.com::http://youtu.be/JUbQ2FMtaFI
muncieplumbers::OK City fans, I have been thinking about making a road trip to see OK City in their home arena.  I love the way they play, and it seems like a cool thing to witness on their home floor.  How is the home experience?  Hard to get tickets?  Any recommendations?
S4TISF4CTION::Tickets are pretty easy to get. The home atmosphere is great though. "Loud City" which is what OKC calls the top of the area, is an amazing experience to be apart of.
jbrown2452::Lake Show fan here.. gotta give props to that dunk... Ugly. Kendrick Perkins should quietly retire...
okstCOWBOYS vs ALIENS::Don't worry Perkins at least youre not as ugly as griffin
okstCOWBOYS vs ALIENS::thank god he didn't dunk on Durant
burdie57::David Thompson doing a cradle dunk was the most awesome thing ever. Or else Spud Webb's dunk.
nba is terrible::ATTENTION Monkey lovers: The NBA is nothing more than chimpanzees bouncing around yelling at each other (most don't speak english either and I'm not even talking about the foreigners) . Why do you think there are no plays in the nba? It's because they lack the mental capability to understand anything more than " me jump... me put ball in hoop"...get a clue morons
aduysbv::your comment could do without the racism, though.
aduysbv::But for the most part, I think you're right. lol
aduysbv::Jeremy Lin is from Harvard. Landry Fields is from Stanford.
19bigdaddy252::Only thing better, is Griffin and his teammates trying to spell D-U-N-K
marshane@gmail.com::http://youtu.be/JUbQ2FMtaFI
stampystampstamp::http://www.allfreechips.com/?ref=sapcunc  Peyton is riding high!
GoFistYourselfEli..::griffen truely is a freak of nature. i've never seen an asian ginger before
GoFistYourselfEli..::my mom told me i was handsome...
winning8-24::Look in the mirror
marshane@gmail.com::http://youtu.be/JUbQ2FMtaFI
winning8-24::Sorry, i am a bit grumpy, 5:15 and i am still at work ;)
Ryan-Conville::Get to the playoffs and actually win a series.
GoFistYourselfEli..::dunking used to be cool, then i turned 13. not much skill involved
The_Devlin::Hockey requires more skill and basketball requires more athleticism.  I prefer to watch basketball.  Hockey is difficult to follow on TV.
jiggy007::or figure out what channel/tiny network it is on.
GoFistYourselfEli..::qualifications to play basketball: 6' +, black, jump high, bounce ball
jiggy007::Qualifications to troll:  GoFistYourselfEli..
GoFistYourselfEli..::anybody over 6'2 can dunk. hockey involves MUCH more skill to play
Sumerian.::noone to talk to on NHL pages.
jiggy007::Ya whats that post all abooooot?
winning8-24::Maybe you should go to the NHL page, eh?
jiggy007::disagree.
jiggy007::I used to like dunking, but then the rim wouldn't let me  --- Tracy McGrady
winning8-24::then you got your first boner for Blake Griffin
Sumerian.::anyone noticed Perkins got pushed off before the dunk?
marshane@gmail.com::http://youtu.be/JUbQ2FMtaFI
marshane@gmail.com::AND IT WASN'T A FULL DUNK HE THROW THE BALL IN THE HOOP AT THE END.. PLUS HE WARDED OFF WITH THE OFF HAND..
jiggy007::me, you, and Perkins.
Draaaaaaaaaaaake::That dunk was First name Ever, Last name Greatest.
marshane@gmail.com::dRAKE CHECK OUT THE DUNK WADE DID ON PERKINS LAST YEAR.. http://youtu.be/JUbQ2FMtaFI
Sumerian.::your music ruins the legacy of hip hop
jiggy007::Ya the whole scene is complete trash now... Thanks Lil Wayne also...    Please TuPac come back and lay down the law.
jiggy007::Jeff Hornacek finger roll &gt; Blake's dunk
winning8-24::wow, you went there... but agreed
jiggy007::When you brought up the mailman, it brought back the good bball memories... before it was one guy trying to dunk or poster everyone.
Dave5227::Blake Griffin making a 15 foot jumper....now that would be an amazing highlight! A once in a lifetime highlight perhaps!
11aramis111::Anyone who thinks that was a dunk is an idiot  http://www.allfreechips.com/?ref=sapcunc
delishboiler::LeBron's dunk on Sunday was way better
chinaurge::Lebron tweeted his dunk ranks #2 to Griffin's.
winning8-24::Karl Malone had better dunks :)
winning8-24::anyone's dunk was better, since they were actually dunks
marshane@gmail.com::YEA HE SORTA THROW THE BALL IN AT THE END.. WADE'S DUNK LAST YEAR WAS BETTER.. http://youtu.be/JUbQ2FMtaFI
11aramis111::White and Black  http://www.allfreechips.com/?ref=sapcunc
chrisc5082::everything blake griffin does is so overrated this dunk was ok but come on he didnt touch the rim.  To me its as impressive as him jumping over the hood of a kia which to say the least was a compete joke.
winning8-24::the reason blake has to throw it in and not dunk is because this will happen:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xXHGv4fx0JA
marshane@gmail.com::YEA HE THROW IT IN THERE. LEBRON'S DUNK THE DAY BEFORE WAS BETTER, EVEN WADE'S DUNK LAST YEAR 3-16-11 ON PERKINS WAS A BETTER DUNK.  http://youtu.be/JUbQ2FMtaFI
jiggy007::the 2nd one that Darko blocked ends up in the coaches hands... lulz
jiggy007::I suspect that Darko has a problem with gingers, since this game finally brought him to life after ?? years...
jiggy007::2x
winning8-24::wow, blocked by Darko. Enough said
jiggy007::here is 2 better blocks from last week by Darko on Blake.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QxfvzzK-KYE
chrisc5082::hands down most overrated player in the nba no one comes close
chrisc5082::lol im 5"9 and can jump over the hood of a car not saying i can dunk jumping over the hood bur how did that win the contest?
jiggy007::I agree I didnt watch just saw what ESPN jammed in my face and the guy before seemed to complete a way more difficult dunk.
chrisc5082::true but honestly blake should have come in last in that dunk contest
jiggy007::why does putting a superman cape on win you a contest?    Its on cable for a reason, no major network will invest in that garbage.
jiggy007::Its also a joke that KIA is Hyundai's low end brand lol...
speedeespeedee::http://www.allfreechips.com/?ref=sapcunc
wecarroll::Can we please stop with the best dunk ever BS with Griffin. Just like against the Knicks last year, he isn't dunking the ball. It is impressive, but his hand never touches the rim. ESPN really needs to get off the Blake Griffin d*ck already... They showed the replay like 10x in a  row on Sportscenter...
marshane@gmail.com::THANK YOU!!! THAT IS NOT A REAL DUNK... LEBRONS DUNK THE DAY BEFORE WAS WAAAAAY BETTER... EVEN WADES DUNK ON PERKINS LAST YEAR WAS BETTER 3-16-11... CHECK IT OUT .... http://youtu.be/JUbQ2FMtaFI
The_Devlin::The definition of a dunk was said to be throwing the ball downward through the hoop.  It's a crappy definition which means technically you could dunk a free throw if you had enough vertical but that's the definition.  I agree the definition needs to be updated.  It was still a sick shot though but I don't think it was a dunk either.
winning8-24::I think LAC needs to hire Shaq as a Dunk Coach for Fake Griff
flashbang11::Also, Amare dunk on Olowakandi off the Marbury pick and roll, completed with the Marbury stink face &gt; Blake's dunk.
jiggy007::Marbury driving down Hennipen Ave in minneapolis hollerin "Any yall $@%!$@% wanna party tonight?" then complaining about the boring nightlife in MN &gt; annything ever.
Sumerian.::Kobes dunk on Howard was better. Youtube that and tell me Im wrong
marshane@gmail.com::http://youtu.be/JUbQ2FMtaFI
chinaurge::Nothing beats one man jumping over a 7'2 man for a dunk.
jiggy007::this is the best..   http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=-UW6dBHDwRw
The_Devlin::Pippen on Ewing with the stare down was good too.  It reminds me of how basketball should be played before everyone was friends.
winning8-24::Jordan on Ewing is classic, i hate Ewing
Sumerian.::i hate Jordan, but that was crazy too
flashbang11::Vince on Zo Mourning was sick too.
flashbang11::Kobe on Nash was sick too because Nash beat him out for the MVP and Kobe just dropped nuts in his face. Granted Nash isn't tall, but the dunk was nasty.
winning8-24::very true
The_Devlin::It was better but Vince Carter's dunk on that guy in the olympics beats them all.
Sumerian.::agree
winning8-24::How about Kobe on Yao... I think that is top 10 all time
Sumerian.::that was sick too, but Howard tasted Kobes nuts literally on that dunk
winning8-24::Does it really count as a "DUNK" if you never touch the rim. This is at least the second time BG has done this and the media calls these the best dunks ever... I guess the miss the point of what a dunk is...
marshane@gmail.com::THAT WAS NOT A DUNK, IT WAS A THROW IT... WADE'S DUNK ON PERKINS LAST YEAR WAS BETTER.. http://youtu.be/JUbQ2FMtaFI
The_Devlin::Keep reading further down where the definition of a dunk was already discussed.
jiggy007::Mascot Dunk Contests &gt; Blake's Dunk
flashbang11::T-Mac dunk over Shawn Bradley &gt; Blake's dunk.
marshane@gmail.com::http://youtu.be/JUbQ2FMtaFI
flashbang11::Love the T-Mac over Bradley dunk. Harlan kills the call, too.  MCGRADY, OHHH! HE JUST SUCKED THE GRAVITY RIGHT OUT OF THE BUILDING!!!!
bizzo.james::That's not even up for debate.  So much better than last night or any of blake's dunks.
bizzo.james::People lose perspective real quick when it comes to "all time" achievements.  This probably isn't even a top 25 all time dunk.  So many better dunks with clean flushes and no push offs to get it done.
marshane@gmail.com::http://youtu.be/JUbQ2FMtaFI
jiggy007::like the one below.
jiggy007::yea the Kobe one I posted hurts because I was sitting there seeing it happen to my Wolves..but KG has been on the wrong side of a few posters in his career.   Like Baron Davis rookie year when he teabagged KG
bizzo.james::Kobe has about 10 of his own that are better than what we saw last night.  Same with lebron, wade, carter.  Griffin needs to stop pushing off defenders if he wants to be at that level.
jiggy007::This dunk is much better....  http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=-UW6dBHDwRw
marshane@gmail.com::EVEN THIS..... http://youtu.be/JUbQ2FMtaFI
sportsfans1995::Blake Griffin overrated? yes? or no?
marshane@gmail.com::YES.... BETTER CLEAN NO PUSH OFF DUNKS OUT THERE.... CHECK IT OUT  http://youtu.be/JUbQ2FMtaFI
gouconnhuskies3::The bigger issue than the dunk was the clips demolished the best record in the league.
jiggy007::then the bigger issue is they lost to MN at home.  And dont say CP3 cost that, Mo had a great game, and the Wolves played with a 9 man roster.  Also Darko put up 22 on Blake... Hmmm
jiggy007::Kevin Duckworth would have stopped that.
GermanKlippa::Kevin "Big Mac" Duckworth.....?!?
GermanKlippa::LOL.....nice one......hehe
jiggy007::I bought his game worn jersey for a shower curtain.
jiggy007::I just wanted to use Kevin Duckworth in a sentence today, and this dunk made it possible.
GermanKlippa::K,,,,,,,Yo....he was member of the Clippers back in the mid 90´s, too.......
jiggy007::You better believe it!
GermanKlippa::I am a devoted Clips fanatic since the Rodney Rogers, Bo Outlaw, Lamond Murray, Bill Fitch days back in 96/97...... Besides, I am abducted by geography so to speak as I do in Germany....ergo, I followed da Clips during many, many NIGHTS or MORNINGS overseas here in Germany even in campaigns they were losing. I am thick and tired of the newest bandwagon going around in the NBA named "Clips bashing" or especially "Clips fans bashing"......  Go CLIPS.....!!
GermanKlippa::LOL.....really...wow....congrats on that.....!! I am also a big follower of (Euro) football AKA "soccer"......and there, I do follow my local home team....they were champs of the Bundesliga in 1967 but after that....they were in seemingly endless droughts, too.......  Go CLIPS and Eintracht.....)) Out.....
GermanKlippa::D. Miles -member of the high and flying Clips of the early 00´s.....that´s cool. Yeah, back in 2005/2006 they were on the brink of eliminating phoenix in the Western Semis but Sam "I am" committed an 8 sec. violation in the crucial game and oh well, then came Bell.....  After all, I always to tend to root fro the ultimate underdog....so, the Clippers were the perfect choice for me.....now, I enjoy the winniest streak by them I ever happned to see....I have to enjoy while I can I guess.... Bye from Germany and of course, it still is:  Go CLIPS......!!
jiggy007::I live in MN and have no choice but to root for the underdogs lol... Vikings/Wolves/Twins/Mild...  Guess we have the WNBA Champs... Yay.
GermanKlippa::Well, I have no prob with that....though, the Wolves got kinda lucky after all....but thats not Clips bashing at all. Its all those lunatic barely decipherable ramblings of uneducated bandwagoners per se idiots who say that every Clips fan is a bandwagoner who joined the bandwagon in December of 2011 or something.....RIDICULOUS to say the least.
jiggy007::I wear my game worn D. Miles Red Clip Jersey all the time way up here in MN....!!   The Clip deserve some love, they have been getting crappped on forever it seems like..  I was happy when Sam Cassell actually put in half a season of effort there a few years back and ESPN actually had some positive things to say about them...
jiggy007::Clip bashing is Rubio and the Wolves coming to LA and winning after being down 15 in the 3rd.
Dallas fans are Trolls::wolves=top 5 in the west
jiggy007::I think so too, but their record will have to reflect that to matter.  Rubio as a starter is making a huge diff.
jiggy007::The play how it should be called by NBA rules (on paper)    Griffin sets illegal moving screen at the 3 point line, rolls left catches great bounce pass, jumps, grabs a hold of the defender and uses him to propel himself above the rim for a dunk.  Griffin commits 2 fouls on one play, and a delay of game.
gouconnhuskies3::plus refs use the moving screen call to prevent players from sliding in the direction of the person being screened to keep them from getting through. He rolls away almost immediatley and barely even makes body contact wit westbrook, so actually i think you're wrong twice
jiggy007::I see your points as well.... it could have been worse.  I guess its just the coverage ESPN and Lob CIty and all this crap has generated.  The whole I dunk so now I'm a really tough guy (while giving the tough guy stare) thing is lame...  LeBron pi.sses me off more.. If I have to see the tough guy dunk face, maybe I would be more interested if we saw they tough guy DEFENSE and TEAM PLAY face..
gouconnhuskies3::I don't think it was a moving screen... The whole point of the moving screen call is that you cant't move your feet while setting a screen, and its a judgement call as to when the PG runs his man off the screener... Notice Blakes first reaction in describing the play is complimenting paul... it was a quick screen and roll... get used to it your gonna see it a lot with these two
jiggy007::moving screen is illegal regardless of how hard the contact is....    Check every screen KG has ever set.
gouconnhuskies3::The moving screen possibly, as for the dunk, Perk fouled him with the body, if he were straight up and down fine, but he fouls griffin as he's going up... I'm not really seeing the grabing and pushing off, look like he went right over the top of him to me.
jiggy007::I was acting as a home announcer lol.... No my bad I agree that he did jump "toward" Blake also... so add another foul to the play.    I clearly see Blake's offhand holding/pushing
gouconnhuskies3::As long as the THunder get all their scoring from Westbrook and Durrant, I'm not seeing them going all the way. Clippers balanced attack just manhandled them.
The_Devlin::The definition of a dunk from a previous post:  When a player throws the ball downward into the hoop.  So a player like LeBron, D Howard or Griffin can "dunk" the ball from say 5 or 6 feet away from the rim by just jumping vertically (not towards the basket), getting your hand and ball a few feet over the rim, and throwing the ball "downward"?  That doesn't sound correct. By that definition a player who is tall with a sick vertical could "dunk" a free throw.
The_Devlin::They were close, probably none of the made ones.  But some of the missed ones were probably technically missed dunks.
jiggy007::Physics cant explain the trajectory of a Shaq FT...  Probably easier to prove God exists.
jiggy007::Ha were all of Shaqs FT attempts actually dunks then?
reingardl::Thats actually really funny....
The_Devlin::That's crazy.  I want to see someone dunk a 3 pointer then.  D Wilkins could have dunked a 10 footer with a flat footed jump.
reingardl::Exactly, if the ball is thrown downward into the rim from anywhere it is impossible for your hand to not be above the rim. So yes if a guy could jump high enough to simply jump up and throw the ball down into the rim from anywhere on the court by definition it is a dunk.
jiggy007::He still cant dunk on Darko.    Or play defense.
jiggy007::Isnt it illegal to use your off arm to hold a defender down?
RonTuna::WHAT HAPPENED TO ME??????
nba is the worst::Sushi?
fishinsumbeach::More of an attempted dunk that went in. But heck, everyone gets a trophy. Its a fictional dunk like Tigers slam was.
Shutdown Logic::Dunkers rarely grab the rim when they dunk. Dunkers know that if you try grabbing the rim on a power dunk, you may end up flat on your back or neck.
localsfgiantfan::OMG! did that just happen? Best dunk of the season hands down. The guy's a freak!
sportsfans1995::why do people say blake JUMPED over a car at the dunk contest last yer?? he JUMPED over the HOOD.......he's overrated
sportsfans1995::the hood
jiggy007::it was a KIA.... I just saw a squirrel leap one.
sportsfans1995::he did dunk over the rim! people thinks he's a good player but he's not!
Shutdown Logic::Not sure, but I think the hood is a main part of a car. But I'm not sure.
sportsfans1995::he is a good dunker..and derozan should have one! If blake didnt dunk he would be an awful player. He can barely shoot 3's and 15 footers..i dont know why he's gunna be on the usa team. he's got no defense
AZwildcatz4life::Blake is def the best in game dunker but Derozan got robbed in the dunk contest.. his dunks were filthy
Shutdown Logic::"I don't think Perkins should be ashamed." - Anderson Verajao
supreme91::Blake dunk on Mosgow or Blake dunk on Perkins??
Shutdown Logic::Perkins, because it was more powerful.
nba is the worst::Neither is all that, similar to the Dwight superman cape throwdown
AZwildcatz4life::Perkins cuz he actually dunked that one.
reingardl::No it is exactly like that. There is nothing that says the hand must make contact with the rim in the definition of a dunk only that the ball must be thrown downward into the hoop. Therefore, if I had the opinion that it isn't a dunk because the backboard doesn't shatter it is essentially the same thing that you are saying as it says nothing in the definition about the backboard shattering for it to be a dunk.
AZwildcatz4life::not really
reingardl::Incorrect definition. That's like saying it isn't a dunk if the backboard doesn't shatter.
AZwildcatz4life::my definition: hand must touch rim while "dunking"
reingardl::Mozgov was a dunk as the ball was thrown down into the hoop. The definition of a dunk is when a player throws the ball downward into the hoop. As the ball was thrown downward into the hoop it is in fact a dunk.   I liked the Perkins dunk better than the Mozgov dunk.
Razorbacks926::I am really indifferent about the Clippers and they are really entertaining to watch.  BUT it gets annoying when every night is "Griffin leads the Clips" when Chris Paul is by far the best player and the leader of the team.  Griffin's cool dunks (last night's was amazing) bring excitement, but Paul is bringing the W's to LA.
Soonerhopeful1::I like CP3: A   top 3 NBA  PG, if not the Best;...But  the Clippers ship, is run by Griffin power; Griffin is the Golden goose, which makes all Clippers dreams come true.  Chris Paul is the Captain of the Ship no doubt, but Griffin is The " Dreadnaught" of  the League, and feared by all..! He's an unstoppable force, and could and can get  30 in any game, that they feed the Beast.!   Clippers seek balance,,, wow..!
