Fishstick2013::LAST!
mosesbyu::Free Jimmer.
anonymous sports observer guy::there is noi second
anonymous sports observer guy::ITS A SIN
hyluo4::I hope they lose 10 in a row, and fire the coach again. Haha.
LeeFortier::What is really funny is that people have been coming on for the last 30 plus years and predicting that the Lakers will not win, that they suck, pick stats to attempt to prove their point of doom and gloom and rile some people up....yet the Lakers continue to win and have more championships during that time than  any other team. Even Celtic fans understand and acknowledge this yet all the newbie bandwagoners somehow think that they have something new to add and that they know better. We will see some of you in the playoffs again...if your teams can even make it. Even you know that the Lakers ae going to be there. See you then...maybe
jessica_rabbit17::Lol!!after lakers got Howard and Nash fakers said the title is ours!!after 5 games u fire ur coach and are 6-6 the worst star ever in laker history!!!lmfao!! What a joke to bring Howard to la!! Second round exit for lakers....if u get that far!!lol
mini_yao888::Once the Lakers go into a nose dive of losing... watch out for the Kobe death stare on D'antoni.
elrodh3::It won't be D'Antoni's fault.  The Lakers bench is not even close to NBA caliber and from what I've seen so far this year, Howard is completely overrated. He doesn't play with attitude, gets too many shots blocked, and of course grade school free throw shooting ability. With this lineup, they'll be lucky to win 45 games.
Sir Fappington IV::D'antoni will deflect it with his mustache
.Whack Momba::<b>leakers</b>
darkangel007bond::"Is it time to jump on the Clippers bandwagon now?" - Lakers fans
elrodh3::The Clippers are definitely more fun to watch this year.  Good starting 5 and a solid bench, I think they can play with anyone.
swooshfiend::except OKC
bankerelm::Never
swooshfiend::Never ever!
Dallas Mavs Where Plan Z is Greater than Plan A::-- Lying Laker fans
chuckyg2::I Love it! Shout out to Phil Jackson and Mike Brown! Two thumbs down to Jim Buss!
genjeskhan::now that turkey day is winding down, time for kupchak to get back on those phones and convince a team to make a deal for gasol.
Dallas Mavs Where Plan Z is Greater than Plan A::GASOL FOR KWAME BROWN
The Admiral 50::After looking at the two teams squads I thought the Kings were going to absolutely hammer the Lakers, the Lakers did well to get that close!
Dr. NuN::This just keeps getting bettor, and bettor. 0)
Trufant232008::0 heart + 0 hustle + 0 post moves + 0 free throws = D12
Trufant232008::Dear D12,  Dunking is not a post move. Signed, Laker Fans
Carbon-based::Black mamba 81 pt  game on Twcsportsnet  right now
D antoni rides black mamba::Kobe has the most 30pt+ games ending in a loss.  Leading the Nba in scoring but losing games
itsover2222::kobe only starts scoring when the rest of his team cant make any shots you saw that 3rd quarter didnt you
Dr. NuN::When you're rite, you're rite. And he's rite. Mamba needs to be more of a fookcilitator. 0(
Kobelies247::Youre such an idiot
airic.ad::D12 will sign with the Hawks at the end of the season!  PG: Teague SG: Korver/Harris SF: Smith PF: Horford C: Howard  Bench: Williams Korver/Harris Johnson Pachulia Stevenson Morrow
Trufant232008::How will we find someone to replace those 4 FGs?
kb24greatness::good
Gaspo. Kevin Love is back.::Hey msu are u a lions fan?
MSU SPARTAN PRIDE - PISTONS RULEZ::Purely by location.  I don't really like the NFL...
PrettyFlyForAWhiteGuyOC3::Me too! NBA &gt; NFL
MSU SPARTAN PRIDE - PISTONS RULEZ::I might be the only white guy who likes the NBA more than the NFL,
Gaspo. Kevin Love is back.::Oh
MacDime_10::For those of us who know the game of basketball, the Lakers' problem is obvious.  The entire team took 65 shots and Kobe took 20 of them.  He basically tried to score every time he touched the ball.  It was obvious that his teammates needed him to be a playmaker because they were struggling to get good looks for themselves, but he doesn't care about winning.  Sure, when the mics are in his face he lies and says he only cares about winning titles.  But when you watch him play like he played last night, it's clear he only cares about being The Man.  He knows for a fact that the Lakers can't beat anybody if Dwight shoots the ball 4 times, yet Kobe intentionally kept the ball away from Dwight's side of the floor.  Kobe jockers are the biggest fools on earth who know zip about basketball.
Dukaw12::Kobe is desperate to be like MJ that's why he play only to build up his statistics, and not for the team to win a game. He is surrounded with good mates but no wonder why they keep losing? Listen to your people Kobee - don't be greeedy.
Trufant232008::I dont care what you say NO LEGIT CENTER would end a game with 4 shots. He never demanded the ball last night NOT ONCE. Shaq could average 30 points playing with Kobe why cant D12? Oh thats right HE HAS ZERO POST MOVES. Sactown Bigs made Dight look like a B.I.T.C.H.
Grodisss::Kobe was playing that role(playmaker) like 8 straight games and now one game Howard had 4 shots( it´s exception), he will have more shots in every game, Howard had like 3 easy buckets because of kobe every game like 8 straight games and it will continue, except one game yesterday, it´s not kobe fault that he had 4 shots, playoffs matter, you speak like Howard will have 4 shots for all season........they will be allright, it´s only one game. Miami starts first year 9-8
MBC32AMG350Z::Macdime is correct. If the Lakers truly believe their the team to beat, Howard needs more than 4 shots. Kobe is a great player, we all know that, but he needs to put his selfish ego aside and get the ball to Gasol and Howard down low. There are only 2-3 team that can give LA fits in the paint. Period. Until that happens, Kobe will not win his 6th ring. Plain and simple
kb24greatness::you never even watched the game
Grodisss::if team shooting overall 50%, it´s really good...........Kobe was FG 11/20 55% 3PT 5/9 FT excellent as usually.....another bad person and big hater........the most stupid thing about basketball what i have seen "he doesn't care about winning"........this man works hard every day 17 years and he would never lie about winning.....unfair person you are
scottpilgrim33::"Lions didn't get screwed at all"  Golden Tate
Radi0Voice::MSU SPARTAN PRIDE - PISTONS RULEZ "dwight was obviously tired he had like 4 or 5 shot attempts"  I hope that was a joke. He's the "YOUNG" guy on this team so that doesn't bode well moving forward
Radi0Voice::So how exactly do you expect his back to get better?? If that's really his problem. Because we all know (outside of LA anyway) that Dwight has a multitude of issues that will keep him from even sniffing the REAL superman's jock let alone be compared to him
Radi0Voice::So then why play him 41 mins in the 2nd night of a back-to-back?? Besides Dwight is good for these types of performances. Just check his old box scores in ORL
MSU SPARTAN PRIDE - PISTONS RULEZ::My son,  Much to learn you still have.  He is rehabbing through playing.
MSU SPARTAN PRIDE - PISTONS RULEZ::he also just came off back surgery like 3 months ago
Sacjai::7 months ago
PlayStation AllStars Battle Royale::I have become the greatest pokemon master - But it will take days for delivery I wan it now!  you can do a store pickup (same day)
Heat_Master_Sage::wow.. lions got screwed   and what bb? this is thanksgiving
Ustna5::The LIONS are getting SCREWED over
PlayStation AllStars Battle Royale::this a BBall board, take your Rugby conversation elsewhere pal
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::LOL
Radi0Voice::So far (12 games in)  the Lakers' 2 BIGGEST problems are what I thought they'd be: DEFENSE and D12's disappearing act. They just can't keep up with these younger teams and Dwight is NOT worthy of a double team!
convolutedthought::lol Boston made 1 run...Heat are just all young so they can run...lebron is only good due to his athleticism once that is 2-3 years he would wish to have Kobes game at 30+
PlayStation AllStars Battle Royale::these guys can't play well together, they'll have the same problem as the Knicks  It seems only Heat and Boston have done this correctly so far
Radi0Voice::Agreed. Boston and Miami have the personnel to play focused and consistently imposing defense.
Ustna5::b-b-b-b-but...he's a Laker!!!  lmao
D antoni rides black mamba::Kobe makes no one better
convolutedthought::@Grodisss  Thank you someone else sees it...lebron makes players around him worse Wade pts, assists, reb all went down...Kobe made Gasol stats better in every category and improved his FG%
Grodisss::At least with Kobe Shaq became Shaq, Kobe made Gasol from 18p,8r to 18p,10r with much better fg%(except this season), Howard will be best ever in his career with Kobe(not yet 100%), but with Lebron all players are to much declining, no player has better stats with Lebron when join him............especially D-Wade
playmakerzam::shaq became shaq??! whoever SG you put with SHAQ SHAQ wil deliver, do you even know how kobe was such a liability on the playoffs? shaq played monstrous games just to offset kobes ballhoging
Radi0Voice::That's why these last 2 seasons (if we believe Kobe) will be a big FAIL for the SECOND best team in LA
Heat_Master_Sage::only Msu   Pokemon: I'M BORED TO DEATH WITH MY FAMILY  MSu: give me a pic of your sis!
Ustna5::"The Lakers are truly ELITE"  -ONLY Laker fans
D antoni rides black mamba::FyI ball hog kobrick had 7 turn overs
I have become the greatest pokemon master::Whenever Kobe averages 1 or more assist per game lakers will have a legit chance for 9th seed!!
I have become the greatest pokemon master::I'm going crazy my ps3 broke and I can't play black ops 2! I'm going to best buy for Black Friday to get a new ps3! These hours feel like days! My family is here so I'm stuck at home n I'm bored to death!!!
D antoni rides black mamba::His sister has hairy balls enjoy that Spartan
Heat_Master_Sage::wtf msu
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::THIS IS SPARTA!!!!
MSU SPARTAN PRIDE - PISTONS RULEZ::LLLLLOOOOOLLLLLLL
D antoni rides black mamba::Go do something instead of playing video games and popping pills
I have become the greatest pokemon master::Fûck u
MSU SPARTAN PRIDE - PISTONS RULEZ::Wanna send me pics of ur sister?
I have become the greatest pokemon master::Lol
Heat_Master_Sage::I'm getting mine from gamestop
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::or watch football
PlayStation AllStars Battle Royale::just get it online from best buy right now 199 and you get the inFAMOUS saga (awesome games)
I have become the greatest pokemon master::But it will take days for delivery I wan it now!
PlayStation AllStars Battle Royale::then just get it now, instead of waiting in long lines and with a chance of not even getting it  the only reason I'm going later, is for the ACIII liberation Vita bundle (white Vita)
I have become the greatest pokemon master::That's the one I'm buying also!!
Heat_Master_Sage::still can't believe a lakers fan blamed the refs last night
scottpilgrim33::39 free throws isn't enough. we should've had 60"  Laker fans
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::Too many people are saying the Lakers are Finals or bust... I dont think so. If they fail to make it past the second round, it wont be the end of the world because  you can see they dont have the personnel.  Maybe in a couple of years.
Heat_Master_Sage::they just fired a dude after five games.. if they don't make it to the finals they will go in overblown mode
I have become the greatest pokemon master::Anybody play black ops 2?
Heat_Master_Sage::I do on ps3
PlayStation AllStars Battle Royale::nope, terrible steaming pile
Jthizz69::still can't believe this pathetic Lakers squad gave  up 40 to the Kings in the 4th. The "little brother" clippers put on a much better showing on the road against the defending WC camps
I have become the greatest pokemon master::Lebron James is charizard Kobe is magikarp
D antoni rides black mamba::rudy gay will abuse kobrick and the fakers
scottpilgrim33::Final score for Griz Lakers will be Griz 120 Lakers 99   Kobe shooting bout 6/26
Heat_Master_Sage::karman is going to abuse dwight lol
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::LOL, you remember that?
scottpilgrim33::Yup seeing as Eddy Curry of all people had no problem
scottpilgrim33::Can't wait for the Mavericks to pick up another easy victory against the lolakers on Saturday. O.J. Mayo gonna take Kobe to school
Heat_Master_Sage::So far I would have it   Dwight Bosh/Marc Jordan Chandler Monore
Heat_Master_Sage::Lopez  remidns me of a lengthy power foward
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::Nah, he has a polished back to basket game, so I guess that is a compliment lol
Heat_Master_Sage::who?
Gaspo. Kevin Love is back.::Hopefully before Christmas
Gaspo. Kevin Love is back.::Hopefully before Christmas
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::Gaspo. Kevin Love is back. - I hope u are joking  Dude, your Wolves are disappointing me. When will Rubio return?
Gaspo. Kevin Love is back.::I hope u are joking
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::I would put in Brook Lopez somewhere. He's been solid
Gaspo. Kevin Love is back.::Pekovic
scottpilgrim33::Top 5 players in the league 1. Luke Walton 2. Brian Scallerbrine 3. Erick Dampier 4. Smush Parker 5. Kwame Brown
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::"Who's Smush Parker? Oh you mean piece of $@%!?"  - Kobe
Gaspo. Kevin Love is back.::Spelling was not a strong subject for u was it?
PlayStation AllStars Battle Royale::more like out of the league
PlayStation AllStars Battle Royale::Jordan, Bosh and Gasol (Marc) are dominating the C position right now "I'm sorry, frontcourt" Bosh will be a starter in the AllStars game (should be)
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::Oh please, Kaman and Bogut are more skilled than Marc Gasol
Heat_Master_Sage::sarcasm?
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::Yep
Heat_Master_Sage::by the way  marc gasol &gt; karman, jordan, and chandler and bogut
Gaspo. Kevin Love is back.::Agree
nba is the worst::Kobe career 7.6 fta/gm, playoffs 7.4  lebron 8.8 career, 10.3 playoffs  FACT
PlayStation AllStars Battle Royale::Kobe: Shooter LBJ: Slasher so, there. It's not a conspiracy, just different play styles did you see how much LBJ drove in the playoffs
D antoni rides black mamba::Whats mj's
scottpilgrim33::Best centers in the league top 5 1. Andrew Bynum  2. Tyson Chandler 3. Chris Kaman 4. Andrew Bogut 5. Deandre Jordan
Heat_Master_Sage::Bosh isn't forced to be center.
supe540::Bynum and Bogut are having excellent years so far.
MSU SPARTAN PRIDE - PISTONS RULEZ::Greg Monroe?  Where is the respect for Greg Monroe, the guy got a f-kn triple double this season.  He is a great passer, can shoot, defend, block. GOD even ESPN was naming top east centers and named dam garnett and didnt even mention monroe
MSU SPARTAN PRIDE - PISTONS RULEZ::im gunna take my belt to ur a.ss gaspo.  and just because hes on the pistons doesnt mean he cant be recognuized
Gaspo. Kevin Love is back.::Overrated
scottpilgrim33::Probably because he's on the Pistons
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::If this is a joke, dont put Chandler in there, he is actually a quality center
scottpilgrim33::It's not a joke
Heat_Master_Sage::bosh?
scottpilgrim33::Bosh don't count though. he's just a power forward whose forced to play center.
Gaspo. Kevin Love is back.::Pekovic
Gaspo. Kevin Love is back.::Drop 21 on your amazing pistons last year
MSU SPARTAN PRIDE - PISTONS RULEZ::what he gets like 7-8 rebounds and 10-12 points a game   nothing to see there
Gaspo. Kevin Love is back.::Please explain?
MSU SPARTAN PRIDE - PISTONS RULEZ::overrated.
D antoni rides black mamba::Another defensive gem by the lakers
D antoni rides black mamba::Lakers will get older and slower when Nash gets back
PlayStation AllStars Battle Royale::I hope they get much better though cause it's embarrassing for the league what's happening to them (although LA fans don't deserve any sympathy)  plus I'm a big Dwight and Nash fan
