2perishable::Jazz will keep winning as long as the opponents score less than 80 points! Hopefully we can find some offense.
conlevis2::not 1 point from ANY of your PGs and you still win?  the NBA really is where amazing happens.
Michael Bubby::Wow looks like the bucks dominated the stat sheet.
Wombat1247::I would still trade Bogut for Jefferson , then we would have a genuine centre instead of 4.5 power forwards 1. Harris, 2. Hayward, 3. Howard, 4.Favors &amp; 5. Bogut 2. Watson/Tinsley 2. Burks 3. CJ /Evans 4 Milsap/Evans &amp; 5.Kanter Bell assistant coach - play mins here &amp; there
GsU -3000-GsU::Millsap double double
matthim_cauthon::ESPN. C'mon guys, sort out these spammers. A company your size should have the resources to combat this stuff
_TheSixthHeatle_::Borderline personality disorder is a disorder where&nbsp;individuals experience frequent, strong and long-lasting states of&nbsp;aversive&nbsp;tension, often triggered by rejection, being alone or  failure. Individuals are very sensitive to the way others treat them, reacting strongly to perceived criticism or hurtfulness. Their feelings about others are negative, generally after a disappointment or perceived threat of losing someone.&nbsp;Individuals with BPD are deliberately manipulative&nbsp;or difficult, with &nbsp;inner pain and turmoil, powerlessness and defensive reactions, or limited&nbsp;coping&nbsp;and communication skills. "Trolling" is a common release for individuals with BPD.
cougarfromouterdarkness::Holy hell, I love this. THANK YOU hahaha
KobethaMVP24::Every day they say AL is hurt and he keeps putting up 20 and 10 lol
iTzDiRkFoR3::Fact: With Bogut.. Bucks kill the Jazz
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::fact: the bucks got beat by 12 when that team had 24 turnovers
sjmcb160::who cares
fightinillini32::HOLY GUACAMOLE THIS BOARD ISNT INFECTED WITH SPAMMERS!!!
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Obviously you care enough to click on the game/click/click/scroll down/read comment/care enough to write a comment/type a comment/ click post......i conclude you do care about these teams.
fightinillini32::Too bad though, I'm a Bulls fan and I really dont give a shhit about either of these teams.
hoofhearted30::Still learning 'your' players I bet? Can smell a bandwagonner from here. Needs to go onto other boards and tell people he is a Bulls fan.
Garpo1964::Any news on what is up with Bogut?
TaysColts::Good game for the Jazz! Anyone else notice how raja bell was the only person with a -4 on the +/-? Raja Bell is terrible. Yes, he is a vet, but I'd rather watch grass grow than watch him play. Favors is a beast. Go Jazz!
TAC0REV::Go Jazz
steve_mcnair::Wow.  How lame is Romney?  He is an automaton.  A robot.  Mr. No Personality.  Mr. 25%  meow!!!
longdrive715::Keep on losing Bucks, Milwaukee doesn't want you.  The sooner you leave town the sooner we can work on getting a NHL or MLS franchise.
hoofhearted30::And the NHL and MLS dont want Milwaukee.....its a draw.
StockonToMalone::Looks like the pursuit for harrison barnes isn't gonna happen.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::How is being .500 right on schedule for going 24-42???? you do Math wrong. More like 33-33.
scow79::I've got the Jazz going 24-42.   So far they're right on schedule.   I don't know where that would put them in the lottery though if my prediction were to come true.
StockonToMalone::I hope they do. That would awesome. Just think pg burks? sg hayward sf harrison barnes pf D-favs C enes Kanter
adam_keefe_fan::Kudos to Corbin for trying out new combos and leaving the new guys on the floor for great minutes tonight! Although, Raja could have done with about 10 less minutes...
Wombat1247::Hope he starts - Watson, Burks. Hayward, Milsap &amp; Favors next game - Have Bell as an assistant coach on the bench and play if required 2nd unit - Tinsley, Cj , Evans Jefferson &amp; Kanter - as Harris &amp; Howard look like they are injured.
scow79::Well Harris and Howard were injured, so let's not get too carried away with the credit.
tpeserik13::The Bucks lost? Say it ain't so!
rentedduckling6::I think I have a shot to make it on the Bucks! I can chuck up more shots than Jennings can! And I have great ball sharing skills
Pujols sold out.::I think I could have shot a better percentage than the Bucks tonight...
perrypete::ag
wasted_101::FANTASY OWNERS GO PICK UP EARL WATSON
frimpongdingdong::<b>BOLDING AND CAPITALIZING LETTERS IS BY FAR THE EASIEST WAY TO GET ATTENTION<b></b></b>
sbt6482::Pacer fan here, just a thought.  Not sure you agree but your starting lineup should look something like... pg-Burks sg-Hayward sf-? pf, c-Favors, Millsap, Kanter rotation.  We'll give you Granger to fill the sf, you send us Jefferson, then we send Jefferson to Boston for Rondo.
NYeltigre::why would we do this if all it took to get rondo is jefferson? the jazz need a PG like rondo just as bad as IND.
randomstranger12::Jefferson (and whoever else) for Rondo is good. We don't need/want Granger. Hayward/Howard/Miles combo will work for the season.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Burks "6'6" athletic "SLASHER" doesn't sound like a point guard to me. HAHA sounds like a 2/3. They are interchangeable in the Jazz system.
sbt6482::They were wanting to get rid of Rondo before the season.  We almost got him a few weeks ago but they wanted another big guy.  And am I the only person here that thinks Burks should be your point gaurd, a 6'6'' athletic slasher.  And like I said, you have no scoring when Jefferson leaves.  Sf is you guys' biggest hole.
scow79::And you still haven't convinced me as to why Utah would want Granger over Rondo.   Jazz are kind of partial to wanting good PG running their offense.   Not ball hogging SF
scow79::Why would Boston want to give up a top PG in this league for a black hole on offense/no defense big man?
sbt6482::Jefferson would be in Boston.  Granger in Utah, Rondo in Indy.
scow79::That will be fun watching Jefferson and Granger fight to see who chucks up more shots per game.   No one else would get a shot up
sbt6482::Granger's gonna hoist that many shots up also, but with Jefferson gone at least you get your young big guys some more pt.
sbt6482::Hell, he had 6 assists tonight.  Also, when you dump Jefferson you're left without scorers for now.  Enter Granger.
mikeisildur::I just don't get the jefferson hate.  26 pts on 10/17 shooting.
sjmcb160::He would have given up 30 had Bogut played
StockonToMalone::Yeah 26 points without bogut and against the bucks. His problems really start to show against elite teams like lakers and nuggets. He just gets us into a deeper hole when were down.
scow79::It's when he's not 10/17 shooting the ball that there's a problem
sbt6482::No disrespect because I like watching the Jazz play but Howard is awful and Hayward is a sg.  You guys need to put Burks at the point.
scow79::We have Howard at the SF position as a stop gap until we draft one next year.  Why wouldn't the Jazz just trade Jefferson for Rondo?   They need a PG more than a SF
StockonToMalone::agreed, why would they go for granger, when they have howard hayward and miles but need an upgrade at pg.
sbt6482::What's not to like? From what other Jazz fans are saying, you guys don't want (don't need) Jefferson anyways.
mikeisildur::Dislike
sbt6482::Everyone gets what they need.  We get a pg, jazz get a sf, Boston gets a big.  Then you can finally get Hayward some shots, and Burks CAN play the point.  Imagine the matchup problems you create with your 1 and 2.  6'6'' pg and a 6'9'' sg.  If Favors and Kanter were both in the lineup I don't think other teams would ever get a board.
wasted_101::JEFFERSON DOESNT FIT BOSTON HE PLAYS NO DEFENSE
SAT34243354353453::The Bucks need to tank this year. Getting yet another 10-15 pick won't help them.
StockonToMalone::yay we're tied with the lakers, lol
EMCanada::They have the tiebreaker :(
Pujols sold out.::I was at the game where Jennings scored 55 points. I don't think he's scored over 25 since.
perrypete::they need to move him to the two and start the defensive minded, unselfish livingston!
RomoLUVESfavre::i know what you're saying, but at least he was a better pick than joe alexander.
RomoLUVESfavre::well thats not true.
Pujols sold out.::Just voicing my displeasure lol
RomoLUVESfavre::why can't the nba kick that $@%!$@%! lottery to the curb? the worst team should get the best player. milwaukee struggles so hard to be just good enough to get nothing out of the draft. ugh.
Utah_Dirtbiker::Bucks fans, this seriously had to be Jennings worst game as a pro. He looked horrible for you guys.
Pujols sold out.::Agreed
IZimbra4::its good its only a 66 game season this year...less opportunities to lose
Malcyon1::Drew Gooden = the only guy with consistency.
poloco40::not even 16-72 since the season started
poloco40::not even 16-72 since the season started
dutchjugs perth::what was vegas thinking putting up -1 for utah when the bucks had two starters out and 1 other..   i took advantage of it.. hope others did
Pujols sold out.::Tough loss for the Badgers Football team last night, tough loss for the Badgers basketball team tonight, and pathetic loss for the Milwaukee Fawns tonight.
vergatease::no way Saints are gonna win it too much talent, and the Lions have no run game.
frimpongdingdong::It's not like we expect the bucks to win, and I've given up on Wisconsin basketball this year, they've been beyond horrible, they jack up more threes than the most of the 40 year old white clowns on the bucks.
dussinsmiff::Hopefully a bad loss next week for the pack
Utah_Dirtbiker::That's going to be a great game. Should be a lot of scoring.
dussinsmiff::I sure hope so.
Pujols sold out.::I actually think the Lions will beat the Saints. I'll be rooting for them regardless. Always liked the Lions.
dussinsmiff::Hell na. Lions!
Pujols sold out.::Bear fan?
Vikeslegit::Do wisconsin fans buy useless stock in the Bucks too?
Teekarap::Pwned.
rentedduckling6::LA Vikings?
IZimbra4::why would I invest in a team that's given nothing back to the fans?
rentedduckling6::Cya guys, Fuck all of you. Have a horrible day
dussinsmiff::Your a $@%!$@
IZimbra4::move the bucks to green bay
IZimbra4::play at lambeau
robbob6977::They will still suck
