Indianaroundball::Good to see the Pacers are getting into a groove again.  Be great if they can finish the season with a winning road record.... and or secure 2nd place in the east for the Playoffs.....a real challenge with the schedule.
JollySwagman27::blah
mackfactor::It's amazing what the Pacers can do when they get scoring from their bench. OJ and Psycho T were efficient scorers and contributed all around. Need more of that!
scottpilgrim35::Did the MAvericks even show up the 2nd half?
DUDE-I-TOLD-YOU::Way to blow a golden opportunity to pull within ONLY a HALF-GAME for 8th Mavs (with Lakers losing).  You (commentators) seriously thought INDY on a B2B, grouped with the determination to "shave" was gonna be all it took to win this game???!?!?!?  Why not shave your heads, beards, and eyebrows...so we can talk about that.  Then, go win games to make it even "sweeter".     -Annoyed Spurs fan living in Dallas
TeamworkToo::So... are you a Mavs fan too? It's hard to tell from your post.
Demon Belly::The bearded clams stink!
trentminter::heyy man i hope we dont get boston in the first round...they wont be a easy out
cpost19::As a boston fan I'm hoping we end up against the Knicks. I'd like miami to have to go through both Boston and Indy.
Fliptide2014::secrets of Mav success:  Guarantee a victory and barber celebration BEFORE you play your higher seeded opponent, thus giving them motivation even their own coach could not provide.  Have a starting lineup of players who have ONE THING  IN COMMON* *Senior citizen discount at Denny's!
TeamworkToo::Did they actually guarantee a victory? Maybe they did, but I never heard that. I thought they just had the barber there just in case they made it to .500.
knicks_11::boo....
hoops 112hoping::As a pacers fan, I hope the mavs win out and destroy the lakers in their upcoming game. Don't worry, these guys will shave within this week.
Stone_Cold96::And so the beards stay for at least 2 more games. Playing the Lakers and the Bulls in those games aren't good news for the Mavs either. I'm pulling for them though, those beards gotta go.
bctez::The Dallas Bearded Ladies...
knicks_11::lets face it were the only legitimate contender for the heat  hopefully
jds_drummer::"Let's face it"?  I prefer facing facts.
hoops 112hoping::lol the knicks no... if you get hot from beyond the arc for the whole playoffs, then fine but if you can't hit the trey with 40% accuracy as a team in Round 1, you're not going to get past the Bulls or the Celtics in a 7 game series, unless those two teams really slow down.
VanGundyGoneHipster::Curse of the barber.
blabla2k::mavshit
heitz13::ok, Dallas, we need that #2 seed, but please kick some butt down the stretch.  Catch those Lakers!
andrewjohn329-18-78 Fan::The bad teams are bad because they squander opportunities that the good teams take advantage of.
legend_jr27::On the bright side, if Dallas doesn't get to .500 or make the playoffs, they can always make cameos on the new season of Duck Dynasty.
texasghost2014::17 points in the 3rd quarter...and Mike James was non-existent.   Pathetic Mavs..
cnat723::When a team wins by 25, I don't think it's fair to say that one player carried the team...
mnsportswopwopwahhh::why on earth is Mike James starting Dallas?
Taco has a Q::Any chance Collison comes back and backs up Hill next year?
CarlyJoni::Opportunities present themselves for both the Jazz and Mavs, yet they continually fail.  Why are you allowing the Lakers to take that 8th spot?
TommyTouchdown2012::They have no choice in games reffed by Joe Crawford or Derrick Stafford. Both have been on the Lakers payroll over a decade now.
sports guy12::Hey the barber's on hand right?  oh nevermind
tgreeson80::I know it is a moot point...but man, that 13 mil dollar salary for DG sure would've looked nice elsewhere.  Whatever value Granger had at the end of last year (when I was hoping we would unload him) is now completely gone.  We will be lucky to get a second rounder out of him.
Luis6331::granger gives the pacers space to work inside and out without him the pacers really don t have a good shooter his not the best in the league but he is the pacer best option
tgreeson80::By no means am I saying Granger is a bad player, quite the contrary, he WAS the franchise when we were re-building, but PG's skill set makes Granger almost superflous.
tgreeson80::Sure, he allows them to space the floor, just not a fan of a guy that REQUIRES as many shots as he requires.  You can find those guys for 5 mil a year...we pay 13, 15 I believe at the back end of the contract.
tgreeson80::What else is dumb?  Is the point not valid?
kmnacke::so much dumb in one post
ToneZone3::they were down because he had players on his team this year that got chances to shoot as well. He has always been the only player doing anything until last year
tgreeson80::He shot under 42 percent last year, his lowest of his career, got to the line the fewest times since his second year, rebounding rate lowest since his second year, steals lowest since his second year, and blocks the lowest of his career...not saying it shows a regression of skills (and I realize we were better last year) but what is the justification for the shooting percentages, everywhere, being down?  He is an average to above average defender, but by no means, is he a lockdown defender.
tgreeson80::School me please...without the name calling.  But I am just as much a Pacer fan as you are, PAL
tgreeson80::And I am in the minority, but I have thought this for a year now...just not a fan of a volume shooter (granted, he plays OK defense) but he requires 15-20 shots a game.
tgreeson80::Is he worth 13 mil to you?  He may have been at the beginning of his contract, but I question that he was LAST year, when he was completely healthy
tgreeson80::Waiting on an explanation as to why this is "dumb," may have been in the minority feeling this way, but I felt this way at the end of last year, when he was healthy.
Beanslams46::HELL NO, WE WON'T GO!  --mav's beards
Beanslams46::By taking the mavs barber to games, has the barber become the mav's "rally monkey"?
PaulGeorgeisFuture::The Mavs should not have invited the Barber to the game, only pissed the Pacers off, made the, feel disrespected
CarlyJoni::Thought Mavs would have learned their lesson after Cuban yapped off about amnesty and Kobe, giving Lakers motivation in their last outing.  But no, they continue to antagonize the opposition.  Waiting to hear what Cuban will mouth off about before the next Mavs/Lakers game.
thel1195::Bringing the barber is fine.  Telling everybody you brought the barber is the mistake.  Especially as inconsistent as this squad has been
vonsteve6868::Dang, Indy. You're kicking us Texas teams in the butt this roady. GG.
PaulGeorgeisFuture::We are hitting our stride
PaulGeorgeisFuture::Everyone go watch the highlights and watch Paul George cross Vince Carter over!
Beanslams46::But nowadays, betty white could break vince's ankles.
frnorth::Damn it Dallas, track down and catch the bleeping Lakers will ya?
Beanslams46::unfortunately, the mavs are only battling for the worst upcoming lottery position along with utah.
Neil826::they made the pacers look good today if nothing else.  the bulls bench easily beat the pacers last week.
Rumrunner66::Its just like with the heat the pacers beat them twice then the heat win and the other 2 loses go out the window.
Taco has a Q::Easily?  Bulls won by 3 points, and finally beat the Pacers in 4 games, dont celebrate too hard now
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::The Pacers' season stats defensively don't lie.
iluvash52505::Anyone can lose on any given night. that's basketball for you.
Boltznewera::Cuban invested all his dough on bunch old farts players that can barely move and play defense. He has bunch of senior citizens in his team that are ready to collect SSI...
lilstu3::Hey vince carter quit on toronto when he was actually good... why expect more now?
Fliptide2014::EVERYBODY quits on Toronto! - Hedo Turkglue - Damon Studemire - Tracy Mcgrady
Boltznewera::Experience is a good thing if your in the playoffs but in Dallas case, its also a good experience to not repeat this again. Mike James, Vince Carter, Brand, Kaman, Marion, etc, I mean you got some old fossils in there and that's why young team runs them over...
Beanslams46::Even grandfather d.Fish said "no mas".
lilstu3::Yeah and they might get a talented free agent to sign..... depending on the filming schedule of sharktank
Lebron is a mental midget::They are going to have a lot of cap space next year
lilstu3::Great night for the Jazz... gonna make the playoffs despite the coach...
CarlyJoni::Not unless they win on the road.  Which hasn't happened yet this month.
lilstu3::Technically the lakers lose 1 game per 30 million paid to players and next year will be per 85 million in taxes to not make the playoffs. I used to like mark cuban before he got soft and gave up a team that could beat anyone with d while dirk went clutch in the fourth. To sell tyson chandler and j kidd to make another 2 mil on sharktank!
Beanslams46::technically, the Lakers are IN the playoffs, but I understand your pain with cuban.
lilstu3::Best way to make the playoffs is let dallas and la play cuz they lose more than they win
Fliptide2014::Nah, Dallas has been pretty good
Beanslams46::technically, that's only true of the mavs.
Beanslams46::Yeah, great night cuz they didn't play.
--Td4mvp3 -::my game is untouchable
Fliptide2014::...and it will continue to be untouchable until you wash your crotch ..
Beanslams46::are you saying his real name is -STd4?
152Dean::Looks like you will be keeping those beards mavs
Fliptide2014::The beards aren't that bad, but our pubes itch something awful coach!
--Td4mvp3 -::Are any of you hott females?
Lebron is a mental midget::maybe
--Td4mvp3 -::nice
ncjcrsu::Paul George putting up a LeBron James statline.  Nice game.
Beanslams46::you mean joey crawford helped out?
Taco has a Q::wahhhhhh
Fliptide2014::Clippers buzzing..... Guys?  .....guys?
Beanslams46::clippers are hanging their "we got 2 winning seasons in a row" banner since the 70's.
Beanslams46::oh, my bad, lol.
Fliptide2014::No.. I meant hair clippers...for the beards  Lol
--Td4mvp3 -::I am God's gift to women
a-gang::You actually listen? What is it?
a-gang::Hair stylist?
Beanslams46::gift to women,......a d/ck?
--Td4mvp3 -::lol
Beanslams46::hennessee's already kicked in, I see.
--Td4mvp3 -::lol
KCromie::Then what're ya doin' here?!
Beanslams46::His girlfriend looks like timmy duncan.
--Td4mvp3 -::I decided to take a night off from partyin and smashin to hang with u guys
Beanslams46::Those beards are an abomination to cuban. Karma for the Amnesty speech.
--Td4mvp3 -::Who wants to get faded? I got the Hennessee
Beanslams46::I'll root for anyone to beat the commish's heat.
Beanslams46::Save it for the spurs first round exit, lol.
Lebron is a mental midget::Lakers fan talking about a first round exit when they wont even make it lol
--Td4mvp3 -::lame....you know the Spurs are gonna win it all bro
broncocountry10::hahaha fear the beard
jahlove1261::It's official - the Big D is now the Big L for losers - when's the last time a major sports team from Dallas did anything worth a shi.t. And don't give me the Rangers - they are the biggest chokers on the planet.
MasterOfLogic::2011 Champions.... beating the Miami Chumps.
Lebron is a mental midget::2011
rk6326::2011 NBA Champions? No that doesn't count anymore? Looks like ESPN insider does not increase your knowledge of sports contrary to many people's belief.
jahlove1261::not when you have to watch this sorry group play ball - they are disqualified - it never happened.
roll_n_riot::Stupid MAVS wasted their chance to get to .500
Beanslams46::They're not stupid, they're special.
J. R. Smith::god damn it mavs,  y'all cuddent help us out tonight....
rk6326::J.R. work on your English man. "Cuddent" is more off than Dwight's free throws.
rk6326::Hey no problem...when you are making millions who cares about English?
J. R. Smith::i got lazy.
DWoe23::@rat - so much for your "book it" 118-93 Mavs score. Keep carrying on though, and pay the barber for wasting his time
rk6326::118-93 Pacers would have been more appropriate/ accurate.
dwempy::kobe can't even get to the playoffs with 3 other HOFers without the help from the refs. that's pretty pathetic.
roll_n_riot::Kobe 20 FTA tonight Bucks team 22 FTAs  really??
Beanslams46::The officials are working hard to keep him out of the playoffs, just like they work hard to keep lebron IN the playoffs.
kmnacke::stern works to make sure his lakers stay relevant, even if they blow with the starting lineup for the west allstar team
Beanslams46::On some nights they're forced to be fair. The bucks were hacking like a beaver on pine tonight.
dwempy::Beanslams46 - The officials are working hard to keep him out of the playoffs, just like they work hard to keep lebron IN the playoffs.  is that how he got 20+ FTs tonight??
Beanslams46::The Mavs and Spurs should both grow beards in solidarity. Mavs shave when they get to .500 Spurs shave when they win a new Championship. -- Who's beards will be longer?
butinsho::Dallas is the hairiest team in the NBA.
MasterOfLogic::I go to recap to see the highlights of this game.... "CONTENT UNAVAILABLE"  Wow BiaSPN, what next? First you replace our game against OKC with a pathetic Heat-Bobcats snore-fest, then you skip our game against Houston last night in the Daily Dime, and now this. I don't really care about the highlights so much, just the fact that these things always seem to "coincidentally" happen to us.
rk6326::I've given up on being upset about that. I'm just glad we get a game on National TV occasionally. One year we had one total and I missed it.
