BBFocus::Someday this season or next one, I expected Lin would get his first triple double (10+ in points, 10+ in rebounds, and 10+ in assists, and 5 blocks and 5 steals) somewhere...
MisterH9::He looks like the "new" Steve Nash who D'Antoni enjoyed quite a bit in Phoenix.
KPOP is a SPORT::lin &gt; melo
matthew traum::lin will bost melo because they have 2 people who can run a pick and run and u need 2 to run one
nicko252008::Mello sucks. They win when he is hurt.
Munger88::Lin will have season averages of 12 points and 6 assists.... that is if they keep starting him over Shumpert or Davis once he returns...
sportsfans1995::Typically Knicks Fans....Lin has TWO good games..and suddenly he's the BEST THING THAT HAPPENED..i would LOVE to see Lin SCORE 28 when they play the HEAT, or OKC......until than im not impressed.....
Sean Joh::and he dropped 29 against OKC, 38 against Spurs........
SomeGuySays::He just scored 38 against the Lakers.
L E G O A T::Lin is a boss....but be real. NY fans needa stop creaming over this new PG . TWO good games does not define someones role on a team.
nbalegend87::Btw, if the Knicks are winning without both Melo and Stoudemire, then they didn't have to give up too much in order to win. They were winning last season (and stoudemire was outstanging). they got melo, they sucked, all ball movement stopped, Fields, who looked better than ever began to struggle, Douglas began to miss, etc. They don't need Melo. Just guys who can score, some TEAM defense, not just TyChandler, and a facilitator who could be Lin.
WOOTPANCEONFIRE::Let me know when he is a top 5 pg in the East.
E. Jack Culator::Couldn't you just find out on your own? Lazy bum
mark35345::Well at least the nonsense about B Davis being the savior in the wings has died down. He can't beat out these young kids with more energy and fresh legs. Jeremy Lin has done more in two games than Davis has in the last three seasons.
nbalegend87::That's a bit too harsh. Baron is proven to be good and consistent, but definitely not the savior. I think Lin can be very, very good, but not amazing.
Count_IT33::How bad are the Jazz that they can't beat a melo / Amare-less knick team, with Chandler in foul trouble all game.
E. Jack Culator::Jazz are not that bad, so yeah Lin is that good.
Goldfinger5887::Who needs Melo and Stoudemire when you got Lin.............
Jamaal 43::Melo was the only player that can run a pick and roll until Lin came into the picture. TD was the point for the first part of the season we know how that worked out
Jamaal 43::teams are going to start to game plan for Lin but he'll be fine once Melo and Amare come back.
Jamaal 43::Injuries have been killing this team
packfan21mt::So melo is out 1-2 Weeks??
Road dog Red::The EAST rules
Trollolol123::I hear they're remaking lord of the rings?
duchampfitz::The trolls will still be stoned.
packfan21mt::Millsap for MVP! anyone else think so?
packfan21mt::oh no i would definitely rather keep millsap than have Beasley. Sorry
AndyHennessy::trade him to us for Beasley
packfan21mt::oh ok thanks. hopefully we bring him back. he is still young to thats the good thing.
AndyHennessy::he has this year and next.  then Unrestricted.
packfan21mt::ya he does deserve all-star for sure. Do u know when his contract is up?
AndyHennessy::personally, i would take jefferson over him.  but Millsap isnt a bad player.  def deserves all star consideration, not MVP.
packfan21mt::But he has been our best player so far. He is an awesome rebounder with great defense.
AndyHennessy::i dont think so.  if they took him off the team, they still got Jefferson, Kanter and Favors as PFs and would still be decent.
AndyHennessy::Co Kane for the most intelligent comments of the day!!
packfan21mt::He should make it there too. If he would get more respect he would be a MVP contender.
Trollolol123::your just jealous of ron weasly
packfan21mt::Still u have to give him some respect he has played really well for the Jazz.
CJW2103::Which, FYI, does not make him a contender.
CJW2103::He's about #19 on my list
CJW2103::Millsap for all-star game reserve.
Trollolol123::mmmmyessir
AndyHennessy::Attention everyone, "Co Kane" is looking for a personal tutor.
AndyHennessy::his grandma also needs to learn how to make egg rolls.  this guy is hard to please.
Yellow Mamba_JLin::he needs to get out of gramas garage
Regis85::28 and 8 is great, 8 TOs is a little eehhh.  Wish the kid luck even though I hate the knicks.
Pascal1296::but defensively didn't help
Pascal1296::i see potential an actual PG pick and roll and take it to the rim
Yellow Mamba_JLin::"hate" is a mean word.
R8 V10::Linsanity &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Tebowmania
Yellow Mamba_JLin::Lin can play his position, Tebow cant
Trollolol123::I always like chutes and ladders
R8 V10::Linning and Winning
Pascal1296::The Knicks were hoping Baron Davis would be their savior but what they needed was a good pick and role PG like Lin with those Bigs and get in the lane
R8 V10::Golden State is kicking themselves right now............
CJW2103::Probably not. They've got two much better guards.
CJW2103::But I don't think they're cursing their GM over it.
CJW2103::I would rather have Jeremy Lin, than Nate Robinson. I will give you that.
Yellow Mamba_JLin::no need for a backup?
Trollolol123::yup, tried a fumble ruski...in basketball?
co kane::andy hennesy would totally bend over for j lin
AndyHennessy::yes, i work in their corporate office.
AndyHennessy::on*
AndyHennessy::no, it is fine.  im sitting in my leather chair at work right now.
co kane::oh they have wi fi in taco bell now
AndyHennessy::co kane, it is actually hennessy.  spell my name correctly before you want to try to state something funny.
AndyHennessy::i mean, how can i take someone seriously when they can't get their your, you're, and you are's correct?
co kane::aww yes wen all else fails resort to grammar policing  i win  next
AndyHennessy::work on your grammar, co kane.  It is you're or you are just mad.  apparently you don't use a computer either with that smart phone slang.
co kane::your just mad cus your job doesnt pay u enough to own a personal computer
AndyHennessy::Co kane is just mad that he has to go on espn on his own time, while most of us can do it while chillin at work.
co kane::wat was that tampon kid
Thetimpanikid16::why don't you go do some cocaine (or co kane as you like to spell it) and go die already...
co kane::butt hurt?
Johnnyyayo21::Jeremy Linsanity, Kid is crazy.  that 4th quarter 3 just stamped it
SpontaneousFartBombs::Relax people, two wins against two bad teams, doesnt mean that J Lin is going to be a star.
Goldfinger5887::Utah is not a bad team in the West.......
Pascal1296::But i see potential i'm not a Knicks fan but i'm impress, Douglas is actually a shooting guard but do you see those pick and roll in the lane with Chandler?
Thetimpanikid16::13-10.... that's not really all that bad is it?
R8 V10::Lin needs his wonton soup!!! Open a Chinese restaurant in the Garden pronto!!!
johnnyx2011::JLin consider himself as Asian American because the kid can only speak english.
AndyHennessy::i guess it isnt a big difference, but i always felt it was because my taiwanese friend gets mad when we call him korean or chinese.
CJW2103::It is a big difference. America govern several sovereign states. But we would never say they are American.
CJW2103::His parents are from Taiwan. He is Chinese by ethnicity. American born.
AndyHennessy::no, he isnt.  He is a taiwanese american born.  get your facts straight, R8 V10.
winterfresh98::Taiwanese are Chinese that escaped Communism
Carslon12::nationalist vs commie
R8 V10::yeah obviously :-D
Thetimpanikid16::except two different countries?
R8 V10::not much of a difference
AndyHennessy::he isn't chinese!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
R8 V10::HE IS A CHINESE AMERICAN born in California
AndyHennessy::free egg rolls for Co Kane.  @ Mandarin Kitchen before 3pm.
AndyHennessy::#6 Fan.
co kane::i see i have a fan
co kane::the knicks might reach .500 by 2015 the knicks are back
CJW2103::J. Lin = further proof that Melo is overrated
co kane::look out cavs here come the knicks.........
E. Jack Culator::E Jack Culator will j.i.z.z on carslon12, just like carlson's dad did earlier this year
Carslon12::Cavs will beat down the chinaman, just like they already did earlier this season
AndyHennessy::hey Co Kane, heard ESPN is giving away egg rolls like you want after each post you make.  Sweet and sour sauce included.
AndyHennessy::look out espn, here comes Co Kane.
Yellow Mamba_JLin::he is a clown
nycpratl::a win is a win but knicks need to show progressive, consistent improvement.  the games vs bulls and celts tell you more about this team than home wins vs nj (an undermanned, bad team) and utah ( a poor road team that just quit yesterday).  lin is a breath of fresh air but you can't burden the guy with knicks success.  anthony and stoudamire get paid tens of millions to deliver that.  and they have not.
AndyHennessy::you are a funny guy Co Kane.
AndyHennessy::if we make it seem like he is, he will continue to make ignorant comments.
madjester86::no he's not
packfan21mt::Wow millsap didnt even score double figures. Get him the ball! And played less minuets the Raja Bell. Millsap for MVP!
packfan21mt::anyway go Jazz!
packfan21mt::i see.
AndyHennessy::he doesn't know what to talk about, so he is bringing up your name.
packfan21mt::this is basketball.
co kane::just starting early. im just happy the pack didnt repeat
co kane::packers choked
co kane::great job now the knicks wont fire dantoni  how do u feel about this knick fans
Can you spare some change::fine
madjester86::wkwkwkwkwkwkwkwkwkwkwkwkwkwkwkwkwkwkwkwkwkwkwk
co kane::do the knicks fans get egg rolls for the victory
AndyHennessy::you are making me mad, can you spare some change.
AndyHennessy::i have a taiwanese friend and he eats egg rolls every Wednesday.
Can you spare some change::sure
Can you spare some change::He's not chinese
AndyHennessy::hey asian_balla, do you like drew deezy and Jackie Chain?
asian_balla::ck kane, you're very talented at trolling, racist loser... should question your maturity sometime.
co kane::helroooooooooo did i strike a nerve ther yellow boy
AndyHennessy::no, they get dumplings.  pan fried.
busterhmen::over 100 pts and the win
ChungYaoTai::Come on people live in the moment and enjoy this good story. A humble kid that works hard has finally made his dream come true. We don't know what his future is, but he played 2 hack of the game.
AndyHennessy::Cool Sun 13, can you please admit you are wrong?
Carslon12::Jeremy Lin is from Jim Harbaugh's HS right across the street from Stanford...Stanford really dropped the ball by missing on LIN, but Stanford BB hasn't been the same since Montgomery left. Stanford didn't make the same mistake for it's FB team though, They recruited Paly's star DE in 2011
Can you spare some change::Harvard&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Stanford
nwa56789::thats sick he went to high school right there parties must of been sick when he was in high shcool id follow the college clowns around gettin shithoused
Carslon12::yeah it's a top acedemic HS too...don't know about parties nowadays, but back in Elway's days when Harbaugh was there, Stanford parties were ragers
Cool Sun 13::Yeah Stanford has been making poor decisions for years. I bet UCLA also regret it as well, Lin even said that UCLA is his dream school.
co kane::poor knicks fans  lin is a flash in the pants  nothing more
Can you spare some change::poor knick fans?   what are you talking about, who cares if he never plays another game, we can still enjoy it.
busterhmen::if 2 wins are just a flash in the pants, it's time for you to find someone else to criticize
busterhmen::not exactly-two losses instead of 2 W's likely would have gotten D'Antoni fired
co kane::yes two games would be considered that
nwa56789::whats gonna happen when baron gets healthy and this guy is still killin it
nycpratl::baron davis is all downside at this point.  injured, declining and history of trouble making
ChungYaoTai::nothing cuz he's old as $@%!$
dan torell::A pair of healthy young legs will keep on going... Baron Davis, he needs more rest.
AndyHennessy::trade Lin for the rights to Yao Ming.
mjoskar::You can't remind Knick fans of how Iman was the man a month ago. Now it's the already a journey man Lin who is going to save this team. Give it a few weeks, fools, and you see why he is already on his third team.
Can you spare some change::What exactly is your point?  So we can't enjoy a kid doing well?  You can only enjoy player that you think will be great for a long time?
busterhmen::Iman single-handedly won how many games for the Knicks?
AndyHennessy::Ok Cool Sun.  Just admit you are wrong and then I can go back to work.
Cool Sun 13::Iman was never a great player, but Lin is definitely the REAL deal.
dan torell::I'm not a NYK fan but as far as this team goes, they need a player like Jeremy Lin who can actually go the distance. Unless, the coach is a racist and wouldn't want an asian commands the floor every game, then, that's too bad.
nyli516516::same thing with nate robinson he never really got a chance to start to many games and now hes tearing it up for gs
verysimplejason::like he's been given opportunity to play in GS and HOUSTON?  It's only now that he's been given a chance.  If an NBA coach had given him a chance, why don't you?  You must know more than those coaches in NY... :)
AndyHennessy::Knicks just want that publicity while they lose.
mintzerkj4eva::black, white, now we have the YELLOW MAMBA
Lemoney_3::Lin needs to calm down when he makes his shots and not act like a damn fool. so gheyy
ChungYaoTai::LeBorn is the one who look like a r etard stairing down people after dunks. Its way gayer.
Geech63::he's not supposed to be excited that he's finally getting to play and is doing a good job?
Can you spare some change::What?
dan torell::Professional? Like Carmelo? I'd rather have a player like J Lin who can spark an interesting game and wins it rather than those lame excuses.
Lemoney_3::just saying he should act like a professional
nyli516516::hes pumped up asssclown an it gets the team pumped up
HardHittinWhitten::Professionalism in the NBA!! That's rich....
dan torell::@ lemoney_3 &lt;&lt;---- Don't have an argument? lame...
officerulesme::Professionalism in sports is boring.
Lemoney_3::fuck you, Daniel
dan torell::positive comment equalled by a negative comment? Where is that going by the way?
Lemoney_3::professionalism. try it
dawgszone::If you are right, LBJ must be a real girl scout, idiot!
nyli516516::this guys got the crowd going apeshit thats infectious enough to get a team going
Lemoney_3::he's not pumping up the team idiot...he's just acting like a girl scout
Pjlee2013::Not to brag, but I was calling for D'Antoni to start playing Lin about 7 games ago.  Look at things now!! I sincerely hope Toney Douglas doesn't see another non-garbage time minute this year.  He is awful.
mjoskar::You should be an NBA Coach Pjlee.
Geech63::If Jerome Jordan could learn to play D without fouling so much I think he should play more than Jeffries...Jeffries can finish to save his life
nyli516516::i wanna see jerome jordan in as well but it seems jefferies has stepped up his game
Geech63::even garbage time..put Bibby in atleast he wont airball
nyli516516::me too brotha
flybye23::so things are sooooo bad in knickerjoker land that they need to be happy about a guy who had 8 turnovers ????   lmao 28 points in 44 minutes is not impressive.  and neither is 2 rebounds in all that time, pg or not.  and still 5 games under .500, yikes !!!
Can you spare some change::wow, i know feel dumber know after reading that
dan torell::@flybye23 &lt;- you obviously don't know basketball.
dawgszone::"28 points in 44 minutes is not impressive". He can score 56 pts if you are the one to guard him.
AndyHennessy::Sun thinks Lin is chinese.
AndyHennessy::not bad, 1-1 assist to turnover ratio.  elite right, Sun?
I like handjobs::i know...scoring 13 points in the 4th qtr while gettting no rest in the second half is not impressive...."YIKES"
Cool Sun 13::He's 100x better than your lameass PG and you left out 7 and 8 assist the last 2 games.
HoChing::I have a nick name for Lin-  Jet Lin
Cool Sun 13::Terrible, J-Terry already owns the nickname JET.
V.TEngineer::Strong idiot you are.  You are obviously 20 or under in age.  :)
Geech63::actually Kenny Smith does
canyouhandlethetruth2::NEXT!
dan torell::lame...
