bobbydagreat::J LIn seems very unselfish and always is passes to Harden. But I rarely see Harden passing to Harden.   So, I agree with J lin fans.....Conclusion is Haren is a ballhog.  ==============================  Yeah, that's one way to look at it, here's another....Lin is a PG, passing is his job. Harden is a SG, shooting is his job. Just because Harden is awesome at passing and is averaging over 5 assists a game (#2 in the NBA among SG's) doesn't change the fact that his primary job is to score, not to pass.
corkscrewblow::I don't care who scores more Lin or Harden or anyone else. As long as the Rockets keep winning games I'm happy with that.
AbdulSaheed1981::As long as Harden wills his way  to scoring 30+ a night on every game,  Lin's stat will remain somewhere around 12-13 pts PPG for the rest of the season.   Same as during the LInsanity of 7 games, Lin averaged 29pts PPG. But when Melo came back, he averaged 14pts PPG.   When Harden was out with the injury, Lin scored 38pts on the Spurs.   That goes to show, without Harden Lin will average somewhere around 22pts PPG.
RNYC::Shut up
rockus_2008::I think McHale finally starting to see something in Lin.  In this game, Lin plays 40 min.
luckywin7::$@%!$@ mchale he should have done more with lin after preseason
AbdulSaheed1981::ok. It seems like there is a lot of arugment between J LIn fans and Harden fans. They are arguing who is right.  But the fact is there. And the evidence is there.  J LIn seems very unselfish and always is passes to Harden. But I rarely see Harden passing to Harden.  So, I agree with J lin fans.   Conclusion is Haren is a ballhog.
AndyisSuave::Who cares?  Lin is creating for the team, Harden is capitalizing for the team... All this goes to is a WIN for the Rockets, which make both of them look good.  Worry about winning first and then Lin's rep will follow
luckywin7::very clear on every game, harden $@%!$@ ball hog and man enough is enough
WhutDatMan::I'm with u dude. I hate J lin
AbdulSaheed1981::He is an all star.
Kozinski77::J LIn? Humble, respecctful, Unselfish, Team player first Player. A guy who possesses many qualities hard to find in this league these days.   You hate him for no reason, do you?
WhutDatMan::No reason at all.
cjax34::Probably not him; just the idiots who think he deserves to be in the All-star game.
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::cambo dumbo..get the !fk out of here JEREMY-ONLY fan...As a Rockets fan for decades, I hate your kind and ban you from ever chatting about him here or anywhere else...you are not even a bball fan, let alone a Rockets fan...you are the bottom of the scum bag and should be hanged by your toenails!
Kozinski77::Rocket you GTFO of here. You are the scumbag.   You sound like die hard ball hog, not willing to share the ball with others Harden fan.
WhutDatMan::J lin who?  Hoo Dat????
CAMBO.RAMBO::I want to see Asian athletes become successful in professional sports.  I am a fan of all Asian people that play professional sports.
ryroll::Tiger Woods is asian
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::there are no asian people playing sports.. what are you talking about..try to get top 1 % in academics like jeremy is your only shot and you are not doing that well chatting here..
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::you have nothing in common with Jeremy Lin. he is a scientist playing bball..you can't do either!
CAMBO.RAMBO::I am actually a Celtics fan, but since I am Asian, I am also a fan of Jeremy Lin.  In addition, I am not a fan of the Knicks or Rockets.
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::so another words, you are a Jeremy Lin troll doll and have nothing in common with him!  hop off his nuts, ok??
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::then get off Jeremy Lin's jock strap...
CAMBO.RAMBO::The only reason why I am a fan of Jeremy Lin is because he is Asian.
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::Bitter New York resident and Knicks fan Cambo.Rambo checks in with this..  Jeremy Lin was playing great for the New York Knicks when Carmello Anthony was out, but when Carmello came back, he destroyed Linsanity because he was jealous and selfish.   How dumb was Knick management to support a thug like melo instead of an american dream like lin..how selfish was that?!!  hahaha ROFL..  the truth comes out in 2013!!   Melo was jealous !! haaha
Billy12964::YES
fdavidson1106::Why is he a thug?  I think Melo is also the American dream, work hard make something of yourself, both have done so.
CAMBO.RAMBO::If you want to see the future Hall of Famer and maybe will become one of the greatest NBA players of all time, please vote for Jeremy Lin to become the starter for the All-Stars game.  This is the first season that Jeremy Lin started as a starter on his team. He is still young and he is learning to develop into an elite point guard. Based on watching him during Linsanity era, while averaging 29 points per game, 9 assists per game, and 6 rebounds per game along with his seven games winning streak, I  believe he has the talent, heart, and skills to become one of the greatest players of all time.   Jeremy Lin was playing great for the New York Knicks when Carmello Anthony was out, but when Carmello came back, he destroyed Linsanity because he was jealous and selfish.
CAMBO.RAMBO::I am actually a Celtics fan, but since I am Asian, I am also a fan of Jeremy Lin.
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::which means you are a '"Jeremy-only" fan..hahaha  you can't get on his bandwagon being a Celtics fan and besides, Celtics are Rockets enemy!
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::you sound like one of those "Jeremy-only" fans,  Are you a bitter Knicks fan who is still in love with Linsanity and can't break up properly?  Please say you are NOT a Jeremy-only fan..please..please..
CAMBO.RAMBO::You should learn how to write in English before you post on ESPN boards.
YaImFromCleveland::When Lin gets hot, rockets get hot
H-Town Dream Shake::I wish McHale would seriously work in D-Mo into the rotation more. This kid is special and would help the team alot by opening the lane with his long range jumpers.
asian-balla::and who do you suggest to take away from the rotation?  Morris?  Patterson?  Smith?  It's gonna take either one of these to struggle big time or injured for dmo to see more minutes.
H-Town Dream Shake::Morris. You should see this kid play.
Hondo Kid::Rockets need to either build and work together ...but  to compete come playoffs got to have some good bench players?
H-Town Dream Shake::That's the thing no one expected them to make the playoffs so they are scrambling to make things work. D-Mo will be the answer to the PF position book it.
Hondo Kid::Dez and vega props for real nba convo.  Rite on
Hondo Kid::Hey any word on oljawon?   Man I tell u the media acts like akeem and d robinson never played much less they both in hall of fame and nba top fifty? Rite? What the heck.
Billy12964::yes
Dezagcoog::LOL sure. it'd be nice if he worked with Asik on his offense.
nbafanatic69::All this unwarranted Lin worship, smh.  Say one bad thing 'bout the kid and his lovers here freak out.  Too many Lin d*ck riders here, praising him and elevating him beyond his own abilities.  That's why Rox fans are the joke of the NBA.  The kid's ok, but having been exposed game-after-game should have sent a message to his freak fans by now.
H-Town Dream Shake::Here comes this NY Knicks troll again. Seems like the more PT Felton misses the more he wants Lin back on his team.
Vega_2012::Why do i see people talking crap about harden??? Ya'll do know hes scoring a lot of points by not taking that many shots? And he's getting assists.   Now, Lin is improving. He's not the same Lin from the begininng of the season. He's playing more aggressive. He has the potential to be a top 3 PG in the league.  I love Lin, but lets be honest. Without harden this team would not be above .500.  GO ROCKETS!!
Lorenzomax7::They are Lin haters pretending to be LOFs.
Dezagcoog::I agree that there are some of those, but not all. Not even close. And theres like at least 15 so far that I have seen. I could name 5 off the top of my head.
Vega_2012::haha yeah they are
Dezagcoog::Cause they are Lin worshippers. It's really annoying.
Vega_2012::Josh Smith to the Rockets????? Maybe??? :D
Billy12964::yes
H-Town Dream Shake::D-Mo will be the answer to the PF problems book it.
sproketjoe::He plays with Carmello.   Lin did well enough when Melo got hurt last year.
Vega_2012::Ah, I see. I think the PF spot for the rockets is the most inconsistent position, you just dont know what your gonna get night in and night out.  How about Milsapp from the Jazz?
Dezagcoog::He's kinda old. I agree it's inconsistent, but between Morris and Patterson they are holding it down. Patterson is already taking a bit long to take that next step, but Morris is developing really well. he's really starting to step up more and more.  Why not give this team at least a year to figure it out before we start trading guys and breaking spirits. They're doing really well in less than half a season. Maybe by the end of the season we'll figure it out. Give the kids a chance is all I say. Otherwise my ideal would be LMA but that's never gonna happen.
Dezagcoog::He's got at least slight attitude problems and isn't much better than morris is turning into. Especially for the amount of money he makes.
Vega_2012::Why do you say that??
Dezagcoog::If you want to kill the comraderie and rapport this team is building with each other sure.
Dezagcoog::We're beating All of the B teams easily. Its the A teams that are still giving us a lot of hardship. After less than half a season of a bunch of young guys playing together it we're already a half step from being an A team.
Billy12964::YES..
sealtrader::and Knicks ...
H-Town Dream Shake::The Hawks were one win away from tying for first place tonight in the east. They're not a B team and to beat them twice also.
DaBeardedAsian::Lin makes people around him better and look like superstars
Billy12964::ok
jeremyG1995::Rockets will win the West just trust me u can take that to Vegas and make a lot of $$$
Billy12964::yes...
imperviouz::if they keep 6th or higher spots, then they're winning it all.
Dezagcoog::And I'm going to be president in 2019, just trust me you can take that to Vegas and make even more $$$$
sproketjoe::I'm keeping my money. :)
Kozinski77::I can't believe the writer and people are actuallying saying now Harden and Lin are clicking and having a chemistry together. What chemistry??? Do you have eyes? Watch the TV  Lin is the one always passing to Harden and willing to unselfishly share the ball to his team mates and waits in the corner most of the time.  Harden, rarely passes to LIn, (Maybe once in a blue moon) and Tony Douglas actually passes more to LIn. Harden will try to take defenders one on one and score at will.  There is no chemistry between Harden and LIn. Lin trying to pass to Harden may make it look like its clicking, but there still lacks the ball movements of the Rockets between Harden, LIn, Parsons and his team mates.  There has to be constant LIn to Harden, Harden to Parsons, Parsons to LIn ball movements to spread the opposing defense and create an open man. The Rockets just don't have that. As soon as LIn passes to Harden or Parsons, the ball movements will end in one or two passes and end there.  Look at Spurs ball movements. at least 6, 7 passes before they shoot or penetrate to score.
Billy12964::good
Swish3And1::Good idea, but given inexperience, if Rockets moved the ball like what you says, the TOs will go sky high.
Chester8432::I am Lin's fan, but no need to emphasis ball movement and pass 6 to 8 times (that much) if you have an open look after you pass 2-3 times...
January 1st 2013::Suck my Lin
3rdCoastTexan281::30 assists on 45 made baskets and you're crying about ball movement? You do realize Harden is 2nd on the team in assists, right? "Do you have eyes?"
January 1st 2013::Kozinski needz to smoke a blunt
3rdCoastTexan281::Why are you comparing the Spurs and the Rockets? The Rockets are the youngest team in the league. The Spurs are one of the oldest.
Kozinski77::Rockets will never be able to beat Spurs or Oklahoma with that kind of ball movements that end is 2 or 3 passings before they shoot.  watch the Spurs.  Constand ball movements around Tony Parker, finds the opening and scores.
michael107115::Tuning into Rocket games more and more on LP the more impressed I get watching James Harden. He is so smooth offensively and the game is just moving in slow motion for him. The Thunder made an even bigger mistake than I thought getting rid of Harden. They should've gotten rid of Westbrook instead of Harden. The Rockets picked the Thunder's pocket!
Chester8432::he would be better if he can defense
Dezagcoog::So would Lin and Morris but we can't get everything in less than half a season.
cityhunter4::Had Asik and other Rockets can actually lay-up tonight, Lin would of have 12 assists.  Lin is really the oil that runs the Rockets engines.  He played 40 minutes tonight = Rockets blowout.
kita2porgee::Saw the game from start to finish. It was the combo of Lin &amp; Douglas that move the ball smoothly &amp; Lin got hot driving inside and Del Fino was hot from every where. TO's by Harden &amp; Parsons were the culprits of losing a big lead, then Del Fino's 3, a steal by Lin, Lin threw a perfect touch down lay up by Del Fino, gave them a 10pt lead that was  5 when LouWilliams got hot for the Hawks. So to report it was Harden, Hogwash!
fred3857::TO sometimes is meaningless,as Parsons played terrible these 3 games.
Dezagcoog::Harden had ONE turnover and Parsons had ZERO....Lin had 4...are you sure you don't want to rewrite your idiotic babbling?
Denver27346::I'm curious about how to write recap with stats only? Stats doesn't show everything.
cityhunter4::This proves the recap writers didn't watch the game.  They just look at the final stats.
jpjorgensen420::Harden had one turnover.
ozi0628::The success of the season will depend on Lin. When he plays well with Harden, we won't lose hardly any games. When he is off, Harden won't be able to do it alone.
Dezagcoog::Luckily the success of the season will not depend on the decisions by you two stooges...
Denzel7587::The success of the season will depend on Harden not being a ballhog and trusting Lin to play the PG role.
Kozinski77::The problem is Lin passes to Harden, but Harden rarely passes to LIn.
cityhunter4::Once again Lin shows up another NBA PG Jeff Teague.  Yet "experts" still questions whether Lin should be a starting PG.  LOL
Billy12964::good
Whitemamba-Celia Cruz Pick and Roll::Lin balled out
Dawan208::You mean Knick trolls
inquisitiveman::i still cant figure out why ryan seacrest is even on tv....the guy sucks!
Everyday im Shufflin 290::MC Hammer and PSY put on a show tonight
Everyday im Shufflin 290::That new years rockin eve on ABC
inquisitiveman::i see it now....btw, tonite is PSY's birthday too...
inquisitiveman::where?
DaBeardedAsian::Lin's barber is Hardin
kiyongee::Jeremy lin &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Jeff Teague
keithw621::Happy 2013 everyone!!  Lin hustle and that's all i can ask for as a Rox fan.
leaper44444444::howard to houston as a free agent, asik would be a great trade chip perfect team for howard with lin, beard, etc
corn12365 1::there is NO WAY the lakers will trade howard for what the rockets have unless they gave up asik parsons and they they traded there best picks to okc for harden
marquies27::I see houston bounces back from that beat down in OKC....your still a poor man's brooklyn nets...
Billy12964::yes
inquisitiveman::Houston &gt; East minus Miami
marquies27::"...playing better than Nets, Celtics, Lakers, Mavs, etc" &lt;~~~~~~~~true comedy right here...
sealtrader::and the comedian is :"""""" marquies27"!""""
bobbydagreat::I see you don't watch much basketball.
AlphaBeta123::actually this team is playing better than Nets, Celtics, Lakers, Mavs, etc....a lot of teams that get more exposure.  Thanks for playing.  Get out.
Walter_Paynis::Seems to me that Harden is sort of like Kobe in that he's a volume scorer and not efficient as someone like Lebron or Durant.
StJohn087::Dudes crazy there are lots if nights harden drops 30 on like 15 shots
inquisitiveman::it's ok...he is only 23 yrs old and improving.
leaper44444444::raptors keep winning and okc looks like a foooool, rockets are two players away or one star
whatthehell4646::JLIN should improve his long-shot which he is poor at.
thyshakes::Agree.  Need to hire a private coach and work on it 2-3 hrs daily.  Being a point guard, it's tough, because you have a lot more to learn.
pistol111847::Great observation Sherlock.... great job pointing out his weak point. Guess you think he sucked tonight??
whatthehell4646::He played well tonight,he is aggressive and I like his block
Lorenzomax7::There is no wrong if someone wants Lin to be a star every night.
imperviouz::for lin haters  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6LN7XtsFwmA
BBandFB60::i saw 3 blocks in the stat sheet, now its only 2
imperviouz::look closely, all rockets were there. only lin actually tried to do something while everyone was just watching smith.
OcoroDonFiore::Cole Aldrich  1 minute played. 1 TO, no other stats.  Sounds about right.
AlphaBeta123::guy is useless
NguyenDragon::I am out... Got to head to a party... Happy New Year fellas...
MichaelKL017::who here feels like crashing the Knicks boards?  They are talking trash about J-Lin.  http://espn.go.com/blog/new-york/knicks/post/_/id/32103/top-10-knicks-moments-of-2012
Glenagglenag::those trolls...
DaBeardedAsian::NERDS RULE 2013!!!! BABY!!
asdwr890::The difference between Lin haters and Lin fans: Lin haters hide away in shame when he does well, Lin fans will support him even when he has a bad game.
Billy12964::mm
asdwr890::To me, Lin haters are more obnoxious than over-the-head Lin fans
pistol111847::Jealousy - definitely. Some racism also. And annoyance at attention JLin is getting............
NguyenDragon::I am guessing jealousy... It was odd hearing Melo commenting on Lin's contract... Who does that?  When was the last time we heard an athlete talking about another athlete's contract?
thyshakes::Insecurity?  The kid is not a super star.  We don't know he will end up but he does have much potential.  However, his story is inspirational showing a perfect example to kids to never give up your dream.  Even if you think is luck, the kid gave it all he got last year and came thru at the very last minute.  I can only think of very few reasons why LIn has haters and they are really not good.
pistol111847::I've never seen anything like it. It's sad really
Dawan208::Why does he get so much hate.   He's not a superstar like Kobe or LBJ or Wade???  I don't get it?
pistol111847::Yeah they can't stand it when he makes them eat their words. Get USED TO IT MOFO'S!!!!!!!
MiQuel249::Things Trolls should not do in 2013 Stand in front of microwaves Drink warm milk Eat uncooked ramen noodles Wear the same hoody all week Stay in moms basement  Have a Happy New Year everyone
hkuze::you sure do know a lot about trolls.  takes one to know one eh?
Lorenzomax7::Delfino should take some poisoned pills then he would have been a superstar. ;)
pistol111847::Happy New Year Rockets fans!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
DaBeardedAsian::Houston don't have any fans or what..Toyota Center is always empty LOL
H-Town Dream Shake::There was 18,103 people at the Toyota Center tonight.
dmanic975::It is raining and New Years eve. Comcast deal has hurt the fans interest. They are much better with Delfino. He can really ball.
NguyenDragon::Houston has always been a football town... The only time you see a full house is the playoffs...
pistol111847::I'm going to take a lot of sh** for this but based on the way JLin played tonight he could become one of the best all around PG's in the league in a year or two. This is provided:  - He stays healthy - His idiot coach leaves him on the floor if he makes a mistake
pistol111847::Actually TD is becoming a valuable member of the team. Just don't play him in crunch time -- never know what he's going to do - scary.
jalapeno94::In a close game Lin gets a mini breather with Harden coming in for him and later back in for Douglas
NguyenDragon::What McHale should do is rest Lin at the beginning of the 4th and play him the rest of the way...
thyshakes::I'm a Lin fan but he is not there yet.  He needs to hire a private coach that specialize on shooting.  He should hire the guy that coached Dirk.
Dawan208::I agree or stay in the gym like Morris and practice his three point shots for 2-3 hours a night!!!!!!
pistol111847::I'll add your comment as a third point. His coach is still an idiot.
NguyenDragon::I think Douglas is garbage but someone has to play when Lin gets tired... We know he gets careless with the ball when he does...
NguyenDragon::Take out that second statement and put in...  - Work on his shooting...
