Streetgangromeoo1::The Best Name that suits new team "THE NEW ORLEANS BEAT"
EdHart81::I dont think the jazz will make the playoff and i have my reasoning for this and the other 5 teams who might make the playoffs and my analysis! Come check it out!! its a great read! http://nbawagers.com/2012/04/who-will-capture-the-7th-and-8th-seeds-in-the-western-conference/
ShaneP504::New Orleans could beat ALMOST ever team in the league WITH Eric Gordon.
MZ COREC::.
Samwise583::Of course Jazz lose to one of the worst teams in the league... They can beat the lakers, the heat, the grizzlys, but get their butts handed to them by the bobcats and the hornets...
polocash::This ought a stop the Jazz faithful. They thought they were good after beating Spurs without big 3 and then lose to this team... Playoff teams shouldn't lose to teams with losing record this late in season.
JazzCeltics::Still faithful here but right now we have about a 10% chance of making the playoffs... and I am being optimistic. I still think any fan or teams that encourage tanking are idiots and losers...   Unless your going to get a guy like Garnett, Duncan, Shaq then its stupid...
THE TEEGEMAN::The Jazz got their a s s e s whipped by the HORNETS!  THE HORNETS! Come on people..THE JAZZ SUCK!
JazzCeltics::Did you watch the game?... The last 4 minutes got away with them and the Hornets are playing free and easy. That wasn't an A whoopin tee bag...   And if you haven't noticed already the Jazz don't match up well with good athletic guards...   This was a good win for the Hornets and a bad loss for the Jazz but the Hornets aren't playing like the broke team they were earlier in the season.
Christo677::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. I have made over 3k a month for 3 consecutive months just following this system. It's on the 1st page of Google when you search the words "sports betting system" Thought I would post this for anyone that's looking for a betting system that actually works.
Christo677::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. I have made over 3k a month for 3 consecutive months just following this system. It's on the 1st page of Google when you search the words "sports betting system" Thought I would post this for anyone that's looking for a betting system that actually works.
Michaelprestby65::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. I have made over 3k a month for 3 consecutive months just following this system. It's on the 1st page of Google when you search the words "sports betting system" Thought I would post this for anyone that's looking for a betting system that actually works.
GsU -3000-GsU::Paul put on a show in the N.O. but more importantly we couldnt get the win.... disappointed but happy to see Paul play tremendous ball
GsU -3000-GsU::with the hurt wrist WoW!
RockyMountainWay1::I know Jazz fans have a seething hate for the Nuggets and their fans but the two teams are alike, Nuggets lost to these guys too. And both teams will miss the playoffs because of the Suns who are playing unbelievably good.
jessemangelson::Jazz might get two lottery picks this year.
JazzCeltics::Not if G.S. has anything to lose/say about it...
SouthMedTex::Why do they make a big deal about the "Playoff Race" Do they think these teams struggling to get in the playoffs will do something if by some miracle they make it?!
JazzCeltics::Ya...   making the playoffs shows that your team is successful and that you are a winner...  Ask D-Will if there isn't a difference from just making the playoffs verses being on a sucky team.
markou06::why'd you ask then
TskeTch33::Its called "competition" anyone who knows anything about sports and has a love for the game would know that
SouthMedTex::Your soooo wise. thank you for learning me
LaFuriaRojaESPANA::New Orleans just beat Denver the other night, and now Utah...we ain't goin to the playoffs, but we're taking yall out with us!!! LOL
TskeTch33::congratulations on not making the playoffs
broncosroxnuggs::Enjoy watching the nuggets in the playoffs for the 2nd year in a row jazz fans
marcus-s2981::neither the jazz or the nuggets are winning a title anytime this century...
SouthMedTex::so the nuggets will never win one
TskeTch33::enjoy watching the jazz win a title before the nuggets do
Utah_Dirtbiker::I'm tired of the Jazz having these down games. It's frustrating.
BigDSportsMavsCowboys::There goes UTAH playoff hopes
SouthMedTex::Is Utah a real place?
zprince3::If America exists, Utah exists.  You say that just because you think it's a tiny, barren desert yes?  It's pretty normal and there are 21 less populated states.
TskeTch33::Uh have you ever looked at a map?
broncosroxnuggs::They are done.
zprince3::Yes they are.  We play Memphis, Dallas, Portland, Orlando, Phoenix, Portland.  We must  win 5 of those 6 games to make it.  I'm not even confident that we can win one of them after tonight.
Utah_Dirtbiker::It's only one game. Playoff hopes aren't dead yet.
Adrianch01::All the Cocky Jazz fans deserved this..
JazzCeltics::I wasn't cocky... I felt lucky and emberassed that we could barely squeak out a win against S.A. bench...  S.A. bench though is pretty good.
polocash::They were cocky after beating Spurs, who, by the way, left there top 3 players at home and still were in the game.
zprince3::Yeah, what cocky Jazz fans?  Personally I try to keep my expectations on the lower end so stupid losses like this don't hurt as much.  If you're looking for cocky fans, take a look at big market and bandwagon fans.
Utah_Dirtbiker::What cocky Jazz fans? We don't have a consistant enough team to be cocky.
n8n8n888::Utah is now officially back in the lottery.  That is NOT a good thing.  Signed, a severely disgusted fan.  Games like this are must wins and inexcusable losses.
jessemangelson::They have 9 healthy players give them a break.
marcus-s2981::theyre done.
Utah_Dirtbiker::Yes it is inexcusable, but they aren't officially out of the playoff race.
1sportslove12::Millsap and Favors were the only two that showed up for the game. Hayward looked terrible on offense and defense and Harris went back to his old self.
scow79::Favors should have gotten more minutes than Jefferson IMO.   3 rebounds from your starting C in 31 minutes is unexceptible.
BarkBarkForPig::we knew what he was saying smarta.ss
Googiz::unacceptable
pacerpride35::The NBA should have made this game a battle for the Jazz nickname. It could've been like a huge cage match, no DQ, no countouts, etc.
zprince3::I'm glad they didn't.  My Jazz wouldn't have cared.  I'm not even sure playing for their families' lives would have been enough to inspire this team.
PadresChargersClippers::lol nice one
Can-I-Get-A-Hot-Tub::Dwill/Nash - Unrealistic Brooks - With Nash gone, PHO will keep him Felton - Fat Hinrich/Nelson - Temporary solutions Kidd/ Miller/Billups - Old Augustin/Farmar - Backups  I think these 4, who are young, have a shot of becoming the PG of the future for UTA: Udrih/Dragic/Jerryd Bayless/Sessions  That's pretty much the list for FA PGs this year.
Can-I-Get-A-Hot-Tub::I know fans love to fall in love with potential draft picks, but they don't always pan out.   Sessions and Bayless have the same potential to explode like Dragic has done, plus they've shown they could do it in the NBA already.
scow79::Bottom line.   None of those guys are as good as Harris, so why bother spending money on any of them?
scow79::I've been hearing about Bayless' potential since he's come into the league 3 years ago.   I've yet to see it.   I don't want to go through another CJ Miles.
scow79::I'd rather have Kendall Marshall over any of the 4 you listed aside from Dragic.
Doc Emmett L Brown::Lillard
scow79::Lillard scares the shite out of me
KyleBrown834534::severely disappointed Jazz fan
Doc Emmett L Brown::Join the club
Doc Emmett L Brown::All right. I'm out like the fat kid in dodgeball.
adam_keefe_fan_forever::I leave to play with my girl, and the Jazz lose. Super.
scow79::Moral of the story.   Never spend time with your children.   Ignore them and hope for the best.
Doc Emmett L Brown::Yo Joe!
scow79::True.   I learned everything I know from G.I. Joe.    And knowing is half the battle.
Doc Emmett L Brown::Just turn on the TV
adam_keefe_fan_forever::I'm sorry! She was just being super cute and walking for the first time and all...
Doc Emmett L Brown::And you think THAT is more important than a game you have no personal stake in? How dare you.
Doc Emmett L Brown::The Jazz never could win without Keefe. What were you thinking?
HHashm::After the draft, we will be the New Orleans Uni-brows.
Ireland297::great name lol
zprince3::But it's not Stern's team anymore
Can-I-Get-A-Hot-Tub::Nope. Stern isn't going to do that. EVERYBODY would claim Conspiracy and other owners (like Cuban) might sue Stern and the league.  Stern's best bet is to give his team the #2 overall.  That way, if there ARE talks about conspiracy, it won't go far because it's only the #2 seed.
zrjp9::Amnesty okafor for more cap space
break90jh::Wow, this one's gonna sting.  Losing TWICE to the Hornets, once to the Kings, and we're going to miss the playoffs by less than 2 games I bet.
Can-I-Get-A-Hot-Tub::Hornets aren't that bad.  I actually had the balls (or stupidity) to predict the Hornets could compete for the 8th seed before the season began.
EMCanada::Unhealthy.
break90jh::Then why don't they have more wins?
Doc Emmett L Brown::There's a list of about 8 games the Jazz could have won, as is the case with many teams. Gotta play all 48 minutes.
Doc Emmett L Brown::Oh, and have good players.
scow79::Don't forget losing to Toronto.   And we lost to Sacramento twice
Can-I-Get-A-Hot-Tub::Goran Dragic anybody?
grsshppr::He just proved that he could play an entire game sucking and then get really lucky in the last 5 minutes of the game.  Oh wait.  That doesn't prove anything at all except that his team sucks and their record is right there in case you don't believe it.  Wow.  Hornets fans are completely oblivious.
Mark15911::Read the first comment of this thread its about Goran Dragic....
HHashm::Goran is proving himself right now, who knows how the rookies turn out. We would have had a decent pick to boot with the core that is taking Houston to the playoffs right now.
HHashm::NO VETO = GORAN, SCOLA, MARTIN. We freakin' had him.
Mark15911::Hornets can still have him he'll be a free agent after this season.
scow79::Part of the deal to buying The Hornets was the draft rights to Anthony Davis.   That's what I heard anyway
Doc Emmett L Brown::Not "his" team anymore.
Can-I-Get-A-Hot-Tub::Was Dragic thrown in too?  But think about it this way, at least the Hornets will get 2 shots at winning the lottery (I personally think Stern gives HIS team the #2 overall).
scow79::I like the idea, but we'll be outbid by other teams
Can-I-Get-A-Hot-Tub::Yes I counted Miles.  http://www.shamsports.com/content/pages/data/salaries/jazz.jsp
Doc Emmett L Brown::Well, the Jazz may very well have two lottery picks to bring in a PG
scow79::Did you count the 4M the Jazz will save by not signing CJ Miles?
Can-I-Get-A-Hot-Tub::It looks the Jazz will have about $8mil in cap space next year.  If not Dragic, other than Nash, it comes down to Sessions and Udrih who both have PO they have to opt out of
scow79::I'll concur with your concur
Doc Emmett L Brown::I concur.
HHashm::What a core the Hornets would of had.
K-LoveEatsBratWurst::I bet all you idiots from Louisiana and Utah want to ban Porn right?
jaad95h::why would anyone say that?
Doc Emmett L Brown::If by "ban" you mean, eventually watch it all... then yes.
HHashm::I bet all you idiots from Louisiana and Utah want to ban *gay* Porn right?  Fixed.
grsshppr::All Hornets fans are pretending Gordon does this every night. Like he just turns it on in the last 5 minutes of every game and hits every shot he throws up at the rim. Come on guys. That guy is good but not that good. He got so lucky even he couldn't believe it. So lucky. Great win against a superior team that's for sure. Great win N. O.
marcus-s2981::grsshppr sorry you lost this one....anyone with any sensible basketball knowledge will tell you Gordon is a very good player. He needs to stay healthy but that's about it.  You're making him seem like hes horrible and that is stupid.  That is what good players do....hit shots with hands in their face.
zprince3::Superior team?  hah.  The Hornets had us outmatched at 4 positions most of the night.
Mark15911::The Hornets record doesn't reflect their roster or how good they could be Gordon, Okafor, Smith, Landry, Jack, Kaman and Ariza have all missed a significant amount of games this year.  Although the Hornets haven't won many games they've been competitive every night no matter who plays.  A healthy team next year 2 top 10 picks in this years draft and a lot of money to spend on free agents this offseason and the Hornets could turn it around quick.  Get a clue before you say anything else and quit complaining.
grsshppr::He is ten times the player and has the consistency to back up any doubts.  I don't even like his team or him for that matter but he's a far better player than Gordon will ever dream of.
grsshppr::Love makes Gordon look like a high school player.
grsshppr::Here come the claims.  Guys.  He's not that good.  He plays for a pile of shhiiit team and gets to take most of the shots.  He has been very fortunate to make some key shots.  Tonight the Hornets couldn't do anything even though he was playing, and they certainly haven't done much all season.  Look at their record.  Once again.  This was an upset.  You beat a better team.
Can-I-Get-A-Hot-Tub::I guess Love isn't really that good either then.
Can-I-Get-A-Hot-Tub::He does...he averaged about 23 points last year.  His negative is he gets hurt all the time
grsshppr::Because he is the shooter. He takes all the shots.  That why Lin who really isn't that good averaged so many points on his lucky streak.  He shot the ball every time down the court because they didn't have anybody to go to either at the time.
scow79::I'll make the claim.   Gordon is a top 5 SG in the league when he's 100%
ltdee1970::Son you do not a clue !!! do you??? I am Sorry your mom drop you on your a$$ i mean head to many times?!?!? Gordon is a Great Player and if A. DAVIS came to the NOLA!!! watch out SON!!!
grsshppr::He played above and beyond his actual talent tonight and it was all in the last 5 minutes.  He had hands in his face and was guarded well in those minutes.  He literally just threw those shots up and they were falling when they hadn't been all game.  That is called luck.
Mark15911::He's only played 6 games this season.  He hit a game winner against the Suns the first game of the year too.
HHashm::He is clutch. Did it in his first game as well. The kid has been a 5 star high school recruit, 5 star college player, and will be an all-star if he can stay healthy.
Doc Emmett L Brown::I actually don't think I've seen one Hornets fan make this claim
Doc Emmett L Brown::I just looked up the term "addition by subtraction" and lo and behold, it had a picture of Al Jefferson there.
scow79::His picture must have replaced Lamar Odom's.
Doc Emmett L Brown::It's the new version.
HHashm::The difference between being a Saints and Hornets season ticket holder is amazing. You're lucky to even have Saints season tickets while the Hornets are having you take halftime shots, hanging in the locker room, free gear for coming etc...  Better price, better "overall" experience. Yeah I know they suck, but it's a far more involved experience.
Doc Emmett L Brown::Are the Jazz tanking?
zprince3::Half the team doesn't care but a few guys are trying to will us into the playoffs.
EMCanada::In past years it was Minnesota that did that to us. Jazz always have problems against one good team, one mediocre team and one bad team.  Dallas, Sacramento and NO were that this year.
grsshppr::They haven't played very well on the road all year long and the Hornets almost always give them problems even if they are a terrible team.
ltdee1970::YOU FELL ON YOUR A$$!?? I MEAN HEAD AGAIN!!! SON!!!!
lll__::12 points in the 4th quarter.  12. $@%!$@%. points.
Can-I-Get-A-Hot-Tub::What positions do the Jazz need to fill for next year...SF?
EMCanada::Hayward is a wing, he plays both well.
HHashm::Isn't Gordon playing the 3? He's been a gem lately.
Can-I-Get-A-Hot-Tub::I always felt he was a 3, but Jazz fans screamed he's a 2
Doc Emmett L Brown::A gem? lol. My grandma used to say that.
zrjp9::2
Doc Emmett L Brown::PG
Can-I-Get-A-Hot-Tub::oh right
grsshppr::So the game was tied up with a few minutes left and Gordon decided he would get luckier than anybody ever has making everything he threw up in the last few minutes.  Even he was surprised as this was incredibly foreign to perform like this.  They just got so lucky it's silly.  Everybody knew if then Hornets won tonight it would be called an upset.
mikeisildur::Why didn't Millsap get pissed off and guard him before the game was already over?
Doc Emmett L Brown::That would have been equally as folly
scow79::Eric Gordon is actually pretty damn good.   I wouldn't call it luck
zrjp9::Gordon is great when healthy bro
ltdee1970::MEN YOU SUCK!!! SON!!!
Mark15911::Those weren't lucky shots good players make plays.  Quit complaining the Jazz lost.
grsshppr::Luck is what you can call his performance tonight with 5 minutes remaining.  He closed his eyes and threw the ball towards the rim.  He's never made that many shots in a row when it counted like that.  Never.  That was very fortunate if you don't want to call it luck.  That rarely happens for any player;  to hit every shot you throw up in the last few minutes when it counts.
Can-I-Get-A-Hot-Tub::Jefferson or Milsap needs to be traded.
ltdee1970::HORNETS FAN: I WILL TAKE HIM IN A SECOND!!! HE NEED TO COME HOME!!!
scow79::Jefferson needs to be traded.  No need to throw Millsap in the mix
EMCanada::A team looking for an off the bench big might give us a pretty good offer for Paul.
Doc Emmett L Brown::Jefferson.
HHashm::If Eric Gordon had any goodwill in him, he'd give the Hornets another year.
Can-I-Get-A-Hot-Tub::Well, he HAS a choice. He can accept the 1 year Qualifying offer and THEN become an Unrestricted FA the following year.
zrjp9::Keywords were next year... he has no choice
zrjp9::He has no choice next year, hornets can match any offer. He is restricted
ltdee1970::You Are Wrong!!! The are going to offer him a max deal!!! If he Take it, he stay, and he sign with another team the hornets will not match it!!!1
HHashm::Awesome. Thanks.
Doc Emmett L Brown::NBA players are just full of that too
lll__::Well……at least Utah gets to keep their lottery pick.
zrjp9::Gordon will resign now that an owner is in place... future is bright, good coach and gm, nice young players, and 2 lotto picks... they can be good in a hurry
snipehook::where are all the fans at then? hopefully, he re-signs
scow79::Isn't Gordon a restricted free agent?
Mark15911::Yes he is the Hornets can match any offer he gets elsewhere.
Doc Emmett L Brown::That's just what he was waiting for! An owner! I grew out of small-market fan delusional behavior years ago. Don't worry buddy. You'll get there.
Goon-::Trade him. He's too injury prone. Bring back Granger.
Goon-::Gordon never plays.
ltdee1970::suck it son!!
grsshppr::All Hornets fans are pretending Gordon does this every night.  Like he just turns it on in the last 5 minutes of every game and hits every shot he throws up at the rim.  Come on guys.  That guy is good but not that good.  He got so lucky even he couldn't believe it.  So lucky.  Great win against a superior team that's for sure.  Great win N. O.
Mark15911::No way Granger is 5 years older and not as good.
noelito69::I BELIEVE THIS COACHES AND PLAYERS GAMBLING
Doc Emmett L Brown::Was this a sentence?
noelito69::mr mikeisildur
noelito69::now you show me that you re one of the millions of stupid that believe this is honest.
Doc Emmett L Brown::Gotcha.
mikeisildur::Oh I meant yours was a sentence.  I think that guy just has a third grade education.
Doc Emmett L Brown::I'm still trying to decipher its meaning.
mikeisildur::Yes it was.  Good job doc.
Food Be Tasty::Bye homies, hang loose.
HHashm::Best part of the Hornets season? I've been getting row 3 seats for $65
thanbai206::this game is a trap
Free Alec Burks Returns::Well i'm off to get sh*tfaced. bye
Doc Emmett L Brown::Drink top shelf. You'll feel better in the morning.
Kev_010::trade jefferson, millsap, and harris. Jazz don't need them.
snipehook::keep millsap and trade the other 2. Get Augustin from Charlotte
jeffwawa::This was a painful game to watch. Jazz just didn't want to play.
snipehook::Can we trade Jefferson yet? Favors and Millsap should be starting - trade Jefferson for a shooter.
Kev_010::when is kanter going to get more minutes? if jazz don't need him trade him.
snipehook::He'll get more - hopefully we move Jefferson in the off-season
scow79::I'm hoping that's the plan.   A shooter or a PG
snipehook::Yup! Jefferson sucks at defense
