Liberal Feminist::Durants defense/passing has improved a TON!!  Great to see an athlete work so hard and continuely get better.  You just don't see that anymore.  Everyone wants to get by on talent alone.  "Hard work beats talent, when talent fails to work hard!"  Gotta love that quote.  I only wish I knew who said it.
CandySparker::Mad about you, Durant Durant
scweeber::Good to see the 10-2 Thunder behind the 4-3 Clippers in the newest Hollinger Power Rankings.  His system had the Nuggets in 2nd going into the playoffs last year... right before losing to OKC in 5.
E L FUDGE::New Orleans still suc I see. Oh well. OKC 4 LIFE!!
BOOMERSOONERSalltheway::^BOO
talyor62::rip Seattle SuperSonics
SoonerIbis::No kidding, without the Hornets, there would be no Thunder.
scweeber::No reason to disrespect the Hornets. I supported the hell out of them when they were in OKC and was sad to see them go.   I'm happy that we got the better franchise in the end, but also thankful to the city of New Orleans and the Hornet franchise for giving us our opportunity to prove our value as an NBA city.
KeMvP277::We suck ?We lost by ten to the best team in the west without Gordon and Ariza. This game would have been different if NOla was healthy.
scweeber::5 wins in 6 nights. Dayum.  GO THUNDER!
uconnhuskies0480::durant is easily the second best player in the nba
KeMvP277::Lebron Kobe Wade Rose Durant
zonawildcats09::you really think drose or lebron or kobe or whoever play great or better defense?
cod4hooper::LeBron and that's it.
cod4hooper::29 points, 10 boards, 3 assists, 4 blocks, 1 steal. That doesn't seem very 1 dimensional...
KeMvP277::Season averages:  25.4 PPG 6.90 RPG 3.6 APG .9 BPG .9 SPG The only stat that stands out there is points. Pretty one-dimensional.
KeMvP277::I dunno, he's one dimensional. But he's one of the best scorers.
cod4hooper::Does anybody know what channel the Boston Dallas game is on?? I can't find it on Directv...
cod4hooper::Yep I caught the bad pass from Rondo.
KeMvP277::Yeah Nowitzki won the game for dallas.
cod4hooper::Too bad Allen couldn't hahaha
cod4hooper::Dangit lol thanks man.
KeMvP277::It's over now, Dallas won.
KeMvP277::ESPN
Thnguyen325::James harden comes off the bench because without him, they don't have much offensive fire power to come off the bench. Cook isn't a consistent scorer, and collison isn't much of an offensive threat that would help spark the secondary unit. Therefore, Harden is the 6th man coming off the bench to play against the other team's second unit, and to help score while KD and the other starters get a chance to rest.
zonawildcats09::Somebody tell me why harden isn't starting yet?
u2dy::Jason Terry. Manu. James Harden.
zonawildcats09::haha makes sense, ain't gonna argue with the W's
Mega_Tron4::sefalosha starting to get an offensive game
Mega_Tron4::and a top tier defender
cod4hooper::Great spot up shooter and can move without the basketball.
KeMvP277::Scott Brooks is a great coach, i'm sure his reasons are legit.
hitalot04::he is the leader of the 2nd team
zonawildcats09::seems like he's been consistently playing better than the starters ahead of him
cod4hooper::Because he's the leader of that second unit so he has to score more and step up. They like that, so they keep it like that.
cod4hooper::If I have to explain this one more time. Westbrook and Durant are the scorers for the first unit, and Harden and Cook are the scorers for the 2nd unit. If you threw all your fire power out there in the beginning, your bench would get blown out and then you'd have a record like the Hornets.
64442787338::i think he likes 6th man role better.  or thunder want top tier 2nd unit
Mega_Tron4::spark off the bench
LandMan152::Wish I knew. Probably because coming off the bench is working? Lol... but starting him would work too.
KeMvP277::I still think it's great for the hornets that they had a chance to win in the 4th quarter against the best team in the west.
KeMvP277::Good game
heat9875::true that okc is beast
LandMan152::I think it's great that you call the Thunder the best team in the west. That's respect. The rest of the league will soon figure this out.
KeMvP277::Theres no question.
Mega_Tron4::after our 5th game in 6 nights
KeMvP277::Yeah well we didn't have Gordon or Ariza soo...
whodat4409::Hey, OKC, how's your nfl team doing this year?  Oops, that's right, your small town in nowhere,ok can't support one...must be terrible to be a yokie from okie...stay classy, farm people...barely beat a depleted hornets team...pathetic....and, where do you get those announcers from?  High school?  Lmao...joke of a city....
BOOMERSOONERSalltheway::OKC is the 30th biggest city in the US. Not small.
hieddie500::bourbon street. enough said.
KeMvP277::alright guys, don't talk sh.it about New Orleans just because of one fan. And i've never even seen this guy on here before.
CosmoKramer1444::Ahhhhhh did someone not get their pacifier in time?
WIkalikalou::"Small town in nowhere"?....not only does that not make grammatical sense, but Oklahoma City has a larger population than New Orleans. Maybe you guys in Louisiana should look into obtaining a new book store franchise.
Mega_Tron4::they got more gators than they do people
winterfresh98::Read a bunch of noise and saw the phrase "stay classy"  Pot meet kettle
Mega_Tron4::we supported the hornets better than that swamp
cod4hooper::Hahahah I love when people get super butthurt about a loss and just go into attack mode. Didn't Paul ask to leave NOLA...?
Robert29124::what a joke you are. its the nba bro. To make it to the nba requires more skill than you will ever dream of having. go OKC
T8ke_A_Picture::Thunder won by 10 points, barely beat.  You should su.ck Oklahoma's di.ck for letting your franchise play in Oklahoma you ungrateful fu.ck.
Mega_Tron4::T8ke_A_Picture was not
KeMvP277::I'm talking about this game
Mega_Tron4::they played in okc after Katrina the huricane
KeMvP277::Well i actually watched the game, i don't know about you...
Mega_Tron4::yeah they were! where you been?
KeMvP277::they weren't in okc
malumidget823::whodat. oh that's right, nobody cares. THUNDER UP
KeMvP277::The saints care.
Mega_Tron4::wow bro your the joke
AndySportsB::OKC baby were rolling!
KeMvP277::I'm gettin tired of NOLA putting up 15-20 points in the 4th quarter every game. It's like they stop trying or something.
RollThunder35::Apologizing in advance to NYKnicks.
Mega_Tron4::Aologize to whoever we meet in the finals
olemissfan26::heck yeah $$$$ thanks OKC
cod4hooper::And the Thunder Roll!!!   Nice battle NOLA, you just couldn't quite pull it off. Until next time!!
LandMan152::10-2. 5 wins in a row in 6 days. It'll be good for the guys to get a few days off before the next game on Saturday.
Mega_Tron4::thats probably the longest the whole season
cod4hooper::I didn't know they had a 2 day gap in there, that's awesome.
RollThunder35::Can't beleive how relieved I was just to end College football just so we could start obsessing about the Thunder!!!!!!!!
Mega_Tron4::best record in the NBA
winterfresh98::Curtains  10-2 GO OKC!!!
RollThunder35::Anyone else feel like Thunder are starting to just fire on ALL cylinders?  I mean......5 games in 6 nights?
RollThunder35::We worked most kinks out and all we do is stay focused.  54 more nights.  Im loving this!
Mega_Tron4::Had to get in a rythm. sights set on title
Mega_Tron4::another double-double 3rd strait
LandMan152::Is Cook supposed to be a 3-point specialist? It just seems like he rarely hits one.
tboneosu1::He was shooting about 50% until the last couple of games where he is like 2-10
d rock48::Tim Tebow = Best quarterback in the NFL
LandMan152::I root hard for Tebow. I love what he stands for as I am also a Christian man. But this is just ridiculous. He's far from it. But he does deserve a little respect.
RollThunder35::he may be fun to watch or polarizing, as a Tebow fan.  Thats not true at all.
Mega_Tron4::dude may i ask what you smokin on? thats funny
cod4hooper::Damn that was great defense Landry, that wasn't your fault lol
rosebwlbound::Sherman's a douch3
Omar Jenkins::<b> ESPN MODS ARE FOREVER IMMORTAL </b>
T8ke_A_Picture::Lmao that flopper!
cod4hooper::He and Okafor have been doing that ALL game.
esstea23::Gen. Sherman, I don't care for that kind of shenanigans.
cod4hooper::Hahahaha Bout time one of them got called out on their flopping.
wayde1213::we need captain planet to stop these spammers, sad thing is a fictional character would do more then espn mods
e2chris.::Chicago as well.
e2chris.::Good luck with that. They are pounding the Dallas, New York and Miami boards.
GENERAL. SHERMAN. 316::Sherman was born in 1820 in Lancaster, Ohio, near the shores of the Hocking River. His father Charles Robert Sherman, a successful lawyer who sat on    the Ohio Supreme Court, died unexpectedly in 1829. He left his widow, Mary Hoyt Sherman, with eleven children and no inheritance. After his father's     death, the nine-year-old Sherman was raised by a Lancaster neighbor and family friend, attorney Thomas Ewing, a prominent member of the Whig Party     who served as senator from Ohio and as the first Secretary of the Interior. Sherman was distantly related to American founding father Roger Sherman and    grew to admire him.[3]
GENERAL. SHERMAN. 316::Sherman was born in 1820 in Lancaster, Ohio, near the shores of the Hocking River. His father Charles Robert Sherman, a successful lawyer who sat on    the Ohio Supreme Court, died unexpectedly in 1829. He left his widow, Mary Hoyt Sherman, with eleven children and no inheritance. After his father's     death, the nine-year-old Sherman was raised by a Lancaster neighbor and family friend, attorney Thomas Ewing, a prominent member of the Whig Party     who served as senator from Ohio and as the first Secretary of the Interior. Sherman was distantly related to American founding father Roger Sherman and    grew to admire him.[3]
GENERAL. SHERMAN. 316::Sherman was born in 1820 in Lancaster, Ohio, near the shores of the Hocking River. His father Charles Robert Sherman, a successful lawyer who sat on    the Ohio Supreme Court, died unexpectedly in 1829. He left his widow, Mary Hoyt Sherman, with eleven children and no inheritance. After his father's     death, the nine-year-old Sherman was raised by a Lancaster neighbor and family friend, attorney Thomas Ewing, a prominent member of the Whig Party     who served as senator from Ohio and as the first Secretary of the Interior. Sherman was distantly related to American founding father Roger Sherman and    grew to admire him.[3]
GENERAL. SHERMAN. 316::Sherman was born in 1820 in Lancaster, Ohio, near the shores of the Hocking River. His father Charles Robert Sherman, a successful lawyer who sat on    the Ohio Supreme Court, died unexpectedly in 1829. He left his widow, Mary Hoyt Sherman, with eleven children and no inheritance. After his father's     death, the nine-year-old Sherman was raised by a Lancaster neighbor and family friend, attorney Thomas Ewing, a prominent member of the Whig Party     who served as senator from Ohio and as the first Secretary of the Interior. Sherman was distantly related to American founding father Roger Sherman and    grew to admire him.[3]
GENERAL. SHERMAN. 316::Sherman was born in 1820 in Lancaster, Ohio, near the shores of the Hocking River. His father Charles Robert Sherman, a successful lawyer who sat on    the Ohio Supreme Court, died unexpectedly in 1829. He left his widow, Mary Hoyt Sherman, with eleven children and no inheritance. After his father's     death, the nine-year-old Sherman was raised by a Lancaster neighbor and family friend, attorney Thomas Ewing, a prominent member of the Whig Party     who served as senator from Ohio and as the first Secretary of the Interior. Sherman was distantly related to American founding father Roger Sherman and    grew to admire him.[3]
GENERAL. SHERMAN. 316::Sherman was born in 1820 in Lancaster, Ohio, near the shores of the Hocking River. His father Charles Robert Sherman, a successful lawyer who sat on    the Ohio Supreme Court, died unexpectedly in 1829. He left his widow, Mary Hoyt Sherman, with eleven children and no inheritance. After his father's     death, the nine-year-old Sherman was raised by a Lancaster neighbor and family friend, attorney Thomas Ewing, a prominent member of the Whig Party     who served as senator from Ohio and as the first Secretary of the Interior. Sherman was distantly related to American founding father Roger Sherman and    grew to admire him.[3]
GENERAL. SHERMAN. 316::Sherman was born in 1820 in Lancaster, Ohio, near the shores of the Hocking River. His father Charles Robert Sherman, a successful lawyer who sat on    the Ohio Supreme Court, died unexpectedly in 1829. He left his widow, Mary Hoyt Sherman, with eleven children and no inheritance. After his father's     death, the nine-year-old Sherman was raised by a Lancaster neighbor and family friend, attorney Thomas Ewing, a prominent member of the Whig Party     who served as senator from Ohio and as the first Secretary of the Interior. Sherman was distantly related to American founding father Roger Sherman and    grew to admire him.[3]
GENERAL. SHERMAN. 316::Sherman was born in 1820 in Lancaster, Ohio, near the shores of the Hocking River. His father Charles Robert Sherman, a successful lawyer who sat on    the Ohio Supreme Court, died unexpectedly in 1829. He left his widow, Mary Hoyt Sherman, with eleven children and no inheritance. After his father's     death, the nine-year-old Sherman was raised by a Lancaster neighbor and family friend, attorney Thomas Ewing, a prominent member of the Whig Party     who served as senator from Ohio and as the first Secretary of the Interior. Sherman was distantly related to American founding father Roger Sherman and    grew to admire him.[3]
GENERAL. SHERMAN. 316::Sherman was born in 1820 in Lancaster, Ohio, near the shores of the Hocking River. His father Charles Robert Sherman, a successful lawyer who sat on    the Ohio Supreme Court, died unexpectedly in 1829. He left his widow, Mary Hoyt Sherman, with eleven children and no inheritance. After his father's     death, the nine-year-old Sherman was raised by a Lancaster neighbor and family friend, attorney Thomas Ewing, a prominent member of the Whig Party     who served as senator from Ohio and as the first Secretary of the Interior. Sherman was distantly related to American founding father Roger Sherman and    grew to admire him.[3]
GENERAL. SHERMAN. 316::Sherman was born in 1820 in Lancaster, Ohio, near the shores of the Hocking River. His father Charles Robert Sherman, a successful lawyer who sat on    the Ohio Supreme Court, died unexpectedly in 1829. He left his widow, Mary Hoyt Sherman, with eleven children and no inheritance. After his father's     death, the nine-year-old Sherman was raised by a Lancaster neighbor and family friend, attorney Thomas Ewing, a prominent member of the Whig Party     who served as senator from Ohio and as the first Secretary of the Interior. Sherman was distantly related to American founding father Roger Sherman and    grew to admire him.[3]
GENERAL. SHERMAN. 316::Sherman was born in 1820 in Lancaster, Ohio, near the shores of the Hocking River. His father Charles Robert Sherman, a successful lawyer who sat on    the Ohio Supreme Court, died unexpectedly in 1829. He left his widow, Mary Hoyt Sherman, with eleven children and no inheritance. After his father's     death, the nine-year-old Sherman was raised by a Lancaster neighbor and family friend, attorney Thomas Ewing, a prominent member of the Whig Party     who served as senator from Ohio and as the first Secretary of the Interior. Sherman was distantly related to American founding father Roger Sherman and    grew to admire him.[3]
GENERAL. SHERMAN. 316::Sherman was born in 1820 in Lancaster, Ohio, near the shores of the Hocking River. His father Charles Robert Sherman, a successful lawyer who sat on    the Ohio Supreme Court, died unexpectedly in 1829. He left his widow, Mary Hoyt Sherman, with eleven children and no inheritance. After his father's     death, the nine-year-old Sherman was raised by a Lancaster neighbor and family friend, attorney Thomas Ewing, a prominent member of the Whig Party     who served as senator from Ohio and as the first Secretary of the Interior. Sherman was distantly related to American founding father Roger Sherman and    grew to admire him.[3]
esstea23::I didn't know Lil Wayne played for the Hornets.......
GENERAL. SHERMAN. 316::Sherman was born in 1820 in Lancaster, Ohio, near the shores of the Hocking River. His father Charles Robert Sherman, a successful lawyer who sat on    the Ohio Supreme Court, died unexpectedly in 1829. He left his widow, Mary Hoyt Sherman, with eleven children and no inheritance. After his father's     death, the nine-year-old Sherman was raised by a Lancaster neighbor and family friend, attorney Thomas Ewing, a prominent member of the Whig Party     who served as senator from Ohio and as the first Secretary of the Interior. Sherman was distantly related to American founding father Roger Sherman and    grew to admire him.[3]
GENERAL. SHERMAN. 316::Sherman was born in 1820 in Lancaster, Ohio, near the shores of the Hocking River. His father Charles Robert Sherman, a successful lawyer who sat on    the Ohio Supreme Court, died unexpectedly in 1829. He left his widow, Mary Hoyt Sherman, with eleven children and no inheritance. After his father's     death, the nine-year-old Sherman was raised by a Lancaster neighbor and family friend, attorney Thomas Ewing, a prominent member of the Whig Party     who served as senator from Ohio and as the first Secretary of the Interior. Sherman was distantly related to American founding father Roger Sherman and    grew to admire him.[3]
GENERAL. SHERMAN. 316::Sherman was born in 1820 in Lancaster, Ohio, near the shores of the Hocking River. His father Charles Robert Sherman, a successful lawyer who sat on    the Ohio Supreme Court, died unexpectedly in 1829. He left his widow, Mary Hoyt Sherman, with eleven children and no inheritance. After his father's     death, the nine-year-old Sherman was raised by a Lancaster neighbor and family friend, attorney Thomas Ewing, a prominent member of the Whig Party     who served as senator from Ohio and as the first Secretary of the Interior. Sherman was distantly related to American founding father Roger Sherman and    grew to admire him.[3]
GENERAL. SHERMAN. 316::Sherman was born in 1820 in Lancaster, Ohio, near the shores of the Hocking River. His father Charles Robert Sherman, a successful lawyer who sat on    the Ohio Supreme Court, died unexpectedly in 1829. He left his widow, Mary Hoyt Sherman, with eleven children and no inheritance. After his father's     death, the nine-year-old Sherman was raised by a Lancaster neighbor and family friend, attorney Thomas Ewing, a prominent member of the Whig Party     who served as senator from Ohio and as the first Secretary of the Interior. Sherman was distantly related to American founding father Roger Sherman and    grew to admire him.[3]
GENERAL. SHERMAN. 316::Sherman was born in 1820 in Lancaster, Ohio, near the shores of the Hocking River. His father Charles Robert Sherman, a successful lawyer who sat on    the Ohio Supreme Court, died unexpectedly in 1829. He left his widow, Mary Hoyt Sherman, with eleven children and no inheritance. After his father's     death, the nine-year-old Sherman was raised by a Lancaster neighbor and family friend, attorney Thomas Ewing, a prominent member of the Whig Party     who served as senator from Ohio and as the first Secretary of the Interior. Sherman was distantly related to American founding father Roger Sherman and    grew to admire him.[3]
GENERAL. SHERMAN. 316::Sherman was born in 1820 in Lancaster, Ohio, near the shores of the Hocking River. His father Charles Robert Sherman, a successful lawyer who sat on    the Ohio Supreme Court, died unexpectedly in 1829. He left his widow, Mary Hoyt Sherman, with eleven children and no inheritance. After his father's     death, the nine-year-old Sherman was raised by a Lancaster neighbor and family friend, attorney Thomas Ewing, a prominent member of the Whig Party     who served as senator from Ohio and as the first Secretary of the Interior. Sherman was distantly related to American founding father Roger Sherman and    grew to admire him.[3]
