Tray Day::Hawks 89 Heat 45
Jody George Prats::comedian in the house
Nelson Guillen::Lebron: I don't always have a bad shooting night.. but when I do, I shoot a higher percentage than Durant or any game Derrick Rose has played all season. Stay thirsty my friends.
Eric Brown::Sounds like outside of Bron and the Heat, the NBA is total garbage. But that's to be expected. It's the NBA. Only one team or two max can prosper over a 5 year period.
Nelson Guillen::The East looking suspect right now.
Eric Brown::Nelson Guillen It ALWAYS looks suspect... outside of LeBron's Heat, the East has been suspect since 2005 outside of the 2006 Heat. I don't count the '08 Celtics because the Lakers choked that one away.
Kermit L. Shockley Jr.::What possess people whom never met each other, don't know each other, nor will ever meet each other to talk reckless to one another? That is ridiculous, come on man, Atlanta is going to lose, but is there no way to respectfully display your opinion without internet beef? The problem is, there is no accountability to people anymore. If you had to see each other at work tomorrow, would you be saying what you said to one another? That is petty homie!
Cameron Drake::Funsucker
Al-Jaleel Sawab::LeBron basically took the night off offensively
Julie Price::So did Atlanta.
Nelson Guillen::Julie Price Heyoh!! Doo-doo-che
Chris Mccathern::None of the heat fans on here are from Miami.
Aaron Velazquez::I'm a Hawks fan from CT
Nelson Guillen::Aaron Velazquez Wrong
Aaron Velazquez::I think as long as you have one team and you stick with them through thick and thin you're a true fan
Alan Ogg::lmao. unemployed hawks fans come in here a week before the game to talk smack. but during and after the game they will be GHOST.
Chris Mccathern::Heat don't even have real fans. Half of them never been to Miami. Remember the playoff game when all the "Heat fans" left cause they thought they were done then tried to come back in. LOL
Alan Ogg::Chris Mccathern um, 500 fans doesn't reflect the entire fanbase. nice try bozo. how about when the celtics fans left with 6 minutes left in the 3rd quarter? or the boston bruin fans that left when the blackhawks won the stanley cup
Chris Mccathern::Alan Ogg 500 fans? The whole arena left
Chris Mccathern::Hawks got this. Half of you on here never been to Miami or have any connection. Bum a s s bandwagon fans
Jody George Prats::want some tissue now or later?
Chris Mccathern::Jody George Prats nigga you ain't from Miami..
Jody George Prats::No college for you I presume?
Chris Mccathern::Hawks got this.........
Alan Ogg::in the L category?
Jody George Prats::The Hawks last won a title when?...........Falcons when?
Jody George Prats::Atlanta is a crack den and nothing more.
Cameron Drake::You're right. Teach me how to jump on a bandwagon!
Reeves Cox::Let's go HAWKS! Beat the Heat! Should be a great game! I'm looking forward to it!
Brandon Tigues::why is roger mason jr still on this roster? cut this guy and resign justin hamilton
Marvin Davis::I dunno about that.......he's a pretty good baller
Brandon Tigues::Marvin Davis  he was but not anymore and besides justin hamilton is what we need a 7 foot center
Clarence Merchant::hawks will lose to night to the greatest player of all time; LeBron
Reeves Cox::Wut? I'm sorry, but Michael Jordan isn't playing tonight. You should really check out your auto-correct.
Clarence Merchant::Reeves Cox Tomato or Tomatoe...Lebron Will get more rings
Reeves Cox::Clarence Merchant Tomato. And Lebron James won't get more rings. I have no problems with James, but he's not better than Michael. So please, don't call me a James hater. I think LeBron is better than Kobe right now. And that he will pass him in the future as well, but not Michael. He may never get passed as the greatest of all time.
Andrew Lipham::LETS GO HAWKS!!!  schroeder gonna shred the heat D.
Nelson Guillen::He shredded that 1 free throw, I guess that's something.
Andrew Lipham::Nelson Guillen lol.
Taylor Manes::As a bulls fan Im praying the heat lose..We are 3 games back..We need yall help..
Alexandro Colorado::You sound like a Brooklyn Nets fan, they only show up for the heat. Dont care about anyone else, and get beat up by sub-500 teams. You barely survived the Bobcats last night.
Alexandro Colorado::Should be more concern about not getting pounded by the Clippers and the Blazers. Heat on the other hand wont break a sweat against Orlando, Pistons and Toronto.
Anthony Davis::the bulls are only .5 games back, not 3
Julio Cervantes::mami heat bitchs
Eric Brown::To be honest, I hope Andrew Wiggins and every other "young star" turns out to be a bust going forward... the NBA should consider closing down after LeBron retires, which he probably will from the Heat in 8-10 years. There will be no point to the NBA after it. Start a new league. Too many terrible coaches, players, contracts, and franchises right now. NBA is trash outside of Miami and will be for a long time.
Taylor Manes::You Like Lebron too much? Are You gay? Because its ok to love a team but you sound obsessed and dumb, I bet youre one of those people who plays lebron on a nba 2k 14 team all the time, chooses the heat all the time,knows Lebron age,how many children he got, and everything...One of those people who barely know basketball Andrew Wiggens has potential to be better than Lebron and you know it..Youre afraid that someone is going to dethrone the heat,Be afraid Be very AFRAID>
Eric Brown::Taylor Manes I'm not a Heat fan. Never have been, never will. You sound ignorant. You sound like one of those people who don't know what to do besides talk trash all day. Go one day without trying to insult somebody... probably cry from the frustration. It's okay. We all can't be articulate.
Jeff Crowe::Same thing was said about Jordan.  I remember when he retired everyone thought the NBA should retire with him.  A superstar will come along to replace Lebron, may not be as great, may not be in this graduating class, but someone will come along to put the NBA on their shoulders and carry it along.
Charles Cherry::Y'all really think lebron is going to lose at home after just winning on the road by 16? Miami are going to H.A.M.....
Charles Cherry::Go***
Justin Porter::Nice game by Norris Cole
Allen Greene::I hope The Heat don't come out sluggish. Take it seriously from the start of the game and Wade and Bosh got to play better then they did against Charlotte.
Marvin Davis::If spo takes ud out there gonna be fine. Leave him in ....slow start.
Brendan Smith::is it in teague 's contract to get beat on the defensive end every possession?
Jody George Prats::Hawks don't rebound or play defense.   Heat 109  Hawks 96
Stephen Black::Hawks would have won with Millsap.
Justin Porter::LETS GO HEAT! TIME TO BAKE SOME CHICKEN WINGS!!
Karla Elden::Kaboom Rios.
Chelo Mejias::Go Atlanta!
