lbirdie123::Is Davis a BUST???  How can the number one pick in the draft get  ONE  point in 17 minutes???  He has been hurt a lot, but when he has played he has not been a number one type player.
CGraceIII::Relax, he's 19 years old.
Bynums_Knees::I'm a bulls fan but I do like the pelicans and pistions.I see you in the playoffs in 1 to 2 years
fhsdawgs377::people still talk $@%! about the hornets, you obviously know nothing about up and coming teams if your still trolling, hornets are going nowhere but up from here, and they'll get another pretty good pick this year which is just gonna add to their young team, wait until rivers and davis get used to the NBA, hornets aka pelicans are gonna be dangerous
I TAKE TURDS BIGGER THAN YOU::Piston fan here, true story. People think that if you don't have LeBron or Durant on your team that you will suck forever. But when you get good draft picks and good free agency and a good record, people hop on the bandwagon.
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::Calderon has been pretty solid of late, but of course a bottom feeder Western Conference team is gonna handle a wack EC team.
I TAKE TURDS BIGGER THAN YOU::Are you serious? The Pistons have the better record and more talent when healthy.. what have the Denver Nuggets done so far? No wonder Melo left that dump of a city
Tim.Dwight::Denver is pretty bad, I'm surprised the Nuggets never left.
DoctorHook66::Bottom feeding. Yum.
Mav8165::Why dont big teams trade for Ryan Anderson ? It is very essential when we need to end with 3pts
dugdaspit::why would the Hornets trade him?
mattcowboys77::HARLEM SHAKE NOW!
MSU for the win::Below 50% capacity today? I wonder why they didn't show up today
michrules97::There is no excuse for this but the Pistons seem to do this crap quite often!  Beat a couple of teams that they should not beat, and then when they have a game they should win, they get blown out by 20 at home.  This team is really annoying, and I have no idea because of it if there is any hope for this team going forward!  Who are the real Pistons?  The team from the last 2 games, or the team from this game?
Devinhuelsmann::29*
DoctorHook66::Perennial bottom feeding. These teams.  Nice.
dugdaspit::?? what are you talking about? The Hornets were in the playoffs less than two years ago. Granted, they haven't been very good the past 18 MONTHS...after trading away CP3 and starting the rebuilding process. But they are already turning things around with a young roster that looks stronger every game.
I TAKE TURDS BIGGER THAN YOU::Lmao I know, this kid is just mad his beloved Sonics left the horrible dump called Seattle and is going to be stuck with the Kings franchise.. we all know all well run the Kings have been
Philip3664::LOL at you taking the Heat off your favs list. too late i saw it
Philip3664::Gotta love the losers who come to troll the lesser teams in the league just to make themselves feel good. By the way you're a bandwagoner
DoctorHook66::In a perfect world, both of these teams would be disenfranchised and the meager talent they possess would be dispersed to . . . The Sonics!
Tim.Dwight::Seattle is a garbage sports town, that is why the Sonics left there.
YouStillHere::When Amin plays like this, with hustle and fire, NOLA can beat anyone.
DoctorHook66::Epic Clash of the Titans!  LMFAO!
DoctorHook66::SONICS fan. Long time coming.
I TAKE TURDS BIGGER THAN YOU::What's your point? The team relocated and the possible team to move there (the Kings) are worse than the Pistons and Pelicans.
I TAKE TURDS BIGGER THAN YOU::You're a Kings fan? + you bandwagon the best team in the league?
bighog129::Monty Williams might be the 2nd worst coach in the NBA for Anthony Davis' development, beating out only the mastermind that is Keith Dumb. Every time Davis struggles the slightest bit, Monty benches him...I get that he wants to get Ryan Anderson minutes, but Robin Lopez isn't the face of the franchise, and the fact that Jason Smith takes minutes from Davis is a joke. He's killing his confidence. I can't believe thus isn't being talked about more.
madnessUNC::he was 0-7 shooting last night. why keep playing someone when they're not shooting well. anderson was on fire and plus monty is trying to develop a strong bench. believe me, davis minutes will start to rise. i think the team doesn't want to take any risk in causing a tweaked ankle into a major problem. you have to look at the future.
bighog129::Fair enough, I'll admit im no diehard Pelicans fan, although I love the new name, mainly cause Anthony Davis reminds me of a Pelican. And I know his ankle is certainly a concern, but he was playing big minutes in December.
mojart::we recognized it as well....coach said he hit the rookie wall....
Philip3664::SA offered Dajuan Blair to the Pistons and nothing?
Hi There_::What do you think they want? A future 1st? This year's 2nd round pick around #37-#41? Joe must really have his eyes on someone in the draft. Like last year, he was going to take Middleton no matter what. And was going to trade the other 2nd round pick until he saw English was available. I just wonder who he wants with the 1st rounder: Smart? Burke? Porter? Austin?
Philip3664::Yeah i wouldnt mind having these guys either. I guess my preference would be Calderon and Martin. Thats a decent backcourt right there.
Hi There_::I'm worried that who we draft will dictate who we persue in free agency since the draft comes first (and Joe targets the wrong person). In general, some names I wouldnt be upset if they became a piston next season on decent contracts: redick, martin, millsap, calderon.
Philip3664::I would say a 2nd round pick maybe. As far as the 1st round pick its a tough call since there isnt alot of sexy names. If it were me i would take Burke or Oladipo. That dude is pretty good
ozob37::A lineup next year featuring Drummond, Monroe, Calderon seems promising.
denn19641::Monroe is 17 and 13, the only thing that matters. Stuckey is making a case to get bac k on the starting line-up.
bighog129::This is the same guy that thinks Brandon Knight is gonna be a superstar. Try more like Rodney Stuckey 2.0....terrible for balk movement on offense, shoots sub-40% 3 outta 5 years, and plays little to no defense.
denn19641::bighog129 - This is the same guy that thinks Brandon Knight is gonna be a superstar. Try more like Rodney Stuckey 2.0....terrible for balk movement on offense, shoots sub-40% 3 outta 5 years, and plays little to no defense.  unfortunately that wasn't me.
I TAKE TURDS BIGGER THAN YOU::You really are a stupid fan. How is 4-12 and bricking layups and jumpshots everytime you gain possession of the ball "making a case to get back into the starting lineup"? The only thing that should matter is winning games, not one person's stats.
denn19641::I TAKE TURDS BIGGER THAN YOU - You really are a stupid fan. How is 4-12 and bricking layups and jumpshots everytime you gain possession of the ball "making a case to get back into the starting lineup"? The only thing that should matter is winning games, not one person's stats.  Your pathetic innocent scumbag. Winning is not in the Pistons vocabulary. Yes he is 4-12 but did you consider that he went to the line 13 times. If you can't get those touches then better yet drive to the lane and fish.
TheJTram::Next time: Dont get shtted on in the paint AND the perimeter lol
detroit dave93::"Are you kidding me", That was "PATHETIC"
mojart::ryno is just 24......i would love a dirk ceiling for him in his prime
madnessUNC::the rivers choice was something I didn't like either, but apparently they saw something. hes starting to play a lot better and adjusting to the nba and playing defense. its just taking a while for him to develop.
Hi There_::hornets have him locked in for over 3 more years on that great contract. im jealous...
Hi There_::Oh, that's for sure, I'm not some blind homer. I wasn't one complaining about the refs. We just sucked tonight. Yet beat the best team in basketball over the weekend. Go figure.
mojart::yup....peace bro....arguments and debate are sometimes good in sports...but at the end of the day hornets still win and defeat your team....:)
Hi There_::Dude, that was so much fun. Your a cool guy. I love to debate, it's just sports, it's supposed to be fun... :-) By the way I actually really like the new Pels name. I found a hat online for 25 bones, I might buy it lol
mojart::ok.....you won....:)
Hi There_::Read what post? You expressing an opinion masquerading as fact? It's okay to concede defeat.
mojart::read my post
Hi There_::Why don't you explain to me why the Pistons in your opinion will be in the cellar for the next 3-5 years. That is your claim, back it up if you believe in it so...
Hi There_::Back for more? Have you even won one point in this debate you started with me for no reason?
mojart::dude that is so 5 years ago.....we are talking how good ur GM works today....yeah ur jelly we signed ryno in that great contract and that is how good a GM works....how abt ur GM?u bring up the 2004 to 2009 run and that is history
Hi There_::Pistons were in the cellar the past 3-5 years according to you right? 5 years ago we were on our way to the ECF. 4 years ago in the playoffs. Last 3 years we had the 7th, 8th, then 9th worst records. No cellar here.
mojart::well with the way your roster being assembled.......there's no need....
Hi There_::You can see into the future? Cool beans Kreskin.
mojart::well after that?enjoy being in the cellar for another 3 to 5 years
Hi There_::"That's how a good GM works..."
Hi There_::Dumars won a championship the year he drafted Darko, he did something right.
mojart::well at least rivers shows lot of promise and potential....how about when you draft DARKO?
GeauxSaints53::rivers playin better dude.
Hi There_::is that the same GM that drafted Rivers 10th?
mojart::that's how a good GM works....
Philip3664::He's only 24? Thought he was like 26-27-ish
Philip3664::He's this good at 24 scary to think what he will be like later down the road
mojart::nope just 24.....;)
mattcowboys77::see you guys next game.
jagrmiester777::Greivis Vasquez most underrated pg?
jagrmiester777::yea at Maryland he was always flirting with the drip doub
AWG313::probably so....getting 14 and 9 assists at 6 fot 6...I'll take it
jagrmiester777::and almost 5rebs
Emperor00::Definitely most improved player in the league this year. He looked like a star in that triple double game.
Philip3664::Wouldnt it be nice if we could get the production Anderson gives the Hornets from Charlie V?
TheJTram::Anderson actually has a post game and grabs alot of offensive boards for a perimeter shooter. Charlie V....eh...
DETsports84::Utah is looking for a replacement at PG until Mo Williams comes back.  Hopefully we can trade Stuckey for Milsap.
DETsports84::The contracts match up.
AWG313::we wish
Ryan8791::That would give me a chub the size of Texas if we could rid ourselves of that Stuckey situation.
TheJTram::Lemme restate that....we're getting MURDERED by Anderson
Philip3664::He gets slept on big time
Emperor00::Don't worry, lots of people do. He's one of the most underrated players in the league.
TheJTram::Thanks for the info lol
Hi There_::31 points
bamberg1977::Pistons did get their worst calls of the season for the first 29 mins of this game though. It reached suspend able level for the refs. At home had 6 baskets called off on bad calls and New Orleans got 2 that should have been called off. If these refs grade out well, the NBA does not grade refs.
NolaJag::The pistons were soundly beat. And they still called more fouls on the hornets.  the outcome was not decided by the refs
Philip3664::This dude Anderson.....
..LEBRON OWNS ALL..::Rivers is garbage.
Phil954::At least he's finally shooting better. I was tired of 1-5 and 0-4 box scores. Now he's making 2-4 shots a game. A LOT less than what I'd want from a #10 pick but at least he's finally helping somewhat.
GeauxSaints53::rivers looks better every game, albeit extremely slowly. he's gettin there.
Emperor00::Really bad... But luckily for the Hornets, he and Davis are both really young. They still have time to figure it out.
MoBa99::Greg was 74% FT shooter last year
winnumber101::And without the best player
Ryan8791::Pistons fans... do you try to resign Calderon and move Knight or leave Knight at the 2 or bring him off the bench? Or anything else I didn't mention.
ozob37::If Calderon plays well, yes, we try to resign him to be the play maker for the emerging lineup. We've been looking for a genuine point guard for ages... I forgot how old he is though? Is he past 30 yet?  Ah, looks like he is 31. I'd think he be worth signing to a three to four year deal.
mattcowboys77::yay greg monroe double-double
winnumber101::Beasting and feasting!
bk1286::Late to the post, but, is Anthony Davis injured? 1 point?
CGraceIII::Tim Duncan was 22 years old, Davis is 19.
GeauxSaints53::good D, but bad O game for Davis tonight. looked like he was lifting too much before the game haha.
Emperor00::Tim Duncan is also probably the best PF to play the game. Maybe Malone. But still. Not sure anyone is saying Anthony Davis is better than Tim Duncan right now. He's only 19.
bk1286::tim duncan never had nights like these...just saying.
dugdaspit::Tim Duncan still had 3 more years of college to go at this point...
NolaJag::Tim Duncan also averaged 39 minutes his rookie year
TheJTram::He has 4 blocks though
mattcowboys77::nope playing bad
TheJTram::Not sure if keeping Knight at the 2 spot is really a good idea. Yes, he can shoot but he's not consistent and he doesnt have Stuckey's body strength to finish in the paint
mattcowboys77::37% from the field good shooting
Davoin Shower-Handel::The Pistons have been playing some good basketball as of late.
bamberg1977::2 games?
Ryan8791::Sequester Grundelplith M.D ADAMS STATE
mattcowboys77::had*
Marna3981::he's good at free throws
Ryan8791::Pistons fans... thoughts on Calderon so far?
AWG313::he'll keep the TO's down...gotta be a plus
Hi There_::He makes the game fun to watch...
TheJTram::Thank you Raptors for Jose...He's been a HUGE help
ryan loris::beast
Brent-Blair::Like how he plays the game.
Philip3664::Brandon has been losing the ball all night when he goes into the paint
TheJTram::How the hell did Singler make that lol
jagrmiester777::I will be pissed if Davis wins rookie of the year....ESPN just hypes him soooo much
jagrmiester777::no....I'm saying I HATE HIM....I don't want him to ever be good....just like when he got shutdown in the NCAAB championship game against withey..espn just loves UK and DUKE...
jagrmiester777::hes deff not bad...but if he beats out lillard I will be mad...i'd even take waiters over Davis....Davis has numbers tho just because he is a center...that's why hes shooting over 500% and rebounds and blocks are just giving for a center
jagrmiester777::PF, C same thing in this league they just get dunks and putbacks...most centers in the nba these days are all his height now anyway
Emperor00::He's a PF not a center. His shooting percentage is impressive. He has a very nice mid range shot.
mojart::kid is 19.......be patient
Emperor00::He's really f*cking good for being 19
Philip3664::Lazy getting back, thats what happens
TheJTram::Nice bounce pass Jose
girgisnassif::why has anthony davis only played 17 min...whats the point of picking him first if he is not going to play?
Emperor00::They're winning by double digits and Ryan Anderson is going HAM. Give him some rest.
jagrmiester777::because hes 0-7? haha
JamesScrewedUp::also on a cold streak
Marna3981::85% of every person you see is STUFRICKINPID.  that's why
Ryan8791::Even though he's hurt we have been asking the same thing about Drummond.
Hi There_::it's like a parallel universe...
Emperor00::Ryan Anderson is better than you at basketball. Accept it.
TheJTram::Damn we're letting Ryan Anderson aka a face up shooter kill us in the paint
Philip3664::I think Slava could have helped on the boards tonight
Brent-Blair::Really hope they put him in the game soon. I went to the game against the Nets and Slave looked surprisingly comfortable in the post.
Marna3981::I like cheese
mattcowboys77::i like the uniforms
