RuralAmericaRules::Don't cry Charlotte, at least you can watch SCAM Newton in just over four months.
CandySparker::Consecutive Nineteenth Nervous Breakdown
mannycards::Maybe the bobcats will get davis and mkg. Add them with kemba they could be good.
tbest23::Grizzlies will be a tough out now that the fatman has returned...
YanksWS96::Poor Bobcats
RuralAmericaRules::Charlotte should sign James Lafferty (Nathan Scott from One Tree Hill). He can't be any worse than anyone currently playing for the Fighting Jordans.
mannycards::Haha every time I see the bobcats I think of one tree hill. RIP tree hill.
sduke1986::The Bobcats have some good young talent and will build around that, just give them some time.  The sad thing is that you actually watch One Tree Hill.
RuralAmericaRules::The Bobcats will stink as long as Jordan owns this wretched bunch.
darkyam::Poll question:  Was Jordan more dominant as a player or more awful as an owner?
milw-jay::Are we sure that Kentucky couldnt beat this Bobcats  "team"  ?
sduke1986::Kemba Doesn't do a thing?  He is averaging over 12 ppg, better than most rookies in the league.
tbest23::They're pretty bad but remember Kemba was all world, all college everything last year and doesn't do a thing now...
cr8zzyboy::HELLLLLLLOOOOOO ISSSS ANNNNYBODDDYYY HERREEEEEE. BOBCATS SUCKKK BBALLSSS DIIIICKKKKK FUUUUCCCCKKK SHIIIITTTT EAATTTT AAAA DIICCCKKKKKK
knight_rider_2002::Go Bluff City Bears
Fee.Forbin::Charlotte fans...please stand up.
sduke1986::I support the team because I am from North Carolina and was always a Charlotte Hornets fan growing up.  I have always loved going to the games and pulling for the team no mater what the record is.  I am no fair weather fan who pulls for whatever team is winning that week like a lot of people on this site. This is those players livelihood, do you not think Gerald Henderson or Kemba Walker take that serious?  We have had tons of Injuries compared to the past awful teams in the NBA.  the 1973 76ers were in the title game 4 years after their awful year. The Mavericks have had some horrible years, but look at them now.  I would say whats more embarrassing, is people throwing their team under the bus for a bad year. If you can't support your team just as strongly through the bad times as the good times, then We don't need you anyway.  I am a Duke fan and so I am use to winning, but i'm not gonna stop pulling for my team if they lost a lot, if anything your team would need you more during the bad times.
folgersnyourcup::Why support them when ownership doesn't care?
sduke1986::I'll stand up, I'm not some fair weather fan who only comes out of the woodwork when my team is winning.  They have my support at all times!!! GO BOBCATS!!
darkyam::I can respect that...and pity that at the same time.
BostonFan0702::*crickets*
ViolentBuffalo::I didn't know Bobcats were an NBA team. I thought it was a D-League team.
sduke1986::Why?  Look at history and all of the really bad teams that have come back with in a matter of years to do well.  The 1973 76ers were in the title game within 4 years.  The Nuggets have been a playoff regular for a while.  Look at the Miami heat a few years ago and look at them now.  The Mavericks have been bad but look at them now.  The point is, sometimes being a good fan takes patience, but it's worth it when your team wins.  If you need more proof of this fact, just ask any real Red Sox fan.  What is embarrassing, is the fans throwing the team under the bus.  I am not embarrassed because I watch guys like Gerald,Kemba and Corey (when he's healthy) put it on the line when they go out there.  I think it is sad that they don''t get more support.
The Uniduke::Why would you rather be a fan then? The only thing is you will enjoy the better times more because you went through the tough ones. But most people have better things to do than support an embarrassment to the league. Put your time to better use. I can't imagine your entertainment value is too high. Fair weather fans are still fans, they just do other things with their lives when their team is $@%!$@.
darkyam::Fair weather fans are not true fans.  They just want to be behind a winner so they can feel like winners vicariously.  A true fan is loyal through all the crap times.  That said, I'll admit that if my team was as bad as Charlotte, I'd have to at least consider finding a second team to root for.
sduke1986::Would you waste your time commenting on a D-League team? If you have nothing nice to say, why even comment at all?  All Teams have struggles, otherwise sports would be boring. I would rather be a die hard Bobcat fan through all the tough times, than a bandwagon heat fan who is only there because Lebron is on the team.
iSeeTheHateInYoEyes::These Bobcats are as terrible as the '96 Bulls were good.
tennesseejam80::The Bulls weren't that good lol
IbeETHAN::Are the Bobcats even trying anymore? Please David Stern, punish Jordan for being a terrible owner by rigging the ping-pong balls again to where Charlotte DOESN'T get the top pick...
folgersnyourcup::I live in Charlotte and hope we don't get the top pick.
Hawk Heaven::75% chance they don't get it.
Phylidia Featherbottom::I said, "no way", when the question was raised on if Kentucky could beat Charlotte....now, I do think Kentucky could.....the women's team
ChampionshipsIsTheGoal::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKLAzyWiC4
SouthMedTex::You know a team play dumpster ball when they only beat the Bobcats by 5
Fee.Forbin::Sounds like the Heat are doing just fine.
royboy1978::Cavs beat the Knicks.
1grizzfan66::Sometimes the worst teams beat the best teams
jcr54321::Wizards have beaten the Thunder and Bulls.
Ryan Matthews you da man::bobcats beat magic
SouthMedTex::when
PadresChargersClippers::Good luck to the Grizzlies, if you guys beat the clippers Ill most likely be rooting for you guys (:
borak85::What's the record for most consecutive losses?
Jakobe 68::PAAHAHAHAHA
pride4jc1222::Actually, 26 by the Cavs last season.
infamous122::24 by the cavs
ThaGCode5::do you think Marc Gasol will play limited minutes the rest of the regular season?
jtric19632004::when your leading scorer comes from Duke(henderson) than you are definitely a loser in the NBA.
sduke1986::iSeeTheHateInYoEyes, next time use stats or facts to back up the trash talk.  If our NBA players are pure garbage, what does that make the current UNC NBA players?  Duke had an All star in the league this year, did UNC?  Stop living in the past, Duke has many good current NBA players.
sduke1986::You are a clown with no knowledge of the game of basketball, and are living in the past.  The argument about Dukies in the NBA isn't valid anymore.  Duke has 9 players currently averaging double figures in the league. UNC has 4......Move along lil hater.
iSeeTheHateInYoEyes::All which are pure garbage.
otownmagic4life::Grizz winning the west
PadresChargersClippers::Grizzlies are pretty scary huhh?
1grizzfan66::I don't like em talking us up. We'll have to prove it on the court. BTW. Number 4 plays number 5. It's going to b fun to watch! Go Grizzlies!
marcus-s2981::The suns are a bit better than the bobcats, dont you think?
tigersfangoldandblue::We didn't lose to the Bobcats, and if you want to play this game ... yall have lost to Cleveland, Golden State twice, Minnesota twice and New Orleans. And doesn't it matter, no because sometimes good teams have bad games. Like what happened with the Grizzlies tonight. I love that you think you were trying to make a point.
balltillifall_88::dont worry. youll get to find out in the playoffs :)  by the way, the clippers lost to the suns last night...
PadresChargersClippers::They're a good team but when analysts and sports "experts" latch on to a team, they never let go. Every single time they talk about the western playoffs they say "ohhhh, no one wants to play the grizzlies!" Im more concerned with the top 4 teams.
1grizzfan66::Not just scary. But dangerous!
PadresChargersClippers::Well when everyone is hyping them up to be the scariest team in the playoffs........
Kee0130::Scary game for the Grizzlies, but they did what the do best. Grind it out in any situation! Go Grizz!
ChampionshipsIsTheGoal::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKLAzyWiC4
Steveforprez04::We have a draft-day trade.  The Bobcats trade the #1 pick in the draft for Kwame Brown
1grizzfan66::Portland's next!
1grizzfan66::I agree Our bench turned it around for us tonight
balltillifall_88::and thats the thing about the grizz. rudy gay has like 9 points tonight, and gerald on the bobcats had nearly 40, and we still got the win. we have different people step up every night. and dante has been HUGE for us.
balltillifall_88::i just hope the grizzlies come ready for that one. we should be putting these games away soon and resting guys. not having to fight for a win in the fourth quarter.
balltillifall_88::i kinda seen this coming tonight. the grizz seem like they are just waiting for the playoffs.  but i see the stupid excuses for nba fans are on here again tonight. all with their 1 game makes a team thing. when the grizzlies beat the heat, lakers, thunder, mavs, and clippers all within 3 weeks they arent on here saying they are the best team in the nba. but when they have poor games against the hornets and bobcats they "suck" and wont win a game in the playoffs. if you all are going to COMPLETELY judge a team based on ONE game (usually by halftime) then please go both ways. thanks idiots.
Hawk Heaven::Durant and Westbrook won only 43 games combined their first 2 years.
b34ntown4life::What? They won 50 games their second season together. Silly.
b34ntown4life::Okay? That was Durants breakout season. Drafting Hames Harden the year before doesn't hurt either. At the end of the day, basketball is a TEAM sport. They didn't have a good team until '09-'10. Lastly, let's not forget they play in the Western Conference. They could've won atleast 40-44 the year before.
Hawk Heaven::Ok but it took Durant 3 seasons to have that kind of record Westborok 2.
emthomasjr::Phew!!  It was a win, but that's all it was.  And the Grizzlies featured All Star player for a night tonight?  Gerald Henderson!
utclindsay::Grizz..c'mon take your game against the trailblazers seriously. This is not the time to be struggling.
badcooky81::That's always relevant, no matter the forum.
royboy1978::Wrong thread.
utclindsay::Well,at least the Grizz win even though it wasn't pretty.
CPanthersNumba1::Everyone talking about how bad the Bobcats are, are probably the same guys that said OKC Thunder were the worst team ever during their rebuilding year. Now look at them. Gonna win the NBA Championship
b34ntown4life::I get what you're saying, but the Thunder and grizzlies had young cores of great talent. Charlotte? Not so much. And no offense, I doubt many players picture Charlotte as an ideal destination to play. Hell, we have trouble here in Boston and look at all the success we've had the last 5 years!
CPanthersNumba1::Cho was the one that rebuilt the Thunder, you know the guy that is trying to rebuild the Bobcats right now?  The Bobcats will turn it around. They had a good team back when Wallace and Jax were here, they just decided to start from scratch to try and build a championship team.  But of course, you wouldn't understand that.
JustStopBaby::There is nothing "rebuilding" about this team. You have a horrible squad, a lameduck coach and an absentee owner that doesn't know what he's doing. I'm sorry for your loss, but your team and those around it sucks.
springfresh33::Bobcats sucked since they were created how many years ago??
CPanthersNumba1::springfresh33 - Bobcats sucked since they were created how many years ago??  They haven't even had the number one pick before, so I don't know what you mean by sucked since they were created...
springfresh33::Thunder sucked for 1 year and improved by the 2nd and 3rd and 4th were in the playoffs
CPanthersNumba1::What's your point, that was a rebuilding year for them. The Bobcats will have a high lottery pick plus $17 Million dollars in cap space to spend. Yes, I calculated it.
springfresh33::Thunder sucked for their first year.
LuckIsABust::would kentucky beat the bobcats?
emthomasjr::Depends on the rules.  NBA rules, NBA refs, Bobcats would pound them into oblivion.  NCAA rules, NCAA refs, it might be close, but I still think the 'Cats win, even though all the starters would have 3 fouls by the end of the first half.
springfresh33::KY would lose in both in NBA and NCAA rules...
Indychase22897::They are still a pro team. Kentuckys NOT. Bobcats would win.
JustStopBaby::No, they're not. Bobcats have loss 19 straight. Kentucky has the momentum.
badcooky81::No.
springfresh33::Nba or NCAA rules?
CPanthersNumba1::Bobcats may suck but Cam Newton is gonna lead the Panthers to the SUPER BOWL!!!
Jason21414::cam sucks,   he will be crap this year and im gonna bet against him everytime i get a good situation,
emthomasjr::Cam is the real deal.  If he had half a defense last year, what could have happened?  I look forward to watching him progress through the League.
CPanthersNumba1::Memphis Lol
royboy1978::Forget Cam, I'm on Team DeAngelo for specific reasons.
CPanthersNumba1::They have a strong chance at making the playoffs. Gotta sure up the defensive line with a guy like Fletcher Cox and hope that they can still get Ja. Jenkins in the second.
CPanthersNumba1::Haters gonna hate.
springfresh33::No, its just reality..I like Cam too
AllSaintsRow2.0::Sure he will, if they all carpool.
springfresh33::LOL not this year
royboy1978::Depends on who is coaching him and the entire team.
Indychase22897::HELL YEA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
IronFist78::Grizzles should be embarrassed
H.J.I.C.::looked a lot like the memphis tigers tonight...
TomLeee124::Fucklkkkkkk you Memphis - fuckingggg asssshoolleees
TomLeee124::yep - Charlotte sucks, memphis looks like a childs team
balltillifall_88::what is a childs team?
supreme91::you mad??
SCP-173::Like if You think the Bobcats are the worst team ever to take the floor in the NBA.
Indychase22897::Yea. Bobcats suck. So what. Im still a fan.
supreme91::At least the Bobcats TRIED to win
58carmen::michael jordan said early today he wasn't going to sell the bobcats http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DF4QyjJNuXo&amp;feature=channel&amp;list=UL he still believes he can turn the team around. if anybody can do it it's mike
utclindsay::Grizz better get their act together before the playoffs!
royboy1978::They will.
AllSaintsRow2.0::Worst team ever.
springfresh33::Grizz  should have blown these retards out LOL
royboy1978::Like how Cleveland is blowing out the Knicks?????
springfresh33::NY sucks LOL...I had my money on the Grizz..ah well
JustStopBaby::No they couldn't...because at the end of the day, they're overrated.
royboy1978::Well you should know that the Grizz blew out Miami two weeks ago.
emthomasjr::Overrated?  First time I think I've heard that about the Grizzlies ever.  LOL.
balltillifall_88::ok, with tonights bad game aside, how many grizzlies games have you ACTUALLY watched? im just curious.
JustStopBaby::I'm a bandwagon fan and right now, I'm a fan of Miami and I can tell you that Grizz are overrated. They're the team "no one wants to face", but those teams never win anything and are usually out in the first round. Sorry.
royboy1978::And who is your team?
Henry52378::WHEN THE LAST TIME BOBCATS FOUL SOMEBODY TO HAVE A CHANCE...............I WILL WAIT
badcooky81::Thank the Lord that one is over.  That was one of the worst NBA basketball game I've ever seen.  And I watched the Grizz when they were bad.
Talentsojhin::The ending was actually rather exciting....
badcooky81::As true as that is, it shouldn't have been!
JustStopBaby::This is just laughable. I hope you Charlotte fans didn't pay for parking.
CPanthersNumba1::Classy. That's alright this Bobcat's team could still whoop your @ss in basketball.
JustStopBaby::Yeah, until the fourth quarter...lol.
