George::Look at the job A Len did for the SUNS.  Their fantastic surprise of a center (Miles Plumlee) got completely out played by the rookie A Len who is just not getting some minutes because of his bad wheels.  Hopefully, A. Len will not show why Phx picked him 5th.
David S::Wilson Chandler shouldn't take 12 3s.  he needs to drive to the hoop and post up more.  Nugs have no post game.  Notice to how Lawson had 14 assists, nobody else had more than one.  Not a winning formula
Robert::Ish Smith Quick and unfazed by NUGGETS "D-Proves   THAT HUSTLE COUNTS!!! Nuggets please notice:                    Defend and Co-operate the effort with TEAMMATES                     No strong arm in Paint - Hixon doing it all-not enough                       Go to Zone and reduce opponents   ability to get to the paint. Shameful performance -GET SOME HELP- Not typical for NUGS BB. Obvious that heads must roll playing with non competitors and it won't get  better until action is taken-coaching/players have to be evaluated right now!!!!  Nugs players appear to be complacent meaning losses will continue until there is an attitude adjustment.BRING BACK MILLER  If he is not a criminal we will never know with the  COMMENTS of NO COMMENTS-typical of Kroenke's   approach to  being sensitive to his customer base. Let's get it on the table NUGS ADMIN.Pipeline to progress awaiting????
dave::Dragic is a stud! Top five PG in the NBA and a top 10 SG as well.
gary::Great win tonight. Nice to see Ish Smith and Alex Lin play well tonight. I sure like the edge Lin plays with. The Suns need to shoot free throws better to win close games..Go Suns!!
Django::How did nobody sign Barbosa? What a steal.
TayC::off topic. Richard Sherman may talk a big game....oh who am i kidding he talks the biggest game and tonight he showed he can play one too.
clint::Barbosa? I thought he retired years ago and moved back to Brazil.
seth::Faried is playing injured play AR some real minutes.
seth::Foye get's worse and worse each year + fatter and fatter.
