ulthumbei::I could have sworn that earlier this year all the Knicks fans were saying what a great coach Woodson is and now they are all dogging him. What happened?  Were you wrong or do you think he just suddenly completely lost his coaching abilities overnight like a form of amnesia?
puhleez_ho::can't wait to see melo and JR get run out of the gym next week in Denver.
costaras21::does anyone else think that Woodson is starting to **** up a little? STAT needs to play more and needs to be featured more. He is almost unstoppable down low and will atleast get fouled the majority of the time making his move to the basket.
msnyc10::A little? Defensive coach whose team allows scrubs to shoot 83% through 1 1/2 quarters!!!!???  Who says he has the best bench in the NBA because he sits 2 of his 5 best players? Whose JOB it is to make Stat and Melo play ball together? Who allows his fwd to BRING THE BALL UP THE FLOOR time and time again and doesn't even tell him IF you are going to do that then PLEASE get to the 3 pt line with more then 12 seconds left this isn't a Sunday barbecue scrimmage? Who can't seem to draw up a single play let alone a dozen for a 3pter with the abillity to shoot 50% when given the room? Who allows 1 of 3 players who can drive and penetrate in order to open up the perimeter FOR aforementioned 3pt shooter to take 18 3 pt shots a game? Who considers ball movement without player movement to be offense? When said ball movement is rarely even part of the game and most of the times 4 guys sit and watch? Who can't seem to even draw a play to get the start he decided this team runs on open? Yeah. I think he's starting to ***** a little.
CagedWisdomChangedMyLife::he also fouls a lot so there's that too... I agree that he should get the ball more in general, but I'm not mad with the amt of minutes he's seeing, and this is from someone who has STAT in their all-time favorite 5 lol
dannyweinst::Melo is a great player.  That said, his style of play does not bring out the best in his teammates.  Some of it is his fault, some of it isn't.
jcsny::Melo just has good individual stats, besides his 8 first round playoff flameouts.   Great players bring out the best in their teammates.
Dengue-Fever::Melo is NOT hurt..he a.s.s. was just embarrassed that he tripped on his own feet..sooo..the best way to get out of that is to fake an injury...
YanksForTheWinn::He ain't D-Wade, bro.
Dengue-Fever::You right about that..he ain't got no rings..lol
NY is my domain::Trollin hard
Dengue-Fever::U mad NY boy?
mr.sebastiankane::So the Knicks beat the Cavs without Melo and Cowherd makes it seem as if they would beat Miami without him
Matt25261992::yet another clueless fella on here
Ceemoe20::They did already
mr.sebastiankane::"Melo should be out of the league by now." -Melo
beverly.pouget::No, he is part of the playoff team that is going to give Miami a hard time
mr.sebastiankane::"You woulda thought I had 6 rings by now the way people worship me." -Lebron James
RNYC_125::Cowherd ripping Melo. What a surprise.
Wolverines_STLCardinals_Billikens::Because he is garbage.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Lmao at these fools that say Melo sucks. I see they don't see how stupid they make them selfs look. With idiot comments like these.
ThomsonAndThomson::What is "them selfs?"
F1nslap::Cleveland, where losing streaks come to an end....for the visiting team.
Alice in Chains 67::FANTASY BASEBALL: if youre looking for trustworthy money leagues w/ good payouts, go to fantrax and click "classic draft lobby".... what's my motivation here? I'm trying to fill the $10 pts league tmrw (weds 3/6) at 4pm EST.... also the $25 roto league fri nite @ 9pm... all leagues are 12 teams basically.... I obv don't work for fantrax see for urself... cbs fantasy su*ks, and e$pn money leagues are a hoax or some sort of cruel joke...
Alice in Chains 67::FANTASY BASEBALL: if youre looking for trustworthy money leagues w/ good payouts, go to fantrax and click "classic draft lobby".... what's my motivation here? I'm trying to fill the $10 pts league tmrw (weds 3/6) at 4pm EST.... also the $25 roto league fri nite @ 9pm... all leagues are 12 teams basically.... I obv don't work for fantrax see for urself... cbs fantasy su*ks, and e$pn money leagues are a hoax or some sort of cruel joke...
Alice in Chains 67::FANTASY BASEBALL: if youre looking for trustworthy money leagues w/ good payouts, go to fantrax and click "classic draft lobby".... what's my motivation here? I'm trying to fill the $10 pts league tmrw (weds 3/6) at 4pm EST.... also the $25 roto league fri nite @ 9pm... all leagues are 12 teams basically.... I obv don't work for fantrax see for urself... cbs fantasy su*ks, and e$pn money leagues are a hoax or some sort of cruel joke...
NYK0107::Stoudemire was a BEAST!  Knickstape!  http://tinyurl.com/GoingtotheKnicksGame
beverly.pouget::I'm not a Knicks fan or a Miami fan but what I've seen of the Knicks lately they are  really ready to make a run for the play offs and the Knicks are the team  that is going to give Miami trouble
Rickster7218::Let's not forget the Knicks beat the Heat twice this year with Melo.....The Knicks are very capable of beating the Heat in the playoffs.  The big concern now is will Melo be alright...
Lebroncouldcareless::IT WAS THE CAVS LOL!
NY is my domain::LOL I present facts and the best you got is "Shut up you NY idiot"?
Dengue-Fever::SHut up you NY idiot
NY is my domain::LOL the Heat have beaten the Cavs by an average of 3 points in two meetings this year...at full strength.  Knicks beat them by 5 without their best player.
RO7NY::So the Knicks come back against Cleveland without Carmelo and the first thing trolls do is say.." The Knicks don't need Carmelo this game is proof."   Do you think if this had been an elite team they were down too they would've come back like that? Say Miami or Indiana? Or even OKC who they play very soon and could be without Anthony?   I'm pretty sure the Knicks can beat the bottom tier teams without Carmelo on a consistent basis... but the middle and upper tier teams? I don't think so, especially not in a 7 game series.
SweetDaddy42::Exactly!  This is why Knicks fans shouldn't be upset about the Miami game.  It took the Knicks one day to prove that comebacks are easy when facing inferior talent.
OmniVersal::And why Miami fans shouldn't be upset about two decisive blowouts. :)
quickbr0wnf0x::As much as Kyrie has a (well-deserved) rep as being "Mr. Fourth Quarter", he needs to learn when to shoot and when to distribute.   When teams know there is a 100% chance of him taking the last shot, they can all key on him.  Though it would have been helpful to have Dion Waiters in the game to help in that respect.
Rickster7218::I totally agree...Kyrie is a great player but when Dion is in the game with him, Dion doesn't  see the ball enough....Dion is unstoppable when driving to the rak....
SweetDaddy42::Been watching Melo.
Noondog112378::melo will become awesome when he turns 30  thats when u grow up / die
oldcoach1961::Where was Mo the last quarter when they need points, and Jones when they needed a rebound?????
oldcoach1961::Coach Scott is good with young players, but will never move teams into upper class, record for 13 years 45 per cent.
CagedWisdomChangedMyLife::Amare Back
jtru001::He really should be starting.
CagedWisdomChangedMyLife::yeah he's gotta work on moving without the ball.  I thought Klay Thompson was going to be like that too, but he's come along nicely.  Novak needs to beg Reggie Miller to train him this summer or something lol
jtru001::I like him as a situational player he can shoot the lights out but cant move with or with out the ball really and kills us on D. At least Cope can create.
CagedWisdomChangedMyLife::lol yeah they will be needed heavily in the playoffs tho.  I'd like to see Novak get some more burn, but he can't play D.
jtru001::was upset when he didnt do it vs Miami though. In reality Novak and Kidd are liabilities more than anything at this point. I think Prig, Cope, Kmart should start seeing more time let kidd and Novak sit and rest for a while.
CagedWisdomChangedMyLife::yeah woody actually tried that the other night against GS. instead of playing the small ball lineup he stuck with all 3 on the court with Felton and JR in the 4th.  I thought it worked pretty well.  Curry was just on fire though lol
jtru001::Agree I am shocked though as to how Melo is doing some pick and roll with him...seems like they are starting to figure it out on the floor so why not start him and let melo, stat, and TC close out games?
CagedWisdomChangedMyLife::yeah he may have to now lol.  I kinda like him on the 2nd unit at least until the playoffs, but they aren't using him correctly there either.  They don't really give him the ball enough
argenis fradique::Hate the knicks but what a win down 22. Was looking bad and then they rally and COVER. Way to go losers.
Lebroncouldcareless::KARMA!!!!!  KNICKS WANTING LEBRON HURT  HOW SAD!
PhilipBragg::Here's more proof that Melo and Mare cannot co-exist.  Melo goes down and the Kncks finally turn to Mare.  Mare will go back into his hole when Melo comes back.  Wasted talent!  How 'bout a trade to send Mare somewhere he can post 20 and 15 again?  The Knicks could pick-up another point guard who can shoot.
KnickDiaz::Amare posted 20 n 15 when?d
CagedWisdomChangedMyLife::knicks need both in the playoffs
Lebroncouldcareless::THIS CANT EVEN GET 500+COMMENTS LOL  IF KNICK FANS WOULD STAY OUT   THE HEAT CHAT BOARD MAYBE   IT COULD!!!!!!!  SAYS MR. LEBRON JAMES!!
CagedWisdomChangedMyLife::its at 4300 and its only 8:40...
KBrealMVP::NY were lucky Dion Waiters wasnt playing
RO7NY::ummmm Carmelo Anthony wasn't playing either.
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Way to bounce back, NY.
Skippydoo4.0::The Sloan conference say Carmelo is better player when Carmelo doesn't play
0702dave::I want to elaborate and say carmelo doesnt play well with amare but thats just too obvious. What isnt so obvious is that Carmelo has a cancer spot on his right calf that i noticed a few nights back
smokinstogies305::5th seed and a first round exit are rumbling towards the Knicks like a runaway train!
rainmaker2007::2nd seed, trip to EC Finals.
torrtis::Good things happen when Carmelo sits.
RO7NY::What the heck does denver have to do with what the Knicks are doing? Stop bringing up Denver, that was like 2 years ago.
rma5690::Denver is better than NY without Melo. Says something.
rainmaker2007::The Knicks would not be as good without Melo. Delusional to think otherwise.
jordan was overrated::27-10 when carmelo sits out (den and nyk)
Merle Dixon.::1st felton blocked stephen curry's shot,  now he blocked kyrie irving's shot.
Christian86861::Go KNICKS!!!!!!!!!!!       http://GameStats.qr.net/dailysportblog
Merle Dixon.::j.r smith almost had a triple double this game.
brattwurst n mustard::how's that?
Dr.Clutch.::<b>I love how Carmelo fakes an injury every time the Knicks are getting hammered.</b>
rainmaker2007::If he was faking, he'd come back out when they were winning, right?
Merle Dixon.::biased troll.
Skippydoo4.0::Your so cute when you mad
Andrea Laurie Holden::thats a very biased statement,  he clearly was a bit banged up with his knee,  and had to go to the locker room.
Earl.Sweatshirt::are they gonna remind melo how to walk in the next practice?
nycqueens123::woodson should give james white more minutes get jr off the court shooting like a moron when hes on hes great but he just chucks it up most of the time
jtru001::James White should be the last guy on the floor...if anything cope should get more mins.
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::looks like kyrie is quickly becoming another volume shooter and not much else.  So overrated.
1502blue::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SNVBZuFaQvY
giantswinningthewest::JR Smith sucks  why does he keep shooting 3's? lol, he looks like a fool
rainmaker2007::Until the shot goes in. Then YOU look like the fool.
f23a4::Agreed Floyd.  If it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck.......
C3H6N6O6::i am not a racist but i haven't met a single black athlete in my life who has great decision making abilities. this is one of the reasons most great coaches are white. why can't people accept that just like other races accept blacks to be more athletic?
quickbr0wnf0x::How many points per game does the President average?  ;)
rainmaker2007::I smell a troll!
NYwinner56::So many comments get flagged but this ignorant comment remains up. Thanks ESPN
floyd1243::Racist loves to put out disclaimer before they talk the talk. U may not be a racist , but u sound like one.And now others will know it as well
C3H6N6O6::tungcn2010 - racist!!! who is the current US presiden?  ------------------------------------ bush. i hope i am right and it is not some hispanic.
tungcn2010::racist!!! who is the current US president?
marchale1973::Be careful, Knicks fans.....You're only 4-5 games out of the 6 seed, and this isn't November anymore.
SPEC1MAN::i hear you there.  its pretty tight from 2-8th spot in the east.  my knicks could end up a low seed.
tungcn2010::Notice how EVERY Knicks players stepped up when Melo is NOT playing. Except for JR, he's mini melo.
RO7NY::When people say "melo ball" they don't know what they're talking about and the minute I see that I move on.  THere is no such thing as melo ball... you can use the Heat game as an example... Melo constantly get his teammates open shots... but in a lot of cases they don't knock them down.  Is that his fault that he didn't get the assist?
SPEC1MAN::im not disagreeing with you there about melo, just talkin about JR, he won us a few games while melo was hurt.
tungcn2010::to me JR is like Monte Ellis. Yes, he'll win you a few games (spectacularly), but bc he jacks up so many ridiculously bad shots, that he'll lose it more often than win it for you.
SPEC1MAN::i dont really know how you could say that, when melo was injured at the beginnin of the year he was scoring 20 points a game for the knicks.
tungcn2010::When Melo shoots 20+ shots a game the rest of the team shoots 20%. There is no flow to their game... Just as in Denver, Melo ball is a CANCER. It takes away from all his teammates...
marchale1973::Maybe he fell off the wagon?
marchale1973::Look at how LBJ went down yesterday and then just shakes it off like nothing happened. Then today, this bum falls on his face and leaves the game like a pussay.  He's soft, fat, and has no desire to win or play with pain.
tungcn2010::Melo should sit out the rest of the season if Knicks wanna go deep into the playoffs. This game is proof...
SPEC1MAN::this game was against a team that isnt in the playoffs.
tungcn2010::Knicks lost a home and away to the RAPTORS... with melo and smith playing.
marchale1973::The Knicks are a legit 4-5 seed.
SPEC1MAN::rose isnt coming back.
Ryan Kelly GPA::they are going to get the three. relax
marchale1973::If Rose returns, Chicago will easily gain 4 games. At least
Ryan Kelly GPA::like i said knicks will win this game lol
C3H6N6O6::where were you when melo died on the floor? i was eating some chic chic piri piri from a good italian place while my gf was giving me a bj. share your stories here.
marchale1973::I was getting drunk with JR at the end of the bench
marchale1973::Could you imagine how good Melo would be if he wasn't a $@%!$ and cared about winning?
Ryan Kelly GPA::so whats kobe then? you lebron fans love to hate on kobe. kobe has 5. he's a ball hog though.
marchale1973::I'm not a Lebron fan. I'm a Heat fan. Have been for 25 years.
jack frrom the titanic::Unless Melo changes his way, like he did for the first 25 games, Knicks will get ousted from the playoffs.....sta=ragety is to double and triple melo in playoffs and melo will still shoot like he did in Denver
roll_n_riot::Gotta make you wonder, when the Knicks have both Melo and Amare on the court they go down by 22  Take 1 away they win, hmmm. Team still can't work out how to have them both around for most of the game and be effective
jack frrom the titanic::Knicks w/Melo are a dead team,no passing because of ISOM elo.....It showed that Kidd came alive when Melo was out
