Rattmausch::Whoopty ding.. The Bucks get four more games, perhaps five if they catch the Heat napping.  The Heat can pace themselves in this series.  If the Bucks make a run during the game the Heat can turn it up a notch and put em away.  Think it's gonna be one of those series where the Heat will dominate the first half of the games and put it away in the 3rd before taking their starters out for the fourth quarter.    As a Milwaukee sports fan this series will be an embarrassment despite national attention.  If we're gonna make the playoffs lets not just be happy making it there to lose in the first round.  I'm tired of mediocrity.  Sucks the NBA is a superficial league thus the Bucks will never really attract a top notch free agent.  With the way the lottery works the Bucks need to gut the team and be horrible for a couple seasons in order to get a top 3 pick.  Even that may not pan out.    I think the Bucks organization fears that if they have a horrible few years that they may lose the franchise.  Honestly, who's going to attend a Bucks game during the week on a snowy January night when they are getting blown out every night.  Marquette gets better attendance than the Bucks.lol.  Thus the reason I feel they strive for that 8th seed because they know there's no way they can pull a Miami Heat team together and they don't want to be the Bobcats due to the fact that they will lose a lot of money in revenue in the short term.  How are they gonna get a new arena if that's the case?  Oh well.. At least we have the Packers.
InSein::How bad is the East that a team 2 games below .500 has clinched a playoff spot with 10 games to go?
La Verite::At least now they will be mentioned, especially playing Miami 1st round.
Rattmausch::Milwaukee in general being mentioned on ESPN, let alone TNT.  Is rare.  I don't think the Bucks have been on TNT in many years.  I know ESPN does about 1 or 2 Bucks games a year but they're never in Milwaukee.  Usually it's versus teams like Boston or oddly enough, Memphis.  More than likely this series may be receded to NBA TV or something so that ESPN or TNT won't have to worry about low ratings.  Even when the Bucks were good between 1999 and 2001.  They were on TNT maybe once or twice and on NBC once or twice during those two regular seasons.  The Portland Trail Blazers have been on ESPN and TNT a bunch this year and their record is worse than Milwaukee.  The Brewers get the same treatment nationally.
the password is what::This is not a achievement and why we will never make it out of the first round in my life time as a bucks fan..we need to draft better because we will never get a descent FA...what next we go after Andrew bymun..Dwight...Josh Smith...lol this is laughable we probably wont win one game against Miami or NY
stevej2555::You don't have to suck to get a good draft pick. This guy is saying they need to draft better, not lose. What good would being the 9th place be anyways? That's where they were last year and they're in the same position. Besides, with expectations this low in the playoffs, what do they have to lose anyways? Make the Heat earn their first round series, instead of saying they already have it. I have no problem watching more Bucks basketball, even if it is just 4 more games. The decisions in signing or drafting the good players comes from management. Sucking isn't going to do anything, and it's pathetic. Much more pathetic than losing first round. Also, the draft lottery should seriously be restructured. Give everyone a chance, but make the lower places have only a slightly better advantage. If sucking is a strategy, then there needs to be changes to make this a better league.
stevej2555::Strong words coming from philth.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::You're still following me.  I NEED AN ADULT!!!!
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::That the same argument I tell the Bucks fans all the time. You have to suck to get better. But in return, they throw Dwight/Shaq leaving in my face.  Cool with me, I'd rather compete with HOF centers for a few years than to lose in the first round of the playoffs as an 8th seed, every year.   You are a smart Bucks fan.
Ross983::Go Bucks!  Shock the World!
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::"Billups groin injury" is headlined higher in relevance than this Bucks story.
stevej2555::Dude, you're an Eagles fan. I'd rather be a fan of the Bobcats than that pathetic "franchise."
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Good one........
jecil514::havin fun?
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Not as much as the Bucks fan.  Now go away.
Ross983::i think everyone trolls the magic
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Bucks fans have been trllin Magic boards all season for some reason. Might have been since the JJ/Tobias trade. Maybe the Magic is all they have to pick on as an 8th seed? I honestly have no idea.  Just returning the favor.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Congrats Bucks on your first round EXIT to the Miami Heat.  Kudos.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Troll of the day: ESPN for publicly playing the Bucks.   Making their success of reaching the playoffs seem so miniscule by mentioning the duration of time since their last appearance.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::In 3 years.  Hahahahhahaha!
robertloggia25::First playoff berth in three seasons?  Wow!! That's forever ago.
Bucks_fan_for_real.....::Monta Ellis 6 steals Larry Sanders 6 blocks
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Equals a first round EXIT!   LOL!
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::man the East is pathetic.  2 games under and a playoff spot secured.
Dr. Pfaff::Mavs are 37-39 too, and I bet you think they are great.. LOL.
jecil514::not too mention they put up a good fight against the Thunder
Bucks_fan_for_real.....::The Bucks have beaten a ton of west teams over the past 2 months.  Jazz, Rockets, Mavs, Warriors, and Lakers.  The West really isn't much better.
torrtis::He is not even dissing the bucks, look at the closest team chasing the playoffs, the 76ers and how dismal is their record. The East sucks.
itmakessense::*Clinching a spot below .500
korn7860::Happens every year in the East.
InSein::Not with 10 games left!
packersfanfrom89::Jennings numbers in wins vs losses are almost incredible.  20 ppg, 8 apg, and 45% FG in wins.(Top 5 PG numbers.)  15 ppg, 6 apg, and 35% FG in losses.(Bottom 5 PG numbers.)  Crazy.
Jacobk817::I was at the game. The "WE WANT DREW!" chants were awesome. Boylan would've gotten run out of town if he didn't put Gooden in.
cyclonextrem::cause he is always playful and he always has funny antics on the bench.. and he is Rodgers favorite player in the NBA ;)
jakeprimetime::why is he popular?
danielc901::Rudy Gay lol. Enough said.
droptopeclipse@hotmail.com::Fade aways and contested shots are so efficient! Wonder why he shot 1 - 10?
MarquetteMike1977::Fear The Dear Congratulations Bucks!!
greensilkdts::Congratz milwaukee. Its good of yall to join us in the playoffs. bucks n bulls.  larry sanders could win MIP this year.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::What an illustrious award haha. So he sucked so bad last year that his meager stats this year mean something hahahahahahaaa
packersfanfrom89::And for the record, there is literally not one player on Toronto that they wouldn't trade for Larry Sanders.  Jealousy is ugly on you DABU.
stevej2555::Uh, that's exactly what being an improved player is all about, duh! The past is the past, but now you're great.
packersfanfrom89::Or he's a 24 year old player finally getting starter minutes and has led the league in blocked shots for the majority of the year and averaging about a double double per game.  But whatever floats your boat, troll.
milw-jay::Fear the Deer  anyone?  anyone?
MarquetteMike1977::Way to Go Bucks!! Do not want to sound condescending but am Proud of you Bucks!! Great season so far let's make it greater!!
MarquetteMike1977::Marquette Mafia is gracious.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::How can someone with a SN that involves Marquette be condescending to anyone hahahahahah. DEWSH
John 3663::If the bucks shocked the heat in the first round in only five games, would ESPN explode?
stevej2555::If the Bucks win that series, North Korea actually launches their nukes. That's pretty much how these things work.
milw-jay::The Heat will beat the Bucks in two.
packersfanfrom89::Add the Lakers missing the playoffs, and yes, both the NBA and ESPN would explode.  But let's be real, the NBA would never allow that to happen.
stickgril::NBA playoffs are rediculous...We arent even above 500 for crying out loud...The Bucks dont belong in the playoffs but good luck to you.....maybe we can pull something out of our buts to beat Miami
MarquetteMike1977::Fear The Deer!! Am so Happy the Bucks made the Playoffs!! Congratulations keep it going Bucks!!
MarquetteMike1977::Fear The Deer!!
SconnieLove::I love the Bucks but it's a little ironic that they're 2 games under .500 and fans are happy. The Lakers have had like their worst year ever, still have a better record than the Bucks and might not make the playoffs. Pro sports are so messed up! Small markets can't compete!!!
korn7860::DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT - What?? Derrick Brookes don't join the Bucs until '98 you moron   He was drafted in the first round by Tampa Bay in 1995, just saying.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::BUCKS FANS ARE TOTAL LOSER IDIOTS.
WiscoMase23::tool
Zachraeder8::Fear the dear!!!!
ESPNCasualAccount1000::Hey DABU---RAPTORS, do you live in Toronto? If you do, do you always need a pass-port to get across to the U.S. or can you just reuse the same one over and over...
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::You only need one passport to cross the border. I think passports are good for 3 years. I don't live in Toronto now though but I think the rules are still the same no matter how close Canada is to the states.  EDIT: The TDOT is actually more south than 15% of the states. My buddy just told me that.
i-miss-katt-mobley::bucks 1st round exit
korn7860::Well I am out, have a good one everyone, good luck the rest of the way Raptor fans, hope any serious injuries are avoided, and good luck next season.  GO BUCKS!!!!!!!!!!
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::You are a Packer and Buc fan? WTF you are a shemale.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Kornboy you are a Bucs fan? Keep trolling loser.
ESPNCasualAccount1000::The packers lasted longer than the Bucs man...Did you know that the Packers finished like 5-6 games better than the Bucs last year dude
korn7860::Yes I am a huge Tampa Bay fan, I explained to someone below, people liking teams from out of state is really not a hard concept to understand.  Especially when you love defense, and grew up watching Dungy's Bucs with Nickerson, Brooks, Barber, Sapp, Lynch, and Abraham.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::What?? Derrick Brookes don't join the Bucs until '98 you moron
korn7860::You will try to twist a statement into anything you want hey?  I am also a big Packer fan, but they have always been offense first, and I love me some defense.  Right around the time I got into the Buccaneers, the Packers won the FN superbowl, so you really have no point with your statement at all.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Hahaha. So you bandwagoned on the Bucs right after the Pack started dying. Man you are such a tool.
ESPNCasualAccount1000::The only real troll is the one who calls someone a "loser" first man lol
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Good to see that kind of play. Michigan fight through the stupid rediculous biased Reffing to win. Amazing. That is the way to win on a sick dunk. BUT. This is the biggest down year in CBB history. Louie vs Mich? Ya hahaahajahaa
korn7860::Michigan vs Louisville, my money is on Michigan, Trey Burke is the real deal.
dcenate05050::is this the same michigan that the badgers beat twice
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Biggest down year in CBB history.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Think that call wasn't given to Kyle Lowry during the game today haha. Just shows the NBA refs are crooked.
korn7860::Everyone knows NBA refs are crooked, see the Bucks getting JOBBED by Tim Donaghy in the 2001 ECF.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Finally we can agree on something.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::HAHAHAHA. Refs trying really hard to get Cuse the win.
packersfanfrom89::Dumbest poster I've ever seen on these boards.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Are you watching the game kornboy?
dcenate05050::fattys
Goon5832::Raptor fans talkin crap your team lose 50 games lol get out of here bucks playoff bound
Goon5832::Raptor fans talkin crap your team lose 50 games lol get out of here bucks playoff bound
ESPNCasualAccount1000::"Bucks clinch first playoff berth in three seasons"  -that's not necessarily a good thing now is it...lol jk  Congraduations to the Bucks and their fans for they have been waiting a long time for this!
SconnieLove::I think he said "CongaDulations" because you spelled it wrong, moron.
ESPNCasualAccount1000::It might also have to do with what kind of division they play in too...It is no push-over! lol
korn7860::That is very true, Panthers still really do not concern me, but the Saints can easily bounce back to 11-5 and the Falcons adding Steven Jackson really helps that offense out 10 fold.
ESPNCasualAccount1000::I'm sure you do man...Wisconsin is known for having die-hard fans and great tasting cheese so it is all great!
korn7860::You mean Raheem Morris two years ago?  Or do you actually not like Schiano, I think he is a very good coach, and can get this team back to winning football.  Plus Muscle Hampster, Freeman, VJax, Mwill.  Tampa Bay already has a very good offense, just need to fill some gaps on the defense, and Dashon Goldson can really help with that.
ESPNCasualAccount1000::@Korn7860 Tampa Bay is nice and will have an improved season next year but my problem was last years head coach...
ESPNCasualAccount1000::I'm no fan of either team so I wouldn't care but having seen that you are so quick to judge others/teams/etc. I wouldn't be surprised if that didn't happen...
korn7860::ESPNCasualAccount1000 - @Korn May I ask the meaning behind being a Bucs fan?  Good question,  Growing up, my first game I saw was when Tony Dungy started coaching the team, through the years, I really enjoyed watching John Lynch, Warren Sapp, Hardy Nickerson, Derrick Brooks.  I just love me some defensive football, and at the time, they were the best.  After that they just kinda stuck with me, ya know.
korn7860::I am a huge fan of the NBA, yes Bucks are my team, but I know a ton about every single team.  It is my Hobby.
ESPNCasualAccount1000::@Korn May I ask the meaning behind being a Bucs fan?
ESPNCasualAccount1000::They need a new season man...The heart and spirit this time around is nonexistent.
korn7860::We shall see, but as I posted earlier.  Next season.  Bucks 45-37 Raptors 34-48  BOOK IT!!!!!!!!
korn7860::When is the last time Raptors were in?  2007?
korn7860::Because the fact they are 13-18 since acquiring him obviously proves that.
ESPNCasualAccount1000::It has been awhile-I'm sure man but the raptors will also be better next season with Rudy Gay.
korn7860::Congraduations?
ESPNCasualAccount1000::making the play-offs for the first time in three seasons? uhhhh......YES!!!
korn7860::Next year:  Bucks 45-37  Raptors 34-48
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Hey kornloser why haven't you answered my question about how far you went in the game of basketball? And if you have played against someone over 6'5? You are a white boy that thinks he knows basketball and I will believe for one second you actually coach a team you are passing your knowledge to a bunch of small white kids obviously.
korn7860::So all because I am white I cannot be a good coach?  Phil Jackson, George Karl, Red Aurbach, John Woodon, thats only 4 coaches right there, and all of them are either LEGENDS already, or in Karls case, WILL BE A LEGEND.  I can go on and on, but I will save you the embarrassment you are digging yourself into.
korn7860::I played 4 years of division two.  I have a news flash for you, all because you play one level of the game, it does not mean you do not understand all levels of the game.  Athleticism is a gift, knowledge is learned.
korn7860::Whats my IP and I will tell you what team.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::4 years of division 2 ball. What team?
korn7860::HEY DABU,  If me and Packer have the same IP, can you at least let me know what my IP is, since you have something that will give it to you?  Seeing as how if you do, I can have the cops on you within 5 minutes.
d_bokk::usually pegged ncaa for not having bad officiating.. seen a lot of iffy whistles instead of letting them play
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Ya last 3 minutes have been trying to get Cuse the win. Michigan is zero money for the NCAA
packersfanfrom89::Agreed.  That offensive foul that shoulda been called on Hardaway was terrible.
fire brian colangelo nowww::this man in here said that the bucks would take the heat to 6 games  and well...  i think ive had enough fairy tales for today  good day gents.
bradleyleoS24::psssh i know right, that guy is ridiculous, the bucks will win in 5
korn7860::For now and future.  Larry or JV=  Larry hands down, has double double and DPOY written all over his game.  Ersan or Amir= Ersan, and again, not close  Moute or Gay=  Moute on defense for sure, but Gay is much much better overall  Ellis or DD=  Ellis, he is that next tier of player talent wise, DD has a long ways to go  Jennings or Lowry=  Jennings and this is not close either, Jennings is a better PG then Lowry and Jennings plays like a SG, that says something.
korn7860::Looks like its Bucks 4, Raptors 1, sad sad day mister Dabu, I pity you.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Ok. Lets be real here. It is the only time you were ever caught. packerfansince89 and kornloser you are the same person. Your IP address is the same. Just admit it. There is no one else here.
dcenate05050::packersfans89 is a known troll.   but you're a sore loser  get a room you two!
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::How am I a sore loser? This game was done after the 1st quarter becuz of our coaches lineups. If you scroll down you woul..........wait a minute. Let me check your IP address.
packersfanfrom89::Hahaha, I love how you can only fool opposing team fans that don't know who you are.  Good luck with that buddy!
dcenate05050::raptors traded for rudy gay lol. what a waste
mike75288::i dont understand why they did
ESPNCasualAccount1000::Don't be so quick to judge the Raptors man...The heart, sole, spirit, etc. isn't there because they know this isn't their year. They could get the 8th seed next year...
blaine mcpeak::Cant wait for the Bucks to play in the playoffs, congrats on the big win over the Raptors, Ellis, Jennings, step it up and lead your team towards great things to come
blaine mcpeak::Yeah, the Bucks could totally dominate whoever they play next, I'd like to seek revenge and beat the Miami Heat one of these games, that would really help them out, look the Bucks are an average team, not the best, not the worst, but solid, compare them to the Bobcats, and the Bobcats are much worse, so Milwaukee has really got to step up in the playoffs and not lose important games like they did tonight
fire brian colangelo nowww::Maybe we should let the Raptors play, too?
fire brian colangelo nowww::Yea..............  I really can't wait to a see a professional basketball team in the NBA playoffs with a LOSING record.  That's going to be great.
fire brian colangelo nowww::korn7860 - DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT - Just scroll down according to kornloser and a couple other Bucks fans they will do nothing.  They will take the Heat to 6 games, that could very well be a lot more then any other team does in the East.  The Bucks match up the best with the Heat out of all of the East playoff teams.  LOLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
fire brian colangelo nowww::packersfanfrom89 - You come off as jealous brotha.  And jealous of the Milwaukee Bucks is sad.  Move on/  LOL! nah...  have fun playing the heat.
korn7860::DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT - Just scroll down according to kornloser and a couple other Bucks fans they will do nothing.  They will take the Heat to 6 games, that could very well be a lot more then any other team does in the East.  The Bucks match up the best with the Heat out of all of the East playoff teams.
korn7860::Happens in the East 9 out of 10 seasons.  Look at the whole of each loss for the Bucks, with 5 minutes to go in 20 of the teams losses, the Bucks either had a lead, or were within 4 points.    If you want to say they cannot close out a game, you got me, but this Bucks team talent wise is a 41-44 win team.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Just scroll down according to kornloser and a couple other Bucks fans they will do nothing.
packersfanfrom89::You come off as jealous brotha.  And jealous of the Milwaukee Bucks is sad.  Move on/
