T8ke_A_Picture::I'm going to let the Mavs slide with this loss since my Thunder lost to the lowly Cavs at home.
xmanfolife::Mavs don't look good this season period....&amp; all this whining about respect from the league is nonsense when they're basing that on last yrs run.  That's over with &amp; this season is the one that counts......at the end of the day though, Dallas won't repeat.
phunky58::i llove that thomas is getting his chance to shine.   the guy can flat out play.   that being said it makes me sad because guys like demetri mccamey, jacob pullen, and the guy from virginia tech  who i can't remember his name never got drafted.    shame on you nba teams for passing up talent like that and picking these no names from overseas.  its a joke.
RonTuna::LA DODGERS 9==TEXAS RANGERS 0
Mikslik1::Name a team that doesn't have a bad loss this year... Having said that, I don't like the Carlisle-Terry battle of words in the media. Never thought I would say it, but we need Haywood, West, and Wright back in the worst way. Roddy Buckets and Mahinmi just aren't getting it done. Mavs have a couple of months to get healthy and tighten it up.   Spurs and Thunder lost, too- this season is just wearing teams out.
MavsNation92::Tough loss for the Mavs but at the end of the day they will end up making the playoff for the 12th straight year. Just hope they get healthy by playoff time. People also need to realize we are missing our starting point guard in Delonte West and starting center in Brendon Haywood. Our backup center Brandon Wright is injured also. Go MAVS MFFL
RonTuna::Mavs and Cowboy fans ride a 3 wheeled bandwagon part-time....LMAO
GBM04::Youre counting on West and Haywood??
Chick Hearn rolling over in his grave::Wouldn't be so sure about Mavs making the playoffs.
RollThunder35::when are Mavs fans going to concede to the fact that Dallas sucks and they may not go to playoffs.
mwurden::When are the haters going to concede that Dallas has been a good team for over a decade, and the Finals win was no fluke?
haberguy::Not what I've seen from looking at this board. Tons of Bandwagoners who want to stop watching if that Mavs lose tonight. which they did.
MavsNation92::Mavs fans are true fan. We don't jump of because of couple of regular season loses. Mavs have made the playoff ever since 2000 so why would we jump of? We are also in the Deron Willams and Dwight sweepstakes so we will just get better next year
RollThunder35::Bad night on account of my Thunder losing to the crappy cavs,  it perked up when I saw that Spurs and Mavs are continuing to suck.  It makes me almost as happy to see those to arrogant, worthless fanbases humbled, as I am when OKC WINS.
RonTuna::YAWN
MavsNation92::4-1
MavsNation92::I see regular season is very important to you
RollThunder35::No, no....we only beat you 3-1 this season.
mrFEEZY::we're still the champs, something the kings will never be.   mavs had a chance to cut odom and show that mgmt and coaches were serious about keeping a good vibe and positive work environment but cuban just cant let go of odom. i really don;t understand this........... odom comes thru again with a 4 and 4 game.  cut the cancer cubes! mffl out.
RonTuna::CHUMPS
arsenal1470::good game Kings ....
softballguy18::This Dallas team is imploding from within. Something has this team divided, and I am pretty certain that it is Lamar Odom..   Mark Cuban needs to go into that locker room, sit down with Carlisle, figure out who is splitting this team in half and get rid of them. Dallas wasn't a team of drama until this season, and we all have a good idea who the culprit is.
Chick Hearn rolling over in his grave::Didn't Cuban already split the team in half by letting half sign elsewhere during free agency?
Springfresh3::or maybe because the stars are old?
BRAY5150::Suck it Dallas! You all deserve what's happening to your team... Mavs will miss the playoffs this year and aren't you glad now u gave up your #1 pick for odom? Haha couldn't have happened to a worse fan base
softballguy18::I guess Philadelphia and Detroit are just full of saints, right?
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::gg mavs, gn all, GO KINGS!
DawgGawd206::My Kings did a great job tonight. Go Kings!  P.S - R.I.P Biggie. Rap will not be the same.
david508540::Wow, did the Kings become a team tonite? Nah, just like when they beat the Fakers in the first game then sucked for the next 20 games. Nice to see what they could be if they played unselfish BB. Oh well nice as long as it last.
shooter mcgavin14::mavs trolls were talking soooooooooooooo much a few weeks ago. where are they now????????????????????????????
shooter mcgavin14::very quiet all of a sudden. talk a lot of ish then hide when the old men mavs are sucking hahaha
kujhac::I love the Firefox ignore button script. It's so easy to eliminate comments by LA Lickers trolls.
Final Fantasy 5::Get off my Js nigger
jvig818::Well I guess it did it that time.
jvig818::I like how this feed blocks every curse word on here except the word $@%!$@. #whitepeople
shooter mcgavin14::mavs blow. wheres all the mav trolls now hahahahaha?????????
Madhouse_United::Good win for the Kings. Was not expecting this, but they are tough at home. Mavericks are declining, better pick it up or else.
uw_huskie1234::IT&gt;Jimmer
byle_h::Easy for me to say this as a fantasy owner, but WHY THE HELL DID HE ONLY GET 24 MINUTES? 4-6 on threes and 5:1 assist to turnover ratio not good enough?
nunya1218::Lol.. one and done Dallas.
pgp.carter::wOw
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::Lakers fans are stupid
yabooboobearskate::None Laker fans are usually depressed.  Oh the irony Mr. Happy Joy. haha
YodaSucks::in english please?
YodaSucks::you spelt gay wrong
Slim_Greaser_310::i just took a big Dallas Mavericks in the restroom right now...
Lakerfresh::did you wipe your Dirk afterwards
haberguy::laker fans must be used to using their dirks when crap is involved.
hamfister::Sounds like you're speaking from experience.
YodaSucks::Lakerfresh asking another man about his dirk.....proves that Laker fans are gay
rj1512::sweeeeep
Lakerfresh::No serious, I have a pack of toilet paper labeled sacremento kings.  I use it when I take wet dumps
yabooboobearskate::no one cares about anything to do wit ur dong taking a hole.
rolando77::hence the wet dumps.
YodaSucks::Ha..ha, all jokes aside....Laker fans are gay
Slim_Greaser_310::have the kings even put Tyler Hunneycut in yet?
YodaSucks::yeah he has played a little
YodaSucks::Why is a lakers fan on this board anyways? Tired of how depressing the lakers board is after losing to ....who was it? Oh yeah the Wizards....hahah
YodaSucks::good one....hamfister huh? did your boyfriend give you that as your pet name? Gays are so funny!
hamfister::You can just let him play with your balls some more.
YodaSucks::Yeah i saw him ball once in college, he was a good player. Hopefully he develops and gets his game going and plays somewhere
Slim_Greaser_310::that sucks, serious sh@t he use to play bball anytime he could, he use to go to VAS its a kinder through 12 grade school...
YodaSucks::i cant really remember, it was in the early season, and he wasnt in for long.
Slim_Greaser_310::how did he do? i use to go to middle school with him
rolando77::As a Kings fan, my enemy's enemy is my friend. Never much cared for the Mavs or Cuban, but they dispatched the hated Lakers from the playoffs last year and Peja got his ring. I'd root for a Dallas dynasty if they sent Kobe and the rest of the smug Laker fans home early every year until our team becomes a contender again.
rolando77::^why I hate the Lakers.
Lakerfresh::your teams a doormat, get over it.
YodaSucks::You are a queer, get over it.
Slim_Greaser_310::how can portland hope to make the playoffs when they lost to pierce and his wheelchair
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::Cavs beat the thunder at home lol
dhafff16::bulls! lol
9-11 Lies::Actual script from Deron playing golf with Kidd Kidd: You know I was the Nets star point guard like you now. But I never made it until I can to Dallas. D-Will: Don't worry Jason, I will follow you in Dallas!  Kidd: If that is the case, Howard will come along with us. He wants to come  home in Dallas!  D-Will: All right!
YodaSucks::Get to the part where kidd starts bit-ching about the refs! I love that part!
YodaSucks::How will i have trouble? I am not on a team. It is flattering that you think so though. Thanks! For a white kid i can ball, my vertical is nearly a foot!
9-11 Lies::You will have more frustrations during playoffs and when 3D will come to lone start.
YodaSucks::Man portland looked bad tonight. Those old foggies  in green really handed it to them.
jvig818::Isaiah Thomas's comeback from retirement to play for the Kings &gt; Michael Jordan's comeback to play for the Wizards.
rj1512::This may sound really dumb but I feel like if we(Mavs) are an 8th seed and we play the 1 seed Thunder we will win. We match up good against them and always battle to the end in a close 1 possession game
lagunaking::no chandler, no peja, no barea, no brewer: you will loose.....Last year you had a team now you have a dismantled one
ken b good::Not DUMB, STUPID!!!
JaxFl45::OKC lost tonight but don't bank on beating them.
juju_dion::whenever we play them its usually close
juju_dion::I agree
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::Great win Kings, playing great vs the Nat champs
juju_dion::Kings Played a great game
erick21093::Damnnn Dallas is a 7th seed in the west now, don't look to far but the rockets appear to be really close to overcoming the Mavs... this should be a bumpy ride for you dallas fans...
mwurden::Could be?  It already is....
erick21093::indeed it is, wish the best for you dallas fans and would hate to see the Mavs miss the playoffs because the potential is looking so big right now...
naija82::I just lost $150,00 betting on this game... I don't find this funny.
mwurden::and you're in here posting?  riiiiigggghhhhtttttt.
jvig818::You didn't lose 150,000 dollars. You lost your dignity.
rj1512::bum
Lebrons giant forehead::I find it hilarious
rj1512::How many lies have you told today?
jvig818::The new Kings arena is going to be built out of losses. It's the only way we could afford it.
rolando77::Alkali Flats on the comeup. Wonder if VCS will get their own cheering section.
snakeice64::Traffic to the new arena will be horrible bottleknecked from both ways.  The current location is the best for traffic and affordable land in Sacramento.
Lebrons giant forehead::Maybe Kobe will share some bricks
3341brown::In about 6 years we could look back and the mavs could end up being the only team to beat Miami's big 3 in a 7 game series.
YodaSucks::green
YodaSucks::Lebron complains almost as much as the mavs do about officiating.
mwurden::http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-mEeIVr9gIyw/TZNBnDUZRwI/AAAAAAAAAEI/iRt0e55peOM/s1600/Lebron-Cry-baby.jpg
Lebrons giant forehead::nice
3341brown::or miami may never win a single playoff game because lebron cant stop crying on the court "Dirk stole my ring" WAAAAAAAAAAAA
Lebrons giant forehead::I agree
snakeice64::An obvious Heat fan sleep typing during a finals dream fantas sequence since its getting late in Miami.
Lebrons giant forehead::They won't remeber they even won at all
J-SMOOVE2030::Mavs are going to trade Odom for Kaman
jvig818::So is Khloeh.
JaxFl45::Mav's better eat their wheaties next time.
9-11 Lies::Breaking News: Howard agreed on principles to go the Dallas Mavericks. D-will will follow? Tune in for more news!
ken b good::News? Stop reading the funnies.
naija82::nice dreams my brother..
naija82::nice dream my bros...
rataurus1973::i then u woke up !
rataurus1973::a wheelchair for my kingdom! a wheelchair!    Paul Pierce
socalmom45::Boston and Lakers ...knows how to win multiple titles! !
naija82::And wheelchairs too!
rataurus1973::The Head Detective&gt;&gt;&gt;Jason Kidd
rataurus1973::Geico caveman&gt;Dirk
dhafff16::see yah tomorrow mavs!
OptimusPrime4.0::Most NBA fans are Morons who dont know a thing about the game of Basketball
Lebrons giant forehead::Like you
Lakerfresh::Queen fans still whining about 2000? Sorry bud just wasn't your destiny.
aaaa080::<b>LA Suks.   Lost to the Pistons, then Wizards, barely beat the Wolves by 3 pts w/o Kevin Love..lol...</b>
3341brown::theres a ref in jail because he helped the lakers win
YodaSucks::He must love jail, plenty of people there will make him his bit-ch. Every lakers fans dream
YodaSucks::Laker fan huh? Are you a top or a bottom? queer
kfilter::real original
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::lol everybody outside of LA knows that Kings should have won a ring in 2002
socalmom45::No rings for kings? ??nooooo LOL
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::yeah
kfilter::the bad part is we still should have won it even with the refs
TRENTROCK777::Isaiah Thomas = Beast
