Stantonsasaki::Kobe = Dominique Wilkins
Defy Shady::http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=blzfwcm  Utah  Williams/Luke/Blake  Hayward/Murphy  Antawn/Carrol  Gasol/Favors  Al Jefferson/Kanter/Gasol    Lakers  Nash/Foye  Kobe/Brandon Roy/Meeks  Derrick Williams/Ebanks  Love/Hill  Dwight/Sacre/Hill    Timberwolves  Rubio/J.J/Shved  Malcom Lee/Raja Bell  MWP/AK47/Budinger  Paul Millsap/Marvin Williams  Pekovic/Millsap/Stiemsma    Not bad at all for all 3 teams
mikeawesome09::like 15 times if.....  kobe hogs the ball and..  lol for his field goal yesterday
stormshadow2377::no its a struggle because they have key players missing and are all learning a new offensive system and there is no such thing as making teammates better you can push them to suceed teach them etc but again in the end its up to them to take what you did for them and use it in the best way they can. all you can do is HELP a player get better you can't MAKE them get better
Mambaholic 33::it's always a struggle when playing with Kobe...Why Nash &amp; Howard had reservation like others
stormshadow2377::FG pct means nothing Kobe may not have a good pct at times but he does the right thing when he's taking those shots. he doesn't go into a game thinking ok im just gonna start chucking up shots it depends on how his team is doing he adjuts how many shots he takes according to what he feels his team needs being more efficient and having a better fg pct is very misleading you can have an awesome fg pct but if your team's struggling and your not taking more shots to help just because you want to keep your precious fg pct your hurting the team sometimes Kobe may not have a good fg pct when hes doing volume shooting but if his team's struggling hes giving them what they need
Mambaholic 33::Sometimes????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
mikeawesome09::sometimes its good for kobe to hog just sayin
SFG707::Only the Lakers would get an ESPN article for beating the wizards, am I right?
UseGoodJudgementAlways::LeBron James vs Kobe Bryant&nbsp; LeBron James averages more points per game for his career&nbsp; LeBron James has a higher shooting percentage for his career&nbsp; LeBron James averages more assists per game for his career&nbsp; Lebron James has twice as many triple doubles as kobe in 1/2 the time LeBron James averages more rebounds per game for his career&nbsp; LeBron James averages more steals per game for his career&nbsp; LeBron James averages more blocks per game for his career&nbsp; LeBron James can defend all 5 positions on the floor, Kobe cannot&nbsp; LeBron James has a higher PER for his career&nbsp; LeBron James has lead the league in win shares 4 times, Kobe never has&nbsp; LeBron James is 27 and he already has 3 MVPs and an NBA Finals MVP&nbsp; Kobe Bryant is 33 and has 1 MVP and 2 NBA Finals MVPs&nbsp; I don't care about total titles won, He rode Shaq for the first 3. If you use that logic you might as well say that Robert Horry is better than Michael Jordan. LEBRON &gt; kobe
stairwell13::@UseGoodJudgementAlways - Great use of facts.  Titles is a skewed stat, based on titles Will Perdue is twice as good as Hakeem Olajuwon and Wilt Chamberlain.  Takes others to win a title, or in Kobe's case riding Shaq - to carry you to a title.
sutherlacd27::Lmfao. So titles don't matter cause it goes against lebron. What a tool you are. Kobe also has the most all defensive selections in nba history. Kobe's stats as a starter: 28, 6 and 5
mikeawesome09::this was so funny in  the 2011 when lebron didnt have a ring   http://www.google.com/imgres?q=funny+nba+memes&amp;um=1&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=N&amp;tbo=d&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=583&amp;tbm=isch&amp;tbnid=J9vE9walfLSYPM:&amp;imgrefurl=http://www.funnyjunk.com/funny_pictures/3482119/lebron%2Bjames/&amp;docid=O07Hc7bQJQhu5M&amp;imgurl=http://static3.fjcdn.com/comments/NBA%252BMEMES%252Bis%252Bfunny%252Bas%252Bfuck.%252BMy%252Bfav%252Bpicture%252B_75a71d036a2dd73dabfc407dab93118e.jpg&amp;w=398&amp;h=391&amp;ei=bP7MUL7lCISJqgHZoYCgAg&amp;zoom=1&amp;iact=hc&amp;vpx=425&amp;vpy=270&amp;dur=3491&amp;hovh=223&amp;hovw=227&amp;tx=99&amp;ty=182&amp;sig=118408365267667910059&amp;page=3&amp;tbnh=145&amp;tbnw=148&amp;start=49&amp;ndsp=29&amp;ved=1t:429,r:58,s:0,i:269
Mambaholic 33::Btw being a grammar coach and Kobe excuse maker, tells us everything we need to know
sutherlacd27::Using the wrong form of there, their, and they're tells me you're a $@%!$@% moron.
Mambaholic 33::Exactly the Bench!
stairwell13::yeah, it means Lebron got drafted first and Kobe thirteenth.  Advantage James.  Your comment just proves why Kobe got his 5 rings and that Lebron had zero help.
sutherlacd27::Yeah he played for a playoff team as a rookie. Lebron was playing for a lottery team. You do see the difference right???
Mambaholic 33::Were talking about the Cav's? nobody even knew who they were till James got there...Now there a distant memory again like you
sutherlacd27::Btw it is they're not there*.
sutherlacd27::Like me? You don't even know me. You have to have something more clever than that.
Mambaholic 33::Ok! will take the first five season: Lebron score 6,178 more pts 1200 more rebounds 1400 more ast 300 more stl 100 more blks the list goes on and on
stairwell13::if he would have been better he wouldn't have been on the bench.  Your comment just proves the point.
sutherlacd27::Kobe sat the bench the first 2 years.
UseGoodJudgementAlways::Lebron &gt; kome
sutherlacd27::That's cool. That was at the end of Kobe's prime and the start of lebrons.
UseGoodJudgementAlways::2009: Kobe took 99 more shots, LeBron scored 103 more points&nbsp; 2010: Kobe took 41 more shots, LeBron scored 288 more points&nbsp; 2011: Kobe took 154 more shots, LeBron scored 33 more points
sutherlacd27::UseGoodJudgementAlways - Lebron &gt; kome  Well lebron is in his prime and Kobe's in his 17th season.
Mambaholic 33::What really really funny is watching what's supposed be basketballs best not even get to finials with a team that's loaded. and that not enough laughs, next season you get more stars and gets worse...my sides killing me!  Stop! Ouch!!!
stairwell13::yeah, watching a guy carry a bunch of scrubs and Mike Brown to the best record in the league two years in a row, and then watching Kobe go 1-4 and 0-9 in the preseason is enough to make somebody fall out of their chair from laughing so hard.  Shows how bad Kobe sucks.
sutherlacd27::Yeah I remember when the cavs had the leagues best record twice and failed to make the finals both times. Was pretty funny.
Mambaholic 33::Kobe is not overrated... lots of so called Superstars have taken some of best talent ever assembled and lost  just can't remember who they were
Mambaholic 33::try sloooow it down for you!  passing...   the....    ball...   will...   make...   Lakers ... play...  like ....   a ... team!   this....   will ...  give...   them ...   more...    balance
Mambaholic 33::So that another reason he should pass the ball. Why its a "team" sport...talk about not knowing #$@% you must be Laker fan
stairwell13::Missing 20 shots is a reason he should pass the ball
sutherlacd27::Howard not being back in the same shape is a reason kobe should pass the ball? You make no sense.
Mambaholic 33::How come every system looks the same...Kobe shooting  LBJ going have more wins in rookie year in Cleveland .... Howard looks pretty normal to me except still can't make ft's - and now it matters more than ever. Yea! that must be his back. Dame! they excuse never stop coming
sutherlacd27::He's not running the floor nor is he elevating to the same height. If he looks the same to you then you haven't seen him play enough and your opinion means $@%!.
Mambaholic 33::several all-stars and 3 future hall famers at the same time  lossing record and 0-8 pre-season
stairwell13::cheese with your whine?
elibird54321::Yeah, I guess having Center that is coming off back surgery, 3 new faces, two in the starting lineup &amp; the 6th man, trying to learn a whole new (crap) offense is no excuse, huh? b.t.w. still missing 2-3 players, 1 player still coming off back surgery and not 100%, on their 3rd coach and learning their second system of the season.
elibird54321::L.A., Portland, Houston, Orlando(Shaq years &amp; Howard years), Detroit, New York, Miami, Boston, just to name a few.
elibird54321::Mambaholic 33 - Overall!   Shaq - Bynum - Gasol - Phil - Odom - Nash - Arisa - WP - Horry  Lebron had no one his first 7 season ***************************** <b>Fun Fact: On those Cav's teams that was leading the league in wins they had 4 players one year &amp; 5 player in the other scoring in double digits.</b>
Mambaholic 33::Lets see! took Cleveland to playoff and finals with no. Wade has been a shell of himself and Mia hasn't done anything last few years.  sorry it was over your head Laker Fan
stairwell13::He was 22.  MJ was 1-9 in his first 10 series and didn't even make the finals til he was 28.
sutherlacd27::The year he went to the finals with te cavs he had one of the worst finals of all time. Swept. He simply made the finals because he was in the east.
mike etheridge::man bro u play with what u got not kobes fault or lebrons more to do with what ownership strives for
stairwell13::best record in the league twice, when Kobe's teams have similar talent he doesn't even make the playoffs.
sutherlacd27::Lebron never won until he went to Miami. So how exactly did he do more with less??!?
elibird54321::2005-06 Cavs.  1,LeBron James 2,Zydrunas Ilgauskas 3,Larry Hughes 4,Ronald Murray 5,Drew Gooden 6,Donyell Marshall 7,Damon Jones 8,Eric Snow 9,Anderson Varejao 10,Sasha Pavlovic   2006-07 1,LeBron James 2,Larry Hughes 3,Zydrunas Ilgauskas 4,Drew Gooden 5,Sasha Pavlovic 6,Donyell Marshall 7,Anderson Varejao 8,Damon Jones 9,Daniel Gibson 10,Eric Snow
Mambaholic 33::Never disagreed with that! just simply LBJ doing more with far less is far more impressive than the other guy doing less with more.
Mambaholic 33::I'm sure they'll win allot more with him, like pre-seaon there probably losing on purpose
Mambaholic 33::Fun Fact:  my original point was simple! James had no where close to the talent around him first several yrs.. your comprehension and point was meaningless
Mambaholic 33::FUN FACT:   No Phil - no championships  Phil- Championship no Phil- no championship Phil- Championship  no Phil- no more Championships.... as long Kobe there
elibird54321::Yep, that Kobe guy will never make it in the NBA. You can't win a championship with him on the team!....lmao =)
Mambaholic 33::FUN FACT: Who were those all stars...What happen to them after LBJ left...What was the reason they were relevant... why did Clv fall off the map again after James left  who did LBJ have?
stairwell13::Cavs haven't come close to sniffing the postseason since Lebron left after leading them to the league's best record two years in a row.  That's a fact.  They lost other players - Big Z?  Are you serious?  Even the Cavs didn't want him they traded him mid-year and got him back in a fire sale.  New coach Byron Scott was a HUGE upgrade from Mike Brown.  I am watching Varejao this year and guess what, they'll miss the playoffs for the third year in a row since LBJ left.  Get a clue dude.
sutherlacd27::Mo Williams plays quite a few minutes. Jamison is with the lakers. Are you watching varejao this year?
elibird54321::Fun Fact: You read, but your comprehension is low. I never said they had All-Stars. I said they had multiple people that averaged double digit scoring for those seasons. That team played very well together. What happen? LeBron was not the only one to leave. The Cav's had injured players. They got a new coach. They also had a new system to learn.
mike etheridge::those cle teams played nasty D won a lot of games in the 70s &amp; 80s point range with lbj getting half the point totals amazing they competed at such a level
mike etheridge::funny all those bench players are still in the league &amp; not starting except ariza
elibird54321::One of the weakest lineups a coach &amp; a superstar ever has had to win a championship....twice!  Kobe won back to back with a line up of Gasol, Bynum, Artest, Ariza &amp; Fisher for starters Odom, Brown, Sasha, Farmar &amp; Walton, Powell, Mbenga, Morrison &amp; Yue off the Bench  Before you even go there: Bynum was coming off an injury and was not playing as well as his Allstar season. Pau was around his usual career average.9.2 RB's 3.2 Ast's 18.7 Pts. Odom was not at his 6th man of the year level. Artest is not at the level he was when he was DPOY and/or 20 PPG scorer. Ariza did play out of his mind in the playoffs, but was just an 8PPG 3 RB player for that season.
stairwell13::you are actually that Kobe had no help? BAHAHAHAHAHAHA
elibird54321::<b>FUN FACT: Did you know Kobe &amp;; Shaq won 3 championships , despite having only 1 other player having a double digit scoring average? Kobe &amp; Shaq accounted for nearly 60% of the teams offensive output.  Glen Rice    15.9 PPG  2000 Championship Season Derek Fisher 11.5 PPG  2001 Championship Season Derek Fisher 11.2 PPG  2002 Championship Season </b>
mike etheridge::Silver lining to nash &amp; gasol being out   Meeks &amp; Hill showing they can log decent minutes at those positions &amp; give some depth to the bench down the road
mike etheridge::tho meeks is more of a shooting guard not sold on duhon he is a turnover machine need blake back at backup pg
JoeClipplet::GO CLIPPERS!!!!
JoeClipplet::I also live in LA (Venice Beach)... You don't make sense... It's about representation, and currently... Clippers Represent LA the best... Record and Attendance wise
mike etheridge::i live in LA suburb theyr nice but not challenging the Laker nation yet lol
lifan36::Greatest player of their era.  So quit comparing cause they are all great.    70's:  Kareem 80's:  Magic/Bird 90's:  Jordan/Olajuwon 00's:  Kobe/Shaq/Duncan 10's:  Lebron/Durant/???
Mambaholic 33::What Shaq was able to do was un-match offensively  &amp; defensively - complete domination and demoralized the other team night in and night out...Longevity yes i would have to give Kobe... could Kobe have won elsewhere like Shaq, we no what the answer is there  Ducan: those #'s r above r nice but they can't help this season and last...total impact to a team by making them better not worse
elibird54321::Worse?sure they would be better without Kobe...lmao b.t.w. Like Kobe was just waving a towel and cheering as Shaq won it all by himself, huh?  2001 Championship Season  Kobe averaged 28.5 points in the Season and 29.4 in the Playoffs while Shaq averaged 28.7 and 30.4 Kobe led the team in assists and steals.
mike etheridge::as much as i love shaq he was lazy he changed the game by dozing people out of the lane he had no comparison of the skills duncan posesses to deny kobes talents tells me ur just hating bro
Mambaholic 33::Comparing Kobe to Shaq &amp; Ducan is Blasphemous...Ducan is still having more positive impact and waaaaaay better record with 1/ 2 talent...Shaq S%&amp; he changed the game
elibird54321::Duncan's team is playing better as a whole. Yes, it is blasphemous to try and compare Duncan to Kobe. <b>KB24 7 NBA Finals 5 NBA Championships 2 Finals MVP's Post-Shaq - Playoffs:  79 games played, 41.2 mpg  29.8 ppg, 5.7 rpg, 5.4 apg  46.7% FG, 35% 3pt, 84.4% FT  Not including this years post season 30ppg, or the ppg would be higher. </b>
mike etheridge::understand the whole MJ vs KB thing but i happen to like them both MJ to me is the original 1  then comes KB who patterns his game after MJ &amp; plays for my favorite team i rank MJ at 1 based on his career #s when &amp; if kobe can surpass his #s i will give credit where credit is due also based on pure athletic ability MJ is the man hands down
lakeshowman805::i have a feeling by all star break thats when the actuall long winnin streaks will start workin out the lake show right now its gonna be up and down cuz howard has to figure out if actually wants a ring
sunny6jay::lakers win 1 game against worst team now they say lakers back really lol lmao
Ric Buchers Source::Is Kobe over-rated? Yes. Is Kobe a selfish player? Yes. Do I have a point? No.
mike etheridge::lebron is a beast i would not deny his talent
Mambaholic 33::Don't care about his #'s, care about doing more with less - than doing less with more  BTW Lebron first five season are so far in front of him its almost unfair to compare - and has already passed him several categories in half the time...not ever close!
elibird54321::You say LeBron did not have to spend 8 years sharing the ball with another prolific player like Kobe had to? You must have forgot about Shaq. Kobe's individual numbers would probably be off the chart if he had went to a sorry team like MJ &amp; LeBron did. I'm glad though, because I'll take the titles.
sutherlacd27::Kobe's stats as a starter: 28, 6, and 5
mike etheridge::kobe played behind eddie jones his 1st yr &amp; a half  before cracking the lineup no shame in that eddie was nice Lakers didnt need to rush a 17 yr old kid into the lineup
mike etheridge::elibird bringing FACTS
mike etheridge::Kidd wont be close to kobes numbers tho neither will any other player going into his 40s till lebron or durant catches him
Mambaholic 33::Competing is more than just shooting your team into losses, besides Kid and many others have no problem playing into 40's... others also played collage for those all important miles everyone want to point to. he's 34 BFD, talk to me about football players that are older that makes Basketball look like Golf
Mambaholic 33::elibird54321 - Playing in college in not like playing in the NBA. Get real. You also have to factor in all the post season play too. Kid and others are not SG's that have to create shots or carry an offense. Name how many of those players are or were doing that. Before you go there: MJ total post season games 179  Playing college is still playing and he didn't start till his 3rd season or play a full season till his 5th... Try playing football into your late 30's if you want to really get real!  Cry Me River
elibird54321::Playing in college in not like playing in the NBA. Get real. You also have to factor in all the post season play too. Kid and others are not SG's that have to create shots or carry an offense. Name how many of those players are or were doing that. Before you go there: MJ total post season games 179
mike etheridge::kobe is in yr 17 &amp; leading the league in scoring ur reply will be 'he shoots so much he shud be ' my take tho is how amazing he is able to compete at such a high level this far into his career
Mambaholic 33::We see the facts every night and again this season
mike etheridge::believe hes also the youngest to this acheivment which means he played less time mamba 33 than the others on the list making it even more special
mike etheridge::bring facts mamba 33
mike etheridge::guy just recorded 30,000 points 5 rings 15 AS appearances 1 mvp  gtfoh
elibird54321::MJ had about 23,010 FGA's to do it and Kobe had about 23,071 FGA's to do it. So don't start talking about how many more games it took for Kobe. If you want to talk, how about how many shots was MJ shooting to do this in just 15 years!
sutherlacd27::Lies^
Mambaholic 33::And took more shoots than anyone in basketball History to get there  Basketball's Brett Favre
sutherlacd27::Overrated? Lol
spikeannoyed::keep shooting Kobe.. that will get it done
Mambaholic 33::Overall!   Shaq - Bynum - Gasol - Phil - Odom - Nash - Arisa - WP - Horry  Lebron had no one his first 7 season
mike etheridge::howard 3 time mvp legit bynum 1 good season not so much
Mambaholic 33::And Bynum - and now Howard
sutherlacd27::Bynum was injured during those championship runs
Mambaholic 33::I'll bet not!  definition of great gm goes way beyond just scoring, beside what is it 60-40  only sure beat is he had more talent around him than anyone in Basketball History
sutherlacd27::Yeah gasol and odom are as good as say Kareem and worthy...$@%!$@%
Mambaholic 33::+ -  Howard+ Nash+WP+Gasol + Kobe = won worst records NBA  - Kobe,  become a contender
spikeannoyed::@ nba is the worst  9 from 29???   dont dare try to defend that!!
Mambaholic 33::elibird54321 - It's not his best either. I bet I can pull up many more great games than you can pull up bad ones!.
elibird54321::It's not his best either. I bet I can pull up many more great games than you can pull up bad ones!
Mambaholic 33::Not Kobe worst
Mambaholic 33::+ 2 games won when Kobe scores over 30 pts  - 9 games when scores 30 pts  won almost all there gms when Kobe was out last season with that serious shin injury, that kept him out for several games
sutherlacd27::I don't get the point of that argument. Jordan only won with Phil as well
Mambaholic 33::sutherlacd27 - Lebron has a losing record when he scores over 30 too. It doesn't mean jack. Lakers aren't losing because kobe scores a lot of points.  maybe its because they don't have enough talent...nothing another 100M and another coach might fix...maybe they can bring Phil back the only time they have won -  at least as long Kobe still there
sutherlacd27::Lebron has a losing record when he scores over 30 too. It doesn't mean jack. Lakers aren't losing because kobe scores a lot of points.
nba is the worst::+17 in his 44 minutes on the court teammates -11 in the 4 minutes he was on the bench  kobe's fault the lakers won the game
The Injured Mamba::I've always noticed Kobe barks at his teammates but you can his teammates are trying not to snap at him.  I'm thinking, no wonder his teammates can't perform well.
Mambaholic 33::There's always the walking off the court to help motivate his teammates in his arsenal
The Injured Mamba::When Jordan barked at his teammates, he always made sure afterwards that he let them know why he barked at them.  That's a great leader.  You don't beat up on your teammates mentally just because the camera's are on.
mike etheridge::nothing against melissa but i prefer  snoop kendrick lamar 2chains etc
mike etheridge::your the one calling me melissa ha im black ya fool &amp; i was responding to mambaholic
jimmiesjonesen::You suck at talkin junk that's all mikey!!!Maybe try something else and do better!!!
mike etheridge::pathetic jj the vajayjay
mike etheridge::liking ur own posts u lil $@%!$@
jimmiesjonesen::Yeah smart eh?that's why i have like 7 posts and only 2 are liked!!!Shut up you are a damn fool!!!
mike etheridge::internet thug huh id mop the floor with ya lil p a$$
jimmiesjonesen::ha,ha,ha got you boy!!!!That's probably what you do for a living eh tough guy?You would get concussed!!!
jimmiesjonesen::Did you forget your Bigboy pants today Melissa?
mike etheridge::since u spent so much time in the locker room i believe u what were u by the way? oh jock strap collector ok
jimmiesjonesen::K puss puss!!!What's the matter Melissa Etheridge!!!!
jimmiesjonesen::Yeah like you know MJ that is so wrong!!!MJ shot 43 times to score 49 points 1 time so stop acting like Kobe shoots more than him!!!
elibird54321::Jordan was a 49%  Kobe is 45%  10 for 20 is 50%  9 for 20 is 45%  On average that means Jordan would score 1 more basket per game than Kobe would.
Mambaholic 33::MJ was at 50% not 45%... 350 hitter or 250 hitter
Mambaholic 33::Team mates:  MJ: Respected  KB: Hated
elibird54321::<b>Classic Michael Jordan quotes about his teammates</b> Quote: "I hate being out there with those garbagemen. They don't get you the ball." Quote: "He can't do anything with the ball. Don't give it to him." - Michael yelling at Paxson who passed the ball to Perdue Quote: "He was scared in there and panicking. He just lost it when Stockton scored." - Michael on B.J. Armstrong's mental fragility Quote: I'll let them stand up and take responsibility for themselves." Quote: "He's scared. He's got no heart...Nobody told me that. If I had spoken up, he wouldn't have been here." Quote: "Give me the fu*king ball." - Michael to Doug Collins who drew up a play for Dave Corzine Quote: "I hate when I have to read that in the papers the next day, that I couldn't do something. It wasn't my fault." Quote: "They don't need a ticket to watch you sitting on the bench. They can go to your house for that." - Michael to Charles Davis who was sorting through his tickets for his family and friends Quote: "You're an idiot. You've screwed up every play we ever ran. You're too stupid to even remember the plays. We ought to get rid of you." - Michael to Horace Grant Quote: "I'm sure everything will be fine if we win, but if we start losing, I'm shooting." Quote: "Why the hell don't you ever set a pick like that in a game?" - Michael yelling at Perdue after also hitting Perdue upside his head (led to the institution of the private curtain for practices) More: http://www.narutoforums.com/showthread.php?t=632753
Mambaholic 33::you mean being a Leader is one who makes others around them better - as opposed to shrinking them
Mambaholic 33::When did Basketball become a team sport    _ Kobe
Mambaholic 33::Thank you T- Ariza
The Injured Mamba::When the Celtics won the Championship in 2008.
RON-BURGUNDY-STAY-CLASSY::And lost too lakers
HotdogSalesman2012::k to sum it up, kobe is overrated.  Top ten great shooting guard. Probably number 8, and that's all he is.  A prolific individual scorer with nice offensive fundamentals and severe psychological issues.  He's so selfish and one dimensional that it makes you want to vomit.  Good day.
elibird54321::He has no point. First off his offensive skill set is not 'nice", it's "great". So, selfish that he is always in the top 2 or 3 SG's in assists &amp; rebounds in the league. He is also a great lock down perimeter defender. He is older now and cannot do that for an entire game anymore, but in spurts can still get the job done.
Treydey10::Dude Kobe is not a lock down perimeter defender lol.
jimmiesjonesen::Look at your name you have no opinion in this world!!!
sutherlacd27::He has the record for most all defensive team selections as well you $@%!$@% moron.
The Injured Mamba::The man is blunt, but he has a point.
The Injured Mamba::But Magic is right, get Pau more involved in the post offensively.  That's the reason why the Lakers were able to make 3 straight Finals appearances.  Having a big man that can post and get easy buckets.
Baseline Move::I always thought the success of the Nash Experiment would depend completely on his ability to re-energize and re-engage Gasol.  The jury is out, but I wouldn't count on it.
kobefor6rings2013::I hate this style of basketball the Lakers are playing. I would much rather see the 95-86 games the Lakers were winning under Phil (and championships) than losing games 120-110. Hell, I thought that the Game 7 vs Boston 83-79 was one of the best games EVER as both teams played their rears off defensively!!
Mambaholic 33::Biggest problem for Lakers - not being able to play all six all-stars at the same time
Mambaholic 33::Lets see you r Laker fan so i'll try  Yes MWP &amp; Jamison between them - several def awards - all NBA - rookie awards Jamison is carrer 20 pts and 8 rbs guy  maybe closer to 6
elibird54321::Yeah, one has a broken leg and you are probably the only person I've heard that is stating that MWP &amp; Jamison are All-Stars So If they were starting Kobe, Howard, Pau &amp; Nash, I'm trying to find out who is this mysterious 5th All-Star is? Let alone the 6th.
Baseline Move::I thought it was not having room for 4 hyperbaric chambers in the locker room.
The Injured Mamba::I heard Kobe and Dwight had a shouting match on court because of defensive assignment.  Dwight is a 3-time defensive player of the year.  If anyone that should be shouted at on defense, it should be Kobe.  He has looked really slow and frail on defense lately.
Mambaholic 33::Gasol had no problem being Spain's best player and giving our team all they could handle  what dif couple months make
Mambaholic 33::everyone game disappears when playing with Kobe   except Shaq!
kobefor6rings2013::Gasol's game didn't exactly disappear playing with Kobe! Gasol couldn't win a single playoff game in Memphis as the man!
Baseline Move::As a team they're blowing a lot of defensive assignments .... but what do you expect when you change coaches a month into the season?
kobefor6rings2013::Dwight looks to be more than a step slow this season. This is not the Dwight of Orlando!
The Injured Mamba::In Orlando, Dwight didn't have a player shooting the ball 30 times a game.
kobefor6rings2013::D'Antoni is so bad you could give him a starting five of Jordan, Jabbar, Bird, Duncan and Magic and he would still not win an NBA title because his teams shoot WAY too many threes and play NO DEFENSE!!
Baseline Move::Well, look at his 60-win team in Phoenix.  Sure looked great in the regular season, and why not with Nash, Amare, Joe Johnson, Marion and Q-Rich in their primes?  Then things slowed down in the postseason, rebounds &amp; defense became important, and SPLAT.  And no offense, but this Lakers roster does not have that kind of firepower.
The Injured Mamba::Any chances of Phil coming back?  I read somewhere a reporter asked him that question and his answer was "slim to none"
The Injured Mamba::When Pau and Nash get back, the offense needs to revolve around them....not Kobe.  You bring Kobe in for the final blow and let Pau and Nash run the show.
Mambaholic 33::when they've been doing such a good job watching Kobe
kobefor6rings2013::Offense should run through Dwight and Gasol.
kobefor6rings2013::Which is why they should have hired Phil. Gasol thrived in the Triangle and Howard would as well. Nash could adjust no doubt.
The Injured Mamba::True....but Nash needs to run the offense.  He is the point guard and he should be handling the ball most of the time.
The Injured Mamba::Was I the only that noticed, Kobe missed 20 shots last night?  Damn!
Mambaholic 33::100m dollars worth would say different
kobefor6rings2013::You cannot use your teammates when you have NONE!!
Mambaholic 33::Like that's something new
espnmb123::nothing new for kobe.
espnmb123::^^ why start now?
The Injured Mamba::He needs to use his teammates.
espnmb123::"Thank you refs for the win yesterday"  - Lakers Management, Lakers players, Lakers coaches, Lakers fans
The Injured Mamba::I really don't see Kobe getting his 6th.  Especially without Phil Jackson's help.
The Injured Mamba::102 - 96?  Sad.  The Lakers got away with one.
GI Joe With The Kung_Fu Grip::Hmm, I'm thinking the epitaph for this dead board should read: "Mitch Richmond"  On to Philly....
Baseline Move::lol
King Kadet::As a laker fan, we beat THE WIZARDS. Lets not celebrate a title yet. We have a real nba team again tomorrow
kobefor6rings2013::Agreed, the Lakers have a LONG way to go and made an indescribably bad coaching hire! Should have hired Phil at any cost!
HotdogSalesman2012::KOBE BREAKS MY HEART.  ALL THAT TALENT, SUCH A LET DOWN.  I DON"T THINK HE"S REALLY THAT GREAT OUTSIDE INDIVIDUAL PLAY
Mambaholic 33::I'm point to that because i have nothing else to say
kobefor6rings2013::I TYPE IN ALL CAPS BECAUSE I AM IMPORTANT!!!!
kobefor6rings2013::All of these Kobe haters that come on here and say that Kobe sucks are going to be hating life 5 years after he retires and is a FIRST BALLOT UNANIMOUS HOF'ER!!
HotdogSalesman2012::well there's michael
HotdogSalesman2012::some other names to think about  sam jones Earl Monroe  George Gervin
Baseline Move::I'm sure that's how a lot of Kobe's fans feel.
kobefor6rings2013::All very good players, NONE of them over Kobe!!
Baseline Move::Moncrief ... David Thompson ... Dennis Johnson ... Walter Davis ...
HotdogSalesman2012::dan majerle
HotdogSalesman2012::lol joke
kobefor6rings2013::Thunder Dan, LOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
HotdogSalesman2012::Oscar Robertson tops Kobe for sure
Baseline Move::They went to the Finals twice together, won one and lost one in 7 games to a Celtics team loaded with Hall of Famers.  Ooo, terrible.
kobefor6rings2013::Although if I want to win I take Kobe over Oscar ALL DAY. Oscar played with a PRIME Kareem Abdul Jabbar for several years and managed ONLY 1 ring!
kobefor6rings2013::Certainly possible. You have given me 3 or 4 that could be ahead of Kobe but not 8 (Jordan, West, Robertson).
kobefor6rings2013::One of your first logical comments. Reggie is a top 5 shooting guard of all time no doubt - just not ahead of Kobe. Better shooter for sure, not close as a defender in their prime.
HotdogSalesman2012::you have no right to comment on logic.  you are all emotional about this.
HotdogSalesman2012::JOE DUMARS
Baseline Move::One of my 'top 10 guys you want on your roster' for sure.  Probably the best guy at playing *either* point or 2 that I can remember, and pure class.
kobefor6rings2013::Dumars is not over Kobe. Dumars was a good shooting guard but probably not even top 10 ever. Don't forget he played with one of the best teams EVER!!
HotdogSalesman2012::Reggie Miller
Baseline Move::I can't respect a guy that couldn't even take his sister in pickup games.  In that era give me Andrew Toney over Reggie all day long.  Wait, Toney's peak didn't really overlap with Reggie's, I'll come up with another for the Reggie era.
HotdogSalesman2012::you really can't compare them.  Reggie in his prime versus Kobe's prime, also during different era's of play.   But I'm just saying MAYBE Reggie is top ten.
kobefor6rings2013::NOPE! Reggie was a very good player, not in Kobe's class!!
HotdogSalesman2012::MAYBE
HotdogSalesman2012::we're talking about overall basketball players right not just who has the silkiest highlights??
HotdogSalesman2012::Mitch Richmond
kobefor6rings2013::Mitch Richmond. LMAOROTF!!! Thank you for the dum**st comment I have heard in quite some time!!!
HotdogSalesman2012::RESPECT THE ROCK
kobefor6rings2013::Jordan and possibly Jerry West and that is about it for who could be over Kobe at the 2 guard!
Baseline Move::Definitions are the hard part.  Is your 'great' shooting guard somebody that will sell tickets for a crappy team by scoring a lot of points, or somebody that fits into a team concept and helps make a great team?  Because some kids, if you gave them a choice between Iverson and Dennis Johnson, will say it's an easy pick and take Iverson.  Where almost any G.M. would take D.J. in a heartbeat.
HotdogSalesman2012::jerry west
elibird54321::B. Scott.....LOL
Baseline Move::If you loved Showtime I wonder why you even put Kobe ahead of Byron Scott, a clearly superior shooter and teammate.
kobefor6rings2013::possibly (West and Jordan are the only 2 who could be mentioned ahead of Kobe at the 2 guard).
HotdogSalesman2012::clyde drexler
HotdogSalesman2012::kobefor6rings2013 - LOL!!!!!!!!!!!  yup
kobefor6rings2013::LOL!!!!!!!!!!!
HotdogSalesman2012::pistol pete
kobefor6rings2013::WRONG!!
kobefor6rings2013::Agreed on that. Name me 7 more??
HotdogSalesman2012::okay let me think
scabbfan::Stat line vs. 3-17 Wizards: Meeks -  9/14  &amp;  4/7 3's kobe    -  9/29  &amp;  1/8   Headline:  kobe leads lakers over wizards
adrien435::30 pts / 7 reb. / 7 asst/ 3 steals.... Not exactly the same stat line... But meeks was really good no question about it.
kobefor6rings2013::Hot dog salesman 2012 "Kobe is a top 10 shooting guard ever - like 9 or 10"  Please name the 8 shooting guards ahead of him (this ought to be very funny)!!
Mambaholic 33::everyone that shooting over 45% for there career....That list to long
spikeannoyed::just a selection , put in what ever order you want.   while you are doing this. Kobe is thinking about shooting some more
spikeannoyed::Earl Monroe  AI Reggie D Wade Drexler  George Gervin West Pete Maravich  Ray Allen
elibird54321::Like he said, "You can't name 8 ahead of him. The only one that would give him a run for the money on this list is West and Kobe has broken all of his records as a Laker
spikeannoyed::give us YOUR reasons why kobe is no.2 SG all time then.  there you go, someone looking for your opinion now
kobefor6rings2013::Still waiting - THOUGHT SO!!!!!!!!!
Wombat9938::Hey, you still got a little-bit of Kobe on the side of your mouth, just saying....
GI Joe With The Kung_Fu Grip::Get a grip, Kobe's Mom...they're just trolling.
kobefor6rings2013::The first year I attended NBA games in person was 1985 (9 years old) went to a Lakers vs Nuggets game, fell in love with Magic Johnson and Showtime!
kobefor6rings2013::You cannot name 8 can you Baseline Move??????? I rest my case!!!
kobefor6rings2013::Just like I thought a bunch of stu*id mother fu**ers!!
kobefor6rings2013::Still waiting - THOUGHT SO!!!
Baseline Move::Satisfy my curiosity, what was the first year you attended multiple NBA games in person?
kobefor6rings2013::Baseline Move - I rest my case.  Unless your 8 shooting guards who are better than Kobe are 1)Jordan 2)Jordan 3)Jordan 4)Jordan 5)Jordan 6)Jordan 7)Jordan 8)Jordan, you CANNOT name 8 shooting Guards who are better than Kobe, FACT!!
Baseline Move::I rest my case.
kobefor6rings2013::All you can do is name call, why can't you name me 8 shooting guards who are better than Kobe???? Could that be because there are NOT 8 that are better??? HMMMMMM????????????????
Baseline Move::You express yourself like an angry 7th grader, why do you expect anyone to care about your opinion enough to try to convince you?
kobefor6rings2013::It is a shame that we never got to see the Kobe vs LeBron NBA Finals we have all wanted for the past several years. When Kobe was making it 08-10, LeBron could not get his team there and now that LeBron is getting there yearly, Kobe and the Lakers cannot get there. BTW Kobe and LeBron are BOTH top 10 players of all time (Kobe is the 2nd best shooting guard ever and LeBron is the 2nd best small forward ever) so I always love these Kobe sucks or LeBron sucks comments!!
scabbfan::Lebron has always been better than kobe. kobe has never even been the best in any year. kobe has been the best at being on the most Super Teams.
HotdogSalesman2012::lebron is a wanker and should have signed up for football as a kid.
kobefor6rings2013::Which is why neither one of you are EXPERTS. ALL of the EXPERTS have Kobe top 10 ever and will have LeBron top 10 ever. Opinions are like A**holes, everybody has one!
Baseline Move::Oo, you mean guys like Stephen A?  Yeah, I wouldn't want that guy's opinion on what time to have dinner.
HotdogSalesman2012::kobe is a top ten shooting guard ever, not a top ten great. Top ten as in he's number 9 or 10.
kobefor6rings2013::Name 8 shooting guards better than Kobe (this ought to be comical)!!
kobefor6rings2013::You are a complete fu**ing mor*n!!
Baseline Move::I grudgingly agree that Kobe is in the top 5-10 shooting guards of league history, combining stats and career achievement.
Baseline Move::Exactly, Joe ... watch Durant jump 5 places in every media guy's personal list when he's playing and Kobe has been gone a few years.  Predictable as the tides.
GI Joe With The Kung_Fu Grip::I refuse to put any current player in the top ten out of principle.  It's hard to evaluate their career while they're playing...you need to be a few years removed to put it in perspective.
Baseline Move::Modern media guys and fanbois with no perspective, sure.  Guys who are still playing always get hyped like that, especially if they're in a media market like L.A.  Should I care, when forming my own opinion based on <i>watching them play</i>?
kobefor6rings2013::Epic fail. He is the 2nd best shooting guard ever on just about EVERYONE's list!
HotdogSalesman2012::doofus
kobefor6rings2013::Explain how! Present me with any logical argument to why LeBron and Kobe are not two of the BEST players ever. You are a complete fool!!
kobefor6rings2013::Hoping that this is not a Thunder vs Heat finals. The Thunder are taylor made for the Heat. The Heat will sweep them.
Lebron James MVPX3::Meeks was 9 for 14 and Kobe was 1 for 7 down the strech. He just couldn't let his teammate finish the deal.  Painful to watch this guy anymore
lifan36::You act like this happens often.
uncallday252::Glad the Lakers won, but does this one win, against a horrible Wizards team, mean that they deserve some sympathy. H#$l N@W
GI Joe With The Kung_Fu Grip::who cares about sympahty?
Lebron James MVPX3::Was Kobe really 9 for 29 vs The Wizards?  Impressive
GI Joe With The Kung_Fu Grip::Lebron James MVPX3 - Was Kobe really 9 for 29 vs The Wizards?  Impressive ===== Were you impressed when he shot 12-19 against the Spurs?  I wasn't....they lost the game.
lifan36::Lebron sucks.  Needed 3 tries to win 1.  Needed 2 tries with Wade and Bosh and was embarrassed by Dirk alone.
Baseline Move::Yeah, but Stern has his individual stars East v. West rivalry for years now with Lebron and Durant.
lifan36::Lebron sucked in the 2011 and 2007 finals.  You have to admit that.
kobefor6rings2013::I always love these stupid debates. LeBron does not suck, neither does Kobe (both will go down as top 10 players of all time - Kobe is already in the top 10 on just about every experts list and LeBron will be there soon). It's a shame we never got to see the LeBron vs Kobe Finals matchup we have all wanted. When Kobe was getting there, LeBron couldn't make it and now Kobe is to old and LeBron is making it.
Baseline Move::Go Dirk, people seem to give him no credit.  He was trying for a lot longer than Lebron to take that last step, good for him.
kobefor6rings2013::All I have to say is that LeBron needs 4 more rings to be in the discussion with Kobe for who is better on the all time list. Tim Legler has Kobe ranked 5th of all time, Skip Bayless 8th, Stephen A. Smith has him top 10, Bill Simmons (Kobe hater) has him 8th etc.....
Baseline Move::Why do you use a team stat to compare individuals?  Kobe would have zero rings as a career Hornet and you know it.
kobefor6rings2013::And playing with a bad back, something LeBron would not even attempt to do. LeBron would sit out at least 2 weeks with Back Spasms. Kobe is the only Laker playing worth a Cr*p this year which is why they are lousy!
Baseline Move::Spare me, there's nothing especially durable about Kobe vs. any other player.  He misses games, he's not a Karl Malone or Gary Payton.
Lebron James MVPX3::yeah.........I'm sure he'll win MVP smh
Baseline Move::And the guy guarding him was 5-for-17 .... I'm sure fans in attendance thought it was like watching English v. Gervin.
Lebron James MVPX3::lol
kobefor6rings2013::Lakers need to trade Gasol to the Knicks for Amare Stoudemire. Move would be great for both teams as Stoudemire and Melo do not play well together (Gasol and Melo would especially with Chandler there to make up for Gasol's defensive lapses) and Stoudemire knows Nash and D'Antoni well and thrived in Phoenix!
uncallday252::that would not be a good move, lets face it the only reason why Amare, Melo, and Chandler are not the best NBA frontcourt, is because of Melo, Melo is a dynamic player, but Melo has some ego issues that he needs to get worked out.
GI Joe With The Kung_Fu Grip::No thanks
rex_coach::lol
Baseline Move::Definitely would not.  As it stands, the Lakers have *one* guy under contract in 2014.  Nash.  Now they might say lots of optimistic things about contending now, but the reality is a complete rebuild is just over the horizon.  Don't screw it up by taking on NEW bad contracts now.
rex_coach::Tru
Ejner1::knicks owe amare too much $$
rex_coach::That move would put the Knickerbockers over the top...
GI Joe With The Kung_Fu Grip::if you think Gasol is "soft" on defense, wait till you see Amare.  No thanks
kobefor6rings2013::Would be a win-win move. Gasol and D'Antoni do not get along but Gasol would put the Knicks in the convo with the Heat in the East and Stoudemire would drastically improve the Lakers as he knows D'antoni's system in and out.
831Gangsta::Rex Ryan is an idiot
kobefor6rings2013::Anybody still think Phil Jackson is overrated???????????????????
GI Joe With The Kung_Fu Grip::Don't know if he's overrated, but I know he's not the answer to the Lakers' problems.
Baseline Move::I haven't thought that since Chicago, but I also don't think he'd get *this* lineup to a conference finals.
Baseline Move::I have a lot of doubt.  I think HE had a lot of doubt, and told Buss he'd have to have full roster control and 2 years and he *might* get Kobe back to a Finals before he's done.
kobefor6rings2013::He would get the lineup with Gasol, Nash, Howard and Kobe to the conference finals no doubt. He got the Shaq, Kobe, OLD Karl Malone and OLD Gary Payton to the NBA finals with nothing else on that team!!
Xenolith666::If the Lakers could play the Wizards every game.. they'd be best in the league!  Take that Haters!
speakmemory::Just came from the OKC/SAC thread - There were only 854 posts on that game- The Thunder are playing the best basketball in the NBA and have so few interested in it - Meanwhile this thread has 5000+, probably twice, three times that-  THIS CHATROOM SHOULD BE ABOUT BASKETBALL BUT INSTEAD IS FILLED WITH IRRELEVANT, IDLE CHATTER - Let's talk hoops, people!
rex_coach::You will reach 2 out of the 100 bloggers...
Baseline Move::Hate the Soonersonics, but without significant injury they're the clear favorite in the West.
dro1964::If you can handle the Washington Lizards, you mean bizness - bahahahaha.....
rex_coach::SNL could use your skills...
Cbt1988::is lizards an insult?
