Latece K Christmon::Steve Adams is like these Americans are soft.
Lance Baldwin::Westbrook & KD > any other duo in the nba. I think it's time to stop calling it a competition with anyone else because no other duo on their level.
Adam Youman::this is true. but duos dont win championships teams do
Lance Baldwin::I agree Adam. I do feel this is the best team the Thunder have had since moving to okc, but hopefully it's enough to win a championship.
Adam Youman::Lance Baldwin you might be right. i know theres alot of love for harden but reggie jackson is more efficient and doesnt take stupid shots like him. sure he doesnt score as much, but the thunder also have a quickly improving jeremy lamb next to him. also ibaka has gotten much much better on offense since the year they lost in the finals. this could be OKC's year
Shek Leone::okc need to drop perkins off the highway tonight or trade him for a bag of bagels,dude is useless,cant shoot reb or pass
Ayn Bland::I love Adams' troll-sense.
Latece K Christmon::Lol that dude is a troll!
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Westbrook is a pointguard grabbing 6 boards in the 1st quarter ....... Brook Lopez you watching?
Daniel Booth Jr.::What exactly is a Thundernugget?
Aaron Joel Hodge::Lets Go Nuggs!
Nick Falletta::all OKC has to do is stumble into the defense and throw their arms in the air and they get a foul every single time. it's pathetic the league allows this wussy crap to continue.
Anderson Daniel::You mad, bro?
Michael Woodlee::Both teams have shot 9 free throws wtf are you crying about little man?
Adam Youman::when durant is throwing his arms up like that its because he is bringing them up to shoot it but gets majorly hacked and hench his arms go flying. its clearly a foul
Lance Denning::I don't know Andre, bench-warming in OKC or big man on campus for an undefeated CU team... Guess the money is all that matters.
Matt Borba::He's started a couple games this year. Most recently 2 games ago.
Lance Denning::Matt Borba Out of 24 total games, 5 games playing more than 10 minutes, mainly in mop-up wins over Atlanta, Utah, etc.... 6-12 FGs, 3-4 FTs for the year so far, 16 total points. Hmmmm...
Coltt Breedlove::Lance Denning Thunder rookies never get minutes. The Thunder don't need rookies to come in and play big minutes, they only need them to come in when asked and provide what they are asked to provide. Nothing more. If he were playing for the Nuggets then he would probably get 20-30mins per game.
Jeffrey Hein::Hamilton is going to get a HUGE fine and suspension for the sucker PUNCH to Adams. Hopefully Adams is ok.
Lance Baldwin::Adams takes those hits like they are nothing. It's crazy how mad players get at him and he doesn't even care enough to look at them. Dude is a beast
Beau Wildrix::I'm an OKC fan, was at the game, and it was barely a punch... No way Hamilton gets fined.. I really don't think he should have been ejected either, but the rule is about intent.. and I guess his intent was to barely slap Adams in the chest lol
James Patrick::Beau Wildrix I agree Beau... Was at the game too and really didn't see much in it (though I wish they had replayed it on the big screen). Either way I thought the officiating was atrocious. I understand the OKC has name talent and the Nuggets don't but calls should be calls and the disparity is ridiculous. You don't see this in any other league yet in the NBA it's a point of pride "When you're KD you get those kinds of calls". It's a joke.
Evan Eberhardt::Seeing how the JAZZ outplayed the Nuggets at home I am not feeling too hot about this one.  Durant and Westbrooke are an incredible duo.
Zach Ware::I think the key for the Nuggs here is to score more points than the Thunder, if they do that their odds of winning go up tromendously.
Ben Delano::Zach Ware Nice
Trevor Howerton::Nick,  man you start whining about refs... lose all credibility.   Maybe 15  Denver  turnovers played a part?
Tommy Romeo::The Nuggets just aren't a good team with their awful new coach.  Shows how important coaching is.
Jeremy Bloom::It shows how important Andre Iguodala can be to a team.
Jake Pool::I've been stuck watching Chandler since DEPAUL god it gets old
John Jones::Oklahoma City might drop one to the Nuggets.  They are not a bad team.  Melo is on a bad team haha
Matt Boggus::Thunder Up!
Anderson Daniel::Thunder Up!!
Mason Wesley Lloyd::Russel Westbrook just looks like he wants to feast every time he plays Ty Lawson. Can't really blame him, he's like 6'4 going against someone who is 6'0, more likely 5'11. Ty is a great point guard, but he can't be great when he has to spend the whole night worrying about Westbrook. I get they had Foye guarding him for a while, but that forced him to guard a guy that was 6'6.  I'm expecting and hoping for a trade in the near future, hopefully not involving Faried, Lawson, or Gallo... Anyone else can go for the right price. gg thunder, really love the rivalry we have with you guys, even if you're on top for now. good luck.
Latece K Christmon::Denver should have kept their coach.
Mason Wesley Lloyd::Latece K Christmon Nope, disagree as do most Denver fans. The only thing we should have done different is not sign so many average players to long term contracts. If you watched the Nuggets at all this year, you'd know B-Shaw is doing a really great job.
Mason Wesley Lloyd::By the way, not saying Ty didn't have a monster game tonight (he did), but defensively it's just hard to ask him to guard Westbrook like that.
Adam Youman::Wow russell almost had quadruple double with points, rebounds, assists,.....and turnovers...come on russell 8 TO??? too many. tho some of them werent his fault like a couple of passes he threw that ppl for some reason couldnt catch
Beau Wildrix::Lol.. give him a pass on the 8 turnovers.. He had a great night.
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Westbrook can effect the game without bricking so many shots just by his presence alone. He is a point guard who can do everything you would expect an elite shooting guard to do. Rebound, pass, score, shoot, defend.
Ken Morris::Truth! If ever a low FG% was a non=factor it's Westbrook because he creates chaos for the other team all over the court...in the similar manner that Shaq's low FT% was never a big issue because he was so dominant in all the other areas!
Paul South::Ken Morris good comparison ken
Jake Shames::Love this win. Oklahoma City needs to prove they can win on the road consistently and the Pepsi Center is a great place to do that.
Jake Pool::Am I missing something about mozgov,or is this eurotrash a turnover machine
Tommy Romeo::He's really, really bad.
Alex Naeff::Tommy Romeo You clearly haven't been watching very many Nuggets games this year
Jake Pool::Ok Tommy,are you gonna justify his 8 pts and 6 boards and say he's extremely valuable big body and team player,he's a turnover machine
Adam Youman::Lol how long till russell starts averaging leading the thunder in rebounds
Matt Elmore::Wasn't the last time they played when the Nuggets missed like 10 FTs in the 4th to lose?
Spencer Smith::if ibaka has a good game they will win. Almost every time he's had a bad game, they lost.
Dustin V Webster::Eh, we've lost 4 games this year. One was when Westbrook was still out, one was to the Clippers when Ibaka got ejected (BS) early, and the other 2 were on the 2nd night of back-to-backs. No one has beaten this team when full and fresh.
