Chi.Twn.Native::Why do the celts pump crowd noise?!
NoSpycamNoRings::Boston sports sucks as usual......
newyorkse2004::All the upcoming games are easy for the Knicks, they can win them easily.
Jamaal 43::Can Woody please keep Kurt "Old Man Kurt" on the bench until the Knicks can dump him and get K-Mart smh
SRQisLegend::why doesn't lebron ever get fouled?
pibo01::He's PERFECT? (only kidding)
JCDish::why doesn't he ever dibble a basketball without traveling?
theflyeststar::i wonder what beyonce tastes like  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PGc9n6BiWXA  strawberries?
pibo01::How bout...strawberry-waffle-crisp-frappaccino!
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::waffle crisp
kidd n play::can bradley create his own shot?
furmywormy::I PASSED MY EXAMS!!! YESS!!!! Are you guys proud of me?
DanNYC2108::haha i knew you weren't alive when Reagan was president
furmywormy::you got me....Sorry man. I also don't hate you.
theflyeststar::yes, good s h i t furmywormy
kitastrophy34::If I'm not mistaken, I believe that the Eastern Conference teams have beaten the Western Conference teams more so far this season... anyone know?
RO7NY::all this talk about western dominance is simply posturing by OKC, SA, GS, Memphis, and Clipper fans.
kitastrophy34::Nope, they have
DanNYC2108::im surprised
DanNYC2108::i think you are mistaken
SRQisLegend::why does everybody think that you need a superstar to win a championship?
SRQisLegend::how come that is the case in basketball and not football
DanNYC2108::because there are so many more players on the field who can affect an outcome. also because they don't play series
bigapplemortgage::Because those 2 sports are completely different.  One guy can literally take over an NBA game.  That is impossible to do in the NFL because there is offense, defense, special teams and so many players need to do their job in order for others to excel.  There is no comparison.
bigapplemortgage::Only the 04 Pistons won a title without a Superstar player in the past 33 years.
DanNYC2108::because that has for the most part been the case for the NBA's entire history.
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::u need at least 1 superstar, 1 or 2 star/2nd option types, and a lot of role players.
theflyeststar::mj and the bulls changed the game
kidd n play::tyson,novak and kidd three players desperately missing felton
kidd n play::i meant to say kidd not sheed
theflyeststar::amare will have a field day with felton, they had great chemistry 2 years ago
kidd n play::yeah looks like he worked on that spin and going up with his left and he got a little jump hook
theflyeststar::yea amare is looking good, that olajuwon training made a huge difference, ive never seen look so smooth in the post, he's added a few moves down low and i love it lol
kidd n play::yeah and he looked great last night only 20 minutes 9 rebounds 2 blocks 15 points and took lil sully school
thenysport::I'm not having a political debate with someone who (most likely) has no qualifications whatsoever to be making comments of a political nature, and in fact went out of his way to critique my remark both out of context and without any further insight other than "You're wrong".    -Myceltis  ------------------------------------------------------------  <b> where are your qualifications about sports? Do you work for ESPN or any Sports related area? If the answer is no, than by your logic you should not talk about sports here. O yeah, little league coach doesn't count...</b>
MyCeltis_SMH::Here is the difference:  1) I'm not writing sports commentary on CNN political articles; 2)I'm not deluded into thinking I am qualified; 3) I know  that people do not care.  Although clearly you do, since you time and time again go out of your way to quote me, post it, and respond!  PEACE!
kidd n play::with felton leading the break and jr and shump on the wings this team is about to get a whole lot faster
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::forgot about Novie the Great too haha
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::yep.  Then when Sheed gets back...its going to be raining 3's
theflyeststar::ball don't lie
theflyeststar::i loved watching jr and iman together at the end of the game last night, they look great playing together on d and offense, so much athleticism
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::kinda unrelated, but I'm wondering if we'll see Josh Smith move to a contender before the trade deadline.  I'm thinking he'd be the difference on a team like Philly, Dallas, or somebody
DanNYC2108::i can picture the lakers trading howard for him and some pieces.
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::yeah that move makes a lot of sense.  Maybe Smith and Devin Harris for Pau and Artest or Meeks
rtbjr3000::Agreed.
theflyeststar::he'd be good in dantonis small ball offense
Sam_Cassells_Spaceship::The Celtics are a massive joke.  They are only going to make the playoffs because the Eastern Conference is pitiful.  I look forward to seeing the Heat destroy them again.  Hopefully, "THE SUPER DUPER STAR, AVERY BRADLEY" doesnt take over......................
kitastrophy34::and maybe Indiana.. they gave the heat a big headache last year
kitastrophy34::so really, the est has 1 less "major" contender
kitastrophy34::I don't think the c's have a chance
MyCeltis_SMH::kitastrophy34 - I don't think the c's have a chance  Well you sure as $@%! give off a different vibe than this comment does....
MyCeltis_SMH::By that logic,  who are the ONLY CONTENDERS in the east then?  Miami and.............
DanNYC2108::injuries happen every year. they could happen again. maybe wade gets hurt this time, who knows
Sam_Cassells_Spaceship::Boston lost against a Boshless Heat.
DanNYC2108::boston almost did win, and the knicks aren't boston, anything can happen
Sam_Cassells_Spaceship::Knicks aren't beating the Heat in the playoffs.  Boston fans said the same thing when they beat the Heat during the regular season.  Heat do not show up for the regular season.
DanNYC2108::i'm a homer, but i think its the knicks
Sam_Cassells_Spaceship::Nobdoy is beating the Heat in the EC.
kitastrophy34::bulls imo
kitastrophy34::golden state?? are you serious.. the spurs and the clippers are the only other contenders in the West
DanNYC2108::the west is better, but its not as big a difference as people think. The 8th seed in the west is 22-22 and in the east its 20-22. I'd put my money on the heat, but not my life
MyCeltis_SMH::DanNYC2108 - not really, Miami didn't exactly breeze through the East last year. and the Knicks and Nets are better than last year. so who knows?  Right again.  I agree, and to restate: theres still half a season left, and anything can happen.   But would you not agree that the EC is a joke compared to the west?  If the playoffs were tomorrow.....would there be ANY DOUBT as to who would win it?
Sam_Cassells_Spaceship::Miami was injured the entire playoffs and still won.  Bosh was gone for the entire Indy and most of the Boston series.  Wade was running at 70% the entire playoffs.  They STILL WON.
DanNYC2108::not really, Miami didn't exactly breeze through the East last year. and the Knicks and Nets are better than last year. so who knows?
MyCeltis_SMH::DanNYC2108 - yea, Golden state is good, but young and injury prone, not a good combo. very fun to watch though  I agree.  As I said, I feel the thunder will win it all.  It is not however outside of the realm of possibility.    What IS outside of the realm of possibility is pretty much every team in the EC making it.
DanNYC2108::yea, Golden state is good, but young and injury prone, not a good combo. very fun to watch though
MyCeltis_SMH::I WILL SAY there is half a season left, so anything can change.  But if the playoffs were tomorrow, they would be a joke.  I mean realistically we've got a couple of teams that COULD make it to the finals.  In the west pretty much every playoff team has a semi-realistic shot of gettin to the finals.    While I think the Thunder will take it all, its not out of the realm of possibilities for the Spurs, or the Clippers, or GS, or any of those teams to make it.    In the east we got: Miami, Nets, knicks, Bulls (if D-Rose is actually healthy) and MAYBE our Celtics if they get their $@%! together.
NY NBK Far Superior 09::lmao Nets
MyCeltis_SMH::Last time I checked it wasn't our Celtics...
Sam_Cassells_Spaceship::You still cant read.  I never said they would win the Finals.  I said they have a free ride to the Finals.  There hasn't been a team in the WC with a losing record in how long?    Boston Education at it's finest.
kitastrophy34::Sam_Cassells_Spaceship - It is a joke because a losing record will get you the 8th seed.  Heat have a free ride to the Finals because of how awful the rest of the East is.  You're a moron, there could very well be a team in teh Western Conference with a losing record as well... do you're homework nub!
DanNYC2108::Just saying, the 8th seed in the west is 22-22 and in the east is 20-22, so not much of a difference
Sam_Cassells_Spaceship::It is a joke because a losing record will get you the 8th seed.  Heat have a free ride to the Finals because of how awful the rest of the East is.
kitastrophy34::he said the eastern conference is a joke....
kitastrophy34::Last time I checked, the Eastern Conference won the NBA finals last year...
kitastrophy34::how many NBA championships do you have to get before you're not a "joke?"
MyCeltis_SMH::^Ironic post is ironic.
furmywormy::Yeah the team with the most rings and basically created the NBA is a joke...ESPN boards reek of envy and unintelligence.
Sam_Cassells_Spaceship::Lets look at some Celtics fan logic.  Celtics don't suck in 2013 because they were good 25 years ago.    DELUSIONAL.
DanNYC2108::he didn't say the team WAS a joke, or HAS ALWAYS BEEN a joke. he said ARE a joke.
bigapplemortgage::The Celtics are the greatest franchise in history in terms of titles, there is no debating that.  That in mind, this season's outcome has no relation to the amount of banners hanging nor the number of ex-players in the HOF.
Sam_Cassells_Spaceship::You say i am lacking intelligence, yet you bring up things that have happened in the past, like they matter today.  Celtics are GARBAGE today.  Try to keep up.    Larry Bird ain't walking through those doors.    You are a joke, just like most Celtics fans.
kitastrophy34::Patrick Ewing's mom was an ape.. better?
bigapplemortgage::No actually that's terrible.
kitastrophy34::lol
thenysport::"Lebron's better"  "No, Kobe's better"  -Typical ESPN blog debate  These debates are pointless. Does anyone actually walk into these blogs saying, "Hey, you know what I'm going to keep an open mind and see what these "experts" have to say on the blog?." Then I will make my decision. NOPE. You guys are wasting your time.
JCDish::Go SPURS ... juss sayin
MyCeltis_SMH::Pointless commentary on pointless commentary.  While I don't disagree, the irony is not lost on me.
thenysport::In my opinion talking about the 20-22 Celtics is pointless commentary
rtbjr3000::So you went that far to say a whole lot of nothing?
rtbjr3000::No problem, i love helping people in distress.
thenysport::I feel bad that you wasted your time by responding
rtbjr3000::Of course, just to let you know your point was pointless.
thenysport::Yep, so your responded to a whole lot of nothing?
DanNYC2108::like you aren't wasting your time as well
DanNYC2108::thats the idea
thenysport::I never said you were not allowed to. I'm just telling you that you are
DanNYC2108::so you're allowed to and we aren't?
thenysport::I am wasting my time. This is my day off
furmywormy::Good man.
bigapplemortgage::You are correct 95% of the time but there is a small minority of level headed and knowledgeable fans discussing real sports.
thenysport::more like  &lt;1%
bigapplemortgage::This is a thread about Boston vs New York, I've been here almost 10 minutes and haven't seen a troll, an argument about other sports and mindless name calling.  What gives?
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::they left for lunch. Trolls gotta eat too haha
kitastrophy34::hahahaha
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::lol
bigapplemortgage::Good point.  I was unaware that trolls ate.  I thought they fed off the attention they seek on these threads.
kitastrophy34::Hey man, I just didn't like Starks thats all.. ahahah
furmywormy::Starks are a good family. Made of ice :)
kitastrophy34::What is the game of the month to go to in February?  I will be in NYC from the 5th to the 24th
kitastrophy34::after going to the nba finals, the season ticket prices went up a lot too
kitastrophy34::Tickets went up a lot over the last 3 years...
bigapplemortgage::Probably over $200/ticket and best bet is a ticket broker.  Be prepared to get raped though.
bigapplemortgage::That's shocking to me.  No offense to OKC, I've never been there, but nothing should cost the same in OKC as in NYC.
kitastrophy34::bout what they going for in OKC so damn expensive....
kitastrophy34::how much are good 100 section tickets going for there, and what is the best way to go about getting the tix
DanNYC2108::i would checkout stubhub, but be prepared to pay a lot
kitastrophy34::with all the trade bs roomers aside westbrook for rondo.... do boston fans think that would be as horrible of a trade as okc fans think?
Sugar Ray Robinson::Thats a horrible trade for Boston, Rondo is far superior to Westbrook.
imissoakley::i think westbrook makes OKC a slightly one dimentional offensive team, with alot of isolations and one on ones and jump shots.As talented as he is this style becomes easy to guard for teams like Miami. Rondo, in the long term, could have that team more balanced and well orchestrated - a far more difficult thing to stop on the defensive end.
kitastrophy34::furthermore, without westbrook I don't think OKC would come outta the West
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::definitely not this yr, no.  They'd need time to gel and retool the offense a bit.  Defensively they'd actually be a bit better, so they'd still compete.  Plus Rondo wants to play fast paced offensively, his talent is suited to it.  But when you play with Pierce and KG, that's kind of impossible
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::Knicks fan, and I think its a great trade for both.  BOS needs a scorer that isn't pushing senior citizen status.  He's upped his assists to 8 this yr, and his upside is just tremendous.  Meanwhile OKC gets slightly worse for right now, but they do get a PG that can truly make Durant even better.
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::agreed.  Westbrook is my fav PG in the league right now.  I hate when people say Rose is better, because imo they are almost the exact same player.  I think without Russell, OKC would struggle initially, but Rondo isn't a slouch either.  They have enough scoring talent (Martin, Ibaka) outside of Durant that Rondo would be able to highlight eventually.  Shot distribution would be a lot smoother.  For Bos, they'd get a young scorer who just needs solid bigs to clean the class and score in the post.  The rest would just be fill-ins/role players
kitastrophy34::I think without Westbrook the Thunder become a far less aggressive team.  I think Westbrook would be the leading scorer on 90% of the NBA teams if he were to leave okc
kitastrophy34::As a OKC fan, I say hellno.  I have heard a lot of boston fans that wouldn't take westbrook though
bigapplemortgage::Those are likely Boston homers who are unable to be objective.  Now don't get me wrong, as much of a $@%!$@ as Rondo is, he is an excellent player.  I just prefer Westbrook.
bigapplemortgage::I never heard of this rumor, is this accurate or are you just throwing out a trade scenario?  I don't care for either team and think both players are excellent but I would NOT trade Westbrook to receive Rondo even though I think Rondo is valuable.
kitastrophy34::Its a rumor,  http://bleacherreport.com/articles/967389-nba-trade-rumors-could-a-rondo-for-westbrook-swap-be-a-mutual-solution   http://www.nba.com/bulls/news/smith_120102.html
DanNYC2108::i think boston would say yes, and okc would say no
thenysport::MyCeltis_SMH thenysport - what was dumb about trickle down and 5% unemployment?    Oh i dunno, maybe the long term effects that we are feeling in part today?    Everyones always quick to point numbers from past presidencies, and rarely consider how their policies impacted the future (and the future of the past is...today!)  -----------------------------------------------  <b> I'm not sure but have we had trickle down for 30 years? Did Clinton's policies have trickle down in them? President change and so do ideas. Reagan took Jimmy Carter's disaster and turned it around. If companies have more money than they will hire. More workers=more production=more profit. </b>
MyCeltis_SMH::Dude....that is NOT what I said, AT ALL.  What I said was simply that people post statistics of things working in the past, and always fail to take into account future effects of said actions.  Whatever.  I came here to $@%!$ about how hard my Celtics are sucking, not get into it with someone who believes rich people want him to have their money.    I'm not having a political debate with someone who (most likely) has no qualifications whatsoever to be making comments of a political nature, and in fact went out of his way to critique my remark both out of context and without any further insight other than "You're wrong".    If you have a degree in political science I will defer to you.  Although then again.....if you had a degree in political science, you'd probably be you know, working in politics instead of making political commentary on an ESPN BLOG.    I mean just from a logical standpoint, if you're so on point politically, why aren't you working in such a capacity?  Clearly your insights are GENIUS!  Why haven't you been picked up by an aspiring candidate yet to form their stances  If this is the only venue where your political opinions get ANY SORT of response, that pretty much tells me your political "insights" mean dick.    Once again know your audience.  This is ESPN BLOG.  If your insights are so ground breaking, make your own blog and get noticed.  Peace.
thenysport::K i read thru. Hey if you want to attack me personally that's fine. you still didn't answer my question. Your wrong about trickle down, and your distracting everyone by attacking me
DanNYC2108::you insist upon having "intellectual" conversations, and you can't even bother to read a well thought out response just because its a little long? yikes.
thenysport::Do you honestly expect me to read all of that?
DanNYC2108::what he said^
furmywormy::thenysport is right. What's the problem?
furmywormy::Oh this isn't North Korea... I had no idea. You are a genius ;)
DanNYC2108::Run for office, start a protest, create a blog. This is America not North Korea.
furmywormy::We can't do anything about it, that's the other point....Knicks suck what else is there to say about it?? Bottom line is fans don't consider you quality until you win championships...
thenysport::you are the only one complaining
DanNYC2108::if they matter so much than do something about it, don't just b!tch about it to people who don't want to hear it
thenysport::true story
furmywormy::Yeah, and we can't talk about relevant things that matter more than Melo's ringless regular season win?
DanNYC2108::the problem is this is espn
DanNYC2108::go away
DanNYC2108::my response is to tell you to go away, if that isn't insightful enough for you, then don't respond
thenysport::you said trickle down theory has not worked based on whats going on today. Was Clinton a president from 1980-2013?
thenysport::If you have nothing insightful to bring into this topic than don't respond.
MyCeltis_SMH::DanNYC2108 - go away  ^^^ This guy.  I didn't even say Clinton was better anyway so.....you're really inferring a lot from a comment saying to NOT infer a lot about stuff....
furmywormy::They always say to Boston fans : Don't live in the past!!  Ok, lets go to now and in recent years. Boston has 3 SB wins, 2 World Series, an NBA championship, and a Stanley cup since 2000. Talk about happy days. Hows that for a fact? Not to mention our consistency as well, making the playoffs year in year out or even Superbowls and records on records. Boom hows that for living in the present? Haters are little bugs, small and brainless. Try to suck blood from successful cities in stead of rooting for their own teams...haha pathetic..
kitastrophy34::one of the best sports cities in the nation for sure
DanNYC2108::umm, thats still the past
MyCeltis_SMH::furmywormy - Yep, professional sports nonetheless. You must not watch enough. ;) Happy days where I am sitting, you seem like you could use some tissues over there though.  I love how winning the Super Bowl makes the Celtics not suck.  I want the Celtics to win more than any other team, including those of my hometown (Knicks, Nets).  But  we are playing horribly.    In order to win, we need to not play horribly.  The pats dont need to win a superbowl for the Celtics to be good, any more than the Knicks/Nets need the giants to win.    Plus the Pats/Giants/Jets are all out anyway.  AND the giants have won within that time frame.  This stuff is honestly so irrelevant I wonder if you're just saying stuff just to say it and laugh that we are trying to challenge your illogical stand points.    It makes so little sense that I am convinced you are an amazing troll.
DanNYC2108::umm my team won
furmywormy::Yep, professional sports nonetheless. You must not watch enough. ;) Happy days where I am sitting, you seem like you could use some tissues over there though.
DanNYC2108::um thats football.
furmywormy::Your Jersey Giants proved everyone wrong including themselves 2 years and 2 wins! Why can't an 8th seed win? And who knows, they could move up to 4 or 5 seed with half the season left....You are so shallow. I hate you too. Only because you said you hate me.
DanNYC2108::how many times has an 8th seed won the title? (here's a hint, never). And i don't hate boston, i hate you. big difference
furmywormy::And at this rate, Celtics will be an 8th seed. haha you must not watch sports very often. Funny how people in New York hate Boston more than they actually like their own teams....they are so pathetic. or at least, the ones like you are. I mean, you so clearly demonstrated this to all of us.
DanNYC2108::you can say whatever you want.  you have to be in the playoffs to win a title, so yes records do matter
furmywormy::Cool, then I can say the same about the Knicks? We beat them without Rondo at NY. The season isn't over yet so records don't matter. Rings is all players play for and they all say it.
MyCeltis_SMH::DanNYC2108 - umm, thats still the past  Dude I'm a Celtics fan (born and raised in NY by the way) and I could not agree more.  Our Celtics suck atm, and there is really no other way to slice it.
DanNYC2108::i never said any of that. you said people tell you not to live in the past, then you proceed to live in the past. you are the one contradicting yourself
furmywormy::then why do players play for rings today if the past doesn't matter? Nice contradiction. If you win a championship today, it doesn't matter tomorrow..Yeahh good one...
G.Patey::The NBA gets preferential treatment. I have watched a few games. Talk about travelling and palming the ball. Then again, I might as well be living in the 1980's.
SRQisLegend::lebron gets so much preferential treatment from the refs it's ridiculous  the dude never gets fouled
furmywormy::I would love to talk about sports but it's impossible when you get hate feedback in stead of intelligent input. "Boston sucks so much wahh wahh wahh."   ^That's all I see on boards now a days
MyCeltis_SMH::Once again, I'm a Celtics FAN, and if you cannot see how the Celtics are sucking right now....you must not be watching the same games I am.    We lost to the Cavs.  I dunno what having more rings since 2000 has to do with the Celtics currently sucking.  That was only 13 years ago no big deal, its not like none of those players play for us now right?  Oh wait.
furmywormy::Relax, man. A few games below .500 with half a season left. Why can't you let time tell? Maybe they can turn it around?
thenysport::most arguments lack logic as well. "Kobe is better than Jordan" 5 MVPS to 1. 6 FInals MVps to 2.
DanNYC2108::maybe if boston didn't suck you wouldn't see it so much
furmywormy::You are way ahead of me in the sucking department because I get sucked I don't suck. I don't why you can't face reality. You are so sad. And the Knicks suck...They can't win championships.
DanNYC2108::fine, if you insist upon sucking i guess i can't stop you
furmywormy::haha speak for yourself. All you have is the Yankees. Fair enough they are quality. But that city is not well rounded at all, full of drama, and bandwagoners everywhere
DanNYC2108::dude, stop sucking
furmywormy::1973....yeahh can't really talk can you?
DanNYC2108::don't suck so much
furmywormy::Knicks lost to the Celtics so does that mean they suck? And it's all about rings right? Boston has more rings than any city cince 2000 taking into account distribution between all 4 main sports teams. New York is combined with New Jersey for like 10 teams...Also, still half a season left. Don't be so shallow.
DanNYC2108::they are under .500 in the Eastern conference. hows that for a fact?
furmywormy::There you go^ Never any facts to back it up because the facts are in Boston's favor.
kitastrophy34::I thought Tyson Chandler should have been an All-Star this year.. any thoughts?
MyCeltis_SMH::?? What?  I dont really get what that means at all.  he got selected to all star reserve team.   The people who select reserves are NOT us, they are coaches and such.
kitastrophy34::so even though he is a fill in that is considered being an all star then i guess.. .kk
kitastrophy34::http://www.nba.com/allstar/2012/players/index.html  kk someone give me a link...
MyCeltis_SMH::You are reading the 2012 all star selection man.  Look at your link, dwight howard is on the east.  http://espn.go.com/blog/dallas/mavericks/post/_/id/4693909/ex-mav-tyson-chandler-gets-first-all-star-invitation
diwalkah::Good call, tc has been a staple in the knicks winning.
MyCeltis_SMH::Nah hes reserve.  That means a bit more IMHO though, considering starters are a popularity contest and reserves are named by people who (for the most part) actually know what the $@%! they're talking about.    I mean when Dwight Howard gets named starter in the west....speaks volumes about starters.
kitastrophy34::Chandler isn't an all start this year then is he?
MyCeltis_SMH::I personally think Brook Lopez unquestionably deserved to be an all star, and that Tyson Chandler was not that far behind him.  So I would agree had Lopez been named as well.  Lopez has something like the 5th/6th highest PER in the ENTIRE NBA.  He was ahead of CP3 I believe, which is insane.
kitastrophy34::he is?  I thought he didn't get invited
DanNYC2108::he is
kitastrophy34::I didn't see him on the list...  http://www.nba.com/allstar/2012/players/index.html  just realized he is a fill in
DanNYC2108::what? i said "HE IS"
kitastrophy34::so he isn't an all star and you're a knicks fan?
furmywormy::He's right, we haven't had a good president since Ronald Reagan
incognito302::The disparity of Social economic classes..The Gap is unreal..He opened the door for Big Business to run amuck..Clinton wasn't too much better he set up all types of NAFTA deals, thats why the jobs are overseas..We don't feel the effect of Presidential decisions for years after...Learn something.
incognito302::Reagan was one of the worst President ever.. Trickle down was the dumbest ish ever, he was an Actor not fit to be President.  Lincoln sucked too..he didn't care about slaves, all he cared about was preserving the union...
MyCeltis_SMH::thenysport - what was dumb about trickle down and 5% unemployment?  Oh i dunno, maybe the long term effects that we are feeling in part today?  Everyones always quick to point numbers from past presidencies, and rarely consider how their policies impacted the future (and the future of the past is...today!)
thenysport::what was dumb about trickle down and 5% unemployment?
thenysport::i agree furm
G.Patey::Grenada wasn't a high point but thanks for the kudos.
DanNYC2108::haha you weren't even alive for Reagan
MyCeltis_SMH::DanNYC2108 - am i wrong?  lol amazing pwnage.
furmywormy::Completely
DanNYC2108::am i wrong?
furmywormy::Do you know me?
G.Patey::Howard is the latest to get dumped on. Seems Shaq went through the same ritual. $@%!$ about those amoungst you. They will bite you.
thenysport::"We don't have a trillion-dollar debt because we haven't taxed enough; we have a trillion-dollar debt because we spend too much."   -Ronald Reagan  He understood 30 years ago what our politicians can't today. Crazy...
incognito302::Dude your an idiot...Reagan was one of the worst President ever.. Trickle down was the dumbest ish ever, he was an Actor not fit to be President.  Lincoln sucked too..he didn't care about slaves, all he cared about was preserving the union......Plus this is a sports blog..
kitastrophy34::go to the onion and talk smack then
kitastrophy34::This is ESPN not CNN
DanNYC2108::then start your own website or GTFO
thenysport::the media is dead not going there
kitastrophy34::cool story bro, people don't wanna talk about that here... politics don't make friends they make fights!
DanNYC2108::thats why i came here, to talk about sports.
furmywormy::Maybe this website is the irrelevant one.
DanNYC2108::its not relevant at all
furmywormy::It's relevant actually. No wonder our country is in turmoil.
thenysport::And debating on LeBron and Kobe is friendship and not fighting?
DanNYC2108::go out and run for office then, just go away
DanNYC2108::i'd like to, but since this is just a sports website, i'll tell you to shut up
thenysport::I don't know. Are you?
DanNYC2108::oh no, am i taking away your civil liberties?
thenysport::Censorship is a scary thing
DanNYC2108::we're telling you to shutup
thenysport::People are responding so their is an audience here
MyCeltis_SMH::thenysport - nothing funny about our national debt  You're right.  See, if you were paying attention, I said that your comments were funny.    You know where I write my commentary on political issues?  On political websites.  Know your audience amigo.
thenysport::nothing funny about our national debt
DanNYC2108::then go to foxnews.com
MyCeltis_SMH::thenysport - Than ignore me  I like responding to funny comments more than ignoring them
furmywormy::I'd rather discuss things that are relevant, than argue about which player is weaker Melo or Wade.
DanNYC2108::no, i'll do more than that
thenysport::Then ignore me
MyCeltis_SMH::thenysport - There are more important things than talking about sports. None of these guys care about you or this country.  lmao then why the $@%! are you on a sports blog?
DanNYC2108::YOU ARE ON A SPORTS WEBSITE YOU FOOL
thenysport::There are more important things than talking about sports. None of these guys care about you or this country.
furmywormy::Knicks won a basketball game. Yippeee now it's time for them to win a ring but that seems to be where the main issue lies in New York.
Kobe Brick Mason::LeBron is the GOAT because he is the only player in the NBA who walks or pushes his way to the basket to make a layup and/or get fouled.
kitastrophy34::hating on the best player in the NBA is cool dude
BomaniJonesAffirmativeAction1::key word: walks. im glad you see he travels every single drive to the basket. because we all do
santaclaus1436::Yeah pretty easy when you're pretty much bigger than everybody else.
G.Patey::ya, alot of northeast comments on here. Maybe show some love for the Clippers and Warriors?
Kobe Brick Mason::LMAO
DanNYC2108::is this guy serious?
G.Patey::Typical Canadian who put a hole in a corn basket and look what it has become :)
MyCeltis_SMH::I mean you did come to a conversation that is  about a game that took place between the Knicks-Celtics.....  I dunno what you were expecting lol.
BomaniJonesAffirmativeAction1::the clippers have fans? oh yeah, ex laker fans who panic. west coast is irrelevant
kitastrophy34::Ordering the Kegs for the superbowl party wooooot!
Kobe Brick Mason::Great game to watch.
MyCeltis_SMH::Will Ron Paul be there?
kitastrophy34::lol
BomaniJonesAffirmativeAction1::lot of drinking for your mom, your sister, and your incestuous cousin
kitastrophy34::ahh butt hurt?  cry..
kitastrophy34::9'ers or ravens?
psfrag262410::I don't understand why Melo keeps saying there's not grudges. There should be grudges. KG plays on a rival team.
santaclaus1436::As much as I hate to say this ,Miami still has a easy path to the finals
furmywormy::Nice opinion. You could be right.
thenysport::"Maybe if I defend my favorite team/player on ESPN's blog maybe they will care about me."  -typical fan
Pete Carroll likes to Dance::Doc needs to not worry about the Bass contract and keep him on the bench...
MyCeltis_SMH::I unliked this just to like it a second time.    1 for 3 from a starting PF  with 2 (TWO) rebounds?  Bench time.
SRQisLegend::melo sonned kg and da celts last night  boston is wack
furmywormy::crickets..
furmywormy::If the Celtics are soo bad then why did the Knicks barely win? And why did the Celtics beat the Knicks in NY without Rondo? Just saying. So much contradiction on these boards. Myself included.
sports_IQ::NYK won with 3 key players missing...BOS lost with the their ENTIRE team healthy...
BomaniJonesAffirmativeAction1::its the NBA man. they dont play defense until the 4th
DanNYC2108::because its basketball, most games are close. the celtcs are bad because of their record
niltig::Melo and JR combined 14/44. Rest of team 18/39. When the h3ll is Woodson going to wake up and realize that the TEAM will not survive if the offense is continue this way. The only reason they won is because Boston SUCKS!!!!!!
sports_IQ::Yeah, that made me yell like crazy too as all I picture is it being a playoff game and this nutty mofo JR just keep chucking and Woodson leaving him in...and then leaves STAT on the bench with 15 and 9 in 18 minutes...he has to stop letting JR and Melo at times shoot us outta games.
Kobe Brick Mason::That is why the Kicks only won by 3 points, they should won by 18 and rested their starters in the 4th quarter. Jacking up 28 3 pointers is stupid.
theflyeststar::fg% means nothing, players who are scared to shoot have a great fg%, players who make big shots at crucial times during a game win no matter how low their fg% is, winning &gt; fg%
sources says::JR had the clutch 3 and clutch defense on Pierce to win the game
DanNYC2108::i'll trust woodson's judgement
MyCeltis_SMH::JR was 3 for 16 lol.    JR is no All Star IMO.
MyCeltis_SMH::DanNYC2108 - i don't think you watch enough  Ya you're definitely right.  Not like I watch every single ball game the Knicks play since, as I live in NY, it's one of two teams I get to watch on TV.  Not like hes shooting 39.9% for the season or anything silly like that...oh wait
DanNYC2108::i don't think you watch enough
MyCeltis_SMH::BomaniJonesAffirmativeAction1 - hes better than any 2 guard on the C's  Ok....so being better than the celtics (who are playing horribly) makes him an all star?  I also dont think hes an all star for many reasons, the primary one being his poor shot selection.  This game did not make or break the case.   Clearly others agree, otherwise he would be an all star.    He COULD be an all star.  From what I watch however, it seems he chooses not to be.
DanNYC2108::he leads the league in points off the bench, one game shouldn't make or break his allstar case
BomaniJonesAffirmativeAction1::hes better than any 2 guard on the C's
BomaniJonesAffirmativeAction1::defense wasnt bad
fokman::I love how Marv called out the fraud crowd reactions that the Celtics always use.
Liu Kang Baking A Pie::Here's the bottom line:  50 cent &gt; Eminem  Check the lyrics
BomaniJonesAffirmativeAction1::please. without eminem there would be no 50 cent
sports_IQ::Em would make Fitty want to quit rapping if he got serious....Fitty is only on Em's level album sales wise, not in the same universe lyrically...you serious???   LOL
sources says::how old are you? dre had albums way before Em. It ain't nothing to pay someone to write your lyrics.
BomaniJonesAffirmativeAction1::without em dre wouldnt have any lyrics
theflyeststar::without dre there would be neither
Kobe Brick Mason::How many college grads here working for less?
furmywormy::Apparently KG apologized to Melo for his mother remarks by letting Melo try on his championship ring. You know, Melo wants to know what it feels like to be a champion, even if its only for a second.
sources says::KG was bumped first round every yr when he was d man.
furmywormy::KG is still a champion...2008 king
BomaniJonesAffirmativeAction1::his wife, not mother. took KG over a decade to win a ring. ill take my chances with melo soon
furmywormy::Good luck with that.
SRQisLegend::melo won a title at cuse  he sonned kg last night, too
sports_IQ::Yes, and KG didn't have grades to get accepted to any college and why he went directly to the NBA since he would've had to play JuCo....LOL
furmywormy::Melo won a title at cuse....exactly
SRQisLegend::amare is a lot better at rebounding this year, too  he needs to use that height for more than scoring if he wants to remain a force in this game
Kobe Brick Mason::Heat or Bulls with DRose out of the East
DanNYC2108::Its the Heat or the Knicks, thats it
TheWyseWon::Indiana an outside chance...Celtics with a trade or 2, alos an outside chance
furmywormy::You'll have to get through the Celtics first. Good prediction though.
BomaniJonesAffirmativeAction1::bulls are better without d rose
sources says::Knicks
theflyeststar::knicks
furmywormy::Sorry but the Celtics are winning it all this year...  ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE ---- KG  Go C's
MyCeltis_SMH::It definitely IS possible, IF they step the $@%! up.  Continue to play at this caliber and it is straight up impossible.  You really think our Celtics could take on the Thunder right now playing how they are?    THEY LOST TO THE CAVS!!!!  I love my Celtics but something needs to be done.  And soon too.
BomaniJonesAffirmativeAction1::they got a chess team named celtics too?
furmywormy::No.
SRQisLegend::why hasn't amare ever been the type to stress defense?
Kobe Brick Mason::no
SRQisLegend::do you think he can play it if he wanted to, though?
BomaniJonesAffirmativeAction1::of course. but his mind is like jello when it comes to word defense. i bet he cringes
theflyeststar::yea, he's already improved this season on both ends
BomaniJonesAffirmativeAction1::two words: D'antoni system
theflyeststar::he played for dantoni for most of his career
Kobe Brick Mason::Kobe will play another 6 years but as a sidekick, right now he is learning that valuable lesson.
sources says::obsessed with Kobe lately?
thenysport::Sports is pointless entertainment. If you care about your favorite sports team losing more than the fact that the government is taking away our liberties. Than you are a sad individual.
Kobe Brick Mason::Constitution being shredded.
Pete Carroll likes to Dance::we care about it, we don't want to talk about it right now
thenysport::don't generalize. Speak for yourself. You don't apply
DanNYC2108::i want to talk about sports on a sports website.
DanNYC2108::flagged
thenysport::flag me than if you must. I'll speak of liberty wherever I go. First amendment baby
DanNYC2108::fine, i'll just flag you until you go to foxnews.com
thenysport::than don't respond to me
thenysport::For furmy I include the patriot act and assault riffle ban to start
