Trisa Perry::Free Jimmer
Alek Bohigian::I can't wait until we free him to a new team!!!  I wish him the best but he is the 5th best guard on this team and isn't going to be getting any playing time any time soon.
Christopher Blake Wiley::Who does Utah want to give up for him? How about McLemore/Salmons' expiring and the Jimmer Kimmel Show for Hayward? Probably not, huh?
Scott Lau::I rather trade Salmons with Jimmer. We need a good SF in our team.
Scott Carter::Where are all the Demarcus Cousins haters now??
JB Ferguson::He  was ballin last  night! My dude BMac didn't do much but he wasn't scared to take some shots. This Kings team is only going to get better and  better!!!
Usc Josh::Just beat the LAKERS, that's all I ask!
Ian Denchasy::I'm a huge Clippers fan, but Cousins is a BEAST. Sac is right to build around him. And, all in all, I thought he kept his cool all night when he probably would've blown a gasket in past seasons. The Kings are going to be a tough night for anyone.
Eric Lopez::Clippers will win this one 117-95. Go Clippers! I think the Kings will make the Playoffs this year but a low seed. I will go with 7th seed. They still need a little more work to do.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Wow that was an exciting home opener. Cousins was clutch in the last 5 mins, he was pretty much beast mode all game. If kings play like this and hopefully improve as the season goes on, we have a great chance of getting 7 or 8th seed. Kings win this by a close margin again. Predict the final score to be 90-93 !
Jay Dee::Put Jimmer in and we WIN!!!!!
Dale Hammers::pretty sure Jimmer's being cut isnt he?
Will Schmitz::NBA Fantasy draft at 12:00am ET (11:00pm CT) tonight. It's a 16-team league, so help me out and join, please!  http://games.espn.go.com/fba/tools/join?leagueId=278823
Christopher Blake Wiley::The Clippers are straight up dirty: they bait players and clearly were the refs favorites from the outset. Many of those calls were questionable (at best). Particularly the change of possession that Blake Ginger clearly touched. There wasn't evidence to reverse the original call and it ended up turning the tide of the game: BS. Paul, Ginger, and Jordan (especially) OPENLY push, shove, and hold ALL game but the Kings somehow lose of being in the penalty twice? Busch League Sega stuff, man.  So was letting them shoot 50% from field though, I guess. Screw the Clippers bandwagon anyway.
Christopher Blake Wiley::"because of being in the penalty twice" Sorry.
Dave Gigante::3 things I have learned about the Clippers this year:  1. Deandre Jordan is NOT going to be defensive player of the year.  2. Something is not right with Jamal Crawford 3. Clips are a very "professional" team with Glen coaching them - they appear to be very focused. (you can thank Alvin Gentry for a LOT of that) If CP3 can carry them for just a bit until they are all on the same page, they are going to EMBARRASS the WC. Including the Rockets (yawn)
Brian Robbins::Is this the NBA's idea of a joke? Lakers play Clippers on opening night and have to play the next night in Oakland. Warriors have to play travel back-to-back games. Now the Clippers have to do this play at home and travel the next night. This is stupid. Just play every other night or back-to-back at home. I'm no Clippers fan but this early season schedule is stupid as hell.
Ethan Lewis::Huge kings fan. I haven't watched to much after weber and bibby left though because well there wasn't much to watch. I don't think the kings will make the playoffs this year(and if we do it'll be low 7th or 8th seed) but I do believe we will be able to compete this year. I predict a 40-50 win season although I hope we do than that.
Michael Maiorano::Just a reminder for clipper fans: last year was your best year ever and the Lakers worst year ever.  Guess what, both teams ended up the exact same way, first round exits hahahahahahahaha
Aaron Rooney::The would be correct if you were right.   You're not.
Michael Maiorano::Just a reminder for clipper fans: Chris Paul and Blake Griffin have played a combined 14 seasons in the NBA they have been to a total of zero nba finals combined hahahahahahaha
Chris Blair::If you are going to try and get yourself banned for spamming at least be smart and make a fake account to do it with.
Michael Maiorano::the truth isn't spamming sorry
Chris Blair::Posting the same crap over and over is though.
Michael Maiorano::Just a reminder for clipper fans: half the teams make the playoffs each year. The clippers have made the playoffs in 4 of the last 42 seasons. hahahahahahahaha
Kyle Wait::Really thought the Jimmer stuff would stop once Smart was gone. New coach and he still isn't getting run, maybe their is a reason.
Michael Maiorano::Just a reminder for clippers fans: thanks for paying rent and just remember there are no real clipper fans, just kobe haters
Kyle Carter::Is it wrong to hate rapists?
John Osaki Jr.::Check out the great Chris Paul in the new edition 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Michael Maiorano::no offense to the wizards and hawks, but this game is being played by the 2 worst franchises in the NBA.
Michael Maiorano::I enjoyed watching the Lakers B team crush the clippers game one.  Did you all enjoy that game as well?
Chris Blair::Seriously there is no 1 to troll here.
Adam Maher::Now that the Kings didn't pick up Jimmer's 4th year option. Any chances he will get any playing time?
Brad Nordlund::Blake Griffin has to play like this on a consistent basis to live up to title contender hopes.
Dave Gigante::I guessed there would be at least 600 messages here. 42????? (now 43)
Kyle Wait::Clipper "fans" must be busy and us Kings fans can't talk much for now. Root out hearts out but smack talkin is hard to do when you have been cellar dwellers for so long.
Chris Hogen-Esch::D.A. Jordan here one game, gone the next, story of his career
