June::I don't see a problem with Lin coming off the bench and being a contributor much like Jamal Crawford is to L.A.
Kobe For 3.....Clank!::Howard still clanking his charity tosses.  He has got to get that number to around 60-65% by the end of the yar.
ZZ::First off, I'm a Rockets fan. Did anyone else think that was one of the worst officiated games ever? The 2nd half was unbearable. I actually turned off the game in the 3rd quarter. And then Carlisle starts playing hack-a-Howard in the 3rd quarter?!? That is pathetic.
Commenter::The Rockets is the most complete team.  They have PGs penetrating the paint, twin towers blocking shots and rebounding and deadly 3 point shooters all around.  The most important thing is they are young and hitting their prime, unlike most teams.  The too old and slow, Mavs and Lakers.  Why would Cuban even open his stupid mouth, saying Howard made the wrong choice picking the Rockets over his team.  He's probably jealous of the Rockets success in building such a solid team.
BigBadDad::Dallas starters paraded right over to sit down they are done. Stick a fork in em!
BigBadDad::Had Garcia kept his cool the score would have been exactly what I said b4 the game started.
Gabrielle::If you are going to lead the team in turnovers at least make up for it and lead the team in assists, rebounds, points or blocks.  Lin just barely did that with 4 assists.  Pretty pathetic but rockets win the game so Lin gets a pass for the night with 6 turnovers.
fryguy::Rockets are doing great but until they understand Lin is more of a liability than asset they will never be champions again...You do not believe me pay attention to Lin T.O. rate on a nightly basis. 6 last night!!!
Tom::Jeremy, please go over the screens on Calderon.
Who Knows::aside from a solid performance, 6 is too much turnover!! c-mon Lin, if you want to keep your starting job, you can't do this, show the coach you want to start, show us you want to start, you have a short windows to prove yourself worthy of the starting job!!
