Shoot the J. Shoot it.::When a lottery pick makes 1 of 6 from the line, you should be worried. Looks like Cleveland made the wrong pick with their gift.
kevin77732::dailysports77.wordpress.com read this blog
doates1::Don't sleep on DGib (B00By)! He's strokin' it a lot better this year!
jimc0907::You watch the way Byron Scott is handling this young team, and you can't help but be impressed. We're still probably 2 drafts away from being a force, but we're on the right path.
lilkyrie::They are going in the right direction.
moecurlythanu::You watch the way Byron Scott is handling this young team, and you can't help but be impressed. We're still probably 2 drafts away from being a force, but we're on the right path.
101BobBarker101::The Cavs are about 3 years ahead of the Nets at this point. sad.
lilkyrie::CLEVELAND PRIDE MAN!
PresleyCutchTabata::the Nets are playing like crap, but on paper they should be ahead of the Cavs even though they arent, credit goes to the Cavs players for going out and getting the job done
PresleyCutchTabata::good game Cavs fans, this just keeps getting worse for the Nets, its time to trade D-Will because he isnt getting it done and we dont have enough players who can make shots, right now we have Brooks, Lopez and Humphries, everybody else is on the block if anybody will give up something for them
moecurlythanu::You lack team speed and your big men aren't active enough down low. Williams has no problem penetrating, but when he gets inside, it's like he's ran into a blind alley. No one flashes to the hole or puts themselves into position for an easy score.  Just the view of a Cavaliers fan watching tonight.
RayKrebbs1978::Wow the Nets stink.  Not much more needs to be said.  Check this out - http://www.lakecounty-sentinel.com/index.php?p=51_5
azaman1794::"the nets could go 0-82 and i like at you like this ish graaaaaaaaaavy" - jay-z
phil80802::RUUUUUUUUBIO
DTangMF::Time for DWill to request for trade.
D Stag::LOL no...
williamfernando_rn::d-will,humpries,brooks,farmar for knicks amare,douglas,baron davis,walker..
Randysbx::Cavs? LMFAO
lilkyrie::Nets? LMFAO
KingGeorge53::Here's a guy that has a F'ing A$$.   Stay clear and don't drop the soap.
TheBigHandsome40::The Nets could go 0 for 82 and I'd look at you like this $h!t gravy
FightingIrish595::why is deron playing the 2 so much!
1mproperDancing::Bad coaching.
i liked this comment::i see the nets are going for ping pong balls.......
KingGeorge53::It's early with Lopez on the bench.   However, for the life of me, I can't understand why they kept Marshon Brooks on the bench.   Makes me wonder if he didn't wax someone's car as a rookie prank or failed some team rule.
brownsjoe::Lebron got married!!! hahaha
brownsjoe::hahahahha
KingGeorge53::wonder if a shot gun was involved?
endrit2010::i hope deron williams gets traded to the lakers
endrit2010::nets are garb
brownsjoe::irving and TT best draft in a while for the cavs
anzekopitarnumber1::T.Rich 4th overall? no, never draft a RB that high. Grab RGIII or a WR, or Kalil if he's avalible. We need OL and Offensive weapons, Hillis can still be the #1 RB and we can grab someone in the later rounds. Drafting a RB that high is never a good idea.
jrachi856::You forgot about J. Thomas, 5-time pro-bowler and 3 time All-Pro LT. A. Mack, T.J. Ward, J. Haden, P. Taylor, and J. Sheard. The Browns have done well rebuilding the defense the past couple of years in the draft. Let's see what the Browns do with the two 1st round picks this draft.
D Stag::T. Rich 4th overall, then grab the best wr available, defense is fine. Greg Little will be a solid #2 but if someone like Kendall Wright is there with the falcons pick he needs to be taken. (Bills fan)
brownsjoe::all those are great im looking forward for the 2012 season
Giggityiggity::Pinkston as well.  Many people also projected we take Colt in the 2nd round but we let him slip to the 3rd because they knew what kind of talent he was (not worth a 2nd round pick).
moecurlythanu::He wasn't worth a 3rd round pick either.
KingGeorge53::wishes the Browns could pick just one good person in two decades.    Cavs picked up two in the first round.
1mproperDancing::For some reason the Browns can only play defense inside the ten yard line.
KingGeorge53::True if they pan out.    Today's goal line stands were good for any team, but you look at the body of work this season and a sane person has to take a wait and see.    They've shown signs of life, but the bottom line is obvious.   W/L and stats don't lie.    I thought when we drafted Tim Couch we were going to be good very fast.
stellablue2131::lets not exaggerate... sheard, taylor, haden, ward- not bad for picks.  heckert is the one exec doing his job.
KingGeorge53::oh...    And Thank God Ferry is no longer here botching things up.     That move *Komoroski and Grant pulled off to net us the #1 pick in the draft was epic.  *in case any heat fan stumbles on this, these are the pres. and gm.    Those are the people that get players via draft, trade or FA, not the owner.
birdman._.::The nets better enjoy Williams while they have him
lilkyrie::williams is trash.
jerry0892::same old nets
rockndoc3::Just got back from the game.   Pretty sloppy for the first half but we have a coach.   Scott lit them up in the locker room.  Dont look now, but Alonzo Gee is going to play a long time in this league.  He had the athleticism and he has now really worked on his stroke and made a commitment to defense.
Giggityiggity::Samardo as well.. dude was undrafted and is playing like he has a chip on his shoulder; I love it.
KingGeorge53::Big Ben part II.   He has that same strong arm under the basket and can throw the hammer down when called upon.
omie19::His improvement is encouraging
KingGeorge53::Not too many undrafted FA do, but he has a chance if he keeps this up.
jlover340::kyrie irving is a flat out player..... i seen a bunch of you cavs... fans bashing him after his first game... the kids going to be a stud
1mproperDancing::Cleveland fans tend to overreact to things.  Irving's first game was a classic example of that.  Most fans chalked it up to first game nerves, and that appears to have been the case.
omie19::He's a rook and he is gonna make mistakes. All that matters is that he makes a difference.  So far am loving the draft picks.
KingGeorge53::agree
KingGeorge53::You didn't see me bashing him bro.    In fact... I was one of a very few that was jumping up and down about the Tristan Thompson pick.    I'm  hoping for 19 wins which would be a % improvement over last year.   But what I want is for the Cavs to pick up a C, SG and SF  in the 2012 draft for Irving to pass to.   He'd be a double/double a night if he had a scorer to throw to.
goosu123::exactly, people were judging him way to quickly. The guy is only 19 yrs old with a shortened offseason in a new system, and he is still playing really well.
Constantinius III::Deron is exposing himself with his play over in Jersey.  Not what I expected at all.
mdtuzo::well like i said good game cavs fans! good luck with your team, see you folks later. im heading to the cowboys/giants thread
KingGeorge53::TY mdtuzo.   Best wishes to your team and happy new year.
KingGeorge53::I think I'll go to the Browns and steelers board and gloat.   hahahahahaha
sodatennis::Also whats with Kris Humpries trying to hump everyone...man a couple times there he just on top of the guys head
KingGeorge53::Humphries owned the Cavaliers last year.
sodatennis::Jumped on the guys head I meant
mikeyjm1412::Amare is a LaneKitten...
sodatennis::TT is going to be special!
KingGeorge53::Dang.   I just checked ESPN stats and they list Tristan Thompson with 4 blocked shots.   He had 3 tonight and is averaging at least that per game.
mdtuzo::that kid FLIES... he is going to be a beast
KingGeorge53::Before the day started, he was 2nd in the NBA in blocked shots.   Not bad for the rook.
yata9arasu::HE IS AWESOME!
redlobster57::would you like if jared sullinger goes to cavs any one else
1mproperDancing::I'm not all that high on Sullinger.  For one, we just drafted a power forward who I really like and who has the potential to be a defensive beast as he grows older.  Tristan Thompson is never going to light up the scoreboard, but if you surround him with other guys who can he could be a Ben Wallace type.  Smart, motivated, big motor, defensive stopper, etc.  And having seen him play I'm just not sure he'd fit in with Scott's higher-octane offense.  Maybe I'm wrong, but I just don't see him as a good fit with the Cavs.    As others have said, what the Cavs need are better non-PG wing players and a younger center.  I love Varejao but he's not getting any younger.  I also like what Gee is doing, and Casspi has potential, but if the Cavs get the chance to lock down a franchise type SF, they've got to pull the trigger.
KingGeorge53::Sullinger is an outstanding NCAA player, but he's a tweener.      Too small for the pros PF and not enough ball skills/D skills for the SF spot.   Oh... and he has Greg Oden disease.    Can't-get-on-the-floor disease.
goosu123::Terrible info. Too small? He would be BIG for a PF. Also he that was the first time he had gone out with injury. While you normally put out quality posts, you didn't do the research here.
KingGeorge53::relax asarunnefer.
asarunnefer::Oh my god. Miss two games out of 50.. It's unreal what people will believe when someone tells them to. How many games did he miss last year? How many?
yata9arasu::Dummond/Barnes/Lamb  :D
flashfan571::No, they need a center, shooting guard, and a small forward.
mikeyjm1412::he is kind of a half court player. not a runner...
YanksNetsDevils::Nets will go 4-62 this season.  And that is being optimistic.
KingGeorge53::Every time I see "devils" I can't help but think of Jerry Seinfeld, "We're the Devils!   We're the Devils!"  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTJMtZWx29s
mdtuzo::lmfao
mikeyjm1412::i am pretty sure that he won't help on the defensive end...
mdtuzo::he has a good mid range jumper but his has finesse post moves, he does work inside
mikeyjm1412::I hope he comes back soon... I miss him already. I just hope he doesn't become a jump shooter like amare lanekitten
mdtuzo::he had double doubles in both preseason games. hes a good shot blocker and will improve his rebounding this year. besides all that he was our leading scorer last year.
KingGeorge53::I agree.    Very early even in a short year.    This Nets team will win this year.
mdtuzo::i still believe they will win at least 25 games this season. also getting brook back will help them tremendously
1mproperDancing::Looking at D-Will's stats so far this season I'm not sure he ever started caring.
YanksNetsDevils::The proof is in the pudding and so far (without Lopez granted) this team has no inside presence, no depth, and no defense.  This team is a motley crew without any chemistry or experience playing together.   How long before Dwill demands a trade or quits caring?    I want them to win too but Rod Thorn has destroyed this team and I have no faith in Avery Johnson whatsoever.  He sits Marshon Brooks?  WTF!
mdtuzo::the team isnt bad. also once the rotation is solidified (brooks starting, james and stevenson seeing more minutes, morrow and gaines seeing reduced minutes, lopez coming back) the team will be a lot better
YanksNetsDevils::By what logic do you think this team can possibly win 25 games?
mikeyjm1412::metsnetsrangers
mdtuzo::nets-mets-jets! love those fans, talking to them is always funny
mikeyjm1412::nets-jets-mets-rangers-syracuse-miami marlins(Like the name)
mdtuzo::yanks-nets-giants-devils
mdtuzo::nets should be pushing the ball more. 5, 10, and 7 pts off fastbreak in the last 3 games is unacceptable.
KingGeorge53::You know... with all those good guards on the Nets, you'd think Avery would be having the Nets pushing on every possession.   When one guard is gassed, put in another.    It's not like the Nets have a shortage of good guards.
KingGeorge53::In fact, that's what was beating the Cavaliers when they were up.
mikeyjm1412::nets- 1-65 cavs- 30-36
moflo02::hey fellow cavs fans, honestly i want to see the cavs compete and maybe miss the playoffs by a few games or even possibly get an 8 seed. probably not gonna happen but i want these young guys on the team to have some experience in playing meaningful games so that in a few years when were ready to compete we know what to do.
1mproperDancing::I assume we'd get a similar deal for Jamison than the one we got him for.  Send him to a contender for another expiring and their first-rounder.
goosu123::I say the Cavs go for either A- the best SG or B- The best C. They after a couple FA signings and one more draft pick(probably around 16-19) we would have a great build for a team here.
flashfan571::Well a team that trades for him will more than likely really need a player like Jamison for them to make a playoff team.  Any team that needs front court scoring will first look at Jamison since he is in the last year of his contract.
flashfan571::I don't know when the trade deadline is, but most of his salary would have been paid by the Cavs thus it is pretty cheap for a playoff contender.
KingGeorge53::true.     Someone to stretch the floor.   If we can convince a PO contender to take on his salary, I'm all for it.
flashfan571::Jamison can score 20+ points like tonight and he is in the final year of his contract.
KingGeorge53::True, but he's just too old and moves too slow.   Going to be difficult putting up consistent #s for him especially in a short year.    Trust me.   I'm old and slow.     No longer large and in charge.
flashfan571::It would be really good to play meaningful games and trade Jamison for future 1st round picks or cap room.
shinnman2222::you dont understand the nba if you  think jamison will be a cav at the n\end of the season, big contracr in his last year, cavs have a solid group of young guys and are setting themselves up to make some moves next summer
mdtuzo::put them all on the floor at once and put on some kind of fastbreak circus show
moflo02::yata, didnt the wolves draft like 4 point guards one year? lol why would you do that?
yata9arasu::I wish Jamison was a PG....  Then maybe the Wolves might trade for him....
mdtuzo::that is a little harsh hahaha
KingGeorge53::There is NO team in the NBA or D league that would trade for Jamison.
moflo02::yea i could see us doing that not sure who would need jamison though because hes almost done i think
redlobster57::we need and honestly a kid that plays exactly like lebron james
goosu123::What? no we don't
redlobster57::lol
mdtuzo::gonna be tough to find lmfao
KingGeorge53::hmmmmm.    I understand where you're coming from, but we need a C, SG and a SF to go with the two rooks.
KingGeorge53::OH... and that cheerleader with the funky hair has to go as well.
redlobster57::cavs are gonna win there rest of there games
mikeyjm1412::reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaalllllllllllllllllllllllyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy...
mdtuzo::really need brook lopez to come back asap
Larry Emelianenko::Im glad that little gremlin Avery Johnson left Dallas terrible coach.
mdtuzo::hes so bad.
yata9arasu::The defense has been really good this year...  If we keep playing like this we may make it to the playoffs...  Playoffs or Lottery pick???
KingGeorge53::I like the energy and simply not giving up on the ball.    Mike Brown use to call that the 50/50 balls.    I wonder if Mike Brown has any 50/50 balls in LA about now?
flashfan571::Prefer another lottery pick, but if they make the playoffs it establishes a winning attitude for Tristian and Kyrie.
mikeyjm1412::the nets are going 0-20 in the next 6 weeks....
mdtuzo::eventually, johnson will be pressured into making some basic decisions (such as starting brooks, and reducing morrow's playing time) that will make the nets a lot better
KingGeorge53::gotta admit though... Snow was another one of those class acts that played hard every game.    Just always sad to see players in their last season.
mdtuzo::oh! well now i must reconsider!
KingGeorge53::Will even throw in the ghost of Eric Snow.
mdtuzo::lmfao no thanks.
yata9arasu::Brooks would be so awesome right now.
KingGeorge53::Would have to.     I'd be willing to trade you two Jamisons and a Ryan Hollins for MerShon Brooks.   Deal?
KingGeorge53::On come on now.      They have a good core and will be fine.
mikeyjm1412::why? no reason not to believe that...
mdtuzo::false
yata9arasu::Great game by the rookies!  I LOVE  TRISTAN!!!  Good game Nets!  Go Cavs!
KingGeorge53::I Loved AC's description of Jamison's lay-up.     Two Step Jamison.   lol
yata9arasu::ROFL!!!!
KingGeorge53::Boo.bie Deep in the Q!!!
KingGeorge53::LOL     Value has never been better.
KingGeorge53::Hey Yata...  Jamison actually had a good game.    Mark this on your calendar.
yata9arasu::TRADE HIM NOW!!!
wasted_101::I THINK ITS TIME TO TRADE DWILL.
suneeth9::no we won't. We got Irving.
redlobster57::cavs will take him for free
mdtuzo::they need to wait to see how things are when theyre able to play with their best scorer.
KingGeorge53::Double T for president.
wasted_101::nets fan
mdtuzo::freakin 11 second half 3s... wow
KingGeorge53::Good game by the rooks again.     Was a good back n forth game for awhile.
redlobster57::oh lol
KingGeorge53::However, if the game's not on t.v., I'm usually found here during the game.
redlobster57::your very right on that family before pc
redlobster57::hey king george i swear you only come at the end of the games lol
KingGeorge53::That's b/c I watch the game with family.    It's not polite to be on the computer when you have family or friends over watching the game.
Awesomebeast222::Congrat Cavs, sorry we took LBJ away, but still, good luck getting a 8th or 7th seed this year.
Awesomebeast222::Well... nah I'm not sorry.
KingGeorge53::Me either.   You're stuck with the bum now
njhockeyhawk::Anyone know why Marshon barely played?
Larry Emelianenko::Yea I know wtf was up with that.
redlobster57::who thinks the cavs going to playoff
KingGeorge53::Hope not.     IN fact, I was kinda hoping Jersey would've come back in this game.    Then I thought, "Take em while you can get em."
1mproperDancing::Because as intelligent fans we realize that this team needs at least one or two more lottery picks to maximize their potential.  They have a decent core they're building, but making the playoffs this year would be disasterous for the franchise's future.  We don't want to put together a team like the Hawks that plays well enough but always gets knocked out by the second round.  There's no worse place to be in the NBA than 5-8 seed purgatory.
redlobster57::why not lol i thought you were a cavs fan
ctowngambler78::Not me!!
mavrickelite777::No and I hope they don't ... lottery pick in this years insanely deep draft is key to further growth for the Cavs.
redlobster57::i never thought about that
flashfan571::Only 4 games and a win over the nets makes you ask that question.
flashfan571::I do agree they are better than last year, but this team is still building and some players will probably be traded before the end of the year.
redlobster57::im not jumping to conclusion im asking a simple question
mikeyjm1412::not me...
Kemp476::Didn't get the chance to watch the game, but why did Brooks only play 9 minutes? Was he hurt? If not, that makes absolutely no sense.
KingGeorge53::Would LOVE having M Brooks on the Cavaliers.
mdtuzo::avery johnson is an idiot.
papelblown27::I hate to say it but there is no way deron williams is going to stay with this nets team.
mdtuzo::thing is theyre playing without their best scorer.
moflo02::i liked this because it had 4 likes already and didn't want to feel left out.
mikeyjm1412::its a 3eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
