Free Alec Burks::
JAHQUAN3::Jazz need to make the playoffs a lousy 14th pick will not change our future. Malone is not walking through that door or even into the stadium if its up to Greg LMAO...Seriously though we need to get their and work our way up similar to OKC a few years ago and look at them now.
Darkflame07::If the jazz wind up with a low lottery pick they will try to trade it, either to move up or get another player. I also am hoping for the playoffs though.
luvnbayes::I predicted 9-16 for the Wolves in the 25 games remaining without Rubio.  I'm sticking with it (1-2 so far).
adam_keefe_fan_forever::What a game! Wolves and Jazz, Nuggets and OKC, and possibly Portland....while this season is troublesome, next season this will be the strongest division in the league, and the 2012-2013 champ will be one of these five teams.  ALEC BURKS HAS BEEN FREED
Darkflame07::Not so sure about portland. They just traded wallace and camby and fired their head coach. They are entering rebuild mode.
aikens97::the timberwolves starting line up should be PG-Luke ridnour SG- JJ Barea SF- Derrick Williams PF-Kevin Love C- Pekovic
mn_tanz::Presumably you would have Luke guarding the 2 on defense?  Or do you think that Barea, who is supposedly closer to 5'9" or 5'10" than the 6' he's listed at could adequately guard someone like 6'7" Kobe Bryant or any of the other normal sized NBA SGs?    And who would be the backup PG?  Luke and JJ are the only two on the team that can play, with Rubio injured.
JAHQUAN3::JJ at the 2 won't work. Ridnour would have a better chance at the SG position IMO
GoTmJazz52::T-Wolves SUCK!
kgrovesBYUfan::Nobody cares about the Jazz.
JAHQUAN3::I'd assume the Jazz and Wolves are both lower level as far as popularity goes in the NBA currently. Love and Rubio make them a sexier pick so to speak but the Wolves haven't had close to the success the Jazz have had over the past decade. So I think true NBA fans are more so aware of Us(Jazz) then the wolves.
JAHQUAN3::2000 + COMMENTS proves different Sir
mn_tanz::True, but to be fair, T-wolves games typically to or close to 5000 comments with nearly every opponent.  Of course, Cleveland fans prior to the Rubio injury felt it necessary to whine about Rubio's shooting percentage in about 1000 comments, so perhaps that's died down a bit.
Darkflame07::But if jimmer played for the jazz you would be their biggest fan. I wonder if actual kings fans are sick of all of you jimmer-ites yet?
MandatoryMadnessInThe763::So what making the playoffs is going to be tough for the Wolves.  Its not like this team is going away, what about next year and the next year.  This team is only going to get better, alot better.    Go Wolves!
mn_tanz::Right, this team wasn't supposed to be in playoff discussions, so the season is already a success.  It would be great if they made it to get some playoff experience under their belts so that they have a better chance of advancing next year and two years from now.  But no one thinks this team is a legit title contender this year, but they're only getting better.
I Am Bricky Rubios Knee and I Say Rubio Sucks::U mandatory mad?
nbanbanba12332::Gordan Hayward = March Madness
rbmw263::the amazing chef had a rough day. His team lost to the team he hates, and the game went into OT causing his mom to yelld at him for staying up past his bedtime
NBA_refs_are_weak::ok, ok Favors I see you. lets see you keep that up
tcrisis::He will. You'll see
GsU -3000-GsU::3 straight double doubles for Young Millsap ! good win jazz
Utah_Dirtbiker::Hayward and Burks looked good. The Jazz will make their trades for the future in the off season or on draft day. Let's hope the Warriors don't get that top 7 spot so the Jazz get their pick.
Utah_Dirtbiker::Where's that sh*t talker The Amazing Chef? His Timberwolves just lost to the Jazz again. So much for his greatest team in the league.....
mn_tanz::And again, can't believe that Utah hasn't figured out that Chef isn't a T-wolves fan.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Millsap&gt;love
MNSPORTS93::Teehee you silly goose :)
Malcyon1::Ridnour is just as good as Rubio in passing but isn't a total brick like Rubio.
luvnbayes::that's so dumb I don't know where to start.
I Am Bricky Rubios Knee and I Say Rubio Sucks::You could do that. That would be quitting though. You can make it through this.
XxLeprechaunxX::nothing is too complicated to understand, and with that vague statement i will say, good night! (in the most disrespectful way possible)
I Am Bricky Rubios Knee and I Say Rubio Sucks::It's a complicated world with complicated people. Rise above and do you.
XxLeprechaunxX::can i just say this? your usernames and original posts infuriate me, yet your responses seem as if you are not the heartless monster one would assume, what gives?
I Am Bricky Rubios Knee and I Say Rubio Sucks::I could be. You never know.
XxLeprechaunxX::wtf? what are you, my mom?
I Am Bricky Rubios Knee and I Say Rubio Sucks::Sure you are. Your cut out for whatever you want to do in life.
XxLeprechaunxX::lol, im not cut out for this business
I Am Bricky Rubios Knee and I Say Rubio Sucks::Hows it working out for you?
I Am Bricky Rubios Knee and I Say Rubio Sucks::Yeah I'm a thinker. ;)
XxLeprechaunxX::maybe i should just cancel my account instead
XxLeprechaunxX::it was working out fine, i was originally thinking you would run out of stupid usernames,  i am less confident now...
XxLeprechaunxX::wow are you kidding me? just as good passing? shows what you know
niteride76::I am not a rubio fan or hater, but I will have to say that I saw a video of what was supposed to be his top ten plays, and I was thinking WTF is the hype about, definitey one of the most overhyped stories of the year
XxLeprechaunxX::yeah get used to it
I am Bricky Rubios Knee and Rubios Career is Over::You don't mean that.  You do spend a lot of time flagging my posts though.
XxLeprechaunxX::i wish your IP was banned
I am Bricky Rubios Knee and Rubios Career is Over::I love you too suga.  Lawd have mercy
XxLeprechaunxX::he make easier passes, hes not "better at passing", and $@%! you guy above malcyon
Malcyon1::13 Assists, don't know about you but that seems like pretty good passing to me.
I am Bricky Rubios Knee and Rubios Career is Over::It's true Lep.. look at his stats.   Stay classy ;)
DeViLzzz2012::Can we lose enough to get in the lottery ?  Go Wolves lose lose lose .. no guard gained at the trade deadline and Rubio gone for the year = time to tank it
MNSPORTS93::Dude... even if we got the lottery this year it would go to the hornets.
MNSPORTS93::some of our fans just became fans this year obviously. Nice username. Classy.
I am Bricky Rubios Knee and Rubios Career is Over::Hahahaha how do your fans not know this?  Minny is something else...
md7152::The guard gained at the deadline is a "healthy Berea" even tho he hasn't played all that well this year.
md7152::Nice game Jazz, you guys played pretty well tonight.  Well deserved W.  Great game from Ridnour.  Go Wolves.
utahraiderfan::Milsap &gt; Love
JAHQUAN3::I love Millsap pun intended but Love is a better player right now. Not by as much as many might pretend but he is better
bigrichard25::idiot!
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::how many of those 8 steals did Millsap get on love? and how many bricks did love take tonight? Millsap IS &gt;love
adamsbrian88::http://www.saltcityhoops.com/jazz-111-wolves-105-player-grades/  the FREE ALEC BURKS movement getting some recognition, while yet again Burks Shows us what hes capable of
Andrew-Baugh::Anybody gonna be at the RioT on saturday? RSLTID!!
vergatease::oh yeah we forgot about that other team.
Andrew-Baugh::No? Nobody's going? Yall need to get your as.ses to a Real Salt Lake game.. EPIC ENERGIZING ATMOSPHERE!!
I am Bricky Rubios Knee and Rubios Career is Over::Is Ramon Sessions playing tomorrow?
md7152::If LA fans think Sessions is any type of improvement, they have a brain the size of a Robin's.
XxLeprechaunxX::do you ever get tired of making new usernames?
XxLeprechaunxX::^ that is not creative its just disrespectful and classless, please gtfo
I am Bricky Rubios Knee and Rubios Career is Over::Nah it gets the creative juices flowing.l
rayfinkle136::sorry i missed the game T'Wolves fans... I was busy watching Fargo
Lebrons giant forehead::I f*ckin love fargo b*tch
rayfinkle136::glad to know i'm not the only one that nailed her
Lebrons giant forehead::Bitch. Omg she took it off for me too!!!!
XxLeprechaunxX::hahahahah
rayfinkle136::i fucked an ugly fat mod chick so she would take the censor off. totally worth it bitch
Lebrons giant forehead::How did you say $@%!$ b*tch
rayfinkle136::not as much as me bitch
xLAKobe24x::who wins 2morow..honest opinion wolves or lakers(no sessions)
xLAKobe24x::wat about with sessions
XxLeprechaunxX::i think so, but im not sure how much better, we will have to wait and see
xLAKobe24x::nevermind u answered it alreday lol
xLAKobe24x::wat about overall..u think were better with him
XxLeprechaunxX::sessions wouldn't make a tremendous difference if you ask me, the difference makers are Bynum and Gasol at least against the T-wolves
Andrew-Baugh::In all honesty I say lakers... Love hurt his thumb and the wolves on a 2nd night of a b2b
XxLeprechaunxX::im a wolves fan, and there is about a 5% chance we win
mikeisildur::Just noticed:  Game's high scorer:  Gordon Hayward
NashvilleBulldog28::So true!
Zippppppp::This is the time of year he steps up his game, he loves the madness
Free Alec Burks::Good game Wolves. You guys have a nice young team and some great fans. Nice talking to ya and see you next year (If we don't play again this year i'm not sure if we do) GO JAZZ!
JAHQUAN3::It should have been a clean sweep this year minus that last miracle comeback. The wolves almost did it to us again.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::that wast the 3rd and last of this season. Jazz 2 minny 1. Jazz&gt;wolves.
I am Bricky Rubios Knee and Rubios Career is Over::Good game Wolves
The. North. Star. State.::Why do you try so hard?
XxLeprechaunxX::Jazz fans, do home wins have any less significance to you cause you win so much at home? or conversely are you super excited by road wins?
Free Alec Burks::We expect W's at home. If we ever get wins on the road I'm tickled sh*tless
scow79::Couldn't have said it better!   lol
XxLeprechaunxX::lol
xLAKobe24x::did beasely play
bomborivera1::No he was on a plane to LA...
dblack2020::ohhh.....I get it.  Because the wolves arent sacramento kings or charlotte bobcats bad, it pisses some people off. They don't like the fact that this team is no longer that god awful team it used to be and actually has a future.
Zippppppp::Just takes some time to adjust. Although of late we are getting back to the Wolves we are used to watching.
Zippppppp::I am no Wolves fan
crossovr11::^Fairweather-fan much?
clingerk::wow all of you no faith in the team, keep waiting for next year or the year after. Making the playoffs will only strengthen our motivation next year and will finally get us at least a little more respect around the league. GO JAZZ!! We dont need any more young guys, we have the key one's already get rid of bell and pick up even a decent sg and we are set.
JAHQUAN3::We don't need more picks even with a playoff birth we won't have a horrible pick there is no guarantee if we miss that will have a great slot in the draft. This team and Corbin need the playoff experience. Who cares if we get swept it happens to all the teams that eventually ascend up the ranks. Also with the exception of OKC i don't see any other team in the West sweeping the Jazz. We are too good at home to lose both games
scow79::Talk to Minnesota fans about that.   haha.    We've only been doing this for 2 years.    We aren't going anywhere this year whether we finish in 8th or 9th place.   I'd rather have a lottery pick than a broom in the playoffs.
clingerk::I'm just tired of saying next year hoping for draft picks
scow79::If we have 2 first round lottery picks then we can trade one away along with someone else to get a high quality player.   You want the picks, not the experience.   We can get the experience next year when we can actually do some damage in the playoffs, not get swept in the first round
clingerk::we dont need 1st round picks, we need a decent veteran sg, which next year we will have plenty of money to spend. We need that motivation and respect around the league im so tired of saying its fine,next year we will get a good draft pick.
Free Alec Burks::I agree, it all starts with the playoffs. Let's gooo JAAAZZZ!
MagicianJohnson::Or draft a decent PG and Sg and we are set. If they make the playoffs, they could have 0 1st round picks
Lebrons giant forehead::I caught some of this on NBA leauge pass. What a great game. Both the teams have a good future.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::I like the Jazz team's future a lot more though. Agreed? Hayward,Favors,Kanter, Burks..even Millsap 26 and Jefferson 28. They have a lot of great years ahead of them. We need a good point guard and one of the wing players to be consistent and get better. Burks and Hayward BOTH have a shot at being that guy. Will they put the time in to be that guy?
Derrick Williams.........ROY::thanks
I am Bricky Rubios Knee and Rubios Career is Over::You mad?
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Kyrie is better than Ricky...that's easy to see.
Winnesota2012::tool.  how would you feel if kyrie irving tore his acl and potentially jeopardized his career.  by the way, i don't think rubio's career is over.  why can't you just accept that kyrie is not the only point guard in the league with a lot of potential.  both kyrie and ricky will be great guards in this league for years pending their health.
GoTmJazz52::Greaat win to night JAZZ as Gordan said, "we pulled it out" best rotation of JAZZ STARTING &amp; the BENCH. C'mon C.J. bring your stats up buddy!  GO JAZZ &amp; JAZZ NATION!! Congrads knocking off the T-Wolves!!!
nastorga801::Those 8 steals tonight should put Millsap, a power forward, up into the top 5 for steals in the league. haha
clingerk::ohhhhh yeah popularity contest...............
clingerk::and why didnt paul millsap not make the all star game????????????
XxLeprechaunxX::ridiculous
kaytrick::MINNY TO BACK TO .500 WOLVES WILL NEVER MAKE IT PAST
Winnesota2012::and missing one of their best players for the rest of the season doesn't really help.  next season you'll feel like a big giant doo-doo head.
XxLeprechaunxX::considering we're on a 7game road trip id have to agree
Free Alec Burks::Tinsley &gt; Earl
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Love Tinsley...Earl can not shoot. It is embarrassing how bad of a shooter he is. It's unbelievable!!!! Great passer but you can't be as good of a passer if nobody respects your shot. It limits you soooo much
2noodlekaboodle::Tinsley&gt;Harris
clingerk::tinsley gives us much more production in a lot of different ways
bomborivera1::Is Wes gonna figure it out?  He's showing flashes lately, then next game he has 40 minutes of oh-fer.
bomborivera1::Or he has no good alternative.  could be that too...
bomborivera1::I don't know. Maybe I'm putting too much faith in Adelman but he must see potential there or he wouldn't play him that much.
Winnesota2012::No.  Adelman giving wes 30+ minutes worth of playing time on any given night is inexcusable.
BottomLineGuy::The Wolves keep fighting. These bumps and bruises will pay off, just don't quit, no matter how bad things get.
Free Alec Burks::Miles was on the bench were he belongs.
Free Alec Burks::That would be fine if he wasn't so inconsistent
clingerk::lol you mean anyone else besides bell
MagicianJohnson::I would rather Miles playing than Bell
Free Alec Burks::I'm glad Alec was freeeeeeeed!!!
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Burks is a stud!!!
clingerk::its because raja bell called the owner crying his eyes out, begging play. GO BURKS!
nastorga801::It was about time. I seriously can't believe he gets so little minutes. It's a $@%!$@% for him to get DNPs.
finalfourinfinity::beasley needs to get healthier for this summer
Winnesota2012::this just isn't the same team without rubio.  they're going to have a tough time making a playoff run without him.  not that they couldn't have won this game.... 17 turnovers?  come on.
bomborivera1::Nope, not the same.  But I think Adelman will still figure out how to get them to be decent.  I'd say they're a 30-70 shot for the playoffs.
The. North. Star. State.::Did you really expect them to compete this year though?  I know I didn't.
Winnesota2012::i expected them to be better, yes.  maybe not playoff good, but they do stand a better chance with rubio.  i'm just saying...
XxLeprechaunxX::id say they are competing, but no i didn't expect anything like this kind of success
XxLeprechaunxX::was hard to watch for stretches
PlayaMade5::Why didn't Beasley play tonight.
nastorga801::He died from a toe injury.
AP All Day 269:::0
AP All Day 269::toe injury
PlayaMade5::K, thnx
bomborivera1::I only saw the last 10 minutes.  So Beas didn't play?  Maybe he already flew to Portland or LA?
bomborivera1::I knew they didn't trade him...was kidding cuz it was so close.  Forgot about the toe.
dblack2020::no trade. he didn't play because his toe is hurt.
AP All Day 269::si
The. North. Star. State.::Didn't get traded.  Hurt his toe last game.
AP All Day 269::nosotros necisitamos Rick R!
AP All Day 269::si
bomborivera1::palabra
didyougetthememookur::Minnesota is probably the only team that plays well at ESA versus the Jazz, even back in the day with D-Will.
XxLeprechaunxX::if 17 TO is playing well
Free Alec Burks::Anyone else a little dissapointed in Kanter?
clingerk::he doesnt get calls he will be a beast soon
Winnesota2012::yeah kanter is way too young to determine whether or not you should feel disappointed in him.  kris humphries entered the league when he was 19, kinda sucked at first, and now within the last year or two he became solid.
scow79::If he wasn't 19, then yes.
nastorga801::Not really. He didn't play any competitive ball for a year and is still really young. He rebounds a helluva lot better than I expected. He has a lot to work on, but I think he can be a decent player.
Wombat1247::Happy with D &amp; rebonds - a bit dissapointed in in Offense finishing &amp; the mins he is getting
The once thought table fortitude of what it was::Why is it that not many have known the struggles of the majority is what is what it could have been prevented from now to the future and what it could have been in an idyllic timeline
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::who is the next cavs draft pick that is gonna take his talents somwhere important
