owildman::Been a Suns fan since mid 80's, and they straight up suck this year. Spurs should be embarrassed.
TWex2120::If you have been watching basketball since the 80s you should be smart enough to know that this happens all the time in an 82 game season. I guess Miami should give up their title defense since they lost to the Wizards this year? Embarassed? Just stupid. They are gonna move on their way to another playoff run. If you put this much stock in a regular season game you might be an idiot.
NOVABuffalo::Spurs fan since 1976 ... totally agree for this one game.  1 point in OT, allowing the game to go to OT ... many things Spurs did wrong.
RespectThaGame::You're right, the Spurs should be embarrassed of their league-best 45-14 record.  Makes perfect sense.
hiphoplover::For anyone who says the Spurs are too old to compete for the championship, the Spurs are actually the seventh oldest team in the league. The teams that are older than them are the Bulls, Mavericks, Lakers, Clippers, Heat and Knicks. Notice how all those teams have at least a shot at the playoffs, if not a shot at the championship. http://en.hispanosnba.com/teams/comparison
chiledal::for shame spurs.  how do you lose to this team?  and twice to the knicks?!  how does that happen?
TWex2120::New York was healthier and legs were fresher and the beginning of the year. True colors of Knicks are showing now.
Sonic_Sooner::THANKS, SUNS!!!  As I was seeing these scores updated last night, I assumed Popovich must have been resting starters.  Phoenix just won the game, eh?  Thunder fans appreciate the favor!
oicurak9::Spurs had a bad night and Suns played the game of their season.  Fluke, nothing more.  OKC will no-doubt return the "favor" as well, as their second-best record would suggest.
Sonic_Sooner::Our schedule is brutal over the next week or so.  If we lose, it won't be a fluke.  See you on 3/11.
1547anthony::SUNS 105 - SPURS 101 , ALL U SPURS FANS CAN EAT ALL UR WORDS FROM YESTERDAY.SUCKAS
8486Chase::Spurs 4 Kincks 2 in the finals
TWex2120::Been in the finals 4 times. Won all 4. Dumba$$. Best record in the nba too. They are just fine. You are this happy over one regular season loss? Im sure your team hasnt lost ANY games this year right? Dumb
1547anthony::ur crazy ,spurs an"t goin to play in the finals ,they ant that good.
LetsPlayScRyB::u must hate the heat
8486Chase::No big deal. Spurs still win the finals
8486Chase::They will
1547anthony::yeah rite spurs ant winning the nba finals ,thats what u fans get for acting like ur teams all that ,SUNS OUT PLAYED THEM. manu cant score like he  use too. his game now is drawing fouls ,i call it begging for points. the only top nouch player u got is parker, green &amp; leonard ant ready yet. spurs wont even make the finals.
TWex2120::Kevin Martin is not James Harden. Harden was the x factor last year.
LetsPlayScRyB::gotta beat OKC first
8486Chase::Yes we will make the finals
bs20kj34::How does a team score ONE point in OT? For a professional basketball team that's quite sad
LetsPlayScRyB::probably cuz their horrible.................................
Tha League of Shadows::Skip Bayless has "given up" on the Spurs. That means they'll win it. Skip is a jinx.
LeBroshiowyane::He said LeBron would never win a ring.   Don't listen to a word he says.
sports junkie13::San Antonio out in the first round!
RespectThaGame::Put $ on that statement.
TWex2120::Only been out of the 1st round twice in the past 12 years. Try again moron.
Streak4MoreCash::So Beasley isn't a starter anymore? Damn I thought this #2 pick would at least start on any NBA team. At the very least the Suns
Streak4MoreCash::Especially now that Rose might be digging his own grave.
BoWendy McHardie Bugers::Jermaine O'Neal is some $@% man just because he can get a few double doubles back to back dont mean nothing. Now I would take it all back if the Suns actually won a championship but I just dont see that happening any time soon.
Spurz2013champs::.
Spurz2013champs::Thanks you Suns for refocusing my Spurs. We needed this, it was getting to easy
1547anthony::YOUR TEAM IS PLAYOFF TEAM &amp; THATS IT ! YOU HAVE THE SAME TEAM AS LAST YEAR ,AND THE OUT COME WILL B THE SAME "SPURS CANT BEAT OKC IN A 7 GAME SERIES ,LAST YR BEST RECORD IN NBA , BUT WE ALL KNOW THAT DOESNT MEAN NOTHIN . SO U NEED TO REALIZE "SPURS ANT WINNING NO CHAMPIONSHIP" SO GO HEAD AND POST UR COMMENTS TO MAKE U FEEL GOOD ABOUT UR TEAM.
TWex2120::You do realize that James Harden is gone right? OKC is not the same team.
oicurak9::You need remedial spelling.
bs20kj34::Evident by your losses to New Orleans and Detroit Pistons?
jemele hill is obese::god damn the spurs suck. what a disgraceful loss. and people think this team is better than last year, HA! same old garbage team that contends for the best record in the regular season but can't do s.hit when it COUNTS.
Spurz2013champs::shhhhhhhh
texican_10::Mamon
popsthebest::Georgepan is an idiot!
pwn4suns::Well, I suppose it's nice to get a victory vs the hated spurs.  But it's sort of like the spurs are always screwing with the suns, and letting them win this one just damages phoenix' lotto position, which is what they should be working on the rest of this season.
LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz::So I went out last night chalking this game as a win,this just proves I am the key to the Spurs success. I am the key to another spurs cchampionship. So much pressure on me.
LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz::So I went out last night chalking this game as a win,this just proves I am the key to the Spurs success. I am the key to another spurs cchampionship. So much pressure on me.
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Whoa, no way. The Suns beat the Spurs, at home? That's crazy!   Jermaine O'Neal has 22 points and 13 rebounds? That's unbelievable!
Swade_ND_Shade::The suns are only 15 pieces away from a NBA championship.
Jackson Zeller::mccoy3181 So The Spurs will go all the way to win there 4TH NBA title.
Devinhuelsmann::Their*
mccoy3181::you mean 5th
rynospurs21::That is exactly what i was implying
mccoy3181::Exactly it doesnt add up.  Spurs fans would know that
Swade_ND_Shade::Exactly, how do you be a spurs fan be don't know how many titles they've won. I smell bandwagoner.
Jackson Zeller::The SPURS RULE!!!
Sonic_Sooner::But the only team you claim is the Tennessee Vols.
rynospurs21::Ok, so you are a Spurs fan?
Jackson Zeller::UH yes, yes I am.
kane FTW::What is going on with J O'NEAL?????
Sonic_Sooner::I think he was expecting to be traded and was saving himself.  Now, he's playing for a contract.....
rynospurs21::I know he is older, but he used to own Duncan.
TWex2120::I dont recall O Neal ever "owning" Duncan. Sure he had moments but O Neal was never the "best" big man. Not in a league with Duncan and Garnett.
rynospurs21::Don't you mean what happened to him? This guy was the best big for two years and then dissappeared. Now he has a good night every once in a while.
rynospurs21::Last night was the highlight of Wesly Johnson's career.
rynospurs21::I don't always troll, but when I do, I troll the Laker board. Poetic justice.
mccoy3181::lol
rynospurs21::To all the Laker trolls that will surely show up today my response is Playoffs!
mccoy3181::Slam and whitey Albino dude still suck by the way
Jackson Zeller::The Lakers are so Auful there like the Charlotte Bobcats.
rynospurs21::To all the Heat and OKC trolls talking crap on this board my responce is the Wizards!
LetsPlayScRyB::as heat fans our response is thunder
Jackson Zeller::Listen people I've been a SA SPURS fan since the SPURS won there 1ST NBA Title.  SO GO SPURS GO. Black and Silver, Black and Silver, Black and Silver.
rynospurs21::Then your reading comprehension sucks.
rynospurs21::Wizards!
Bamm7272::LOL - Spurs troll are on Heat boards daily. Especially "NBA is Worst" and "TDmvp4x" (or something like that)
Jackson Zeller::u suck for saying that.  SPURS all the way.
rynospurs21::obviously not.
mccoy3181::I dont think Jackson is really a Spurs fan
mccoy3181::What did he say?  We are Spurs fans
rynospurs21::?
mccoy3181::and the Cavs
mccoy3181::No there have been worse losses.  Even a blind squirrel finds a nut every now and then.  This happens all the time in the NBA.  Im not worried.  Suns still suck and the Spurs will still win the championship.
Bamm7272::Spurs should think about getting to the Finals first...
rynospurs21::I agree, the Pacers have their number this year.
mccoy3181::They will and the Heat should worry about the Pacers.  I can see them beating the Heat in the playoffs
mccoy3181::The Spurs lost the game yesterday.  The Suns didnt win the game.  The Spurs just gave the game to them.  It wont happen again
Jackson Zeller::NOOOO mccoy3181 it's because the SUNS are so DANG Auful.
mccoy3181::Losing last season to OKC in the WCF was worse.  There are so many regular season games that this loss means nothing in the grand scheme of things.
Jackson Zeller::ThankYou for saying that.  :)
8486Chase::This is the worst loss in Spurs history
Jackson Zeller::NO DUH you think!!!!
mccoy3181::The Spurs will be ok
8486Chase::They better not lose to the Queens
Lebroncouldcareless::WHAT HAPPEN SPURS FANS   I THOUGHT YOUR TEAM COULDN'T  LOSE TO AWFUL TEAMS LOL  MR.LEBRON (IM HATED BECAUSE I DIDN'T JOIN YOUR FAVORITE TEAM) JAMES!
Jackson Zeller::HOW??????????????????????????????
Metsfan1534::How could this happen?
mkwan0::This game no more portends doom for the Spurs than does the leagues best record guarantee a championship.  Just a blip that will ultimately not matter once the playoffs start.
Kevin54582::Manu's contract runs out this year and if the Spurs re-sign him, I'm gonna be mad as hell. The guy is a huge liability now instead of a huge asset.
RespectThaGame::Couldn't agree with Kevin54582 more.  Should've traded him last year, when a team may have actually fallen for it.  Now, everyone knows he's lost his game.
mkwan0::They will resign him for a right sized contract.  He is still a crafty player, but he does not have the explosion he used to.
Ivanov21::I still like his play-making a lot but he has yet to find a consistent shooting touch this year.
Harlem Shake::This could easily happen in the playoffs for Spurs.
mkwan0::That they could lose a game?  You are a freaking rocket surgeon, you know what?
LB081873::Rocket surgeon???
Ivanov21::What exactly could happen to them? OK, SA wasn't focused enough at the end but first Wes Johnson has got to make that tough shot to tie the game (he's 31% from 3 this year and not the best shooter in general) and I'm sure the Spurs will surpass 1 point the next time they go into OT.
Benjamin-Blake::...or any team. thats why they play the game.
Ivanov21::Every time I see Danny Green run a fast-break with the ball or simply bring the ball up the court I'm like "Noooo, please hand it to somebody else, even Gary Neal !!! " His defense and shooting are great but his ball-handling flat out sucks.
Big_Toaster13::As a Suns fan, I just can't catch a break. For the first time in my life, the Suns are literally one of the worst teams in the league. Now, when I want them to lose, they beat the best team in the league. Along with the Lakers starting to win, their lottery picks are losing value.
mkwan0::The only hope is that they use this as a wakeup call and refocus for the stretch run.  Disappointing loss, no doubt.
grizzsuckin4thquarter::there is a difference between not liking a team and trolling only when a team loses, if u want 2 troll then do it when that team wins also or u have no cred in my book.
Meow Mix and Kibbled Bits::I love this because I don't like the Spurs, don't start taking this as me saying they suck oh no, I just really don't like them :P
grizzsuckin4thquarter::sure am glad I am not a troll with no life that has to tell fans of a team that is 45-14 that they suck.
ThunderHornz::Right. As a Thumder fan I am predisposed to hate the Spurs but, the record is the record. If my team hadn't lost some games-just like this, I would poke some fun but it happens to all of us- just some more than others.
major red::Lol spurs fans cant defend this loss
grizzsuckin4thquarter::didn't defend the last 3 or there would be no loss
ThunderHornz::We have all lost to teams we should have blown away.
major red::Yup. Miami knows that all too well
ThunderHornz::Congrats Suns! I hoped you didnt just muck up your lottery hopes!  Cool fans and I hope you enjoy last night and get some relief! Spurs- I'm sure you will bounce right back! The worst thing this loss means for you is the trolls.....  Good health all!
Harlem Shake::Spurs are tired.
nigel.inagan::East or west? Haha;))
nigel.inagan::so whats the best team ryt now guys? Either ulike it o not?
Benjamin-Blake::English $@%!$@%!$@%!! do you speak it??
Rex_Facts::The worst beat the best.
georgepan::So, Ben, there you have it.  Miami is clearly better than SA right now, making SA not "the best team in the NBA."
Benjamin-Blake::They're the best braj. they sat out Duncan in one of those losses.  And they went 7-2 on the rodeo roadtrip. the only team that one could say is better, is Miami(since they're on a 11 or 12 game winning streak)
georgepan::Spurs are hardly the best right now. Lost 3 of the last 9 and during that span barely scraped by Cleveland and Sacramento.  They could easily be 4-5 over the last 9 games.    Clearly not the "best" right now.
Rex_Facts::<b>"The suns showed the spurs what they can do when running on all cylinders."</b>
This_Guy1::lolspurs!
TheGiantPotato::"Dragic and reigning MVP LeBron James of Miami are the only players leading their team in points, assists, steals and free throw attempts."  That's my boy! Go Dragic!
