Peter Vrouhas::Finally the league officials take notice of David West violently swinging those elbows into players faces and necks. He does this in every game, it's his signature move to permanently mame or injure an opponent. West did the same thing during last years playoffs against the Miami Heat, he flagrantly elbowed Bosh hard in the neck, and Lebron and Bird Man directly in the face. The League should closely monitor West, this type of violent behavior should lead to a long term suspension or expulsion from the league not just a $15K fine.
Josh Schwartz::Great work, Charlotte. Picked you to win tonight, and you came through! I knew you could do it. With or without Walker, you're still a decent team that fights hard every night. The Clippers...they like to take nights off. They're trying to become Miami, San Antonio and New York in that regard. But, great job beating a good team at home!
Stay Focused::I'm a clipper fan but losses like this against non-playoff squads are getting ridiculous.  This is the reason why no one takes the Clippers seriously in terms of being a legit title contender.
Erik Marin::They suck dick
James Garcia::Rockets fans feel your pain, lol.
Michael Glankler::Bobcats will make the playoffs.
Kenny Niles::Great leadership Doc! Your team just loses to a terrible team and you're laughing and giving gangsta high gives to the weak opponent! You're an idiot, nice effort COACH
Kenny Niles::High fives
Conner David Boyd::Just shut up. Stop being an idiot.
Michael Lippard::The Bobcats are not a terrible team
Steve Lazarus::If anyone can, It's Neanderthal man, He leaps o'er the hoop, And dunks with one swoop, Our winning game plan…go Blake
Matt Elmore::Charlotte will win their first round playoff matchup. You heard it here first
Pascal Peng Qin::FXXK man~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Renee Pantoja::Come on Clippers
Jody Briner::Come on Clippers LOL
Simeon Haley::game has moment when throwing an elbow is need to make space or to free up a super star player Peter Vrouhas we all can tell you never played college or pro ball any where please stop the foolish-ness
Doug Coleman::Those are the types of plays the NBA has been trying to clean up since the "Malice at the Palace". Have you not watched the NBA until recently. The league is about making money by putting butts in the seats and advertisers on the TV. The league would suffer if it continued to allow those plays. Remember when "NBA Thugs" was the catch-phrase all pundints used for a while?
Andrew Clawson::I had 5 tickets given to me by Presbyterian Hospital in Charlotte and no one would go because they said Charlotte would get blown out. Watched it from home though.
Christopher Almeda::LA's team loses to Bobcats. Clippers on the rise. theyre La's team right. Lol. In the shadow of the lakers forever bungholes.
Richard Rock Seifert::BIG time win for the Cats. Almost would like to see Pargo run the Point, instead of Sessions, who wasn't impressive whatsoever imo
Alan Eisenberg::I had a hunch earlier today about the possibility of this happening and what do you know? The Clippers lost to the Bobcats!
Tiago Machado::Is LA Clip playing against Oklahoma or Indiana? They are making crappy Charlotte looks like one of them
Doug Coleman::Charlotte has quietly become 1 of the better defensive teams in the league. This is not the same scrub talent MJ was picking after the NCAA tournament every year. MJ has actually let his GM do his job.
Tiago Machado::Doug Coleman they are 3-11 vs west team (2 out of 3 wins against weak sacramento). this team is a joke and they don't have kemba walker today
Corbin Wells::Tiago Machado and they beat your clippers without him. what does that say about LAC????
Brett Reid::Jamal Crawford and Blake griffin had shocking games. both missing clutch layups
Pascal Peng Qin::what makes it so difficult for your game? Clippers~~~~~~~~~
Steven Rivera::Griffin could never carry a team by himself and only 7 Reb???? what a joke
Kervin Vancol::Knicks lost to the Philly...why are you talking?
Pascal Peng Qin::struggling against the Bobcats???? No way~
Tiago Machado::At this rate, lowly bobcats will score more than 150 pts wtf
Jody Briner::At this rate...you lost
Tiago Machado::Jody Briner bla bla bla
Brett Reid::clippers...WTF
Tiago Machado::2 pts last 2:39 to lose the game. nice morons
Michael Lippard::Clippers are weak.
