mosesbyu::Free Jimmer.
BK HOTSHOT::It's so strange seeing the NETS in the win column? I'm still not a full believer yet.....
MinorMiracle195::The Nets have gotten alot of good team play and beside a poor 4th quarter against the timberwolves, have played really well. Ive watched every game so far since i have YES network they seem to be playing excelent team ball. Their bench has been not only good offensively but also defensively. Once Gerald Wallace returns to the team their defense will improve in the starting line-up. They really could have used him in the game versus the heat, which to me was their worst showing of the year, but all that said, there is not reason to think that the nets wont be a competitive matchup for any team in the so called top tier of the league, this is a team that is playing with confidence and defending their home brooklyn court, which could become one of the tougher arenas to play in this season and seasons to come. The sky is the limit for this team which only gets better as they play each game.
Swish3And1::Next up at Lakers,  the score will be 100++  for both teams
Rambomonster9::Blatche = Beast. I told you all.....told you... Blatche was a steal, nobody wanted him, Miami kicking themselves now
KentuckyAlum2012::Blatche ain't all that. At 6'11 260, 2 rebounds is pathetic.
KMartKidd56::True. Just disregard the fact that he went 11/12 from the field for 22pts in 20 minutes.  Lets focus on the 2 rebounds.
Dj3garrett::He's a center and had 2 rebounds... Offense isn't Miami's problem, it's shot blocking, rebounding, and defense... Blatche doesn't know what any of those are...
itsatrap123::You guys say "Free Jimmer" and I say "Free Smart."
capclip9::The Nets schedule is no easier than anyone else's. All the teams play each other, so it all evens out. Nets don't need to make any apology for their wins thus far. It's no secret that the recipe for success and a playoff berth is being able to beat inferior teams. So far, besides the meltdown against Minnesota, where they blew a 22-pt lead at home, the Nets have been able to beat inferior teams. You're not going to win them all, and you will come up against tough opponents, so to win 6-of-7 against teams that you theoretically SHOULD beat is exactly what will build not only a good record, but will build confidence when the harder matchups come around. Criticize the Nets if they were 3-6 right now, or 4-5. But, a 7-2 record is nothing to sneeze at, no matter whom the wins have come against at this point.
KinickDiaz::you're 1 game ahead of yourself they're 6-2 other than that what you said is pretty accurate ....the schedule will even out, but I really wanna see how they fair against good teams... so far its not good 1 game vs Miami n they were mauled,... tomorrow in LA if they get mauled again Net fans will say they still learning to play with each other...... but when they win the first thing out their mouths is "Cant wait til we beat the knicks"!..... we're the 2nd best team in the east!!! .....lets just wait for a larger sample, same goes for my Knicks, but for sure both teams are drastically improved fromlast year.  Joe Johnson needs to get it together, he looks confused out there at times....not really comfortable playing off the ball that much. ...and the bench is still suspect,  when Blatche is the first name out your mouth to defend your bench... you def got problems.
mdtuzo::surprising what a good bench can do!
BigLu121::Nets got the easiest schedule in the league
Rhubarbjackson::#
Rhubarbjackson::Free Jimmer
MGodfrey::Rhubarbjackson - Free Jimmer  Well said
MGodfrey::I hate Keith Smart as a coach and I hate the way he is killing him just letting the talent rot there...it's getting ridiculous.  I swear Smart and Isiah Thomas are secretly dating.
Lalau88::Free Jimmer! Either give him some playing time or trade him!!
TommyNJ::Nets still learning how to play as a team. They can only keep on getting better.
Starling Marte is a boss::the Nets need to go into LA and beat the Lakers by a lot
MJ__The ___GREATEST::What is insanity ?  A: To pay 20 mil $ to a player that shoots 10 % from the field  (i.e. FG % - 10 %)
MUbobbydigitalFC::You are what your record says you are, and while the Nets haven't played any challenging opponents aside form Boston, even a Boston without Rondo is still a decent squad. Either way, the Nets have six wins in this young season. The real test for them will be against good opponents, at home, but more so away. They don't have a good defense and a bench with little talent aside from Blatche. See what happens.
BigLu121::they just mad cause u telling them what they dont want to hear...the truth
MUbobbydigitalFC::Their bench ranks 17-18th in PPG. So much for great.
MUbobbydigitalFC::I'm an idiot? Okay. What is so great about their bench. Do tell.
Erictheman23::youre an idiot man..you dont know anything about basketball..nets have a great bench
Erictheman23::hey mubobbydigitalfc..you're an idiot..go back to the knick bloqs and worry about your team
MUbobbydigitalFC::Brooks has injury problems but can be a very good shooter when on, Watson had a great year with Chicago because of DRose's injury, but he is a good backup. Reggie Evans is a rebound machine, but you won't get any scoring from him and Stackhouse, is Jerry Stackhouse. Unless you have starting lineups like Miami, the Lakers, or Thunder, you need an above average bench to be a threat. Don't see the Nets as a threat.
meltzercool1::the bench outscored our starters 52-47 in this game. how can you dismiss it as mediocre???
sgafsetomorpnpse::Bench with little talent? Brooks, Watson and Evans are all solid bench players. Stack still has some punch left too
sgafsetomorpnpse::If Brooklyn goes for Nets and Manhattan goes for Knicks, who do Bronx, Queens and Staten Island go for?
MUbobbydigitalFC::Going to take some time for New Yorkers to really dislike the Nets, to most of them, they are still a New Jersey side. If they win something, different story.
MUbobbydigitalFC::Mostly Knicks fans there. Still a lot of Knicks fans in Brooklyn. Not many people I know of switch alliances to become Nets fans if they were already Knicks fans, but most people who are Nets fans now, or at least in Brooklyn, weren't that big into basketball until the Nets came.
sgafsetomorpnpse::Looks like it will be a great rivalry.
sgafsetomorpnpse::Nets finally look solid
Bkdevil31::this is exactly why everyone hates NY and the fans. One hot start and they think they're all special and are gonna walk over. I swear, the sheer cockiness. Why don't u Knicks fans wait until these teams play each other until you start running your big mouths.
KnicksCuseGiantsYanks::brooklyn hasnt beat one good team all year.   A Rondoless struggling celtics team is your best victory.  Lakers will win by 30 in Los Angeles
meltzercool1::a rondo-less Celtics team still put up 100 points on the nets...i'm not sure the end result would have been much different had he been healthy.  And the nets were without Gerald Wallace...
tmor311::I can't wait until the Knicks crush this team and send them back to reality.
Erictheman23::i cant wait for the nets to kick the knicks canes out from all those old men's hands on nov 26th..mark the calendar
KnicksCuseGiantsYanks::HIV &gt; Nets
meltzercool1::North Korea &gt; Knicks
KMartKidd56::5 straight. BKN!!
KnicksCuseGiantsYanks::5 straight against garbage teams lol
smokeysaj::Why did they start a recovering Wallace against the Kings?
meltzercool1::seemed like a good game for him to ease back into things.
seattleitez::The Kings have to be the worst coached/ managed team in the NBA.  THE NBA should stop giving them lottery picks.
hj60BKNOAK::We look good right now...but by Thanksgiving we should know wat kind wat kind of team we are...tough tests against Lakers &amp; Knicks...I'll be happy with a split...
comeatmebroe::johnson murdered my fantasy team today....jesus christ
Emoney321000::Dwill had a great game for me
highyiz1::can't wait till they beat the knicks....
nnetsj::Nets can beat all the bad teams they want but if they want to make serious playoff moves, then Johnson has to step his game up.
meltzercool1::look how well the nets have been doing despite his poor shooting (and DWILL hasn't been lighting it up either).  JJ will shoot his way out of this slump
highyiz1::only 8 games in man it'll come
Crooklynism::Nets have the best 2nd unit in the East.  I don't want to hear nothing about Boston, they about to lose to Detroit of all teams
BigLu121::Knicks second unit is better Smith is better than any sixth man u got. and Amare is coming off the bench and hate all u want but hes better than ur starting pf and center
joe kj2::The truth is in terms of offense Brooks is better than Joe Johnson at least in my opinion he is. I said this during the offseason.  It's a shame that Brooks can't defend though, because if he could Johnson would be the one coming off the bench. If only Brooks could learn to defend he could be a big future star in the making.
Jets Yankees Knicks 1988::nets are playing against such scrumpy teams....
meltzercool1::Because the Pacers are real world beaters.  The Knicks have faced three great teams (Grizzlies, Spurs, and Heat)....to the Nets two (Heat and Celtics).
Dwight Howards Firing Spree::Magic are so damn stupid man. they could of had two allstar in Lopez and Marshon Brooks...
KnicksCuseGiantsYanks::Lopez plays no D and Brooks is a career bench player lol
mdtuzo::career bench player? youre out of your mind
meltzercool1::Lopez had 4 blocks this game!  He's averaging almost 3 per
YinBallaz::Honestly, if the magic got brooks and lopez, they could have tanked a year or two, and already become playoff contenders. Big baby and lopez is a solid frontcourt. Just need to figure out what to do with 3...hedos getting old man.
chckn440::brooks an allstar ya rite. altho i like him quite a bit
run_this_town::LOL
run_this_town::THE NETS HAVE NOT BEAT ONE GOOD TEAM
chckn440::orlando twice lol
joeman1146::thats right, theyve beaten 6 good teams. :)
Porkchop8920::celtics...
run_this_town::NO RONDO EQUALS LOTTERY TEAM
DanNYC2816::wow, only about 600 comments. i thought this team was supposed to be popular
ciorizzo::People like to go out. Watch it at friends houses. Not sit in a basement on a computer
Porkchop8920::did u see who they're playing?
DanNYC2816::i didn't think it would matter
Chad86159::sacramento black panthers only franchise in the nba that would cont not to give a national poy lottery pick a shot, even when u cant win a game, and ur team has shown they play much better with him on the floor.... im betting my life, keith smart is a sincere racist.... did the same thing in golden state
JacobyJ4::lol Redevelopmentguy... did you really just say mormons dont like black people... lol here u are trying to make a point and you throw out one of the most ignorant comments I have ever read.. good job...  P.S.  there are millions of black mormons that probably disagree with your comment above.
hansenbrandon16::Jabari Parker (#1 Rated High School Player) is a black mormon
redevelopmentguy::Dude you are an idiot.  Your daily rant is how Keith Smart is a racist.  It's too bad you don't live in Kentucky in the 1930's.  That may be more of your liking.    BTW, Geoff Petrie assembles the roster.  Smart is the not the guy who decides who s on the roster.  Did you like the Kings better in the early 2000's when the Kings were the whiteist team in the NBA?  Because if you do, may be you're a racist.  Or are you a Mormon who simply doesn't like black people?  Because I don't know of any black mormons.  Go back to watching your Fox News.
Lalau88::Ever heard of Jabari Parker (#1 HS recruit in the nation)? How about Brandon Davies (PF/C at BYU)? Stop saying mormons don't like black people, it makes you look ignorant. All you have to do is watch a few BYU games in ANY sport and you will see some black mormons for yourself.
Grantox::i agree. what do they have to lose? put jimmer in every time he gets a few minutes he does great things why are they holding him back?
highyiz1::the nets are the real deal....
sgafsetomorpnpse::This Telephoto guy never plays? Does he suck?
joeman1146::I heard he was a beast over seas averaging 20+ points. but this season all i've seen is him chuck up terrible 3's, hes very 1 dimensional.
igriff1977::Nets will finsih no less than 4th seed
igriff1977::I think the Nest are better than Bean Town
FadeBackShoot2Points::the kings have way to many guards for one and two if you aren't going to play jimmer much please trade him to another team that needs him..dude deserves way more pt than he's been getting.
JacobyJ4::hm... what you guys playing at??? did you not see Isaiah get demolished by teague the other night, or brooks get dismantled by dwill tonight???  Please stop with the doesnt play defense bullshhit. he defends just as well as Isaiah and brooks...
DGraups::You forgot the fact that the Kings had Jimmer in a starting point role and how did that turn out? He was a college player with an occasional shooting hot streak. That doesn't translate to the NBA. He blows on defense and can barely handle the ball. Sure Phoenix "hid Nash" but he made up for it when he could successfully run an offense and pass the ball.
larsondjs76::lol 91 minutes of game time and you are ready to put him in the Hall of Fame haha
JacobyJ4::lol occasional hot streak does not account for 29.5 pts a game idiot..  he was also a rookie last season and this year he also has the best PER on the team... he also has the most assists in a game by any of the "point guards" so dont tell me he doesnt get the team involved...  Speaking of Nash do you even know what averaged his first two seasons????  Lets just say they were not MVP numbers.... good hell its this kids second year... and he has a damn good PER and he should get more minutes...  damn I am sick of arguing with idiots... know your $@%! or dont talk..
chckn440::he aint steve nash. lin is a better defender
seattleitez::Loo what an idiott
Chad86159::eugene is an idiot.. he is no worse than the rest of those bums...... and he has played lights out on offense....
Eugenesalem::Jimmer is one of the worst defenders I have ever seen. He deserves nothing.
Bohty::Who was guarding all those Nets guards that got into double figures. Wasn't the guy that played 10 minutes.
FadeBackShoot2Points::steve nash isn't? jeremy lin isn't? good coaches find a way to work around that
schuylervillesux::HE HAS NEVER PLAYED CONSISTENTLY............HOW CAN YOU LABEL A GUY STREAKY THAT SCORES 18 IN 11, 13 IN 23 THEN SEE'S 7 MINUTES AND 10 MINUTES THE FOLLOWING GAMES..................
FadeBackShoot2Points::extactly, they should trade him to a team that needs another guard who can shoot..he deserves more pt
gt1master_ike::You can not play someone like Jimmer many minutes who will give up as much as he scores and is a streaky shooter.
MGodfrey::If you want to talk about streaky shooter look at your boy Marcus Thorton...dude gets tons of minutes and sucks.  He is the most up and down player I've ever seen....if Jimmer went 4-13 in ANY game he'd be out of the league because he is discriminated against so much.
Bohty::Every Nets guard scored in double figures. Fredette played 10 minutes, watch the games.
gt1master_ike::Phoenix had the best offense in the league. The Kings are one of the worst offenses in the league.
Chad86159::please tell me all these points fredette gives up.... thats just what black folks say so that they can justify him not playing... he has held his on defensively this year
FadeBackShoot2Points::phx found a way to hide steve nash on defense all those years...sac should do the same.
NYGIANTSbigbootysmasher135::Williams and Lopez are the 2 best players on this team who cares about Johnsons struggles
devinharris3418::im not worried, its only the 8th game of the season
FadeBackShoot2Points::nets fans better care..if they want to make a deep run in the playoffs
GeorgeTownMan29::Kings need to dump their coach and Thorton,Cousins, and Evans
Big_los07::Eugensalem amen 2 that!
Eugenesalem::Ill just settle for dumping the Maloofs
schuylervillesux::FREE JIMMER
Eugenesalem::Teach Jimmer how to stay in front of his man.
MGodfrey::Lame excuse for not playing someone because they're white.
Bohty::Eugenesalem - Teach Jimmer how to stay in front of his man.  You mean like all those other Kings guards.
gt1master_ike::Cousins was 3-12 from the field at one point and finished 12-21(9-9 FG after that point). ANd the Kings still lose because they don't execute consistently on offense and can't stop anyone.
razzledazzletj81::Sorry, it was mostly garbage time stat padding
FadeBackShoot2Points::the nets having a winning record for the first time in about 6 years? lol
gt1master_ike::That is not what was said. This is the first time they are 4 or more games over .500 since 06.
FadeBackShoot2Points::yes it may not be true..it's just me trying to be funny,
gt1master_ike::Ok. But that is not true. Just sayin.
FadeBackShoot2Points::I know what you said but this is what I'm saying, the nets have a winning record for the first time in about 6 years..I'm not mocking what you said, these are my own words.
159Yanks::Nets win. Good game Kings fans.
airic.ad::hey look joe johnson has 11 pts on 1 for 10 shooting
devinharris3418::hey look the nets won
David535221::NETS SUCK THEY HAVE PROBLEMS WITH KINGS AND THINK THEY CAN COMPETE WITH THE KNICKS SMH
paulsaad::how do u figure we have problems? btw we're only one game behind u so chill buddy
Slyyfxthethird::mad
s-murphy17::bench outscored starters
NYGIANTSbigbootysmasher135::damn cant remeber the last time the Nets were 6-2 lol 2005?
