alamonaca33::I take back on the terrible things I say about you
JackWizardsHoyasThunder::WIZARDS!
mr mellow::Wizards on a role look out NBA!  At least Flip and Ernie won't get bashed today.
sgant22::I was afraid we would lose this game. Best team vs worse team. Durant going home, timing of so many games in few nights. But I was more concerned that Westbrook (I still got his back) would try to outplay/outshine Wall. Can anyone tell me what really happened? ANYONE?
Johta76::I watched the game.  For OKC, it was the Durant / Westbrook show.  There were long stretches I didn't even realize Harden was in the game.  Wizards had all-around contribution.  Also, McGee is fast becoming a top 5 defensive player in the NBA.  OKC bigs couldn't do anything.  I've watched a few Wizards games and McGee is a beast on the defensive end.  Also, Durant shot way too many 3's.  Shot as many outside the arc as he did inside the arc.
Arigato Mr. Roboto::Wizards won, Thunder Lost. It happened. Get over it.
boardorbust::Westbrooke is very talented but his ego flared late in the playoffs last season and caused them to lose.  Durrant had a bad game no doubt.    Between these two talents they take sooooooo many shots the rest of their team will struggle to get involved and be happy.  That ultimately may be what prevents them from winning.  Especially if Westbrooke wants to be the leading scorer or shoot the most.  Rarely does a team ever win a championship with a PG as a primary go-to scorer.  Harden is a better decision maker/facilitator.  During the regular season a team can get by more easily with Westbrookes ego issues but in the playoffs when teams really get serious about game-planning and defense it becomes obvious he is an issue.
ACandOJ::Looks like Westbrook pulled his "I'm better than KD" routine &amp; tried to show up Wall.  The difference is...Wall is actually his teams best scoring option.  Westbrook should never outscore KD....when he does this happens.
DonJuan781::KD was off last night.  He kept jacking 3's and missing!  He also kept turning the ball over alot.  Westbrook actually played within the offense I thought last night.
JB_Smoove_Trane_Thelonius_Bird::<b>Cant believe my team lost to the Wizards.. smh oh well atleast the Celtics finally won lol</b>
SAS35CA::hello Simpsonpower
SAS35CA::sean
SAS35CA::how do you do
simpsonpower::hey shane
aazizi::The Wizards have all of the traits for a typical young team without veteran leadership. They'll play hard for marquee matchups, but cant find any motivation for the other games. Unfortunately, this is magnified with the current schedule. Management should definitely be looking to add some players before the deadline is up.
RawDwg1216::what andre blatche needs to understand is that Washington Fans have no idea how we went from Gilbert Arenas Caron Butler and Antwan Jamison to this. Its crap. Blatche is crap he is nothing compared to the stars. Come on. They are booing the whole team not just you Blatche. You just happen to open your mouth to much so they direct it at you. If your that frustrated $@%!$@% quit blatche. The rest of the Wizards did back in 2009
BlkMexMamba2.0::The worst team in the NBA beats the best team in the NBA?????? who in the he** does that work?? lol
Arigato Mr. Roboto::seems like Wall changed something in his game in the past two....
Chargers_4_Sale::All the Westbrook haters, Westbrook is the reason why the Thunder had a chance to win that game, KD kept launching 3s and missing. Thunder have 2 players that can take over games and that night was Westbrook's night to take over. KD wasn't haven't it and shot the team out the game.
Chargers_4_Sale::This game wasn't about the Wizard, it was about the poor charge calls at the end. Wizards going to the line on the last 8 trips at the end. What really stood out was the bad coaching of Scott Brooks, many times he should of called a timeout, kept Perkins, Ibaka, and Thabo our defense players out the game so long.
Arigato Mr. Roboto::Uhh the Thunder got a few Goal tending calls their way as well...not to say that the charge calls weren't legit. But the Thunder being thunder, got a bunch of calls their way, the replays showed otherwise. MCGEE is a BEAST that can jump outta the building.
joeh4384::Was this a back to back or triple back for OKC?
kfultz42::days rest... surprising i know
nba is the worst::So was this a ref job?
Chargers_4_Sale::Yes it was, the refs kept the Wizards in the game from the tip off to the end.
Arigato Mr. Roboto::No, it was the Refs that gave the Thunder a BUNCH of goal tending calls, when the replay clearly showed that it was a LEGIT block, Yes McGee DOES have Monstrous hops!
_misterfurious::This is the new fashion now I guess - when the Thunder win, it's because Durant is great, but when the Thunder lose, it's Westbrook's fault.   Westbrook played BETER than DURANT in this game - Durant was bricking from three - they just LOST.
younglouiE::Damn...Westbrook scored 36 ? Why is he putting a Kevin Durant numbers ?
draino25::the problem is whenever russell westbrook scores more than durant they lose....his numbers should never be better than durants.
lovesports3409::Or maybe Kevin Durant shouldn't have 7 turnovers.
southridge305::wow, just over 1800 comments at 5am central time. im getting ready to go do some physical training, but yall must admit, if this was the heat that lost to the wizards, then the board would have 20,000 messages after the game. any team can lose to anybody, but there are only a hand full of teams has what it takes to get to the finals. its harder to beat a team 4 times in about a week or so span. so everytime a fan tries to trash heat for they record of getting beat by mediocre teams, then i will just point to oklahoma
Arigato Mr. Roboto::No no no, The Heat WILL win the Championship this year!! If lebron comes into the game starting 2nd quarter. Since he plays only 3 quarters, should he give back a quarter of his salary? hmmm. Has anyone tried explaining to LeBUM that the word "quarter" implies 4 would make a whole? Maybe they didn't teach him that in his High School. Shouldve gone to college!!
Liberal Feminist::It happens to every good team.  The Heat will surely loose another bad game and so will the Thunder.  It really doesn't matter until the playoffs.
CandySparker::
adeeblack::Westbrook shoots too much. That will always keep this team from winning it all.
Liberal Feminist::We need a TRUE pg!!  I really like Westbrook but he's not what this team needs.  I wonder how the team would fare with Harden running PG and letting Westbrook play SG.  Harden is an excellent facilitator.  I think he would make a great PG.
slight31::Thunder=Garbage Noobs
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Funny.
Alliedp::Nice defense in the second half OKC. Do the pizza and beer thing on your own time.
gerald_5::tebow=greatness
Alliedp::-1
gerald_5::top 5 CLUCH plarers: 1) lebron james 2) robert horry 3) MJ 4) Larry legend 5) jerry west
digi_729::he cant even spell CLUTCH right
Liberal Feminist::Lebron James..............Clutch?!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Are you serious!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Did you not watch the playoffs or most of Lebron's Career in Cleveland?   Get outta here buddy!!!!!!!!!
tarumpaw::lol andre blatche is number 1
theprodctz::The Curse of Based God in full effect tonight!!!!!
Shay Jacuzzi::John Wall will the be the face of the League in couple years!
tarumpaw::lol andre blatche is your captain.
gerald_5::yes sir
gerald_5::dunker:  shawn kemp&gt;blake griffin
sooner1980wb20::You mean doughnuts?
EliteWingMTSU::OKC got owned!
southridge305::stop makin excuses for them, got to lose a game at some point
Beardedblazerfan::I think they just wanted a night off
dave mccarver::what...the...hell?
Stevepaullewis::so who said that okc can beat the heat or bulls in the finals??
southridge305::you fail, because heat didnt lose to bob cats, they lost to hawks, clippers, warriors, denver, but i guess you just trying to make yourself feel better about losing the worst team by far in the nba. im not justtalking about record wise either.
WIkalikalou::The Heat lost to the Bobcats and the Bulls got schlammered against the Grizzlies. Your point?
gerald_5::losing to a bad team in the regular season doesnt mean sh*t
rr21793::best possible starting 5 using players that have not been to the NBA finals: pg: chris paul sg: monta ellis sf: kevin durant pf: amare stoudemire c: joakim noah
southridge305::where is thedefense out side noah on that team. amare. no defense. everyone else.. decent, besides noah
Fsweis23::oh that's why derrick rose is 5-0 against chris paul and outplayed him 3 out of the 5 times give me a break if you think chris paul is better then derrick rose
convolutedthought::and amare should be switch with K love, center Id say marc gasol
convolutedthought::crazy switch monta with rose....rose can play as a sg
sooner1980wb20::I say the top 3 at every position (without a making it to the finals)  PG: DRose, CP3, DWill  SG: Monte Ellis, James Harden, Andre Iguodala  SF: KD, Melo, Gay  PF: Blake, Aldridge, STAT  C: Bogut, Marc Gasol, Al Horford
Adam01Said::Has Joe Johnson been to the finals? I'd take him over Monta.  I'd also take Rose over CP3. I'd take Gasol over Noah.
rr21793::there is enough scoring on that team. noah brings the defense
sooner1980wb20::Would definitely say you are smoking crack on the Center... Al Horford? Marc Gasol? Andrew Bogut?  All better than Noah
rr21793::i was thinking aldridge or griffin too. so many good pg's to choose from also. center is the most difficult. howard is the elite but cannot be used
gerald_5::i would take k love over amare
gerald_5::i would have to desagree sir... but that's my opinion i guess i prefer cp3 style of play
gerald_5::nah why would you take a scoring pg when you already have kd and monta ellis on you team
Stevepaullewis::id take rose over chris paul anyday
rr21793::top 5 unguardable shots in the nba (besides the free throw): 1. dirk's fadeaway   2. melo's spin move/finger roll (only thing most players can do is foul when he gets that close to the rim after the signature spin)   3. kobe's fadeaway   4. tony parker's teardropper   5. lebron's step-back jumper (during the first 3 quarters)
LakerStride::1.  Skyhook.  Nothing else even close in terms of undefendability and accuracy.
EliteWingMTSU::Tony Parker showed off his tear drop tonight.
TubbyTime334::Dirks Fadeaway is all that matters.
gerald_5::marion's really quick release??
gerald_5::allen's quick release??
rr21793::meaning these are the shots where, no matter how good of a defender you are, you simply cannot do much when that player is on fire
k_nak::Do you classify a shot as unguardable when the player only seems to make 30% of them?  He --Kobe-- might get it off but it's not as if it's a good shot 20 times/game.
randymossallday::a basic hookshot?
birdman._.::apparently you don't watch laker games
k_nak::Andrew Bynum should have tried to work on a hook.  He'd be a monster down low with that.
randymossallday::this just shows the Wiz have talent..they just have a bunch of idiots..namely Blatche..lmao
ncfan4life5::Let's go Wiz! Too bad this only happens once a month, or I might try and support my hometown team...
Fsweis23::ok so when they win which will be years then you will jump on the bandwagon like everyone else will. I really cannot stand people like you. Shows you have no love for the game.
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::So, you only support your team when they win?
fightinillini32::Bout to go the the Knicks board to see if they still believe they are winning it all this year.
rr21793::there aren't many players who fit this, but here goes. question of the night. who would win this 3-on-3 half court matchup? Consider all players in their prime. Stipulations - all players must:    a) be active  b) been in the league at least 7 years  c) been with the same team their entire career  d) won a championship    Team 1:   Dirk Nowitzki, Paul Pierce, Dwayne Wade    Team 2:  Tim Duncan, Kobe Bryant, Tony Parker    Honorable Mention: (only other solid players that qualify with the 4 stipulations) Tayshaun Prince, Udonis Haslem, Manu Ginobili...less
jordan23-014::3 on 3 half court....team one has the edge over team 2....PP can cover kobe and dirk can manage timmy D and i dont think parker can cover wade...
fightinillini32::In their primes, Team 2. Right now, I'd go with Team 1.
Madhouse_United::Team 2, but it would be very very close (if it is at their prime.)
fightinillini32::Well are we talking right now or these players in the prime of their careers?
gerald_5::james harden= best bench player in the league
Fsweis23::dude he should definitely win sixth man of the year no doubt!
k_nak::I keep looking at the 2 guard position on OKC.  Can't have that position scoring what seems to be in single figures all the time and hope to be a contender.  Shouldn't Harden be starting?  Thabo brings some D I understand but he needs to be somewhat of a threat on the other end or his guy's just going to be free to double on Westbrook or Durant?  OKC should have got a couple cheap shooters.  Even guys like Kapono or something would have been good.
randymossallday::he fits better with the second unit. where he can be paired with either Durant or westbrook and be a secondary scorer or with Ibaka, Perkins, maynor(prior to injury) and someone else and be the primary scorer. he plays starter minutes which is all that matters but yest the thunder need to upgrade the starting 2 guard slot or find a replacement for harden off the bench who can duplicate harden and take on that role he has now.
dabulls2012::Gotta run over to the NY game to laugh at the Knicks' fans...
fightinillini32::HAHAHAAHA, just glanced over and saw they lost to the Suns. NYK are a JOKE.
trackotaco::How does this happen?
dabulls2012::Wow - only 15 assists on 37 baskets with only 6 offensive boards...that's a TON of one-on-one Thunder!
gerald_5::j wall is the next big thing
Fsweis23::lol so your saying j wall is going to be bigger then rose, griffen, rondo, dwight, love, lebron, dwayne, should I keep going cause the list goes on. Sure he had one great night we all knew it was going to happen some day but if your gonna be the face then you gotta have a night like this every night. New face give me a break...
dabulls2012::No, he really isn't...dude had a nice night tonight, but has been BAD this year...down in scoring, assists and steals plus wins...did you miss Bulls 3rd string PG torch him the other night? He's fast, can jump and dribble and...that's about it.
rrballer34::j wall is already a big thing he has his own dance!
gerald_5::okc =WC champs
ned5311::they added an old $@% rip hamilton come on they basically have the same team besides him and thats stupid wade had a bad series aganst the bull because bogans defense and rite now bogans defense is way better then rips so is goin to be the same outcome this year rip doesnt do nun but make wade more dangerous
dabulls2012::tough night to pull that out...not that I disagree necessarily, just tough to say tonight...
gerald_5::i know, that's what i think, specially if you are the point guard
fightinillini32::I think KD is definitely their leader and I think he needs to smack some sense into Westbrook and tell him to give him the ball and stop shooting. I think Westbrook sees how Derrick Rose plays and is trying to model that when he cant. You gotta feed the best scorer in the game.
gerald_5::i feel  the only thing that can stop okc out in the west is if they don't sort out which player is their leader ( kd or wesbrook) they'll have problems like last year in the playoffs, westbrook goin all out and shooting every ball he touched
dabulls2012::We'll see...that's why they play the games...
fightinillini32::I really dont think there is another team that can take down the Thunder, but there some teams that can give them a scare.
fightinillini32::CHI = NBA CHAMPS
Fsweis23::the heat don't got $@%! derrick rose finally has some help and we had the best bench in the NBA last year and they are all playing much better this year and we are all healthy. The heat are done.
fightinillini32::I think the Bulls don't win it'll be the Heat. I think in the next few Finals is gonna be a lot of OKC, MIA, and CHI.
gerald_5::yes, im thinking bulls over okc in 6
fightinillini32::Missed the game....What happened?
Shay Jacuzzi::How dare you disrespect John Wall.... The next face of the franchise!
zoooted::durant was bad
dabulls2012::33 and 8 with 2 blocks and 3 steals ain't bad...add in the 7 turnovers and 2-for-10 from the arc and it ain't good either.
zoooted::durant really screwed westbrook over
tstruckzies6024::Wait... you have to go to New York to get stitches removed?
