Gene Craig::When the Blazers are firing on all 8 cylinders they're impossible to beat. I've watched every Blazer game this season . All I can say is when the teams hot their all hot. When their missing shots they're all missing shots. If they continue to play as they have lately they'll be hard to beat. It's a NW Thang !!!!!
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::u can say that for every team in the league, u can say when any team is on all cylinders they are unbeatable
Monty Cosby::Jerry Ryuzaki Word When the Jazz is playing on all cylinders they can beat the Pacers, your argument is stupid
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::Actually any team can beat any team on any given night. No one in this league is impossible to beat. Everyone is beatable
Kevin Walker::portland has beaten the spurs at home and on the road, they have beaten oklahoma city at home and on the road, the beat the pacers and lost to the heat by a lucky 3 at the buzzer... they have also beat every single playoff team in the east and western conference except for miami and dallas who they play for the 2nd time here in a couple days (they also havent beaten the wizards yet because they havent played them)  "but the portland trail blazers are not a legit team"...   -espn analysts
Rhys Williams::. "It's just regular season, you guys will just get out in the first round like always." I've heard that a lot from people. I don't think people can just straight up assume the Blazers will just continue to get first round exits when they have a great record against the Elite teams of the NBA.
Patrick Fiegenbaum::Well, another fluke win on the road against a first place team, giving the Spurs their first loss of the season when leading after three quarters. This will probably drop the Trail Blazers out of the top 10 on the ESPN Power Rankings, behind the Lakers or some other team with a losing record. (Just for funzies, go check the power rankings and see if I'm kidding.)
Rhys Williams::@Patrick Yeah, knowing the writers on here and on BleacherReport, The Blazers will drop 5 spots even if they pull out wins against Dallas, OKC Houston and GSW on this road trip.
Brandon Learfield::Gonna be a great game. Duncan and Co just keep going every year. Blazers-Spurs is a great match up. Aldridge and Lillard are gonna tear it up tonight! Let's get it done Portland! #Ripcity
Brandon Learfield::Plus we all know the Western conference I stacked. Eastern conference has 2 solid teams and 1 okay team.
Shareef Abu Zanet::2 wins in a row against spurs this year
Matt Johnson::Have you ever seen such a one sided called game come on refs call a freaking foul on the Spurs why don't you??????????/
Derrick Alderete::Are you kidding me we were getting called for offensive first quarter and your boy Aldridge was getting calls and favored 2nd and 3rd...stop your crying
Jared Johnson::You say the game is one-sided but you don't say why the calls are not fouls on the Blazers.
Yuriy Townsend::Derrick Alderete youre a homer. fouls in favor of spurs....
Tim Gourley::Wesley with the dagger.  That's all folks!  Out with the OLD (Spurs), in with the NEW (Blazers)!
Tim Gourley::I expect the Blazers to go undefeated on this road trip (SA, OKC, Houston, Dallas).
Dean M. Roberts::Tim Gourley : nice thought but like my dad used to say,"want in one hand and s**t in the other and see which one fills up first". GO BLAZERS!
Luke McCoy::Where are the Blazer highlights ESPN??? ESPN, get a clue!!! You need to show more highlights of the WINNING TEAM. Time for all of us to head over to FOX sports news. Or straight to NBA.com. ESPN sucks
Dylan Hallman::Yeah no kidding. Two LA jumpers and that's it.
Matt Johnson::14 wins against the Spurs out of the last 19 times they played is pretty good for Portland.
Jeremy Lugo::Spurs lost in Portland early in the season,  time for revenge, GOOOOO!!!!! SPURS!!!!! GOOOOO!!!!! Contain Aldridge in the paint, play defense and keep it going as far as scoring!!!!!
Jacob Collier::Since when has it been about containing Aldridge in the paint, stop his unblockable turn around 15-18 foot jump shot should be your goal
Shareef Abu Zanet::its the trail blazers all the way, go blazers
Robert Lewis::I hope they win this game, but defense need 2 step it up..
Srecko Vukovich::What is  new ?? San Antonio Spurs just keep going and going and going !!! Amazing  durability and excellence year after year !! You got respect them ,if you not all ready  love them.  GSG !!!
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::portland is a great team and they are going to be around for awhile, but teams dont jump from missing the playoffs, to winning the west. they need experience. okc and san antonio are still the two best teams in the west when its all said and done. gsw, portland and houston are in the conversation but havent proven anything in the playoffs yet so i cant put them on the same level as okc and my spurs
Cody Palmer::Yes you can.  Blazers did and they have experience so your statement is wrong.
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::I believe my statement is correct. When was the last time they made the playoffs? In fact has lillard been to the playoffs yet? I rest my case
Blixa Ridgeback::Cody Palmer - how? experience when?
Billy Dawson::I think that it is great that San Antonio was the first team to thirty wins and that they are on a six game winning streak however the Blazers have seemed like they have San Antonio's number so sorry Spurs fan's you are just going to have to go ahead and take this "L" it's Portland's time to shine and you guys are just going to have to help us get win number thirty :)
Tim Gourley::Who's your daddy, San Antonio?! Despite the ridiculous theatrics of your Coach, you just have no clue how to beat Portland; and better pray you don't have to face us in the Playoffs, rofl.
Jacob W. Craven::Those were nice highlights of the losing team. Apparently the only noteworthy play of the Blazers all night was a jump shot with 3 minutes left.
Mike Newman::That highlight reel was pathetic. They wouldn't show any of the 3 point daggers that Mathews put in.
Don Layton::Every Spurs highlight followed by another Spurs highlight - and in between somehow the Blazers just magically put 4 points on the board - again. No mention. But I'm cool with it. Keep ignoring these guys ESPN. I love it. Keep Matthews & co mad.
Andy Blauvelt::TERRIBLE video summary/recap posted on this website. No mention of Wesley Matthews. All the talk about the Spurs. Crazy.
Don Layton::It was all magic. The Blazers didn't score those points. They were scored by little green elves. No highlights available.
Tim Gourley::Clearly, the Blazers are the younger, more talented team.  Out with the old, in with the new.
Cody Palmer::Yeah, it's definitely showing right now. Blazers are the better team.
Tim Gourley::Is there a team in professional sport that whines as much as the Spurs?  methinks not.
Derrick Alderete::Any team would complain....as you read the board both teams were complaining when not favored by the calls, refs were bad both sides on the ball  we got the calls mainly the fourth....Excessively
Meron Foto::Derrick Alderete  Pop is always working the refs.... hence the ejection. Plus Duncan.
Eric Teeter::I can think of 2 the Heat and the Clippers. And they start on the refs before the game starts.
Matt Johnson::Anybody else notice how many travels the Spurs get away with lol a lot.
Meron Foto::These refs are JOKE. My God!!
Derrick Alderete::Were you complaining earlier when they were calling garbage calls for Blazers, mainly for Aldridge?
Meron Foto::Derrick Alderete  You mean when Spurs got their first foul with 1 minute to go on the 4th?? You really have no room to complain about refs if you are Spurs fan. Blazers got their 4th foul with 9 minutes to go on 4th. Shhhhhhhh
Sandy Porter::Meron Foto That was just ridiculous w/those quick fouls.  I thought we'd lose due to being in the penalty pretty soon but fortunately we pulled through.
Mike Wagener::Spurs need this win against an elite team.  GO SPURS!
Karl Krause::The spurs have had how many straight 50 win seasons? Coming from a rockets fan, the spurs' consistency in winning makes them elite. Portland is not elite just because they've had a good half season.
Brandon Learfield::Both Teams are elite. Yea Spurs have been elite for years, they're a great team. But the Blazers have a solid team with the best chemistry in the league so you can't deny them being an "Elite" team this year.
Mike Wagener::Karl Krause , Spurs are elite, but Portland is loaded and ALWAYS gives SA trouble.
Neal Straka::Wow, great write-up ESPN. All Spurs all the time. No Blazers highlights except for "missed fouls" even though it was obvious the refs swallowed their whistles in the 4th qtr to give SA a fighting chance.
Michael Tomlinson::Thanks ESPN, Portland wins by 9 and all of the highlights are of the Spurs. TOP notch effort largest sports media outlet in the world....
Andrew Crampton::I think you are right about the Spurs- most favorable matchup for Portland of any of the playoff teams.
Jeff Wright::Sorry. Can't see why Pop is crying about the call.  Aldridge idid not dip his shoulder, simply dribbled, faced the basket and shot a jump shot.  #whining
Tim Gourley::With tonight's win, Portland is now 5-0 against other top four teams in the NBA this season (Oklahoma City 2, San Antonio 2, Indiana)
Tim Gourley::The Spurs simply can't beat elite teams because they aren't elite anymore.  Fact.
Derrick Alderete::We will see about that during february when Spurs come and play....every year for over a decade that has been our bread and butter, the second half....Not worried....but you all look good but need to start resting your starters before it hits you all, long season and they have started every game....watch those injuries
James Shinkle::The spurs have a better record than portland. How are they not elite?
Cody Palmer::Looks like Portland is being called for constant fouls
Rhys Williams::Every other freaking Spurs possesion
Jared Johnson::Are they not fouls though? Explain why they aren't.
Michael Soot::Jared Johnson I thought spurs fans were smart? Watch after Pop gets ejected how many extremely quick fouls portland gets. The whistles were blowing immediately almost as if they were anticipated.
