CandySparker::Miami 17 Fixers
63jjj::do the harlem shake
63MABS::I'm surprised ESPN is not transmitting the Heat games. They are supposed to be a channel showing what most people want to see but in the case of Miami Heat they have ignored the Champions and they have made a big mistake. I enjoy when I see great players such as Kobe B. Durant, C. Paul and others but at this moment James, Wade and the others in the Miami Heat are really the best but we are not able to see them because ESPN continue showing some games that are not attractive. I hope next year they have better taste. It is great to see Lakers, OKC, NY, Clippers but they shouldn't ignore the fact the James is at this moment one of the best and the Heat is a strong candidate to win the championship.
Tour De Lebron::Chris Bosh's Bday Bash!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2m60EHNzZws
OPENLYUGLY::The Heat really don't have a 17 game winning streak. It was REF FABRICATED!
blackmajik61::Its true, just like the 6 game streak earlier in the season when Lebron supposedly didn't foul anybody despite averaging 40 mins a game. Ok
georgepan::Lame.  Jealous troll.
FeFyeFoeRun::You are a Pathetic Troll! <b>FACT!</b>
FuNDAmeNtaLz101::heat will have that 17 game winning streak snapped on sunday against a real team when they play indiana. im not impressed easy schedule thats why they got it going cause its all scrub teams. they got lucky they beat the knicks... bad coaching that game not putting in amare in 4th. or else it would have been knicks 3-0 for the season.  #KNICKS2013CHAMPS
georgepan::The Knicks SUCK.  They started well, but they have been barely a .500 team for 2 months now.  Jealous Knicks trolls are hilarious.  Your team is turning into nothing but easy playoff fodder, and could have been more than this shell of a team they have become.    BTW, Indy will lose to the Heat, and it won't be close.  The Heat get up for the good teams, which is why they have beaten ALL of them, every team in the NBA, except for the Pacers which they should rectify on Sunday.
Mikeferrari23...::They beat okc , clippers ,lakers,bulls , and your sorry a.ss heartless Knicks   Honestly whose left? Sorry spurs?
FeFyeFoeRun::Kicks will be ELIMINATED in the First Round!
sassymama_007::BLACKHAWKS &gt; HEAT
georgepan::LMAO, the haters have to look into other sports to find something to smack the Heat with.  Now that the Blackhawks have been beaten soundly they'll bring in the Ottawa Fishbiter Curling team's glorious, undefeated season next.
beavis4play::what is blackhawks?
28All3Day28::this years heat team is better than any michael jordan team
Tour De Lebron::that's blasphemy right there.
harry961::Hey KOBE BRYANT...!!!  THE ONLY PAYER  WITH 40+ POINTS &amp; 10 ASSISTS IN BACK TO BACK GAMES SINCE  ...  MICHAEL JORDEN &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;!!!!!!!  SO WHO IS LIKE MIKE ..???  (^_^)
Franco2187::o wow 17 in a row big deal the clips did it earlier
georgepan::Not this late in the season.  This is the time when great teams put it all together and they show what they are made of.  No team is close.
SpudsMcDougal::The Sixers should dump all these losers except Holiday and Thad Young. Those two are the only ones who put out effort every night
Axe Radio::Who's going to beat the Heat? Only themselves! This team is loaded for bear.
Tour De Lebron::For bear? Lol nice.
Alabamian666::The East brings defense to the floor in the Finals......let those of you who are without sin cast the first stone upon your Champion Miami Heat!
Sprewell choke::Heat = best record in the NBA  Now Spur fans are trying to be the SEC and say that Western Conference is better, haha.  One difference the SEC won the title last yr...
FeFyeFoeRun::The West is <b>CRAP  FACT!</b>
georgepan::Heat are 23-5 against the Western Conference, they are 23-9 against the East.  The Heat has beaten up on the best teams from the Western Conference all season long.   Lack of stellar defense makes most teams from the West easy prey for the Heat.
Wade beat your best player... u r here cause u HATE the Heat::If your a Heat fan you can thank me...  If your not a Heat fan, you literally CANT finish watching this... and you know its true.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pPVzvf3nPxQ
ruedsone10::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JOWbbAqJVFA  Lebron James and DWade just W.O.W
hardwood_2x4::This bomb chain is off the hook, hit this king for 10G's, yo.  I ain't complain',  Just watch it and don't touch the dope ice.  Beatin’ you can hear me way around the corner,  Paint wet wit them 24's on ‘em that's a bet, yo.
ruedsone10::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JOWbbAqJVFA
falken751::Have you ever seen anything like the pairing of James and Dwayne Wade. Two superstars playing at this level of efficiency, shooting over 50 percent from the field. They invented and perfected the three-quarter-court, alley-oop outlet pass. They popularized the chase-down, hear-my-footsteps blocked shot at the rim. They’re lethal at both ends of the court. James and Wade are 94 feet of hell. It might take a fluke or an injury to stop the Heat’s winning streak.
georgepan::The Magic/Kareem tandem is the only one that compares as for such a high caliber  true "Batman and Batman" pairing (Jordan and Pippen were "batman and robin").
LeBronHasNoFullSeasonRing::Today is a banner day in my history of posting here. Because it is today that I announce my #BackTo5000 campaign: if we as a community can get the comments for LeBron's Quit Game back to 5000, I will donate $100 to the LeBron James Foundation as a gesture of goodwill.    So have at it. Spread the word. Here it is:    http://espn.go.com/nba/boxscore?gameId=300511005
georgepan::Lame
Theyhatememom::I want some of what Lebron is getting.   -Lance Armstrong.
B0SSaL1Nie::People keep forgetting Lebron aced the IOC testing...
georgepan::No, they know.  They just can't attack James on the merits of his game, which is clearly the best in the NBA, so they come in with childish nonsensical rants.
Mikeferrari23...::East is better than the west they actually play defense in the east which is why the only teams the heat struggle with  Pacers , celtics , bulls all are great defensively  Miamis blown out all the west top teams on this streak they're on.
oops1e::Agreed that the Eastern Conf is weak as heck.  Look at the Heat's division...what a joke.  Anytime a team puts together a long streak it is impressive, but in this case, it must be put into perspective as to how lousy everyone else is.
fjzerpa::too bad they beat the thunder, rockets, clippers, bulls, memphis, and knicks during this streak
georgepan::oops1e, you obviously are not very well informed, but that is what the Internet is for.  To wit, the Heat are 23-9 against the Eastern Conference, but have amassed an incredible 23-5 record against the West.   So, your remark that the Heat streak has to be "put into perspective as to how lousy everyone else is" is utter nonsense.  Due to the fact that the West teams have relatively weak defenses, the Heat match up better with teams from that conference, as their stellar record against West teams obviously shows.  Also, during this incredible Heat streak, the Heat have played and beaten the Thunder, the Clippers, the Grizzlies, the Lakers and the Rockets.  Prior to that the Heat have beaten the Nuggets twice, and San Antonio the only time they played them so far.    You see, the Heat have very little trouble beating up on West teams, because they have BOTH a great defense AND a great defense, while most teams out West have good offenses but don't usually feature great defenses.  Next time please research stats and records before spouting off.
falken751::Moron
falken751::.
coltranesteelkirt::you only need one good team to win the Championship.... WHen Detroit won a few years ago, they were the only good team in the East.
Dr_SmashU::Other then Wade, Melo, and injured Rose, what other Super Star does the Eastern Conference have?   Weak Conference.
georgepan::The East has LeBron James, Wade, Melo, DWill, Rose, Irving.  The West has.... Kobe, CPaul and Parker.  How is the West's true "superstar" assembly more impressive?  Makes no sense whatsoever.
falken751::The only thing Rose can do is shoot, he doesn't have any rebounds, assists or blocked shots, And of course he can't take a beating like LeBron takes every game. Do you morons ever go to a game or read the box scores and see LeBron's stats?
coltranesteelkirt::Kyrie, but who cares what bragging rights a conference has?    Its all about team.
LA Hair Clippers::"I got a goal and it's a huge goal and that's to bring a championship to the city of cleveland and I won't stop until I get it" - Lebron   uh huh...
TebowHater11::kind of hard to do that when your GM brings in no good talent to surround you with
fjzerpa::even harder when the start player carries several no names to the finals by scoring the last 23 points in the 4th quarter against the pistons
coltranesteelkirt::even harder to do when the team is good enough to get it done but the star player quits in the Playoffs.
Colby Brian Brick Mamba::Thank you!   I love you all
Colby Brian Brick Mamba::Bow down to the King you peasants!
coltranesteelkirt::Former baller here.... Its the NBA's worst kept secret that LeBron isn't very good at basketball, but other teams let him score because the NBA needs a savior.
leheat247::lol @ the cavs
coltranesteelkirt::LeBrons on the Heat.... Cleveland got rid of him, remember?
Colby Brian Brick Mamba::LeBron is the best player in the world.  But he is an even better human being.
falken751::I agree, Iv'e never seen a super star like him. Most super stars are complaining about something all of the time and I never saw a millionaire super star give so much back to his fans. And whenever he is interviewed he talks about the rest of the team, not just about what he did. I could go on and on,,,
LeBron James MVPX4::Only Bill Russell has 4 MVP's in a 5 year span. Russell / LeBron GOATS
Colby Brian Brick Mamba::LEBRON IS A VERY NICE PLAYER
coltranesteelkirt::Wake me me when LeBron and the Heat get as hot as Kyrie and the Cavs.
LeBron James MVPX4::wake up
Prime Time84::Well prepare yourself not to sleep the next decade then
Coconutfaninnaples::- Said nobody ever
cgjane::Lebron missed D.Rose's call, it had no ring.
Coconutfaninnaples::Shouldn't the joke be the other way around?
GreatnessRecords::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJUXMkYFiXo
NoThanks2U_25::Lmao this 'Hot.Pockets' is obviously gay
espn.comment.section.is.toxic::remember the last time someone liked my post besides myself? I suck - FACT  -Hot.Pockets--
jrw675::yup.  Hot.Pockets is one giant delta bravo.  fact
Alabamian666::"I gave you my other son and he turned out to be a burger flipping loser named' Hot,Pocket's' full of hatred for himself that he projects onto others, I apologize profusely."  _God Almighty
Hot.Pockets--::remember when Lebron won 5 rings? oh yeah that was Kobe , my bad
tomkamvo::They've won 17 straight.  Hard to motivate for crap teams.
thetrickbob::yeah i hope they dont struggle too much with the bobcats
thetrickbob::how hard is it to win when you have a team like the heat? and they can only beat orlando by 1? thats sorry
georgepan::The Spurs just lost at home to the Blazers by THIRTY points.  Yet, they might make it to the NBA Finals.   Are you just a wanna-be basketball "fan" who knows nothing about the game, or were you being facetious?
TebowHater11::you clearly are an idiot
tomkamvo::Ha
thetrickbob::yeah but its basketball so who cares?
tomkamvo::Yup he sucks all right.  About to win 4th MVP and second title.  LOL
thetrickbob::lol lebron sucks
Alabamian666::There's the East, the West and then there is.....LeBron the GOAT
Alabamian666::"I give you my son LeBron, enjoy his skills now for one day this will all be gone,"  _God Almighty
tomkamvo::Kobe lovers can't face facts.  Too bad.
tomkamvo::Shaq would've won with my HS team around him.
tomkamvo::Last time I checked Kobe lost in finals in 2004 and 2008.  What is your point?
Hot.Pockets--::4 rings? oh yeah he's got 5.
Hot.Pockets--::funny how Dirk struck down the king. lol
espn.comment.section.is.toxic::funny how Dallas is irrelevant now.
thetrickbob::the heat are a joke
thetrickbob::and lebron has 1 ring? impressive if he was at cleveland he would still have nothing, he plays for a good team now they should win alot, its sorry if they dont
tomkamvo::Oh right bulls won those games too.  Irrelevant.  They got smashed in 5 when the games mattered.
tomkamvo::What happened in the reg season the year they lost in 5?
thetrickbob::plus the bulls already beat them without rose this year
thetrickbob::the heat beat orlando by 1......
tomkamvo::And Rose couldn't score bc LBJ shut him down.
tomkamvo::Ha.  Last time they had Rose they lost in 5 with home court.  Um??
thetrickbob::*if
thetrickbob::the bulls had rose they would ball all over them
georgepan::The Bulls are merely mediocre, with or without Rose.  They got rid of their entire bench and are no longer deep.  Their bad moves in the offseason, which has hurt their overall competitiveness, are the main reason Rose's manager/brother went off on Bulls' management and why, despite being cleared by the Docs, we will likely not see Rose back this year.   The Bulls don't have a good team to surround Rose with.
Alabamian666::LMAO
tomkamvo::A joke that is going to repeat.
tomkamvo::Fact:  LBJ better in every statistical measure career wise than Kobrick. Fact:  Lebron 13-6 v. Kobe. Fact:  3 MVPs in 4 years. Fact:  defending champs. Fact:  Kobe played with Shaq for three titles and was 5-20 in game 7 v. Celtics.
georgepan::GoGreen, you have mediocre teams where ONE player basically wills the team to the playoffs - see James in Cleveland or Bosh in Toronto.  When Shaq left the Lakers Kobe could not do the same thing in LA, indeed the team missed the playoffs two years in a row.   Kobe is a great scorer, but he simply isn't a team leader like a James, Chris Paul are or what Magic or Jordan were.
tomkamvo::Yeah he needed Pau and Bynum.  Forgetful?
GoGreen3011::And this is relevant because?  I guess no other great player in history has needed other players to win a championship....gotcha.  How dare Kobe fans give Kobe credit for a championship that he didn't win playing by himself 1 on 5.
GoGreen3011::LOL
tomkamvo::Shaq and Pau have strong shoulders...they carried Kobe to titles 5 times.
GoGreen3011::LOL
tomkamvo::Kobe misses the playoffs unless he has an all star team.
GoGreen3011::All stars like Rick Fox, Robert Horry, Derrick Fisher and Brian Shaw?  How about Trevor Ariza?  OK.  Most great players have played alongside one or two other great players and the rest good role players.  Kobe is no different.
tomkamvo::I guess Gasol and Bynum are chumps?  What a stupid argument.  Oh yeah.  SHAQ.
TebowHater11::Gasol and Bynum...you can try again though
Hot.Pockets--::Kobe won two without Shaq . try again buddy. lol
Hot.Pockets--::5 rings better then stats and one lock out ring-- FACT   Lebron has one of the biggest chokes ever in the finals-- FACT. he needed Wade and Bosh and Wade didn't need Lebron to win- FACT
TebowHater11::how did kobes season go after they traded shaq? o yea they didnt make the playoffs at all...in fact they werent even relevant again until they got gasol
SupaMarlin::Mr Hot.Pockets--, would you PLEASE stop grasping on me! Every little FAILED argument, you're looking for me like it's out of style!!  -Straws
YesSirYes::Old MacDonald had a farm,  E-I-E-I-O.  And on his farm he had some chicks,  E-I-E-I-O.  With a chick, chick here, And a chick, chick there, Here a chick, there a chick, Everywhere a chick, chick,  Old MacDonald had a farm,  E-I-E-I-O.
tomkamvo::You are simply an irrational hater.  LBJ is the best player on earth right now. It's not close.  Having trouble dealing with that, eh ?
tomkamvo::Sorry.  23-5.
tomkamvo::Hot Pocket--  The west v. east argument goes kaput when the Heat are 22-5 against the west.  Dummy.
Hot.Pockets--::Rockets won 22 in a row in 08. this is really not that big of a deal just espn likes to lick lebrons balls.
TebowHater11::yea and remember ESPN was all over the rockets too...it is impressive regardless of the team...quit hating on the king
SupaMarlin::You sound jealous....LeBron's balls that is
leheat247::welcome to city wok can i take your order
Zoot Suit Riots::Yes I'd like to try the city chicken
Hot.Pockets--::lakers won 33 in a row. let me know when the heat even get close. lol
MiamiFan2004::21st century called...
Hot.Pockets--::so old records don't count? C'mon man why even keep them if they expire? keep up son
HeatManZE.......::i am letting you know ...that your hot pocket is getting cold kid
Hot.Pockets--::whens the last time lebron won a title in a full season? oh thats right he hasn't
MiamiFan2004::Yawn.  Weak, old, and disproven argument.
leheat247::^hater
Hot.Pockets--::lock out year --- fact
leheat247::cause it was a full postseason dunce
Hot.Pockets--::why do you hate facts?
leheat247::LETS GO HEAT NATION 18 tomorrow and revenge
