Kskate2::Breaking news: Jeremy Lin having knee surgery, will be out 6 weeks.  What will this do for the Knicks and I wonder will the Bucks surpass them.
LeoPat11::Pistons are bad.
1908gocubs::carlos boozer has been good this year. without him playing well, the bulls would be in a lot worse shape. he should be trusted in the playoffs.
Cards4071::let's not freak out about the standings... The celtics and 76ers just switched because they switched places n their division.
Erica6592::jusy\t making observations
Cards4071::Right, but it was bound to happen. I just want to make sure that nobody thinks the celtics are making some crazy charge.
Erica6592::I just saw the Eastern Conference standings 1, Bulls 2. Heat 3.Magic 4. Celtics 5. Pacers 6. Hawks 7. Sixers 8.Knicks Are there things that stick out to anyone?
Erica6592::for those of you who saw the playoffs last season, wwhat else sticks out(if the playoffs started today)?
Erica6592::I know.....they are coming out of no where lol
RyanCarranza::How in the?  The sixers just died!!
RyanCarranza::Jesus Christ the Celtics...
Stryker Rip Strongheart::I really hope that Thibs is just resting Rose at this point, and that he'll play him on Sunday. I think that if Rose has fully recovered, then now is probably the best time in the season to put him (and Rip) back into the rotation. These next few games will be perfect for integrating the entire roster and making a big run to carry momentum into the playoffs.
29thrasher::No way man.. Its a groin issue, one little tweak and he will be out another month. Let him rest another game or 2 and start rose against boston. that will give rose 11 games to get back in the flow. Hypothetically speaking, lets say bulls and thunder make it to the finals, but rose goes down and dosent play? setting rose tomorrow would do the bulls good if they win.. If I was a bull and I beat OKC at home without our star player I would feel unbeatable. IMO.
RyanCarranza::Couldn't agree more!
Jaguarcrazyboy::Not a blow out but a very nice victory by Bulls. I like seeing them win these close games.. It shows they know how to win.
dam9181::John Lucas III&gt;Mario Chalmers
yardog59::The Bulls have too many weapons for any team in the East to Conquer. It's a true T E A M effort that wins game after game without Rose. There's no other team in the league that can do what the Bulls have done, and when Rose comes back healthy and rested, they're going to charge through the playoffs. History will be made!!
AbyssinianLion::Bulls just keep rolling thru
Lerobin_::stokez5802 Big Three score 86 in Heat's victory over Raptors.......That's why you won't beat us in a seven game series......hard for three people to score on us like this.....GO BULLS!!. ========  yea like last postseason....
JetsRTrash::Chicago wont even make the East Finals with Boozer the LOOZER + that UGLY Woman Noah!
Stryker Rip Strongheart::Boozer's been getting better and better...even his defense is starting to improve, albeit marginally. But him and Noah make a fantastic tandem frontcourt offense.
rosemasw::well they did last year so....
JaytHewRit3r::JetsRTrash.....Please go back to the Heats board and troll.
YHM226::Must be a heater,Big3 86,Bench 27=1st or 2nd round exit.
53Kevin::How da hell do you even kno wat the Bulls will or won't do you $@%!!
23sportsplex::Noah is bad @ss, they will make it...but run into some trouble
CandySparker::Noah Lotta Love!
stokez5802::Big Three score 86 in Heat's victory over Raptors.......That's why you won't beat us in a seven game series......hard for three people to score on us like this.....GO BULLS!!
I Hate Heat Bandwagoners::Go troll somewhere else Heatster
Bede Bears 2::http://www.thebasketbulls.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/kidswatching-THE-CHICAGO-BULLS-.jpg  Funny image summarizing Derrick Rose's lack of respect from refs.
stokez5802::nice...lol
Bede Bears 2::Really hope the refs get their heads out of their $@%!$ and give Rose the freethrows he deserves, or else all these injuries he throws himself into to purposely draw fouls that he isn't getting are going to destroy him. It's just really sad that he has to whip his body all over the court and draw actual fouls and not be rewarded, when players like Wade flop really hard and get freethrows for nothing but acting.
53Kevin::Wade don't even have to flop hard.You can just walk by him without even touching him and he'll flop and get a call.
I Hate Heat Bandwagoners::HA nice
The Stolen Taco::Heatster won the lottery, lottery of being a loser.
The Stolen Taco::LETS GO BULLS
DABULLS1111108::AHHHH I think ----Heatster went to bed.
trademarktaz::I hate the stretches where the Bulls are better than the Pistons after a little Pistons dominance. Good thing we're always the first team to come up and knock the Bulls back to Earth.
Stryker Rip Strongheart::Haha the Pistons have been a thorn in our side for a long time...of course I live in Michigan, so Detroit is like my second team.   The Pistons are poised to have a good year next year. The offense is atrocious, but the defense is actually quite good. Next year, hopefully Dumars can make some smart moves and move some players around...next year's Draft class looks pretty legit too.
DABULLS1111108::The Pistons were good??
jhop10052::hahahaha when was this good sir?
45Miami::Looks like Miami is going to have an easier matchup in the first round than chicago. It looks like they will play the 76ers while Chicago will get the Knicks.
Stryker Rip Strongheart::This is actually sort of true...Miami has more trouble with offensive-minded teams than teams like Philly who are all defense. It's not a bad thing, but Philly has been getting their $@%!$ kicked by Miami all year long. It's not a matchup I'd wanna see.
poodagg::lol knicks are still lackluster!
JaytHewRit3r::And how is that easier? The 76ers are who the Heat should not want to face. Oh well...to each it's own.
lamriverside7::wowow
lamriverside7::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6avHXtJPt88
DragonFox09::the Bulls magic number is 6. all they need is 6 more wins to lock up #1 overall seed in the playoffs as noone is catching them not MIA or OKC
Rick-Da-Villain::Da Bulls lead the heat by 3.5..so i think your right
jhop10052::boom
miketatham34::That can't be correct
53Kevin::Miketatham34 sounds like a scared Heat fan.LOL
ttecza::Magic number for conference is 12. Division is 5.
miketatham34::Can't be true.  The Bulls have 13 games left and only lead the Heat by 2 games in the loss collumn. 6 more wins only secures 48 wins.  The Heat have 16 games left and have 37 wins, what if they go 12-4 to finish?  49 wins is more than 48.  Focus on the loss collumn.
DABULLS1111108::its true
Jimmy45795::You know the Bulls are good when they don't even have to play there best player The MVP, The White Mamba, Brian Scalabrine
I Suck at Brackets...::Well, just saw the Blazers get cheated.  What's up here?
Jeff7Kv::When was the last time we beat the Bulls?
Rick-Da-Villain::December 2008
JaxFl45::Good luck Chicago Bulls when your MVP, Derrick Rose, return. They are winning now as they were earlier when Rose was out but when he comes back, the ball hogging will begin. They won't be winning then because they will have to pass the ball to the hog until his shot falls. If they are lucky, his shots will start to fall early in the games. Sorry, Derrick Rose is so overrated. Chicago fans better hope he stays hurt.
yardog59::BWAAAAA.The guy is # 8 in the league in assists, idiot!!
jhop10052::DROSE alllllll day. makes the bulls go from good to unbelievable; and thats why were winning the ship this year
happster87::Bulls with Rose 28-6(.824) Bulls without Rose 14-5(.737). I wish people would get their facts straight while hating on D-Rose. Only to hate on him you have to change his stats to make him look bad. Stupid haters...
GetOffMeDude::the bulls are better statisticaly when Rose plays. shove that up your arze.
JaytHewRit3r::Actually JaxFl45....The ignorance comes from you. You don't know what you're talking about. The Bulls are a dominating 27-6 with Rose this year.
53Kevin::JaxFl45,keep your nose out of Bulls business bcause you don't know what the hell you are talking about.The Bulls win more with Rose.They are winning without him now bcause they are a team.With Rose or without Rose they still play team ball.So unless you are watching the games when Rose does play,$@%!! Yo know nothing about the Bulls!Focus on your on team that sucks!Whichever one that is.My hunch is it's the overrated Heatles!And you're another one of those know nothing,aint nothing Heat Trolls!
Rick-Da-Villain::Jax get your dumbassss outta here...You type stupid....no one cares what you think trick
GetOffMeDude::have you shoved you stats up your arze yet coz all i hear is blahblahblah
JaxFl45::People use less than favorable language due to a lack of vocabulary. Consider this my first and only response to your ignorance. The Bulls win more without Derrick Rose. End of story.
beardown197275::ain't it a fri nite stop trolling and hating on the bulls and get out the house and enjoy ur self
JaxFl45::Mr. Simple, please go to bed.
Lord Of Da Bulls::What? Bulls beat another team down without the reigning mvp drose. teams comin into the playoffs with a lot of momentum nba finals here we come!
Rick-Da-Villain::What's Da Bulls magic number to clinch the division and conference??
DragonFox09::their division is about 4 and conference about 6 or 7 as the Heat can only catch them by basically going undefeated the last 16 or so games they have
beardown197275::good ?
jml00a::So when do we start getting concerned with Rose missing all these games?  I'm starting to get a little worried that he is taking this long to heal up.  I know it's a condensed season and I know we want him fresh for the playoffs, however, this seems like it may be nagging.  Thoughts?
Jimmy45795::Only thing I worry about is when he comes back will he be rusty.
Finalize::Last year he seemed gassed in the playoffs and i think he even mentioned it a bit.  I have no problem with him resting as much as needed.  I know this year he will not have to carry the team as much as last year, but overall the rest is okay.  A week of games or so before the playoffs is alright in my opinion.  To get back in the groove.
beardown197275::just the team being cautious and as long as they winning i dont mind as long as he gets bac in time to get in game shape
Rick-Da-Villain::Sixers have lost 1st place in their division and have drop from 3rd seed to 7th seed ...funny because when they beat da bulls earlier in the season ...their fans was saying their team owns da bulls....now they're crying...bwbwhahaha ...
yardog59::LMFAO @ ESPN for still posting the "Heat Index"
Norvin1980::But of course they are the better team. Just wait till the playoffs.....
Finalize::They had to make it as easy as possible for Heat bandwagoners.  They tend to be slow and have trouble navigating on the site.
Bulldogbasketball20::Breaking: Erving Walker charged in theft of taco. I'm not kidding.
I Suck at Brackets...::could of been worse
ronbo 236::Sure he wasn't mistaken it for a camel toe!!
yardog59::Pretty funny, just got done reading about it. Can't fix stupid!!!
I Suck at Brackets...::Nice to see Joakim Noah getting better offensively this year.
----Heatster::I see you got jokes. Kevin Hart's got nothing on you  .
jimbabbitt::Heatster, you really do have to stop this continual "liking" of your own posts.  Thoughts?
I Suck at Brackets...::stop liking your own status
Rick-Da-Villain::Or you neither
lamriverside7::D-fish killed the lakers! haha  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6avHXtJPt88
I Suck at Brackets...::trying to get views?
yardog59::1) Chicago 2) OKC 3) San Antonio 4) Miami 5) Orlando
yardog59::It's a sympathy vote.
ronbo 236::Miami's in the top 5 are you sure..
Bulldogbasketball20::"You guys wanna ignore the fact that the Bulls have played like 9 games with all their starters this season, and are still up on us by 3.5 games?" "sure" ~Heat trolls
Rick-Da-Villain::65 games combine total their starters have miss
Heatfansareajoke::Bulls will have to play lights out to beat the thunder without rose and rip
chisoldier::Rose and Rip will probably play sunday
Rick-Da-Villain::They beat Miami w/o them guys ...the thunder aren't that much better..
Im Lebrons Hairline::Who needs Derrick Rose
ronbo 236::Obviously every team cause they can't keep with the Bulls!!
Bulldogbasketball20::Blake Griffin sure can deliver the rim rockers...       From the free throw line!
adisaacson83::"Heatster, you know I like the red panties better!" - Chris Bosh
yardog59::Heatster, didn't the Heat win tonight?? Kinda odd that you choose to be here instead of the Heat board.
yardog59::OT couldn't save the Heat from the Bucks. Oh wait, the Bucks didn't need OT.
----Heatster::I know, they didn't need an OT miracle to beat the lowly Raptors  Who's with me?  .
stokez5802::Take away the"big 3"and you're a college team...lol
stokez5802::Big Three score 86 in Heat's victory over Raptors
yardog59::Bulls road record   21 -- 6 Heat road record   16 -- 11   Nobody jealous except you and the rest of the Heat trolls
Bulldogbasketball20::why the hell would I be jealous, we won 4 straight road games by 20+. nobody has EVER done that.
----Heatster::In the end, it was a double digit W on the road. I think someone is jealous  Thoughts?  .
Bulldogbasketball20::we beat them without a top 5 player. you had all your guys healthy, bosh and wade exploded, and you were tied in the 4th. get over yourself.
----Heatster::Anyhow, word on the street is that OKC will have their easiest game of the season this Sunday, might rest some starters.  Discuss.  .
DABULLS1111108::Guys there is no need to fight with this low-life bum. He gets self-pleasure when we respond in a negative way. We will prove to him when we beat the Heat in the play-offs! Deuces!!
Rick-Da-Villain::The Thunder had their easiest game already with the heat..didn't you watch the game?  Try again jr
ronbo 236::ya I agree with sucking at brackets their easiest game was against the Heat it was like practice for them!!
chisoldier::I feel sorry for your mother
Dissention83::He doesn't have one. He was a test-tube baby for two gay dudes.
Rick-Da-Villain::In a O Dog voice...what you say about my mommy? ?
yardog59::The Bulls have been resting some of theirs since before the last Heat game. Doesn't seem to matter much, they just     keep     winning!
I Suck at Brackets...::their easiest game was a few days ago...
chisoldier::I didnt win the mega millions but at least the Bulls won
DABULLS1111108::The government should do this more often. I heard that 1.8 billion dollars worth of tickets were sold. Maybe this country could get out of debt by this!! Jk!
ttecza::$1,000,000,000 on Tuesday if it rolls over. LMFAO!
ttecza::Jordan probably won. HA!
ttecza::mega ball = 23
yardog59::I haven't checked my numbers yet, but one of my mega balls matched one of the five numbers.
ttecza::I just got back from the store and the clerk said it's possible because the mega ball matched 1 of the 5 numbers. Like you said, somebody had to win.
chisoldier::As many tickets that were sold, somebody had to win... i  hope not though and it rolls over lol.
Heatfansareajoke::I hate the heat but wade is the best 2 guard since jordan
Norvin1980::Kobe is a chucker!!!!
Artavia9558::dude  u dumb!!! You can't for get about the guard who played against jordon fool!!!! And that's kobe!!
Bulldogbasketball20::I think someone forgot about a guy named Kobe
adisaacson83::No Kidding
Heatfansareajoke::who is better then
adisaacson83::Bahahahahaha please stop my sides are hurting
Heatfansareajoke::Lol few days ago knicks fans thought they could beat the bulls in the first round
I Suck at Brackets...::I used to like the Cavs when LeBron was there.   -Heatster.
----Heatster::Nah, I was following the Heat w/ their own mega superstar Wade  .
Dissention83::Bullshi.t
ronbo 236::Heatster is dillusional!!
I Suck at Brackets...::There's a difference between being delusional and trolling.  Heatster is a troll.
Heatfansareajoke::who remembers the classic nba on nbc theme.
ladangyalin::idiot...
Heatfansareajoke::that was actually funny heatster
----Heatster::I only post facts  .
----Heatster::I think that was around the last time the Bulls were any good (about 20 yrs ago or so), If I'm not mistaken.  Thoughts?  .
Bulldogbasketball20::up 3.5 m'f'n games.
Heatfansareajoke::i love the bulls but they need more scoring to win a nba championship.
Bulldogbasketball20::they COULD still pull one out, but i agree. although they look much less potent with Rose out, obviously
ronbo 236::They average 98 a game which is tenth in the league and they only give up 88 points..i'll take that!!
