HeatDolphinsYankeesNoles::LeBron can play (and guard) all five positions on the floor. Name me another player who can do that.
npatel99::not kobe
SanDimasFootballRulz::MWP getting ZERO rebounds in 36 minutes is pathetic and inexcusable.
HeatDolphinsYankeesNoles::He needs to retire.  As Ron Artest
mporreca57::Michael Jordan 1989 Season over a 12 game stretch Pts               Assists              Rebounds 34                    17                           7 21                    12                         12 33                    11                         12 32                    10                         10 37                    10                         10 27                    12                         14 33                    12                         10 31                    10                         13 40                    11                          7 40                    12                         10 47                    13                         11 29                    12                         10 This year in the final 24 games of season Jordan was moved to point guard. Final 24 games of season he recorded 12 tripledoubles and averaged 33 points. 11 assists, 10 rebounds. For the entire season Jordan averaged 32.5, 8 assists, 8 rebounds and shot 54% and had over 200 steals. What if Jordan played point guard the entire season and just scored 20-25 a game instead of 30-35. Jordan would have averaged a tripledouble for season. And what if Jordan played point guard his entire career and was a passer first and a scorer second. He would be up there on the list for alltime tripledoubles. This season Backs this up. But Jordan did what he needed to do to win. And Just so you know in 1989 Jordan had bums on his team. If these numbers arent making the players around you better what is. UNREAL. And under this 12 game span Jordan averaged 34 points, 12 assists, 10.5 rebounds
ncjcrsu::The game was played at a faster pace back in the 80s and early 90s (hence, Jordan's high stats). Teams averaged around 108 ppg.  Heck, in 81-82, Denver averaged around 125 PPG, a ridiculous number to think of now.    People are just admiring the fact that LeBron is average 27-8-7 in the game now.  Not taking a shot at Jordan, but the game and talent dispersal now is a lot different than when Jordan played.
benjisco::Jordan without question was/is/always will be the best ever. Problem here is 90% or more of the posters here never heard or saw the greats of the past : Jabbar,Chamberlain,Russell and another player James still trails whose name is rarely if ever mentioned: the only NBA player to average a triple double in a season: Oscar Robertson.Kids may have the facts/numbers from the internet if you didn't see these legends you can't pass judgement. I saw them all in person many times at MSG and the Spectrum.James has a long way to go
evansfamily44::When the Chicago Bulls retire Lebron's Miami Heat #6 jersey and hang it in Chicago, then will I admit he is MIcheal's equal. But until then Micheal is still the greatest and that is why his #23 hangs from the rafters in Miami.Yes, that's right, MIami, Because he was that good. Jordan is the only player to ever have his number retired by a team he never played for.
hardicd::I think you saw the ideal formula last night for Miami if DWADE stays and keeps getting healthy. I still trust him more in the 4th and in pressure situations. Don't get me wrong, LB proved he can come up big when it matters last year but LB being the stat king and best overall player in game and then having DWADE close games more times than not is going to be really hard to stop in the playoffs...
RNYC::Please stop with the LBJ MJ comparisons. It's not close LBJ is not on MJs level. Everything LBJ has done MJ has done it and done it perhaps better at various points of his career. His numbers speak for themselves. Plus he did it in an era that was WAY MORE PHYSICAL. You breathe on LBJ and there's a foul. Players were mauled during Jordan's era.   41pts 8.5 Rebs 6.3 ast IN a FINAL. C'mon. He's the GOAT. It's not close.
evansfamily44::I have watch both of them there entire careers. Lebron is a good player and arguably a top 20 ball player of all time. Lebron still has 6 years of his prime left to accomplish many great things. But to be better than MJ he would need to win a title every year of his prime and be the best player in the league year after year. I don't see it happening, because Durrant is currently a better player than Lebron. Lebron is better than KD in many ways which are obvious, but KD has heart and that is something LBJ will never have.
n3gr0sax0n::Jordan was the primary scorer broseph. LeBron facilitates a lot more often. I guess you didn't know that. LeBron's frame can handle being in a rough league. But you need to play up to the rules of the game in order to take full advantage. If refs are going to call a foul relatively easily, then it's in the players' best interest to sell the call - even flopping if necessary. Players don't flop because they're soft and can't handle contact. They do it because it helps sell the call.  Jordan and James can be compared. If you don't believe that now, just wait a little longer.
RNYC::Lebron is not the primary scorer?  MJs  numbers are quite balanced broseph and his ability to facilitate is great as well.  I guess u didn't realize this. MJ averages 6.0 assists in the finals for his career.  Secondly you really want look at that stat line and conclude that his game isn't MORE balanced as LBJ? Really?!   No one's questioning LeBrons frame. The point is MJ put up with a lot more contact and still put up ridiculous numbers as the league in his era gave defensive players way more latitude than they have today. Just stop.   Finally you've resorted to giving James credit for flopping. Ima fan of lebron but jeez my man that's definitely not a selling point for any player.
We are never ever ever getting back together::I guess you didn't hear, 6.5 assists as well, that is basically what Lebron averages
dw3fan2412::poor wade. he has been playing great and did better than lebron against houston and la but all people talk about is lebron.  espn sucks. They undermine,undervalue and completely neglect another player just to hype lebron more.
swilyboi::lbj is  great player,  top ten easy when he is done but his game is more of what it always should have  been a power foward ,  he is a more athletic Karl Malone which no insult if if you know your nba history. Malone - 89-90 , 31 ppg 11.1 reb 2.8 ast  56.2% Malone - 92 -93 ,  27 ppg 11 reb 3.8 ast 55 .2 % Mlone - 96 - 97 , 27 ppg 9.9 reb 4.5 ast 55.0 %  just few season look up his stats  Barkely - 87-88 , 28 ppg 11.9 reb 3.2 ast 58% Barkely - 88-89 , 25.8 ppg 12.5 reb 4.1 ast 57% Barkely - 89-90 , 25.2  ppg 11.5 reb 3.9 ast  60% Barkely - 90-91 , 27.6 ppg 10.1 reb 4.2 ast 57% lbj is better than both but keep some perspective and stop drinking the espn koolaid !!!
swilyboi::And when he started to play down low , championship !
tommygunz1989::he has guard speed tho and great handles but he is more effective with he plays down low in the post
tommygunz1989::your right tho, the problem with lebron is he dont really compare to anybody he has top levels skills at just about everything, and the size to do it, so its hard to grade him with other players
swilyboi::He is a great passer and defender which separates him from Barkely and Malone but look at his moves besides the on the go  spin move  and open court dunks he doesn't have guard moves he is to big .
swilyboi::He is not a shooting guard he is the new power foward which is fine but he is in the Malone mold not the MJ mold . I bet every playoff team would love lbj and his new confidence to stay on the outside like he use to they would sign up for that today !!!!
tommygunz1989::i kinda agree but not really cause lebron has the post skills of those guys yes but he also a wayyyy better shooter, and one of the best passer of all time
swilyboi::But his championship run and his knew game are because he embraced his true roots a power foward  ,  thats why he went to hakeem to turn learn how to play on the blocks , and Malone and Barkley were good mid rang guys who were also good in the open court ..lbj is better but he is more in their mold .
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::His true roots are as a guard.  He just happens to be very big.  But yes, him embracing the post is what has really made him unstoppable... that coupled with his confidence in his jump shot and his court vision.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::Those are power forwards.  LeBron entered the league as a guard.  The most threes Malone ever attempted in a season was 43.  LeBron is shooting 56% while on pace to attempt 300 threes.
DaveHIII::Just when we started to tolerate Espn's Lebron crush they go on this ridiculous stat thing about LBJ which none of us care. So now we got to deal with Espn gushing for the rest of the NBA season assuring the MVP for him since many of the voters work for Espn and have signed the "don't talk bad about Lebron clause"  enough can we just watch. Oh btw Kobe, Michael, and Wilt have had similar streaks during their careers so what, we don't care get a clue Espn
swilyboi::He did it because paxson was hurt and after that he and the coaching staff figured out that pippen needed the ball in his hands to be more effective , so MJ reduced his game for team success , young dudes don't know about this .
RNYC::These young dudes also don't recognize MJ put these ridiculous stats up when the league was waaaaaay more physical. You breathe on lebron and he gets a whistle. Players were mauled in MJs era
tommygunz1989::but mj only had 28 for his career so 10 in 11 game sounds like something he was trying to do more than part of his game and the bulls also lost half of their during his streak
RNYC::What are u on crack?  He did b/c he's great and he can. If its so easy and let's see if LBJ can do it.
swilyboi::MJ -10 straight triple doubles in the 89 season , talk to me when lbj does that !!!
DaveHIII::Now I'm sorry I responded your not a basketball fan your a worshipper, conversation over
DaveHIII::Jordan Russell Wilt Kareem Malone Kobe take a number he'll be on the list but until then do we need every made up Espn stat rammed down our throats I'm just saying no hate just b-ball
kmoe332::LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James - He left Kobe in the dust long ago.  Only Jordan, Wilt and Kareem can challenge LeBron for GOAT honors.  little backwards wouldnt you say? I mean come on man get real for a minute
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::He left Kobe in the dust long ago.  Only Jordan, Wilt and Kareem can challenge LeBron for GOAT honors.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::LeBron is having a historic season.  Why can't you just appreciate how special and rare it is instead of crying about the coverage?  Isn't it the right thing to do to marvel at this rare level of greatness?
d_gio12::People hate the best man. It's sad.
fairandbalanced00::D.WADE scoring 30 on kobrick while being a second option, Imagine if he was the first option, no doubt he is the best overall SG in the NBA today.
kmoe332::he needs to stop flopping though... it really does not look good
d_gio12::NO DOUBT
FTLakerFan::James is one of the best regular season players of all time, but until he does it consistently in the playoffs and gets some more rings, he doesnt deserve to be talked about with Jordan
DaveHIII::Easy to compile stats when you have the at least 18 seconds of the 24 second clock check out a game see if I'm wrong
swilyboi::@FTlakerfan - and should of lost the celtics if not for some bad calls .
d_gio12::@swilyboi -- chill
swilyboi::2011 finals biggest choke job by a player of his talents ever , biggest drop off of numbers by any superstar ever in the finals !!!!!!!
kmoe332::Nobody was calling Jordan the GOAT before his first ring. come on now
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::FTLakerFan - it is premature to even talk about James and Jordan in the same breath, way to early, let James win 6 rings and we will talk  Jordan was considered GOAT by many even before he had 1 ring.  Same thing was happening with LeBron... except now he has 1 ring...  It's just tradition.
kmoe332::not even rings, but everything overall.. There is no argument yet
FTLakerFan::it is premature to even talk about James and Jordan in the same breath, way to early, let James win 6 rings and we will talk
FTLakerFan::all James has is statistics, and 1 ring from a short season, until he proves he can do it when it the pressure is the highest it means nothing, he has always been afraid to take the last shot, still is even in regular season games, he does not want to be the one with the ball with the game on the line, so dont talk to me about meaningless stats
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::It was irregular in that it was more difficult and strenuous... the compressed schedule didn't allow for any rest or recovery...  it was probably one of the most difficult championships to win.
FTLakerFan::you cant deny it was an irregular season and therefore not comparable with regular 82 game seasons, with a proper preseason, then you had the injuries to key players in the east that left Miami a clear and easy path to the finals, but even with all that they almost lost to Indiana
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::<i>"Jordan had hated the reputation that he was a great player, perhaps the greatest ever to play the game, but that he would never be able to win a championship ring.  All of his skills came together last season in the Finals, giving him the championship some said he would never attain."  -Sports Illustrated on Jordan, Dec. 1991</i>  Jordan was also thought of as a guy who could never win the big game.  People were wrong about him just like they were wrong about LeBron.
d_gio12::I'm gonna jump back in real quick and say don't start with that shortened season bs. Every team played the same amount of games and if anything, playing back to back to back is tougher than the schedule of a normal season.
FTLakerFan::how about when James lost in the playoffs a couple of years ago and wouldn't shake the opposing teams hands, you want to go back in history?
d_gio12::I'm going to bow out and let you two fight it out. 'How about this and What about that" can go on for days...
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::LeBron closed that series with 27 points, 19 rebounds and 10 assists.  Are you going to tell me he didn't show up for that game?
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::No one is more consistent than LeBron in the playoffs.  He's the only player in history to have a career average of 28/9/7 in the playoffs.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::"Jordan was at his best when the pressure was the highest"  ...except when he lost a game 7 to the Detroit Pistons in 1990 and then was found crying on the team bus afterwards....  LeBron leads all NBA players in history in both Game 7 scoring average and elimination game scoring average.
d_gio12::Thats not true, he didn't choke every big game in the playoffs, he had a couple bad games. I think everyone in NBA history has had a couple bad games in the playoffs though.
FTLakerFan::you have to do it when it matters, James is great at compiling stats when it doesnt matter, Jordan was at his best when the pressure was the highest
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::http://www.nba.com/playoffs2007/news/lebron_historic_night.html
FTLakerFan::and up until last year, he choked every big game in the playoffs
d_gio12::Your'e like a LeBronopedia...
d_gio12::I think his postseasons have been pretty good, aside from last year, his championship games haven't been inconsistent.
FTLakerFan::Lakers should trade Howard before the deadline, he is a cancer on the team, when Nash doesn't like you, there is really something wrong with you, dump this guy
devo1983::What a Silly debate. Not only is Lebron James the most untradeable player in the NBA; he's the most untradeable player of all-time. Yes, more untradeable than Jordan. I know, I know Jordan won 6 championships with 6 Finals MVPs and 9 scoring titles. I'm a Jordan fan. I know. But I don't think there's been anybody that does more for his team than what Lebron James does for the Miami Heat. He guards the opposing team's fastest/ strongest/ biggest player. He'll then get the rebound, bring the ball up court, set the offense, either  (1) find his open teammate for a lay-up or uncontested jump shot (2) barrel down the lane for layup OR  (3) shoot the 3 (at 40%!), then hustle back on defense and do it again. And he does this all game long. He never gets tired. This guy's amazing. I hope people stop hating and really appreciate his talent.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::Jordan at 28:  27.7 PER.  30/6/6.  52% FG.  27% 3PT. LeBron at 28:  30.9 PER.  27/8/7.  56% FG.  42% 3PT.  (+better defender)  Jordan won all of his rings after the age of 28.  LeBron just turned 28 and is better than MJ was at the same age.
swilyboi::You young dudes never seen MJ at his best but always want to compare , the  nba today is geared toward the offensive players it's a joke unlike in MJ's day ...Plus has MJ ever  had a playoff game yet alone  finals series like lbj in 2011  ? HELL NO  so stop with this lbj talk ,  he is great  , and enjoy him as your guy of the present but take it easy . His game is  a  better passing ,  better defensive ,  more athletic karl malone , not MJ !
kmoe332::stop with the PER garbage. You are speculating.. there is no reason to even compare who is the GOAT until Lebrons career is over. If Lebron was to not play after this year would you say he was the best to ever play the game? I don't think there are any reasonable people that will say Lebron is not great, the best in the game right now, But he is still in his prime. Why argue about him being the best ever when he is not done playing? And you keep using age.. Use years in the League, its more meaningful.
kmoe332::but we know what Jordan did the rest of his career.. We don't know what Lebron is going to do. And that is your opinion that Lebron is better at the same age. The league is different than it was 20 years ago
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::Jordan's last great individual year was 1990-91 - the year of his first ring - and that was the last time he ever put up a PER over 30.  But after he won his first ring his production declined the following year... went from a 31 PER to a 27 PER.  But LeBron just got even better after his first ring.  So I don't see why he couldn't have similar results.
Eve0fDestruction::I'm out but i'll say, these LeBron fans really made me see things from a different perspective.....never go by what you see happening on the court, ALWAYS go by the PER because when HOF awards are given out, they will always judge PER stats first.....boy, I feel overwhelmed by the espn.com forum. These kids have taught me SOOOO much. And gasol is better than kobe....I just now learned that. I better go do some homework before i step back into here......
d_gio12::Yeah when they judge for the HOF they should look at what happens on the court... Kobe shooting shot after shot after shot after shot... and making less than 50% and being proclaimed as this great scorer.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::Well it's a start.  Gotta crawl before you can walk.
nba is the worst::Don't forget "Win Share" ;)
Heritage Champion::If Wade and Kobe switch teams, Miami looses last night and instantly becomes a 4 or 5 seed... because Kobe doesn't play well with others without Phil Jackson. He'd be whining to the media about Bosh... creating dysfunction
fairandbalanced00::You guys have a LOSING RECORD!! WITH KOBE!! Reality check for you might work. Take off the blindfold man!
RNYC::Lebron James. A healthy Dwayne Wade Chris Bosh and a plethora of outside shooters. WHY SHOULDN'T THEY WIN?!?!  I mean dam why is it daily news.
Eve0fDestruction::I hate watching bosh play.....he pisses me off
kmoe332::he just seems lost being the 3rd option
Eve0fDestruction::Well, as much as these young LeBron fans are extremely stupid....i'll say......bosh is SO OVERRATED. the guy can't do crap aside shoot 15 footers. He doesn't really rebound that well, defend, doesn't post up.....he even struggles hitting fts. And allen is stgruggling and the only reason the 3 point shooters are open is because of LeBron getting them great looks. That much ill give LeBron but this heat team is HORRIBLE without LeBron i promise you that.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::"I don't think there is anybody in the world who defends the pick and roll any better than Chris Bosh."  -Coach K, 2012
kmoe332::Please warn/fine Wade for his flop kick at MWP yesterday. Its so sick to see him getting away with that crap over and over. If you are not going to fine the stars, what point is there to the rule? Giving them even more of an advantage than they already have is not really helping the image of the league
kmoe332::Ill even help you a little.. Look up the NBA definition of a flop and then get back to me.. If you don't respond i will understand don't feel bad, we all make mistakes
Eve0fDestruction::I wish it was at MWP's head instead.
kmoe332::lol well yeah maybe but still.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::lol.  that wasnt a flop.
kmoe332::great job of proving me wrong by the way. I know its hard to admit when someone you like does something wrong, but don't worry someday you will be able to look at things clearly
kmoe332::lol while i have put on some weight lately.. i can still dunk and used to be extremely athletic until i had knee surgery, but that aside. I don't see how you can think this is not a flop. People don't usually kick their legs at somebody to draw contact on accident. What he did is the very definition of what the league was trying to cut down on
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::You must be fat and un-athletic.
kmoe332::um really? Do explain how that was not a flop? Im very interested in this response
thoughtuknew73::Is Michael Wilbon sleeping with MJ?
RNYC::Dude he's the only one that has perspective on the issue. Magic had to send out a tweet last night correcting himself for saying LBJ 5 game run streak is the "best he's ever seen".
Harlem Shake::do the harlem shake
RNYC::People respect LBJ it's espn incessant slurping that goes overboard. Lots of good stories in the league. But hey it's a business
Harlem Shake::do the harlem shake
nba is the worst::<b>In summary, Kobe led the '09 lakers in both the reg season and playoffs in PER, and avgd 26.8 pts/4.9 ast/5.2 reb reg season and 30.2/5.5/5.3 in the playoffs  gasol, 18.5/3.5/9.6 in the reg season and18.3/2.5/10.8 in the playoffs  Any stat that says that gasol &gt; kobe on that team is flawed.</b>
Eve0fDestruction::as THOUGHTYOUKNEW would say...."YOU'RE ON FIRE!!!"
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::He couldn't control that team completely... which is why Gasol led it in Win Share.  You won't find that happening on LeBron's teams or Jordan's teams.
nba is the worst::So you claim a 66-gm reg season "Win Share" lead is the same as 82?
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::His winning is just getting started.  At LeBron's age Jordan didn't even have a ring yet.  At LeBron's age Kobe didn't have any individual hardware at all....
nba is the worst::Can't win titles in the reg season, or lebron would have at least one in a full season, right?  Lebron is ringless in 82-gm seasons, so he HASN'T "done it" yet
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::Well we have extensive data for Kobe.  7 trips to the finals.  Never led a championship team in Win Share.  So that's settled.  For LeBron... he has done it... and is about to do it again.  And it looks like he's going to be doing that for quite awhile.
nba is the worst::Ha ha, 1 lockout title, small sample size indeed!  Kobe led the 2009 Lakers in win share in the playoffs, when winning matters.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::Championship team.  Kobe has never led a championship team in Win Share.
nba is the worst::"You won't find that happening on LeBron's teams " -=-=-  Well, it did in 2011 on the heat!
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::Gasol had a higher PER in 2010.  We're talking about 2009 right now.
Eve0fDestruction::earlier you guys said gasol had the higher PER
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::No it doesn't.  It proves the importance of Pau Gasol and how the load was shared between him and Kobe that year.  And Kobe's playoff win share was only slightly above Gasol's.  It was nearly equal.
nba is the worst::Just proves "Win Share" is FLAWED!  (Kobe led the playoffs in "Win Share", clown)
Harlem Shake::connn loss terroristasssssssssss
Lakers Are Forever::I wonder why nick collison got screwed over when he had the higest per on the league? MVP MVP. but no they gave it to the 2nd best per by 6 points to lebron.
FREEWAYE::Maybe the all star game should take 12 players with the highest PER on each side,instead of production stats..
Eve0fDestruction::LMAO!!!! ^ Nice freewaye!!! hahahahha
That Frog Kurtis::or the 11 highest per players and you. so we can watch you get posterized all night
Lakers Are Forever::I don't.think we even talked about the rings yet. Your point is moot. Lebrons streak of no foul calls is telling of the refs. I wonder what his longest no travels called streak is? 15037?
thoughtuknew73::I'm on fire....which hater is next??
Harlem Shake::g
Eve0fDestruction::thoughtuknew73you Laker fans are funny...Kobe wasn't even the best player on HIS own team for every championship. Shaq was better &amp; Gasol  There you go LMAO
Eve0fDestruction::I've never bashed LeBron kid. I actually like LeBron and have defended him against kobe jockers all year, but you guys...you dorks are something else. LOL. Trying to convince the world that lebrons got more skill than mj, will retire with as many rings, won more rings at the same age even though both only have 1 at 28.......mj still has the highest PER LMAO....what else shall we discuss??? this is too fun.
thoughtuknew73::That's my point....that last part sound crazy didn't it? So how do you think it sounds when you talk about LeBron
thoughtuknew73::Durant better then LeBron.....beat his a$$ 4-1 He isn't better the Rose.....beat his a$$ 4-1 Well Kobe better....beating his a$$ 13-7 head-to-head who is the next player you guys want to put in that unfortunate position...give me a break. LeBron is a beast!!
Eve0fDestruction::The fire just got extinguished.......fizzzzzzlleeeeee
Eve0fDestruction::You said HEAD TO HEAD and last i checked, those are TEAM victories too....now you're going to change the argument because you lost??? YOU FFF BUM
thoughtuknew73::Did Duncan it or the Spurs &amp; I can deal with that cause they were the better team
jcmaggi::Tim Duncan
nba is the worst::Duncan swept him in the finals - case closed.
jcmaggi::Didn't TD beat LBJ's a$$ 4-zip?
thoughtuknew73::didn't LeBron already put him on a poster..lol
mporreca57::People please stop getting a hard on for Lebron James. Hes won one championship and 2 years ago an old, slow Dirk Nowitizki outscored Lebron 66-14 in 4th quater points. Miami lost finals because of lebrons bad play and turnovers. You take Lebron off that team and put a 35 year old Jordan on that Heat team Miami beats Dallas in Finals. Pat Riley would agree
d_gio12::mporreca57 - You hom.o
mporreca57::That Frog Kurtis--- YOU MAD
That Frog Kurtis::"YOU MAD"? lol that confirms it, you are 11 years old
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::Pat Riley calls LeBron The BOAT.  Best of All Time.
nba is the worst::OOOH - Link it!!!
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::Well that was before LeBron's time.  Right now Riley refers to LeBron as The Best of All Time.
mporreca57::Pat Riley retired Jordans jersey in Miami moron. Deep down hes knows who the greatest is. Just ask his teammate Wade
That Frog Kurtis::lol another "we hate lbj" fan club member. you guys crack me up
That Frog Kurtis::WHOA zinger
kmoe332::or maybe just not a "can we please blow you lbj" member
That Frog Kurtis::that you are a pathetic loser who cant give credit where its due? yes that is a fact
mporreca57::Thats just a fact
jcmaggi::I definitely understand the arguments people are trying to make. Number of rings is not dispositive of how "great" you are. However, stop with the whole "Robert Horry 7 rings = greater than Kobe." It's not a correct analogy. There's a monster difference between being a role player and being one of the cornerstones.
Lakers Are Forever::I don't even watch lebron play. But I bet if I did I could create a 10 hour video of his flopping. Clubbing. Traveling. In, id say a 20 game span of his. How many drive in Fouls. He gets on point guards.. like gtfoh.
AWG313::Absolutely...can't say I'm a Lebron fan...come on...this joker is ridiculously gifted
kmoe332::it is pretty entertaining.. if you are a fan of basketball you can appreciate what Lebron does.. I do wish he didn't get every call and wish he wasn't allowed to travel quite frequently but hey its the NBA, stars get away with it
kmoe332::well yeah and then you have to deal with these guys on here saying he is the GOAT before his career is done.. comparing him to Jordan , Magic, Bird, etc.. it does get annoying. It sucks that you can't come on and have any intelligent talk about basketball because of the 12-15 year olds who have only watched basketball since 2006
RNYC::I just get tired of the Incessant slurping. It's not LeBrons fault it's more espn. All day on every show. Every lead on sportscenter. 4 articles on heat index and daily dime. It's just kind of annoying.
Lakers Are Forever::i liked bron when he went to.high school. then he hit.the leauge and u nut huggers killed that for me.
That Frog Kurtis::you dont watch lebron? jokes on you. you are missing an awesome show
That Frog Kurtis::lol here you go again. why cant you just enjoy great basketball? yes wade was a good player 7 years ago and still is. what does that have to do with anything?
nba is the worst::And with massive ref help due to Stern's vendetta against Cuban.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::What was at stake in 2006 for Wade?  His legacy was not on the line that year... he was just playing without a care in the world.
RNYC::Yah it's really one in a million.  NOT. Wades 4 game run in 2006 finals is just as impressive. If not more considering what was at stake.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::No, you would become a fan... almost instantly.
thoughtuknew73::I'm getting tired of making fools out of these LeBron haters. Talk to me when you people have a point of view, my bad you never will until LeBron retires &amp; I know deep down inside you Lakers fan are hoping &amp; praying he comes to LA in 2 years......you hypocrites.
nba is the worst::LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James Gasol carried that team there. The Finals is just 7 games.  Why can't Kobe lead a team in PER, Win Share, and also win Finals MVP? Jordan did that 6 times. Kobe can't even do it once. -=-=- Kobe 2009 Playoffs PER 26.8, Win share 4.7, Finals MVP Gasol PER 21.9, Win Share 4.3  <b>FAIL</b>
Eve0fDestruction::LMAOLMAOLMAOLMAO!!!! I would love to step on a court and start telling a bunch of thugs that if my PER is higher than theirs, we win. I'd get my as..ss called a H.om..0 and then they'd leave me bloody on the cement....then they'd probably throw a bent up LeBron james rookie card at my head.
Lakers Are Forever::dont liste. to a 38 yr old heat fan. that enough is telling.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::He needs to do it in the regular season too.  Like MJ did 6 times.  Kobe just rode Gasol to the playoffs much like he did Shaq... tho to a lesser degree.
nba is the worst::So what happened to your argument that kobe never did it?
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::FREEWAYE - So why is Paul Millsap on the trading block? And David Lee is going to the all star game. === You have to ask their GMs.  Some of them don't value advanced stats... some do.  But those that do is just a growing list.
FREEWAYE::So why is Paul Millsap on the trading block? And David Lee is going to the all star game.
nba is the worst::<b>2009 reg season PER, Kobe 24.5, gasol 22.3 smh</b>
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::nba is the worst - Why?  You can't win titles in the regular season.  Isn't winning the goal? === Well if that's your thing.  MJ and LeBron want to win everything at all times... not just wait until the playoffs to start playing hard.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::@Free:  But what really happens is that your brain picks up on that naturally.  Whoever you see out there who is making the biggest impact probably does have the highest PER.
nba is the worst::Why?  You can't win titles in the regular season.  Isn't winning the goal?
FREEWAYE::Like people go to the basketball court to play ball and says ,whoever has the higher PER wins.Get that nerdy metric system outta here.
slickwatts100::You guys aren't gonna pretend jordan could pass as good as Bron are you?
Eve0fDestruction::Prove to the WORLD that lbj is the most talented player we've ever seen....i don't buy it for one minute. Now, is he more PHYSICALLY gifted as far as strength, dunking in games and unstoppable when driving to the rim?? YES. But Overall skill?? NOPE
d_gio12::haha you asked which skill is he better at and then answered the question with 2 skills...
Eve0fDestruction::IN W-H-A-T is LeBron BETTER THAN MJ AT???? WHICH SKILL????? outside of passing and rebounding????
Eve0fDestruction::mj is a career 50% fg shooting and was a much better ball handler that's for sure, mj also avg 1.6 blocks pg in a single season and was anointed DPOY.  Just facts bub
slickwatts100::Are we arguing fg percentage? Have you been following the news lately?
Eve0fDestruction::Prove me wrong.....
Eve0fDestruction::Mj career bpg .83 and highest in any season was 1.6....lebrons career avg is .8 with highest single season being 1.2 blocks pg........mjs career fg% is .497 and LeBrons is .488 and mjs was above 50% until he went to the wizards.........should i go on?
slickwatts100::Prove yourself right. Mj edges him cause he was the fiercest competitor ever, but Bron is the most highly skilled player ever
slickwatts100::Fg percentage? Dribbling? Blocks?  Moves around The rim? two words ha ha
Eve0fDestruction::I already said LeBron was better in rebounding and passing no doubt. But, midrange shooting, ft shooting, clutch shooting, steals, blocks, ppg, fg%, MOVES around the rim, DRIBBLING......MJ wins hands down.
nba is the worst::LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James Gasol carried that team there. The Finals is just 7 games.    Why can't Kobe lead a team in PER, Win Share, and also win Finals MVP? Jordan did that 6 times. Kobe can't even do it once. 2009 Playoffs: Kobe PER 26.8, win share 4.7, Finals MVP Gasol PER 21.9, win share 4.3 <b>FAIL http://www.basketball-reference.com/playoffs/NBA_2009_advanced.html</b>
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::Jordan is GOAT but it's funny how people are mysteriously posting these Jordan triple-double stats now that LeBron has elevated his game even more.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::It's legit to bring that up.  Jordan was amazing during that stretch.  But he's still 15 triple doubles short of LeBron...
RNYC::5 rings ahead.  41 8 and 7 average in the FINALS vs PHX
thoughtuknew73::That's all haters have left
RNYC::Lebron is not comparable to Jordan. You are out of your mind. There's plenty statistics left.
thoughtuknew73::All Laker fans every try to do to make their point is talk about rings...that's cool, so based on Laker fans &amp; Kobe lovers....Kobe still comes up short. Big Shot Bob has 7 rings so i guess Kobe rode his back to those titles......chumps!!!!
Eve0fDestruction::I have something for you thoughtuknew.....ask any nba player if they rather have stats or championship rings.....then ask them if its fair to be judged by the championships they have so long as they are compared fairly WHEN they had help.  So meaning, i don't judge LeBron while in Cleveland...that team stunk. But, i do judge him from when he started with the heat....he lost in the finals the first time...something MJ NEVER DID and a lot of that was on lbjs shoulders.....
thoughtuknew73::so you pick &amp; chose when you want to count things to make your point. I thought you were better then that.
Eve0fDestruction::Good for the lakers fans...all YOU LEBRON fans ever come up with is PER. Mj still has lbj beat in that, ppg, fg%, ft%, dpoy awards, mvps, finals mvps, career ppg, career fg%, steals, steals pg, single season steals pg, blocks pg in a single season....heck, i can go ON and ON and ON
kmoe332::stop with the Robert Horry argument.. it is the dumbest argument you can possibly make
kmoe332::don't compound a bad argument by making a worse argument. The Ring argument has some validity when talking superstars, none when talking role players
nba is the worst::No it doesn't, because horry was a roleplayer.
That Frog Kurtis::it only hightlights how dumb the rings argument is
jcmaggi::again, because being a role player who averages 8,6 4 for his post season career is the same as being one of the go to players averaging 26 5 5?
Lakers Are Forever::Let's not even talk about how many times lebron travels per game and clubs people off.the ball to create seperation.
d_gio12::Lakers Are Forever stop crying and cutting on LeBron. He just shi.t on your Lakers...AGAIN, and you sound like a baby and a moron.
thoughtuknew73::guess you didn't see MJ's shot against Utah?
nba is the worst::Sure, barely touched the guy
RNYC::This LBJ slurpfest is getting a little old. Is he the greatest player in the game presently. Yes. Are the Heat the favorite yes?  Is what's he's doing comparable to MJ? NO  MJ had 7 straight games with a triple double. 10 out of 11 total. Averaged  33.6 pts 10.8 reb and 11.4 ast. I mean THAT IS GREATNESS.
RNYC::Who's taking about kobe?
slickwatts100::Mike needed Phil too
RNYC::Yes he's great today. But so what. There's always someone that's great "today". Plus he plays with wade. As if that doesn't make the game easier for him. LOL
slickwatts100::But he beat westbrook harden and durant
kmoe332::and Lebron needed Wade and Bosh to win his title.. you can go on for days with that type of garbage
slickwatts100::He took mike brown to the finals, Kobe got him fired. He won with spoelstra Kobe needed phil
Eve0fDestruction::do me a favor and ask LEBRON HIMSELF is hes greater than mj.....how about that??? why don't you ask LEBRON, your lover, whos better between gasol and kobe??? Why don't you tell him about your PER theory.
slickwatts100::I don't like mj. Kids are killing each other for his sneakers and he's too high and mighty to even comment on it The guys a devil
slickwatts100::Brons a good guy. He was genuinely stoked to see a regular guy win money with the half court shot. Mj wouldn't have given a crap
Eve0fDestruction::there are only a few good guys that are nba stars.....magic, bird, kd.......
That Frog Kurtis::the lbj haters are the ones who started the mj comparisons... everyone else was just admiring how great he is playing right now. but ppl like u feel the need to try and take that away or something...
kmoe332::accidental like for sure. There is a guy on here arguing everything. his name states that Lebron is GOAT. There is no argument. Lebron cannot even be considered as the GOAT yet
That Frog Kurtis::im talking about today
RNYC::No espn just goes overboard and the hyperbole starts and people with no reference for bball start talking recklessly
slickwatts100::Bron is gonna set a record for mvps
notron7777777::Bron Bron is going to flame out like Lance Armstrong
Eve0fDestruction::From here on out, when comparing players, I'm always going to bring up PER.........if somebody says that kobe is better than gasol...im going to argue with them and tell them...."well ya see, theres are these smart guys on espn.com....well they provided me some GREAT material that proves that gasol is actually better than kobe due to the PER stat."   Then...they laugh their as..ses off and call me a F.A.....G
FREEWAYE::Look at Dexter Pittman PER,it's higher than Gasol...Dexter Pittman is a joke.
nba is the worst::Why?  Winning is the goal, right?
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::He needs to do it in the regular season too... like MJ and LeBron.
nba is the worst::http://www.basketball-reference.com/playoffs/NBA_2009_advanced.html  KOBE LED THE 2009 LAKERS IN PLAYOFF PER, WIN SHARE, AND WAS FINALS MVP
FREEWAYE::Paul Millsap PER is higher than David Lee...But David Lee is a better player and going to play at the all-star game.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::Pittman has only played 12 minutes this year.  You have to learn how to read a stat before you draw a conclusion from it.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::20 years ago we used to make determinations of a player's ability based on maybe 20 points of data.  In 2013 we can use hundreds of points of data and our conclusions are more accurate.  Don't be a barbarian.
mporreca57::Michael Jordan 1989 season 12 game span Pts          assists            rebounds 34              17                     7 21              12                    12 33              11                    12 32              10                    10 37              10                    10 27              12                    14 33              12                    10 31              10                    13 40              11                     7 40              12                    10 47              13                    11 29              12                    10 Sorry this is one of the greatest spans the NBA has ever seen. That year Jordan averaged 32.5 pts, 8 assists, 8 rebounds, shot 54% over 200 steals.
mporreca57::AND = NO COMPARISON
mporreca57::Thoughtuknew73-----Hey moron Jordan only played 12 full seasons in Chicago and had over 200 steals 6 seasons and one season had 259 steals and 2 seasons over 100 blocks. Lebron has been in league 10 years and has never had 200 steals or 100 blocks once
thoughtuknew73::and
thoughtuknew73::LOL....you had to go back to 89, bet you didn't even do that much research in school. Haters will do anything to make a point
kmoe332::see it usually better to get facts to try and make a point. Using opinions don't really cut it buddy
RNYC::Espn has u children thinking there was no MJ
That Frog Kurtis::sorry for what? no one is saying the jordan wasnt awesome
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::Yes, that's when he was forced to play PG that year.  He was a monster... triple double threat every night.  That's why Kobe is nothing like MJ or LeBron.
Eve0fDestruction::I'm officially done with LeBron fans on here anyway. In person, the LeBron fans ive met are more sensible and don't sit there and bring up PER during the finals to assess whos the better player. GEEZUZ CHRYSLER you guys are dumb.
Eve0fDestruction::GASOLS BETTER THAN KOBE!!!! OH BOY!!!! Gotta love that "PER"
Eve0fDestruction::PPPEEEEEEEEEEEEEERRRRR!!!!
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::You are living in the past.  Better get used to things like PER, etc because that's the language of basketball in the future.
thoughtuknew73::No fool, I use my eyes!!!
FREEWAYE::Who cares about Lebron personal achievements? Everybody knew he was capable of becoming the best player of all time..But he gave that up when he quit on Cleveland,and joined Wade to win 8 championships..So until he wins more ring than Jordan,beat it with these silly records.
That Frog Kurtis::the only thing he gave up when he left cleveland was a 9 year headache. no one cared about the cavs until he got there anyway.... and now him leaving means hes not a good player anymore? please
notron7777777::He stilled Bail.....MJ hung tough
notron7777777::Bron Bron BAILED on his teammates
thoughtuknew73::Bailed his a$$ to a chip!!!!
notron7777777::When the going gets tough, the tough wet their britches.  - Bron Bron
thoughtuknew73::I cant even argue with LeBron haters cause they have no argument. Its like watching Fox news......they have the facts but make up their own stories
nba is the worst::So do you think lebron's 2011 Finals stats decline was Wade's fault?
kmoe332::he asked about 2011
thoughtuknew73::what about his 2012 Finals stats
Lakers Are Forever::Credit the refs for lebrons 76 percent shooting 3 feet from the rim. U can't contest him or.. *whistles blow*
thoughtuknew73::Credit to that crooked ref who helped the Lakers win the title
Eve0fDestruction::thoughtuknew73you Laker fans are funny...Kobe wasn't even the best player on HIS own team for every championship. Shaq was better &amp; Gasol
Eve0fDestruction::GASOL IS BETTER THAN KOBE BECAUSE HIS PER WAS HIGHER......LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!! NOW IVE HEARD I ALL....LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Eve0fDestruction::HAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAAAHAH!!!
..LEBRON OWNS ALL..::James doesn't have any heart?? Ask Boston if he has heart or not.
notron7777777::Boston says NO....and is now laughing at you
nba is the worst::True, but that ignores the fact that without the massive ref help win gm 2, the series would have ended in 5
That Frog Kurtis::lot of crying in boston actually
Major Factuh::nobody was laughing after game 6 last year.
