Rico M::The Warriors need a good back up PG for Curry. The kid is great but injury prone.. Who would be a good candidate?
Jay Patel::What does all legitimate contenders in the NBA have?  A LEGIT BENCH.  NO Iggy, Green ejected, Ezeli out, O'Neal Out, T-Douglas out.  San Antonio is Deep, OKC Deep, LAC Deep, POR deep, HOU, & DAL are DEEP.  Not hitting the Panic mode button yet, but BENCH needs help.  Starters are getting GAS OUT.
YimingF::Seriously, I'm sick of this injury shyt again. Hopefully, Iggy is alright, and Curry plays in this game because we have no pgs left, and Klay is kinda useless with them.
Seattle Blows!::Warriors have to do better in second half and 4th quarter in general. also need to cut down on turnovers and allowing opponents get 2nd chance pts. Jackson HAS to call time out when opponent goes on a run and when team can't score!
Donald::The Trailblazers pulled away in the fourth quarter even though Curry returned to  the Warriors lineup as they won their tenth straight game. Lopez did not have a good game for the Blazers.
drdrazen::Blazers look really good this season...They need deeper bench...but they play damn good basketball...The Warriors need to stop enjoying in the last season and start playing on the higher level...Demian is awesome...Go Blazers...
Logic::One of the worst officiated basketball games I have ever seen. The refs did not let them play and got everyone in foul trouble on very questionable calls. They sent Aldridge to the line constantly while Lee was getting mugged with no consequence. Unbelievable how inconsistent NBA officiating is from game to game. More garbage from Sterns NBA as usual.
gary aker::2 players get ejected, including their hottest shooter and top scorer, Mathews, and they still win. Aldrich and Lillard shoot 33 % or less, and they still win. Down up untill the third quarter, and they still win. Aldrich and Lopez, 10 offensive rebounds btwn them!, and the Blazers took 10 more shots, scoring 113 on a night when they shoot 43%. I honestly thought they would fade in the third, down by a dozen. But then a 24 point swing, and they win going away, with two players in the locker room. This is an unbelievable win. Hidden formula: Lure the opposing team into a fast-paced, up and down, wide open game that favors your young, long, athletic team. Let them get cocky, as they post a lead at the half, maybe even build on it in the third. Then toast them as they tire and just can't keep up with a five-scorer-deep team. I especially liked the steals and having five fewer turnovers on the road, in a building that has not been kind to them of late, on the tail end of a back to back... could go on and on with this, but, you get the picture. This is more fun than that last good team with the clunky half-court offense scoring 85 a night. And more fun than the turn-of -the- century team that challenged for the title in the west, and came up one game short, by far and away.
Josh::Let's go Trail Blazers! If we beat Golden state, the people who write the power rankings, might actually notice, that we deserve to be in the top 5.
Amir::Worst referees ever,  i am not Portland fan but this is scandalous whistling whole game. Matthews is most underrated player in NBA.
