kenny71682::A HEALTHY CHICAGO BULLS WITH A HOT KORVER WILL TAKE THE HEAT IN 6
dickiedave07::Everyone is welcome to dispute it but in a 7 game series in the playoffs, I just don't see any team that will beat the Heat!
monkeysars4u::The bulls can and will
nba is the worst::Whichever team that wins the west will.
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::Except the Heat will beat themselves in 7games
monkeysars4u::heat suck
monkeysars4u::^there yah go
monkeysars4u::before u call me dumb i would spell "sarcasm" correctly
sportsplex23::yes you are right almost any team in all the nba is better (sarcasm). Dumb monkey!
brandonlee561heat::Got Chrome now, the real test will be when it gets busy in here
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::Lol true that.. but it wont get busy.. idk where everyone went
redbob4444::okc at 8 ? mia 2 after bulls wtf?
brandonlee561heat::Its computerized, like the BCS
redbob4444::Hollinger Power Rankings suck as$
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::I know... look at where the lakers are........He doesnt know what the he**  he's talkin about
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::Wheres my Peeps ES and Aicyla22.. I see Brandon..what up
redbob4444::were always here
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::i see that
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::I GOT IT!!!!!!!!    but everyone is gone :-(
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::I couldnt read any of my comments..
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::No..FireFox..
brandonlee561heat::Are you still using Internet Explorer?
brandonlee561heat::Got what?
brandonlee561heat::Yep, it has to be IE, I just tried it and it did not work, but I can see it the convo on Firefox fine
nba is the worst::ESPN must have "upgraded" something (hopefully to stop spammers!)  Can you install FF or Chrome at work without getting dinged?
brandonlee561heat::No I have not, im downloading it now.
nba is the worst::Have you tried chrome - it has the least lag on both here and first row of the three, at least on my computer
brandonlee561heat::Yea, definitely, ill just install it when I get into work in the morning
brandonlee561heat::Any of you guys play streak for the cash?
nba is the worst::yep - win?  Not even close.  My best ever was 17
nba is the worst::I can never believe the people who get like 6 on the 1st day of the month - my strategy is to look for one sure (ha ha) bet on bball or football per day - I just avoid hockey and soccer altogether
brandonlee561heat::ITs the soccer props that kill me
brandonlee561heat::This month was atrocious for me, my best streak was 6 haha, my best ever was like 11 I think lol.
brandonlee561heat::la la la
Eternal_Sage::how was the beach?
brandonlee561heat::That could be, I use internet explorer at work, as opposed to Firefox at home
nba is the worst::ESPN must have changed something - several are saying it relates to Microsoft IE but not to Chrome or Firefox
brandonlee561heat::Really? It was so weird. Im off today so im using the comp at my apartment, my work computer wouldn't allow me to see them. Was weird.
brandonlee561heat::Gonna watch this Manchester United soccer game in a bit. I wish the HEat played tonight
nba is the worst::Lots of people reporting the problem you had at work yesterday Brandon - when logged in they can't see.  ESPN  chat boards - where the suckitude just keeps on comin'
brandonlee561heat::Was ok, only went for like an hour lol.
42Wolverine21::no stoppin the heat
My Heat Kick Your Ass::k
MJ__The ___GREATEST::" "It's hard to play the kind of basketball that you need to play when you're not getting what you feel is a fair call at times," Hornets coach Monty Williams said. " " Well this says it all - TYPICAL Miami CHEATS - can not win without HUGE HELP from refs and Nba DICTATOR stern
njhaines::Monty needs to stop worrying about the refs and start evaluating talent. Marco Bellineli &amp; Okafor are going to cost you your job.
SouthFLAnative::And JORDAN didn't get calls? Jordan got the most calls in NBA history.. Stop it with your double standard.
nba is the worst::I didn't see the game, but last night the Jazz without Al Jefferson shot 38 fts to the blazers' 13, with both teams posting 40 points in the paint.  4 pt victory for the home team only needed +25 fts
tbomber2::they didnt call nearly as many fouls as they do now.  thats your selective memory talking.
Athletic_Trainer::scoreboard
Aicyla22::typical troll comment
Eternal_Sage::she is right, you're a troll
MJ__The ___GREATEST::Typical Brainless fool response
Eternal_Sage::a losing coach that got blown out, you don't think he's going to attack the refs?
nba is the worst::They usually don't, because Stern's ref defense is so "fine"...
Jubin3567::97-93
kaharevic::5 game winning streak!
Eternal_Sage::should be six after wensday
nba is the worst::No Bogut this time - poor guy gets something broken every year
Aicyla22::yes i agree but for some reason we've always had buck issues
Eternal_Sage::Miami should be ready to go and they should be full force, I don't see them being able to cover all three guys and hopefully they learn from their mistakes.
Aicyla22::i hope so but we always lose to the bucks!
sanluiscardinales::LBJ is 27. how old was MJ when he won his first title? 28!
JB_Smoove_Thinks_Youre_Beautiful::<b>Why cant I see the comments?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????</b>
SouthFLAnative::there is an unsecured content warning in Internet Explorer. Use Firefox.. IE users should switch!
Aicyla22::that happened to me before i switched computers and they showed up
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::I can comment.... but i cant read any.. lol. So if you see this......I love you guys!
Eternal_Sage::we love you too!!!
Eternal_Sage::I went with hpdv7, macs are too expensive (though he owns an ipod, ipad and iphone &lt;3 apple)
Aicyla22::its on my work computer thankfully i brought my mac today
Eternal_Sage::explorer really has been sucking lately and now with the ignore script i rarely use explorer
Aicyla22::yea i couldn't see it on explorer but I'm on safari
Eternal_Sage::Yeah I'm on firefox, explorer sucks
Aicyla22::you can see the comments?
williamfernando_rn::trade kaman and j. jack for amare and shumpert
Eternal_Sage::great for new orleans sucky for ny
brandonlee561heat::Feel bad for SVG :(
Eternal_Sage::I don't, I hate his voice
Eternal_Sage::he ripped lebron about the ft's then said rose also choked
brandonlee561heat::I missed that one
Eternal_Sage::that is funny but I like skip ripping rose yesterday
brandonlee561heat::lmao, you hear Stephen A and Skips rant about lebron just now?
Eternal_Sage::Miami = Number one!!!
johneon::Complaints about bad calls????  Mario Chalmers was called for a trip just because he was the closest opposing player to the guy that went down. Replay showed he tripped over his own teammates feet.
brandonlee561heat::Nobody is perfect
RSTCHICAGO::The Justin Bieber game note really takes the story to a higher level, don't you think? Way to go guys!   By the way, when does Lady Gaga start her gig on ESPN's new "Happy Hour with Gaga and Bayless"?
drinking beer with cutler::Justin Bieber should not be allowed to sporting events. I would be embarrassed as a heat fan if I knew he was at the game...
sokal-surf::If you were a Heat fan you'd be embarrassed period...
brandonlee561heat::Off work today=happy
Eternal_Sage::&gt;.&gt; I'm on my feet when I work so I don't get to enjoy espn *rue brandon*
brandonlee561heat:::) Im going to the beach in a few
drinking beer with cutler::At work and being unproductive because of ESPN
drinking beer with cutler::Haha I am playing virtual golf with another co worker and on ESPN. haha great start to the day
brandonlee561heat::Espn consumes about 50% of my day at work as well lol
Eternal_Sage::Hopefully the sixers can trip up chicago and mIami beats the bucks so we can get that number one seed. That way we don't have to hear. CHICAGO HAS THE BEST RECORD LOOOSERS
brandonlee561heat::That would be sweet. Philly is so lucky they are in a one team division.
drinking beer with cutler::It was like Seattle Seahawks division last year. Playoffs with a 7-9 record. Now that's a joke.
brandonlee561heat::So dumb
drinking beer with cutler::Yeah that division is a joke. Only one team over .500 ha
drinking beer with cutler::Chicago has the best record :-) hah. Sorry I had to. I just want the playoffs to start ha
Eternal_Sage::REMEMBER TO VOTE FOR OBAMA  for Dumb $@% President since Jimmy Carter
njhaines::Obama is dumber than Dubya??? No way........
brandonlee561heat::lmao@!
mintzerkj4eva::Chemistry Lab sigh  Maybe we blow something up today
Eternal_Sage::I did that!! FBI called me &gt;.&gt;
D-Rose_Garden::You know you have a serious problem when a player can wave off a coach.
brandonlee561heat::A Bulls fan, haha
Eternal_Sage::You want them to do that because the players see the field better then the coaches at time
mintzerkj4eva::not really
tnuggz88::OK
Eternal_Sage::lol, first take should keep steven A all the time, him and skip are funny
threalReginald::he does make skip some what tolerable
mintzerkj4eva::They should.
Eternal_Sage::revenge against bucks time. MIAMI WINS BY 100
mintzerkj4eva::That would really be revenge. Now Miami is seeking revenge on the bucks lol
brandonlee561heat::I hope so
mintzerkj4eva::I think Pippen's dunk on Ewing is the sickest dunk I have ever seen
brandonlee561heat::That was nasty
mintzerkj4eva::Blake's dunk is still trending gosh
brandonlee561heat::That was nice
Eternal_Sage::Why didn't you say goodbye to me :(
mintzerkj4eva::lol uh sorry
29kenneth::waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaade!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
22Young Money::Miami on a roll watch out! Get outta the way ther aint no player an there aint no gangster that gonna say man let jus watch these heat and all haters can leave cuz the heat be the bes team in da world an thats truth ya feel?
nba is the worst::So were the refs confused last night in Washington DC?    They must have thought D.Rose was D.Wade, 15 fts to just 13 for the whole wizards team - despite the huge points in the paint advantage for the wizards (50-32)..
threalReginald::Slashers get fouled a lot especially against bad defenses. Its as simple as that this time.
nba is the worst::I guess Wall isn't a slasher then
mintzerkj4eva::Is it possible that Chicago just got fouled more?
Eternal_Sage::see, refs favor everyone
3Miami::Lol
nba is the worst::I think it's time for stealth mode, BlkMM - hard to have a decent convo with one post per member name
Eternal_Sage::lol yeah
Insane Dolphan::heat
BlkMexMamba_SomeBS::All I did was what up and get banned... Damit ESPN, you racists!
Eternal_Sage::*watches you get banned again*
nba is the worst::Wow - he's on the top 10 list for sure
Aicyla22::so they still didn't play harris last night!!!
Eternal_Sage::Spo for the first time has enough players some won't play
Eternal_Sage::He has like a 10 man depth rotation,  it's  odd for him because he had injuries and bad players last year
nba is the worst::True - but in blowouts Davis should get tick over Juwan.  Spo is a poor coach in getting his bench guys playing time against the crap teams
Aicyla22::i didn't even notice he wasn't active
nba is the worst::He wasn't even active.
nba is the worst::Clips really looked good - every time the Thunder made a run the Clips dropped a couple of threes.  Cp3/Billups replaced by Mo Williams/Randy Foye off the bench is quite the guard combination.  The clips shot 13-25 from three last night, 56% overall
Eternal_Sage::If Miami could of landed Billiups, wow we would of prob only have 2 losses right now
nba is the worst::At least with Billups on the knicks after that one-sided Melo trade the Knicks won a few games - so they amnesty him and get Davis, and now look at them. 7-13 despite the easiest schedule so far. Poor Knicks fans got screwed
Eternal_Sage::Lol Chicago Fans should never talk crap about their wins-losses, their schedule is so stupid
threalReginald::I noticed how easy their schedule was as well. If Miami got it going earlier the Bulls would have lost by 15 or 20. They are a great team but they have had a pretty mild schedule.
Eternal_Sage::Miami gets their first back to back to back soon.. that should be good. two teams with winning records
nba is the worst::First and ONLY...  This week it's Philly's turn to play the top east teams, hosting the Bulls Wed and heatles Fri
Aicyla22::should be fun to watch they have a lot of road games in feb
BrickyRubio::the hornets are sooo bad.
Eternal_Sage::Stern is an idiot, bynum and gasol would of keep hornets competive but now they just stink andf no one will buy this team
nba is the worst::True, but not only would they be better but the draft pick would be better as well.  Only worse teams are the Bcats and Wizards
Eternal_Sage::Well whoever was going from their side would of helped but now N0 is a bottom feeder team
BrickyRubio::Bynum and gasol were never going to NOLA. it was odom, scola, martin, etc.
BlkMexMamba_WTF::Hey Peeps!
Eternal_Sage::sup Blk, I sent another Lebron is King Jersey to you. DON'T RUIN IT
Eternal_Sage::morning
nba is the worst::Hi folks, this troll is fine- if tired after watching the Clips dominate the Thunder until all hours
Eternal_Sage::It should be the person who is the most important to their team and that is Kevin Love this year
nba is the worst::It's just a popularity contest, since the league doesn't define the term officially.  The voters start with who is the best player on the team with the best record, add in has he won it before, and then a dash of how much help doesn't he have - and that's your MVP
Eternal_Sage::Which is stupid, I'll grant Rose should of won it because of his situation but giving the history of the t'wolves and that team if he can will them to the 5th seed he should get it or once again the MVP is a joke
nba is the worst::They'd have to get all the way to a #2 seed for Love to get MVP love
Eternal_Sage::Yeah, if the wolves get to the playoffs. Adelman for coy and kevin love deserves mvp
nba is the worst::Twolves about to be the 11th team with a winning record in the west - Adelman getting it done
Eternal_Sage::It's really hard to say who in the west will be in the WCF, they are almost all even
Aicyla22::good morning
Eternal_Sage::Oh, I don't want him to win. Eh, I'll vote when it's the president election. Right now, I'm busy focusing on the ecology of different animals :P
Aicyla22::well if you don't vote for ron paul how will he win?
Eternal_Sage::They're are all the same to me, they will tell you what you want to hear and then go back on their word in order to please the masses so they can stay in power.  Unless Ron Paul wins, every other person is boring :P
Aicyla22::voting is important
Eternal_Sage::OUCH!! you are stuck doing that? You have my sympathy :( I don't go anywhere near the voting places
Aicyla22::yes unfortunately theres an election today
Eternal_Sage::what are you doing, real work? :P
Aicyla22::school work is better than what I'm doing now
Eternal_Sage::Enjoying my day off before I start on my school work ugh Bio Science and Algebra
Aicyla22::how are you?
Aicyla22::I'm good no trolls yet i just got here
Eternal_Sage::How are you, Aicyla? and how's  these little trolls doing
Prelldarunner::I know how Stern claimed that trading CP3 to the Lakers would make the Hornets worse, who is still buying that story?
Eternal_Sage::Stern is an idiot, he got bullied by the small market owners because they saw miami destroy two of the small market teams
threalReginald::Miami acquired FREE AGENTS small market who feel that way can .... NYK, and NO are the most recent losers of the Superstar shuffle. NYK gave up too much, and NO did every thing right but Stern decided to screw them at the last minute.
nba is the worst::Funniest thing is regarding the draft picks - Twolves pick that NO got in the deal is now worse than the Knicks pick the Lakers offered (Twolves 10-11 and improving, Knicks 7-13 and 1-9 in their last 10)
Kyrie Irving... ROY::The Heat are pretty homosexual.  -Grant Hill
