mosesbyu::Free Jimmer.
ounlopez::Bucks need a mascot change.
razzledazzletj81::It's so clear how much better the ball flows when Jimmer is in the game. I am surprised at how improved his ball handling, court vision,etc is compared to last year. I'm sure scouts for other teams are aware of this. Hopefully he will be saved soon.
jm59::Free JImmer, please.  The KIngs are a joke.
DJ MBENGA-Best Center::kjo jkppppmtgb tuobgyu9 by9 bty9 btuibyuibvt vt79vt79vt78vt789 vt79 vbt79vbt79vt79vt79vbv799 bibtuibty9 9vt79vtvtv vt  f8v 8vb bvtbt79bt7 bt79b97 bt79bt79bt79b7t9t79t79bvt   bt7b7tbt7b7b7bbbbb77
ViaFino::Is everyone here just so blind? Coach Smart does not play Jimmer because Jimmer is white, hustles and is productive. Of those three what do you think the reason Jimmer sits, productivity? naaaaa. Hustle? naaaa so what then is it? hummm let me guess? He's not black. Coach Smart ONLY wants to promote Black players and even if they are horrible (Brooks 35-Minutes 10 points 1 of 7 from 3) Lets see travis outlaw and garcia started and played over 40 minutes for 9 points total. Chuck Hayes and Johnson played 25 minutes and combined for a blazing 2 points. As a lifelong Kings fan i am embarrassed and cant for the life of me figure out why this coach HATES anyone whose not black.
Bucky Scribner::You could be on to something there ViaFino.  Maybe David Stern needs to punish the Kings, and fine them for not playing Jimmer more.  I mean, since Stern set a precedent and all by fining Coach Pop and the Spurs for resting a few players on a road trip earlier this season.
designtoad::Jimmer is very effective for the time that he plays. Obviously, the more time he plays the better he can be. That said, no one player can save this team. The coach is weak and the team strategy is to play one on one ball -- selfish.  The team would be more fun to watch if they kept Westfall--they would probably be better as well.
apr1989::SAC NEED TO GIVE JIMMER A SHOT. THEY SUCK REGARDLESS
Rhubarbjackson::Duh
Bala88::Good to see bucks might be putting things together
Italics87::Free Jimmer. Even if smart comes to his senses and starts giving him consistent minutes, he will never be able to carry this sorry excuse of an NBA team.
Viktor Karelin::Ersan is a beast.
Bucky Scribner::16 pts, 14 boards in 24 minutes...yeah he brought it!
J Flem::Free Jimmer
tripleteamthreat::Still no run?
Marcumm::15 minutes and he had 9 points. But with the way Brooks was playing he should of had more. Jimmer is by far the Kings most efficient player right now.Brooks really is the one that should be getting the least amount of time between all the guards but coach dumb is to blind to see this.
forevercougar::Wow. Sacramento lost to the Milwaukee Sucks.
Doug B-rad::yes. the kings are one of the most worthless teams in the league. milwaukee is moving up in the league and its starting to show. shows how the small market aint stoppin milwuakee.
WoolyWoolwine83::If the small market won't stop us, David Stern will (see: 2001 Eastern Conference Finals)
kfilter::he isn't a kings fan. He's a byu/jimmer fan. But Milwaukee isn't much better than sac man
d_bokk::sac isn't even close to milwaukee, the kings are heading towards the 4th pick in the draft, the bucks are heading towards for the 4th seed in the East (...with the help of an easy division).
altsjj123::Interesting thing to say from a Kings fan...If your BallSac'ramento Kings lost to the Milwaukee "Sucks" as you call them, then the Kings must just be awful.    I often forget Sacramento exists - as a city and as an NBA team... Chris Weber was cool but....
vusani::TRob with another transcendent performance.  Keep it up.
sjabruning::shut up. trob looked fine tonight. he will be good. give him time
itsatrap123::Missed another one. Good game Bucks fans. Nice half courter!
Miller Park After Dark::PROST!
Mr.BarackObama::Will they get Jimmer Freddette more playing time? good God.  The kid only is playing 11 minutes and scoring 6 points a game with a good percentage. Trade him if you ain't gonna use him.
Markiemormon::Wut happened Jimmer?
Markiemormon::Your an idiot for following a player who is nothing more then a barely serviceable player and then expecting any team to feature him as a star player.  No, not an idiot, you're a complete moron.  There are plenty of players that would average a point a minute if they're unguarded like jimmer usually is, you stupid $@%.
laneclark13::Ha ha ha ha. I like that this came from a mormon.
Marcumm::Your an !diot! Not even the best player in hte league averages 15 points in 15 minutes. Keep on hatin.
Marcumm::jimmer played fine. 9 points in 15 min. Kings need to get rid of brooks. Atrocious!
Markiemormon::Yeah if a serviceable player is all you want, this is Jimmer, our star, he should have had 15 points at the very least.
Volans19::Gooden is back, haters!!!
KN_WisconsinFan::The Good: Ersan, Luc Richard, Monta The OK: Jennings, Gooden The Ugly: Lamb, Daniels
KN_WisconsinFan::Doron Lamb 0-8? Bye.
WIstormchaser2119::This board is lagging like a mofo
surasosa::here is the problem..  smart feels he cant play jimmer with the first unit, because those selfish goons just will not play with him....... a bunch of selfish $@% babies....
buckspackers23::Ilyasova has been playing great as of late off of the bench.
lookitsdeco::yall had me SWEATING for that second half under..
Ollie Cuban::Ersan!?!?!?!
Uhggly::easy win.. then the Cavs, all warming up for the Clips on Saturday
Marcumm::what the he!! Is wrong with this coach?Get rid of brooks! How can a coach be so blinded by such a mediocre player. There is no justification in his play that tells me he should he taking IT and jimmers minutes. What a joke!
NickKruel::its to save his job. everyone knows that to save your job you go with the veteran. (dont get me wrong brooks sucks and is a $@%!$@. jimmer and it ar much better)
Marcumm::I agree.bringing brooks on has really stopped the progression of the kings future guards that have more of a team first attitude.
Justin01553::Game over BUCKS WIN BUCKS WIN
surasosa::one more turnover for brooks....
surasosa::evans is pumped up and ready to ball now that the bucks are given out garbage lay ups
WIstormchaser2119::HALF COURT BUZZER BEATER!!!! Am I a little late??
sklater::Hey, why did you edit your comment?  It just makes mine look I'm clueless or something.
WIstormchaser2119::i had originally posted that but it didn't show up
sklater::!!
ChargersFan4Life001::GG Bucks fans, GL the rest of the way horrible game, I'm out
KN_WisconsinFan::Haven't been to a bucks game since Bogut left, is his squad six or what ever still around?
d_bokk::Ersan took it over
The Jennings 3::Ersan takes it over now.
buckspackers23::Sector 7, yes.
buckspackers23::Get to 100 dammit
sklater::HA!!  Trying to do some fancy crap down by 13.
buckspackers23::GOD, Garbage points always allow other teams to make it look like it was a game.
WIstormchaser2119::HALF COURT BUZZER BEATER!!!!! Am I a little late?
SOA95608::Demarcus Cousins is an embarrassment to Sacramento and is a punk azzz bytch.
TrueNum1AllStar::He just needs a good coach like he had in Kentucky.  Sac hire Coach Cal, dump smart
redevelopmentguy::Coach Cal can't go on probation in the NBA.
rkuske10::Doron Lamb is on fire!!!
KN_WisconsinFan::Boy, that Monta Ellis sure is a ball hog.  He never passes!
redevelopmentguy::You should see Marcus Thornton play.  He'll make Ellis look like John Stockton out there.
Doodzy4::11 assists?
Doodzy4::Monta is a talent, and the key to the Bucks' success. He knows how to play basketball.
fball8088::No turnovers, highest FG % on the team, 9 points in 15 minutes. How do people actually think Jimmer sucks? Much better than Brooks in every area in my opinion
sklater::So, do the players all double up in hotel rooms, or do they get their own suites.  How does this work?
fball8088::Jimmer gets his own. Nobody wants to share with him
fball8088::It was a reference to him never getting the ball passed to him...and they probably hate white people too I guess
sklater::So, they all hate white people?
fball8088::Jimmer gets his own. Nobody wants to share with him
fball8088::Jimmer gets his own. Nobody wants to share with him
TrueNum1AllStar::Smart fired in three weeks
McKayb26::parenta should have used a condom
captain.falcon.pb::should of been three weeks ago
MarquezRoids69::im hung like a bull.......
TheRydog3::You have a nose ring too?
buckspackers23::LOL. What did Gooden just do. I lost the ball with all that fancy stuff
redevelopmentguy::Kings will lose by 40 Friday night at OKC.  It will not be pretty.
JacobyJ4::wow... why on earth did they put brooks back in and move jimmer to 2 again.. brooks hasnt done $@%!... this coach is so dumb...
buckspackers23::By the way, Kings fans, Brooks has over half of your teams overall assists.
JacobyJ4::brooks has been terrible... 34 min ... 6 assists 4 turnovers... thats not good at all.. he shouldnt start..
Grantox::thats because they werent passes he lost the ball and a teammate picekd it up and scored crediting him with the assist
KN_WisconsinFan::Monta Ellis assists = Kings' total assists
ChargersFan4Life001::its sad they dont pass
Grantox::well im outta here no reason to watch if jimmer is out. the kings are the most selfish team in the nba i cant stand watching them unless jimmer plays
