Dan Vie::the Wolves bench sucks!
T Michael Olson::sadly this happens almost every game
Mel Francis Pacuma::Wolves got an 8pt lead after 3rd, when they came in, down to 2pts. jeez
Robert Davis::Too bad K-Love plays for Minnesota. He is wasting his best years playing for a loser. Kinda just like Garnett.
Javier Fernandez::They just need one or two more key players and this team could be really dangerous.
Lavender West::Didn't Love basically lay it out for the Wolves that if they don't bring in some help he's gone?  Unless the Wolves management pulls out a miracle Love is gone once he becomes a free agent
Michael Sjoberg::And just how is Minnesota supposed to become a winner without good players?
James Belandres::two good teams a good game and espn keeps force feeding us lakers games where kobe is garbage
Matthew Maloney::ik the lakers are trash why are they always featuring them they are too old
Brian Johnson::Please get rid of JJ Barea and Cunningham.  JJ the gunner 2 of 7....7 shots in 12 minutes as a point guard...really. Cunningham can't defend lost his guy 3 times in 4 minutes, can't make a shot, doesn't rebound well for his size.  Your bench sucks TWolves and getting rid of DWill has left you with no athleticism
Mel Francis Pacuma::Imma wolves fan, and this is completely true! I would trade our whole bench to the 2nd least worst bench in the NBA in a heartbeat.
Steven Peterson::These refs are atrocious!!! Love and Pec get mauled under the rim and no calls! Call the game fair you stupid refs!!!
Tatyana Kuptsevich::The Wolves got more calls than the Spurs and the Spurs got fouled a few times without getting calls. If it's not your first time watching basketball, you should know that the refs will not call every single foul. By the way, nice flop by Martin right there in the end.
Brian Johnson::How many games that are close do I have to see Pek miss bunny shots.  You don't give him the ball with under 5 secs on the shot clock
Keith Rhodes::Got seats right under the basket cheap for wolves-pistons and got to watch Pek up close.  He's a scary beast, but he has no touch at all. It's like the man forgets he has fingers. On the plus side, you'd think someone would be able to teach him how to be better. But meanwhile, if you can make him have to move laterally while he shoots, he has very little chance. Guess who is really good at making posts do that?
Robby Flores::GO! GO ! SPURS.... LETS GO! SPURS
Austin Warren::Wolves seem to surprise against good teams. Kevin Love should finally have a big 40+ point game with the match ups he's going against. Don't pass the rock Klove, hit some treys and bang inside hard, get to the line and repeat. If Rubio has another good shooting night and Brewer, Martin and Pet have normal games this is the Wolves win.
Brian Johnson::Good call
Mike Wagener::Spurs have struggled with the Kevin Love/RIcky Rubio Wolves, hopefully tonight they will play like they have the last 2 games.  GO SPURS!
Keith Rhodes::This game should be a joy to watch. Two skilled, well-coached teams with versatile, interesting players. Here's hoping Baynes is healthy enough to bang with Pekovic. That'd be your value for price of admission all by itself.
Anthony Wing::moneys worth so far thats for sure.
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::should be a competitive game. go spurs go!!
Javier Fernandez::The Spurs were the best TEAM on the floor tonight( and maybe best in the league) but Kevin Love was by far the best player. What an MVP performance by the ex-Bruin. It's too bad the Wolves don't have a bench.
Jesse Huber::If the Wolves play anything that even resembles defense, I like their chances. The other night they gave up 39 points to Philly in the 1st quarter. That sort of effort won't get it done tonight.
Seth Saathoff::The Spurs are much better defensively with Splitter. He is still out, so I expect the Spurs to have a tough time with the Wolves' bigs. Duncan will have his hands full and Love will be able to have a easy matchup on defense guarding Ayers all night. Wouldn't be surprised at all if the Wolves win. Spurs fan here btw.
Jared Keen::Got to remember everyone in Philly was hitting their shots that quarter (75% from field and 3), while Minny shot like 30%. I think everything hinges on if Martin, Love and Brewer are on target the whole game. If even 1 shoots below 40% I think we will struggle. Spurs have such a deep lineup in every position really so our second unit is going to need to be on top of their game atleast defensively
Brian Johnson::Most stars get calls down the stretch.  Love gets calls early in game and rarely down the stretch.  Until Twolves are a known playoff team it will stay that way
Chris Beyer::Love is a beast.   Not in top among all star votes!  Ridiculous.  Who including lebron is playing better???
Tatyana Kuptsevich::He doesn't play D and his team is not winning. One problem is that he doesn't have much talent around him, but it would help if he provided a smidgen of paint protection. The Spurs lived in the paint tonight, and how many open layups? Neither he nor Pek did anything to stop them.
David Garcia::Spurs will be in the 25-30 assist range.  Too much for the Wolves to handle
David Garcia::Good call by me, AGAIN
Anthony Wing::spurs are so effecient....goddamnit
Matthew Maloney::push of not called come on refs call the obvious fouls
Luke Skare::If only we had some bench players...
Javier Fernandez::I assume you're talking about the T'wolves and yes I agree.
Nerissa C. Valido::Spurs bench are amazing
Tatyana Kuptsevich::Well, Manu is amazing. All he needed was some nice pieces around him to show everyone just what he can do with a basketball.
Blixa Ridgeback::GO SPURS GO!!!!!!!
Terance Anderson::wolves by 7
Derrick Alderete::that was a good prediction.
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::good prediction bro lol
Jeffrey Reed::Go Wolves! :)
Keith Rhodes::Ginobili, Belinelli, Mills, Diaw - another big game for the Foreign Legion. Plus Bonner, who I'm not sure is even from earth, showing up again. Spurs motto this year might just be, "It's the bench, stupid."
Seth Saathoff::The Spurs are much better defensively with Splitter in the lineup. With him still out, I expect a tough night for the Spurs bigs as they attempt to match up with Love. Wouldn't be surprised at all if Minny wins this one.
