Rob_Gronkkkkkkk::OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH SNAP!
HunkofButter::ANOTHER miracle zero foul game from LeBron.  DPOY!!!!
Gilchrest89::The Heat are the best team in the NBA!  If they are healthy, no team in the NBA will beat them in a 7-game series.  The Heat will repeat as champs...and I'm not a Heat fan!
mkwan0::Heat are the best team in the NBA.  That being said, winning a championship is difficult.  I would say that the Heat are about even money to repeat.
jrw675::I agree with you based solely on your Insider status.
JCDish::Who needs D Wade anyway, Lebron is enough.
coltranesteelkirt::Heat are a garbage team in a garbage city. Go Cavs!
Durka123::Cavs fans are just mad that lebron left them for a better team.
305champsforlife::Ha ha your from Cleveland!
vicmo25 - vol. 9::and yet they have the best record in the NBA...........nice troll troll, now go troll your troll some troll
coltranesteelkirt::'cause they cheat. Not hard to see.
Miami_Fans_Are_Better_Than_You::The problem is that after the Heat sweep whoever in the finals they have to take the flight back to Miami to celebrate
IlyaKol::This is why I prefer not having home court in the finals to be honest. If you can steal one on the road in the first two games, you can close out the series at home with 3 straight home games. I think it benefits the lower seed more than the top seed.
TrollMagoll::Knicks Biyotches!!!!!!!!
VinceNBAjunkie::bucks should trade monta for draft bithc
SumthinLikeAChamp::This Westbrook hating has got to stop.  I personally prefer more tradition PG's.  But the bigger, more athletic scoring capable guards are here to stay.  While I do knock him a times for not including teammates in plays....lets be real.  He's 6th in Assists....6th!  Some of the problem is that KD is too busy trying to be a play maker, and/or struggles to get open.  Have you guys watched okc this year and year's past?  when a bigger/stronger defender is on KD, he struggles to pop open in a timely fashion.  This RW fault that KD doesn't get more shots AS MUCH as it is KDs.
HamSammich0069::King James, 4 mvps out of 5 years...not.too.bad.
mkwan0::I wasn't aware that the MVP had already been awarded this year
UMiami1994::sorry but the Drose MVP was a joke.
Max 089::Is That All You Know - how was it a joke. LBJ Mvp's are a joke.  One of the most idiotic things a person can say.
Is That All You Know::how was it a joke. LBJ Mvp's are a joke.
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::Agreed. He was being punished. And they didn't want to give him Larry Bird like status.
Finkle my Einhorn::Look at Brandon Jennings deciding to play basketball
Notta Lespn1::now when ricky davis did that throw it off the backboard junk to himself it was shunned upon.
C2Poke88::You're comparing apples to oranges.  Ricky Davis actions were strictly self-serving.  Lebron simply improvised.  He wanted to pass the ball to Miller for the fast break layup.  He jumped in the air to draw the defender, but the defender anticipated it and played the passing lane at the last second.  Because of that, Lebron was stuck in the air and had to improvise to avoid a traveling call or a bad shot, so he threw it off the backboard for the easy dunk.  Those 2 situations couldn't be more different.
ballamichey::it was shunned because he did it to the basket he was defending and to get a triple double
Notta Lespn1::up 20+ seconds left he did it just to prove to future generations that stats are now over rated
smokingstogies305::Ricky Davis is not Lebron James.
Notta Lespn1::no comment other than they both were nba players on a team
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::Wizards bored?
DolphinsCanes66::Frozen Lizards are the Wizards!
KirraDjuki::board*
brandonlee561heat22::Time to migrate
Trevor18hi::btw about the Lebron Alley to himself Lebron was more impressive only cause he had no time to make a decision hile all the others had that in mind otw down the court
Notta Lespn1::reminded me off ricky davis of the cavs triple double
yayarea100::http://www.funnyscreenshots.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/04/star-wars-facebook-status.jpg  Why you never talk sh.it at work..
ncjcrsu::Move to the Wizards board so we can get yet another Heat board to 5000+ comments?
Aicyla22::okay
brandonlee561heat22::The Cavs have lost 4 games this year in which the have lead by 20 points or more
Uncle__Si::Which stat line do you like more??  32.5 ppg, 8.0 rbg, 8.0 apg, 54% fg, 28% 3pt 85% ft, 31.1 PER 26.9 ppg, 8.1 rbg, 7.2 apg, 56% fg, 40% 3pt, 75% ft, 31.6 PER
mlproc08::Jordan also took 22 and a half shots a game while Lebron is only taking 18! Give Lebron those other 4 and a half shots and he will have just as many points. Jordan played over 40 min a game while Lebron is at 38 minutes a game. Those 2 minutes Lebron could easily have gotten 1 more assist.
Robbo523::higher 3pt
Trevor18hi::that was Jordans best year this isn't Lebron's bestt go home
Snuff-A-Luffagus::Yes it is LOL  are you serious
Uncle__Si::Hey, I'm not making a point either way. I think its a fair and an interesting question? The question was a sincere one.
If Yur Not 1st Yur Last::Lebron's self alley-oop is number one on the Top Plays... both Gallinari and Javale have done that this year and they were maybe number 3's.
SumthinLikeAChamp::It's how the situation called for it.  They both did it to be flashy....LBJ had no intentions of doing it, he responded instantly to what the defense gave him.  AAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNDDDDDDDD It was a slow night.
King Taint::if yur not lebron yur not 1st
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::Kevin Duraintaboutdislife
King Taint::flagged
Robbo523::http://i.imgur.com/oQCQ7vI.jpg  PLEASE STAY SAFE!
CB_From_Da_Streetz::Matt is all up in that!
Aicyla22::why?
Trevor18hi::You know what's gonna stop Durant from winning a championship? himself he is trying to be Lebron with increasing his ast which he is a scorer not a passer
Aicyla22::my guess was going to be westbrook
C2Poke88::flybye23 - your guess is better.  Westbrook is and will be there downfall again  That's a joke.  When has Westbrook been their downfall when it counted?  He wasn't their downfall in the Finals last year.  Harden and their bench was.  KD's inability to guard his position was.  Westbrook beasted in the Finals.  At some point people need to evaluate KD's whole game, not just his ability to score.
Aicyla22::shouldnt the coaching staff be doing that?
Trevor18hi::That's it he is trying to set Westbrook up not himself Via with the ast. Durant needs to tell Westbrook "Hey i need the shots."
flybye23::your guess is better.  Westbrook is and will be there downfall again
yayarea100::aint nobody got time fadis
Robbo523::http://i.imgur.com/KgE9ofA.jpg bleeeeeeeeeeeeeee
brandonlee561heat22::lol thats you
brandonlee561heat22::anyone see Tosh last night?
Colby Brian Brick Mamba 3.0::2nd half
King Taint::yes
King Taint::hahah ya it was i forgot about that
brandonlee561heat22::That commerical about racism was hilarious
Robbo523::And found Acylia http://i.imgur.com/umnfmLF.jpg
Aicyla22::i dont have pokemon cards though
King Taint::im glad rob gronkkkkk isnt here.  he was always such a nancy boy.
Robbo523::http://i.imgur.com/twt3G62.jpg stop posting pics of yourself.
yayarea100::#YOYO
King Taint::BUT I GOTS SWAG YO!
Robbo523::I can't believe I started this.
Aicyla22::jerk
CB_From_Da_Streetz::http://sphotos-b.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-prn1/c15.0.403.403/p403x403/486489_10152670935150603_1731295489_n.jpg  Bahahahahahaha
HeatManZE.......::I have climbed highest mountains I have run through the fields Only to be with you Only to be with you I have run I have crawled I have scaled these city walls These city walls Only to be with you
Uncle__Si::I think those who believe in God should have more respect and understanding for those who do not.  I also think those who do not believe in God (or are agnostic) should have more respect and understanding for those who do.
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::i only responded because someone disbelieves the Big Bang and jokes about it
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::i have no problem with your beliefs and faith
Uncle__Si::Cool  Don't get me wrong, I don't think there has been disrespect at all here.  My post was not directed at this board, more just society these days in general
Aicyla22::ditto
postitguy::if science was real it would explain jesus walking on water but it doesnt
Aicyla22::-__-
CB_From_Da_Streetz:::(  http://imfunny.net/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/Funny-meme-with-women-logic.jpg?timestamp=1365148370?cb=J139jlNBce
brandonlee561heat22::lol, that guy looks like Yao Ming
brandonlee561heat22::thought so
Aicyla22::http://www.socialcrunch.it/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/yao-ming-meme-comparison.png
Aicyla22::it is yao ming
Aicyla22::my brain just imploded
King Taint::what up bloods what up cuhs
CB_From_Da_Streetz::Stole koke's line........
King Taint::and his girl
Aicyla22::hello sir
King Taint::good day ma'am
Robbo523::The government is watching each of us.
Aicyla22:::)
King Taint::fixed
Aicyla22::invisibility*
King Taint::thats why i got my invisafuckingbility cloak on
Aicyla22::you rang?
Aicyla22::basketball?
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::motor boat?
Aicyla22::?
Robbo523::I'd rather bre.ast
Aicyla22::?
Robbo523::Humans coming from Apes is the best to me though. Lol why the fk we haven't created a human out of an ape if it's possbile.
Aicyla22::is this for real?
Aicyla22::stop confusing me
Robbo523::haha nothing guh it's a joke.
Aicyla22::wait, what?
Robbo523::LMAO, are you being for real?
Robbo523::In one corner we have the Earth just appearing and in the other corner we have an invisible man who created in.
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::tell people that there's an invisible being that should be worshiped and they believe you, but tell them there's new paint on the wall and they have to touch it to believe you. that's religion :)
Uncle__Si::There are ways of "touching the paint" when it comes to finding faith.
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::lol so you're saying there's actual proof?
Robbo523::CB getting serious on here. http://i.imgur.com/04p3Fzb.png
Robbo523::So I'm going to think like an atheist, in the beginning there was nothing and it exploded and there was Earth.   LMAO I just heard this.
Aicyla22::and im going to think like a religious person; there was some random guy who no ones ever seen who made some people out of clay and bam the rest is history
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::that would be the gov't and police :)
Aicyla22::does it really? okay whatever you say
Uncle__Si::Sounds more reasonable than the the other.  Entropy, baby. Everything naturally leads to chaos, unless someone is directing and organizing it.
Aicyla22:::)
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::big bang, it's science my friend
Robbo523::FK SCIENCE!
digimon.emperorv2::and this kids is where i met your mother - backroom casting couch
Robbo523::http://i.imgur.com/yAsxgah.jpg LMAO Y U MAD!!!!
CB_From_Da_Streetz::BAHAHAHAHA RUGRATS!
Robbo523::This is our future kids. http://i.imgur.com/lxhBvua.jpg
digimon.emperorv2::LOL
CB_From_Da_Streetz::what a hoe!
digimon.emperorv2::LETS GO HEAT
Robbo523::Fk all you too*
Thejeforsfg::If the grammar is off then it ruins the joke. For some reason it's less funny.
CB_From_Da_Streetz::too*
CB_From_Da_Streetz::;)
Robbo523::oh you're a little grammar b.itch I TELL YOU!
Dana White Sucks::Bounce ball to yourself and dunk........granstanding, look-at-me, just dissed the other team.......If Lebron were a baseball player, the next pitch would be chin music.    I want to see him do that in traffic.  Then I'll be impressed.
Thejeforsfg::Quit being so awesome, it offends me and my small $@%!$.
Robbo523::What?
Dana White Sucks::Watch the highlights or the game then you would know
Robbo523::I wonder if Chalmers hates being the little brother of the big 3 and especially PG. Lol he has so much pressure by them.
Aicyla22::i dont think so
jaer04::yeah probably
Colby Brian Brick Mamba 3.0::confucious says, when you stand on toilet, you high on pot
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::man who drop watch in toilet, bound to have s.hitty time
HeatManZE.......::where is aint?
jaer04::hey HeatmanZE friend me
Robbo523::Are you automatically inclined to fight if your team does?
CB_From_Da_Streetz::YES!
HeatManZE.......::ask larry johnson
