Tony::Last season this wouldn't have been a contest, even if Lebron wasn't playing. Now look, it goes down to the last second. Remember Blazer fans who are disappointed right now, our first round draft pick has yet to play. I played ball at a major college for four years, so I am good at recognizing talent. I predicted Lillard's success, and I think McCollum, if given the minutes, will be as good as Lillard. C.J. has a quick and long first step, which get's him easily past any defender, plus he can shoot the three. He will be much more consistent than Mo Williams, who can either light it up or toss up unwarranted shots on any given night. McCollum should back up Matthews and Williams will back up Lillard. C.J. has to get at least 15 minutes a game to progress. He will be a surprise to a lot of people. Let's just hope his foot heals fully. Foot injuries are particularly worrisome because they are slow to heal and reinjury is frequent. The only real downer about this team is the lack of progress of Thomas Robinson. He was a 5th pick, and was listed at 6'10" when he is actually about 6'6", which makes a huge difference. He is too small to play power forward, and cannot play small forward because he can't shoot from the outside. He is a good athlete, however. What he needs to do is watch tape of Jerome Kersey, another great athlete about the same height, who developed a very good mid-range jump shot. What set Kersey apart was his hustle and his work ethic, plus the guy was fast and a hell of a jumper. If Robinson doesn't develop an outside shot nobody will want him. I say Portland should cut their loss quick on this one and trade him after the season to move up in a very deep draft. Package him, Our first round pick, a couple of second round picks, and cash to move up into the top 6-8. Trade him now while teams see him as a potential starter down the road. It's very telling that he has now played on 3 teams in a season and a half. How many 5th picks has that happened to. I can't believe how off his listed height was. Somebody lied on that one when they reported it pre-draft.
Creepyascrackho::Gutsy road win for the Heat.  Great game plan and coaching job.  The Heat proved why they are the champs winning against one of the toughest teams in the league on their home court.   Bosh is truly under-rated.  Message to the Blazers fans - don't count your wins before you actually win.  Year after year teams like the Blazers go into the playoffs with outstanding W/L record only to lose in the 1st or 2nd round.
Mike::Once again, it's clear that Wade can take ANYONE to victory. He did it with Shaq and he can do it with simply with a player like Bosh. James will never be able to be the kind of leader Wade is. People who claim Wade is too old or past his prime don't have any idea the kind of play maker he is for others on his team. When he is gone, the Heat will fall out of contention even with James on the team.
kirby r::I think this SHOULD end all the #$%$ about Bosh not being worthy of All Star status, unable to perform in big games etc. But it won't. sports fans generally just aren't smart enough to put 2 and "two" together.
Iron::I hope people will now understand why Chris Numbers goes down when all big 3 are in the game. Good job to both teams.
heinzy k::LMAO:  THE EXCUSE AGAIN??? THE REFS GAVE IT TO THE HEAT ... oh wait ... the FT discrepancy doesn't back that up
Ron::This game has a lot of ?? for me ... over the play but with possible injuries line dropping... going NCAA Even though th KY WIldcats have had problems knocking down the 3 point shots - and have lost to teams that you thought would give them trouble , they are only a 2.5 point dog to the defending NCAA champs their 100 mile away KY neighbor the Cards.... umm I can only say if you are from KY then you know this is the game of the year and WILDCATS WIN !    ---
Bobby::Bosh needs to be more consistent and stop listening to the haters. Leave it all on the court. Miami Heat great team.
C K::The Blazers aren't built to win in the Playoffs and the Heat are. Those 3 pointers won't fall for 4 games in the 7 games series. Obviously the Heat would win this game easily if LeBron is playing
Travis J::Portland's not a legit title contender...
