LakersSuckABigD::I heard Kobe got penetrated by nuggets
LakersSuckABigD::I heard the Lakers like to suck on some Nuggets.
ClutchFader::Denver Nuggets Star Ty Lawson -- THE LAKERS SUCK!!!!
tonichifi::Might as well go get make more points than WChamberlain and next year go make more points than MJordan.
tonichifi::Kobe can still go for his sixth ring -- NOT THIS YEAR.  He will get it --- NOT THIS YEAR.
tonichifi::When you are losing, there are plenty of excuses.  One of them is to malinger or better yet, blow-up the seriouslness of what physically ails you.
Genghis Kittah::I still dont realize why half the Lakers haven't walked out on Blowbe in the middle of a game.
joah5454_3::Was Denver boxing out at all? How do you give up 26 rebounds to a single player?
krnchan::scoreboard
Trivial Psychic::Lakers try to get physical with Denver last night and now their 2 bigs are both out indefinitely.  I guess Bryant is right about the team being too old.
Genghis Kittah::Bryant isnt right about anything.....
Christmas Ninja 2412::Kobe's excited now he can shoot 40 times in each half
Roger7822::Howard is out?  Well the low post position is obsolete.  Mike Dumbtoni
inglewood247::'I can do better on one leg than all of them......"  D.Fisher
Roger7822::More shots for me is what I say.  Kobe Bryant
Roger7822::What Gasol is out?  There goes our 3 point specialist.  Mike Dumbtoni
SPURZWARZ1.0::RIP LOS ANGELSES LAKERS!
jessica_rabbit17::Poor kobrick gets 3 superstars on his team and still cannot win!!getting Howard was the biggest mistake in nba history!!
inglewood247::wrong.......Cedric Cabeols, Smush Parker, Samari Walker, Luke Walton, Pargo, Nic Van Excel, Vlade D, Morrison, and other. Those were some of the worsest moves the Lakers have done.  The man coming back from back surgery and now a busted shoulder injury and you got Kobe shooting balls like a Cobra spitting venom all over the place. Cuz, he feels he needs to in order to keep the team in the game.
stealingjoy::You're an idiot if you think Van Exel or Divac (and to a lesser extend Ceballos) were mistakes. Both of them were multiple all stars and they weren't overpaid for it either.
Looks good on u tho::Picking Sam Bowie over Jordan and Oden over Durant may just be a little worse, don't you think?
jessica_rabbit17::Lol hell no!!howard is the best center in the nba u tosser!!this season with the help he so craved at Orlando and he is playing worse with the help!! When Howard moved there was so much hype which was squashed after only 5 games in to season!!lmfao
inglewood247::Well.......Howard out indefinately with tore muscle in shoulders; Gasol out with concussion and Hill has hip pointer.   This season is over.....build for next year.
inglewood247::OMG....he will score about 35 pts a game now.
LakersPacker::Yeah I don't blame the big guys, Kobe shooting 27+ times over and over again... That isn't playIng as a team. Kobe needs to do the Lakers a favor and retire like yesterday.
Looks good on u tho::"Don't worry.  I got this."  -Kobe
LakersPacker::The answer is simple, and I never thought I'd say this... Trade Kobe.
jessica_rabbit17::Yes trade Kobe and bring in younger players!!kobe is not getting any younger and is getting worse!!
stealingjoy::Kobe this season has the highest shooting percentage of his career. How is that getting worse?
ROX_GO_HARD_WITH_HARDLIN::lakers should have trouble with a free running team like the rockets who like to pile points on the board...especially since Lakers are NOT at all playing ON THE SAME PAGE WITH OTHER IN WHAT IS COMMONLY KNOWN AS CHEMISTRY-GATE!!
ROX_GO_HARD_WITH_HARDLIN::will chemistry gate ever cease for The la la Lakers?!
ROX_GO_HARD_WITH_HARDLIN::hey guys gals and pals
inglewood247::-So goes Kobe; so goes the Lakers. It's up to him in order to get everybody on the same page"
Looks good on u tho::Lakers have big problems, then.
jessica_rabbit17::Hey raggy Kobe has gasol,Nash,Howard and still cannot win!!3 superstars and playing pathetic!!jordan with pippen,rodman and kukoc wins 72 games,kobrick is 15-18 with 3 superstars!!!lmfao!!jordan knew how to play with his team mates kobrick does not hence there hillarious cack record!!just coz ur lakers are being trounced by ur neighbours the clips don't cry!!
stealingjoy::Two superstars who are definitely fading and one with health concerns. It's not like it's three healthy guys in their prime.
BroncosCelticsAllDay::What most people don't understand is for the era, Kobe is good.... All the primadonnas of the NBA get their money and think of themselves..... Jordan didn't win his rings until he realized he had to work with what he had... Kobe got lucky he had a team he inherited, won titles and now it's about him.... Yes he wants to win but he's more about himself then his team. Haters don't understand that and Laker fans don't want to accept that.... The sad part is its the truth.
BroncosCelticsAllDay::5 total rings, 7 trips to the finals, gold medal for USA, MVP of the league, 5th all time in scoring....  It may be a loser argument but what else does he need to prove?? Go back to college and win an NCAA tourney?? I may agree with the fact he's a ball hog but in this era, all the superstars are so what's he point in saying it CONSTANTLY!!!!
BroncosCelticsAllDay::You are entitled to your opinion but insulting someone isn't going to get ya anywhere..... As you see by my name I'm not a Lakers fan, but I do respect the sport and you can't deny the stats he has put up, ball hog or not
dichdastardly::Calling a pig a pig is not an insult.... Calling Kobe a BallHawg is what it is...stats ain't shizzzzzz,,,  bringing up stats is a losers argument...
dichdastardly::Kobe is BallHawg.... A stupid selfish BallHawg...
jessica_rabbit17::La lakers......15-18!!!meta world tosser said lakers wud go 73-9 after getting Howard and Nash!!!lmfao
dichdastardly::It justs gets betterer and betterer....
dichdastardly::Kobe BallHawg got his 28 points...thats all that matters..... -Kobe slurpers and burpers-
dichdastardly::LMAO,....... BeeeeeYuuuuuuuTeeeeeeeFul..... Go D'Antoni.....    GO
lakeshow8424::"We just can't let teams start out with 34 points in the first quarter... somehow we have to try to figure out why that's happening."   --D'Antoni  REALLY!!!  Everyone else seems to know why that's happening except you and Jim Buss.
jessica_rabbit17::Kobe 26 shots to get 28 points!!!lmfao biggest brick in the history of the nba!!!!
raggy8292::None of you're arguments make since. Kobe can't win without (Blank). Neither can any other superstar. Kobe's a ball hog even though he's shooting a high percentage( well MJ shot the ball a lot more). The lakers are missing team chemistry and depth. They have 5 good players. No bench at all. What the miami heat have, what the bulls had with jordan, what the clippers have, is 8 to 12 good basketball players. What the lakers have is 5. Idk how you could disagree with this statement. It's not kobe's fault they are this bad although he could alter his game by distributing and they might be a little better. You can't win without any depth, especially when you already have an old team.
Bklyricist::if u think about it, it was phil that made mike gain that trust in his teamates so as the years go buy and the bulls continue winning championships, mike grows as a player and trust his teamates more......   think about it mike never won a title without Phil jackson.... but Phil Jackson won a title without Mike.....
Bklyricist::and Mike never made his teamates better......it was phil jackson that did, because of his method the triangle, which is the same reason why kobe was successful .....  phil jackson knows how to utilize the players on his team.......even bench players.......  if mike didnt have phil, he probably would be averaging 40 points a game, loosing in the playoffs screaming crazy at his teamates , like he did bill cartright, or punching his teamates in the face like he did steve kerr....
raggy8292::bynum was drafted by the lakers at 17 years old. Don't say enter bynum like they received him for nothing. Shaq didn't win in LA until kobe was an all star. He went to miami and won with another superstar. And that was it. Shaq said himself that with kobe they prolly would have won atleast 3 if not 4 more rings
raggy8292::How many times did jordan guard the other teams best player? 0 it was always pippen.  Jordan is the better player than pippen. I did not say he wasn't but the bulls did better without jordan than they did without pippen. Look at the bulls before pippen and look at the bulls with pippen when jordan left. HAHAHAHA I love that your so close minded and dumb
jessica_rabbit17::Lmfao Raggy u $@%!$@!!!how many last second shots in the playoffs and finals did pippen have?how many finals Mvps did pipped have?how many 55 point games in the finals did pipped have?ZERO u tosser it was Jordan who always had amazing finals performances not pippen or rodman u waste of sp..m!!lol
Bklyricist::kobe been like this his entire career, this isnt anything new to anybody......and what he has to show for playing like this......a 16 year career of longevity  and 5 championships  so kobe isn't the one to blame......coaching is to blame.....  kobe has 5 rings playing the way he plays......
raggy8292::the only reason jordan has rings is because of pippen etc, the only reason lebron has rings is because of dwade and bosh, the only reason magic has rings is because of kareem, the only reason bird has rings is because of mchale parish etc etc etc etc. You're so dumb i'm not sure if this is funny or if you're just annoying
jessica_rabbit17::Lmfao!!erm get real kobes first 3 rings were down to shaq!!funny how when shaq leaves,shaq wins a ring with Miami season later and kobrick gets ousted in first round of playoffs...enter gasol and Bynum Kobe wins 2 more rings!!the only reason kobe has rings are coz of shaq and gasol!!lmao
raggy8292::why is it automatically his fault. How is it fair that when he does well the rest of the team sits around and watches, providing no effort or help whatsoever. Only superstar ever that when he plays well the rest of the team doesn't play at all
raggy8292::I like all the names you placed there showing just how much talent was on those bulls teams. Again a 60 win team without jordan. Add any all star or superstar to that team and they sould win 70 games. Not impressed.
jessica_rabbit17::Raggy lmfao!!how many rings did bulls win without Jordan u pathetic tosser? Jordan wins 3 leaves for 18 months comes back better than ever helps bulls to 72-10 record best in nba history in 1996 u $@%!!!has his second 3 peat!! Steve Kerr,Dennis rodman,Toni kukoc,luc longley,horrance grant,John Paxton all said Jordan made them better!!not 1 player on the lakers in 16 years has said that about kobrick!lmao
raggy8292::how did jordan make his teammates better you dumb $@%. They won 60 games when he retired. WOW he was so special. He took more shots a game and season than kobe. So therefore he was more of a ball hog. Everyone else still played hard and filled roles. Can't even argue with close minded people like you. You're pathetic enough to be on these boards talking !$@%
jessica_rabbit17::Lmfao!! Of course it's his fault u moron!!when Kobe takes all these shots he makes his team WORSE!!!jordan made his team mates better kobrick does not!!the reason his team mates are doing nothing is coz they are annoyed at ball hog!!!kobe takes takes to many hard shots with no chance of rebound!!!
raggy8292::he's shooting 48% on the season. Everyone has bad individual nights from time to time
jessica_rabbit17::From time to time?lmfao!!!!so what if he is shooting 48 percent the lakers record this season is pathetically hilarious!!!!kobe is 15-2 when he scores over 25 points!!
jimmylee15::Thats why he is Kobrick!!!  He will put up 40 shots vs houston.. in another loss
jimmylee15::The Reason why the lakers are garbage is because of Kobrick Bryant....    shoots too much and his teammates hate him.....  the whole team is stagnant watching him shoot contested horse bricks...and he doesnt play Defense as we all know...  all the wide open shots are from his guy he is guarding.....  Do high schools still teach Defense??
BroncosCelticsAllDay::Kobe won 2 rings playing the way he does.... He wasn't the focal point in the first 3, there was a fella named Shaq that lead those teams
Bklyricist::if i remember correctly when kobe and shaq played together........ its been known that kobe shoots alot or didnt pass,m but yet he still was able to win 3 with shaq......  shaq leaves and kobe playing the way he does makes 3 straight nba final appearances with gasol and bynum, 2 players that are already washed up and looked at as useless players in the nba ....  2008,2009,2010   at the end of the day....everything falls on the coach....... kobe been in the league for 16 years, 5 nba titles and 7 nba final appearances ......at the end of the day he can't take no blame at all.....  his resume speaks for himself, and he is in his 16 year... he shouldn't have to be coaching his teamates, thats not his job......  he cant tell dwight u need to work on your post moves because u can't even dribble the ball without getting it picked in the post.....  he cant tell pau gasol to get in the post, if mike dont want gasol in the post  he cant tell his teamates to run the triangle cause thats not his job......
Bklyricist::kobe won 5 championships playing that way he has always been playing.......
Looks good on u tho::Trust me...every opposing coach and team in the league wants him to keep doing what he's doing.    Lakers are no threat to any team (home or away) if they keep playing the way they are playing.  Next couple weeks will be key.  They will likely lose to HOU, definately lose to SA and OKC...then they have MIA and OKC again in January.  Going to get real ugly.
raggy8292::Dwight can't score 26 consistently.Every time he gets good position down low the other team fouls him. Then he misses the majority of the free throws. Maybe kobe should tone it back to 25 instead of 30 points a night. Let more shots come to him while allowing others to score more. But it's still a bit messed up the team can't play hard just because he's shooting a lot (but making the shots). I see what you mean
raggy8292::thats not my point. If you have the ability to score 30 or 40 and shoot 50% then you're team should still play hard. He's shooting well. Jordan used to shoot even more than kobe but his team never sat around and watched. If you came to play with kobe you we're obviously willing to sacrifice. Have a little heart and help the man win
Looks good on u tho::If you are going to fill your team with players like Dwight, Nash, and Gasol - then Kobe needs to understand that HE needs to sacrifice.  This would be a much better team if Howard scored 26 and Kobe 20...  But Kobe will NEVER let that happen.  Kobe will shoot this team to the basement and not give a second thought about it.
raggy8292::if you shoot 50% you should be able to shoot every time u touch the ball
Looks good on u tho::BTW - Dwight is shooting 57% and Nash 53% but Kobe averages more shots than both of them combined.  So based on your post above...  Why is Kobe taking so many shots, again?
Looks good on u tho::That's Kobe's thinking.....  Keep jacking up those shots Kobe...I am sure no opposing team or coach minds....
jessica_rabbit17::Lmfao at Howard!!!he leaves Orlando to join 2 superstars expecting to be great and he is having his worst season in the nba!!!biggest mistake of his career going to la,he is just embarrassing himself and be made to look like he only moved for the money!!should have gone to Miami or thunder as the lakers are just plain abysmal!!
socialsatyr11::if you guys don't start winning, I'm going to take more shots.  ---Kobrick Bryant
Bklyricist::it lead  the lakers to 5 championships and 7 final appearance so i rather see kobe shoot in stead of pass like lebron and retire with 1 ring the  lebron won during a lockout season...lol
jimmylee15::Thats the only way to solidfy Staples Center!  Bricks and more Bricks!
jimmylee15::Lakers will not win any championships in the near future....  OKC, Clippers, and Memphis will own the West for years to come....
epochme::D12 is so out of there- he hates kobe the rapist end of story.
epochme::DH is all this team has, why does everyone else on the floor get more shots. Nash, what the hell?
jimmylee15::Kobrick is/was only a good role player back in the Shaq days..he is unable to lead or bring a championship to a city.....   in other words Piggybacker....
raggy8292::brought 2 as the undisputed leader
inglewood247::-We better hope D12 doesn't leave after this season
D17772::The IQ level in society has really fallen.  Love the propaganda by the sports media. The Lakers are 3 games behind the 8th seed and 5half behind the 6th seed.  AT WORST, this dysfunctional team(at the time) can get the 6th seed and a matchup against the Spurs or Clippers can be won. A Laker team w Kwame, Cook, Smush, &amp; Walton was up 3-1 on an MVP Nash Suns team.  Lakers can be a dark horse this year(at worst). Now, if they improve, because team chemistry takes time, they can become a scary 6th or 5th seed team.
Looks good on u tho::Exhale every once in awhile so you don't pass out.  This will get worse before it gets better.  You're not close to seeing the bottom, yet.
Roger7822::People dont realise that Fisher was so important to the Lakers.  Yeah he was old and slow and only averaged about 6 points as a stater.  But he was the true leader of the team.  Kobe cannot relate or encourage his mere mortal teammates or involve his fellow superstar Howard.  There is no comraderie or chemistry amongst the players.  Fisher would have been able to bring everyone together and play as a unit.  Kobe is acidic and Fisher is alkaline.  I know Kobe only has a high school education but he is smart enough to know that you need a dominant Howard and a cohesive team to win a championship.
inglewood247::THANK YOU.......It has NEVER been Shaq or Kobe keeping all those players together. When he did leave i was disapppointed that a leader has gone away not so much his guard play. Kobe is not a leader and won't be a leader of this team either. How about we put some blame on Kobe since it's HIS TEAM and tell him stop making difficult shots where nobody can get the rebound.
Looks good on u tho::Kobe will take a contested fall away before an uncontested layup just to feed his ego and show everyone he is "the Man"  Lazy on both ends of the court.  No motion, just jab step, jab step, back down the defender, fall away jumper.  Or just a pull up three pointer.  Puts out no real effort...that's why he can play 42 minutes every night.
Kobrick is overrated::King james &gt; nash , howard and kobrick combined   Better passer than nash Better defender than howard Better EVERYTHING than kobrick
BoisePanther3489 II::LMFAO...Kobe strikes again: 26 shots to get 28 points!! LMAO!!
inglewood247::and blame D'Antoni for me shooting too much.....not my fault he is giving me the ball and not them"...  signed Kobe "Mamba"
bex5677::Your Welcome---Kobe System
bex5677::Hey Dwight, Shaq was right u are soft...   Dwight knocks Kobe out and says;  "Your Welcome"  ***if you dont get it watch the commercial kobe system***
Roger7822::The lakers have a leadership problem.  It starts with the legendary Jerry Buss.  The man is 90 years old but he want to spend his energy with 19 year old females.  Nothing is wrong with that and God bless him.  But he is hands off with the Lakers.  Then we have his idiot son who spurn the greatest coach ever to hire Mr. Pringles.  Then we have the yes man Mitch Kupkake who knew better but did not speak his mind about Mr. Pringles.  Then we have Mike Dumbtoni who know nothing about defense and stated that the low post position is obsolete.  Plus he dismissed Howard statement about chemistry which is important to side with Kobe.  Then we have the Black MEba who created an acidic locker room.  He cannot relate to his teammates or a fellow superstar like Howard.  He takes 27 shots a game and does not have a problem if the NBA's best center gets 7 shots.  Kobe refuses to play defense and never offered to pick up Dwight or his team mates in his helicopter. Kobe is a terrible leader but he is just 1 of them.
Bklyricist::think about even during a lockout season last year,gasol and bynum and kobe the last  members of the phil championship lakers were still able to play better than this current lakers team and it was because of the chemistry and the coaching of phil from the previous years that was installed in them, that made them successful even though they got eliminated in the second round.....and to think mike brown was the coach but kobe gasol and bynum was still runing the triangle here and there....
Bklyricist::its not kobe job.....when do u guys realize its the coach job....chris paul is a point guard..... lebron is a point forward....... Kobe Bryant is a shooting guard......get that a shooting guard...he is doing what he is payed to do shoot.....its the coach jobe to run plays for the other players and get them involved..........  do mike run plays for gasol and howard in the post....no  its all this pick and roll nonsense that will not get them far especially in the finals.....   Phil jackson knows how to utilize each players strength and put them in a position so they play to there potential.......  mike doesn't do this.....and this is the reason why the lakers are so bad.....even on defense......
Roger7822::Yeah inglewood the sad thing about it is that Kobe is a gifted passer and player.  But he refuses to involve Howard.  Kobe as a student of the game must realise that the only way the Lakers get on track is with a dominant Howard.  Plus he must go against his grain and make everyone feel involved.  If not beg Kupkake to bring back Fisher to fill that role.
inglewood247::thank you roger.....you are absolutely right. Kobe is prouding himself of being HIS TEAM but he has never been a leader on any of the laker teams. Chris Paul has always been a leader and he has made his team better, he has made all his role players better and they like playing with each other.
inglewood247::-THIS IS ONE OF THEE WORSE LAKER TEAMS I HAVE EVER SEEN!!!!......  -Problem.....C H  E   M  I   S   T  R  Y!!!  Period.  Neither one of those guys like playing with each other due to no player understands how to play with each other. Yes, the Heat had this problem with they go together to iron out their issues and conceded to who would lead that team.  Kobe; as great of a SHOOTER/SCORER, he is far from a GREAT LEADER to this team. If it's your team then be the leader to rally all your troops together and get on the same page. Stop the chatter about being old (excuse), and we can't defend (excuse); you have all the pieces but no leadership in the locker room. I know D12 could go somewhere right now and get involved with another team with no problem even with back issues. D'Antoni is a bad contributor to this issue also, he refuses to change his system with these players, he refuses to use his centers to have advantage with size and all the players are less interested in playing defense for the failed system.
inglewood247::gmskking...it isnt about chilling out because i still believe in my Lakers but you have to be a realist to understand when things aren't working well, This is not just an adjustment period with injuries this is a team that has issues that aint age. Itsefforts, defense, chemistry, and offensive system
gmskking::chill out
HanYolo_swag::"D12, Kobe, Nash, Gasol = automatic contenders -- actually, give us the title right NOW!!"  -Lakers fans before the season started
bex5677::i heard that too but now we hearing once they make the playoffs nobody can beat them 4 games
HeatleHitMane::Dwight - Man i had the wildest dream last night. It was triple overtime with 3 seconds left. I was cutting to the basket when you hit me with this crazy no look ally oop for the win.   Kobe - Keep dreamin. (me pass? huh, he must be out his mind.)
bex5677::your welcome--kobe system
bizz...::..........I  hope  hotel  security   keeps  an  eye   on  Kove  Bryant  while  hes  in   housten  !
bex5677::I had a great story for espn but got denied... -- smush parker
kushage420::my favorite lakers list jerome kersey smush parker mark madsen samaki walker kwame brown luke walton stanislove medvedenko
Baby Fernando Torres .::Wade kicking Bobcats players in the balls. How much more pathetic can an overrated player be?
KnickshaterfromNY::more pathetic then kobe punching manu for blocking his shot?
timmys_era_is_high_00027::Kobe raping someone in Denver a few weeks after his first child was born
bizz...::LOL....yeah....hes  the  sickest
Miami-Star1::Kobe smacked players in the Face after being fouled
ramooreiii::Malice at the Palace.
HeatleHitMane::I don't brick often. But when I do, I'm wearing my #24 Lakers jersey.
