themightyrule10::I'm sorry GS but the blue and yellow color scheme is rough.  Orange and black like the giants!
MoonMan2425::The Warriors have always been Blue and Gold, aside from the lightning bolt/Cohan era.   It's a classic look.  The best jerseys in the NBA.  Golden State.
themightyrule10::your home court hurts to look at
schmeeboo::I'm loving this Golden State team.
Oaktown1029::Imo, Curry's playing the best ball since he came here now that he's healthy again. He's exciting to watch and he makes the Dubs exciting to watch - typical for the franchise but this year the defense is much better than it has been for a very long time. Way to start the road trip!
knowlto::Same old turnovers, ugh.
rhoppe28::I agree. They gotta stop that. Though, in their defense, they are still a young team that are still learning how to play with each other. I think the gradually get better as the season progresses.
trademarktaz::I'm a life long Pistons fan and this team disgusts me right now. Andre Drummond is the only monster we have on defense and he's only a rookie. Get rid of everyone except Drummond because this team is going nowhere with Monroe and Knight. Get rid of them while they still have value or our roster will end up being mediocre at best like the Warriors.
rhoppe28::LOL! You sound like a sore loser! The Pistons are not even on our level...
Condo Snap::We have more offensive skill than this Pistons team could dream of.... don't bring us down in your world of suck we're trying to do something good here.
cliffmatics::Wow the warriors look very impressive this early in the season. I'm very excited about this team and how well they might do moving forward. Team hasn't look this good since Baron Davis was still around.
ShuttupDonny::who?
BillyJoelsSecondWifeFan::Warriors are 11-7! Impressive!
SFthomas1969::Using a bet system called sportsbettingstar. Ive made around 3k a month profit since starting to follow this system. If you google sports betting system you will find out more how this system works. If you bet on sports you gotta check this system out.
mlb172::Dub Nation!
Zukkoyaki::I'm really digging this Drummond kid. Hopefully he and my boy Kim English get to develop into key players on this team
troy_green1::Good win Dubs! I was nervous how they would look after the Orlando loss. Good to see the team bounce back. Going forward the Warriors need to learn how to keep their foot on the gas. There is nothing wrong with blowing a team out. Right now the point differential for the season is too close for comfort. The Warriors are good enough to put some teams away and not play so many close ballgames.   Detroit has a nice squad. Detroit needs a scorer to go along with their size. I'm interest to see how Detroit develops over the next few years.
Coug4five::Look at those plus/minus numbers, Drummond at +17 and Monroe and Maxiell and -24 and -22. The kid can play
Coug4five::He also had as many rebounds and more points than Monroe and Max combined
Detroit Everything::well it's because he was in the entire time during the comeback and monroe and maxiel were on the bench  but I'm all for Drummond getting the minutes he deserves.
Philip3664::Im liking how he can out jump everybody on the floor going up for a rebound
longgrassgrows::Warriors are certainly coming out to play
stayeduptolate21::vote steph curry all star game 4 straight games of 20 and 10!!!
masterp0703::How did Barnes have no fouls in 31 minutes....wtf. His play is intriguing, he could be great.
WarriorsWarrior::Warriors are Golden!
ovechkinsgoal::wizards could have had klay thompson but went with jan vesely instead.  gay.
SFG Deck of Aces WS::Warriors &gt; Pistons Giants &gt; Tigers 49ers &gt; Lions  Life is good
SFG Deck of Aces WS::Lol it's an expression but I like what I see
Detrocity::I guess if your life is lived thru others ... just don't look in the mirror bro
GeorgeTownDC29::Finally Clay has a good game
BillyMaysHere92::Here's a trend I've noticed.   More minutes+ Drummond= More production
supe540::Healthy Steph really starting to put it together.
vusani::Way to ride the same 9 guys into the ground Coach Larry.
CBill1080::Locked out NHL&gt;NBA
verticaleye::anyone see the game &amp; know why Monroe only played 22 minutes while Drummond got a career high 31 minutes?
tja52::i dont understand how the coaching is a joke, I didnt watch the game but by looking at the box score Monroe was having an off game while drummond was playing really well. So why not let Drummond keep playing if hes playing better than Monroe at the time?
Detroit Everything::coaching is just a joke.
roryhill007::foul trouble definitely played a role, questionable coaching decisions as well
roryhill007::Steph played lights out, but this was a statement game for Klay. 5-8 from deep and no turnovers to boot.
_Neanderthal Hipster 2.0_:::)
_Neanderthal Hipster 2.0_::need clippers to lose tonight =)
cxlo::It will be a complete tragedy if Stephen Curry is not in the All-Star game this year.
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::Not much you can do when perimeter players get hot.. believe it or not it was sort of role reversals last game the Warriors played WHEN Dookie JJ Reddick just went absolutely bonkers from the 3 point line AND Golden State lost
Philip3664::Third straight sub-par game for Greg. Gotta get him going again
WarriorsWarrior::GS &gt; LA  he he he!
outkastD::Jarrett jack + Corey Maggette= Ne-Yo
curtezanthony::damn. dead on.
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::Are most pistons fans tigers fans on here too?  Cause the last time we dealt with Detroit fans, it was during the World Series chats and they were intolerable, but Pistons fans cool tonight
vusani::There's always hockey.
Detroit Everything::ok i was there, we weren't that bad. We were mostly getting taunted for our players being fat like we do every game
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::uhmmm yes your fan base as a whole was.. they took over the NLCS boards since Game 6, and we couldn't even have a meaningful convo with Cards fans
iVoted4Kodos.::Tigers really need a championship, it's a tiger town. That's why.
domcerqs04::More people show up to a Middle school bball game then a Piston game.
JimDetroitFan95::Bashing Frank for this loss is nuts.
Detroit Everything::he really didn't do anything. we were down big and he left the players doing well in for the remainder of the game. What he did wrong is as follows:   playing zone with 3 guys who cannot guard the perimeter. When the GS shooters came back to the game he should have either switched back to man to man or made a substitution.
SB4LlFE::getting tired of these smallballs at end of game...
rhoppe28::It's working so far.
TheJTram::Im surprised Drummond managed to stay out of foul trouble this time
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::Still would have drafted Greg Monroe over Ekpe Udoh, but in retrospect Udoh netted us all 3 rookies this year so not complaining too too much
gsraider::What would happen if the bench plays well with the starters..usually the warriors bench is plus on point diff.
sy0120::richard jefferson and villanueva lol, bald twins
WarriorsWarrior::Great win I heard that the pistons had a five game winning streak at home!
Kmalnigh::Knight was 1-7 from beyond the arch? Take it he was just off tonight?
iVoted4Kodos.::Kim English should have been taking half those three's
AthleticWarriorRaiderPaisa::gg det
27SFGiantsFan::Yea! Now the Clips just gotta lose
davidwanglikesitbig::This timeout better be used in discussing why Monroe was on the bench for the entirety of the 4th and why Drummond isn't playing 30+
sy0120::Anybody else here,despite klay's performance tonight, pissed at his shot selection? He takes 3-5 headscratchers every game
TheJTram::Safe to say that BK struggled this game ALOT
Ferda24::The Pistons are trash. I'm so tired of this team. They don't even deserve the little fans that they do get at games
Kmalnigh::Yeah I like the youth we have. I'm actually pretty encouraged for the future.
Detroit Everything::why would you say that? this was a fantastic effort despite really bad shooting by players we expect to produce.
WarriorsWarrior::Klayton Showed up
yielijah::this game was just too close..
Detroit Everything::come on knight, u were WIDE open
