bartulaman88::Pull the plug, let Marion play for a contender, it's clearly what he wants and who can blame him. Mark Cuban sold the team out after the championship and have put no one with him as a replacement. He would probably have a lot of value. Couple that with a rested, healed Dirk next year and you might have a product worth watching. I am just not sure I would want Donnie making the personnel decisions needed in the draft and in bringing in some 3-4 year old vets.
apbelen26::It's time for my Mavs to rebuild :'(
kitastrophy34::well that was a close one
kapernick is squidward::Steve tasker: 4-time superbowl participant Carmelo Anthony in 10 years:  17-time first round participant
huskers-PVAMU::what?
texrcana24::It was one game that involved a team coming off a bad loss looking to take it out on somebody and another team coming back from a road trip that simply looked lethargic and uninterested in the game.  The Mavs looked like a team that was ok just coming in and taking a loss.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Lmao the The Thunder own the Mavs. Try again kid
Seskatchewan::I went to that bad loss... No one can beat the cavs when kyrie irving AND the fans were playing/being top notch like they were
gerald68831::I started following this online betting system called SportsBettingStar a couple of months ago.  Ive made around 3K per month since I started.  I was looking for a handicapper one day and just google searched for Sports Betting Systems.  It was right there on the first page.
Mitmobile::Shows you how important it is for the Mavs to have VC on the court.
jjoe13::While I love our Owner (Cuban) this nuclear disaster is on him.  While I know Tyson Chandler is not Dwight Howard... why let go of a 7'0, Athletic, Defensive Presence that is averaging a double/double.  The Mkt price for those guys is about $13 to $14 million which is exactly what Tyson is making w/ NY.  Give me another 7 footer than can avg. Double Digit rebounds, Pts, and be mobile enough to play good def in the NBA. When you get one.. You don't let him walk.  You put him w/ a healthy Dirk for 4 years and let them ride... and then add this medley of Marion and other guys... Shame... but at least we got a title out of it.
bartulaman88::Nuff said, thank you Mr. Cuban
2846mike::Chandler has 20 boards in each of the last 3 Knicks games. The guy is a defensive beast and Cuban must be kicking himself.To put it in perspective...Chandler had more boards than the entire starting line up of the Mavs combined last night.
4 Petes Sake::I feel for Mavs fans a little.  They had no control over blowing up the 2011 team.
Roy3667::Mavs suck Thunder rock Automatic Blowout Westbrook to Durant Huge Dunk or 3
thunderguy80::ESPN once again proving their bias...front headline is praising the Knicks for their 5 game win streak all at home and only 2 wins against teams above .500 and that proves they are ready to play for the Title....yeah real impressive...OKC had a 12 game winning streak and they didn't even get mentioned during their entire streak...ESPN=Bias
Ivanov21::Be happy you're not a Spurs fan then. They could go 82-0 and still be regarded as underdogs.
I worship TV::Good point.
Carolinafever2002::It's time for lazy boy Dirk to retire.
cougarsrule45::It's going to be a really long time before the Mavericks content for the Larry O'brien trophy again.
remy 88::I'm sure it would make them content, but it might be a while before they contend.
OklaHOMERrCityThunder::THUNDERup!!!
doritos locos burritos::irk is washed up and the mavs are garbage 2011 was clearly a fluke
bartulaman88::agreed, 3 years ago everyone was saying Garnett and Duncan were washed up too. With that being said,  I think the best thing at this point is to sit Dirk until next season, let him heal and rest the body. Play all the young guys and that way they can find out what type of plan to put for 2013/14.   I just hope they don't take Howard or any other BIG name players that don't hustle, won't play tough and whine,
jjoe13::Man Dirk is coming off of Knee Surgery.. I know he's 33 but he hasn't been healthy at all this year... not the right year to judge him on....give him a full offseason which he will have this season cause the Mavs ain't going nowhere and he'll be back shooting a high % and avg. 21 to 22 pts a game while getting 7 to 8 rebounds per game.
skyboy986::I'm a Thunder fan, family from OKC but right now I'm living with my other family in the state of Washington, and it's funny how people here hate OKC but it's obvious they love them, if OKC sucked Seattle fans wouldn't care.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Funny thing is they should hate them selfs. It's their own fault they don't have a team.
WatergateSwagTheSecond::I think everybody respects OKC except for the seattle fans, clay did a good job with the homegrown superstars
adeptimg::The Thunder ripped the Mavs cuz they were ripped by the Cavs. Cleveland gets an assist with this one.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::I see you have not watched the Thunder all season. They have been playing like that all season. With a few bumps in there. That was far from angry last night. Get a clue.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::5 point win is far from rip.  nice try riding the Thunders coat tall. Lmao
I worship TV::They where playing angry last night. A big factor in that was the loss to Cleveland.
SPIZURS::Griffin1634 RC is one of the best coaches in the NBA. Spurs fans are really stupid. Maybe you should stop drinking the river water. Also, I can't wait for Duncan, Parker, and Ginobili to retire and the Spurs become bottom feeders again. No top FA is going to want to go to that terrible city so they will have to get lucky through the draft like they did with Duncan and Parker. Mavs &gt; Spurs ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- the most bu tthurt post i have ever read LOL
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::No it's when spurs got back door swept out of  the playoffs last  season. The spurs fans  were real but hurt then.
King-Prodigy-X::LOL!!!!!!! Mavs can't beat OKC.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::One vs how many have the Thunder put on the fakers this season and last. Fakers still suck.
COWHAWKFAN::It's not like many teams can.
Kobelies247::Lakers did!
chrislil::easyway to begin makeing online money guaranteed FREE. no card ever needed! just watch the video and make your decision  http://instantpaydaynetwork.com/lilwig22
chrislil::easyway to begin makeing online money guaranteed FREE. no card ever needed! just watch the video and make your decision  http://instantpaydaynetwork.com/lilwig22
Greygoose crew::Trade Dirk for KG and terry
skyboy986::That would be interesting
Greygoose crew::Mark Cuban is a moron
97ernie::I like the way everybody step up to help the okc to night, it took a lot of pressure off of KD. I still think that sefolosha needs to step up his game a little more.
UTRAssassins::to the sac board
BootyLoaf.::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3FtoqOdy5ls  his most recent magic show that im sure many people on here remember. and he's not even old enough to legally drink
BootyLoaf.::http://www.topix.com/forum/nba/TQ0DRVQ73G32U6M19
MavsHater4ever::jesus christ what has happened to the Dallas Mavs? They finally won a title a couple of seasons ago and they turn around and shuffle off into worthlessness. It's not even fun hating them anymore.
bartulaman88::Tyson, Berea, Kidd and Stevenson = bye bye future championships.  To all the haters who want to say "lightening in a bottle and fluke, all I have to say is that you did not watch all of any of the games in each of the series. That team would have beat a lot of past champions as well as last years Heat or Thunder. Cuban blew it, no excuses
coontang1117::All down hill when they got rid of Tyson Chandler
RUserious-2::Blame Mark Cuban.  He traded his entire team but Dirk and Marion.
jf20219::Cuban messed up
BootyLoaf.::http://www.waitingfornextyear.com/2012/12/espn-kyrie-irving-will-be-leagues-best-point-guard-by-2015/
BootyLoaf.::http://www.cleveland.com/cavs/index.ssf/2013/01/cleveland_cavaliers_campy_russ.html
TFUID Part 12::Good night, THUNDER UP!
SPIZURS::wasn't Dallas once known for playing at least a little D? 39 points in the 2nd? are u serious MavBrick fan??? RC has to go
Griffin1634::RC is one of the best coaches in the NBA. Spurs fans are really stupid. Maybe you should stop drinking the river water. Also, I can't wait for Duncan, Parker, and Ginobili to retire and the Spurs become bottom feeders again. No top FA is going to want to go to that terrible city so they will have to get lucky through the draft like they did with Duncan and Parker. Mavs &gt; Spurs
MavsHater4ever::Griffin, how many championships do the Mavs have? How many championships do the Spurs have? Thank you. And by the way, the rest of the state of Texas HATES the city of Dallas. If we had our way we would gladly annex that sorry dump to Oklahoma. Suck it chump!!! Spurs&gt;Mavs                                                                                                  Herpes&gt;Dallas
COWHAWKFAN::SA is actually a nice city.
SPIZURS::lol, there was so much b utt hurt in that post
bryanpoff::IMO:  1. Michael Jordan 2. Bill Murray 3. Bugs Bunny 4. Lola Bunny 5. Daffy Duck 6. Tasmanian Devil 7. Foghorn Leghorn
YogaBeer::Huckleberry Hound should at least be in the top 10.
Black_Hiiippy::Switch Murray and Bugs
bryanpoff::Trash. Ever since his knee surgery he's just not the same man
YogaBeer::Yeah, but still can produce a good pic-a-nic basket.
YogaBeer::Where's Yogi and BooBoo?
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::Top SFs other then the obvious 3. (Melo, Bron, and Durant) Paul George, Thaddeus Young, Nicolas Batum, Iguadala, Gay, Paul Pierce, and Loul Deng
JohnsonnnL::Josh Smith
YogaBeer::He'll be on a lot of peeps minds this off season during FA frenzy.
YogaBeer::I'd love to see Gallinari playing for the Cavs.   Trade for Luke Walton and a couple picks?
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::Not a rank, Just naming off the top I can think of dont think I missed anyone who should be in top 10
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::Maybe I put Gallinari before Iguadala, as a Nuggets fan but IDK
BootyLoaf.::just stop it
TFUID Part 12::I don't see how you could disagree with that.
lil_Stratboy::Joey Crawford is the greatest REFEREE of all time!!!!!  The G.R.O.A.T!!!!!
SPIZURS::F U  -Spurs fans
FrankPisFACTio211::Only Laker fans think that.
UTRAssassins::one of the NBA guys for espn thinks that Kawhi , Splitter, and Diaw for Garnett is a good trade
Big Hoss 6969::KG and Duncan together, too bad they are both well past their primes
MavsHater4ever::yeah too bad Duncan hates KG's guts also
jf20219::Spurs would never do that
MavsHater4ever::awful. just plain awful
SPIZURS::which loser was it? Gutierrez?
ThunderUpUNCPokes::Wow. What a joke
SPIZURS::LOL, Winter should be fired for that
UTRAssassins::http://espn.go.com/nba/story/_/page/5-on-5-130204/nba-best-deals-top-trade-targets
BootyLoaf.::http://insider.espn.go.com/nba/story/_/id/8779257/nba-why-kyrie-irving-league-best-point-guard-2015
bigalz72::Best PF in the league right now? Besides Hedu Turkgolu of course...
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::LOL I like Milsap, Aldridge and Griffin
bigalz72::maybe,,,
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::The Manimal!!!
UTRAssassins::TIM DUNCAN BEST BIG MAN IN THE LEAGUE
SPIZURS::Really MavBrick fan?? did you guys even put up a fight?? pathetic
remy 88::cp3 and westbrook are the best PGs right now and the other guys are pretenders. If Rose comes back healthy and in good form, maybe him.
UTRAssassins::4th best SF?
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::Thaddeus Young, Nicolas Batum, Iguadala, Gay  IDK id' have to go with Paul George
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::Paul Pierce, and Loul Deng probably up there to.
FrankPisFACTio211::Paul George is a beast. His emergence is gonna force an inevitable Granger trade.
UTRAssassins::Lebron
bigalz72::Metta!!!!.......
UTRAssassins::LOL
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::Paul George, IMO
UTRAssassins::good guess
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::First name came to my head but i'd have to think about it.
BootyLoaf.::top 10 point guards right now 1. cp3 2. kyrie 3. rose 4. westbrook 5. rondo 6. parker 7. d wil 8. steph curry 9. jrue holiday 10. lawson
coontang1117::Yes, you are truly horrible at list making. And you have herpes
djowens1992::right now? Rose isnt playing
97ernie::your list isn't bad you just got them in the wrong place.
jf20219::Ill bet Raymond Felton is 11
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::Worse then mine.. LMAO
UTRAssassins::THIS is the worst list of the day
jf20219::terrible
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::Jrue Holiday LMAO and no D. Williams
BootyLoaf.::d wil?
TFUID Part 12::LOL this could be the worst list I've seen all day.
Big Hoss 6969::You laugh at other peoples lists and you put Irving as #2? LOL
FrankPisFACTio211::YogaBeer ha Well that makes two of us. KingGeorge53 ===================== Ahhh!! What up, brother?!
YogaBeer::Well KingGeorge got banned for stating "DWade is the best Heat player".   That was a couple years ago.
FrankPisFACTio211::That's lame. These grotesque mods are always banning the wrong dudes.  Kyrie is one of the few former Dukies I actually like.
YogaBeer::hahaha    Someone shot my other dog all to hell.
TFUID Part 12::IMO: 1. CP3 2. Rondo 3. Westbrook 4. Rose 5. Parker 6. Curry 7. Irving 8. Lillard 9. Holiday 10. Lawson 11. Williams 12. Wall
bigalz72::I dont care for westbrook sometimes but i would still take him over rondo.
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::Lawson owned Lillard every game this year.. so i'd start there
UTRAssassins::worst list of the day
BootyLoaf.::LOL
TFUID Part 12::I thought it was pretty good. Otherwise I would not have posted it.
BootyLoaf.::I don't even think id have to say
TFUID Part 12::Tell me what you'd change.
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::Ok lets try this again, my top 10. 1. CP3  Rondo, Parker, Irving, Rose, Curry, Williams, Westbrook,  Lawson, Wall &amp; Lillard  But right now if I had to start a Franchise i'd take  CP3, but  Irving, Wall or Lillard would get consideration cause of their upside.
BootyLoaf.::you know nothing
BootyLoaf.::haha what it do. man these people who know nothing of kyrie kill me
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::Eat a dick booty
YogaBeer::Hey Booty.   What's up?
James Harden 3 point Celebration::Thunder: best in the west....that sums everything up for now
Hollerationatory::The best at being in second place.
Bevonator69::Here comes the Spurs trolls...
James Harden 3 point Celebration::i summed it up for them so they can save it
UTRAssassins::i hate people who post the same comment two times in a row
Not Chris Moses::Me too!
UTRAssassins::i hate people who post the same comment two times in a row
Not Chris Moses::Me too!
FrankPisFACTio211::I love Rondo, but people need to stop overrating him. He pads his assists on a nightly-basis, and his defense is VASTLY overrated. His on-ball defense was TRASH this year. He's NOT an elite defender at the PG position, FACT.
FrankPisFACTio211::I'm confused...
YogaBeer::ha     Well that makes two of us.   KingGeorge53
FrankPisFACTio211::Who is this? UK? And yes, Avatar is GARBAGE.
YogaBeer::George from a different time.   King to be exact.
YogaBeer::Is this really you Frank?    We haven't talked in such a long, long time.  I know how to tell....  You love the movie where they are all blue.
BootyLoaf.::TFUID Part 12 - Top NBA Point Guards: 1. CP3 2. Rondo 3. Westbrook 4. Rose 5. Parker 6. Curry 7. Irving  this guy knows NOTHING about basketball
