rag63top::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uingys9urgs&amp;feature=related
doctorholt69::end of 3rd period: DET 100  CLE 50 that says it all
jmelancon13::Looking for sum highlights of this blowout
Phylidia Featherbottom::"That's one of the worst games we've played in a long, long time."-Byron Scott  One of the worst games? When were the others?
Sco0to::LOL LOOK AT LEBRON NOW GOOD LUCK GETTING A RING WITH MIAMI IDIOT
rkini1::Lebron's Fault.
fishinpal11::I still remember when the Cavs didnt want to help out Lebron and refused to give up JJ Hickson in any trade deal because of his "potential"...well not now JJ is gone and so is Lebron along with any hopes of winning...
yorklinks3::dwight is only staying with the magic cuz otis smith said if he didn't opt in they'd trade him to the lakers... lakers could of had cp3 and dwight... imagine that  http://bustasports.com/?p=1137
cdro225::Alright Cavs We need to make our tanking a little less obvious.
StowAlexESPN::~ The CAVS are going to the PLAYOFFS !  They're sitting in section 214
313titans::It was a great game by the pistons. BK7 was lights out, he had a really nice cross-over step back and drilled a fade away three.
49ERSPISTONS::I love the....'Irving sat out due to a "SHOULDER PROBLEM"......LMFAO!!!!.....Tanking and a form of cheating to IMPROVE chances at a better draft pick at its BEST!!! A art form Cavs.lol
StowAlexESPN::~cHarlottes get that wrapped up
jfreeland88::he didnt say top pick, he said better pick
Hierosonik7::As a Cavs fan, this is terrible and completely embarrassing. This performance was absolute garbage. If I were Cleveland, I'd only resign Thomas and Irving. Cut Jamison immediately. NOW, like RIGHT NOW. You guys are despicable, plain awful. If you're going to lose this badly, just don't even show up.
jcmakesallthingsgood::I found a betting system a few months back called Sportsbettingstar. Since following this system I have made over $3,000  a month for 2 months straight now. I found this system on the 1st page of Google by searching the words "sports betting system". Thought I would post this for anyone that is not winning or struggling to win your sports bets
Bynum Leads The League In 3 pt attempts::BWAHAHA
CheerstoLilWayne::Cavs fans making excuses LOL!!!
your_a_scam::THE LAME TEAMS AHAHAHHAA
mattryanmiller::i can't believe there aren't any highlights anywhere on this blowout... i dislike both teams but i love ball... need to see this game somewhere. disappointed
313titans::It was actually a game filled with a lot of highlights, Great dunks and cross-overs.
isaac.stone::Wait a second.....Cleveland still has a basketball team???? I thought they made a decision to move to Miami last year????
Hands Off Hobo Joe::Detroit still has a city? I thought they made a decision to shut down the factories, board up the houses, and move the F out of that hell hole last year.
I_Am_Snozzberries v10.0::Cleveland has room to talk? LOOOOLLLL
Kobelies247::UMADBRO? LOL
Detrocity::The Pistons have taken some positive steps this year and should be looking at the playoffs next year if the right moves are made ... enjoy your ping pong balls Cleveland (and your Indians ta boot) !!!
maleckej::cavs need mroe than a high draft pick to help them out.  outside of irvin there is no talent on this team.  None, not even A.V.  so yeah look forward to at least 3 more years of routing for you pingpong balls.
78bears::what makes you say that A.V.  has no talent?
yorklinks2::van gundy was talking about how dwight wants him fired, and dwight comes and gives him a hug.... most awkward thing ever haha  http://bustasports.com/?p=1137 SO happy cavs aren't this disfunctional
imsorry777::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKLAzyWiC4
i liked this comment::at least the cavs closed the gap in the 4th quarter...................hehehe
DwightSchrute23::Damnnnnnnnn
RockChalk_89::Tank much?
hamptonrr1::jamison should be cut...
etripp216::Considering I don't even know some of our players on the cavs anymore and that there tanking for the highest pick I'm not that upset getting embarressed by the garbage pistons.
the Orlando Calrissians::who cares that the Pistons destroyed us...they arent even gonna make the playoffs....the cavs are playing a bunch of d leaguers
the Orlando Calrissians::Its all about the draft pick baby! the cavs are moving on up!
trademarktaz::Dan Gilbert curse
Tim Chodzin::Ping pong balls!
spong3bobrox::I am okay with Cavs losing on purpose but did they really have to lose that bad????
99chris1997::with all the injuries you cant expect much and i guess its good cause it gives us a excuse to lose so we can get beal and hopefully royce white and a big man
78bears::to be compeltly honest if jamison shot 0-10 and he is our best offensive weapon how did we expect too score more than 77 points really its not tanking when your whole team is eithe rinjured played a terrible game or just not a good player...that being said we are kinda in battletanks mode
spong3bobrox::Cavs sunk this game on purpose after discovering that those 5 Kentucky players were entering the draft.
sa330206::Gee doesn't play anymore?  Why?
sa330206::Yeah but it says DNP: Coach Decision.  So he didn't even play a minute.
99chris1997::he needs to come off the bench again and draft a SF
The Soda Popinski::Really?
spong3bobrox::Right, we lost to the Lakers last season 112-57. That was a fucking embarassment.
KingGeorge53::You've never seen a score like this?   You must be an ankle biter.
cajunriptide::Looks like that champioship the owner promised will have to wait a while longer.
KingGeorge53::You guys talking about Miami again?   They've not one either.
St.Rasputin.of.NE.Ohio::Or maybe he knew that LeBron took the curse with him with his talents.
NUPE_NUPE_NUPE_NUPE::Sounds like the Cavs are trying to get another good draft pick.
99chris1997::i would like beal and royce white and then maybe the C out of vandy in the second round
NUPE_NUPE_NUPE_NUPE::I'd go after Zeller. A 7ft who runs, rebounds, blocked shots &amp; plays defense. Plus a short jump-shot with Kyrie would be great.
KingGeorge53::Tristan has amazing athletic ability in jumping high for blocks, but he also needs to gain some strength during the off season.   I love TT and glad we have him, but he has to work on that short jumper and improving his overall O game.  That C from Vandy for the most part, physically moves people.   He owned some of the top rated Cs coming out in this draft.
NUPE_NUPE_NUPE_NUPE::That's what Tristan is there for.
KingGeorge53::I like Zeller as well.   However, Ohio U, whom didn't have a player over 6'8"  pretty much pushed him around in the tourney this year.    For a big guy, he doesn't seem to have the post strength.
trademarktaz::Don't sleep on Jeremy Lamb, he'll probably be better than Beal in the long run.
trademarktaz::Seriously, Lamb will be sick. I'm speaking neutrally as a basketball fan. Beal will be a better scorer but if Cleveland is trying to build a contending team, they should take the best defensive piece. You also won't find a SG with Lamb's measurements for awhile.
KingGeorge53::I think that's a fan reaction.    Maybe a fan of one team or one player for what ever reason.   However, when looking at various scouts and scouting values each player has in various categories, you'll find them fairly equal in value.  so then you gotta think where the team's biggest need/s are.    Cavs have so many, they could use a SG, SF and a C.
trademarktaz::He's going to be very good on defense, part of the reason he's ranked so high. His 3 point shot will be NBA ready too.
NUPE_NUPE_NUPE_NUPE::I think Lamb is overrated for a 5th pick.
KingGeorge53::Can't and won't argue with that.     Cavs would/should be better with Lamb as well.    I've done a lot of reading and watching videos for this draft and I don't think either player could go wrong.
KingGeorge53::I think a good quality pick with our LA 1st rounder would be Ezeli (sp), C from Vandy.
NUPE_NUPE_NUPE_NUPE::Who would yall draft with the 5th pick?
randyf10::he wont be
KingGeorge53::If the ping pong balls fall at 5 for the Cavaliers, I'd hope Beal would be sitting there.
KingGeorge53::fine with me.    We Cavalier fans have been asking for this as well.  Don't like to see this kind of a lopsided game, but it happens with the amount of injuries and D League players on the roster.     Cavs will turn it around.   We always do.
ajkeence81::Always do?  Umm, ok.
Giggity.iggity::Damn, good to see Brandon Knight light it up!!  Also nice to see Detroit have a winning home record and play with pride at home; something the Cavs could learn from.
MansGame5313::I said it earlier Brandon Knight is cut out of the same mold as Derrick Rose i really expect him to do big things next year i look for him to average 18 pts and 7+ assists a game
KingGeorge53::Pistons are at least a year ahead of the rebuilding process.   I'd love to have Brandon Knight on our team with Kyrie.   IN fact, another guard from this past year's draft I'd like to have on our team is M Brooks from NJ Nets.
HunterF4444::I once knew a dude who lived in Detroit...yeah I used to know him
icuwoot::He probably just figured you were a buckeye fan and it'd take to long to explain the simplest things over and over so you'd understand and so he just found better people to hang out with.
ballhawk387::Too bad for the Pistons the season didn't start 24 games later.
BullsSoxHawks23::smh Cavs.....
Viktorae6784::It's possible for a team to produce 4 all-stars if they whine enough (Detroit)
trademarktaz::Every Piston who ever made an all star team was fully deserving.
icuwoot::No one ever said that.
icuwoot::Excuses, excuses. Cavs have had plenty of years to get a title. Still have 3 less than the Pistons, who got it done, regardless of what excuses you make up.
SIMPLE MINDED BOY4LIFE::.
spongebob101945::detroit only won in 04 cause shaq and kobe were fighting and mailed it in, the same way lebron quit on the cavs cause delonte was getting himself a spoonful of glorias lovin
Viktorae6784::Is it possible for LeBron and Durant to share the MVP?
heavencent35::HI Cavs fans.. do you remeber the days when you said ti me that Cavs has better players compare to the knicks not  consodering LBJ? Oh i checked ur Boxscore and ur leading scorer is Mike Harris? =) LOL
trademarktaz::Who's Mike Harris?
KingGeorge53::LOL
KingGeorge53::Actually, the Cavs were better than the Knicks.   W or W/O the quitter.    Knicks have improved since.   The Cavs are rebuilding.
spongebob101945::have fun being good enough to make the playoffs but not good enough to win a title heavencent lol
icuwoot::Or he could be a Cavs fan and not be good enough for the playoffs or to win a title.
BuckeyeheadKyle_828::our top 3 players are injured.
TimDuncangetting1forthethumb::Byron Scott sucks balls.
spongebob101945::Byron Scott sucks for lotto balls
Uncle_Rico24::Scott should've played Walton more, he could have brought them back and possibly won the game for them.
Friends Dont Let Friends go to ESPNW::I say this everyday. Also with Minnesota too except i change Walton for Darko
tarumpaw::thats the ocean you are shooting into antawn.
Lakers 1-2-3-Ring::Damn, nobody went to that game.
