Td4mvp3::the grizz are gonna get their @$$es handed to them tonight....true story
ForeverGrapeOKC::wrong board :)
Td4mvp3::spurs &gt; your team...fact!
- Garbage Man::Says the guy who calls a Touchdown an MVP candiate in basketball.... lol@thisguy
PenguinsPiratesSteelersPhxSuns::- Garbage Man - Why not say like "Tp4mvp3" for Tony parker "  smh... you ever heard of tim duncan?
- Garbage Man::Why not say like "Tp4mvp3" for Tony parker "
Td4mvp3::what an idiot
- Garbage Man::Amazing. Westbrook was 2 assists shy, 3 steals short, and 2 turnovers away from the first EVER quintuple-double!
TheJTram::I know the Thunder won and all but it's strange that Durant got outrebounded by Westbrook =l
- Garbage Man::The Thunder had a little lamb, little lamb, little lamb. The Thunder had a little lamb and sent his a$$ to the d-league
CaptainObvious20122012::Has there been a single OKC game this year where Durant took more shot attempts than Westbrook?
JAG145::David Stern has turned NBA into something no better than Pro Wrestling. Take back the NBA, and sign this petition to investigate him for fraud -- http://wh.gov/5kK1!
ThunderHornz::That was fun!
tillersouthpaw::Go to hoopshype.com  look at commercials. Obviously KD is way ahead of everybody else, but watch the Nike ones with KD's neighbor. It'll bring a smile to your face.
tillersouthpaw::59-40 over all other players
tillersouthpaw::If you haven't been to hoopshype.com thats like saying, " I know how to $hit, but I've never used toilet paper." You know how to do it, but you really have no clue.
tillersouthpaw::do you think sportsfan1014 is under the covers?
tillersouthpaw::There are 4 players that have less assists to turnovers than Russ and he is 5th in assists. None of them come even close to him in scoring. He is more complete at the position than most pg's will ever be. Too much skip bayless going on in these folks!
BlueSh1rt::Anybody who gives Bayless any respect, probably also believes in Bigfoot.  He is a talking monkey who will say anything to create a stir.
BlueSh1rt::sportsfan1014 - love the Thunder, but can't stand Mr. Brick  You are an idiot. Plain and simple.  You can't stand a PG that scores 23 with 13 rebs, 7 steals and 8 turnovers.  Ask yourself this question. Would the Thunder be better off without Westbrook?
tillersouthpaw::I'm already hunting the troll sportsfan1014, don't worry about it. He may be left-handed with an address 1014 or born on 10/14. Also he likes teams in the DC area. This shouldn't take long.
tillersouthpaw::When I find him, we are going to an OKC game.
BlueSh1rt::I will be the first to admit that Westbrook has his faults. 1-He shoots more than he should at times. 2-He turns the ball over too much. I don't know why he is such a polarizing player. Apparently you can only love or hate him.  I can't believe the game he turned in tonight. And still, so many people will have the stupidity to put him down. Apparently, only perfection could impress some people. Anybody want their guard to pull down 13 rebounds in a game? How about 7 steals? Is that good?  Rajon Rondo couldn't carry his jock strap. Chris Paul dreams that he is 6' 4". D Wade remembers when he was almost that athletic.   All Star? Hell yes!     I wouldn't trade Westbrook for any of your punk a$$ point guards.
tillersouthpaw::Rondo was pi$$ed (SURPRISE) he wasn't on the olympic team. Did Rondo ever look at himself and say, "It might be because your an a$$hole."
tillersouthpaw::1people want to talk about the turnovers. 3 of them were on steals when he was going so fast afterwards, he went out of bounds. That should be counted as something else. #hustlepunished
heyman110::Russell Westbrook was somewhat close to a quintuple double. That's impressive
tillersouthpaw::your boy jeremy lamb will be seeing serious minutes next year, or he'll be part of a big trade for post play. Nick only has a couple more yrs to teach AND play.
tillersouthpaw::Beyond impressive. Down right crazy! He is on a mission.
tillersouthpaw::Russell has to be better than 5th in the league in assists to turnovers, 6th in points and 2time all-star and USA world champion and USA olympic champion. I mean he is 24 years old. What's his problem!?
BlueSh1rt::I don't see how anyone could complain about his game tonight. I guess people think he has to be Jordan, or else he sucks.
tillersouthpaw::NO! He plays with Jordan, so he has to be Pippen. Thats all people know. LBJ won last year. Not because the Thunder couldn't hit the ocean and 2 of the Heat players had career best night. Where was Wade? The whole story got blown over because the OKC story is so much better.
BlueSh1rt::Yeah, that supermodel has a mole on her cheek. The nerve!
tillersouthpaw::But that other supermodel's mole is a 1/64 of an inch to the left. unacceptable.
sportsfan1014::love the Thunder, but can't stand Mr. Brick
BlueSh1rt::sportsfan1014 - love the Thunder, but can't stand Mr. Brick  You are an idiot. Plain and simple.
tillersouthpaw::Dont ever say you love the Thunder and bust on Russ. I'll find you.
BlueSh1rt::Westbrook can't please some people at all. Never will. $@% them. OKC will just keep winning and they will just keep hating.  Nobody is perfect. His positives FAR exceed his negatives.
tillersouthpaw::Is that the name of the Lakers girls now? The Westbricks.
tillersouthpaw::If your referring to the player who owns a brick company, then you don't love Kevin Durant.
sportsfan1014::lol, Westbrick ofcourse
tillersouthpaw::or Kobe?
tillersouthpaw::Acme?
nickbrown737::Westbrook put up big numbers but man why in the Hell does he shoot so much? 6-18 when you have KD who only takes 13 shots and makes 8.
tillersouthpaw::Still, I have to love it when a player has a career night and there is a hater who is gonna troll the board to comment. Why no love for your Suns?
tillersouthpaw::You obviously don't keep up with Thunder basketball if your asking that question? I'm pretty sure you don't have NBAtv either.
Gods illa::He's just quarterbacking
PlayaMade5::Wow......Monster game by Westbrook.
tillersouthpaw::You need foam. It'll make the monster comment even better.
ellisseven::Jazz fans, you see how good Enes can be? once he figures it out? oh geeez dude is so damn talented
Boogie Down ProductionS::Russ messed around and almost got a quintuple...
tillersouthpaw::Durant doesn't care about stats. He had his first triple double this year and only because he had to come back in the game when the score got close. In the last 3 yrs he has had 14 opportunities at 3-2's. He never wants to get something that isn't earned for the team first. He "may" never pass records, but his teamwork is second to none.
Gods illa::But he's still led the league in scoring 3rs years in a row..a league that a primed lebron James was in .. That's no fluke .. And he has one thing those players didnt have this early in their career, an elite pg
Jthizz69::Westbrook had some crazy stats in the good way (13 reb, 8 ast, 7 stl) and the plain ugly (6-18 shooting, 8 turnovers). Dude is a ball hog, needs to realize he has the 3-peat scoring champion on his team.
tillersouthpaw::I agree though, Russell has to be better than 5th in the league in assists to turnovers, 6th in points and 2time all-star and USA world champion and USA olympic champion. I mean he is 24 years old. What's his problem!?
tillersouthpaw::I have to love it when a player has a career night and there is a hater who is gonna troll the board to comment.
Gods illa::We need him to play the way he does minus the turnovers .. He is no "ball hog"  He calm down soom
Mr. Bradford::Some INSANE-O Jazz stats for this one: The Jazz attempted 17 more 2's, 14 more 3's, had fewer turnovers and 21 offensive rebounds (second chances). And lose by 12.   Why they lost: no shot quality and they allowed 21 more attempts from the line then they had (only 13 more went in). Allow 13 more from the line and lose by 12.... allow 33 attempts... discipline much!?
tillersouthpaw::they were outscored in the paint by 20
jefarr::Has there ever been a player that has averaged 10 rpg and shot 90% from the FT line?
gt1master_ike::Mike Gminski
tillersouthpaw::He got his ear pierced in 1990 when the 76ers made a bet that if they won 10 in a row, they would all get ear piercings. they won 12
tillersouthpaw::Wow! NBAtv just said that this was the 1st time anyone has ever had a stat line like this! Crazy!
eafowler13::Have you noticed in every recap video they confuse Sefolosha for Martin
tillersouthpaw::At the beginning of the season, I was doing that when watching. Those two could be twins.
thunderguy80::Wait a few months till Martin and Thabeet really gel with the rest if the team...can u say Thunder fans pack ur bags 4 another Finals trip... (and hopefully a ring)...
tillersouthpaw::My brother-in-law lives in Miami. We've already scheduled the vacation.
thunderguy80::Nice...this time it's OKC turn to return the favor to Miami with a 4*1 win
tillersouthpaw::Now I know why the Jazz fans miss the Jazz-Sonics matchup. They actually had a chance.
catchingfire_21::this made me laugh
bwp2bruce::"I'm not anybody's "Pippen"!" -R. Westbrick
tillersouthpaw::or better yet. They could call the Lakers, "Kobe and the westbricks."
tillersouthpaw::who's westbrick? surely not that player from your favorite teams list.
tillersouthpaw::People always want to talk about Westbrooks assists. He is 5th in the NBA this year, but that's not my point. The Thunder have always talked hockey assists (basically assiting to the assistor) as the stat they want to increase the most. Westbrook has led the NBA 2 yrs running in hockey assists. He shares the ball.
Maschil::he's 5th this year... finally.
tillersouthpaw::I know, right. 24 years old. He should have done that at 21
jembree44::Westbrook and KD are SUPERSTARS..... Harden is very good Player on a Sorry team ! ! !  Harden will fade away faster than the Mav's Championship team. While the THUNDER KEEP RISING ! ! !
tillersouthpaw::Don't hate on Harden. He plays for a team that has the lowest salary in the league...BY 10 MIL! They will get better. Business decision. Wish the Thunder's first ever draft pick all the best.
Watneys67::Any coach (Corbin) that allows a 41% shooter like Gordon Hayward to take 18 shots in a game deserves to be shown the door.
tillersouthpaw::The Thunder keep track of hockey assists as well. They must have sais westbrooks name 5 times with that. Dude was on...his...game!
tillersouthpaw::Wow! James Harden is gone. The real stars shine even brighter. Unbelievable night for Russ!
-FlyEaglesFly-::Russell Westbrook = The closest thing to a quintruple double!
loodakris5928::i didnt like his 8 turnovers!!!!
BlueSh1rt::Always something to $@%!$ about huh?
chuwaay::Right?! Lmao his line is so ridiculous.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::When Westbrook had the back to back steals for the lob to Perk to KD for the flush. At the 7:06 in the 4th. I knew no way Westbrook was letting the Jazz have this. When he is like that we just can't be stoped.
littleeagle1985::how about that serg iblocka almost getting a triple double himself in just 25 min of playing?
ButterCup80085::Kanter 18 pts 7 reb in 15 minutes. Over 55 points per 48 minutes tonight. The kid has so much talent at 20-years-old. If him and Favors can create some consistency watch out... That duo would be so much better than an undersized Millsap and Jefferson who couldn't guard the pnr to save his life.
Wombat1247::agreed
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::Agreed. I'd rather the Jazz trade them both and lose while Kanter and Favors develop than deal with Millsap and Jefferson's laziness.
mikeisildur::Yes, but the Jazz are apparently run by the public schoolteachers' union and playing time is dictated by some kind of tenure system.
FlyersFansRule::Wow, so close to the quad double :( P.S haters, CP3 and punkass rondo don't have lines like this.
Wombat1247::when healthy - Derrcik Rose should be in the discussion
TRSling::Unfortunately, he may never regain his explosiveness. I hope that he does because he is a lot of fun to watch. If he does regain it, I'd take him over Westbrook any day. So would anyone outside of OKC.
TRSling::D-Will and CP3 are superior point guards. Harden was better at running the offense than Westbrook. You seriously think Westbrook is the best point guard in the NBA? You can be a fan without being delusional.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Your a homer.
Rolltide4203::Yeah I personally would take wbrook over cp3. I know its just widely accepted that paul is. Paul could put up 2 ppg and 3 assists and people would still say hes the best.. He's great but he is not quite the best pg imo ofcourse
gt1master_ike::Paul is the best, most complete PG out there, can shoot from all areas of the court, score, pass, defend, does not turn the ball over as much as the other elite PGs. Only problem is lack of assertiveness at times during the 1st 3 quarters  when his team needs a bucket.  Consistently top 5  in PER and 1st among point guards while using much fewer possessions. I will take Paul over any PG if you give them all similar talent.
Rolltide4203::It is too early in the year to worry about shooting percentage bc that will change immensely.. But I believe u can just tell there are so many things wbrook has that d-will just doesnt and things he cant change
gt1master_ike::Like what?
mikeisildur::No but seriously which planet is Westbrook literally on?
Rolltide4203::I dont care about what hes shooting right now. wbrook is passing the ball better or equal to anyone not named rondo.
gt1master_ike::Chris Paul 9.6 APG(2nd in  league), 4.11 A/T (2nd in league)
Rolltide4203::I will put it this way.. If u were starting a team I would take westbrook by a mile.
Rolltide4203::That is a false perception. dwill rondo both turn it over more and I think by a good bit. wbrook was at 2.9 turnovers which is really low for a pg.. I think he may be at 3.1 which is probably slightly below average for a pg
Rolltide4203::what? Have u seen Dwill lately? Its not even remotely close in anyway. Wbrook is literally on a different planet
gt1master_ike::Deron is shooting 38 percent from the field, 25 percent from 3 but he still makes the Net's offense go and they are 11-4. 8.8 APG, 2.9 TPG.
mikeisildur::Which planet?
Rolltide4203::Rondo does have more lines like this than anyone but wbrook is a much better player. I'll take wbrook by miles as a scorer, 3 pt shooter, mid range shooter, ft shooter, finisher, close on rebounding, rondo as a passer but only bc thats what he tries to do.. as far as making good passes they are pretty even. Probably pretty even in steals, and just the speed and athleticism, explosiveness, and extreme upside and effort gives him a big edge imo
FlyersFansRule::Rondo comes close to stats like this more often then any other player correct, but it's not everyday someone is this close to a quad double. (quintuple if you count turnovers :p)
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::Again, depends on the system. The Jazz would do much better with Rondo than Westbrook. Gotta fit in the system.
mikeisildur::Sorry, I'd take CP3 or D-Will over either Westbrook or Rondo.  By a large margin.
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::I would too, but the Jazz won't get any of the 4... so fairly pointless.
gt1master_ike::CP3 before his knee injury had many lines like this. without the turnovers.
tillersouthpaw::A matter of fact, I've often had the conversation that CP3 is the reason OKC has a franchise. He was so much fun to watch, we showed up every night. But we have KD now and Russ is amazing.
tillersouthpaw::We know. He started his career in OKC after Hurricane Katrina. We love CP3.
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::They usually don't have 8 TOs either though. Take the good with the bad.
tillersouthpaw::most t.o's for russ this year. He was definately playing harder to make up for that line.
FlyersFansRule::+- is all that matters at the end of the day. He isn't the best PG in the league, CP3 is i know, but this was a quite impressive line, and i hate Rondo, and CP3 isn't someone I've every rooted for.
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::Not brooding over anything. Westbrook is a solid player. Factually, he does turn the ball over a lot.
FlyersFansRule::In case you are wondering, Westbrook was +27, and won the game. if you want to brood over his turnovers go ahead.
Chargers_4_Sale::When things go wrong blame the ref. It's what all fans result the loss too.
Chargers_4_Sale::I'll live.
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::Until you die
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::You would know as a Chargers fan right? 4th and 29? "They stopped him 3 inches short!!! Refs screwed them!!!" 4TH AND 29!!!!!
littleeagle1985::rice looked like he was past the first down marker to me
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::That's not a sentence, so I won't directly reply.
Chargers_4_Sale::How me selling the Chargers make me a Charger fan?
littleeagle1985::if thats the case then i blame the refs for us losing the finals.
Darkflame07::Although they lost I'm proud of the jazz. They started strong which has been a big problem lately and they didn't mail it in when thy got down by 16. The thunder were just too much with Westbrook and Durant. Kanter had a great game against really good defensive bigs which is encouraging, I really think he will be a stud in a couple of years. Good game OKC, please win the west and beat Miami. I'm so sick of the spurs, lakers, heat and celtics.....
minky420::well said darkflame! Jazz will be ok!!!
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::That, and the lack of defensive effort from Jefferson, again.
mikeisildur::OKC all is forgiven as long as you teabag the Lakers in all of your games against them this year.
Wombat1247::Go for anyone against the lakers  Would you pay over 100 million for that team plus tax!   I would not
ForeverGrapeOKC::Consider it done....starting next week :)
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::I think we can all get on board with that.
mikeisildur::best 7-8 team money can buy
ForeverGrapeOKC::The people saying we should trade Westbrook for Rondo are the same people that would say we have no shot at the Finals if the deal happened
minky420::I cried when Sloan quit!!!!!!!!!!
Wombat1247::me too Pick up David in a year or two!
littleeagle1985::ill cry if we trade westbrook
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::I cried when Stockton retired.
rockhunter45::Wow ... Westbrook was 3 steals, 2 rebs and 2 turnovers short of a quintuple double lol
rockhunter45::I guess t-a-r-d is a curse word according to espn (facepalm)
mikeisildur::$@%! hell $@%! damn $@%!$@ downs %!$@% !$@   just seeing what it blocks
ForeverGrapeOKC::hater alert
ForeverGrapeOKC::my bad. I get too defensive about this team
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::Take it easy Grape. He was just being a silly goose.
rockhunter45::Imma OKC fan ya $@%! lol
Rolltide4203::I realize wbrook didnt shoot great and had a lot of turnovers but damn 23 pts, 13 rebs, 8 assists, 7 stls.. only needed 2 more assists and 3 more steals for a quadruple double
danglehossa22::This is so sick. Over misses by a point. Suns foul with 2 seconds left to blow the spread. Unreal
danglehossa22::Im killing college basketball right now. Im like plus 6 units on the night, but these still hurt
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::That's why they call it a "gamble."
dvanrooy4565::OH man the Thunder are really missing James Harden now HA stupid analyst
Jazzgoob::Best player on the Thunder? Is it Durant? Westbrook? Nope the refs.
TRSling::No one in their right mind would take Westbrook over Durant. It isn't even close.
capnchuc::The Thunder did take 3 times as many freethrows, and the Jazz did attack the basket...
rockhunter45::That is the difference between hackers and skilled shot blockers
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::No they didn't. Had Hot Rod been the commentator he would have said "jack knife" 10 times because of Millsap alone.
mikeisildur::Pretty sure actual Jazz fans don't name themselves "Jazzgoob"
ForeverGrapeOKC::SMH
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::Leave. Don't make Jazz fans look stupid.
baller1016::Good hard fought game, Utah. Good luck to you guys with the rest of your season. Continue to make our division look stronger and I look forward to our next meeting
Wombat1247::Thanks - the Northwest is the toughest division and most teams are classed as small town markets! Makes some other divisions look very sick
Phiasco2::Classy, that's rare, good for you.
baller1016::Being an a$$? That's pretty common, good for you
