Heritage Champion::Kyrie Irving &gt; CP3
Pusherman3::Thought the Clips were deep?
sokal-surf::They are ... in trouble...
Steve91406::Why do Lakers fans like to live in the past?  - Clipper fans  Well, because we attack where it hurts, you fools, clipper fans don't have a past. What are they gonna say? Dwelling in a dark cave for 30 years &gt; 16 titles? Lmao
Steve91406::Clippers is like the ugliest girl in school for years who finally got a plastic surgery, and think she is all pretty and shiet, but now the fake nose is about to fall off.
Ustna9::So that would make the Lakers the pretty girl in school that is now very old, but still dresses and pretends that she is hot while others laugh at her?
sokal-surf::Close.  The Lakers are more like a young Charlize Theron moving out of her prime and turns into Helen Mirren...  Meanwhile, the Clippers were Don Knotts in drag and haven't changed very much...
MinniWolves90::SPIZURS Easy victory for the Wiz in this one   Wiz 100  Slips 91 2 fans like this.  February 4 2013, 3:05 PM Like Reply Quote FlagTell Your Friends  -- Wow, this dude almost called it
Marvo6564::cp3 in all honesty shouldnt even be in a clippers uniform....serves you right for cheatin
Marvo6564::hahahaha not much to say now  clips fan eh? SHUT IT DOWN
j2the4thpow3r::I be trollin' - GO DUBS!!!!!!!!
Ustna9::who?
Norma21275::Go Wizards!!!!!!!!      http://WizardsVsClippers.qr.net/gettowork
ChrisLA2010::If CP3 could stay healthy, i'd give that man the MVP no questions asked.... look at the Clips without him, now look at them with him on the floor.... bam, conversation over. LBJ is good and all, but that MIA team is good without him.... this Clipper team slips into nothingness when CP3 is not on the floor.
RCMaroon24::#httw
GregJones242BOS::they need some players back...http://tinyurl.com/hilariousgifs24 enjoy
Mitmobile::Can anybody stop the Wizards?
Dstewa::after watching last night's game, i just became a bigger fan of Martell Webster's game. when he came up out of breath after banging knees with Caron Butler, he fought through it and stayed in the game to hit several more 3's. random but i was impressed. GO WIZARDS
MinniWolves90::He's one of my favorite players. Really miss him being on the Wolves.
16Lakers18::CP3 missing soo many games; wonder what is really going on with his left knee?
mpdalry1::Same thing as every year.  Only hes older and knee has more miles. Especially the way he plays
chewbacca1245::Folding like a cheap suit
kevinj1264::People it's the Clippers what did you expect a perfect season?    They are cursed like the Cubs, they will always be cursed they will never win a championship.    Next year you will be singing the same song about how close they came, and the year after that and the year after that.    Never bet the Clippers to win a championship ever.
Roy3667::Clippers need CPG and Griffin Jamal and DeAndre are good but not even good enough to beat the Wizards
YoHongWhatUp::I guess C3PO is still out, and Hellboy phoned it in too.
YoHongWhatUp::Yo, duh Wiz.
Ivanov21::Clippers are simply too dependent on CP3 and Vinny Del Negro has not been able to adapt his line-up or the playing style to the situation. Teams like SA &amp; Chicago still found a way to win games even without Duncan and Manu in their line-up.
Norma21275::Go WIZARDS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!     http://WizardsHighlights.qr.net/gettowork
Beanslams46::KG needs another anthony peeler "crunch bar".
Beanslams46::Blake griffin gave himself a time out.
kobepac24::The fact that the Clippers exist let's you know god has a sense of humor.
malcom1985::I feel bad for the Clippers. They got a glimpse of what it could be like to be a winning team for the first time in the history of the franchise, but then reality sets in.
melvin887::My Wizards to good
melvin887::Yea we just need to learn how beat bad teams
Rudy_rush20::I can dig it
Keith Closs::i dont know about too good, but they have some damn good wins at home.  okc, clipps, bulls, atlanta
john_bridges::Heat!
airicad::I'm not feeling the KG trade either: so KG would start for DeAndre?  Or come off the bench for Blake?  I can understand putting him in for late game situations, but other than that, I feel like it'd be a huge waste.  Plus, I've grown to really like Tuff Juice and Mini LeBron.
Keith Closs::i just dont want any moves to be done, trying to do too much to fast.  kinda like u said, i wanna see this team 100% together in april
airicad::No, I don't think DJ won't be traded because no one would want his huge contract... it seems like it's Bledsoe and Butler that are possibly on the block right now.  Can't bear to see this team break up.  Even if the playoffs haven't rolled around yet, this is kind of like my dream team.
Keith Closs::i dont think i would wanna do any trade right now.  just reading that DJ to be traded is making me squeemish
airicad::DJ really does present a problem because of his huge contract and the fact that he's still developing.  They want him on the floor to get better, and KG will obviously hinder that.  I can see where the trading Butler thing is coming from though, because Barnes and Hill already completely our depth at the SF position.
Keith Closs::exactly. no reason to press that button.  I too do  caron being key.  sometimes though i feel he only hits in the first quarter and then goes silent.  but if for some reason we can get KG without giving up too much. he will help in the post season.  clipps big have basically 0 post moves and depend on the fast break to get their points.  only against the lower tier teams they do ok on the boards.  DJs lack of scoring is something i wouldnt mind replacing.  KG would be nice in that particular aspect. but to get KG.  it will hurt other parts of the game with what we will give up
airicad::IMO, Butler is more important than many people think he is.  He's the guy who always shows up when we're down.  E-Bled is a rising star... I don't want to give him up for old legs.  KG with maybe 2 years left in him and playing 20 MPG is not attractive to me at all.  Maybe I don't know what's best for the team (the so-called "championship caliber" that he brings), but I too would like to see the Clippers at full strength.  This trade seems like pressing the panic button when we don't need to.
Keith Closs::i shook my head when i  heard about this yesterday.  i understand trying to make moves to make the team stronger but  i want to see this team all healthy and functioning.  that win streak was without chauncey and g hill so im excited to see if it can get better and carry into the playoffs (yeah yeah haters gonna talk trash about the "weak" teams in the streak shaddup)
Rudy_rush20::Spurs are deep!!!! While resting players, monitoring minute and injuries like a mother fuc ker. 10 straight, best record in the NBA.
Keith Closs::whats the status of Duncan?
Rudy_rush20::Still day to day. I'm guessing pops is gonna rest him for most the trip. They just recall Baynes from his two game stint with the toros.
airicad::Popovich is amazing.  Team has not even suffered the least bit without Duncan and Ginobili, at least in regular season games.   Against a fully healthy OKC or Clips team in the playoffs, though, it might be a different story.
Bballblake32::All i want for valentines is the firing of VDN
Bballblake32::The players dont like playing for him even from last year
Bballblake32::Jerry sloan
Keith Closs::so WHO will come in?  cant just say fire someone without a logical answer to get someone else hired
Bballblake32::Hes not coaching us to any victories. Its cp that wins games for us. He leads us on the court
Keith Closs::and who, at this point of the season wil come in to make things drastically better?  firing VDN right now would be just as bad as making that move to try and acquire KG
Keith Closs::theres a part of me that is hoping VDN and the organization is being extra cautious with all their players that are not 100% and holding off on their return longer that probably neccessary, being able to ride their good record while taking Ls during this time with different line ups.  Clipps bench getting good minutes in starting/different roles and we are seeing what they got (or dont got like we have been seeing) while cp3 and chauncey are out.  like the lakers fans have been arguing all year with thier team, it is a marathon and not a sprint to the finish.
airicad::I just don't want to get 5th seed... Denver and GSW with homecourt advantage would be absolutely brutal, even if we end up winning the series.
Worldwide Leader in Sports::<b>LAL &gt; LAC</b>
Keith Closs::since blake was a last minute scratch, offensive and defensive sets mostlikely were not worked on without him teamwise. and to give the wiz credit, its not like they play down to good teams.  they did beat okc, chicago, atl at home
I3UTTON::lol Clippers haven't exactly been a "good" team lately. losing 3 straight to eastern conference teams (Raptors, Rondo-less Celtics, now Wizards). and they're 2-7 in the last 9.  pathetic loss tonight. Wizards didn't even have Bradley Beal.
airicad::Hah, smack us while we're down and nursing injuries.  Didn't see much of you when LAC was on their win streak, did we?  Anyways, good job with your recent wins: Pistons, Wolves, and a moral victory in Phoenix.
I3UTTON::not a fan of either team, but you should still beat the Wizards with injuries, c'mon now. even the Wizards had injuries lol
airicad::Didn't realize that DJ got 22 rebounds.  Well, kudos to him.  A bright spot in a tough loss.  Crawford's 28 was great too but he didn't control the game towards the end of the game in the way that I would have liked (Bledsoe too).  That's not his thing.  I like Crawford better when he's feeding off of Blake and Chris.    Oh well, I sound really depressed right now.  That's not true.  I'm actually optimistic because I see the guys are working on things with the increased minutes they're getting so that they'll be even stronger when the whole crew is back.
IBRANK::Wow,  just watched part of this game and lost respect for the NBA.  No team play.  No defense.  Great individual play, I think bucause there was no D.  A lot of jogging up and down the court.  Very sad to see basketball played like that.
IBRANK::I love basketball.  The NBA is not basketball.  And yes I did stop watching.
airicad::Who in particular for the Wizards?
Keith Closs::if u dont like it, stop watching
IBRANK::Why did everyone on both teams jog and play no team D?
airicad::It's called we're without our two (three) floor leaders.
airicad::I actually want Chauncey, Chris, and Blake to rest up fully before they return.  We know how good we can be with them so it's all about the playoffs, not the regular season, this year.   Home-court advantage would be nice though... wouldn't want to get 5th seed and have to play road games against the Nuggets or Warriors.
airicad::Maybe not a lottery team, but we are around a .500 team without Paul and probably still a fringe playoff team in the East.  Griffin, Crawford, Bledsoe, Jordan, Butler, Barnes, etc. is still more talent than many teams can boast.  Without Paul AND Griffin, like we played with today, we are probably a lottery team.  Most teams aren't good without their two best players (plus Billups), unless it's an extremely well-coached team like Chicago or San Antonio.
airicad::I've always been on the fire Vinny bandwagon.  Even when everyone was healthy and this team was steamrolling through the NBA.  He's one of the worst coaches in the NBA, and when we're losing like right now it becomes even more evident.  It's also evident in the playoffs against a guy like Greg Popovich.
gt1master_ike::I think the deep bench and Chris Paul masked VInny's flaws. Everyone thought he was ok because they were winning. But after winning 3 straight without Paul, they have won 2 of 8 since then. Vinny is getting exposed again.  This team should be much better than they have showed.
gt1master_ike::Exactly. Any chance the CLippers get, they should look to upgrade at coach. I think CP3 won't say much because he doesn't want to be known as a coach killer like D Will but deep down he wishes he played for a better coach.
LaurasFiance::Hey everyone, I know that most people are on here talking sports, but was wondering if any of you had 30 seconds to get on Facebook and like a picture for my cousin Melissa. She has a chance to win free braces if she gets the most "likes". It would really be great if you could "LIKE" her photo. Here is the URL. I promise it's not a VIRUS--just a regular Facebook picture that needs to be "LIKED". http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=433008746766277&amp;set=a.433008670099618.93317.353502451383574&amp;type=1&amp;theater
Beanslams46::These clipper threads are as dead as their fanbase.
Bballblake32::Or your sexlife
TresMilagro::Let the doubters and conspirators come forth. lol Idiots. Sure, they've having a bad stretch, so what? So has OKC, Miami, and all the lesser teams. So what? They start winning again, so what? Idiots.
TresMilagro::That makes no sense at all, like your other posts. Please delete your account and go back to school.
Beanslams46::You and billy crystal might have one thing in common, but leave the comedy to him.
Beanslams46::Clippers have nothing to fall back on but losing. "Come forth"?....lol
Beanslams46::The clippers have lost 7 of their last 9 games. Griffin is only injured mentally and only wants to distance himself from a team the league has finally decided to abandon.
fairandbalanced00::....That goes for all you barking that in the Eatern Conference is pretty much a cakewalk for visiting western powerhouse teams....Look at the clippers struggling in the East!!....
TresMilagro::Oh, GAWD! shut the hell up about the Fakers. They're pathetic and WAY worse than the Clippers could EVER even imagine beging.
Beanslams46::You don't see the trend, do you. The clippers' only goal for the past several decades has been to be ahead of the Lakers, and taking advantage of the Lakers slow start is all the clippers are interested in this season. Enjoy the temporary lead as your team chernobyls.
Beanslams46::The clippers are no barometer for the west. They have no championship pedigree. Meanwhile the Lakers will continue their surge into the playoffs and will be prepared to knock out their first opponent.
Beanslams46::The only delusional fans on this thread are clipper fans. Griffin has no desire to face this mess alone, why should you?
fairandbalanced00::Delusional comment dude, beating some scrub teams and now they're ready to knock off a first round top 3 playoff team...Again, DELUSIONAL!
kobe better den lebron n jordan comb9ed::nugs finish at the 3 seed. lakergang sneaks into 6 seed.
TresMilagro::How's this, who gives a sh.it about the Lakers? And NO they aren't going anywhere, not even going to make playoffs.
Beanslams46::How is that? You fail miserably, but mostly for being a clipper fan boy.
Delonte East::The clippers have fallen back to earth
choate_sedition::If John Wall learns to shoot, he will become a top 3 PG
I3UTTON::so without Rondo would the Celtics have taken the Heat to 7 games last season in the ECF? and would they have nearly won game 7 of the 2010 Finals? (or even gotten that far?)
gt1master_ike::Rondo averaged about 22 PPG in that series. The Celtics offense was a lot more dangerous with him looking to score and not just pass. He wasn't one dimensional.
I3UTTON::bottom line, regular season isn't nearly as important as the playoffs. you can't argue that. no one gave Lebron any respect until he showed up in the postseason last year. the playoffs are what separates the men from the boys. and as I said, Rondo has shown up in the playoffs on many occasions.
gt1master_ike::Well getting HFA doesn't guarantee you win but it helps. Unless there is a specific matchup you are trying to avoid while  playing a lower seed in the early round. If you an elite team, you will eventually play  a good team in the conference finals. And I would guess the SPurs  preferred having potential  4 home games over 3.
I3UTTON::I never said the regular season doesn't matter. I said the playoffs are when it really matters. great players elevate their games in the playoffs. and look at what happened to the Spurs the past 2 seasons as the number 1 seed...
gt1master_ike::So regular season does not matter? Maybe if Rondo played in the regular season like he did in the playoffs, the Celtics would get a higher seed and have better  chances at success.  If that game 7 was in Boston, who knows what happens?
I3UTTON::maybe because the playoffs are when it really matters... and Rondo has taken his team to deep playoff runs on multiple occasions. so to say the Celtics are better off without Rondo in any fashion is a completely moronic statement.
gt1master_ike::Earlier, I said the celtics offense would be more dangerous if he looked to score and not just pass. He can obviously score when he chooses to shoot but he doesn't do that. At least not until the playoffs. So why does he wait till the playoffs to start shooting more? He shoots a high FG% when he does shoot which means he can obviously get quality shots that he can make?
I3UTTON::there you go. so you agree that Rondo is capable of scoring. earlier you argued that he can't score. way to contradict yourself.
lakerfan293092::they played 3 bad teams.
WADEisSOFT::Clippers are back!!!!
Clipper Ian::Sooo, after reading through a few hundred of these comments, this season ticket holding, fan blog running (FullyClips.com), Clipper fan-since-1984, Danny Manning jersey owning freak has observed the following common threads...  1. The Clippers have lost to the Wizards, proving they suck, are overrated, are the "same old Clippers," are cursed, etc. The Thunder, who just lost to Cleveland and got beat by these very same Wizards when playing at FULL STRENGTH (and Heat, for that matter) do not "suck."  2. The Lakers have lots of championships, so we Clippers fans don't have a right to say anything positive about our team. We have to win 16 banners or whatever to brag about so when we do badly we can bust that one out as an excuse or tangent to deflect from our very real team deficiencies.  3. The Spurs (who haven't been to a finals for 7 seasons) are the best team in the NBA and Popovich is the greatest coach and they are going to win it all this year - just like they did last year with their NBA best record. Oh, wait...  4. The Clippers bench, because it has been praised and is so deep, should beat full strength starting NBA lineups. Eric Bledsoe shouldn't be cut any slack for only being in his 2nd year. Wow.  5. Lamar Odom should've stayed in Dallas, retired, etc.  6. The loss of three all-star starters is no excuse for losing on the road to a team that beat the two NBA finalists at full strength (see point #1).  OK, I'll guess I'll just start hating the Clippers now because they may not win the NBA title and follow the lead of my Laker fan friends. Sounds so fun.
TresMilagro::You're spending way too much time on this. Shut it down and just go watch the games. Gesh! This little bump in the road will pass. Clips are still good and that's that. And I'm a Celtics fan.
Johnny.Hopkins::At least your Niners won..............
stressone19::Lol. You sat here and read hundreds of comments? Ur a loser dude. Get a life.
Dave Knows Best::If Washington played top 5 teams every game, they'd never lose!
I3UTTON::if scoring is so important for a point guard, why is Jason Kidd considered one of the best point guards of all time?
dmerk81::I think you are wrong about James.  Last season doesn't count.
gt1master_ike::And in those years they carried their teams, both players were one of the top 2 scorers on the teams which means they weren't just passing. Which brings me to the point I have been saying all along.  They were doing both which made their teams more dangerous. Like you said, their teams were as good when they weren't in their primes so if they didn't score, their teams probably would have struggled. This is basic common sense.   Basically if you have an elite PG in his prime surrounded by other great players, lets say the 08 Celtics, even then he would not be primarily passing. Pierce, KG and Allen could get their own shots.  They don't need a PG who is just passing all the time like other teams might.  They can just play team ball with ball movement.   So Rondo would not be dominating the ball and getting assists like he does now.
I3UTTON::do you think Steve Nash won 2 MVP's just because he averaged 18 points a game and shot 3 pointers well? No, it's because he averaged 11 plus assists a game and made everyone around him better. which is the primary job of a point guard.
I3UTTON::I am not arguing that  Kidd and Rondo don't score. I am arguing that the most important aspect of their game is passing the ball. Tony Parker is not a score-first point guard either. He also is an elite ball distributor, which is the most important aspect of his game as well. If he was score-first, he wouldn't be a point guard in the first place, which is my original point.
gt1master_ike::But I  am talking about elite ball distributor purely who look to pass first and rarely score. If you can score and pass , that works. See Tony PArker. Lebron was also avergaing 30 PPG last year in the playoffs. Your 2 boys Kidd and Rondo were also scorers on the teams they took to the finals.
I3UTTON::actually every championship team needs a ball distributor, idk where you get that idea. teams full of pure "shot creators" that don't distribute don't win championships.  ever heard of Lebron James? arguably the best ball distributor in the game at the moment. I could be wrong but I'm pretty sure he won a championship last season..
gt1master_ike::ANd I am saying on a championship team, an elite PG who is just distributing is not needed be because the players are likely to be able to create their own shots and you just run a team oriented offense. Not a PG dominated one with one guy controlling everything. I am still waiting for you to tell me where that style of PG has won a title  other than Magic Johnson who is an anomaly.
I3UTTON::ok whether the Celtics "needed" Rondo in his prime in '08 is a completely different argument. obviously they didn't "need" him if they won the championship. but you can make the case they would have been an even better team with Rondo in his prime distributing the ball more efficiently.
I3UTTON::of course they scored which helped, but that wasn't the most important aspect of their game. Rondo and Kidd both average double digits in assists year in and year out meaning they make the team around them better. because as I said originally, the number one job of a point guard is to pass and distribute the ball. because then other guys on the team score more points.
gt1master_ike::How many elite point guards have won rings playing Kidd's style? Billups, Parker were point guards who could score and pass. Their team's offense didn't depend on them creating everything. Boston won in 08 when Rondo was still developing so that does not count.
I3UTTON::I'll take unselfish pass-first players like Kidd and Rondo over score-first ball hog point guards like Allen Iverson any day of the week.
I3UTTON::it's irrelevant who the Celtics did or didn't beat before Miami. the fact that they nearly beat the eventual champs is impressive enough. and it doesn't matter what conference Kidd played in, he played on a sucky team that made it to the Finals, period.  And again, if Kendrick Perkins doesn't tear his ACL in game 6 of the 2010 Finals, we're probably not even having this conversation about Rondo right now.  As for Kidd, name one team he was ever on that was good enough around him to go to a championship. Kidd elevated teams wherever he went. he made sucky teams into playoff teams/contenders. and even at 40 years old, he still played a key role on a championship team. you can't take anything away from that.
gt1master_ike::Kidd took the Nets to the finals in the weak East. The reall finals from 00-03 were the WCF. Both the winner and loser would have beaten the Sixers, Pacers and Nets.   Rondo took an average Celtic team and nearly beat the Heat. That is impressive. Beating the SIxers and  Atlanta is not. That is a product of a weak East where only the HEat are true contenders with Rose hurt.
I3UTTON::my point is they were not "primary" contributors on their championship teams only because they were not in the prime of their careers at that point.  Kidd and Rondo were unlucky because the teams around them weren't very good when they WERE in the prime of their careers. it's just a matter of bad timing.  and as I pointed out, they've both had instances where they made their teams overachieve in the playoffs because they carried them there.
gt1master_ike::If they were elite, their roles would be different than they were that year. Its common senase. And you don't know how the team would have adjusted. ANd you have no point. These are roles that could have been played by anyone. The Mavs and Celtics did NOT DEPEND ON THOSE GUYS like you think.  The 4th best player on a team is important but is much less important than the top guys. Rondo and Kidd both had many playoffs games their teams won without them doing much. So stop acting like they were primary contributors.  Those roles could have been filled especially in Rondo's case.
I3UTTON::also you have to look at it more than just rings. Jason Kidd took an awful New Jersey Nets team to the NBA Finals in '03, only to get beat down by the Spurs because Kidd was the only good player on that team.  Rondo turned an average Celtics team into a borderline championship contender last season as they took the Heat to 7 games in the ECF.
I3UTTON::the only reason they were "role" players is because Rondo was at the beginning of his career in '08, and Kidd was well past his prime in '11. it was just a matter of timing. Had Rondo been more experienced in '08, or had Kidd been younger and in his prime in '11, you wouldn't be calling those guys "role" players and you would have no argument.  the fact that those players were able to play key roles on championship teams without being in their prime actually shows how great they are. that helps prove my point even further.
gt1master_ike::That was my original point. Elite point guards who play like that do not win rings. As those guys are usually the best or 2nd best players on their teams and have a bigger role to play on those teams. There was a reason Kidd and Rondo were role players on those teams. They simply weren't close to the best player and THEIR TEAMS did not depend on them.   There were better players on the teams who were more responsible for the team success KG, Allen, Pierce Chandler, Dirk, Terry.
I3UTTON::and if you really think those players didn't play vital roles during those championship runs, you obviously didn't watch those finals. Kidd is what made that Mavs offense flow, and he made plenty of clutch shots during that postseason run.   Rondo was still the starting point guard on that team, whether you want to debate if he was "elite" at the time or not. he was still a key contributor to that championship team.
I3UTTON::lol your argument makes no sense. so you're saying if Kidd and Rondo would have been in elite form during those championship runs, their team wouldn't have won the championship?   lmao ok guy...
gt1master_ike::So let me go further. Point guards who play like Kidd AND are the 1st or 2nd best player on their teams don't win titles. Rondo was the 4th best player on the Celtics , played about 27 minutes per game in the finals. That is a role player. Kidd and Rondo were role players on title teams, not elite guards.
I3UTTON::the only reason Stockton didn't win a title is because Jordan made a miraculous play in the '98 Finals. that was completely out of Stockton's control...
I3UTTON::Jason Kidd won a title... Rajon Rondo also won a title
gt1master_ike::Look up.  My original point was that point guards who play like Jason Kidd don't win titles. I never said Stockton wasn't a great player.
I3UTTON::maybe because the team around him other than Malone wasn't that great.... I'm not talking about the Utah Jazz as a team. I'm talking about John Stockton as an individual player. Quit changing the argument. the point is he's a hall of fame point guard who didn't need to score to be great.
gt1master_ike::I said for most of the 90s. He finally broke through at the end but where was his teams from 90-97. His team finished 1st or 2nd in the conference 4 times in that span yet failed to even make the finals.
I3UTTON::Stockton is still a hall of famer and one of the greatest players ever.... as is Karl Malone......as is Charles Barkley. you can't diminish how good they were based on being victims of the Jordan era... you're just getting desperate for an argument now
I3UTTON::wow really? do you even know who Michael Jordan is? he's the reason plenty of great players never won titles.  you should know that since you're such an "expert" on basketball...
gt1master_ike::Stockton won ZERO titles and his teams underachieved in the playoffs for most of the 90s despite finishing 1st-3rd in the conference nearly every year. If Bynum was 100% instead of 70%, the lakers win in 5 or 6 games. See how dumb what ifs sound?
I3UTTON::and Rondo nearly won another ring in 2010. had Kendrick Perkins not gotten hurt in game 6, the Celtics would have won that game 7 more than likely.  that's 1 ring and 2 finals appearances (nearly 2 rings) in the past 5 years. that's pretty damn good for Rondo running the show. not to mention they took the eventual champion Heat to 7 games last season in the ECF
I3UTTON::John Stockton only averaged 13 points a game in his career as well
I3UTTON::so let's see based on 4 games, I guess that's a big enough sample size to conclude the Celtics are better off with Rondo. especially when 3 of those wins came against Orlando, Sacramento, and a Clippers team that's playing like total garbage....  the stupidity on this board is just unreal LOL
