14Spencer::My man Jason Maxiell with 19 and 12.  Big time.
Drosemvpx2::I heard I  smoove wants a trade by deadline
Drosemvpx2::Meant j smoove
Fendretti4::Josh Smith sucks...when this guy shoots the most, this team will lose 90% of the time
eightbitme::Stats matter most to the losing team.  They can be used to figure out wtf went wrong.  :-)
J-SMOOVE2030::ACCORDING TO SOURCES, THE HAWKS ARE GOING TO RENT DWIGHT HOWARD.  HAWKS GET: DWIGHT HOWARD, HEDO TURKOGLU  MAGIC GET: JEFF TEAGUE, JOE JOHNSON, AL HORFORD, 2 1ST RD PICKS
J-SMOOVE2030::http://rumorsandrants.com/2012/03/nba-trade-rumors-dwight-howard-headed-home-to-atlanta.html
onzoownsyou::pistons are only 4 out of the 8th seed
aftern9ne::Joe Johnson comes back and the Hawks lose despite holding the Pistons to 86.   There is some sort of connection to be made here...
WoodwardAvenueDetroit::Pistons are taking steps in the right direction. Good to see.
ATLienZone2::the hawks lose by a point and my Vols get screwed what a $@%! night
LebronsSonn::hey gerardo
LebronsSonn::whats up man how come no one is talking
GerardoE303::the game is over
GerardoE303::lol as.s
LebronsSonn::hey you guys
HateBrass::Detroit has a great young core with Brandon Knight, Greg Monroe, Jonas Jerebko, Jason Maxiel (reserve) and Rodney Stuckey.  I say the player the Pistons really need in the draft is the guy I have said for two years.  YANCY GATES!  This guy has the size to control the paint, has the offensive skills down low and can rebound and defend. All this guy needs is a personal trainer to work on his stamina and he will be a force in the NBA. Joe Dumars are you listening?
Cav408::In other underachieving news the Kings are owning the Mavs
J-SMOOVE2030::to gamblers:  dont ever bet on the hawks
Ultras South::Hawks in two very accurate words? Inconsistent. Underachievers.
Cav408::Pistons on a roll lol
richardduckworth::sucks to lose a game because you shoot 69% from the stripe. ouch
richardduckworth::lemme guess, hawks lost to the pistons because the refs love miami and give them FT or something
RickyWolfio::Props to Detroit. Wolves Fan
bob_ran4::nice name haha
IMA_BOSS_UGHHHH::ROFL HAWKS SUCK
GBM04::I dont understand the Hawks.
jaykeia::You are not along
dlions663::Nice win by the pistons! Two wins in a row aginst good team's. The Lakers and Hawks.
THA TRUTH 365::SMITH AND MARVIN TO ORLANDO FOR HOWARD.
THA TRUTH 365::SMITH IS GONNA END UP IN JERSEY WITH HOWARD.
blystone90::This can't be serious.
THA TRUTH 365::SMITH AND JOHNSON CAN'T PLAY TOGETHER.
falseprophet2012::Celtics are catching up on the Hawks, JSmoove must be in panic mode.
wflannigan::Detroit found a way to win having 20 turnovers or Atlanta just did not want to win
marcus-s2981::Getting all happy until the pistons lose 10 in a row then you all will be on here bashing the whole organization like you were doing a few weeks ago.
wflannigan::I am a Pistons fan for better or for worse, but you make a great point my dude
marcus-s2981::not trying to troll and start crap, im a fan of the game first and foremost and the pistons have a great franchise with plenty of tradition, to me its good for the nba to see teams like the pistons do well...i hope they turn it around.
CheerstoLilWayne::Marcus, i see where you're coming from now. I agree that now that the Pistons are doing better there's a few more fans on the board and if the Pistons went on a losing streak, they'd probably go away again. Not me, i've been here for years (since 2000 actually)
marcus-s2981::true but some of these fans are fickle.....one minute theyre down with their team, the next i see these people talking about selling the team and disowning them...not saying its you all at all just something to see how people jump on and off their team...im a spurs fan by the way and yes id be mad if they lost ten in a row but ive always rode with the spurs even before the titles when they couldnt get past utah or houston in the west...
wflannigan::Marcus if they loose 10 in a row any fan will be mad, even you
CheerstoLilWayne::They won't lose 10 in a row. They were 4-20 because of injuries to stuckey, gordon, and Prince. Not to mention trying to learn a new system from a new Head Coach in a GREATLY shortened period of time due to the lock-out.
jaykeia::Teague...0 points?Are you serious!Just when I thought our PG problems where fixed...smh
MansGame5313::I say give Lawrence Frank some props i thought it was a bad hire but he been coaching the hell out of this team
CheerstoLilWayne::I knew he would. He's a good coach. He went 0-16 in New Jersey because they traded and gave away all the talent except for Brook Lopez to make room for Lebron in 2010...which didn't work. Remember, he started out 13-0 with the Nets.
jaykeia::Just a role call for the Hawk fans that Hate Joe Johnson and want to see him leave.LIKE if you want to see him leave...COMMENT if you want him to stay(Keep in mind the stupid contract that comes with him)
brattboy99::The offense dies when he gets the ball. He is a poor man's Carmelo
fredshaw4367::true dat
jaykeia::So 18 points is acceptable for a guy on a 6 year/$120 million contract?$20 million a year?Durant and Lebron don't even make as much as he does
fredshaw4367::yeah, especially his 1st game back, but still atlanta is overpaying him
CheerstoLilWayne::yeah, look at peyton manning...one year without him and they go from contenders to the worst team in the league. Look at Cleveland without Lebron. Where would the Thunder be without Durant?? What about the Pats without Brady or the Bulls without Michael? When you have the stars you have to pay them or else you're going to suck every year.
jaykeia::Look what's going on with Peyton Manning!
jaykeia::You are not making sense!Every GM in the league knows not to over pay for players.That's why a lot of guys become free agents these days!They are not dumb enough to over pay.How is over paying ever good?That hurts your salary cap and prevents the other contract you can sign
CheerstoLilWayne::and that's why you'll never be a GM. It's no longer about "It's an honor to play for this team" Calvin Johnson is going to be a top 5 receiver all time and if you don't pay him as one then you don't deserve to win as a team.
jaykeia::No they shouldn't...WR is a position that has plenty of talent to its disposal.Calvin Johnson is a helluva athelete but if he doesn't respect the Lions enough to work out a feasible deal so they wouldn't over pay for him then no they shouldn't!
CheerstoLilWayne::So should the Lions not overpay for Calvin Johnson...the best WR in the NFL...and go back to going 2-14 every year because they don't want to pay the money even though they just got done finally reaching the playoffs for the first time in YEARS?
jaykeia::I believe in the first part but the second not soo much.You never over pay for your own players...you shouldn't have to!You should under pay for your players in my opionion and if he wanted to go oh well!That's like buying you girlfriend a car after she threatens to see other people
CheerstoLilWayne::Sure he's overpayed...but at the time of his contract, he was playing VERY well. Plus sometimes you need to overpay to keep your players.
CheerstoLilWayne::Detroit fan here but i don't see what the hate is about. He got 18 points on 50% shooting...that's pretty good. Plus add in a few rebounds, assists, and steals (with only 1 turnover), he did pretty well.
fredshaw4367::hes wayy to overpayed! and shows no emotion
fredshaw4367::vick was amazing in Atl. then he started sucking in Philly
fredshaw4367::a fresh team??? really
SportsFan8916::Um... Eagles&gt; Falcons   Did falcons get to the Superbowl with Vick?  Not sayin Vick took the eagles there but eagles have a fresh team their defense was just soft in the beginning but the last games they got it together..Eagles will be a threat this season..not sure i can say that about the Falcons and Matty ice..matter of fact why wont you atlanta fans start a base trying to get Peyton to the falcons
aftern9ne::Eagles got to the Superbowl by BEATING Vick.
brattboy99::Eagles&gt;Falcons? Are we talking NFL? Keep hoping and wishing on the Michael Vick project while the rest of the league laughs at you. Oh, and you're wasting an amazing running back in the meantime.
Demonjoe93::Eagles suck
SportsFan8916::dislike button
fredshaw4367::hawks are beast haters gonna hate
tajs mahall::at least your not the knicks  atlanta  wat a joke
Anti-Heatster::with horford, the hawks are a 4 or 5 seed in the East.
drewg1984::Maybe 3
atlhawks27::well good night to all the trolls and real hawks fans on to the next one
jaykeia::That "we'll get em next time" attitude is for pee wee sports.This is the big leagues and every game matters!Win today not tomorrow!
aftern9ne::Newsflash: Nobody here is a Hawks player.
Ruediculous::Another win!
Calinative760::Heat and Bulls are goig to sweep..  I want the playoffs to be exciting...
bob_ran4::I'm loving this Pistons team and the style they play. They're starting to remind me a lot of the 2002-2008 teams with solid D and unselfish play and it will be really fun watching them get better.  2nd straight win over a playoff team
CheerstoLilWayne::10-6 in the last 16 games. And have you noticed how it's not just one player? Opponents don't know who's going to step up and most of the time it's 2-3 guys who are stepping up. I'm not sayng this team will make the playoffs but do they remind you of any other team? *cough* 2004 *cough*
bob_ran4::they actually remind me of every team from the Chauncey Billups era.
Calinative760::I don't want to watch the Hawks in the playoffs.  I want it to be entertaining.
DETROIT BABY26::PLAYOFF CHOCKERS PLAYOFF CHOCKERS PLAYOFF CHOCKERS  LMAO
DETROIT BABY26::WHO THE HELL IS TALKING ABOUT THE EAGLES IDIOTS BY THE WAY THEY ARE GOING ALL THE WAY THIS YEAR YOU HAVE NO ROOM 2 TALK FALCONS ARE PLAYOFF CHOKERS SO GET OUTTA HERE!
Demonjoe93::DREAM TEAM DREAM TEAM DREAM TEAM!  LMAO
atlhawks27::and why you trolling any way its just one lost
atlhawks27::stop likeing your own comments
atlhawks27::its all right hawks it just wasnt are day the pistons won no excuses
drewg1984::LOL, Jason Maxiell featured in the Top Players panel on all the scores for tonight
atlhawks27::well the only bad teams the hawks lost to was suns and pistons so im not mad on to the next game
SportsFan8916::Suns aren't a bad team they have better veterans than Hawks so get your stuff together bro..Nash and Hill? Yea they have aged but I guarantee u Hawks would lose in a 7 game series vs them    And with what you said that means every other team in the league is good basically which is complete bull  24 games did not come to Miami alone bro
SportsFan8916::Phoenix isnt bad bro..
drewg1984::You crazy. I live in Phoenix and the Suns are weak. Only good players are Nash and Gortat.
jaykeia::You believe in this team?Are you serious?As a Hawks fan it is a wrap for this season...please make some trades that would actually benefict the team in the future!
SportsFan8916::Nice to see realistic fans
drewg1984::I actually think your team is pretty good, once you get Horford back you're a top 4 team in the East.
J-SMOOVE2030::suns arent really a bad team.  the pistons blow.
drewg1984::Pistons will probably have a better record than the Suns by the end of the month.
CheerstoLilWayne::10-6 in the last 16 games...Pistons aren't bad...you'd know that if you looked at more than just a team's record. They started out 4-20 due to injuries and a new Coaching staff and system.
drewg1984::Yes they are
tajs mahall::im feeling detroit in the lottery davis monroe stuckey knight would be nice  plus i dont think the bobcats gon win it
CheerstoLilWayne::well, we need to start losing again to make that happen lol.
CheerstoLilWayne::no i mean that we're 10-6 and are losing lottery balls quickly... right now we're slotted for the 6th or 7th pick...not a good chance to get Davis.
tajs mahall::not really the nba sees what detroit used to be  add a great player "potentially" the arena will packed again.
J-SMOOVE2030::bad teams play well at home.  always has been the case.
CheerstoLilWayne::Pistons are 10-6 in the last 16 games...not just home games.
drewg1984::It's a decent stat, but not really one to flaunt around to everyone.
Heidi01794::exactly
SportsFan8916::And good teams beat bad teams
CheerstoLilWayne::Pistons are looking good! after a 4-20 start due to injuries and a new coach and system...they've gotten healthy and gelled to go 10-6! Good job guys!
SportsFan8916::Hawks=Magic= Horrible $@%!$@ Management  sorry folks  management needs to be gutted then start with trades
Heidi01794::pistons are up and coming a couple solid draft picks were back in the thick of things were young and on the rise!
atlhawks27::all yall can troll all yall want
