carolinafan976::after the mkg injury , i have no hope that the bobcats are going to win another game
Daniel Nelson31::The Rockets flat out run, I witnessed me looking down to eat my dinner and when i looked up they already had 19 points.   Telling Harden not to run and pass is like telling Magic Johnson not to play.
suzyscooter::"Only 42 more triple doubles to catch me"  - Fat Lever
myespn007::Lin is the best!! WOOO GO LIN!!
vermincain2::Houston should amnesty that fraud Jeremy Lin...What a waste of money!!!
myespn007::cry more, noob. You're just jealous.
all_r_pedusers::Unleashing harden in the 4th is the way to go...lin just needs to get us to that pt within striking distance...
HoustonSports27::If the Rox were to trade anybody it would have to be Marcus Morris...just too inconsistent
kingkingston69::people expecting Lin to produce his "linsanity" scoring stats are crazy, it isn't going to happen, but he still can produce all round numbers and he is doing that, so he doesn't score as much as he did in new york, it doesn't matter, he is only in his second year of starting.
Daniel Nelson31::wait until lin starts making Nashty passes
Mott the Hoop::Agreed! He has his ups and downs, just like a vast majority of NBA players. NBA season is a grind.
kingkingston69::Espn with a stupid line on Harden, "Harden came in averaging 26 points, but only 5.4 assists and 4.4 rebounds" ....................for a shooting guard that is great
fred3857::He shouldn't make more assts which stealed from JLin's.
TXtarheel44::BTW..."ROX" is just plain damn stupid
Rockets_not_a_serious_contender::kidd gilcrest got killed
cityhunter4::Lin has 9 points, every other starter has at least 19 points.  This tells you how passive and timid Lin is with being a scorer.  He is done, he's best role is PG off the bench, not playing as starter.
Mott the Hoop::No, he got unloaded because he is a free agent at the end of the year. Three way trade, chess pieces. All business.
fred3857::A real Christian or a Taiwanese often shine others by burn himself down.
Mott the Hoop::Look at the body of work over time. It is not Lin loving. Instead of being fixated on Lin, check out a Jose Calderon, 11 points and 7 assists, pretty much Lin's stats this year. He is not criticized.   You guys are so short sighted, looking at one game. Who cares, they won. Rip on him and team if they lose to a losing team like Charlotte.  Agree he needs to continue to improve and he is not a superstar PG. But so what?
kingkingston69::remy 88 - Calderon also just got unloaded on another team in a trade because he wasn't earning his salary.  95 percent of the NBA don't earn their salary
remy 88::Calderon also just got unloaded on another team in a trade because he wasn't earning his salary.
cityhunter4::oh, 5 assists in first six minutes, and let's ignore the rest of the 30 minutes he's in the game right?  Typical Lin-lovers blinded-praise.  So let's all but ignore Lin turned the ball over 3 times in the 4th quarter to help the Cats pulled off a run that almost killed the Rox.  Or the fact that Lin is a non-factor for most of the game after the first six minutes.  I just love the fact that Lin-lover's love for Lin that is so blind that they would ignore anything that proves Lin's an average player at best.
TXtarheel44::cityhunter I can tell you have never REALLY played the game of basketball and I will leave it at that!
Mott the Hoop::Give Lin a break. Nobody wanted him gone one game ago when we led the team with 22 points. He set the tone with 6 assists in the first quarter. Who would replace him as a starter, Douglas or Beverly? I don't think so.
cityhunter4::I'll give Lin a break when gives the Rox a break with consistent good play.  So 6 assists in first quarter, that only proves how bad he is for the rest of the game.  Since when do we like a player that only shows up for one quarter and then stinks it up for the rest of the game?  Lin-lovers are so obnoxiously ignorant.
chrisausten1203::Did you watch the game? He had five assists within the first six minutes of the game. It always amazes me that some people are so eager to see this kid fail or to bash him. There are a lot of other starting PGs whose stats are not as good as his, and did you go to all the other boards to tell their fans that their starting PGs do no deserve the job?
bobbydagreat::"The Rockets had a close game with NBA's worst-performing team. Harden's 11 assists explain the Rockets' uninspiring performance: When Harden's assisting too much, that tells you he's playing the PG role again and sidelining Lin. It's a boring tale. Lin should be traded to a team that lets him play as the PG. The Rockets coaching staff is wasting Lin's talent."  You didn't watch the game, the reason it was as close as it was is because they were playing guys from the back of the bench to give them some time. I get you are just another Lin fan, but stop crying about the Rockets' best player, it's not Harden's fault that Lin isn't what he was for a handful of games last year.
fred3857::Lin,you can't be better than Harden. Don't score and asst too much and just let Harden more chance to get a triple.  ------McHale
bobbydagreat::LOL what's sad is that people actually think that.
Lilrob10201713::Lin is trash that is why Harden does not let him play his role.
Lance Armstrong is from Texas::queer
JLinNASA::Remember, Rox were not even expected to make it to the Playoffs, so they are ahead of schedule.
JLinNASA::We need the Beard to lead us.
thefirethistime::I think you have him confused with Russell Westbrook Lol the best player on the team, sometimes has to do that...beard is the best player we have.
Denzel7587::The Rockets need the beard to score, not to monopolize the plays and usurp the PG role. The beard is an excellent player, but he overdoes things, undermining the value of others in the team.
bobbydagreat::I wonder who you are talking about.....
JLinNASA::Lin is developing.  He will be fine.  Go Rox!
Denzel7587::The Rockets had a close game with NBA's worst-performing team. Harden's 11 assists explain the Rockets'  uninspiring performance: When Harden's assisting too much, that tells you he's playing the PG role again and sidelining Lin. It's a boring tale. Lin should be traded to a team that lets him play as the PG. The Rockets coaching staff is wasting Lin's talent.
vonsteve6868::I wish the Lin haters and Lin worshippers could just shut up for two minutes. Neither of you are real basketball fans.
I am posting this::If Roger Goodell was commissioner of the NBA, players would be wearing helmets after tonight's game. (MKG Concussion)
lakerz rock::Harden and Lin are both shooting &lt; FG 44% on the season and averaging 3+ turnovers/game.  If they ever learn to shoot and control the ball, the Rockets would be awesome.
flankton::So whose going to win the championship?  The spurs, the heat, or the thunder.  the suspense is killing me...
imperviouz::rox dude
Bulls Bears Cubs::impossible, dude.... I love the rockets, I will be happy if they just make the playoff.
MontanaAggie1964::Good to win this trap game.  Onward to the Warriors, Heat and Blazers.
remy 88::Lin fan idiots not on here tonight crying about how Harden and McHale conspire to make Lin suck. Two recent games when the Rockets won with Lin benched the majority of the fourth quarter will quiet down the morons.
dasun47::Remy, there you are. You are one stupid hater.
Dawan208::And he has a deep obsession for Jeremy Lin and he's not even a rocket fan!
Jason_Morten::Yes coach McHell.
WOOPZZZ::that doesnt make up all the games rockets lost when they benched lin in the 4th.
remy 88::I don't think he makes any impact on the court or sitting on the bench, period. Especially late in games.
The Random Dude35::Hope MKG is gonna be okay.
Malor::how much longer is michael going to keep up this disaster--his team is one of the worst in the nba in 20 years
m_gunners::Patterson was The Man today......he saved Rockets from an humiliating situation!
ToughesttBoro::The Lakers are coming for your playoff spot Rockets.
A.J._1::cool story bro. lakers suck
legend_jr27::Not likely.
Aaron4123::Bobcats are the new Clippers
rockus_2008::Lin is the player of the board.  He has an incredible game.
remy 88::Lin is a scrub.
dasun47::Remy, you are such an idiot.
RZA_CONSOLE::ok MJ, time to get on the batphone and dial up Lebron
The_Great_Red_Flash::The Great Hardeni strikes again :D
je ballew::Congratulation to all of the Rocket players who contributed to a team win.  Mchale did a good job of coaching tonight.  The game was fun to watch.  No reason to name stars or hate on anyone.
Destruct0id::You didn't watch the game at all, did you?
NewcastleFanVL::Forget about Harden's triple double, let's just talk about Lin !  - LOFs &amp; LOHs
Laker Fans Disappear After Losses::kill yourself virgin
BXwarriorBX::you guys already know what harden can do in the playoffs
SF_Bay_Henri::Lin plays League of Legends
Laker Fans Disappear After Losses::yet no one acknowledges hardens triple double
JLinNASA::Congrats Harden on first triple double.  It did take te last minute of the game to do it.  But it was accomplished.
BXwarriorBX::lin shooting 28% from 3pt range is racist according to rocket fans
KeriTheCreoleTexan::Lin fans
wrongcolor::Harden on his worst night score in double digit, Lin should do the same. Nobody ask that he score 20 or thirty.  Average PG scores in the single digit. Jlin knows this.  If u look at his earlier games,  he tries to score in the double digit in the first half , then cools down. This time, he tries to surge in the second half. Bad strategy.
BXwarriorBX::a pg who cant hit a open 3 wont last long in the nba
Bulls Bears Cubs::Anybody taking a open 3, is more likely to miss than making the shot.  Do you even know what you are talking about, BX?  You expect 7 out of 10 taking open 3s?
cfylong::Shakes head, rolls eyes at OP, sad man.
alin004::Tony Parker and Derrick Rose shot 25% for 3's the first few YEARS of their careers....
SF_Bay_Henri::Rubio and Lin YEAH
SF_Bay_Henri::Rondo Jump Shot &gt; Lin Jump Shot
dasun47::Smell of Dog's a z z = SF_Bay_Henri
NewcastleFanVL::Here we go, talk about Lin, love or hate, on and on.......lol
DerekB0616::Rockets next 8 games: GS,@Mia,Portland,@Sac,@GS,@LAC,OKC,@BKN. Dang, I thought January was the brutal part of their schedule, cant be having quarters like they did in the third and expect to beat these teams....
18Deets::Check this website out right now http://tv.yahoo.com/news/meet-the-starting-players-of-puppy-bowl-ix--video--022902465.html
NewcastleFanVL::I can imagine without Lin, this is a dead a.ss board.
Bulls Bears Cubs::That I agree, he does have a huge fan base.  A lot of people love to see him succeed than fail.
JLinNASA::Like it r not, Lin brings a huge fan base.  He is developing.  I will be cheering for him.
dasun47::Not to mention a bad team
HoustonRoxkets::lol true
Easygoer8964::Nice win for the Rockets!  Was a must win!  Hope Michael Kidd-Gilchrist will be alright and it's not too serious!  He will be one of the greats of all time I got a good feeling!  The boy can ball.
tklung::Hobo parsons, stone hands asik, and apple turnover Lin got us the early lead in the first half and 2pak, eurostep harden, and rebounding asik finished the game for us.
18Deets::Here's my thing if u tell me ur real names  and I will tell u my real name  http://sportsnation.espn.go.com/fans/18Deets/mailboxes/inbox/conversations/10529106
18Deets::Well what are ur real names if u do so I will tell everyone here my real name ok
BXwarriorBX::http://bleacherreport.com/articles/1415739-worst-starting-pg-in-the-nba  lin made the list not surprised^^^^^^^^
Bulls Bears Cubs::BX, you idiot, this report was written back in November!!!  Hello, wake up!!  That was only few games into the season when Lin had a bad start.  This is February, half way into the season.  Go find a report that dated more recently and then bash Lin.  Why dont u go find  one that dated Feb or March that say JLin is one of the best PG in NBA while you are at it?
cfylong::ROFL, that's back in November!  Check out Kobe back in November 96--worst 1st round choice ever!
remy 88::except Lin isn't a rookie
HoustonRoxkets::Racist
remy 88::LOF probably think the bleacher report is racist
BXwarriorBX::RACIST? nba stats racist? haha I had enough
alin004::Lin is a point guard, Tony Douglas is a midget shooting guard. Why put Lin in the corner and make Tony play crappy PG?  It's so obvious to just flip the roles.  Why not do it? BC it would make Jeremy look good.  Tony Parker and Derrick Rose were TERRIBLE shooters their first several years.  Their coaches didn't make them into shooting guards planted at the 3-pt corner. Only m.orons like Bubba Gump Sampson and McHale think it's a good idea to put your starting PG on the 3-pt corner when it's not his strength
wrongcolor::Lin wanted to score in the last minute, but Harden didnt want to pass to him.  Lin never learn with his unselfish attitude.  Lin 's stat is getting kill today.
Swish3And1::Shut up, he tried a 3 and missed!!!
wrongcolor::TD took more shot than him.  TD doesnt gives a $@%! what people think.
Gr0923::40% shooting is alright man...
remy 88::Lin took as many shots as Harden. He just can't score.
walle D_ D::he can score on driving plays, needs to drive and kick out, will give him space for mid range jumpers.
