doomshades::I knew Crawford is currently Boston's best facilitator. He has shown those capabilities in Washington when Wall was injured. If Brad Stevens can continue to instill gameplay maturity on these young Celtics then they won't take long to rebuild.
The Most Interesting Man in the World::Beautiful game.  Celts won every quarter.  Crawford was the MAN.  Wallace brought the hustle and D.  Bigs ran the floor, everyone played unselfish, 7 scored in double figures.  The Magic aren't world beaters but they were handled easily.  Lovin' it...
Commenter::Great Win. New found team New found momentum!
Patrat::I'm a fantasy player who was ready to pick up Faverani, now  he's vanished.  He was doing so well, what did he do wrong, anybody know?  Hard to believe he went into the doghouse that quick.
Jack Rowland::Maybe Stevens does know what he is doing. Moving Bradley to shooting guard where he can do his best thing, cutting to the basket, and Crawford to the point guard position where he is at his best was great!! Now play Faverani at center and move Olynyk to Bass's spot then use Sullinger and Kris Humphries and the defense, rebounding and blocked shots will soar and our celts will be a decent  team. Go celtics!!!
Raphael::I think the Celts will have get rid of Rondo because he's not going to fit in with this group. They should trade him so they could get somebody like that Parsons dude from Houston or get Al Jefferson back. Get rid of Rondo's salary and go for Kevin Love!
Elle::Its called TEAM an the players are enjoying it. Don't write off the Celts yet.
julius::How about those Celtics
Stephenm::wow. what have we got here? certainly the Celts are not in contention for an NBA title, but at the same time they clearly are not going to accept the lowly expectations and desires of the fans that they tank and get a top lottery pick. i'm starting to feel differently. maybe we don't need all these lottery picks. maybe top 20 or so will be good enough. cause this Brad Stevens looks like the real deal. one of those guys who knows how to get the most out of his players. something Doc Rivers could never do. he always gave up on his bench and wore down the big three. it's looking like a great move by Ainge in signing Stevens and you have to feel that maybe the Celts will not be at the bottom of the heap as long as we all expected
Kelt::Four straight wins. What a strange way to spell "tanking".
