doof54::Yup.  The change of scenery has done Rudy some good. Hope he does well, and the Raps win out, except the game against the Grizz next week, of course.  - Grizzlies  Seriously, if you guys make the playoffs, the pick you have to give the Thunder will not be a lottery pick.   Go Raptors.
Matty_hans::Gay averaging 24 6 4 since being traded. Raptors are 3-2. I like it.
GreatnessQSmooth::The Raptors Needed Rudy Gay http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJUXMkYFiXo
jfoote1212::davis smh
Brice162::JL3 MVP
travisxj8::Anthony Davis is garbage
bornnevisian::Young Valanciunas is making his presence felt as well!!
bornnevisian::Loving the play of Lucas! Keep it up! You always bring quick, productive energy!
FoxKat93::As a Bulls fan, he can get very hot an cold. One game, he is on fire and the next you are begging for him to stop shooting. lmao.
jfranchiz::yup, he is like that in TO as well!
ElPlywood::He's a shoot first guy and if he doesn't shoot he drives crazily and leaves his feet, turning back up court, hoping to find someone to kick the ball back out too. He needs to settle the f down and run the offence. His shot should be way down the list of things to do on the court.
Not Not A Wolves Fan::game of the weak
pedrobear1::Well just seen Gay's cockback dunk. Glad to see he's playing well for you Rap fans
__SPURS21::C's are Losing!!! Just what the Raptors needed
Raptors_Heat_Bluejays::anthony davis is the biggest bust to be #1 NBA pick since kwame brown
ElPlywood::Bargnani isn't a bust. He's a ballon with a slow annoying leak.
arguy1975::Bargnani is not considered a bust. $hithead.
The Joe Johnson::Yes he is.
gri400::bargs
Masterofidiots::why is Davis a bust? because he's not putting up 20/10?
gri400::doesn't stop him from being a bust of a number one pick
Raptors_Heat_Bluejays::i like bargnani
patrickallen92::I think Cleveland has something crazy like 4 or 5 picks, havent checked where they are yet but if they have a mid or late first the raps should try to swipe it, plenty of mid first round players that can be productive role players. Maybe could pick up Myck Kabongo (becomes eligible this week)
Alex_TO::Fantasy Help: Keep Emeka Okafor or pick up someone else, like Lopez or Mcgee
Alex_TO::Well thanks for everyone's insight
Alex_TO::I'll see if Jonas can keep up the tempo and how Okafor does the next couple of games and base it on that
patrickallen92::mcgee gives you a good fg% but hes poor at the line. He only gets 20 min a game so his rebound totals are usually pretty sub par. Your going to get blocks. thats about all
AJE356::true Lopez has been hot in Feb at about 14 ppg while mcgee has 10 ppg; but i'd still say Mcgee
gri400::then i'd go with okafor as he's the most well rounded IMO
Alex_TO::Mcgee does produce the blocks and shooting percentage, he just needs to pick up the rebounds
gri400::really? that kinda surprises me, mcgee was my 2nd choice though, don't go with lopez
AJE356::come on just check out the PER on all the players; it's Mcgee
patrickallen92::depends on what you need. EMeka probably would be the most well rounded. MCgee doesnt play many minutes so its hard to get consistency from him
gri400::which lopez?
gri400::i'd be willing to take a chance on jonas, but i think okafor would be the safer choice IMO
Alex_TO::Also thinking about picking up Jonas
AJE356::Mcgee
Alex_TO::Robin
BoxingFanatic444::Hey guys I am back for 10 mins. Just wanted to say that probably over half my facebook friends are bandwagoning the jays now...Posting pics and implying that they were huge fans before the trades. It is sad.
gri400::sure a lot of people are going to be doing that
patrickallen92::man..its brutal. especially when bandwagon fans try to strike up a convo about them..just panful
slapshotcity123::Why bother? They're going to suck once again this year.
jays hit moonshots::its unlikely they are as lucky this year .
slapshotcity123::You can hope. Doesn't look likely though. :)
jays hit moonshots::baltimore back to the basement
Alex_TO::Anyway, GG to the Hornets and their fans, but by golly, your jersey's are ugly, stick to the blue ones
RollWave87::Yeah.. I'm from New Orleans and don't like those Mardi Gras uni's.. Cool concept, but it looks like throw-up
AJE356::GG Raps but why only 8 minutes for Ross while that chucker AA had 30 and shot 4-12
gri400::today was justified, but more often then not Tross outpreforms double A IMO
JoeyDorsey4MVP::Ross was terrible this game. Shot air balls kept getting beat almost every possession on defense. The kid's head was not in the game at all.
Renee Paquettes Hot Ass::Ross struggled mightily in the first half. I'm okay with Casey's choice to sit him tonight.
Renee Paquettes Hot Ass::I do agree, but I'm just saying TRoss would have struggled all game, it wouldn't have really made a difference. It's all a learning experience. Casey knows when to pour on the minutes for him. He's a good developer
AJE356::yeah but the season is a loss anyways so I'm okay with giving the rooks some time irregardless. Glad to see JV get his mins though
19brom::i mean he does play descent D, thats the only reason i can think of
gri400::casey has a man crush on double A
19brom::thats a great question
slapshotcity123::The worst team in the history of the NFL would beat the Argos 45-0.
JoeyDorsey4MVP::Ok? That's like saying a double AA baseball team would have problems against a bad MLB team. Of course...
RapsRapsRaps::Ha ha ha!  Can you believe this guy!  Psychologists dream.
gri400::lol troll
Alex_TO::Nachos or Enchiladas
Alex_TO::Don't think you can eat America, too greasy
slapshotcity123::MERICA
19brom::lol this fuckking guy, WHO CARES
BoxingFanatic444::Great game raps and fellow rap fans! Peace out from Whitby, Ontario!
whodattrackgeauxtigers::GG Raptors, pretty good group of fans. I think you're wrong about Rudy, but that's my opinion. I hope ya'll give OKC a bad pick. Go Raptors!
DR HORSE 3::as long as bill ontario chills out it will be okay
skinnyyy::$@%!.ty teams always have the best fans! I mean that in the nicest way possible as a Raps fathful
Renee Paquettes Hot Ass::I have been a lifelong Jays fan since November 2012
gri400::this is kinda what i'm dreading about jays broads this year, people expect something now so we'll have a bunch of idiots popping on being "lifelong jays fans"
19brom::some of the best fans in the league
slapshotcity123::umad
RapsRapsRaps::This guy is the definition of troll.  Every comment is more antagonistic than the last.
Alex_TO::Do you unfold like a butterfly?
Renee Paquettes Hot Ass::ufail
Renee Paquettes Hot Ass::Dope, but we invented 'American' football. And indoctrinated hoops so get out of here.
Alex_TO::ARGOS
slapshotcity123::like Canadian sports (even hockey, now)
ignasm::GG, good luck Pelicans!  Go Raptors!!!!!!
Blake Griffins Off Hand::Wtf why aren't the Raptors tanking for a top 5 pick?
JoeyDorsey4MVP::Because, we aren't crappy enough to get a top 3 pick so might as well aim for a playoff spot.  At least we are keeping pace with Detroit for 10th.
Alex_TO::Because it goes to the Thunder
whodattrackgeauxtigers::OKC has their pick
slapshotcity123::They think Rudy will get them somewhere Oh how wrong they are.
Raptorsfan080::DRAFT IS GARBAGE
slapshotcity123::You Canadians have a great sense of humor too. Almost as good as your pro sports.
Renee Paquettes Hot Ass::Jerry Lawler
DR HORSE 3::have fun  watching the o's lose  all season
MoneyWeems2477::I cant hear you over jose Bautista hitting home runs
19brom::lol dumbasss
dipset73::Jays taking World Series!!!!!! So stoked
19brom::???
Alex_TO::Was that an insult?
gri400::an attempt anyway
Raptorsfan080::hater
DR HORSE 3::la la la   la nola
BoxingFanatic444::Why do people buy Pizza Pizza? It is the most disgusting garbage pizza available, yet a ton of people buy it. Why don't they buy decent chain pizza like Pizza Nova?
KLOE416::Nova is way better but in general Toronto Pizza is garbage
Renee Paquettes Hot Ass::Imitation cheese, particle pepperoni, questionable bacon, ?vegetables?   what's not to love about Pizza Pizza?
Alex_TO::After this interview, Lucas better come online
gri400::GG everyone, fun game all around.  Those uniforms are awful though...
19brom::lol i think their kinda fun but for the most part i agree
Raptorsfan080::UGLY GAME AFTER THE 2ND. GOOD WIN
iHmong::Did Lowry get hurt?  No mins in 4th
TeechUAll::Did Amir Johnson get hurt??
JoeyDorsey4MVP::Nope, Val was having a big game.
Mari-Osman::Lucas got HOT!
gri400::no JL3 was on fire
ignasm::he was burning...
Mari-Osman::Good Game Hornets Fans!
DR HORSE 3::raps winnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
Mari-Osman::Power got to the horn man's head.
arvinramroop::GG Pelican's fans :)
ptota::RAPS!!!!!!!
Renee Paquettes Hot Ass::Man, I know it's the Hornets (but they are much better than their record would indicate), but it feels so good having Rudy. Our chemistry has gone up greatly and we are closing games much better now.
slapshotcity123::I said it last game, I'll say it again:   Better get used to the Rudy Gay 20 points on 20 shots. It works against these mediocre teams, but it will get you no where relevant.
JoeyDorsey4MVP::We know this..but we wan't to be a consistent playoff team before we start complaining about his chucking.  If his chucking is good enough to get us into the playoffs we'll put up with it.
Alex_TO::50 percent shooting, not bad
toronto-vigilante3::thanks slapchop....
Renee Paquettes Hot Ass::I love Vince's nuts
toronto-vigilante3::slapshotcity123 - Was that an insult lol? ____________________  No, I just like the commercials....
slapshotcity123::Was that an insult lol?
JoeyDorsey4MVP::I'm kind of sad that Gordon and Anthony Davis didn't show-up tonight, even though I'm glad the Raptors win.
gri400::i have the brow on my fantasy team, so he disappointed me tonight.  All good for the raps win though
xXpredator71Xx::quite possibly thee ugliest jerseys in professional sports?
gri400::yes
Russell Wilson Is A Great Role Model For Youth Today::Anthony Davis went head to head against Amir Johnson. Got a crash course in Grown Man Ball
JoeyDorsey4MVP::Anthony Davis had a big game when we played New Orleans in New Orleans.  It must be rookie fatigue..
ignasm::JV with the double-double!
toronto-vigilante3::....and another JD shat for me!!!
ignasm::JV needs a board!
Mari-Osman::I don't know why I get excited for pizza. I've never gone to a Raps game in Toronto.
vertabre::simple, it's free and any crappy pizza that is free must be worth eating and torchering your taste buds over!!! LOL
19brom::o well thats fun too, maybe one day
19brom::you should their alot of fun
Mari-Osman::Sadly I live in Alberta. I've gone to a pre season game when they came here.
19brom::good win new orleans has actually been playing pretty well of late
BoxingFanatic444::THE WORST PIZZA CHAIN IN CANADA GIVES EVERYONE A PIZZA SLICE!
Alex_TO::PIZZA
gri400::CRAPPY PIZZA FOR ALL!!!
toronto-vigilante3::GAY GETS IT!!!!
hanzerman181::100 pptsssss
