eenz3::Who wants Noah over Asik?
Real Deal Beal::Honestly, Asik is a very talented young C.
WatergateSwag III::How do you lead 20-4 in the first and end up losing it? I'M TALKING TO YOU ROCKETS
fred3857::Coach McHale kill the win: 1.Bench D-MO when he played well. 2.Change overwhelmed Lin-system to worst Harden-system. 3.T Robinson not consistently to the game yet. 4.Harden and Parsons turnover and leak defense.
Dezagcoog::Also learning english well would be nice.
squiddy45::The bucks came back in the first quarter. Rockets were up by 17 pts and by the end of the 1st it was 33-36
bolt up DA HAUS::Asik has been an issue for the Bucks this season....
B Fan ABQ::Thank you Bucks,  Sincerely, Lakers fan
BrEwErSpAcKaNdBuCkS::and go utah also
BrEwErSpAcKaNdBuCkS::f the lakers....i will only go against the rockets when they face the bucks other then that turn the heat up rockets crush the lakers chances they dont deserve the playoffs
Burrito Or Taco::stick ur head in the sand, worm
bobbydagreat::Well, that was embarrassing.
Kokriderz::WTH Rockets!  Your job is to ensure the Lakers don't get in the playoffs.  The whole world is counting on you!
BrEwErSpAcKaNdBuCkS::they lost yesturday the lakers sure did take care of business
B Fan ABQ::LA may catch Utah also and who knows maybe even Golden state. I'm rooting against all 3. All 3 lost last night. Now time for LA to take care of its own business
Bocktor::"OMG!  I can't believe we lost to the BUCKS!"  - Every team that has lost to the Bucks this year.  Eventually you'd think they'd catch on that the Bucks are a solid (not great, but solid) team that's headed for the playoffs.
lorenzoperez88::i liked it dont get get mad just because noones liking your posts hahaha
Dezagcoog::LOL what's your point? that if anyone respected you they'd actually try in the game and beat you so you'd have many less wins and not go to the playoffs?
Dont Ban the SaladMan::so teams don't try to win against the bucks.  that's great logic.  have fun with jeremy lin.  lol
Dezagcoog::LOL sure if bumhurt is making fun of your stupid logic. FYI there's only you me and another rockets fan on here, try to make it less obvious that you're liking your own posts! HAHAHAHA
Bocktor::Hahaha.  Someone sounds butth'urt!
Vega_2012::I knew my Rockets would do this. They always loose to the teams that are supposed to be automatic wins.   I think this has to do a lot with coaching.
fred3857::Coach McHale kill the win again:  1.Bench D-MO when he played well.  2.Change overwhelmed Lin-system to worst Harden-system.  3.T Robinson not consistently to the game yet.  4.Harden and Parsons 7,5 turnover and leak defense...especially last shot.
february1088::A lot of Rockets fans are pissed because of Mchale's poor coaching in this game. His gameplan to make Harden be the playmaker and shoot has made Harden get 7 TOs. He calls time-out just so he can make a iso-play for Harden lol! Anyway this coach is a joke and needs to be fired asap
squiddy45::Automatic win? Their records are pretty much the same
BrEwErSpAcKaNdBuCkS::facing the bucks is not a easy win i hate that people think there a bad team when they are very solid..and just so u no the rockets and bucks are very even teams
Dezagcoog::I don't agree, the past couple of years we'd win to teams below us but lose to teams above us. And this season we've lost and won to both good and bad teams. That's just a symptom of being young, being almost an all new team, AND a coach who's trying to figure his team out. The rotations yesterday were weird. BUT I think it's McHale trying to figure out what works. That happened a couple of times earlier in the season too.
Dezagcoog::I just told you how. They are YOUNG, this is their FIRST season together, and McHale was trying many different and weird rotations cause it was D-Mo's first start and He wanted to fit Robinson in. Pretty simple. If you want an almost perfect team go back to 1996 and root for the Bulls. That's the closest anyone has come.
Vega_2012::They had 3 days off and they lost to a sub-500 team? Like how the hell does that happen? My goodness thats just horrible.
Vega_2012::they have a .500 record and they play in the east...
squiddy45::It's not like east teams never play west teams
Dezagcoog::yeah not much to watch.
Das Ravenator::automatic win? you haven't been watching the Bucks lately I suppose.
lorenzoperez88::lebron is a joke he will never be a jordan or kobe..JAMES HARDEN WILL WIN 6 RINGS BEFORE LEBRON DOES
lorenzoperez88::im sorry i didnt mean that i apologize for my rude behavior ..i still want to be your friend though ..
lorenzoperez88::lol ok what the hell is a troll..is it something your mom,girlfriend,boyfriend or whatever you have look like in the morning
Dezagcoog::LOL ok, doesn't change the fact that you're a troll.
lorenzoperez88::see i want to be your friend right ?
Dezagcoog::lorenzoperez88 - yeah i know you are the best it doesnt take a genius to figure you out   Aww man!!! thanks!!! i know i'm the best too!
lorenzoperez88::yeah i know you are the best it doesnt take a genius to figure you out
Dezagcoog::OMG!!!! you caught me!! NOOOOO!!! how do you know me sooo well!!!!    HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA man idiot trolls are the best!
lorenzoperez88::come on you can tell me i love the rockets too i want to be your friend
lorenzoperez88::stop lying you know your deeply furious and you cover it up with a laugh
Dezagcoog::Angry? LOL just as an FYI when someone laughs at you they're not angry. Actually I'm entertained.
lorenzoperez88::i sense that you are angry at me about my post ,a rockets bandwagoner fan are you? it all makes sense now!
Dezagcoog::That you keep repeating yourself to try and get a rise out of essentially no one, cause there's like 3 of us in here right now...LOL pretty idiotic.
lorenzoperez88::whats so idiotic about it?
Dezagcoog::yeah I enjoy laughing at idiot trolls.
lorenzoperez88::YUP ARE YOU?
Dezagcoog::LOL you having fun?
Dont Ban the SaladMan::like i've been saying, bucks are a better team with jennings on the pine.  2013-2014 bucks  ellis reddick ilyasova milsap sanders  --dunleavy coming off the bench
Dezagcoog::Y'all have a good team full of role players but you need a superstar. If you plug in a true superstar into your team you're almost an instant contender for a title. at least for the Eastern conference title.  Trust me as a Rockets fan I recognize the signs LOL.
I like the Packers::I have been pushing for Milsap for years....hopefully we can lure him in and keep Redick and Dunleavy at the right price....
Dont Ban the SaladMan::hard working, he'd be the type of player willing to play in milwaukee, not concerned with glitz, just W's.  the above lineup would be full of guys like that, ready to make the Deer winners again.
ahallet1::I like to see the milwaukee bucks get respect.  Much love for bjennings monta ilyasova block party and reddik
BrEwErSpAcKaNdBuCkS::i agree with u
milwaukeemonster2::im a huge bucks fan...we cant get respect until we stop losing to the worst teams in the nba...bobcats, pistons and cavs etc...we do ok against good or average teams...but blow it when it comes to the bottom feeders...
RNYC_125::Harden doing what he can but lakers may catch Houston. Lin holding the team back.
february1088::Lin holding the team back? You're joking right? Coach is not letting Lin play the point, and calls him out as being selfish when Lin scored 29 points in a post-game OKC interview.   Then he makes Harden take the burden of both scoring and playmaker, which exhausts Harden and leads him to get 7 Turnovers which resulted in this loss tonight.   Lin is doing fine, he's defending really well. He didn't score a lot because the coach doesn't allow him to.   Mchale is what's holding the team back. He has lousy rotations and doesn't call timeouts to break enemy team's momentum. He puts down players confidence by blaming the losses on them after the games. He got fired from Timberwolves for being a crappy coach, and we need to fire him too.
fred3857::Coach McHale kill the win:  1.Bench D-MO when he played well.  2.Change overwhelmed Lin-system to worst Harden-system.  3.T Robinson not consistently to the game yet.  4.Harden and Parsons turnover and leak defense
Swade_ND_Shade::Trade Harden for Lebron, make it happen Daryl
lorenzoperez88::i rather have kobe now than him
Dezagcoog::HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH what a maroon!
lorenzoperez88::lebron is a joke
Mambaholic 33::And Billion dollars to make that happen...LOL
Swade_ND_Shade::Monte Ellis has been O.D.'ing on Lucky Charms obviously.
Hard Work Over Talent::Had the Rockets won this game nobody in the comments would be $@%!$@%! about McHale, Lin or Ellis
milwaukeemonster2::ROYCE WHITE FOR THE GAME WINNER!!!   lol
JOHN-MCCLANE-::Houston we have a problem"
TheWyseWon::I will gurantee you, The Lakers will make th eplayoffs if the Rockets keep losing games like these they should win.
milwaukeemonster2::TheWyseWon - I will gurantee you, The Lakers will make th eplayoffs if the Rockets keep losing games like these they should win.  what are you talking about??? bucks are not the wizards or bobcats..the records shows they are evenly matched...
milwaukeemonster2::JOHN-MCCLANE- - What.?  comprehend much?  this guy said the rockets should have beat the bucks...like they are not on the same level as the rockets...the bucks are not the bobcats and the rockets are not OKC..they are even as the records and playoff standings indicate...
JOHN-MCCLANE-::What.?
JLinNASA::Robinson got 3 fouls and got yanked.  Not much contribution.  Could have use him at end of game to get the last minute rebound.  McHale could have sub in DMo to help with rebounding.  Poor substitutions , outcoached.  Robinson needs more practice to gel with the team.
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::"THANK YOU HAREN FOR YOUR 7 TURNOVERS.  WITH TIME, YOU WILL LEARN BETTER DEFENSE AS A SUPERSUKA LOL!"     ~~   BUCKS NATION;)
This day is inglorious::Thank You Bucks    - Laker Nation
lorenzoperez88::your mom is a joke
Dawan208::You guys stii aren't making the playoffs, cuz your team stinks.
JOHN-MCCLANE-::Your team is a joke
Mr. Bradford::Rockets defense says "What?" If y'all didn't allow almost 104 points a game, the Rockets might actually be a legit threat.
Denzel7587::lin is not performing well in Rockets. no future in the rockets. trade lin to somewhere else.
fred3857::I had saw many times that McHale bench those players when they played well and change prevailed Lin-system to worst Harden system,why?
AlexLeSJ::You Lin fans are soo annoying, without Harden this team wouldn't be as high as they are today, if it was just lin this year i would say we have only 20wins he's not that good.
Dawan208::Oh he was doing well in the first few minutes of the game and the rockets were up 11 points.  And then there was a substituting in the game.  He was dishing to the open man and was doing his part.  Denzel you never have anything good to say about Lin so you're obviously a troll!!!!   Plus. Lin was not the one with 7 turnovers.
Alabamian666::Does McHale know how to coach?
Alabamian666::Next to last in points allowed in the league, doom, here come the Lakers.
Alabamian666::Robinson with 3 fouls and -18 for 8 minutes of play proves he is a bench sitter.
TSlakersmvp::Even DWade has nice game once in a while like Monta . They both are the same
dj_kelo05::Monta didnt hit his FT in the previous game to send it into OT, but he hits a fall away 3 pt on one leg for the win HUH???!!!!!
ClayGold::it's called basketball
g18247::Haha Thomas R played for 8 min and was -18 on the +/-
andrei0810::Thank you monta..  -Lakers
Burrito Or Taco::sick your head in the sand, worm.   -Bucks Fan
best username::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P1L8nORiOgU
korn7860::These really suck..........
best username::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TDh0FcJ1atA
best username::the way lakers have been playing since they beat okc, besides struggling when pau went down, lakers have been playing well enough to make it to the playoffs, i think lakers could even take the 6th spot
GreatnessQSmooth::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJUXMkYFiXo
GreatnessQSmooth::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJUXMkYFiXo
GreatnessQSmooth::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJUXMkYFiXo
040Carter::started playing an online bet system called Sportsbettingstar. Since I started I have made an average profit of $3,000 a month. I hope that this reaches someone that is looking for an online betting system that really works well. I found this system on the 1st page of Google by searching for Sports Betting Systems.
NewAges::Kevin McHale won’t make the same proclamation about Lin. Not yet. The Houston coach calls his playmaker “a home run hitter,” and doesn’t mean that in a good way.  “Sometimes he’d rather have 29 points and nine turnovers and I tell him, ‘Jeremy, we’re trying to win,’ ” McHale said.    Read more: http://www.nydailynews.com/sports/basketball/nets/bondy-deron-health-p-pins-needles-article-1.1271479#ixzz2MAlTXd24
fred3857::I found that Rox often get a win when J-Lin made more turnover bcs of Lin system but often lost when played Harden system which cost him a lot of turnover.
MafiaYang::t up you bum
NewAges::I will post until the world know how bad coach McHail is....
NewAges::McHail critized Lin after the Nets game and right after the W over Thunder game that Lin had 29 points.....  Who would play 100% game when your coach bs like this in public?
Only real fans stick with bad teams::I've been on this page off and on for a few hours and I've seen u post this about 10 times.....
jerikobe2224::jj redick freaking hot!!!
david...clark20n::HAHAHA 2 games out with the lakers win tonight/tomorrow. And houston ends the year in la, automatic loss. So the lakers are making the playoffs easily!
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Kobe's being exposed as a selfish, stat-padding fraud w his team full of Hall of Famers heading to the lottery....the Lakers r a JOKE and u know it.
vman606::yes, great point. everyone knows that if kobe weren't so selfish nash wouldn't have broken his leg, pau wouldn't have torn his fascia and dwight wouldn't have torn his labrum. you should really work at ESPN. get a resume together.
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::Rockets are 2 of 3 this year against the Lakers so how is it an automatic loss?  Did you mean an automatic loss for your diva team?
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::luckily the lakers lost so no change in standings.
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::Here's what needs to happen.   1. Fire Mchale and Sampson - terrible coaches who make idiotic substitutions and rotations. 2. Let everyone play their natural positions.  Lin - PG, Harden - SG.  I could care less whether it's Lin or Dragic or Lowry or whoever.  It's idiotic for someone else to handle the ball when it's not their position.  Westbrick is a SG playing PG spot - productive but easy to see he shouldn't be handling the ball with his decision-making.  Since Harden is the better player, he should be the one playing off the ball, not Lin.  This makes absolutely no sense to me.  You're just inviting disaster. 3. Jones should be playing more.  Get him in there somehow besides garbage time.  If it took this long for Dmo to play, who knows what Jones is hiding?
NDFRockets18::I agree Lin should handle the ball  for most of the game except for situations in the 4th where we need Harden to take the game over. Harden can make plays and in that situation that is where your superstar needs to shine. That's the role of a superstar. So I am absolutely for that but I do highly agree that the PG should be the one to bring the ball down the court and run the half court offense on every "non clutch time" play.
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::this I can agree with.  He's the only guy on the team that'll get the star treatment from the refs and the foul calls are crucial during crunch time.
Only real fans stick with bad teams::All the top scorers need the ball in their hands consistently. i.e. James, Durant, Bryant, Anthony, etc. Harden is about as good of a scorer as those guys. You want Harden to have backscreens set for him, wait for Lin to draw a double team, or constantly move around waiting for the d to get broke down? Yes, sometimes of course, but when u have as dominant a scorer as Harden u gotta give him the ball consistently. Some ppl think it's not fair, well that's the way the games played....u give your best player the ball.
NDFRockets18::To be fair Harden is generally best in the 4th so it's more likely that he'll pop out of a slump than continue it.
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Ya I feel ur pain on that one. I really do. Im a Kings fan and I remember times when CWebb used to jack up elbow jumpers every other play. Used to drive me crazy. U still give ur best player the ball, but they have the responsibilty of being the go to guy. They have to produce or there's gunna be problems...
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::I get what you're saying but Harden will still be Harden without the ball, i.e. Kobe.  Making a guy who does one thing well to change his game is stupid.  Harden can do both so make him play as a SG.  Problem solved.  You wouldn't ask Delfino to not shoot 3's.  I'd probably accept this better if he still didn't get the ball on one of his 5-15 or 8-22 nights.  That's just stupid.
NDFRockets18::I really don't think at all that McHale is screwing with Lin. His whole rotation has it's issues at times, it's not limited to the PG position. You could argue the benching of D-Mo early on hurt us the most as he had a +/- of 12. Lin gets taken out at odd times but so do most of the players. My points is that this isn't a Lin issue, it's a rotation issue
NDFRockets18::Patterson and Morris were almost identical players, I have no idea why D-Mo couldn't get any time prior. Thank god he did though. Even if T-Rob doesn't pan out Houston wins with the trade because if forced D-Mo into the starting role
NDFRockets18::I clearly understand it. My exact point was that Aldrich blew hard yet McHale made him the back up over D-Mo and relegated D-Mo to garbage time. It was forcing McHale's hand, and maybe it was Morey's point to do so. Either way at least it happened
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::you don't seem to understand the difference between playing time and "playing time"  a few minutes here and there isn't the same thing as 15-20 minutes.  It ain't a coincidence that Dmo started to play more post-trade...Mchale has no other options.
NDFRockets18::Cole Aldrich got playing time over D-Mo before we unloaded his awful a.ss. Case closed
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::the issue of him not playing rookies alone should be enough to get him fired.  Unfortunately, he gets a free pass this year due to his daughter.
NewAges::Mchail screwed Lin:  Everyone play PG system -limit Lin's role Limited Lin time Openly criticized even when the Rocket won ----Thunder game...
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::I'm not sure why the more versatile guy isn't playing off the ball.  Forcing a guy who hasn't played that way or shot particularly well from the 3 point line is just idiotic.  You play to your strengths in sports, not try to be average in everything.  That is just stupid.  Harden will still be Harden if he plays as a SG.  Lin is clearly not.  He can't even consistently put up his season average numbers because of this.  If he was one of those guys with bigger egos we would've heard about it by now.  He isn't so he takes everything. I hate it when players are not utilized or not utilized properly.
NewAges::Look like you have not watched many Rocket games.....everyone play PG is McHail system....thats why many other PGs before Lin left the Rockets
NDFRockets18::1. The only other people who take on the PG role is Harden and the backup PG. That isn't unheard of. The only time Harden takes it over Lin is the 4th which isn't uncommon if your SG is a superstar.   2. I've heard him criticize Harden in the past for turnovers or poor shooting. You bring up the Thunder game criticism of Lin but I don't recall him ever criticizing Lin in public before.   I'm just not buying that there is definitive proof he discriminates against Lin. I just think he has a horrible rotation and hates to play rookies.
NewAges::Lin maybe plays more minute than other Rockets...but everyone play PG limited his plays....why dont you understand?. ....Try to make Asik play as spot shooter and see what he can do...
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::You chose just one of what he said.  I agree with his other two points which you didn't address.  Those in itself are major problems.  Minutes I don't have an issue with.  His stamina isn't as great as some others although he SHOULD be playing when Bev is playing like garbage or he has the hot hand - not taken out like clockwork.  This of course ties into poor subbing.
NDFRockets18::He said Lin had limited time and I countered that he was only behind Parsons and Harden in minutes. That's reason. You can't tell me he's being entirely rational here. And you agreed with my McHale post about rotations so how is that not reasoning?
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::You're not very good when it comes to reasoning.  Maybe that's why.
NDFRockets18::Lin played 3rd most on the Rockets and only 5 min less than Harden. He was 4-11 it's not like he had no chance. Asik was 7-12 with 16 points and 22 rebounds but he had less minutes than Lin.  D-Mo played better than Lin but had less time but of course ignorance makes it all about Lin again. Sigh, I give up trying to reason
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::Damn straight.  He's an idiot when it comes to rotations.  He's only using Dmo since Morey made that decision for him by getting rid of the useless parts.  Now if only Morey could make him use Jones...they've lost about 5 games they should've won but lost due to poor roster handling.  As for Lin, he's extra-critical about him for some reason and that's not cool.  You're supposed to encourage your players, not jump on them for every little thing.
Dawan208::woopzzzz - mcfail's extra-critical on lin cuz lin's not black or caucasian or latino or jewish or muslim.  He thinks Lin inferior because Lin is Asian!
woopzzzz::mcfail's extra-critical on lin cuz lin's not black or caucasian or latino or jewish or muslim.
woopzzzz::harden never gets taken out at odd times. neither does parsons. and harden has played badly in some earlier games. so he can so miss shots.
woopzzzz::if the best player plays crappy sometimes during the game, then you should take him out.
NDFRockets18::Harden is the best player. You make sure you don't take him out at odd times.
pinekush420::Lol!!!
woopzzzz::whats so funny?
Alabamian666::NDFRockets18 - He's a lakers fan.  I find it funny that they think they have a chance  Well now they do with MCHale screwing this team up.
NDFRockets18::He's a lakers fan.  I find it funny that they think they have a chance
NDFRockets18::Late to the party. Summary: Your team still blows try getting to .500 for the first time in 2013
NDFRockets18::McHale is a hall of fame player and the coach of a team with a playoff spot. As far as I'm concerned he can do whatever the he.ll he wants, it's worked so far.  (side note: McFail is a pretty bad nickname)
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::get rid of the HOF player part, that has nothing to do with how well you coach.
NewAges::If his ego is too high and the Rocket lost the playoff spot this season.....He can do whatever  he want at his home town as HS coach
woopzzzz::how bout mcdick?
NewAges::McHail try to prove his "everyone play PG" system win games....not Lin as PG to win games
rm90025::The issue with McHale's offense is that the corner 3 is favored to the detriment of keeping the ball in the hands of the players who can consistently generate high percentage shots.   Sometimes those wing players handle the ball too much and that starts the rash of turnovers and it takes away potential shot attempts for the better players.  In my opinion, the Rockets execute well when the guards are dictating to the defense and creating the opening for the shot, not when the ball moves around the arc and each player gets to decide what they're going to do.  Miami is more of a model offense for the Rockets to emulate.  You have 2 penetrating ball handlers and a lot of shooters to go with a good post player.  The two primary ball handlers decide when to swing the ball and when to drive it, and the other players generally get the ball in positions where the options are clear.  That leads to higher percentage shots, fewer turnovers, and more efficiency.
NewAges::1:55	 26-34	Patrick Beverley enters the game for Jeremy Lin   0:00	 33-36	Carlos Delfino defensive rebound   0:00	End of the 1st Quarter     1:34	 51-55	Patrick Beverley enters the game for Jeremy Lin   0:04	 55-55	James Harden misses driving layup     0:00	End of the 2nd Quarter    5:28	 99-99	Jeremy Lin enters the game for Patrick Beverley   3:05	 99-105	Omer Asik makes two point shot    Lin passed to Harden for ISO play for the rest of the 4qtr   Look at that statistic...can you tell?
NewAges::Hand pick? every time, the real PG play, the Rockets lead...can you tell?
NDFRockets18::You hand picked a couple of moments in the game. None of that is even a statistic really.
NDFRockets18::The only people who ever bring the ball down the court are Harden, Lin and Beverly. How is that "everyone plays PG". That's just 2 PGs and a SG play PG
chrisausten1203::The everyone plays PG system might get Houston on another losing streaks...I hate to see that because I'd really like to see the Rockets making to the playoffs.
NewAges::Results: Parson 5TOs, Harden 7TOs
fred3857::NewAges - Did you see Harden last 2 TOs cost the Rockets the game?  Same on SAC game and many games when McHale assinged to play Harden's iso at last 3-5 mins.
NDFRockets18::I even specified in my post that I wasn't calling the players the same at all. Ridiculous response. Kinda obvious the point was that sometimes there is a better person to handle the ball than the PG.
NewAges::LeBron????? Are u trying to compare Harden to LeBron now?
NewAges::Did you see Harden last 2 TOs cost the Rockets the game?
NDFRockets18::Certain players can handle it just as well if not better than other point guards. So I'm guessing in Miami LeBron should handle the ball less than Mario Chalmers? Not calling those players anything like Houston players but Harden does have playmaking abilities as a passer and certain times he is the best option to bring the ball down the court.
NewAges::Too easy to tell basic bb iq....not everyone can handle the ball like the PG
NDFRockets18::Give me more than a one game sampling size otherwise your results prove nothing
NDFRockets18::Well have they won more games than they've lost?
masterjoe712::Monta hit an incredibly lucky shot, but Parsons should have been playing better defense he was just watching the ball.
Jabrin99::Parsons got burned at least twice, that dunleavy three was on him too
NDFRockets18::He defended Ellis well two shots prior, the next two shots shouldn't have even happened. Our Power Forwards need to learn that rebounding is bueno
woopzzzz::damn i just looked at box score. PARSONS WITH 5 TURNOVERS!!! BUT OF COURSE MCFAIL WILL IGNORE THOSE AND FOCUS ON LIN'S FEWER TURNOVER LIKE USUAL.
akahaysbaby1::Fear The Deer!
woopzzzz::fear the beer!!
woopzzzz::damn, i just saw box score. HARDEN WITH 7 TURNOVERS!! OF COURSE MCFAIL WOULD IGNORE THOSE AND POINT OUT LIN'S 2 TURNOVERS.
NewAges::McHail only single out Lin when he did good....not when he did bad
NDFRockets18::When did McHale single out Lin tonight? He didn't
woopzzzz::no before like his comment to ny daily news about lin hitting homers trying to get 29 pts with 9 turnovers and not trying to win. also we see how he benches lin all the time and not other players who played badly some games including harden
nycdad22::LIN  3stls.!!!!!!!!
woopzzzz::minifarmgirl12 - harden was on fire that game, w/o harden in that game they lose by 10  yea but without lin's 29 pts rockets wouldve lost by 5 or so too.
NDFRockets18::Yeah and Harden shot 14-19, it isn't fact Houston would have lost without Lin as Harden would have shot more and he couldn't miss. Lin came up big for sure but his absense wouldn't have guaranteed a loss like Harden's would have
woopzzzz::you dont know that for a fact that harden couldve kept on shooting and making
nycdad22::Lin made important  2 3pts on last to help the team win.that was the fact.
NewAges::1:55	 26-34	Patrick Beverley enters the game for Jeremy Lin  0:00	 33-36	Carlos Delfino defensive rebound  0:00	End of the 1st Quarter   1:34	 51-55	Patrick Beverley enters the game for Jeremy Lin  0:04	 55-55	James Harden misses driving layup    0:00	End of the 2nd Quarter  5:28	 99-99	Jeremy Lin enters the game for Patrick Beverley  3:05	 99-105	Omer Asik makes two point shot  Lin passed to Harden for ISO play for the rest of the 4qtr  Talk about bad coaching
chrisausten1203::Yup. It's the coach...
Skatingseveneleven::so Lin is actually a low IQ Harvard player
Skatingseveneleven::so you meant the coach is the one with low IQ
chrisausten1203::Nope. Not his fault. He is following the coach's game plan.
