James Hoffman::Drummond made 3 straight free throws
Michael Joseph Papazian::This kid should have been the number 1 pick and he fell to the Pistons like 8 spots. Unbelievable they got this guy. He's a special player and still only 20 years old. Any time you can have numbers like Hakeem did and they haven't been had since 1990 then you have something pretty rare and special. How did anybody pass on this kid? I understand hindsight but the kid is a freak of nature.
Stuart Marc Left::if the game lasted five more minutes might of blown it. Pistons are the worse 4th qtr team in the NBA and nobody on the team can guard a 3 pt shot.  Dumars blows free agency again. Pistons should of swept the home stand instead of 2-2. The beat the Bucks and 76ers two of the NBA worse
Geoff Starling::Blows Free Agency? You would have gotten someone else? No one else was coming here. I think Smith could still work out, he's helped more than he's hurt. But even if he doesnt work out there's lots of backup PF minutes on this team because Monroe slides over. And Smith is still very tradeable. He's 27 with 3 yrs after this, a contender could easily take him. I'm a big proponent on not letting Monroe go, he's too mature, consistent and productive. And I think his J is showing promise.   The reason Dumars didn't blow FA is because that money is not going to limit us in the future in anyway. Smiths deal will End in the 1st year of Drummonds new deal.   I'd love to Spin J. Smith into a SF though. Like Evan Turner.
Michael Joseph Papazian::I understand your concern but the free agents they got are playing just fine. Jennings is turning into a leader on the floor and is averaging up to 10 assists a game recently. Smith is playing fine too I think. They just need to turn on the defense when the other team makes a run. If they do this they win about 5 games that they lost already. That would put them around 12-5. They are moving in the right direction. They just need to gel better as a team and that will come with experience. They have only played 17 games as a team. They have a lot of different pieces. Of course they aren't going to gel like the Pacers and Heat. Two teams that have all been together for a few years now.
Mike Williams::rodney stuckey has been terribly consistent, i mean this is great  stuckey just wants to prove that he can thrive in a system at detroit, great role player to have- id vote him as 6th man of the yr right now
Adrian Rodriguez::Add another L to the good cause that is TANKADELPHIA...Jabari Parker/Andrew Wiggins/Julius Randal future here we come
Nashon Notyourtypicalsmith::KCP continues to be disappointing offensively...wish he can have a consistent scoring game and get rolling. Go Pistons
Jake Gibbs::Not today he didn't.  50% from the floor, 40% from 3 for Pope.
Robert Singleton::I agree with Jake...KCP shot the ball well today...he hasn't put up All-NBA numbers but he's only a Rookie...give the kid some time before you criticize
Nashon Notyourtypicalsmith::Robert Singleton he starting off pretty hot, and didn't hit a shot after halftime. Being constructive, I think he was a great pick. I believe his defense will be a huge factor in us having a playoff run, I just don't want his offensive struggles to keep him off the floor while Rodney "Chuck"ey hoists up shot after shot.
Michael Joseph Papazian::Drummond: 31 points 19 rebounds 6 steals 2 blocks..... The guy is unbelievable at the age that he is. He's a future star, no doubt about it.
Geoff Starling::I loved the way he scored. Those werent all dunks. He showed some real post scoring and demonstrated great touch and agility inside. I still think he has a long long way to go on Defense, despite the 6 steals he tends to not be that much of a presence as a shot blocker or help defender. He routinely lets guys just score uncontested.. I assume because he doesnt know how  to challenge without fouling. But his defensive hands are incredible, so I suspect he will be an impact defender.
Michael Joseph Papazian::Geoff Starling I agree, he is so young he has so much more room to improve. The skies the limit for this kid. He's a very special player and the Pistons were lucky he dropped as far as he did in the draft so they could get him.
Joe Brooks::What an amazingly horrible Philly team. Just fire them all and call up your d-league team. Even that would be better than this.
Adrian Rodriguez::It's for the best..suck this yr and maybe next...be great for the next 10-12 seasons...a.k.a multiple championships!!!!!
Allen Greene::Joe Brooks well The Sixers better start tanking.
Adrian Rodriguez::Allen Greene we are
Cory Nope::So Monroe leaves the game and Drummond takes over. Even Josh Smith looks decent. Set Moose loose- bring back Afflalo.
Kraig Keipert::I hate that we ever traded Afflalo. He would be awesome as our 2 guard.
Cory Nope::nobody EVER mentions that when they bring up "Great Moments in Dumars History"- and its easily his worst move.
Timothy J. Casey::Let's not make too much of 1 game. Josh Smith ain't making 3/5 three pointers most nights and Drummond isn't gonna put up Wilt Chamberlain stat lines every night either. They had a great all around game tonight and won big.
Robert Silas::This Pistons team has no defense at all.. I've watched all but three games this season and they blow it in the fourth quarter...
Jake Gibbs::Did Drummond set the record for the most missed free throws in a game by a Piston?
Charles Rouleau::Drummond played like a beast. If he could just shoot better FT he would be fantastic. Missed 11.
James Reid::Joe Dumars Needs to go, running organization into the ground!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Allen Greene::I would have fired him for passing up on Carmelo Anthony I know The Pistons went to back to back finals and won a title but I think Carmelo would have been a better and different Basketball player if he was taken by Detroit. Prince would have been on the bench or traded.
Zach Winiecke::He said Drummond is a fluke lmao. He'll be one of the top 3 centers for years to come you can bet that
Jake Gibbs::Wow. You have no clue Zach.  Wake me when Drummond doesn't blow a playoff series from the free throw line.
Cory Nope::It thinks that Trout is BETTER than Cabrera! You did read where I typed that- right? lol
Cory Nope::Jake Gibbs So you were asleep this whole time? Makes sense, now.
Brandon Coleman::Drummond did good, but our defense needs to step up, hope we have a great seaon
Joe Brooks::Useless to make a run in the third if you are going to just lay down in the fourth.
Allen Greene::I cant stand the Hack of Drummond strategy. Just play Defense.
Jake Gibbs::LOVE the hack a Drummond strategy.  Quickest way to get back in the game is to put the horrific ft shooter Drummond on the line.
Seph Gunulfsen::why not?  he's by far the worst ft shooter the nba has seen...  he's 3-13 and shooting 28% this season...
Tony Ellis::Too bad. It's a legitimate strategy. Drummond's an incredible athlete, an incredible defender, and an unbelievably efficient post scorer...but he makes Ben Wallace look like Dirk Nowitzki when he shoots free throws. I'm shocked teams don't play Hack-a-Drummond more often, honestly.
Mike Williams::if sixers got wiggins oh sweet lord look out
Cornelius Cornell Grimes::Pistons team get tired by the 4th quarter.  Maybe not just CV was out of shape. GO PISTONS
Tony Ellis::Watch the Sixers come back and win.
Jake Gibbs::If they keep putting Drummond on the line the Sixers will win by 20.
Zach Winiecke::Andre is simply a beast
Jake Gibbs::6-16 on a Sunday game against Philadelphia in early December.  Can you imagine how bad Drummond will be when he is at the line in the 4 quarter of a playoff game?  Choke city.  If Drummond is so valuable Detroit should trade him for Curry, Harden or Westbrooke right now. lol.
Zach Winiecke::Jake Gibbs Are you stupid? I guess you forgot to look at the 12-15 FG's, 30 points, 18 rebounds, and 6 steals. FT's are only one facet of the game
Cory Nope::Zach Winiecke Yes, Jake is stupid.
Adam Youman::Lol MCW Statline: 6 6 6
John R Barker::That's what you call a Sixer.
Brent B Jacoby::DRUMMOND IS A BEAST
Mike Williams::andre became a man
