May Foley::Suns will D up and get some dunks on the break.  PHX 94, N.O. 90.
Wild Silverback::I agree.
Casiano Servaz Tubana III::Predictions are weak sauce..
Jim Diveley::3 - 1 after 4 games, solid play so far from a very young team.  Keep working hard Suns, I like it!
Wild Silverback::SUNSSSSSsssssssssss !!
Casiano Servaz Tubana III::SUCKssssssssss
Brandon Bove::Suns looking legit!
Clayton Sumrell::Pelicans got this.
Wild Silverback::No they don't.
Klint White::Wild Silverback Yes they do. Pelicans have 4 top 100 players playing. Suns have 1 top 200. PJ Tucker is only useful if there is a SF to gaurd, Green is a spud and will probably play 30 minutes.
Zachary Clark::Run your logic by me one more time Klint.. That's right team sport not who has more top 100 players
Zach Wagner::We already have the Arizona Cardinals and Arizona Diamondbacks. Next year we will have the Arizona Coyotes. Should the Phoenix Suns become the Arizona Suns? I think so.
Barry Federovitch::No, never
Remington Brown::This will be a tough game for who ever wins. Bledsoe is showing he is a great player already for the suns and Davis is have a great start to the season for the pelicans. Both teams are on the rise
James Williams::I hate tanking on purpose...3-1...keep it going!! Even though I'm fairly certain we lose by 20+ tomorrow night...hope I'm wrong
Alex Alari::we did beat them last year in SA and we are a better team this year.  So you never know.
Brent Carroll::suns will win they are going to get on a roll
Alex Alari::hey maybe this team doesn't need a Wiggins type of player.  Bledsoe sure looks like he can be the star of the team and we can build around him.  Use the draft picks to get either some nice young players or trade them for another all-star type of player.  If we do that maybe was can be contenders well before anyone expected.  And as a die hard Suns fan I will take that over waiting 3-4 years to compete.
James Williams::I don't hate that idea...trade picks...expiring contracts (Okafor) and pricey vets for proven talent and try and win this year...we have what? 4 first round picks we can deal?  Keep Bledsoe, Plumlee, Green, Len, the Morris brothers maybe even Tucker as a good hustle guy...package everyone else and build a contender...now...or go the draft route...either way I am loving this team so far
Christian John Rollinger::or we can just go huge in the draft and be a kid in a candy store with more than enough trade bait
Christian John Rollinger::If we have the way (Picks and Trade Bait) and we don't make a run at a top 3 draft pick I would be upset, The cellar teams should be drooling at the prospect of 3 first rd picks which we should have 3  picks in the 12-20 range I believe , And frankly we don't need 3 new guys we need 1 or 2 Str8 Hoopers, I wish we could trade for Derrick Williams he would be a nice banger for the suns
Joshua Jawahar Kingsley::The PELICANS? BHAAAHAHHAAHAHHAHHAHAHAH! This is a joke right? I thought there could never be a worse name for a professional sports team than the Hornets. Boy was I wrong. HAHAHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHAHAHH ROFL!!!!
John Osaki Jr.::Turn back the clock and check the new 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com to check out the high ranking and greatness of Steve Nash
Timothy Buchel::Gragic is unlikely to play tonight which is a big loss for the Suns , hes their handler & can create on offense , Holiday & Gordan should exploit that , itll be close , I did get down on the Suns +10.5 though , Pelicans 96 - Suns 90 .. Davis & Plumlee should be a fun matchup !
Zachary Wormann::Hopefully suns lose this one... and then everyone after it. Coming from a suns fan too but this group of guys aren't beating top teams for a few years so might as well reload with the draft
Brandon Tigues::davis has been the only player for NO doing anything so far this season..gordon had a great game against Indy, besides that I haven't seen him do much
Eddie Cruz::and here I thought the Pelicans were good. Green is just boosting up his value so we can package him with Dragic and maybe Frye for another first rounder.
Neil Bernier::I like that train of thought.  One positive of winning some of these games.  I have to say, though, that Bledsoe is better than I thought.  He's a keeper, but it's going to cost some coin.
James Williams::Neil Bernier keep Bledsoe at all costs...he'll be a top 15 player next year
Brandon Usher::Neil Bernier... Bledsoe is a top 6 NBA PG right now.  They cost themselves $20-$30 million by not re-signing him now.  They will be able to match any offer, but it might end up taking a max deal to do so.  The top FA PGs next offseason besides Bledsoe are named Rodney Stuckey and Kyle Lowry...
Neil Bernier::The Suns are seriously spoiling "Tankfest 2014" with these performances.  I wasn't sure we'd have this many wins at Christmas.
Eddie Cruz::I know man, we need to calm down haha. We almost pulled it off in OKC the other night.
Neil Bernier::I was all ready with ordering a couple of shirts- a Suns shirt with Wiggins on the back and a tank top that said "Suns Tank" on the front.  I'm not so sure the way it looks at the moment.
James Williams::Neil Bernier dude even if we won zero games this year we'd still only have a 25% chance of getting the first pick...I absolutely despise the lottery
Arizona Sting::Wondering where all the Suns regular posters from ESPN went? Try Sports Hoopla Forums and search for the Phoenix forum. Lots of Suns fans over there with live game threads. It's weird at first but once you get used to it you'll get hooked. There are way less trolls there as well thanks to the mods. Head over there for basketball and football talk! GO SUNS GO!!   Here's the link, hope to see you join us! http://www.sportshoopla.com/forums/phoenix-suns/
Ikenna Nwaghanata::SO we are let the freakin Suns nearly drop a 40 spot on us in one quarter with AD on the court? SMFH
Peter Westman::It's the Pelicans we're talking about. Not the Thunder.
Alex Havig::What is going on?!?!?! I thought we were going to get a top lottery pick!
Jordan Vanderbilt::What a awful nickname.rather be called the n/o oil spills...
Ikenna Nwaghanata::AD needs to be more aggressive. Come on now, its Channing Frye out there.
Jeff Anspach::So when is the suns top6 draft pick Len going to play? Or is he a bust already?
James Williams::he doesn't have to play when Miles Plumlee looks like a freaking all-star
James Williams::but Len has looked fine in limited time...but when Plumlee is averaging a double double the rookie has to get used to the bench for a while
Nick Jones::STATUS Day-to-day Len (ankle) did not play in Tuesday's game against the Pelicans. (click on his name in box score and it will tell ya :) )
Thomas M Babin::Holiday 1-6 with 7 assists and 5 turnovers. NOT impressed.
Brad Nordlund::why are we not talking more about davis averaging 23 12 5?
