Bob::Austin Carr (FOX SPORTS CLEVLAND Announcer) can hate lebron all he wants but he cant erase the fact that the Cavaliers are not the same since Lebron left and still the Cavaliers suck! Waiters havings issues in the locker room? Give him to miami for Roger Mason Jr. Pathetic Broadcaster! #p3nissucker
fcbonilla::Oh , yes let's go to Cleveland and give thanks to them for giving us LeBron James. Thank you Cleveland.
paku::Bosh is playing center...give him some credit. Playing defense against 2 big guys in most cases takes away from your offense. If you're basing the big 3 theory on points then you and basketball r questionable
Robert::Andrew Bynum. Cleveland needs to throw him out on garbage day because he stinks.
Lawrence::Coach Brown pulls all his starters and expects the second five to keep the game close. Not happening. Brown is clueless.Why he stands up and tries to coach is just silly.The players think Brown is a joke.The goofy kid with the bow tie is sitting behind the bench and telling the players to listen to Brown. NOBODY is listening.
heinzy k::The closest I think Cleveland was ever to a championship was when the Cavs jumped onto the Mavs bandwagon.
Al::Wanna-Be superstar Irving is going to ball hog big time tonight. Mike Brown will wear his best suit & diamond studded designer glasses & will stand on the sideline clueless. Lemonade Dan & Bowtie boy will watch the game, both cursing Lebron. The Heat Players All Give Thanks At Lebrons House For Leaving Dumpy Cleveland Right After Dinner.
Shineya::Congratulations HEAT!!! For the Job well done... Keep up the good work...
Rasetsu::a few years back, when LeCheat brought his talents to South Beach, Cleveland burned his jerseys, swore that they will win a championship before LeCheat does, and vowed never to let LeCheat play for them, ever!  NOW, SEEING THAT THE CAVALIERS SUCK, as they always do, Cleveland is BEGGING FOR LECHEAT TO RETURN AND PLAY FOR THEIR SORRY #$%$ TEAM?  WHAT A BUNCH OF LOSERS!!!  CAVALIERS SUCK!!!
Brad::Miami has a big 2. Bosh is not a superstar by any means.
