Chinatown82647::Simply.....................................Pathetic
acefspradez::Bucks bench is stepping up big time.  This is an exciting team to watch.   So far...
MikeRowe1525::Bucks playing better ball
Manbro74::The wizards are still far away from being a contending team. However poor coaching is hurting their progression. I know Seraphin has struggled with turnovers, but he deserved more than 13 minutes. Singleton is one of your best defense players and played 10 minutes, Crawford only played 13 minutes as well. Either balance the minutes or play your most promising players. Your 0-4, so obviously your strategy isn't working.
Yoyaryo::agreed. who the f cares if ariza and okafor play????  start singleton, seraphin, booker.  see if they have what it takes.
wpstonebraker::What a joke on the flagrant 2. Ellis isn't even going full speed down the court, and slows up even more at the basket. If Ellis was sprinting down court and went for a quick lay in it wouldn't even be an issue.
RileyBadgers11::Can someone please explain to me why in the hell Ekpe Udoh and Larry Sanders are playing 8&amp;9 more minutes than Illyaslova?
packersfanfrom89::And this is why looking at box scores over actually watching the games make you look foolish.
WiscoMase23::you clearly have not a watched a game this year so far
IVI PapaDoc IVI::They are playing better. Also Ilyaslova is shooting horribly
081tom::As a DMV resident, suck it up a few more years and stock up on good draft picks, and change back to the Bullets.  This town will love you.  You're not going to beat the Heat in the next 2-3 anyway, or even the Warriors for that matter.  Please Ted Leonsis, please.  If only I had the reins....
We Are Believeland::I hope Jennings apologizes for that. Beal was trying to help the dude up damn.
WiscoMase23::are you kidding? he is trying to back up his guy. you wish your wizards had team camaraderie like that
Timmy_K::Where are you, pre-kindergarten?  Surprised Jennings' posse didn't gun Beal down in the parking lot after the game.
hokienation135::Larry Sanders is one of the breakout players of the season
Coy Bacon Jack Ham::Wizards are a hard watch.
Emoney321000::Jennings got me 31 fantasy points tonight. Not impressive, but it's alright cause LeBron got me 73 and J.R. and Felton got me 76
Volans19::the second unit is saving the bucks a$$
Mr. Bradford::Starting unit offense: 19-44 (43%) Bench unit offense: 20-34 (58%)  Total starting minutes: 114 Total bench minutes: 127
Mr. Bradford::Especially defensively. Look at their plus minus compared to the Bucks starting unit..   Starting: -8, -8, -5, -2, +2 Bench: +18, +18, +15, +10, +10.
Miller Park After Dark::PROST!
Thesith36::What did i say??? Bucks by double digits... :)
Brew Crew Super Fan::sloppy a$$ win but we'll take it.  we'll take anything we can get.  hopefully the vengeful C's won't destroy us in our own building tomorrow night ...
Chis Broussards source::You were saying Bucks by 20.
dcenate007::Against the worst team in the league. Not impressive.
stickgril::it is when you're the Bucks!..any win is good..dont be such a debbie downer!
DeerandBeer91::Wizards&gt;&gt;Detroit
Edward4515::Well jennings finished over 40% so thats an upside in the bucks win &amp; he took only 9 shots!!
WIstormchaser2119::PEPPERMINT HERSHEY KISSES!!!!!
Austin Powers. 502::i feel bad for the mooses in wisconsin tonight :(
DeerandBeer91::81-1 still intact GO BUCKS
dcenate007::Jennings and ellis always causing trouble.. Wow what a game! I wish Bucks fans could be more like all you Wizard fans.   GO BUCKS!! GO WIZARDS!!
Brew Crew Super Fan::Then usually around every 10 years they have a great season &amp; tens of thousands of people hop on the bandwagon &amp; get their commemorative rally towels.  Then they go away for another ten years.  It's eerily parallel to the life cycle of a cicada.
Brew Crew Super Fan::Well there are only like two dozen Bucks fans to begin with so you might get your wish some day ...
Brew Crew Super Fan::"I wish Bucks fans could be more like all you Wizard fans."   Soooo you're saying you want there to be significantly less of us?
dcenate007::Actually that would be perfect.
mackmilitary::haha great comeback
kopitar112::why didn't seraphin play? is he injured?
kopitar112::anyone know?
kopitar112::and he's been on fire lately...
korn7860::I wondered the same thing, he usually heats up against the Bucks.
Brew Crew Super Fan::I didn't see the play at the end ... Beal with the flagrant on Ellis &amp; then Jennings came in &amp; shoved him or what?
Brew Crew Super Fan::ah ok thanks
dcenate007::For the Bucks sake lets hope  both Ellis and Jennings are suspended
WiscoMase23::you are not welcome here
packersfanfrom89::That would be correct.
korn7860::packersfanfrom89 - Hmm...I think an ejection is automatic 1 game suspension..  He didn't get ejected from one call, he got two technical's, one from the push, and one from something he said, two technical's and then you are ejected, but it was not from the push alone.  So no, it will not lead to a suspension, only incidents which lead to two instant technical's, like a punch, and a flagrant 2, are suspension worthy, so Beal will be up for a suspension upon review of the play.
packersfanfrom89::Hmm...I think an ejection is automatic 1 game suspension..
korn7860::packersfanfrom89 - Pretty sure it's an automatic suspension.  No, only a punch is an automatic.
packersfanfrom89::Pretty sure it's an automatic suspension.
korn7860::Beal was trying to help Ellis up after a dirty foul, but from jennings angle it looked more like Beal was standing over Ellis taunting him.  Jennings shoved him to the ground in frustration and protecting his teammate.  Highly doubt a suspension comes from this.
mackmilitary::Bucks 3-1wow!
EvolutionaryMokeski::Glad to see the Bucks at 3-1, but I'd really like to see Harris getting more minutes. With vets like Dalembert, Pryzbilla, Daniels and Gooden it doesn't matter; with young players they need consistent minutes.
EvolutionaryMokeski::Well if "he is what he is" is an LOL comment, then you must believe otherwise. So which is it? Either he is what he is or he has upside.
packersfanfrom89::You're not getting it.
EvolutionaryMokeski::So you think Mike Dunleavy Jr, at 31 and in his 11th season, has upside?  And not saying 35+, but he could get 24.
packersfanfrom89::Who cares about upside right now?!  Bucks are trying to win games, and make the playoffs.  Dunleavy is a huge part in that.
packersfanfrom89::And cut Dunleavy's minutes?  No way..
packersfanfrom89::Lol, is what he is?!  Dunleavy is the MVP of the Bucks through the first 4 games.  Harris is getting plenty of playing time right now.  He's only 20 years old....no where close to being ready to play 35+ minutes.
EvolutionaryMokeski::Dunleavy is what he is; Harris has serious upside. Dude looked like a man in the summer league.
I like the Packers::Bucks will now beat Celts tmrw, and I will then have a great weekend. Just as planned
..BrewersWin::Good game Wizards! See all you Bucks fans tomorrow! Go Bucks (:
Chis Broussards source::Bucks have Colonel Sanders on their team.
packersfanfrom89::Who woulda thought Larry Sanders wouldn't be the first Buck to get ejected?  Good win Milwaukee!
fanofsports24::some docta.....cant even read haha
DoCtA.FlAkE::you're a noob, he didn't get ejected
dcenate007::Hey be nice to our guests!
packersfanfrom89::Fail.  Read it one more time and try again.  Idiot.
I like the Packers::Learn to read
..BrewersWin::lol read it again.
buckspackers23::Korn - I know you gotta stick up for your teammates, but don't do something that may earn a suspension.  Just get in the guys face, a little shove, some trash talking. Don't lay the guy out when he's trying to help Ellis up.
packersfanfrom89::Heat of the moment.  That was a really dangerous play from Beal.  Can't blame Jennings.
korn7860::I would do the same thing he did any day of the week, any opponent, people have become to soft.  I remember watching Barkley and Malone, Shaq and Malone, throwing punches every game, they love the game, and it gets heated, players who truly love the game always react the way Jennings did, I love to see it.  Personally I would have taken my suspension and laid Beal out, he could have severely hurt Ellis on that play.
packersfanfrom89::Ellis at the peak of his lay up, and Beal comes down with two arms.  Dirty play for a close game, let alone a game that's arleady over with.
buckspackers23::How dangerous was it? My computer was lagging a lot near the end of the game.
dogs::good game by the bucks
I like the Packers::Your name is dogs and your picture is a cat. Is this legal?
kingkongpheng777::-.-... boston next... will be bad starting it with a suspended pg..
I like the Packers::Jennings was quoted screaming "I'm straight out of Compton b.itches!" when leaving the court.
..BrewersWin::GO BUCKS (:
I like the Packers::#FeartheDeer
korn7860::You always stick up for your teamates when there is a dirty play, Jennings did exactly what I want a leader to do, great job.    Beal also got ejected.
..BrewersWin::Yeah, but I don't want him suspended.
korn7860::It is hard to say, he didnt punch him, so I would be shocked if he does get a suspension, he may just get fined, this is his first altercation like this.
korn7860::He might get one, wont be tomorrow though, usually takes a few days for them to go through.
EvolutionaryMokeski::OK, so I'm here: http://www.thefirstrow.eu/watch/151867/1/watch-washington-wizards-vs-milwaukee-bucks.html  All I'm getting is audio.
GreenBaypackersTV::what did jennings do lol
I like the Packers::Went compton on beal
..BrewersWin::Jennings ejected :(
GreenBaypackersTV::prediction's for badger game? im scared about phillips starting but anything is better then o'suck
dcenate007::53-3 Badgers win
buckspackers23::Jennings, what the Fuck were you thinking? There are 20 seconds left, on are way to a win, and you're going to earn your self a suspension?
korn7860::You always stick up for your teamates when there is a dirty play, Jennings did exactly what I want a leader to do, great job.  Beal also got ejected.
Austin Powers. 502::<b>i'm out.  enjoy your porked moose.</b>
Knight13951::Atleast  Beal, and Ariza finally showed up today.
GreenBaypackersTV::i don't get to watch badger game tommow forced to work ;(
I like the Packers::Then watch the Bucks that night. Boom
GreenBaypackersTV::true
dcenate007::Who really thinks ..brewerswin is a guy?
milw-jay::Sweet.  Bucks at  3-1       Fear the Deer    2012   version...
packersfanfrom89::Terrible foul by Beal.  Clearly a flagrant.  Just dirty.
WIstormchaser2119::WHAT JUST HAPPENED
buckspackers23::Rather Jennings.
GreenBaypackersTV::hellow brewers win
..BrewersWin::What's up TV?
korn7860::Monta is really pushing it, he just needs to slow down and let the game come to him like he did in Golden State, give it time, he will come around and become a 20-25 ppg player that he has always been.
dcenate007::Ahahahahaha 20-25 ppg. Now that's hilarious .
korn7860::check his career stats.
buckspackers23::Sanders just got a suspension
DoCtA.FlAkE::Sanders didn't do anything noob
Stevie Janowski.::For what?
..BrewersWin::I hope Jennings doesn't get suspended for that.
Stevie Janowski.::Get an adblocker, korn.
korn7860::Wish I could watch it, first row sports is just a virus bed waiting to happen, and always tells me I need a plug in even though I have it.
dcenate007::Bucks are better off that way.
I like the Packers::wow....plz leave now
