TULOandHAYWARD::Anyone else super stoked that Big Al got a big time contract in Charlotte?  I like Al Jefferson a lot, and have tons of respect for him but he simply just didn't fit in with our offense. He scored a lot of points and grabbed a lot of rebounds but his D wasn't that good at all. He slowed the game down a lot and disrupted the offense. Again I like the guy a lot but he just didn't fit in with the Jazz style of play, but am super stoked that he got 41 million for 3 years in Charlotte for a Eastern conference non-contender. It's not like he will be making us pay for not re-signing him. I wish him the best and hope him and Kemba Walker can string together some wins.
TULOandHAYWARD::Jazz have their own "Big 3" if Corbin plays them! Burke, Hayward, Favors. And 2 very good role players in Burks and Kanter who are both capable of dropping 20 a game any given night.  No more "they are too young to play" BS. Hayward and Favors have legit experience and are easily 2 of the best younger guys in the game. They need to be full time starters. Any other team would make them starters. Kanter is a BIG dude who can bang with the other bigs down in the paint. And he can score and grab boards. Burks, that dude can straight up shoot and score. Plus he is a good ball handler, for situations the PG doesn't have the ball you can run the offense through him.  And Burke, well right now is all hype and hasn't played even 1 summer league minute, BUT c'mon we know he is going to be good. Maybe not great, but I still think he should be the starter of game 1. If the Jazz don't trust him that much, just limit him to passing the ball in the first game. Because if you look at the Burks and Hayward, they can both score, and pick&amp;roll to Favors/Kanter ALL day.  Jazz better be a Top 4 seed. No exceptions this year.
Trey Burke 2013-14 rookie of the year::<sub></sub>
Trey Burke 2013-14 rookie of the year::Man I can't believe I actually wanted us to win this game and make the playoffs. So glad we lost! LOL
tfoutz31::THE FUTURE IS HERE TREY BURKE!!!!!
TULOandHAYWARD::Starting lineup: Burke Burks Hayward Favors Kanter  PLEASE?
milk_n_cookies14::Gordon Hayward in jail?!?!?! http://d3na4zxidw1hr4.cloudfront.net/site_media/uploads/images/post/m/machine-gun-kelly/machine-gun-kelly_jpg_630x413_q85.jpg
free favors::KANTER AND FAVORS ARE GOING TO DOMINATE NEXT YEAR AND LEAD US TO THE NBA FINALS
tfoutz31::If corbins coaching they wont get playing time
TULOandHAYWARD::So us Jazz fans who talked crap about the Warriors tanking...lol we were so wrong. They are friggin good. Steph Curry is awesome.
TULOandHAYWARD::Derr uh okay....Golden State was awesome and you guys still defend your lame reasoning.  Who cares about 5 years in a row? I am not talking about legacies. I was talking about this season.... 5 years from now Hayward and Favors might be on Golden State and Curry might be on Utah, still has nothing to do with this recent season.
TULOandHAYWARD::Lol and I like that you call me Ty Corbin like that is supposed to be some insult or burn after the fact I said that GS was good. lol.
TULOandHAYWARD::Lol oh no you're right Golden State didn't perform well in the playoffs or anything.... Please...Who cares about what happened in the final regular season games, when the make it to the 2nd round. Do you not realize that? They outperformed what all Jazz fans thought they would do. But because they tanked last season means they weren't good this season. Haha wow.
tfoutz31::Ty Corbin is that you?? they may be good, it should draw attention to the fact that they should have made the playoff last year instead of tanking. if they were so good why did they lose so many games at the end of the year?
tfoutz31::You must be insane.
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::Tanking and being good have nothing to do with each other. They were still a team of chuckers that play no D. If they make the playoffs 5 years in a row, then that is something.
Topher78110::Trade somebody for Pau Gasol! Sure, he's a $@%!$@ bag, but he's better than what the Jazz already have. But they should probably keep Corbin since he's the best coach they'll be able to hire anyway, unless they promote Hornacek.
milk_n_cookies14::hell no
lllllll llll::no.
RonnyRAGE::Trade Milsap or Jefferson along with the logo. Fire the coach and get back to winning!!!
vergatease::Mountains are wack
tfoutz31::Whats wrong with the logo?
StockonToMalone::jazz
NYeltigre::where do we go to talk jazz now?
rbmw263::.
lllllll llll::haha.. you asked this 6 days ago
milk_n_cookies14::slcdunk.com or utahjazz360.com
tfoutz31::FREE THE FUTURE!!
lllllll llll::Why are there less comments every time I come back? This board had 4900+ the night of the game... I guess the mods have nothing else to do so they keep going back to old threads day after day to delete comments that no one will ever see again anyway.
milk_n_cookies14::How long is too long to keep coming back to this board?  I miss you Jazz :'(
Lebron has one ring lol::The Lakers always win get used to it
free derrick favors::Don't get too used to it cause they're about to lose 4 straight
Lebron has one ring lol::Lakers always win get used to it
King-of-The-Echo-People::You mean like when they lost the season series to the Jazz? Also, shouldn't you be on the Heat bandwagon right now?
llll lllllll::This is DL's chance to prove himself. I think I can bear watching the team next season even with Corbin as HC as long as Favors/Hayward are locks to start, Kanter gets 30+ mpg and Burks is given control of the 2nd unit. And I don't want to see Mo's hero ball / self-proclaimed leadership ever again. He's a bench player, not a starter. Hayward can't (won't) lead the team if the FO allows Mo to continue his pushy "me first" campaign.
Darkflame07::Korver has cold stretches too, every shooter does.
lllllll llll::True. But Corbin saw Sloan using Korver off the bench...so it's reasonable to assume he'd do the same (since he can't come up with anything on his own).
NYeltigre::They ONLY guys he should resign is DC and Foye. (Foye must come of the bench.) I really hope he makes a strong push for Grevious vazquez too!
King-of-The-Echo-People::I'd rather have Korver than Foye. Foye had way too many games of horrible shooting. Foye getting the Jazz record for threes in a season means nothing to me.
Never Trust A Man Who Sleeps In A Hat::Vasquez in contracted for 2m a year. Not a chance they let him go except for Favors/Kanter
NYeltigre::We would need depth. I was thinking about how things would be if we could get both calderon and vazquez. Vazquez is VERY underrated and a very good passer and awesome at D. LOVE HIM!
llll lllllll::we'd still probably need to draft a PG for depth. I haven't followed Vazquez much though... so i can't tell whether he could be the future or not
NYeltigre::I think if we can get vazquez, there may not be a huge need to get a PG in the draft. IMO
llll lllllll::definitely! and it sounds like DMC might be open to staying now, so that's good.
NYeltigre::So where do we go now to talk jazz basketball?
llll lllllll::we stay here, of course!  slcdunk is probably the best choice though
JuMuellersOtherAcctForWhenHeGetsBanned:::( permabanned :(
JuMuellersOtherAcctForWhenHeGetsBanned::idk, just for my kobehating and lakerhating comments i guess. also the 7th time its happened to me that I got a "24 hour" ban. Not letting me comment with my other account
King-of-The-Echo-People::Remember that one night where we were both banned a while back? I was permanently banned that night and I didn't even say anything bad to anyone. I think it was just Golden State and Lakers fans flagging me for responding to their idiotic comments about the Jazz. Or it was me telling Bill Oram to learn how to cover the Jazz.
milk_n_cookies14::Banned for what?
TULOandHAYWARD::A lot of Jazz fans are bummed that we are keeping Corbin. I am not and I will explain why. Basically it is all about the players. When we had the right guys on the court, the team played well. The system is in place I believe.  As long as it is Favors and Kanter instead of Milsap and Jefferson. As long as it is Hayward not Marvin Williams. As long as it is Burks not Foye. I hope both Milsap and Jefferson are gone. Jefferson deserves a chance to be a key player and I really respect him and like him more for the way he handled his most likely final game as a Utah Jazz member.  He said that the core players of Favors, Kanter, Hayward, and Burks are going to do some damage and be a real good team. He wished nothing but the best for them. Meanwhile, Milsap basically said "Whatever I am out." I would not be opposed to Jefferson being on the team even starting over Kanter for 1 more season, but that is if and only if the the management and Corbin make it clear that he is not the go to guy. But odds are that is not happening. I hope Jefferson gets a big contract on a crap team in the East and takes them to the playoffs.  I really really hope the ball is in Burks and Haywards hands next season, and every missed shot ends up in Kanter and Favors hands. Draft and offseason should be interesting. Go Jazz.
TULOandHAYWARD::Next season Favors and Hayward are legit vets. Not aging washed up vets, but legit vets with a lot of playing time.
llll lllllll::The younger guys did well in spite of Corbin.  Most of their success came from their athleticism &amp; raw talent.
King-of-The-Echo-People::I like how Dennis Lindsey said right on the radio that he told Ty Corbin that he has to improve in some areas of coaching. I have always told people that Corbin would get next season to prove he's worthy to stay as the head coach. I also agree that losing is mostly on the players. Look at all the nights where Mo, Foye, Marvin, Millsap, Tinsley and Watson couldn't hit a shot. I give a pass to the young guys because they are still improving. This team needs new veteran players to put around the core four.
adamsbrian88::Gotta be careful though that Corbin just doesnt lean on those vets instead of the current vets
NYeltigre::Milsap bailed once he declined that extension. Im with you though on the game is mostly on the players. Corbin made tons of mistakes but he is learning. He better learn from those next year.
Lebron has one ring lol::All the Lakers do is win
King-of-The-Echo-People::Go find the Lakers board, nobody here cares.
TULOandHAYWARD::You would expect that with Kobe Bryant, Steve Nash, Pau Gasol, and Dwight Howard. I have never seen a team underachieve like it has and still be so full of themselves. 7 seed, wow good for you. Meanwhile, the Heat absolutely killed it all season and will coast into the finals, and LeBron is getting his 2nd ring, and then you need a new username. PS...LeBron has 1 less rape than Kobe.
milk_n_cookies14::If it's not Corbins fault that we missed the playoffs two out of three seasons, then who's is it? Who the hell is going to be held accountable. That's what's wrong with the Jazz organization right now, no one is being held accountable. We've had the same core players the last 3 years, and there has been little to no improvement. And all I heard from the exit interviews today is that the Jazz are looking to remain status quo. Corbin is coming back, Jefferson's interview went great, Mo said wanting him to return is a mutual feeling between he and the Jazz FO. The Jazz have literally done nothing to improve. We drafted three lottery picks, and so far they have rotted on the bench. What the hell is going on???? AHogjdifhjdialfhdislauhfdaskjlfhkajdlghdjkahgjkaghfjkdsghfsjk
King-of-The-Echo-People::Greg Miller is not Larry Miller. That's one of the problems right there.
llll lllllll::"Ty's our coach and has the Miller family's support."  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umDr0mPuyQc
tfoutz31::love ove love that video clip!
adamsbrian88::Greg miller needs to pull his head out of his $@% before he looses even more fans
rbmw263::I dont get what they see in him. I wish they would tell us. Other than, "he did a good job managing this group of guys"
adamsbrian88::He just needs to keep getting better
llll lllllll::I hate this. I hate this so much.
Lebron has one ring lol::Lakers win Get used to it
ZinBayArea::Don't feel bad Jazz, Stern had to really pull serious strings to keep you out.
LaKeRs_aMaZiN89::Smh head if they want to win they was up a game when they played Okc
JEGRAY53::Jazz board dead as a Lakers fan I understand.
King-of-The-Echo-People::As a Lakers fan, why don't you worry about losing to San Antonio...
free derrick favors::So we basically don't have enough to trade up for Burke right?
adamsbrian88::Seems pretty unlikely at this point.
Buffalobill78::Atta way to Zombie walk through the season. There was no explosion, no intensity and no desperation this season. Take the 15 Mil you will save by not resigning Jefferson and get a real All-Star. One that actually has an ounce of charisma.  I have no problem with Jefferson, Millsap or Ty Corbin. But none of them are leaders. One of them should be.  Watching this season would lull anyone to sleep. My god, can we please get someone with some energy. Someone that can pump up the youth on this team and get them to play to their potential. The pieces are all there. But there is NO leadership.
I wish I could get it up::Damn you Jazz!
King-of-The-Echo-People::Funny how all these people trashing the Jazz fail to realize they are still a rebuilding team. This team will look very different next season. It takes time to come back after trading your all-star player and losing a hall of fame head coach.
UtahUtefan101::you are right but I was'nt talking about when they drafted them. I wasn't clear through my post.
UtahUtefan101::It's the same in a rebuilding year as it is when they are supposed to be built. They were just lucky in the 90's by drafting what turned out to be two of the best players in history. beyond that, they always have and always will be doo doo brown. sadly, this franchise is where my allegiance is.
lllllll llll::you mean they drafted Stockton &amp; Malone in the <b>80s</b>, right? and was that D-Will/Boozer WCF team doo doo brown? were Adrian Dantley &amp; Pete Maravich doo doo brown? from the posts you've made it seems like you're just a Lakers fan who is trolling us because you obviously don't know the team very well
brandonreal::Chance of seeds #4-#8 winning the NBA Title: 0.003% chance Chance of Utah winning the lottery: 0.5% chance  If anything, Utah just improved their chances of becoming a better team by not beating Memphis. Good for them.
NYeltigre::haha yup.
Lebron has one ring lol::Lakers win Get used to it Lakers win Lakers win Lakers win
NYeltigre::Thank heavens this season is over for my Jazz. It will be for the better. Its so frustrating to watch corbin coach and make decisions.
Lebron has one ring lol::Lakers win Get used to it Lakers win Lakers win Lakers win
Big-Ben-Rexor::Not that it mattered because Houston fumbled thier opportunity to Knock the Lakers out, but to score only 70pts in a Do-or-Die game is an embarassment.
Lebron has one ring lol::Lakers win Get used to  Lakers win  Lakers win Lakers win
TheNBAisAsLegitAsTheReplacementRefsintheNFl::How are you a Lakers and Heat fan?.........I guess when one team loses by 20 FTs in the 4th you can jump on over to the next cheating team. Lebron won his championship ring with a shortened season....I'm not amused until he wins one legitimately through a full NBA season like this year.
I wish I could get it up::Dumbest argument of all time... Grow a brain dumba.ss! They still had to go through the same length of playoff games
TheNBAisAsLegitAsTheReplacementRefsintheNFl::It's a good thing the Grizzlies bailed out the Lakers or else, we would have seen another Golden State/Trailblazer ending with 20+ free throws in the fourth quarter alone.......
UtahUtefan101::I'm accepting resumes for a new team!
King-of-The-Echo-People::Bro, you are not a real Jazz fan if you really are shopping for a new team.
UtahUtefan101::Bro, I guess i'm not a real fan then? Or maybe you can just take so much?
Griss13ears::I hear the Clippers are accepting new fans every day. You should try them.
UtahUtefan101::Count me in!
muncieplumbers::great and exciting teams on the rise generally do that
adamsbrian88::Alright DL &amp; KOC it's time to man up and throw corbin out on his $@%, biggest game of the season and the jazz !$@% a brick.
Darkflame07::Is it Corbin's fault that nobody could hit a shot? If the players themselves can't put forth a better performance than that in a win or go home game then nobody can. Blame the coaches all you want but the coaches aren't out there laying brick after brick.
llll lllllll::Are you still $@%!$@%! about this? I'm not convinced you've ever watched a Jazz game with Corbin as HC. Either that or you're his son and you can't stand the thought that your daddy isn't as knowledgeable as you thought he was.
SmoothHoosier340::The Utah Jazz are a joke for that performance last night.
lugeneparker::I guarantee It would not have mattered who you guys played.  Grizz r for real.  We are no joke at home. Carroll, LOL.  You gotta have some high standards if your gonna wanna compete.
lugeneparker::Come on Utah, you gotta have more pride than that.  I see some of you wanting Demare Carroll to get minutes. Dude wouldnt even play on our team!  He used to play for us.  I would stop settling and go after a real line up by building through the draft and free agency.
King-of-The-Echo-People::Carroll has been a good bench player for the Jazz. He's better than when he was with the Grizzlies.
NYeltigre::demarre has won Utah some games. See the Utah-Miami game.
KRISTEN WIIG FARTED::laker fans have no class. Having said that, I'm sorry for the hateful comments I posted last night.
Psuedohoax::Milsap..... what the hell was that piece of crap????? That'll cost him several million....
King-of-The-Echo-People::Millsap was obviously playing injured. He pretty much struggled all season even before the injuries.
Lebron has one ring lol::Lakers all day Jazz are dust Lakers own the NBA
cheywoodb::That means a lot coming from "Utahjazzfranchisewillneverhavearing" and it's whose not who's.
UtahUtefan101::Very creative!
UtahUtefan101::Sorry we can't take somebody serious who's name is "Lebron has one ring lol"
HoustonTexan357::Jazz suck couldnt even win to make it interesting.
12yearlagavulin::That's okay.  Each Utah player can go home and his 10 wives can comfort him... 2013 and still too soon, eh?
DonCervantes::Who needs 10 wives when they can just have sex with yours? I did.
jakpot411::Gotta hand it to the Jazz when the season is on the line they tank hard. Never been the same since Jerry retired and Larry Miller died.
lllllll llll::i don't think that word means what you think it means
