ZachC1965::This Lakers team is just bad, and boring too...  I know the league has the refs help them every season, but I wish they'd stop...this team is about the 10th best in the west and a major snoozefest as well...  Lame...
xxxhawk::We know Lakers win at home, what we need to see is them put up a winning record on the road. So far they haven't won any games on the road. I always look at teams road records to determine how they will do in playoffs.
chompah99::Shaq carried Kobe.  Shaq was old and broken down as soon as he left Los Angeles; Wade carried Shaq. Gasol is soft and pathetic.  Gasol was the best person on the team when the Lakers won the last two finals. He carried Kobe. Lakers won.  Kobe's field goal % was too low so he sucks. Lakers lost.  Kobe sucks, he didn't score enough points.
jay kades::what is this? its a shame--you know very little when it comes down basketball..smh
ZachC1965::Kobe has proven he can't do a thing without a massive support system...  And he shoots so poorly, I have to think LA would have had more success without him ever being on the team...
xxxhawk::What we do know is that after Shaq &amp; before Gasol: kobe did not win a single playoff series in over 3 years.
simpsonpower::kobe was a lot better than gasol and he might be better than shaq you really don't know anything
simpsonpower::god you really are stupid
Broken Sports::Pau Gasol Sends Kobe Bryant Friend Requests For Ninth Consecutive Day - http://brokensports.com/2012/01/09/pau-gasol-sends-kobe-bryant-friend-requests-for-ninth-consecutive-day/
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::WHO THE HELL IS "KOBY"?
Ball-aholic::Kobrick, Derek Flopper &amp; Steve Flake combined for 14 turnovers! Now that's a backcourt if I ever saw one. This team is laughable. ESPN good job putting the Fakers in the headline feed when they win but, buring them when they get blown out..  This Just in: Kobrick gets nominated for an Academy award for his role in: "The wrist - my injury of convenience"..
ZachC1965::Lakers won at home, barely, against a hobbled team...  Fakers are just awful this season...
Delonte_West_::Hey, Ball-a-$@%!$@, who won?
Hoeferwnathan::And 39 points and 16 assists. So they played a bad game with the turnovers and still won wait until they actually are used to the new system and don't give up so many easy points on turnovers then this is easily a game that Kobe doesn't have to play in the 4th quarter.   So yes go ahead and rip them but last time i checked the point of playing a game is to win even on bad nights.
peezyfreshbaby57::Lakers will not be make a finals apperance this yr! I dont even see them in the West finals I think they have been leaped frogged by OKC and POR.  Sorry Laker fans!
ZachC1965::In all reality, Lakers are about the 8th to 10th best team in the West...  But the league loves that TV rating...so expect 'em to 'win' at least one playoff series...
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::LAKERS ARE PAYING KOBE OVER 25 MIL. THIS YEAR, AND YOU WONDER WHY YOU DONT HAVE A PG. CHEESE N RICE!! PAU IS MAKING MORE THAN MELO AND STAT, REALLY? BYNUM OVER 14 MIL., HE PROBABLY WORTH THAT THOUGH, BUT PAU MORE THAN MELO/STAT, NO WAY!! NOW I UNDERSTAND WHY THE LAKERS HAD TO SIGN TWO SCRUBS IN MCBOB AND MURPHY.
xxxhawk::Actually in 2012 isn't kobe making $30 million. Jerry Buss pays alot of Luxury tax.
peezyfreshbaby57::Troy Murphy before he started bouncing around he use to be a walking double double. I think him changing teams so much has effect his production
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::AND YET, STILL A SCRUB. I LIVE IN INDIANAPOLIS AND WATCHED HIM ALOT WITH THE PACERS, HES A SCRUB, WITH A CAPITAL S!!
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::THE LAKERS ARE SAD. THEY BARELY BEAT MEMPHIS WITHOUT THEIR BEST PLAYER, AND M. GASOL DIDNT EVEN MAKE A SHOT. CAN YOU SAY OVVVER-RAAATED?
Delonte_West_::Stop $@%! riding a $@%!$@ team (knicks), stop with the all caps, and stop liking your own posts.
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::SIR, YES SIR!!
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::SIR, YES SIR!!
dkbiggs81::what about dallas? lol
Sergito7559::M. Gasol didn't make a shot cause Bynum shut him down on D. Something that Amare or Melo can't do
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::AND STILL ALMOST LOST, GOOD THING HE DIDNT HIT A COUPLE OF SHOTS.
Alex9372106::Knicks fan ^ nuff said.
LA_Fan_4_Life::I really want to get excited about the Lakers. But, considering that I have seen two championship eras it's difficult to get excited when all I see is a playoff team and not a team that can win the championship. However, I still believe if the Lakers can pick pick up a PG they can win a championship this season. I wonder why they don't leave Howard aside and approach the Nets about DWill who is in the same situation, just in a quieter way, that Howard is in.    I believe Bynum for DWill is better for the Lakers than Bynum for Howard.
KungFuHustle1981::Hmm, not  a bad idea, they do need a PG desperately.
tbIce33::Lakers don't need Dwight Howard. Andrew Bynum is better.
KungFuHustle1981::You are insane.
LAdude::Coach Brown is making this Laker team better defensively.  They would be so much better that way with D12 in the middle.
Sergito7559::Drew has to go buddy. And this is coming from a Laker fan. We need Dwights versatality on defense.
chawps::Likewise, you'll be back to complaining about Lebron after the playoffs are over. Que sera, sera.
Something Like A LeBromenon::lol.  laker fans are funny.  you'll be back to complaining about drew before the playoffs are over.
Something Like A LeBromenon::Rihanna was courtside.  They were distracted.
xxxhawk::Vanessa was courtside with her new hump, kobe was distracted.
xenakicksbutt::27TURNOVERS W..T..F..?
xenakicksbutt::27TURNOVERS W..T..F..?
dps916::Whats up with Darius Morris??? is he hurt or what? why isn't he playing???
LAdude::Morris took up a spot on the bench when McRob got injured.  He'll go back to wearing suits behind the bench when McRob gets back.
Sergito7559::He is a rookie. Thats why he's not playing
Zonker40::I get the feeling if he played you'd see why.  Take Ebanks for example... his game against Portland was pathetic.  Not sure the dude can play any defense at all.
3PeatKB24::So far Kobe is the MVP of the league, if he isnt it would be Durant but Kobe looks like 2009 Kobe right now.
Ball-aholic::Kobirck will get TURNOVER player of the year!
LAdude::I think Kobe is more interested in getting the playoff MVP.
chawps::.
chawps::MVP isn't about record or stats, @ssclown.
Something Like A LeBromenon::LeBron is clearly MVP.  Durant and even Howard are ahead of Kobe.  Better record, better stats.
SIX7KID::fisher's new role on the team is to turn the ball over.  If the lakers need to turnover the ball they sub fisher in
Sergito7559::you do know fisher averages 1.8 urnovers a game and kobe averages 4 turnovers a game? LoL. Dont know where you getting your numbers from
AdidasBball413::you can never count out the Lakers! they'll always be around as long as kobe is there. bynum and gasol don't hurt to have around either.  http://theredshirtchrislehman.wordpress.com/
dbaerry::i dont think they can keep up wjth heat
ducadae::I'm confused.  If LA had lost to the Grizzlies, Lakers haters would be saying the Lakers suck.  But, since they did what they were supposed to do, which is beat Memphis, it's "But Memphis was injured".  Seems LA is wrong in both scenarios.
Delonte_West_::Gasol carried him? Well then, why didn't he win in Memphis?  Why is LeBron with Wade and Bosh?
Zonker40::Haters say Gasol sucks and is soft... until you bring up Kobe's rings in which case Gasol carried him to two of them...
RocForceOne::Wait until one of them say it was the refs....
Mazyck2003::Bynum had ZERO assist last night...
LAdude::When you get the ball 3 feet from the rim, who are you going to pass it to?
Zonker40::That's like saying Tim Tebow had zero tackles...
AdidasBball413::haha was he serious in bringin that up? if chris paul had a game w/out a rebound I don't think anyone would panic..  http://theredshirtchrislehman.wordpress.com/
Qzhoopin72::If Bynum were a point guard, we'd have something to talk about. Bynum gets paid to score points, grab rebounds, block shots. If he gets a few assists along the way, thay's gravy.
Mazyck2003::Fisher has managed to go scoreless 2 games in a row.  C'mon Mitch!
Zonker40::He had 7 assists the other night... and Kobe was taking all the shots.
lakefan77::MWP vs Fisher. Who wins most scoreless games?
Otis Smith...::IF D.Howard dont Re-Sign in Orland ADIDAS should just offer Kevin Durant the shoe contract.
Bigmayne313::He's already signed with Nike.
_mongo_slade_::Lakers won a game while turning the ball over 27 times. That's actually a good sign when you can still pull out a win while playing poorly.
Qster15::Simply AMAZING!!! Lakers are only able to score a measly 12 points in the 4th quarter. Can someone trip Fisher and make sure he's in the IR for a looooong while, what a useless $@%! on the court
mountainboy33::Is Memphis disappointing? Or are they just unlucky? As a Denver fan, I have no idea and want input from the real fans
Qzhoopin72::They missed Randolph last night....Mark Gasol couldn't handle Lakers big by himself....Tony Allen played Kobe real tough, but Kobe still got off.  Simple as that.
BlkMexMamba_Remixed::yAYYYYY 6-4!!! herrreeee wwwweeeeee cooome!! :-)
OPL21stJS::good job wining against $@%!$@ teams.
MossPushesOfftheD::Hey Kobe, HGH is good stuff huh
Saints59Lions3::Lakers win another home game, big deal all they play are home games and they are 0-3 on the road with many road games to come , dont order the rings just yet
Saints59Lions3::YAWN
-LOS LAKERS::As long as the Lakers are playing competative basketball ugly or pretty I'll take the win
Kobethamvp24xlive::I find it hilarious the Laker haters new argument is "Well you beat a team that is hurt"   Ok so what about the 1st 4 games without Bynum??  Kobe playing through a torn wrist?? Josh McRoberts one of the best bench bigs in the game is hurt? Yeah You aren't going to bring that up you fagsss.
Saints59Lions3::lol @ torn wrist ? is that the medical term lol  Josh ? best bigs ?   damn its morning you high already ?
Isorfilinde::Hard to figure out what the ceiling for this Lakers team is. They do not look like champion material in their current incarnation though.
Opragman::They are not going to win any championship with the players then have right now but don't count them out on making a big time trade in the near future.  Even with one or two trades they still would probably have to wait until next year to be considered as championship quality team.  Even great players take time to mesh with new teammates.
MJ_capalini::ESPN makes the Lakers sound better than they are saying "The Lakers win their 6th straight at home"..how about "The Lakers beat an Injured Grizzlies team"
Bigmayne313::When I say they, I mean fans
-LOS LAKERS::You're drunk off that Haterade son
RocForceOne::So the own Lakers organization blames on injuries when they lose? Wow. That's really new to me.
Bigmayne313::But when the Lakers lose they blame Kobe's injuries, missing players, or now the "new system" on the loss. So whats the difference?
RocForceOne::But you gotta understand that injuries are part of the game they will happen. It's not the Lakers fault that Memphis didn't have their pieces for the game. They simply took advantage and won the game, won in an ugly way.
Bigmayne313::Im just saying that the Lakers beat a team that didnt have their best parts, just like fighting someone who cant use their arm, which is their best parts to fight with.
RocForceOne::Was the man with the broken arm playing basketball? If not, then no
Opragman::It does not matter how many home games they win in a row.  They still have one lose at home and zero wins on the road.  Unless they can start winning on the road they are not going to end up any better than a 6 or 7 seed in the West.
Bigmayne313::Roc would you feel good about yourself for beating up a man with a broken arm? Would you say that he was able to give it all he got?
RocForceOne::Injured or not. A win is a win
Bigmayne313::Kobe is a great player, but has he won anything alone? NO! He had Shaq in his prime for his 1st 3 rings, and when Shaq left and  it was just Kobe and some mediocre players what did they do? nothing! So why does he get praised like he can do it alone, nobody can. If you put Kobe on the Cavs would he have them with the best record in the league? NO! And if Lebron got paired with the same talent early in his career like Kobe did would he have won rings? Hell yeah! Kobe cried for help and threatend to leave if he didnt get any, so how can you blame Lebron for leaving the Cavs when Dan Gilbert did nothing to keep him there besides offer money, he took less money to play in Miami so that speaks volume to his character. Everyone likes to say Kobe is so clutch but how many game winners has he hit that actually counts? He hits them against teams like the Raptors, 76'ers, Warriors teams that shouldnt have been that close in the first place. The last ring Kobe won he needs to thank Ron Artest for that game 7 win over Boston because Kobe didnt show up, Artest hit big shots repeatedly in that game while Kobe struggled. I hate arguing sports with people who have biased opinions SMh
Qzhoopin72::Yes, Phil made some difference when he took over, but the championship is still won ON THE COURT....and Shaq didn't win a damn thing in LA until he got paired with Kobe. I give both guys their equal credit. You can make excuses for Lebron's continuous failures in big game situations, but he's running out of excuses!  On one hand you say "Lebron would've won with Shaq too"....then you say "Lebron just turned 27"....or whatever. Make up your mind!!!
RocForceOne::Nobody wins it alone is that where you're trying to get at??
Bigmayne313::Dell Harris was also the coach in Shaqs early years with the Lakers, they didnt start winning til they got Phil. Kobe needs another superstar to win flat out. Lebron just turned 27 this is also around the same age Jordan won his 1st ring. Wade couldnt do anything by himself either so what are you talking about?
Qzhoopin72::As far as Lebron, we saw everything we needed to know last year!! In the absolute PRIME of his career, paired with a bonafide NBA all-world stud (Wade) and another super-good player (Bosh), and everything going in his favor, he failed miserably. So let's not assume that if you stick him with Shaq as a young pup that he would've won a damn thing!
Qzhoopin72::The Lakers didn't start winning those Shaq/Kobe titles until Kobe became a starter over all-star Eddie Jones.  Shaq had Jones AND another all-star guard, Nick Van Exel, but still couldn't win that 1st ring until Kobe started getting those 40 minutes per game as the SG. I'll agree that without Shaq, Kobe doesn't get those 3 rings....BUT....without Kobe, NEITHER DOES SHAQ!!!!
Bigmayne313::Shaq was a bigger factor than Kobe in those runs. If they didnt have Shaq, the Lakers wouldnt have beaten Portland, San Antonio, or Sacramento. Shaq dominated in the post against those teams thats why the Hack a Shaq was implemented because they knew that Shaq was killing them out there, it took Kobe how long to finally get an MVP? Shaq had em all when they played together
gubuck5::People act like Kobe was a role player on the 3 championships with Shaq
RocForceOne::Ladies &amp; Gentlemen....Paul Pierce
thegameisback1591::Jesus already Mitch get a clue we need a point and a shot creator, and for NBA is the worst look at the rebounds too brother, stop giving the refs credit.
Otis Smith...::Orlando will trade Dwight for Monta Ellis  Stephen Curry and David Lee.
Eternal_Sage::No way GS gives all of them up
zayzkidd3::It seems that Kobe's steroids are starting do some good things for him...
Eternal_Sage::So much for lakers being done, any team in the west that is any good could win it
coryhanna121::I always try to teach my children by example, and one of the things I try to teach is to be positive and never "hate" on anybody, for lack of a better term.  But I have to admit, I secretly love watching Lebron struggle. lol  He makes a good villain for some reason.
Rex_Facts::lol  Keep teaching your kids and keep those secrets ref... ha ha ha  I hope the mrs. recovers soon bro...
coryhanna121::lol Thanks.  I've been called many things, but a good ref is definitely not one of them.  Off to work.  Gotta love a January Monday morning in the midwest.  *sarcasm*
CaDDyy54::had the over
RocForceOne::I'm effen hammered
Rex_Facts::Stevie Wonder can see that.  The Lakers are making shots by accident...
RocForceOne::And the thing is they are learning the new system during the games not at practice
Rex_Facts::This new friggin offense, coach etc...  They look like they are just in a constant free-lance out there...
RocForceOne::What up coach!!?? Man 27 turnovers are alot! They better do something about that. Other than that the defense is looking good so far
Rex_Facts::Chief Roca
Rex_Facts::lmao
coryhanna121::and I hate when people blame the refs.  I've reffed a few high school games before and it is incredibly difficult.  I was probably the worst ref ever.
Rex_Facts::No, there are a few in on my ref board and a few others that I would like to give that title to... ha ha ha ha
Rex_Facts::lmao  Now that is rich!
coryhanna121::I had parents yelling at me in a blow-out jv game. lol
coryhanna121::I love when pro athletes complain.  Like anybody feels sorry for them.
Rex_Facts::Do you also love when they play hurt?  Oops, my bad.  As far as a genius is concerned, there is only ONE side of the street...
coryhanna121::thanks man.  i hope so too, she's my sugar mamma!
Rex_Facts::I hope she get's well soon bro!  p.s. my mom didn't allow any complaining or excuses... She said that we were too poor to complain...
coryhanna121::we all "play hurt".  My wife can barely walk for the past month because of a foot injury and she just worked two 13 hour shifts as an RN.  I'm sick today and I am going out in below freezing temps to put soffitt/fascia on a house.  And we both make a helluva lot less than they do.  Americans are lazy and complacent, it's embarrassing.
TrueBlue4Life77::typical nba fashion, giving the lakers a favorable home schedule to start the season. Get them off to a good start...then throw in the bad officiating towards memphis. no wonder why no one beats the lakers at home, when the refs are on your side, its easy to get those wins. Lakers dont scare anyone. Wait til they play a real team. Watch what happens.
nba is the worst::So it was favorable for a team with a new coach, a suspended center, and old players to start the season with a B2B2B?
Rex_Facts::Good morning,  you should already know that these clowns do not understand reason or anything resembling a FACT.  I hate to see a grown man cry also...  However, these ESPN threads have helped that transition...
nunya2414::Nice to see Barnes have a couple nice games he can be a big difference maker for the Lakers
nba is the worst::Nice ref assisted home win for the Lakers
nunya2414::somebody call the whaaaambulance
bleed purple and gold 32::yes every accomplishment of the Lakers throughout their storied history is clearly due to the refs.  stupid.
jared575757::so tired of fans blaming the refs for everything. its so much easier to see the plays in slow motion replay. and this goes for every sport. the steeler fans are blaming the refs. and no im not a lakers fan
birdman._.::lol what there were 27 TOs bro
nba is the worst::Points in the paint, 40-26 Grizz.  Ft's, 21-10 Lakers.  What are your thoughts about the Lakers turnovers?
PhillyFlya::Please... No Tebow comments on this board. Go Lakers.
Caylees_Vengeful_Spirit::Me: What are you in for? Kid: Died in a car accident :( Me: Cheer up. its like your mom killed you or something :D
Caylees_Vengeful_Spirit::Eyes wide shut you can't see me niggga, cuz deep in yo heart you wanna be me niggga. want to be in my shoes wanna $@%! my hoes, wanna live my life wanna rock my show! Nooooo NIGGGA!!
63espn1234::The Nuggets played 9 games in 13 days, resulting in a 6-3 record. The Lakers are 6-4. What's the big deal?
dbaerry::the nuggets are looking primed for the future with all these players and draft picks
sharar09::the lakers have even more, and a tougher schedule, and they have 5 games in 8 days still. that's the big deal
Jaywashing::Chicago plays 5 games in 6 days this week. That's some ridiculous schnitt.
spbynum1::It's not. Not yet anyways. Lakers have a lot to figure out. Everything is too new to work right off the bat.
nba is the worst::Lakers played 10 games in 15 days, the only team that started with a B2B2B. No big deal, but no center for the 1st 4 games either. (In comparison, the heatles cake schedule is 10 games in 17, their B2B2B isn't until mid February).  There's a lot less help from the top these days for the Lakers...
dbaerry::can the lakers withstand the heat? we'll just have to see now won't we.
bleed purple and gold 32::We need perimeter shooting, speed and defense. Another words Fisher needs to go
southridge305::lakers have to get better on the road and get better bench play if they can have a chance of beating heat.
dbaerry::but bynum and gasol are ballin hard and lebron is bein a chump
ok_sooner82::sorry Lakers won't make it that far
spbynum1::as currently constructed no
