SumthinLikeAChamp::Why in the world are people saying big men don't matter?  It's not an "era" or temporary thing......the game is a matter of height, and as long as the goal is 10 ft high.  It always will be.  There have been only two guards that have won with out significant big men....Isiah Thomas and MJ....both pound for pound the best to ever play at their positions....and were a beast on BOTH sides of the ball.  THE REST OF THE CHIPS?  Had hall of fame big men....the game is EASIER when you play it inside out.  Not to mention a big man team controls the pace of the game almost at will and gets people in foul trouble.  The ability to play efficient defense decreases as the shot clock goes down....a guard heavy team without a significant big man have to jump shoot their way into wins.  THAT is wihy Dwight is so important.  Granted he's career and even today isn't really in comparison to what Wade has done.  Wade will go down as a top 5 , top 10 2 guard of all time.
heatbaybee::*cough what?
D Wade fan since 04-05::And we gotta stop leaving out Bosh. He has more often than not gone out and delivered on his promise to be more assertive this year. Took command against a good hawks team. Bosh can play well as a primary weapon for any given moment.
stone419::bosh has definitely been better this year
nba is the worst::But the hawks choked that game at the ft line
UMfanforlife24::so sick of people not realizing who the best player in the league is.. Its Lebron, and anybody who thinks differently has no idea what they are talking about. Yea he screwed up in the finals last year, but its ok for Kobe to lose 4-1 in the finals to the pistons AND get sweeped by Dallas last year.  I'm sure that Lebron would have loved to play with someone like shaquille o'neal in his prime to get 3 titles his first part of his career. Last year he had his first decent supporting cast and they lost.. ok be a little patient. Hes going to win it all this year and he is back to having fun playing the game, and he will win atleast a few titles and definitely could have won a few more if he had the chance to play with shaq and Gasol, Odom during his time in Cleveland. Oh and not to mention his teams are 11-5 against Kobes.
Merc229::Let's be real with ourselves, Lebron James is the FACE OF THE NBA PERIOD! All talk stay around Lebron .Its true Kobe ALWAYS has a good team with a great Center. Look at how Lerbron carried Clevland and see what happened to them when he left. Yea he screwed up in the finals, but he did get there on the first try, and this is the first time he play along side another superstar, and unlike Kobe Lebron actually shares the ball. He actually is an overall better player than anybody on stats, because he can do everything.
SumthinLikeAChamp::Correction....Dirk was the best player in the finals.  I think KD and Bron out played him in their first 2 series.
abenezer44::well last year dirk was the best player in the playoffs, and the playoffs is what matters, until someone outplays dirk in this years playoffs dirk is the best player
UMfanforlife24::I guess you can go off of that, but still.. I mean i get what your saying, but its not going to be happening again this year.
oneandonlybabe::LOL @ Tebow asking Bayless to lay off Lebron!
william peragine::skip bayless shines knobs....l
jrodr44::Plus dont discount what wade And Lebron do on defense together, two lockdown perimeter players.
D Wade fan since 04-05::Neither one is winning the big one without the other. I say its both Wade and Lebron's team in different ways. Wade has a banner, seniority edge over Lebron as far as the franchise is concerned. But right now they can both share the load in different ways.
UnoWhoMe::Wade is a KILLER and LBJ is trying to learn to be killer from WADE.
Paul.Griffin.Howard.::LeBron is highly unclutch.  I mean, there's really nothing clutch about...  ...dropping 32 and putting up a triple-double in his first career playoff game in 2006.  ...taking the defending Eastern Conference champions (Pistons) to 7 games in his first career playoff run (still 2006).  ...scoring 29 of the Cavs' last 30 points against the Pistons in '07 in Game 5.  ...carrying a terrible supporting cast where the second option was Larry Hughes all the way to the Finals in 2007 (AI-esque).  ...dropping 45 on the eventual champion Celtics in 2008 in Game 7.  (If his teammates were any good, they would have won that game.)  ...banging a game-winning buzzer-beater three against the Magic in 2009.  ...locking down Derrick Rose last year on his way to the Finals.  Yeah, terrible... not clutch at all.
UMfanforlife24::hahahahha exactly! sick of people not realizing any of that! hes the best in the world!
ardopercuts::Looks like the Heat sent the Lakers into panic mode by embarrassing them on national television.  Now they want to scrap their whole team to get D12, who isn't even that great himself.  Incredible!
Paul.Griffin.Howard.::Kobrick <i>does</i> have legendary playoff performances.  I mean, who could forget...  ...Kobrick watching Shaq drop 43 on the Pacers in the Finals.  ...Kobrick chucking his way to a Finals loss against the Pistons even though he had Shaq, Malone, and Payton on his team. (Heat-hating Kobetards would like to forget about that.)  ...Kobrick's amazing playoff run in 2005 after forcing out Shaq and Phil... oh wait, they missed the playoffs that year.  ...Kobrick sealing the first-round choke against the Suns in 2006 with a three-shot second half.  (The Clippers would have beaten the Lakers that year anyway.)  ...Kobrick losing Game 6 by 39 to the Celtics in 2008.  ...Kobrick's "legendary" 6-24 performance in the Finals.  ...Kobrick getting SWEPT by the Mavericks after predicting a series win.
jac91stevens::Well thought out!!! I like it!
jrodr44::People act like Howard is Shaq. Shaq weighed 50-60 more lbs. than Howard and was just as fast. Howard is good, 4th or 5th best in nba, but he is not wades level, nor Lebron, nor Kobe.
abenezer44::getta outta here with all that  wade is not a top 3 player either is kobe
jrodr44::But we're they traded for a top 3 player with a finals MVP?
stone419::no, but you could argue that howard is top 3 as well
stone419::i disagree, the previous NBA champs all had a quality bigman. in reverse order: chandler and haywood, gasol and bynum 2x, garnett and perkins, duncan, shaq, wallace ( i may have missed some) i cant remember a team who won without a quality center
stone419::not saying the heat cant win with the team they have, just saying centers are hard to come by and are very important still
jrodr44::This isn't the 80's. Center is like running back in the nfl, it's not as important as it was before. I don't agree it's the most important position.
stone419::but he IS the best center in the nba.  which is the the most valuable position in basketball
perrypete::especially now because there really are only few true centers in the league.
Paul.Griffin.Howard.::People need to stop saying it's Wade's team.  It's not... it's LeBron's team.  The Heat are better without Wade anyway.  Wade and Kobrick = old and overrated.
jrodr44::It's wades team. But who cares, it's like both of theirs but they just keep it at  wades house.
BlkMexMamba2.0::For heat fans.. how come latley.. the heat have been playin better without Wade?
cowboys for the win::thats what i say why are they playing better i think wade give the ball over too much
jrodr44::And if you are looking for reasons on why they are 5-0, with out Wade, is because those games were mostly at home, and for two of them at least they had a more complete lineup, with the return of Miller. Add the fact that Chalmers has been playing very well, and Battier has turned it around from a disappointing beginning to season, and you see why they are 5-0 #withoutwade.  They are also 1-0 without Wade and Lebron. So trade em both.
johndaker55::I honestly think Heat would be better off trading Wade to get Howard. IMO.
stone419::nothing in the future is guaranteed, FACT.
stone419::nothing in the future is a fact. FACT
jrodr44::Agreed. But again wade is the only I know for a fact that is gonna play to expectations on the biggest game of the season. Fact.
stone419::well most teams dont have the games best center and the worlds best player and a great powerforward at the same time
jrodr44::Do teams really blow out other teams in playoffs? They are usually tough games, and Howard isn't this dominant force like shaq was, he can be guarded. I
jrodr44::My response to that, is that in a tight game in the playoffs, I would rather have wade over Howard, and ultimately that's all this is about, playoffs.  Would the roster be more balanced, sure, may translate into more regular season wins, but when the defenses ratchet up in playoffs, will Howard be able to create a shot, or hit his ft's?
johndaker55::Are you saying than Howard?Yeah better offensively for sure but no way as good defensively, not a knock on Wade. But speaking more to the fact that LBJ and Wade are both essentially guards that need the ball all the time in their hand and they would be better effective trading one to get a monster in the middle.  Wade/Bosh/Howard or Lebron/Bosh/Howard would smash teams but I beleive the Lebron combo would be best for sure considering how great of a passer James is.
stone419::well they play different positions so its hard to say who is better, but howard might fit better on the heat
jrodr44::Wade has a better offensive game, and is just as disruptive defensively. Wade&gt;Howard.
jrodr44::because #withoutwade, the world is a better place.
jrodr44::DwyaneWade Dwyane Wade  Sorry tebowRT @idelgado23: #WithoutWade Tim Tebow won games. With @DwyaneWade rooting for him, he lost to the Patriots. 3 minutes ago Favorite Retweet Reply  Like that one.
jrodr44::no sir, not me. I was going along with his twitter jokes, which he is tweeting as we type.  I wouldnt expect anyone to be traded from this team. And again, Wade is the only player I can say with certainty will play to his averages in the Finals. I cant say that about anybody else, on his team, or maybe even in the NBA.
BlkMexMamba2.0::You really think that. So you thinkin the trade block soon?
jrodr44::DwyaneWade Dwyane Wade  It was projected to be a cold day outside but #WithoutWade the weather is quite amazing. L2MS 31 minutes ago Favorite Retweet Reply  DwyaneWade Dwyane Wade  I was watching my son shoot and he missed every shot but once I left #WithoutWade he didn't miss. That's what I was told. L2MS 16 minutes ago Favorite Retweet Reply  ^^^^ Wade hears when you talk.
BlkMexMamba2.0::Im glad to see the rest of Lake Nation has my back.
THE B.E.A.S.T. - PART 9::Kobe lights up weak teams. Rim clanks against better teams, especially the playoffs. The End
MrNoNoGood::If you're a real NBA fan you can't watch ESPN for good insight in the game. Inside the NBA and NBAtv have former players breaking down the game. Every time someone talks about closer or clutch and acts like James hasn't came thru many times doesn't watch enough basketball. Skip has purposely tried to diminish James' career for years. Everyone's talking about the 4th qtr as if James didn't lead the league in 4th qtr points the previous 3 seasons before joining the Heat.
stone419::its ridiculous i agree, skip should be sued for defamation
jrodr44::@stone419, yes we are attached to Wade, its Wade County down here, but I honestly ask, what does Lebron do better than Wade? I know your answers, but Im willing to debate.
antistratfordian::Let's not do this, dude.  Not right now.  Let's keep it Kobe-Wade or LeBron-Kobe.  We can argue about LeBron-Wade when we're losing.
jrodr44::I had to reply one time though. But thats it.
jrodr44::You right, you right.
stone419::honestly, pretty much everything. scoring, rebounding, assists
stone419::we can agree to disagree. (although wade for howard would make for quite a team)
stone419::im not saying wade isnt great, but lebron has also won a scoring title, and he can play 4 different positions. LBJ averages 28, 7, and 7 for his career, while Wade averages 25, 5, and 6. i know that doesnt tell the whole story, but it tells a lot of it. luckily for the heat, they have both guys.
jrodr44::sorry 29 6 6
jrodr44::I dont dislike Kobe at all, but for all this Mamba crap, he doesnt do it in the playoffs. GW's vs Milwaukee in December, all day. In the playoffs, and specifically the Finals, not so much.
antistratfordian::true.  one of the oddest things about him is his uninspiring playoff career.  for all the props he gets for "winning rings" his playoff resume is lacking.
BlkMexMamba2.0::Yes.. i know this..
antistratfordian::Magic played a game starting at center in the Finals.  That's kind of a legendary performance.
BlkMexMamba2.0::And Magic's hook shoot or Bird's steal.. that wasnt just one play??
stone419::he did have that buzzer beater against the suns
antistratfordian::oop to shaq?  you're talking about one play?  i'm talking about a legendary game.
BlkMexMamba2.0::duh... shaq was the man
jrodr44::Yeah, that one, I guess, it was a great moment, but like Kobes first three rings, it belonged to Shaq
jrodr44::6-24 MVP
BlkMexMamba2.0::oop to shaq??? LOL!
jrodr44::Its why I think he is nowhere near Jordan Bird Magic, guys like that. Kobe is one of the greatest but just a notch below those players to me. They all have signature moments in the playoffs. The Flu game, "its a steal by Bird", or Magic hitting the Skyhook over Mchale and Parish to win the series.   Kobe has........
BlkMexMamba2.0::lacking... but still better than ur boy LBJ.. oh wait.. he dam near a rookie still give him time .. right?
tgtg31::I've learned a few things today that I'll keep and treasure: 1)  Lebron is the greatest player of all time (fantastic) 2)  Lebron has been better than Bryant his whole career (so rich right there) 3)  Iverson and McGrady are better players than Bryant (it doesn't get any better than that, oh plus a youtube link) 4)  Kobe Bryant is not a clutch performer (actually it got better than that) Being born and raised in Philly and knowing we have the worst fans in all of sports it is apparant that Miami Heat fans are bar none the worst, least objective, using stats when they benefit but not using when they go against, ignorant, arrogant fans there have ever been in professional sports. Thanks for all the humor this afternoon fellas!
tgtg31::Oh I love seeing the Lakers struggle.  But hearing people down play one of the best to ever play the game is not only comical but out right ignorant
johndaker55::No one said he was bad but just way, way, overrated.
ZachC1965::Kobe, overheard shouting at a teammate:  "Don't get so wide open--your man double-teams me!!"
johndaker55::Kobe is a CAREER 27% Field Goal shooter on game winning shots. Clutch?
ZachC1965::To be fair, that percentage was affected by his guilty conscience, since he had open teammates on all of those shots...
BlkMexMamba2.0::not at all
BlkMexMamba2.0::27% isnt clutch... but yet... id still rather him take the lost shot..  How many more last shots has Kobe taken over Lebron? Do you knw? (real question)
ZachC1965::It IS an improvement over 6 for 24!
johndaker55::OK so you're agreeing he's not clutch
abenezer44::remember this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4OppxKDj44E  people forget that a prime iverson was better than kobe, the difference was shaq
stone419::iverson is the man, i bet he could still play
ZachC1965::and the refs...Shaq was literally elbowing a totally stationary Mutombo off the floor in that series--and Shaq would end up shooting FTs!  The league loooooves having the title in LA...  Iverson had so much more skill than KB it wasn't even funny...
BlkMexMamba2.0::antistratfordian Rings rings rings... don't mean a thing when you're The King!  He was born with the eternal hardware of GOAT status!  ---------- LOL that just sounds ignorant.. So what if he retires without a ring.. As long as he finishes with GOAT stats.. right?
sheltonladmirault::kobe i dont think has to be the best, he smarter seems like and his heart is rocky like. theres isnt any best cause its a team sport, more props to leadership and dedication to the gym. i watched kobe get better cause of his desire, remember how people talked about his shots and arrogance. in my opinion when jordan done it it was fantastic and phenominal but when kobe done it was selfish and all kinds of things.
antistratfordian::GOAT status!  not stats.  I was being flippant though.  why so serious?
BlkMexMamba2.0::I saw your post.. theres a reason i ignored it lol
johndaker55::Are you really serious right now BlkMexMamba. Kobe's greatest playoff achievement is scoring 6 points in 2:33 after Shaq fouled out. Look at my post below. Kobe shrivels up in big moments, he has his whole career.
BlkMexMamba2.0::lol any excuse not to answer the question huh lol you're too cute
BlkMexMamba2.0::lol.. if u say soo
antistratfordian::damn, you are so mad right now.  stay that way.
BlkMexMamba2.0::Yeah. i know what i wrote. lol I meant to say stats.. dumb@ss lol ..  And im confused.. you dont want me to be serious?  lol ... Can u answer the qeustion... As a fan how do you feel knowing that LBJ can beast at anytime...except when it matters?? wouldnt you be a lill frusterated... Because ur not a heat fan.. Ur an LBJ groupie, u can tell how by the way u suck his d*ck so much.. :-)
johndaker55::I was shocked ESPN did a top 60 playoff moments and Kobe came in at #58 with his stellar 6 points (6 points!) after Shaq fouled out in a Finals game vs. the Pacers with 2:33 left.  Lakers that were on the list before Kobe: Shaq, George Mikan, Magic Johnson (x2), Derek Fisher (x2), Robert Horry(x2), Kareem, James Worthy, Wilt Chamberlain, Jerry West (x2). But yeah, Kobe is the greatest Laker ever honestly.
ZachC1965::Kobe's big memorable playoff showing will always be the 6 for 24 disaster...  Good thing the refs gave his team 37 FTs...
jrodr44::Its like I always say, Remember Kobes big game in the Finals???  Yeah me neither.
ZachC1965::I've never heard any of them say that.   And being a great player doesn't make you a good judge of talent. Ask Jordan!
tgtg31::You think Magic, Kareem, Worthy, Scott and Shaq all say ON RECORD Kobe is the best Laker of all time just so they look like good guys?
jrodr44::Wades better than Kobe and Lebron.
jac91stevens::Uh he had a still very good Sahq on that Champ team.... Shaq got a ton of attention from the D, which left Wade open to do his thing
jrodr44::Wade is a bonafide primetime player, he has the clutch gene, plays tremendous D, two way player.   To me he is the only proven commodity on the Heat. I love Lebron, but thats the way it is.
jrodr44::Dont get me wrong, I have the utmost faith in Lebron. But Wade has that ring, and he went and got it, he was the Alpha dog on that 2006 team.  so again, until I see otherwise.
antistratfordian::I feel your pain, dawg.  I disagree with you about him being the only proven commodity on the Heat, but I feel you.
28NYjets::wades great, but he is not better than lebron. no one is right now
stone419::look wade's great, lebron is just the best right now. i understand that heat fans are very attached to him, and rightfully so, but lebron is better
stone419::being shorter doesnt make him better, and wade's clutchness is vastly overrated
jrodr44::Lebron is the better overall talent, and skill set, but Wade until shown otherwise, is still the best to me. Wade blocks 7fters on the regular. Dude is 6'4" at best.
dan torell::Wade is a clutch player... Lebron needs to find a way to be a clutch player.
dan torell::much respect to Wade - unlike that no. 24 in Los Lakers.
jrodr44::yeah its been ridiculous here with talk radios about should they trade Wade? Asinine.
antistratfordian::I know.  Just short term overreactions though.
jrodr44::But Lebron and wade are both heat, so it's win win.
antistratfordian::I'm not going to say anything bad about Wade.  He has enough people riding him right now as it is.
ZachC1965::tgtg31 isn't a bad person most likely, just a bit ignorant...  he can, and will, outgrow it...possibly!
johndaker55::Kobi came to play in a big moment again
dan torell::... and it failed!
ZachC1965::He actually looked decent once it was garbage time and he wanted to run up his stats!  Here I am, rushing in to defend Kobe again...:  )
antistratfordian::He was trying to go 6-24 again
ZachC1965::Kobe's not so bad. One of the top 50 Lakers ever, which in itself is fairly impressive...
dan torell::poorly impressive you mean...
ZachC1965::I'm going to switch things up and only say upbeat and good things the rest of the day. This is going to be tough!
ambitious_ct::Rings being the judge of how great a player is, its a line of BS. Bill Wennington has 6-Rings with the Bulls, more than Kobe. Does that make him a Hall of Fame player...No...Does that make him better than Kobe...no..98 % of the people on here judge players by Rings. Charles Barkley doesnt have any and yet hes on the list of the 50 GREATEST PLAYERS OF ALL TIME???
jac91stevens::Lebron is better right now, then Kobe ever was in his prime... And i think that is what they are saying... Not from an all time perspective, but from a primed Kobe was never as good as the Lebron we are seeing
tgtg31::Lebron James isn't even on Karl Malone's level yet.....and that's the truth.  You're comparing him to Kobe Bryant and holy sh.i.t MICHAEL JORDAN?  Jesus, this is grand!!
abenezer44::@antistratfordian why are u  calling an another man king, and lebron is not the goat or even top ten of all time yet
antistratfordian::Rings rings rings... don't mean a thing when you're The King!  He was born with the eternal hardware of GOAT status!
ZachC1965::Yup, not like my age has led to my knowing, oh, about three times as much as you do..?  Take notes sonny, you might learn something...
tgtg31::Zach is a 46 year old man that doesn't know sheeeeit about sports
ZachC1965::So true. I guess Kobetards that use the ring argument think that Luke Walton is better than Dwight...
ambitious_ct::Kobe cant be considered the greatest of all-time and most certainly not the best player in the league. For one during his first three championships he was a SIDE-KICK 2 Shaq (shaq won all 3 Finals MVP's, Including a MVP award during their title run) not tot mention that Shaq was the focal point of the triangle and the leading scorer on those teams.Also, it took kobe what 5 or 6 years to get anther ring even though he was averging 30 + points? Ohh and by the way he didnt win an MVP in any of his 30+ PPG seasons..... Kobe is a me basketball player, not a team player. I'll admit that its amazing for someone his age 2 do what he is doing, but whenever his minutes go down his numbers will follow....Not tot mention the fact that he tends to shoot his team out of games night after night.
abenezer44::who cares the point is the heat and lakers will not win the ship this year unless the heat get a 267 free throw advantage over their opponent did like last year
Aicyla22::how is that the point?
ZachC1965::I agree, and Kobe isn't even the best Laker SG of all time...
dan torell::Kobe Sux!
antistratfordian::I'm really a very good basketball player.  If you have never been the first option on your high school team then you don't know sh*t about being the first option on your high school team.
antistratfordian::Hey, I was good enough to be the first option at my high school, which is the biggest high school in the state.  I know a little something about dominating on a basketball court.
Rehurek_12::ha and what state was that? Wyoming?
dan torell::Never Been Amateurs...
ZachC1965::sure it is--Nothing But Amateurs...
ZachC1965::I was once the 2nd option, but four guys had fouled out...
Aicyla22::what does that have to do with the heat vs lakers?
_Delonte_West::Sometimes Lebron makes me soooo proud. Thank you. You're, without doubt, the best son anyone can have. &lt;3
dan torell::Kobe this... Lebron that... you all go outside and play basketball rather yapping infront of your computer!
ZachC1965::I take it you're posting this from the playground during a break in the action..?
Shinobi_Wan_Kenobi::LOL!!!
cmcdan1524::The Heat and the bandwagon fans are worried about Kobe and the Lakers. You better start worrying about the Bulls, Hawks, 76'ers, Magic, Indiana, New York, and Cleveland.
Ki121989::The only team we should worry abt is our arch nemesis...the Bulls, the rest is foreplay.
Aicyla22::yes the bulls are great and a threat but as a long time fan I'd have to say our arch nemesis is the knicks even though theyre not currently a threat
Aicyla22::what????? ahahhaha okay if you say so maybe a few of those teams need to be worried about but really??
ZachC1965::Kobe has never been as James at ANY aspect of basketball. James was literally already better than Kobe walking onto the court as an 18-year-old rookie...  Watch the games between them. Kobe is like a kid trying to play a man...
ZachC1965::It took long enough...
ZachC1965::You must have ADD. McGrady might even be better...
tgtg31::No better than McGrady......ummmmm ok.   Everything you say/write/do is pretty much irrelevant.  I'm gonna keep this one for a good laugh....Lebron has always been better than Kobe and Kobe is no better of a basketball player than Tracy McGrady?   That's what you just posted?
antistratfordian::LeBron was already better than Kobe in his 2nd year in the league (age 20).  From that point on Kobe has never been as good a player as King James.
tgtg31::My guy?  I'm a Philly fan, born and raised.  I don't give two shts about L.A. or Miami.  Let me get this straight.....Lebron James has always been a better basketball player than Kobe Bryant?  That is what you said, correct?
ZachC1965::You're in love with Kobe and love is blind. But serious fans--those outside of LA--know Kobe is an incomplete gunner who's really no better than a T-Mac...
tgtg31::I apologize to Ball-aholic.  It is OBVIOUS that ZachC is the biggest idiot I have ever seen on ESPN.com
ZachC1965::Damn, don't cry about it...I know the truth hurts...  Your guy can't shoot but he still does...
tgtg31::James was literally already better than Kobe walking onto the court as an 18-year-old rookie...   I think that's what you wrote....yes that's what you wrote.  Fuking Hilarious
ZachC1965::YOU can't read and I'M the dumb one..?
tgtg31::This is scary....I thought people who followed Sarah Palin on twitter was scary but put this right up there.  Are you saying Kobe has never been as good a basketball player as Lebron has been?
BlkMexMamba2.0::I guess the only thing that gets me is when LBJ fans call him king...   He's really king of nothing.. besides a stat line on a piece of paper..
ZachC1965::Kobe is king of getting swept by the Mavs at the moment.
antistratfordian::You could try sounding less butthurt about that though.  No one cares that Felix Hernandez is called King Felix.  Why do you care what LeBron's nickname is?
BlkMexMamba2.0::You too simple minded to get what im sayin.. ill just move on lol
antistratfordian::That's not the point.  It's just a great nickname for an amazing player with the last name James.  If Jordan's last name was James he probably would've been called King James.  If Shaq's last name was James he probably would've been called King James.
BlkMexMamba2.0::Yea im butthurt considereing every time someone says something bad, ur the first dude to cry and defend him ;-)  One thing to be called king another to actually think U ARE king...
ZachC1965::I actually think Kobe is slightly better than Jordan...  The Jordan currently playing for the Clippers..
ZachC1965::LBJ is 10-2 in the last 12 matchups...
tgtg31::Where do you guys get your stat lines from?  Please I'm seeing something else.
Ball-aholic::LeBron is the most complete player in the game.  Kobe is one dimensional. Dude can score with a lot of shots. Standing ovation!
tgtg31::So over one regular season game, you guys are saying Lebron is better Kobe?
ZachC1965::Let's get real, Kobe didn't belong on the same court as James last night. Not sure what you were watching...
tgtg31::Both of you just totally contradicted each other.....this shouldn't be that hard to grasp
antistratfordian::No, the totals were rare, but his shooting was below average.  That's what I was saying.  Kobe just sucked.
tgtg31::My point exactly.....total ignorance.  Far superior?  He had one of his best games of the year and shot 6% better than Bryant, a couple more rebounds, an assist, a couple blocks(from behind), and steals and turnovers.  Kobe had his "worst game of the season" and his stats were just under that of James.  I'm the first to love seeing L.A. lose but to down play a top 10 player of all time vs. someone who can produce only when it doesn't matter is absurd.
Ball-aholic::The game was in control by the Heat from the jump. LeBron took some fun shots and only one bad shot.  Kobrick  shot below 50% TRYING hard to score.  Completely different when you add reality huh?
cmcdan1524::Lebron "fouf quarter don't count"
antistratfordian::And The King's 31/8/8 at 44.4% is well below average for him... not one of his best shooting games at all.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::LeBron had one of the rarest games of the last 25 years (30/8/8/4/3)!  Kobe had 10 points going into the 4th.  His numbers from garbage time don't count.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::I'm not so sure.  Jordan at least plays defense.
ZachC1965::We can debate it all we like, but it seems out on the court that Lebron is far superior...  Actions speak louder than any of our words, and it's clear KB just can't hang with LBJ...
antistratfordian::Well I think everyone understands that - as of right now lebron is on another level... the main argument is about their places in history, talking about that gets tiresome though.
cmcdan1524::He has never won anything in the NBA.
Rogerfromamericandad::Lakers to do list:  Fire Mike Brown  Figure out a way to get D Howard  If no D Howard figure out a way to get Pierce and maybe Ray allen If no on all trade Kobe and start over  Or sell team and move it to Las Vegas cause Clippers own LA now
BlkMexMamba2.0::Clippers dont own anything, besides the weak @ss name of "lob city"
antistratfordian::Move Brown to D-coordinator.
Ball-aholic::Don't worry Faker fans - The Miami blowout doesn't count (even though Kobrick played 41 minutes which completely destroys your excuse)..
tgtg31::Ummmmm 15 seasons and he made one shot more than Bryant for every 25 they took.  The best player ever, who shot more than Bryant, was 4% better from the field.  And you call him Kobrick?  That is hysterical.  And yes you are an IDIOT.  No doubt.  That's not a question.
Ball-aholic::N.W.A. invented the term? it never existed before them?  didn't know that - thanks for the info.   MJ made one of out every 2 shots he took, scored 32,000+ in 14 seasons.  Kobrick in his 16th season is still more than 4,000 points behind him -  Don't mention them in the same breath again kid. BTW, I thought I was an idiot? Why are you responding to an "idiot"? haaaa! you are too easy.
Ball-aholic::Really buddy. 45% from the field for his career means VOLUME over quality. Do me a favor and WATCH a game every so often, it helps create a basis for understanding reality.
metman0005::kobrick? really buddy?
Ball-aholic::tgt - you still here with the phony internet anger? Come on kid, you need to kick rocks or add something other than, "I'm so mad and above you as I hang out here for over an hour" ...  i've pulled your card a few times already.
ZachC1965::But he seems to know his hoops more than any of the LA fan boys...
tgtg31::Ball-aholic is the biggest idiot on this board
BlkMexMamba2.0::I counted, and we'll give it to you... good game..
BlkMexMamba2.0::Honestly, Maimi is the better team and Lebron is a better player than Kobe. But If you put these two teams in the Finals. . . Id still choose Kobe over Lebron..   And i know its old arguement, but kobe has 5 rings.. He's knows what it takes to win and he has more heart than Lebron. Classic David v Goliath  ..... Sure Lebron is faster bigger better... but never undermind the heart of champion..  Heart, determination, and a wise mind&gt;&gt; Talent
ZachC1965::Yeah, that Luke Walton is so complete...
Ball-aholic::Kobrick is one dimensional. Nothing wrong with that if that's what you prefer.  LeBron is the most complete player in the game.   Just the facts.
BlkMexMamba2.0::never heard of a Ringless COmplete players.. just doesnt even sound right
Rogerfromamericandad::Lakers may not make playoffs even
antistratfordian::LeBron is just a flat out better player in every aspect.  Kobe does have a nice bank three game though.
ZachC1965::Kobe has five rings...so does Derek Fisher, who cares..?  LBJ is significantly better in every respect and even has more heart. You know Kobe was trying to show him up last night and he just looked like a D-league player compared to Lebron...
BlkMexMamba2.0::Yeah would you leave Fish open at the 3 when a playoff game is on the line?? no..   And LBJ has it all BUT heart.. im not hatin.. just saying. And if he's better, how come he hast won a championship to cap off his great stat line?? he cant..
Ball-aholic::plus one more important factor - SHAQ &amp; PAU. other than that - I'd agree.
BlkMexMamba2.0::whatever.. Team is team bro. . doesnt really matter whose on it.. Shaq had kobe gary P and Karl malone and we still lost. Nuggets have no superstar and they're doing work..   sayin shaq and Pau is a haters excuse... be man.. give the lakers their respect and especailly Kobe.. . You wonder why people dont like Heat Fans...
Rogerfromamericandad::LOL @ Lakers, what a bunch of losers , they fell faster than Obamas approval rating.
Dr.Killapatient...::The lakers depth sucks..... Plus the change from the Triangle system to whatever Mike Browns running is causing them complications as well... Get rid of fisher and Metta World peace...... You won't get anything for them, but they are more of an liability than benefit at this point....
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::Well the MAIN problem with the Lakers last night is that LeBron James is the Greatest of All Time.  So it was hard for them to adjust to that.
Ball-aholic::smartest? Kobrick is a bad shot artist. That's not smart. Ignoring your advantage in the front court is not smart. Turning the ball over and blaming your teammates is not smart.  Pump the breaks on that "smartest player in the NBA" title if you really want credibility.
twentyanite::we just cant get it done offensively. if kobe is not getting 30 or more we struggle to score. bynum has to finish more around the basket. no reason why he cant be shooting 60% from the field or better while takiing close range shots.  Gasol should also be in the mid 50% range shooting. we just dont score it enough. mike browns system doesnt help either. all of our games our ugly to watch and low scoring defensive struggles. i just dont like how we look.
nwguy69::Well just another Kobe Choke !! Won't be the last one either !!! 8 for 21 from the field !!! Maybe he should share with the rest of the TEAM !!! At least Gasol got to play with him tonight !! What a Joker Choker !!!!
BlkMexMamba2.0::LOL... are you happy about him choking?
sportsplex23::Point is you can't hate...kobe is amazing, just going to have to wait till next season. Heat look the best they have right now.
tgtg31::Ignorance on these boards is in FULL FORCE.  If we're going by stats, Oscar Robertson is hands down the best to ever play the game, not Jordan.  If we're going by rings, Robert Horry is better than Michael Jordan.  The only thing that matters is this.....if you had one game tonight to win, with everything on the line, would you take Lebron or would you take Kobe.  Exactly!!  I would too....every single time!!
Ball-aholic::I wouldn't take either player. LeBron won't shoot enough and kobrick either disappaers as he did against the Suns, or overshoots freezing everyone else out as he did against the Cetlics in 2010, game 7.  Unfortunately, your framing of the question still fails to lead people to agree with you which was clearly your intention. Now, that was a waste of time. In a late game situation, I'd rather have a player who has the ability to finish AND more importantly - make the right decision. Sometimes, shooting isn't the right decision which is why very few people know the truth on Kobe in the closing minutes instead of what's promoted as his great closing ability.  I'd take Chris Paul before either player. Just the facts which support the opinion. Calm down kid - message board anger is very childlike.
tgtg31::What are you talking about?  Jesus are there this many idiots on the board today.  Jordan's the best ever, I don't dispute that.  Go back and read the original question you Moron!  In fact, don't.  You're a waste of time
Ball-aholic::Phony message board anger is cute and old. If you were really upset, why have you been here continuing to post for an hour?  Kick rocks kid.
tbomber2::The ignorance is strong with YOU.  it is a combination of all factors that define a player.  if you combine stats with rings and personal accolades, with intangibles such as the ability to take over a game and will his team to a victory, jordan wins HANDS DOWN.
tbomber2::do you mean to say this year's lakers don't come close to the heat?  sure, i'll agree with that.
sportsplex23::I agree best all around all time is jordan best now is kobe but they don't come close to the heat this year.
tbomber2::where did i mention kobe or lbj?  im merely criticizing his oversimplification of how people determine who the best player is.
sportsplex23::you can't compare the two like that...how many years does kobe have on lbj???
tgtg31::What?  Of course Miami is a better team now than L.A.  Even Laker fans admit that.  90% of this board is talking about rings and stats and Kobe vs Lebron.   I'll rephrase the question, if Miami and L.A. played the again tonight but the title was on the line who would you take?
sportsplex23::Rematch anytime this season heat wins!
sportsplex23::Thats fine...but we are talking about this season...more likely to win it all kobe or heat?
sportsplex23::Exactly!!...every single time!! ha
-Lebron_James_6::LMAO LAKERS GOT OWNED WITHOUT WADE AND A SICK LEBRON
tbomber2::thats like bragging that you beat the wizards
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::but i guess you were right when you said..... the only way you can win is to NEVER STOP spamming this board
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Not mad and yeah i am arguing with you cause your replying back. earlier your talking $@%! to this guy with no response how many times you gonna post that dumb $@%! and dude aint even saying nothing back to you and your dumb posts
tbomber2::NO BUT YOU ARE!  BAHAHAHAHAHHHHHHHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH  <b>U MAD?</b>
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::you really took the time to argue with a spammer? for real? you can just flag it and leave it alone. the spammer is obviously copying and pasting, he isnt here to argue with you and i have yet to see him reply to any of your comments.
tbomber2::how about you admit that you were wrong, and apologize.  i suppose I shouldn't expect as much from a troll like you.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::I only come to the Heat board. Try to find any comments I have left on any other teams boards.... I'll wait.
tbomber2::thats the exact point i was making dummy
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::I've never been to an OKC board loser, so much for baseless accusations.
tbomber2::see above.
tbomber2::as for those 2 posts, I was addressing the spammer.  if you had bothered to do more than just read a single post and jump to an ignorant conclusion, you'd have seen that.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Not enough? Look at all your 7 posts that show up on this page.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Look at your 2 posts under this. Enough said.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::I see you in every Heat board talking useless crap and spamming mindless b/s.You need a better definition?
tbomber2::i can accuse people of being trolls too.  doesn't mean i'm right.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Im flattered.
tbomber2::^ my point exactly
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::^ my point exactly
tbomber2::herp derp just another heat troll
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::not really. wizards got the worst record. lakers don't. just another bulls troll
Dr.Killapatient...::OKA cannot say the same
tbomber2::later phaggot  (here it comes?)
