BRAY5150::Minnesota is garbage. Love is overrated
MinniWolves90::12-9 is not garbage. I would consider it above average. Heck, with the injuries we've battled through I'd consider it pretty good.
3M26K6::BACK ON TRACK!
popnlocke::Rubio would have been Rookie of the Year last year
100percenthustle::Rubio! Rubio! Rubio!
sk0dawgs::kevin love out, wolves win. shocking
sk0dawgs::also DWill having a good game... but i 100% believe the wolves are a better team w/o love.
eototalt::They aren't. It's called he is inconsistent after breaking his shooting hand. Give him time to find his touch again. Be real Derrick Williams is not better than Love. He needs to grow a lot, as well does Love.
azviking101::Ok, see you all later.
NoleEngineer::See you later AZ
NoleEngineer::Come on Buffalo and Steelers
azviking101::Please lose, Dallas
azviking101::Watch this video.  Sam Steele throws better than Ponder http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nMqvRPGtRzc
eototalt::Ponder is officially the luckiest human on the planet next to Justin Verlander who is dating Kate Upton
NoleEngineer::http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-fFxohWzJ5-E/UJsyvlxGkUI/AAAAAAAAAZs/-GjIyLvyK08/s1600/Samantha+Steele.jpg
azviking101::yeah.  smokin
NoleEngineer::I love watching college football, and she makes the viewing experience even better
azviking101::amazing arm, right?
NoleEngineer::Yep. :-( I want us to win the division  I m rooting for the Steelers tonight and then the Cowboys when they face the Redskins.
azviking101::so its the giants and seahawks in wild card right now with the vikes right outside
NoleEngineer::Amazing
NoleEngineer::LMAO
azviking101::I wish we had drafted Eric Decker.  He could be our top WR and his fiance could be our top cheerleader ;)
100percenthustle::He was a steal in the 3rd round... Also he was only 2 mil for 4 years
NoleEngineer::Ponder has a really HOT fiance   That $@%!$@% took her from me
eototalt::His fiance is a Vikings cheerleader?
NoleEngineer::HOLY SMOKES!!!!
eototalt::oh damn... lol
azviking101::no.  Jesse James.  http://www.google.com/imgres?um=1&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=N&amp;tbo=d&amp;authuser=0&amp;tbm=isch&amp;tbnid=hExxGEU1TGX9BM:&amp;imgrefurl=http://gossipteen.com/2009/06/06/jessie-james-%25E2%2580%259Csteve-madden%25E2%2580%259D-giveaway/&amp;docid=1EZm0Va-WPu90M&amp;imgurl=http://gossipteen.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/05/jessie-james-photos.jpg&amp;w=600&amp;h=905&amp;ei=Dz7OUKa9Ga-MigLVjoHAAw&amp;zoom=1&amp;iact=rc&amp;dur=192&amp;sig=117065081627434673019&amp;page=1&amp;tbnh=135&amp;tbnw=87&amp;start=0&amp;ndsp=42&amp;ved=1t:429,r:0,s:0,i:144&amp;tx=56&amp;ty=14&amp;biw=1517&amp;bih=714
azviking101::Who saw the Butler, Indiana game yesterday?
eototalt::I did, awesome!
NoleEngineer::I missed it. :-(  Apparently it was a really good game.
NoleEngineer::WOW. that's crazy   Awesome
azviking101::fricken amazing.  Walk on won the game cause 3 butler starters fouled out
eototalt::I honestly don't know who I love more... Adrian Peterson or Ricky Rubio?
NoleEngineer::I would trade Amare for Love in a heartbeat.
Sainthubbins56::If we do trade him to anyone we'd better get ten first rounders from a small market team and one big market superstar to replace him.
eototalt::I would only want Aldridge.
NoleEngineer::Amare is a good scorer and a lousy defender   Love is a good scorer and defender
eototalt::That is crazy talk
NoleEngineer::A happy Knicks fan for a change.
azviking101::hes a knick fan
azviking101::but i would not.
michaelton12::Two weeks from today, AD breaks the record and the Vikings beat the Packers at home.  How cool would that be?
azviking101::AD breaks the record and the Vikings beat the Packers at home to secure a playoff spot
amedy1::they better not trade pek we need to build this team around him rubio and love who you guys got to stop hating on hes having a bad month get off his back he brought back this franchise.
azviking101::Agreed  Pek is a beast.  I love the guy.  I also dont get the hate for Love.  He's still playing with an injured hand
eototalt::Adrian Peterson is not human...
NoleEngineer::What is the single season rushing record?  I think that Adrian is going to crush it the way he is running
azviking101::296 yards away from it
NoleEngineer::Oh wow.  He is going to put that record out of reach.  Incredible
eototalt::2105
azviking101::There is a dog that lives next door that looks exactly like your picture.  that dog is the devil
michaelton12::293 to go for AD!
NoleEngineer::WOO!
azviking101::YAH
azviking101::WOO!
Pusha Tonn::barehoop - In a 14 year span, we have Dirk, Yao, Ginobli, Tony Parker, Pau Gasol, AK47 as all-stars who never played college games in US. I don't think Scola was ever an all star. Who else? ------------- marc gasol was an all-star last year and he's a beast.. ricky rubio soon. Alexey Shved is playing great, Scola played good a lot of years, Nash is not from the US so count him too, also he was an allstar.  calderon is a good PG, Pek is one of the best centers in the nba, Batum, Varejao, Leandro barbosa was the 6th man fof the year averaging 18 pts per game, Nikola vucevic is playing good in orlando, Goran dragic is a good PG too, and what about Ibaka and tabo sefolosha (one of the best defenders in the NBA? all of them just from the top of my head. dude, there' s a LOT of european/interntional talent
eototalt::What Pusha said...
eototalt::I am sure Jon doesn't like you making dumb comments while using his name. We are not trading Love, and if you were on our board yesterday you would know that most of the people here including many of his critics agree  trading him would be stupid.
eototalt::If he is still like this a year from now I will agree with you, but people need to learn to be patient.
eototalt::You just have to be patient and let things play out. Thank God, you have no decision making power.
arenal11::http://hangtime.blogs.nba.com/2012/12/16/rubios-back-and-sos-his-magic/?ls=iref:nbahpt6b  watch adelman after pek's goaltending...he was pis.sed LOL
Conky Bubs::Nice return Ricky
The Rock 5.0::Gasol would be perfect for the Wolves
eototalt::lol
arenal11::Perfect in that he's hugely overpaid, old, declining game, and would deplete our deep team to acquire him? Not to mention we'd have to give up 2 young studs to get him.  No thanks.
DupeyJN::Marc, not Pau.
Bones Jones 69::Why? amundson is good enough at riding the bench.
arenal11::We need to give Pek an extension and now.  That will tell us how much money we'll have this off-season for Bud and to possibly re-sign Howard depending on how he plays the rest of the season as well as to realistically see what SG options are out there for the $ we have left.  On the plus side-Bud should be a cheaper sign now coming off an injury than he would've been otherwise.  I'm thinking something similar to Shved's contract, 3yrs at roughtly 3.5M/yr.
Bones Jones 69::The return on a love trade would be much more valuable than him being on this team
eototalt::Dude you seriously need to shutup!
arenal11::Wrong, his value is low right now...injured, not in the best shape, shooting slump, etc.  After this stretch of games, we have a very nice schedule for Love to heal, get into shape and regain his touch.  Come end of January we should be hitting on all cylinders and just waiting for Bud to get back.
arenal11::Not against some teams but against others and particularly in the PO's we will.  We have a back-up C, steimsma.  he's solid and will get better playing w/rubio.  He's 24, very young...he's staying for at least this year.  You don't trade a previous stud when he's injured and having a bad year.  duh.
Bones Jones 69::Wolves don't need him to win. If they can get a solid backup C and some first round picks for him the wolves would be much better off
BaskeballAcademy::http://basketballacademy.wordpress.com/
BaskeballAcademy::http://basketballacademy.wordpress.com/
BaskeballAcademy::http://basketballacademy.wordpress.com/
barehoop::Nothing racism, just an observation. How often do you see five white players from the same team playing in an NBA game, let alone playing OT?
arenal11::Pek, Shved, and Marc Gasol for starters. Calderon is a nice player, just on a horrible team.  Peja, Vlade, Sabonis....all solid players.  you want more? Plus the euro crop from this draft all look like they will become solid players.  All-Star or not, Scola was a very solid player w/solid numbers.  ASG is much more about popularity than who actually deserves to be there.
barehoop::In a 14 year span, we have Dirk, Yao, Ginobli, Tony Parker, Pau Gasol, AK47 as all-stars who never played college games in US. I don't think Scola was ever an all star. Who else?
arenal11::i think you'll see far more small market teams doing what the wolves have done...namely scouring europe for talented players as the studs here won't go to such small makets voluntarily.
arenal11::Wrong. Scola, Ginobli came at once.  AK re-emerged same time as Shved.  I think Mozgov will develop into something if given regular PT, he really should be the Nugs back-up C, not 3rd string.  There were quite a few solid players during the olympics.
barehoop::But international all-star caliber player appears like once every two years. :)
Bones Jones 69::Trade love. Williams is better for this team.
eototalt::You win the Dumb Comment of the Day Award
eototalt::A lot of people do actually. Nobody is taking you seriously.
Bones Jones 69::Dude you are the most subjective person on these boards. No one takes you seriously.
arenal11::Dude, its not happening.  simple as that.  get over it.  Love came back to early and now his game is suffering for it. After this stretch of games, we have a prettty good schedule for him to get healthy, get in shape and regain his touch.
arenal11::LOL, you think Love has more say than Adelman in personnel decisions? Pek isn't going anywhere, unless he demands a max deal, which he won't.  Those comments were much more about last years squad, not this years.  He was on record prior to that article stating he loves this current team.  don't believe all the rumors.  we're not making a huge trade this season, we are clicking, and such a trade would deplete our deep team.  Not as good hmm...he was awesome last year w/o the broken hand....he'll get back to that form.
Bones Jones 69::That is not my issue. if he is going to continue to say this team isn't good enough for him and ruin the chemistry by getting pek traded for some trash over the hill gasol or varejao then i don't want him on the team.  Also he isn't as good as people make him out to be.
MinniWolves90::Explain yourself
Bones Jones 69::Cheaper. More of a team player. Much better athlete. And has showed that given enough playing time and confidence he can light in up.
Undisputed Heavyweight World Champion::Damn. 9 assists in 18 minutes? That's a very successful return for Rubio.   When will they bring him back into the starting lineup?
arenal11::Not until January, he'll be on a mpg limit until then and won't play back-backs for at least 2wks.  there is no way they are going to rush him back.
MinniWolves90::OLE! OLE! OLE! OLE! Ricky looked phenomenal!!
swankyCHICAGOfan::I hope D-Rose comes back soon, and feels 100% as well
arenal11::Bulls would be much smarter to have tanked the season, gotten a high pick, and moved forward with a solid young nuclues of Noah, Rose, and that player.  Boozer needs to go, allowing them to pursue a stud FA w/that money and talent they would have.
Not A Wolves Fan::same..he can feel 80% vs the wolves though : D
Crosbytown::Love the Wolves - but I think some people here may be getting a little carried away.  Tough week of games coming up - let's see what the chatter is like after this week Up and coming team - for sure; Playoff's - no doubt; "deepest team in the league" "as good as anybody" - maybe getting a little carried away there
arenal11::we have to beat Orlando and then win at least one of the following three...I'm hoping Melo is still out when we play the NYK or at least AK is ready to go with Howard healthy to back him-up.
eototalt::Nobody is getting carried away when they say the Wolves are the deepest team in the league. How many teams could be above 500 when missing half their team and most of their best players?
eototalt::You are a moron.
Mr. Bradford::You mistaked "deepest" for "whitest".
Tylers2988::Rubio is awesome.
westsidestory87::I am happy to see the wolves chemistry blending in their gameplay. They are a threat. Greetings from a Clipper fan.
Baseline Move::25% shooting.  Shocking.
arenal11::yeah imagine that, not being able to really shoot for 9mo  b/c of surgery and his shot isn't stellar his first game back.  I'll take that 25% with 9 assists, and 3 steals in 18mins.
eototalt::he barely shot.
The Power of Love 42::100% Winning.
wunderrr::i'm a neutral NBA fan and Twolves are the most fun team to watch this season. Very deep team, every player contributes... Cant get enough of the amazing teamplay they bring up. Euro Style on NBA level
Brent6253::When everyone is healthy, the wolves may be the deepest team in the league.....GO WOLVES!!!
ibnfrey::Go Wolves! :)
FatCat_00::Love goes 3-17 and they still win .... He goes 4-18 and they still win ...He doesnt play and they still win .... He needs to shut up and play   you're not as good as you think
nssaboy0::I think we're better without Kevin Love.
Bhens87::Love regardless of how he is shooting is still a terrific rebounding maybe the best in the league.  I do agree though that Love isn't quite as great as he thinks he is needs to start moving on offense and making some shots.
whosyourdiddy51::Not  true, the Wolves are better with Love but he isn't  as important to this team as he thinks. They can win without him.
JaRoNiZoU::Stupidest comment I've heard in awhile.
CaptainObvious20122012::Totally ridiculous.
Blake52908::Where are you Kobe the Gloat !!!
Jamie 1144::No love = win!
Not A Wolves Fan::Happy birthday Shveddy!
Minnysota Vikings::These trade rumors involving Varejao are scaring me. Why would we trade for him? You know we'd have to give up Pek to get him, and I think Pek is better than Varejao (along with being 4 years younger). Either go after a SG or don't make a move at all, Kahn.
eototalt::I don't think there is any truth to them
The Power of Love 42::Varejao is complete GARBAGE. Peko is a BEAST. Why would we EVER do that trade.
Brent6253::totally agree, there is no reason to shake this lineup up. All the pieces are fairly young. Let them grow together.
whosyourdiddy51::I agree, Pek must stay. Not only is he a great player but his work ethic is contagious. Trading him would harm team chemistry IMO.
razzledazzletj81::PEK must stay.
Minnysota Vikings::I agree. Pek, Rubio, AK47, and Shved should be untouchable.
knoxsouthy01::Rubio's the most electrifying point guard in the league. His ability to get others involved is amazing.
Plargo::Yeah but but but all the euro haters said he was soft and would never cut it in the NBA - despite his blazing speed, off the charts Ball IQ, and incredible passing ability.  Where are all those clowns now?
