Cyril::The sleeved jerseys were designed as a marketing ploy because they thought people would be more willing to wear them in public if they looked more like regular t-shirts.  That is not just my opinion, that is an actual statement made by the NBA. Jersey sales were down, so they were looking for a way to give them more mass appeal and make them more versatile for the fans.  Judging from 90% of the comments I have read from fans, I doubt they'll be flying off the shelves any time soon.
fernando::+Jenny, you are wrong about Griffin, yes he is in the middle of stuff all the time, because he is so strong they attack him severely trying to slow him down...watch the replays to see that HE got elbowed and didnt retaliate in the first case, and did not merit a T in the second incident either!  don't be such a hater, the kid is playing hard and not dirty!
Papa Sixer::I watched the game tonight -- Refs were too diplomatic, and the Warriors played them that way.   Not sure why Griffin got the T earlier, but Bogut played it out by grabbing Griffin's jersey and getting in a shoving match, which got them both in trouble. In that case if you're going to toss Griffin (for defending himself), toss Bogut as well since he initiated it and got a flagrant.  REFs made some BAD calls. Since they had the benefit of replay, they should have corrected it.  Hope this stuff gets reviewed and these refs get dinged for it.  The Clippers were robbed, and I'm a resident of San Jose, it was that obvious.
Kadak_Chai::NBA - NO BRAINS ASSOCIATION  #1. They decide that it's best if the Pacers and the Blazers (team w/ the best records) don't play on Christmas. Great idea, idiots.  #2. Let's change the jerseys so everything is different... woooooo. Another dumb idea.  #3. 9 out of 10 times, ONE player starts a fight, not TWO; therefore, GIVE THE TECHNICAL FOUL TO THE RIGHT PLAYER!!. Everyone talks about it! Why punish two people b/c of one persons crime?  #4. Thumbs up if you're happy David Stern the moron is leaving the nba!!   - Great game guys.... - Pacer fan.
David::Warriors might try to spread out the defense. Move the ball around the perimeter. Then when the Clippers are getting anxious enough to try a steal (almost anytime lately), have the guy receiving the ball cut to the hoop behind the defender. The defender is leaning forward; and the Warrior is free to drive or shoot behind him.
4life::Question?  Does anyone know if the teams are going to continue to wear these uniforms?
Princess Luna::I would really like it if the home team played with more intensity tonight. Neither of the home teams looked good today and tonight.
Esteban::Dear Chris Paul,  I have been a Clippers fan for over 20 years and I'm glad you're on the team. But please, when someone makes a clean block on you and gets all ball, quit whining to the referees.  You make the game of basketball a joke when you do this, and it makes you and the Clippers look bad.
hchiutx::Unbelievable block of Paul's layup attempt at the end!
brian::love how clippers fans are saying the warriors flop when their team is the biggest floppers in the NBA, how the refs sucked when their team gets more non foul calls then any other team in the NBA, how the warriors players/coaches are dirty when they have the dirtiest players/coaches in the NBA, how the warriors are classless when they are the least classiest team in the NBA.
