Bryant Uyam::Bulls are streak busters! They just broke Bobcat's losing streak, heat's winning streak, and knicks winning streak last season then they broke pacer's winning streak,jazz losing streak and cavs losing streak this season!!
Trevor Hennington::That's kind of amusing.
Rob Borders::Bryant, that is funny
David Williams::kyrie is the one the cavs should trade he is a ball hog
Taylor Manes::*claps* good job chicago keep tanking for jabari I really don't wanna go to the playoffs I just want jabari we need him....BAD.....why go to the playoffs if we're going to get shutdown by Miami...next season we will be ready
Will McCoy::they aren't tanking....and the east is so bad that if the front office doesn't trade deng we are still going to a middle seed playoff team..i would like us to miss the playoffs too
Trevor Hennington::I wish Deng would go back to being the Deng I know and hate, missing wide open jumpers, and jacking 3s like hes Ray Allen.
Taylor Manes::Will McCoy ikr..being a bulls fan for  21 years been a fan since 3 lol I never in my life have said that we need to tank..but boy I tell you WE NEED TO TANK...they  going have good players in the draft next year....and I hope parker  decides to go into the draft and we have a record so bad and trade players so we can get him..we need to rebuild this is our chance..
Will McCoy::Seriously the fact the Thibs never plays the young guys (Butler last year and Snell now) unless their is a injury seriously makes me question his coaching ability when it comes to roster management.  Snell is balling....and Jimmy was balling last year as soon as they got mins...and he keeps these guys buried on the bench
Joe Brooks::He has NO management ability. Never has.
Adam Youman::heres the thing tho...jimmy was not quite ready his first year. he developed by watching and learning from the starters. thibs lets his rookies develop the first year and has em comin out swinging the next. sure snell is good but his game needs some polishing. thibs makes great defensive players. never question his judgement!!
Prince Donald::Will McCoy correct
Adam Youman::Wow. Now that was an entertaining game. Sure we lost but to see Tony Snell, the first rookie under Thibbs to start, drop 18 points during pressing moments shows alot of promise. Great job Bulls we'll get em next time!
Jeremy Richter::i fail to see how kyrie is the next big star in this league, sure he scores but he shoots very low percentage. espn just gives him the carmelo, kobe, and monte ellis treatment
Adam Youman::Alex Doub and what about durant? or lebron lol do they not get special treatment? if you prove yourself to be a star you get special treatment. they earned it in a way
David Kenneth Johnson::I can understand why you would fail to see when you compare these players.
Donna Kelly::Irving got reamed on ESPN couple days ago, full column treatment of negatives (Brian Windhorst, I believe the ESPN reporter.)  Watch Irving--he blew the Boston game in opening minutes.  Kept the ball an average of 17 seconds before getting tied up, turn over the next trip, 4 seconds left on shot clock third time, etc.  Never passed.  Hog.
Denniz Rodman::Now its Hinrich vs Irving...let's see how this "media hyped superstar" fare against Captain Kirk.
Chelo Mejias::Only other player besides Kyrie Irving to average at least 21 points and 6 assists is Lebron James Media Hyped? lol
Donna Kelly::too funny.  7-21 from the field, 1-6 from the line SEVENTEEN MISSES!  You could score a measly inflated 21 if you 25 total shots!   And who called him a ball hog?  Oh yeah, Waiters TWO TOTAL MISSES!  PLAYED A QUARTER LESS THAN IRVING!  AND MORE POINTS - 20
Chelo Mejias::Donna Kelly   You seem to be an avid Kyrie hater, probably because he banged you and didn't remember who you were a month later. Many players jack up shots..look at rudy gay..i don't see you attacking him
Michael Shen::Wow cavs leading by double digits!! Go Cavs. I feel bad for you chicago... really i do, hope u guys get a nice pick this year and come back. D rose was my favorite player before kyrie~~
Denniz Rodman::why feel bad?
Michael Shen::You guys lost Rose`~ aren't you sad about that?
Ravi Mahalingam::Dion Waiters for coach of the year?  He had the guts to call out the team's star player and Waiters has backed up his words with some good performances on the court.
Ñassèr Ñastìíx::Andrew Bynum & Dion Waiters played great tonight , great team defense & ball movement , CJ miles was a boost tonight too . time to turn the season around ! Go Cavs !
Eric Ross::Where are all The Bulls Fans?  They were burning up the message boards in the off-season and now *crickets*.
Will Snedden::On the Blackhawk boards because we go to where we are winning. And yes, I'm a Chicago fan (but hate all the bandwagons who have showed up the last 6 years)
Jeremy Massey::Kyrie has been a total disappointment this season so far. They need to have him on the trading block instead of Waiters.
Christian Ramon Galarza::Trippin
Steve Broome::The more I watch Kyrie play the more I understand the alleged problem he and Waiters have.
Michael Repko::JESUS CHRIST!! make the f'n tip shot either Noah or Boozer!!! How do you miss that! Noah is useless this year plain and simple! How do you lose like this to a 4-12 team???? Big problems ahead if you struggle this bad!!!
Joshua Edmonds::You act as if they won by 40 the Bulls are 2-8 Away that's not saying much
Steven Censored::Haaa!! How you like getting pinked by Bynum in CLEVELAND crying noah!!
Steven Censored::Punked* f#ck auto correct!!
Lu Kane::Looks like Teague is officially in the dog house. Time for who....mike james to shine
Trevor Hennington::I never in my life thought Id be happy to see Mike James play, but today is that day.  I hope Teague is gone for good.
Adam Youman::Trevor Hennington i like teague he is really quick. he still has potential. i mean yea hes been really cold lately but at least hes shooting, causing the D to guard him. mike james did nothing but pass the ball around....whatever neither are any good
Chris Mathis::Bulls lost to my Cavs? HAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!! You guys officially SUCK!
Trevor Hennington::Did you forget they lost to the lowly Jazz already?  This is nothing.
Chris Mathis::Trevor Hennington  They did? wow. ha!
Steven Censored::Andrew Bynum and Waiters!!! Silence the haters!!
Brandon Tigues::can we call kyrie irving what he really is? a sg playing the point
George Chip Thayer::Don't talk about my boy like that.  Your tone is all wrong.   He IS Uncle Drew.
Taylor Manes::True just like derrick rose is a sg sf c pf four in one..he acts bigger than he really is...and he acts like that because he has no help on the team  was born that way .kyrie on the other hand is just a ballhogger...hes like melo and kobe ...have good players  on the team but don't wanna pass the ball...even if he's missing alot of shots.
Brandon Tigues::George Chip Thayer  lmao
Ryan Hastings::If Kyrie took less shots, the Cavs would win more games.
MiQuel Carniel::Bynum healthy is a game changer
Donna Kelly::Kyrie:  39 minutes, 19 points, 19 total shot misses. Yes, you read that right.  19 total shot misses Dion:   29 minutes, 20 points, 2 shot misses.  Yes, you read that right.   Kyrie scored fewer points, played and extra full quarter, and missed 17 more shots than Dion Waiters.  SEVENTEEN MORE MISSES! AYFKM???  PS:  I love you Kyrie.  signed, Mike Brown kiss, kiss, kiss
Prince Donald::competitive tanking is acceptable imo... b/c if the bulls cant beat cavs, jazz they prob shouldnt be in playoffs or wasting our time with these continuous later in the round 1st round picks that thibs wont play for two years or unless he's run the rest of the team ragged
James Incredible-Jackson::Cavs pull off another win despite Uncle Drew's horrendous play. Meanwhile Waiters is proving why he should NOT be on the trading block.
John Osaki Jr.::With Derek Rose out for the season,check out Rose in the new edition 2013 book NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players on Amazon.com
