Ron Erick::heat sux
Titans_ are_ Oilers::<sub>test</sub>
Titans_ are_ Oilers:::)-
Titans_ are_ Oilers:::)
Titans_ are_ Oilers::;)
Titans_ are_ Oilers:::(
Titans_ are_ Oilers::;(
Titans_ are_ Oilers::")
Titans_ are_ Oilers::')
Titans_ are_ Oilers:::(
Titans_ are_ Oilers::;(
Titans_ are_ Oilers::;)
BigBadLakers420::Playing in the east is like playing in a high school tournament! It's no wonder why the Heat have 22 straight!
standonstop::LeBron James’ insane no-foul six-game streak has finally come to an end after 27 quarters of basketball. The three-time MVP finally committed a foul on Serge Ibaka during Miami’s Christmas Day show down against the OKC Thunder. James was called for the foul as he tried to block a dunk attempt by Ibaka early in the first quarter.
bostonhater200::Another win for the refs and the cHeat.
KOBRICK IS A WATERED DOWN REPLICA OF MJ::^^^
milw-jay::Lets see the Heat win 72 games in a season.  Then Ill be impressed.    -  Michael Jordan
_Norris_Cole::I was called of bandwagon fan by a Lakers fan!
Heat Haters United::Heat fans call people haters and act like they lovers like hippies but yet they hate on Knicks, lakers, celtics, bulls, and Jordan lol. Heat fans are great haters   lol @ Heat fans
the password is what::Well, they should win all the rest of their games if they can keep the refs wearing heat jersey's...lol
ryyyang::Like my comment if you're a bandwagon fan!  LOL.  (it's a joke)
Heat Haters United::90% of heat fans should like this lol
random NBA lover::F you haters
Saints8365::Chris Broussard: My Sources tell me their has been an increase in fans since Miami has started winning.
World B. Xxpensive::"Inside NBA sources tell me attendance goes up in the NBA when you win games."
Saints8365::"NBA sources tell me Lebron likes the nickname "king"
Saints8365::Heat fans have to admit, out of your fan base, roughly 40% are Lebron fans.
World B. Xxpensive::Wow, interest rising when the team is good ... alert the media.
Saints8365::LOL
World B. Xxpensive::You can be his 'source' !
Saints8365::Ok. I'll tell Chris Broussard
GruDeN_GrinDeR::Heat had fans prior to 2010?
Saints8365::Few, but not as many as we seen recently.
World B. Xxpensive::43% of all statistics are made up on the spot.
World B. Xxpensive::Well if I won Powerball I'd have a luxury box because the money wouldn't even mean anything .... but as long as it's a matter of making choices, NBA fell off my list.
Saints8365::Yea. Money tight these days. Well for me anyway lol
World B. Xxpensive::Had tix for over a decade ... cut it loose, the product quality in the league just fell too far, not worth that money any more.
Saints8365::I understand, but I can't afford it. But I try not to miss everygame
World B. Xxpensive::As far as I'm concerned, a 'fan base' is the people paying the money.
Saints8365::Kids watching tv, people who just root for the team who's winning, etc.
World B. Xxpensive::If you mean kids watching on TV, maybe ... people ponying up season ticket money, not so much.
Saints8365::60% of the NBA fanbase are bandwagoners
GruDeN_GrinDeR::If the Heat don't win the title this yr, they'll go down as one of the biggest disappointments in NBA history  It'll be the equivalent of the 07 Pats going 16-0 n losing in the SB or the 01 Sea Mariners going 116-46 and losing in the ALCS  All I'm saying this streak means nothing if they don't win it all
World B. Xxpensive::The streak already means nothing, the regular season is an 82-game exhibition before we can cut loose the crap teams and have a season that means something.
THEMVIKINGZ::100% fact:   Enjoy this Miami, because your team will NEVER again be as good as they are right now. They are peaking.   For the rest of us... it is good news, because your downward spiral is just around the corner.
World B. Xxpensive::Well, that's one way it could happen.  The other is that as long as the stars are in their prime, the franchise will just keep plugging in the role players around them that like to join up with a good team ..... the way the Lakers and Celtics always have.
ryyyang::this from a vikings fan.  must be from experience after Moss left you guys.  hahahaha.
ryyyang::And liking your own status is a FAIL.
ryyyang::sorry that my packers (13 world champions) beat your viking"z" every year.  keep taking our scrub players.  LOL.  Actually, I'm a huge Greg Jennings fan.  hate to see him go.  Dang....you looked so cute though, in that unbuttoned jeans shirt.
THEMVIKINGZ::And please stop private messaging me asking me out, it is only an avatar pic. If I see Andre the Giants lil brother, I'll try and hook you two up.
THEMVIKINGZ::I actually live in Cali and am a lifelong Lakers fan (38 years). We got 16 titles there lil guy. Lebrick has *1 (shortened season).   Sorry for hurting your feelings.
Stork Labram::nobody is going to take them down, to the limit
Saints8365::Boston and Indiania beg to differ.
Saints8365::Why to the Right it says Miami "Exposes" Rudy Gay?  Rudy did a damn near good Job against the Heat
Saints8365::I wish people would stop trying to Comapre Lebron to Kobe
BoWendy McHardie Bugers::Kobe had way harder competition to get by cause even Jordan was still playing.
World B. Xxpensive::But of course, using a team stat to compare individuals is a waste of time.
Saints8365::Yea.
Cleveland_Crunch_MUFC::like the greatest said, 5 beats 1  and kobe im his prime &gt;lebron. it was a way tougher league then too
Saints8365::And Like both they knew they needed help and left. Kobe just did it quicker.
World B. Xxpensive::Kobe in Charlotte would have gotten as many rings as Lebron got in Cleveland ...
Saints8365::Don't start it up LOL
Cleveland_Crunch_MUFC::nba re g season streak of 22 games and against the raptors. has to be the best story in sports history. when is the 30 for 30?
GruDeN_GrinDeR::As great as this Heat team has been, they wouldn't do anything against the great teams of the 80's n 90's  They're a product of playing in an atrociously weak Eastern Conference and the overall level of competition in the league isn't what it was back then  Bulls 72-10 mark in 96 is far more impressive given the era that they played in
bcbunley89::And who cares what they would've done back then other than u?  Exactly
bcbunley89::Oh but I was.  Those Lakers or Celtics have nothing to do with whats goin on right now.  Stop living in the past lame.....those days are over.
GruDeN_GrinDeR::U weren't even born to watch Showtime Lakers or Bird's Celts  Stop trolling man
bcbunley89::I know all about it.  U come on here and bring up bull that has nothing to do with now.  Absolutely nothing to do with now.  Games are for kids like u.  Ill just stick to playing for real, something you've never even done in ur own driveway.  Goodbye clown
GruDeN_GrinDeR::Exactly b/c you're an 8 yr old that knows nothing about the history of the game  Keep playing your NBA2K u troll
World B. Xxpensive::Although I think the NBA product in general was better then, I think it's exaggeration to say this team wouldn't be competitive.  It has top stars at the core, good role players, commitment to defense ... could they beat Bird's Celtics or Showtime?  I think they'd give them a good series.
World B. Xxpensive::Of those teams, only the Bulls never lost to *somebody*.
GruDeN_GrinDeR::Not saying they won't be competitive, but they wouldn't beat Magic's Lakers, Bird's Celts or Jordan's Bulls for sure
bcbunley89::"Wade made Lebron and Bosh cause before they were even on the Heat they were good talent but didnt get anywhere."  Yet LeBron is the reason the Heat are defending champs huh???  Goodbye clown
BoWendy McHardie Bugers::The players we talk about today are going to be obsolete one day just like all the old school players even though they had a good legacy.
BoWendy McHardie Bugers::Lets just say any player in their prime can compete but age takes a toll on everyone
BoWendy McHardie Bugers::Wade cant do that now because he is getting older but in his prime you dont thank he could of kept up with Durant you d.u.m.b.a.s.s.
bcbunley89::He aint in his prime anymore....therefore he cant carry anybody.  So how can he win without them again???  Explain since u so smart......lame a.s.s.
BoWendy McHardie Bugers::shut yo $@% up bruh Wade won a title without em so why cant he do it again
bcbunley89::Cause he cant get by Durant without LeBron....but I bet a d.u.m.b.a.s.s. like u thinks he can huh?  I bet a d.u.m.b.a.s.s. like u thinks Shaq taking on ALL the double teams during that title run had nothing to do with Wade doing what he did huh??  You got no business talkin bout basketball.
Heat Haters United::Iverson &gt; lebron
ryyyang::Marbury &gt; Iverson.  LOL.
FANALYST99::Remember when LeBron carried the Cavs to the Finals v San Antonio???  Yeah, they were swept in 4, but he carried an average team to the big dance. Something Kobe couldn't do.
bcbunley89::And they need to stop that mess too!!!!
Saints8365::Thats all Lebron fans do is bring up the stat sheet.
bcbunley89::LeBron was double and triple teamed the ENITRE series.  Get outta the stat sheet and be fair.
Saints8365::Lebron didn't do much in that Finals series either
bcbunley89::LMAO!!!!!!!!!!!!  They were scrubs.....and it showed in the Finals!!!!!
Saints8365::They were not scrubs. They were decent role players.
bcbunley89::Dont give those scrubs around him any props.  They were far from average.
World B. Xxpensive::Lebron drags mediocre teams to the Finals.  Kobe drags them to trade talks.
ryyyang::There's some truth to that.  If Wade didn't accept the "lesser" role LeBron wouldn't have gone to where he is right now.  But I think the big thing is, just playing with Wade lets LeBron do the things he couldn't do in Cleveland because he doesn't have that pressure on him anymore.  I'm not saying Wade MADE LeBron, just allowed him to be this good.
FANALYST99::I couldn't care less about a regular season win streak. Just give me 16 total in the playoffs.
World B. Xxpensive::Really, the record the Heat should be after is the Sixers' 4-5-4 postseason.
Saints8365::Even against a weak conference, Heat would get mad respect if they do that.
Heat Haters United::I think the heat goal is to beat the lakers record but they just not telling anyone  Thankfully by  mentioning this the heat will lose soon lol
Saints8365::To be honest with you, I wouldn't care if they get it or not. Good for them if they do though.
Heat Haters United::I dont want them to get anything. I hate the heat lol
aufan3211::Pacers beat the Heat in 7
Saints8365::It has begun
BoWendy McHardie Bugers::Wade made Lebron and Bosh cause before they were even on the Heat they were good talent but didnt get anywhere.
BoWendy McHardie Bugers::get outta here with that. I didn't know u could predict the future if so then yea i go with the Heat.
BoWendy McHardie Bugers::It would be a shame for them to get all these wins an then end up losing in the finals leaving the looking like the Buffalo Bills of basketball.
bcbunley89::Since that wont happen......quit trollin.
18jbryant23::thats the dumbest thing i've ever heard, LBJ lead the Cavs, ill repeat, the CAVS to the best record in the NBA and to the finals, before he was ever even 25. Thats insane! they all compliment each other greatly and is why the joined tg.
BoWendy McHardie Bugers::shouldn't u be posting about the lakers get outta here
FANALYST99::LMAO
Saints8365::I'll drink to that.
Eagle Eye G.I. Joe::Props to the Heat for an incredible run -- reminds me of the Lakers in the mid-80s....them winning was just a foregone conclusion.  Sux for Spoelstra, though; he'll never get the credit he deserves for this because of LBJ.
FANALYST99::All this winning the Heat have been doing is sure to get under the skin of our East foes. Playoffs will be epic. #Can'tW8 (Bart Scott Voice)
fullyfullofit::The Laker team that won 33 in a row would beat the Heat by about 20.
ryyyang::not quite.  they literally have no one that can guard Wade or LeBron.  There's no chance.
300ZXTT88::That laker team wouldnt make the playoffs in todays game. Just like this years garbage lakers.
FANALYST99::I like that we're playing through Wade more and allowing LeBron to crash the boards and distribute the ball. It seems our scoring out put is at a max and the defense is more balanced that way, especially when the roll guys and bench are playing so well. Keep it up Heat!
BoWendy McHardie Bugers::People claim they Heat fans just because their winning but where were you when they want making noise. So get off the bangwagon.
ryyyang::I was cheering for tim hardaway, glen rice and zo.  where were you?
300ZXTT88::Learn how to spell ya democrat!!
Macb123::Charlotte will beat them
ryyyang::When Lebron dominates games, you get depressed. When you get depressed, you attend self-esteem seminars. When you attend self-esteem seminars, you become overly confident. When you become overly confident, you lose your life savings in Vegas. When you lose your life savings in Vegas, you move into your mom's basement. When you move into your mom's basement, you become a Lebron troll. DON'T BECOME A LEBRON TROLL!!!
Lebroncouldcareless::LMAO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Lebroncouldcareless::LOOKS LIKE THE HEAT ARE PLAYING VERY WELL!!  LMAO
Lebroncouldcareless::IT'S NOT ENOUGH BALLS TO GO AROUND THIS TEAM WILL  HATE EACHOTHER LOL!!!!  WRONG AGAIN
Lebroncouldcareless::DAMN I THOUGHT LEBRON WADE AND BOSH WOULDN'T BE ABLE   TO PLAY TOGETHER!!! HA HA
argenis fradique::The Heat will be extra motivated because the Old C's had to spout off earlier this week. They might have caught the Heat uninterested but they couldn't help themselves. Maybe they will be impressed tonight when they get thumped!!  If the Heat have a chance to pour it on it will be most fun. Love to see the Heat up 30 with only Heat fans left in that arena middway thru the 4th.
ryyyang::I hope ray allen hits the game winner over avery bradley.  that'd be great!!!
Docker2.o::Funny how every team is going through injuries except the Heat with all the running and jumping they do. HGH really is a wonder drug.
Docker2.o::The east  is like Gloria James, it really sucks.
ryyyang::another heat hater.  it's ok.  lol.  your team might win the championship some day.....when LeBron stops playing.  hahahahaha.
ryyyang::at least you're honest.  so are the spurs and thunder using PEDs too?  or is it that the east just sucks besides the heat?
Docker2.o::Knick fan here and we suck fair and square. If we used PED's, we'd be leading the east also.
MI61761::Reports are saying that KG may not play tonight. As much as I would never count Boston out, it's a VERY tall order to beat this Heat team right now with only one star on the court.
ryyyang::KG will be missed cuz he's their defensive leader.
Lebroncouldcareless::STERN DOESN"T LIKE THE HEAT  LOL!!! STOP MAKING EXCUSES
