mackfactor::WTF Gerald Green?! WHY CAN'T YOU BE MORE CONSISTENT?!
jlarson1234::Great way to end the regular season, Pacers. Losing three straight to end the season. Great momentum.....
malkit32::$@%! pacers i wanted you to win 50 games
irishpotatohead::Freaking Sixers can't even tank right. Seat your best players and you still win.
YOURE A TOWEL::See ya! Thanks for nothing!
Teamchipkelly::Sixers need to clean house like the eagles just did!!!!
iownamicrowave::These are some weird looking grapes.
wwolf::Perfect finish for the 6ers. They don't even know how to tank right.
Blazelover13::Tank for WHAT? A mediocre draft pick? Forget that. I'd rather they finish strong and actually have pride than purposely lose. You're pathetic.
Rexanilatorz::The Hawks-Pacers Game 1 Conversation Board is up!!!   http://scores.espn.go.com/nba/conversation?gameId=400459777
Naminus_James415286::Draft your nba team:  http://tinyurl.com/nba-free-challenge1
mackfactor::Pass.
PHLYGUY555::Good luck pacers and thank you sixers for the season....i know this wont happen but i can dream....im hoping lakers drop kobe and kobe and phil jackson come to philly....i kno....funny aint it???
Diggin-Tyler::Kobe may be damaged goods?
Rexanilatorz::SA and OKC and Pacers are 3 of the series that are on sunday not sure the other series
Diggin-Tyler::Rexanilatorz in Atlanta you are correct sir.
Area55andG2::Well look on the bright side folks... no wasted 40 year old fanboys from Chicago are coming to Bankers Life
DBrownDrose::we still going
Area55andG2::I guess that would make sense if their drunk.
Rexanilatorz::DBrownDrose - we still going  Welcome to the Pacers bandwagon
yellowdart24::Just heard in post game interview with Vogel pacers play Sunday but don't know time
yellowdart24::Definitely don't want the last east coast game (7ish I think) and the first game at 1 is on abc so no way pacers play on at 1
yellowdart24::Sry I have a little off. First game on Sunday is at 1PM on TNT then second game is in fact on ABC at 3:30 then the rest at 7 and 10:30 on TNT. With that i'd say pacers play at 1 or 7
Rexanilatorz::I thought the games on Saturday were on ABC/ESPN and the Sunday games on TNT??
Rexanilatorz::Yes they will announce time soon if i had to guess it would be like 4:30 the 3rd game on Sunday
Diggin-Tyler::That's False. Update 10:48pm  - I stand corrected.
Diggin-Tyler::They are like winners of the last 17 of 15 over the Pacers or something crazy like that though.
Rexanilatorz::Diggin-Tyler - We beat them them the last time we played them.  Read it again we have lost 11 straight games in Atlanta
Rexanilatorz::I'm pretty sure it isn't he is the Pacers beat writer
Diggin-Tyler::We beat them them the last time we played them.
Rexanilatorz::Pacers will host the Hawks in Game 1 at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Sunday. Start time is TBD
iownamicrowave::really its sunday? so much for me watching it.
Diggin-Tyler::Winwood concert?
Rexanilatorz::there is 4 games on saturday and 4 games on sunday
Area55andG2::that soon?
Area55andG2::In all seriousness, the Pacers couldn't have finished out the season any worse.
Diggin-Tyler::I thought this game was a good moral booster for the bench.
JDynastyGettinBuckets::wow so if the Celtics played yesterday vs Indiana and won, then Indiana would be 4th seed no?
iownamicrowave::no
Area55andG2::It goes down to the division winner
JDynastyGettinBuckets::how? Brooklyn has the season series advantage don't they?
Diggin-Tyler::Alex58594 &lt; Olsen Twinn
rk6326::I feel bad for him....not
yellowdart24::If you said this team would win 49 games with a 4-6 start I'd would have taken that in a heart beat. If you said this team would have 48 wins with 6 games left and asked would I take 50 wins gauranteed or try for more I'd have said I want more... Damn I wanted 50 wins
RZA_CONSOLE::ha nice shot moultrie
Flyguys623thoooo::imma miss you doug
RZA_CONSOLE::wasn't doug's fault - team doesn't have a superstar
bluedevils1148::YOU DON'T NEED A SUPERSTAR. Just good players.
Diggin-Tyler::Follow him on twitter.
Non-sequitur::49-32 what a let down indiana
Rexanilatorz::lol go troll somewhere else
Diggin-Tyler::I'm proud of these guys.
TheOneAndOnlyKR::Well hopefully Green has found some confidence for the playoffs, we sure could use him.
Diggin-Tyler::oooooooohhhhhhhhhhh
bruce8101::bucks just beat the thunder. wow
bruce8101::I know but the thunder can win with out durant
Rexanilatorz::duh you do realize everybody is resting there star players?
Rexanilatorz::BEN HANSBROUGH CAREER HIGH!
Non-sequitur::Nothing has been the same since beating the clippers a few weeks back
Non-sequitur::1-5 in their last 6. WTF Indy
Diggin-Tyler::Ben&gt;LeBron
Diggin-Tyler::Ben again.
Dale MF Davis::wizards came back, knicks  still have a healthy lead
TheOneAndOnlyKR::Ive seen more from Ben Hans in this game then ive see outta DJ all year.
Rexanilatorz::Ben Hansbrough is a magician
Stevencano::Why isn't thaddeus young playing?
Rexanilatorz::Just got here and how did Gerald Green get an assist?? Did the ball like fall out of his hands and fall into the hands of a teammates?
iownamicrowave::I think it's a typo
TheOneAndOnlyKR::So Pacers vs Hawks whats your prediction Pacer fans?  I say Pacers in 6.
bruce8101::Pacers in 5
Diggin-Tyler::Sounds legit.
Rexanilatorz::Pacers in 5
Dale MF Davis::Whats up with turners beard lol
bluedevils1148::Can Jrue at least go back in so we don't end the season with an L? I mean I know I'd be fitting but still....
RZA_CONSOLE::does jrue really need to rest lol  get his a$$  off the bench......dude's got the whole summer
phillyman08::this was a 24 point game when i turned off the tv. what the hell?!?!?
Diggin-Tyler::Ben over Augie, The answer.
Non-sequitur::its sad how fast indy went from biggest contender vs. miami to possible 1st rd exit
Diggin-Tyler::It's sadder how you made it here.
Dale MF Davis::Pendergraph should of done his signature double front flip
Nicholas44937::woww lol
Dale MF Davis::Green is such a tease ;)
Rexanilatorz::GERALD GREEN 32 POINTS
RZA_CONSOLE::does the pacer's coach resemble the rutger's ex-coach?
Nicholas44937::Little Hansbrough is playing like he wants minutes in playoffs. Don't see him getting any though
Diggin-Tyler::Ben is a beast.
RZA_CONSOLE::lol
