SpartanFan4evr23::Where's the 250k fine, Stern?
STLSwag23::104-70 lol
revenge_Of_WHITECHILI::s
Johnny B Goode 2001::Wow, Miami's bench absoultely sucks!  And all the Heatless fans keep talking about how much better their bench is this year.  Must have been non-existent last year.
ChimeraLycan::why is that SA's bench guys can win but MIA's guys are not even competitive vs WAS of all team?
MudRunnerVA::Because Miami's bench didn't even care about this game. Note that the Wiz had to rely on a last second shot a few days ago to beat Miami against the same squad.
woodyattjon::A case of read the box score and players not playing, before getting too excited over a Wizards win
tbest23::Did Wall do the Dougie? Did the fatman Curry lose 20 lbs by actually having to play?
hoostinerrecliner::Curry got decent playing time for the first time all year, but... He also took out Mike Miller in the process. Needless to say, the so called "Curry Project" has failed.
joey1967b::big 3 is already taken(celtics). how about the choking 3
Franco2187::haha miami buinch of scrubs losing to wizards   by 30+ points gg team
hoostinerrecliner::Hey now, the Wizards are clearly a serious team.
joey1967b::heat no bench= no titles
mhsillen@hotmail.com::If the heat don't win the championship  Disney is going to take their espn and go home
joey1967b::really you would think espn has part ownership in the heat.
GrizzK4::I really wish the playoffs were played with only team's benches! My Bulls would sweep everybody!
ChimeraLycan::SA's bench would like a word with you....
tfec2233::it's not, but your bench must at least compete with the Wizards.
Deliverability Is Crucial::So the Heat bench gets blown away by one of the worst teams in the league but the Bulls bench can beat one of the best teams in the league. How are Miami fans not worried. Or anyone else for that matter. The Heat love to just give up. It's much easier to say we give up and don't care about the regular season standings then to admit they just couldn't get it done to be the number 1 overall seed. That kind of attitude carries through the playoffs which is why they lost last year to Dallas. These 3 won't win a ring together.
Arigato Mr. Roboto::Getting 6 win streak doesn't exactly qualify you to be the "one of the worst teams in the league" Wiz have gotten better and the heat bench is very very weak and it shows...
yardog59::Miami's bench couldn't beat Charlotte if it had to. Pretty sad that they rely on 3 players so much.
yardog59::LAST YEAR!!!!!
__Bullster__::Charlotte Bobcats &gt; The Heat  Thoughts?  .
Fifty tyson 2::thats a stretch
954_2_da_305::Proven by who? Bulls trolls?
Fifty tyson 2::Kemba is garbage
__Bullster__::KEMBA &gt; LeFAG It's a proven fact  .
CandySparker::Mi amigo Miami Heat
__Bullster__::J WALL &gt; LeFag + DWave + Ostrich  Thoughts?  .
Chicagocold312::agree except the f-a-g part cuz that's a message of hate.
Fifty tyson 2::your point?
Chicagocold312::Glad to see NY and MIA go at it, i know both sides (fanbases) are collectively peeing their pants knowing that they have to face each other in the 1st round, NY can be alot better than what their record says and MIA's record might not be indicative on how bad they might really be, have fun murdering each other!!!
BigEazy_BigDance::This Heat series is over in 5 ....I can see a sweep. People are blinded by what they saw of the Heat post-ASG break.
GrizzK4::I just hope it's a fun series to watch! The Heat will most likely take it in 5 or 6, hopefully they'll beat up on each other :P
GrizzK4::Nope, all Chicago.
Chicagocold312::Are you a Grizz fan?
Chicagocold312::Whew glad we don't have to face the Wizards or Bucks in the playoffs.  - Lebron
Fifty tyson 2::Miami Heat=Manure
mynameisjayee::While watching the replay, it felt like watching a practice game :D
alexbryant::NO there were no highlights from the Heat side....I saw it live and it was a scrimmage for Miami.  They tried to push their way through the game with crappy bench play. Dwanye and LeBron where never even on the bench except for the part of the first and the second quarter.  I bet they were in back watching the draft instead.  They sat on the far end of the benc and joked around the little they were there.  Sad team members with no support.
GrizzK4::Usually NBA.com has a much better highlight video than ESPN, and they didn't have a single Heat highlight. I think it's time for the playoffs, that's all anybody cares about right now.
GrizzK4::Well I'm sure they had some! You can't say there was nothing in 70 points worth! Ah well. Enough of the meaningless games.
Chicagocold312::did they deserve any highlights, i'm just askin?
Gilchrest89::Lots of pressure on the Heat!  They were built to win immediately and they came up short last year.  It's going to be just as tough, if not tougher, to win it all this year.  I wonder what happens to the Heat if they don't win it all this year.  Wade and Bosh aren't completely healthy either.
954_2_da_305::Bosh is gone if they don't win. Could be Wade or Bosh, but this is Wade county so i'm guessing they'll get rid of Bosh to clear some cap space so they could get some real bench players.
GrizzK4::FINALLY. Playoff time! :D
23sportsplex::If the knicks had at least beat the heat once this year I could maybe see a little bit of a threat...
swiftandabundant::We're comin' for you Bron Bron!  We're comin' fro you Dwade!  http://tinyurl.com/2012KnicksPlayoffs
Bueno477::kobe is the SECOND best player ever. http://bit.ly/IaN1Cd If you think aobut it, it's tru   bird retired after 16 seasons, kobes still unreal in his 16th season   magic johnson admitted kobe's best laker ever   KOBE SECOND BEST
Bueno477::kobe is the SECOND best player ever. http://bit.ly/IN4fp3 If you think aobut it, it's tru   bird retired after 16 seasons, kobes still unreal in his 16th season   magic johnson admitted kobe's best laker ever   KOBE SECOND BEST
suzuki_is_the_man::Stuff like this is why I hate Miami so much.   It is one thing to take your starters out.  It is another thing to not even try to win the game with the players you have in there.  Blowing off a game like this is an embarrassment to the NBA as a whole.
ESPN_Banned_My_Other_Account::Even with not too much depth. The Miami Heat can win the title. I would like to see them try to release some of these players in the off season and get some players. If you are on the bench and think you will be a championship because you are with the Big 3, and not because you will help, YOU GOTTA GO!!!!!
joeh4384::Miami's cast after Bosh is Charlotte Bobcats bad. They need Wade and Lebron to play out of their minds to have a chance.
Gilchrest89::Agree!  And who really knows how healthy Wade and Bosh are?  The big 3 have to bring it every game!
JK Belvi 2008::The team wasn't designed with a bench in mind because of the 3 - 14.5m investments and talent. Not to mention that they don't get enough playing time as a unit in games anyway. The Heat are capable of winning but are exposed now based on their inept bench. If the bench provides "adequate" contributions, the Heat will win the championship. But, if they don't - they will have a hard time pulling it off without some support. In addition, teams aren't scared of the Heat anymore because of their bench.
joeh4384::There other 2 starters also suck big time.
Aicyla22::lol @ exposed now... its no big surprise the bench sucks (for the most part) and if you really think howard, pittman, cole, harris, &amp; curry will be getting any playing time in the playoffs then you're off your rocker.
bmprez::eddy curry, is he still getting paid in cheesburgers?
JK Belvi 2008::There was a time when Curry lived well - but family greed, bankruptcy, body art payments, too many children, family deaths, legal issues and a voracious appetite has left this guy broke and depressed. I don't know how he can even concentrate on basketball with all the outside distractions that he has.
WhyUHatin47::There was also a time where he avg 19.2 PPG. Its amazing how this guy's career fell off Mount Everest.
leftytiger7::Go Knicks!!!
trooooowa::knicks 5.
chitownbullsinseven::I’ve been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for  anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and is tired of not winning your bets
ASaltedPeanut::Anyone who thinks this was just a meaningless game has failed to realize that it exposed just how bad the lack of depth on this Miami Heat team really is. You can't win a title with three players.
Chris31708::I know this, the Bulls bench, Spurs bench, and Celtics bench can win their games despite the fact they didn't need to win them, why can't the Heat bench?
Nebula 9::Dam..Jacked up by the Wizards
Chicagocold312::twice...
footballisdead::what a way to expose your bench just before playoffs  this will boost their confidence #NOT
Spurdiboy::Knicks won't be an easy out for the Heat. Wade and Lebron have dislocated fingers and Bosh has a hamstring injury. If the Knicks play the Heat really physical, they might pull this one out or Heat win and limp to the next series for easy pickins.
Chris31708::Yeah Knicks play defense now and have a great record since the coaching change, if they still had NoD'Antoni they would've had no chance against the Heat.
Chris31708::Bulls, Celtics, and Spurs bench plays-They win their games   Heat bench plays-Blown out by 34 and the "Heat fans" make up the excuse that they didn't need the win when the Bulls, Celtics, and Spurs didn't really need to win their games either, but won them anyways because they always play hard regardless if they need the victory or not  Lesson learned Heat fans.
954_2_da_305::Well, I'm a Heat fan and I'll admit their bench sucks.
truetopia::This is one more reason why the Heat won't get out of the East. Imagine if the Spurs bench played the Wiz..... no way they do this poorly
Chris31708::Seeing as the Spurs won tonight, I would agree.
Sean88142::Not only that, but the Wizards didn't even play their starters for that long. Wall and Nene played like 20 minutes.
ARTEST.ELBOWED.ALIBABA::Lol wow 70 points? Besides the big 3 the rest of the players are garbage.
Chris31708::Heat 0-3 without the Big 3.  XFD!
Sean88142::pretty much.
blueprint2363::thinking about the Miami/knicks series makes my stomach hurt lol..there strong point is one of our biggest weakness..and that's guarding the three point line
blueprint2363::true..but still they got the ability to make timely three pointers..especially steve novak and j.r smith
truetopia::Ur right...timely threes are a must to advance. As is defending those shots too
antistratfordian.::You don't win a playoff series from the three point line.  That's how you lose them.
Sean88142::Dallas won it from the 3-pt line.
Bullsfan737::Hope to see the Heat in the ECF it would be a battle but until then everyone enjoy the play-offs and no hard feelings anybody just stating facts...Goodnight everybody and good luck to your teams....Go Bulls!!
tomBabauts::I can't imagine Chicago winning against the Heat in a playoff series. Chicago has basically almost the same roster as last year. Only key addition is Rip and he is old and injured. DRose and Deng not 100% and Boozer is still 100% Boozer. Miami won last year with Dampier, Bibby and House in the line up. They say Chicago has improved from last year, Miami has improved too and it is the 2nd year of the Big 3 playing together. I want to think CHI can win but there is no way that they can beat Miami in a 7game series.
joeh4384::I dont think Miami improved at all. Their supporting cast is just awful and Bosh's rebounding has been down this year.
truetopia::keep in mind though...those Bulls are all a year better, and more experienced
antistratfordian.::Yes, I think Miami wins by an even clearer margin.  4-1 still, but the games aren't as close.
Chris31708::And let's not forget that Spo is still Spo, which isn't a good thing either.
Sean88142::Disagree  completely. All the Bulls players are better than last year, and they added Rip Hamilton, which is a significant upgrade over Bogans. Outside of Lebron, everyone on Miami is playing worse than last year.
tomBabauts::Me too. It's different when you play the same team every other day.
Draft day wow::heat suck
truetopia::Wrong board for home oh fantasies
blueprint2363::dallas first round exit..lakers first round exit...clippers first round exit...
ARTEST.ELBOWED.ALIBABA::Lakers are 3-1 up on Denver.
cjy2121::regular season doesnt mean anything
blueprint2363::he can't play 48 minutes a game through
blueprint2363::I dunno..the nuggets might be to quick and athletic for the lakers...they have the same problem the heat have..no bench
Too many LeBron trolls::With Kobe playing the Lakers will win.
Too many LeBron trolls::Lakers will win
MDVega6446::Brian Scalabrine had a higher field goal percentage today than the entire Heat roster, individual or combined.  White Mamba &gt; Heat
Bullsfan737::A meaningless game at 3;30 Knicks against the Heat...Spike Lee will intimidate the Heat!!
pacman190::lebron: in this fall, man this is tough, this fall i'm going to take my talents to southbeach...  and win not just 8 titles...  miami heat fans = kneel and vow to your king.we believe.  wow...
tomBabauts::Who is your team? I am betting you are just a bandwagon Lebron hater!
Too many LeBron trolls::Kevin Durant wins 3 straight scoring titles, first player since Jordan.
Bullsfan737::KD's a beast !!
Too many LeBron trolls::Really good scorer.
BearDownTown::IM OUT TOO, GONNA REMINISCE ABOUT OUR REPEAT 3-PEAT, U MAD MIAMI?
blueprint2363::yes
