Brandon Tigues::game over..lebron with a 30 and 7 game..on 72 percent shooting
Jazmine Ortiz::light work
Brandon Tigues::Jazmine Ortiz  lol hell yeah
Paul Snurpus::Lebron continues to play at an unbelievable level, shooting 13-18 for 30 points in 32 minutes.
Al-Jaleel Sawab::LeBron shooting 61% this season, scary
Paul Deaconu::on lay-ups and dunks
Robert Hawley::Paul Deaconu he's taken plenty of 3 pointers and jump shots. if shooting 61% is so easy then why doesnt everyone do it?
Trever Meenen::Robert Hawley   because not many other players get to go to the free throw line 15 times a game and get into a rhythm basically they don't have the officials helping them
Jose Klatter::I don't think is going to be a blowout game because Miami either don't start out focused enough, or lose interest when they put up 12 points plus. They were doing fine against Dallas, but all of a sudden it was a 3 point game. Only then, they regain focus and start to distance themselves. The only game I am expecting is the one against the Pacers. I think Miami is prepping Oden for this one. Hibbert needs to know that his reign in the paint is not going to last for too long.
Jayrald Ratuita::Fact: LBJ is averaging 30 6 6  last 5 games on 65% shooting (50% on 3's) while averaging 17 fga.
Chu Umeh::Why would Wade sit out tonight?  Its the beginning of the season and he already is taking nights off?  The Indiana pacers are 9-0.  Home court advantage will be the difference in the east this year. Taking games off  this early in the year?  so you had 17 pts and some steals and now you get the night off?   I am huge Wade fan and last I checked he was saying something about getting back into that top 10.   How in the world is that gonna happen when your taking nights off  less than 10 games into the season?
George Joseph::- Interesting :)
Timmy Belles::avging a little over 27 a game while shooting over 60% is pretty good...lol
Justin Jenkins::Bobcats will struggle against the tenacious Miami defense.  This one's gonna be a blowout:  Bobcats 120 Heat 57
Jody George Prats::MJ might want to look away tonight.  LeBron should drop 30 10 13 on the Cats.
Amir Shirazi::And 20 free throws lmao
Chris Scott::Amir Shirazi He's only shot 4 free throws thru most of the first half so... is he gonna shoot 16 in the 2nd half? By the way, he's only averaging 7.3 FTAs per game. I think you've got LeBron and Durant confused. Durant's averaging 13.1 FTAs per game, or close to double what LeBron is averaging from the stripe.
Chris Scott::Amir Shirazi 30 points and only four FTAs. Yeah... what was that you were saying?
Nick Voss::Chris Bosh: 0 pts, 0 rebounds, 0 assists What an all-star.
Robert Hawley::foul trouble
Denniz Rodman::is that an excuse?
Marcleen Bavogui::Denniz Rodman if u are in foul trouble and not on the floor how the hell do u score.. so yea thats an excuse
Jody George Prats::LeBron is King
Jody George Prats::Bobcats much improved defense won't stop LeBron & Co. from scoring 100.   Heat 102  Bobcats 93
Denniz Rodman::the Heat is 3 points short...^_^
Robert Hawley::espn's box score is behind by a good 30 minutes. the actual score to this game is 83 to 72
Nick Bolovinos::Charlotte needs a real coach and front office. What kind of coach allows 2-bit chumps like Taylor and McRoberts to shoot 22 times per game? Who decided on drafting an overrated slow weakling in Cody Zeller for center? Why let a career 16ppg scorer in Ben Gordon wallow on the bench when Charlottes need scoring?
Allen Greene::Its annoying how The Heat give up huge leads. This should at least be a 10 point game Wade and Lewis taking stupid shots  and Spo needs to play Oden. what you get him for if hes going to sit on the bench in a goddamn suit? Its sickening how they give up 3 4 Offensive boards in a row
Julie Price::They're saving Oden for the Pacers in the playoffs.
Allen Greene::Yeah your right
Marcleen Bavogui::Allen Greene why would they play oden now 10games into the season.. big picture for them meaning the playoffs. one more ting they will never win the rebounding battle.
Karl Lilian K::Change is good but moving from ESPN boards to facebook comments was a really bad choice. I miss Duro, NBA is the worst..... 98 comments for a Heat win. SMDH
Art Salmons::Lebron James picked up 1 personal foul tonight. There will be an NBA Corporate meeting tomorrow to fire the offending referee.
Allen Greene::Terrible games from Wade and Bosh but Beasley when he is on the court has been good so far. Spoelstra should give him more mins.
Briana Saul::Beasley is fine in his role with this team. he comes in some games, sometimes doesnt. Spo knows what he's doing.
Allen Greene::Yeah I guess your right.
Andy P Kordyban::Lebron "His Highness King" James is getting his serfs and peasants in place.
Cory Nope::Theres no honor in riding another mans dick.
Andy P Kordyban::No one mistook you for honorable Cory.
Erik Brown::Thought the word was Wade was going to sit on the second game of back to backs all season.
William Cutting::If layups were banned LeBron would be averaging 7ppg
Allen Greene::What would you know about a layup? have you ever play pro ball?
William Cutting::Allen Greene  Yeah in Lithuania
Allen Greene::Come over to The US man
Mike Plummer::This might be a trap game for Miami. Charlotte might pull an upset.
Denniz Rodman::could have I think if Big Al played.
Keyon Morris::The Greatest Ever to play this Sport
Robert Hawley::why is the box score like 20 minutes behind?
Chu Umeh::Dont tweet me...Show me!!!
