durantfolife35::Sterns right.  This game was a LOT better then the one the spurs got fined for.
Raj631::Clutchness DOES NOT Rate a player.  Just cuz LBJ isn't clutch with the Heat, doesn't mean you can start saying stuff. If you think clutchness means everything, then your saying D Fisher is a better player than LBJ which even dumb people would say thats a dumb answer
KingBenjamin1::people not from miami only see games from tnt abc and espn not on a regular basis when he is clutch
CodyADodge::'Like' this comment if you think LeBron James is awesome
Carld2200::Ouch.  Only 10? MJ would have had that amount in one day, ten fold!
NOVABuffalo::congrats to Heat .... they sweep the Spurs with that victory.
Lovah_Boy::Curry to make his debut with the Heat against the Lakers? http://www.foxsportsflorida.com/01/18/12/Curry-could-return-as-soon-as-Thursday/landing_heat.html?blockID=648560&amp;feedID=3720
Eternal_Sage::YEAH CURRY IS GOING TO EAT Up bynum. oh wait i'm supose to be gone
raaaj989::hell be out of breath 2 mins in
mintzerkj4eva::It was so good to see Miller without splits on his fingers. 100% heatlhy
Saint305XL::6 for 6 from 3-point range. Oh yeah, it feels real good seeing him healthy!!
sokal-surf::Is it true that Derek Fisher has more clutch shots in games that really mattered than LeBron "The King" James?  At least, that's what I heard...
antistratfordian::Fisher has not hit more game winners than LeBron in the playoffs.  So no, it's not true.
sokal-surf::Okay.  So any of LeBron's game winners were bigger than Fisher's winner.  But Fish nailed a 3-pointer in OT vs the Magic in Game 4 of the 2009 Finals that sealed that win, giving the Lakers a 3-1 edge to the championship...  But I'm sure LeBron has a few of those, right?
Lovah_Boy::Is it true that those shots are prayers and just plain dumb luck?
sokal-surf::So, are you saying that it's true Fisher has hit more clutch shots in important games than Bron?  I can't tell if you are being sarcastic or serious.  I've always thought that professional athletes are the best at what they do, so luck rarely comes into the equation.  And I can't find any clutch LeBron shots in important games.
Chicagocold312::The Heat won a preliminary championship last night, it's true, it's true...  - Kurt Angle
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Dont you losers know wrestling is fake?
Eternal_Sage::MY HEART... IT'S FAKE WHATEVER WILL I D.. yeah no $@% it's why it's called sports entertainment and their girls = hot
Detmar08::It's fake?!?!?!?!?!
Eternal_Sage::horrible, i used to like him  in the wwe
Detmar08::It was only fun to watch when it was the WWF
.Totes Magotes.::WWE fan?
---.Heatster.--::Last time I was here, the Lakers were a HUGE joke. Any updates since?  .
Lovah_Boy::sources?
goindians245::the big 3 dont know how to play together... wade is injury prone and nobody is clutch for them... they have no chance at the title this year
Lovah_Boy::actually the way I see it is there should only be 2 of the Big 3 on the court at the same time, when all three is out there their balls grow too big and it becomes a huge mess of turnovers.
goindians245::who knows lebron better then any heat fan in the world, the dude wont win u anything... dont get your hopes up.. KYRIE BABY!!!
Detmar08::He is no D Rose ;-)
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::coming from a bitter cavs fan
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::maybe you. but i never liked the garbage cavs
.Totes Magotes.::most Heat fans are ex Cavs fans
BlkMexMamba2.0::Kobe...  Jus sayin his name makes me feel like a winner..  LeBr....cough* cough*....my bad i was choking
Eternal_Sage::go cool off from your man crush and we'll see you boys tomorrow on the board
Eternal_Sage::haha
BlkMexMamba2.0::No.. but i raped her 20mins after Kobe did
Eternal_Sage::are you the white girl from C0?
BlkMexMamba2.0::i stay hot for kobe ;-)
Chicagocold312::talking about political corruption, Miami the only place where they would STEAL A PRESIDENCY...btw!!!
Eternal_Sage::those were proven false unlike your boy bloggo who got convicted OF SELLING a senate seat!
Eternal_Sage::They had video tape of him trying to sell the senate seat dude,  and of course no one was going to take the deal or they would of went to federal prison too!
Eternal_Sage::you mean said source that had ties to the liberal party? or the supreme court that decided there was no case?
Chicagocold312::according to who the presidents committee that benefitted from that at the time, or an independent source?
.Totes Magotes.::Lebron fanboys make us REAL Heat fans look bad
ned5311::you guys wouldnt have even went that far without lebron before he came to the heat they were barely making the playoffs and couldnt beat the hawks and they had haslem wade and beasley
.Totes Magotes.::Lebron went to Macy's and asked the sales person if they sell Clutch Jeans
Playing2wintheGame::LeBron just purchased a truck and asked the salesman whats that third pedal on the floor? Salesman said thats a clutch. LeBron said.. What?
BlkMexMamba2.0::LMAO!!!!
Eternal_Sage::Rose walks into the teacher's room, and the teacher told him he has to retake his SAT.. Rose responds by saying.. Did Addias  approve this commerical?
Chicagocold312::good use of the edit button, we saw that Nike at 1st...
Detmar08::lmao!
Detmar08::Love how every bball board consists of Bulls v Heat debates because they are they only teams worth talking about lol. Where are the spurs fans on this one?
Eternal_Sage::lol in the east it's going to be miami vs bulls for a long time. we gotta enjoy each other's company like this!
Falcons_Heat_Phillies_Mizzou::"I'm a Heat fan and i rather have Kobe then Bron."  Get out of here you poser. Don't know real Heat fan want old knees kobe over young scorer LBJ.
BlkMexMamba2.0::someone who likes winning ...apparently
.Totes Magotes.::There you have Heat fans and Lebron c.um dumpsters. Dont confuse the 2
southridge305::i still take lebron over kobe in prime, kobe never average more than 7 ast or grab 7 boards a game in a season. if lebron played on every team kobe won a championship on, then he would have the same amount of rings. every one knows lebron makes the players around him better
Eternal_Sage::no, the fact you stated you wanted an aging kobe over a guy who does everything as well as kobe if not better then kobe still in his prime is laughable
Chicagocold312::Miamians think GNP stands for great natural poppyseeds...
southridge305::actually they shaved in the great city of miami, unless u run into.. well u know
Chicagocold312::or good nappy puss'e...
Chicagocold312::How clean can a woman that floated in on a boat be? i'm just saying...
Whats The Spread::clean enough
Chicagocold312::clean enough not to burn when you pee the next day maybe...
.Totes Magotes.::as a Heat fan I would rather have Kobe than Lebron
mdingus07::wow really...i would rather have derek fisher than kobe..way more clutch than Kobe and same amount of rings..0.4 seconds and 3pt the other night against mavs
.Totes Magotes.::Heat fan since Seikaly bruh. I didnt start being a Heat fan in 06 or 2010 like most Heat fans today
Detmar08::As an idiot, you clearly have no clue about anything
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Kobes too old. He will always be a 20 point player but the days of 40, 50 point games are in decline.
mdingus07::yeah 40 against the Cavs, Suns, Jazz and Clips but like 12 points against the Mavs and it was dfish that won it..without the Diesel Kobe is just another Carmello..
Whats The Spread::he just dropped 40 like 4 games in a row
BlkMexMamba2.0::.......... think before you talk
Whats The Spread::Kobe and wade could not play together
Eternal_Sage::You're not a heat fan
BlkMexMamba2.0::You know your since humor is weak when you start every joke with "you know you..."
Eternal_Sage::rofl
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Lol you just called yourself out.
BlkMexMamba2.0::apparently your an idiot and lack common sense.. it was sarcasm bro lol
GrizzK4::You know you're an idiot when all your jokes are a rip-off of Jeff Foxworthy.
Chicagocold312::Miami the only place where cocaine is part of their GNP...
Chicagocold312::I bet the Heat fans don't know what GNP means, that's also only a Miami thing.
lovesports3409::Don't forget your gay govenor in Miami. Tell the whole story.
Eternal_Sage::Well chicago's GNP is selling seats of power since their  politcans are all DIRTY DIRTY DIRTY including that woman who has the horrible tv show
Lovah_Boy::Well actually I am a Heat fan.
Lovah_Boy::LOL for those of you who don't know, GNP stands for Gross National Product.
Eternal_Sage::At least we have something worth BUYING!
dan torell::you know you're in Miami when the beaches are incomparable to my hometown... Hawaii!  Take that Eternal Sage!
dan torell::Eternal sage... let me know if you are in Hawaii and I'll let you stay in my place. We have enough rooms! :)
Eternal_Sage::I do want to go to hawaii for vacation, it's on my bucket list at 23 lol
dan torell::@ Scarecrowkeysersoze  We were just bragging dude! Don't get too serious.
GrizzK4::I don't know, I would gladly take living in Hawaii compared to anywhere in your supposed "real america"
Eternal_Sage::amen to that
dan torell::hahahaha.... fun times eternal sage... truce?
Eternal_Sage::truce my friend! i'll admit you got me on the beach thing, my friend went over to hawaii for vacation and told me how great they were
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::hawaii? we were talking about towns with a sports team and actually a part of real america
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::yeah hawaii and alaska
Detmar08::Theres a fake america?
Chicagocold312::and your women are WAY CLEANER...
Eternal_Sage::*can't deny those facts*  Hawaii Women and Beaches = divine
Eternal_Sage::that is so damn wrong.. &gt;&lt; too shay my friend
Whats The Spread::Why so much hate here?
Detmar08::Because Heat and Bulls fans know this rivalry is going to be great over the next 7-8 years so we love talking trash to each other haha
tbomber2::You know you're a Chicago hater when you pretend the White Sox don't exist for the sake of comparing championship rings.
BlkMexMamba2.0::If the Lakers can keep it close until the 4th.. its a deadlock.. Game will belong to Kobe and Co
Eternal_Sage::lebron owns kobe, just remember that
.Totes Magotes.::Im a die hard Heat fan and I can tell you just started watching basketball
dan torell::Lebron sux!
GrizzK4::And the 4th quarter owns Lebron, so......push.
Lovah_Boy::Question! Will the Heat beat the Lakers tomorrow? I say yes.
Chicagocold312::yeah on PS3 or XBOX...
tbomber2::answer:  we won't know till the game is over.
tbomber2::you dont know $@%!.
Falcons_Heat_Phillies_Mizzou::Fraud. I knew it.
tbomber2::next you'll be telling me engineers don't use computers, right?
Falcons_Heat_Phillies_Mizzou::I think its to early for an engineer to be off work. That is if you are one.
Detmar08::Smartest answer ever haha
Falcons_Heat_Phillies_Mizzou::Yes. Whoever disagrees must be in self denial.
Detmar08::Kobe says bend over LeBitch!
rafroch3::You know you're from Chicago when your franchise that has played in the MLB for an eternity has the same number of rings as the 20 year old Marlins.
tbomber2::Marlins have a ring?
tbomber2::im not a cubs fan.  our city is big enough to have 2 teams but nice try.
Lovah_Boy::I'll guess 2 w/o even looking. That is 2 for the Cubs.
Eternal_Sage::we have two, how many do the cubs have?
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::2
Detmar08::You know your from Chicago when 1 game sold out a Wrigley equals the Marlins attendance for the entire season
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::nice edit detmar but we all know now what u really meant
Detmar08::oops! hahaha Nice catch crow. It has been fixed!
Eternal_Sage::Good, I know we're  all trash talking and $@%! but what happened to the kid made me really dislike the $@%!$@% fans (( and i mean all of them, those that beat up people after games)
Detmar08::We don't blame him. We blame A Gonz for booting that easy double play. DAMN PR*CK!! WE STILL HATE YOU A GONZ!!!!!
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::lol detmar just admitted his fan base is full of queers like any1 didnt already know
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::You know your a loser from chicago when you have to blame a single fan for your team losing.
Detmar08::South Suburbs buddy! Born and raised here. Just stating how ur fan base is full of queers and u can't stay loyal to your teams ;-)
Eternal_Sage::You know you're from chicago when your city hates on one guy for your entire team sucking against the fish. that is still sad and I'm being serious
Falcons_Heat_Phillies_Mizzou::This guy is pathetic he probably doesn't even live in Chicago. He's probably from Buffalo.
rafroch3::Do fans win you rings then?  I didn't know fans played the game, that's so cool.
Eternal_Sage::Shh, chicago people don't know about baseball
Chicagocold312::You know you're a nomad when you root for the falcons, heat, phillies and mizzou tigers...
Falcons_Heat_Phillies_Mizzou::You know you're from Chicago when you're working minimum wage, barely making ends meet, and don't have a high school diploma.
GrizzK4::You know you're from Chicago when you have banners from two 3-peats hanging in the rafters.
tbomber2::You know you're from Chicago when you're making 6 figures with an engineering degree.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::you dont count the zeros behind the decimal point genius
Chicagocold312::That's Miami for sure, you'll be out in the streets if you're broke here, or on govt. assistance.
Chicagocold312::if you find getting it up the wazoo when you're drunk is funny, then by all means have at it.
Eternal_Sage::at least they're women, a buddy of mine went to chicago and went into a $@%!$ house and told me it was like a scene from hangover two (go watch that movie btw, sick but funny as hell)
Chicagocold312::you can keep your non english speaking std infested women pal, all they do is tan and f*ck rawdogg!!!
Eternal_Sage::Welcome to Chicago where the corruption is bad, the people have no life and their only saving grace is to come down south where we have beaches, women and no bulls fans
Detmar08::Welcome to Miami where the Dbags play and they ride on LeBricks c*ck like everyday
Detmar08::You know your a fair weather homosexual when your name is Falcons_Heat_Phillies_Mizzou
Detmar08::I was just saying how big of a fair weather deusch you are. No need to get upset homie! ;-)
Falcons_Heat_Phillies_Mizzou::That was the worst group of teams ever. Packers, Mavs, Bruins, Cards, really?   FYI: $@%!$@% I don't have an NHL team in my screen name, because the NHL is so irrelevant.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::This just in: Boozer makes amends with gym bag that knocked him out.
Eternal_Sage::This just in: Gym bag sues Boozer for half of his 90 million contract, claiming he can do better then boozer in the playoffs
Detmar08::This just in: Your jokes suck
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::That joke wasnt meant for u paki.
tbomber2::AHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
Chicagocold312::You know you're from Miami when you don't need closed caption when papi from DLHQ talks...
Lovah_Boy::Like if you miss 90s basketball and you want it back in todays game.
Falcons_Heat_Phillies_Mizzou::I hate old people. (Yes in my book you're old).
Lovah_Boy::Damn and I thought I was the youngest one on here :-D
Falcons_Heat_Phillies_Mizzou::Why are you Bulls and Lakers fans trolling on the Heat's board?
Chicagocold312::how do you like the falcons heat phillies and the mizzou tigers at the same time, you nomad?
Chicagocold312::nope but you're no-MAD!!! lmao
tbomber2::If you're gonna be a bandwagon fan, at least pick some good teams....
Detmar08::He's about to change his name to Packers, Mavericks, Bruins, Cardinals
Falcons_Heat_Phillies_Mizzou::You mad?
Detmar08::We wanted to give you dbags a taste of your own medicine
BlkMexMamba2.0::I got a question  Who wants to help me with my women problems?
illestprospect::I like fat chicks because they are easy to make cry. However, the attractive ones are the fun ones to make cry
illestprospect::Whatever makes them slow their role.
Eternal_Sage::You're an evil person
Eternal_Sage::weren't you  going for the fat chicks?
Eternal_Sage::ROFL
BlkMexMamba2.0::I was but.. i ran outta money to feed them
Cadillac_Too_Cold::You know you're from Miami when a players PER is more important than a Teams WIN
rafroch3::You know you're from Chicago when you love the regular season because that's the only time you'll come out 1st
Chicagocold312::say what?
illestprospect::I dunno, Bulls held the sole best record MAYBE twice and came out with 6 titles. The regular season is meaningless.
Chicagocold312::If people from Wisconsin are called "cheeseheads', would people from miami be considered "Coke heads"?
Eternal_Sage::Can we just call chicago's, $@%!$@%!?
Eternal_Sage::Well, if i have a lack of intelligence then I'm guessing the school for $@%!$@%! kids kicked you out for having as much intellgience as dirt in a cow's $@%! hole
tbomber2::im happy you continue to prove your lack of intelligence with words like "chicagoiangs"
Eternal_Sage::can we just call chicagoiangs.  s.h.i.t h.e.a.d's Happy?
Chicagocold312::just like someone from miami not to know that they edit curse words on here, dummy...
lovesports3409::Just like MIami to quit when they can't get it done. Yeah, it's back to basketball.
tbomber2::Dont make fun of Eternal_Sage.  he's... "special."
Eternal_Sage::Aww &lt;3 I am special, it's what your mom thought too after she concieved you
Chicagocold312::Miami is to coke, what Wisconsin is to cheese...
rafroch3::and what Chicago is to ugly women
Eternal_Sage::Yo uknow you're from chicago when your 90 million dollar boy gets beat up by a little gym bag. BWUAHAHA
illestprospect::Didn't the injury happen in a game?
Eternal_Sage::No, unless the story was made up about the gym bag but the article   on espn last year was he sustained it after tripping over a gym bag
Cadillac_Too_Cold::Come on Chicago fans, you're going to let him go there with Dwyane Wade's injury history?
Cadillac_Too_Cold::If he did, it'd probably break his leg and sideline him for 3 months, then he'd take 4 months "Just to be sure"
Eternal_Sage::least he didn't get beat up by no bag
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::he "fell" supposively
Chicagocold312::supposively, really?
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::lmao
rafroch3::You know you're from Chicago when you have a Boozer and a Brewer on your team. Is this basketball we're talking about here?
GrizzK4::Sounds more like Wisconsin!
Cadillac_Too_Cold::You know you're in Miami when you go to an NA meeting, and get laughed at for having a Cocaine problem.
Chicagocold312::Miami the only place where you can get a tan quicker than a job...
Eternal_Sage::Chicago, the only place where corruption is a major for their  colleges
tbomber2::It's mean to hate on miami.  aside from the heat they have little going for them down there.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::wow you really think chicago has more going on than miami? boy you must be living in a fairy tale
Eternal_Sage::NAME 5
Eternal_Sage::Nah, the reason why the bulls have such loyal fans is the fact they're so depressed in life they're hoping that another MJ comes through those doors since nothing else occurs in that city. Miami on the other hand could care less, we got  beaches, women and oh yeah last 10 years  i'll team has been better then yours!
Eternal_Sage::nah us  beating the bulls in the ecf and will so again this year is what's going our way
Eternal_Sage::I never self like, if i did then i would have three.. see?
tbomber2::nice self-like  but really.  you clearly know nothing about chicago or its fans.  i know miami has no other sports going for it so i'll pretend for a second that chicago fans only follow basketball, just so you don't feel bad.
lovesports3409::You know you're from Miami when you sleep with who you think is a female, but it's a dude but you really like it.
illestprospect::I kill tranny's and women in the same night here in Chicago. Sometimes multiple times a night.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::only in chicago would you sleep with a tranny and not realize it till after.
lovesports3409::Can you say Eddie Murphy in LA?
BlkMexMamba2.0::What about Christina Bosh??
BlkMexMamba2.0::lmao!
Eternal_Sage::stay out of this blk!
Eternal_Sage::sorry chicago = city of the transsys
rafroch3::Yes, all those cities you mentioned trail Chicago in the transsys category
lovesports3409::LA, MIA ATL, NY....etc.
Falcons_Heat_Phillies_Mizzou::Hey BlkMexMamba2.0 we're coming for your Lakers on Thursday.
BlkMexMamba2.0::lol I heard.. may the best Kobe win good sir.. lol
Chicagocold312::Miami the only place where the women will "burn you" quicker than the weather...
Eternal_Sage::chicago is the only place where the women have to pay you to get fur off their bodies
Chicagocold312::naw that's wisconsin.
