Steve Lewis::as a bulls fan for life im deeply saddened to see us flogging the cavs....winning games isnt productive at all....wer trying to get the best draft pick possible not end up in nba no mans land
Adam Youman::Finally Snell is given some good minutes! Now i just want to see him get some good minutes while deng is healthy. He could really be good for taking the load off deng's back. Great game GO BULLS
Taylor Manes::I hope we lose if we trade deng amnesty boozer and hinrich get injured again....yep we will lose..and we lost to the bucks,jazz,knicks.. oh yeAh we're horrible..THAT'S  GOOD
Paul Walker::Loser talk
Taylor Manes::Paul walker I thought you were dead...
George Chip Thayer::Best wishes to he bulls and their fans as the Cavs try to win on the road w/o waiters.     Go cavaliers.
Denniz Rodman::you worry about not having waiters?  what would you feel beaten by the bulls without DRose, Luol Deng, Jimmy Butler and Kirk Hinrich?
George Chip Thayer::Denniz Rodman As you can see by tonight's results, we had plenty to worry.
Rocky Rosado::Tony Snell makes Luol Deng expendable
Greg Scheuber::I never thought augustin would play so efficiently in such a short time... 18 pts, 10 dimes.. 5 to's but hey, what more could you want from a guy they signed a week ago.... Trade deng already and prepare to move on with or without rose...
Greg Scheuber::Kurtis Harrison , I know.. The deadline is February. Plenty of time for that to happen...
Robert Janousek::Bench the bum and start Teague.  We need to be losing games like this.
Robert Janousek::I was actually talking about Augustin.  By starting Teague, he gets the experience he desperately needs and the Bulls lose the games they need to lose. The Bulls need to go 10-46 the rest of the way.
Silas Reyes::Whats funny is that all bulls fans are hoping they tank but in the weak eastern conference they can try to tank and still end up making the playoffs. Have fun watching Jabari Parker in Milwaukee next year, lol. Chicago will go back to their rightful place at the bottom of the eastern conference starting next year just like they were from 99-09. The worst team of the decade.
Shaun Brooks::try in cleveland
Taylor Manes::What's funny is we already lost to the bucks and jazz..most horrible teams ever...and we can get parker ...we wernt supposed to get rose in 2008 but we managed too..you sound like a bitter person..the Ebenezer scrooge is real in you...
Jay Zee::And yet Silas Reyes the Bulls still had the top attendance in the league for that 99-09 stretch.  We love our team win or lose.  Can't say the same for frontrunner fanbases such as Heat, Pacers, etc.
Tazmon L'vis Sims::I just don't understand what the love affair with Alonzo Gee is all about....please I'm serious I would love someone to explain it to me.....
Jon Zimmer::He's a great wing defender.  He doesn't have any offense but he's lethal in transition, for some reason despite being a team full of young legs the Cavs don't push the pace and get into the open floor to use him and the rest of the teams talents.
Matt Reynolds::Tank Tank Tank Tank, Bulls need to lose this game Jabari needs to be on this team next year or else another 3 years of basketball Hell.
Jay Zee::As much as I want Jabari in a loss season like this even if we don't hget him it won't mean 3 yrs in "Basketball Heck" as you say.  We have the wild card of Rose possibly staying healthy and being back to great and Mirotic coming over.  Plus Charlotte pick in a deep draft and a good free agent signing.
Adam Youman::screw jabari i want wiggins. less plays within the system instead of expecting the system to play within him
Matt Reynolds::Look if Mirotic was as good as people want him to be he'd be in the league by now, you cannot rely on Derrick anymore to be anything that he once was and this draft is deep yes but there are maybe 5 elite talents, which is what the Bulls need, and each one will be taken top 5. If Bulls are not in the top 5 then they're stuck waiting until 2016 when KD is a free agent and there will be 29 other teams saving up for him. They need an elite wing who can take pressure off of Rose and there are 3 in the top 5 Smart, Wiggins, and Parker Bulls better leave with one of them
Paul Walker::Only losers hope their team loses...I you Chicago fans aren't used to winning much these days, but it's only a quarter of a season in dumbies.
Robert Janousek::Only a loser doesn't look at the big picture.  One scenario is for the Bulls to be a 3 or 4 seed, win the first round, get swept the second round, lose out on the best draft class in years, lose Deng and Boozer next year and the Bulls are mediocre again next year.  Another scenario is the Bulls get a top 5 draft pick, mid first round from Charlotte, top 5 in second round, bring over Mirotic and are relevant next year.  I'd rather have the latter.
Mike Woolley::Watched just over 14 mins of a 48 minute game and it's pretty much over. Typical Cavs. Why would LeBron come back to this crap?
Jon Zimmer::Most Cavs fans don't want LeBron, If your so crazy about him watch the heat.
Adam Aycock::Without waiters I don't see us winning this game, considering how bad our record is for away games
Leon Debeljak::Augustin actually a nice pickup for Bulls even tho I think he's a garbage...
Daniel Kiraly::why can't every cleveland cavs game be at home?
Matt Elmore::Cleveland is straight pathetic. And I'm starting to see a correlation between Mike Brown and awful road play from his teams. His only full season as the Lakers head coach, the Lakers had a below .500 record on the road. This year, the Cavs are 2-12 on the road. This may be a factor of poor preparation by the coaching staff, and what I mean is that sometimes you have to know when to back off your guys and let them rest when on the road. Brown is notorious for having exhaustive shootarounds the same day before games, and when you get in late and need some rest, going through a 2 hour shoot around does you no good, both physically and mentally
Steve Lewis::ok snell needs to stay our starting sg, with butler next to him as the starting sf....deng NEEDS to be traded immediately, and kirk hinrich left on the bench, for whatever u can get, and let these too young'ns start and develop
Steve Lewis::haha obviously when he gets back from injury smartass
John Osaki Jr.::It looks like a good win for the Bulls! Big-time Derek Rose fans, check out his projected rankings before the injury in the new edition 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Luke Zagorski::Watching my Cavs play like garbage, again, it's easy to forget just how we were projected to make the playoffs this year. Typical Cleveland team - tanking while trying to win.
Daniel Kiraly::we can still make the playoffs tho
David Dapaah::Do realize they're still a good position to make the playoffs though right? I think they're now a game back from the 8th seed. When Waiters gets back they should be able to make a run and grab the 6th seed eventually.
Rocky Rosado::Can we please put Taj in the game. What is Thibs problem with Taj. Taj can give us just as much offensively as Boozer and not be a liability on the defensive end.
Adam Youman::he travels at least once a game with that stupid post move. he really needs to fix that before thibs can really trust him with big minutes
Nick Mann::Finally I can go home after work in the morning and put the bulls on the DVR to watch a W.  it'll be tough deciding this game or the OSU game to watch first....
Mike Woolley::Hi,  I play for the Cavs... I enjoy missing shots, doing stupid plays and most of all not playing any defense. - Whole of Cleveland Cavs team
Rocky Rosado::really refs….so the bulls are blowing out the cavs and you just decide to stop calling fouls on them….smh
Harman Singh Sidhu::What is Brown thinking. You can't put Karasev and Zeller this late into the fourth quarter
Jon Zimmer::Did you miss the entire season before where brown was the coach and took the same Lakers team to the same finish that Phil took them the year before?  Guess so since you think that he coached 5 games for the Lakers, try reading less headlines and watching more basketball.
Mike Woolley::Sort of sad when Kyrie isnt shooting well the whole team struggles like hell. Step up bums!
Virl Seribo::Big win guys.  Let's get some momentum going now.  Snell City!
