Seth Stevenson::Wow, Dwight is really such a cancer to his team, with such a cancerous 29 points and 13 rebounds. Such cancer.
Rohan Ravishankar::Can I like this twice?
Dabney Hill Rogillio::Stupid is as stupid does, sir.
David Zaga::And 9of 12 free throws...CANCER!
Emerald Snow::Rockets win 114-93
Kevin Orr::Blazers win 108 to 95
Seth Archieval Lu Santiago::BEARD UP HARDEN! LETS GO ROCKETS!!
David Han::Rockets will improve to 4-1 with this win.
Kevin Orr::Unless of course they DON'T win. Portland has a better chance of winning for sure
Mik-mik Visco::rockets will definitely win
Genesis Palmes Oriel::haha da worst!
Tyler Moss::Not
David Han::I agree
Jeremy Gingrich::lets go Rockets lets get the win!!
Michael Winter::GO BLAZERS!!!!
Sammy Bissett::Took a couple games but it looks like Harden and Howard are establishing a very solid connection. This is going to be a fun season for Rockets fans
Denzel Boksingero::Bad first quarter for the Rockets so far against the Bobcats, Mavericks, Jazz and Clippers. Beverley is returning so hope everything changes. Lin may be back-up PG again, so it's good he'll not be blamed when Harden sucks.
Landon Riggins::Harden sucks? What world do you live in sir?
Duy Pham::8 TOs.
Matt Pilkington::Duy Pham  33 points and 7 rebounds with a steal and 2 blocks.  With those 8 TOs from him we still won by double digits
Tyler Moss::Nobody can guard Lamarcus Aldridge and Lin can not guard Damian Lillard.
Tyler Moss::Blazers got this
David Han::You are wrong
Jason Ah Choy::Nope, you are wrong.
Cody Palmer::Blazers are going to whoop Houston's ass
Tom Baldus::huh wrong
Cody Palmer::No, I'm correct
David Han::Sorry my Rockets is going to win.
Phil Metalhed::Jail blazas suk bals, lol.
Cody Palmer::How's living in the past going for you? Let me know when you come back to reality.
Kyle Kroeger::Nice spelling lol
Mitch Newport::that was a decade ago son
Fred M. King::Robin Lopez running his mouth before the game again.  Gonna hold Dwight Howard down....make him work for everything he gets.  Yeah right!  Dwight: 29 pts & 13 boards....Lopez was 0 and 6.  Sure wish there was another big redhead out there somewhere!
Steven Anacker::GG,Rockets!
Matthew Mottola::Lets Go Rockets!!
Heidi Oliver::LETS GO BLAZERS
Carlitos Letona::#ROCKETS
Jerome McGhaney::Even though the starting line-up we got out there right now we should and could win most games even games against those championship calibur teams, I still say we kind of playing with a double edge blade having both Omer and D12 out there at the same time. What worries me is what if both of them gets into foul trouble and not to mention not that "Hack-A-Shaq" move players always do them every time they try to score the game last against LOB City is a prime example of what worries me about this move. Personally I'll have Omer come off so if D12 does get into foul trouble we still have another center waiting in the wings also Smith, Jones, and Don are better free throw shooters than the both of them right now. I maybe a minority in this but that's what truly believe hope I'm wrong though.
Sammy Bissett::Agreed, Asik has looked lost on both sides of the court. Mix that in with the fact his numbers are down across the board. It might be best for him to come off the bench or to let him go once they've determined that D12 can stay healthy for a legit stretch 4....I'd be hesitent to let D-Mo or Smith go out there and try to build chemsitry while Harden, Parsons, Lin, and Howard are slowly gelling
Jerome McGhaney::I wouldn't let him go even if D12 is healthy, but everything else I totally agree with you.
Dabney Hill Rogillio::Sammy Bissett, have you seen a game? Omer doesnt look lost. Your opinion is so invalid. Please watch more.
Mitchell Imoh::I'm a rockets fan but the trailblazers are a fun team to play with on 2k. Unfortunately, they cant gel like that in real life. They can be good and I always look forward to the rocket-trailblazer games. Can't wait to see the game here in Houston. Go Rockets
Stan Anvik::Good Game Blazers.  Always liked that starting 5 of yours.  Maybe we can get Lamarcus back in Texas someday?  Harden and Howard played BIG tonight.
Ryan Westberg::How about no....  You can have Aldridge when he is about to retire.
Rohan Ravishankar::Ryan Westberg You can keep him, you can't replace the amazing defense you get with Asik and Howard both on the floor.
Charles Lou::Ryan Westberg : how bout a howard and aldridge straight up trade?
Aaron Her Na Dez::Wow Houston is failing so terribly this season. Pack it up and tank for Andrew Wiggins...
Chris Bramlet::You sir are an idiot
David Aulds::Can the Rockets please for the love of God guard the 3 point line!!!
Adam Sowa::Ready for your first loss Houston?
Matt Pilkington::The bigger question is will we be seeing you in the playoffs?  I kinda doubt it
Justin Hosack::Matt Pilkington haters gon hate blazers will take this one in the Rose Garden (moda Center) tomorrow night and we'll be a surprise team mark my words
Matt Pilkington::Justin Hosack  Winning one game will surprise no one.  There are still 78 to go
Brett Venneri::RIP CITY !!!!!!
Brett Venneri::Rockets look good but that won't last.  Howard will lose it before the all-star game.  He needs to be under the big city lights.
Matt Pilkington::Brett Venneri  Like the big city lights of the 4th largest city in the country?  I'm confused by your statement
Brett Venneri::He needs Hollywood lights
Glendell Watson::Blazers by 5
Jeremy Gingrich::...And then you woke up.
