the mayans are right about the end of the world::gasol for ben gordon and sessions, who says no?
Mizzle85::Bobcats. Cho isn't going to tie up so much future cap room for a player that will only take us  halfway to where we really want to be. Not to mention that Sessions is an absolute must have for our team. The lakers would say no too though. They had the chance to bring back Sessions if they wanted to. Ben Gordon also doesn't fill a huge need for LA. Plus the fact that Pau would easily be the best player involved in that deal.
aleopriest::OOOOH yea I predict this Wiz team will be worse then the Char team from last year. Wiz might not win more then 5 games this season, and its worse, because I think teams are playing the Wiz harder 'cos they don't want to be the first team to lose these suckers. Loyal fans? The way the Wiz are playing they won't have anymore fans, even the cheerleaders won't support their losing ways. No I am not ranting the players 'cos I see some effort, but I see alot of frustration too. I blame Ted Leonsis and GM. They sat there in the Verizon Center and heard him talk about how he was going to build this team DC could be proud of. Such a liar!!! You trade your best players year after year? What do you call that? ..
CJ From San Andreas 2013::Am I the only one who thinks the Wizards should have selected Harrison Barnes instead of Bradley Beal?
CJ From San Andreas 2013::Washington Wizards vs Georgetown Hoyas: Who would win in a pickup game?
CorsoKO1112::If the Bobcats continue to win and make the playoffs (by the grace of god)  Mike Dunlap is easily coach of the year.
tani_budde::Congrats Bobcats fans, hopefully my team starts to pick it up as well.
B1GB4BYJ3SUS::If we can just trade Gerald Henderson, we will be alright.
Mizzle85::Henderson&gt;Taylor. Don't start underrating just because he has been hurt. I'm willing to trade him because he will be a RFA next year we don't want to overpay for, but not because I think Taylor is on his level. He was our BEST player last year,
MasterWangkee::How about Henderson for Derek Williams?  He is being benched in Minny but maybe a change of scenery will help him put up points, sharpen his game and straighten his attitude.
1TruCat::I do like Jeffrey Taylor and Henderson is injury prone. I do think he made himself expendable.
adamg545::I sort of feel bad. I was a fan up until this season. I had to make a farewell video for them though...now it kind of seems mean. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Swan98Digro
john_bridges::That's a great video...love the Blatche sighting, but sad to see Gheorge Muresan's card go up in flames.  Go Wiz!
domo141::Fake fans are pathetic. Remain loyal to the team you started with. Embrace your team when they're good, as well as when they're bad.
domo141::I'm a Carolina Panthers fan, so I know what it means to watch your team suck week in and week out. You also have to remember this team is without it's best player. It could be a different story when John Wall comes back
adamg545::Oh I hear you. It was tough, and I knew I'd catch some flak. Circumstances being what they were and based on many conversations, this was my one chance to break clean (ish). But no regrets and I hope they catch a break.
smileeman2002::LOL. It's a good thing DC has RGIII, otherwise this would be a totally loser city. The wizards are beyond embarrassing. I say let the Gtown Hoyas play in place of the Wizards.
john_bridges::I'm not sure the Nats are total losers.
Amoc21::Jordan hates losing, even if he's not directly playing on the court. I'm not surprised at all of Charlotte's early success this season after the media laid into Jordan for being a bad owner last season.
Excelscior1::1/5 of a season, doesn't make up for the rest of it or how bad the Bobcats have been the past several years.
AvengedByCats::Charlotte has played 12 games. A NBA season is 82 games. 5 times 12 equals 60. 1/5 hasn't gone by yet.
Mizzle85::Right, because every team is a contender in their first decade of existence. Smfh.
sunderland13::they made the playoffs in 2010... almost made it in 2011... then rebuilding last year. So not past several years
Healey666::Now sign jordan for the year bobcats and my gets lucky ring #7 lolol
dbohnenk737679::I told you all that MKG is the next it player in the league(UK and MKG fan).
carlmatrix::charlotte has a better record than mavs and lakers. LOL
mercedsAMG1977::Using a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I make around 2-3K monthly profit using this system. You can find the system on google by searching for sports betting systems.
solidla::hope the cats make the playoffs! i'm impressed at their hard work and determination! yeah mkg!!!
basketballdiaries::...
Minnie Mantlez::Break up the Bobcats
RockyMountainWay1::The Washington Bullets
cb12490::When Byron Mullens puts 27 points on you...
AvengedByCats::Sessions 6th Man of the Year?
Mcfly_2015::bobcats equal their entire win total from last year after just 12 games
roll_n_riot::LOL Bobcats 7-5 already Xmas has come early
Deandrewish7::0-82 please I want to see that happen
64big timer::they hired that General manager
Eric28039::I blame Abe Pollin and Ted Leonsis.  They bred this losing culture.
64big timer::whats the use of drafting high when you're drafting guys like Vesely ? what has he done
john_bridges::Two things.  1. Jack 2. Squat
13FANn::Bobcats&gt;Lakers
Manimal Will Be Right Back::Change your name back to the Bullets and you might win a few games.
andysherman44::im a bobcats fan, but there's no way im being ignorant by saying we're a playoff team. our cupcake schedule is over. now we have to face okc, miami, san antonio, la, new york, etc. for the next month.
RavenNation1991::Wizards please keep losing. We aren't winning a title this year. Lets get Shabazz Muhammad and take off like OKC did. Sounds like a plan to me.
521Undertaker::Can't wait to hear Kornheiser on Monday.
RavenNation1991::One more top 3 pick. Add Wall to that mix and the Wizards can start competing.
bizarro6666::please someone tell me when wall is coming back
SteelerCeltic::The Wizards are showing signs that indicate they could possibly win a game this season.
nigsjizzer::haahha suk dat dik
64big timer::just wondering when is it time for a coaching or maybe a general manager change we've been rebuilding since Rick Mahorn left
theheebs::a double over time win against a wizards team lacking their two best players isn't much to write home about, but how about a little love for the bobcats?  already have as many wins as last season and winning record right now.  good for them
depthcharge82::cats were missing Hendo and Biz plus playing against the refs which caused them to lose 3 key players
cmbates92::only player they are missing is wall. Nene is back.
roastbeafman87:::)  -MJ
vermincaine::Michael Jordan is the greatest GM of all time...Look how he turned this team around...
Bandwagon_Bobcats.Fan::What does this say about the value of John Wall? How bad would this team have been the past two years without him? Hope he gets healthy soon and saves Wiz fans a season of misery.  Go Bobcats
Excelscior1::Wall is overrated and a brickmaster.
Minnysota Vikings::3-17 for Kemba? Am I reading that right? wow...
Bandwagon_Bobcats.Fan::Even more shocking is the fact that Mullens actually had a high shooting percentage. Gordon too.
joah5454_3::LOL Wizards are the new Bobcats
JEREMY IS A TRAITOR AND A PUSSY::NO
spedelty::Nene is good at fouling people and getting away with it.
TCluvcarpanthers::MKG vs Durant on Monday   Leggo. It'll be a nice experience for him; hopefully he'll stay out of foul trouble.
mdfrg::&gt;&gt;he'll stay out of foul trouble hmmm Durant. I think KD will reduce MKG minutes to 10-15. And its very sad
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::No one can guard Durant his jumpshot is too wet
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::No surprise here the Bobcats are a East Title contender
theheebs::i don't know about that, but they really might be a playoff team.  don't see them getting out of the first round unless they get a good match-up though
lennylen2013::The Washington Wizards: because winning is to mainstream.
torrtis::You look at the upcoming schedules for the Wizards and this can even go to 0-20.
JCollin4::The Bobcats do it again!   It's amazing how a young team can continue to win close games like this.   Seven wins all last season. Seven wins in less than a month this season.  Mike Dunlap Coach of the Year!!!
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::All the Bobcats need is a veteran player like Allen Iverson to lead them to the Finals this year
Newspeedwayboogie70::Marcus Camby would take you to the Finals.
mdfrg::No, Steve Francis
PDubLB42::wrong name used keep going
lennylen2013::That's cute
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::This is quite a surprise
