Ramon Langhorst::K. Love is a beast.
Jacob Machuca::He should have gotten kicked out when he elbowed griffin. They kicked barnes out for much less. Smh. Griffin held his own.
Carl D Hill::"K. Love is a beast on OFFENSE"--FIXED
Thomas Lindsay::K. Love is the truth. I can't wait until he goes to a larger market so he can get the respect he deserves. He could righteously be the best big man in the game
Cristefer Young::Rubio is the most over rated player in the NBA.
Peter Knowe::he is beat up and has no shot just pass PG, not that highly rated pg
Devin Baranick::I agree, and I'm from Minnesota. The best part of his game is his ability to sneak up on people and get steals. 8 assists per game really isn't impressive for a starting point guard that barely shoots. Any point guard in the league could average that many assists if they only looked to pass all game and couldn't score themselves.
Carlos Diego Garcia::Devin Baranick i disagree not being able to shoot makes it harder to get assists, over rated not really over hyped yes! anyway i like his flair and vision and ability to be 2 plays ahead, hopefully he can develop a mid range shot... the wolves need better DEFENSE IF THEY WANT TO GET TO THE PLAYOFFS.
Kyle Koliha::The Wolves are not "clutch." How many times do they choke it away down the stretch? It's getting old.
Jonny Kriefall::It's cause of the bench. Pek and Love w/ 40+ minutes. T-wolves have to either get someone or have someone on the bench step up to get them some rest. They can't do everything every game and they slip at the end.
Kyle Koliha::Jonny Kriefall, no dude. I dont put this on the bench. The coach has a history of not playing rookies, so that negates two bench players. Barrea did OK... But Rubio is worthless. He's only a good passer 'cause he HAS to be. He has NO shot and he knows it. Look at his stat line. How many starting PG's (on winning teams) shoot under .350 and take 4 shots a game? I guess the only reason it sucks so bad is because the WOLVES COULDA HAD CURRY! Way to go! wwe got Flynn and Rubio! Rickey is gonna be a HUGE bust. But thats the Wolves. Heck, look at their draft this year. They coulda had Burke. I'm so sick of cheering for them... But I still will.
Frantz Nelson::Kevin Love is an awesome player but something is missing. He puts up these monster stats and they don't translate into consistent wins or playoff appearances. Don't tell me his team isn't good enough to make the playoffs because it is - he has more talent than Kevin Garnett ever had with the Wolves and KG made the playoffs every year.
Isabella Lee::whoah, slow down there, maybe you need to watch some films of kg first in the early 2000s. i've watched kg in his prime and i don't agree that love is more talented than kg.
David Gleason::It's because the rest of the team and the coach have basically sucked his entire career. Martin is finally an all-star he is playing with this year. Is it that hard to figure out? He's only one guy. There are four others on the floor. Basketball is a team game. It's like asking why doesn't Megatron go to the playoffs every year in football?
Dante Barrett::Isabella Lee I'm pretty sure he means he had more talent around him, as in his teammates
Bronya Vogel::How come wolves fans have stopped all the talk about being a contender. Could it be because they are a sub.500 team. I said before the season started they where never a contender just pretenders.
Tom Hanson::Bronya why dont you take your 25 friends and go chase parked cars
Marlon Fleming::Bronya, really. Actually we will be in the playoffs. Its only , december. Still a lot of basketball to be played. A trade or two. To help the bench out, and we are straight. Im sure you Just,  started watching the nba.
Nbafan Nbafan::Not with Ricky Briclio as your starting pg.
Zach Batizy::Kevin Love puts up better stats than Lebron. Too bad that his team cant get over .500
Carl D Hill::K.Love doesn't/can't defend to save his life/team, THAT'S the difference...
Jonny Kriefall::10+ defensive rebounds is defense. It's one of the most important parts of the game and the reason the wolves stayed on the game.
Carl D Hill::Jonny Kriefall Lol, no, it's not....
Mang Artemio::love is toying with griffin in the offensive side. smh
Brian Ray::Griffin is the winner and love is the loser like always
Mang Artemio::Brian Ray well its bec they have cp3....smh but talent wise id go for love. imo
Jonny Kriefall::Anyone who has ever seen love and griffin play would go for love no question. He is better in every single aspect of the game.
Eric Lopez::Another win for the Clippers! Clippers 116, Wolves 88
Klizzy Cuzz::im w/ u on this
Timothy Del Rossi::wow Pekovic that was a clean shot
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::dominated all game and miss 2 easy ones lol
Tony Hartmann::Martin WTF?
Stephen Moulton::The league had better reprimand those refs for throwing Barnes out of the game.  That wasn't even a flagrant, much less a flagrant 2!  Then Love elbows Blake in the face and it's not even flagrant?  More proof that the NBA has the worst officials of any of the big 4 sports...
Icco Nacor::matt barnes try stop kevin love by giving a hard foul.. he did not go for the ball, he go for hit
Dana Greer::Love elbows Griffin in the head, nothing. Barnes gets thrown out on a play he got all ball on. Kevin Love gets 16 free throws, most of them when he is the one jumping into the defensive player. And the Clippers march on
Joe Coburn::No bias here, lol. You sound like the girl who didnt get invited to prom.
Jannis Neumann::Is a Clippers/Griffin fan really complaining about elbows to the head? Like every 3rd dunk by Griffin begins with him hitting someone with his elbow.
Dana Greer::Clippers won. That is all that matters. Blake is Much better than love. No sane person would trade Griffin for Love
Ali Lukie Ozeir::Blake had 32 points 10 Rebounds 4 steals and didn't  even play in Overtime lol Blake is the best PF in the NBA you can write that down with black ink.
Justin Daniel Gower::tim duncan? kevin love? dirk? aldridge?
Carl D Hill::Justin Daniel Gower 2 of those guys belong, but, Timmy/Aldrige? those guys are known to play defense...
Ben Albert::Ali Lukie Ozeir a) griffin only played 2 less minutes than Love b) Love scored 13 more points, had 9 more rebounds, 4 more assists c) it's not a debate when you look at season averages d) griffin not playing in OT is actually an example of how he harmed his team, because he couldn't guard without fouling tonight. There's no doubt griffin has sky high potential, he always has, but he is not better than Kevin Love. The debate should be between Griffin and Aldridge for who is the 2nd best PF in the league
Carl D Hill::The ONLY guy on the Timberlands who can defend is C. Brewer,......
Tony Hartmann::pretty much
Nbafan Nbafan::Rubio is overrated as hell.
Nbafan Nbafan::Just can't compare him with Rondo.  He can score big time when he needs to.  Just see how he schooled the cavs and lbj in the playoff.  The bad shooting of Rubio is on another level.  He just can't score, period.
Silas Reyes::Adelman must be kicking himself for joining the wolves. He's a hall of fame coach as proven by his record in Portland, Sac and Houston but the wolves franchise is a complete joke. He deserves to go out better than this.
Silas Reyes::Birry Corgan with Portland, Sac and Houston he had a career record of 879-518 for a .629 win %. Took Portland to 2 NBA finals. Had 11 50 win seasons, 2 60 win seasons. 4 seasons of atleast 59 wins. The guy can flat out coach and every analyst agrees he will be in the hall of fame.
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Kevin Love is a monster. But he and Pek needs to defend the paint better. I know neither can jump but at least throw your weigh around. Hammer everything that enters. No easy buckets.
Duddly Jones::cpsuk....clippers played last nite, thot theyre champs for beatin nuggets, Minnesota humiliated by LA, restin in LA......bottom line im as stupid as the clippers for pickn them.
Peter Knowe::Rubio beat up and not playing like normal, bet the Clips dominant at home 11-2 and TW terrible road team, they looked tired in La last game road trips do that at this time of the year, Xmas shopping and family issues hard when your on a trip
Eric Young::K. Love puts up Lebron type numbers. If he could get a defensive game he could enter into all time great discussions. A few 50 point games won't hurt either.
Eric Brown::Kevin Love won't do that and he is far from an all time great. You don't see Penny Hardaway in all time great discussions and he used to put up insane numbers.
Marcus Grein::lol Lebron dont rebound llike klove and klove dont efficiency like lbj do.
Chris Beyer::The only issue with Love being considered an all time Great is that he is white.   Remember all the BS they said about Bird.   Couldn't jump, rarely dunked.  I suppose to you Bird wasnt an all time great either.
Jeffrey Nicholas::Clippers fans have any thoughts regarding their defensive front court? Pek and Love combining for 80 points isn't inspiring...
Dave Gigante::Prob same thoughts Wolves have if either of those two get injured. Can't anyone else on your team score?
Jeffrey Nicholas::Dave Gigante I'm not a Wolves fan. I'm just a curious basketball fan trying to figure out if Doc will be able to turn the Clippers into legitimate contenders.
Dave Gigante::Jeffrey Nicholas Oops! We Clips fans a bit full of ourselves lately. My bad. And you're right.
David Zimmerman::I just hope we finally get to see KLove perform in the playoffs this year. Otherwise, it won't really matter what he does in the regular season.
Jake Johnson::What does jj barea do for adelmen . To let him play late In the 4th quarter in like every games. I mean he hand are colder then minnesota.
Ali Lukie Ozeir::wow what a game! I love watching Blake play vs Love every time they play each other they both have great games.
Jeff Wright::Watch Blake take 4 blatant steps for a layup jam....#NBArefs #hoy
