.Pumbaa.::Celtis are bad and old
27toothless27::Delusional??
TitletownJoal::No Rondo? Sullinger?  No problem...Which team has the NBA's longest current winning streak?....  Nuff said!
Pete Carroll likes to Dance::this team will win the championship and then next year rondo and sully will be coming in off the bench....   and we will repeat next year... pierce will retire after next season and then green will step into his role.    the following year they will win again and  KG will retire and Sully/Fab and some other big will step into his role...   3-peat dynasty...
HarpoHarper::The way I see it is it had nothing to do with Rondo that the team wasn't playing well, and it was that the newer players were not quite there yet, and he AND Sullinger getting hurt created an urgency, and everyones minutes increased, and now they NEEDED to step up and ALL of them did, including PP and KG, so if Rondo alone or he and Sully came back, they are playing such great team ball that Rondo's assists will go down and maybe even way down when he will finally have everyone playing as a team, and like Bird and Cousy, Rondo will begin to see that it isn't just the assist so much that he will be known for, but now he will see these guys moving around without the ball and he will make the right decision with that first pass that creates a mismatch, and if there is one mismatch there, it means there is another somewhere else, and he will see it so much faster than anyone else on the team is capable of, that the ball will start to whip around the court, whether the half court or the fast break, and he will finally have all the tools to show why he is the best field general in the game with out a doubt!!   Rondo is an amazing player, and he has the best talent now that he has had since being here, because now they have plenty of speed and everyone here is capable of stepping up as we have been seeing the bench out score the starters many times, yet always contributing points and being at least 60/40.  Green is playing amazing ball, and his D has really picked up, and anyone who doesn't see how well he is playing is just stuck on tying to prove he sucks!!  I am so impressed by their play, and it shows we have some great talent here beyond KG and PP to build around in the next year or two!!
HarpoHarper::Imagine if they realized tomorrow that the operation was minor, and he would be back in April, people forget he is a pass pass pass first PG, the best at that in the game, and this is what he was waiting for all season, and now he has the half court game clicking on all 5 cylinders, and the fast break now will really take off and the blend of both is ideal to win the whole thing in June!!  I love Rondo and I saw how good he was as a rookie, the first 5 minutes of watching him!
JBahr25::I also think that losing Rondo didn't make them better, it forced players to step up.    Honestly, I thought they were starting to come around a little before the injury.  They had a 6 game win streak.  Yea there was a 6 game losing streak also but only 2 of those losses were really bad.  The other four with some better bounces could have gone our way.
JBahr25::If Dallas beats Atlanta tonight and the Celtics win tonight, then the Celtics will be tied for the 6 seed and only a game behind the Nets for the 5 seed.  Go Celtics!  The 4 seed is still a possibility for the playoffs!
samdag2::Honestly as long as they don't play the Heat in rd 1, who cares?  I'm not convinced that the Knicks are any better than the Pacers or the Bulls even as they stand now without Granger/Rose.  I suppose a 4th seed would be nice just to have home court in rd 1, but other than that don't see much difference between slots 4-7.
ByzantineX::I think the pacers could beat the celtics in a series, but we'll have to see how D Rose is when he comes back to judge the bulls.
JBahr25::not really, The Knicks can win the atlantic and get the 2 seed.  Then the Celtics just have to catch either the Bulls or Pacers.  Both will be difficult to catch because they both have an all-star coming back to them pretty soon.
TitletownJoal::one game..one series at a time.
alexj26602::you need to win the atlantic div to win 4th
Road dog Red::A debate is occurring over on the Celtic blog The Great Debate: Rondo-less C's and Vinaldo already has stated what i feel about the situation. -ok, im starting to get bored with these articles/discussions etc. iv had enough. WHY are we talking CONSTANTLY after EVERY win about ONE player?!?!?! last time i checked this is a TEAM sport, and do you know what... that is exactly what we are starting to look like... A TEAM!!!
JBahr25::Impressive, holding a debate with yourself.
Road dog Red::so its time for some people to actually make a decision within themselves, are they rondo fans, or are they fans of the BOSTON CELTICS, who rondo happens to be a very good player for... NO PLAYER IS EVER BIGGER THAN THE TEAM
Road dog Red::NEWSFLASH: THIS HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH RONDO!!! this is about the BOSTON CELTICS and the chemistry THIS (rondo-less) TEAM has found. it is this precise pressure and constant discussion about rondo that will either feed the fire in the team to success or actually make them crack under pressure...
Road dog Red::i love rondo, he is one of the best point guards in the world, nobody can deny that, but seriously, can we start to celebrate what the players that are still here, doing the business, night in night out, are actually doing here. i get the impression from some of these writers, and most of all particular celtics "fans" that while they are riding the crest of this 7 win streak, they are waiting for us to lose, waiting for a slump, so they can say "i told you so, we are worse without rondo"
Road dog Red::so
samdag2::God, against my better judgement this team is roping me in.  I knew PP and KG were going to continue to play with pride and heart, but the way they are doing so while also elevating their level of play (along with everyone around them) is truly special.  I still have serious doubts about this team in the playoffs (can they sustain this type of play through  the grind of a 6 or 7 game series without a guy like Rondo in the lineup?) but at the very least they are playing an inspiring and passionate brand of basketball that makes me very happy to be a Celtics fan.
jzf2012::They are not my team but I have come to love the Celtics.  I also hate the Heat.  Something about them I just can't stand.
cdub2103::Amen, samdag.
samdag2::Sports is just like any other business, with players getting paid massive salaries to essentially put on a show regardless of whether they win or lose.  It's rare when you find a group of players who legitimately seem to care about the TEAM as much as the fans do.  This squad does.  PP and KG in particular take such pride in their craft and understand the obligation they have everytime time they step on the court.  Enjoy these guys while you can C's fan.
samdag2::However it shakes out, as a sports fan I'd so much rather root for a team like this and have them lose in the first rd of the playoffs than root for a soulless team like the Heat and watch them win a championship.
Pete Carroll likes to Dance::pierce and KG were also relying on rondo too much... they all of a sudden realized they had to step up their game.. same with the bench....also, doc's coaching decisions have been smarter the last few games.. he shouldn't have relied on rondo so much in the first place...
Tricksta8822::Pierce played the most minutes by far (54.) The oxygen tank on the sideline was put in overdrive and probably ran out!
Stumpy9345::What a great win. The Celtics showed the grit and the grind and came out with the biggest victory of the season. Two weeks ago Celtics would have let this one slip after giving up a twelve point lead.
cdub2103::Grit AND balls. Can't forget about the balls.  http://www.celticstown.com/2012/05/02/kevin-garnetts-grit-and-balls-interview/
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Are the Celtics going to continue to suit up Fab Melo just to not have him play? If he's not ready, let him tear up the D-League some more, get some much needed experience. What's the point of having him just sit there and watch?
is_what_it_is::@ ThatsGoodSoup 7963- I go to as many games as I can. He also owns the semi pro team that I play for so he's constantly providing tickets to get the team together.  Games are extremely inexpensive any way...
samdag2::Melo should be nowhere near an NBA arena at this point, unless he's there as a fan.  So far away from being useful at this level.
is_what_it_is::^^^^^^  I agree here too...
cdub2103::They need the big bodies right now
ThatsGoodSoup7963::That makes sense.
cdub2103::I wouldn't be surprised if Ainge pulled off a deal for a serviceable big man, and then we won't see Fab again this year.
cdub2103::More of an emergency situation i think
ThatsGoodSoup7963::I agree with that, but Fab Melo DNP-Coach's decision again. I don't understand the tactic.
is_what_it_is::I agree!  One of my close friends is part owner of the Red Claws here in Maine.  We love having Melo on the floor!!!
ThatsGoodSoup7963::That's cool. Do you get to go to any games?
ESPNstatrat::Im out Celtics haters and Denver fans. Time to go heckle the Miami/LA geeks. Good fun lol
dradam69::Go find a f#####ing a job.
cdub2103::You're here?
maxcrusader::I thought the Celts season was over when Rondo went down. Doc &amp; the boys just prove I don't know s**t. Keep it up guys.
ESPNstatrat::As Jason Terry said last night never underestimate the heart of a champion
Dark Darwin::Fantastic game.  Two great teams.  We all like to get down on the NBA, but teams such as this are what make it really interesting.
ESPNstatrat::Should have been the main article on ESPN but Miami/La took that from us
ESPNstatrat::Just curious. If Boston finishes in the 4th seed or better do they try and trade Rondo in the offseason?
oguhmas::I don't know much about the situation, but you guys are playing great without him and you'd definitely get a lot in return.
37376::Crazy as it may sound, with the way the C's are playing right now they can afford to trade Rondo. Plus by most accounts Doc Rivers really feels like he's a pain in the lower digestive tract to have to coach, even with the good things he brings to the table.
HarpoHarper::So you dump maybe the best playoff player in the game, because he is a little erratic at times? He makes his team better, and if he came back in a week or two and the Doctors realize he had only a minor injury, and he got on the floor again, the other players are playing so well, he will find he can make a great pass to create mismatches now, and that opens up a play moving the ball around to create a basket, and he will see this much much faster than anyone else on the team can, and this was Bird and Cousy's greatest gift. Assist are easy and any PG can get them, but in the half court, it is more about getting plays to open up and get mismatches, and even on the fast break, he now has guys who are all looking out for each other and the passing will rise to a far higher level than it is now!!   Let's realize something, Rondo doesn't like to have to score, but he can when needed and now he will have almost every player out there who is capable of passing the ball very well, and he will love this more than anyone else!!   Rondo loves when he is a pass first PG, and that has not been possible this year, simply because the team hadn't jelled, and now HE was the CATALYST that created this jelling into a team, and if you don't think, this team would be much better now if suddenly he could come back in April, then you don't know Rondo and you don't know the game!!
cdub2103::Doubtful. With Paul and KG near the end, it would be foolish to throw away a franchise PG.
_I Am A Celtic_::Depends on what they're trading him for, but most likely, NO
Jimmy30313::NO
ESPNstatrat::Not what I want but we all know Danny Strange has done weirder things
SouthStands::What a game! Congrats to the Celtic fans...Boston earned that victory!  Really enjoyed watching it...would have liked a different outcome, but man, that was a good game. I agree with oguhmas when he said that Miller threw that game away. I really am questioning Karl with Miller and Lawson in the game late. In my mind, Ty is much better at running the point and creating his shot. I would have liked to see Brewer or even Jordan Hamilton in the game to give the Nuggets another spot up shooter. Having Miller in the game at that juncture is a straight up liability.
_I Am A Celtic_::Prior to the game, most C's fans were giving Denver a ton of credit for being a solid team.  We beat you, so now let us enjoy it.
37376::Lot of us have been sleeping on Denver (including me). Didn't know they had a record that good. This might be the sign of a turning point for the Celtics. We'll see.
_I Am A Celtic_::dradam69 - cdub2103 - Schedule is part of the game too. Live with it.  Your damn right and I'd say considering Denver's brutal schedule they are looking pretty good. :)  --------- You definitely have a good point there.  Looking at Denver's schedule, you guys are 3-7 in back to back games.  It's not even the all-star break yet and you guys have played a bunch of back to backs already.  You must have pissed off someone in the scheduling department
dradam69::We obvioulsy did. Denver's first 17 out of 23 games I believe were on the road.
oguhmas::.
Jimmy30313::Then stop making excuses. If Pierce can hit a clutch 3 over Lebron, then aint no way Iggy was gonna stop him
oguhmas::Iggy's only 6-6, but still would've been completely different. The right play in the first place would have been to foul.
dradam69::You tell me numb nuts if Pierce would have had a 6-9 Iggy (versus 6-4 Miller )in his mug, the odds significantly decline in pierce making that shot. In all likelihood he would have not made it. Game over. He did make the shot regardless, kudos to him and the Celtics. See you in Denver next week.
oguhmas::Pierce made a great play, but you can't seriously think Miller's defense would have been the same as Iggy's. Iggy's defensive stats are actually better than LeBron's in almost every category.
dradam69::By the way bro. The Celtics are my 2nd favorite team. I was just making a point about Denver's brutal schedule and how tough it is to play in Denver, then all of a sudden Bos fans are jumping all over me. I have no sour grapes. Best game of the year in the NBA, but of course the Lakers grab all of the headlines.
oguhmas::Its been pretty crazy. 18 of first 23 on the road. Both times we play at OKC its the second day of a back to back. Played at LAC on second of a back to back and obviously last night. Already have another at Brooklyn on Wednesday.
ESPNstatrat::Nba fact. Denvers 3 home losses were not part of back to back games. Each loss was 2 days after theyre last game
oguhmas::Lost a close one to the Heat and the other two were horrible (Minny and Washington).
oguhmas::Ty Lawson: 13-22 for 29 points on mostly drives and ZERO free throw attempts. You kidding me? What a great game for Lawson. Too bad Miller threw away that effort.
_I Am A Celtic_::So many ridiculous shots from Miller
_I Am A Celtic_::Indeed
oguhmas::Yep, he shouldn't be taking threes ever. Much less at the times he did. Also had some bad TOs. All in all it was a great game though. Rematch in Denver in a week will be awesome.
_I Am A Celtic_::Denver's bench last night - 40 points  Boston's - 51
dradam69::You Celtics fans are hilarious. Denver just came off of a back to back on the road and your team stillbarely beat them. Denver shot the ball terribly. I wouldn't get too high off of that win.
Jimmy30313::No one said they aren't
cdub2103::So what are you talking about then? It's only unfair when you're not doing well?
dradam69::cdub2103 - Schedule is part of the game too. Live with it.  Your damn right and I'd say considering Denver's brutal schedule they are looking pretty good. :)
Jimmy30313::So is back to back games. And Pierce has made clutch shots over Lebron before so there goes that argument
_I Am A Celtic_::Take your own advice.  Back-to-backs are apart of the game.  Overtime is apart of the game and prior to last night, your team was undefeated. You lost one game, talk about sour grapes
cdub2103::Schedule is part of the game too. Live with it.
dradam69::_I Am A Celtic_ - Spare us your excuses dude. We're missing our all-star point guard and our best low post threat  Who gives a sh###t. We lost our best defensive player for the second half. If Iggy would have been playing, I would have bet the farm pierce would not have made that  last 3 to tie the game. Injuries are a part of the game. Live with it.
cdub2103::You act like a back-to-back should mean an automatic loss? You're allegedly the 4th best team in the league. Should that matter that much? Especially if theyre such a bunch of geriatrics?
_I Am A Celtic_::Denver shot 42.5% on the night  Boston shot 39.8%.  There goes that argument
Jimmy30313::Its just another win. But are you really still beating that dead horse?
_I Am A Celtic_::Spare us your excuses dude.  We're missing our all-star point guard and our best low post threat
dradam69::Celts get 6 days of rest before they play Den next week. Den had to play BOS on the end of a back to back. Den has really taken it up the a### this year with their schedule. It won't matter though, The Nuggs will be ready regardless. Good luck Celts coming to Denver. You better have your running shoes on.
Jimmy30313::Playing in Denver doesn't scare me
cdub2103::Why would they run more at home?
Jimmy30313::We will see
dradam69::Jimmy30313 - Ok Ill give you altitude, we just beat that great bench. Im not worried. It will be another tough game  Make sure your geriatric players have plenty of Oxygen then. They are going to need it. At home Denver runs teams right off of the court, it will be no different with the Celts. Good luck anyway.
Jimmy30313::Ok Ill give you altitude, we just beat that great bench. Im not worried. It will be another tough game
cdub2103::Denver also has the 3rd best home record in the NBA
ESPNstatrat::I have a clue. Denvers 3 home losses were to Miami, Minnesota and Washington. While Miami is an expected loss I dont know how you lose to Minnesota and Washington in the same season
dradam69::Jimmy30313 - It has 2 hoops and is the same dimensions as every other court.  Don't forget altitude and the best bench in the NBA.
Jimmy30313::It has 2 hoops and is the same dimensions as every other court.
dradam69::Well then, you have no clue about basketball. LOL
Pusherman3::Dear Andre Miller,  Please, never take a 3 pointer again.  At the end of games, give the ball to Gallo or Ty and get out of the way.  Signed, every Nuggets fan everywhere
dradam69::We would not  have even made it to overtime without Andre. As A Nuggets fan, don't include me with that stupid comment.
Pusherman3::He is the worst shooter on the team that gets regular minutes and took an unbelievably bad shot with ten seconds left in the third OT that had no chance of going in...which was one possession after he kicked the ball to the C's.  Dre has a lot of positive attributes, shooting is not one of them.  After working their b u tts off all day, GK's trust guy let them down.
ESPNstatrat::No trolls? So i guess that means Jason isnt on? lol. Nice game last night. Could have gone either way but Pierce and KG were beast in the OT to make it go our way.
habs fans cant stop me::at least we got no trolls
Jimmy30313::It was crazy right after the game finished
Jimmy30313::True that
habs fans cant stop me::the more titles you have the more haters you have
Jimmy30313::It was mainly haters
habs fans cant stop me::i dont blame them when you lose in 3 ot you get mad
_I Am A Celtic_::Really was
habs fans cant stop me::$@%! off denver fans and celtics haters
Pepsolman::Who is Hondo?  - D-Rose
Jimmy30313::John "Hondo" Havlicek
cdub2103::To me, the real reason the Celtics have gone on this streak is not necessarily because they are better without Rondo, but that Rondo doesn't give 100% effort every regular season game like we're seeing now. Its just a matter of getting a bunch of young guys out there that are giving everything they've got. And that is the true problem with Rondo; his disinterest on a nightly basis unless the TNT or ABC cameras are rolling.
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Go CELTICS. My two cousins rode in a limo from Western MA to the Garden last night. Color me jealous, what a game to go to!
codygleash54::pierce better than rondo
Jimmy30313::Different positions. It's like saying "Jerry Rice better than Joe Montana"
habs fans cant stop me::the celtics will be the wildcard team of the playoffs
ynot1825::Ty Lawson played out of his mind.....
cdub2103::It's too bad the West is so loaded with talented guards, because he deserves an all-star spot.
ynot1825::Celtics won shooting under 40% for the game....B2B with a young team is a BS excuse...Celtics beat a younger and hungry team. playing a sub par game...Good game from both sides with a lot of effort.
TheKilbo::I think Jason Terry just shot another 3 pointer!
Zcrib...Shackle::Rondo is a cancer. As his role has increased on the Celtics, they have gotten worse and worse. He goes down, and they start playing great basketball. C's need to play through Pierce not Rondo
brunick1::Wrong
Road dog Red::They'll be fine w/o him in the playoffs
PP owns Rondo::I agree with this 100%. We still need Rondo in the playoffs though.
habs fans cant stop me::i fell bad for mj that his team sucks
Pete Carroll likes to Dance::in the last 6 games ray allen has made ONE three point shot...
Road dog Red::Judas was right about Rondo though
brunick1::smh stop being so disrespectful
TheKilbo::LBJ, with 30+ points in the last 5 games, has been ball-hogging!
Zcrib...Shackle::but Chalmers is setting 3 point records lol
brunick1::LOL
yoitsbrandon::oh stop it the nuggets were playing back to back on the road and it took you three ots to finally luck out.  face it your just another par east team
yoitsbrandon::in a week when you guys come to denver you'll see just how aged boston really is
Jimmy30313::Experience &gt; youth
yoitsbrandon::so the home crowd is not an element to you...that would be a matter of opinion
Jimmy30313::No it's not. These are professional athletes, no team has ever won or lost because of the crowd
yoitsbrandon::and you can't use your excuse of rondo being out and then in the same breath have fans say you don't need him
Jimmy30313::We do need him
yoitsbrandon::you were better than the nuggets on a back to back road night and it took you three ots.  you're coming to our place in a week.  smack talk then
Jimmy30313::There is no home court advantage in the NBA. It it played indoors. There are no elements
Jimmy30313::Thats the NBA. We are playing a back-to-back tonight
PP owns Rondo::No excuses. We didn't have our starting pg.
brunick1::Better than the Nuggets at least
charlie hustle bets the over::3 OT's at TD Garden.  be real
ChippewaDave::Rajon who?!?
brunick1::RONDO
Road dog Red::-Terry: "I'll take experience over youth and athleticism any day. Especially in this league.-  speaking of  KG vs. Faried
charlie hustle bets the over::for one year, sure.  depends on the context. can't build a team around KG built for the future at this point.
Celtics_Red Sox_Pats_Mavs::Celtics should finish 49-33
Road dog Red::50-32
MilkyD79::The Celtics are for real.... They're going all the way, baby!!!
Genghis Kittah::Lol
_I Am A Celtic_::KG - 20 points, 18 boards, 6 assists, 3 blocks Farried - 14 points, 12 boards, 1 assist, 1 block  Now where did all those people go who said Farried would OWN KG?
Road dog Red::same ones that said Earl Clark would dominate by any chance???
_I Am A Celtic_::Nah, that was just lakers trash
Jimmy30313::I love Faried, but he is no KG
Road dog Red::Final East Standings  1. Miami  2. BossTown 3. Indiana  4. Chicago 5. New York 6. Brooklyn  7. Atlanta  8. Milwaukee
Chi_Town_Everything::I  understand you're a fan and all but lets try to be realistic here.
Road dog Red::more like it
PP owns Rondo::Lol, I don't know about that.
PP owns Rondo::Will Philly make it?
Jimmy30313::Nope, too late for them
PP owns Rondo::Lol
Chi_Town_Everything::Final East Standings 1. Miami 2. New York 3. Chicago 4. Indiana 5. Boston 6. Brooklyn 7. Atlanta 8. Milwaukee
Celtics_Red Sox_Pats_Mavs::Looks good but I rather face Brooklyn than Scary Indiana
PP owns Rondo::I can go with this. I hope Boston gets to 4 though.
Jimmy30313::Looks about right
Road dog Red::yer about to LOSE come WEDNESDAY
Chi_Town_Everything::We will see. That still wont change what I posted.
Road dog Red::Atlanta wants to deal josh Smith.. Brooklyn wants him.. looks like they need a 3rd team... what would it take to land Andre Blatche here,...  anybody got any ideas, scenarios C'mon guys lets put our head together
Road dog Red::and throw in Bass... cap relief... lol
Jimmy30313::Move Collins the hell out of here, Ill say that much
Road dog Red::yeah.. Collins for Blatche might work
_I Am A Celtic_::Blatche would be nice, but the guy isn't even making a $1mil.  Not sure his salary really helps in the matter
Road dog Red::i mean HEADS..lol
PP owns Rondo::Duke won't make it far in the NCAA Tourney. Probably to the Sweet 16 and that's it.
_I Am A Celtic_::Further than Clemson
Jimmy30313::"Paaaauuuullll Piiierrcce fooorrrrr threeeeeeee!!!!!" -Eddie Paladino
Road dog Red::GOTTTTTTT IT
PP owns Rondo::Lol
PP owns Rondo::PP does it again. He did the same thing to Matt Barnes last week and he sized up Andre Miller last night. Can't let him get a clutch 3 off right now. The man is money.
Road dog Red::they'll have nightmares
PP owns Rondo::Test
Road dog Red::Paul Pierce forrrrrrrr THREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
PP owns Rondo::PP is a beast in the clutch.
Road dog Red::yer ON
PP owns Rondo::How are you Road Dog?
_I Am A Celtic_::Leave
PP owns Rondo::Shut up. Duke is lucky as hell.
