vickyvnj::lol - Typical wesuckcheesetown Wisconsin shenanigans!  :D  Just like the peckers.  Can't win no matter what.  WI teams puff up their fans and then fall over and die like scrawny quails.  Sorry, but it is inevitable. :D
NoPoints4SecondPlace::This coming from a d-bag that puts smiley faces at the end of their sentences.  Brilliant.
csmeech::If Dwight thinks the league will ever allow another Lebron, Wade and Bosh type deal to happen again he is nuts. The best he can hope for is to team up with 1 other top player. I do think he'd be better off to sign a short term deal with orlando to force them into making better moves. Right now, if orlando had a top point guard like Dwill, they would be tough to beat. If he thinks he'll see the finals with another team in less than 3 years after all they would have to give up just to get him, well...he's dreaming. Hanging out short term in Orlando is the fastest way to win an NBA championship.
maulme316::yikes..a moving van is by the bradley center and the team is headed to kansas city...why isnt this newsworthy?
Jonbroni8842::Anyone think Larry Sanders did a nice job on D12 when he was in tonight? Would like to see them just throw it in and play the kids.
twinstj2008::I thought Leuer did a pretty good job as well.  I just do not understand why Skiles is so afraid to play Leuer more.  It seems like there is an epidemic in the NBA to play player purely on popularity and not output.  Leuer has been the best big we have had all year...is he flashy..no but he gets the job done.  I do like the fact that Jackson is finally not seeing the court.  He is a defensive liability and frankly he reminds me way too much of Salmons and Maggette.
jimjam1234::Get D12 some help down low so he doesn't have to do ALL the heavy lifting and nothing will stop Orlando. Ryan Anderson is just a tall small forward. Get a defender, rebounder for the PF position and a PG who can defend and distribute and it's over. Reddick will kill em from outside and Anderson a matchup nightmare for a SF. Maybe start Big Baby? Idk but I think the coach might be the problem.
csmeech::and the sad part is that wherever D12 goes it will be years before he gets back to the Finals.  Wherever he goes will have to give up too much to get him.  Realistically, he would do better to hang with the Magic.  They at least have a shot at going deep into the playoffs.  The cap screwups will work themselves out and they would be able to pick up the players they need.  He has plenty of years left in him.  He just needs to learn to be patient.
csmeech::Yeah.. a decent point guard would have kept dwight.  The problem is it's too late
DTangMF::thats why I think Orl should go after Ramon Session, the guy is on the trading block and he is cheap, Ramon is a lot better than Jameer.
c_more::just about anyone would be an upgrade over Jameer. since they made the finals they have traded everyone except D12 and Jameer. it's time for a new point guard no matter how close he is to Dwight.
c_more::the problem is Jameer Nelson. argueably one of the worst starting PG's in the league. the guy can't shoot, pass, or defend. ever since that shoulder injury in 09, the guy has been a bum.
bbomberguy::The other problem is Jammer is Howards best friend on the team, take him away and thats just asking dwight to leave
Bhintage::D12, CP3, DWill.  The NBA has the worst nicknames for their players.
trollslayer14::how clever and funny
c_more::you would think that.
Bhintage::T.urd12, Crap3, D.ouscheWill.  that's better.
jimjam1234::I miss the good old days when stars wanted to build a team around them and beat the other stars. Now they're all looking to jump to the easiest scenario to get a championship. I don't blame Lebron for leaving Cleveland, but the choice of Miami makes him a chump. If D12 does a similar move I lose respect for him, too. Orlando can attract the players to win and are willing to spend the money and make the moves. If D12 stays he'll get a ring within four years. You couldn't say the same for Lebron in Cleveland, but he shoulda went to the Clippers or the Nets.
csmeech::Well. I disagree with you on the LBJ issue.  With that opportunity staring you in the face you take it.  However, if Dwight thinks the league will ever allow that to happen again he is nuts.  The best he can hope for is to team up with 1 other top player.  I do think he'd be better off to sign a short term deal with orlando to force them into making better moves.  Right now, if orlando had a top point guard like Dwill, they would be tough to beat.  If he thinks he'll see the finals with another  team in less than 3 years after all they would have to give up just to get him, well...he's dreaming.  Hanging out short term in Orlando is the fastest way to win an NBA championship.
Paul Revere and The Raiders::Why can't D-Will force a trade to Orlando? The Magic have enough pieces to make it happen, and they are 10x better than the Nets
csmeech::Dwill already said "there are no starters on this team".  He's leaving
DTangMF::We'll never know what Otis will do at the trade deadline, last season when he pulled the JRich and Gilbert trade I woke up shocked, and the Bass for Davis trade this offseason...
csmeech::Bass for Davis was another huge mistake
AlphaBambi::thank you she was diagnosed with leukemia last year, harder and harder to talk . and i do understand there are a lot of idiots out here
c_more::yeah and i'll keep in mind how Brooks Lopez is a great player as well. enjoy last place!
trollslayer14::well i wish ur friend the best and a full recovery. im going to bed. cmore i hope u post on these boards when dwight is a net so i can make fun of u more. re think this convo, go back and look at it and u will realize hopefully how dumb u sounded
c_more::haha. dumb as in making up inflated stats on a guy who isn't a top 40 player. you have a great season with that guy since he's so great.
trollslayer14::nope just sooo many dumb trolls on these boards. and im sorry about ur friend
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::I dont like Stan and hope he gets fired I made this name just to shed some light on him and Dwight hates Stan if you cant see that your Blind
AlphaBambi::yeah, nice name trollslayer, what are you 5?
trollslayer14::u will feel really dumb when u look up lopez's 10-11 stats lol
c_more::once again last year is irrelevant. the guy is coming off a major injury this season you r_etard.
trollslayer14::u keep talkin about him averaging 9 pts this year like it means something. he played 1 game hahaha. and i said he is a 20 ppg player, which he was last year. his rookie year he was young and that skews the stats. go by the most recent year cause that shows the level he is at now.
c_more::read my comment d_ouche CAREER stats not last season, and he only averages 9 since coming back. you are not very bright
AlphaBambi::its my best friend's favorite movie who has cancer.
trollslayer14::go look up his stats from last year u idiot. and u type 9 ppg this year like it means anything lol, he played 1 game so far. that is $@%!$@%!
c_more::Bynum not hurt this year unlike your boy. oops, made you look stupid there
trollslayer14::lol lopez never missed a game b4 this injury. bynum is injured EVERY YEAR. its diffrent to have a injury, and a guy thats constantly hurt.  his knees are made of glass. plus dwight doesnt wana play in la.
c_more::well you're talking about last season like tha means anything right now.b4 the guy had a major injury. if we trade for a hurt center we will trade for Bynum.
trollslayer14::with a name like alphababmi i hope ur a female. dwill never expressed any want to leave, he wants to stay just wants help. dwight has expressed that he wants out, and will not stay in orlando. is that too hard to understand? the guy doesnt want to stay there, its over.
c_more::what about the bs 20 pts a game??? hahaha. it must hurt pulling those stats out your a_ss.
c_more::thanx Alpha. finally someone with some sense.
AlphaBambi::Also, its not even close how much better Orlando's role players are than the Nets.  The Magic have plenty of tradable players.
c_more::now who is ignorant. the guy has never averaged 20 pts. a game. 17 is his career and 9 this season since coming back. thank you try again.
trollslayer14::u said he never averaged 20 ppg which is what i said, never said anything about career avg. now go back to nba.com and look up his stats for 2010-2011 season. when u see how dumb u r, bash ur head against the wall for awhile/
c_more::nba.com idiot. 17.4 pts for CAREER average. learn how to read and comprehend b4 you go talking s_hit.
trollslayer14::hahaha where u get ur info from ignoramus. he averaged 20 ppg last year. look it up genius.
AlphaBambi::I am a "very smart magic fan" and i really think its stupid that D will wouldn't come down to Orl with Howard.  Obviously Williams doesn't care about winning either.  And truly I don't believe the Nets do.  In NY its all about the $$$$$
trollslayer14::haha not a top 40 player ok. he is a 20 plus ppg 7 footer. he needs to work on certain parts of his game(d rebounding), but is still very good. he is also only 23, and will improve in every stat.
c_more::i guess they are dumb then to trade a top 5 player in the league for scraps. only you believe Lopez is a stud. he's not even a top 40 player in the league.
c_more::go troll the Nets comment section you t_wat. Orlando isn't trading Dwight for a bust a_ss Brooks lopez and 5 picks. just not happening. they will keep him and offer him the most money during freeagency. don't know if he'll accept, but do know he would win a championship quicker if he stays than if he leaves.
DTangMF::Brook Lopez will leave the Nets, after what the Nets done to him, I dont believe he will want to stay.
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::shoe sponsers are worth way more than Max contracts these days open your eyes D.Rose just got 250mill
trollslayer14::haha some1 is mad. im not trolling at all. if the magic dont accept that trade they are dumb, and d12 will walk like shaq did. that way he can come to the nets as a free agent. we can keep our picks draft a stud and make lopez a power foward or trade him for  a solid player. also marshon brooks is going to be a STUD. 25 ppg type player, but ignorant fans like u wouldnt know that. u just know star players and make dumb speculations.
c_more::whatever. they would trade him for Bynum and Gasol b4 that trade would ever go down.
trollslayer14::see stan van is a smart magic fan, cmore u are a dumb one.
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::yeah im sure the Magic want to pay gasol 40 million in 2 years
trollslayer14::gasol might be traded to another team by 2morrow. gasol is also old, and bynum is chronically hurt. the guy never played a full season in his career. his knees are made of glass. also dwight said if hes traded to la he would test free agency, meaning he doesnt wana go there. sound dumb again.
trollslayer14::lol those were rumors that were never proven. lopez humphries morrow and draft picks would be a very good trade. get a solid center power foward and one of the best 3 pt shooters in nba history(look it up if u dont belive me). draft picks are also valuable. like i said b4 we can take on turkoglu's terrible contract so u gain salary cap room. once again u prove u know nothing.
c_more::a good trade? you don't have anyone except DWill. who in the hell would Orlando want other than him in a trade? you obviously know nothing because the last time your team tampered with Orlando, the Magic gave you the big kabosh on your proposed trade.
trollslayer14::and u think the supporting cast is better? u say look at the records lol what a joke, orlando wouldnt have half the wins they do know if u take howard out of the line up. anderson is the only solid player besides d12. dwill is 1000X better then jameer. its hard for ignorant fans to realize though
zerkcs::and how many wins would the nets have without dwill..?
trollslayer14::it was shot down cause they thought they could maybe convince dwight to stay. dwight hasnt backed off his trade demands. it is also smart for them to keep dwight for as long as possible. the more games the nets lose, the better the draft pick we send is. also the longer dwight is in orlando the more wins they get and more seats they sell. got that or is it too much for a narrow minded person like u to take in???
c_more::wrong on every account. the same trade you propsed was already shot down. you are speculating on a guy from another team when you need to worry about just keeping DWill.
trollslayer14::i have stated facts about salary, about trade assets, and shot down every single one of ur lame theories. ask stan van a smart magic fan, i bet he agrees with me on everything
c_more::and you are spoutting facts? your teams horrible and only you have the inside scoopthat D12 is going to NJ? who is ignorant. enjoy the Jersey Shore you moron
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::they wont they will trade 4 Dwight in the next few days
trollslayer14::enjoy sounding ignorant in every single one of ur posts. u claim things that are false, and just make lame speculations. u have shown 0 bball intelligence.
c_more::so how can NJ sign two max players but not Dallas?
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::D-Will wont go to Dallas they have to trade Marion good luck with that
c_more::enjoy being one of the worst teams in the league and watching DWill sign with Dallas in the offseason.
trollslayer14::umm they have cap room for both lol. they even have enough to take on turkoglu's terrible contract. this is what makes the nets a good trade partner for orlando to dump salary on a terrible contract. u clearly know nothing
_MagiCanes_::You are not taking into account what NJ would have to give in a trade for Howard...players and draft picks. Then what options does NJ have? Best scenario for them is to acquire him through free agency but there will be stiff competition for him if that scenario were to happen. Maybe you know nothing?
c_more::you are in dreamland. how the Nets will sign Dwight and DWill for max contracts and still keep the rest of their roster??? not going to happen. a better supporting cast in Orlando than NJ. look at lineups and records if you dont believe me.
csmeech::No way he ends up with Nets.  The Nets are garbage.  So many other more appealing places than the Nets.  They are an awful awful team.  It won't happen
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::No the 30 mill is overblown in all this Howard wants to be traded/ they could get him in free agency
trollslayer14::wow u r dumb. dwill wants to stay and open up the new arena in brooklyn in the best city in the world. he knows dwight is leaving, and knows he wants to be a net. so he will let it play out and in all likely hood they will be teamates here. y would he demand a trade to orlando lol?
bbomberguy::Anderson, J,J, Turkoglu
zerkcs::if he wants to be a net so bad why hasn't he signed an extension?  and new york is FAR from the best city in the world. smh..  trade pieces are: jameer, you'd have to give him up to get d-will, jj reddick, anderson, and potentially big baby if they wanted the depth i guess
trollslayer14::plus who does orlando have 2 trade lol? they have no tradeable assets. anderson is the only one, and ur lucky the nets really blew it with him to have him in the 1st place.
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::Dwights leaving 1 bad apple makes the whole bunch rotten thats what Dwights doing to the Magic
c_more::i've wondered this myself. if D12 and DWill want to play together and win, it would make more sense for him to come to Orlando than viceversa.
korn7860::Bucks get Gasol and J rich Lakers get Udrih, Moute and Gooden Magic get Jackson and Delfino  I think J rich, Jennings and Gasol can get the Bucks to the 7 seed, and if Bogut can stop getting this freak injuries, would have a really legit team next season.  3 seasons from now it doesnt work, with this core you proved to Jennings you want to win, resign him, Bogut, Gasol and Rich are off the books, and you can rebuild through the draft and Free Agency.
dpackrules::What makes you think the lakers want them?
korn7860::They desperately want a PG a wing defender and want a PF fill in for Gasol.  Maybe give them a future draft pick as well.
c_more::who the f_uck are Jackson and Delfino?
_MagiCanes_::Not much of an NBA fan are you, lol.
trollslayer14::dwight is texting dwill 2nite. he cant wait to play with a pg like that
bbomberguy::In orlando
csmeech::Dwill is as good as gone.  No chance he stays
trollslayer14::i really hope so(im a nets fan).  im still nervous but i think we got a good shot at landing dwight
_MagiCanes_::LOL how many other teams will be going for Dwight during free agency? Likely better franchises.
c_more::how do the Nets get Howard for nothing in free agency? he'll demand atleast 20-25 mill a season on top of whatever they pay DWill. the result is gutting the rest of the Nets for table scraps or guys signing for the minimum. good luck with that.
trollslayer14::but the nets know if the magic dont trade him they can get him for nothing in free agency. this way they will keep their draft pick and lopez moves to power foward. imagine dwill marshon kidd- gilchrest(draft pick) lopez howard. the nets have more leverage then u think
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::nope Nets will; throw every thing including the kitchen sink to get Dwight or they lose D-Will there in the same boat as Magic
korn7860::In the offseason yes
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::yeah I think its a done deal
Hopsopotamus::I don't know how I am a loyal Bucks fan..... I waste so much god damn time hoping for good things from season to season only to be let down again and again.  Mediocre at best since 2002.  Trading Ray Allen was this biggest mistake in franchise history.   Ahhh the most success I have witnessed from the Bucks in my lifetime..... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p3x732DBtBA
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::has Turk and J-Rich been traded
Chingman10642::Jennings is just another young player who hopped on the bandwagon of superstars talking about playing for other teams.  Jennings, you are a good player, but not a superstar. You still need improvements in your game. You got good, loyal fans in Milwaukee that you just ticked off with your comments.
KohPhanganBoyd::Lin &gt; Jennings
CandySparker::Magical Bucks to Bucks Win!
korn7860::I still want to see Ray Allen back in a Bucks jersey till he retires.
dpackrules::The bucks have not had a go to guy since cassell!  That's the biggest problem with this team the last 10yrs! play great for 3 and a half qtrs and then implode!!
dpackrules::Harris is going to be that guy if they play him. Watched him play in college and he is a beast and gets to the line. play leuer, harris and sit the others. this year is over...
korn7860::Yup, Pau Gasol would help with that issue, because in cold streaks you really need to have a low post threat who can bang and either get an easy shot, or get to the Line, Bucks lack that presence.
jamesbik::Bogut for Gortat &amp; you'd have to take back j.childress contract.
jamesbik::Thank god for amnesty
jamesbik::Im just trying to think of team that might take him.   I cant handle watching bogut for 3 more years at 12.5 million a year
korn7860::Heh, I feel you , and its 14 next year, 15 the year after and 16 the final season, ouch!!!
korn7860::Why would the Suns do that though, wouldnt save them money, seems like a lot to risk on Bogut.
jamesbik::Exactly and you'd get rid of Bogut's horrible contract
korn7860::I like it, you get some defense, and a mobile Center.
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::If the Lockout diddnt end Dwight would have left the Magic with nothing so they might aswell just trade him to get something in return
dpackrules::Bucks are a minor league ball club!
TheCronoMasterMind::Not sure if that's a big insult this season. Seen a lot of D-league players come up, and a few didn't play too badly. Bucks would be just as bad.
dcenate2012::Why do the Bucks suck and drafting
Christopher83483::why do you suck at typing?
TheCronoMasterMind::Hint: "suck AND drafting"
aman12987::Re-read what you have there. Does that make sense to you?
dcenate2012::Oh no I am so sorry I forgot my "k" .
aman12987::Yes.
ARIZONAFAN4EVA::fuckshit
Phunkatron::If Howard got hurt like Bogut did, the Magic would be the same team the Bucks are
korn7860::Yea, because you will get pieces for him, the Bucks do not have a piece to replace Bogut when he is HURT!!!!
mjedwards95::We will be a .650 team without Howard. I believe thats why.
korn7860::A whole season without Howard, at best the Magic are a .500 team, not bad, but far from the .650 to .700 team that can be with him.
TheCronoMasterMind::Magic would still win quite a bit, I think. They wouldn't have a strong center, obviously, and probably turn into a big jump shooting team(they already are with the 3 ball), but I think they'd still be at least a little better than a .500 team.
mjedwards95::You guys believe that the Magic can't even win without Howard? Well I do believe that we can win without Howard. But, we are not trading him.
korn7860::A terrible game is not 50 plus games
mjedwards95::We have won without Howard before while he had a terrible game. So what are you talking about?
dpackrules::magic can't win with howard,,what are you talking about!
Phunkatron::thats your argument,? well the Bucks beat the HEAT TWICE without Bogut, i'm not sitting here using that as an argument of why the Bucks are good
korn7860::Udrih, Mbah a Moute, Jackson and a 2015 unprotected first for Pau Gasol.
korn7860::Think the Lakers would take the deal without the 2015 first?
dcenate2012::Hell no, Bucks need a high draft pick
Hopsopotamus::Are you kidding, Jennings is outta there when his contract is up.  Nobody wants to stay in Milwaukee he has already stated his interest in a larger market.
korn7860::In 2015 draft we will have a fully matured Jennings, Harris, Leuer, Sanders, Ilyasova, that draft pick will be in the 20's
Gt_jackets89::Too much for an aging, slightly above average player.
rjagz10::trade Dwight for Scalabrine straight up
rjagz10::obviously a joke lol
historysportsfan::that would be the biggest trade rip off even more that paul gasol kwame trade
Gt_jackets89::Where's Kareem Abdul-Jabbar when you need him?
dpackrules::He would just leave anyway...
Bhintage::LA, but they don't want him.
Pete Venkman::Trade the Bucks franchise for Columbus Bluejackets straight up..
Gt_jackets89::Columbus Bucks, Milwaukee Blue Jackets, I like it.
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::Trade Dwight for Rajon Rondo Paul Pierce
historysportsfan::would like to see howard go to miami that would be nasty BUT not going to happen
historysportsfan::i don't get the knicks. you would think they would win more games?
rjagz10::hahah...one thing that irks me is when fans of teams who are doing well..want to blow up their team for a superstar...liek the Knicks fans who want to trade Chandler and Amare for Dwight...its dumb
historysportsfan::you got me lol
rjagz10::i know..so why even talk about it lol
rjagz10::yeah stop talking
historysportsfan::i was just joking
MORON_101::i'm such a f.ucking moron FACT i have a van that is more durable than many NBA players FACT
dpackrules::WOW,, how can the bucks be this bad??  Skiles maybe,, Kohl maybe,,
Cushwill096::every player is a role player, there isnt a scorer
TheCronoMasterMind::Howard with 7 turnovers, and still the Magic take the win. Not used to seeing Redick with turnovers, and he made 4. The Bucks had every chance to win it, again. Not sure what there is about the Magic that make the Bucks choke at the end of games.
Gt_jackets89::Its not just the Magic haha
TheCronoMasterMind::True, but the fact that they play hard against good teams, and terrible against bad ones. It makes no sense.
Gt_jackets89::Two teams out of 30 that they have to play
TheCronoMasterMind::They don't seem to choke too hard against the Lakers or Heat, though.
Masta Da Magician::Bogut was taken ahead of CP3 and D-Will right?  And it was the draft the year after Dwight was taken # 1 overall?
MagicBoltzRays::Bogut was drafted in 2005, a year after howard.
jamesbik::I dont remember tj ever being awesome I do remember he couldnt shot and had lots of turnovers.....sounds like  jennings
dcenate2012::Marvin Williams and Bogut what 2 big busts.
jamesbik::Bucks didnt want CP3 cause they had TJ ford.....that worked out
brebarrett2::Tj was awesome before he broke his spine.  hindsight is just soo easy.  marvin williams went 2 lest we forget
Masta Da Magician::Damn that sucks... I feel bad for you Bucks fans...At least when the Magic get the # 1 pick we usually get it right.. LOL
Bhintage::Crystal Paul 3?
ElArtman1973::big baby  http://menterests.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/Glen-Davis-Gay-Superhero.jpg
Phunkatron::Bogut is doing exactly what he is suppose to do,  the only way for small market teams to win is to get a #1 pick, then that #1 pick gets hurt until they get another #1 pick
Masta Da Magician::LOL
MORON_101::have a signed rookie card of LARRY SANDERS. heard that its a good one
mattrbrehm::Is he making an errant pass on the card like he does in real life?
mattrbrehm::Herb Kohl is a terrible senator and an even worse NBA owner. He needs to sell this team or we're NEVER going ANYWHERE
Gt_jackets89::he only wants the bucks so he can say that he owns an NBA team
CheeseheadNation2011::Somebody anybody do the city of Milwaukee a favor and buy the Bucks and get them out of here they are a piece of crap
WatkinsUSMC::THANKS... APPRECIATE IT
WatkinsUSMC::MOTHAAAA FUCCCCCKKKKKKINNNN SEMPER FI!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
WatkinsUSMC::I LEAVE THE 28TH.... BOOOO YAHH!!!!1
Bhintage::Be safe dude.
WatkinsUSMC::HAHHAA.... YEA SOUNDS REALLY GREAT...... GOOD CAREER CHOICE...
Bhintage::Gotta walk the dog.  We'll do this again.  Peace!
Bhintage::Been great the last 15 years, so yeah.
Bhintage::USMC?  Why aren't you in Afganistan?
Bhintage::Yep.  I am.  Great person, work ethic.  Top 100 companies to work for.
WatkinsUSMC::LOL.... YEAH, SOUNDS LIKE UR A WINNER....
WatkinsUSMC::U CLEANED ALL THOSE BED PANS THAT QUICKLY HUH?
Bhintage::No, just liquidated lots of merchandise though.  Sell suits, you know, what business people wear?  No?  No prob.
WatkinsUSMC::WOW.... UR LAME, NICE COME BACK.....
Bhintage::And yours was any better?  NOT!
WatkinsUSMC::THATS BECAUSE U HAVE NO LIFE AND YOUR INTERNET BOYFRIEND LOVES TO TYPE ALL NIGHT WITH U...
Bhintage::Just got home, entertained by making you irritated.
WatkinsUSMC::JUST A LOSER AZZZZ DUDE IN IN A LOSER AZZZ STATE.... I GUESS ITS TRUE WHAT THEY SAY HUH BHIN.... I CALL A SPADE A SPADE....
Bhintage::You sound like a spade.
Bhintage::Woah that's a little racist.
WatkinsUSMC::I LIVE THERE.... YOU DON'T... GET THE PICTURE OR DO I GOTTA EXPLAIN IT MORE IN DEPTH FOR YOU... I KNOW YOUR EXTREMELY SLOW BHIN
Bhintage::I type faster.
WatkinsUSMC::TOO BAD WE DONT LET UGLY FUCKKKKERS LIVE IN OUR STATE...
Bhintage::You're there aren't you?
WatkinsUSMC::ITS FUNNY.. I SEE ALL YOUR $@%!$@%! WISCONSIN BUDDIES DOWN HERE, ALL PALE AND NASTY... AND THE FIRST THING THEY ALWAYS SAY BEFORE THEY HEAD BACK TO THAT $@%!$@ STATE IS : MAN, I WISH I COULD LIVE HERE"
Bhintage::I'm sure you met everybody.
WatkinsUSMC::BUT HEY, WISCONSIN IS TOP PLACE TO BE RIGHT.... MUAHAAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
Bhintage::Now you're getting it.
WatkinsUSMC::see look at yall.. trying to defend wisconsin.... lol.... I dont even have to TRY and defend FLORIDA... THE GREAT STATE OF FLORIDA BABYY!!!!!!!  EVERYONE WANTS TO COME TO MOTHA $@%!$ FLORIDA BIIIIITTTCCCCHHHH
Bhintage::Man you sound so uneducated.
CheeseheadNation2011::Watkins I bet you work at a local cafe in Florida right scrub
Bhintage::They have free internet.
Cushwill096::poor and stupid...clever, and you call us dumb
WatkinsUSMC::bhin.... you cant come to florida because you touched little boys and you have a warrant for your arrest... don't be madd..
Bhintage::BOO.  Leave the room, come back and try harder.
WatkinsUSMC::see, your corny... all of you haha... cuz you know you want to be in florida RIGHT NOW.... RIGHT NOW you wish you could say you lived in florida.... but you can't, because your poor and stupid...
Phunkatron::actually thats the last place id want to live, been there, a bunch of 75 year old retireed people who got too much sun and look like saddlebags
CheeseheadNation2011::POOR you should come and cut my grass in Mequon
Bhintage::Says the re.ta.rd
CheeseheadNation2011::Dont talk to your mom in that language
WatkinsUSMC::Best fuccccckking state in the country fools.... The least fave.... Wisconsin... land of the inbreed, home of the molesters...
Bhintage::Trolling at it's best here people!!!!!!!!!!
WatkinsUSMC::I'm inn Tampa BIITTTT CCHHHH
Phunkatron::so much to do there you are sitting on the computer at your grandmas house?
Bhintage::Stutter much?
WatkinsUSMC::everyone wants to go there.... man, I might plan my next VACA...... wait a minute... no I'm not...
CheeseheadNation2011::No just stay in San Francisco
WatkinsUSMC::well... it fits the picture... worthless team in a worthless state...
Cushwill096::well of course i hate them but im making a point
brebarrett2::golden eagles blow.  badgers rule
Phunkatron::it was a survey done 2 weeks ago
Phunkatron::3 of the top 5 most miserable places to live are in Florida, the others are in Michigan
Cushwill096::packers, brewers, badgers, golden eagles
Bhintage::Fishing is great, four seasons.  Stay away you T.U.R.D
Phunkatron::dont even reply to ignorant people like that
WatkinsUSMC::ohh yea.... tourism is booming up there!!!
Bhintage::Screw you.  Wisconsin is the bomb.
Bhintage::I still want the Bucks, just not THESE Bucks.
brebarrett2::same... love that we are owned by a US senator so we wont be moved or contracted suck it sacramento!
MORON_101::have a autographed JON BROCKMAN basketball. any1 want to buy it?
mattrbrehm::I'll trade you the dirty sock under my bed. Deal?
brebarrett2::YES!
dcenate2012::I can sign my own basketball
WatkinsUSMC::who?
mattrbrehm::We need to get rid of Bogut, Stephen Jackson, and our entire coaching staff. Re-build with the young guys but this Bogut garbage is getting old. Stay healthy or don't expect to receive a paycheck. Him and Jackson have been more harm than help.
glenn1234291::You hit the nail right on the head!! I mean Skiles did nothing in Chicago why would he be able to help the bucks!! Plus Bogut has to go so we can find someone that is going to stay healthy
Edward4515::Good thing about bogut is, hes a hick &amp; likes milwaukee. So he will likely play his career with the bucks, so just need to sign him for less money &amp; itll be good.
brebarrett2::no one else is coming here anyway why not pay him?
brebarrett2::he cant help his injuries... come on now.  Bogut is top 3 or 4 C when healthy
Pete Venkman::The Bucks only chance to get a superstar is through the draft. No big name FA wants to come to Milwaukee to play.. The NBA's new superstars need other superstars around them in a big city to compete for a title..
Edward4515::Too much competition from the bcats/kinga/hornets/wizards/nets/wolves/pistons who have been perennial lotto teams the past few years.
Gt_jackets89::They should bench all starters for the rest of the season and get first pick IMO.
korn7860::I think Jennings needs more around him.  He is just trying to do to much, people need to see that.
hyperk1d::Knicks fans are the worst. They're already blaming Melo. When I looked at the boxscore Lin shot more times than he had.
dcenate2012::I am no longer a fan of Jennings
Bhintage::Orver inflated view of himself.
Gt_jackets89::Magic fans, you can have Jennings. We don't want him.
brebarrett2::jennings just blows
WatkinsUSMC::NIGHT U BIIIIIIIIITTTT CCCCCCCCCCCCCHHHHHHHHH ASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS HATERSSSSS GO MAGICCC
MagicBoltzRays::Magic have 6 wins when trailing after 3 quarters. anybody have more?
Bhintage::3 against the Bucks shouldn't count.
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::Dwight says he still wants to be traded so I dont see who the Magic could even get to try and make him change hes mind
Bhintage::Keep those options open Jennings.
