Brandon Tigues::blake griffin 30 and 12..people can criticize his offensive game all they want but he still scores
Brent B Jacoby::easy...they were playing the B team...maybe C. its all about doing it in the playoffs when those paint buckets are not there any more. he has not been able to do it yet...that is where the criticism stems from
Brandon Tigues::Brent B Jacoby  well he's been doing it since the start of the season he's averaging 22 and 10 so far this season, and in his defense he was injured last season in the playoffs he was trying to play on a sprain ankle.
Daniel Sullens::That's what I'm saying. If he only has 1 move and can only dunk, how is he still averaging 23,11,4 ? And this is the first season he has been healthy, 6 of 8 games double double, 7 of 8 at least 20.
Aaron Her Na Dez::LMFAO the NETS are a joke. Wont even make the playoffs
Taylor Manes::First round exit by the bulls
Mike Acton::oh yeah... losing by 7 with one starter... ooh such a joke! :D
Vinny Provenzano::Love how he has to hide behind his Fake FB account just to post. Lose by 7 with 2nd and 3rd unit ill take that moral victory
Jody George Prats::Clippers #1 NBA's offense at home will destroy the old and struggling Nets.   Clippers 109  Nets 101
Amir Shirazi::109-101 is not destroying lmao
Eric Lopez::Amir Shirazi, How about them Lakers?
Amir Shirazi::Eric didn't I say like their are going anywhere ,m I right . Here is a question , when did  they start giving a 6-3 a ring lmao why your posers team talk smack , won nothing  and did nothing .
Shawn Bento::Nets gonna grab the upset.
Daniel Sullens::You know what I love... Since he was drafted Blake has under went 3 different knee surgeries. The year he was drafted then came back and averaged like 23,12, 4 basically his rookie year after knee  surgery... Then hurts it again, comes back with almost a new team, having to split shots with more guys and averages 19,9,4 on a bad knee. He averages what ? 22,11,4 in 4 years and has 3 knee surgeries... People still say all he can do is just dunk. So how come the nba knows all he can do is dunk, he has been hobbled his whole career witch HAS set him back but they still can't stop him. If not for the injuries he has had he would be a 26,13,5 guy. Since when is 22,11,4 bad for any player ?
Taylor Manes::Well to be honest all he do IS dunk....
Evander Smart::The Clippers have the deck nicely stacked in their favor. At home, well rested, playing well, against a Nets squad without their PG, an older team on the back end of a back-to-back. Good luck to the Nets.  They're gonna need it!
Dakota Mckenzie::We've had the hardest strength of schedule  Look it up you have no idea what your talking about
Evander Smart::Dakota Mckenzie What are you crying about? I wasn't making any comment on strength of schedule, so shut it I said tonight the Clippers have many advantages. Learn how to read.
Chandler Song::where are pierce, garnett, lopez and williams?
Andy P Kordyban::The Nets and Knicks belong in the D-League
Nate Fischer::the Nets suck
Daniel Maresca::Like you
Ronald Medkiff::Listen all you wishful thinking clipper fans offense don't mean anything if you don't play defense especially deep in the playoffs.Still don't think can beat thunder in a seven game series and don't sleep on Golden State!Born in raise in MIA so that should tell you who I root for.Lets get Three Boys!!!!
Daniel Sullens::Griffin is just back on track from his injuries... 8 games this year, he has had a double double in 6. He has had at least 20 points in 7 of the 8 playing power forward and had 27,14 against Miami... This is why I can't stand people saying he is all hype. If he has one move, why can't they stop him ?
Peter Birnbaum::I think that Griffin and Paul need to both average 22 - 24 points per game each to be considered contenders.  Otherwise, they are just a 4 seed in the west.  Paul racks up assists, but his scoring will be necessary in the playoffs and in big reg season games.
John Osaki Jr.::In their primes, Kevin Garnett and Paul Pierce were no joke. Check out both player rankings and chapters in the new edition 2013 book NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Dave Galehouse::What does it say about Lopez, Williams, pierce and garnet when they don't play and the game is close
Danny Mac::that they lost?
Geo Roarke::Just like Danny said. It doesn't matter if it was a close or a blowout game, they lost.
Evander Smart::Rivers has to smarten up and take DJ out. Keeping him in is just bad coaching. Evans fouled him on purpose
James J. Johnson Jr.::Brooklyn Nets are not playing well and a loss tonight is almost a given
Trent Conheady::$100 million payroll, yet a second round pick is their best player tonigght
Brett Goldman::Something about can't hit the side of a barn and the Clippers...
Chris Hogen-Esch::I am so fed up with Chris Paul and his BS, this guy does this all the time
Clint Czar Jefferson::What is he doing?
Jody George Prats::Garnett and Pierce averaging 18 ppg combined.   uuuugly
Andrew Lipham::why are so many nets players out?
Clint Czar Jefferson::Injuries
Jennibeth Comprado::who care's?
Andrew Heller::nate is right - this is lagging.
Daniel Maresca::For all the sarcastic fans out there, the Nets played all night with only one starter. I wouldn't be celebrating and saying they suck, the Clippers should have blown a second and third string bench away. It just shows how much depth they have and I give them a lot of credit staying in there til the end. It's only 9 games into the season and to say they wont make the playoffs is totally ignorant and shows how much you know about basketball. Let's just wait til the season is 3 quarters over before giving your assnine comments.
Tony Hartmann::Light's out.
Clint Czar Jefferson::WTF Clippers
