Arrum Ghast::Warriors in a blowout.
Mitch Uritz::WE shall see !! Lakers Rule...
David Foshee::Go home, you drunk.
Ronan DC::Mitch Uritz Lakers what? haha.
William Cutting::Kobe stormed off the court last night after seeing his team win without him.  Anyway, Lakers continue their dominance over the Warriors and win this one in a breeze  LAL 112 GSW 101
Scott Carter::LAL: 91 GSW: 104
Anderson Daniel::Bench play was great last night. But a B2B against a young team like the Warriors? I'm saying GS 102 LA 90
Robert Colmenares::He didn't want to take the attention/thunder from the players who won the game.  He stayed until the buzzer.
Ehud Riven::If the Warriors don't fall asleep on defense like the Clippers did last night, it should be a comfortable win for Golden State
David Andaya Palafox::Warriors and defense don't belong in a sentence. Just because they've acquired Iggy, doesn't mean they're a defensive threat.
And-Roo Rat-Toe::David Andaya Palafox check the team defense stats from last year before you talk retard.
Malcolm Wadlow::this guy is stupid
Aaron Rooney::"Last night was a fluke. We should have won because we have banners"  - Laker fan logic
David Villarreal::"The Clippers have the best team they have ever had in team history, we're going to take it all this year"  - Clipper fan logic
James Dion Gibson::It's August 11th and the Warriors are already 1-0.
Drew Williams::Easyy there Mr Rampage......     we did it without our top scorer and still whooped one of the best teams in the NBA...  this year the Lakeshow are ALMOST just as young as the Warriors...  Nick young and henry going to break Currys game down,  as of the back to back game...  lakers may lose but not by much
Jeremy Joseph Nau::Nick young throws up bricks...he did not look good yesterday
Millard James Fillmore::31 points. They just squeaked by.
Adam Blake::GO WARRIORS!
Andy P Kordyban::Lakers are the better team because the Lakers scored more in the 4th quarter.  - Lakers fan
Chris Blair::you are trolling a dead horse.
Danny Mac::Glad you could show your face around seeing knowing your braves bowed out to the LA dodgers you ugly loser
Alicia Narae Miller::LA was dumb to let Jerry West get away. It is not a coincidence Memphis and Golden State become playoff teams a few years after West got there. LA should have done everything possible to keep him,including minority ownership, if that is what it took. Thats what Golden State did and they will be good for a long time because of it. J. West put together the "Showtime" teams that were led by Magic Johnson. He also traded Vlade Divac for Kobe Bryant and got Shaq and Phil Jackson to sign. He was the main engineer of 8 Championship titles. He also gets partial credit for the two titles LA won with Kobe and Gasol. After all, he did trade for Kobe and he was their best player, still is.  . West also turned around the Grizzle franchise that was unsuccessful in Vancouver and Memphis until he got there. Because of J. West, Memphis is still a respectable team. Then he went to Golden State after the new owner, Joe Lacob, gave him minority ownership. Now Golden State is drafting good NBA talent, signing good free agents and pulling off trades that actually benefit their organization. As long as Golden State keeps him around they will be contending.  It is a good time to be a Dubs fan.
Andy P Kordyban::Warriors > Lakers
Danny Mac::Dodgers > Braves
Jay Hype Bell::Lakersnation please don't listen to other fans when they say the lakers are better without kobe because .. as we all know we won the two last games of the season last year without him then end up getting swept in the playoffs .. we need kobe but we also need this team to keep afloat so kobe don't feel pressured to rush back with all that said #GOLAKERS
Andy P Kordyban::With the 1st pick in the 2014 Draft... The Los Angeles Lakers select...
Chris Blair::Heck they would love if that happened. Team isnt that bad though.
James Incredible-Jackson::Chris Blair Even IF they sucked that bad, they traded away their picks....
Gabriel Juarez::James Incredible-Jackson The Lakers have their 2014 1st rounder, it's the two after that when their 1st round pick goes to the Suns.
Roger Swahn::Curry has 10 and the Warriors win by 31. It is going to be a very nice year.
Jim Anderson::Whoa!  The Lakers are HORRIBLE...........HA HA HA HA HA HA!
Wally Rouzer::klay thompson what a stud 38 points of 19 shots
Robert Hawley::Holy Klay Thompson Batman!
Ellis Marcelle::As long as they can counter their "Give me a half-a-step of space and I will pull up from 30 ft" mindset with key offensive rebounding, stellar interior defense, and timely interior baskets in crunch time, they will be one of the top 2 teams in the West. If they are not able to counter, then they will again be a 5 or 6 seed with a lot of excitement but not enough guile to beat a TRUE contender. They are fun to watch though!!!
Andy P Kordyban::Jodie Meeks! Elias Harris! Robert Sacre! Wesley Johnson! Shawne Williams!  YOURRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR LOS ANGELESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS LAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAKERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! *Thunderstruck playing in the background*
Andy P Kordyban::Fire D'Antoni. Way to get a team motivated for a big game. Again and again and again I am sick and tired of D'Antoni single-handedly ***king up another team. Hows does this dude have a job? Because he is Italian? Blow up the team. They can't get ANYTHING done.
Kevin Byrd::lol... okay.
Chris Blair::Team is pretty much blown up.
Kevin Byrd::D'antoni doesn't get any credit for taking a bunch of nobodies from last year and leading them to a win yesterday? Is this Lakers fans logic? Seems like Lakers fans would of loved to start 1-1 these first 2 games.
Andrew Young::It will be interesting to see how Non-celebrity, non-Kobe loving fans follow the team this year. Although I am sure The Lakers number 1 fan (ESPN) will be all over their nuts this year.... And as a warriors fan I am hoping for a 50 win season. Hopefully Bogut and Curry can stay healthy for the entire year.
Andrew Young::LOL calm down there buddy.....
Mike Ockeslong::Why you telling yourself to calm down.  Actually, you rightfully told yourself.  Just another jealous fan who's team lacks a history of Greatness and only merits mention in the national media when they play a team with a history of greatness, which they happen to lose those games quite a bit, even in the years that those teams have a bad year, such as losing 3 of 4 to a terrible Laker team last year.  So yes, calm down there buddy.
Rich Ramos::Half breed shut up and go find your spear chucker daddy in africa
Zachary Clark::Where are all the lakers fans bashing on Magic for his comments yesterday, asking if magic even watched that game?? thats right you guys watched this one and said to yourself, you know maybe magic was on to something
Kevin Byrd::Warriors have an all star starting lineup.  Lee and Thompson going off tonight.  I can see them going back to the western conf finals.  Howd the clippers lose to THIS Lakers team yesterday?
Kevin Byrd::By playing worse defense and the Lakers knocking down shots. Lakers are missing shots they were nailing left and right yesterday.
Chris Blair::Not too sold on Thompson. He had alot of these games last season. Hopefully he can be more consistent this time around. Clippers just decided they wont play any D and Lakers bench took advanatge though they also did get alot of guys having hot hands at the same time.
Kevin Byrd::Yeah, the 4th quarter for the Lakers was basically what the Warriors just did to the Lakers. Knocking down 3's and getting to the rim at will. Young, athletic, streaky players.
Anthony Martinez::So glad the Lakers started off the season with a win and showing promising young depth, but GS aint no joke.  GS along with the Splash Brothers, will open their season with a strong shooting performance against the Lakers.
Tithin Victor::Lakers haters be like: If they win this game ill jus go to their next game conversation and hate until they loose a game..i have 81 more chances to get it right..
Arrum Ghast::Why did hero ball playing Kobe run Howard out of L.A., they certainly could have used him last night.
David Villarreal::yeah, because he would have defended so well against the three ball
