cowboysfan4272.0::Miami Heat 2013 NBA Champs!
blueblazer38::Heat will win 27 straight and streak will be ended by Bulls
StevenK_3::No, I'm last.
c_foster007::LAST
Dale Earnhardts Mustache and Joe Flacco walk into a bar::.
Dale Earnhardts Mustache and Joe Flacco walk into a bar::.
Dale Earnhardts Mustache and Joe Flacco walk into a bar::<a><u> h</u></a>
Dale Earnhardts Mustache and Joe Flacco walk into a bar::<a> h </a>
Dale Earnhardts Mustache and Joe Flacco walk into a bar::<b> h</b>
kbry13579::What a game! How did MIA wallop BOS?
coltranesteelkirt::The Heat?!??  LOL! I wasn't even aware they still had a team.
PalmBeachFinFan::^ bitter Cavs fan
ishypizzle::The heat generates so much buzz that two days latter this conversation board is still rolling!!!!
nba is the worst::B. Wade's greatest hits:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wQ2u9YZ4i10
willant13::Team HEAT!!!!!!! King JAMES!!!
KingJamesisbetterthanJordan::The Heat are even better than this game. Lebron and company were having fun. I know for a fact that Boston does play better and will be tough come playoff time. Good win and Rondo better chill before he gets taken out again
TheNFLExpert9800::You Miami fans forget that the Celtics are the BEST TEAM OF ALL-TIME. Miami bribed their way to a championship, and EVERYONE knows it. Your fanbase is full of bandwagoners, little kids, and idiots. Face facts and simple math: 17 &gt; 2. Got it?
twiggy40oz::Also remember that Boston only has one more championship than the Lakers. How is that truely the BEST TEAM OF ALL-TIME???
rhardin4::Bigtmoney must be one of these miami bandwaggon fans himself lol. nice name btw. bigt prob has never seen some of the great celtic teams play. love to see the heat beat the 85-86 celtics, they had a hard enough time with last yrs aging celtics. the new nba is a joke. watch 80 and 90s basketball when defense was actually played
BigTmoney13::Celtics "bought" their last championship with getting Garnett, Allen to go alot with Pierce and Rondo. So shut up. You have no room to talk. So shut it. Got it?
BigTmoney13::You mad bro?
justin kitchens::@jimmy30313 your pathetic
Mike86898::The HEAT wiped the floor with the supposed #1 ranked defensive team. I bet they will score 150 points this year against someone
TheNFLExpert9800::Are you delusional? Your team will falter against any other strong defense.
PalmBeachFinFan::Just like last year....
coltranesteelkirt::I kinda feel sorry for Heat fans that they'll only get one ring out of all that bad vibes they subjected themselves to... Oh well, you reap what you sow.   Go CAVS!.
twiggy40oz::Hmm I thought Lebron was suppose to never get a ring. Now you are talking about he won't get another? Wow you Cavs fans are pathetic. No one has any respect or concerns about the Cavs or Cleveland. Get over it!!!
TheNFLExpert9800::Preach...
suchita216::Celtics is a way better team.  They have consistently been # 1or 2 in defense.  That team did not show up yesterday.
Mr. C1ean::The Celts just have to develop the younger players. With veterans on the team, I'm sure it won't be a problem.
Swift_Murdoc_305::jmslivnik, Tell me you're here complaining about teams stacking up if the Twolves get Lebron and Wade....
comeatmebroe::It can be for both a championship and a bigger role. This isn't an absolute world.
Swift_Murdoc_305::It can be for both a championship and a bigger role. This isn't an absolute world.
Swift_Murdoc_305::It can be both buddy. for a ring and a bigger role. this is not absolute world
BringinDaHeat136::Yeah I'm sure every other player joins the NBA to be a part of a losing team. Lol. Understand, the Celtics had just as good a shot at winning the Chip as the HEAT last year ..... except for nagging injuries. There were other reasons for Ray leaving ... but, yes, he does want to win a championship as does every other player.
Swift_Murdoc_305::We'd all do it for a better chance at a championship. Realize that for players it's a business and career, not a fandom.
jmslivnik::So he IS doing it for the championship, not for a bigger role.  thank you, you just helped me out.
BringinDaHeat136::Forget it man. jmslivnik doesn't understand basketball. Otherwise he'd know the meaning of playing a bigger role v/s coming off the bench .... By his logic James Harden and Eddy Curry contributed the same amount to their teams last year ....... lol ...
jmslivnik::I understand basketball just fine.  Played it for YEARS.  Im saying, teams stacking up is bad for the game.  And its showing.  Look at its tv ratings.  Oh yes, I said James Harden and Eddy Curry contributed equally.  You took the words right out of my mouth.  Please stop making stuff up.
Swift_Murdoc_305::No one wants to play baseball in Miami, I'm not complaining. It is what it is.
jmslivnik::It wouldnt be good for the game, I know that.  And I never have to worry about that.  Nobody wants to live in minnesota in the winter haha.
Swift_Murdoc_305::It's only ok for teams to stack up when it's your own team.
Swift_Murdoc_305::Bias
jmslivnik::Yeah, my team, the Twolves, really stacked up.  Therefore I am bias toward the Celtics.
jmslivnik::Garnett did the right thing.  What Ray Allen did is destroying the NBA.  The NBA is losing fans constantly for this reason, and this reason only.  Teams stacking up like this is demolishing the integrity of the NBA.  And on top of it, nobody tries until the playoffs.  What a waste.
NYY_Pride::People aren't watching basketball because it's become the Home Run Derby. All flash, but no sustenance.
twiggy40oz::OMG as if Boston didn't stack their team in 2007-2008. LET REVIEW: Before they created the "Big Four", that team finished almost in last place for the 2006-2007 season. Hmm what happened next, oh yeah the CREATED THE BIG FOUR!!! Now they start the 2007-2008 season with the "Big Four". Does anyone know how they finished that season with the "Big Four"? Oh $@%! that's right, THEY WON THE NBA CHAMPIONSHIP!!!! Don't $@%!$ about teams being stack. THE BOSTON CELTICS HAS BEEN THE MOST STACKED TEAM SINCE THE 1950s!!! HOW THE HELL DO YOU THINK THEY HAVE WON MORE CHAMPIONSHIPS THAN ANY TEAM IN NBA HISTORY!
BringinDaHeat136::Bro, don't be stupid. You called out KG  doing the right thing .... and then blamed Allen for going to the HEAT. One player cannot go to multiple teams as you may well understand. I'm only using the example you gave which involves 2 TEAMS. That's plural idiot! ...... Lakers are stacked now .... Dallas was stacked 2 years ago and Celtics were stacked since 2005. Heat just got a slightly better stack now but is that enough "TEAMS" for you or do you need more schooling?
BringinDaHeat136::your right  .... Celtics never stacked when they called the big three of Ray, KG and Paul pierce together ..... Ha ha ha ha ha ha .... GO ahead ... get your last word in but you know you're full of it ..... and for future reference: you really are dumb!
jmslivnik::Omfg.  The Celtics stacked up.  I know this!  Jesus flippin christ.  I said TEAMS... teams is  Facking plural.  Plural means more than one.  I am not even a Celtics fan.  Go to grammar school
BringinDaHeat136::@ jmslivnk ....: I never said Celtics were more stacked than the HEAT, but they are stacked so your intial reasoning makes no sense. Allen wanted a bigger role and Spoelstra is giving it to him because it suits the Miami Heat style of play. and KG is still an a$$hole. Read all the previous comments.
jmslivnik::He wanted a bigger role, so he elected to become a bench player?  Ummmm no.
johneon::The Yankees and redsox do it every year and they seem to do fine.. please its the name of the game. get good players and win. all teams in all sports strive for this
jmslivnik::did they do fine?  Are they doing fine?  Wow, you know nothing.
BringinDaHeat136::Also, I wonder when the Celtics drafted KG. I believe he came from a different team too, to win a chip!
jmslivnik::Yeah, again, I said TEAMS.  Teams is plural.  Plural means more than one.  Good lord people, you are dumb.
Swift_Murdoc_305::Also they tried trading Allen a few years ago.
jmslivnik::a few years ago?  He would have left a few years ago if he didnt like it.  Truth is, he knew his chances of getting a championship with the Celtics were diminishing fast, so he wanted out.
Swift_Murdoc_305::It wasn't destroying the NBA when Allen went to the Celtics, but now all of a sudden it is? Bias.
jmslivnik::Where did I say it was ok for the Celtics to stack up?  Nowhere.  Notice, I said TEAMS stacking up....... or cant you read?
BringinDaHeat136::Bro, Celtics are more stacked than most teams. That was partly the reason Ray Ray left ..... and they were giving that immature child Rondo a bigger voice in the decisions than Ray. How is he going to feel.....?
TheNFLExpert9800::Immature child? Get your facts right. Ray Allen is a crybaby and a coward. The Celtics offered more money and a no trade clause; yet, Ray Allen declines. He deliberately goes to the Heat, just to agitate Boston and its fanbase. You, sir, are an IDIOT.
jmslivnik::Celtics are more stacked than most teams?  So... why didnt they win the championship?  No, Miami is stacked, and thats why Allen went there.  Everybody knows it.  Dont pretend thats not the reason.
Swift_Murdoc_305::How about that deformed rat Rondo, how long till some one puts him on his as*?
king kobi::sorry to tell you, bringindaheat, but nash and deron arent better than rondo. and westbrook is barely better.
Swift_Murdoc_305::I know, but he's a punk. Dirty
jmslivnik::He is top three point guard in the NBA, hands down.
TheNFLExpert9800::BringinDaHeat, you're an idiot... Rondo is EASILY a top three point guard on many people's lists.
BringinDaHeat136::Not really ... CP3 Deron Nash Westbrook
305champsforlife::Heat  is going undefeated!
TheNFLExpert9800::Lmao. Joking?
BringinDaHeat136::"I was just trying to focus as much as I could. I am such an intense a$$hole,"  - KG
Swift_Murdoc_305::Was he weak when he went to the celtics?
BringinDaHeat136::How so? He wanted a larger role in the game and as you must have seen, he wasn't just shooting 3's yesterday like Doc would have had him do....  He was gettin in the lane, layups, assists ... everything that was denied him in Doc's plan ... Not saying it's Doc's fault but Ray wanted to do all those things so he switched ... FOR HALF THE MONEY. And u call him weak?
NHLoves-the-redsox::KG did ther right thing.  Allen is weak for changing sides like that.
WeAreMarquette 2.0::lol did anyone else here David Stern say Hurricane Katrina instead of Sandy during the ring ceremony?
NHLoves-the-redsox::How can Ray look at himself in the mirror now that he's polishing Lebron's tip?  Mybe he just has his wife do it....
cbbaseball19::Mijami has been berry goo to me!
suchita216::Celtics Fans:  Will Jeff Green live up to his contract?  Will he become a great player that Celtics are expecting him to?
305champsforlife::Lol just sit back and watch the Heat win another one!
danthefan1022::The celtics are expecting him to be great???????
danthefan1022::The guy just missed an entire season cand I'm pretty sure no one here has a crystal ball. Just watch and see. He isn't thee to be A superstar
Syrindge::First off Jeff Green is "only" making 9 mil a year; far from a max contract. I think he'll earn that $. Ideally he'd be a max contract player after these 4 years but I highly doubt that will happen.
suchita216::He was a disappointment for half the season when Celtics traded for him from OKC.
Gouconn_13::another thing is that he was out of basketball for a year.  Give him some time to regain his basketball strength!!
Dj3garrett::@Gouconn  His defense was horrible... I've been telling Celtic fans this for the past year... Jeff Green is the same player that you all were mad at because he couldn't guard his shadow...
Gouconn_13::how is that.....23 minutes for boston and scored 9 points a game  or played 37 minutes for OKC and only scored 15 points a game
Gouconn_13::base on one game....wait until at the end of the season as well at the following season!!
bluecop22::Who will get booed louder when they go back to their former arenas? Howard at Orlando, or Allen in Boston?
Gouconn_13::That is depend how well Terry will be playing up to the date of Miami - Boston game in Boston!!
oneandonlybabe::I'd imagine they'll be people there booing both. It may be a matter of degrees. I'm thinking Howard because of the Van Gundy factor
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::They'll cheer Ray. He did nothing wrong. His ex teammates are the classless ones.
T_Macc81::Didnt know this was a basketball quiz.... Thats an individual accomplishment. How did he benefit the team? I got plenty of answers
T_Macc81::I would say Allen. Howard won't even be missed. He quit playing 2 seasons ago...
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::One of which he won the DPOY. Your knowledge of basketball is astounding.
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::Was I the only one that heard Stern call Hurricane Sandy Katrina?
bluecop22::He was confused becasue he was booed during his intro. He was probably thinking "all I have done for the Heat, and they boo me?"
Huge Fn B::D Wade needs to shut up, talking like someone took a shot at him, comparing the foul to boxing wut a joke. I would have fouled his cocky little @$$ harder than that, put him on his back maybe even drew blood. That being said Rondo should have grew some balls and done it earlier than 19 secs left. Ihave no problem with the foul tho
305champsforlife::You need to shut up bi-tch!
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::It would never happen keyboard commando. You would never be on the same court with Wade.
Dj3garrett::6'4" is not little... I doubt you would foul Wade harder than that in a street game... just saying...
Syrindge::Why not, all pansy wade would do is throw the ball at you...he throws like a chick to boot!
T_Macc81::I doubt he would even foul, prolly just be happy to play with him. Lames...
bluecop22::A new drinking game, everytime Wade gets bailed out by the refs you have to take a drink. You will be drunk in no time
crashsite51::How can winning a championship be gratifying the way the Heat did it?
305champsforlife::@crashsite51 it's sad to know you have kids and all you do is troll , I guess you don't mind having the guy that's banging your wife mind your kids while you waste your time.
oneandonlybabe::gee I'm not even a Heat fan but people just being bitter for bitterness sake is just annoying!  It's a new season. Time to move on however one feels about the Heat winning last  year or any other team in previous years for that matter.
crashsite51::Like I said, get rid of your jerseys and buy some grown up shirts...  Stop babbling on and on just answer the question or don't.  Trolling the comments is pretty juvenile.  Go back and get an education!  You are entertaining though.
oneandonlybabe::whatever floats your boat dude. I don't know what's like to be so bitter. If I believed a team didn't deserve a championship I would simply say it and not ask a nonsensical question.  Like I said, get help, life is can be really good if you get rid of your bitterness.
crashsite51::Too funny, I love stirring up obsessed love stricken fans... hahaha
Dj3garrett::How did they do it?
crashsite51::Like I tell my kids,  thats a question you can answer all on your own...  LOL
oneandonlybabe::because a win is a win because if it was your team it would be plenty gratifying and finally because they won, deal with it.
crashsite51::OH my gosh, calm down...LMAO  Shouldn't you be in school son?
Aicyla22::you need to get a life youre the one on here asking how it can be gratifying to win the way the heat did and getting your panties in a bunch when someone tells you to deal with it.
oneandonlybabe::dude you have plenty to deal with. Your post reeks of bitterness. It's not a way to live. Get help for your heat obsession if that's the case.
crashsite51::Deal with what?  Its just a question right, I don't live a die with sports.  How about get a life and take off you Heat jersey...LOL
Hurley5301::LIKE THIS IF U AGREE THAT NBA REFS SUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!
crashsite51::LIKE THIS IF THE NBA DOES ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Hurley5301::.
dwight howards free throw academy::This is the worst part of no hockey.  People get crushed night in and night out and walk away.  Rondo puts his arm on Wades shoulder and all of a sudden there's a verbal battle and Wade being a little pu**y about it.  Next he'll be out 7-10 days.
Dj3garrett::Haha hockey sucks a.ss... Sorry...
kingkyrie2::timberwolves nba champs, cavs conference finals
Team Nickel::BARBOSANITY
suchita216::In a way I am glad Celtics had this lousy performance because everyone will be bought in to make corrections and play aggressive defense first.
Yadi is G.C.O.A.T.::If a young less mature Lebron can take scrubs to the finals in Cleveland, then who the hell is going to beat prime Lebron with prime Wade, Bosh, Chalmers and now Ray Allen.  The Witness logo was right but it was the wrong town.  I see this crew going on an epic title run just like they planned when they got together.  At least a 5-peat.  Basketball&gt;football/baseball
danthefan1022::Ray Allen is in his prime??? You have THE thickest homer goggles of all time. Do you jerkoff to the championship DVD and use your locker room t shirt to clean it up
hoofhearted30::He meant Haslem
The3rdComing.....::Celtics just need chemistry on D and they'll be fine
JointChiefs_904::I'm sure Doc will turn it around. No question. But it starts with KG. He just looked slower to me.
Aicyla22::old age does that to ya
Yadi is G.C.O.A.T.::Barbosa carrying the offense says you need more than D.
Yadi is G.C.O.A.T.::The3rdComing..... - So?  James/Wade/Bosh&gt;Ronda/Peirce/Barbosa/Garnett all day, that is all.
The3rdComing.....::So?
JointChiefs_904::You give up 120 points that's not a chemistry thing. They need D period.
danthefan1022::Is 107 points much better?????
Aicyla22::annnnnnd still lost
The3rdComing.....::Lol, you dont know much about Doc....This game reminded me of last years first game against Miami...Gave up a bunch of points then went on to be the 2nd best D in the NBA
aricmbrown86::how bout them lakers... lookin good en route to dethrone the champs
Aicyla22::i hope this is sarcasm...
aricmbrown86::ive been smiling since i woke up this morning
gouhuskies3::"We're gonna let them do the talking, we'll just act like punks"  -Celtics
Steven1529::Remember when Rondo was complaining about Wade hooking him? Isn't this an ironic photo from last night???  http://espn.go.com/photo/2012/1030/nba_u_rondo_gb1_576.jpg
Gouconn_13::at least it is not around the neck!!
Yadi is G.C.O.A.T.::People want to act like Bosh is soft but he has the quickness and shooting touch that could make him the most dominating center in the game.  Miami's big three can win as many titles as they choose, they are all in their prime.
CcGame1990::I'm also still waiting who you think the best SG is danthefan or are you just going to be a keyboard warrior that just calls people homers?
danthefan1022::Wow you hardly sound like an  idiotic  blind homer at all
danthefan1022::Say the two biggest homers on earth.
Steven1529::Really? Please inform us of who is the number 1 SG right now? It's either Kobe or Dwade. No other arguments could be made.
Yadi is G.C.O.A.T.::danthefan1022 - Wade is NOT the best at his position homer #1.  Kobe? NO! then who is?
danthefan1022::Wade is NOT the best at his position homer #1.
Yadi is G.C.O.A.T.::it's true.  Bosh is bigger now and all three of those guys are at least top 3 at their position, James and Wade being top at their position.  Their ability to switch men on D will make them number 1 in that category this year, and they could easily match or break 72-10 if they choose.
Steven1529::Coming from a cry baby like you? Wow.
Mattyboy1295::A little humor to kick off the NBA season, since we got screwed by the lockout last year. Check this out and you will get a few good laughs to help you get through work. Too bad the celtics couldn't compete last night tho... http://goo.gl/imkuS
FadeBackShoot2Points::it was funny seeing how Boston was trying to run lee off picks like they did ray..lol, it doesn't have that same effect..lee isn't the shooter allen is..he's streaky while allen is nearly automatic.
Mattyboy1295::lee missed one shot...
danthefan1022::See....he's not automatic like ray Allen. He missed a shot
