Hayward2Favors::Improved ball movement without Jefferson. Coincidence? I think not. Plus this game was a lot more fun to watch compared to Jeffersons Iso ball.
larrybird77::I've been saying since the Spurs playoff sweep that the Jazz need to get rid of Jefferson. Addition by subtraction, just get him off the team.
Fahim58::.......right when I dropped Hayward from my fantasy he starts doing amazing $@%
steeleute::that hurts but I feel your, I have Calderon who was doing great for me and then Lowry got healthy again so Calderon is now a bench warmer
mikeisildur::I was wondering when the Jazz were gonna get back into their usual habit of absolutely blowing teams out in Salt Lake City.
leloupgarou111::Not a single Jazz man with a minus, and gotta love Hayward +32 and Demarre +28
AceyUT::hayward and carrol played fantastic.  those two coming off the bench are fantastic.
dahojas::7 in double figures!! Looks like the offense has potential without the black hole (aka Al Jefferson)
dahojas::Doesn't change the fact that this was by far the best ball movement the Jazz have had in a LONG time. Ball movement is hard when Al is playing. Get real.
dahojas::Not really possible to say. But if the ball movement was like it was tonight, then it wouldn't have been close. It was nice to see Al take over a game though. I like him enough, I just think the Jazz are a better 'team' without him. How many times does he keep posting up when double and even sometimes triple teamed and there are great shooters open on the perimeter? Multiple times a game. He's a good scorer, there's not denying that, just not a great team player. NO way can 8 (thanks for the correction earlier haha) score in double digits with Al on the floor, just won't happen.
scow79::I'll agree that it gives you an argument that the Jazz will be just fine without Big Al.  I just think you have to consider the Jazz shot incredibly well from the 3 point line and were playing one of the worst defensive teams as well as rebounding teams in the league.  Question.   Would we have beat the Orlando Magic the other night if Big Al wasn't playing?
Darkflame07::And in those overtimes the jazz had no problem scoring, they just couldn't stop the raptors from scoring either
dahojas::The same 'terrible defense' that brought us into triple overtime. Lets not forget that the Jazz have struggled against all sorts of crappy defenses all season.
Darkflame07::And 57% 3 point shooting and playing against a terrible defensive team who quit about 3/4 of the way through the 3rd quarter.
dahojas::That's  not what made their offense impressive. THey only finished 49%. Nothing to shout about. It's the ball movement when Al doesn't hold the ball for huge chunks of time. The ball was always moving. That's what makes an offense great and allows a team to score 131.
scow79::Actually 8 in double figures.   The Jazz also aren't going to shoot so well every game.  Or play such a terrible defensive team as the Raptors were tonight
AceyUT::keep in mind derrick favors didnt play either.  but jazz took advantage when needed:)  this team is deep.
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::Just bounced over to the Minny boxscore as I always do to see how AK did.  8 pts, 7 rebs, 6 ast, 4 stl, 3 blk
nt13131::go back to utah tremors, bad state with bad ball.
vergatease::sfy2004 - yep, that why Utah is the fastest growing state in the nation. moron.  Yeah you're right. breedum Young.
sfy2004::yep, that why Utah is the fastest growing state in the nation. moron.
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::My favorite Jazz player ever not named Stockton or Malone.
Grantox::he was overpaid and worthless half the time
nascarmike_71::I will agree with the over paid part bu not the worthless part
scow79::I miss that guy, but I don't miss the back spasm's.
LuLu_Vinson637883::I love this:  http://tinyurl.com/free-fantasy-entry-for-nba1
Grantox::The jazz have gotta be the least selfish team in the nba, and one of the deepest teams as wwell. almost every player could start and do well. just a great bunch of guys I hope they can get clicking  better on the road and really start dominating.
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::All Jazz fans share that hope.
scow79::I know Kanter used to dominate Valanciunas over in Europe, good to see things haven't changed.
scow79::I don't call a 10 point, 1 rebound game dominating a player.  Especially when they didn't go head to head anywhere near as much as they did tonight.  I do however call a 18 point 8 rebound night dominant over a 6 point 4 rebound night where they were playing against each other a lot more.
JoeyDorsey4MVP::That's my point...Val only took two shots tonight and played 15 less minutes.. You can hardly say they went up against each other head to head...
JoeyDorsey4MVP::Actually, it's been the other way around...Val dominated Kanter in the game in Toronto.. The problem is that Toronto gave-up so there wasn't any competition for Kanter today...
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::How about Jefferson and Burks to Cleveland for Irving?
tatatatyler::Salaries don't match, can't happen.  Not to mention there is no way Cleveland does it.
Darkflame07::You're assuming Cleveland would trade Irving? And we would be giving way more in terms of salary than receiving.
scow79::I like the cut of your jib my good man
Grantox::cavs wont get rid of irving
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::The combo of Jefferson and Burks is better than Irving by himself. Irving isn't untouchable.
gcd8::raptors are just a soft team, they need some tough guys in there, like a perkins bang some people around, the euro ball doesn't work in the nba
JoeyDorsey4MVP::That's not their problem...If it were they'd start Acy..
n88nick06::Fold this franchise...  Toronto Raptors are not even a NBA basketball team.  Laughing stock!!!!
expoes::Based on your argument. there should be about 10 teams in the league.  Canadians have been playing basketball for a long time and we can not help it if American TV thinks American viewers are so self centered that they will not watch a team from another country even though they are playing their team. I would suggest you get off you hatred of Canada as it seems personal for some reason. Maybe we did not let you bring your gun across the boarder and you felt unsafe walking the streets of Toronto or have you even been there.Insult Canada all you want but it will not change the fact that Canada does know basketball, it just that Americans who play basketball seem to know nothing about Canada. Oh one last thing about Canada. We do no kiss the $@% of just any athlete who shows up and expects to be fawned over as if they were God.
skinnyyy::there's a good ball market in t.o. regardless of our sh.itty team..still sellin tickets better than most bottom dwellers
n88nick06::They aren't a good basketball market.  Toronto just goes to the games because that's the only piece of the NBA they can get.  Cause if not, then Canada would be shut out of he NBA period.  People just go for entertainment, but the thing is guys don't wanna go to Canada and play basketball.  You get no exposure to any of the big T.V. markets, or huge U.S. market where you can really become a star.  If you go to Canada and play, you basically get lost in obscurity.  Players see that now, and plus the teams is extra crappy, so who wants to go play for a crappy team, in a cold $@% place, where nobody even will see you play?  What mega star wants that?  The whole Toronto expansion thing is a joke, Canada should not have a basketball team.  Ya'll have gotten so bad, the Raptors I mean.  That they try to get Euro dudes as super stars to try to build a team.  Come'on man, I know Canada wants a team but I can see them not being there at some point.  Nobody even pays attention to them, they are irrelevant.  But hey atleast Canada has some entertainment, and can be apart of the NBA.  But nobody takes the Raptors seriously, probably not even their fans.  Just as I said entertainment, not serious NBA basketball being played.
19brom::your a littlle bitchh
gcd8::prob with these guaranteed contracts, raptors guys are getting paid millions to stink up the joint , if they had to worry about getting cut and losing their contracts maybe things would be different
gcd8::calderon making 10.5 mil a year tha'ts ridiclious
tatatatyler::Who gave him the contract?  I am sure Jose didn't propose it
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::One reason, of many, why the owners should have held out and canceled all of last season.
GeorgeTownDC29::Holy hell the depth of the Jazz front court is too much. Bargnani $@%!$@% downlow didnt help the Raptors chances
Heatfan3213::How come no one put $385,583.83 on the jazz tonight?
Minnysota Vikings::I miss Al Jefferson on the Wolves. Easily one of the top 3 scoring centers in the league. Too bad David Kahn was a moron back then and traded him for peanuts.
sfy2004::when did Kahn stop being a moron?
toronto-vigilante3::So when is enough, enough?  Time for someone in management to get fired.
gcd8::how bout john wall to the jazz for al jefferson
tymac1986::yep that'd probably never happen
Grantox::i dont think wall would fit very well
GeorgeTownDC29::As a Wiz fan I would be down with it as long as Wall still shows signs of leaving after the year
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::Get on the horn and make it happen then.
shwanlady96::why would the wizards do that? they wouldnt
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::No, they wouldn't. But it wouldn't be Utah saying no.
Grantox::getting a bit better if he is healthy
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::In a freaking heartbeat.
nt13131::jazz are a trash franchise. regardless if ur a small market, u guys couldn't win with a combo of Boozer and Deron... that says something about how trash the franchise is. and now u have no Guards, but u genius's won't trade 1 of ur 3 big man for one... enough said, u guys are trash.
assistmaster801::Trash Franchise are you serious? Weird jazz have been one of the most dominating teams in the west for the past 30 yrs... and it does matter being a small market team in the NBA when big markets cap is much bigger.. Better players and more money.. The Eastern Conference is pathetic... Under .500 and still a playoff team??? Pathetic... Match the Jazz overall record to yours over the past 30 yrs. Jazz have had only 3 yrs of under .500 and only 6 with under 50 wins... Know your stuff before you talk smack...
assistmaster801::Of Course he is!!!! Pierce is a $@%!$
tymac1986::I'm not sure what you idea of a trash franchise is?? Jazz have made the playoffs almost every year in the past 20+ seasons correct me if I'm wrong but pretty sure thats not trash
minky420::Utah Jazz are  a class franchise! Nothing else...
sfy2004::aw, did somebody get up on the wrong side of the crib? you think its that easy to make a trade? you are an absolute idiot.
nt13131::i don't like the jazz, but back in the day boozer was OK.
paradigm1977::Boozer couldn't carry the Bulls past the Sixers last year. Sure no Rose, and maybe Noah would have swung it the other way...maybe. But the Sixers had one good defensive player and role players.   Where was Boozer? NT13131 knows nothing.
Grantox::jazz have had 2 losing season in like 25 years. that not trash they are always contenders and almost unbeatable at home! ohhhh your a laker fan and your lakers are gettting killed so now ya gotta troll around lmao.
blanding1988::This dude probably thinks Paul pierce is better than dwade....
nt13131::are u out of ur mind???
Grantox::Boozer sucked!  you must be a raptor fan and bitter you just lost by 32 lmao
nt13131::Celtics are better than all the trash teams u support... go back to utah bro. bad state for a bad bball team
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::He's a 12 year old Celtics fan/troll.
nt13131::this team is just trash, u havnt EVER won.... idc if ur a small market, other small teams have done it.
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::One small market team has done it. One.
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::They will trade one closer to the trade deadline when the suitors show themselves. And no one could win with Boozer. The fact that the Jazz got to the WCF with him is nothing short of a miracle.
blanding1988::Omfg bro...... Boozer was a joke. A second tier big man at his best.
gcd8::maybe jazz should trade jefferson to the lakers for gasol haha
Grantox::send jimmer over then he is engulfed on a racist team
gcd8::they aren' t meeting the white guy quota on the team
Grantox::trade down? thats a great strategy.
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::Less scoring and even less defense?
Heatfan3213::Man I should put 120k on the over tonight :( :( :(
toronto-vigilante3::Now THAT was a freaking block!!!!!
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::Up 34, &lt; 2 minutes and the crowd is still there booing bad calls. Love it.
Grantox::Jazz fans are devoted huh!
Grantox::oh man Kanter is gonna be awesome in a couple years! he is a little raw sometimes stilll but man he has improved this season from last
ignasm::Bargnani would be good on a great team where he'd be the 3rd or 4th option or even as a sixth man, but he can not be your No.1 option ever...
Minnysota Vikings::Bargnani is 7 feet tall and yet his career rebounds per game is under 5. Absolutely pathetic.
gcd8::hard to rebound when everythin ggoes  thru the net
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::Big fellah running the floor!
gcd8::the raptors might be good back in the aba days ,
Jail Blazer::Toronto Raptors are a microcosm of all of Canada.  They suck balls.
Blockparty187::Confusing them with your Momma again?
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::Good syrup.
toronto-vigilante3::@raptorsrepublic This team is a joke. How does Colangelo still have a job? ________________________  Watch out.....my buddy is actually getting mad now, brahs!!!
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::Wow, great play by Burks.
gcd8::poor dwayne casey be fired soon poor guy
gcd8::h e won't get another job, have to go to assistant or college
diwalkah::Gone gone gone.........coach Casey.
toronto-vigilante3::He'll be happy leaving after coaching this sad sack team.....
gcd8::celtics would take barn yard,  rondo would feed him
Minnysota Vikings::The Raptors should trade Bargnani immediately after the game while people are wondering if he actually isn't completely worthless
Grantox::I see what your saying now good pt
Woodywoodpick::Who would want Bargnani with his brick
gcd8::spurs would take him
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::And turn him into a borderline all-star
gcd8::he gets his points in blowouts, stats are a fraud
n88nick06::Exactly!!!  He isn't a good player.  And Toronto sucks, so it's easy to get points because everybody else sucks too.  So he takes all the shots.  He's horrible....
n88nick06::Nobody wants him!!!!  lol...
Grantox::20 pts 8 rbs 2 blk/ yeah he suck!
Minnysota Vikings::you misread my comment didn't you?
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::"Boy, that escalated quickly. I mean, that really got out of hand fast!"  - Ron Burgundy
Heatfan3213::My over bet was over 99.5 2H not looking good :(
Heatfan3213::Hey your right! :)
gcd8::it will get there
pst23.41::Lakers showing their true colors tonight
Agent_Avilaz::6 points...go home toronto
gcd8::wow kings are playing some d tonight orlando only 34 points at half, watch out for the kings going for 2 wins in a row
scow79::Damn!  Hayward with a +32
tymac1986::Hayward is a much better defender than Wally not sure you can compare gcd8...Hayward's got a lot of upside he's still young and has room to improve quite a bit
gcd8::he's like wally szczerbiak just not as good
Grantox::kiddin me. hayward is pretty dang good . started slow but warmin up this season. he will not be a superstar but he could make a allstar game
Grantox::he started pretty slow this season but has been picking it up lately. I think he has potential to really become a great player. he is doing far better coming off the bench. i think he geets more opportunity
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::Some of that may be on Toronto. lol
pst23.41::Gordon Hayward is a beast Future All Star in my book
gcd8::not likely
gcd8::the only thing the raptors are good for is covering the OVER
JensenJaxon::Evans dunk!! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O28RZVQtiD8
diwalkah::NBA DRAFT NIGHT 2013, THE OKLAHOMA CITY THUNDER SELECT WITH THE 4TH PICK..........VIA TORONTO RAPTORS, THIS IS THE WORST PRO FRANCHISE RIGHT NOW...........COMPLETE JOKE FROM TOP TO BOTTOM.........PLEASE CHANGE THE NICKNAME..............HUSKIES..........PLEASE.
BrooklynBimbos::that's scary
Grantox::isnt it  like top ten protected?
diwalkah::Top 3,
eliteskillz044::is pietrus playing? i have big money on fantasy plz answer
eliteskillz044::fk both of you i have westbrook and noah im tearing it up,daily fantasy by the way
nt13131::haha
pst23.41::if you have Pietrus on your fantasy team, you should quit
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::Playing is a subjective term.
gcd8::raptors might draft nerlens noel from kentucky
n88nick06::Raptors will draft nobody, they suck.  And whoever goes there will suck and want to leave ASAP.
secueritae::Will be like drafting Camby over Ray Allen / Steph Marbury / Kobe all over again
gcd8::the jazz will be taking isiah austin  pf/c baylor, like utah needs more big men
pst23.41::he will be a flop
pst23.41::Austin Rivers 2.0
SpartyOn1220::Good god... flopping $@%!$@%!.
nt13131::tremors, what r u saying? Al Jefferson is hands down one of the best PF's in the game today.   good luck being a raptors fan btw, celtics are 50 times the team u guys are.
nt13131::since when are the jazz competitive, regardless if ur a small market, u guys couldn't win with a combo of Boozer and Deron... that says something about how trash the franchise is. and now u have no Guards, but u genius's won't trade 1 of ur 3 big man for one... enough said, u guys are trash.
nt13131::ya okay bro... that's why u barely made it into the playoffs last year, and got crushed. yup, ur right, they r so good, thats why they have never won a championship. the Celtics are one of the greatest Franchises in the NBA
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::Jazz are small market. Celtics are big market. Not an even playing ground and the Jazz are always competitive and make the playoffs nearly every year.
n88nick06::damn my bad playa, lol
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::Jazz are consistently good.
nt13131::Jazz are nearly as bad, tremors...
nt13131::didn't i hear this last year, and how far did we get. Oh, lets see... we were 5 minutes away from a trip to the finals  rondo is considered one of the best PGs in the game, Jeff Green has been playing sick, we had an amazing draft, avery bradley is healthy, KG and PP are playing well, regardless of their age, and JET has been a candidate for 6th man.
n88nick06::Gotta excuse Tremors man, watching the Raptors all these years has given him the "Tremors" bahahahahah!!!!!!!
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::Hello? Jazz fan, not Raptors fan.
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::If you hover over my name you'll see I am a Jazz fan, not a Raptors fan. Your attention to detail is impressive though. Jefferson is one of the best offensive PF's in the league and easily one of the worst defensive PF's in the league.
gcd8::the celtics are old and going no where u know this already , it's going to be back to the days of antonie walker and rick pitinio
pst23.41::dont bet on that, they know how to play
pst23.41::KEVIN LOVE BEST PF we have seen in a LONG TIME
pst23.41::If i couldnt get on the boards unless i changed names and all does that mean i got flagged?
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::That's all he can do and they let it happen.
gcd8::this mock draft for 2013 has the raptors taking Ben Mclemore guard from kansas, of course they also have washington taking zellar number 1 and i know damn well a white kid is not going number 1 again
