MisterTiki::Bostons streak is now 4 games. I AM IMPRESSED!
Grindhouse2413::Wow very nice that seven out of the eight players that played last night scored in double figures, three with double doubles
Grindhouse2413::So much for the idiots who say we cant put points on the board. 110.
Grindhouse2413::Haha oops. Thanks bud
AKsparky907::*can't*
_I Am A Celtic_::Pats resign Vollmer
twinsfan184::Amazing how when the Celtics lose, you can hardly find the game on ESPN.
Dribbird.::They win you can't find the game on ESPN.   At least when they lose they get a mention.
_I Am A Celtic_::Cry about it
CrimsonEyedDeath::4 losses in a row.  And the delusional Celtics fans think they'll do anything in the playoffs but go out round one.
MikeMamba21::your not much of a fan if you don't believe
_I Am A Celtic_::It's funny how you think the regular season is the same thing as the playoffs
Mirage3227::Grats Grizz fans. While I am pulling for you all to lose some more (I am a Denver fan) I love seeing small market teams beat up on the likes of LA or Boston! I really hope we secure a number 3 seed because the 4-5 match-up is going to be a killer in the first round. If we do not make 3rd seed, well I would rather play the Clippers than Memphis.
AKsparky907::Back at ya.
nhraven5200::Damn, Skip's kid went off!
AKsparky907::Dude can shoot.
RNYC_125::My dude Jerryd Bayless is balling. Always knew he was a baller. Glad to see how he's been performing in Memphis this year.   Bad news Gasol has an ab tear and is out indefinitely however. Sorry Grizz
Jumeax::i love his Tech,  Almost a flagrant foul on crawford, But just to be sure he gets the tech Pushes Crawford after the play
kcroyal2011::Stern is going to have a tough time setting up a Lakers vs Celtics Finals
Dribbird.::If the Celtics made the finals the Heat wouldn't make it.   Stern would never have that....  He already blocked it last year.
nhraven5200:::(
_I Am A Celtic_:::/
Julio3559::So the. Celtics are. winning. in their. way
Jumeax::holy crap Memhhis scored 110 points?
LeBron James MVPX4::LeBron- M80 Terry- Sparkler
medwatt::someone has to shut Terry's mouth for good !!
medwatt::Whats wrong with the celtics .. . . everything was going so fine before Monday !!
Legends of Past v3::Damn lakers and celtics have the same record
Jumeax::lakers are 1/2 a game worse
miami the U::Q: What is the difference between a Celtics fan and a baby?   A: The baby will stop whining after awhile.
Soxwin91::As someone who is from Boston but detests the Celtics, this is fun to watch.
SouthStander132::What happened to Gasol?
BRIANSsister75::I just got an alert that Marc is out indefinitely
SouthStander132::Sorry to hear that...
SouthStander132::Ugh...
Grindhouse2413::abdominal strain. sure hope he is back soon
bostonwildcats::Danny is getting what he deserves!
LarryBirdsJock33::Somebody call Jeff Green's surgeon and tell him that he must have left Jeff's heart on the operating table.
Grindhouse2413::Bayless balled his $@% off. Loving the Jerryd Fearless
Grindhouse2413::What a game!! Slow start and then end the half by ten. Have a twenty point lead and then give it up? Just glad we came away with it. Hope Gasol is back soon. We need him for the fourth quarters especially. So most weekend games the Forum does this thing for First Tennessee Card holders who sit in the upper levels. You show your card and they pick a lucky fan to move down very close to the court. Well tonight, they picked ME!!! My wife and I moved down from section 226 to 105. Wow. And I was going to try and sell these tickets and not go. So glad I came. What is with all the Memphis Celtic bandwagon fans? That crap makes me sick. We need all the fans we can get. Boston doesnt need any help from us. So glad they went home with a loss. Sucks Boston. Good luck in the playoffs.
andrewcubs1::That's strange. What is there to cheer for on that celtics team right now besides pierce?
Resinveins::cheer for pierce? or his wheelchair?
Grindhouse2413::No idea man. I guess past glories. Still dont know why Memphians would join anyones Bandwagon except Memphis'. Just people being player fans and not knowing crap about the game except the what ESPN shows/tells them. I am sure they were the same fans that voted KG and Pierce into the Allstar game when they had losing records so KG could play like 4 minutes and score ZERO points for the game. Great choices "fans".
Grindhouse2413::Thanks man. I just dont understand the mentality of people who are from this town but would rather cheer for another team. They should be ashamed.
AKsparky907::Glad that happened for you grindhouse! Pretty cool! Yeah the folks in Memphis who come to games to root for the other team are pathetic. I went to the grizz vs. lakers game and it was ridiculous. I made sure to talk $@%! to all of them as the grizz beat that $@%.
celticgreen2012::I'm sick of Terry running his mouth. Start showing people what you can do instead of just talking to the media. Guys been annoying the crap outta me lately.
bigdaddymatty17::That's all he does.
lebronjames646::why was Z-BO coming off the bench?
1grizzfan4life::He was just late to shootaround was the reason given by the Grizz announcers.
AKsparky907::He showed up late for the shoot around.
Real Deal Beal::Matchups maybe? or they want to give Davis some big minutes as they hope he is a part of their future? idk
FadeBackShootAirBall4::jeff green hasn't did anything since that 43 point game against Miami, that took everything he had
_I Am A Celtic_::You're both morons
Real Deal Beal::And he got all the calls that game too. Green is nothing but an average Joe.
FadeBackShootAirBall4::I wouldn't even call him average..lol
Jbrad24seven113::God I hope Gasols not out for the yr
AKsparky907::Me too. He has been playing with the injury, so I'm sure he will be back soon.
markanthony123ful::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGRBD5eOCrY
markanthony123ful::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGRBD5eOCrY
markanthony123ful::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGRBD5eOCrY
Cuban Refugee::Wade &gt; Kobe
markanthony123ful::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGRBD5eOCrY
Cuban Refugee::For 100 points, what team's lineup was this and what year/years?  pg- J. Williams sg- D. Wade sf- A. Walker pf- U. Haslem c- S. Oneal
Cuban Refugee::Took you guys too long, sorry.
habs fans cant stop me::06 heat
bighog129::06 Heat
bigdaddymatty17::At this rate, Boston can forget playing the Knicks in the 1st round.
bigdaddymatty17::Brooklyn is going to be a tough match up for anyone.
lebronjames646::--no one
habs fans cant stop me::new Mexico Georgetown and now Gonzaga whos next
Cuban Refugee::I have Oregon beating Louisville
mykal151::Louisville and Little Rickey?
Cuban Refugee::http://games.espn.go.com/tournament-challenge-bracket/en/entry?entryID=335049  I'm ranked 10,943 in the world.
2524thomas::36-33 and soon to be 36-34 after the Knicks break there little hearts again on Tuesday...book it chowds!!!
2524thomas::36-33 is all i see from where i'm sitting pal
bighog129::Yeah, as a Pats fan you should know that quite well by now
Celtics_Red Sox_Pats_Mavs::Regular season records don't mean much
Celtics_Red Sox_Pats_Mavs::You must be smokinf crack have you seen the Celtics home record before the Heat spoiled that home winning streak
Celtics_Red Sox_Pats_Mavs::Thank god we don't play in the West....2-13 against the West on the road tat is terrible
habs fans cant stop me::anyones brackets still alive
Cuban Refugee::98.9%
Cuban Refugee::Anyone else pressing charges on Wichita for raping their brackets?
Cuban Refugee::I'm high as a kite.
bigdaddymatty17::Hey Boston, are you sure you want to play Miami in the first round of the playoffs? A good ole' a$$whoopin is whats coming to you from the Heat if that's what you really want. So keep slacking off and you'll get what's coming to you.
Yusef8086::god luck with that , i give you props, for being a true die hard
Yusef8086::i understand that the celtics cant beat miami in the playoffs and this is a bad time to be in a funk, one month away from the playoffs and have to play the champs
Celtics_Red Sox_Pats_Mavs::in the ECF yes we will be readyy for you in the ECF
bigdaddymatty17::Yeah, a tough stretch against the Hornets and Mavericks. Nice.
Celtics_Red Sox_Pats_Mavs::Hornets got lucky and the Mavs aren't that bad
Yusef8086::if i remember we are the champs yall aint beat the heat in the last two playoffs, what makes you think they can beat us now wheres the logic
Celtics_Red Sox_Pats_Mavs::Im just sayin based off last season you shouldn't count out the Celtics because they are goin through a tough stretch but i DON'T EXPECT A Heat fan like you to understand
Yusef8086::this is only second gear for the heat you haven't  seen full throttle yet keep playing and get bounced early, thats for the best yall aint worth jack anyway
Celtics_Red Sox_Pats_Mavs::IS that wat you said last season??
mykal151::why?
mykal151::whats happened to him since.have you seen his numbers?
Celtics_Red Sox_Pats_Mavs::He is inconsistent wat did u expect
Yusef8086::wow bro you read my mind, i really think they are blowing these games to get miami in the first round lol ,they really think they can handle us
bigdaddymatty17::I've been pondering this since the All Star break. They are tanking on purpose.
Celtics_Red Sox_Pats_Mavs::So y didn't the Heat whoop us earlier this week
bigdaddymatty17::What are you kidding? Jeff Green put up 43 points and looked like a superstar in that game. That was more than enough to replace KG.
Celtics_Red Sox_Pats_Mavs::The playoffs are about matchups and if we want to win we must stay in that 7th seed and avoid the Knicks or Nets
bigdaddymatty17::They'll get Miami in the first round.
mykal151::no beat Miami in the first round or just go home.
spurs always own lakerheadss::avoid miami and celtics can reach the ecf easily
2524thomas::LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL  ^^^^^^^^^..finish your 40ozer and hit the sack 36-32 7th seed
spurs always own lakerheadss::At least we can all agree lakers suck
mykal151::Amen.and they will continue to be bad.
Cuban Refugee::Truer words have never been said.
2524thomas::Another moral victory for the staggering fading fast BIG C's...way to keep in under the spread fella's
Cuban Refugee::Wichita State just raped my brackets.
Celtics_Red Sox_Pats_Mavs::fenc444 - The Knicks have injuries, there killing everyone.we need to face facts we suck..  no we don't suck we just don't rebound and bring that fire and intensity every night....If we were to play like we did against the Heat a few days ago we wouldn't have such a horrible road record against the West
2524thomas::you should have stopped after your first paragraph...that sums up your C's to a tee
Cuban Refugee::Damn, that ni.gga is high for no reason!
gemstar828::wow... the celt had a chance to win....but thats all it was was a chance...doc said it best...they're soft....right?
