Chad Wiggins::that choke job was something special.... atlanta should be extremely proud of this group
Enash Waca::Way to end the losing streak.  Now lose the next 5 in a row!
Eric Brown::The Eastern conference has a way of playing really garbage against everyone. Besides Miami.
Thomas O'Neal::Eric Brown don't forget Indiana. They look great. We don't care as C's fans. If they put in a good effort and still get a lottery pick or two, I'll be happy.
Eric Brown::Thomas O'Neal Indiana has no titles. I don't take them seriously.
Chelo Mejias::C's win, by god the c's win
Eric Brown::They beat the Hawks. Calm down lol.
Mark DeWar::Eric Brown Winning record team.
Chelo Mejias::Eric Brown   Winning is Winning, whether it's an inch or a mile  -vin diesel
Eric Brown::The Eastern Conference outside of Miami has been the worst thing to ever exist.
Thomas O'Neal::The Pacers are better than Miami, imo.
Eric Brown::Thomas O'Neal Do the Pacers have a title though? Don't worry, I'll wait.
Thomas O'Neal::Eric Brown What the heck does that have to do with this season?
Klaitu Richards::Fly high Hawks, another win...
Jason Peters::Honestly THE most annoying lost bet I have ever had.....Un freaking real this loss. The sad thing was I knew it, I knew it when Atlanta only had a 4 pt halftime lead Celtics were winning this. F Atlanta, they suck!
Reeves Cox::Can I get a damn foul called? Dear Lord. There was a clear 8 second violation not called. They've been fouling my players EVERY play. We missed open shots, but dear Lord, call a foul.
Jason Peters::Told you Boston was winning this game...pathetic Hawks
Ethan Menard::big dog you can't look to the refs for help against a 4-10 team
Reeves Cox::Ethan Menard, whenever it's a foul, it's a foul. Doesn't matter if it's a 4-10 team. It doesn't matter if it's the best team vs. the worst. A foul is a foul. You have to call a foul if there is clearly a foul. You have to call an eight second violation if there is an eight second violation. It has been terrible this quarter.
Jeff Francis::anyone else think that it's possible there will be a below .500 team leading the atlatic division by the end of the season?
Liam Sibson::A lucky 4th Q comeback prevented this garbage team from losing 7 straight for the first time in 6 years.
Thomas O'Neal::Riggin' for Wiggins!
Enash Waca::u mad bro?
Andrew Lipham::refs screwed hawks again in our own stadium.  pathetic.  nauseating.  disgusting.
Thomas O'Neal::If I had a nickel for every time someone blamed a loss on refs...
Chelo Mejias::Now you know how UNH felt when they lost to marquette by 5.... UNH had 27 fouls to Marquettes 15
Chris Mccathern::Hawks looking good. Lou Williams should be able to play back to back games hopefully by Christmas
Reeves Cox::Let's go HAWKS! Beat the Celtics! Keep up the great ball movement, and defense, and get out with a W!
Thomas O'Neal::Crawford looks like a keeper!
Jason Peters::HAWKS are PA THE TIC  . plain and simple
Reeves Cox::And who do you go for, Jason?
Eric Brown::The Eastern Conference is pathetic outside of Miami. Simple as that.
Jason Peters::Reeves Cox .......Nobody, I bet on these bums...I already told you they were going down when I checked the score early in the 2nd qtr. You could just tell Hawks were having issues pulling away from this garbage Celtics team. You allow a bad team to hang around ANYTHING can happen. Outscored by double digits in the 4th qtr at home is inexcusable. Oh well I know who I wont be betting on anymore this year.
Chelo Mejias::C's!
Jason Peters::Yep, this one is OVER,even though its 38-38, I can just tell Celtics own this game.  Bos 97  ATL 93  FINAL..Kind of pathetic for Atlanta they cant pull away from a crappy Celtics team at home.
Reeves Cox:::/ In response to this Paul Millsap on the VERY next play dunked it... I'm sure it's a dunk you will remember for awhile if you're watching the game.
Jason Peters::Reeves Cox ...reverse psychology is what im going for here.
Mark Pringle::It is amazing how much smarter the Hawks are this year. i wonder what the difference is...hmmm...let me think (hint see Detroit)...
Eric Brown::The Hawks losing to the Celtics at home? I have to think the East is the most garbage conference in all pro sports... and it's not even close.
Ethan Menard::have you seen the nfc east????
Eric Brown::Ethan Menard Their division leader has a winning record. The Eastern conference currently has a losing team in its TOP four seeds.
Ethan Menard::Eric Brown the nba champion has came from the eastern conference the last 2 years......
Jason Peters::What a freaking joke, the ONE time I bet on the Hawks they are barley beating one of the worst teams in the NBA at home.....typical.
Ethan Menard::it's closing time! crawford & green push the celts to victory!!!   and i'm 13 beers in!!!!!!!
Ethan Menard::gerald wallace is useless i have no idea why the celts accepted his contract in the trade
Ethan Menard::celts need a win tonight and i got a fresh 30 pack to drown my sorrows in case its another loss
John Menard::Full Hustle by Green!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ethan Menard::sully playing like a MAN... go celts
James J. Johnson Jr.::Only here cause I live in ATL. Go Hawks!
