Kpmg allstar::Dear Kings players who do not have the first name Jimmer:  Where did your amazing defensive skills go?  You let Lin dunk on you twice?
Maha1755::Jeremy Lin on the Rockets’ ball movement:  I thought today was one of our most unselfish games that we’ve had.  Just letting shots find players.  We had a lot of extra passes tonight.  We needed 112 points on the road, we’ll take that.
Queen88022::McHale, why has everything changed? I just missed two games, the team is not mine any more, Lin's buddy - CP's? And everyone listens to Lin including you. Anyway, I can't be selfish as long as we win.   - Harden
Jason Stone Lee::Wild guess, if Lin is not LIN, as the treatment from McFail to him, we would have another Lowry by the end of this season, then say goodbye to postseason as last year. This is the reason everybody love Lin (except LOH), he is the man who may face "sky fall" with standing.
GEORGE W BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME.::MCFAIL'S EGO IS AS BIG AS HIS HEAD.  IN HIS MIND, HE CAN'T DO NO WRONG, EVEN IF IT MEANS HE SIT OUT HIS STARTERS TO LOSE A GAME;)
paduff::If the Rockets are to have any hope of getting out of the 1st round of the playoffs, they have to pass GS in the standings. SA and OKC are too good and too experienced.
bbears88::I think they have a shot against SA--a long shot, but still a shot
GEORGE W BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME.::HAREN IS BACK TO HIS USUAL SELF --&gt; 9 TURNOVERS AND ZERO DEFENSE.  OH WELL AT LEAST HE'S NOT HOGGING THE OFFENSE AND SHOOTING 15 AND OVER, IT'S ALL GOOD LOL;)  EDIT:  OOPS I WAS WRONG, HAREN TOOK 19 SHOTS TOO MANY ;)
hernon254::He's a troll.  Probably a lakers fan.  Have fun getting dumped in the first round after David Stern did everything he could to get you there
MannyTexans24::I swear you're the most annoying guy on this site.. Even more annoying than that melo fan..
GEORGE W BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME.::THANK YOU ;)
Bumblebee8022000::Where are the highlights for this game?
Queen88022::http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=djRwG3Kmqrw
KEVIN MCHALE THE G.O.A.T.::if anyone wants to apply for head coach, please email stfyou@linfansuck@houstonrockets.com
USKID1676::Ha! you must be Lakers fan. Oh No, you must be Knocks's fan... Well, for sure, you don't want Rockets to win. You are a SPPPYYYYYY...
Queen88022::Who dare to dunk on Kings again and again? He must be the KING of Kings. Well done, Lin!  - Queen said
TX rainman::ROCKETS WINNNNNNN MCHALE PWNAGE
OOHHYEAH69::Your still talking about McHale? Rainbow boy we all know u have fetish for McHale but please stop talking about his daughter...let her rest in peace....
tung360::Ur invited to McHale's house for a special treat... For A Goat
KEVIN MCHALE THE G.O.A.T.::thanks man, if lin trys to run his smart mouth again i'll trade him to toronto too
Denzel7587::Hello, Kevin. No wonder the Rockets coaching suck most of the time. You spent your time here in the board while your team is playing
TX rainman::mchale leads the team to victory again, best winning % of the season.  mchale haters can kiss his coach of the year trophy
Jason Stone Lee::coach of the year, in worst.
TX rainman::RIP Sasha
Denzel7587::Coach of the year? Hahahaha. Are you joking? Hahahhaha
JLinNASA::Just remember there are a lot of fake-posing Lin fans who post obvious idiotic BS to tick everyone off.  So ignore them.   To those mother-fakers, GTHOH!   Go Rockets!
JLinNASA::Yes, I'm a huge Lin fan.  Followed him from NY.  However, I'm not delusional and think he is better than Lebron.  He has some weaknesses but is improving steadily and is fun to watch.   Make no mistake, we need Harden to be where we are.  Go Rox!
asian-balla::so you're the "real" lin fan uh....  psheesh
paccard1331::We all know Mchale is not a Lin fan its pretty obvious. He wasnt a Kyle Lowry fan last year either.
asian-balla::pcacard1331... u aint no rockets fan, you only care bout your freaking jeremy lin... go suck his nutz fool
TX rainman::where did lowrys smart mouth get him? to toronto where they hate themselves for trading for him and now can't get rid of him.   you beef with a HOF coach like mchale you lose
Bulls Bears Cubs::McHale is not HOF coach, not even close.... he is just a HOF player.
TX rainman::wtf are u talking about? lowry was a cry baby and he has started lin every game of the season.  lin gets more minutes in houston then he got in NY during linsanity. another ignorant LOF
paccard1331::Lin had back to back games of 19 and 11, 15 and 10. When Lin is able to handle the ball he is a top notch PG. Anybody who watches the game and understands the game can see that Lin is the motor that gives everybody going. I love Harden, but honestly Lin is who is the key to the playoffs. SIDEBAR: McHale is an awful coach. And I mean AWFUL!!!!
Bumblebee8022000::I could give f less about the rockets. I'm still a JLin Fan though. Go Rockets!!!
JLinNASA::Cheering for Lin is cheering for the team that he plays on.   Otherwise, you can cheer for that single player's stat and the team loses.  I like all of our players:    Harden, Asik, Parson, and T.Jones.
asian-balla::pcacard1331... u aint no rockets fan, you only care bout your freaking jeremy lin... go suck his nutz fool
fred3857::Maybe,but without Lin,Rox def not even in the west top 10.
walle D_ D::no harden...... no playoff chance at all.
Mott the Hoop::Great West Coast win! Denver is going to be a tough one.
NDFRockets18::Always is a nightmare for us it seems
Yu Darvish and Jeremy Lin::Rockets win!!  :)
Denzel7587::NBA finals: Houston Rockets vs New York Knicks.
JLinNASA::If you are going to dream,   NBA Finals:  Rockets and Heat.    Rockets 4-2.  Rockets ran the whole series and blew by the Hear, Heat never knew what hit 'em.
rm90025::did someone forget about Miami and OKC?
bwc2000::actually, if it was rockets vs okc and then later on rockets vs knicks.. THAT would be legendary.
123abc456xxy::Houston 4-0
Denzel7587::It would be like 3-0 because the Knicks concede already before the 4th game. It's nice to dream sometimes.
Polly8283::That would be legendary....people would speak of it till the end of time. :)
Denzel7587::nba69=carmelo anthony. confirmed the identity. lin hater.
SF_Bay_Henri::Terence Jones is much better than T-Robinson
asian-balla::yeah that's why robinson didnt even smelled the court last night.  He's gonna have to get A LOT better this summer or else just another high potential bust.
19Houston75::Who led the team tonight in blocked shots? Who had the 3rd highest number of rebounds? Those are both defensive stats.
19Houston75::BTW, Harden grabs more than twice the number of RPG as the 7 foot D Mo.
Bulls Bears Cubs::and Harden play 4 times longer in minutes.....
19Houston75::6 of the 7 were defensive. Is he a good defender? No, but he does play some defense. He's ranked 6th in the league in steals. Those steals almost always end in points, because he looks like a corner taking one back to the house.   The only truly suspect defensive player on the team is D Mo. He doesn't even remotely protect the paint, and for his size, is a joke of a rebounder. If Harden jumped in front of his man to cut off his path to the basket, he'd get in foul trouble constantly. Last thing you want is Harden on the bench with fouls. Asik and Smith have done well in the paint together. Inside defense is the key. Guards need that safety valve. It allows them to leak out for fast breaks when those big guys are changing shots and grabbing the boards.
NDFRockets18::Rebounds aren't really a defensive stat as they can be offensive and they come after a shot. Harden just has tendencies to watch the ball when the guy he is defending doesn't have it and he loses his defender. When he focuses that doesn't happen
Jason Stone Lee::Harden's offense went down recently, I believe he can find shooting hands back. But his defense is really problem now for Houston. Don't expect he become a good defender, but at least play defense more active.
NDFRockets18::His defensive flaw is off ball defense where he watches the ball and loses his defender to the wing. That can be fixed. He had a similar slump early in the year around november, he will bounce back
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::Playoff intensity will help that. His defense is below average because he waste all his energy on offense, but I remember he played really good defense last year in the playoffs. Still was average on Okc but still.
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::defensively.
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::I cant wait for the playoffs especially for Harden. I thought in okc he was an average defender and had some good moments on d in the playoffs if he gets that playoff intensity going watch out!
NewAges::Rockets do not need Dwigh Howard.....Asik came along every well.....He will be much better than in few years
asian-balla::sure any team would be better with DH, but he comes with too many freaking baggage and $$$$$$
NDFRockets18::they don't need him but they would be a lot better with him. Motivated Dwight who is having fun is by far the best center. Dwight gets blamed for his awful team being awful by the 3rd best SG in the league who deserves a lot of blame but gets none and thus isn't having fun. All while not being 100% healthy
rm90025::Rockets are now 8 games over .500 when Lin takes 10 or more shots in a game.  They are an even .500 when he shoots less than 10 times per game.  The last 2 weeks of the NBA season are basically like pre-season.
TX rainman::if you believe that you are a moron
Justin_Graves4::correction the rockets are 9 above 500 they are 42-33
Ismael0627::Last I checked Harden fans, Harden said "Lin is our leader"
sagematic::Really?  When and where did harden say that?  I'd like to look it up.
Jason Stone Lee::You really hurt Harden's fan boy, even more hurts to them than Lin made wins without Harden.
19Houston75::Go find us something Harden said about Lin, that would be derogatory.
Jason Stone Lee::JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG - You need to relax. Harden and Lin are best friends and he would disagree with everything your saying. He has praised Harden in many of his interviews just chill and enjoy the rockets not Lin in general its a team game.  Lin always say good to his teamates never mind what he got from them back! Melo, Smith, etc, have you heard any bad words from him? Even coaches did and said a lot against him...
19Houston75::I am hurting to the 2 wins of these Rockets without mine favorite Harden Player. It isn't the same emotion when winning without the Beard. Strategic suicide for me when Harden isn't in game and got benched.
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::You need to relax. Harden and Lin are best friends and he would disagree with everything your saying. He has praised Harden in many of his interviews just chill and enjoy the rockets not Lin in general its a team game.
19Houston75::Rockets are 9 games over 500.
Jason Stone Lee::I hope McHale rest Lin and Parsons 2 games before post season, let's see how Harden can do without Lin and Parsons, and then rest Harden and Lin to see #2 Parsons play.
19Houston75::Last time I checked, Harden doesn't average 106ppg. Of course he would need someone else to be able to score. Without Lin, he'd never touch the ball. They'd triple team the guy into 0-0 shooting and 25 assists.
QNoir::Lin also played only 3 quarters. He would have went for 16 assists if he played 1 more.
Jason Stone Lee::19Houston75 - Not quite fair. Lin got Francisco in the starting lineup. Harden will get Beverly. The dude can D, but he has no offensive game at all.  So you think Franciso play SG better than Beverly play PG? But all Harden's fans thought Harden can ISO to win, why he needs Garsia to score?
rm90025::I hope Lin continues to play.  The Rockets are not going to do much in the playoffs, especially if they match up with OKC.
19Houston75::Not quite fair. Lin got Francisco in the starting lineup. Harden will get Beverly. The dude can D, but he has no offensive game at all.
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::Yes Lin makes an impact, but this is Hardens team Lin has had his moments and the kid obviously has a lot of upside, but to be fair without Harden this team would not make the playoffs im sorry.
TX rainman::lin is not #2 (parsons) or #3 (asik)
rm90025::I never said that the team wasn't Harden's team.  He is the star.  Every team needs a #2, and the stats show that Lin is that player when he is allowed to play a role offensively.
NDFRockets18::Parson's #2.  All else is true about Harden
nbafanatic69::now this i can agree with.  harden's the key for this team.  asik or parson's the #2 player.
NewAges::In this game, Harden shoot bad for 3 qtrs and Rockets still leaded the score all the way,  because Lin was THE PG
KEVIN MCHALE THE G.O.A.T.::uhm, no
mpoph::Did any of you see a pic of McHell next to Lin recently - a damage control photo op? It looked like Lin wanted to puke and fart if he could. No respect for McHell. No eye contact at all, just staring at the blank space. LOL
TX rainman::if he doesn't respect the coach regardless who the coach is he is not worth having
rm90025::Lin isn't that way about his coaches.  He has a good attitude and respects his coaches as people he can learn something from.  Obviously, he probably finds it difficult to understand how he could lose minutes to Beverley last month after a number of 15-20 point games while shooting 50% from the field, 40% from 3 and more than holding his own defensively against top PGs.  His response, however, is to be a professional about things and make the most of his opportunities.
19Houston75::BTW, Lin does read some of the comments on twitter and according to members of the Houston press, he laughs at how insane his fans sound. ;)
NDFRockets18::If you would have listened to any of his pre or post game comments on lin the past few weeks they are very positive. Even after a bad Lin performance he has been confident that it was an off game and Lin will play at a high level next game.
mpoph::yep, a sudden change. They must had a meeting. McHale over did it, made it too obvious. Morey: Cut back a wee bit and soften a wee bit and you can resume kicking Lin soon. Don't be so damn blatant now on and you'll be fine.
nbafanatic69::there does seem to be very obvious tension between lin and mchale.  maybe mchale's getting sick of all the rabid LOF freaks who are riding lin's d*ck.  can't say i blame him.  annoying as hell.
19Houston75::It's the press. 7 out of 10 questions in every press conference are about Lin. It's human nature to get annoyed by answering the same question over and over and over again. If you get a chance, watch one full post game press conference. It's hilarious how many questions are about Lin's playing time.  Adelman and JVG had to endure the same for Yao.
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::Thats because Mchale is weird af. He is probably a funny guy but when it comes to 1 on1 conversations chicken mcnuggets would be more engaging.
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::I would rather have Josh smith than Dwight I think Smith would fit this system better.
NDFRockets18::but this system isn't usually the system that excells in the playoffs or as a team gets older. They do it because it's best for what they have now. With Dwight if they could incorporate him into a slower system with the rest of the team I think they will play better consistently and overall get more dominant
NewAges::Rockets should play Lin at 70% PG. Harden at 30% PG....no more committee of PG
rm90025::It's nice to see more talk about Lin running the point, which plays to his strengths.  He has had to spend most of this year playing off the ball, and has somehow found a way to improve his game.  Harden's uneven play over the last 6 weeks or so (due to injury) has caused the coaching staff and Houston fans to take a second look at how efficiently the team performs when Lin has the ball in his hands.  The coaching staff seems to have grudgingly conceded that Lin does have a positive impact on the team's offensive efficiency, and right now, he is probably the better choice as primary ball handler over Harden.
JLinNASA::Good insight.
nbafanatic69::give it up.  lin was lucky tonight he was in the 4Q.  bev had a bad night.  but don't you worry, lin will be back at home on the bench soon enough.
NDFRockets18::yet last year Knicks fans were yelling at everyone that Lin wasn't lucky in that stretch. Focus on your team now, you just look like you miss Lin
NDFRockets18::I say (as a Rockets fan not LOF) Lin should have PG duties anytime he is on the court except for close end game scenarios when you need your superstar to take over the game. So probably about 80% Lin PG
Ismael0627::Denver or Memphis, Houston is no match for the Thunder. How lucky the Warriors enjoy their season success with that sweet spot....
NDFRockets18::We match up better with OKC than Denver. Denver always has their way with us. Against OKC pressure will be on them to not lose to the guy that left them. Harden might be more driven and the Rockets might rally around him. You never know.  Oh and Westbrook loves to blow playoff games
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::Once the Rockets get Josh Smith they will be (:
NewAges::Bev is moving around very good but not hit the target.....
NDFRockets18::Defensively he is always solid. High motor with a nose for the ball. In terms of creating offense he is very inconsistent
NewAges::Bev can only play good for 15 minutes
01.02.2013::agreed. besides his shooting tonight, everything else was solid
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::Rockets need to hire Alvin Gentry next season.
rm90025::I disagree with most of your posts, but I would agree on this one.  Alvin Gentry is a really good coach who would be perfect for Houston.
NDFRockets18::I would take a Van Gundy
NDFRockets18::Whichever one Dwight allows to coach him haha
01.02.2013::which one?
Dawan208::Who is that?
NDFRockets18::Until this past year was coach of the Suns
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::Coach who got fired from Phoenix but lead the suns to the western conference finals. Improved there defense and runs a run in gun style which would fit the rockets.
mpoph::Kevin McHell: I had no chance to let Beverley close out the game because it wasn't a blowout. Boo hoo hoo.
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::@nbafanatic Melo is a better scorer than Harden, but this is Hardens first year of being a first option and he is passing with flying colors and even playing better than Melo did in his 4th year. Melo is a better scorer and defender, but Harden makes other people better.
JLinNASA::@nbafanatics  How far has Harden and Melo gone in postseason? Melo - first round. Harden - NBA Finals.   Come and be a Rockets' fan.  You spend more time herein this Rockets' board anyway.  PS. I'm followed Lin here from NY also.
Matt51662::No one fears harden... Okay homer, he only scores 26 points per no big deal. Horrible in post season, pretty sure he dismantled the spurs pretty much on his own. Seriously worry about your Knicks y'all have enough problems don't worry about the rockets.
NDFRockets18::just so he sees it I will repeat...  How many playoff series has Melo won? Harden is close in scoring on less shots and better percentage. Harden has more assists and rebounds than Melo. Harden has carried the youngest team in the league to 7th best in the west (which is basically 2nd in the east) in his FIRST season as a starter.  He invokes ball movement, is on a much cheaper contract. This is just for starters
nbafanatic69::NO.  how's harden post-season?  oh yeah, pretty bad last year.  guy's a talent and has a hot streak, but he's inconsistent, can be stopped and NO ONE fears him.  melo?  guy dominates a team.  by himself, without relying on a supporting cast (like harden).  the only thing holding melo back are dumb@ss moves by his teammates.  but when he's getting into the paint, people clear out.    melo all day, harden, meh.
NewAges::As long coach McHale let Lin plays PG and the Rockets win games......I have no complain
NDFRockets18::The 4th quarter was very well coached. They rest was questionable rotation wise but I was pleased with the 4th
01.02.2013::Every time I watch a Melo interview on ESPN I want to slap his 4th grade English teacher.
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::Lins stanima is poor but I have seen major improvement with it. Hes a great off ball defender and Harden can be to when he wants to. Lin and Harden are both not lock down defenders but they can be good off the ball thats why the get so many steals. I have wanted Mchale to go to a 3-2 match up zone all season.
NewAges::Melo is trying......if I can't get the ring, I might want to pad the stats up.....
Slambo12345::nbafanatic69 - lin ain't DRose.  he's not CP3.  he's not monta, and he's sure not rondo.  but hey, he'll still quit on you if he's only 85% healthy.  FACT. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- So we finally get down to the point of his season long b****fest...he's still $@%!$@%! that his loverboy didn't come back to get beat by the Heat instead of going out there/getting crushed by the Heat/potentially injured again....Yet you come here and tell us to get over ourselves because we support Lin now that he's a Rocket??? GTFO. Knicks never had a shot and won't for a long time
Chester8432::if he played and could not score / defend, you would still blame him.
JLinNASA::True.  If Lin were to play on injured knee, he would hurt the team more than help them.  He couldn't touch the rim, he couldn't cut, not explosive.  The NY fan and media will blame him right away.   Hell, they blame him either way.  If Lin blows out his knee, does anyone care?   What happened to Baron Davis?  Is he playing on any team right now?  Respect to B. Diddy.   Dolan told Lin, "Rest up. I have long term plan for you." What was that plan?  Haha
AY410::u dont go out early on a meniscus tear. better to let tendons fully heal after surgery. i.e. Derrick Rose out an entire season. Rose is definitely 95% healthy but not basketball ready. was Lin basketball ready to play the heat?
nbafanatic69::he admitted he was 85% healthy to the media.  imagine that.  but hey, it's the playoffs and your team is losing the series, no big deal for lin.
nbafanatic69::kid quit on his team.  nuff said.
Swish3And1::Your owner quit on Lin, enough said. You need to go get some help. lol
QNoir::Checkmate.
01.02.2013::hasn't quit on Rockets this season, played all 74 games
NewAges::Last game Rockets vs Knicks, Melo had a fake injury to avoid embarrassment.....
NDFRockets18::Yet the Knicks were closer than the first meeting. Still a blow out though
Jason Stone Lee::If you don't agree coaches hated Lin, what is the reason, they thought TD and Beverly were all better than Lin?
JLinNASA::Bev D is better than Lin.  True.  Bev better than Lin in any other category?
QNoir::Lin's d down the stretch this game was MONEY! He doesn't prevent players from making it inside, but defends outside shots well.  That's why we need Jones inside.
QNoir::I agree, mostly. But it's nothing to get too excited about.
nbafanatic69::lol bev &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; lin on D.  sorry LOF, you've lost it.
NDFRockets18::The person McHale started is the one they thought was better. So Lin
nbafanatic69::you go with the hot hand.   near the end, you emphasize D to protect a lead.  Lin's D is cr@p, his stamina's poor, and he'll have hot streaks until he suddenly doesn't.  dunno why LOFs can't understand  this.
01.02.2013::slow night on the knick board?
Dawan208::It's because they are focus on shooters.  They give the hot shooters more minutes!!
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::Lin starts over them there have been like 4 or 5 games where Lin sat in the 4th quarter. It doesnt matter even steve nash has sat when Dragic went off. No big deal TD and Beverly are shooters so if they get hot your leaving them in same goes for Lin. Because the balls going in Hardens hands late anyway.
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::Im saying Harden has played well and now Melo goes off at the end of the season and he will finish with a higher shooting %. I hate how nba shooting % are structured same with mlb batting averages.
nbafanatic69::harden has a long way to go.  harden CAN be stopped, we saw that many times tonight.  he needs the help of his colleagues.    melo is a force by himself.  carries the team, and CANNOT be stopped.  you can't stop melo from scoring, period.  you're seeing this in these past few games.  when melo is melo, even lebron can't touch him.
JLinNASA::Let's talk about going there...in the post season.   Melo - first round. Harden - NBA Finals
deanaed78::they key thing we're only seeing this in the "past few games"... Melo is too streaky and he can't streak it out like that through a protracted playoff. That's why the knicks won't make it beyond round 2.
nbafanatic69::melo &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; harden, don't even go there.
NDFRockets18::I will go there immediately. How many playoff series has Melo won? Harden is close in scoring on less shots and better percentage. Harden has more assists and rebounds than Melo. Harden has carried the youngest team in the league to 7th best in the west (which is basically 2nd in the east) in his FIRST season as a starter.   Try me
Dawan208::I wish Mchale would develop some plays where Lin or Harden alley opp to Jones or Smith.  They both are good at handling the ball.  Plus the Rockets can get on Sports Center.
QNoir::To be honest, I really don't think TRob is all that great at catching oops, lol.
QNoir::I wonder what his vertical is. To me, he never looks like he gets up that high.
NDFRockets18::Athletic as hell though lol
NDFRockets18::SERIOUSLY!   I've been wanting this the whole time. TRob is a FREAK athlete and Jones is very polished all around and quite athletic too. They are wasting athleticism
sports guy12::that is the ultimate goal, right?
01.02.2013::nbafanatic69 - lol hatred for melo, this year's MVP.  believe me, ny would love a rematch with the rox.  let's see harden try his cr@p against our D.  Felton would tear Lin apart, you know that. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  LOL in the last Rox v Knick game, Falton was trying to go ISO on Lin all night but ended up shooting under 20% .  After the game Falton blamed it on his fat broken pinkie
JLinNASA::@nbafanatics  Be a Rockets fan.  The healing will start sooner.
nbafanatic69::lin ain't DRose.  he's not CP3.  he's not monta, and he's sure not rondo.  but hey, he'll still quit on you if he's only 85% healthy.  FACT.
NDFRockets18::You are obsessed with Lin  FACT
Dawan208::How did Lin quit on his team, he was hurt.  Even D-Rose wants to make sure he's 100%
nbafanatic69::love how lin shouts at his teammates.  big man!  any wonder why he's benched soon after?  it's not mchale who wants him out, it's his team.
LinHardenParsons::How's that drunk Jason Kidd working out for you?
Dawan208::Liar
01.02.2013::Faton needs to slow down when eating or else he'll bite his fingers
nbafanatic69::Felton's two hands were broken, he wasn't feeling right.  Felton gives you everything he has.  Lin, not so much.  watch the playoffs.  he'll quit on his team again.
NDFRockets18::for someone who thinks Lin is worse than your current PG you seem to care a shiit ton about how he does. I will be convinced Knicks fans think Felton is better when they GET OVER LIN
LinHardenParsons::Your owner is James Dolan.  My condolences.
NDFRockets18::And the only thing Felton tears apart is fast food
LinHardenParsons::Then he ate a cheeseburger.  With extra cheese.
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::I hate nba % Harden has been way more consistant than Melo and now Hardens % is falling. He still plays phoenix twice which he always dominates but he needs 2 more monster games.
nbafanatic69::you comparing harden to melo?  wtf.  no comparison there.
NDFRockets18::*BETTER than Melo. Ooopsies my bad lol
NDFRockets18::Because they don't have similar playstyles? Yeah no comparison.  On how good they are? Harden is in the same class as Melo
nbafanatic69::melo mvp 2013.  heard it hear first.  eat it, haters.
sports guy12::does ESPN give out awards?
timjhammond::Harden
NewAges::Knicks fans are still having a nightmare.....Rockets come to Garden Square and rape the Knicks.....
mpoph::Kevin McHell: I told my coach friends I'm going to quit after this season because Les forced me to play Lin.   Chris Finch: You will be sorely missed.... I'll take it over for you.
jtanglaw::Good Coaching is important specially in the playoffs.
nbafanatic69::Bev was having an off night.  if Bev was Bev, no lin in 4Q.
mpoph::@fanatic ..... that's exactly my point. your man McHell likes to win like all coaches, but he wants Lin to fail on an individual level.
QNoir::That would have been awful. Lin was good down the stretch.
NDFRockets18::why bring this up? McHale looks very good after how Houston played as a team in the 4th plus his decision to stick with Jones.  Last I checked he also chose to have Lin in for almost all the 4th til the end of the game
mpoph::Hahahaha.... McHell had NO CHOICE! Did you see the game? Bev in, the lead shrank by 4.... Bev in again, the lead again shrank by 4.... Bev in, the lead shrank by 3..... Every single time in this game, with Lin back in, the lead increased back up. McLerch McHell HAD ABSOLUTELY NO CHOICE THIS TIME.
NDFRockets18::I'm commenting directly to that guys comment about the McHale still hating Lin thing. Prior to the 4th his rotations we annoying the hell out of me
jtanglaw::Its not about Lin its about Mchale decision on the game. His not consistent on how to make a win for the team
QNoir::These discussions are only going to get worse as the Rockets get better, because they'll be trying to figure out how to beat teams like OKC in the playoffs. That's when you really start to get frustrated with players that you already know are good, and any other team would love to have.
NDFRockets18::And the McHale bashing will be out of control
QNoir::For sure this year, but I'm from Detroit. I remember watching Rick Carlisle lead the East 2 years in a row with the Pistons. He then got replaced by Larry Brown, who Carlisle had just beaten in the 2nd round of the playoffs. I think they're gonna want a big boy coach after next year, where they'll at least make it to round 2.
NDFRockets18::We all know he is going to get a pass this year though...
QNoir::Yeah. The fact of the matter is, teams that are this good often change coaches with the expectation to get over the hump. McHale might end up a casualty of that. Even good coaches get canned when teams are thinking championship.
NDFRockets18::I like what he has done with this team but to be fair his rotations do drive me mad sometimes
jtanglaw::I suggest a new coach
nbafanatic69::hey great, the rox beat the thu--- , oh, yeah, the kings.  riiiight, what a victory...
nbafanatic69::lol hatred for melo, this year's MVP.  believe me, ny would love a rematch with the rox.  let's see harden try his cr@p against our D.  Felton would tear Lin apart, you know that.
sports guy12::Carmelo has no shot for MVP
nbafanatic69::no melo in game 2.  game 1 we were having an off night.  10 straight wins btw.  and that would never happen again, rox wouldn't reach 80 in a game with us.
01.02.2013::Dawan208 - Knicks are doomed without Melo.  Melo is on a good shooting streak right but just wait till the playoff    he'll start choking again
Dawan208::Knicks are doomed without Melo.
01.02.2013::So I heard the Old Nuggets team is on a 10 game winning streak  against the JV East Conf teams - YAY!
NDFRockets18::Yeah since the best offensive team in the league gets held below 80 often (never). You are in the east, home of awful offenses.  Plus we dominants the Knicks and ALWAYS do
Dawan208::Excuses excuses!!
sports guy12::ha
NDFRockets18::2-0 vs the Knicks this year in blowouts
NDFRockets18::you knows it's bad when it's been for so long that die hard Rockets fans forget.
LinHardenParsons::For how many years now?
01.02.2013::What's going on with JIMMER?
