BBALL7::I am tired and sick of all all these Lin-hater comments. I am by no means saying he is an all-star, but Jeremy does not deserve all this blame. All you guys are saying that he sucks and everything, but why? If even you lin-haters don't know why, then dont say anything. Also, in order to be in the NBA, you have to be really good. Compared to other players, he might not be the best, but if he 1v1'ed you, he would dominate you.
The Question::Noticed with a lot of televised Rockets home games,the arena is never full. I see teams like the Cavs or Magic who clearly are rebuilding with full places. I always thought of H-Town as a great supporter of the franchise.
Joe::Chandler played an outstanding game.
Doug::I was hoping for a 3 and 1 road trip, but now, back to back, they have to go into OKC and beat a very hot team.  It looks like Kevin Durant has stepped his game up to the next level.  If he continues the defense, he will put himself in the same zip code as LaBron, and that is serious trouble for all Western Conference teams.
Daddy::If the rockets could somehow get Jeff Green in a trade does Jeff Green start at the four?  That would be a excellent trade for the rockets.  That starting five would be awesome!  and probably the only trade that makes sense for both teams..The green contract may be the deciding factor
LeBron MVP::Beverley at +26!  Better than Chris Paul's last game!
shane::I would be completely surprised if portland did not pull out some kind of comeback and take this game into a final shot type situation like all of their games this season.
Fader Hawk::Thanks Scott!! Didn't know this game is nationally televised on TNT. Going to wtaching the second half.
Masterplan12::@The Question. I am a Rockets season tickets holder. H-town is a supporter, I think the fans are a little weary of the inconsistency in playing. Being on national TV is not the motivator for the fans, seeing a great game played (win or lose) is the motivator.
Tony::That Texas trip to san antonio, dallas, and houston, three games in four nights against good competition is a hard challenge. Now comes another hard one tomorrow night and OKC. If the Blazers split this road trip 2-2 then they are in good shape.
