Mickey Doherty::Next 5 home games for the Wolves: Charlotte, Sacramento, Utah, New Orleans, and Memphis. Boy I sure hope the Wolves can go above .500 in those 5... more than likely we will have 2 blowout wins and 3 losses by less than 4 points...   Yes I am starting to get very negative about this team.
Mickey Doherty::That was too harsh of me, Wolves win in a blowout! (Uh oh, looks like I will be 1/5 of the way to my prediction...)
Mark Sabbas::every game Wolves switch off between blowing out a team and losing a nailbiter... kinda ridiculous once you take a look at their record.
Jesse Huber::I'm not watching this game. I'm going to honor my pledge: I will not watch the Timberwolves until Rick Adelman is fired or until the Timberwolves have 5 wins by 4 points or fewer. There's no reason at all to watch this team right now, given that they're 0-10 in games decided by 4 points or less. I will talk Twins baseball and the quest for .500. Just the dream of maybe going .500 is more interesting than 0-10.
Justin Dziedzic::Rick Adelman is the best coach the wolves had in a long time..... don't know what you're smoking....
Mark Sabbas::agreed with Justin.... it's not Rick's Fault.
Jesse Huber::Justin Dziedzic - Rick Adelman can coach. I'm not going to go as far as to say he can't coach, but I will say that his teams can't finish games. This isn't a new problem for Adelman. If I could go back in time and review all those big games (especially in the playoffs) that his teams didn't finish, my guess is I would end up saying that Adelman did a good job and his players came up short. That's largely what's happening here to Adelman as well. Rubio in particular has been woeful at best in crunch time. I can't really blame Adelman for that. The reason I want Adelman fired: I want to start over again. This team isn't going anywhere with Rubio. Love is on his way out probably (as much as I hate that). I want to let Flip Saunders build his team and see what happens. 0-10 is not what I want to see.
Nik Budig::JJ is a negative cataylst for this team. He scores alot only because when ever he is on the court he acts like everyone on his team is  bunch of middle school kids who can't play. JJ needs to go or play the Point like he is suppose too.  Love is just speaking out what everyone thinks the bench doesn't put up points but they do let up points.  JJ step up or get out.
Luke Zacharias::How about Shved? He doesn't do jack squat.
Nik Budig::The Wolves effort tonight was terrible they needed just 3 points to beat the cats by 30 and they couldn't even do that... Rick is a terrible coach for putting the back-ups in so early with such a close blow-out... terrible absolutley terrible.
Barry McCockiner::Lol
Joe Coburn::JJ has become such a detriment. He is aging worse than milk and those few things that gave him an edge are leaving him fast. Last year he wasn't close to the same player he was two years ago and this year he isn't even a shell of what he was last year.
Nik Budig::So he is a 1/4 of what he was 3 years ago?
Joe Coburn::Nik Budig Since i never said a measurement i don't get how you came up with that number. But sure, lets go with that.
Joe Coburn::Wolves win tonight. Go to San Antonio and fail for the 8th time trying to go over .500. Yep, thats how we roll.
Anthony Wing::were going to beat the spurs.
Luke Zacharias::How big of a lead are the Wolves going to blow in this game? Over/Under: 40?
Stefon Catalina::Trade JJ Barea for Gary Neal.
Kevin Russell::http://kevinrussell7571.wix.com/vipsportspicks
Anthony Wing::please stay healthy turiaf. your the key. sounds weird, but all we need is a dash of defense to lift us. hes that dash.
Garrett Ryan Emanoil::I really hope the Cats get Wiggins or Parker in the draft. Praying to god. This is painful to watch as a Cats fan.
Randy Ragsdale::This is an important win for the Wolves, because next up on Sunday they're in San Antonio.
Steve Broome::Hard to believe a professional player can shoot as poorly as Ricky Rubio does.
Anthony Wing::5 blocks. how did we do that? oh yeah turiaf is back.
Ron Schaffer::Pekovic is one of the best centers in the league.
Anthony Wing::apples are mostly red.
Mike Dombrock::lets reel off 2 or 3 more and see where were at then
Joe Coburn::Cunningham has always been garbage.
Anthony Wing::say that to his face.
Jeff Stern::Great job AT--strong 6 man!!
Tony Hartmann::Nice win wolves.
Tim Terry::Cats in tank mode.
Anthony Wing::form your own opinion.
Tim Terry::Anthony Wing That is
Anthony Wing::Tim Terry my bad , evertime i turn on sc i hear tanking.
