aaronernest504::I am wearing a hoodie, talking to my girlfriend.  I am 17 years old and weigh 140 LBS.  As I am walking at night, a 28 year old man jumps out of his truck, he weighs twice what I do and is yelling at me.  I have a pack of skittles and an ice tea in my pocket.  He has a gun in his pocket.  Minutes later the 140LB kid is dead, his weapons of an ice tea and skittles are still in his pocket.  Friends of Zimmerman, the cops(Zimmerman it was common knowledge wanted to be a cop)  Do not do a GSR, Gun Shot Residue  Do not take his clothes as evidence  Do not take him in  Do not arrest him  Do not take his gun  Do not take his blood for a drug test  They do let him go  They believe whatever he says  Fact---Police chief is gone and officers involved can kiss their incompetent cop careers goodbye.  Fact---They took the dead guys blood for tests not the shooter,this alone will doom these idiots from ever putting on a badge again.  Fact---Cops ignored witnesses that did not agree with their accounts.
Raidersyeahthatsright::Ignore the uncomfortable facts. Injuries to the face and back of the head of Zimmerman, witnesses that saw Martin on top of Zimmerman and the fact the media uses a 3+ yr old photo to make the kid look like angelic. We know who killed Trayvon, we know how he was killed, what we don't know is how long the list of people willing to use his death to advance their own personal agenda will be. But, please go ahead and spout off.
Zo3313::Slam Dunk on u is a D- BAG
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::Yeah he is.....he's an idiot! Saying the suns by 20..lol...definitely a d-bag!
WeAreTheMIB::This is the best looking Spurs lineup in years.  This team is DEEEEEP!  The Spurs are continuing their relentless march toward championship #5.  GO SPURS GO!!!!!
luvnbayes::I know this might sound harsh, but Pop should start Diaw over Blair, starting immediately.  He brings more defense, better hands, more passing skills, and a bunch more savvy.  He already has shown he can connect with Manu and Tony.  Plus, Blair would actually become more effecient if he played against other back up post players.  Diaw can compete against the Dirks and Pau Gasol's come playoff time, Blair cannot.  Blair +/- last night, -6, Diaw +14.    I thought picking up Jackson was great, and still do, but the more significant pickup is going to be Diaw.  The guy simply knows how to play.
threetimechamp210::Dude reminds me of Robert Horry a little bit!
_nba is the worst_::Please - the +/- stat is garbage.  Diaw vs Pau and Dirk?  Laughable.  Perhaps you don't realize Diaw is soft - and the funniest thing is that ESPN lists Blair as a backup PG!  http://espn.go.com/nba/team/depth/_/name/sa/san-antonio-spurs...
_nba is the worst_::I WAS SHOCKED TO ACTUALLY SEE SOME MEDIA ATTENTION FOR THE SPURS THIS AM ON leESPN...
threetimechamp210::Wait till next week when MLB first week rolls around, the Spurs will be bumped by Pirates vs Blue Jays. I hate that!
JLobello4::spurs will lose first round
WhyUHatin47::Dont call or list Tim Duncan old. He'll kill you with a 26-11
UTSisTexas::if Duncan puts up 26pts 11reb per game in the playoffs.  Don't even come at us bro.
UTSisTexas::The Spurs went all in this season going for that #5 Championship.  Can't wait for the playoffs.
EscobarSeasonSA::OMG, spurs yes. We are gonna win #5 yesssssssssssssss
sportzmon::As usual, nobody's talking about the Spurs, but this team is scary deep, with several guys who can play multiple positions. Pop has the luxury of resting players all the way up to the playoffs without sacrificing wins, just like he kept Jack out tonight.  The old guys will have fresh legs, and the youngsters will have some valuable playing time.  Could be the formula for another Championship.
Meet-The-Forkers::Dudley was our Dud tonight.
hittinthe777::I found a betting system a few months back called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 2 months straight now following this system. I discovered this system by googling the words "basketball betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. It is the best betting system I have ever followed in years of betting on sports and I recommend it to anyone that is looking for a system that actually works
Julian_h_Lyon::Good game Suns. Glad to see the Spurs win but it hurts the Suns with getting a playoff seed. Suns are gonna beat the Clippers though, and they can close the distance when the play the Jazz in a couple games. Plus you have the Kings and Hornets, so you should win those easy.
Schitt_face::Making the playoffs is the worst thing the suns could do. 1 lottery ball could be the difference between Anthony Davis and Jared Sullinger.
cowboyschris50::jackson hurt?
mespin018::He was resting he should be playing tomorrow.
koop2223::they can shoot the 3 from every postion
hittinthe777::I found a betting system a few months back called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 2 months straight now following this system. I discovered this system by googling the words "basketball betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. It is the best betting system I have ever followed in years of betting on sports and I recommend it to anyone that is looking for a system that actually works
koop2223::spurs cant beat u in the half court and they can run and gun u out of the building deepest team in the lg with a healthy TIMMY and MANU they can make some major noise think they can make it out of the west dont think they can beat the bulls or heat in the finals
anonymous_sports_watcher__::best matchup for the Spurs in the first round?
anonymous_sports_watcher__::Spurs are dangerous this year!  WATCH OUT!!
DeanGibbz::patty mills!!!!!
fulla11::Starters &gt; Scrubs . . . an equation Gentry would be wise to remember and implement. Instead of letting leads/close games get away, use the 'sub' button and get the starters back in. It's no secret there is only one all star on this team who makes everyone play above their pay grade when he is on the floor; when he is not  . . . 10-0 runs happen. Also, hats off to S. Brown, sadly, his greatest game ends with an L. Even bigger game tomorrow night, going to need the same effort with smarter subbing to get back on track with a side of Channing and Dudley playing like they can.
scoot tre::Spurs now 6-1 since the trade deadline.  It's win AND rest/heal not win OR rest/heal.  This team is DEEP!
anonymous_sports_watcher__::DIZ-EEP
gjjetowanda::An NBA comparison for each of the Spurs' younger players: http://bleacherreport.com/articles/1089889-san-antonio-spurs-an-nba-comparison-for-each-of-the-younger-players
daboafadem::The other night, I thought it was funny that Pop put DND - OLD on the scoreboard for Timmy.  Tonight I got a laugh out of reading that Diaw still has his weight listed at 235 pounds.  What is that, the same player card data from like 2006?
Hollerationatory::Seriously? That's great.
polocash::No Jack or Splitter either  we need a healthy Splitter
damon061403::$@%! you phx can't even win at home Nash is washed up
HildeZero::Your mouth needs to be washed up.
joemcleod83::i hope Duncan can keep this up into the playoffs..(knock on wood)
Txboy12345::If he doesn't I blame you. Or Lebron.
Vaquero In The House::lol.....that was a good one Txboy, I'm with you......lol
Raphael Hythloday::San Antonio is not old. Duncan is and Manu I suppose, but who else? Why do people keep saying this?
daboafadem::People like to reach for things that aren't true.  It's a sign of fear.
mespin018::Because they don't know what the hell they are talking.
polocash::I think if Spurs can win it all this year, they will get more respect than any other championship team they have had in past.
Vaquero In The House::You're talking about the San Antonio Spurs, one more championship is not going to make a difference or change people's minds.  If the Spurs do win the championship everyone outside the Spurs family will call it luck.  Look around you, how much talk is there about how good this team really is?  Of how Pop is resting his players in anticipation for the playoffs.  What the new guys bring to the squad?  I could write a book, yet the Spurs beat the defending World Champion Mavericks a few nights ago &amp; ESPN had an article on Lamar Odom crying over being traded.  The Lakers barely beat the Warriors by 3 points last night, yet look who's on the cover of ESPN.  That's the kind of respect the Spurs receive however that's what makes this team &amp; organization so damn special too.  I'm sure you've heard the saying, "Nobody likes a winner" &amp; that's exactly what the San Antonio Spurs are......winners!  Go Spurs Go!
Its all my fault::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eXnuOkAGJlY
TDeezy20::i don think okc will get by the spurs in the wcfs the spurs look better than last year they look more focused &amp; they got more experience
mespin018::And OKC can't play defense.
Txboy12345::They lead in turnovers, well Westbrook does most of that...
Foghorn HookemHorns::Heading home. Good win against a hot team.  They should beat the Kings and have another nice win streak going.  Go Spurs!
Jeff7429::Suns were hot vs. crap  teams mostly....still same old suns.
HildeZero::They were still hot, though.
Txboy12345::cough Cavs cough
argentinafan86::---- Diaw now knows how to beat his former team.... but he has a long way to apply to Spurs' hoop style... Arriba Spurs from PHX, AZ!!!
HildeZero::Leave. Now. Florida awaits.
dakgnosis::Spurs are looking good. Hopefully they can get that 1 seed from OKC
polocash::These OLD Spurs just keep rolling!
polocash::but a lot of opposing fans still think so
anonymous_sports_watcher__::my bad lol
anonymous_sports_watcher__::dude they're not that old anymore
Foghorn HookemHorns::Probably sarcasm. It's the gag.  Spurs are old, slow, boring, etc.
PHXNation::Suns can make a run at Eric Gordon this summer, a lot of  other FAs to consider like Jamal Crawford, CJ Miles, Nic Batum, KG, Kris Humphries, Carl Landry, Camby, Spencer Hawes.
HildeZero::Rumor has it, that Humphries could be targeted by the Suns.
doesericsleep::wtf is up with everyone? 2 weeks ago .500 was awesome. we have enough winnable games to make it to the playoffs
Raphael Hythloday::Huh? About 2 weeks ago the Spurs were winning 11 straight.
PHXNation::haha season is over sir.
doesericsleep::dont give up
doesericsleep::gotta feeling the last game of the season is gonna mean something to us.
Foghorn HookemHorns::Well, had to get some work done after I didn't win the mega millions.  Nice to see the Spurs closed it out. I'm guessing someone took out Shannon Brown?  However it worked out, I'm liking this team. Just need to stay healthy going into the playoffs.
PHXNation::Do you honestly feel Spurs have any chance to win it all this year. ?
mespin018::The only 2 teams in West  that are real Title contenders are the Thunder and Spurs and Spurs are leading this year's series 2-1 and were not at full strength at the time.
Foghorn HookemHorns::Yes.  Parker is playing the best season of his life. Duncan is rejuvenated. Manu continues to come back and the bench and role players are confident because Pop actually coaches players. They've been picking up pieces as well.  Keep in mind the Spurs haven't been healthy all year and have the 4th best record in the league.
Txboy12345::They are better then last year, they finally have some big guy that can play and have a great bench with great up coming youth. Hell yeah!
Raphael Hythloday::The Spurs should be the favorite to win the championship.
anonymous_sports_watcher__::pop is doing a great job of winning while keeping everyone healthy...he has faith in the bench and I'll take a 3rd period fade with a W anyday
nogicat6::orange, you hear collmenter got 3rd spot in the rotation kind of weird if you ask me
33aggies::who gives a $@% about baseball? playoffs are almost here
Orange602::I guess having Cahill pitch 4th could break up potential back to back losses from Saunders and Collmenter (I'm not that confident in either of them this season)
nogicat6::me too haha
Orange602::I look forward to laughing at whatever team gets him
nogicat6::thats what I think will end up happening anyways, someone will need a veteran pitcher to fill in by the deadline always happens, certainly a valuable trade chip
Orange602::I still can't believe they resigned Saunders, seems like that just keeps our good prospects in the minors longer. Hopefully they can trade him.
nogicat6::me too he died off at the end of last year
Orange602::Yeah, I'm really worried that teams are going to figure out Collmenter this season
nogicat6::I do like that but bringing up Bauer would eliminate that. He looks great
Orange602::Yeah, that surprised me. He's been struggling in the Spring...
nogicat6::yup lots of options that the great thing about us right now skys the limit
Orange602::If they don't want to bring Bauer up, then they could bring up Skaggs or Corbin. That would give them another lefty in the rotation.
nogicat6::I would even argue to put him in the pen and bring up Bauer, bold move by Gibby, but I trust him thats a real coach (hmm hmm GENTRY!!)
Sunshine16to80::Spurs player of the game = Alvin Gentry. Down the stretch he really gave the Spurs the edge. Allowing the Spurs to pull ahead b4 realizing his bench had given the Spurs a 12 pt lead. Go Spurs Go.
Jeff7429::amen
Jeff7429::the levels of teams are so clearly defined in this league....Suns are 3rd. level.
nogicat6::Well too many second chance points, gentry doing worse than normal, and ketting Bonner be a factor Tough loss confident against the trainwreck in LAC tommorow, we could win that one.
Orange602::Alvin Gentry vs. Vinny Del Negro....should be a good coaching matchup
Jeff7429::Avery Johnson is jealous
nogicat6::Its gonna be funny thats for sure
Jeff7429::refs got the memo to help Clips go on a run...just fair warning.
-mando-::I will be at the game on April 14th vs the Suns.  GO SPURS GO!!!
ElephantRyan::Wear Orange!
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::Get rid of the franchise phoenix!
ImOldschool1964::Your spew on the Spurs and Rangers just obliterated any chance of legitimacy in your post.  COme back after you get a brain and try again.
TrueTexasFan23::LOL ya coming from a Cowboys fan...what do they know? Everyone knows major sports teams in Texas suck, except for F.C. Dallas of course. Spurs? garbage. Rangers? absolutely horrible (don't they know everyone is laughing at their Spring Training record...idiots).   Dumb Cowboys fans...they all still live in the past with their championships and dynasties.  Lets get outta here and wonder what a championship feels like.
ElephantRyan::this coming from a cowboys fan! ha
Twuan89::From a Suns Fan,  Congrats Good Game Spurs But I Hate It When Suns Lose To The Spurs.
ImOldschool1964::hats off to a classy PHX fan.  Phoenix, take care of this guy, he's an endangered species.
Banner41::I think at that time the Spurs just had the coaches number.  Happens
Twuan89::I can't take losing to this team anymore, I hate losing to the same team. This team ruined our championship chance in 2005 &amp; 2007.
REALGENTLEMAN::UNDERSTANDABLE BUT A GOOD GAME
-mando-::Why?
REALGENTLEMAN::WOW THANK YOU SPURS FOR THE WIN BUT YOU HAD ME WORRIED FOR A WHILE
popsthebest::tthat's more than solid
daboafadem::Spurs 12-2 overr their last 14 road games.  That's solid.
dakgnosis::and one loss was without tony, tim, AND manu
