Jake Sain::josh smith has to go. this dude swears he is lebron. he has missed like his last 100 jumpshots and yet he continues to shoot them like he is on fire
Brendan Smith::nine years in the league and josh smith still thinks he has a jumper, saw this show every night in atlanta and i can't believe he gets paid to do the same thing in detroit
Jake Sain::man i dont know how you put up with it for 9 whole years. he thinks he is like lebron. he coud be a beast in the post but all he wants to do is shoot jumpers
Brent B Jacoby::yea i am starting to sour on smith as a piston fan already.  the coach agrees to as he has been benched only 11 games into his pistons career (good job josh). it is really a shame because he could be such a great player.  he might be flipped for draft picks (might have been the plan all along..not a bad plan actually)
Jake Sain::Brent B Jacoby i sure hope so lol
Reeves Cox::Let's go HAWKS! Beat the Pistons! Keep up the great team play, and this should be another great game!
William Traxler::Is J. Smith coming off bench as punishment?
Ottist Flournoy III::Not sure, but ballsey move by Cheecks to motivate Smith.
Dominick Ibarra::What's up with Josh Smith no points ??
Georgia Boy Tee::Millsap > Josh Smith
Mark Mattson::ya think?
Lance Richardson::J Smooth, looking Rough.
Ben Fridsma::GO PISTONS
Scott Crow::I believe you guys threw a Rod'man tonight..
Lee Jarvis::Smith looking like a bust (for Detroit, anyway), and Jennings shooting .374 from the field and .306 from three.  This season might get ugly for the Pistons.  Smith/Jennings = Gordon/Villanueva version 2.0.  Kinda sad.
Nashon Notyourtypicalsmith::SMH....I just took a look back at who we picked KCP over....he can't continue to shoot this bad can he???? Atleast he plays defense. Everyone else looks lost, no leadership, no direction on offense.
Brent B Jacoby::relax....KCP will be fine. he is right in the mix with the best of this draft class (NOT saying much, but he is not bad by any means)
Mark Mattson::Brent B Jacoby - he isn't fine when you consider who they took him over.
Brent B Jacoby::Mark Mattson who? burke? yea he looks so good with the 1-1000 utah jazz
Mark Mattson::brandon jennings is just a terrible basketball player.  he acts like he is on the playground.  never stays in front of his man and throws up wild shots from all over the floor.  5 second half turnovers....smh
Mark Mattson::the siva pick was almost as bad as the pistons picking milicic.  BURKE WAS THERE!!!  wouldn't have had to trade for jennings and could have kept our best shooter in knight if we would have just drafted burke.
Brent B Jacoby::knight is garbage...stop with that non sense. siva was picked like 55th? what are you on?
Mark Mattson::Brent B Jacoby - knight is a career 37% 3 point shooter and 41% from the field, both better than jennings.  burke in a year will be better all around player than jennings will ever be.  pope sucks and the primary needs for detroit this past offseason was shooting from wings and a PG.  they got worse on their shooting by trading knight for jennings and didn't get a real PG.  FAIL
Brent B Jacoby::Mark Mattson knight was the most inconsistent player ever put on this earth. no 1 wants 37 percent three point shooting from a point guard who commits a ton of turn overs and has ZERO floor vision. dumars has assets in smith and jennings. he is not done dealing (or the pistons will make sure his is) ...some one will go. (either smith, monroe, or jennings)
Eric Bell::Brightside for Jennings was the 14 assists. Aside from that, this kid needs to practice his shooting, because 4-for-16 and 8-for-22 games are not going to cut it.
Mark Mattson::that is what he does for shooting.  career under 40% shooter.  5 turnovers and 5 assists in the second half as well.
Mark Mattson::the pistons main 3 pick-ups this off-season were jennings, kcp, and smith.  they were a combined 8-37 for 17 points, 16 assists, 7 turnovers, and 1-10 from 3.  wtg joe...
Brent B Jacoby::monroe will be traded by the end of the year....book it. andre drummond is the future...surround him with shooters and josh smith as a versatile 4
Mark Mattson::i really like monroe with drummond.  monroe is good from 10 ft from the hoop and drummond is a monster underneath.  that is a very good combo to have.  they need a real PG and a sharp shooter at SG.
Brent B Jacoby::Mark Mattson yea i might take monroe over smith. glad i am not 1 being paid to make the trade. one has to be made though. monroe good from 10 ft though? look at the percentages my friend
Mark Mattson::Brent B Jacoby - im talking all around game.  when he gets the ball on the outside he is good off the dribble and his shot is improving.
Mike Pamfilis::Lol @ detroit fans already wanting Smith gone. I loved watching him here but he also made me tear my hair out. Leave my boy Mr. Chuck A Lot alone
William Traxler::Smith and Jennings are just plain CANCERS!!!! Cheeks looks like my angry old grandpa, he is terrible. Why Dumars...Why?
Mark Mattson::cheeks is a good coach.  he just got dumped on by dumars with yet another terrible off-season.
Timothy J. Casey::A good coach would be able to do more with this roster, at least defensively. No excuse to have the pieces we have up front and be as bad defensively as we've been.
Mark Mattson::Timothy J. Casey - the pistons problems on defense all stem from jennings allowing constant penetration.
Mark Mattson::someone pay me $13.5 million so i can miss wide open shots and run around the floor for 20 minutes a game.  I WANNA BE LIKE JOSH SMITH lol
Joe Van Horn::welcome to our world the last few years.....he wants to be Kobe
Randy Dixon::The pistons are complete garbage...led by the two biggest losers jennings and Smith lol what a complete joke
Andrew Gregory Kragt::Here i thought the Pistons were headed to the playoffs but they are just headed toward the lottery.
Brent B Jacoby::fine with me. get to keep their draft pick for a epic draft class. then they will trade monroe/smith to get more draft picks. BOOM
Andrew Gregory Kragt::Yea but with our luck we'll get #9 and have to send it to Charlotte.  Trade Smith for sure.  Monroe will prob leave anyways so can trade him too.  If Smart is available trade Jennings away too, he can't play a lick of D.  Dre Drummond is the future though.
Mark Mattson::Brent B Jacoby - no one is going to trade a quality pick in this year's draft for smith, and monroe is the second best player on the team right now behind drummond.
Crowdcapper.com::Come over and talk about the game for free at the first ever social capping site.! Look above at name for the website.
Charlie Avallone::Josh Smith scored as many points in 20 minutes as you or I.  Great signing by Dumars...
Scott Crow::On the bright side for Detroit, Josh Smith only missed 1 three pointer.
Cesar Herrera::that's how you do it Stuckey, bad shots, bad fouls, bad turnovers
Brent B Jacoby::i am just happy andre drummond is a piston. imagine no drummond AHH
Clint Radford::Josh smiths 0 for 7 on the court. Smh
