Grindhouse2413::Good bye Cowards  Bwahahahahaha
sources says::GS just found out how underrated the East is. Would be 7th seed.
CHAMPSX6::Can't imagine why we didn't do any trades.  we're not a playoff team.  So why didn't we try to improve?  We couldn't have done any worse than the Bynum trade.  He's soft.  Doesn't have the heart Iverson has.  He always played hurt.
Antiquity001::GS's darling season is starting to slip away.
chazzzzz1965::Big deal we still stink and we're gonna stink for years to come
RugbyDan22::Spencer Hawes has got to be the softest 7 footer ever to play the game....25 minutes, no points.  How do you even do that?  He is a cancer.
antman0789::First of all, gotta laugh at all these Lakers fans on here that think magically because its the playoffs their team will discontinue the season's tradition of playing like the Sacramento Kings.  If your team is lucky, and I mean LUCKY enough to make the post season, the Spurs, OKC, Clips, or Denver would demolish you.  Secondly, to any Sixers fans on here happy about the win, what for?  This team isn't going anywhere as it's currently constructed, we need to re-up in the draft.....more losses, better pick.  Start rooting against them now cuz this team won't make the playoffs.
ShiloInn1985::If you think the Lakers have been playing like the Kings all season, you obviously haven't been watching the Lakers or dissecting them properly.  Something Lakers haters are notoriously known for doing.
NDFRockets18::Why are Lakers fans talking about the 6th seed. You are still 9th under .500, make the playoffs before you gloat about positioning
KobeDynasty::GS isn't going to be in 6th for long.  My bet is that it's GS that gives up their spot to the Lakers.  Houston and Utah have had their stumbles, but I don't think they're going to drop back unless the Lakers put up a huge win streak.
ShiloInn1985::Lakers only need to get to 7th, to avoid OKC or whatever motivated 1st place team is waiting for them and determined not to be embarassed. Let Houston, Utah or Golden State deal with it.
.Batman.::Rockets haven't made it since '09 and the Warriors since '07.  I don't think fans of those teams are in a position to tell Lakers fans what or what not to gloat about. You should probably worry more about your team making the playoffs for the first time in 4 years.
ShiloInn1985::Lakers are gonna make the playoffs dude.   Just deal with it and stop pretending to know something the rest of us don't.
I Dont Always Score 54 But When I Do We Lose::Golden St is going to be on the outside looking in pretty soon if they keep losing. We play them 2 more times and they have one of the toughest remaining schedules. With the Lakers being only 3 1/2 games back, it seems plausible that Golden St could drop behind the Jazz, Rockets, and Lakers before the season is over. That's why people are talking about the Lake Show.
I Dont Always Score 54 But When I Do We Lose::"I personally guarantee that the Lakers will make it into the playoffs this year."  ~Jerry West~
warriorsAREbad::<b>WARRIORS SUCK</b>  Proof up above^^ Check the scoreline
airicad::Jack is either really great or a total bum... for a second I thought he was going to steal the Sixth Man of the Year award away from Jamal Crawford, but his last four games have just been terrible.  Shooting 25% from the floor and averaging only two assists per game.
NASH_10::Come watch us tomorrow at home vs the Hawks. I plan on having a good game and another win as we head to the playoffs :)
hookem5746::Your team is the 9 seed
hookem5746::Where r are the rockets fans??
Bucks_fan_for_real....::Warriors need to get this thing going again.
Sugar Ray Robinson::The Warriors are playing like the Warriors again.
Greygoose crew::Say goodbye to the playoff GS . Your now circling the drain !
Rocinante1322::They are reverting back to what comes natural.  Tank!  Tank!  Tank!
Bucks_fan_for_real....::Damn the Warriors are free falling
Oaktown1029::Turner and Holiday hit some big shots at the end, the Warriors did not. 7 in a row at home should get things going again.
YOURE A TOWEL::So Swaggy P was a DNP and we won. I know Doug Collins isn't a math whiz but I hope he's able to put two and two together.
Bucks_fan_for_real....::Lol South Park.  Nice name.
tysonwynn26::so now the Lakers playoff is at own hand...
Bucks_fan_for_real....::To lose in the 1st round.
RetroLakers::Lakers now just 3.5 back of the Warriors, and the Lakers matchup with them twice before the season ends. GS has a tough remaining schedule. I'm starting to believe GS will be the team who falters between Utah and Houston.  Let the race begin
cmdcw4::great game though
Taco still needs a Q::This is what the Warriors get for saying the East is weak, Its a weaker conference but you just lost 4 in a row to the "weak" east
12.21.12::and the east is weak  (SARCASM)
torrtis::Look at the lottery teams (Bobcats, Magic, Wizards etc)  in the East vs West. The East gets to play them 4 times, which all the teams in the West will beg for. Weak definitely.
Makaveli_Better_Dayz::The East is hella weak.
JairusHawkinns::The East is sill pretty weak.
timetodienow1234567::The Warriors go as Jack goes. When Jack plays well, the warriors win.
Realroca::True, I don't think any team ever want to hear the phrase as Jarrett Jack goes, that's how our team goes.
buckshotz17::That's not a good sign when your squad needs your back up guard to perform in. Order for the team to do well.
legend_jr27::Gs has a 7 gm homestand coming up.
phillyfille::I know we're doomed, but still great to finally get a win
buctrojan92::We're making the playoffs, Lakers are not. Simple as that. Oracle here we come. We will 5 out of next 7.
Justin 1717::the two teams' trends have been night and day as of late, I wouldn't be so confident...
KCRCK::buctrojan92 We're making the playoffs, Lakers are not. Simple as that. Oracle here we come. We will 5 out of next 7. ------ Fixed it:  We're not making the playoffs, Lakers are. Simple as that. Oracle here we come. We will lose 5 out of next 7.
patrice lumumba the leader::who will be that dumb team to give bynum a max contract?
patrice lumumba the leader::1st round- 3rd seed clippers vs 6th seed lakers= lakers win  - Been saying it all year david stern is going to make sure the lakers are going to win this year, just like the nfl decided to make sure to let the ravens win when art moddell died and ray lewis announced hes retiring
Makaveli_Better_Dayz::I doubt it. An L.A. vs Miami finals would have drawn huge ratings last year, but obviously it didn't happen.
patrice lumumba the leader::they had there best ratings last year since the 1998 finals
Makaveli_Better_Dayz::Right ... because the Lakers have made it sooo far into the playoffs these last two years.
patrice lumumba the leader::i just see a storyline behind it, david stern's last year and jerry buss dieing, the lakers will win this year
BayAreaFan40::when curry scores 30+ we lose. that sounds like the problem with kobe and the lakers.
Realroca::no way, its way more pronounced with Curry.  I'd say the Lakers are closer to 50-50when Kobe scored 30.  Curry just had his best week ever, and the Warriors just had the worst week of their season.  And I like Curry.
undervalued_home_dog::undervalued_home_dog 106-96 PHI  betting my testicles on this 5 Hours Ago  Like  Reply  Quote  Flag  Edit  Share  HotdogSalesman2012 why would you bet your testicles on the sixers?? 5 Hours Ago  Like  Reply  Quote  Flag --------------------------------  for the win
zracer47::yay, we won.
phillyman08::Did you guys see how the Sixers started playing quality ball after Collins benched Hawes? Haha he should NEVER play~
GMEN.DYNASTY16::Lakers 3 1/2 back of 6th seed FACT
Jimmy30313::Yeah i know. How sad
LetsGoMavs 2.0::Warriors are pretenders. These new playoff west teams make the west look like crap
BayAreaFan40::how so? at least we have a winning record and not making the playoffs with a losing record like the east has for the past how many yrs
shakk88::Make way for the Lake Show!  Thanks warriors!!!!!
denman47::This ill fated playoff run can be found at www.dubsRtoast
Ball Hog Like Jake Taylor::Curry 20 shots and the team lost AGAIN.
FlyGuys_623::i'll be back on the xat or the celtics articles later. peace
koke003::Later
Chargersfan4life004::peace fly
Ball Hog Like Jake Taylor::ahhh yesss things are going back to normal... LAKERS ARE WINNING AND WARRIORS ARE LOSING.
FlyGuys_623::boston fans are terrible people  JasonTQ9 They play wizards tomorrow actually. I hope wizards crush them and their spirit
koke003::Classless fans
Chargersfan4life004::they arent all bad
Chargersfan4life004::not cool for them to rip puppy fly
Chargersfan4life004::im not
FlyGuys_623::and they get me banned
FlyGuys_623::there are multiples of them who have said bad ish about puppy fly
koke003::Says the Celtics fan
IggyIsClutch::Uk isn't bad when he's not angry
FlyGuys_623::him and bleeding boston are good. the others tho. ehhhh
State Farm Agent Cliff Paul::Alright guys I gotta go get some sleep. Work tomorrow
thelakerfn34::Your brother gonna lose to the lakers in the playoffs
Chargersfan4life004::gn cliff
IggyIsClutch::Cya cliff
IggyIsClutch::Flyers won  Sixers won  Phillies lost Union lost An ok day
FlyGuys_623::howard homered tho
IggyIsClutch::Good sign
thelakerfn34::"I don't always score 50. But when I do. We still lose."  -steph curry
FlyGuys_623::i need Bored God to unban me
IggyIsClutch::I remember him owning 306mets
koke003::Steve
Chargersfan4life004::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sk4Y0488V58
FlyGuys_623::hologram lol
koke003::Haha
Chargersfan4life004::lol that was so funny
FlyGuys_623::attempted to get my avi approved. hopefully it works sometime soon
IggyIsClutch::How did you get banned?
FlyGuys_623::yep
IggyIsClutch::Let me guess was it 306 mets?
FlyGuys_623::dumba.ss new york fans on the flyers board earlier
koke003::Other account got banned forever?
FlyGuys_623::wont show a comment bar at all and didnt say it was suspended, so yeh
koke003::Lame
FlyGuys_623::i believe so
IggyIsClutch::How long does it usually take?
FlyGuys_623::took a couple days the first time i had that avi
IggyIsClutch::Cliff Paul&gt;Chris Paul
State Farm Agent Cliff Paul::Chris was always the better basketball player. But nobody gets you better insurance than CLIFF PAUL!
koke003::Cliff Paul is a real person
Chargersfan4life004::Dogs doesnt believe, what an idiot
State Farm Agent Cliff Paul::Damn right I am!
State Farm Agent Cliff Paul::Yes.
vonsteve6868::Are you a good neighbor?
suchita36::Wow!  Warriors lost to 76ers.
State Farm Agent Cliff Paul::Thanks for telling us. I was wondering who won that game. -_-
Chargersfan4life004::lol cliff
