Joe Brooks::Just never know which Chicago team is going to show up for a game. Some nights champs, some nights chumps.
Mike Day::Def true.
Jeremy Campbell::These comments are dumb, no offense. This is something you tell a child after watching a 12-7 youth basketball game. This team is not and was not going to be champs anytime soon with Miami, Indy, SA, OKC and others around. Even with a healthy Rose and Deng we were not going to win it all. You can come back and argue all you went. Eventually common sense wins out
Mike Day::Jeremy Campbell your comment is idiotic and missed the point. No offense, of course.
Tiffany Devitt::With most of the Eastern Conference trying to tank for draft position, I think Thibs is going to have the Bulls in the 3rd or 4th seed by the end of the season.
Taylor Manes::Ya know it would be funny if parker and Wiggins both stay...lmfao..TANKING failure.
Joe Brooks::3rd or 4th?? My, you are a dreamer Tiffany. lol
Jeremy Campbell::We all hope not and Indy, Miami, NY and BK are not trying to tank. We are 3 games up from being out of the playoffs and only 8 games from being 3rd worst in the EAST. We are nowhere near secure when it comes to the playoffs and Noah, Kirk and MDJ all will be gone by the trade deadline. Lost of time and games to lose even if we are not "trying" to
Scottie Binions::I know Deng WAS the leading scorer this season, but do to his lack of availability for the Bull's in the future, shouldn't it read Boozer, the active scoring leader on the team?
Jeremy Campbell::who cares
Las Vegas IM::Chicago is 0-5 ATS in its last 5 games when playing Washington
Neel Desai::I hope the Chicago Bulls win
Pat Oaklandpark Pickens::bulls nation
Thomas Paul Owens Sr.::When Garrett Temple scores in double digits, you know it's a good night! I'm shocked that Vesely got no minutes...he's been playing great...match-up problems? Come on Randy...we love the guy! On the positive side...nice balanced scoring! Really need to improve on free throws or a lot of close games are going to be lost because of it. I can't believe the Bulls shot worse at the line then we did! Now, beating Miami would just make my week!!
Jeremy Campbell::Thank god we are back to losing. I was getting pissed here. How can you unload your best healthy player and start winning. That is not the goal...... The goal is to TANK, always has been and always will be ever since Rose went down. Anyone who differs with this is a moron. Noah is the next to be traded, Hinrich and Dunleavy wont be on this team post trade deadline either...........We will have 4-5 first round picks in this new MEGA draft. We will leave with one of Parker, Embid, Randle, Smart and  throw in/ later pick like a LaVine
Robert Janousek::Doubt it.  Noah is still in the Bulls long term plans.   The reason Deng was traded was he was a free agent this summer and already refused 10 million a year and the front office learned from Asik walking.   Noah is locked up for a few years so he isn't going anywhere unless they get more value back.  Now Kirk could be on the trading block for the right deal.
John Osaki Jr.::The Washington Wizards may actually make the playoffs! Washington fans, turn-back-the-clock to the 1978 NBA Championship and check out the "great" Wes Unsled and Elvin Hayes in the new book of basketball, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
David Stewart::yeah, okay. the wizards are going to get blown out (without DRose?).... thats why theyre leading by 7 at the end of the 1st. why do people sleep on the wizards? Nene, Wall, Webster, and Beal are as god as anything the currently healthy Bulls have.
Taylor Manes::That's a lie...who's a winning streak?who's the team capable of beating the heat and the pacers without their star pg? Who has the better coach? The bulls But who's winning the game? The wizards lol..that's it..
David Stewart::yeah the Pacers have given us troubles. we dont play well against them. their bigs are too physical. but your winning streak means nothing. the Wiz have 3 or 4 in a row a couple times this year. okay youre coach might be better. whitman doesn't have a great career win percentage, but look at where he's coached. when youre given a lottery pick roster, no coach can take them to the Finals. i was responding to the ignorant comment about expecting the Wizards to lose by 30 tonight. it's not gonna happen. sorry.
Ezra Tross::Its nice as a Wizards fan to know that even though they have a losing record they've still got a place in the playoffs. I just want to get in, I know we wont go anywhere. Hope they can at least stay mediocre lol
Lamont Parham::What's the point of passing 1 or 2 times when your're right under the basket and you can just dunk or lay-up the basketball.  Doing too much got  WSH a bunch of turnovers and points.
Yo Hashuan::Chicago had an off night.  But beating Chicago when they have an off night is the kind of thing the Wizards need to keep doing to gain a bit of respect from NBA fans.
Matt Trosko::Maybe they have these off nights against the Wizards because ya know, the Wizards are a decent team and match up well with Chicago?
Eriko Jim::Wow the Washington Bullets are close to 500 for the first time in 8 years, are they the 5th best team in eastern conference?
Matt Trosko::The Wizards have been at .500 twice this season already and made thh playoffs in the 2008 season with a 43-39 record...not sure where this 8 years thing came from.  Although having it be 5 seasons is pretty unacceptable as well.
Joe Brooks::What ever happened to the Bulls that used to play a little defense? They're going to give up 110 to the Wizards???
Tom Totosz::Getting blown out by Washington? That's unheard of. Washington is one of the worst teams in the league.
Collin Smith::How is washington one of the worst teams in the league?????they should be better if it wasnt for all their injuries earlier in the year.
Taylor Manes::Heat die hard fan why are you trolling on the bulls-wizards game? Your "precious" heat isint playing this team..I forgot you have nothing better to do..BUT HATE...
Taylor Manes::Heat die hard fan last time I checked this "scrub" team blew out your "precious"  heat...too bad  LeBron dickriders can't understand facts because it doesn't comprehend in their minds.
Keith Dennis::Chicago's lottery pick will play more minutes than Rose next season
Taylor Manes::-_-
Daniel Brent Madsen::It's good to see the Wizards finally learning how to close out a game.
Daniel Cuchens::Washington made beating the bulls look easy great win wiz
David Stewart::and the Wizards got blown out by a clearly superior team. or not
Taylor Manes::Everyone knows the bulls are still the better team it's just one of those nights . We have  better coach,better teammates,top five center in the league,derrick rose...but I wish we had your front office..I can tell you that..
David Stewart::why our front office? haha. just curious. i like our team. we're no world beaters but theyre fun to watch. (cept against the Pacers)
Matt Trosko::The Bulls without Rose and Deng aren't as good as the Wizards.
Rocky Rosado::When are they going to call illegal defense on Washington
Jeff Fox::trust me.  the wizards will lose. there the wizards
Samuel Fisher::Are the Bulls still better without Deng?
Chris Justice::Got to like the wizards here tough spot for bulls
Adam Springham::WHY DO YOU SO THAT
Laura Pierce::Tough spot for bulls?..lmfao bulls are a much better team then wizards sre, even without DRose and Deng...bulls win in blowout fashion...110-80..Noah gets that triple double finally..
Eric Jvon Thomas::Laura you obviously don't watch the wizards when they actually play serious
Mike Day::Bulls look like t-r-a-s-h
