Ivanov21::How can Brooklyn be 4th seed in the East? Just how bad does this conference suck?!!
ciorizzo::Damn it must suck having no friends
sportsnu36::Both these teams suck but the one who suck the least won!
Rezo201::When the Nets don't turn the ball over a lot they look like a very different team. Sadly, that happens about once every 10 games.
YinBallaz::Honestly, I'm so confused. We all know hump is a bad player, but he's a serviceable bench player. Why has he been dropped from the rotation? At least he can score
spcoon::it's not even that hump can't score anymore; he looks lost out there. short arms all his 12 footers, drops passes when cutting, can't put back an offensive rebound... it's pretty pathetic. luckily for the nets, he'll be a valuable trade chip next year for a team looking to get under the cap or trade a disgruntled star.
joeman1146::on top of that, they wanna see if Mirza has anything to offer as well.
djny2k12::You get exceptional rebounding from Reggie, Lopez is an all-star, Blatche has got tremendous skill and gives you offense....Humphries looks good on a bad team and Nets should really move him this offseason. I do understand Nets FO treating him as a really valuable trade asset since he has an expiring contract of $12 million next season. That's their only chance of bringing in a legit PF.
rayjayisle::he has shown nothing all year, you can only throw him out there for so long and get zero points before saying enough, blatche has proven to be so much better, eighteen points in twenty minutes
Thedevil25::no he can't.  have you been watching.  he can't do anything anymore.  horrible contract for a bad player who looked good last year on a really bad team
suchita36::Why did Josh Smith have only 12 points?
Bucks_fan_for_real.....::I was at this game.  Visiting family this weekend.  Atlanta for the most part got a bad fan base.  No wonder Joe Iohnson said he don't care if they show up.  Tons of empty seats.  For a while the Hawks were a 50 win team and 2nd round team and fans still never showed up.  Hawks should move.
Boyanime::Wow thanks, I didn't know Atlanta is a town full of bandwagons..Maybe the NBA    should moved them back to Seattle or KC.. I would love for a NBA team to call KC it's home..Know the fans would support it
rayjayisle::that goes for the braves too, atlanta is not a good sports town, its not the only big city that isn't miami falls in that category, they only come out for a winner
zdunn1785::Its because most people of atlanta are from nothern cities if you didn't know. So they are either fans of celtics or knicks. A lot are even band wagoners which includes teams like the heat/okc/lakers/bulls/celtics/knicks. So who could you blame for the lack of basketball fans of the hawks? An just so you know georgia is mainly a football state.
djny2k12::Stat Shocker of the Night: Nets only committed 9 TO!!! Say it ain't so!
monsz:::(
159Yanks::Nets win
Swedegirl010::Game Overrrrrrrrrrrrr
trainhard_247::Hawks suck, how do you loose to these sorry Nets..
spcoon::this is the first year for a team with 11 new players. i'll never compare the nets to the heat again, but on a lesser level to what the heat experienced in year one, the nets need to learn how to play together, get their rotations straight, trust each other in their rotations, etc. a lot of this is chemistry (a real PF would help, too)
djny2k12::Yes those sorry Nets...11 games over .500...yup those nets!
NYChe21::But they're supposed to be better than the Hawks...and they are...soooo
Hmarko90::im a Net fan and i agree they aren't really good. they are the new hawks.
The_JTrain_3000::they aren't very good
djny2k12::Nets have two winnable games coming up in Philly and New Orleans....a chance to create some separation as the 4th seed
Stephen 45::Is Josh Smith that good?
NYChe21::He does everything well.  Not the best at anything, but literally does everything well.  Not a 3 pt shooter though.  The Nets gave him that shot all night.
TreC1983::Is he's not as good as he thinks he is, but he's not nearly as inept as people claim
outlawjoseywhales1981::Any Hawk fan that hasn't given up on that franchise yet is a complete moron.
djny2k12::Nets weathered the French Monsta Johan Petro!!!
thekola::no reason for Josh Smith to be laughing. my bad. brain fart
TreC1983::........................... WHAT
thekola::im having a conversation at the same time im typing.
thekola::Great performance by the Nets tonight. Weren't they down 11-1 to start?
Crimson Street Beatz Productions::no matter always starts 0-0
djny2k12::HUGE win on the road....Nets finally beating good team on the road in a long time.
NoThanks2U_25::Everyone in the east besides the HEAT are trash. There's only 4 games separate both these garbage teams from being the 7th seed. Yeah I know Nets suck.
sportsnu36::You are trash!
djny2k12::Thanks captain obvious!
johnnybasketball693r::marshon&gt;joe
Chester0128::Who would want to pay Josh Smith a max contract !!! only the Hawks can do it because they had paid to Jon Koncak before so they would do that again ....LOL
TreC1983::nobody is going to pay Josh max money.
Swedegirl010::Wow D-Will missed
Crimson Street Beatz Productions::dint want nun to win but guess dats cool dat da nets are since we keep da hawks down even more
djny2k12::PJ is leaving Blatche during the closing mins of 4th qtr....not realizing Lopez is out. Can't blame him either.
suchita36::Andray Blatche:  15 minutes and 4 turnovers.
dipset73::Omg c'mon.i need deron Williams over horford.was up 14-4 now they both have 14.fml cmon Deron!!
dipset73::Wish it was early 2000's again when they'd drop good music together.miss that shiat
dipset73::Now down 15-14 there goes $200....well hopefully tonight nuggets,warriors,suns games go Over
Crimson Street Beatz Productions::yee dipset is ill
djny2k12::Blatche....a very good game all around in a long time...
outlawjoseywhales1981::Hawk fan: "You're never here when we win".  How often does that happen now anyway? The Hawks are unlucky that the east is as bad as it is. Now they will not get a meaningful draft selection. If this team was in the west, they would win 25 games at best.
Swedegirl010::Blatche BEAST
Swedegirl010::GAME OVER, ATL Sucks
outlawjoseywhales1981::Hawks still suck.
Swedegirl010::Hawks will again be a 1st round exit team..
Swedegirl010::Game Over
monsz::Interestingly, if this seeding stays.. the Celtics will be facing the Knicks in the 1st round. I see rape coming lol!
Crimson Street Beatz Productions::for who
djny2k12::Nets need to stop trading baskets....
djny2k12::Blatche: I got game!
thekola::Blatche
Swedegirl010::Whoa I Sense a comeback
Hawaiian Raiders::Nets beat down here on the Hawks floor..
2012KnicksFAN4life::nets doin great keep up the good work
Chester0128::What's wrong with the Nets??? when they are playing good ....they can bear any teams in this league....when they play on the loosing streak....they look just as bad as any worst team in the NBA......just can''t  figure out with this team........
djny2k12::Nets do not have an identity yet....it's okay since this is a team that was put together this year and most of the roster is playing together for the first time.
supremekid912::Well its close to playoff time, so they have to start to play well
The_JTrain_3000::atlanta holy s.hit.
Swedegirl010::Josh Smith probably wishes he was traded lol
supremekid912::LOL at Josh Smith wanting a max contract
monsz::The Hawks need Doc Rivers IMHO. They have a lot of decent players!
Chester0128::how could they fired coach Woods ....He has done a good job with the team
thetrickbob::jay-z is stupid, what does he know about basketball?
Swedegirl010::SHUT UP! STUPID NETS ANNOUNCER!!
Swedegirl010::Stupid Refs, that was a foul
J-SMOOVE38383::Falcons = super bowl contenders Braves = world series contenders Hawks = annual playoff team UGA = 8 yards shy of winning a national title in football  SUCK IT HATERS!!!!!
supremekid912::But they all lose in the first round
chikfilanuggetman::Keyword : ALMOST, so it is not a choke because we didn't lose, does that therefore make the Super Bowl champs chokers also????
supremekid912::J-SMOOVE38383 - they won the game  yea yea,but they blew it against the 49ners
J-SMOOVE38383::they won the game
supremekid912::J-SMOOVE38383 - falcons beat the seahawks  But they almost choked
J-SMOOVE38383::falcons beat the seahawks
nets1fan_::Nets~,~Basnketball
