Oaktown1029::Beidrins playing time is down to 7 MINUTES! the starting center! Trading Ellis is the BEST move the Warriors can make - they must get a big man!!! enough already!!!!!!
Mballa1244::this doesnt change the fact the Raptors are still an awful franchise
rhowe982::Mark Jackson allowed his team to by 17 points in the second half? Great coaching job Mark! Warriors stink again!
winfield47::as usual, the Raptors can only win if they are trailing by a decent amount going into the final half or 2/5s of the game. If the Raptors have a big (10+) lead at any point other than the final minute and a half, they will blow it. Under pressure is when they excel, otherwise they let up.
yograndma821::i missed this game, so  how did we lose today? Another late game collapse???cause it was a ten point lead at halftime when i left. Judging by the comments I assume that MJ lost us another game.
vinvin48::Who is gonna be traded? http://waiverwireblog.com/2012/03/01/nba-players-who-could-be-on-the-move/
yograndma821::2011 through 34 games 13-21  2012 through 34 games 14-20 Will we ever turn the corner or just be mediocre forever??? I'm hoping for the former, but getting less and less optimistic.
johnsmith15york::wow lin was gonna be traded to the raptors. imagine if that happened.... http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
Plargo::piehole. shut it.
yesbuddy15::i found a blog that writes about what the insider rumours is writing about so u don't have to pay. (for example talks about whether warriors got a real shot with dwight) http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
CandySparker::Let's Go DeDe!
Oaktown1029::What happened?
Warriorfan2247::Im sick and tired of no one in this league willing to comment on how bad of a coach jackson has turned out to be. Lets get rid of him and get someone in there that's willing to sit players who are doing poorly and play those young players that we have drafted. We all talk about the warriors possibilty of getting a draft pick next year but with Jackson at the helm all that would happen is that player wasted by a coach who stands there with his hands in his pockets and looks lost. Let's see him actually give young talent a chance and start klay at 3 over d wright who has obviously fell off the face of the planet and still hasn't landed. Maguire starting at 2! what the hell is that about if he is there to pull boards and play d lets see him move to 4 and actually get to play where he should be. The two spot is to key of a scoring position to have someone who makes 3 shots in 3 games. Lee has been the one real highligh for the warriors this year and in multiple games he has been pulled in late game situations where the warriors have had opportunties to win. Jackson's constant errors in personnel and lack of creativity is hurting this team more then their injuries.
yograndma821::Jackson's constant errors in personnel and lack of creativity is hurting this team more then their injuries.  ------------- too true, I don't know what's more annoying his decisions or his outlandish quotes and predictions like "we will go to the playoffs this year..." , "klay thompson will be as good as ray allen", or his most recent where he says that "he likes where we are and the culture truly has changed".  The culture hasn't changed we are just the same old warriors  2011 through 34 games 13-21 2012 through 34 games 14-20
cub12::the dubs mgmt will point to victories vs the bulls clippers and heat as high points of the season, but wins against good teams who consider you an afterthought are overrated. let's see how they'd do against a team that's waiting for them and then assess the team. oh wait! that would require a playoff appearance. forget it.
NBA_refs_are_weak::its not the head coaches fault they are so injured they have 3 starters most people have never heard of. I know its an instinctive thing for fans to want to muster up excuses, but at the end of the day you need talent to win. golden states only 7 footer cant stay on the court, their arguably best player (curry) has been hurt all season, and they flat out dont have alot of good players. look at their roster from this game. David lee, monta ellis, and I guess you could say brandon rush are the only players that are NBA proven. everyone else are pretty much no namers, with a decent rookie in klay, and an incredibly inconsistent player with nate. I like mark jackson but what exactly do u want him to accomplish with this group? you look at him and someone like doug collins in philly, and look at the players they took over, and its not even comparable. hes doing whatever he can with the group he has
Warriorfan2247::OK I would agree with you that the warriors have been playing hurt all year but we should still be above 500. Even in games when we have had very real oppurtunites to win Jackson has made suspect moves. The warriors have led by 1 with less then 90 seconds left in game in 9 games and lost them all. The reason for that is the lack of creativity in play calls and bad personnel moves. Against the blazers we were leading the entire game and sits arguably the best player monaty ellis the entire 4th quarter. He may be an intelligent player but he obviously has not carried it over to coaching. He needs to start off that college level and see if he can improve his coaching style. if you have watched the games and seen when they show late game huddles he isn't the one even drawing up plays he sits there with his hands in pockets and does nothing but say good job guys. He needs to be replaced.
NBA_refs_are_weak::im not a warrior fan and dont watch alot of their games, so your opinion is certainly more credible than mine. I just think we havent really seen the extent of his coaching ability b/c he hasnt been able to coach a consistent, healthy group. I was shocked when he was hired with no prior experience, you're right I think its in his own best interest to start in college and out of the limelight to kind of hone his craft, because at the professional level its kindve unfair to the players and fans for you to be learning at the cost of seasons for them. it'll be interesting to see what they do this offseason
rapshow19::beautiful, golden state blows
Warriorfan2247::Ok the only way the Warriors are going to be good is by getting a head coach in there who is not afraid to actually change up the line-up. We have had stupid personnel out on the court constantly. Nate Robinson is garbage in late game situations and the entire league knows it. He shoots 2-12 and he leaves him in when you have young skilled players on the bench. klay is shooting well give him a chance, but no lets leave out maguire who has made 3 shots in 3 games, darrel wright who has disappeared off the map is still starting. What's wrong with this picture............. Lets see some change starting with a head coach who has a pair.
nigenigel::yea play CHRIS WRIGHT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
winterfresh98::damn....should have kept Lin
ClubAlpha181::damnit
WarriorsWarrior::Worst loss of yr
ClubAlpha181::i concur
Zippppppp::Raps are going to have a solid team in 2-3 years
kobetop5ever::that's got to be one of the worst NBA takes I've ever heard..the raptors will never be good, never be solid, never be anything but an 11th seed in the horrible east hahahahahaha ya dig son?
rapshow19::your a tool
krusty627::no...i don't "dig", son.
Mari-Osman::No.
krusty627::They will if players start coming here to play and stay!
HoosWarriors::75 POINTS!? ARE YOU FUCKKING KIDDING ME?
kobetop5ever::raptors -1  easy pick tonite thank you for that 300$ casino yippeee!!
FriscoWarriors415::Horrible game. That was just bad. Warriors should just throw this season away. Trade monta. Do something!!!
SyracuseOranges::DeMar DeRozan is the real deal. He's the beef and iron, the staple and the graingiver... He's the chairman for the deep fried DaDa movement. That's his address.. That's where he lives.
Plargo::You forgot "completely clueless on defence"
jzalvarado::"Things BE Changing.."
WarriorsWarrior::Haha
WeAreMarquette123::yay
naes666::Curry for Rondo! do eeeet!
naes666::no clearly you are...Curry is damaged goods, the kid is never going to play a full season...get what you can for him now. pay attention you mongoloid.
HoosWarriors::you are an idiot.
Jaredv Tillisch::warriors suck donkey balls
jzalvarado::Joe Lacob, Mark Jackson, Mike Singletary, Hue Jackson.  Guys who talk too much of a game and CANNOT back it up
Jaredv Tillisch::you forgot rex ryan
HoosWarriors::just about to say the same thing
WarriorsWarrior::I can't dispute that!
crimson-knights123::Can the Warriors ever finish a game?
nigenigel::yep with chris wright
mrkennedy23::Let me guess. Mark Jackson's going to thank the Raptors, then going to walk around with his  pants on the ground.
Jaredv Tillisch::you forgot rex ryan
Jaredv Tillisch::ooops wrong reply
WarriorsWarrior::Hand down mark down!
naes666::the tank is on, keep up the good work guys, don't let Jazz get our draft pick!!!
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Keep at the same pace you are at. You are giving us a great draft pick. Go JAZZ! I love our future! We are stacked with big men and just need a point guard. Maybe D-Will will come back? haha
jzalvarado::I guarantee you if Larry Ellison would own the Warriors, there'd be NO talking.  Just plenty of house cleaning and accountability.
naes666::Jackson is a turrible coach, turrible.
jzalvarado::he wouldn't have been enamored with Mark Jackson's gift of gab.  he would have overpaid for Stan Van Gundy and at least set the Warriors down the right path.
Trevor9268::Heres why the Raptors are gonna win http://thatsongssick.blogspot.com/
dogs::cmon Golden State
twincities39::It's over dude.
dogs::nice name
camerontowe23::Nate Robinsons one of the best guys of any teams bench. can you say 6th man of the year award?
HoosWarriors::yeah I have no idea what you are talking about. In Philly Lou Williams is leading his team in scoring, and I bet Nate has a fraction for his assist to turnover ratio.
SyracuseOranges::no but I can give a big LOL to this post
jzalvarado::Wow the moderators are out in full force.  Suggestion.  When we are getting bombarded by Bill_Ontario SPAMMING during baseball season, I'd like to see u guys out in full force
mrkennedy23::Monta Ellis and Nate Robinson for Emeka Okafor and Greivis Vasquez..  I just want to get rid of Nate.
naes666::trade Monta to Orlando for Penny Hardaway
JeffKent4MVP::hand down man down huh mark
jzalvarado::"We're going to build that Bully!"
jzalvarado::"I WANT WINNERS!"
twincities39::Mark Jackson is a terrible coach.  Just god awful.
waldo3777::why is toronto hoisting so many threes wow
jzalvarado::Please Mark Jackson whats so F.ucken hard about keeping a   Ellis Thompson Rush Lee Udoh   on the floor for extended run
Trevor9268::Heres why the Raptors are gonna win http://thatsongssick.blogspot.com/
WeAreMarquette123::come on raptors win some games so the bucks will get a higher pick please
jzalvarado::If I never see Nate Robinson in the lineup ever again.. even if it means going 4 against 5, im perfectly fine with that
twincities39::Nate Robinson is pathetic.
waldo3777::Nate robinson stop shooting the ball this is why the knicks got rid of you good grief
JeffKent4MVP::wtf nate, you're playing playground basketball. Man the pain will never end
s.mccarthy::nate robinson has made so many poor decisions tonight
mrkennedy23::$@%! you nate.
