Arlonte Duran::Kyrie =  0 points 0 assists 0 rebounds 0 steals 0 blocks
Steven Censored::Your f##king stupid kid
Marc Brauer::Love how Kyrie got a couple extra hoops there at the end with the game over just to keep his stats up...even jacked a 3 at the buzzer with everyone already stopped playing. Derrick OWNED him defensively...I don't know if Kyrie scored more than 6 points when Derrick was in the game.
Adrian DiMarcantonio::had nothing to do with derrick rose. have you watching irving this year
Deanthony Patton::Adrian DiMarcantonio yea he cam off a 39 point game...whats your point he was still locked down
Marc Brauer::Adrian DiMarcantonio  Ya, Kyrie is averaging 20, 8 and 5 on 40% shooting...tonight 16 (5 LATE), 4 and 2 on 26% shooting.
Will McCoy::Derrick great on the defensive end tonight
Colton Lively::Coming from a Basketball player,D rose is one of the best in the league just because he had 5 bad games does not mean noting.Remember he just came off a pretty bad injury
Jack Dolley::That he was cleared from I believe in February. And he had a whole off season to improve and then the preseason to improve and he was proclaimed to be back!!!!!! And now it's just excuses.
Colton Lively::Just remember the comeback is coming he wouldn't got MVP if he suck
James Incredible-Jackson::Colton Lively No one says he sucks, just grossly overrated.
Sam Grimaldi::I love all of these Derrick Rose haters when Irving has missed more games in the last 2 years than Rose missed in his first 3 years
George J Banks::to my real bulls fans, rose is moving good tonight,and passing well, it is only a matter of time.
George J Banks::Joe Glass Hater come see us after every win.
Mike Plummer::Rose is moving well and passing well. Just ket me know when he is playing well. His game is total garbage at this point. Even he would admit that.
Colton Lively::0 TO 11PTS  yea total garbage..
Will McCoy::Derrick and Taj harassing Kyrie lol
George J Banks::Lets see how many trolls show up tonight.
Kyle Raymer::joe glass is already here.
Kyle Raymer::LOL, honestly the officiating has become a disgrace here in the 4th.
Steven Anacker::Kyle Rusco Pretty sweet avatar you made there.
Adrian DiMarcantonio::Kyle Rusco bulls are soft always complaining
Marc Brauer::ZERO free throws for Derrick...kid can't get a call.
George J Banks::Joe Glass To bad we cant flag you trolls to get you the f--k out here. FN Bum.
Nathan Nieves::Whoever thinks rose is a scrub must have never seen him get mvp.
Scott Hall::2013 called. They said to come to the present
Roy Harrigan::Rose, as soft as tissue paper.
Sean O'Connell::Rose, tearing through defenses like tissue paper. FIFY.
Colin Uza::Sean O'Connell, he is shooting like 35%. Try again
Bryce Morgan::Sean O'Connell hahahaha we are watching completely different games. If Lebron shot 8-21 people would be murdering him, but Rose doing it makes him the best player on the planet
Lu Kane::Well it only took three years but Kyrie and d rose are finally healthy on the same day.
Sean Hawk::Rose injury is his right hamstring. Before the cut to break on the time out, Rose clearly mouths "my hamstring". Then on the bench they are massaging his right leg.
Everette Golliday::As long as it's not the knee.
Paul Steeno::source?
Adrian DiMarcantonio::refs fault they forgot to call the clear travel
Tony Frenden::Nobody ever said, "I'm going to take a vacation in Chicago" Cavs take this one in a laugher.
Nathan Nieves::easy win bulls.
Justin Balogh::I go to Chicago every summer for vacation...
Kyle Raymer::What are you talking about, when I'm at work I hear all the time people that want to go to Chicago.  I bet you more people wouldn't mind going to Chicago then know what part of Ohio Cleveland is located.
Arlonte Duran::Paul George is better than rose
Will McCoy::alright
David Glickfield IV::We will see rose again in 2016
Colin Uza::Wait, we are going to see Rose again?
George Chip Thayer::Best wishes to the Bulls fans.  Let's go CAvs!
Kyle Raymer::Joe Glass I want to see you not use run on sentences.
Kyle Raymer::Joe Glass Or atleast make a sentence that makes sense.  That has to be the worse comeback I've ever heard.
George Chip Thayer::Bulls about to be Uncke Drewed
Taylor Manes::How haters thinks If bulls win : they're still wack and there not better than the pacers or heat If bulls lose: derrick rose will never be the same Dumb bulls fans  If bulls win : see derrick rose is back If bulls lose: derrick ros is rusty  Just stfu...haters and fans no one knows what he's going through but him...he's going through the rg3 syndrome right now...and for all u people saying Russell Westbrook proved himself...you're right but he didn't tear his acl..two different injuries...son...how about you tear your acl and come back my brother who played highschool basketball tore his acl he was struggling with a ankle injury too...he came back early and was rusty but got better later on..so don't judge anyone...because it takes one to know one...
Taylor Manes::Tf u mean...everything I said was true..
Adam Burner::Rose is never going to be good again.  Face it Bulls fans, ya'll irrelevant once again.  #raceforwiggins
Erica Heard::They are  just one game behind the Heat and Rose is fine! slow your role man
Antony Wood::Lets see what Buckets Bennett puts up tonight, i'm going to say 14. Go Anthony!
Jody George Prats::Rose is such a scrub. He looks like Nash and he's just a youngster.   *overhypedscrub
Will McCoy::good thing there is 75 regular season games left............
Rick Voorhees::Like to see a big game from Neon Dion tonight...........
Troy Kocher::yooo, How's jason? still killing teens?
Jody George Prats::Rose is such a flower
Mark Sumrall Jr.::The Bulls will be fine if they stay healthy. D. Rose slowly acclimating to the team may be one of the best things that ever happened because other players will need to step up. IF they learn to actually play as a team and not everyone watch D. Rose while on the court then they will be a top contender and a threat in the East. If not, then they will be a bust like all of the other Chicago teams, minus the Blackhawks.
