goboston912::yayah
Gilchrest89::Looking forward to seeing the rematch between the Heat and Thunder, in Miami, tonight!  Another big statement game and the Heat have been winning at home but not dominating.  I think this will be an NBA finals preview although the Bulls and Spurs will have something to say about that!
69Lakers2012::Lebrick..!!!!!!!!!!!Fact
bababbaloo::come back to Cleveland Lebron, we have Kyrie, you don't need to worry about the fourth quarter, he'd take care of that. First three quarters are all yours though.
suneeth9::THOMPSON and Gee are better players than anyone the Cavs had when Lebron was there and they will have a lottery pick this year.
JagsFan34528::But Irving is all  that the Cavs have.
fairandbalanced00::Heat will beat the bulls in 5. bulls don't have the firepower to keep up with the Heat. debrick rose will make it easier for Miami.
yardog59::Miami can't hang with the Bulls in a 7 game series, sorry. They have nothing after the 2 1/2 men.
A The Dude Playing the Dude Disguised as Another Dude::FAIL, NOT A BULLS FAN
JeremyAce4::Ronny Turiaf, eh?
Carl8221::Hope wade plays and dunks on perkins nasty like last year !
Carl8221::Lebron is talented and rich,can have any woman he wants even yours , will win a ring before he retires and you haters are a bunch of good for nothing losers!haha . The more you hate the more you fail - keep it up
JeremyAce4::And where does that leave you?  Hanging from his jock.
Browniesandbucks::I'd rather have evan turner on my team than that c o c k s u c k e r lebron
A The Dude Playing the Dude Disguised as Another Dude::^ and you to
Carl8221::If I have this right youre the one on here koksukin Lebron, he has never heard of you!lol
Browniesandbucks::like lebron's teams ever will? shut up dumb a s s
Carl8221::Good , your team probably will never win a ring!
Ballinout4Tigers::ESPN Partners up w/ FanSaloon.com to offer FREE to enter $250 Prize Fantasy Basketball Leagues - Pick Your Free Teams Right Now http://www.fansaloon.com/index.php?s=nba&amp;ref=bp
HOotyHOOty77::How i sign up?
Ballinout4Tigers::Ohyeahhhh
lovesports3409::Alberto...Please stay off the crack. It's the best DECISION.
Alberto1748::lebron is &gt; jordan deal with it. http://herdmycattle.com/lebron-james-is-better-than-michael-jordan/
fairandbalanced00::Well, you can't compare Lebron to Air Jordan yet, when Lebron starts getting his rings "which he will" then the comparisons could start.
Carl8221::Im a heat fan but you are dead wrong , unless your young and didnt get the pleasure of watching MJ roast your favorite team
Alberto1748::agreed.
hapatino::For all the Bulls fans/Heat haters that have come into the Miami/Philly boards (when Miami wins nonetheless lol):  Last 5 games with Rose healthy - Bulls 0 - 5 against Miami. Last single game with Rose out - Bulls 1 - 0 against Miami.  I hope Rose recovers quickly.
42Wolverine21::listen bro drose certainly wont be the reason the bulls lose to the heat
42Wolverine21::2nite really gon decide whether or not the heat r gonna be champs or not, its now or never man!
JagsFan34528::Thats what the playoffs are for.
_misterfurious::Tonight is not going to decide anything whatsoever.
Daichi007::Is wade goin to  play tonight???  Glad turiaf startin
koreyNFL::Game time decision so prob yes.  He stared down perkins for the kick to the face so he better come out fired up
stew561::Remember it's only a statement game if the Heat lose.
fairandbalanced00::debrick rose will be the reason why the Heat will beat chicago in 5 come playoff time: low 30's fg%, bad defender, turnover happy,
yardog59::The Heat can't get past the Bulls.
hapatino::As a Heat fan, I hope Rose is back: 1. No excuses 2. Heat beat them easier with Rose in the lineup.
fairandbalanced00::that's why I think debrick rose will make it worse for the bulls if they face the Heat in the ECF, at least the other pg's distribute and make everyone involve. Miami has rose figured out.
stew561::I actually think the bulls are better balanced without Rose.  The other players basically defer to Rose when he's playing and are less agressive.
Lucia_D1981::I think for some fans, watching the Heat each night must be like the equivalent of a guy getting ready to watching his girlfriend make out with another girl in front of him. You get really pumped up, really excited, you think this will be the week it's finally going to happen, things heat up, it gets good, and then, it's somewhat of a let down when they back off.    Hopefully for Heat fans this playoff season will be different.
jjtulljj::I love to kiss Lebron's a**.  - ESPN
Fifty tyson 2::thats a quote?
cr8zzyboy::The problem with the Heat is that sometimes they lack of effort.
Fifty tyson 2::and winners
fairandbalanced00::Can't wait until the playoffs so bull fans get their reality check when they face the Heat, In the EC the Heat holds the belt not the bulls, last time I checked Miami beat the bulls in 5. In the playoffs the  rotation are shortened, therefore it is all about match ups. Miami has 3guns to chicago's 1. I'll take Miami's guns anytime of the day.
Fifty tyson 2::The heat will lose to OKC but they will pry lose to the bulls first
RKsolid5586::doesn't really matter. Thunder can spank both of em.
WeaponXDawkins05::Problem(s) with the heat is spo sucks, Chalmers and Cole taking a step back since the all star break, not enough james jones, Miller is hurt, Joel can't score 2-3 feet away from the basket. IMO this cause for the heat to go 3 vs 11 in turn cause them problems down the stretch since no one is in a groove.
Fifty tyson 2::And Lebron sucks
hapatino::Very thought out post.
Fifty tyson 2::Petrinos Rib Cage is ___________.
Fifty tyson 2::ESPN needs to stop suspending fifty tyson
Petrinos Rib Cage::I think Tony Parker is more valuable to his team than any other player is to their respective teams.  Parker has taken a team with a declining Tim Duncan and a injured Manu Ginobili and have led them to one of the elite teams in the NBA.  The Spurs have owned the Thunder, every team from California, and the Mavs this year, doing it without a stacked team.  If the MVP award wasn't a American Idol like popularity contest, Parker would definitely be more in the talk.
fifty tyson::Tony Parker sucks hard dick. he shouldnt even be an allstar. He should go to D league with lamar odom
Petrinos Rib Cage::Lol.
WeaponXDawkins05::pllllllllaaaaayyyyyyoooooffffffs! YES!
ScalabrineSwag::Sixers have seriously disappeared since the first game where they blew out the bulls.  People they are only 5 game over 500.
Petrinos Rib Cage::5 games over .500 in the east is worthy of a 4 seed in the playoffs.  That's why the East's elite teams look so good and why they haven't won an NBA finals in years.
hapatino::Heat swept em already this season. Doesn't help their record.
Monsterbucks24::heat have 3 players in the top 25 in scoring this year....THREE....and they still are not anything spectacular.....it takes a team to win it all and the heat are nothing close to being that.....good team and fun to watch but will never win a championship with this roster...GO BULLS!
fairandbalanced00::Yeah, keep thinking like that just like all of you bull fans thought about last year thinking they were going to cruise past the Heat, and what happened?? oh those big 3 the Heat has put your bulls to sleep in 5GAMES....come postseason, your bulls will get pummeled by the Heat AGAIN. same players=same results.
hapatino::Heat beat the Bulls with Rose playing and 4 straight last year playoffs. Your point?
Monsterbucks24::one playoff series you got us ok good job.....talk this year roseless bulls best record in the nba......heat have 3 top 25 scorores shooting over 50% and still cant top the bulls record..........bulls are better all around team/ much better coach and heat have 3 great players..........quit talking last year and go off this year.......bulls just beat you without rose and have best record.........based off that looks like bulls
hapatino::It so happens that I log on at lunchtime or so as I take a break from my job. The Haters in here keep me entertained. This is a topic about the Heat and Philly, yet as a Chicago fan you come in here to HATE, say they have "No chance of winning" LOL. Who is the loser?
hapatino::They feel so threatened by having one more loss. Yet winning 5 of the last 6 against the Bulls is pretty cool. Keep the regular season best record. We know that gets you nowhere and Bulls still have to beat the Heat 4/7. Aint happening.
Monsterbucks24::hapatino i get on here usually once or twice a week and rarely have time to actually talk.......EVERYTIME i get on here you are here.........i feel sorry for you, you need to leave your moms basement finally, get a girl and a job and enjoy life other than being on here
Monsterbucks24::k still better record than you and without rose for half the year......good post makes your heat look even better lol
hapatino::Nice winning streak they have going
Monsterbucks24::they didnt improve by adding any players but the players they have are playing alot better...even when rose plays for the bulls he is not nearly involved in scoring as last year.......the bulls dont need him to either score of assist on just about every play to win this year......their role players have stepped up more this year and help rose out
Monsterbucks24::its always funny how all you guys talk about is last year.........who cares its over neither of us won good job mavs....get over it $@%
hapatino::The Bulls added RIP - who doesn't play. And Rose is now more injured then healthy. The Heat added Battier, Miller (who is also more injured than healthy), Turiaf (nice pickup) - and dont have to play the god awful Mike Bibby!  Heat improved their overall roster. Bulls not really. Playoffs this year should not be any different and the Heat will beat em in 5 games. Again.
WeaponXDawkins05::LOL thats why the heat beat the bulls last season lol Gtfo
Monsterbucks24::the champ lol you havent won crap with your all star team lol
fairandbalanced00::first get to the finals and THEN you can talk about the finals. this era fans can't talk about the finals if you can't even win the East, the Heat is the champ and your team is not.
Monsterbucks24::and lost to the mavs.........look at your logic idiot........heat cant talk champioinship until they win one according to your theory so get out
WeaponXDawkins05::Heat actually got to the finals so Heat and fans can talk championship all they want
Monsterbucks24::ok so heat need to not talk like they are favorites to win the title......until they win a championship they need to not be talking?  really $@%!$@%
WeaponXDawkins05::Bulls and fans have no credibility too talk smack. Bulls gotta prove they can beat the heat in the playoffs before any real tough talk. As of now Heat &gt; Bulls
Monsterbucks24::its not last season....we are talking this year....all you heat fans talk nothing except LAST SEASON...get over it.....you didnt win anthing......quit being nervous about this year and face it
hapatino::Not anything spectacular? One game behind in the loss column and odds on favorite (Vegas) to win the title.
Monsterbucks24::no not 90% but should be dominating the league...........get last year dbag.....did they win the title?  no......nobody cares about second place....tough winning not 1, not 2, not 3 with only a 3 man roster.......they win win a series or two in the playoffs again and win some games in either the eastern conference finals or nba final for sure but as for winning a title with their current guys there is NO CHANCE
hapatino::So unless they had a 90%+ winning percentage, they are garbage? OK  "Never winning a championship". Well, at least in year one they got to the Finals after dismantling the Bulls in the ECF.
Monsterbucks24::odds mean nothing, don't get to into that stuff....and with 3 guys in the top of the scoring list ALL shooting 50 or more percent should be out in front with the best record by 5 games.....struggling on the road and only 3 guys makes it tough to get through the playoffs
superbad555::Does anybody else picture NBA is the worst as a huge fat guy with curly hair and glasses and has probably never seen a naked girl other than Tv and the internet. Dude stays on the Heat board all day hating on Lebron. Either he is the ultimate loser or simply just has a man crush on LBJ and is still mad that he made the "Decision" freaking $@%!!
superbad555::How many times I banged your girl
nba is the worst::FAIL.  Carry on!
fifty tyson::does the 555 stand for how many dudes youve blown?
Petrinos Rib Cage::LeBron is extremely overhyped!  -Tim Tebow
fifty tyson::If Tebow ran for president right now Id vote for him
fifty tyson::is that your cell phone number?
bigworm237415799::This right here, is what's wrong with the world today.
brunick1::Contrary to popular belief I am not sloth from the goonies  - Moszov
fifty tyson::Check out this lebron dunk! Sick nasty!!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHg5SJYRHA0
Lucia_D1981::after LeBron's performance last night, it makes you wonder if sometimes the big three crowd each other out.   Of course, Wade is a great player.  Just something to think about.
kaharevic::nah, sometimes just a bit passive, reminds me of barcalona (soccer) too passive, but manage too win. Lebron Wade and bosh needs to start playing like they were before the big 3. Aggressive.
bigworm237415799::You busy tonight?
Petrinos Rib Cage::Before the finals began last year, I asked LeBron for change for a dollar and he could only give me 3 quarters....
hapatino::That was original. I am amazed.
Ryan65710::wait you cure for boredom is coming on espn and making lame jokes, get laid man
brandonlee561heat22::3 people just died from lack of oxygen from laughing so hard at that joke.
Petrinos Rib Cage::I'm jk man I get bored during these things and I'm trying to pass the time so I can go home.
brandonlee561heat22::(sarcasm), relax.
Petrinos Rib Cage::I hope they were black!  If so I did the world a favor...
kaharevic::the most over used joke, get a new one.
Monsterbucks24::quit hating
Hoopster37746::ESPN Partners up w/ FanSaloon.com to offer FREE to enter $250 Prize Fantasy Basketball Leagues - Pick Your Free Teams Right Now http://www.fansaloon.com/index.php?s=nba&amp;ref=bp
WhatWhat99What::Wow thats pretty amazing site.
nba is the worst::TAG TEAM SPAM FLAGGED
Hoopster37746::Check this out....if you wanna win money.
Petrinos Rib Cage::This season reminds me of years in the past.  Everyone talks about the Heat, Bulls, and Thunder(none of which have proved themselves) while the spurs are winning game after game!  Last year doesn't count by the way!!  Lol
kaharevic::Spurs lost in the first round last year......
nba is the worst::When was the last time a young team won a title?
kaharevic::Yes, but stephen jackson has some mileage on him. Yes ginobili is back which is great news for them. Spurs can get far, but i dont see them going past round 2.
nba is the worst::kaharevic - their the same team as last year, except older, their not goign to get past, memphis, thunder, lakers, or clippers. Those teams have size, spurs dont. and have younger players, and better ones. -=-=-  FALSE.  No Richard Jefferson, now have Stephen Jackson and Danny Green.  Ginobili was hurt last year
kaharevic::That is true, but i think if they get the 1 spot, they have a much better chance. We will have to see though, until the playoffs.
Petrinos Rib Cage::We'll see.  This is the same kind of stuff you heard in 2007 when they won the Finals.  Spurs have been beating OKC, Clippers, Lakers, and Grizz all year long.  They also have experience in the playoffs and finals.
kaharevic::their the same team as last year, except older, their not goign to get past, memphis, thunder, lakers, or clippers. Those teams have size, spurs dont. and have younger players, and better ones.
Petrinos Rib Cage::That's why I said last year doesn't count moron...
bigworm237415799::Lebron was sick last night. Wish he had that much aggressiveness when Wade plays.
Petrinos Rib Cage::He is a great regular season player.
bigworm237415799::Then why are you in here?
nba is the worst::<b>"UNTIL THE FINALS"</b>
bigworm237415799::Did you see his playoff series against Orlando in 2009? Best series I've seen from a player since Shaq in the finals in the early 2000s.
kaharevic::overall*
Petrinos Rib Cage::In the regular season...
kaharevic::He is a great player overral*
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::it helps when they poke out the eye of the guy who was guarding him. lol
nba is the worst::Young is nowhere near the defender Iggy is.
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::so that means that the best player on philly and best defender would not have made a difference? they didn't win by that much and AI would have made an impact on both ends of the court
hapatino::it actually helps when you are the best player in the NBA.
kaharevic::He had 24 points when iggy went out.
venator360::lmao@Skip Baseless
kaharevic::skip is maybe the most ignorant person ever.
Hectorg00769::"Joe Flacco could beat the Heat by himself."  Joe Flacco
jcr54321::I missed the game, how did the Bulls do when they played against the Thunder??  And did Omer Asik get dunked on by a PG?
kaharevic::yes, yes he did, huge poster.
mdtuzo::when lebrons jumper is working, he is absolutely unguardable
nba is the worst::Or, if like last night, the shoulder-in-chest-charge is called a block all game...  Bonus if a teammate knocks out the opponent's starting SF
Monsterbucks24::and if he got the same calls wade/james did he would be there all night
kaharevic::lol rose gets to the line 10+ times. Please.
Monsterbucks24::^your an idiot.....if you cant notice that everytime wade/james dribble anywhere towards the basket they called sent to the free throw line you have no business being here...if rose got those calls he would average 35 a game
kaharevic::i watched 90 % of the game, and those "(BS)" calls werent bs, he was attacking, the defensive player made contact first.
nba is the worst::Did you watch the game?  it was enough contact for lebron to get the (BS) calls...
kaharevic::nba is the worst - kaharevic oh my, here we go again, i guess the refs are giving the heat every game, please, gtfo -=-=-  Not every game - just the ones where they get one-sided officiating (+15 fts with less shots/points in the paint)  Attacking the rim, haveing more points in the paint, all gets you more fts. Aslo the 76ers fould 3 times at the last minute inteouly, for 6 fts, so those don't count. 9+ fts isnt a big margin.
kaharevic::was there enough contact for it to be a charge? no, was the player moving? probably. (Which doesn't matter most of the time, but plays a big role in it) Was the defensive player fouling him first?
nba is the worst::kaharevic oh my, here we go again, i guess the refs are giving the heat every game, please, gtfo -=-=-  Not every game - just the ones where they get one-sided officiating (+15 fts with less shots/points in the paint)
nba is the worst::If it isn't a charge, why do they call it that way for the rest of the league?  Smh
mdtuzo::seriously man. that is not a charge
kaharevic::oh my, here we go again, i guess the refs are giving the heat every game, please, gtfo
nba is the worst::It would be funny (and fitting) if OKC came out wearing Oakleys tonight
ScalabrineSwag::Thunder win in a blowout tonight.
nba is the worst::ScalabrineSwag - Thunder win in a blowout tonight. -=-=-  "May it be so"
kaharevic::Miami is 16-2 at home, blowout no way. It will be a close game, with the Heat winning
hapatino::22-2 at home
SouthFLAnative::says a bulls troll
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::this game will have the lowest ratings of the year for espn because of baseball tonight, and everyone already knows the Thunder got this so why even watch
nba is the worst::Baseball sucks - this game will have above avg ratings for the NBA
kaharevic::no way, maybe 10 years ago, but basketball is so much more popular around the world.
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::baseball is more popular than basketball son.
kaharevic::who watchs baseball anymore? And how do you know the "thunder got this" are you from the future?
kaharevic::Im a heat fan, and never said they already won. Saying you already won, is ignorant and cocky, good sometimes, but when u use it a lot its annoying.
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::I like to sound like a heat fan and just say they already won, in fact they are already in the finals. just like heat fans say. I guess it doesn't work both ways right.
kaharevic::Philly we will see you in the playoffs, round 1.
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::they better all where eye protection if they play the heat in round one.
kaharevic::no they better get into their fetile postions and cry.
