OA::Brooks has proved that he is better than harden and he is the second best PG on the team. Brooks should be backing up Beverley not harden
fred::Bev play 41 minutes today with 1 asisst ?????, some say he's a better defender...is he really ? I just see him run around alot, seems as though opposing point guards are still scoring big time. He brings the ball up the floor for Harden every time, no penetration, no idea on how to keep the dribble or hesitation for passing lanes to develop. Bev is not a point guard, he doesn't have the skill set or instincts to be a 1, and his offense doesn't qualify him to be a 2 guards in the NBA. However, he can be great to bring some energy off the bench to be a pest and rattle opposing offenses.  Can't teach an old dog new tricks, Harden will never be a great defensive guy, he likes to watch the game when he is on defense, others will need to back him up more on defense. But the guy is a superstar on offense on his good days, otherwise he'll hog the ball until the last 3 seconds and flip u a pass and let u be the one to look bad.  Why is Howard playing so much post iso ? he can be a monster on the pick and lob with a good passing point guard such as Lin, Lin did that with Tyson Chadler, Amare and even a no name call Jared Jefferies, If those guys can pick, catch and dunk, why can't Howard ?  Ball movement was key in all of Houston high scoring games, there was no ball movement today.
Supa T::This team seems to have trouble in crunch time. Someone needs to make the big shots when the game is on the line. I think Harden is the man to do that working off of screens to open him up from his defender so he can take it to the hoop or take the shot. They need to hit shots when the game is in the balance. It seems to me to be their weak spot, other than defense but that goes with having the best offense.
wormie::Harden played zero defence and choked the flow again. He's so over-rated just because he can draw fouls and make his stats look good. Howard needs to upgrade his post moves or accept the Pick and Roll plays or he can be easily countered. This team might actually be better using Parsons, Lin, Asik and Jones as the core, Bev as the 6th man and using the max salary of the two star players to get some good players.
William::Harden was hardly missed when he was out three games with foot injury, ball movements were great,can't say the same these last two games,  was it because Rockets are missing Lin and Parsons or, was it because Harden is playing?      SOMEONE TELL ME.
William::Oh ! and how I am looking forward to the great piece of article by Mr. Mike, the Moron on how great this game was, He is always so precise and true with his observations.
William::The Lord works in mysterious ways, perhaps the small injury to Lin, Parsons and Asik are his way to showing the Houston coaching staff and management where the strength and weakness of the team are.
Flydog::The Suns are contenders!
Pablo::M. De Moron, I´m still waiting for your great insight on how great Beverly played while Lin is out with an injury. When Beverly was out with his injury, the Rockets as a team were doing so much better with Lin. I dare you to blame it on Lin for the Rockets lost.
Be+::Losing to Jazz AND suns is kind of pathetic.  Get it together, Rockets.  I don't want to hear about injuries either because Harden & Howard are considered superstars and playing.
