mosesbyu::Free Jimmer.
Markiemormon::After watching Jimmer tumble, fumble, stumble, turn the ball over, get scorched by Anderson, do splits the cheerleaders wouldn't do and still get minutes, I'd say he's as free as any player can possibly get... of course you might see it different....
legendjr_27::Using a bet system called Fadethefakerstars. I've made 2-3k a month profit using the system the past 3 months now. You will find the system on the first page of google by searching for crappy overrated teams. However, if you are a faker fan you will not be able to find this system and you're shi t out of luck!
8723Chris::Using a bet system called sportsbettingstar. ive made 2-3K a month profits using the system the past 3 months now. you will find the system on the first page of google by searching for sports betting systems.
Deamonta Young::This game is a great example of the type of impact player that Cousins would be if he wasn't all over the place emotionally and if he just keep his head on straight.  I wonder if he would be a different guy on a better team with a coach who could help him grow on and off the court
wnsj89::Aaron Gray sucks, your plan was to go into the season with a rookie and and Bargs as our centers, seriously Colangelo? this team is going nowhere until it addresses our weakness at center
19brom::why the $@%! do we always lose to these junksters, its $@%!$@% terrible, cousins rips us apart, were so soft
SacKings..MinnVikingsFan::Raptors suck
Cameron46500::Because the Kings are better than your sorry squad. Plain and simple.
19brom::never going to be good when lowrys got the most points, what the $@%! happened to the game plan where they just pass the ball
jpm70127::Not even a Kings fan, but there's too many talented players on that roster going to waste. Cousins, Evans, Thornton, Thomas, Fredette, Robinson.. all of these are legit offensive threats that are being destroyed by Keith Smart. I really hope this game can turn their season around , as a fan of the game. A coach like Phil or even Avery or one of the Van Gundy's would've had this team near the top of the West just like what Mark Jackson has done with Golden State and he didn't even have any prior coaching experience.
Markiemormon::all bullsh.it
stevestap::Hey raptors fans, I thought this was a easy blowout win for ya? Now we know who the best team is. Season sweep!
19brom::dumbasss
jpm70127::Cousins can be best the Center in the last 2 decades if he gets his attitude together and decides to be dominant like this consistently every game. Extremely talented but an extreme head case
smokeysaj::TRADE NOW
OFWOLFNMAN::NO 1 GR8TER
OFWOLFNMAN::GO BIG BLUE DANCING BEAR
OFWOLFNMAN::20 AND 10 LOL HOW ABOUT 30 AND 20 AND ALMOST 3 TRIPLE DOUBLES IN A ROWE 4 A BIG MAN?
OFWOLFNMAN::WATCH AND SEE U HAVE WOKE A SLEEPING BEAR
OFWOLFNMAN::PLEASE PUT ME ON ESPN THE BIG CUZ CAN TAME ALL THE SUPERMEN IN THE NBA NOT SCARED OF ANY HE GETS PISSED WHEN HE DOESNT GET THE CHANCE AGAINST PINKIES LIKE BLAKE SUPERMAN OR ANYONE ELSE HES BETTER MUCH BETTER THAN THEM WHATCH AND SEE HIM DANCE ALL OVER THEM SACRAMENTO TRADE HIM SO HE CAN BE ON A LUGIT TEAM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
OFWOLFNMAN::THE BEST
OFWOLFNMAN::CALL ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
OFWOLFNMAN::U KEEP IT UP BIG CUZ U R THE MAN!
OFWOLFNMAN::BIG CUZ is the best BIG in the game u keep it up dancing bear WILDCAT i and the BIG BLUE NATION BELIEVE IN YOU !!!!!!!!!!!
I_Heart_Phill_Kessel::ok so ESPN approved 1 pic out of like 5 i tried today
ChargersFan4Life001::im gonna leave this board, gn all gg raps go kings CUZ THE BEAST!
Etherington::The Kings better trade Cuz now while he is hot.
robmoras::cousins is a machine hope he rolls into brooklyn tomorrow and has a big one
calvintheidiot::brooks doesn't even look at fredette ... :/
Markiemormon::It hurts my eyes to look at him fumble and bumble, probably his too.
ChargersFan4Life001::cousins said he has a new mindset, I love it so far. Keep it up big man
gri400::18 assists on 30 made shots, not too bad but not as good as it's been. still playing decent team ball tonight, just nothing was falling
Tommy72931::lost to a motivated cousins and they just didn't hit shots... I'll give em a mulligan on this one but if we don't beat OKC on Sunday we might not be the NBA's best team.
gri400::say it ain't so!  OKC going to get beat down, raps win 167-32
ChargersFan4Life001::another 20+ assist game, love it
TurdBurglar1111::22 pts and the kings lose
TurdBurglar1111::so only reason kings won was cousins going off? wow
gri400::i'm sure no kings fan is complaining
ChargersFan4Life001::yep, but him going off really helped
gri400::brooks was 3-4, IT was 4-6 and they passed really well as well. Kings likely would have won even if cousins didnt go off. they were the better team tonight, plain and simple
ChargersFan4Life001::salmons 20pts, JT played well. not one guy
gri400::wow, lowry had 24 points and double A had 20.  Felt like the only points of the game were when the bench was in, bench outscored the starters tonight as well
gri400::12 minutes for ACY!!!!  that basically doubled his season total there
ignasm::Good nite everybody! I'm out.
ChargersFan4Life001::gn
ignasm::Congrats with the win Kings fans. Good game.   Raps will bounce back some time soon.  Go Raps!
TurdBurglar1111::kings were 1-13 on the road?
ChargersFan4Life001::2-13
ChargersFan4Life001::GG and GL.
arsenal1470::tyreke for gerald wallace?
Tommy72931::Great to see the Primo commercial on TSN.  A reminder of the hope we have post-Pasta-and-Souse
gri400::at least ACY!!!! showed he should get more then the last 2 minutes of the game.  The beard on the court more often is a win for everybody
JoeyDorsey4MVP::9 point loss...respectable I guess.
willwarner12::It was worse than that,The Raptors hit some shots in garbage time to keep it reasonable it was MUCH WORSE
arsenal1470::JT
schuylervillesux::smart molests collies
surasosa::smart wants to shake some hands after a W lol
gri400::GG everybody, don't let the single digit win fool you, kings were in control from basically start to finish
itsatrap123::Way to stay classy gri400! Have a good one!
gri400::you know me man :)  see ya for the jays/yanks games haha
ChargersFan4Life001::GG, but the kings didnt really control the 1st half. the 2nd half yes
gri400::well... maybe just cousins in the first, but like we've all said we didn't have anyone to stop him lol
ChargersFan4Life001::i guess
gri400::they controlled the first quarter (even if the score doesnt really say so), the 2nd quarter was even though
ignasm::true, damn 3rd though... would have been more entertaining a close game...
Tommy72931::lol single digit game... Felt like a blowout against since the end of the 2nd Q.
Markiemormon::Look at jimjim go!
Markiemormon::Quit treating him like a baby, be a demanding fan for a change, just maybe it'll help
surasosa::eventually he's gotta be like this is hopeless
surasosa::been going all you to no avail
arvinramroop::ACY!
zachschub::Boom! Over hits! NBA cappers at wiseguyway are awesome!!!
zachschub::And I agree that tyreke needs to go
Sharkiegiaint63::I don't get why Honeycutt never plays.
itsatrap123::Smart is scared to unleash him on the league. He knows that even LeBron himself would be threatened.
ChargersFan4Life001::road win streak =)
JoeyDorsey4MVP::Only down 12...55 seconds left...you can do it Toronto.
Tommy72931::Well, down 12 with 50secs to go... Have to concede it.  Great job Kings coming in and playing great D and sticking it down the throat of the Raps who have been playing great lately.  Raps had no answer for DMC.
GreenGux::31/20 for D-cuz...wth?
surasosa::jimmer is back... teammates stood still lol
gri400::at least i have cousins and salmons on my fantasy team :)
ChargersFan4Life001::GG Raptors fans, gl the rest of the year. You guys got a lot of young talent(Derozan and Ross to name 2).
gri400::thanks, kinda feel bad that you guys play in the west, you'd be a playoff team in the east for sure but your in tough (to say the least) in the west. great game for you guys though haha
gri400::cant complain about good play right?  you all have a chance, just it would be much higher if you played in the east lol
ChargersFan4Life001::well if they win 4 of 5 the rest of the year, they could make the west playoffs lol. But Im just happy they are playing well, and on the road.
