Road dog Red::Garnett still isn't right and should not play tonight... DJ white better be ready
Road dog Red::I don't know what to make of this mess... fitting the pieces together is going to take longer than i expected...
heom0811::Lamarcus Aldridge has a smooth jumper.
big2dunny::Celtics win 7 in a row when Rondo went down and fools over reacted and said the team is better without him. Ignoring the soft schedule during that time full with home games and some really bad teams. That streak was fools gold. Since then they have lost 4 of the last 6. And were a lucky play away from losing to the Bulls which would of dropped them to 5 loses in the last 6. The longer the season goes on the more the team is exposed because of their injuries (Rondo, Sully).
Boston33Jon::Their "soft schedule" has included wins over 4 of the top 8 teams in the league (Miami, LA Clippers, @Chicago, Denver), as well as 5 wins against non-playoff teams (Sacramento, Orlando, @ Toronto, LA, @Phoenix) that were wire to wire blowouts (20 point leads in the 2nd, 3rd and 4th quarters or all but Toronto).  Since the AS break, they lost by 7 to Denver, picked up a schedule loss in LA, pounded Phoenix and let this one slip away last night.  This team was below .500 when Rondo got hurt, and it wasn't because of their schedule.  If you don't think they have been playing better since he got hurt, you aren't paying attention.
brownbear541::they are not better without him. thats ridiculous. that's like saying the clippers are better without chris paul lol. no they aren't.
ThatsGoodSoup7963::I always felt that the Rondo injury was more of a source of inspiration for the team, not an indication that they were "better" without him. There's no question the Celtics are going to miss Rondo, especially come playoff time. He's one of the best PGs in the game (YES, he is) and he's a total freak in the postseason. Boston has been pretty solid without him, but they are by no means the same team.
Pete Carroll likes to Dance::the post-rondo lucky streak is ending..
nba is the worst::What a shame to waste the 1st good game from pierce in awhile...  Tonight's game will be tougher still - not much chance of getting a win over the jazz
heom0811::and watch the game not just the box score.
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Believe in the Green! I love those games from Pierce, it's too bad it wasn't enough.   Have you noticed that LA has started to squeak by in the close games ever since Kobe's "guarantee?"
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Hahahahaha.   If the Lakers win at Denver in a close game, then something is up. I'd need to examine the FT differential for that one.
nba is the worst::That ends tonight in Denver, unless lakers' 6th man Joey Crawford comes through big time ;)
dmarz7588::The Celtics are the only team who can bring in past SCORING guys  &amp; make them look bad. Doc Rivers stinks &amp; his offensive system is garbage. We have tons of talent even with the injuries &amp; we only look good at times on the defensive end. Doc is the only coach I know that could get Michael Jordan in his prime put on  the Celtics &amp; make him look AVERAGE in his crappy system. The shake-up needs to start at the head coaching position 1st. I don't know why people say he's such a GREAT coach because I have seen the same crap for a while now &amp; I am sick of it. I have been a Celtic fan ever since I was a kid.
_I Am A Celtic_::You probably liked Rick Pitino
ThatsGoodSoup7963::I like Ricky Rubio.
GeorgeTownDC29::How you like Crawford now Celtics? Wizards 2-0 since Celtics 1-1
brooksvillerebel::WOW two games. Guess we should just crown the Wiz's champs now.
ThatsGoodSoup7963::He's ok. I still don't understand why we didn't acquire a big.
CrimsonEyedDeath::I can tell you easily.  Because the Celtics management knows they're not beating the Heat, Knicks, Pacers, or any quality teams in the playoffs.  Enjoy your first round exit.
rondo2KG::I will add that those RIPCITY jerseys were so sick.
_I Am A Celtic_::I agree
rondo2KG::Wesley Mathews drained 3's every time we went on a run.  He is on fire nothing you can do about it.
Road dog Red::Celts couldn't get over the hump... Terry had a bad game.. TWill and Crawford didn't produce.. but worse of all.. They couldn't get any stops... Bass blew snots on the defensive end
Lebroncouldcareless::YOU SHOULD BE USE TO THIS BY NOW BUBBA!
_I Am A Celtic_::I like it more when we win  Props to the Blazers
Road dog Red::Portland couldn't MISS a phreaking shot last nite.... YeeeeeUCK
LetsPlayScRyB::Boston Blows  except for the Redsox :)
Whitty787::Braves - 14 straight division titles from '91-'05...Colts - Super Bowl Champs 2006, and consistently good when you don't include 2011...Heat - NBA Finals Champs 2006 and were decent between then and acquiring LeBron...Penguins - Acquired Malkin and Crosby in 2006 and were destined to be good after that, winning Stanley Cup in 2008...So basically every one of these teams has been considered good at some point between the years of '05 and '07...So unless you had an awesome '05 - '08 and your teams just happened to be good, you probably were a bandwagon fan and just stuck with those teams since.
rooney608227::man shut the heck up with your bandwagon self... are you kidding me? a heat eagles redsox and dodger fan?
CrimsonEyedDeath::Folks like the teams they like.  Not everyone's chained to liking the team from the area they grew up in.  Braves-Colts-Heat-Penguins, find the logic there?
InvictusBuffs::My brain exploded from the lack of sense.
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Argh, I thought the Celtics were going to come away with this one. DAMN. Good game, Portland, you guys are cool. Go CELTICS.
jeremy8769::Williams and Crawford get limited minutes, the Celtics lose. This isn't a coincidence.
YoHongWhatUp::Seems like the Sleestacks have hit the skids.
brownbear541::yes!!! great win. way to get off the slide too. wes coming up big again. huge game from him tonight. i guess fitting he got the final say if you will on that step back after the great first half he had. he's the heart and soul of this team. period. aldridge might be the star and dame the up and comer, but wes is the heart and the leader of this squad. no doubt about it. gotta feel good after friday night's game. good stuff blazers.
Ace_Vinterra::Nice win Blazers!!!! Y'all needed this one
BoxingFanatic_444::The Raptors are a better team than the Celtics. We started 4-19 because we had Bargnani starting and no Rudy Gay. Bargs got injured and is now relegated to minimal minutes on the bench. And Rudy has added a scoring threat. We are now a better team than the Celtics. Hopefully we will continue our current play and claim the 7th spot from the Celtics, because we deserve it more than them.    GO RAPS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ryanbard123::Just like "new money" syndrome leads to buying in excess... "new fan" syndrome leads rediculous statements like these.  I'm sure boxing_fanatic has no less than 10 raptors hats, 9 signed Carter jerseys and a couple from TMac.  Oh the rich history'!
Syrindge::Toronto is 6 back in the loss column with less than 1/3 of the season to play; they aren't making the playoffs.
Celticsarethebomb1::Yah right
Celticsarethebomb1::Yah, we beat u two times, once without gay, and even when he was there we beat them
BoxingFanatic_444::Gay is starting to mesh. Andrea Bargnani getting less and less minutes. We are a better team than you now. Can't wait to beat you guys twice more to end the season. And can't wait to pass you in the standings.
Realityissreality::The big 2 smell like a big 2
Celticsarethebomb1::I smell another bandwagon fan
LetsPlayScRyB::Celtics are garbagggiiiiooooooooo
Realityissreality::Hey Celtic losers. Pick your poison. Either get swept by heat or lose in 5 to Indy
ShiloInn1985::Not entirely fair.  Fresh off a loss to the Lakers they were primed for failure.  Portland is very tough at home in any year. And the Celtics haven't exactly beaten the whole of the Western Conference, in a long while.  I'm talking almost 3 decades, here.
OmniVersal::Yu Mo Gui Gwai Fie Di Jow!
ravenswonsuckas::who are some hot pornstars
BoxingFanatic_444::Hey Celtics, WE ARE COMING FOR YOU!!!!  GO RAPS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Kobelies247::Remember when Wes came to the Blazers? He was suppose to be a bench player! HAHAHA!!!  And he still needs to be....
ryanbard123::He's been a warrior, a role model- never complains when hurt, works hard every night, puts up good numbers, hounds the ball on d.  Yeah, sit him.  What an idiot.  The only reason he would sit (not injured) is if Maynor finds a way of gelling with the starters and Stotts needs him as a spark plug off the bench.  Even then, you need him to lock up hot 2s and 3s on the other team... "starters."
brownbear541::he's a starter bro. no bench for him. like i said above, he's the leader and heart of this team. no doubt about that. you can't play him off the bench. how he plays and the leadership he provides he has to be a starter. bench played decent tonight.
ClydeTheGlide_22::He seems fine as a starter to me... What, are you suggesting that claver or barton should be starting or something?
pdxdgh2012::No, he's a starter all the way
Ill-Blaze::why? kid is playing just as good as any other starting sg out there
Kobelies247::Only cause the rest of our team sucks.
OmniVersal::Yu Mo Gui Gwai Fie Di Jow!
2524thomas::Fresh and rested youngsters await the aged Celtics 2morrow in Utah...it could probably will get ugly..
Ill-Blaze::yea kg and pierce have ran there course as being there big 2
2524thomas::Well at 29-28 they haven't been anything but what there record says they are, and that's mediocre.
Ill-Blaze::yea utahs pretty solid and the celtics haven't been great against the west this year
Tim McGee 1991::Why am I the ONLY Blazers fan who hates the Celtics?
ryanbard123::Also- you hear Mike and Mike on TV and Wheels on the Radio.  Half the time they all sound like they wouldn't mind firing a blowtorch in Garnett's direction.  Right?
ryanbard123::How can you say that? I f'ing loathe the Celtics.  KG is a punk.  Every time I'm at the RG for a Boston game I have to seriously resist laying out bandwagoning Celts fans.  I hate the Lakers more, but KG has no redeeming quality as a fan of the game.  Kobe at least has a wow factor... you always sense you're witnessing greatness.  KG plays dirty ball, talks crap, $@%!$@% and moans every non-call or call on him... gets a pass from the refs, and then goes back out and plays dirty again.  Then he taunts fans.  Really classy.  What an a$$!  I have plenty to say about the rest of them too, but im on my phone.  Also, I'm Irish... and that team is a disgrace to all that sacred to me.  There- do you feel better?  PS- I went a "tad" overboard to prove my point.  I've sat next to some great Boston fans and I love the city and it's people.  I really have hated the team since the day I was born though ('75).
Ill-Blaze::personally I don't like any large market team lol
Ill-Blaze::Tim McGee 1991 - I hate the Lakers (but respect Tom Rambis and Pau Gasol).  But the Knicks haven't really killed the Blazers inordinately.  Even the Bulls before the 90s weren't killing the Blazers.  But the Celtics man.  yea I'm a die hard laker hater it's a portland thing though to hate on the lakers lol
Tim McGee 1991::I hate the Lakers (but respect Tom Rambis and Pau Gasol).  But the Knicks haven't really killed the Blazers inordinately.  Even the Bulls before the 90s weren't killing the Blazers.  But the Celtics man.
Tim McGee 1991::Hey Roll 15!  I'm a Seatle born Sonics AND Blazers fan!  I HATE BOSTON, because they're CHAMPIONSHIP HOGS!!  I'm 40 in 2013.  When I was 10, I got into a picnic scuffle with a guy named Mazie, who was from Boston.  So I HATED Boston!  Then I saw a guy named Larry Bird hit jumpers aganst my Sonics.  Then I looked in teh Pro Basketball Handbook, and saw BOSTON BOSTON BOSTON BOSTON 8 times for NBA champs.  I HATE Championship hogs!! Also, Boston has a winning record IN Portland, which is why I HATE Boston!!!! You can put "five kids from teh swimming pool" in Celtics gear, and they'd STILL be championship-caliber.  But, my Blazers NEVER get those breaks (like Boston, Lakers, Phoenix and Utah do)
thejunesuntanked::Didn't they make a movie about you a few years back starring Steve Carrell?
Psylosin::You're telling me 40 year olds actually type this way? Dear lord...
BSR.1985::jason terry has sucked passes on open shoots.
Ill-Blaze::isn't he aging as well?
salesh::Green was the man starting. He goes back to the bench as a bit part player and his performance drops.. This kid is the future of the club.
beebopbaloop::This kid is the future trade bait.   LORDJESUSPLEASEMAKEITHAPPEN.
Psylosin::Why does Jeff Green need to start? He can still get minutes and still play during clutch moments. If you take Green off the bench then who are you depending on for points when Pierce and KG sit down?
brownbear541::green is a nice player. i like him a lot. glad to see him playing and playing pretty well it seems after the heart condition and i believe surgery. good to see
beebopbaloop::What Jeff Green needs to do is to give up half his salary because he's only trying half the time.
thejunesuntanked::Because Brandon Bass shouldn't even be in the NBA.
suchita78::Celtics will win more games if they make Jeff Green a starter and give him continuity, rhythm and have confidence in him.
beebopbaloop::Look, Green had one good game against the Suns as a starter.  If he can't even shoot consistently despite all the minutes he gets, how the hell can Doc give him a starting spot?
Maurice7881::J Green needs to be a starter to be effective and he should be allowed to start. Rest kg till the playoffs maybe he can grab a rebound and make a shot
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Ouch.
BSR.1985::the celtics big 3 missed out winning at least 3 championships, with kevin garnett going down on his second years with boston, perk getting hurt agaisnt the lakers in the finals and we blew a 10 point lead game seven. it sucks this team is always losing a major part of the team every year they been together since the first year.
2524thomas::blah...blah...blah....
Roll to 15::Move on!!!
Roll to 15::if the Celtics are so bad Blazers fans why'd you lose to us?? earlier in the season?
Ill-Blaze::an without rondo you guys don't have alot of ball movement just think you guys need to go younger and build around him instead of around pierce and kg
Roll to 15::So?
Ill-Blaze::cause rondo is the man
Roll to 15::Boston's fine they will get back on track, its one game + it was a back to back.
thejunesuntanked::A back to back implies they played on Saturday, which they did not.
Roll to 15::can't the Blazers be classy I mean come on Celebrating with confetti you guys didn't win the Title act like you've been there before
brownbear541::lol they do it every game. lots of teams do it. whatever tho. sore loser
jtopperz::Every win is celebrated with confetti I'm pretty sure nothing agaisnt the celtics I think
Roll to 15::oh Right.
Kobelies247::Hey any win these days is a big thing around this pathetic town...
ClydeTheGlide_22::^ he's worse than roy mullins, by far
kdoggizzle::Did you by any chance used to be roymullins?
BSR.1985::its the same thing as last year, ppl were pissed we didnt trade for the future we didnt play well all season and then during the playoffs things changed. im not saying thats what is going to happen this year( we lost our best player rondo) but who knows maybe jason terry shows up during the playoffs.
Roll to 15::a win is a win.
Maurice7881::they couldn't put miami away yet they were up 2. That was a loss if you ask me.
trevorcabo::RONDO WAS IN THE LINEUP LAST SEASON.. AS SOON AS HE WENT DOWN THE SEASON ENDED
Maurice7881::These are the games good teams win early and let the bench get more playing time. Not he celtics though. They play like if it was a playoff game and the bench gets no playing time
trevorcabo::WHAT BENCH?
BSR.1985::portland came in with a 7 game losing streak they needed this one
vancity8535::im out of here good nite everyone, @blazerbanter on twitter shutt the $@% up, no1 cares what u think or say
ClydeTheGlide_22::And I'm sure the entire world cares about what a lone ESPN.com conversation board commenter like you says....
Roll to 15::the Blazers one they Won this game No Refs winning it for them the blazers did.
Ill-Blaze::yea the day the refs win a game for us is the day stern blows his head off lol
kdoggizzle::Geez, Boston fans take their losses hard. When they lose, fans are like "The refs won the game for the opposing team and we need to trade are entire roster and get a new coach and GM". Relax, it's ONE GAME.
Pdiddly15::I agree too.  When I hear someone on t.v. talking about the refs as if they are a great crew or the best in the NBA or  college, I think to myself, "what does that mean?" I don't understand how they would rate an officiating crew, when you factor in the entire element of a basketball game.
kdoggizzle::Only time I actually agree when fans blame the refs is when a team is playing either LA or Miami lol
BeantownBomber718::lol Yeah I agree fully. Miami is probably the worst. Even when I watch a Heat game just to watch basketball, I find myself nit picking travel calls, fouls, etc.. by Miami that don't get called. I pretty much rewind a LeBron travel and play it in slow motion and laugh at how the refs didn't call it.
BeantownBomber718::I've been classy about the loss but to be honest, every fan blames refs. Blazers fans blamed refs when they lost to L.A. a couple nights ago....But Blazers fans were in the right for blaming the refs.
brownbear541::yeah bad example with the blazers/lakers game from friday lol. that was horrible.
BeantownBomber718::Ill-Blaze - yea don't usually blame refs for losses but kobe blatently knocked lillard in the back of the head in front of the ref and there was no call   Yeah I was in awe at how the refs were making sure Kobe's bold prediction would come true. Too many no calls in L.A.'s favor for anyone with common sense to think officials are crooked.
Ill-Blaze::yea don't usually blame refs for losses but kobe blatently knocked lillard in the back of the head in front of the ref and there was no call
Roll to 15::Nice shot tho by Wesley.
Maurice7881::When was the last time the truth took over a game? He has sucked at the end of every game.
Roll to 15::a few games ago.
Psylosin::No Trevor, question wasn't "Whens the last time you got laid."..Sorry.
Celticsarethebomb1::Lol
trevorcabo::2008
BSR.1985::denver clutch 3 pointers
Roll to 15::great game by the Trail Blazers they played great tough loss for us Boston move on it was a tough loss I know, we want that  that one back Blazers my hat is off to Ya'll but next game vs the jazz I hope Boston will win.
BeantownBomber718::The Curse of the Ray-bino
trevorcabo::NEW ORLEANS WILL WIN A TITLE BEFORE BOSTON WINS ANOTHER ONE
BeantownBomber718::This is a long shot but it is possible. Anything can happen within the next decade.
westcoast8691::That's a strech, but who knows maybe Utah will give them their dam name back one of these days...Pelicans no...
BSR.1985::look im not saying we can win the title this year but i do believe if we can get up to the 5 seed and not facing the heat till the finals and hopefully the knicks finish second, we would have a slim chance.
