1laker805::how the $@%! is this memphis team supposed to give lakers a hard time in the playoffs mother $@%!$@% cant even handle this wack $@% spurs team on the second half of the spurs back to back
TideCardsTitansGrizzPreds24seven::Haha exactly ^... Besides we rnt worried about lakers. They got no bench.. Grizz will jus pound Em like they did a few wks ago
balltillifall_88::we had just played 9 games in 12 days... not makin excuses, just sayin. everybody is playin alot.
WeAreTheMIB::Good win last night, guys.  Duncan looked fresh and ready to rumble.  GO SPURS GO!!!!!
TideCardsTitansGrizzPreds24seven::As a fellow Grizz fan we need to stop with the whole "ZBo 100%" thing.. We know what he's capable of as does the rest of the league.. We r beating a dead horse with that issue.. If of some of y'all are waiting for us to return to the team we were last yr then ull be waiting for along time.. Cuz the Grizz style has changed.. Last yr they needed ZBo to be huge.. They were a poor perimeter team.. That's not the case this yr.. We don't have to live &amp; die by the front court.. We have a perimeter game this yr.. So even if/when ZBo gets back to 100% just be ready expect to continue to get what we r getting out of him now.. We don't need him or any player to drop 20 a night.. Everybody is contributing.. All we need is what he's doin now 15+ pts &amp; possibly boards a night.. Play good defense &amp; continue to be a good post passer.. And occasionally in the clutch (but that's Rudy's role) jus sayin.. I jus think some of u think he's gonna be mr 30/20 like he was in the postseason last yr.. We don't need him to be that this yr.. The team knows &amp; he knows it.. We just need him to grind like the rest of them that's all
TideCardsTitansGrizzPreds24seven::U misinterpreted what I was saying.. I wasn't saying ZBo won't be 100% or hell never be able to avg what he was avging.. I just said we don't need him to avg those numbers this yr.. Like we did last yr.. Becuz A) we have a perimeter game &amp; B) Rudy's back.. I was sayin I highly doubt ZBo will shoot the ball more than he is now.. Him &amp; Rudy both understand that this is a solid all around team &amp; that they don't have to jack up 25+ shots a gm.. But at the same time they'll be there along with OJ &amp; Marc when the team needs a basket.. Whether ZBo is at 100% or not I don't think anything is gonna change.. He'll probably jus cash in more on the touches he gets which I don't expect to drastically go up unless needed.. And right now the way they've been playin they won't need it much.. But it will be nice to know Grizz will have that asset when things aren't goin right
balltillifall_88::thats true. i expect him to still average about 20 though. cause lately he has been missing alot of shots at the rim and alot of jump shots he usually hits. his rebounds have been about on average though in less minutes. hes movin well, he just doesnt seem to have a rhythm.
balltillifall_88::i think we can win with the z-bo we have now, but him being 100% would help more than you think in my opinion. the ability to drop it down low and get an easy high percentage basket is what we needed last night. and yes, our perimeter game is much better this year. and we have also shot 3's alot better. but our perimeter play is not consistent enough to act like we dont need a healthy z-bo. him and marc playing together is what made us the team we are. we can win without him being 100%, but him being 100% will drastically help our chances. his activity and movement that he has now is just fine, his shot just isnt falling. and when his shot isnt falling they can sag in the lane more. honestly, i can see us going to the WCF with the z-bo we have now. but i could also see us winning the championship with z-bo being back to himself. and thats the truth. he's averaged 20 and 10 ever since he has been in memphis, i dont know why you think he wont get back to that.
balltillifall_88::hey, i got a question for my fellow grizz fans here. if z-bo gets back into form, which he is close to doing other than his shot not falling, do you see him still coming off the bench or getting the starts in the playoffs? the obvious answer would be z-bo would get the starts. but chemistry is HUGE with this team and drastically changing the rotations right at playoff time might not be the best idea. but as of late, i think speights could still play as well off the bench as he does now. because he would be backing up z-bo and marc gasol at times, probably getting 15-20 minutes. if z-bo doesnt start, i still expect him to get 30 minutes and be on the floor late in games. just wondering what everybody else's opinion is on what coach hollins would/should do?
I3UTTON::Grizz will be fine, they had chances to win that game last night. And if Tony Allen woulda played I think that woulda made the difference for the Grizz
balltillifall_88::i hope so. he will give us a great boost. he is one of those players that would play 100 games a season if he could. he NEVER wants to come out of the game lol. he would probably play all 48 minutes if possible. plus, i have missed seein him wavin his towel and cheerin on the bench lol.
I3UTTON::Ya I think I heard he's supposed to be back SAT
balltillifall_88::i agree, we need allen back bad. we have done good without him, but his energy and effort is not replaceable. i think he would have made a difference last night too. because when allen is in the game our bigs dont have to help as much. and plus, he is our defensive leader and he IS our grit and grind. i have a pic saved that he had on twitter (until he took it down) of his lip busted open. it was pretty bad, no wonder he missed time. but he has his stitches out so hopefully he will be back next game.
TideCardsTitansGrizzPreds24seven::See that's what al these idiots &amp; Grizz haters have said all yr.. "Grizz r a fluke.. Rudy &amp; ZBo won't work".. All I got to say is hmm just look at they've done the past month.. By far one of the hottest teams goin right now.. I do think ZBo should start come playoff time.. There won't b a chemistry issue cuz if there was it would've already surfaced
balltillifall_88::so true. z-bo and rudy will play great together for years to come. because they are both unselfish and both want to win. and plus, rudy takes the lowest amount of shot attempts in the nba for a team leader in shot attempts. its not like he shoots 25 times a night. he just shoots about 16 times a night. and thats a good point about the chemistry thing, how it would have already surfaced. the person im worried about though is mo speights. he plays better the more minutes he plays. and i just hope he can keep it up once his minutes go down and if z-bo starts starting. i CANT WAIT until next season. a training camp with rudy and z-bo both healthy, and more time to practice for this young team.
NOVABuffalo::While I a Spurs fan I saw a Grizz profile on ESPN a week or two ago.  The strange thing I recall is Grizz record with Randolph included was not as good as without him --- really not what one would expect from watching games.
balltillifall_88::yea but thats because hes not quite 100% in form yet. in the last couple of games, he has been very active and mobile, his shot just isnt falling. like he isnt in rythm or something. he missed like 36 games this season. so to transition him back into the team has to be hard. especially when hes not completely ready yet. but when z-bo is 100%, he is the most important and best player on our team. he averaged 20 and 12 his past 2 seasons. and was first or second each year in the league (with memphis) in offensive rebounding. but what sucks, because of rudys injury at the end of last year, rudy and z-bo didnt play together for a year and a half. until z-bo came back. so our true potential hasnt even been reached yet.
pistonfanstill::Celtics, Mavericks and Spurs flying under the Bandwagoneers, Frontrunner and Groupie Radar.
Raidersyeahthatsright::That's where the Mav's belong.
balltillifall_88::dont forget the grizz. the epitome of under the radar. charles barkley still gives us credit as usual, but thats about it.
damn334::tim duncan talking after the win about catching the tunder and getting home court in the west http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BZlkDAVusjA&amp;feature=channel&amp;list=UL
balltillifall_88::well i gotta hand it to you spurs, i really thought the grizz could pull this one out. i knew the spurs would be hungry after losing to the lakers with no kobe, but i really thought we would grit and grind for the win. we missed alot of open shots, but we had our chances. much props to the spurs for being very respectful on the court last night. the clippers and warriors could learn something from you. we REALLY could have used tony allen last night, that way our bigs didnt have to help as much. but oh well, what can ya do. and i think z-bo will be back to normal form within a week. his activity and movement is starting to look like the old z-bo, his shots just arent falling. once his shots start falling i think he will be back in the starting lineup. and hopefully speights can play just as well off the bench, cause he will also be able to back up marc some as well. but anyway, i wish we had another game with the spurs. maybe the playoffs? :)
MemphisSwag::Last comment,I did win a 1,000 bucks for the Grizz being up by four at halftime it helped taking a loss just a lil.
MemphisSwag::Hold the onions on my crowburger please.I talked a lot of smack so I will own up to it spurs fans,see you in the playoffs.
Raidersyeahthatsright::Never see a Faker fan do that.
dysfox::Wow u showed up u r for real!!!
A10Rebel::I certainly didn't expect the Spurs to lose three in a row.  Well played last night  Spurs.  The refs did a good job pounding both teams last night fwiw.
MemphisSwag::Lets talk about the refs.I really hate when the refs let both teams go at it and then start calling all the BS calls for both teams.It happen to the spurs and grizz,make up your minds refs.Can they go hard or go soft.
lsiberian::We'll see you in the Western Conference Finals I hope.
MemphisSwag::I hope my Grizz just win the four games that really count in the Spurs,Grizz  playoff games.
NOVABuffalo::I think we could all agree the playoffs is what counts.  I would expect a SA-Memphis series to be very brutal battle.
bfhastings::Shoot, it was a very good series last year.
NOVABuffalo::41 games won --- all because the refs favor the Spurs --- if you beleive that, then go buy a lotto ticket and quit your job.
luvnbayes::The good, the bad, and the hopeful.  The good is that Manu is back almost all the way.  Got the big rebounds and basically saved the game at the end.  The bad?  Geez, in the last 6 minutes Parker had 3 TO's, missed two FT's, and missed both of his FG attemtps, including a layup.  Parker was so good in the clutch in the first 40 games of the season, now he's regressed again.  He was one nervous dude down the stretch.   The hopeful?  Diaw started in the second half instead of Blair.  If only that could become a permanent situation.  Blair played the correct amount of minutes in the second half:  zero.   Blair just can't compete against the better teams, Diaw can.
yorklinks1::kobe has a .300fg% in the clutch and bynum has an .800fg% MAYBE IF BYNUM TOOK THE LAST SHOT THE LAKERS WUD WIN MOR full clutch rankings here (got stats from here) http://bustasports.com/?p=784
alamoaggie08::i thought a funny game last year was when the grizz were playing in san antonio (i think it was in march) and all three tony's in that game got hurt.  tony parker got hurt at some point (i don't remember what it was), then tony allen went crashing into the front row and referee tony munez, jr, who had to leave the game with a torn tendon.  it was the night if the crashing tony's :-p
jg181837::We get screwed at home what are you talking you are not a Memphis fan don't give me home court talk we shot five free throws in double it at home against Lakers that's why true Memphis fans complain about refs
jg181837::The NBA protects the spurs ask Joey Crawford never seen a ref get suspended for teching Tim for trying to show him up who else gets that from the front office
Raidersyeahthatsright::Only a complete moron supports Crawford in that situation. He went after Duncan and ever since the Spurs have a real hard time winning ANY game he works.
Racketyplum::Trying to show him up ? He was laughing on the bench thats it, Crawford deserved the suspension and most people felt that way.
bfhastings::Are you saying that the double digit loss the Grizz took last night was because of the refs alone? I hate to tell you man that your wrong, and your a homer who can't see reality.
jg181837::Are you kidding me you are saying the Lakers only fouled us three times in 58 minutes your an idiot
bfhastings::Dude did you even watch the Lakers game? Or were you watching the free throw stat sheet to prove an idiotic point? Lakers/Grizz game was a pretty clean game i thought... also it was like that the ENTIRE game, refs always tend to let the late quarter stuff slide. Blaming refs is below me...
alamoaggie08::joey crawford was blind as bat in that game.  one of the big momentum swingers was that blatently wrong out of bounds call on ron artest in the first half.  he was even thanking joey for not paying attention.
alamoaggie08::apparrently all these grizz fans were not watching the game if they think the refs gave the spurs the win.  the turning point of then entire game was when gilbert arenas whacked tony parker in the face during a layup.  the refs didn't call it even though he was bleeding and then called a ticky-tac foul on the other end.  that made them mad and they started playing harder.  the refs basically called the 1st half in the grizzlies favor and the 2nd half more evenly.  it's your fault for not capiltolizing on it and not making the FT's you were given.
Punta09::Parker was smashed on the head in two layup attempts that were both at crucial stages of the game. Both times the refs missed the call, it was very poor effort by the refs last night. Both teams got bad calls but Memphis overall got the more favourable calls.
jg181837::The refs protect the spurs Duncan is David sterns baby ask Joey crawford
NOVABuffalo::Reality Check - that's just plain silly, the big-city teams is what the NBA office wants, not SA (or Memphis or OKC).  In the playoffs a few years ago the Lakers got a great "no-call" when a Spurs player was shooting a 3 on the last possesion - something even Phil Jackson said was "fortunate for Lakers".
alamoaggie08::the point is the refs were horrible both ways the enitre game, so you can't go whining that they were the difference in the game.
jg181837::beat up
jg181837::Oj got slapped the same way gasol got brat up and no call but Tim gets looked at wrong its a foul
Raidersyeahthatsright::What a ta rd.
lsiberian::Duncan is in beast mode. If he keeps this up look out.
pistonfanstill::The Mathematics of Duncan's Whining   DUNCAN WHINING  = DUNCAN  WINNNG  WHINING - H = WINNING as in 4 Rings  Lets have some fun with DUNCAN  DUNC AN WIN or DUNK AND WIN
timvp007::if i wasnt a spurs fan i would probably say the same thing.. but ill take the whining if I keep the rings :) GO SPURS GO
jg181837::Tim's the biggest whiner in the league he learned it from his coach
Raidersyeahthatsright::What an ignorant little panzy.
umadbro44::Until your Grizz win 4 rings, or even a Western Conference champoinship, or even a conference semifinal, then you might be able to talk to Spurs fans....
I3UTTON::Lol im pretty sure Spurs fans are the only ones butthurt in this room after that embarassing performance in the playoffs last year
pistonfanstill::Do you realize complaining about someone else being a whiner is WHINING?!
Racketyplum::just a jealous butt hurt grizzly fan, nothing to see here.
timvp007::love my spurs but thats a big if .. time is running out for Timmy, everyone else has to step up or no fifth ring this year
bfhastings::I have been a Grizz fan since 2001 when they came to Memphis, to all of the Memphis fans that get on these Message boards that complain about refs blah blah.... every home team tends to get a slight advantage from the refs..... Even the Grizz when its a home game..... but the reason the Grizz lost is their lack luster Defense in the final 2 minutes or so in the game and Duncan's points in the 3rd quarter.
pistonfanstill::Yeah but this 'soft' issue is misleading.  There is a long tradition of scoring PF who are called this because of their height.  Even Bill Laimbeer played outside and no one called him 'soft.'  Jack Sikma.  Kevin McHale?  The Bad Boy Pistons had James Edwards who was a scoring SF and at 7' was the tallest starter.  Mahorn played the inside more.  Rasheed Wallace was accused of being 'soft.' Rau Gasol has Bynum.  Zach likes the inside.  But just saying a coach should know his players and if he has a 7' who has  range like Dirk then he should get at least a Dennis Rodman willing and loving to do the inside work.  A 7' is going to get rebounds by default but if he can pour in 30 pts from all over the floor you get someone to do the inside stuff because at that height the only reliable defense is if he misses.
pistonfanstill::You are a true NBA fan
bfhastings::4 year season ticket holder but can't say i went to every one the first two years....
bfhastings::38107 here and haven't missed a game at the Forum in 2 years
bfhastings::He defines a lot of people in my City, band wagon Tigers and Grizzlies fans, only around when they win, who are watchinn the Grizzlies for the first time if not basketball in general.
jg181837::Zip code is 38117 haven't missed a game in three years not Lakers fan spurs boy
timvp007::im sure JG is a lakers fan under cover
bfhastings::jg do you even go to Grizz games? I am a season ticket holder so lick my A$$
timvp007::i see your trueee colors shining through .. . lol idiot
jg181837::Two offensive fouls
timvp007::I dont think Griffin would dunk over M Gasol like he did to Pau.. that was funny. even lakers were laughing at that posterization
jg181837::Bfhastings should get a spurs Jersey
bfhastings::Ha contrary to many Memphis fans I ALWAYS hated Pau Gasol..... that dude is too soft, same reason I hate Nowitizki.... While both are good players, I like bigs who play big under the rim.
timvp007::I would deff pick Grizz Gasol over softy brother P Gasol. Shoot put Grizz Gasol on the spurs and Fifth ring no doubt put lakers Gasol on the spurs and chances stay about the same
bfhastings::The true ones are.... And i think we have the best Gasol... the dunk he threw down in traffic late in the game Pau wouldn't do
wkdavis85::Its nice to know that there are other sensible Grizz fans out there.
jg181837::Spurs sixth man of the year comes through again the ref's
Raidersyeahthatsright::Waaaah, waaaaaah, waaaah, waaaaah, Somebody get that boy his binky!
Punta09::Cant believe Memphis fans feeling hardly done by, don't you remember Parker being smashed on the head in a number of layup attempts. So one eyed its pathetic
wkdavis85::So, just out of curiosity, did you happen to watch the game last night? Yes, the refs were terrible. But it was for both teams. Terrible calls and missed calls on both sides. Both teams played a good game, but Duncan was unstoppable last night.
Jevers10::wow
TideCardsTitansGrizzPreds24seven::My issue is that a guy like Dwight Howard will win DPOY again.. And y.. Becuz he's so big he gets a lot of rebounds and blocks like a person his size should?? Smh.. How about the very good on-ball defenders.. The guys who have to stop the worlds best players night in &amp; night out.. Tony Allen is the best in biz right now.. But he won't get the award.. It's hog wash.. Or mike Conley who leads the league in steals..
timvp007::agreed . Tony Allen plays tenacious D like Bowen use to for the spurs. i can see why people hated Bowen so much, i cant stand Allen haha
Zo3313::Pop is going to have to play Duncan and Splitter together more. They are going to have to especially in the playoffs of 4th qtr games if they play the Lakers or the Grizz
MemphisSwag::My crowburger taste better with musterd,good game spurs.
timvp007::your a good man memphisSwag..  as all spursfans know regular season doesnt mean jack.. we swept the mavs one year in the reg season and lost to them in the playoffs and the other way around too i beleive. but still good game
bgibbs813::Griz fan here - Good game last night Spurs.  I was hoping we could pull it off so we can tighten up that 3rd seed.  Tim and Parker are still beasts.  I can't complain too much about the officiating because it was bad on both sides and we really lucked up that Boner pricked a lot of wide open 3's, otherwise it would have been a massacre.  You guys got to see a little bit of Speights and what he is going to look like coming off the bench if Z-bo can step his game up and take over the starting position.  Hopefully, you guys can take that #1 seed and we can get the #3 seed and meet for the WCF.
timvp007::Zbo did not look like what I remembered in the playoffs. get him back like last year and Allen back and any team would have trouble with your team
alamoaggie08::does anyone else feel like espn is lousy at putting together a highlight video?  they do nothing but promote blake griffin's meaningless dunks, and yet when you watch the highlights of last night's spurs/grizz games all it shows is some relatively meaningless, not-so-exciting plays.  that's their indirect way of labling so that viewers will watch their favored teams more.
A10Rebel::if you play the Grizzlies you'll get the hate ESPn has for us dumped on your team...sorry.
timvp007::its a business.. i would do it too if I were in charge of ESPN. money talks
wkdavis85::Well the Lakers are the largest market in the NBA, so they will get shown more...
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::Its because espn is in LA also...maybe that's why the media there keep showing the lakers more than any other team....but that $@%! don't bother me....its nothing new....lets see what the media will do after the lakers get ousted from the playoffs.
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::The refs were horrendous last night.
alamoaggie08::nothing new there.  they have been all season.  i don't think i've seen one game where both teams weren't infuriated with the refs.
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::The lAkers sUck!
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::The Spurs missed too many shots and turned the ball over too many times....they've beaten the lakers in LA before...just hope this doesn't happen again.
spursfan766::Someone just needs to tell Andrew Bynum to shoot 3's and we should be able to beat the Lakers if he does it.
alamoaggie08::no just put kobe back in.  then he won't have the ball as much.
TideCardsTitansGrizzPreds24seven::Real talk and I said this before the game yesterday.. Spurs the only team that worries me.. I think they're the only team that can really challenge my Grizz.. Both have deep benches.. It would be a knock down grind it out 7 gm series.. And the fact that SA would have joe court in that series would make it even tougher
spursfan766::Anyone can win the west really.... except the mavs, rockets, jazz, and maybe the suns and someone just said the clippers and i wrote this down to have him shut up!!!!
spursfan766::You know who I wanted to see... TONY ALLEN....... But then again when he accuses players of not having injuries they say they do., he deserves to get his facial lacerations, maybe mayo got his revenge...
spursfan766::I guess Tony Allen's facial lacerations are worse than expected  http://chanceplus1.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/Rihanna_Beat_Face.png
TideCardsTitansGrizzPreds24seven::Sorry spurs fans.. I know Grizz have some idiot fans.. Every team has them but this devlin kid.. Wow.. U do know there is bball outside of SA right?? Lol
TideCardsTitansGrizzPreds24seven::Thunder don't stand a chance both these teams would rock them
The_Devlin::I agree.  I think a better argument is it would have been a different series if Manu was healthy.  But that loss made the Spurs better this year.  ANd Memphis had the 3rd best record in the league during 2011 (not the whole season) going into the playoffs hot.  The SPurs were slumping so while I think it would have been a different series with Manu the Spurs still could have easily still lost.  I just have friends that give me a hard time about losing to an 8 seed but I didn't really feel like the Grizzlies were the type of team you typically see out of an 8 seed historically.   Both teams are better this year.  It would be nice if we could meet in the WCF!!!!
TideCardsTitansGrizzPreds24seven::Well to be honest I've also heard spurs fans use the we would've won if Manu had been healthy excuse too.. Last yr was last yr.. It happened.. Both teams are better and healthier this yr.. Move on is all I say
The_Devlin::Most Grizzlies fans keep going on and on about how they will knock the SPurs out just like last year as if they missed the last 4 times we've played each other.  There's always an excuse.  This game it appears it was the refs fault the Grizzlies lost.  You seem much more objective but it gets old when you feel like you're trying to debate with a 10 year old.  Kobe fans continually type "5 rings" and that is all they have.  I would say that Utah fans are probably the most educated sounding and objective fans I've seen on these boards.
TideCardsTitansGrizzPreds24seven::And usually it's idiots from those teams that come in here to hate.. Disguised as other team fans.. That happens too.. Thunder fans are bad as well
TideCardsTitansGrizzPreds24seven::Like I said every team has idiots like u.. Grizz fans aren't near as bad as those fan bases
The_Devlin::Yes, it was sarcasm....google it.    You Grizzlies fans are getting almost as bad as Lakers and Heat fans which is very surprising considering I would not think that there are many bandwagon Grizzlies fans and that is what I generally attribute the troll Lakers and Heat fan comments too.
spursfan766::Can't we all agree that Memphis ripped off it's Grizzlies logo from the timberwolves..... A the half face that looks serious is a blantant copy of the t-wolves logo
timvp007::oh man i see why your saying that.. they look alot alike. I bet the same guy designed it or something.
TideCardsTitansGrizzPreds24seven::Probably but oh well.. New topic
spursfan766::Look at the face of both logos, and see the dark half face on it's left side, and see if they didn't rip that off from the T-wolves....
The_Devlin::Who cares?  It's the Timberwolves and Grizzlies.  Can we please keep the conversation to relevant NBA teams please?
spursfan766::Sorry Devlin... but here's a logo of a relevant NBA team you would like..  http://www.thelegalcorrespondent.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/10/steve_urkel-296x300.jpg
TideCardsTitansGrizzPreds24seven::^ typical idiot.. Probably thinks the Grizz are a fluke too.. Lmao.. We love dummies like u
spursfan766::Sorry that I'm commenting on the Grizzlies on the Grizzlies, Spurs Game Page.... Why would I feel compelled to comment on the Grizzlies on a page that features the Grizzlies.
TideCardsTitansGrizzPreds24seven::How do they look the same.. Grizz logo is one of the best lookin logos IMO.. Their light blue jersey are the best lookin jerseys too jus my opinion tho
TideCardsTitansGrizzPreds24seven::The weaknesses of each of the top 5 west teams IMO  OKC lives and dies by their big 3.. Their role players are too inconsistent SA has a very deep bench and is a solid team they just need more consistency outta their front court LAL has no bench at all MEM like the Spurs is very deep and is a solid all around team.. Their are hardly any weaknesses.. What'll hurt them is the name on the front of their jerseys LAC let's see a weak bench, weak front court, poor defensively, live &amp; and die by alley oops &amp; 3s.. Too dependent on CP3 &amp; Griffin
timvp007::I would rather face the lakers then the grizz if they are all healthy in the playoffs.. no doubt
The_Devlin::The Grizzlies only weakness is the name on their jersey?  Great job in being objective homer.  How about the Grizzlies have only played well enough this year as a team to earn the 5th best record in the conference?  That's a weakness.
damann88::Well, we all saw what an unhealthy team does in the playoffs last year. Class dismissed (hope you see how big of a tool you appear to be when you read that).
TideCardsTitansGrizzPreds24seven::How about if they had been healthy all yr they'd b right up there with the thunder &amp; spurs dumb a.ss... This team has been riddled with injuries all yr.. Class dismissed
timvp007::yes tony allen.. he is still on the Grizz.. oh dang hes a huge part of that team in my eyes.. wow they are going to be really good if Zbo comes back how he was last year.
TideCardsTitansGrizzPreds24seven::O ya no doubt.. He's the heart beat of the team.. To be honest what they've done without him the past 2 wks gets overlooked
timvp007::hey what happened to that guy .. with the beard .. .lol real intense looking dude always looked pissed off, played vivious Defense and was pretty good on offense too. i didnt see him last night
TideCardsTitansGrizzPreds24seven::I dunno who ur talkin about..Only Guy that I'm thinkin of with a beard is Harden.. there's Tony Allen.. He's been out the past week with a bad cut on the lip
timvp007::you forgot Memphis star player from last year is not the same player this year, he may not "round into shape" that was not the same Zboo we saw last year. he looked slow tired and well chubby
TideCardsTitansGrizzPreds24seven::We don't really need ZBo to be the player he was last yr.. If he does return to that then great.. And he has been lookin very good the past few gms or so.. But we got more than enough guys to help carry the load.. We needed ZBo last yr to do what he did cuz we had no Rudy.. Not the case this yr.. Grizz just give an all sound team effort.. They have 8 or 9 guys capable of posting double figures every night.. 4 guys capable of grabbing double figure rebounds.. Grizz aren't depenendent on their star power like most teams.. They're really a lot like the bulls in that sort
timvp007::ok where is Memphiswag .. we are here, where you at..  tell us why the Grizz lost. I want to hear the excuses
wkdavis85::Definitely not gonna say it was the refs faults, as they were equally terrible for both teams last night. However, there were 3 "missed" calls against the Spurs in the last minute of the game that could have really changed the outcome of the game. Great game played by both teams, though. Even as a Grizz fan, it was nice seeing that Duncan still has a little something left in the tank.
timvp007::haha figures.. thats all they got.. oh the refs wanted the spurs to win, the nba hates the grizz.. blah blah
The_Devlin::I think it was mentioned a few posts below that it was the refs fault.
Amon.Goeth::lol at that note about Boner bricking most of his threes. He's been fading away at the same time of the season for the last 3 years; you'd think people would catch on by now that this guy is absolutely useless past March.
The_Devlin::I feel much better about the Spurs front court after the win over the Grizzlies and Tim's dominant play.  I was getting a little nervous about the front court after the Lakers game.  I'm sure the Grizz fans will have a thousand excuses (I've already read the refs thru the game) why they lost and got swept during the regular season 4-0 by the Spurs.  But this Spurs team can beat ANY team in the league in a 7 game series if they play Spurs basketball.  We'll just have to wait and see if they can get number 5!!!  There are about 5 teams that have a legit chance to win the West while I think the East is pretty much Bulls vs Heat.
The_Devlin::Indiana, Boston, Atlanta, Orlando....although they all have good teams I just don't think they have enough to overtake the Heat or Bulls.  I wouldn't be completely shocked if the Heat got upset before the ECF but it would be a longshot.  I think the Celtics just need to do some tweaking to become a legit contender again like they have been the last 4 years.  Do you know if they plan to re-sign KG?  He will be a free agent.  I'm not sure what their cap situation is but it seems they need to bring in some younger guys.
wrduardo::You forgot the Celtics...don't dismiss them at all, especially remembering that their cornerstone (Rondo) was hurt last year during the playoffs....
doofx::This was actually a very good game until the third quarter, when the referees took over.  Simply watch replay of Duncan's third quarter scoring.  Marc Gasol was not allowed to even stand near him without a foul call.   Very suspect refereeing there, David Stern.  Sleazy bad.  I don't think you can get away with that during the playoffs with the world watching.
The_Devlin::It was a good game.  The Spurs won by outplaying the Grizzlies just like they did the previous 3 meetings this year.  The Grizzlies outplayed the Spurs in the playoffs last year and the Spurs have outplayed the Grizzlies 4-0 this year in the regular season.  Neither team should be too over-confident if they meet in the playoffs this year.  This game wasn't called any worse than most NBA games.  Good Spurs win.
score1 4me::washington v new york  wash is 7-22 ats on the road NY is 19-10 ats at home Ny leads this match up this season covering 2-0 ats wash against a team above 500. is 5-30 ats NY against a team under 500. 18-9 ats wash record as road underdog is 6-22 ats NY record as home favorite 15-7 ats Ny is 8-0 ats @ home this this past 30 days wash last 30 days is 4-7 ats on the road
LSD_hookem::Nice comeback off the slide spurs- grizz watched the laker game and thought they had this one before the tip. As a Thunder fan I was happy you were out in round one last year but the folks are true eedjits if they think you can't get it done based on that!
The_Devlin::^ I think that's the type of uneducated troll comment you were referring to.
doofx::The Spurs will get knocked out in whatever round they meet the Grizzlies.    So, yeah, you're right.  Probably not the first round like last year.  But, the Grizzlies, just like last year.
ImOldschool1964::It's nice to see a fan who is realistic.  I think most the time other team fans troll and make outlandish statements like "Spurs will get knocked out in the first round like last year".  maybe they reall think so but I think most the time it's just trolling---the big difference last year was Manu having only one good arm, as long as we're helathy there's no way we get bounced in the first round.
thenbatmm::Blake Grffin poster serge IBAKA  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0aWVGN28gsA
LSD_hookem::He did but the flip side of that was Blake cowering when Durant charged in for a dunk!  Whenever he is challenged he suddenly decides to tie his shoes- that's why he gets highlights bot no respect.
dbackyankeeswinning::I found a betting system a few months back called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 2 months straight now following this system. I found this system by googling the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. Thought I would post this for anyone out there that is looking for a betting system that actually works
thenbatmm::D-wade is pretty clutch, something that LEBRON doesnt have....  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aKQCpwxxxpo
thenbatmm::wow CJ WATSON HUGE 3!! WHERE WAS LEBRON  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gzjY42bZ7IE
Jhe1125::Good game Spurs.  Hopefully we can see you in the playoffs with a healthy roster for once.
I3UTTON::Ya Grizz def coulda used Tony Allen tonight. I just don't see the Spurs beating the Grizz in a 7 game series.
The_Devlin::I think the Grizzlies could still beat the Spurs in a 7 game series although I still like the Spurs chances.  Solid front courts are just tough for the SPurs to match up against so as a SPurs fan I'd like to avoid Memphis and LA if possible.  But I'm just trying to play the best statistical odds of the Spurs getting to the finals in as few games played as possible.
bballfan6767::I disagree. The Grizz are a terrible matchup for the spurs no doubt. But if the spurs stay healthy I see very little chance the Grizz could win one in San Antonio.
UTSisTexas::damn Duncan did werk. Glad to see someone is taking games seriously again and not looking like he is still on va-ca.
TheHoMaster::lakers, clips, and grizz are gonna be close in the 3rd/4th/5th spot in the last few games.  memphis has a good chance, but LA definitely could hang on to the 3rd... the chances are about equal.  don't completely discount the clippers though... they're gonna be tough cause cp3 hates losing, especially at this time of year. lol
Shawn1807::http://sports.espn.go.com/nba/playoffs/2009/columns/story?columnist=hollinger_john&amp;page=FranchiseRankings-Spurs  Interesting list
Bexindy55::It makes me lose faith in the human race that "NBAcasualfan" and other moronic individuals think calling the Spurs "boring" due to low national media ratings constitute some sort of insult.  If you want a fu***ing popularity contest then I suggest watching Miss America.  Watch Jersey Shore.  Fox News gets pretty awesome national ratings, please become an avid viewer.  In short, why not form every opinion in your life according to what the national market dictates and make no attempt to think for yourself.  Fortunately for us the market doesn't always dictate the victors on the court.  The rings talk, not the ratings.  This is the whole reason why we watch sports to begin with.  If you think its a "cruel reality" that the average dumb, fat, attention-deprived American TV viewer doesn't like to watch the Spurs play bball on TV then you probably should've remained a stain on your mom's mattress.  There...
ImOldschool1964::Most other teams fans troll..and they troll that which they fear--they HOPE the Spurs are borning and will get eliminated in the first round.
420floyd::Lakers&gt;Spurs
Frantismo::Nice, you went off lol... Good freakin points
Shawn1807::Spurs big 3 finally back from their holliday. Grizz still a great team good luck in the playoffs.
halinahandbasket::despite this game...i like the grizzlies coming out of the west, especially with zach randolph rounding into form as of late
doofx::I am a Grizz fan.  But, even I think it is funny that when everyone talks about Zach Randolph's return, the term "rounding into shape" is always used.
TideCardsTitansGrizzPreds24seven::I like their chances too.. It's gonna be tough though.. They just finished an impressive 8 gms in 12 nights against tough competition and they just looked gased tonight.. But despite the loss what they've done the past 2 wks is no joke..
