Rick Grimes..::this game was epic for us knicks fans.
Merle Dixon.::my neighbor is a cowboys/celtics/yankees fan....
Rick Grimes..::same here.... what a coincidence.
manimarf09::Dear NBA,  You really have to do something about the courtside help staff, as it is a potentially dangerous situation with the players in such close proximity.  Signed, The cameramen behind the basket
slam_dunk_on_u::Did the pathetic spurt fans finally show up after getting spanked last night by the knicks...what a pathetic fanbase
Kurosi::scumbag David Stern
luvnbayes::Last night pretty much proves that Duncan and Ginobili have no business playing 4 games in 5 nights.  It was obvious by the end of the 1st quarter that neither had their legs.  But credit to NY, they are vastly superior defensively than a year ago.
imissoakley::Melo has been a much more all around player this year and as a former detractor of his, I am not ashamed to give him all the credit for it this year. He really needs to see that more important than statistics, it is the attention he demands from the defense that is most valuable throughout the game. Add that with trust of the other guys and you have a very dangerous team. A great weapon allows the game to come to him and has the ability to take over at the end when you need that one score.   kudos to the team.
Webelieve012309::c
Carlos8946::Of course ESPN, if the Spurs win you don't even mention them but as soon as they loose, they're on the top stories. SMH -__-
Homerdoh28::Hey Loudmouth  Knicks Fans a good first half of a regular season is OK but no real accomplishment - My Nets have 37 playoff wins this millenium and your Knicks have 1 throw away win in that same period of time. The Giants have won more Super Bowls in the past 5 years than the Knicks have won playoff games w 7 game series.  Lets see how this aged team with possible chemisrty issues fare in the playoffs where there is no recent history of success for the franchise.
Larry Bird is my Father::Best post on these boards. Teach these delusional Knick fans that their franchise will only disappoint them when it matters most.
SPEC1MAN::your brooklyn nets have ZERO playoff appearances.  plus if you want to talk stupid stuff, the knicks have waaaay more playoff wins than the nets and waaaay more chips.  your talkin $@%!$@ talk
Homerdoh28::why a team with no playoff wins can talk this much SHITTT is myonly point - You guys have NO collateral to be talking this much and even funnier you haven't even made it to the All Star Break and you assume the ECF - hillarious!!!!
yourmothersmustache::cool story bro.  I dont know what Jason Kidd led Nets team have to do with The current Nets, Knicks, or anything at all.  But if it makes you feel important then good for you.
KiD.Clutch.35::So was it a Spurs fan that created the name "4-Petes-Sake?"  So sad.  Funny though.  Mustve pissed one of yall off.
nba is the worst::He's an OKC fan
-Td4mvp3 -::Look guys...as a die hard spurs fan...I realize are best years are behind us....but dam.nit I still feel like we have what it takes to get back to the promise land....whether it be pride or confidence I belive that my spurs can do it this year and defy all the odds....we were only 2 wins from the finals last year and i think we can do this...the road will be long and bumpy but a hard earned championship is well worth the struggle....go spur go!
slam_dunk_on_u::Didn't you said the spurts would win by 20 points??/  You need to kill yourself dude
SPEC1MAN::spurs are an awesome team   i hate them! hahahaha
texican_10::if the spurs can trade bonner blair and maybe add mills or neal for a defensive minded big we can win it forsure
texican_10::Spurs will trade for a big before the deadline and win their 5th book it
Donnie Walsh::Amare is def available so......
cov369::lol
RO7NY::Its so funny how when the Knicks win its always because the other team didn't show up, gave it to them, were tired, only care about playoff wins.   But when the Knicks lose, they suck, they are showing their true colors, etc.    People make up your mind.  You can't be 22-10 by accident.
JustAverageKnicksFan::You lost all credibility when you said Pesky Prigioni is better than Felton.
magicmar25::Knicks would have won by 30+ with Felton....Spurs caught a break there!
Larry Bird is my Father::Felton? Are you kidding? What is his FG percentage again? 39%?  The fact that Felton is injured is a blessing in disguise for the Knicks. Prigioni plays at a better tempo, makes better decisions, and distributes the ball better than Felton could even imagine. All Felton does better is score better, and he can't even do that consistently. But no, all Knicks fans see are superstars and franchise players and don't know it takes more than the name on the back of a jersey to win a championship.  Can't wait for the Celtics to expose this fluke team.
ZinBayArea::They only won because they scored more points than the Spurs...
RO7NY::I'll buy that for a dollar.
texican_10::Spurs didn't show up
ZinBayArea::Remember the '99 Knicks - Spurs finals? God that sucked...  Would have been a decent series if Ewing was healthy...
RO7NY::So when the Knicks beat the Spurs earlier in the season I guess that was because of their schedule right? Stop with the "they were tired" "scheduling" excuses, because when the Knicks were on the same type of roady... they played Memphis on a Friday and no one made excuses for them when they lost. After playing 3 road games prior.    Stop it SA fans, you have a great team... losing to a great team isn't bad at all.  At least you didn't lose to Charlotte.
Bamm7272::"Knicks" and "great" in the same sentence! LOL
yourmothersmustache::You need to open your eyes
nba is the worst::104-84 112-92
texican_10::dude im jk lol
RO7NY::I know... I was being sarcastic too!
texican_10::Spurs were tired lol
RO7NY::yeah... it had nothing to do with the intense Knicks defense coming back to life again.
-Td4mvp3 -::tough loss last night...spurs set a franchise record for lowest fg% in a game at 29....no way any team can win with those numbers....its early guys....you win some and u lose some...sometimes u just gotta swallow the tough pill and cut ur losses and look to the next game...
dmessina7::knicks D forced those numbers...
mark35345::The league would prefer the Spurs to play their starters 20 something minutes and lose by 17 than stick to the bench and make it a close game? Either way - 82 games is way too much for a regular season - always has been - always will be.
wilmaso::some what agree but at the same time i don't.... i think that they should make the season 76 games and get rid of back to backs. before the playoffs boasted a 7 game series in every round it used to be a best of 3 and best of 5 in the 1st and 2nd round respectively. so they basically added 6 games to the playoffs .... just take those 6 games out the regular season.  which is why i say 76 games.
Bamm7272::I guess the Heat wont be facing the Spurs. OKC or Clippers, but most probably a rematch from last year.
nba is the worst::Nah, just wishful thinking since the heat own OKC
texican_10::oh yes because your a fortune teller.
texican_10::Spurs should try to trade bonner blair neal/mills for nene
stonedknickfan::I'm not trying to be captain negative but Amare  looks weak man.  It scares me.
RO7NY::You people seem to not know anything about sports or basketball....if you just came back off of a Knee injury... after being out for month and you are still only 80%, do you think you would explosive as soon as you came back? Do you think you would be rusty? Uhhhhh....YEAH! I think you need to wait a few weeks before you can start to assess Amare'  He's got to get back into game shape first of all.  Then get his game going, then learn to flow with the team..
wilmaso::dude he just got back , chyll out bro of course he lost a hop in his step he had micro-fracture surgery and the the time limit on those procedures is a max of 6-7 years and stat is at that point right now. so he better work on that jumper and jump hook lol.
yourmothersmustache::Dude he just came back, give him a few weeks to get back into the swing before coming to conclusions.
WhitestWhiteBoi::theres a difference between being in shape...and in game shape..amare is in shape but he is not in game shape...he looked very winded early...his explosiveness is not there..but we have seen signs that hes still very athletic..give it time. his struggles are all things that will get worked out as he plays. his shot is so forced right now. i can tell he worked out with hakeem because hes trying to incorporate alot of different moves into his post game but its just all forced right now. no rhythm.
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::the dude missed half a season sheesh lol.  Honestly all he has to do is eventually play better than Sheed for us to win (basically 12-15ppg and 7-8 rebs)
kgfootie::his rebounding will be more important than his scoring.  one thing i like though is that he's posting up a lot... the knicks need that!!!
kgfootie::he's played 2 games... he has to get his rhythm and strength back.... working out in the gym doesn't do it.
OmniVoid::Well to be fair he's not in game shape yet still has rust to shake off but he's getting better. I feel he's going to make a great bench player for this team and occasional starter.
stonedknickfan::What scares me is that his power will never come back.  That is what i fear
garnolfini::He can still dominate in mismatches, but I don't think he can beat skilled bigs anymore.
garnolfini::Splitter blocked his stuff twice. I think he's lost hops, needs to work mid range.
ESPN.com is my life::wow. giving up on the guy after two games. way to keep the faith.
OmniVoid::Thank goodness he's coming off the bench! Jeez you act like he's starting
OmniVoid::Well that's the boat the Knicks are in and they're making the best of it.
miami360x::100 million is too much to pay for a bench player.
BK 1st Shift Manager::Odds are he'll get hurt again so don't fret too much.  He'll be out of the lineup soon enough.
15steele15::Spurs need to trade for love or Sacramento big man fast then we will be good....we have a lot of talent to trade....I'm thinking not too much though....tiago, Blair, and Neal....or two of those and a draft pick
ESPN.com is my life::why don't do you trade all your bad players for one all-star. that happens all the time.
15steele15::Was saying either one not both
OmniVoid::Why stop there. Sign Howard and Bynum in the offseason too.
yourmothersmustache::You think 2 of those guys and some graft picks would get you Love or Cousins?  Keep Dreaming man.
jcsny::Cousins is overrated and has the maturity of a 12 year old.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::why dont they trade for Rose and Lebron too?
ESPN.com is my life::i only got 20 touches and we won that game. i'm going to have to do something about that.  -- melo
OmniVoid::A Nebraska and Arizona State fan? No wonder you're mad LOL
yourmothersmustache::Seriously find a new way to spread your stupidity, this doesnt even make sense anymore
OmniVoid::Let me guess you're also going to say Melo is "fat" too LOL
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::the "melo is selfish" is cliche and stale. get new material
jcsny::doesn't make it any less true.
OmniVoid::If Pablo continues to be that aggressive then the Knicks will be fine until Felton comes back then they'll be better
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::pablo is nice but cant handle quicker guards. need felton and shump too
OmniVoid::Shump back is going to help the Knicks A LOT. Can't wait for some 21 Shump Street
BK 1st Shift Manager::You forgot, "LOL," at the end of your post.
OmniVoid::Pablo's strengths are his defense and the steals he can get. I like Felton because he's decent at that and can score.
yourmothersmustache::garnolfini - Pablo is an upgrade on Felton  Pablo is NOT an upgrade over Felton.  Do you have eyes?  Hes a solid backup.  Thats it.
OmniVoid::In some ways yes. But Felton's strength is his ability to penetrate a defense
OmniVoid::Nah I save those for the morons on this board LOL
garnolfini::Pablo is an upgrade on Felton
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::where are all the punks saying the knicks were on the way down?
jkberg28::LAL not in the top 8 out west but still title contenders...got love ESPN.
garnolfini::Prison.
Bamm7272::losing record over their past 9 games?
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::please look up the definition of troll and then the definition of backtracking. trends also have perspective not just raw numbers
OmniVoid::Again how can they be trending down when they just beat a top team LOL
Bamm7272::Please look up definition of trend, then maybe you will understand. I didnt say the Knicks were bad or sucked at any time.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::3 games missed by Melo, Felton out, other injuries and still managed to stay afloat is trending down? more like weathering a storm. face it, the knicks are for real and people dont like it
Bamm7272::After recent losses to weak teams like Sacramento, Lakers, and Portland.
OmniVoid::Weird thought they just beat a top team LOL
Bamm7272::"on the way down" means recent games. #2 team in the East, yes, but trending down.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::lol...why so desperate? why 9 games?
OmniVoid::Yet still are a top team LOL
Ball Dont Lie Sucka::At school, maybe in gym class
OmniVoid::Back trolling on Lakers boards LOL
LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz::I'll talk to you later boo.I have to make some Bfast...Go Spurs Go
OmniVoid::As much as you talk trash it's all bueno we're all passionate fans of our teams here. Except Heat "fans" LOL
jkberg28::Woodson was the best move the Knicks made now if they can get Amare to take a bit of a different role they will be my pick to come out of the east.  Heat are having issues with title hangover and Wade's knee will not be 100%. My only question for them is the play calling of Woodson in the last 5 minutes...he wasn't that good at it in ATL and he needs to be better than he was last year against Heat.
dmessina7::so yes it was a knicks move
dmessina7::actually the knicks front office forced Dantoni to brign in a 'defensive coordinator' which was woodson.  He was brought in also in case what happened last spring (dantoni resigning) became a reality, which it did.
kgfootie::woodson wasn't a Knicks move... he was on Dantoni's staff... so when he quite Mike got promoted... just like what happened with Avery and Carlesimo.
jkberg28::Even if 100% he plays the 5 better off the bench against the second group and Melo at the 4 the match-ups are better for you guys.  Amare at the 4 against starters hurts your overall team defense even your team announcers say that.
OmniVoid::Yes which is why he's coming off the BENCH. Why do you keep ignoring that LOL
OmniVoid::Amare is coming off the bench and is not even 100% game shape yet so no worries LOL
Bradtet154214::great game.. http://tinyurl.com/funnyfridays104  enjoy
texican_10::genius move by woodson starting camby, out rebounded the hell outa my spurs
jkberg28::I don't Camby was the big difference...when Woodson changed the line-up about 4 minutes into the game with JR and Amare was big to get the Knicks flying and the same thing happened in the 3rd qtr and early 4th qtr it seemed like he cut short the rotation.
OmniVoid::That was our offense lineup when we have Chandler and Camby that's more for defense and rebounding.
texican_10::As soon as I saw that starting line up I was like sh.it lol Spurs need to add one more big, that's y we struggle with teams like Memphis,Utah, and okc those teams kill us on the boards
OmniVoid::They're just stretch bigs that hit the 3. Ryan Anderson and Kevin Love are those but at least they rebound a lot too
texican_10::diaw blair and bonner all $@%! me off I want them all gone they don't rebound and I don't think theyv blocked a shot in their entire careers
OmniVoid::Yeah Diaw is too undersized if they can find another big a young one preferably they'd be a lot better
OmniVoid::Thank you. You have no idea how hard it is finding reasonable Spurs fans here LOL
OmniVoid::Worst offenders have been Nets, Heat, Celtics and Lakers fans
agoods03::To be fair, it's hard to find any reasonable fan of any team on these boards.
LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz::Old is so in this year....We got Knicks(oldest team in the nba) and Heat(2nd oldest team) copying are OLD SWAG.
LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz::My bad boo 10-4
OmniVoid::Doesn't matter still ended up losing to the Thunder LOL at least the Knicks lost to the champs Spurs didn't even make it LOL
jkberg28::The last time the knicks were in the finals who did they play...Spurs...who won....Spurs and who continued winning....Spurs.....what did the knicks do..................
OmniVoid::Didn't realize Melo, Stat, Chandler, Kidd, Felton, Pablo, Copeland, Novak, and Brewer played on that team LOL
kmoe332::quit living in the past
LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz::12-4 in last years playoffs not to shabby boo
OmniVoid::12-4 yet same result as the 1-4 Knicks no ring LOL
jkberg28::What rings have the knicks won in this generation?
garnolfini::walked right into that one.
OmniVoid::Seeing as how it's a new decade the same as the Spurs LOL
OmniVoid::What rings have these Old Spurs won lately LOL? Last year's when they lost 4 straight to the Thunder? The year before that when they got stomped by the 8 seed when they were the 1 seed LOL
jkberg28::Don't understand the comment playing more than the Spurs...have you guys played two 4/5 nights on the road yet?
garnolfini::Knicks started 39 y/o PG and a 38 y/o PF.
LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz::Boo...we play to win rings you're team plays to get out of the first round .
OmniVoid::Yet how is that they are older and playing more than the Spurs LOL
Paul_Phoenicks::Like Pop cares about a game on January 3...
OmniVoid::Knicks fans expect it
jkberg28::Lets see what you are saying when the Knicks don't get a call against the Heat in the ECF...
garnolfini::Great teams don't let one call beat them.
garnolfini::Pop can rest his regulars for the summer beginning in early May.
OmniVoid::Guess he doesn't care about playoff games either to lose 4 straight LOL
wahaha1717::win over a old/tired team... I am not so impressed
RO7NY::And the old and tired team lost to an OLDER team missing its starting PG, SG, and backup PF in Rasheed Wallace.
OmniVoid::But when said old/tired team wins... praise em as title contenders LOL double standards
kvanderpool2::Poor game from Melo today.. only 23 &amp; 8?
kgfootie::THE TEAM WON - THAT'S WHATS IMPORTANT!!!!
RO7NY::they were being sarcastic.
kmoe332::yeah a real off game for him
garnolfini::Celtics fans excuses: the refs (J. Crawford) Spurs fans excuses: the refs (J. Crawford) + Stern (scheduling)
jkberg28::Spurs fans excuses J. Crawford + Stern Scheduling...comments like that just prove my point that some fans don't know basketball. Which team has the most titles during the J.Crawford and Stern scheduling complaints...let me guess you must be a Knicks fan?
OmniVoid::What do those titles have to do with them losing to the Knicks twice already LOL
OmniVoid::Oh and don't forget being old lol
LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz::Melo is this next  Charles Barkley,Karl Malone only difference is these guys can actually make it pass the first round.
kgfootie::Malone - Barkley - and Ewing couldn't get past Jordan...
jwkrock::Melo's made it to the WCF, so your point is mute.
OmniVoid::Thought that was the Spurs losing that f'd it up LOL
LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz::I was a sleep my morning dump f'd that up
OmniVoid::Why would I miss you? Don't you think it's sad to not get over last night's loss LOL
kvanderpool2::lol go back to bed bro.. the spurs took the L just leave it at that
LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz::You miss me boo?
OmniVoid::So you're back again LOL did this loss really affect you that badly LOL
Empire State Sports::Very good win for the Knicks. Good to get back on track after stumbling the past couple of games. On to Orlando on Saturday.
volleydan73::Playing four games in five nights, with the last game being against one of the Eastern Conference's elite teams sounds like a familiar situation. Pop should have just rested his starters for this one as well since the NBA had them set up to lose anyway.
RO7NY::PEOPLE! when the schedule came out I don't think anyone saw the Knicks being this good, especially the schedule makers.  So putting them at the end of a road trip based on last year, SA had the advantage... but the Knicks aren't as bad as people predicted.  HA!
jkberg28::I didn't know they play 4/5 nights in the playoffs...they don't even do the back2backs too often where have you guys been.  The league is about maximum profit and TV revenue!
OmniVoid::It's no different since chances are in the 4/5 nights you'd have a team like the Kings sprinkled in while in the playoffs it's all against one team
OmniVoid::I feel that's the main reason the Spurs end up losing in the playoffs since they're not prepared to play that many games in a short span lol
garnolfini::Will he rest them in the playoffs too?
Number One NBA Fan From Europe::Any of you have any idea why that Jordan-wannabe guy doesn't want to participate in the Dunk contest?
kmoe332::he doesnt want to lose.. He thinks losing the dunk contest will make him look bad.
OmniVoid::I forgot that the Spurs are the only team in the NBA that has to deal with back to backs and old age.
OmniVoid::You got to realize if you're playing the good teams now then the bad ones will be on the later part of your schedule.
jkberg28::Its not just the back2backs...4/5 night on back2back against Miami, Knicks, Lakers, or OKC.  Tell how many teams play the top teams on back2backs of a 4/5 nights that is considered by many to be a top team?  Haven't seen Heat play 4/5 night on back2back in OKC, LAC, or NYK!
jkberg28::Spurs played 4/5 nights and back2back Knicks were at home...did anyone think the outcome was going to be anything different! I'm a Spurs fan and I knew the outcome before the game started. If you play a quality team and they make you work offensively you will lose the game.  Spurs played 4/5 nights against the Heat...the game was better because the Spurs played the bench from start to finish. If they would have played the starters they would have lost by 20+ just like the 17 last night.  Teams use these games as measuring sticks and Pop doesn't like 4 in 5 because its not a good measure and not good physically for your team.
jkberg28::The Knicks are a better team then last year because they are playing better defense.  Scoring hasn't been a problem since Melo and JR have shooters around them with TC in the middle. The challenge will be getting the play calls from Woodson and whistles the last 5 mins in Miami just ask OKC and Boston!
garnolfini::yourmothersmustache - Heatle Beatle - Losers blame refs  Didnt Lebron go 17 days without committing a foul recently?  I wouldnt say Losers blame refs I would say the Heat get every BS call  Has Manu been called for a flop yet?
yourmothersmustache::Heatle Beatle - Losers blame refs  Didnt Lebron go 17 days without committing a foul recently?  I wouldnt say Losers blame refs I would say the Heat get every BS call
Heatle Beatle::Losers blame refs
NewYorkallday73::I agree, takes nothing from the Spurs just scheduling, not a good measuring stick by far.  But some folks have to find something to write about.
garnolfini::Sad story, bro.
mkwan0::What this game tells us-At this point in time, the Knicks are a good team, and the Spurs are vulnerable to fatigue.  It does not answer any questions with regards to how long the Knicks can keep playing this way, or if the Spurs will be able to stay fresh for the whole season.  Good game for the Knicks, but there are a lot of ways the season can still go for both teams (yeah, I know, no $hit, right)
Thetimpanikid16::actually I think it does. Pairing Camby and Chandler together solidified defensive rebounding which was a big part of the Knicks weakness defensively. Control the boards, control the pace.
shoenice ate your dog::nba is the worst: is your hater excuse machine up and running yet? what's on the agenda for today? must be sad being the biggest hater on espn, but sucking so bad at it. hilarious
shoenice ate your dog::nba is the worst hates on all nba teams especially the miami heat. blames everything on referees, unicorns, rainbows, etc
agoods03::Who does he hate on?
agoods03::shoenice ate your dog - flagged for stupidity  ok....
shoenice ate your dog::flagged for stupidity
Jamaal 43::Melo and TC with 22 rebounds combined; nice.
37376::This is definitely a sign that Amar'e is buying-in to the Knicks' system since he came back from his injury. Stoudemire keeps it up with his unselfish play he's going to have those "unexpected" nights where he drops 30 &amp; secondly the Knicks are going DEEP in the playoffs.
garnolfini::I don't think he'll drop 30 on a team with Melo and J R Smith. It isn't needed.
Greggy56d6::good statement by the knicks.. http://tinyurl.com/funnyfridays104 enjoy your friday guys
LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz::Y.O.C.O
YanKs_KnicKs_JeTs::I can't remember the last time the Knicks swept the Spurs during the Pop/Duncan era  I don't think it's ever happened
agoods03::This is what happens when the knicks play D.  Idk what the problem has been lately but they were getting lazy.  I understand you can't play D like this all year long but you can at least try to hold a team under 100.
kmoe332::im a knicks fan and yeah the D was better but they still gave up WAY to many wide open 3s. Spurs on 4th game in 5 nights may have been the difference in this game. If they are fresh they probably win this game. They missed a lot of wide open shots.
giangir::Not talking about beating them rather the low score for the Spurs.  Last Knicks victory against them they scored 100 points.  Just giving you the reason Spurs scored so low.
giangir::Also helps your D to have old spurs on the 4th game in 5 nights.
garnolfini::Manu looked bad, could barely remain upright when he tried to dribble into the paint.
agoods03::Yup, sure helped us a lot when we came back and beat them in San Antonio too.
oicurak9::Spurs fan here.  I'm not whining or complaining.  Knicks beat my team fair and square.  Good game Knicks.  In fact we're now 0-2 on them.  That's the way it goes.  Spurs are still dangerous and will still go to the dance.  Even with that L on the road, their road record is pretty great.  Go Spurs!
agoods03::Knicks are 0-2 vs the rockets this year so I know how you feel.
fred3857::Good defense and everybody pass the ball that make Spurs hard to defense then hard to offense and consequently win a big game.
garnolfini::Spurs will never beat OKC, LAC or Griz in the playoffs.
kgfootie::they can get past the clips... but yeah - last year was their last chance with this group... those guys are classy - so i wanted them to get one more.  i think they could have beat miami last year...  inexperience was OKC's downfall (besides the refs trying to give the heat the series) against the heat.
nba is the worst::Sure they will.  Who knows, maybe Stern won't send Joey crawford to an elimination game this time (unlike last year)
HeatLaughAtRegularSeason::LMAO at the SUCK Spurs!
shoenice ate your dog::dumbest comment of all time
ambelgra::well what are they supposed to do? Not show up? lollll
garnolfini::Pop can rest his regulars :)
ambelgra::How come everytime Knicks play the Spurs, they don't play their squad full time
