TGPhilly919::That game was decided when Walker hit a crazy running 3, the place went ballistic, then Lou Wil came right back down and popped a 3 of his own. We'll call that the "settle down, now" shot of the game :)  Kemba Walker is a special player, though. The Bobcats are terrible now, largely because of injuries, but they won't always be terrible. Kemba is the kind of player you can really build around. Bright things ahead for this young man.
xvolcom19x::There's no question about it but Lou Williams is molding out to be the best 6th man in the league, it's been a feat in the making the last two seasons.
KobeIies247::76ers are good this season! KEEP IT UP!
nygiants731::not bein mean but walker belongs to a better team!!!!!
joest2003::lol thats not mean its the truth
TWISSUM::Wow! 15 straight loses.  I feel proud to be a Hornets fan.
ssintense::3-25!!!????
pianodave1984::Anyone know who started at Center last night? Was it Brand?
CandySparker::
notarightyloon::So by Paul Silas' math - they'll be scoring 120 points a game once those two guys come back.
Space-Bulls::Shit
Space-Bulls::.
AIadvocate::Sorry but that wasn't a solid win.  There is more than one or two things that bother me about the Sixers.  Holiday...the fact that he's obviously a very good player is good and bad.  He should get the ball more but his careless turnovers bug me just like Iguodala's do.  Collins must have gotten in Iguodala's ear because he is playing solid basketball.  He has proven that while he is not an All-Star caliber player, he is a top notch role player.  Same issues continue however and that is Iguodala's handling of the basketball in the 4th quarter.  His jump shot is just not up to par with other top notch perimeter players in which championship contending teams depend upon in the games' biggest moments.  We need a player who can get to the line consistently and Holiday has the potential to be that second option.  Iguodala's purpose as a #1 play maker is not good enough to even contend for a title.  There's a slight chance we can pull a 04 Pistons' run but that's doubtful.  You can't have a #1 option who isn't a #1 option.  Bottom line for me is that Sixers need to optimize Holiday's all around offensive game much like they have Lou Williams throughout the game and get a real big man who isn't going to be hurt all the time.  The way Iguodala is used is not beneficial to the long-term future of this team.
KThonk::holiday careless turnovers? He has 12 TO is his last 9 games playing 35 mins a game. 12 turnovers in 315 mins of basketball seems like a good ratio to me
Iladelphia::Iguodala is actually a better jump shooter then say guys like Melo or Rose.
DL_0521::better jumpshot then melo? 0_o
Blazelover13::Another solid win for the Sixers. Man...poor Bobcats...I don't think they'll end the season with the worst record ever, or even come close to it like the Nets did a few years ago, but...man, this is just...terrible. I feel really bad for them. I wouldn't even wish this on my most hated teams! Think about how dejected a losing streak like that must make you feel. Good luck on breaking that streak, Bobcats! Oh, and keep on rolling, Sixers...all the way to the finals!
RZA_CONSOLE::kemba walker!   i want him on the nets if/when deron william takes off
Sixers1234567::Sixers=3rd  best team in the EAST. Now if we could only trade for Chris Kamen we would REALLY be a team to be reconed with... We should trade Spencer Hawes and Nocioni for him
Travis Berger::Sixers would lose to Chicago, Boston, Orlando, Miami and possibly Indy and NY in the playoffs
Travis Berger::Do you think they would trade for an injured Hawes?
Travis Berger::Sixers would lose to Chicago, Boston, Orlando, Miami and possibly Indy and NY in the playoffs
dprice5811::possibly any playoff team, moron
Travis Berger::Sixers would lose to Chicago, Boston, Orlando, Miami and possibly Indy and NY in the playoffs
drdlh1::Chicago and Miami are the only 2 teams that the Sixers should not be favored against.
theSwayzeExpress::Yeah Boston's "geriatric guys" are gonna be so exhausted by the end of the season, if they even make the playoffs I imagine they would all be put on respirators after playing a short series.  76ers, meanwhile, are a deep team with alot of young talent that will only continue to get better as the season progresses.  They have a shot at making ALOT of noise come playoffs.
Blazelover13::What kind of drugs are you taking? Philly already beat Chicago, Orlando and Indiana. That Knicks game was nonsense, since the refs fixed it. Miami...yeah, that could be trouble, I'll admit. Boston? Not happening. I don't care HOW good they've looked as of late. Boston is A FREAKIN' PRETENDER! Seriously, you have every team in the East playoffs (as of right now) beating the Sixers? You're seriously insane.
theSwayzeExpress::Are you f.u.ckin kiddin me dude?  Or are you just here trollin?  We have already beaten Chicago, Indy and Orlando (all three soundly) thus far this season.  Have you even been watching this team play?  I doubt it, most likely your entire opinion is based on the couple of minutes of clips you see on Sports Center each night, and the fact that this team does not have a certified "Superstar" (though this team is built for success by having depth and skilled role players).  Boston is too old to do anything this season, and Philly has Chicago's number going back to last year.  The only team in the East that can beat Philly in a series is the Heat, and well they are probably the best team in the East this year.  Just because the ESPN hype machine hasn't focused on the 6ers so far, does not mean this is not a very, very good team, who has a legitimate shot of reaching the ECF this year.
Travis Berger::or any team for that matter?
Travis Berger::Do you think they would trade for an injured Hawes?
Sixers1234567::Well I hope so! ... I think Kamen would really help us.  Hawes and  Nocioni for him would be a no brainer for us but I dont know if NO would do that... But I agree if Philly gets Kamen then we could maybe go to the ECF
dan gilberts number one puppet::sixers would beat chicago in a series!  they are second not third best in the east....if they get kamen that might make them a true contender
dan gilberts number one puppet::this is worst team in the worst era since the early 60s!  that is sad!  ok my cavs last year would have given them a run.
JustDza::Michael Jordan must hate himself right now. 3 WINS is friggin ridiculous
AIadvocate::Only thing Michael Jordan should be upset about besides his diminishing coke supply and the fact Kobe Bryant is being compared to him, in legitimate fashion, by ESPN.  Someone said it best when they said ESPN is just an entertainment network disguised as a news organization.  Look at my name.  The only reason I use this handle is because I watched years of ESPN fabricating Allen Iverson and Kobe Bryant.  The ladder in the positive and the former in negative.  Please look at the numbers and playoff performances.  Kobe Bryant should be compared to Allen Iverson FIRST, before Michael Jordan.  Not sure where any right minded person decided that Kobe was automatically the next Jordan, other than the fact he is obsessed with  not simply emulating the great one, but copying him.  But if anyone saw Iverson in many many games as I have and saw Kobe in many many games as I have, even from a non-subjective perspective, would realize that Kobe never lived up to Iverson's offensive game, let alone Jordans.  Wilt, Jordan, Iverson.  Those are the 3 best offensive players to ever play.  Those three could dominate a game, a series, with no one on their team.  It's been seen.  This idea that longevity equals greatness is laughable.  Look at it this way...at their best, who is better?  Who was the more dominant player?  Who played their best when it mattered most?  Who were defenses most afraid of?  Wilt, Jordan, Iverson could do many more things than Kobe could on the court
JRPH223::Why has he not traded the whole damn team. They make Wizards look like the damn Heat.
hasanabuasi2::im bobcats fan
CandySparker::Hola Lotta Love!
Leroyrobertpaige::The Bobcats will definitely set some records this year!  The owner, leader of the team with the best winning % ever, now leader of the team with the worst winning % ever.
SB4LlFE::just contract the bobcats.. the worst franchise ever
Rengel12::Bobcats breakin the Cavs losing streak of 26 last year..... 15 and counting..
dprice5811::knicks 2nd easiest stength of schedule and they are 13-15. sixers 4th easiest sos and their 20-9......  Jrue would lock down that dude from new york
theSwayzeExpress::4th easiest schedule?  I thought it was a lot tougher based on the stretch of good teams they just played (during that time they went a respectable 4-3).  This team is legit
dan gilberts number one puppet::no
Blazelover13::Yes. Lin won't stand a chance if/when he plays against the Sixers.
hulKKNUPE::Kimba considered a bust yet????
Blazelover13::A bust? Kemba has been playing amazing the entire season. He's really the ONLY GOOD PLAYER the Bobcats have! Seriously, a bust? One team cannot make a team good; I don't care WHO it is. Don't blame Walker for the Bobcats' issues.
dprice5811::i think his two biggest scorers have been hurt.......but whatever, go sixers
cb12490::child please
dprice5811::nice and quiet in here, that mayweather-lin board is ridiculous
Gregory Bowman::Attendance was 13,773?  They must have been giving out Duke or UNC tickets if you showed up to this game
cb12490::i love how this is used to justify moving the team. charlotte is a market that appreciates good basketball (see Lob City, Miami attendance numbers) but they haven't been given good basketball since the hornets were in town.  Want to move a franchise in a market that doesn't care and has no owner to speak of? Take the Hornets...
cb12490::lol bucks, knicks and warriors. you all lost to this team.  GO CATS!
crusher7930::charlotte will win the nba championship this year
crusher7930::cute
98.thLivesOn::or precious....your pick
98.thLivesOn::cute
jmasoero26::Collins hates Turner?
Marc_Fishtown::good team ball..probably still need proven big moment scorer to win a title..but love the ride they are giving us this year..
AGon334::Great production from the bench, T.Y and Lou Will
jayreed2309::young and lou &gt; every other teams bench
super_lintendo_101::WHO DOES PHILLY BEAT?
Claude Giroux28::i was playing super nintendo the last time the knicks were relevant
SanFrancisco37::knicks 2nd easiest stength of schedule and they are 13-15. sixers 4th easiest sos and their 20-9......
dprice5811::love
Phillyfan425::To be fair, super lintendo probably didn't know basketball existed until February 4th...the day the Knicks secured the next 18 straight NBA Championships.
Cubs_Fan0523::approximately 2/3 of the teams they play
dprice5811::no kidding, brilliant
Marc_Fishtown::same teams that the knicks and boston lose to on a nightly basis
cjyoungsr::Another win.  I'm still enjoying their progress from last year.  The team-ball is enjoyable to watch.
redskin6911::so 76ers couldnt cover and noooo the NBA isnt full of sh it ... I hope there plane crash's on the way back to philly
acphillyfan1::crawl back in your mouse hole
Marc_Fishtown::redskins has enough problems apparently he is a redskins fan..punishment enough
Ryan Hosss::Just because the redskins blew for the last 20 years, you probably shouldn't wish death on several people. Bad karma. Wizards suck too
dreidy24::could not have said it better  ddolph
cjyoungsr::If they do crash, I hope it is on your house.
ddolph2822::go hump a tranny
dreidy24::i hope you fall down the stairs
FlyersPhilliesEaglesSixers::Classy
Dr. Desk Little::http://scores.espn.go.com/nba/conversation?gameId=320213015
Detroits Biggest Fan::move the bobcats to seattle!
chuckeezy::Yes, because a rainy gloomy city needs a miserable team to root for everynight.
Mets2410::nice, Thad Young getting that 20th point
swami30::suckas!!!!!
Flyguys623 7.0::TOOL!
Detroits Biggest Fan::hey
Dr. Desk Little::with are Dicks
Detroits Biggest Fan::jeremy lin is all hype.
Marc_Fishtown::i hate bashing anyone but lin was cut a few times and tried for ten teams. he may wind up being a solid guy i doubt a star. i worry about the chemistry with melo who seems not to be able tohave chemtsry with anyone long term good luck to lin every night except for nights when the play sixers
ddolph2822::hes nowhere close to all hype. he's a really well rounded PG. This knicks win streak is from transitioning into more of a pick and roll style instead of isolation with melo. Lin is here to stay, the man is dirty.
jbone4927::cause hes a $@%!$@ proo
nccanes73::you know this because...
Mets2410::he's played 5 good games and he's being celebrated like he's one of the best players in history
Flyguys623 7.0::dont hate
sport15892::Yay Bobcats! Only lost by 9!
Talentsojhin::it feels like the bobcats won by 20!
bringithome6::im glad lou was talking like we lost this game
Dr. Desk Little::I feel like bringing this gayness to another board..............
Cubs_Fan0523::I'm sure PHX and GS fans would appreciate some love
espncomnba::KEMBA WALKER IS GOOD.........   BUT JEREMY LIN IS GOD
Marc_Fishtown::kemba walker showed again tonight that he is a spark plug....that is why he won in college..he threw some $@%! up tonight and it went in but hey luck comes with effort
espncomnba::lin s record 5-0  kembas record 3-25
Chiullir::o im sorry i didnt know lin and kemba where the only ones on the court for their teams... weird
Flyguys623 7.0::8=D  lins dick
Flyguys623 7.0::8=============================================D  kembas dick
chuckeezy::I'll take it. 20 wins.
thepolishprince215::GLAD I TEASED IT.
PennSportsGuy::meredith marakovitz wants sweet lous dick
Cubs_Fan0523::20-9 this team is for real
eaglesfan1723::damn you kemba damn you lol
