Road dog Red::Rondo distorts the offense because now everyone else has to pick up for what he WON'T do .. notice i said WON'T... cuz after six years he SHOULD be able to if he devoted any time to it,, but he won't he's too stubborn..so the team suffers.. and that is what pisses me off the most
Jdzspace::you just can't say things like that, because they are just not true.   you can't say a guy with a FG% of 48%, one of the top shooters from 15-23, and is 62% at the rim is a bad shooter. you just lose intellectual credibility when you say stuff like that.   is he a knock down shooter like Judas was? of course not, but he is far from a bad shooter
Jdzspace::he IS a good shooter. good, not great. and again, the fact that his shooting numbers have gotten better each and every year. so to say he WON'T work on it....again...provably false
Road dog Red::because he COULD become a good shooter if he put his mind to it
Jdzspace::for the record Rondo's shooting numbers  62% at the rim 41% 3-10 feet 38%10-15 48%15-20, wanna know the guards with better % than that from that range? there are 8with better %.   and guess what? NO guard makes more than Rondo from that range, and he isn't even top 50 in attempts   33% three  I can go on if you like
Road dog Red::Just proving again that stats are for idiots, liars and agents....
Jdzspace::first of all......NONE of his shots at the rim are OPEN. that is ridiculous. he goes into the teeth of the defense.   and regardless of Rondo being open or not, the FACT remains is that he DOES hit the shot.   so saying "he can't shoot" is provably false
Road dog Red::to be redundant.. cuz you didn't get it the 1st time.. Rondo is wide the PHREAK open on all of his shotS becauSe no one ever plays him to shoot.....Sooooooo He misses 38% of wide open uncontested shots at the rim ..layups 59% 3-10 feet 62% from 10-15... like his free throw avg.. are ya getting it yet.. HE CAN'T SHOOT
Dwayne_Johnson23::And 90% of the time, he shoots wide open!
Jdzspace::yes, yes it is
Dwayne_Johnson23::Not when you're left all alone
Jdzspace::you realize that hitting almost 50% of your shots, under ANY circumstances is an unbelievably great thing right?
Road dog Red::Rondo can't draw a foul if YOUR life depended on...not that it would matter because he'd have to go to the line where he would miss
Road dog Red::and he wins games by DOMINATING on both ends of the floor so the last shot is meaningless, because we have a huge lead or atleast a commanding one. ======================== LMAO... No.. winning a game means having the BALLS to take that last shot and RONDO never has
Dwayne_Johnson23::I dunno about that one.  This season, Rondo was taking the shots at the end of games.  Extremely annoying in my opinion
Road dog Red::and he SUCKED at it
Road dog Red::Jdzspace dont' make me start looking up stats, because i will. speak in truth, not biased opinions. ====================== Just proving again that stats are for idiots, liars and agents.... stats don't mean jack crap..Rondo can't shoot... those shot he makes are WIDE OPEN UNCONTESTED shots.. that being said he misses over 50% of WIDE OPEN UNCONTESTED shots from 15-23 ft care to try again
Road dog Red::my eyes tell me other wise because i have NEVER seen him do it
Road dog Red::Rondo can't/won't even shoot a contested 8ft Jumpshot
Jdzspace::his shooting numbers say otherwise
Jdzspace::no, stats are what ACTUALLY happens. what you see happen is just perceived by your own biased opinions and views
Road dog Red::Jdzspace wow.....that isn't even close to true. he has won MANY MANY MANY games in the playoffs.   ======================== I wonder if i've watch the same games.. i think i have... but i've NEVER seen Rondo win a game.. y'know take that shot that wins the game... in 6 phreaking years.. NEVER.. yet.. so many claim that... when it has NEVER happened
Jdzspace::you clearly don't watch games. he hit the last shot vs Chicago in 2009 in overtime when him and Rose where going back and forth.   and he wins games by DOMINATING on both ends of the floor so the last shot is meaningless, because we have a huge lead or atleast a commanding one.   "winning" a game doesn't mean hitting the last shot. in fact, if it comes down to the last shot its a BAD thing, not a good one
Dwayne_Johnson23::You were probably drunk
Road dog Red::and Rhonda has NEVER won a game in the playoff,, so just stop with that playoff crap... they will do BETTER without him then as they are NOW
Road dog Red::Rondo can't SHOOT ... face it.. he can't even hit his free throws.. he 'distorts' the team on offense and defense
Jdzspace::dont' make me start looking up stats, because i will. speak in truth, not biased opinions.
Jdzspace::Rondo has one of the best shooting % from 15-23 feet for guards.......so wrong on that one too.   care to try again?
Jdzspace::wow.....that isn't even close to true. he has won MANY MANY MANY games in the playoffs.   nevermind the historic 32-13-18 game that shut the door on Cleveland in the ECF in 2010.   I guess ignore averaging a triple double vs Chicago without KG  get real, now your just talking fantasy
Jdzspace::I would like a starting lineup of   Rondo Avery Pierce KG Sully  but that's just me
Road dog Red::Rondo is a team KILLA
Jdzspace::true, but its the OTHER team he usually kills
Road dog Red::Judas The Snitch Shittlesworth was right about one thing... the Celtics can never win the whole thing with Rondo out there... heck this year they couldn't win their division
Jdzspace::Judas never said that.....and we still have a chance to win the division for the record
Road dog Red::They won in spite of having that bum on the tem
Jdzspace::do you realize how ridiculous that sounds?  how do you win in spite of the guy leading the league in assists? in spite of the guy who has one of the best defensive ratings in the league? and in spite of the guy with on of the best FG% for guards?  that's insanity
Dwayne_Johnson23::Collins!
Road dog Red::Rondo SUX... with him they would still be LOSING
Dwayne_Johnson23::Seriously don't start.  Yea Rondo is frustrating at times, but the kid is legit in the playoffs
Jdzspace::don't even start with that nonsense
Dwayne_Johnson23::Stupid, Rondo and Sully are recovering from injuries
Jdzspace::I didn't say I wanted to see it right now.....just that i would like to see it.   this isn't the last year the Celtics will exist ya know
Road dog Red::I'd like a starting line up of KG, PP, Bass(ugh), Bradley and Crawford
Road dog Red::have a 2nd unit of Green, Terry, Lee, Wilcox and White
Jdzspace::I am still waiting to see him play at all, him and Randolph. we picked these guys up, but they have been available for the last 2 games....not a second of playing time
Jdzspace::how has crawford earned the right to start?
Jdzspace::yeah, Bass EARNED it by putting up 15-8 numbers the first few months he was on the team.   you have to EARN it, you cant just start...just because. especially in Boston
Road dog Red::If Bass can.. anyone can
Dwayne_Johnson23::Lee is doing just fine
Road dog Red::Bring lee and Terry off the bench
paulleena12::Hoping Crawford can contribute consistently like last night
Road dog Red::He definitely can.. and more
Dwayne_Johnson23::If he can consistently score 12 points a night, that'd be huge
Jdzspace::he can, i believe. but i think he's going to be maddening on a lot of nights too. because he is a shooter. and on some nights they will fall, others they won't
Road dog Red::On offense he's a threat.. on defense he has no clue... its like he's on skates out there
Jdzspace::he is super long, if he wanted to D someone up he could really bother some players with that length
Road dog Red::Dwayne_Johnson23 Then grow a pair Jd ================ Whoa... it's getting hot in here
Road dog Red::throw down the gloves.. lets get it ON
Road dog Red::ouch
Dwayne_Johnson23::I've been putting JD in his place for years now.  Nothing new
Dwayne_Johnson23::*you're
Jdzspace::you say that like you really believe it's true.......maybe your just not paying attention
Dwayne_Johnson23::WRONG!!!!
Jdzspace::spoiler alert: it is
Jdzspace::if my place is consistently in front of you......i agree
Road dog Red::Guys.. INDY is going DOWN tonight.. I guarantee it
Road dog Red::Timmmmm-BERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR the sound of Roy Hibbard getting cut down
Jdzspace::by who?
Road dog Red::we got em just where we want em.. overconfident
Jdzspace::I don't know, Indy is REALLY strong
Dwayne_Johnson23::Ok well if the CELTICS lose then you have to do something.  Like not log in for a week
Jdzspace::I dont do guarantees or predictions, almost everytime i have made a prediction about a Celtics game i've been wrong.   so i just keep it shut and let the C's play it out, and root for the win
Dwayne_Johnson23::Then grow a pair Jd
Jdzspace::I made no claims about the game one way or the other.
Road dog Red::and if they win.. you have to do something like... sing the praises of Road Dog Red like a baptist minister.. for 2 weeks
Jdzspace::no, something better. like change his picture to him wearing a Rondo jersey....that would be WAY better
Road dog Red::can Paul Pierce get any slower.. i mean REALLY?  yet still score
Road dog Red::I'm giving him mad props.. just laughing about it too
Dwayne_Johnson23::Shame on you
Road dog Red::its becoming comedy now. his spin move 365 days to complete and he still gets to the rim...lol
Jdzspace::he reminds me of Brad Miller's "fast break", where it would take him 7 seconds to get to the rim from the 3 point line and still score
Road dog Red::Jdzspace he still has the size we need, there is nobody who can do better than him on other 4s in the league.  ======================= JD... other fours have been KILLING him... DJ White CANNOT look worse than Bass has
Road dog Red::I am HIGH on Green stuff
Road dog Red::heck... I'll ARGUE with anybody...lol
Road dog Red::Never thought i'd miss Jason Collins
Jdzspace::there is a reason he kept getting minutes even though he never scored or rebounded very much
Dwayne_Johnson23::You're high
Road dog Red::Its IMPOSSIBLE to get bizznitch slapped worse than Bass has been by other 4's in the league..its like he doesn't have a phreaking clue of what to do out there
Jdzspace::it's nice to know i'm not the only person who thinks putting a smaller less aggressive player into the 4 is absolutely insane
Jdzspace::if a player doesn't hit the floor, it's because the coaches decided that they aren't good enough to play the game.   you want to argue with Doc Rivers? or do you think you know more about basketball than him?
Dwayne_Johnson23::And your solution is a less physical Jeff Green?
Jdzspace::wanna bet?  there is a reason Doc hasn't played him, apparently he disagrees with you
Road dog Red::From the Bleecher Report::: 'That the is an ideal starting lineup to be found in Bradley, Garnett, Green, Pierce and Terry, ' a million freaking stats and nerd speak to say what any Celtics fan can see with their own EYES
Jdzspace::it's a fans dream because they are our 5 best players, but that means nothing in terms of matchups and actual performance against another team
Jdzspace::and we would get DESTROYED against ANY team with a legit 4 with that lineup. look at how tiny that lineup is.   get real
Dwayne_Johnson23::Be nice
Jdzspace::Until we get a legit big so KG can slide back to the 4 spot, Bass will start. There is nobody on the team who has the size to play the 4 other than Bass. and that is just what it is
Road dog Red::Bass is a HUGE disappointment.. he's rebounding is non existent, his defense doesn't warrant him even being on the court... the only reason he is out there is because of his contract
Jdzspace::no, the only reason he's out there is because we have to matchup on other teams 4s who are bigger than anyone else.   i'm not sure what part of that you don't get. regardless of your opinion of his shot making and rebounding skills this year (which i agree with you, suck). we would get mauled on defense if we attempted to put anyone else in that spot. and it would make us WAY too small
Dwayne_Johnson23::oh boy
rondo2KG::Avery had a sick put-back dunk last night anyone see that?
Road dog Red::Bada BING
Road dog Red::Bass had just FOUR rebounds the whole game...and when he gets them he becomes Mr. Butter fingers and can't hold on to it His mind ISN'T on the game... he fudge packing it
Jdzspace::but we STILL need his size in the post on defense and offense. you have to understand that his scoring is bonus, just like past bigs we have had.
Jdzspace::he still has the size we need, there is nobody who can do better than him on other 4s in the league.
Road dog Red::He's TERRIBLE on defense. the small guys blow past him, the big guys take him to the hoop... ..
Road dog Red::Brandon Bass is killing the team
Big Dan 2773::Some folks will disagree, but the only team with a chance, based on past performances, to beat Miami in the NBA finals is Utah.
Road dog Red::They DO present a problem for Miami
Lebroncouldcareless::not even 2000 comments lol  the C's suck
deemee181::aye bro, why don't you do me a favor and $@%!.  And stop nut riding LeBron.
Cswillwin::tru fans no d*ck riders
bombina::So when do we get to see DJ White and Randolph play, seeing as they are on 10 day contracts? If they can't get any minutes vs. a Philly team, then I don't know when we will get to see them.
Lebroncouldcareless::LEBRON IS GOING  TO KILL  THESE BUMS
Cswillwin::lb bl*wjob aint mj
Lebroncouldcareless::LEBRON IS  NOT IMPRESSED!!
Heywood5150::The Sixers are an embarrassment to the storied history of Philadelphia basketball. Tony Dileo should be immediately fired for the Bynum fiasco ($17.5 million!!!)...they would be doing Doug Collins, a good man, a favor by firing him.
bbeaver288::Jeff Green Should start over brandon bass he plays about the same amount of time as Brandon bass and he scores like 2x as many points(:
rondo2KG::Bass is better defender/rebounder than Jeff Green.  Start Bass but bring in Green liberally off the bench.
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::Brandon bass does good of the bench, last season he did. If he was a starter we wouldn't have  to worry about the other teams bench cuz we'd be scoring like crazy
Dwayne_Johnson23::Jeff Green does work vs the other team's bench.  That's what gets him going.  We need him strictly off the bench.  Bass off the bench is no good
Dwayne_Johnson23:::)
Jhonathan Randazzo::Will the Celtiks make the postseason this year
bbeaver288::*Celtics
Jhonathan Randazzo:::)
Dribbird.::Well, they are a 1.5 games out of the 4th seed.  I think they have a chance.
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::Yeeee! Smashing on our rivals keeping our division on lock baby. Props to our Pitt Bull Bradley, he played like one
Jimmy30313::Boston should have won this by a lot more. So many turnovers and 2nd chance points
LigiRuiz::Philly should have won it. 17 more shots than Boston and still lose by 8, that's sad
Dribbird.::If the team who took more shots won, the New York Melo's would win every night.
Jimmy30313::Have you not heard of a little thing called defense? It's that thing that makes shots difficult.
nhraven52::Fighting for that 8 seed lol.
Jhonathan Randazzo::Jimmy Roasting R.e.t.a.r.d.s Teehee
CelticPatriot17::look at that intelligence at work.
Jimmy30313::Fighting for that 4th seed actually. Its really not hard to read the standings
Jimmy30313::If Bradley can be that efficient every night, he will be unstoppable
Jimmy30313::20+ points a game coupled with the best on ball defense in the league? Tell me how that is anything but logical
nhraven52::lol
FraternityPranksterMahmoodFikbooty::Clown
GodofAcid::What did I say, 110-97? Almost had it.
GreatnessRecords::Celtic Pride...http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g9w3qOzlE6I
GreatnessRecords::C's Baby...http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g9w3qOzlE6I
J-SMOOVE898989::this slobbering on avery bradleys knob is nauseating
Saaywuttdogg::get out hater and go slob on Lebron knob.  You do that best.
FraternityPranksterMahmoodFikbooty::You sir are an idiot
Jimmy30313::It was a joke clown
Jimmy30313::Is he not better than Gary Payton?
34BleedGreen25::I wonder if people are now starting to believe that the Perkins trade was a good trade with the way Green has come out.
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::Plus Jeff green is a stud, this is his first year with us. He just needs to adjust to playing now after his surgery plus rondo's out so we're a different team
Jdzspace::i always knew that was the right thing to do, Perk turned down the best offer Danny gave him.   what was Danny supposed to do?
34BleedGreen25::I don't understand how Bass went from a great year to a sub-par year.. i just dont get it.
mykal151::they are 12 and 4 without Rondo..Doc Likes the lineup the way it is.Green off of the bench, Bass starting.Why turn that around?would they be 16 and 0 with Green starting?
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::Yeah, I don't understand why he's starting. Jeff green should start, bass does better of the bench. Jeff green is a legit starter!
pxc22::last yr in the playoffs i thought lavoy played pretty good defense on garnett and he gets 3 min tonight? and royal ivey should not be in the nba.
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::Ha!!!lol
lynaisa24::i kno lavoy he used to date my cousion
Jimmy30313::Date your cushion?
paulleena12::Good Night Celtics Fan. Talk to you all tomorrow.  Go C's !!!
FraternityPranksterMahmoodFikbooty::you are a faeg
paulleena12::76ers had 19 offensive rebounds and we had 22 turnovers.
Roll to 15::oh, of course.
Jdzspace::i hate it when we give up so many O boards.....it's never a pretty game when we do that
paulleena12::Agreed.  Great Foundation to add pieces to.
Jdzspace::we miss Sully and we miss Rondo......but i think that this works too. Avery is going to be so much better by the time Rondo comes back, we will have such an incredible YOUNG backcourt. we have so many REALLY good pieces.   it's very good
paulleena12::We miss Sullinger.
Jdzspace::I see our defense wasn't that great, when was the last time we gave up 100 pts?
Saaywuttdogg::I'd say they did pretty good considering they gave up 22 turnovers and the Sixers took more shots but still lost by 8.  They should have won but the D held it down.
paulleena12::Jeff Green has become very reliable and gives us consistent performance in every game.
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::Yeah I believe he's the x-factor, he's so versatile and still young. If we keep him along with Rondo, Bradley, Sullinger and T-Will. Our future would be pretty bright
Jdzspace::it was only a matter of time until he got consistent
Roll to 15::that was a good win for the C's!!! tonight.
Roll to 15::yep, a loss.
zeller2395::idiot
Jdzspace::is there such a thing as a bad win?
Roll to 15::C's!!!! with a great win tonight needed it and got it 6th seed here we come, and did Ya'll see Pierce going in to the 76ers huddle that WAS GREAT!!!!!
Cswillwin::watch wade n bron start doin the same thing, they always bite off of the Cs
Jdzspace::other than Avery being a BEAST!!
Jdzspace::Well, i guess we can't blame Rondo for the turnovers tonight....yipes.   I missed it today, what are the highlights?
paulleena12::These turnovers we could overcome tonight but against a better team, it would have cost us.
Jdzspace::I hope he does
paulleena12::Crawford also gave us a great boost and all around game for 16 minutes.  He will definitely help this team.
Jdzspace::fortunatley it was just the Sixers.....i saw Avery's stat line...crazy
iamjayee::Okay, CELTICSSSS!!!!!!!!
--Td4mvp3 -::Man the Lakers are an eyesore to watch...they're such a discombolulated team with terrible chemistry..they can barely score, they cant defend, they cant rebound and they're slow to every loose ball....this lousy team aint gonna make the playoffs
Celtics are too good::no cares about the Lakers tey are irrelevant
--Td4mvp3 -::ANY TEAM IN THE NBA COULD HAVE CAME BACK AND WON AGAINST THE THUNDER TONIGHT EVEN THE BOBCATS, BUT NOT THE LAKERS...WHAT A JOKE IF A TEAM
