Steveforprez04::All the Clippers have to do is take one game in Memphis.  The Grizz will not win a game at Staples.
lord have mercy on my soul::so the clippers get swept... chris paul forces vinny del negro out... then chris paul and blake griffin leave the following summer after 2 first round exits
CandySparker::I like Jason Teddy.
LAisTitleTown::All you TeddyBear fans are in for a really rude awakening! Clippers w/CP3 is gonna bite you folks in the @$$!!! I saw every game between these two and trust me....the griz have match up problems especially on the bench! Lob City in full effect in this series.
balltillifall_88::oh so you are talkin about the sames you seen where z-bo missed 37 games and we havent been healthy until like a week ago? lol. flop city should be scared. especially after hearing your $@%!$@ bag announcers talkin about the grizz getting "lucky" in last years playoffs.
lord have mercy on my soul::lol yea its gona be a sweep
scrapnice::Dude, are you serious?  The Clippers are the least of our worries.  Until Fake Griffin develops a game more than 5 feet from the rim, Clips will be just another team heading in the playoffs for first round exits.  And Flop Paul, never really is able to get off against the grizz.....as for the Grizz's bench, they are built from the playoffs.  The Grizz are gonna sweep the Clips just by experience alone.
robbienahm::I &lt;3 this grizzliebear fans are doubting lob city #idiots
balltillifall_88::this isnt twitter
chitownbullsinseven::I’ve been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for  anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and is tired of not winning your bets
MemphisFan4Life21::Goodnight Grizzlies Fans &amp; Supporters! See you guys Sunday! =)
Adrian5371::Lakers fan here...but all of you clowns discounting the Clippers in a projected sweep are smoking some good stuff. I see this going 6 to 7 easily...   Also, don't be surprised if the Clippers win this round.
Adrian5371::Your default did enough talking. Go to bed.
Uncle_Rico24::Did I stutter? SWEEP!
Uncle_Rico24::The Clippers are going to get clip by Memphis. Sweep!
ViolentBuffalo::The Clippers are done. Don Sterling and the Clippers will be irrelevant again.
DwayneWadeIsTheREALKing::Flop Griffin about to get exposed. He better tell his sister deandre to not whine about how physical the playoffs are.
tideprankster::home court first time ever... not 1000 comments go grizzleds
knight_rider_2002::everybody is out par-taying
Jason_ninenine::Lol.. Clippers don't even have home court now.. nice finish from the Grizz winning six straight. Have fun Clippers
Mr Calogero::West Predictions, tell me what you think: Spurs 4 Jazz 0 Grizzlies 4 Clippers 3 OKC 4 Mavs 2 Lakers 4 Denver 2  Spurs 3 Grizzlies 4 OKC 4 Lakers 2  OKC 4 Grizzlies 2
machinegunkelley80::said the same thing last year and yeah manu was hurt but so was rudy
balltillifall_88::plus the grizz are a MUCH better team this year and are MUCH deeper
devilman425::Spurs are too tough for Memphis but it will be a decent series. I have what you have except for SA beating Memphis in round 2. 6 or 7 games in that series though.
knight_rider_2002::8:30 central time
utclindsay::thanks for the update!!
knight_rider_2002::for shure
knight_rider_2002::8:30 tip off
utclindsay::pm right???
utclindsay::yes!! I will get my zzzzzzzssssss
knight_rider_2002::yes
utclindsay::It's been fun.. see everyone on the board Sunday and hopefully the Grizz are ready to play the flip floppers
utclindsay::What time is the game on Saturday??
grizz0957::9pm
zdrawkcabssa::i dont think times have been announced yet
utclindsay::Hope it does not start early in Phoenix..need my zzzzzzss, but Phoenix is on LA time, so it should not be that early.
knight_rider_2002::sunday sunday sunday!!!
utclindsay::dislike :(
knight_rider_2002::well they did say it could start earlier than usual
knight_rider_2002::not set yet
utclindsay::I hope not early! I like my zzzzzz'sss on the weekends!!
utclindsay::what time??????
knight_rider_2002::I BELIEVE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
knight_rider_2002::starting to feel the same vibe for Grizz as the Tigers
greenmagnum::I see z.bo finally started
utclindsay::hellz yeah!!!
knight_rider_2002::Clippers basketball is sponsored by Lob City, where anything besides a dunk equals fail
utclindsay::Clipper basketball sponsored by flip flop city..
knight_rider_2002::my bad
LTBearcats12::what is the playoff schedule?  I know it's 2 2 1 1 1, but where are there days off in between?
RodStonesRod::the shortened season has nothing to do with the playoff format
grizz_gurl_84::its usually every other day until they switch cities. so game 1, off, game 2, off, off game 3, off, game 4, off, game 5, off, game 6, off off game 7.....sum lyke that
utclindsay::That is usually the case, but not sure this year due to the shortened season.
utclindsay::yes.. Usually 1 -2 days. Not sure about this year though
Benjamayne::duh
RCmemphis::good luck in the grindhouse.......go griz
P_52::Griffin: "I can't wait to dunk in the playoffs." Reporter: "What about winning?" Griffin: "Eh."
grizz_gurl_84::lmao!!!!!!!
MemphisCUSA::Should be a great series.....Memphis is excited....big to get home court with a LA team
openminded43::I will bet the Magic led the League on road 2B2B's.
Tiger4lyfe::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sw6-HGxCKSo   This pretty much sums up the Clips Grizz series and what to expect, sad but true
PacerFan19a::Good luck to Memphis in the playoffs. Even after your run in the playoffs last year nobody gives you enough respect. I would love both of us to make deep runs this year and show ESPN there are  more than 5 teams in the league.
gasol1883::Yea thanks, Pacers are one of my fav teams. Lots of talent on that squad, and they play the right way.
grizz_gurl_84::thanks same to ur team...yea we dont get any respect here but were used to it...
grizz_gurl_84::great game grizz!! OAN: somewhere in LA: "come on guys get ur script right!" we only have a few more days of practice and its show time" they thought Day Breakers was good. well they will love DAY FLOPPERS. starring : Flake Griffin, Christine Paula, MO-ther Williams and Karon the "Butler" tickets go on sale one day next week. come see what we have been working on all year! -----Vinny Del Negro and Company
PacerFan19a::See you Saturday Orlando.
utclindsay::ZBo orders breakfast Clerk: what would you like to order for breakfast Zbo: Can I have 1 Blake Griffin flip flop and 1 CP3 Clerk. We will get that right out for you
keyvinnn::Clips are all about highlights and dunks. They will be lucky to even see game 6 against the Grizz. Grizzlies at 5
knight_rider_2002::"now thats acting boys, cut! I mean time out"- Vinny Del Negro
knight_rider_2002::Said I went to London and met the queen, she heard I was a nupe and made me king..................
utclindsay::Blake Griffin will be breakfast for Zach Randolph and maybe some lunch leftovers too!!
knight_rider_2002::flop city flop flop city
utclindsay::It's flip flop city.
P_52::"Good luck Memphis, we are rooting for you."  - Every non Clipper fan
utclindsay::you mean every laker fan..lol
ArtieSullivan::LOB CITY in 4
pedrobear1::self liker
ArtieSullivan::self like + 1
masala716::wait speights started? Grizzlies are toast.
FireChrisChase::nope
pedrobear1::he didn't
pedrobear1::TA suffocates CP3
masala716::zach randolph will eat blake griffin alive.  I got Grizz in 5.
grizz0957::Go Grizz ..
utclindsay::I wonder how many times Blake Griffin will flip and Flop vs. the Grizzlies in the series. I might lose count!
pedrobear1::not worth counting
Chris31708::At least the Magic bench tried to make a comeback, the Heat bench just threw in the towel and took the $@% whooping. Lol and they're supposed to be a championship contending team, how pathetic.
NUPE-NUPE-NUPE::Liggins &amp; Harper really impressed me tonight. Can't wait to see what they do next year after an off season with Otis. Can't deny Otis does a great job of making players physically NBA ready.
utclindsay::Is the grizzlies/ Flip floppers game on TV?? ESPN?? TNT??
pedrobear1::tnt most likely they hold the western conference
TheCronoMasterMind::I would assume TNT.
pedrobear1::bobcats lose
Tiger4lyfe::Bobcats should replace their starting 5 with UK starting 5 in the draft....
utclindsay::and that surprises who???
utclindsay::I think this is the Grizz year!!!!!!!!
MemphisFan4Life21::So excited! Can't wait to attend the game Sunday! Grit N Grind! Go Grizzlies!
ima brave falcon hawk::you are fine as hell
A10Rebel::That's a dude...
NUPE-NUPE-NUPE::I'm still waiting on you to give me your number. Hurry up before I don't want it no more.
MemphisFan4Life21::Lol huh?
