arross76::At first, I thought the Sixers low rebound totals were a major setback.  However, thinking on it now, the reason why they give up a number of offensive rebounds is because they are playing such tenacious defense.  There's hardly a time when someone is standing still enough to get into a proper box-out position.  Whereas for many teams this could be the downfall, a lot of times this offensive rebound just turns into another poor shot for the other team.  So stats definitely don't tell the whole story here! Great win by the Sixers
WhyUHatin47::I still cant believe this was Igoudala's first ASG. Hes been a stud since 07-08
marcpru60::rough game for pistons, very... ouch well, at least Monroe and Charlie V played to their abilities
CandySparker::Hola Lotta Love!
Metta__World__Hate::You are fucking embarrassing, Pistons.
CoreyBlair31::The Kings are the FUTURE of the NBA!!!  http://sportsblogette.blogspot.com/2012/02/kings-royalty-in-sacramento.html
Blazelover13::I'm just glad Doug Collins is alright, and I'm proud of ending that dreaded five-game losing streak. I don't care WHO they played; ending a losing streak is always a huge relief. Looks like the Sixers will pick up right where they started at the beginning of this season. Loved the balanced offense, as always, and I LOVED all the steals and blocks. Not so thrilled with the high number of turnovers, but it's been a few days, so they're a bit rusty. I expect a good game against the Thunder tomorrow. The Sixers will win, since the Thunder is similar to Chicago and Philly handled them with ease. But, all the same, can't wait for the second half of the season and for Philly to get that 3rd seed and go far in the playoffs! GO SIXERS!
roundmoundgtown::Yeah it's nice we got the win over the Pistons ( another sub 500 team) but what is Dougie's love fest with Meeks playin him 36 min?!? I like Meeks but he shouldn't even be startin (Evan should) and Dougie NOT seeing this will lead to the Sixers being put in a BODYBAG by the heavyweights of the world startin with the Thunder tomorrow
arross76::They were discussing Jodie on the radio before.  If you didn't start him, at what point would he ever make it into the game?? Evan provides spark off the bench.  If you don't start Jodie, you shorten your bench.  He gives you the opportunity (if he's hot) of giving you a fast start.  A reason for his 36 minutes last night could be because he will see limited time tonight in a back-to-back.  Many guys had their minutes slashed because of this, but he didn't.  They were up by 30 for much of the 2nd half.  I don't think this is anything to worry over.
roundmoundgtown::That's a good question as to when Meeks would get in the game if he came off the bench- he's a hell of a shooter so u play him in spots where u wanna push the lead from 6-12 or 10-20 with the style the sixers run trust me he'll get his shine.. We drafted Evan #2 so we might as well see what we got b4 Doug pulls a Rip hamilton and trades him away.. I think the kid can flat out ball
allcitypics::Jodie starting made since when Spencer was out there at Center but it doesn't make sense right now with the new lineup.
salemram15::Jodie spreads the floor which creates room in the low post and lanes for wings to slash to the rack. He got a lot of minutes because the game was well within hand. His increaded work load tonight ment that other players got a little extra rest going into the OKC game. You must of failed to noticed meeks isnt in the game if the scores close coming down the stretch unless his 3 ball is sinking in that particular game. Its not about who starts the game, its about who finishes. Doug knows what hes doing.
roundmoundgtown::U can drink the Dougie juice if u want but he's makin a huge mistake not starting Turner over Meeks.. Meeks is under sized AND one dimensional at the 2- this is what leads us to our slow starts which are often over shadowed by the excellent play of our bench.. Dougie might look like a genius to most but havin 3 of your top 4 scorers comin off the bench is a ridiculous strategy and will prove to b flawed at the end.
joegtheog71::Best thing the Bulls did in the post-Jordan era was get rid of Ben Gordon.
PhilliesFlyersEagles::Team basketball and defense at its finest! Way to go boys!
Turner_41::how does Boston keep losing to Detroit.  They are just abysmal...
MadmanMark14::Pistons are quietly one of the worst teams in the league this year
jefftuttlesr::Quietly? I think it's pretty LOUD &amp; CLEAR Mark!!!! T-E-R-R-I-B-L-E!!!
minn twin::Pistons boi! Move it boi.
RollThunder35::Good Philly won tonight, cuz they are LOSING tomorrow!!!!!!
Blazelover13::Keep saying that, and when Philly wins, you'll be eating your words. Lightning doesn't strike twice in the same place, so once the Thunder lose to the Sixers, that'll thankfully be the only time they see them this season.  Wow, that was a bad analogy. My bad.
lsheiner15::i know jordans better than leBron but this article did a damn good job of convincing me otherwise and now i kinda think LEBRON MIGHT BE BETTER THEN JORDAN, give me ur opinion http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
Claude Giroux28::the highlight for the pistons this game was stuckey almost dunking on brand
Crunk Juice---UGA::Rip Hamilton and Isaiah Thomas arent walking through that door any time soon...
sethbball20::I was thinking about attending a Pistons game this year. I think I'll save my money for an extra Lions game next year or an extra UM football game instead.
jefftuttlesr::My kids tried to get me to go to tonight's game. I ask, WHAT FOR?
umfan1993::Red Wings?
picaac15::Tigers? I hear theyre gonna be good
sethbball20::Much respect for the work Doug Collins has done with Philly. I have always liked him and I knew he would be good for that organization. The dude can just flat out coach.
pappydiving222::Got the Pistons on LOCKDOWN!  Now that's how you kick a losing streak!
Heat or Die::Much respect to both 76ers and Pistons organization... Classy and I hope the Pistons get it together soon... 76ers see you guys in the playoffs
sethbball20::If there's one thing I liked this year about the Pistons, I would say their effort has been great. That changed tonight.
sethbball20::Pistons players deserve to get things thrown at them after that performance. What the hell do they call that? A would have rather had a high school team go out there, at least they would give a better effort than what the Pistons did tonight.
MirBay_Watson::Yeah. I'm surprised Joe D hasn't been fired yet. Sucks. They used to be guardians of the East.
PHILAFANinVA::until they traded billups for AI. that was such a horrible trade. "WHAT WERE YOU THINKING?"
Heat or Die::Thumbs up!!! That effort was horrible and unexcusable... they showed no pride for their fans and organization
jefftuttlesr::getting paid $1.00 to do what the Pistons did tonight "makes me sick" Seth!!
sethbball20::Get paid millions of dollars to do that. Makes me sick.
DetKool-Aid::good game sixers, I pray everything is ok with coach Collins
Frank Reynolds 6::Thanks good luck to your team.
FlyGuys623::good game detroit fans. peace. lets go flyers
Frank Reynolds 6::Night dude.
SpartyWinger::Didn't watch the game, but how many fans were there throughout the game??? How many fans right now? Ten, maybe?
Frank Reynolds 6::It was hard to tell they hired Andy Reid to make it look crowded
FlyGuys623::i dont want to know how many points elson is averaging
Frank Reynolds 6::Jimmy Rollins would love us to believe he turned  down a 10 year one billion dollar contract lol. He did not say that.
Dr. Desk Fan::hah
FlyGuys623::lets get 100
potato623::Big Macs, Big Mac, Big Mac....wait we aren't home...damn
FlyGuys623::haha
Frank Reynolds 6::Anyone going to that wilt give away on Friday
potato623::I'm trying...
Frank Reynolds 6::Pretty cool give away. I want to see if they will allow people to purchase it
ControlledChaos123::Soooo close to 100 points
DetKool-Aid::put in austin daye! lol perfect time for him to get a little run
DetKool-Aid::right on cue
N.E.Phillyfan::Do the 76ers got this??
FlyGuys623::nah
N.E.Phillyfan::Just kidden Fly....GO SIXERS
Anthony Davis Eyebrow::what ever happened to the phillies prospect Carlos Carassco i though he was supposed to be good
FlyGuys623::pretty sure he got traded to cleveland in the cliff lee deal
Frank Reynolds 6::Jimmy Rollins had his annual running of his mouth today
ControlledChaos123::What did he say? I missed it.
Frank Reynolds 6::I did not watch the whole thing yet. But it was like how much money he turned down to stay here.
dallascwby94::daily
FlyGuys623::annual? lol
Frank Reynolds 6::Sorry every spring training interview. But every day of the season. This was this big BS one that he has
DetKool-Aid::man dont know whats wrong with collins but just thought Id update
noelito69::NEED TO BE STUPID TO FOLLOW TEAM LIKE THE PISTONS .   ANY COLLEGE TEAM BEAT THIS CRAP.
DetKool-Aid::lmao its called not being a fair weathered fan. I was a fan in 89, 04 and today...and I will always be. every team goes through rebuilding.   besides the pistons have the 5th most wins in NBA history and 4th most championships
Anthony Davis Eyebrow::I've heard a several time phillies are trying to get david wright.
FlyGuys623::no more trading prospects
Frank Reynolds 6::All we have is pitching prospects. Ed wade will clean that up.
FlyGuys623::i feel bad for j.a. happ
Frank Reynolds 6::Yea that is kind of sad.
Frank Reynolds 6::Meredith sucks at finding out what is wrong with Doug
ControlledChaos123::She's like a generic Beyonce.
PHILLY FAN 2496::Peace boys. A nice W. I hope I can stay awake during the Flyers game as well. Good basketball/baseball/poitics talk tonight.
Frank Reynolds 6::Good night
Frank Reynolds 6::Trade Dom brown to the Astros for the prospects we gave up for pence lol
ControlledChaos123::LOL. I'd pull the trigger on that in a heartbeat.
FlyGuys623::i'd do that
Anthony Davis Eyebrow::Greg Monroe has as many assists as the Pistons Guards
DetKool-Aid::because we have no jump shooters and no one is finishing at the rim....when they do hit shots pistons guards get assist
FlyGuys623::we needed this game
ControlledChaos123::Definitely. Gotta beat Golden State on Friday too.
Frank Reynolds 6::O no we don't know yet
Dr. Desk Fan::Don't know yet.
-flyers-::is ed wade still with the astros?
PHILLY FAN 2496::no he works for the Phillies again
Frank Reynolds 6::We rehired him lol
eddy620125::I hope Charlotte beats Detroit tomorrow that'll be a laugh
Frank Reynolds 6::Not going to happen
PHILLY FAN 2496::Phillies please please please trade Dom Brown!!!!!!! He will not be a good player!!!!!!!!!
bluedevils1148::Might as well try to make him worth something. Because right now, he isn't.
ControlledChaos123::Ed Wade took the farm to Houston.
Frank Reynolds 6::I only what to trade him for a good third baseman or a lot of minor league guys. The farm is hurting
Dr. Desk Fan::I agree.
Frank Reynolds 6::He has to have a good year a triple a
Dr. Desk Fan::I'm not sure if he is worth that right now.
eddy620125::pistons sucks losing for the third straight time this season?
DetKool-Aid::lmao you late to the party. yeah pistons are a rebuilding lottery team much like the sixers were not to long ago
FlyGuys623::do you guys think juan pierre will make the team
FlyGuys623::we dont have enough speed so i would say yes too. he used to kill us when he was with the marlins
Frank Reynolds 6::I know him and Willis were great with them. Hopefully they magically go back to that
PHILLY FAN 2496::ya. Pitch runner
Dr. Desk Fan::If D.Brown does not impress during spring training I say yes
Frank Reynolds 6::I hope so.
