KOBEoverLBJ::spread that Laker Kobe HATE
Hot.Pockets--::beating the magic for the pacers is like winning a title. and by the way they have never won a title . lol
JollySwagman27::Go Pacers!
Mieryekit::REYNALDO BALKMAN..(former NBA player in Knicks &amp; Nuggets) CHOKE his teammate!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0bmGR2YDa1I
KJsactown::Ive been following a system for betting on sports called Sportsbettingstar. Im making around 2-3K a month proifts using this systems picks. I have be on sports a long time and this is one of the best systems I have seen
Im Not Impressed::41 6 12
KJsactown::Using a bet system called sportsbettingstar. Ive made 3K a month the past 3 months using this systems picks. If you bet sports you have to see this system go
KJsactown::Been using a bet system called sportsbettingstar the past few months. Im making around 2-3k a month profits using this systems picks. You can find the system on the first page of google by searching for sports betting systems. If you bet at all on sports you got to see this
XaxicDursTV::pacers suckck
Jeff 315::Using a bet system called sportsbettingstar. Im making around 3K each month using its picks for betting sports. You will find the system on the front page of google when searching for sports betting systems. If you bet on sports this system will make you $
Jeff 315::Been using a bet system named sportsbettingstar. Ive made over 3K a month the past few months using this systems bets. You can find the system on the first page of google by searching for sports betting systems
17InARowHaters::^^^ :) ^^^ ^^^ :) ^^^ ^^^ :) ^^^ ^^^ :) ^^^ ^^^ :) ^^^ ^^^ :) ^^^
PaulGeorgeisFuture::About to be snapped
toxciti::I am the best player on the looneys
lovedatbeach::Magic got robbed by refs in 4th Q vs Heat. everyone could see the replays. sad day for the NBA
PaulGeorgeisFuture::The Heat can't stop David West, no one on their team can guard him
jlandis1982::The best number in Tyler's stat line tonight....minutes. He put up all those numbers in 20 min. Everyone talks trash about hum but truth is, every team needs a player like him. Some of the most important things he does dont show up in the box score...deflections, diving for loose balls ect. Sunday will be a good game in what will surely be a playoff atmosphere. Maybe the first game this season that Miami feels like they have to win just to prove to themselves they can protect their home court against the Pacers. The Pacers are the most legitimate threat to Miami in the playoffs. Winning two at home means little if they cant steal one on the road.
HeatManZE.......::see you indiana inbreds on sunday..for your whopping..lets go heat
NealIndy::I would really like to know how you've reached the conclusion that us northerners are somehow fond of in-breading? Your stereotype is extremely misguided. Do you even realize how badly Florida has been branded with a laundry list of stereotypes? Now, scurry off before you miss out on the primo golf cart parking at your shuffle board tournament in the multipurpose center. I hear they're serving creamed corn tonight! :P
boilerforlife6969::that would be kentucky
jlandis1982::Coming from someone in Florida....a state with more trailer parks per capita than where us 'Inbreds' here in Indianer have
PaulGeorgeisFuture::Paul George is about to lead Indy to the W
MasterOfLogic::lol Heat announcer goes crazy on every play the Heat make
SPORTS-TALK- 1-ON-1::Pacers could be the team  give so called the Heat ,run for there money in playoffs
Taco still needs a Q::Pacers took them to 6 last year, why not upset this year.  This is a better Pacers team than last year.   Dont tell me the Heat got better with Ray Allen.  Dude hasnt been even close the player he once was
vonsteve6868::Realistically there are two teams that can keep the Heat from winning another ring. And the Pacers are one of them.
trizzo23::no...just...no
caseyhall410::Not with David Stern in charge of the NBA, sorry.
Taco still needs a Q::Indeed!
vonsteve6868::If the probable happens and the Pacers meet the Heat in the playoffs, I will be your biggest fan. BTW, it's time for a new logo.
sldmitch::If you love the pinstripes you should love the logo as is.
claporga023::Keep the classic logo. Indiana is kind of old-fashioned, but there is nothing wrong with throwbacks.
vonsteve6868::Just my opinion, but it doesn't look truly classic to me. It looks lost in the late 70's/early 80's. But if the fan base loves it, that's all that matters. No need to change it if you guys like it (and are buying jerseys).
vonsteve6868::Those were cool. I wasn't talking about jerseys as much as I was logo, personally.
MasterOfLogic::I would like the pinstripe jerseys back.
Taco still needs a Q::NOOOO the Pacers logo is a classic one!  DO NOT CHANGE IT
MasterOfLogic::I like the classic look.
MasterOfLogic::I like the classic look.
PaulGeorgeisFuture::they need to give it a more modern look
PaulGeorgeisFuture::I agree, they need to upgrade the logo a bit, not completely change it, just edit it
OPENLYUGLY::Magic probably knocked BUTT HURT Mark's team out of the playoffs a few times or so.
Elton7323::he's a bobcats fan what do u expect
OPENLYUGLY::Them or Hawks. That Spurs thing is total BS. Spurs fans have nothing with the Magic.
trizzo23::at least magic make it to the finals 2 times in 20 years....have pacers even been there in there 40 plus years?...not yet ha
trizzo23::so 1 time in what 50 years?
Taco still needs a Q::Face it, you lose
Taco still needs a Q::Pacers were an ABA team in the 70's with 3 ABA titles, but try again
ngabrek::the comeback going back to history is the last resort for a fan...
Taco still needs a Q::Ah
caseyhall410::My post was mainly to ngabrek. The others said what needed to be said to him.
Taco still needs a Q::Your fellow fan Trizz sure was, so we had to smack him with knowledge
caseyhall410::Glad all you sleeping giants woke up. Cause I know you weren't talking for the last decade.
Elton7323::yeah they did make it that year
Taco still needs a Q::Year 2000 dumba.ss
Taco still needs a Q::SO YES!  HA!!
mark48424::How about I make it easier for you, kids? I am a Spurs fan. We havent missed the playoffs in 15+ years...never lost in the Finals....and build the right way through the draft. Wanna make fun of my team?
Giv.Brees. Sum.MVPees::Why are you here?
leo9212::I didn't know Spurs fans are like you.
mark48424::Now you do.
OPENLYUGLY::Texas should SECEDE from the Union! BYE!
OPENLYUGLY::HELL NO, we'd throw a FREAKIN' party! And take the rest of the Bible Belt States with you!
mark48424::I wish we would...you would cry.
OPENLYUGLY::DO IT! I won't stop you!
mark48424::LMAO
RabbiLevine::Don't worry Orlando by the time your "rebuilding" plan gets realized, Vucavic will be well on his way to Dallas. The cycle continues....
OPENLYUGLY::Or the League will be contracted to 8 teams.
leo9212::what is you team? I am just curious
mark48424::Maybe we can land another stud in the draft and lose him to the Lakers. That would be great.   -Orlando Magic
OPENLYUGLY::48424 a ZIP CODE?
mark48424::look it up
Taco still needs a Q::As a Pacers fan, your annoying the hell out of me trolling a team I dont even like
Taco still needs a Q::I know thats what it is
mark48424::yeah...thats what it is...
Taco still needs a Q::Lol I know you don't, trolling a bad team just tells you about your low and deflated self esteem
Elton7323::he is probably an upset bobcats fan
mark48424::I dont really care what you think
OPENLYUGLY::That's the NBA plan.
OPENLYUGLY::We're just glad YOU CARE! :-)
mark48424::Thats the Orlando Way
Momma of Poppa Peter::Why do other Pacer fans not appreciate Plumlee? He's rough, but we don't need major contributions from him as a rookie this year. The shooting coach hasn't been able to work with him, but he's trying his best down in the D-league. We've got a lot of quality bigs with Hibbert, West, Mahinmi, Psycho T, and Pendergraphsanity already this year. He's got amazing potential being 7 feet tall with a 40 inch vertical...
leo9212::can't expect a rookie to get that many minutes. I don't hate him or like him. Need to see him play more often to figure out what he is. Hansbourgh is more likely gone after this season. We have to pay west this offseason. Unless Hansbrough signs with us for less no way we can keep him. But yeah i see us developing him for the future.
Taco still needs a Q::BC their was better players on the board than Plumlee
Momma of Poppa Peter::Taco still needs a Q - Green actually contributes for the Warriors  32% fg shooting. Nuff said and that's with regular minutes. If Plumlee had regular minutes I'm sure he'd do better. Plus Plumlee gets 4 mpg and 1.5 reb while Green gets 14 mpg and 3.5 reb. Plumlee &gt; Green. At least at this point.
Taco still needs a Q::Green actually contributes for the Warriors
Momma of Poppa Peter::Such as? Many of the suggested picks before the draft for us have turned out yet either. PJIII has been a bust thus far, Plumlee has better stats. Draymond Green shoots under 40% or something awful like that. Orlando Johnson's the only one that comes to mind.
MasterOfLogic::He's like another Hansbrough... not needed.
Momma of Poppa Peter::But he has more size and potential than Hansbrough... Plus, I'm unsure if we'll even bring back Hansbrough after this season
mark48424::You Magic fans are classic...you lose by 29 and think your GM has you headed in the right direction.
trizzo23::pacers rebuilding since 96...lol
Taco still needs a Q::Yet we made the finals in 2000???
trizzo23::yet magic have top 4 in playoff app..since magic got a team...not bad
Elton7323::lol this guy doesnt understand the concept of rebuilding for the future which orlanodo has done countless times.
trizzo23::sure do....playing 5 rookies 3 second yr guys...and 30 mill in cap next summer...top 3 pick this summer...yes looking great ..thank you
RabbiLevine::Struggling for Florida's attention NBA wise. Remember this is the same area of the country that still believes Tebow has upside. Run with that....
Elton7323::thats jacksonville people in orlando dont care for tebow
OPENLYUGLY::This is CENTRAL FLORIDA, not NORTHERN FLORIDA IDIOT!
OPENLYUGLY::The team was just TORN APART! What condition do YOU expect it to be in FOOL?
mark48424::17 wins...LMAO
trizzo23::pacers cant even sell out..with record they have...sell team to seattle..fans dont care
leo9212::I see pacers are representing in Orlando good to see.
Rexanilatorz::guess its time to watch the Heat game
MasterOfLogic::I never understood how somebody like mark48424 could stoop so low as to troll a lottery team.... did he score a low grade in troll school and was not allowed to get the big jobs such as trolling Miami or the Lakers?
caseyhall410::He can not get the recognition there because his attempts of trolling are so pathetic he gets over looked in the big boards.
OPENLYUGLY::BUTT HURT fan of either the Bobcats or Hawks is my guess.
mark48424::umad?
Taco still needs a Q::Hope the Jazz can somehow beat the Bulls tonight
Elton7323::which pg to draft this year.
Elton7323::for some scary reason he reminds me of jameer i dont know about that. but him or smart
Rexanilatorz::trey burke?
mark48424::Magic and their fans are a joke and they dont like it. LMAO. Their GM is the biggest laughingstock in the NBA for the trash he got for Howard.
Elton7323::wth u talking about the moves he did were great moves right now our cap is down and we got young talent u need to chill.
mark48424::LMAO
OPENLYUGLY::What's the GM's name?
Elton7323::this proves ur an idiot  lol u cant even troll properly
OPENLYUGLY::See, you DON'T EVEN KNOW! SEE YA!
mark48424::McMoron?
MasterOfLogic::Nets are choking against the Wiz lol.... 27-point lead down to 13.
CPBalltheway12::The wiz is a legit team, now that they have wall
caseyhall410::and Beal is playing how people expected him to play
leo9212::Magic future is going to be Vucevic. They need scoring two and three. If they can draft good scorer in the draft they will slowly rebuild. They have good pieces to work with.
caseyhall410::There are so many Pgs that have come out in recent years, we will get one. I really see Henngian's plan coming together perfectly. Nelson will be a mentor for whoever we get. Team is right where we need to be to get picks. Things are going well for us really.
Momma of Poppa Peter::I like the Magic + Otto Porter/Oladipo + some other young talent
leo9212::yeah i think if you guys get oladipo he can be that lock down defense and slasher you guys need.
OPENLYUGLY::POINT GUARD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
OPENLYUGLY::WE CAN GET THE SCORING IF WE HAD A PG TO "RUN" THE OFFENSE!
leo9212::yeah i agree but you need scoring from the 2 and 3. even though Nelson is not great i think we can work for 2 or 3 years.
RabbiLevine::Easy win. Stay in the gutter Orlando, you got smoked. No sympathy....
trizzo23::malace in palace
Taco still needs a Q::Yeah 10 years ago, those $@%! arent even close to being the team they are now
RabbiLevine::Clever. You must run the loop de loop at Disney. Is that a union gig?
trizzo23::classless thugs...pacers wont get passed 2nd rd...ist rd next year no playoffs next year...
Taco still needs a Q::Lol thugs?   Do some research son before you open your mouth
RabbiLevine::Just like we weren't getting past you last year. Go home...
Elton7323::its called tanking, players wasnt even playing 100%
trizzo23::still mad magic knocked reggie out of playoffs...lol
leo9212::why are you mocking a team that is already down.
caseyhall410::I honestly think you might be the only person in the world that "hates" the Magic. We have never even won a title, what is there to hate?
RabbiLevine::On here every game. Hate your team hate your fanbase.
caseyhall410::He is a troll. Let him be. That is all the pleasure they can get out of life. It is a very sad epidemic anymore.
MasterOfLogic::Pacers starters played solid minutes but also get plenty of rest for Sunday's game.... while it looks like Wade and LeBron will have to work their butts off again tonight.
mark48424::Get rid of the Magic...their fans and GM are a joke. They dont belong in the NBA
caseyhall410::you sir, are a sad excuse for a human being
OPENLYUGLY::We're just glad you created a brand new account just to degrade the Magic.
OPENLYUGLY::We're just glad you created a brand new account just to degrade the Magic.
caseyhall410::lol I called you sir. You clearly do not understand sarcasm lmao
mark48424::obviously you arent laughing...you are offended. LMAO
caseyhall410::I only laugh at trolls like you. Not for what you say, but for what you do with your life.
mark48424::umad, kid?
geefan23::pacers didnt struggle with the magic unlike the heat
Are we human. Or are we dancer::any pacers fans still pissed we took plumlee over perry jones the 3rd?
Taco still needs a Q::Im pissed we picked Plumlee at all, OJ is clearly the better rookie
Momma of Poppa Peter::Heck no. I never was
Momma of Poppa Peter::Are we human. Or are we dancer - you like plum lee?!?!  Yes. The guy has potential. This will be a rough year, but he's only a rookie! Plus the shooting coach hasn't been able to work with him hardly at all this season. I saw him in the summer league and the man got buckets. He dunks over people like its nothing!
Are we human. Or are we dancer::you like plum lee?!?!
Rexanilatorz::k time to take on Joey Crawford and the Heat on Sunday!
Robdee999::See you jazzy cats on Sunday....
leo9212::Good road win. Taking of business on to the next game.
OPENLYUGLY::Good Luck against the Heat. Unfortunately you will be playing at an 8-5 disadvantage!
Momma of Poppa Peter::So true... Good luck Magic fans
Elton7323::and if u do beat the heat u got okc or san antonio dat sux.
MasterOfLogic::We all do sadly.... except OKC.
caseyhall410::You did not watch the finals last year then if you say that.
OPENLYUGLY::Good Luck against the Heat. Unfortunately you will be playing at an 8-5 disadvantage!
Taco still needs a Q::39-23!!!  Lets get 40 in Miami!!!
leo9212::Green!!!!!!!!!!!
OPENLYUGLY::Magic getting MOCKED by the Pacers..................... FILE IT AWAY!
trizzo23::i wont forget
OPENLYUGLY::ALLEY OOP up 30 under 30 seconds left?
Rexanilatorz::GREEN!
