Dwayne_Johnson23::Gerald!
Buc_Masta::It's a wrap..Dwight is staying in Orlando..I really believe it this time.  http://basketball.realgm.com/wiretap/219758/Dwight_Howard_Admits_Mistakes_Plans_To_Opt_In
9-11 Lies::OMG!!! Check nba.com site!   Howard and Deron Williams heading to Dallas in a 5-team deal that involved Lakers, Nets, Bobcats and NYK Gasol to NYK, Melo to Lakers, Odom, Marion, Mahinmi to Nets, Bobcats receiving Rody B., Draft Picks and monetary considerations.  Check in few minutes for whole story.
Buc_Masta::I feel bad for Nets fans..They went to bed thinking Dwight Howard was theirs and their gonna wake up to find out Dwight is staying in Orlando.. As a Magic fan I know how up and down these past few months have been.
Buc_Masta::Sorry Nets fans but he changed his mind again...Says he will sign it in the morning and is going to fire his agent..He even apologized to the Magic for the circus he caused.  http://basketball.realgm.com/wiretap/219756/Dwight_Howard_Confirms_Hell_Sign_Opt_In_Thursday_Morning
cuckercrazy::howard asking for nash if he's gonna stay... could be lethal.. rest of the league better watch out for orlando http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
grsshppr::I remember when Toronto beat the Jazz and they thought they were going to win the championship.  Toronto?  You guys suck the biggest Diiick ever.
dragon slayer 69::why'd u guys let ur mascot bosh go?
rapshow19::shut ur mouth u dirty little hick, where ever ur from is definatly nothing in comparison to toronto
screwhead2305::is Gerald Green finally fulfilling his potential.. that why he was drafted so high.. just never really found the right team
devilish372::Humphries is a BEAST!!!!!!!!!!!!
Br3tt11::Shoot! Can't believe I missed the game of the year!
MetropolitansFan::wow we play the Magic next..lol
brady rodgers system qb HoF::cant wait for the deadline to pass. im hoping howard goes to another team as a rental, or the magic cant move him and he ends up opting out
phxfirebirds61::found a betting system called Sportsbettingstar a few months ago. I have made over 3K a month for the past 2 months now following this system. I discovered it by googling the words "basketball betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google so it was easy to find. I recommend this system to anyone that is tired of not winning their bets.
beastfromnujerz::DWILL+D12&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;carmela and amare
abeigel92::Carmelo and Amare blow.. Where's the ring?
shooter mcgavin14::later get ur champagne ready
grsshppr::Do you guys not read the news? ESPN news?  Howard is not going anywhere you freaking dreamers.  Sorry.
beastfromnujerz::and with that im ouut. good game Nets we'll find out where this franchise is heading by tomm
CrespoJavi::nets should really just let howard go. he is not the problem!!!! bring in any other possition! if green really ends up being what he appears to be, our sf problem can be fixed and we'll use a high draft pick this year to get a good rookie. maybe a couple good fa pick ups and we're good! no need to trade away what we have now. if deron wants out, well ok. use that high draft pick to get a pg.
CrespoJavi::and beastfromnujerz, brooks would most likely go to orlando too.
CrespoJavi::but brook isn't a problem guys. im not saying that that wouldn't be sweet, but i'm saying that instead of putting out so much for howard, to maybe save some and go for someone else that's good.
beastfromnujerz::I kinda agree but lopez is not no howard
nallad47::That is why the Magic would want him though.. It is hard to not offer your best young player to get a player of Howard plus you have Green now that you can sign. Like beast said players will come to you with those two players on your team
nallad47::Best PG and best C in the league is a formidable combination that will beat pretty much every team. Wings are much easier to come by then big men
beastfromnujerz::Jazz got a bright future hope you guys the best
nallad47::Oh and I am not even a Nets fan to say this either..
beastfromnujerz::no more rebuilding for the Nets!!!!!! Get howard keeps brooks and dwill and then players will flock to play for us!!
crimson-knights123::It sucks that DWill got injured, because I think with him we would have beaten Houston and Milwaukee.
beastfromnujerz::Def! we would have been 2 games out of the 8th seed
beastfromnujerz::Good win tonight with our 3rd string players.  Less than 17 hours until we find out what will happen to D12.  Join Netsdaily if your a Nets fan you'll find out everything you need to know.
PresleyMcCutchenTabata::NJ sits 4 games out of a playoff spot, if they acquire Howard, they could make the playoffs this year
kobetop5ever::that's the funniest thing i ever heard one, he isn't coming to the crappy nets two, the nets will never make the playoffs
PresleyMcCutchenTabata::The Great Sabu, I was at the gym, I couldnt show up until the Nets had a large lead, haha
nallad47::http://games.espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=74dgqwg
nallad47::I am a Jazz fan and want to get rid of one of our bigs we need to give our young guys more time!
crimson-knights123::Not bad at all.
nallad47::There you guys go
thekola::Nets should not trade for Howard. They will gethim for free at the end of the season.
MetropolitansFan::Very risky in free agency,other teams will be in play than, and lets face it the Nets are desperate moving  here to NYC into a new arena..got to generate a buzz and sell tickets..Nets need him now if they can
MetropolitansFan::Yeah you have a point no doubt about it...but it is a  big risk big reward type sistuation, if it was not for the move and new arena the Nets would be better off seeing in free agency but with that going on they can't risk it,it in my opinion
thekola::true but the point is why give up talent when you dont have to?
MetropolitansFan::Dallas wants  Howard bad  as well. Cuban cleared up a bunch of salary space this off season and the Mavs are on his wish list still
beastfromnujerz::dwill d12&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; melo amare
thekola::Knicks thought the same way and gave up everything to get Melo when they didn't have to. D12 wants to be a Net, everything he is doing shows that. Why make a bad move due to paranoia?
beastfromnujerz::it's risky though lets get him now!!
beastfromnujerz::lopez,okur,farmer,and 1 first round pick.  We still win!
thekola::I'd rather keep  all assets. I'd be ok giving up Lopez and that's about it.
shooter mcgavin14::i was thinking that b4 too, but now with indecision anything can happen lets get it done now
thekola::he's not indecisive. He is feeding the magic BS to keep them from trading him anywhere but he wants to be in NYC (probably for Adidad deal).
nallad47::http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine
The Great Sabu::LOL @ how Nets fans didn't show up until about midway through the 3rd when they got the lead for the first time.
The Great Sabu::LOL Dwight isn't going to the Nets. Get your heads out of your JERSEYYYY Shore $@%!$.  Aren't you supposed to be on grenade watch?
crimson-knights123::Check back here tommorow okay?
beastfromnujerz::your from canada you lose in life
beastfromnujerz::I was here from the start playa.  Take that lost like a man
The Great Sabu::No you weren't.
shooter mcgavin14::yea we were busy on dwight watch sorry
MetropolitansFan::FACT!
PresleyMcCutchenTabata::is Humphries going with Lopez to Orlando?
MetropolitansFan::Oh yeah HHump has  th right to decline a trade..if he wants...uh oh!! Devean George part 2...
shooter mcgavin14::i dont want to lose marshon but i guess if we have to then we have to
beastfromnujerz::i doubt it.  He has a no trade clause on his contract
MetropolitansFan::I would think so or maybe Brooks
MetropolitansFan::SUCK IT Raptors!!!
The Great Sabu::Congrats on the Raptors having to miss wide open shots for the Nets to win.  Lucky they caught the Raps on the second night of a back to back.
The Great Sabu::Not really, Raptors were absolutely screwed by schedule makers and have played the most back to backs in the NBA by far this year IIRC
beastfromnujerz::nice comeback
MetropolitansFan::excuses
Open-minded Husker::I love the fact that people made fun of me for putting Humphries on my fantasy team.  So many people say he sucks.  lol
beastfromnujerz::hahaha me too.  The dude is moneyyy
FightingIrish595::same here
rutgersrutgers::Dwight Howard will be traded to Nets, according to Chris Broussard http://www.howardto.com/
beastfromnujerz::na it's not going to happen tonight
shooter mcgavin14::this legit?
Canmon::No.
nallad47::Besides Lopez who can you guys offer for Howard?
Ronaldocruz15::2 first round picks
FightingIrish595::humpheries. 2 first picks, farmar who is very underrated, and take hedo back
shooter mcgavin14::u know anything about leverage? magic have none. we can send lopez another player and picks. we can also take on 1 or their bad contracts.
FightingIrish595::green and brooks could be very dangerous with howard and williams, unfortunately we would still need a power forward if it happens via trade
PresleyMcCutchenTabata::Humphries?
beastfromnujerz::humphries is going to get paid and he's game is to similar to howards
rutgersrutgers::Dwight Howard will be traded to Nets, according to Chris Broussard http://www.howardto.com/
rutgersrutgers::Dwight Howard will be traded to Nets, according to Chris Broussard http://www.howardto.com/
nallad47::Dang good for you guys Green dropping 23 tonight IMPRESSIVE!! I saw him play in the D-League All Star game and knew someone would pick him up quickly
rutgersrutgers::Dwight Howard will be traded to Nets, according to Chris Broussard http://www.howardto.com/
The Great Sabu::God Raps announcers don't do anything other then talk up the opposing team. Its kinda infuriating.
beastfromnujerz::i respect that tho thier not homers. Thier true broadcasters
PresleyMcCutchenTabata::its amazing to watch, they cant help themselves
The Great Sabu::I'm watching the game for Raptors coverage not to hear Leo Rautins go on about How Gerald Green is so athletic for 10 minutes
FightingIrish595::nets must keep green and brooks in a trade for howard.
MetropolitansFan::Brooks may be included in a deal..i doubt Green though
PresleyMcCutchenTabata::Brooks' game is suffering tonight because he has to basically play point guard since Farmar decide to be such an inept point guard
feeldabern::such a joke. no williams and still lose
FightingIrish595::green is better than lin
PresleyMcCutchenTabata::Green is athletic, Lin not so much
MetropolitansFan::Nice finger roll
Rezo201::Hump is like a less bi-polar version of Rodman.
The Great Sabu::BAHAHAH Humphris is still a $@%!$@ player.
The Great Sabu::Raptors haven't played badly, but obvious lack of legs tonight, missing wide open jumpers all second half that they normally hit.
Rezo201::If the Nets don't give Green a contract for next season they are NUTS! You can sign him fairly cheap and I think he will only get better as he spends more time in the NBA.
PresleyMcCutchenTabata::so true, Marshon Brooks and Gerald Green on the wings is a scary combination, I just wish they could have had those two on this team together sooner, the Nets would probably be in the hunt for the playoffs if Green had been on the roster since day one
beastfromnujerz::if lopez was healthy all year we'll def be in the playoofs right now espicially with green
phxfirebirds61::found a betting system called Sportsbettingstar a few months ago. I have made over 3K a month for the past 2 months now following this system. I discovered it by googling the words "basketball betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google so it was easy to find. I recommend this system to anyone that is tired of not winning their bets.
beastfromnujerz::I know we can't afford Hump next year but ima root for him no matter here he goes. This guy deserves to get paiddd
PresleyMcCutchenTabata::the Nets can afford him if they want him
CrespoJavi::was green a steal or whattttttt
Thurmonaaaterr41::Yeah he was a great player for the Mavs!! Dont know how he ended up in the D-League...
PresleyMcCutchenTabata::Green is a very good player
The Great Sabu::Bayless has every right to complain about the officiating, been decidedly one sided tonight.  Lots of contact at the Nets net and few calls.
PresleyMcCutchenTabata::Gerald Green and Humphries are gems from the D-League
Thurmonaaaterr41::Nall I'm pretty sure the Lakers are stubborn enough to trade for him anyways to hope to sway him to stay.
atlhawkswin::lol espn is so sure that heat and bulls are gonna make it to the finals i laugh every time. well i think the sixers have a chance, i dont think magic have a chance because they can never beat the hawks. i dont think celtics, or knicks, have a chance i think pacers have a chance.
PresleyMcCutchenTabata::if DWill leaves the Nets, then the Nets need to draft Tu Holloway
Rezo201::Positive, think positive. lol
PresleyMcCutchenTabata::I am a big Tu fan, but I think DWill and Dwight plan on playing for the Nets longterm
Thurmonaaaterr41::Hahahaha. I'm praying that Dwight signs that opt in tonight or that he gets traded to the Lakers.
shooter mcgavin14::if they trade him it will be a rental, howard has made it clear he wont sign there
Thurmonaaaterr41::Yeah but that gives the Mavs a chance to go after him...
shooter mcgavin14::a he wont sign, already confirmed b he wont sign an extension with the lakers, and they wont do a trade without that confirmation
Thurmonaaaterr41::Nall I'm pretty sure the Lakers are stubborn enough to still trade for him thinking they can sway him to sign with them.
beastfromnujerz::HAHA HATER !! Old $@% mavs your not getting dwill or howard.  SCRRUUBB
