HiptoClipp.com::Time for the Clipps to make a move? We've been under .500 since Chancey went down... Here's a few options to consider:  http://www.hiptoclipp.com/2012/03/ray-allen-finals-piece.html
gt1master_ike::Deandre gets zero burn late in the games  Whats teh point of signing him to a  big contract if he won't even play major minutes?
cob01181::del negro is really holding this team back
dplunk18::Blake Griffin is starting to become a Drama Queen!... and  he's too talented for that
nygiants731::haha the nets r doin the stanky leg cuz they won!!!!
cellus24::Chris paul last night on FSN west 2 talking about blake griffin's ankle i really hope that dude will be alright http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IWAKQCdGY3o&amp;feature=g-all-u&amp;context=G2597491FAAAAAAAABAA
jaoyola::Griffin getting posterized!!!  Nets!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfzvtIZUiq4
jrtall3n7::I hope Hump retires a Brooklyn Net
dcreery15::clippers VERY close to getting ray allen full trade here http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
HiptoClipp.com::Hopefully. We also wrote up some other trade options for the Clipps to consider:  http://www.hiptoclipp.com/2012/03/ray-allen-finals-piece.html
clemsontigers65::how the hell does your starting SHOOTING guard take only ONE shot and score exactly ZERO points in 23 minutes played? what exactly is DeShawn Stevenson getting paid to do out there??
lakers43492::$@%! clemson
jrtall3n7::defense
kionkobe08::Can someone explain to me why isn't that last play a backcourt violation?
Jaywashing::The ball can be thrown inbound from the front court to the back court. If Williams had touched the ball while in the front court and gained possession in the back court, I believe that would be a back court violation.
lakers43492::GO FARMAR! HE WAS A LAKER! I MISS U FARMAR! GO LAKERS AND NETS!!!!!!
jrtall3n7::we're lucky to have him!
DPetro10::YEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAA
xmanfolife::Welcome back Clippers....knew u guys were too good to b true...now pack up &amp; move to Anaheim already, fresh arena waiting for new basketball tenant.
ironmonkey123::Jordan Farmar for Derek Fisher
2kobeisgood4::miss you farmer
LiN-ciTy::Brick City had upset Lob City
goalie1113::clips are overrated... really missing chauncy's jumper right about now.
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::we didnt have lopez so stop with the excuses
NBA_refs_are_weak::yup, and just overall leadership. this kindve close game, you know chauncey wouldve been the difference. not only taking the big shots, but just making sure they get good looks in crunch time at the end of games
Bismack Ibaka::WHY LOVE IS THE BEST PF IN THE GAME  http://t.co/rYFcyzeF Kevin Love vs. Blake Griffin - Every possession of both players dissected and analyzed from their most recent game.
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::as much as I want the Clippers to surpass the Lakers in popularity, they need to start playing a lot better..... tonight the nets showed if you stop the dunks, the clips really don't have much of an offense. Poor shooting team, especially mid range jumpshots, yes they shot over 50% from 3 but they were all wide open because of CP3 penetration....
MetropolitansFan::The  problem with the Clippers is it is just about the dunks.....Lob city is all they got and Hump showed Griffin what time it is! If the NBA was not so soft these days  somebody would step up and submarine Griffin when he keeps trying to dunk all game long!
NBA_refs_are_weak::that and caron butler has been playing like $@%. I was with everyone else when they signed him in thinking he was a great fit and the wing player they needed, but he just isnt panning out right now
SB47-Locker10::LA FLIPPERS !! FLAPPING WITH JOY!! KNOWING BOTH LA TEAMS ARE GARBAGE!! !!
mdtuzo::loved humphries block on griffin... someone needed to tell that guy to have a seat
DPetro10::loved humps block sit the $@%! down griffin
1Realthing::I loved Griffins 28 pts and 16 rebounds!
ih8pikeys::And the L! :D
jank6708::Some old Clippers
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::I was at this game, craziest game I've ever seen live..... got the game winning shot on video. Great win for the Nets, finally played good ball, aside from the turnovers.
TheHoMaster::If the Clippers want to start winning again, Butler and the bench will have to step it up.  Seriously, it's not CP3's fault.  He had the same number of assists, turnovers and rebounds as D Will, more steals, and one more point too on higher percentage shooting.
jank6708::your over-hyped team is garbage
LiN-ciTy::shut up clip fan. your team is  just like the nets, second fiddle to the lakers
AJ in Cypress::What is wrong with Caron Butler....
LiN-ciTy::he regrets being a NET
PutYouOn::HAHA CLIPPERS LOST AGAIN..GOOD STUFF
Thurmonaaterr41::Whatever I'm out yall!! See yall on March 15th!!!
Thurmonaaterr41::@fathale   Hey I wasnt calling you a chump!! Hahahhaah!! Re-read it. I was directing it toward somebody else.
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::im out. i will be poping champagne while thurmonater is crying!
KORNETS::aahahahhahahah Thurmonaaro41 is pleading with ESPN for his account back ahahahahah
fathale::Is that pooping champagne or popping champagne, because I know it's not poping champagne?
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::i strongly agree they will be nets some reasons i posted above. mavs do have a chance, but i think opening a new arena in new york city being the man(dwight wants to be the go to guy, dirk would be in dallas) and playing with dwill both getting max deals is very tempting. adidas also will give dwight a monster rose like contract if he plays in nyc. prokhorov will get him overseas endorsements like crazy.
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::k since u owned up, i wont rub it in.
fathale::Real men admit when they were wrong. Now tell 'eating poo' that you agree with my assessment of what Howard and D Will are doing.
fathale::Read it. My bad. You are correct, thurm.
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::thurmonater ur a mavs fan, explain to the CHUMP that the mavs HAVE to trade marion AND amnesty haywood to have space for deron and dwight max deal
LiN-ciTy::F@G
fathale::Thurmonaaterr41 Yes it is possible just like Lebron and Bosh did to team up with the Heat. 1 fan likes this.  Shhhh. Don't tell 'eating poo'.
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::possible yes, yet very unlikely
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::BROOKLYN
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::yeaa true, but NOTHING 2 nyc
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::signed with yes, they will give him a HUGE raise. go look up droses new adidas contract
fathale::Dallas is a model franchise. No one goes to Jersey when they can go to Dallas.
Thurmonaaterr41::Yes it is possible just like Lebron and Bosh did to team up with the Heat.
Thurmonaaterr41::The dude is signed with adiddas!! What other endorsments does he need? 15.5 mil a year is alot of money bro!!
fathale::So it's impossible that How and Will will take less than max?
Thurmonaaterr41::Dallas is a large market...
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::dwill loses bird rights if leaves nets SO loses more money too. dwight wants to play in a large market, whats larger then nyc? he will get more money and more endorsements here and team up with a top pg. IF we get him in free agency we will keep lopez marshon brooks(future star) our 2 1st rd draft picks in a very deep draft morrow farmar to team up with dwight and dwill. nets are a desirable place. mavs are dirk and no1. dirk is great, but he is getting old too.
Thurmonaaterr41::That what Shooter just said is true. Thats the only way we could offer them both 15.5 max million dollar contracts.
fathale::So they'll only take max deal's? Like Bosh and Lebron? Read below and you find therm agrees with me.
ABDWaves::We need to stop losing close games like this
burnham5477::Any shooting guards available?
HiptoClipp.com::Yeah, we wrote up a piece on the Clipps potential trade opportunities:   http://www.hiptoclipp.com/2012/03/ray-allen-finals-piece.html
burnham5477::I don't think the celtics are gonna give up allen. KG will be the first of the big 3 to go.
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::heard u were gonna make a run at ray allen, just a rumor tho
Cowboy5XSBChamp::I'm a knicks fans and I think it's time to trade J Linn or Melo. Do you think the Nets will accept a trade that goes like Melo or Deron Williams or J linn for Deron Williams.
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::ur a knick and cowboy fan= ur a tool
fathale::Don't mind him. He's all about name calling when he has no argument.
Cowboy5XSBChamp::There are many knick and cowboys fans so what are you trying to say
burnham5477::I don't think melo belongs in new York. Whether its with the Knicks or nets, which obviously are moving to Brooklyn.
Cowboy5XSBChamp::It's just that Lin and Carmelo don't go with each other
Cowboy5XSBChamp::How about JLinn and Melo for Deron Williams. Amare has been doing great for the Knicks and really don't think we need Melo. A true point guard like Deron Williams would make the knicks a good team.
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::knicks better watch out or they will be out of that 8 seed fast
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::no deal.
NFC.BEAST::lol no, biznatch please
Cowboy5XSBChamp::You a cowboy fan?
thekola::Anyway, im out. Not gonna argue with delusional knucklehead that think D12 not gonna be a Net. I'll just wait 'til it happens and rejoice while they predictably complain that the nets wills till suck with him. Good W tonight. Jordan Farmar!!! Peace out.
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::later. we will have the last laugh
burnham5477::I live in Massachusetts so I don't get to see many clippers games. But wtf is going on? Since the all star break: 2 losses to the wolves, loss to the nets, loss to the suns, barely beat the rockets, and didn't look that great in the Sacramento game.
burnham5477::Oh lol my mistake
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::i was talking to fathale the troll
burnham5477::I'm not a laker fan? I'm all about my celtics with the clippers as my western conference team...any good shooting guards available?
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::we had no lopez dont wanna hear excuses laker fan. go lose 2 the pistons and wizards
fathale::They never won anything either.
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::lol @ ur road record. the nets never lost to the wizards hahahaa
fathale::LOL @ Nets fan mocking anyone for losing.
fathale::No Chauncy = no winny.
Thurmonaaterr41::The Magic still arent trying to pursue a trade:    http://sports.yahoo.com/nba/news?slug=aw-wojnarowski_dwight_howard_magic_nba_030612
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::its a done deal- saying that makes u not only a tool but a troll. u have 0 credability
fathale::Except your buddy therm agrees.
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::thats their public stance. they might not, but as that deadline gets closer they better think long and hard. esp after losing 2 the bobcats by 16
fathale::You are correct. You called someone else a chump. My bad.
Thurmonaaterr41::Hey I wasnt calling you a chump!! Hahahhaah!! Re-read it. I was directing it toward somebody else.
fathale::God damn. Shut the $@%!$ up. You called me a chump for saying this exact thing 10 minutes ago. Are you ret.arded?
Thurmonaaterr41::Oh Okay...I agree with you.
fathale::All the name calling and you don't even know why you hate me? I say Howard and D Williams are going to Dallas. Its a done deal. Like Bosh and Lebron had.
Thurmonaaterr41::Where does that fathale guy think D12 is going?
fathale::Whos the idiot that said that the Nets have more space next year? WRONG  http://hoopshype.com/salaries/new_jersey.htm  http://hoopshype.com/salaries/dallas.htm  Pay attention to the team options in red.
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::im not doing ur homework 4 u, go look it up urself dummy
fathale::I did my homework. I posted a source. Youre up now.
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::umm its a known FACT. why u think the mavs are trying so hard to trade marion dummy???
fathale::If its a known fact, you should be able to cite your source. Right? Should be real easy.
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::nooo look it up at any reliable source.  plenty of respected analyts have been saying that only way dallas can offer max deals to both deron and dwight is to dump marion on some1 and amnesty haywood. not what im saying, what every1 close to the situation is saying
fathale::Prove it. I offer proof from a reputable source. You say "I heard someone else say so". You're fuucking ret.arded too. Both you and thermofuuck
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::they HAVE to, not why wouldnt they. if they dont do those 2 steps they cant afford dwight and deron. ur link must be wrong/
fathale::So you are right and Hoops Hype is wrong? Oh. I see...... yeah. Right.
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::umm then y can the nets sign dwill and dwight to max deals right away, where as mavs cant UNLESS THEY TRADE MARION AND AMNESTY HAYWOOD?????????
fathale::If they're at 31 mill, why do they have to amnesty anyone? And why wouldn't you amnesty Haywood anyway if you were getting Howard?
Big 3 in Big D Dirk Deron and Dwight::O well I'm out. Biochem test in 8 hours.  PEACE  3D in Big D (Dirk, Deron, and Dwight)
NFC.BEAST::hope you fail
Clipshow07::Going to eat some fast food, huh?
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::another thing for u ignoramus's to consider. otis smith ACCEPTED the nets deal in december, the owner nixed it. the nets have the gm otis smith convinced, once the owner realizes its trade him or walk thats the deal they will make if any deal at all
pistonfanstill::Ok.  2x I made big money betting the Giants to win the Superbowl during the reg. last year and 06.  I doubt u NYC-Brooklyn overrated Groupies did the same.  By one of ur statements that the Magic would not trade Howard to a team in the div.  why would they trade him to a Conference rival?  Do u see ur lack of anything approaching logic to be using derogatory terms against people who dont agree with u?  Probably not.  So here's the deal. Howard goes to the Nets, still loses and u hyenas turn on him.  Loser. If he wants to win (which he obviously does not by a Brooklyn move) he goes to either Dallas or Atlanta. I agree with u he wants to go to the Nets.  But Orlando does not have to trade him at all because who do they get?  If he pouts then he's a crybaby.  there is another reason he wants out of Orlando and it has to do with the owner but he is not going to lead any NYC team to a championship and the media mob will crush him.
thekola::D12 gonna want his money trhough a sign and trade
ffstudios::no he didn't. Orlando played hardball with him cause they didn't like his options. They said fine if your not going to put us in a good situation, then you can sit here and sulk.
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::ur wrong, otis accpeted the trade, dwight told his teamates good bye then devos nixed it. look it up dummy
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::if no trade, dwight can go to the nets via free agency and join dwill marshon brooks lopez 2 1st rd picks in a very deep draft morrow farmar and cap room for other free agent roll players. nets could also sign and trade lopez for a monta or igudala
thekola::NICE!!! It's clear that the writing is all over the wall. thise fools wanna live in denial that's thei rproblem. i'll just wait for the deal to get done and rejoice.
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::these texas rednecks are too simple minded to realize basic stuff
Big 3 in Big D Dirk Deron and Dwight::clipshow07 is asking for my address and wants to molest me  What a F A G
Clipshow07::Wow, by the fact you keep carrying on with it tells me you are really enjoying it. Who is the gayrod fat boy?
Clipshow07::Dude, you're like the gay boy crying wolf. Stop yourself fat boy.
Big 3 in Big D Dirk Deron and Dwight::dude you're F'ing g a y  get out of this board internet Molester
thekola::barring miracle from another team, Nets are way ahead of any other team to get D12. They have the assests to do a sign and trade in the off season so D12 gets his max money and the magic get something in return. Dallas hoping D12 takes less money to go play somewhere that is for him less desirable. all other fans are just delusional (he doesn't want to be any where else).
ffstudios::but today your in fantasy land. The Magic hold more clout than you think.
thekola::im in reality bro. everythin i said is literally based on fact. not what i think d12 should do or what i would do liek you fools.
ffstudios::on March 16th I'd agree with you.
thekola::you saying a losing team will empty the cupboard for a rental? makes even less sense. smh
ffstudios::well thats not true, but any winning team surely will not.
thekola::before than, no team is dumb enough to empty the cupboard for a player that will bail at the end of the year.
Thurmonaaterr41::Less desirable? The dude said he wants to play for Nets or the Mavs!! WTF are you talking about?!! The dude wants to win a championship in which he can with Dallas!!!
thekola::fathale, way to insert facts into the discussion. ffstudios, not being a homer, everythin i said is facts, you should read your own paper more. i think ive read more of your paper than you have.
ffstudios::If I'm going to sit here and debate this with you the least you can do is be honest and not such a homer.
fathale::Don't be ridiculous. He's not going to the Nets, thekola
ffstudios::yes they are.
fathale::Not going to address the facts thurm?
Thurmonaaterr41::The Magic isnt pursuing a trade bro...
thekola::even if it's equal than the extra money from the sign and trade is the tie breaker. nets still ahead.
fathale::Hey Thurmonaaterr41-  Get back down to where you called me a chump and respond to my response.
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::i can know thurmanoters response b4 he posts it from all his trolling- YOU MAD BRO?
fathale::He called you a troll thurmonatrter
Thurmonaaterr41::^This Hahahahahahaha!!!
ffstudios::all you Mavs fans just tell me how you can sign them both without amnesty on Dirk. You can offer 12.5M to each IF you amnesty Haywood your most expensive player besides Dirk. You really think they will take THAT much of a cut? thats 2M less than the Heat took.. thats like leaving about 15M on the table.
ffstudios::LOL except Marion and Haywood. The cost of your ring.
Big 3 in Big D Dirk Deron and Dwight::The entire Mavs team is full of expiring contracts except for Dirk. Next season it will be a completely new team
thekola::ffstudios, youre no better than the mav trolls. you think the lakers are still tryna trade for D12.
ffstudios::I think the longer their skid continues, the more they eye ball trading the house IF he's willing to extend. Your right if he doesn't sign Bulls and Lakers aren't int he picture. I'm not confident his list means anything with a gun to his head. If the Magic brass say we have this amazing offer for you, and its a good situation for all sides. I think your going to see just how random his list really was.
Thurmonaaterr41::And actually we can offer them each 15.5 million contracts after we do what I just posted. Fact!!
Thurmonaaterr41::Dont Know, but if Cuban could get rid of Dampier and Diop's contract!! I'm pretty sure he can get rid of Marions!! Hahaha
Big 3 in Big D Dirk Deron and Dwight::If somone takes Marion, Mavs can offer Max contracts to both Dwight and Dwill
ffstudios::won't be any takers. This is just Lakers optimism now, everyone wants your junk.
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::tell me who would take marion right now???????? no1 in the west will help cuban pull this off thats 4 sure
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::they gotta try 2 trade marion to dump his contract, problem is no1 wants him for like 8 mil per and they dont want to help the mavs clear space to try to get stars. nets have room 4 max deals 4 dwight and dwill AND other free agents after that
Thurmonaaterr41::False. All we have to do is amnesty Haywood and trade Marion. Know your sh*t before you post it.
Thurmonaaterr41::And that death contract Diop!! Hahaha
ffstudios::saying your going to give draft picks are worthless if they know you are after a super team.
Thurmonaaterr41::Sombody took Dampiers contract! LOL
ffstudios::how are you going to trade a bad contract worth 8.5M per over 3 more years with no assets?
thekola::you think another team will take on marion's contract and give the mavs cap space??? dream on.
Clipshow07::Caron Butler is shooting 27% in his last 10 games!!!!!!!!!!!!! He is no longer getting the looks he was with Chauncey. This is killing us....along with us  playing absolutely no defense whatsoever.
Big 3 in Big D Dirk Deron and Dwight::Lamar Odom for Caron Butler
Clipshow07::I would take Metta World Peace (who is averaging 5 points, yes that's right, 5 points a game) before Lamar right now..........
Thurmonaaterr41::No!! We need to wait for Dwill and Dwight first...
Soonerhopeful1::In the long run loses like this by Clippers, will only make them tougher....!  This team has had very little practice time for this new team...Games like this are a learning process...    Ya still think Humphries  " Owns Griffin "...?
fathale::If games like this are a learning process that means the Lakers are getting really smart.
Big 3 in Big D Dirk Deron and Dwight::I will bet $1000 that the only reason you support the clippers is because Blake Griffin played for Oklahoma University
Clipshow07::You'd probably be lucky if I molested you fat boy.
Big 3 in Big D Dirk Deron and Dwight::You must be some kind of internet molester. You're probably going to ask for my address next
Big 3 in Big D Dirk Deron and Dwight::First of all why do you even care and next no I'm not fat. I actually work out at my university gym.
Clipshow07::Not really, it was pretty lame. Isn't Dallas the second fattest city in the country behind Houston? How much do you weigh?
Big 3 in Big D Dirk Deron and Dwight::^ is that even supposed to make any sense?
Clipshow07::I bet the only reason you support Dallas is because you are fat and lazy and drool over the food Mark Cuban gets his players.
lianggan@gmail.com::clip and both lakers has common struggle away
Clipshow07::Yeah, let's debate who is the bigger sheatpile of a coach, VDN or Mike Brown?
Big 3 in Big D Dirk Deron and Dwight::VDN
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::to dumb fans saying atl or chicago- dwights agent dan fagan has said over and over to teams not on his list(nets mavs used to be lakers not anymore) DO NOT TRY TO TRADE 4 DWIGHT, HE WILL NOT EXTEND WITH YOU
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::at least we know what we are talking about. we read articles listen 2 analysts know the cap situation. u just say theres a deal in place like ur butt buddies with cuban. u have 0 credibility and ur a tool
fathale::Cap situation: http://hoopshype.com/salaries/dallas.htm At 30 mill next year.
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::all mavs posts have 3 likes, there are 3 mavs trolls posting in this thread. coincidence????
fathale::Click my avatar. Lakers fan here shi.t head. Wrong again.
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::what u say means nothing fathump
fathale::Thanks. None of what any of us says means anything. Were all bone heads that waste our time insulting strangers on a message board.
fathale::Nope. I say there is an under the table deal with Cuban for he and D Will to go to Dallas. Done deal.
Big 3 in Big D Dirk Deron and Dwight::lol at the Part saying we have to amnesty Dirk  The only reason the Mavs are trying to sign them is to pair them up with Dirk
fathale::Wrong. As.shole http://hoopshype.com/salaries/dallas.htm They are at 30 mill next year you a.s.sho.le. Go ahead. click the link. I noticed, BTW, that you edited out the "Amnesty Dirk" part, chump.
Thurmonaaterr41::False we would have to amnesty Haywood and trade Marion....Know your sh*t before you post something chump.
ffstudios::its not possible, your not getting it. You HAVE TO amnesty Dirk to have the space for them both. You really think Cuban will amnesty the face of the franchise?
fathale::Really, dude? You think they need assets to trade if there is a deal in place? That means they already have a plan to go there via free agency. Like Bosh Spice and Lebron had with the Heat.
Thurmonaaterr41::him too if possible...
ffstudios::and your going to not take the hometown guy D-Will?
Big 3 in Big D Dirk Deron and Dwight::Summer 2012 Free agency. Don't need to trade anyone
Thurmonaaterr41::free agency...
ffstudios::what are  the trading Cuban's internet companies? Mavs have no player assets.
ffstudios::bottomline is IF he makes it till end of the season he'll probably be a Net or Magic  IF he gets traded by the deadline, he's a Bull or Laker  that is no bias, that is just the facts.
ffstudios::actually they can sign D-Will cause he's currently on their team, not cause they have boatloads of cap space for 2 max players. learn how it works.
Thurmonaaterr41::^This
Big 3 in Big D Dirk Deron and Dwight::If he isn't signed by March 15th, say hello to the Mavericks
ffstudios::I don't think  you really know what he will or will not do till he's got a gun to his head on March 15 or the summer.
Big 3 in Big D Dirk Deron and Dwight::Mavs will have enough to get Deron Williams and I know that for a   FACT
Thurmonaaterr41::Mavs have plenty of cap space this offseason...
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::NETS HAVE MORE CAP SPACE THEN ANY1 u idiot! they could sign dwight and dwill to max deals AND still get other free agents
thekola::ffstudios lost all credability. article in your home town paper took the lakers out of the d12 sweepstakes via trade last week. you clearly are not knowledgeable
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::ff u r dumb as hell. lakers wont trade all that for a 30 game rental cause thats all it would be. look it up HE WONT SIGN AN EXTENSION THERE. bulls have NEVER been involved besides in the minds of fans living in fantasy world or playing 2 much nba2k12
ffstudios::such homers, not realistic, where is your cap space or trade assets?
Rudibager::How is that "facts"?  There's absolutely no basis for Dwight being traded to the Bulls, and very little basis anymore for him being traded to the Lakers.
Thurmonaaterr41::or Mav...
Big 3 in Big D Dirk Deron and Dwight::If he isn't traded then he will be either a Net or Mav  Take the bulls out of this
Thurmonaaterr41::^This
cantshootstraight::Chris Paul seems to be a bit overrated - costly turnovers, missed free throws, blow defensive coverages at the end of games.  He's good, but not all he's made out to be.  Clippers without Billups are just an average team.
Clipshow07::No Billups is definitely killing us. The Clipper curse crushed us again. Best we can hope for is that he comes back on proxy coachs.
pistonfanstill::Dwight Howard is not going to any losing team to be the focus of a rebuild.  He's going where he's comfortable and believes he has a chance to win which means Atlanta Hawks.
pistonfanstill::The Knicks are even a bigger market in Manhatten as the unofficial home team of the NBA.  But if Howard goes to either he will be another High Schooler who will not win and be crushed by the realities of being the man in NYC or Brooklyn which means ZERO championships.
pistonfanstill::I know what Brooklyn is.  I also know the Nets are Losers and it would be a rebuild.  So that contradicts another so-called desire of Howard's.  Orlando is a better team, has a better record.  Yeah.  the future is bright for Brooklyn to have another major league team to replace the Dodgers.
pistonfanstill::The Nets are losers and have been since Lawrence Frank.  A player may make several suggestions but if Howard said that with sincerity then his problem with Orlando is suspect as that is a contending team and the Nets are Losers.
Rudibager::Dude, Brooklyn is a huge market... HUGE.  That's what Dwight wants.  Do you really not get this?
fathale::Nope. I say there is an under the table deal with Cuban for he and D Will to go to Dallas. Done deal.
pistonfanstill::Howard to Dallas would be a smart move.  However I see the only reason for a Net move would be some close friendship with Avery Johnson but they would still be Losers.
pistonfanstill::The Nets talk is just an example of NY media hype.  Brooklyn is not even a done deal yet and this is a Lottery Team.  Howard claims he wants to win so why would he go to a Lottery Team?  And even with D Will there's talk of leaving.
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::he only requested a trade- TO THE NETS YOU IDIOT
pistonfanstill::An Idiot is an archaic term probably the nickname ur father gave u.  Idiot and moron are the favorite words ignorant people use which is really a reflection of their own lack of intelligence.
pistonfanstill::And why would he like Brooklyn?  Do you really know why he wants out of Orlando?  No u dont.
thekola::um, how about the fact that he has consistently asked for a trade? I think that is evidence he wants otu of Orlando
pistonfanstill::Ur name tells us all we need to know about ur lack of intelligence.  The Nets have no bright future except their move to Brooklyn as a lottery team.  Howard's been through that.  Plus if u knew anything u would know he would not like living in NYC for any considerable amount of time.  Both those teams are losers and he's not going there as surely as James didnt.
pistonfanstill::Does he live in NYC now?  Do you know the definition of delusional without looking it up?  Or do you speak from the experience of a family well acquainted with psychaitric care?  If Howard moves to NYC plays for Brooklyn the pressure would cause him to implode.
thekola::how do you know he doesnt want to live in NYC for a considerable amount of time other than your delusional brain? Did he tell you that?? Stop making stuff up.
ffstudios::lol Dwight has like no love for ATL. He's openly dised the Hawks many many times. He said he grew up watching them stink.
pistonfanstill::The Hawks are a 'Missing Piece' away but the Nets would be like starting over.  He may as well stay in Orlando.
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::u r dumb as hell. nets future is brighter then the hawks, and magic wont trade him 2 a division rival. also HE WONT SIGN AN EXTENSION THERE
pistonfanstill::The Nets are losers.  Why is he unhappy in Orlando?  Atlanta does not get mentioned but I feel Howard does not want the bright lights of NYC on losing teams.
Rudibager::Those losers just beat your team very recently.
Big 3 in Big D Dirk Deron and Dwight::I only liked your comment of the part that says NETS ARE LOSERS
thekola::what you FEEL doesnt matter. he wants out of orlando and he has put the nets on the short list. youre opinion and feelings are irrelevant. How don't you get that?
thekola::Again, its nice that you would do that if you were Dwight, but the nets are on the short list and teh hawks arent so...
Thurmonaaterr41::Buahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahhahahaahahahahahaa
netsbucs::The fu ck are Maverick fans doing here. last ii checked it's Nets vs Clippers. Go beat ur meat. Do something else other than being dou che's that think they know sh it!. fu cking morons.
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::trolls. they are butthurt we beat them, and they know we are gonna take dwight and keep dwill so they troll us
Rudibager::You're clearly mad if you're on our thread....
Thurmonaaterr41::^This
Big 3 in Big D Dirk Deron and Dwight::no one is mad because of one loss. Look at the overall record between the Mavs and Nets.
Thurmonaaterr41::False.
Clipshow07::ha! I concur, anyone not a Slipper or Nets fan beat it!
Big 3 in Big D Dirk Deron and Dwight::aww do you need a tissue?
netsbucs::k ur point, yea their my teams so, that shows nothing, and u laughed at that. u would laugh at this joke. "I think it takes juan to know juan" seeing how ur autistic humor is
Big 3 in Big D Dirk Deron and Dwight::Can't blame netsbucs  He supports the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and Nets  LMAO
netsbucs::can u read?  - to any white guy from texas
Big 3 in Big D Dirk Deron and Dwight::@netsbucs  Do you speak any english?  - Chris Tucker
netsbucs::it is what it is. Maverick fans only ^
Thurmonaaterr41::Racist much?
netsbucs::u guys so fu cking white ur jokes. omg. and only a white guy would be stupied enough to think i'm crying "dat ther guy i...ssss crying" hahahha rednecks
netsbucs::last i checked i'm calling u out that ain't crying. moron
Thurmonaaterr41::^This LOL
refaelkub::guys... lets remeber the 30 point loss 2 the heat....
thekola::Here's what i think: Magic and Nets already have a deal in principle to sign and trade D12 for Brook Lopez, draft picks and another piece or two at the end of the season. That way magic keep for the whole season and D12 gets max money. Of course, the Magic want lopez healthy and want the Nets to be conservatiev with him. This explains why the Nets have been so cautious, including sitting him out 3 weeks for rolling his ankle and sitting out past the full 8 week on what was supposed to be 6-8 weeks on the shelf. seriously, who misses 3 weeks after rolling their ankle when the xrays are negative?!
pistonfanstill::I have a feeling Howard will be going home to be an Atlanta Hawk.  He will block a trade to a losing team in NYC or Brooklyn and figures with a healthy Horford, Josh Smith and himself on the Frontcourt is a winning formula.  He wants no part of a rebuilding team and that includes Lakers too.
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::atl is not on the list, and magic wont trade him 2 a division rival
thekola::whether peopel think its a good idea or not is irrelevant. nets are on the short list, hawks arent
Thurmonaaterr41::-_-
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::u dont understand leveral ff? who else they gonna trade with? i read u say bulls below but thats delusional. bulls wont gut their team when they are killin it, and dwight hasnt put them on his list of teams to trade. its between the nets or mavs, and mavs have nothing to trade. so take the nets deal or let him walk 4 nothing
thekola::spoken out does not = being on the short list. again, nets are pretty much it at this point. Mavs have nothing totrade, lakers reported out last weekend
ffstudios::Dwight has spoken out on the Bulls. He perfers NJ cause russian owner has some endorsement deals he'd like to sell Howard on. 200M on Addias reup. 200M in russian endorsements and 100M in salary is a pretty good take home.
thekola::well if the mavs are out of it then that leaves the nets and dwill stays once the nets get dwight
ffstudios::and I agree Mavs are out of it. They want D-Will more than Dwight, and they would never amnesty Dirk to get Dwight. They also have no assets.
thekola::Lakers gonna trade their two big men for picks??? This is the NBA not fantasy land
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::u dont pay attention to the situation. dwights agent publicly said he wont sign an extension in LA so lakers are out. bulls were never involved, just in a fantasy world
ffstudios::Right now the Bulls. They can also tell LA to move Bynum and Gasol for 3 high lottery picks. NJ can't beat either of those offers.
ffstudios::and Dwight not in Orlando = no max money  the rules are different now, you take a penalty for a sign/trade.
ffstudios::LOL, no they don't Magic don't want that junk. I live in Orlando, trust me there is no interest there.
ffstudios::or we trade him now for what I just told you. I love this "lose him for nothing" theory. Just a little bit bias?
thekola::Its nice that you live in orlando but that dont mean you have the slightest idea people who actually work for the Magic want. also, its either that "junk" as you put it or lose him for nothing. he's bailing either way, end of story. stop living in denial and deal with it.
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::mavs cant trade 4 him and lakers are out of the picture. those are the only team on his list. so trade him to the nets or we get him in free agency
Thurmonaaterr41::^This
thekola::I get that but the mavs could sign him in free agency if the money was the same. The sign and trade option gives the nets the advantage because D12 is enticed by the extra coin.
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::could be. i also think billy king has confirmation that dwight will become a net no matter what via free agency so he knows not to push for a trade to gut the team.
Thurmonaaterr41::-_-
DanSanders56::the nets have recently beat the bulls knicks mavs and now clippers.  they have been doing pretty well and no one has seemed to notice
DanSanders56::big 3 r u a cowboys fan?
Big 3 in Big D Dirk Deron and Dwight::What does that have to do with the Nets overall record?
ffstudios::Nets aren't going to win, they will tank the season and get a lottery pick so they can try to sell Dwight that the team is better than last year. If they make the playoffs they are idiots.
Thurmonaaterr41::Bobcats Wizard and Raptors will beat yall to it...
DanSanders56::1 games.  k well um i said for games which have happened in the past 2 weeks
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::again u disregard the major injuries we have dealt with all season. ur still butthurt we beat ur old a $ s team
Thurmonaaterr41::^This
Big 3 in Big D Dirk Deron and Dwight::Mavs have injuries to 2 starters in  Delonte West and Brendon Haywood but you don't see them complaining. This entire season all teams have been having injuires and mainly because of the lockout
Thurmonaaterr41::Blah blah blah Lopez is hurt blah blah blah!! The dude averages like 4 rebounds a game!! That is pitiful for a center!!
Big 3 in Big D Dirk Deron and Dwight::maybe cause 1 game or couple of games doesn't define a team. Look at the nets OVERALL RECORD  LMAO
Thurmonaaterr41::^This
