Scott::Time to clean house trade Carmello while you can as he is leaving at the end of this year because the Knicks will not be able to change and bring a championship so he will not sign - trade Chandler for a draft pick and maybe someone will take Stats expiring contract - stuck with Smith as no one will want his contract - build for the future.
Allan::Basketball is dead in New York. The mecca has become a graveyard.
William::And I wonder if 65 would be a reasonable over and under figure for combine win total for the two NY based teams.
Shi::Cavs fan here. If there is one team that is more pathetic it has to be the Nets. It is more dysfunctional than my team. I like Omri Casspi's progression, and wish we could keep him. Cleveland management and coaching is just terrible, everyone one we traded to other teams seem to be doing better, Ahhhhhh.
KH::Has he no shame?  He should be fired immediately and the Nets should play in the D League.
D. Darqwon::No Lin tonight and Harden still questionable means they are going to need more from D12 and T.Jones the bench brigade is going to have to continue to step up big.  Brooks, Garcia, and Casspi for the win.  Go Rox!!!
Masterplan12::Great win for Houston, but tomorrow in San Antonio will be the real test. The Nets were no contest,but the Spurs is another story.
Killer ::Wow, that was quite a performance by the Nets starting five.  Maybe JKidd should just suit up, and leaving the coaching to Charlie Brown - er, Lawrence Fran.
Tom B::What are you up to? Technically, you could say the same to James Harden and others while they had to sit down some games and Rockets still could win over less contending teams with 2nd unit. Look around there are many high paid NBA players still don't perform well but collect good paychecks while in rehab or  being benched. Wait until Rockets meet OKC, Spurs, Clippers, Pacers, Heat...Someone will have a heart attack seeing Rockets being destroyed by the pros. Just wonder how Russel Westbrook will handle Patric Beverly when the two meet each other again soon this year. It'll be lol if PB will be the one to be sent to rehab after colliding with RW in a game.
D. Darqwon::The last two games the Rockets have had nearly twice as many assist as turnovers.   I like it!
