johndoe5699::Michael Jordan concentrated so much on being the best basketball player in the world when he  was young, that he now suffers the consequence of being bad at everything else: GM, baseball, golf, gambling, identifying gold-diggers.
lamriverside11::ramon sessions vs CP3!!!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDXdnZpxqQ4
lamriverside11::Kobe Bryant Lights up the Clippers for 31 Points IS HE BACKK?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLir2enNEnM
black people will take over the world i promise you::PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCMENT: You need to realize the threat black people have on us, they are unstoppable if used correctly, they can shut down water supply, they can kill our children, its really bad people! look at the slavery times, the black people adapted to the whether! it was hot as hell but they survived! howd they do it? i believe it is because black people are a hybrid from gorillas, they have the features of gorillas and the strength of gorillas and they have the traits! the world will end due to black people, black people will kill us all because black people have a ridiculous amount of resources! these blacks need to be stopped!~ NOW
Sean14282::Welp.. I am too ashamed of my Bobcats to wear their gear anymore.  Pulling out the old Hornets gear that still says Charlotte on it. I swear if the 1st lotto ball doesn't come to us and if we do not select Anthony Davis, you will not see me attend any games next year even with the tickets selling as low as $10 now.    I am okay with us sucking for the next few years as we try to build a team but you gotta at least be competitive.  I watch the D-League and I am sure there are whole teams there that would destroy us!
pistonfanstill::A lot of pretenders are happy the see the Bobcats.  I know it seems like the Pistons have had 10 games with them and the Wizards this year.
cp3andcompany::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. I have made over 3k a month for 3 consecutive months just following this system. It's on the 1st page of Google when you search the words "sports betting system" Thought I would post this for anyone that's looking for a betting system that actually works.
jayshah96::Almost, only lost by 27 bobcats!
woodyattjon::No D, No W--end of story
Dbacks_Suns_Cardinals::GO SUNS!
Danglehossa::Over was a good call by this one guy
woodyattjon::The third certainity of life-Death,Taxes and another Bobcats loss.
Joe Raygor::Christ, can't the Bobcats catch just one break every now and then? This is disgusting.
d_gettis12::i know
ThunderOranges::From hearing about how the Kentucky Wildcats could beat the Wizards, at this rate, the Syracuse Orange could beat the Bobcats.
d_gettis12::no
texasrocks12345::To the rest of the NBA teams in the playoffs, Here come's the Hawks. Getting pumped for the stretch run.
Mia Sander::15 LIKES AND I LEAVE THE CHATBOARD
texasrocks12345::its gonna be a long night for you lol
Talentsojhin::Well this is the best year to have a horrible year. At least it is shortened.
texasrocks12345::word
23germany::there is an emergency draft in case a team disappears, following a plane crash for instance, but instead shouldn't there be an emergency draft if a team like the bobcats does NOT disappear ??
NBA_refs_are_weak::this is getting pretty damn ugly. even when NJ had that awful awful season a couple years ago, they at least were competetive in the 4th at some point most of the time. how many times are the bobcats going to lose by 20+ this year? might be a record
J-SMOOVE2046::I hope these 2 teams meet in the playoffs.
Talentsojhin::You have the first round curse on your team. T-Mac.
Demonjoe93::I think it's impossible for the Bobcats to go the playoffs.
Demonjoe93::All right I think I'm done watching this game, lol.
Demonjoe93::Would have been nice for Washington to beat Indiana for us.
mrclarion::Yeah. but losses by the Celtics and Sixers still may mean something in this tight race in the East.
mrclarion::Ivan For the slam!  I think this one is over. now the real question is how many will the Hawks score.
Demonjoe93::Have the Marlins got a hit yet?
ima brave falcon hawk::yea
Demonjoe93::lol, one hit.
SCP-2008::I am Insane. I think the Hawks will Win it all.
Mario West::Not before the Astros, lol. I still love the hawks, but come on.
ratso1::what all
Demonjoe93::Nice play Teague.
Brendan Bwady::I feel really bad for Charlotte fans... THEY SUCK SO BAD
SCP-2008::The Hawks: Taking Care of Business.
ima brave falcon hawk::i like that song
Mario West::If Miami gets no-hit on opening night, over under fans at the next game: 8,675?
ratso1::team will announce its moving tomorrow
ima brave falcon hawk::PRETTY MUCH
ima brave falcon hawk::THE MARLINS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! L0L!!!!!!!!
Mario West::Marlins this, Marlins that. NL East, World series, dynasty? How about getting no hit by Kyle Lohser at home, on glorius opening night. FAIL
ima brave falcon hawk::no hitter l0l!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ima brave falcon hawk::i feel bad for the marlins all this hype and they lose l0l
ppokie24::the lephone, only vibrates no ring http://bustasports.com/?page_id=169
lmssports1::HAHA TRU the memes on that site are HILARIOUS too ahahaa
Demonjoe93::Hey did anyone else ever see that news story about how the new Marlins logo looks a lot like the one from some baseball movie in the 90s? I lol'd at that.
ima brave falcon hawk::then we vs detroit we should beat them then we vs this team again we should beat them again
Demonjoe93::And if the Magic can keep on losing we can get the #5 seed. The Wizards need to do us a favor and beat the Pacers.
mrclarion::2nd qtr went like the 1st should have. but that's okay.  Just keep your foot on the gas in the 2nd half.
Mario West::61 points, care to complain trolls?
ima brave falcon hawk::im acually glad we are playing the bob cats the hawks get to rest starters
colinmio::FAIL!
Man united fanforever::lol @ the guy on this board who compares Jeff Teague with Westbrook/ Rose
CTthunder860::i liked his comment.........
Demonjoe93::It's kinda liking suck your own dick.
ima brave falcon hawk::yea its not cool to like youre own comment dude
Mario West::And quit liking your own comment, its weak...
Mario West::Teague is an athlete, like others on this team, that is ALL they have in common. You guys.....
J-SMOOVE2046::I love playing the bobcats.
mrclarion::Keep driving Teague. That little Mailman move where you put your knee out to create space works against the BIGS.
Demonjoe93::How dangerous you guys think the Marlins are gonna be this year?
UMiamiCapper::Not a good sign when you can't get a hit in your own ballpark on opening night.
ima brave falcon hawk::they only won 72 games last year they think getting 5 players is gonna change a team l0l sure
ima brave falcon hawk::not dangerous at all
Mario West::I don't know, didn't we see this with the Eagles last year? Talent does not=sucess
Mario West::Showing his inner Westbrook/Rose, good drive by JT
CTthunder860::stop saying that it makes it so obvious you have no idea about basketball if you even think of comparing teague to rose or westbrook
Mario West::Spud Webb was quite an atlhlete, but wasn't as strong as Russ, its a good argument...
CTthunder860::he can drive but so can kemba and no one puts him in a class with the two most athletic PGs of ALL TIME (rose and westbrook) thos two are the two most athletic PGS in NBA history period
Mario West::I mean atleticism man, Teague is pretty athletic, and can drive the ball sometimes...
Demonjoe93::Hawks have woken up.
mrclarion::Finally!
Mario West::Yeah Al included. People call me crazy, but this is the deepest Hawks team I've ever seen, and if everyone is at least solid, we could get past a top 4 team in the East...
Mario West::We need Kirk and Vlad if we have any hope of advancing in the playoffs...
mrclarion::I hope we can get Willie Green some key minutes in playoffs. His game from the bench looks solid.  Hope Pargo can get his stroke back too.
Demonjoe93::And Al Horford.
Mario West::I though that was the number one rule in BB....
mrclarion::Dumb foul Za Za!?
mrclarion::Hawks starters return now lets build on this lead.
Man united fanforever::nope lets all defend and get the under :)
bagofmoney_30::BOBCATS SHOULD OF PICKED KLAY THOMPSON OVER KEMBA
CTthunder860::you sound stupid
