Pratik Dash::Shane Larkin might be a draft steal....everyone keeps comparing him to JJ Barea...but Barea couldn't play defense like this...my goodness...
Harry Boughner::10 to 34 free throws? Dafuq?
Rolando Mercado::anyone else feel that crowder should start getting more minutes? he looks like he could develop into a stud if he continues to work on his shot and defense.
Jason Walls::Lets go MAVS!!!!
Brad Jeffery::Lets go Mavs!
Fjodor Balla::I think Dalembert not being healthy has been a huge factor the Mavs have dropped the last 2 games.We need him and Blair to be at 100% every night...at least till Wright comes back.
Patrick Law::The real Monta Ellis is back, 32min 2-12FG, 4pts, more impressive than Rudy Gay 32 min 3-12 9pts vs Nets yesterday, watch out for the Mavs!!
Clinton Kelley::and they still won... Considering this was his first bad game with the Mavericks (out of 16), I think we'll be fine
Paul Tergeist::NO. 2-16
John Martin::Patrick:  Ellis has been a positive addition to the Mavs. Everyone has an off game. It can't be all Dirk.
John Martin::Poor shooting by Thomlpson and not having Iggy hurt the Warriors.
Steve J Nissenson::I do not expect Iguodala back tonight.  No time frame has been given for his return.
Pratik Dash::That lack of Mavs Defense is starting to show up again....
Martín Polanco::Is Iguodala playing tonight? When is he coming back?
Pratik Dash::Monta Ellis playing Monta ball again. :-/
Chris Blair::He is shooting badly but has 9 asts
Pratik Dash::Chris Blair It's just an off night. It happens.
Daniel Hunter::Dalembert with the Dagger! lol
Fjodor Balla::Mavs need to stop the skid and get a win here
Rohan Sarode::Who cares. GS is done.
Ramey Syufy::How are they done?
Joey Miller::Man, the Mavericks are so done.
Michael Lorenzo Lance::How r either of these teams done not even 20 games in? Lets just be real for a sec
Jessica Hutson::Mavs need a stop
John Osaki Jr.::Nowitzki fans, check him out in the new edition 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
John Osaki Jr.::Great game for Dirk! Nowitzki fans, check out the new edition 2013 book NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Nico Palomar::DIRK!
Nico Palomar::DIRK POSTING LEBRON´S NUMBERS, 8 OF 12
Pratik Dash::Wrong. Dirk posts Dirk numbers.  LeBron has followed Dirk since 2011, learning about efficiency.
Chad Wiggins::Pratik Dash lol
Nico Palomar::ANOTHER DAY AT THE OFFICE FOR DIRK
Nico Palomar::MAVS IN CONTROL OF THIS
Pratik Dash::I love the Mavs, but this year, they have a tendency to let teams make a comeback. (Remember the 76ers game?) Really hope they play some D down the stretch.
Nico Palomar::DIRK IS HOT TONIGHT
