NOVABuffalo::Looking for BowFlexTCTGP, here is a post from early in the season:  yall are just bitter yall got bounced by a better up and coming grizz team.. ya we had rudy in the last game.. but pretty sure yall were very fortunate to get to play us in the 1st game of a shortened season.. at home to say the least.. we still have a chemistry issue we are working thru becuz we had to make last minute additions after one of our best bench players went down.. not to mention work rudy back in.. we commited 25+ TOs.. highly highly doubt that happens again and highly highly doubt zbo has that bad of a shooting night again.. but yall get a cheesy win on opening night and yall all of a sudden think yall r better.. LMAO.. We'll see u again.. we'll see whos still standing once the playoffs startless  ================================================  I guess the Spurs are still waiting for that "great" Grizz team....... 3-0 and Grizz currently out of playoffs, Spurs in 1st.
mikey3941::Grizzfan: But the spurs lost to the grizzlies, last year....  Spursfan: Don't give me a history lesson... tell me about NOW!!!!!!  Grizzfan: WAAHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!
mikey3941::the spurs playing grizzlies is like punching an 80 year old woman..... way easy, and too much fun
mikey3941::Wished spurs would play grizzlies all the time and just get nothing but wins thi season!!!!!!!!!
meloncabron::TImmy should make the All Star reserves.  14 points 8 rebounds 3 assists and 1.25 blocks per game this season.  Plus, the best power forward ever to play the game and helping should get him in no matter what.
meloncabron::The "old" and "finished" Spurs keep winning...  One of few real teams left in all of pro sports, not just the NBA. Well coached, disciplined, play for each other.  That's why they're the best team in the NBA the last 20 years. And when Manu comes back, I see them running away with the division.
jguajardo3::love them spurs
threetimechamp210::And I say hell yeah hell yeah, F****n right, hell yeah hell yeah, F****n right!  Go Spurs, tell me how that tastes Memphis!
CandySparker::Hola  Lotta Love!
cjdapd::Hahaha clutch Rudy....CLUTCH. Hey Memphis, we OWN you now. Unfortunately no measure of revenge will be enough for me, I was sure we could get Timmy his swan song ring last season....hopefully we can do it this year.
Bookiebreaker48::MEMPHIS PLAYS BETTER WITHOUT RUDY GAY FACT!!!! HIS DEFENSE IS HORRIBLE
duncan21dynasty::It's not so much his defense as it is his shot selection.
Cactus Pool::They should trade him.
alaingruen::Who could you get for him though?
.jeebus::How the fu'ck can Bonner have almost 10 more minutes playing time than Splitter?
NeeehNoooh::bonner spreads the floor for 3pt shooters. tiago does not.  imagine if tiago was a good 3pt shooter like dirk or kevin love!  Lol  spurs would be unstoppable!
txryguy2.0::don't question Pop ;)
FrankPistachio211::What??!
Cactus Pool::Because they play different positions?
nu life::Out of all the teams fighting for the final few spots in the west, at the moment the rockets scare me the most.  They aren't dealing with injuries, and are playing some hard nose ball right now.
Spurs4life93::Spurs whoopin that as.s!!! Haters gonna hate!!! Go Spurs Go!!!
jguajardo3::a win is a win
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::Being 3-0 Yes
Bookiebreaker48::WINNING BY 5 IS A WHOOPING?
txryguy2.0::i really think if the spurs had been able to make it past memphis last year they would've won the title.
alaingruen::Well, I just saw it differently then. I saw a team that without Nowitzki probably doesn't even make the playoffs, and if they did, would have gotten bounced in the first round. Obviously the team aspect is important, I just wonder if the Spurs bench has what it takes to be successful in the post season. The answer in the last three playoffs has been a resounding 'no.'
txryguy2.0::i REALLY like nowitzki. would probably rank him in the top 50 players of all-time. so, don't think that i'm hating. i loved the fact that he got a championship after sticking with the mavs for so long.
Zo3313::Duncan the last 2 years hasnt been the focal point on offense like he used to be. Manu is first option then Parker. Duncan is there 3rd option on offense
txryguy2.0::obviously having nowitzki was key in winning the championship. i'm just saying he didn't do it alone. it's not like the days when jordan "literally" carried his team. i like seeing team-ball. duncan has always been the focal point in every matchup, but what i like about the spurs is that they almost always play team-ball. it's not just one person scoring 40+ points to win a game. they're called boring because they play as a team and usually win.
alaingruen::There's no way the Mavs even get to the Finals last year, let alone win, if Nowitzki doesn't have an all time great playoff run. He is the only reason they won. The only player since Jordan to win a title single handed like that was Duncan in '03.
Cactus Pool::He was just the MVP of the finals because he filled the need at the time.
txryguy2.0::u don't always need a single individual player. look at the mavs last year. nowitzki was good but he didn't carry them. it's a team game. and Pop knows how to make the team game work if his players listen.
alaingruen::Yeah, he played great, no doubt about that, but I'm talking about a player that is capable of leading us to a championship, and I just don't think we have that guy. Which pains me to say.
Zo3313::He stepped up and thats all that matters
alaingruen::Yeah but no one in their right mind thinks he carried us to the finals. Even Parker as he was winning it was saying none of it was possible without Tim. They were triple teaming Duncan the whole series and Parker was making jump shots. There's no way Parker was the actual MVP of that team.
Zo3313::Parker Finals MVP
alaingruen::Yeah but the only proven guy to carry us to a title is Duncan. Hell there's only like three or four guys in the league that are proven to carry a team to the title.
txryguy2.0::u know cuban "pitched a tent" when he saw the spurs were out of it.
alaingruen::I don't think there's any way we would have beat OKC, Dallas, and then Miami. We're just too old, passed out window. Duncan can no longer carry us through the playoffs like before.
playinaround2::past our window.  With which I agree mainly because Bowen was such an important part of keeping that window open.
playinaround2::What real Spurs fan still thinks they're "old"? Dallas and Miami are both older, and were last year as well. TD is old, and that matters; but it's not by any stretch an old team.
txryguy2.0::okc was the only team i was worried about really
alaingruen::*passed our window
Zo3313::Mavs struggle against the Spurs in the playoffs. Only time they whipped us in a playoff we didnt have Manu
txryguy2.0::exactly
txryguy2.0::z-bo and gasol were just too much for some reason. they were hot....
Zo3313::If RJ and Bonner disappear in the playoffs again at least we have Green and Splitter to come in and play
Zo3313::Naw I get you, you have to see it to believe it. Im with you. but what has me excited about Green and Splitter is that they dont need to score to make a difference in a game.
alaingruen::I'll agree with you there, that is the main difference.
Spurs4life93::my thoughts exactly. Bonner &amp; RJ are has-beens
Zo3313::They aren't one dimensional players like RJ and Bonner and plus Splitter was MVP in Euroleague while winning a championship there
alaingruen::And believe me, it pains me in the deepest way to have to say that.
Zo3313::Relying in Splitter Neal and Green coming off the bench is pretty good.
alaingruen::I'm not saying it's not possible, I just think if you're hoping for Splitter and Danny Green to come in and save the day come playoff time, I think that's a long shot. Superstars have to carry you to a title, and our guys just can't get it done anymore.
alaingruen::I'll trust those guys in the playoffs when I see it. Pretty risky having your hopes rest on those two guys' shoulders, no?
nu life::Good teams find ways to win without key players like the spurs are doing without  Mano.  8 games above .500.  My grizz could take lessons and come together without Z-BO.  Not time to panic yet, but the next 9 or so home games could decide their season.  They better win at least 8 out of 10 @ home, and they just dropped  the 1st one.
royboy1978::Tony Allen wasn't playing tonight due to an injury.  Plus, we're missing Darrell Arthur for the entire season.  We shouldn't have traded Shane Battier and Grevis Vasquez.  So in essence, this season so far has been a disappointment.  There are still plenty of games left to play.  Hopefully, we'll get it together after the All-Star weekend.
nu life::As I posted before, I hope you're right man, I hope you're right.  We're just falling back by too many points opening these games lately.  It's  just the support guys who can't come through with point this year so far.  But last year we had trouble with guys coming off the bench.  O J had his failed substance test, etc...etc...etc, and they still came around.  So, here's hoping.
royboy1978::Hey if a 9-7 Giants team can win a Superbowl, then the Grizzlies has the potential to make it to the playoffs.  Remember its not how you start the season, its how you finish.
nu life::I hope you're right man.  I hope you're right.
txryguy2.0::that's why Pop is so awesome
duncan21dynasty::Popobitch is the most overrated coach in NBA history.
nu life::Yup.  Pop is awesome.
mjeric55::sad to say the fortunes of your team relies on zach
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::Spurs clicking on all right cylinders....they just need to keep a fine tune...don't want that motor sputtering.
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::righeight cylinders
Zo3313::Green and Splitter really make a difference
mjeric55::spurs always finds the right players
Spursdc::clutch fts at the end. He did not look bothered by the situation
royboy1978::If we're swept by the Spurs, then so be it.  It aint the end of the world.
benjo4gm::tim duncan, have a game
mjeric55::you mean the greatest pf of all time have a game?
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::@bookie, and the Spurs are 3-0 against your lilbears
Zo3313::This is our best deepest bench since 07
A11Wor1d::Agreed mjeric....lol.....but you know, to me, the Spurs are built a little different this season than last season to the point where even if RJ falls off a little bit, i think they have enough pieces to make up for that. Then factor in Manu, he'll help alot. Then like i was saying about Splitter, he adds another dimension to where RJ falling off may not look that bad. Then you never know, this may be the season that Bonner finally breaks through his playoff shooting slump.....One of them i think will break through, or even both.....If that happens, then the Spurs will be really hard to matchup with...
mjeric55::hope jefferson doesnt choke in the playoffs
alaingruen::That's been the Spurs' problem for years now. We play great in the regular season and then our role players choke in the playoffs. It's not just Jefferson; when was the last time Bonner made a three in a playoff game. The only non-big three player who has played well in the playoffs for us since '08 was Gary Neal last year. Gotta get these comfortable in the playoffs, if not, it's another first round exit.
A11Wor1d::Speaking of pieces and parts, I think Splitter changes the Spurs dynamic and adds another dimension that they didn't have last season, even though he was on the roster.....Duncan is really benefiting from Splitter's emergence....
A11Wor1d::The "pieces" on this team matchup much better with other teams this season.
mjeric55::agree... and the  parts fit well together.
Zo3313::Man cant wait till Manu and Ford get back. Spurs will be a legit threat to any team if they stay healthy
Zo3313::Neal is a good ball handler but is a shooting guard
Spursdc::I like him at the 2 but hate him as a pg
mjeric55::lets hope  popovich wont do anything silly again in the last 10 games of the season
Spursdc::ford has handle and passes well, which limits Gary neal's minutes at pg
mjeric55::damn the spurs are looking solid for 1 more title run...
alaingruen::As much as it pains me to say this, I still agree with Parker. Do you honestly see the Spurs winning four best of seven series'?
txryguy2.0::funny parker counted them out at the end of last season.
Spursdc::you dont know b-ball
Zo3313::Ford was playing really well for us as a Backup. He looks really happy playing with the SPurs
Bookiebreaker48::FORD IS A JOKE BUD MANU I AGREE
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::ImAllIn is all out $@%!$@%!
nba is the worst::<b>MARC DAVIS - CROOKED REF</b>
Spursdc::Hopefully, we get the Jazz in the 1st round
FrankPistachio211::Yeah, that was REALLY bad towards the end of the game. That last reviewed play was clearly off on Gasol.
nba is the worst::Can't stand that guy
Bookiebreaker48::NO IT WAS NOT....PLZ TAKE OFF YUR HOMER GOGGLES
Bookiebreaker48::NICE WIN SPURS....U BARELY BEAT A GRIZZLIES TEAM SHOOTING BAD......RUDY GAY REALLY SUCKS
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::And they're 3-0 against them
txryguy2.0::well, maybe spurs can start winning some on the road finally...
Zo3313::A Win is a Win
Bookiebreaker48::AGREED A WIN IS A WIN....
txryguy2.0::go spurs and stuff!
Spursdc::Time to check out other scores
Spursdc::The Grizz is still a tough match up for the Spurs
mjeric55::yes leonard, splitter and green are the defensive gems
A11Wor1d::And it appears that "Spurs D" is starting to show up this season.....unlike last season...
A11Wor1d::I think it's a different series this time around......Splitter playing more and looks more comfortable and a healthy Manu. Just like Randolph, a healthy Manu changes everything in the series. And I like what Duncan is doing this season.
Cuban0917::No the Spurs are not a half court team anymore. They want to run up and down the court just like OKC.
mjeric55::yes especially with randolph and allen playing
mjeric55::green, leonard, splitter will be critical for the spurs plus a healthy big 3 come playoff time...
Zo3313::Not bad for an Old Team ay Grizz fans.lol  How did you like that block on Gasol?
royboy1978::Eh, it was so so.
ImAllIn0824::OK, NOW PEOPLE ARE SAYING SPRS CAN BEAT OKC, THAT MEANS ITS TIME TO GO. QUICK, FAST, AND IN A HURRY.
Cuban0917::Okay, so you think that the Grizz would have a better shot with OKC..... The Grizz had one good year and the Spurs have had a outsiding decade.
The Gleeps::what are you saying?
Spursdc::beat them day before yesterday
SpursFan6::Your an idiot....
nu life::I thought 18 was bad.  But maaaaan.  When this team goes cold, they never get it back.  11 points!  Really?  11 points!  Once again, this painful.
royboy1978::It's too bad that the winner of the NBA Championship is going to come from the Eastern Conference.  No one from the West looks solid this year.
royboy1978::It's true.  Look at Chicago, Miami, and even Indiana.  Those are some tough teams.
playinaround2::Chi, Mia, Ind, Phi are16, 17, 24, and 29 in SOS.
nba is the worst::<b>EAST TOP TEAMS RECORDS ARE INFLATED DUE TO 8 LOSING TEAMS</b>
nba is the worst::<b>FALSE</b>
playinaround2::bazinga?
mjeric55::looks like the spurs have found the right pieces for one last title run
ImAllIn0824::IF SPURS MEET OKC, THEY WIN ONE GAME AT MOST IN THAT SERIES AND I THINK WE ALL KNOW IT.
mjeric55::spurs always owns okc in their head to head games.
A11Wor1d::Not sure even now if OKC is ready to take the next level...Besides, you give me both team's absolute best, with a healthy Manu included and Manu being Manu, Spurs win.....If any coach can gameplan for a team for a playoff series, it's Pop. Yes OKC is deep, but I think The Spurs are a little deeper and I think they have the better bench overall......
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::No knowledge in bb
SpursFan6::I don't know if the Spurs would win that series but it would for sure go at least 6
Cuban0917::The Spurs would win the series!!!!! They have a younger TEAM this year!
A11Wor1d::You sure about that ImAllIn?
mjeric55::id say if ever they meet it would be spurs 4-2
SpursFan6::did you not see what happened Saturday?
jmac22101::rudy gay had an awful night, hes normally sweet, oh well theyll need him theyll never trade rudy
Spursdc::having a 3rd person conversation I see
jmac22101::how long is he signed till?
MadddSammyboy::- Signed,  Rudy Gay
vancity8535::lol
vancity8535::thats our team and we want them back
vancity8535::ya i no
royboy1978::Nope.
royboy1978::So far, it aint our year.  Hopefully, we'll get our at together after the All-Star weekend.  Hopefully, Z-Bo and Tony Allen will return by then.
royboy1978::I believe its an ankle injury.  That's why he didn't play in tonights game.
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::You mad
royboy1978::Huh???
nba is the worst::What happened to Tony?
vancity8535::vancouver grizz
ImAllIn0824::SPURS PUT IN ALL THAT WORK LAST YR TO GET CRUSHED 1ST ROUND. THERES NO REDEMPTION IN THE REG. SEASON, THIS IS THE NBA - NOBODY PLAYS HARD IN REG SEASON ANYWAY (AT LEAST NOT CONSISTENTLY)
Tha Real JD::OMG MY CAPS LOCK BUTTON IS STUCK TOO!
FrankPistachio211::That was the most satisfying win of the season, as a Spurs fan.
FrankPistachio211::Me too. I knew the Laker$ were gonna be screwed as soon as they hired Mike Clown.
Zo3313::If Kobe has to jack up shots all game I love the Spurs chances against them
FrankPistachio211::I was only able to catch the last 2:44, in which Kobe went 1-7, or something like that. Vintage, indeed!
nba is the worst::He sealed the loss with the offensive foul and like 4 forced shots while defended.
nba is the worst::Nice last 5 minutes!   - and did you catch Kobe's vintage 2nd half? Wasted Bynum's 20/20
FrankPistachio211::Absolutely! I was laughing hysterically at the Laker$ coaches "drawing up a play" late in the game, where Kobe just gets the ball and jacks up a fadeaway 3. LMMFAO!!!
MadddSammyboy::The Spurs beat Memphis and the Lakers lost because of Kobe's shot-chucking. Life is good.
Eli Manning goes H A M Archie says God Damn Son::Grizzly Beers
Spursdc::Grizzly bears?
Eli Manning goes H A M Archie says God Damn Son::Tim Duncan is such a beast... I can't wait until playoff time
seemebright::memphis is average without Zach. And Rudy Gay sucks
Eli Manning goes H A M Archie says God Damn Son::Should have traded him
minick_man83::Gay went 9-26 from the field, whoa
mattpundmann2::It is good to see Timmy be Timmy again.  He is one of the last truly humble and truly great athletes.
