BostonHerald::gee....  sure glad the Celtics are playing tonite... There are laws against abusing the crippled
stop banning me for stating the truth about knicks::avery bradley is the best player in the nba because everytime he plays we beat the heat.   --boston fans
celticsfan748::The Atlantic is our Division.
--Snidely Whiplash - 1918::LOL, the putrid celtics can't even get to .500!!
Road dog Red::not with the Knicks now
CAMBO.RAMBO::The Great Celtics is a 2nd half team in the regular season. I guarantee that after the All-Stars break, they will come back to championship form.
--Snidely Whiplash - 1918::Put down the pipe.
Road dog Red::Good game... Good Effort... lmao
jahlove1261::This version of the C's stinks, period. They've got guys that are just playing out the string collecting their checks and waiting for the off season. Time to push the plunger on this group.
RockytopRon::C's have no heart. Time to start over. KG is non-existent, Pierce too most nights, Rondo is playing for a new contract somewhere else and Doc is wishing he would have retired.
TheKilbo::I love Rondo &amp; Bradley, but if they are shooting 6 of 23 from the field, and Collins scores 2 points in 18 minutes, but the bench is finally shooting well, then play the bench!!!
Denis2224::Lakers and Celtics are having the same problems.
Dave6673::I really thought Avery Bradley's 5.6 points per game career average would be a big boost for the Celtics, but then I remembered they have Kevin (I have never been in a bar fight) Garnett to brick jumpers and not rebound again and again and again...
--Snidely Whiplash - 1918::How many games under .500 do you think the celts will finish?
nhraven52::12
thedealerkuo::he is saving all his energy to block all those after the whistle shots.  got to protect the hoop at all times
Dave6673::those are the only shots he blocks!
_I Am A Celtic_::Both teams played hard
Shaun0088::The Celtics will be fine.People dont seem to notice the Celtics are a complete new team pretty much.Still lots of games to be played and its only January.They have 9 new players on the team plus this team is pretty young (yes thats correct).To adress the "rebounding" that people keep talking about.Please notice that the Celtics dont even try to rebound they dont care about rebounds.
shcelts18::Shaun, you're not understanding what he's saying.  We all know we have 9 new players on this team and yes, I didn't expect them to mesh instantly either, but this is getting to the point in the season where they need to figure it out.  The rebounding that "they don't care about" worked in the past because we had an offense that was smooth, ran plays, and we hit shots.  It was more important to us that we take our one "good" shot and get back down the court to set up our defense b/c we had one of the top 3 half-court defenses in the league.  We don't have that anymore.  So what happens is we are not running a good offense at all, and when we miss that one opportunity at a shot, we aren't getting another opportunity from offensive rebounds.  On top of that, our defense blows and Doc still thinks this strategy will work.  We will continue to lose playing like this.  I've seen more desparation heaves as the shot clock expires this season than in any other.  Our offense is stagnant and until that changes, this "we don't care about offensive rebounds" thing should be out of your head.
--Snidely Whiplash - 1918::I don't think he's bright enough to comprehend what we are saying.
Shaun0088::Watch the games and you'll see what im talking about.This team doesn't really try getting rebounds.
--Snidely Whiplash - 1918::LOL.... you really are dense.
Shaun0088::Like I said watch the next game and you'll see it.They'll be fine 9 new players isn't going to have instant results of wins.
--Snidely Whiplash - 1918::And a team that doesn't care about rebounding isn't going to result in a winning record.  You should learn a little about basketball.
Shaun0088::Watch the next game and you'll see how they dont even try to rebound especially offensive boards.Yes they'll be fine did you people really expect a pretty much complete new team to come in and win instantly?
--Snidely Whiplash - 1918::Do you really expect a team that "doesn't care about rebounds" to do well?
--Snidely Whiplash - 1918::And, no, they won't be "fine".
Shaun0088::They'll be fine and yes they dont care about rebounds Watch them play the only rebounds they slightly care about are defensive rebounds other then that they dont even try to rebound.9 new players on a team isn't going to have instant results it takes time they'll be fine.
--Snidely Whiplash - 1918::Do you even understand how basketball works?  If they "don't care about rebounds" as you foolishly claim, they will never be a good team.
--Snidely Whiplash - 1918::So because they "don't care about rebounds" (which is a stupid statement in itself) means it's not a serious flaw?  You are delusional, this is a terrible team.  As for it "only being January", the great Yogi Berra said it best.  "It get's late early around here"
--Snidely Whiplash - 1918::I wonder how many games under .500 the celtics will finish this year?  Any guesses?
Road dog Red::Good Efforts guys , Good game... lol
Grindhouse2413::Great effort Memphis, Great game
HeatLaughAtRegularSeason::Heat will repeat Easily!
Syrindge::Thought this was interesting. Jeff Green’s #’s right after the trade in 10/11 and this year                   10/11 (26 gm);          2012 (31 gm)  Minutes –       23.5;                        23.4  Rebounds –    3.3;                           3.2  Assists -          .7;                            .7  Steals -            .5;                            .8  Blocks -           .6;                            .6  Points –          9.8;                           9.8
YoBrouthaWhatUp::What happened to Shrek and Donkey.
YoBrouthaWhatUp::The Boston Sleestacks are done.
Cmarks07::worst attempt ever.
Syrindge::The entire Celtics team has lost thier confidence. I hope they can get it back.
Dave6673::The 7 defensive rebounds and zero blocks kg is averaging right now are simply dominating. What a great three year signing
bernardhard::Why are all the Celtics fans getting mad? You got blown out by one of the best teams in the NBA. Deal with it.  Your glory days are over. All great empires fall. Its Memphis Grizzlies era now!
Cmarks07::sooo heat era?
bernardhard::That will your last great memory of the Celtics for awhile. Your team is to old to do anything now. But in 20 years, we can talk again. That's when the Celtics will be relevant again! ... Go Grizzlies! Western Conference Champions this year!!!
NY NBK Far Superiorx::actually we're still living in the Heat Era but whatever
ThatsGoodSoup7963::The Celtics are bumming me out.
_I Am A Celtic_::<b>C's!</b>
luisrufino::Dunno but there dominating the east arent they? And they have beaten some of the best teams in the west. So a lot this year
NY NBK Far Superiorx::suck
kceller12345::How long has it been since the Knicks accomplished anything?
kceller12345::HOw long has it been since the Knicks accomplished anything?
jrod5591::All I heard from Celtics fan at the beginning of the year was how they were so improved and only lost to Heat because of injuries. Well looks like the Celtics are old and OVERRATED.
giangir::Only reason heat series was closelast year was because bosh missed most of it
Cmarks07::lol really?
mack8432::You could have said the same exact thing at this point in the season last year.
DR Jack ram::Joe Johnson and jammer Nelson crossover Paul pierce LMFAO Jason terry takes and bricks a 3 LOL Give rondo 10ft then rebound the brick LMFAO Celts 14-17 LMFAO Celtic titles came when League had 4 teams LMFAO
BeantownBomber718::My issue is Doc Rivers. Never thought I would say that but it's the truth. We draft Kris Joseph, Fab Melo and don't use them at all. He finally plays Avery Bradley in his 2nd year and it pays dividends. His play calls offensively are becoming predictable &amp; stoppable. And now the Defense isn't even up to par anymore. We call up Vernado from D-League where he average 4 Blocks a game and don't even play him! By just looking at Vernado I see a 6"10' slim &amp; very long armed PF with Defensive history before being called up, so why not play the guy? He could be another Ibaka and we need defensive players to create offense. Guarantee Vernado plays better D than Brandon Bass &amp; Jason Collins. We need a Big trade, a turn around or something because this team isn't cutting it and it starts at the coaching.
ThatsGoodSoup7963::$@%!.
Boston Bruin Fan::How did Bradley look?
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Avery Bradley, PG	20	2-6	0-2	0-0	0	0	0	0	1	0	0	3	-12	4   He's got a ways to go.
cjelardo::This is beautiful....the Smelltics won't even make the playoffs.  If they do back in, they'll be one and done.
BeantownBomber718::Awww.. you mad because your team has no History of Glory. Celtics &amp; Lakers made this league so your team could be here. Don't believe me, look up the history.
Boston Bruin Fan::pat yourself on the back
Name100021::Nice roster Celts. FIRE DANNY FREAKING TOWEL FACE AINGE
nhraven52::Bradley might be better if he opened his eyes.
Name100021::Oh no he's the savior. What a joke this city is sometimes
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::Celtics will go on a 39-12 after this to finish 53-29
Name100021::He's a PINK HAT
Big_time_sports_knowledge::drrug test this guy
amiller244::The celtics should have taken a lesson from the Spurs and started getting younger earlier, but instead their big free agent move is getting old man Jason Terry. Now basically their whole core is just about ready to retire. C's better make some moves quick or it's gonna be a long rebuilding project.
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::Stupid statement
JrueRandallHoliday::... an even more stupid statement.
cawsnallthis::Grizzed in the face!!!
Carbon-based::KG is trash now
tomBabauts::Wade stopper Bradley can't even stop Tony freaking Allen. LOL
BeantownBomber718::He wasn't guarding Tony Allen idiot. Rondo was. And Bradley only played 20 mins. and is getting back into gametime form. Damn, go learn basketball then comeback when you develop some knowledge.
Knicks_Will_Win_The_East::The Celtics suck HAHAHAHAHAHA
Crooklynism::The Truth is a Lie!!
JrueRandallHoliday::KG playing average this year after shining bright last season and the playoffs... never mind, he got his 36 million over three year extension!
jeffcastillo1970::Been following this bet system called Sportsbettingstar. I doulbed my initial balance my first month and made almost $3000 my 2nd month just following its bets. You can find the system on the first page of Google by searching for sports betting systems.  I have bet on sports for years and this is one of the better systems I have tried.
5891jonathan::$@%! up.
5891jonathan::Boston looks like it's in trouble this year. I don't see this turning around.
Big_time_sports_knowledge::so??? and???
mattal11::My bet , D.A. trades Green or Bass for a center.
mattal11::Danny Ainge making a Trade for a center
mattal11::second half of season
mattal11::Haha
watchDreplay::what happened to bradley is so good he'd shut wade dowNN?
mattal11::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=34gviEcQCOA         Avery Bradley Blocks Dwyane Wade - Heat @ Celtics 4/1/2012 .
mattal11::he has , check it out
mattal11::Darrell Arthur was 0 for 13 shooting 3`s, now he`s 2 for 16 after going 2 for 3 against the Celtics tonight. Who was guarding him on those two 3 `s he made?
Abomb27::Everyone is talking about how the Lakers suck this year, people need to talk about how pathetic the C's have been. They might not even make the playoffs in the pathetic east.
2524thomas::Pathetic?...21-10 Knicks..stop by and watch them beat San Antonio 2morrow 2 make it 22-10..
Abomb27::Same Knicks who lost to Portland, Houston (2), Chicago (2)
OmniVoid::That awkward moment where Rondo said Bradley is the best defending guard and Conley and Allen go for a combined 38 points lol
mattal11::First game back from double shoulder surguries.Watch the second have of the season, and you`ll get his statement.
Kobelies247::And i thought being a Blazer fan was pathetic!  WRONG!
mattal11::ya Jailblazers
orjr101::Damn, Boston is TERRIBLE....
memphisgroove::KG had trouble with Pau. Pffft!
memphisgroove::The C's are lucky they don't have to worry about the Grizz in the finals...because the C's suck.
rob31369::This has now become the "transitional" season for the Celts.
mattal11::You give up easy.
knight_rider_1983::poof.............ta da
