jsn23nc::Charlotte dont need to hang their head down, Dallas whole team was hitting threes when I seen the PG Collison hit  a floater from the three point line right before halftime to go up by eight, I knew it was just their night. It's going to be funny watching them come back to earth. No team will hit threes like that on a consistent basis.
machinegunkelley80::oj will put up 30 im one game and go for 2 the next. wish him all the luck in the world but i honestly think memphis is better without him
41Mavsmaniac::The difference between preseason Mayo and Season Mayo is that he has slowed down his shot! Im glad he did because he is now consistent. Watch all his shots in this game he was able to step into them. Dirk is going to require a double team which will allow Mayo to keep stepping into his shot! I'm a big Mavs fan so I have high hopes in our team this year!
CandySparker::I like Mayo Suzukaze.
vikespurplepride21::Been betting with an online system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months. I have made over $3,000 a month now for three straight months since I started following it. This system was on the very first page of Google when I searched terms like Baseball Betting System or Sports Betting System. It is extremely popular and if you have not heard of this system I highly recommend it.
thel1195::There is a great vibe going on right now.  The young guns came to play, and once we get everybody up to par (Elton Brand - I'm looking at you)  this will be a surprising underdog squad.  Glad Kaman come off the bench to just work back into the rotation.  Dirk will need to do the same thing.  It may work better, all things considered, if he stays on the 2nd team for a while.
Nowitzki.::LOL Dirk ain't coming from the bench..
slapshotcity123::Oh my, Juice Mayo actually did something. Don't get used to it Mavs fans
Aeiouy.com::Rick Carlise gets more out of players than anyone in the nba.  Collision and mayo will be great this year and likely get signed to big contracts elsewhere.  Dallas coaches made Tyson chandler into the player he was supposed to be.  Watch the same for this backcourt.
Griffin1634::LOL Memphis fan mad that his team is stupid enough to let him go
DeltaHedge::charlotte will win more than 15 games this year---mark it down.  Michael's not going to put up with all those losses.
thegooddoc247::What's he gonna do, come back wearing the 45?
Eg214::Kamen &gt; D12
wolfpackfan99::There goes the Bobcats' hopes of a perfect season... up in flames
Mizzle85::Lmao.
no look high five::Cows win tomorrow.
Tony67397::NOWITZKI IS A FIRST BALLET HALL OF FAMER
lebasket::didn't know he was into ballet too.
sean3653::nowitzkis terrible
sean3653::wow evry1 knows im trolling -________________- smh
sean3653::dirk is the worst powerforward of all time totally non clutch utter garbage all he does is shoot no postgame weak cant rebound
sean3653::wow no ones falling for my troll -_______-
Tony67397::LOL THATS A FUNNY JOKE
Tony67397::AL JEFFERSON WAS A BEAST IN HS HE AVERAGE 43PPG 18RPG 7BPG
thegooddoc247::"WAS"
cancerbaby08::I love what I'm seeing from this Mavericks squad. Hopefully Mayo can stay consistent...if so, they are going to be scary good! Go Mavs!
roastbeafman87::Why does the headline say "Mavs stay perfect?"
Nowitzki.::16-0
Knut6345::Course they are 15:0 vs Charlotte?
Knut6345::Maybe it schould be "Mavs stay perfect against Charlotte"... you're right.
roastbeafman87::Makes it sound like they're saying they haven't lost this season.
Kev_010::It'll be funny if this becomes Bobcats only win with 50 losses afterwards.
Mizzle85::Yeah. It would. Too bad it ain't happening.
ArLawliet::<a><b>yoh</b></a>
Dallas Mavs Where Plan Z is Greater than Plan A::<div style="text-decoration: blink;">&nbsp;<br> <span><a> <b> <i> <u> Mavs win!!</u></i></b></a></span><span style="">...</span><span style=""></span></div>
TCluvcarpanthers::If the Cats offered Al Jefferson around 70 million over 4 years, he would sign with the Bobcats.  A young, POSSIBLE nucleus of Kemba, MKG, Shabazz, Gerald Henderson, and Biyombo would be attractive to a free agent.
Tony67397::WE WNT TO THE SAME HS SAME YEAR HE WAS A BEAST
Tony67397::AS OLD AS AL JEFF IS HE WONT GET THAT MUCH
TCluvcarpanthers::He's 27 and is in his prime.
Angel Lizardo::<a>I am suprised that there are bobcats fans that have the balls to be here<b></b></a>
Rhett1979::I was a mavs fan in the 90's - If you have been a mavs fan for that long you know what they are going through. Their Dirk could only be a trade away . . .
Mizzle85::Don't be.
Tony67397::KD35 FOR MVP
sean3653::nah LBJ
TCluvcarpanthers::Bobcats in 2013-2014  PG: Kemba/Ramon Sessions/Leonardo Barbosa SG: Shabazz Muhammad/Gerald Henderson/Leonardo Barbosa SF: MKG/Jeff Taylor/Reggie Williams PF: Al Jefferson/Byron Mullens/Dejaun Blair C: Bismack Biyombo/Brendan Haywood/Aaron Gray  A man can dream, right?
Mizzle85::Sorry Knut. Didn't mean to insult you. I thought you were talking crap but now I see where you're coming from. We will have to agree to disagree on Jefferson though cause I don't think we will be the worst team again. But we can agree that my team nerds to continue to build through the draft and Jefferson isn't a player I would want to overpay too much for. But we desperately need a back to the basket type of player like Jefferson or Zach  Randolph.
TCluvcarpanthers::That's kinda the plan... We already knew that.
Knut6345::Al Jefferson? WHAT? He will NEVER sighn with a Team like Charlotte... he's way too good! The rest is quite possible!  But maybe (if they get the 1st pic) Zeller would be a better option!
Knut6345::Oh, kid... if you need to insult, that only whows your stupidity! Course other teams have some experienced Veterans and not only Rookies or softmores... you HAVE to go the way OKC did. Means no big FA (and Jefferson is one) is going to sighn with the worst NBA Team! You need to Draft your talent like OKC with Durant/Westbrook/Ibaka/Harden/Maynor! So if you can get him, take Zeller if you need a scoring big Man, take Noel if you need a defensive big, or take Muhammad if you need a scoring Swingman!  BUT CHARLOTTE WILL NOT GET A TOP FA NEXT SUMMER! Maybe even Mayo is an Option... 40/4 and he might sighn. Take Zeller in the Mix and you have a pretty good team!
Mizzle85::Way better in what way clown? You hoes live in the present too much. When MKG, Walker, and Biyombo developed more, added on to a Cody Zeller or Noel or Mohammed, how many "way better" teams with cap room are you predicting? Not everyone can go to LA or NY clown. There is such thing as a salary cap.
Knut6345::Ok... die hard Bobcats Fan... I can respect that too!  @Mizzle: Shut up... There will be way better teams with a lot of Cap... so why should he sighn with the worst one? By the way... what is Dallas going to do if they can't sighn Howard or Bynum... maybe give the Money to the 3rd best C/PF on the market? o_O
Mizzle85::You're talking about Al Jefferson like he's Lebron or something. If Charlotte offered him the money, he'd take it. Stop talking like an idiot. Not every player in the world is a nut rider for big market teams.
no look high five::Yeah Knut. Give him a break.... he's an open Bobcats fan. That takes serious balls and I respect it. For real.
TCluvcarpanthers::Can I dream?
Tony67397::NOT EVEN BETTER THAN THE PRESENT TEAM
TCluvcarpanthers::...Sarcasm?
Mizzle85::We need points from the front court. They do nothing for us.
Mizzle85::This the same Al Jefferson that's spent most of his career in Minnesota and Utah? I'm pretty sure he'd have no problem signing in Charlotte.
Knut6345::TCluvcarpanthers - Al Jefferson can provide that.  But he will never sighn with the Bobcats... thats the problem!
TCluvcarpanthers::Al Jefferson can provide that.
no look high five::Still not sure if you're looking at a serious playoff team there.
no look high five::Bobcats need to focus on developing their talent. If their young guys aren't constantly in the gym trying to get better then they will never come close. - They will also need to get lucky at least once in free agency.
Mizzle85::It'll take some years. We are willing to wait.
TCluvcarpanthers::In the weak East, that's a playoff team with potential to be elite after the young players grow.
Tony67397::WE LOSE TERRY  GET MAYO LOSE KIDD GET COLLISON LOSE HAYWOOD GET BRAND &amp; KAMAN AND 3 SOLID DRAFT PICKS.....THATS A WIN
Tony67397::KAMAN HAS TO STAY HEALTHY
basket_guru::this team isn't worse than 2011. at least now Mavs got a center, who can play good offense.
Tony67397::MAYO AND COLLISON GURANTEED TO BE BACK NEXT YEAR
Knut6345::No their not... not if we wanna get a hand on a top FA... Player Option and final Offer... if they continue to play like that, other teams will pay them a huge amount of money, that Dallas can't match if they wanna sighn Howard for example!
no look high five::Dwill and his twitter account can go eat a d***.
duke_mavs_panthers_braves_::Agreed. Plan Z is better than Plan A lol. Plus we will have lots of cap for next season. Cuban is the man
no look high five::If the Mavs had a days rest between LA and Utah they would be a Dirkless 3-0 right now. Impressive to say the least.
Mizzle85::Respect to you Mav fans. The superior team proved they were indeed that tonight. You guys will shock a lot of people and probably pull off a shocker in the playoffs. Dirk and Mayo will be a prolific scoring combo once he returns.
Nirvanafan21::Mayo's going to improve. I think Mayo came to Dallas, knowing that he will work harder, and have a better role in Dallas than he did in Memphis. Carlilse is a great coach and is going to improve Mayo as a player and person.
basket_guru::Basic Mavs players are Dirk, Kaman and Collison. Mayo is very average player. Yes, he can score, but he is very weak on D and sometimes shooting very bad. VC is still better and must be a starter. and Wright looks also pretty well.
Tony67397::U DONT KNO BASKETBALL
Delontes Alter Ego::Anyone watching the Clips game on the NBA Network?
Delontes Alter Ego::F uck it, I'm going to go talk s hit about Lamar over there.
Orange-Blooded::^ This. ^
Tony67397::&lt;&lt;&lt;
Iverson3504::Remember... Mahinmi for collison. Wow!!
41Mavsmaniac::I love the trade! Mahimi has a great heart for the game, brings energy off the bench, and is a pretty solid rebounder. But collison is clearly improving every year, I appreciate the city of Indiana for the much needed point guard. I can say I'm an occasional fan of the pacers now for the gift!
Mizzle85::I never liked that deal on the Pacers end. You guys easily won that trade.
Taco with a Q::As a Pacers fan it worked our way too...We needed a guy behind Hibbert...Collison I liked but he was expendable
Iverson3504::Me too but we upgraded at every position
Justinkm83::Robbed. I liked Mahinmi too.
Tony67397::I DID TO BUT I DIDNT SEE THAT COMIN
Justinkm83::It was good to FINALLY see Haywood in another uniform.
Tony67397::DA UNDERDOGS IN DA EAST TO MAKE SOME NOISE IS.....................................................BUCKS
Tony67397::OK
Delontes Alter Ego::na boi yus trippn'
damixedone08::I am happy to see the mavs succeeeding without Dirk. I am quite shocked but they are holding it down without him
Dallas Mavs Where Plan Z is Greater than Plan A::Kaman &gt; Howard
Delontes Alter Ego::MFFL... Still, smh
Dallas Mavs Where Plan Z is Greater than Plan A::We are winning without Dirk
Tony67397::U PEOPLE CANT FORGET U WAS RUNNER UP FOR ROY WHEN D ROSE WON ROY
Orange-Blooded::I didn't even know there was a runner up.
kyler55ek::2 place is pretty damn good
Tony67397::ALMOST ISNT GOOD ENOUGH
Delontes Alter Ego::I almost won Rookie of the Year?
Delontes Alter Ego::Give the Bobcats a few years, and they'll be solid contenders in the *East, hell, Mizzle, I'll even say I bet they show significant improvement this season. That being said, these Mavs are going to compete and shock some people too. JJT, you've been bookmarked.
41Mavsmaniac::Kidd-Gilchrist is a GREAT pickup! I hope the best for the bobcats because all that talent shouldnt go to waste on playoff-less team
Mizzle85::Thank you. And I don't doubt that about the Mavs. I think they recovers well from their original failed plan with the Mayo and Brand moves and will still be in contention for a title if they are able to land a max player, like Howard. I think you guys will be in the playoffs though. Something I couldn't imagine at first once free agency started and things didn't go as expected.
Tony67397::BOBCATS...WEST?????????????
Delontes Alter Ego::Psht.
Iverson3504::What does mizzle want? Blow his team out of the water and he says you suck.. Imagine if it would have been close! So the mavs missed on Dwight and deron. So what? They reloaded in an economical and flexible manner that keeps options open for someone like josh smith.. But the beauty of the mavs is that if plan a falls through, plan b or c will still give us a competitive season. As we know from experience, once you're in anything can happen (cat fans wouldn't understand)
Rhett1979::Not rebuilding. Rebuild implies its been built before. Not the case for the Bobcats. It has just been a long streak of suck.
Mizzle85::I don't want anything. Just pointing out that we are rebuilding and we know what we are. Not one part of me would say we were anywhere near as talented as you at this point. I just don't see where all the extra taunting is coming from. In my world, if you're not playing for first, you're playing for last. So since I don't have that "my team is better than yours argument" ima just flash forward to the title game where neither of our teams are present to prove my point which is, don't be a bully unless you're a bully for real.
kyler55ek::seriously he obviously doesnt understand how to run an organization from being a sucky bobcat fan his whole life.
Mizzle85::Actually, clown, the Bobcats haven't even existed a third of my life. You sound too young to know about the Hornets so I won't even get into it. Good luck to your team.
Dallas Mavs Where Plan Z is Greater than Plan A::If we had eddy curry we woulda won a championship
Tony67397::$@%!
Justinjtwang::Not only the Cats went 0-16 against Mavs, they also haven't scored 100+ against us!
Nirvanafan21::Collison and Mayo looked spectacular tonight! I know everybody talked about how Mayo is inconsistent, but he has something that he didn't have at Memphis, a point guard that will set him up and give him a good shot. Memphis was very Rudy Gay and Rudolph centered. Anyways, let's go MAVS!
TCluvcarpanthers::Mizzle85 and other hardcore Bobcats fans, you should join the Rufusonfire.com community. You will be able to share a thread with people with actual sense.
Mizzle85::Lol. I'm already on there homey.
Tony67397::MAVS OWN BOBCATS
Dallas Mavs Where Plan Z is Greater than Plan A::---Forever
Sports.fan.for.life::wanna watch a game but you cant find it on tv? this website is the best!  http://www.frombar.tv/ you'll thank me later
Sports.fan.for.life::this one goes out to all the bobcats fans who hilariously trash talked
InCubaWith2Pac14::Why cant i see Bobcat games on FS Carolinas, or FOX SPORTS SOUTH?
Justinkm83::I can't wait to see Kaman and Dirk. What was he 8-9? The man finds a way to get easy ones.
Justinkm83::Yeah since other big men aren't awkward. Almost all of them are. That makes no sense. He can put the ball in the hoop. That's all I care about. I know I'm glad Haywood is finally gone.
RZA_CONSOLE::kaman - the last of the awkward big men
ACDallas702::He's a dying breed
rockstar on mars::Bobcats on their way to a 1-81 season.
Tony67397::FALSE
Tony67397::BOBCATS DOESNT HAVE GOOD SCOUTS THATS THERE PROBLEM
Tony67397::LA NEEDS A PG CUZ NASH IS ABOUT DONE ALONGSIDE KOBE
