45386::Jazz fans, peep the new blog. Much more personal than the big sites. I write what I see. jazzhoop.blogspot.com
tbest23::Jazz will be a few games over .500 this year. They're good at home and horrid on the road...
unknownmonkey26::Looks like ESPN finally got their stores right,....
wasted_101::WE MAKING MOVES
wasted_101::ITS REAL OUT HERE
wasted_101::BOW BOW BOW
wasted_101::ITS GOING DOWNNNNNNNN
wasted_101::GOT MY MONEY UP NOW I CANT RE UP
wasted_101::WAKA FLOCKA FLAME
wasted_101::MAKE IT CLAPPPPPPPPPPP
wasted_101::CLAP CLAP CLAP BRAVO
wasted_101::WARRIORS STINK JAZZ STINK
CandySparker::I like Flash Gordon.
sjmcb160::When the Warriors and Jazz play, ESPN just plugs in the recap from friday's Jazz/Grizzlies game and calls it a night. Bravo.
Comeonnn::Did you see the mention of the game on the show NBA Tonight on ESPN?  It lasted about 30 seconds and showed a few plays by David Lee and a few from Ellis then showed how they missed the last shot.  Didn't even mention that the Jazz played the game.  Apparently the GS Warriors played against themselves.  Any takers?  I'm offering 20 to 1 odds that it takes a 25 game win streak min before ESPN even mentions that the Jazz exist in the league.
StockonToMalone::Funny thing is that we have like 11 nationally televised games. How that happened i don't know.
Comeonnn::I have to agree with you.  Back when Williams was on the team they would show a few Williams highlights but your right.  I don't usualy see them show much at all from Warriors highlights.   At times Ellis will go for 40+ points yet you wouldn't know it watching ESPN NBA tonight but they will show every Lebron made basket to chew up the 1st 20 minutes
WarriorsGO::Yea it sucks, but eh we gotta earn it. People wanna see winning teams and obviously niether one of us have been winning lately. Especially the Warriors ;/  I dont mean this season. I mean in general
WarriorsGO::Thats how it normally is for us.
Titans Yemen::The person who post the recap article must smoke a big blunts 2 nights.
NiteOwlMom::The AP fired all its writers and employed trained monkeys.
NiteOwlMom::Way to post the same article twice Associated Press. This is last night's re-cap!
kosherkid-ute::A four game winning streak? Nice. To be fair the Jazz have had serious luck facing teams without their best guy but we'll take it!
JazzFanFromINDIA::I Wish that Jazz  improve to 8-3 record ....after Nets Game !!!
Diamonddog1964::Why is the recap over the grizzlies game?
hozjo::To the Aussie guy who wanted to bet a 186 over, I hope you took my $@%!$@% advice and didn't do it.
Coons79::Why didnt millsap play much tonight?
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::He still doesn't get any respect! I hope Sap takes this as fuel and goes more into beast mode.
Comeonnn::Sap got a T for complaining about his foul calls.  By the 5th foul they showed a recap of a few of his fouls showing that on 1 he got called for a foul when he did not touch the guy but got elbowed on the face by Lee.  Yup foul on Milsap.  Then foul number 5 came from a rebound where he did not touch anyone but as the ball came down they decided to call the 5th foul on him then he got T'd up for complaining.
sjmcb160::He kept yelling, "That wasn't an effn foul." haha. Poor guy.
Hibachiarenas::yeah he was in foul trouble early
afronius7::Box score says 5 fouls, maybe that's it.
Leonard22_::A four game winning streak? Who would have thought? Go Jazz!!
JazzFanFromINDIA::http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=358251140856384&amp;set=a.358251077523057.105829.100000145021407&amp;type=3
afronius7::Anyone know what's wrong with Dorell Wright? He's on my fantasy team and he's killing me!
StockonToMalone::Haha he's on mine too and he is sucking it up. i don't know if i should drop him or not
scow79::Yeah.   I don't think he's very good
afronius7::Thanks! I'm gonna give him one more game, he's been atrocious compared to last season.
hozjo::Absolutely. I fully expect, put it in bold letters, the Golden State Warriors to be a playoff team next year. If I did not expect that, I would not have taken the job. And I won’t minimize it with just being a playoff team. We are looking to turn the Bay Area upside down. -Marc Jackson  Upside down you say? well we havent been 26th in PPG in awhile, dont remember being last in the Pacific recently either.
FredBBigg::Now there are THREE good things about Jackson coaching the Warriors: 1- We don't have to listen to him as sports' second worst commentator 2- He leads the Warriors to Jazz victories! 3- The Jazz have the Warriors' pick!
sjmcb160::Interesting...all Utah's starters were + and all Golden State's starters were -  Everyone on Utah's bench was - and everyone on Golden State's bench was +  I wonder if that has ever happened before.
sjmcb160::It must be a misprint because everyone knows that Boozer is Alaska's King Salmon
scow79::Holy Shizzle!
adam_keefe_fan::You see Boozers big ole -39?
adam_keefe_fan::There is no "I" in team, but when Monta squints just right and lets his eyes go a little out of focus, he can see "me".
hozjo::Klay Thompson, Rookie Of The Year Candidate should have been a second or third rounder.
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::there's no third round in the nba
hozjo::And my statement is still true.
hozjo::Marc Jackson deserves the Westphal treatment, wants to play a kind of game his players dont fit. A coach needs to put his guys in the position to succeed, he won't do that we will keep on losing. Instead of rethinking his system he talks about finding players on the bench. We have no one on the bench.
NiteOwlMom::Monta don't wanna play no stinkin' defense! Monta don't wanna pass the stinkin' ball! Fire Jackson NOW!
WarriorsGO::your points are stupid. Our defense hasnt been the problem this year. Its been the offense.
hozjo::Man the Oakland Raiders need a better defense next year, let's turn Carson Palmer into an outside linebacker.
scow79::Oh I see what you did there
scow79::Yeah how dare he ask his players to play defense!   The nerve of some people
hozjo::It does if you want to be effective against the best basketball players in the world. But yea, they should burn all their energy staying in front of people they still can't guard and slow down the pace of the game so their stats are worse and they don;t get paid. Why didn't you figure this out earlier?
scow79::It doesn't take good hands or large wingspans to stay in front of your guy on defense.   Just desire and hard work.
hozjo::Yea, ask undersized guards and forwards with bad hands and small wingspans to defend. That sounds like a great idea. These players weren't acquired for their defensive skills or potential. That isn't what they do, it isn't what they can do.
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::so what happens if the jazz don't get the W's pick this year? what's the stipulations for next year? unprotected?
scow79::Well I hope you're right.   TACOREV
TAC0REV::I am...  http://www.prosportstransactions.com/basketball/DraftTrades/Future/Jazz.htm  See the bold on the right-hand side
TAC0REV::It's actually top-7 protected this year, top-7 in 2013, and top-6 in 2014. If we don't get it in 2014, it becomes 2014 and 2016 second round picks
JazzFanFromINDIA::Tocarev is right...i heard the same thing too !!
the27guy::Scow's right.
scow79::Top 6 protected next year.   If they don't get it next year then it turns into second round picks.
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::how can that be right? i thought the more years it goes the more "unprotected" the pick becomes
hothibachi::So I was watching this game on NBATV.  A built, incredibly athletic-looking big walks in for the Warriors. I think, "Who is that guy?"  Announcers: "Kwame Brown entering the game.  Me: Oh.
NiteOwlMom::Looks are deceiving, aren't they?
sjmcb160::Mark Jackson is a Stockton hater
FredBBigg::Mark Jackson was Stockton-jealous and a locker room cancer when he was with the Jazz.
hozjo::WTF did Gordon $@%!$@% Hayword really drop 18 on us. We be playing defense now bro.
hozjo::Mark Jackson, such great coach we contending again!!! Ya ya give me some more of that purple sizzurp bro.
Football8349544::The Warriors will pull it together
Comeonnn::They r missing their best player in Curry.  I need his ankle to heal, he is killing me in Fantasy B Ball.  For the glimpses of him this year Curry has played well.
supe540::I hope you're right but I'm not optimistic.
scow79::I hope so!   The Jazz want their pick in the draft
49GiaWars::haha!
scow79::The Jazz have lucked out facing teams without their top players.   This is the fourth game in a row
Comeonnn::I think most teams have lucked out in their wins against every team they have played this year.  Lots of issues on all teams.  A win against Dallas one could say... well, They are rusty.  A win against OKC one could say well.... Durant and Westbrook are just having issues, SA is without Ganobli, Lakers Kobe, hurt ect.... You can make excuses for that on most teams this season with the high volume games, hell you can say, they lucked out on the win cuz they beat them on a back to back and they had tired legs.   Excuses are like $&amp;% $($*s everyone has one... yada yada yada
NiteOwlMom::Wins are wins. They have asterisks.
nastorga801::Philly wasn't in the last 4 games. It's been MIL, NO, GS and MEM. Keep hating Scow because you know none of us Jazz fans give a $@%!! A win is a win son!
JazzFanFromINDIA:::$
jazzfan1073::who was philly missin?
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::LOL
NiteOwlMom::Allen Iverson
sportsfan12721::I wish I was one of Sanduskys rape victims.
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::f@g
ScalabrineNutHugger::Why is everyone getting on Monta....If he makes that shot you would all be talking about how much of a star he is
Comeonnn::Agreed, Monta I thought played amazing.  There is a reason he is a top 15 fantasy player, Wanna trade for CJ Miles strait up?
scow79::Where was Biedrins tonight?   Is he injured?
ghettoslider::no they benched him for kwame.. Lol
supe540::Yes.
supe540::Jackson giving Monta serious praise in the post game.
49GiaWars::Overrated Monta please.. When did he make the allstar team? Great player !
hozjo::Monta is the only star whose team does better in the +/- with him on the bench.
ghettoslider::i cant believe the jazz are on a 4 game winning streak
49GiaWars::Told u. warrior cant end strong
jazzfan1073::should win 2 of next 3. 7-4 sounds good to me
49GiaWars::The real Question is where is Dorell Wright!!!
mattgaea55::$@%! you warriors, i hope you all burn in hell
sjmcb160::I don't believe in hell. I win.
mattgaea55::$@%! you sjmcb, i hope your whole family burns in hell
StockonToMalone::gambler?
sjmcb160::douch.ebag and gambler probably.
Oaktown1029::Warriors are playing more defensive minded basketball and no longer are the high-octane offense that people came to see. Jackson's dillema if Warriors don't start winning is he will have a bad and boring team - not very appealing.
Football8349544::Yea but hes like Doc and look where Doc is now?
hozjo::Look at all those titles he won in Orlando and New Orleans!
supe540::Are you talking about Doc Rivers?  The guy who got his chops down over the years in Orlando before he moved on to Boston?
49GiaWars::I agree said it before!  Smart &gt; Jackson!
hozjo::But but but he was a below average point guard for like 17 years, plus he is Phil's brother why wouldnt he be amazing coach bro you hear him on tv he be like yo we gonna be contenders. Also I'm a preacher bro, a preacher, we got tim tebow on our side.
supe540::Like you I've been saying Smart did a good job last year.  Jackson is as raw a coach as one can have.
Patsfan2019::Jackson ----------------- PLAY CHRIS WRIGHT !!!!!!!!!!!
jazzfan1073::Miles 4 minutes tonight? Going to be demanding a trade pretty soon. What could we get out of him?
TAC0REV::Uh... what? Miles has no leverage to demand a trade, he's been terrible
serebro.su::$@%!, we could only hope he starts demanding a trade. CJ Mason Miles could build his own arena with the sheer number of bricks he puts up each game.
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::a team will take him for one kick to KOC's groin
StockonToMalone::a box of rocks at best
UtahQuad::A ham sandwich and a jar of Kosher Dill perhaps?
ghettoslider::dont worry he'll prob play 30 minutes next game w/ how corbin handles the rotation
scow79::Maybe another bench player who has shot himself out of the lineup
marcusshane4321::whatswith gs this season why cant they score high anymore ? im not from us so dont get to watch many if any games. whatever they have changed change back !
CalAggieFan::Coach Jackson is emphasizing defense instead trying to get opponents into a scoring race.  If team can execute the defense the way Jackson wants, you will see more fast break opportunities and points off of bad shots by the other team.  We W's fans are hoping this will happen sooner rather than later.
bigmoe456::apparently you can add mark jackson to the dont bet black coaches list
hozjo::Bro he only got the job cause he Phil Jackson brother, what you mean black, dude white as the doughboy.
sjmcb160::You're right Bigmoe. I mean, Jackson should have never missed that last-second runner.
bigmoe456::its reality..hardly even consider jax black,,but it is what it is
supe540::Now that's a stupid racist remark.  Please don't be a Jazz or W's fan.  Please be a mindless troll.
