Ali Lukie Ozeir::Blake Griffin is playing his best Basket ball of his Career the last 7 game he has over 30 points and 10 rebounds! He is the best PF in the NBA! Blake killed the Jazz he had 40 Points and 10 rebounds! I love the new Blake! GO CLIPPERS!
Jesse Hiatt::Kevin Love is better. You're all impressed by Griffin getting 40-10... when Love got 45-19 against Griffin lol Also over the last 7 games Griffin is averaging 28-11-3 ... however over the last 7 Love is averaging 31-14-4. How can you call Griffin the best, when in all 3 main statistical categories Love is better?
Taylor Manes::The best pf in the nba...you're pushing it just a little..maybe one of THE best pf in the nba
Alan Ogg::best PF is Chris Bosh who can own both at Center and PF.
Justin Taslak::at this point I don't think BG's free throw shooting is a fluke, he's made huge strides this season, especially as of late.
Ryan Wilson::lol if clippers lose to this trash I will cry haha
Taylor Manes::The jazz ain't just trash like the bucks they have their moments n o w that trey Burke is their no I'm not a jazz fan
Gino Foggia::Dear Jazz owners your team has hit a wall, you ticket sells are falling every year it time for a change of scenery! Las Vegas is building a 22,000 seat arena with the most up to date technology. And the kicker is it will be the first arena EVER for bball/hockey in which the roof will open. ( I doubt they use it for NHL/NBA its for the rodeo) But Vegas will be getting a NHL/NBA team soon enough if you're tired of being bored in Utah come to the most exciting town on the planet VEGAS!
Lamonte John::I've never been more bored than the two weeks I spent in Vegas one weekend..at least it seemed like two weeks.  I did find the fountains at the Bellagio to be quite entertaining.  That's about it.  And if you think the current owners of the Jazz would move the team to Vegas you really don't know anything about those owners.  Just keep dreaming.
Jamie Brentwood::Oh my. You are joking right? Utah's ticket sales are in the better half of the NBA, even while having a bad year. Every team hits a wall once in a while--  it's called rebuilding.  It's the sad teams like Brooklyn who aren't even trying to rebuild. Gotta love these ignorant comments about Utah even though Utah is considered one of the best places to live in the country. Gambling, porn, and bright lights in the desert isn't exciting, it's just a dirty lifestyle. Vegas will NEVER get an NBA team because of the gambling and because your residents are tourists.
Kristopher Kleinman::Sorry Gino, just give your mind altering substance time to wear off.
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Clippers are a good team. Just continue treading water till Reedick returns.
Tyrone Flowers::They are going to do better than treading water
Liam Sibson::Love>Aldridge=Griffin
Rafael Reyes::Griffin>Aldridge<=>Kevin Love.
Ali Lukie Ozeir::Blake Griffin is playing Amazing this year he had 35 points vs Portland and against Utah he puts up 40 and 10! Blake is playing like a man who is Possesd . BG is the best PF in the NBA!
Rafael Reyes::Ali Lukie Ozeir I agree with you,in fact i starting to consider Blake one of the top candidates for the Mvp right now.Only the haters and the ones who don't watch the Clippers play,would say otherwise.
Vinh Nguyen::Omg... Blake traveled.. How are you going to take two steps off a pivot?
Weston Carr::common jazz gimme one flippin win moneyline one time...
Wild Silverback::the Jazz didn't score one point in the last 2 minutes... Unreal.
Wild Silverback::Get em JAZZZZZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Wild Silverback::JAZZ BABY !!!
Raul A. Quintana::GO JAZZ!!!
Alissa Dais::Gino you are so dumb its comical.  Utah just did a 8 million dollar upgrade to its arena.  Its probably one of the nicest ones in the league now. Not  only that but the owners of the Jazz are mormon.... why would they go to sin capitol USA!?! And its sales, not sells.
Weston Carr::img cry if the jazz win lmao.. I put 50 on moneyline for the heck of it bc I was up quite a bit today ... spread was nasty..moneyline was sick
Ryan Wilson::lol 7 points in 20 seconds ices the game
Wild Silverback::they'll lose now.. But cover the spread.
Ryan Wilson::Wild Silverback you sure? wat is it?
Weston Carr::just checked the score.. would be so nasty if jazz won lol.. put a whopping 50 bucks on moneyline..for kicks and giggles
Wild Silverback::Get that money !
Dennis McBride::JAZZ always start strong and then just seem to drift to a 12 point loss.  Probably won't even cover the spread.
Wild Silverback::You're insane... IT's a 1 point game..
Ryan Wilson::fink ur right lol
Evander Smart::The Jazz are waiting to be beaten.  The Clips are still reeling from the two close losses this week.
Bruce Koole::Wow, where is Trey Burke?  Great disappearing act
Aamir Farooq::Burks had 8 and 5
John Christensen::Jay Jackson SooDetroit Magazine is a hack!
Jay Jackson::Haters are your biggest fans...
Surfista de Trem::Can't we get ONE Jazz highlight?
Robbie Allen Nahm::I will throw up in my mouth if the Clippers lose...
Lamonte John::OK.
Jacob Call::I'll throw up in my mouth if the Jazz win.  We want Jabari!
Matt Bush::gotta end 2013 with some wins
