bluewhitetitansfight::When Kyrie Irving comes back, judging from their game against the Heat and my Grizzlies last night, the Cavaliers will play much better. That was a fun game to watch, good game to the Cavs! Let's keep on fighting Grizzlies and prove we are truly the best team in the Western Conference!
scottsvb1::When Kyrie  comes back.... move to a 3 guard set and bench down Alzono Gee down to 8-10 minutes a game.  Gee is a waste out there. He can't shoot, or play defense. He's a D ball player at best. That is the wink link to this team.   Cavs won't make the playoffs this year and they won't win 20 games with the line up. If Kyrie comes back and plays the SF position,  Cavs will win 32-35 games as long as they learn defense.
Mr. Bradford::I honestly thought the Cavs were going to get slammed by a couple dozen. Turns out for the first 3 quarters of the game, it was pretty solid. I was a bit surprised, but couldn't post on here because of the trash talkers and trolls after the 3rd quarter ended.   Then the 4th quarter started and the Cavs probably thought this was hockey, because they only showed up for 3 periods of play. It went from 69-62 Cavs to 69-68 Cavs to 76 all to 76-80 Grizz to 84-74 Grizz win. What the heck happened?
grizz0957::Gritt and Grind ....
Terrt10::time to end all sports in the Mistake on the Lake....they will NEVER win!!!!
KYRIEALLTHEWAY::I DONT UNDERSTAND HOW THEY CAN WIN EVERY QUARTER EXPECT THE 4TH THEY NEED TO LEARN TO WORK TOGETHER AND HOW TO CLOSE A GAME.
266Joe::Ive been using this betting system for a couple months now called sportsbettingstar. Making around 2-3K a month profit using this system. You can find the system online by searching for basketball betting system. If you bet on sports at all this system works.
captnb2thep::Cavs are better than their record.  They have been in so many games this season, and I REFUSE to believe that the Cavs are worse than the Browns, even though the Cavs' record says so.
cxlo::Wow.  Varejao best center in the league LOL.
DrawohWasHere::Cavs need Kyrie, Mr. Clutch, back ASAP.    He's what the doctor ordered when it comes to production in close games.
L-Phi::Memphis is going to look scary in the playoffs this year. I feel bad for who ever vs them in the first round.
dancedance65::...and second round...and third round...and fourth round
Uhggly::Hahah ..Waiters can't shoot
ricky2213::Davis has barely even played this year due to injuries. Waiters is having a better yr than Barnes and MKG as well
DrawohWasHere::Except Waiters is one of the top Rookies in the league.    Possibly the 2013 ROY
cxlo::Uh ROY?  Not better than Davis, Lillard, Barnes, or MKG.
Its all my fault::5-16 and he is a ROOKIE! slow your role kid.. A lot of rookies had worse! go to bed troll
FastAsChrisJohnSon28::MEMPHIS GRIZ BABY!!!! I know 4 a fact Gruden is next coach at UT by the way.
Grindhouse2413::could care less
El_Chupa_Nibre::You think people in Memphis give a $@%! about UT?
FastAsChrisJohnSon28::they are going to announce it right before sec championship game
FastAsChrisJohnSon28::im his nephew thats how i know told us on thanksgiving
Jon Gruden..Please Come To The Vols::Any Vols fans up in hurrr?
Grindhouse2413::Hell NO. Ugly $@% orange
Campbell901::NO
We Are Believeland::Great game Grizz fans. I don't understand why you don't just give the ball to Z-Bo the entire game. Dude controls his defender like a man.
Grindhouse2413::Agree. We should feed the post first every time. Let Marc or Zach touch it first every possession
BowCephus::Y r some grizz fans so anti Selby??
BowCephus::The potential is there.. He was the #1 recruit over guys like sullinger, Irving, knight, Barnes in 2010 for a reason!! I jus wish they'd give him a shot.. Cuz I think he could b huge off the bench this yr if he gets into his rhythm
sheagabrielleschi::his style of play doesn't work in Hollin's system. Similar to Mayo's situation
BowCephus::I know he wasn't great last yr.. But players do improve.. I mean jus look at his summer numbers!! And it was against rooks &amp; sophomores.. Wasn't like it was against scrubs..  And he had that injury in the preseason.. But the grizz haven't given him enough  PT at all to see what they have in him at all this year
Grindhouse2413::I know I am not. He needs to play more if possible and play as a 2 not a 1. I want Mike or Jay feeding him not him trying to create shots for other people
BowCephus::Exactly he's a 2.. Like a smaller DWade
Jon Gruden..Please Come To The Vols::Hey Lebron, come back man..
YaImFromCleveland::Tank so hard mother fuggers dont have to try me.  First round appearance? can you please remind me
Jon Gruden..Please Come To The Vols::9 points in the 4th? All we were doing was jacking 3's in the 4th.   Pathetic. We seriously need to learn how to close out games.
YaImFromCleveland::Tank, tank, tank
zachzach2020::Gotta love Cleveland fans. They will wait years and years for a winner in that town.
YaImFromCleveland::It will be that much sweeter once we get that chip
Its all my fault::oh zach you got JOKES!?
zachzach2020::Good luck, I may die from old age when that happens.
Its all my fault::better than jumping ship like most current Heat fans :)
FinsCanesHeat 1-3-6::Vancouver*
machinegunkelley80::Ikr I was with Memphis when Wesley person was here. When mike bibby ran the point smh hard times
YenxRenx::1 more loss and the Cavs will as bad without Kyrie as they are WITH Kyrie   lmfao
Its all my fault::Nice try.. now go in your cave :)
erik2806::Big Z may be gone....but Big V is here!
Blackstar2727::Waiters has more shots taken than Kobe...
cxlo::he's terrible.  he'll be lucky to have a 40% FG by the end of the season.  cavs should've drafted barnes.
H.J.I.C.::Kobe has been suprisingly efficient for Kobe this year. But that stat is a bit troubling for Cavs fans..
yata-9arasu::Plus Irving is out.  He is going to be taking more shots now.
yata-9arasu::He is rookie.  Not every rookie can come in and shot 47-48% like Irving.
HunterF4444::Frustrating as hell watching the Cavs this year. Much better team than their record shows.
Clobbersaurus01::The Cavs have a couple of building blocks, and were quite plucky.  They reminded me a little bit of the Bobcats, whom the Grizz played three games ago,  They're not good now, but give them a couple years to grow together.  Develop a core of five or six players that peak around the same time.  Very few organizations can buy championships (Lakers, Celtics, Heat).  Even fewer can sustain excellence (SA, Utah in the 90s) in a small market.  Everyone else these days seems to be playing the tank,peak, tank, peak game, amassing high draft picks that are successful together.  Grizz are kind of an anomaly.  Drafts haven't been great (they've been ok -- Conley, Gay, Arthur vs Thabeet, Gooden), even though they've had high picks.  The talent was amassed through trades and shrewd FA signings.  It's really amazing how they've gelled together while reflecting the personality of the city.
DrawohWasHere::There are that Hunter.    It's more frustrating to the fans and the players of the teams that make them work to the last second like they did with Memphis and Miami the last two days.    now it's on to t he 4th game in 5 days.      I thought this year was suppose to be close to a normal schedule.   Not like trying to jam a bunch of games together like they did in the shortened season a year ago.
YenxRenx::No, the Cavs are PRECISELY what their record shows. They are basically a bottom-3 team with little talent, heart or intelligence. Fact is, this years Cavs are even worse than LAST years Cavs.hahahahahah  I think it is amusing that, year after year, Cleveland fans always claim the Indians, Browns and Cavs are somehow "better than their record". It may be one of the most persistent and widespread cases of mass delusion in history.
Jon Gruden..Please Come To The Vols::you obviously dont watch the games $@%!$@%
GoTigers2015::There were some random acts of Q-Ness tonight, I want Wayne to have a big game off the bench wednesday though, he needs to have another good game
bluewhitetitansfight::Agreed! I hope he can have another game like he did against the Heat where he couldn't stop making threes... that was EPIC.
Grindhouse2413::Q has been playing consistently well this year. I wasnt a huge fan of his last year but I love him this year
AKsparky907::Yeah, he's a good shooter and it will come back. Maybe a few midrange jumpers need to fall before he just keeps launching threes.
rc021363::This is an odd Grizzlies stat for the game tonight, Bayless leads the team with blocks with 2!!  Blocks... you would have thought Gasol or another big guy would lead, not the PG.
GrizTitan::Next up.......Toronto
Wolfy_Pants::cavs up 74-71 7:30 left to play...  they only score 4 more points the rest of the way?!? wow..  good job grizz cant have them all be pretty, but good teams can win the ugly ones too, and the games they really didnt play well enough to win..
rc021363::I am so old, I still remember when Memphis and Cleveland played in the ABA, which is where the Cavs started from.  LOL
GoTigers2015::This game showed our weak point this year defensive rebounding. Marc has got to hit the boards harder, he's 7 foot. I saw a couple possessions where Rudy didn't box out a man. We have to put as much effort into defensive rebounding as we do offensive rebounding or it'll cost us some games
Lordkrimson::The problem the grizz have is quickness in the post. Zbo and Gasol are not going to out quick opposing bigs. If Arthur can get back to where he was this will help but when its long rebounds theres trouble. This is why the nuggets won and we struggle with the clips , if its about position no problem long rebounds where its a foot race....well it is what is.
AKsparky907::Definitely need some work on boxing out. We have faced a couple of really active rebounders lately that made us look worse than we are.
Roge3471::The NBA doesn't have an award for what Varejao does.
tdvols13::Mr. Hustle !!!
YenxRenx::Priceless? Heck, he's darned near WINLESS!!! lol  The one thing the Varejao seems to do consistently is....LOSE!!! He;s a friggin champ at that!!!  The NBA DOES have an award for what Varejao does....it;'s called "LAST PLACE"..hahahahahahahahaha
yata-9arasu::Lol.  Exactly.  I have no clue how to explain how he does what he does.  Lol.  He is priceless...
elchupanibre6::I would love to see a rebounding battle between Anderson V and Manimal.
AKsparky907::Two incredibly active guys.
Billy 51::Don't even mention the Grizz played without Mike Conley in th article............
H.J.I.C.::Cavs fans, we Memphians know what it's like to be ditched by the best thing in his profession (i.e. Califaggot) with no where to go. Hang in there, Cavs fans, ya'll got a great backcourt and Varejo of course and with experience and more draft picks, ya'll will be back.
elchupanibre6::Andy V should be on the allstar team this year, but he probably won't due to other overrated guys in the league in bigger markets
Frank_Einstein1921::The coaches will have to vote him in.
machinegunkelley80::You never miss what you have until it's gone. Conley controls the offence. He actually averages more steals than Tony
AKsparky907::I can remember the first couple of years when he had no shot, would turn the ball over in the clutch, and miss free throws when they counted. He has improved more than I would have ever imagined. Wouldn't  trade him for any other pg.
H.J.I.C.::Russell Westbrick? Lol. It's funny how people think he's a point guard.
roy2daboy::Took him long enough to develop into the leader of the team.  There were times when I wanted his a..ss traded to Timbuktoo.  Now, I'm glad that he is the player he  is today.  Just gotta have patience.
GoTigers2015::This game strengthens the argument for Mike Conley being an all-star. Bayless hit the shot when it counts, but Mike is legit. Probably one of the best pgs in the league as far as controlling a team goes
bluewhitetitansfight::Mike Conley really is underrated. I hope he's back in the lineup next game... we got the job done but it would be nice to have him back. Go Grizz!
AKsparky907::Now that he can knock down the open jumper our team is complete.
yata-9arasu::I love his game!  Even when he played for us at Ohio State.  He is a great defender and he knows how to run an offense.
mafbest::cleveland playing well every night, but they can't close
YenxRenx::The Cavs lack HEART...
Lugene Parker::*EXPERIENCE.  Corrected it for you. -Grizz Fan
GoTigers2015::Well, 10-2 it wasn't pretty, but I'll take it. I'm sorry that Cleveland players are suffering a plague of broken noses. Varejao a beast of course
rc021363::So, Cav Fans,  serious question, and you probably heard it a lot, click "like" if you really want Lebron back.  Or, comment if you did not like what Lebron did.  I am curious how you all really feel.
rc021363::Interesting comments, thanks for replying.  I think it was bad how Lebron left, but I think he would give the Cavs the edge to win more games IMHO.
yata-9arasu::It is 50/50.  I have been a Cavs fan since I moved to America(NY first) and I do not want him back.  I understand and acknowledge that he is a great player but I would stop watching this team if he returned(I would root for Irving from a far though).  Just how I feel....
Its all my fault::$@%! with our lineup.. he would fit perfect.. completely different cavs team this year... hell yes i would take him
Its all my fault::Go Cavs! Can't wait until OUR BEST PLAYER AND CLOSER is back :) .. oh well no excuses.. good game grizz
BowCephus::Come on Lionel.. Tonight would've been a good night to see what u have in Selby!! U gotta give the kid more minutes especially on nights when ur thin at guard
Grindhouse2413::Selby had a pretty decent pass to DA for a dunk i think in the second. I agree he neds more time to play but at the 2 not the 1
AKsparky907::Agreed. He may be able to score but didn't look comfortable handling the ball.
AKsparky907::He didn't look good at all when he was in.
emthomasjr::Not when he is dribbling the ball off his foot at mid court doing his best OJ Mayo impersonation.
machinegunkelley80::No way. In a close game you don't experiment. Also
roy2daboy::Selby picked up some early fouls during his short time in the game.
orange_63::hell, i guess I missed the game.............score looks like more of the same..........come home lebron....hehehe
macbook26::You guys need this hiatus from Kyrie because the only way for you all to win your division is to play team ball. Kyrie and Rose will have great battles and I'll consider it a wash for the sake of argument. But, the rest of your team needs to be better than Chicago in order for you guys to win that battle.
rc021363::Tony Allen came through for the Grizzlies the last few minutes with the Grit N Grind.  If it wasn't for Tony, the Grizzlies probably would have lost.
Grindhouse2413::truth
AKsparky907::His ability to cause turnovers is unmatched.
Johnny47716::I'm just glad we were able to win a close one........in years past that might not have been the case....
yata-9arasu::Anderson Varejao is everything to this team.
YenxRenx::Yep, he's the best loser they have. on a team like the Cavs that's saying a lot!!!
AKsparky907::I'll be down in memphis in a couple weeks, can't wait to go to a few grizz games. Haven't been to a game in about 5 years!
Grindhouse2413::I have fond memories of watching games at the Pyramid too. Days of Shane BATMAN Battier. ha
AKsparky907::Thanks, I'm pretty stoked. Don't get to see any ball in alaska. I used to go to a ton of games at the pyramid.
Grindhouse2413::welcome back brother
Super__Nobody::Celtics trade Sullinger, Bradley and 2013 1st round pick for Varajao. Come on CLE, pull the trigger.
H.J.I.C.::what?
