DWade1991::Love that Staples center bias. Kobe gets as many free throws as Minnesota made.
Brianhau529::I love your totally unbiased phrasing. LA only shot 4 more freethrows
ELS2005.6::Kobe's mask made it possible for Luke Walton to grace us all with his presence during last night's game.
themightyrule10::JJ barea is a man-baby
ELS2005.6::He's basically microscopic.
Balance925::who wants jim buss out of office? Sign the petition and spread the word!  http://www.ipetitions.com/petition/save-the-lakers/
Blind Lemon Pie::How will this petition affect anything, since he's the owner?  I mean, I know it's California......And, you'd better have an option.  BTW, Phil Jackson's not coming back and he spoiled Laker fans.
supreme91::I'm more surprised that the Lakers scored 100 pts
kcf17::I see Sunday going a lot like the OKC-LA game before break. LA  hung tough and emptied the gun while OKC pulled away late and still had a few bullets left cuz they are simply a better team, like the Heat are.
Michael19261::could not agree more
22Young Money::kobe is a lil punk who gets schooled by wadee and Lebron everytime they play each other playa
RaiderNation9236::your an idiot man
hillbilly344::Skip Bayless just said that Kobe IS the toughest athlete ever to play in basketball, or for that matter, any other sport.......    Even tougher than Jordan, who played through that inspiration game with a high fever and had Pippen carry him off court.......    Agree or Disagree??
winterfresh98::Steve Nash is pretty tough
kcf17::Given his size especially
kcf17::Kobe is really tough, just leave it there. Way too hard to compare this, different eras, different competition and all different circumstances. Why always a need for the definitive label of best this and that, let the great players be great without having to tear them down cuz you like someone else better.
UcanCALLmeCRAZY::what Kobe really meant to say was "when Wade has as many rings as me then i'll start to worry!"
MedailleSoccer3::dude are you an idiot or something, he won 2 in the last 3 years without shaq so your argument is not only false but stupid
Michael19261::are kobe's rings helping his team to the finals this season? how about last? give up on the rings. It is not a one person game.   kobe does not have shaq now. He will never see another ring.
clippsallday::Lakers have traded Pau Gasol for the Twolve full roster? Ohhh my goodness!
Nate6784::hmm thats funny CLIPPSallday, it seems to me that the wolves have beat the clippers twice this year... both in LA, i find it kind of funny that you make cocky comments towards the wolves.
ZachC1965::Do they call Kobe the Black Mama just because he looks like a skinny bi.tch..?
MedailleSoccer3::guess there will be haters everywhere I mean dude is leading the league in scoring has 5 rings MVPs somebody has to shoot the ball why not him. would you rather him pass up every big shot like LeBrick and be criticized that way, you Hos will always find some way to hate on kobe cuz you aint him
johndaker55::Snake, noun: a treacherous person; an insidious enemy       Insidious:  stealthily treacherous or deceitful  Phil Jackson: "This was another example of the basic difference between him and Kobe.  Ask Shaq to do something and he’ll say:  “No, I don’t want to do that.”  But after a little pouting, he will do it.  Ask Kobe, and he’ll say “okay,” and then he will do whatever he wants.”
kcf17::Not a big Kobe fan but the guy is on of the best to ever play and man he doesn't get the respect you'd think he ought to.
Michael19261::and he should not get the respect. his stats are horrible. he is lucky the lakers let him attempt so many bricks.
jdgarcia2004::so  many haters lol
johndaker55::He back stabs people, throws his own teammates under the bus, just for his own personal gain. I think it's a perfect nickname.
kcf17::Do the Heat have Bosh cover Gasol or Bynum?
kcf17::Don't know, Bynum is playing better now though, Anthony has more girth than Bosh to mess it up inside.
Miami Heat Fins Marlins Canes::IDK. What happened the first time they met. I don't think Bynum was a factor anyway.
Miami Heat Fins Marlins Canes::I love how no matter what board you go to (and it doesn't matter which sport) you people make the Heat your #1 convo.
jdgarcia2004::i love how you care so much about the Lakes that you come on this board
I like my own comments to get the ball rolling::Masked mamba &gt; Black mamba &gt; Yellow mamba
alberto2432::lebron is &gt; jordan deal with it. http://herdmycattle.com/lebron-james-is-better-than-michael-jordan/
24wildhunter::delusional in every level luke walton&gt; lebron. james
alberto2432::agreed.
42Wolverine21::d-wade better than kobe anyday
24wildhunter::did dwade compared to m jordan already?
themightyrule10::yes, actually, they get compared quite often
kcf17::I want to see LA run the O through Fisher and Miami run through Curry. Final score of like 40-38.
Westcoaster2u::lol. funny and probably true.
Westcoaster2u::Phantom of the Opera staring Kobe Bryant.
Chickism::&lt;3 Kobe  "He is a nicer guy than I am, to be honest with you"  Translation: I'm going to find a way to get revenge....
jcupps12::kobe is a d bag
slicknick1992::I just enjoy watching Kobe because he is one of the best to play.
Pablo..Miguel::Kobe Bryant has played in more games than Michael Jordan- more regular season games, and more playoff games. In spite of that, however, Jordan has more points, more rebounds, more steals, more assists, more blocks (as well as a higher career average in every one of those statistical categories), a higher shooting percentage, more championships, more MVPs, more Finals MVPs, and more Defensive Player of the Year awards. Jordan has him beat in all those areas, despite having played in fewer games.
Westcoaster2u::I think Kobe and Jordan played in the league two years at the same time? Maybe three. Cannot compare the two different eras.
johndaker55::2002-2003  40-year old MJ - 44.5 % FG   25-year old Kobe - 45.1% FG   Something tells me MJ would've dominated this era as well.
jcupps12::you can compare them by saying there is no comparison to how good Jordan was and how good kobe is
ChiefIlliniwek4Life::Was there a point to this rambling diatribe?  Anyone with half a brain knows Jordan &gt; Kobe.  Hell....Jordan &gt; *.
panthersfan8903::easy there. scalabrine has a good argument.
lakerFan4930::Jordan didnt have Shaq holding him back for 8 years!
ZachC1965::Shaq made Kobe's career...
slicknick1992::whats your argument, clearly Jordan is better than everyone... we know that.
johndaker55::See guy below me
Zeus_Impaler::Lakers are playing great ball behind Kobe.  They will reach the NBA finals, but lose to the Heat
ZachC1965::Kobe's been sucking lately, what planet have you been on..?
slicknick1992::idk, the thinder I think will be a bigger problem.
Pablo..Miguel::Kobe is known for quitting in game 7's, choking in the NBA finals, throwing Andrew Bynum and Jerry Buss under the bus, getting Shaql traded to Miami, not being able to get out of the first round or win a damn thing without a dominate low post offensive threat, sexual assult, abusing maids and towel boys and getting beat downs by Reggie Miller, Chris Childs and Raja Bell. I believe it's clear to see Kobe is no Michael Jordan and is by far the most overrated basketball player of all time.
MedailleSoccer3::what are you talking about he leads lakers orginazation in EVERY catergory for all time you are on crack to say he is over rated, number 1 sports team in the history of sports and he is the leader of it, he will pass jordan in points no doubt... watch basketball before you toss a 2nd grade school girl comment like that
ZachC1965::Kobe is the most overrated to ever play the game, perhaps any game.  A total collapse in his biggest game ever...34-48 in his one big year to prove himself...only one MVP over all those  years...  A good player, just not one of the best ever by any stretch of the imagination...
lsuman23::Don't feed him. He obviously doesn't know anything about basketball.
24wildhunter::one blind critic  -pablo miguel
6 Flavors of Wonton Soup::I believe you attend troll so hard university on a scholarship
6 Flavors of Wonton Soup::I believe you attend troll so hard university, as an honor student.
Pablo..Miguel::Kobe = Overrated
6 Flavors of Wonton Soup::Oh man you are just SOOOOO funny! (sarcasm)
scottpilgrim36::It's amazing what Kobe can do against a D League team without their best player. and 10 trips to the line
Meraz Ahmad::Do you think Kobe's pooh is made of gold?
ZZ_UPSIDE_DOWN::Bryant should have worn the mask when he was in a forcing mood.
jross5123::How soon before kobe is bankrupt after he retires??? half a year maybe???
Pablo..Miguel::3 months
TheNotoriousROB::Kobe is arguably the most intelligent player in the game, on and off the court.  If there's one thing that's certain, it's that he handles his finances and will never file.  Stop hatin'
LeTom612::Apparently Kobe is one of the best NBA players to ever step on to the court 'room', and was one of his best performances as a defender/defendant.
thechamp1991::LMAO.  the most intelligent player in the game.  Where do kobe kids get this stuff from.
TheNotoriousROB::you're an idiot.  and a fat.az.s
Pablo..Miguel::He wasnt smart enough to stay away from the chick in Eagle Colorado.
TheNotoriousROB::How many languages do you know?
Pablo..Miguel::LMFAO! on and off the court??? Are you serious?
Pablo..Miguel::Vanessa Bryant just sent me a friend request on AdultFriendFinder
jross5123::I was hoping it was Vanessa that punched him.....
Clark...W...Griswald::"Kobe once you experience the mask you will never take it off again...I sleep with it on."  -Rip Hamilton
maximumdvd::LOL... I was having visions of Rip the whole night.  Call him Kobe Hamilton, or Rip Bryant.  Hope to see the mask catch on like tattoos.
kingyankee2323::if the Lakers ever dare to try and get a cheap shot on Wade... its going to be worse for them... Heat will play mad and with purpose and we all know what they do when they play with emotion.. also we have a guy of our own that can go get 6 fouls... remember Eddy Curry? thats what he is good for now
ACandOJ::Eddy Curry will have a stroke if he gets too excited...no worries about him
bgeelove::Who cares how mad the Heat get. Wade will get the business on Sunday and that is a fact. The only problem I have is with David Stern, he will find a way to help the Heat by suspending or tossing out  Lakers players.
Taphawn::im a heat fan and  i will agree that kobe will go off on the heat team sunday . Wade if he guards him will look very bad because Kobe and his team going on a tear.
themightyrule10::is anyone else bothered by JJ barea's striking similarity to a crabby, whiny infant?
themightyrule10::kobe gets the pettiest fouls called on him.....
Pablo..Miguel::Was Kobe wearing a mask in Eagle Colorado?
aikens97::wouldnt the girl need the mask for the white fluid
Pablo..Miguel::Lots of Kobetards on here...I bet ya'll have Kobe's name tattooed on ya'll lower backs and ankles.
LAalltheWAY00::Yup, that was you.
LAalltheWAY00::Don't know, was he?  You were probably the hotel employee that gave it up.
Agnostic11::Fail and extremely old joke. Get some new material, a new haircut and a new shirt.
TheNotoriousROB::didn't need to.... he was invited in, then set up.
johndaker55::He was setup haha... did she rape HIM? How the hell was he setup?
ZZ_UPSIDE_DOWN::How do we know it was him?
Clenbutador::Kevin Love should give rubio some pointers on how to shoot the basketball.
BrainFart808::enjoy greatness while you can
Taphawn::no New York and Bulls and okc
The Masked Mamba::Pretty soon it's just gonna be LBJ and the circus down in Miami :(
washheightsboy::I think NBA players should start painting their masks like the way hockey goalies do.  Kobe could come out with a diorama of a snarling mountain lion attacking a hotel employee.
LAalltheWAY00::Were you the hotel employee that gave up the pu55?
ZachC1965::That's plain brilliant!
aikens97::ricky rubio- pistol pete dwayne wade - david thompson Lebron James-  Magic Johnson/ OScar robertson Kobe- MJ jr (not quite a goat yet) Dirk- Larry Bird
lsuman23::Rubio doesn't shoot near good enough to be compared to P.P.!
FloridaGatorsForever::Kobe will never be the GOAT.
ACandOJ::Have you ever seen David Thompson play?? I don't put Wade in his category as an athlete
ZachC1965::Kobe - Darrell Griffith with a lesser jump shot
washheightsboy::Why is the picture of Kobe in the mask tinted red?
aikens97::White Mamba is the best player of all time
aikens97::as a lakers fan imma be honest i think OKC is gonna when the title form the heat in 7 games
aikens97::Kevin Durant is like a modern day Elgin Baylor
aikens97::i guess they both play kinda smooth.
mrgetmine73::He wish he was. More like George Gervin
mrgetmine73::Then you woke up
themightyrule10::nope. we will all be witnesses
LAalltheWAY00::To another failure.
themightyrule10::why do the knicks have the 2nd easiest schedule in the NBA?
LAalltheWAY00::Because they play in the East.
mrgetmine73::Does ESPN own part of the Lakers? Dam...31 points...he shot the ball 23x, whats so great about that
Agnostic11::The fact that people like you can't do it is what's so great about that.
RCNBA::Im not a Lakers fan but he did shoot almost 50% thats pretty good
themightyrule10::the wolves were playing without klove.....thats 24 points and 14 boards right there
ZachC1965::Another 'great' game for Kobe where he doesn't even make half his shots...  Lakers might actually be better off just cutting him at this point...he'll never realize it's time to get the ball to the big guys first, fadeaway 20-footers second...
Agnostic11::Idiot alert.
ZachC1965::They need a clean break...gunner boy is clearly washed up now...
LAalltheWAY00::Trolls don't listen to facts.
ACandOJ::You do realize 11-23 is one more attempt than 50%??
The Masked Mamba::Cut Kobe, bwhahaha. You've lost your mind.
themightyrule10::the lakers shot 49% as a team bro nothing to worry about
Saints8365::Most players dont make half their shots, So whats your point?
Saints8365::I thought a ballhog gets no assits?  Wilt Chamberlin was a ballhog  Kobe is just the only guy who actually can create a shot for himself.  On his team. LoL
ZachC1965::Chamberlain led the league in assists one year, get a clue!
Saints8365::ok.
ZachC1965::Yeah, one year MORE than Kobe ever will come close to doing it...
Saints8365::One YEAR! lol
themightyrule10::USC national football champs next year
mnm98d::Oh WOW, Kobe is such a warrior... a true hero. How heroic that he did what he always does (ball hog) and scored 31 despite a broken nose against a crap team. Wow. Amazing. Hey, ESPN, maybe try getting off the whole Bryant/Wade feud garbage. You guys are trying to fan that, and it has already gotten as old as watching NBA "Super Stars" pretend like they're hurt every game, then make a "dramatic" recovery. I liked it when Hulk Hogan did it @ 20 years ago.
403Ryan::I never knew 8 assists was ball hogging, and when your the only player that can make your own shot on your team you might get the green light to shoot whenever you want.
mnm98d::L.A. should be a better squad than 4th in the West, even with the current roster. They are on the verge of an implosion. Bank it.
mnm98d::Not a hater, broseph, just a realist. I calls it as I see's it.
Agnostic11::I usually don't call names but considering none of your arguments make sense and it's obvious you're a Kobe hater......moron.
403Ryan::4th in the West is really sunk haha. And most people were saying they wouldn't make the playoffs when they lost Odom and Brown, so yea you have a really good point HAHA!
mnm98d::Sadly, that is why the Lakers are sunk. One man does not make a team. Although Kobe may think so.
themightyrule10::crap team? 8th in the west? same team that gave the clippers the business 2 nights ago? that crap team?
mnm98d::The West is pretty weak, in my opinion. Hell, the whole NBA is it seems, give or take just a few solid contenders.
Agnostic11::It's the NBA. These are professionals that have been playing most of their lives. Even the worst player on the Bobcats could take you to school. It's WAY more skill than luck buddy and considering how bad the T-Wolves were last year I'd say 8th in the West is pretty damn good for them. That's a whole lot of getting lucky.
mnm98d::Dude, its the T-Wolves. "Even the losers get lucky sometimes." -Tom Petty
jasiekforever::you're my hero... you had me at WOW
Saints8365::I wanna see you score 30 with a mask on sir.
jasiekforever::you would have to make it into the nba first
mnm98d::Given a green light to jack up the ball every time I touch it... I might be able to.
The Masked Mamba::Did you also note he added 8 assists?
Cadillac-Too-Cold::That was cool bro
