Jeff Brown::SO glad Lakers are losing. Bandwagoners no longer riding around LA with their stupid Laker flags tacked on their cars.
Michael Scott Brown::You wanna talk about bandwagoners? Look at Clippers "fans". Most were never in existence until recently. I also think there is going to be a difference in the level of support a person gives to a team whether they are winning or losing. Just because a person might not be giddy over their team doesn't mean one would be a bandwagoner by definition. How old are you and you don't know what bandwagoner means? Come on, guy...
Renee Pantoja::Michael Scott Brown I'll admit there are band wagon fans on both sides. I've be a Clipper Fan since they moved to San Diego in 78. It's been a lot of years of suffering, but all of us long time Clipper Fans are enjoying our time in the spotlight. I was a Laker Fan for many years, but quit being a fan when the whole thing with Shaq went down, and I saw the true color of alot of Laker Fans. Being a fan to me is supporting your team come hell or high water and being proud to say you support your team no matter what. I just see so many Laker Fans looking more like they are entitled than to being actual fans, and they have a very bad attitude. If you disagree with a Laker Fan your a hater. I also quit being a Laker Fan when they were on top, I didn't stop being one because they were losing. It will be interesting to see what happens to alot of Laker Fans when the reality of Dr. Buss being gone and the effects of the CBA hit them. It's a new world in the NBA, i.e. you can't buy a championship any more. Dr. Buss was, probably the best ever owner in the NBA, and quite possibly  in all of sports. Unfortunatly Little Jimmy is in charge now, and he doesn't seem to bright. Let's see what happens to the "Laker Fan" base if they tank for a few years. Good Luck, and GO CLIPPERS!
Romain Lescuyer::Renee Pantoja  And since the new CBA tries to stop rich franchises from buying championships (which is a good thing), there's no reason why Lakers should not be tanking this season (I read so many articles stating just because they are the Lakers, they should not do that). Let's get a high draft pick and rebuild around a future star they will not have to pay 20M or more per season! If the front office is patient enough, the Lakers should be back in contending mode within the next three years. Go Lakers, go!
Mike Norton::the lakers are finally setlting nicely into their correct role this year.  NBA bottom feeders.  just stay there and rest up for the lottery pick. :)
Mike Wagener::Gosh the Lakers are an incredible joke...BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
Frank Dear::how do u Phil about your coachin decision now Mr.Kupchak.
Gabriel Herrera::It was Jim buss the coke head. He's ruining his dads legacy
Travis Pavich::The refs caused us to lose to the Cavs Typical Laker Fans
Renee Pantoja::Ah ha ha ha ha !!!!!
Jody George Prats::Cavs 103 Lakers 2
Charlie Peng::Sometimes I wonder how the Lakers team would have done last year if they had some of these high-energy role players, particularly Johnson as a wing defender and Young scoring off the bench.  Probably still not championship material, but could have given the other teams in the West a decent run.
Ryan Jackson::Perfect...keep losing and hope we end up with a top 5 pick.  Get K. Love in'15, get rid of Antoni and we're set.
Justin Starr::Nice work gasol just ruined my multi ....tell me that last tip in didnt count
Bruno Berardi::Dude that put back came  way after the horn sounded, wonder if  they'll show it, on sports center, then Clevleand misses 2 of 4 fts with 16 sec left.
Jacob Santos::Please just tank... we've got a great chance to get a cornerstone in the draft that we could build around for years to come. There's no need to squander that chance for a meaningless attempt to reach the playoffs with this decimated roster. Go Lakers!.... in 2014/15 :)
Josh Malorkus::Pathetic, with that payroll and the ability to attract free agents? Faker fans should wear brown bags on their heads.
Matthew Reimbold::You really got to wonder what D'antoni has this team do during halftime. They are always even more awful then they already are at the start of the third quarter.
Darryl Hoytt::Interesting that Cleveland isn't running that deadly and gorgeous Princeton offense that Brown insisted on and got him fired in L.A.
John Ramich::The Cavs still probably will score less than 80 points no matter what offense Brown tries to run because that's how bad the Cavilers are this year
Renee Pantoja::Add 40 more points and you got it.
Mike Woolley::D'Antoni.... Take not you stupid muppet... with this depleted line up you need Marshall, Meeks, Gasol. Hill and Kaman on the court
Dale Yang::Excellent Job Lakers.  Just keep losing, perfect strategy.   Wait you're not actually trying to win are you?  -Lakers fan
Walter Robeson::Luol Deng hopefully will be an allstar despite the craziness that has happened this season.
Terry Lear::Can someone tell me what cost more to see the Lakers at Staple center or the Knicks at the Garden
Mike Norton::at this point.. they both cost way too much with so little return.
Hugo Medina::Common Lakers got to keep on playing sorry for Jabari or Embiid or Wiggins. You get the point we need a top 3 pick.
Tom Dyer::Phil Jackson legend 5 Time NBA World Champion Head Coach with the Lakers and took us 7 total times
Mike Woolley::This is ridiculous... D'Antoni never teaches a team defense at all
Darryl Hoytt::You can drop the "D" off his name it's silent.
Kendall DeBenon::I hate the Lakers, but Kendall Marshall can straight up dish.
Laurence Hoang Nguyen::Why no review on the last basket.. its clearly shot clock is at 0
Tony Stewart::ryan kelly should be starting...lakers should win this one
John Ramich::by how much?
Renee Pantoja::Kelly Suck, just like the Lakers.
Travis Pavich::The Lakers will not win a championship as long as Jim Buss is in control.
Romain Lescuyer::as long as they pay Steve Nash 9M per season for nursing his aging body.
Travis Pavich::Think about this. Their all banking on next season. But by paying Nash $9 next year, Kobe $25, they only have enough for one max guy, and role players. They won't win a ring with an aging, fragile Nash, a fragile, ball hog, I am the GOAT because I scored 81 Kobe. Jim Buss and Mr. Kupcheck have really screwed with the Lakers. And it's the most beautiful thing in this country except maybe Alaska.
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::thank you gasol
Michael Scott Brown::What I find disturbing is how pathetic the East is compared to the West. I've NEVER seen a conference so terrible in any sport. Even the Lakers who are playing atrocious this year are 6-6 against the East so far this year so they are taking the bulk of their losses against legitimate competition in the West. The 8 seed in the West would be the 3 seed in the East right now. That is crazy.
Dustin Ron::hmmm and the east keeps bring home the ring..making the west in second place
Mike Laszlo::The Cavs are 5-7 against the west
Tony Frenden::who cares about Conferences?  The last time the East was this bad, Detroit won it all, anyway.  It only takes one team.
