Mike Fontaine::Everyone is saying that NOLA is bad but I really think some credit does need to be given to Washington who are playing excellently this year and are doing much better than anyone could have expected.  John Wall is showing that he is a legit NBA PG that can lead a team and guys like Beal, Gortat, Ariza, and others are proving to be a very solid supporting cast.  I wouldn't be surprised if they were to not just make the playoffs, but maybe even win a series.
Joe Brooks::Nothing against Washington, but this is a game NO has to win at home.
Eric Jvon Thomas::I agree with you , the wizards have a solid lineup, and finally a decent bench
Zach Batizy::How do we go from losing 3 straight embarrassing games at home to what maybe looks like winning back to back games on the road? I know it isn't over yet, but lol Wittman does just enough to save his job for another week or 2
Zach Batizy::Also if Vesely keeps it up he should win most improved. He might not put up that many points but he is so much better than he use to be.
Josh Elliot Chaimson::Should be a good game
Thomas Paul Owens Sr.::The Wizards success is all about staying healthy. As soon as Nene or Beal or Wall goes down...they can't maintain. If this team can stay healthy, they can get to the playoffs and win a series this year...no question. With Vesely finally playing up to his capability and Porter slowly getting more minutes and adjusted to the NBA...(and I think they may have a hidden gem in Rice)...all the parts are coming together. This team has talent. They got rid of Jordon Crawford and Nick Young, who led their respective teams in scoring tonight because their wasn't room for them on this team...that says a lot! I like Wittman, but admittedly was dissing him a few weeks ago when they lost a few games badly. They seem to like and respect him and are playing loose and as a unit. I  am liking what I see. Most importantly in the last few games, they didn't buckle when teams made 4th quarter runs...very good sign. I think other coaches are drooling when they see Vesely now and probably wish they had made an offer when they had the chance to get him cheap. The Skies the Limit! That's the new talk in D.C.
Ryan Andrew Beam::Starting to doubt if Monty is the guy, especially since all their moves in the offseason took them away from being a slower team. They play at a fast pace and when the shots stop dropping they just fall apart. Until SOMEONE becomes a legitimate time in time out offensive threat, this team will continue to do this. Gordon Evans or Holiday, one of them has to take that step. And they need a legit Center. Smith just isn't it.
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Well they almost came back until Beal decided enough is enough and took the game over. Also Monty, you might want to call timeout when your team is struggling to get into an offensive set and the lead is growing. Just sayin.
Tony Muldoon::Wiz kids by 3! If the pelicans had Ryan Anderson they would win by about 5 cause he stretches the floor very well and is an underrated rebounder
Chad Wiggins::i had no clue  the pitiful  pelicans were this awful.. good lord… getting ran out of ur own gym by the mighty wiz…. SMH… pathetic
Steve Carman::is all you do whinge and whine? god you're pathetic! how much you lose on pelicans today! loser!
Chad Wiggins::Steve Carman if your stupid self will define WHINGE i'll let u know if thats all i do….  meanwhile, u keep running that mouth behind the comfort of your keyboard tuff stuff…. and i didn't lose a dime on the pelicans… dont bet on teams i dont watch…  but when u put forth this pitiful effort at home, u deserve to get bashed…  and when its the wizards that do it to u, u really need to hear it…  what u need to do keyboard killer, is talk that tuff talk to some ones face one time.. and find out what its like from hear on out to whistle when u talk due to your fronts going missing in action… and for the record, i wasn't  talking to u chump, if u dont like my commenting then stop reading em… we all have that option… if i didn't post, u wouldn't have the opportunity to pose like ur tuff stuff...
Aaron Cohen::The Washington Wizards are a little better than you're giving them credit for.
Ikenna Nwaghanata::This is exactly what happens with Davis out. The lane parts like the red sea. Such a joke Monty is sometimes.
Joe Brooks::Well, so much for New Orleans thinking they were ready to move up in the NBA.
Marvin Garcia::New Orleans is BAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Chad Wiggins::tyreke evans rocking that -21 plus minus.. yikes
Zach Batizy::Bradley Beal has the IQ of a rock. Guy takes the worst shots
Jolly Greene::The Wiz needed Ariza to get back into the game - he was in a slump
Theodore Gleaton::, Seems like they play better on the road  then they do at home
Ikenna Nwaghanata::I like Holiday but he needs to be more aggressive.
Bazooka Joe::WHERES ANTHONY DAVIS
Scott Randall::what happen to davis is he hurt ?
Greg Stewart::is booker hurt???
Nate Gilbo::Wizards by 47
Eric Jvon Thomas::Lol nooo
Eric Jvon Thomas::Wizards by 10
