Enderles::memphis sux had 2 points in 3rd qrt at 4 minute mark  this team is a joke on the road
mtsufan22::they win most of their road games....idiot
tgreen21::You know what is frustrating...Grizzlies lose by 13, was 20 prior to Nate clearing the bench, and the ESPN highlights are all Grizzlies. Hey ESPN how about you give props to the Blazers for destroying the Grizzlies that had a 7 game win streak going! One of the reasons I am beginning to not like this network.
tgreen21::it's fair to show your team's few highlights when you get destroyed by 20?? How about showing Camby's blocks, oh we can't do that cuz that would showcase the Blazers and one of the reasons they killed the Grizzlies....pathetic...
Jhe1125::As a grizz fan, I'd say thats fair.  The only thing is that Rudy and OJ had extremely impressive plays, while the Blazers just played a more fundamentally sound game, which ESPN is less likely to show
Counteroffer::Memphis is a good squad. I've been impressed lately. Obviously not this game, but the Blazers are good. That 6 game winning streak was very impressive. They beat my Bulls pretty bad. Good Luck in the future.
mtsufan22::It is amazing that Portland and Memphis have pretty much the same record, yet the blazer fans keep saying Memphis is a horrible team.  BTW Memphis is first in their division. Thats not a bad team.  Both played well, with Portland having a little more Gas tonight for the win. Memphis is doing pretty good this season. The funny thing is we lost our best player and we have a better record than this time last year. Last year being a year where Memphis made a great playoff run. If Memphis can keep a winning record, and if ZBo can get healed up, they will be unstoppable during the playoffs. I do think these back to back games are killing players.  6 games in 9 days is too much with all the travel. I have watched a lot of games this season and you can tell teams across the board are losing because of being winded and tired from playing, then traveling across country and playing again in less than 24 hours. I like the playoffs when there is at least a day break between each game and travel so athletes can take care of themselves. I am not saying Memphis lost tonight because of back to back road games. I am just commenting on the fact that, i do think it is affecting teams and players across the board.
Jhe1125::The Thunder, the Trailblazers, the Grizzlies, and the Clippers will be the main powerhouses in the West this postseason and into the next season.  Mavs management has proven to have gotten completely lucky last year, especially since they were stupid enough to let Tyson Chandler walk.  Spurs will hold on to their core three for as long as possible, which will be to their disadvantage.   Lakers could regain strength but they need to make major moves.
Beardedblazerfan::Most of these people that are saying Memphis sucks are not fans of Basketball, if they were they would know better, every team has fans like this, mostely LA fans that think their team is top of the top and no other teams even come close. So from a true Blazer fan, I know Memphis is good, they didn't come to play with their full potentional last night and to be honest both teams were pretty bad, it was an ugly game to watch.
FranciscoKern::Speaking as a Blazer fan, Blazer fans are embarrassing - most of them don't even realize a world exists outside of Oregon.  And they certainly don't realize that most of the country has no idea where Portland, Oregon even is - or why they should care.
pdxrovermech::I cant stand the fans when i go to a game. they are always booing at good calls and cheering at bad ones.  What I really hate is how they care more about getting their Chalupa than winning the game. i understand being excited about it when its a blowout, but if it a tight game how about you cheer on your team instead of a .99 cent taco. i heard boos when we ran out the clock instead of jacking up a three last night.
Lokahn11::You would have to be a real knuckle dragger to not know where Portland, Oregon is or at least know how to google it.  So no, we shouldn't care.  Go Blazers!
mtsufan22::and....your point is...whoever you are....BTW the mavs are done, the lakers are aging...The grizzlies and Thunder are the teams of the future
mtsufan22::Are you kidding me? even without ZBo they are already doing better than last year.....Also gasol has lost 20 pounds since last summer...know what you are talking about....plus every Grizzlies Thunder game is ver close, no matter who wins...and who took you to seven games in the playoffs and beat you 31- in the season last year....grizzlies...grizzlies had a rough start but they are over the hump
CBass1317::You mean the Thunder are the team of the future?  I don't see a core of Gasol (will slowly but surely get fatter), Randolph (major injury issues in his career including multiple microfracture surgeries), and Gay (well overpaid swingman, whos team played BETTER when glue guy Battier was in the line up) growing much.   This Grizz team peaked last year in the playoffs.  Now they have 3 huge contracts on three guys that are not enough to make the finals.  Alas, this is the reality for almost all teams however.  Only a few have true superstars like Durant and Westbrook that are worth their contracts.
NBA_refs_are_weak::Id rather play the Lakers or Mavs in the playoffs than either of these 2 teams
mtsufan22::I will admit though, that even though back to back road games are tough, Memphis was not on its A-game tonight.
blazers4lyf::blazers won. kobelies=FAIL!!!
TheBandwagonMan::For the 2nd night in a row Lamarcus Aldridge is inside me!  - Kobelies247
Kobelies247::LA = 6 Rebounds!! Fail
demtral::Um....Camby had 23.....
TheBandwagonMan::Last post before I leave:  OMG! I am inside Kobelies' Mom!!!
Kobelies247::Child...
TheBandwagonMan::Then I guess your Mom needs to be charged...
Kobelies247::20 TO against MEM??? HAHAHAHA!!!
tgreen21::you do realize memphis was on a 7 game winning streak. So the prior 7 teams couldn't do what the Blazers did, and they had 20 TO and beat them  by 20, until Nate cleared the bench.
wkdavis85::You do realize Memphis averages 10 steals per night, and about 15 turnovers...
SashaNein::Congrats on beating a team without Z-Bo. Such an accomplishment
blazers4lyf::yeah 20 TO against them and still we won!! how about that!! eat that!!
Kobelies247::Portland sure looks good when they play BAD teams dont they?  haha
mtsufan22::They are doing better than last year even with their best player injured...thats my point...
CBass1317::Get out of here with that injury $@%!.  You think the Blazers don't know about injuries?  Its the pros, your team is who is on the floor not who COULD have been on the floor.  Play on...
manastojones::Rip_City27 is an idiot
SashaNein::No Z-Bo, morons.
mtsufan22::If number 1 in the southwest division even though your best player is injured, making a great playoff run in 2011, and  having a winning record is horrible....then I will take horrible any day.
Rip_City27::Memphis is terrible yeah
demtral::The hottest team in the NBA is bad?
TheBandwagonMan::I sure look good inside your Mom, don't I?  haha
TheBandwagonMan::OMG! Nolan Smith is inside me!!!
TheBandwagonMan::Where is Kobelies247 now???
Kobelies247::Right here LMFAO that youre bragging about beating MEM!!!  GRATZ!!!!
Kobelies247::Lete see the blazers win when it counts!  It wont happen.....
TheBandwagonMan::Oh, you mean the same team that had won 8 straight??? and you said the exact same thing after the last game too. YOU ARE AN IDIOT!!!!!!!!!!!!
9thtimeacharm::Nolan Smith is the worst Blazer player on the team
tgreen21::you don't watch the Blazers then!
platachog::...the hell? Did you miss seeing Luke Babbitt?
9thtimeacharm::I say bring back Patty Mills Nolan Smith is a terrible PG JUST SAYING
platachog::Nolan will learn a lot better than Armon and Patty.
demtral::Nolan is way better than Armon...
TheBandwagonMan::Patty Mills is just as terrible!
Esar7::resign Batum!!!
Coltonbball12::It is interesting to point out that a great chunk of the team tweeted apologies for the loss and promise better next time.  Props to Memphis for that.
wkdavis85::Its awesome that we have a team that actually loves the city they play in
mtsufan22::Yeah, the team plays for the city. Its pretty awesome.
blazers234::armon johnson sucks how the hell do u like over nolan nolan plays better defense shoots better from 3 and is a proven winner at duke armon proved last year he cant play he will gone once mills can sign in NBA why  u think armon isnt playing so that they dont have to pay him later
FranciscoKern::Hey everybody, LOOK!  This is what a conversation between Larry and Curley looks like.
blazers13inarow::Nolan looks good. Armon plays like he trying to save his job. I'd take a rookie with obvious talent over Armon any day.
Rip_City27::Nolan has obvious talent, he sure has "obviously" showed it huh?? I'll take a player who plays his $@% off and tries to solidify his job over a rookie who plays content thinking he has a safe job..
Rip_City27::Wouldnt say Nolan is a better defender, Armon has real good d with a longer wingspan.. Shoots better from the 3?? Really?? hahahaha Nolan has such a horrible shot you will soon figure this out, just because he made his first 2 3's as a blazer makes him a good shooter?? He has a terrible shot.. You are truly delusional if you think were going to drop Armon for Patty, we would have done that at the beginning of the year, why do you think we let Patty go?? You sure are a smart one lmao.. Armon &gt; Nolan anyday
Rip_City27::Proven winner at Duke, so obviously that means he'll be a winner in the NBA?? I like your logic
cowpoke85::Night all... A nice win tonight, even though not in the prettiest of fashions. A tough one coming up tomorrow against a rested Warriors squad. Hopefully we will be 12-7 by the end of tomorrow night, but they are going to have to find some energy on the road at the end of a back-to-back-to-back...
cowpoke85::How did Smith get up 6 shots in only 9 minutes... ballhog much?
Rip_City27::I like Armons game being more fast and uptempo than Nolans game being slow and conservative
BasketBalljon3s::armon would be ramond 2.0, maybe a bit more athletic, but still wild, out of control running 100 miles per hour at the hoop turning the ball over. yes he has the talent, but from what I saw of him, he lacked a lot of discipline and awareness of where his teammates are so he can kick it out when he doesn't have a good look.
cowpoke85::Smith's game style definitely better fits our old tempo. Armon I think would be more in his element in this new system...
blazers4lyf::i don't like armon either. he's turnover prone.
cowpoke85::I would have to say at this point Armon was more game ready than Smith, but there is no way of telling what the high ups are thinking. It is kind of the same situation with Freeland, many think he is ready to play, and we might lose him if we don't bring him over soon. Not to mention we could use another big...
Rip_City27::How do we know this year?? We havent seen him play, we have only seen him play in his rookies season, he went to the d league and averaged 14 points 9 assists and 5 rebounds, lets see Nolan go down to the d lague and compare stats
cowpoke85::We aren't getting top tier PG's though with the low draft picks, so you have to expect some growing pains... Young PG's are going to make mistakes, especially when they play as sparingly as the Blazers have.
cowpoke85::I did like the glimpses we saw from Armon... I think his athleticism alone was far superior to Smiths...
Rip_City27::Yeah he is quicker than Nolan, can creat his own shot, draws others to him and dishes off to the right person.. I like Armons overall game way better than Nolan from what I've seen so far
blazers4lyf::patty mills&gt;nolan smith.
UOduckUO::stop the mills bs.
cowpoke85::I am not giving up on him yet, he is kind of pressing with limited minutes... He could develope into a solid backup PG I think...
Rip_City27::I think thats what we should have done with Armon Johnson, I think Armon has a higher ceiling than Nolan by far and way more upside
Rip_City27::I'll be the first one to say it I'm not a fan of Nolan Smith
cowpoke85::He is the reason Babbitt didn't solidify his spot as the chalupa man! Babbitt should have had at least two attempts at the chalupa 3!
blazers4lyf::roymullins is dead. thank God!
royboy1978::All you guys had to do was say the magic word and they would have been gone a LONG time ago.
MNewport45::and whats the magic word?
IAMpunter2609::thank god those trolls have gone to hell
blazers4lyf::yes. coz he's the descendant of EVIL.
royboy1978::You're thanking God for someone being dead??????
cowpoke85::The Blazers need to close the week with two more wins, then a nice practice Saturday and a rare day off Sunday...
cowpoke85::However they want to pull it, I just think if they make this a mini 4-game streak they are deserving of a day off... espcecially in this compact schedule...
cowpoke85::Alright, alright... Saturday... you win!haha Have a good one. Let's hope for 12-7 after tomorrow night...
Rip_City27::Saturday for sure.. just makes more sense
Rip_City27::More like day off Saturday and practice Sunday
cowpoke85::Yah, but it's been hot and heavy lately with a lot of travel... The schedule eases up a little here coming up...
dankfranks_155::They werent so rare in the beginnin of the season. Seemed like they had off days all the time.
blazers4lyf::LMA= pretty solid in scoring not much about rebs sometimes 10+, nice assists stats, result= WIN Love= high scoring and high rebs and not so in assists, jack up threes, result= LOSS  LMA&gt;love. FACT!
MNewport45::huge blazer fan here, but Love does not jack up threes. he actually even went 5-5 yesterday or so
blazers4lyf::^+1.
cowpoke85::Aldridge much more solid defensively as well... Add that to the fact the Blazers all contribute on the boards...
blazers4lyf::i really like the game of matthews, crwford and batum tonight. hope it goes all the way!
MAGICS SUCKS 24::if mephis would have scored 6 more in the 3qt i would have won,i fuckking hate this team
IAMpunter2609::i feel ya, griz needed 3 more points for my $$$,
reemoney00::Me too....But once Portland started the 3rd on a 12-2 run...IT WAS OVER
ds174006::Are they gone now?
royboy1978::Yes.  All you had to do was say the magic word.
platachog::Was it a poorly called game? I didn't get to watch, but we shot way more free throws than Memphis.
platachog::Good to know we didn't win on garbage then.
cowpoke85::It was conflicting styles of play... Portland is a much more aggressive to the basket team...
NYSucks90::asdfghjkl;lkjhgfdsdfghjklkjhgfdfghjkljhgfdsdfghjklkjhgfdfghjk
natesweet72::Good game tonight but the Blazers have got to cut down on the turnovers.
cowpoke85::Definitely a black eye on the stats sheet...
blazers4lyf::LMA= beast!!!
BasketBalljon3s::He demands so many double and even triple teams from players unlike griffin and love and STILL gets his, and he opens up so much for the rest of the team to succeed, which is why the other guys may have a little better stats, but still lose games. He also plays great defense which is something neither love or griffin do.
blazers4lyf::sure he is already an ALL STAR!
blazers4lyf::love+griifin= chickens
cowpoke85::He needs no All Star game to validate his beast status, but if coaches leave him out then they are ignorant...
58rhodes::5 games in a row Ive been off by less than 4 points. Tonight I was off by 1
reemoney00::I kid u not
reemoney00::Go to PURONARCO.COM and watch the videos on the right hand side..A mexican cartel cuts a dudes head off with a chainsaw
marczisme::what a f.cked up video...
HugeGamblerLOL::I'm shocked people actually watch basketball without betting on it.  Whack as $@%!
OregonLou::only idiots or bookmakers post shhiit like that.  Who is dumb enough to bet on sports??
dankfranks_155::Hahaha yeah, pretty whack that people actually enjoy the sport rather than bettin on somethin entirely outta their control.
dankfranks_155::I was bein facetious bruh. Im on your side of the spectrum. Be easy tho.
royboy1978::Pretty whack that you're wasting your money on betting instead of saving it to get out of your mom's basement.
cbush927::Im a broke College student. Made 70 bucks tonight. Wouldnt have made that at a minimum wage job that I could of had out there. Went to class sat on my $@% and made money. Pretty good day.. Screw Jobs
cbush927::Thank You.. hope it all works out.
royboy1978::Congrats.
cbush927::Actually just found out I think I got one with the Celtics tonight :) couldnt be happier
royboy1978::You better do an internship before you graduate.  No jobs are guaranteed after college (especially in this economy).
cbush927::I have my whole life to work. Im going to enjoy my last 2 years of not being in the work force before I spend my whole like in it.
cbush927::I was joking, obviously im in college to get a job. The point was I made 70 bucks tonight.. which is why I said screw jobs.. like who needs them.
royboy1978::You don't know how to multitask???
royboy1978::Weekends????
cbush927::Im in class all day I could work maybe 3-4 hours a night if I wanted to but I would rather worry about doing better in school then making money right now.
royboy1978::And you say "screw jobs", then why in the hell you are in college????
royboy1978::You only make yourself "broke" when you don't take the initiative to make money the right way.
cbush927::Your right im a rich college student.. dont think those exist buddy
royboy1978::Don't give me that "broke college student" bs.  Get off your lazy a.ss and get a job!!!!!
HugeGamblerLOL::right you're just in this channel enjoying the aesthetics of b-ball players with no front teeth
royboy1978::At least I'm a TRUE fan and support my team regardless if they win or lose.  I'm not a BANDWAGON GAMBLING A*SS PR*ICK like you that doesn't have a job and gamble your money away like an idiot.
reemoney00::People dont really gamble to make money......Its the action.....$ is secondary
HugeGamblerLOL::royboy bet on the grizzlies
royboy1978::I don't gamble you idiot.
royboy1978::I don't have to make money by betting on games.  I have a REAL job.
HugeGamblerLOL::aahahah yeah bucks games are so ugly
cbush927::Only my team. Other then that I cant watch without having money on it.. And being a Bucks fans sometimes I even have to put money on those to keep myself entertained.
royboy1978::Congrats on the win Portland Fans.  My Grizz came out flat and didn't pick up the momentum.  We'll see each other later on this season and hopefully the results are different.  GRIT N GRIND GRIZZ!!!!!!
cowpoke85::Back-to-backs are always tough... Especially on the road. It would have been real ugly had Portland not also played the night before. We'll see what happens later on in the season when both teams come in rested...
cowpoke85::12-7 after tomorrow would sure look nice...
reemoney00::We are ANONYMOUS, we are legion, we dont forgive, we do not forget ...Expect us.
Slurm Soda::Poser
DenverDiehard35::slurmy
ITSshifty99::prediction was 98 83 damnnnn thank you portland for making my money back after last nights loss on your 2nd half
emmanopg33::we solved alot of our holes this offseason, its all about effort now.
Dank Darvish::Aldridge &gt; Love&gt;Griffin
ITSshifty99::camby&gt;all
jwessells465::metta world peace&gt;all
supreme91::camby a center
kluivertsoc::Easy money
HugeGamblerLOL::LOL, that missed layup saved my -11.5 portland live bet.  How pathetic how I almost lost to that.  haha! LOL
vnguy9879::Just like I thought the fix for under is very easy to see.the losing team keeps missing the basket and the winning team keeps making the basket.
HugeGamblerLOL::^ you obviously do LOL
dankfranks_155::You are incredibly ignorant thats pretty damn easy to see
Beardedblazerfan::You said that already, nobody replied because nobody cares.
dankfranks_155::Ahhh no one gettin any free diarrhea tonight
reemoney00::JUNGLE BALL monkeys
cbush927::ughh the 2nd half O/U was 90.. guess what I took
cbush927::oh $@%! my bad guys guess I read that wrong it was 94.. I am happily wrong here WOOO I won!
vnguy9879::You took under. You should not worry. I can see the fix for under around 6 min to the end of 4.pth quarter
reemoney00::YOu;'re full of S H I T
kluivertsoc::94
reemoney00::It was NOT 90
trevorcabo::To anyone saying games are fixed, what you are really saying is Im a horrible gambler who is never on the right side, so to cover my complete lack of betting ability, the game is fixed
Dank Darvish::Didnt a ref admit he was fixing games for the mob.
Dank Darvish::And yes I like my own comments.
cowpoke85::Taco Bell you got lucky tonight!!!
Beardedblazerfan::Good game Memphis, it was for sure an ugly one but best of luck to you guys.
____Chris Bosh____::ROAR
cowpoke85::Babbitt!!! NEED A 3!!!!!!!
cowpoke85::Your time to shine big guy!
