Brendan Olis::That game winner by Rose was what he needs to hopefully get his swagger back.  That, and some more games under his belt to knock the rust off and get the chemistry with his team back.
Tyler Johnson::Big time players...make big time plays.
Tyjuan McCants::7/23 is big time
Michael Rodriguez::Tyjuan McCants game winning shot big time
Lee Foss::Tyjuan McCants no having the confidence and heart to win a game with a shot almost no one else could make after shooting poorly all game is big time.  do you think there is a player on the knicks who is buzzing off the percent they shot and doesn't care about the loss.  they'd all trade it for 1-20 if the one shot they made won the game...  my guess is you haven't played much competitive basketball if you care that much about stats.
Abraar Ab Motiwala::Only Chicago would chant MVP for rose, the most overrated MVP in the history of the nba. Once again, bulls fans proving they're delusional.
Mike Plummer::You're right. Lots of guys in the 80's and 90's avg 20+ points and 10+ assists (better numbers than Rose) and never sniffed an MVP. Isaiah Thomas, Tim Hardaway, Kevin Johnson etc...
George J Banks::How is he overrated clown. He took his team on his back and willed them to the best record in the NBA. Noah and Boozer missed 50 games between them. Do you idiots know what MVP means. Rose won because unlike Miami who had wade who is a Superstar so if Lebron went down the Heat could still win. The Bulls had enough to get to the playoffs without Rose that year but without him they would not have gotten out of the First round.
Mike Plummer::George Banks. Calm down clown. You can be a good or great player and still be overrated. Lots of players past and present have better skill sets and put up similar or better numbers but were/are not fortunate to have his narrative which is media driven. He's an all-star caliber player but MVP? I think not.
Rick New::Derek Rose is such Garbage.  This is the ONE guard in NBA History that shoots 30 percent and they love him.  Pure Trash.
Taylor Manes::Stop being a butthurt knicks fan..Aww you need a tissue,,
Brendan Olis::Dude he averages like 44% on his career.
Lu Kane::arent u a little old to troll
Jody George Prats::Anthony and Rose = 15 for 47  Fabricated stars with limited talent
Jacob Mellor::I guess thats why rose won an mvp
Jimmy Derossi::Yea because one game negates some pretty remarkable careers. It is past your bedtime. Don't forget to take your meds.
Casey Hayes::Melo was a bigger star in college than just about any player who entered the NBA since Magic and Larry. He almost single handedly dominated the NCAA tournament without much of a supporting cast. You can argue how effective he is now, but he earned his fame more than most at an early age.
Chi-Town Custom Cornhole Boards::The owner of the Knicks his team will win the NBA championship this season....apparently he forgot that the Heat, Bulls, Pacers, Spurs, Rockets, Warriors, Clippers, and Grizzlies also still play in the National Basketball Association.
Calvin Long::Rox and Lin blew the Knicks out last year by double digits without Dwight.  Knicks would be 8th in the Western conference.
Arun Madisetty::Calvin Long and Philly just beat Miami. Your point?
Flako El Chulo Flow::Needs had almost 20 TO in 1 half and you guys barely won. I wouldn't be talking crap about the Knicks if I was a Bulls fan
Jody George Prats::LeBron James = King  Melo - Rose - Bryant = Chuckers
Justin Buford::Lebron*
David Kim::Justin Buford Actually, it's LeBron.
Jacob Mellor::Is that how kobe won 5 titles?
Andrew Lipham::prediction:  melo brick incoming
Andrew Lipham::bulls blow out knicks
Javier Herrera::1 point is hardly a blow out. Cheers to Rose for the winner though.
Taylor Manes::Yall butthurt  knicks fans kill me.. Oh well you're losing stop whineing..
George J Banks::typical knicks fans.
Michael Rodriguez::Truuuuu!!! Cuz if melo hit the game winner these delusional knick fans would be talking championship and saying he the MVP. Chicago got so many haters I love it!!!!
Ivan de Castro::Michael Rodriguez Chicago has no haters in the past (only a few). After Rose didn't played on the playoffs, haters started to grow. It like a revolution from a Drose fan (not Bulls fan) to a Drose hater till it becomes a bandwagon fan from an another team (clearly a Heat fan).
Shawn Bento::ROSE CLUTCH WOW.  #MVP #THERETURN #POINTGOD
Rob Loveday::7/23 is great.
Bryce Morgan::yeah, 7-23 with 4 turnovers and only 3 assists. WHAT AN MVP
John Jackson::Bryce Morgan Hit em when it counts coach used to tell me.
Shawn Bento::MELO = CHOKER. ROSE = CLUTCH MVP.
Bryce Morgan::neither=MVP
Mark Ellzey::Bryce Morgan Rose begs to differ...
Rob Loveday::Shooting around 30% won't get anyone an MVP.
Luc Whissell::7-23, 4/3 MVP MVP!!!! LMAO!!!!
Bryce Morgan::you forgot the 4 turnovers as well! What a god!
Jody George Prats::lol
Mark Ellzey::Scoreboard.
Mike Plummer::Lebron's new commercial debuted yesterday and I've already seen it 247 times. Good lord....
Brendan Olis::Haha which one is that?
David Zimmerman::That's called Nike trying to sell his new shoes.
Michael Rodriguez::And the boom session turner put on him hasn't been shown anywhere
Aaron Her Na Dez::Rose  soft as hell. LVP
Justin Buford::U mad bro?
James Cominos::Justin Buford he mad
Timothy Fontenot::Hopefully there won't be some odd calls against butler and deng.
Michael D. Wright::Don't want odd calls, but I do want the FOULS that they are both getting away with to get CALLED since they are calling EVERYTHING on the Knicks.
Taylor Manes::Michael D. Wright  whatever...
Timothy Fontenot::Getting away with? Just like them getting fouled early and often against the Miami floppers?
Jeremy Daniel Hilley::look rose is 100 % healthy not to be confused with 100% back to game speed its his second real game in a year and half its gonna take a little bit of time i dont know why people cant understand that its like everything, try not doing one thing your good at for a year and half and see if your just as good right away. people saying start henrich are dumb the only way rose gets back to being the best is getting the playing time. and he was there when everyone needed him the most to win the game so let him get his bad games out early theres plenty of season to go stop worrying.
Kyle Raymer::I think they do understand that.  They just have to find a reason to hate.  It was talked about before the season started, it was good to see him have success in the preseason, but it was expected that once teams real stars came in and the game speed picked up, he would struggle for a little while trying to get his game going again.  Just has to get back into that flow.  The speed and explosion is still there, we saw that a couple times tonight, but he just needs to back into a groove again.
Kenton Williams::You're is a contraction of you are. Your shows possession.
David Novak::How is he ovverated dude seriously it was his second game back in real nba action full speed so obviously he might struggle shooting and getting into the pace of the game yet he still was able to get 18 points and hit the game winner stop being a biased hater and look at the big picture.
Kyle Raymer::the Offensive fouls are getting out of control.  That last one the Knicks player actually ran into Noah.  I hate when officials make calls based off of what they think they saw.
Michael D. Wright::Are you REALLY whining about the officiating when it's completely slanted in Chicago's favor?
Kyle Raymer::They were calling it on both sides.  Like 4 in a row.  I'm not talking about just the one in the bulls
Niko Karnezis::Good to finally see Rose in action. Hopefully he progresses and gets better with each game. It would be nice for a bounce back game tonight and a W for the first home game of the season. Go Bulls!
Jody George Prats::Gonna be a long season for both teams.   Go Heat
Lu Kane::lol y troll us then?
Dima Janoshvili::stfu, hag.
Tim Gourley::bets on this going to Melo?  LOL!!!
Tyjuan McCants::7/23 and people are saying he's back
George J Banks::Just second game on the season a-hole
Tyjuan McCants::George J Banks stop making excuses for him he said he was the BEST player in the nba. I root for d rose we from the  neighborhood but he is trash right now
Tyler Johnson::No it is the fact that despite shooting poorly he made the shot that counted over a 7'er. The fact that this point escapes you is laughable. Do you know what LeBron's stats are in game winning shots?
Scott Carter::New York: 89 Chicago: 93  D-Rose goes for at least 25pts & 8ast
David Morrissey::Rose isnt even playing
Mark Ellzey::David Morrissey lol
Lu Kane::Bulls own the Knicks
Everett Armstrong::People relax its the 2nd game of the season. bulls were never known for offense. they win with defense. who cares he shot 7-23. what matters is that he made the last shot that won the game. people throwing his stats  are the same haters that probably cant even make a lay up.
Mark Brandt::I agree, it will take him some time to get use to the speed of the game again. Either way a win is a win.
Don Land::I know..... The only goal the Bulls have is winning the championship. Not Rose winning MVP.  If he goes 1-40, and they win the game, that is all that matters.
