Melvin Hall::My Wizards will win today
John Martin::Maybe but the Washington Wizards NBA basketball team will lose.
Karl Lilian K::John Martin , good one.lol
Alan Ogg::ahem.
Ed DeSalle::Heat BLOW these Losers Out EASILY! 2-2 coming up!
William Cutting::"Rings come easy when I have 2 hall of fame shooting guards on my team" -- LeBron James   Wizards 101 Heat 84
Raymond Tiger Jr.::LoL,you mean the opposite right?...
Bruno Caamano::nice, too bad he never really said that and the same should be applied to MJ and Kobe
Jack Malich::Ray Allen is about 400 years old, not the same player he was
John Osaki Jr.::If you are a Big-time LeBron James fan, check out his awesome chapter in the new 2013 book NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Kim Cogdill::I think the heat win this one Easy!!
Charles Cherry::Miami at the half by ten....
Dylan Zeigler::heat by 27 at the half
Ian Castro::I hope heat lose this game too
Demetrius Falconstakeflight Roberts::"I hope the Heat lose this game too" -Ian Castro wanting his team to clinch that important playoff spot in November
Raymond Tiger Jr.::Ian Castro  I hope heat lose this game too. No, need to be hating on a team with three World Championship Banners. The only team that should be dislike is the Lakers and the Celtics.
Tarik Mowatt::Raymond Tiger Jr.  Wait, don't hate the team with 3 championships, hate the teams with 16, and 17? Care to try that again?
John Osaki Jr.::No need to worry. Chemistry issues have bogged down the Heat the last three years and they stil have been able to overcome it! If you are a big-time LeBron James and Dwyane fan, check out their awesome chapters in the new 2013 book NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
John Martin::After several years now the Heat do not have any quality players besides the big 3. Why cannot they attract that one more quality player that will put them head and shoulders about the lelague?  And if Wade gets hurt again??
Alan Ogg::HAHAHAH. Ray Allen? Birdman? Shane Battier?.......... you sir are a moron.
Justin McElhaney::going to be funny when Gortat leaves after his contract expires next summer...Washington made the worse deal ever...$7 mil for a 1 year lease...
Thomas Paul Owens Sr.::Broken record...3 games into the season...no Nene...Wall has a sore back...has this team ever had a starting line-up on the floor ??
George Joseph::- Does anyone, here, know where I may find Dwyane Wade's Converse, which he released during the 05-06 season?
TooBig TooStrong::Looks like Randy Wittman is in his last days as coach for the Wiz.....Wiz lookin another lottery pick in the face right now..
Jay Swagless James::Even if the heat go 1-81 as long as they clich a playoffs spot...they'll will 3-peat...it aint no stopping them ...lmfo
Brandon Wilcox::If the wizards start off 0-5 0-6 fully expect a coach firing as well as a panic trade for a veteran like rudy gay
MiQuel Carniel::Miami got until March 4th to clean up this mess because Houston Rockets are going to be a serous problem.
Fafi Rippe::I'm switching between heat game & to see if Nick Foles breaks NFL record... dude has 7 TD's going for 8
Lavender West::I was disappointed when they pulled him with 10 minutes to go in the game.  They scored a touchdown on 7 of 9 drives.  He would have broken the record
Anthony J Petroff::Take me to your leader--Wall 4-12, 5 TO, 5 fouls; sure you're riiiiiiight !!!
Kevin Coleman::OMG THE HEAT DOES THIS TO  THEMSELVES EVERYGAME!!!!!!!!!
Ben Mott::Miami. Relegating like bitches!!!!
Ayn Bland::Miami could actually win this one..  It's a home game.
Kevin Coleman::the heats play so HORRIBLE IN THE 4TH!!!!! SMH
Justin Porter::Lebron said urgency lol.. uh oh
William Cason::Heat just playing around
Justin Porter::COLE BLOODED!
