VerseDaddy::i can remember after the draft suns fans hating on markieff.....how you like him now???? RCJH
wrecko22::same old warriors nothing has changed will always been horrendous on the road
Dan2938::FWD  hey everyone, in honor of ben breedlove, who died of a heart condition on Christmas Day, could everyone please wear white tomorrow. Thank you
FeelinPhoggy::Another great night for Markieff Morris If he isn't earning respect and a more prominent role I don't know who in the league is He's been the most impressive person on the Suns' roster in my opinion
DanimalTheAnimalASUFan28::Wow, GG Suns
49GiaWars::Here we go again... it's starting to look like one of those years
49GiaWars::Wait a minute David Lee didn't play?
WarriorsGO::nope was sick
CosmoKramer1444::Quick notes 1. Because Nash is getting back on track, the Suns need to trade him. 2-Jeremy Tyler needs more minutes at C.
hulKKNUPE::I wonder if Suns fans have realized that Gortat is overrated??
WarriorsGO::I dont understand how a guy is overrated when he is barely rated at all.
mully400::Is that why he barely played?
Los suns::He's not overrated at all; try playing with a broken thumb
Forkitout24::He was Howard's backup. We like him though. PHX has never been a "big man" market.
Forkitout24::Nash 21, 9 and 2 not bad for an old fart.
Athayil11::why golden state why mota
jared575757::how has Klay thompson been doing
SB4LlFE::klay has been on fire lately...
mross1864::Not a huge part of the rotation as of yet.  He compliments the shorter ellis off the bench, but in my opinion Rush is the 1st guard off the bench for the warriors this season if he keeps playing the way he is.
WarriorsGO::I like Jenkins. He needs more playing time.
Goodbar77::warriors need to go back to the wnba
mross1864::Ya we got you the 1st time.  Goodbar---&gt; "He wasn't the sharpest tool in the shed, but he may be the biggest"
mross1864::rush and ish smith have my vote for more minutes. especially rush.
Goodbar77::HEY LOOK ITS MY BUDDY FORKITOUT
Forkitout24::It appears ILL beat you by a TD and ASU by a FG
Forkitout24::fork u
Goodbar77::ROFL WARRIORS SUCK. Put them back in the WNBA
mross1864::do you know how to read? neither team will make the playoffs loser! Read then reply! It's 3 lines of text!
brad32832::^ thats a joke, the WARRIORS arent making playoffs, you women.
mross1864::Look, the warriors and suns both kinda suck.  lets take a time out, let the adrenaline rush of a monday matinee win over the mediocre warriors cool off and reassess things. What do you say goodbar?  Cause the Suns are not making the playoffs by my estimation either.
dreamhax::bulls suck too then. so do the knicks.
arizonasting01::Im dippin out too! Later everyone, Go Suns!
Forkitout24::Wisc Oregon game. Over and out.
brad32832::Suns are Backk!
-.Heatster.-::Warriors will get 6th seed or better, Suns might sneak into the playoffs
mross1864::I was also happy with kwame brown for what its worth.
mross1864::morris loked solid for sure
brad32832::Can't go wrong with Morris! Only getting better!
mross1864::the coaching is why we're giving up less points this season (so far).  The warriors don't play as a team when curry isn't on the floor running the team.
IVI PapaDoc IVI::They play worse with Curry. Watch when he is out there. Heck look at all of last game.
epamobsta::with lee out and curry in foul trouble the whole game  suns got good shooters but thats it they'll lose to the mavericks by a big margin
brad32832::Warriors can play, just the coaching isnt there
mross1864::warriors will still end up with a better record than the suns
Forkitout24::will see
jzalvarado::Against the Warriors.. Hardly
Richardcurrier::Just got home, didnt see the game, where was or is Lee??? I havent seen anything saying he was hurt
Richardcurrier::LOL. thanks for the update....Glad I didnt watch it though..
Forkitout24::sick
jzalvarado::Yeast Infection ;)
epamobsta::out with an illnes
mross1864::I'm a huge warriors fan and I'll admit that we played poorly. The warriors have no desire to move the ball around before picking a shot.  One on one basketball will not make the playoffs.  I've seen improvement from the warriors on defense, but they abandon the playbook too often and go for the long jumpers.  We need more pick and rolls, post up plays, move the ball around the horn and settle for a shot at that point if theres nothing there.  It's gonna be a long season and I don't see the playoffs as a possibility unless we can play as a team.
mross1864::truth
youngmac123::there only post up player (david lee) was out..remember he's a huge part of that offense
WarriorsGO::agreed
Forkitout24::check out Oregons helmets. Liquid Metal. cool
jzalvarado::arizonasting01 I thought you were a Suns fan jz?? ------------------------------------------------- Im a San Francisco Giants and Warriors fan Arizonasting, BUT Im a huge Arizona Cardinals and Coyotes fan.  Ive split my whole adult life between bay area and the East Valley of PHX
nogicat3::Bye everyone GO SUNS!!!
arizonasting01::later man
nogicat3::later
jzalvarado::I wish we could execute a trade of Ekpe Udoh and Dorrell Wright for a decent 3.  I don't mind a starting lineup of Monta, Curry, TBD for the 3, Lee, Biedrins with a reserve of Ish/Jenkins, Thompson, Rush, McGuire, Kwame Brown.  Ekpeh Udoh is the biggest offensive stiff Since Well.. Kwame Brown AND Dorrell Wright is an absolute black hole in the Warriors starting lineup right now
CosmoKramer1444::Plus he's a force on D.
WarriorsGO::Udoh has played well on offense. I dont know what your talking about. You just dont like post up players.
arizonasting01::Gortat  Morris Hill  Dudley  Nash
Cylentkiller::Hill benched Warwick starting sf. Trust me.
nogicat3::I like this one better haha
JLIN722::thanks for the stream!  http://sportsleech.com works great!  i will be using it for tonights games too :)
fluidtheA.R.A.B::i knew the warriors would lose cuz they played like crap last game and looked bad today ..rush needs to step his game up
Forkitout24::Starting line up for Mavs Gortat Nash Dudley Hakim Morris
CosmoKramer1444::I agree. He's always been on the light side anyway.
CosmoKramer1444::Can Hakim play the 3?
Forkitout24::I think he'd do ok.
nogicat3::I like it
arizonasting01::Suns are the best team in 2012 so far!
nogicat3::LMAO not for long haha
nogicat3::Good win for the suns. Over 100 in points, Morris looks like a stud, and the D continues to do surprising well.  GO SUNS!!!
jzalvarado::Wish we could say the same thing about our rookie
arizonasting01::I thought you were a Suns fan jz??
nogicat3::Klay's a good player give him some time.
dreamhax::one of these days Nash will stop receiving special treatment from the refs. he sux more ref d ick than anybody in the NBA.
Woffar::You get lebron confused with nash?
galagator25::6 free throws all season is special treatment?
galagator25::Special treatment?  Huh!?
fluidtheA.R.A.B::nash got a soccer player"s mentality ..thats smart fool
youngmac123::he only shot 2 free throws
dreamhax::so instead of countering my argument, you call me an idiot. you sound really smart...
youngmac123::players don't challenge him on defense because he receives special treatment? GTFOH! lol you sound real idiotic right now
dreamhax::and? ppl dont challenge him on defense because he receives ST.
vnguy9879::Good fix for UNDER GS. :).
WarriorsGO::obviously u dont watch warriors games. we failed to reach 100 points in all of our games this season.
WarriorsGO::Good game SUns yo guys outplayed us and we played like sh.. starting to get annoyed.
FriscoWarriors415::It really is. This sucks. I really thought we would beat them but we just sucked. We have too many turnovers and there were too many fouls today. The refs sucked also though
supe540::Suns score over a hundred.  Nice D GS.
youngmac123::Nash had a great game, phx will get better when micheal redd returns
epamobsta::another 3 point shooter you already got dudley and frye chuking all day
youngmac123::he doesn't need to do much..just be a spot up shooter nash can dish the ball out 2
epamobsta::not really michael redd knees are gone hes just going to take a roster spot
arizonasting01::Nice game, Nash stepped up. Frye and Dudley woke up and Morris played awesome!
Phil9_9::Under 2H hits! Finally!
Forkitout24::seal the deal Steve!!  Mavs!! next
Forkitout24::yes with that 3
WarriorsGO::Dudley actually sealed it.
arizonasting01::About time we get over the 100 mark!
galagator25::nice assist
jzalvarado::Funny the f.ucken warriors had a chance to draft Greg Monroe last year and Went with Ekpe Udoh instead.. This year we draft Klay (2 minutes played today total) Thompson and Markieff Morris eats us up alive.  This Warriors team is absolutely brutal to root for
WarriorsGO::I like ekpe udoh over Monroe. Hes got a nice post game. and its way to early to talk about this years rookies.
WarriorsGO::Its 1 game?
jzalvarado::Way too early to talk about this year's rookies!?!?! Markieff Morris just raped our frontcourt
dreamhax::$@%!
Kyle F::G.S. is putrid
dreamhax::its not even an injury. hes sick.
Allen4875::bs dream.   GS had this game hands down if they played like grownups and took care of teh ball.  20 turnovers is UNACCEPTABLE
galagator25::TOs and stupid fouls are killers.
epamobsta::you cant win a game with your captian out the game
jzalvarado::Okay Bob Fitzgerald... we'll be blaming injuries for the next 20 years
dreamhax::yeah okay. GS had their second leading scorer out for today. please gtfo
epamobsta::just like your mother right ?
jzalvarado::what does his mother have to do with the Warriors being absolutely brutal to watch this year
Mr Ntense::woooooooooooooo
Phil9_9::Steve Nash has taken over the game.
Welcome2daGoodBurger::nash to magic + howard= title
trachea01::dude you dumb.
Welcome2daGoodBurger::2nd rounder and reddick
arizonasting01::hahahahaha! good one
arizonasting01::magic have nothing to trade for him...
nogicat3::Nash!!
austrislaksa::Morris is this game MVP. GS without Lee isn't real GS, but suns today win. Sad.Sad.Sad.
arizonasting01::he said that earlier
WarriorsGO::Nash has never been slow and if anyone said that they are dumb.
arizonasting01::what happened to Nash being too slow?
youngmac123::steve nash still has it, problem is he's a true pg so he's going to try to get his teammates shots first..so when the time comes when they need his scoring, he isn't in rhythm so he misses a lot of shots.
Forkitout24::One
trachea01::Anyone know if Gortat reinjuried his thumb? Hes not been in in A WHILE.
Forkitout24::this
