bearpawjoe::Can't get that thug treatment on the road. What a homer game.
coloradoxplant::Denver is starting to get rolling.....watch out Western Conference.
jayeteee::Haven't heard a lot from those loud mouth Kniicks fans lately. I guess their awesome team has been grounded. I think their fans thought all their games were going to be played at home. Anyway, enough w/ that, I love the way the Nuggets came out in the 2nd half last night. That's the team the Nuggets can be when they work, and I hope to see more of it. Go Nuggets!!!!!!
Broncman17::I think Iggy might have been told to relax a little and just let the game flow more through him than to try and press the issue. He had a breakout game tonight. Let's hope it continues..
leftshot::This could have been a really entertaining game if the refs hadn't ruined it.
Broncman17::The Warriors are a young, entertaining team. But they have a ways to go yet. Jackson's got 'em playing much better though.
Young_Guru303::Keep crying, David Stern lives off of your tears.
Broncman17::I think the bath salts finally did dwade in.....he's disappeared
petersoncooper::Bottom line is that anyone who thinks D Wade is better than Jordan is an idiot.
dwade grater den jordan::out 2 maimi clubs now.. have fun doin fat chicks in nasty bars in co every1... ILL BE BACK WIT A VINGINCE THO
CopeWTF::He lives in Commerce City everyone!
Broncman17::His sister would rather just stay home...
Young_Guru303::I bet the only dance move you know is the dice.
LAblue32::This will be the last time the nuggets have 2 home games in a row until..... JANUARY 3RD.
Broncman17::And if we could just figure out the Spurs..DAMN!!
Young_Guru303::Yeah, we for some reason to turn the ball over an absurd amount against the spurs... the one team you can't afford to turn the ball over against.
Young_Guru303::haha I dunno, I honestly like it though. If we can pull in to January over .500, the rest of the season we should coast and get at least a 4 seed.
LAblue32::If we can get through December that will be just brutal
Broncman17::What's up with that scheduling?? Did Karl do Stern's wife???
Young_Guru303::But then they play I think 19 games at home during that month. We should make a huge run.
wristedhip::Nuggets are a crazy team. They win some of the games they should win, but often they lose games they shouldn't lose and win a few games they shouldn't win. It's difficult pulling for them.
MythDaEmcee::The staple of George Karl - "they have shown a tendency to play to their level of competition...".
Young_Guru303::They just need to start coming out energized every night like they did here. Ty came out looking to score, Igoudala didn't force the game instead let it flow, and Gallo got to the line. If we consistently play like this, we're real dangerous.
petersoncooper::They have shown a tendency to play to their level of competition, they tend to play much better at home as well
dwade grater den jordan::i shudnt go out 2nite cuz i spent a months celery on botle service at LIV.. wat a good nite tho i was so drunk
Zede51::your celery at dickmonalds must be terrible
soloartist11::FOSH DAWG
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::dwade grater den jordan in 1 hr illmeet my honey --------------------------------------------- that's cool man.. is he usually a night owl like you are?
RoxsHead5280::I don't give a rats a$$ what college you went to. I personally think that college is overrated. I hardly see graduates getting good jobs now a days. More often than not I see people with degrees working minimum wage jobs.
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::Haha I got my degree in Psychology, finished a second degree in Math, AND am now anxiously applying to work Housekeeping at the VA hospital
dwade grater den jordan::i own my own busniess called invistiCORE... ill hire u as my janitor if u need a jjob
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::It's OK Dwade Grater, most of these people don't understand 'greatness' on the boards when they see it.  It's the reason why most of my fellow SF Giants fans turned on me for trying to defend you on our message board during baseball season.
Broncman17::His epic level of trollness is beyond us mere mortal's comprehention..LMAO
dwade grater den jordan::i luved those nites... lol
dwade grater den jordan::i just bot a 74' lcd today ne1 else get deals??
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::I thought you were headed out to the clubs, Dwade?
dwade grater den jordan::in 1 hr illmeet my honey
Trivial Psychic::You called it.
Trivial Psychic::Anyone who chooses to fight the crowds and stand in line so they can shop on the busiest day of the year is a fool.
dwade grater den jordan::u mad cuz im ritcher den u??
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::you're so full of s.hit, haha
dwade grater den jordan::i own my ownes busniess dats just sense 2 all my $$$
dwade grater den jordan::roxhead thnks hes so smart n cant even no how 2 use reply buton lol. i bet u went 2 csu or cu lol dummmass
Luncey612::His own boss due to the unemployment checks....
Trivial Psychic::You are still here?  Find a hobby man.
RoxsHead5280::Na I go to a community college. Universities are a waste of money imo
dwade grater den jordan::i went to maimi dade college i bet u jealus,now im my own boss
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::Broncman17 Obummer probably just loves him!!  One of the entitlement lemmings trolling from their parent's basement... ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Haven't paid taxes in a few years now either, but I didn't vote for Obama
RoxsHead5280::I dont blame you. Its all going to waste anyways.
petersoncooper::In my experience when getting trolled by a Miami fan and they have the nerve to bring up football the simple response that usually shuts them up that they have never seen the Dolphins make the playoffs in their lifetime.  Bwahahahahaha!!!   soak that one in
RoxsHead5280::Yeah the Fins aren't going anywhere anytime soon. Too bad we had to get rid of Marshall. Imagine if we still had him on the Broncos. Manning with DT and Marshall would be deadly
petersoncooper::He didn't want to be in Denver so in the case I'm glad he's gone
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::Did you stand in line at Walmart for one of those big tv's on sale, Dwade grater?
JesusShuttlesworthySpin::I didnt catch the game, what happened to barnes tonight?
JesusShuttlesworthySpin::really???
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::It was gruesome to watch.  Id suggest you don't watch the highlights UNLESS you have a very strong stomach
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::torn acl, mcl :(
Broncman17::dwade grater den jordan is THE KING of TROLLDOM. Nuff said!!
Young_Guru303::No, he tries too hard. hes the king of really ineffective, embarrassing trolling.
dwade grater den jordan::tulo=washed up garbidge  FACT
Broncman17::Obummer probably just loves him!! One of the entitlement lemmings trolling from their parent's basement...
petersoncooper::Another bitter Miami tax payer?
dwade grater den jordan::ya u jealus cuz he one??
RoxsHead5280::dwade grater den jordan - i havnt payed taxes in 2 years lol  You probably voted for Obama huh?
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::this is what makes you so great Dwade Grater haha
dwade grater den jordan::i havnt payed taxes in 2 years lol
RoxsHead5280::Who's Miamis SS?? Oh wait, he just got traded to the Jays... LMAO.. Your owner should look at how much money he has in the bank before he guarantees these players these contracts. Accounting 101
RoxsHead5280::JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado - actually i thought the Marlins made a heck of a trade.  Got back alot of young talent with high ceiling AND got rid of players who they overpaid to get in the first place.  Whoever thought Bell's contract would be tradeable.  A prospect is a prospect man. Hardly half of them actually end up being someone. And Reyes won the batting title the previous year with the Mets. He was a hell of a player. I guess we'll have to wait and see though
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::actually i thought the Marlins made a heck of a trade.  Got back alot of young talent with high ceiling AND got rid of players who they overpaid to get in the first place.  Whoever thought Bell's contract would be tradeable.
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::Dwade let me ask you a serious question AND i actually think your posts are somewhat funny and I often make the mistake of encouraging your troll-dom BUT seriously, You do realize that you are one of the s.hittiest spellers in the history of these message boards, right?
Young_Guru303::Yeah dwade, I bet you get all kinds of girls sitting in your basement all day trolling the ESPN message boards. $@%!$@ loser. :)
Young_Guru303::You just admitted to knowing hes a troll and yet to fail to see his spelling is all part of his trolling? No wonder you think Texas girls are pretty.
dwade grater den jordan::hes young_guru hes a 14 yr old virgin i bet lol
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::Texas girls are HOT.  What does that have to do with his 'trolling;?
dwade grater den jordan::im no troll u just mad bro cuz u cant bag a TX girl???
dwade grater den jordan::prolly but i dnt really care its just cuz i try 2 tipe fast
Broncman17::dwade grater den jordan couldn't get lucky on Colfax with 200 bucks in his pocket...  Just my two cents worth though...LMAO
RoxsHead5280::Haha best comment of the night. LMAO
dwade grater den jordan::biggest sport town on rise:   1. MAIMI - king of teams FACT  2. chicaigo= joke of sports now ex. cubs whitesux but bulls r good 1nce rose is back   3. ny- nets gunna be tite but melo sux,tebow gunna take over sumday 4. la- dogers played good n now have gonzalez,crawfroud, becket, laker out wit a vingince due 2 howard and nash but they SUX now. no nfls tho 5. denver- got manning, nuggs gunna be solid, avs looking yung, but roickies plane sux   just my 2 sense tho
RoxsHead5280::Na not at all.I actually don't mind the Fins. Reggie is one of my favorite backs. That and the Fins are Tulo's favorite team and I'll support anything Tulo likes cause he's the man
Young_Guru303::Dont feed the troll. Just don't.
RoxsHead5280::Rocks need pitching. We got on of the best offenses in the league with Tulo and Cargo. We get some pitching and new management/owners and we'll be on the rise. Miami flat out sucks for sports to. Dolphin games look hideous
dwade grater den jordan::u mad cuz tanninhill is nxt marino??
Alex47666::wow you have half of a brain
Broncman17::dwade grater den jordan = EPIC DORK
dwade grater den jordan::wow la laikers is really out wit a vingince.... got superman and be a force 2 wreckon wit.  HEAT STILL BETTER THO. nuggs will finish 6th in west i bet.   -just my 2 sense tho, take it or leave it.
Young_Guru303::troll alert, troll alert, troll alert.
Alex47666::since a rock is smarter   Fact   no i wont take it
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::Typical looking Denver woman:  About 5'10 5'11.. big a.ss feet.  Very Pale.  and somewhat unkempt.  As I said, love the City, but women in Dallas or in Phoenix run circles around the quality of women in Denver.
Young_Guru303::True that Bronc, true that.
Broncman17::Oklahoma chicks are smokin' !! Have you ever been there? It's amazing..
Young_Guru303::Dallas? Phoenix? Psht, if I were to pick any state but Colorado it'd be Kansas, or one of those other states where girls don't have $@%! to do but look pretty. Colorado girls are gorgeous though, always fit, and usually chill as $@%!.
petersoncooper::There are lots of hot girls Austin, Colorado has lots as well walk around Boulder or even Denver.  Way better than per capita from my samplings
RoxsHead5280::Go to Fort Collins or Boulder if you wanna see where all the real Colorado girls are
RoxsHead5280::Dallas??? No way in hell man. Texas is the fattest state in the Union. I guess that'd be true if you prefer more cushion for the pushin
petersoncooper::What does this have to do with Gallos jumper?
dwade grater den jordan::maim gurls ownes arizonas grls i  think
dwade grater den jordan::MAIMI WOMAN &gt; CO WOMAN  FACT
petersoncooper::The Avs won a cup fool
RoxsHead5280::dwade grater den jordan - lol 1nce? big deal still sux  They one two and many NHL fans consider those Avs teams to be some of the best EVER. Sakic, Forseberg, Roy, Blake... Come on man those teams were stacked
dwade grater den jordan::lol 1nce? big deal still sux
King DM::There's No Such Thing As A Maimi Woman.
taterbill::Wasn't Dwight Eisenhower married to some lady named Maimie?  Maybe that's who he's talking about...
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::RoxsHead5280 Colorado is the greatest state in the Union. First to legalize booze in the 20's and first to legalize bud. We got the healthiest people and we more importantly know how to party. So yeah, way better than the shitttt hole you live in where ever that is ---------------------------------------------------------- while I generally agree with your statement, your women look like Sasquatches.  It's like all they know how to wear in Denver is Yoga Pants and Ugg Boots
RoxsHead5280::Ummm how about no. Like I said, healthiest state in the union which means we have some of the sexiest girls as well. Your welcome to come here and you're mind will be changed.
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::I have..  I was stationed there for a brief time with the Air Force.  I like the city setup, like all the running trails, cost of living is a bit high for my taste, like the restaurants, BUT Denver women seem to all be built the same way.
dwade grater den jordan::lol i boaned a grl 1nce from co.. she was 2 skiny 4 my likes but she was hawt
petersoncooper::Anyone that thinks D Wade or even Lebron is greater than Jordan never saw him play.
Broncman17::And the "fans" don't show up regardless...sad
RoxsHead5280::Id love to see Jordans Bulls take on this years Heat.
RoxsHead5280::dwade grater den jordan - id luve 2 see rockies, aves, or nugets be relivant 4 1nce  Avs have won 2 cups, Broncos have two super bowls, Rockies aren't the greatest but they've had their moments and the Nugs have made the playoffs for the past nine years. Broncos are legit contenders this year as well. WAY better than anything Miami has going. The marlins are the laughing stock of the MLB for christs sakes. You get all these great players and then have to sell them cause you cant afford them. haha what a joke
petersoncooper::Or Magics Lakers who would prob beat them all
dwade grater den jordan::id luve 2 see rockies, aves, or nugets be relivant 4 1nce
King DM::96' Bulls
dwade grater den jordan::lol  i luv jordan but he=overatied
Alex47666::see lebum and jordan play 2 diferent styles of basketball jordan clutch ball hog lebum passes in the 4th quarter
dwade grater den jordan::MAIMI &gt; UR "STATE'  FACT
Alex47666::monkey $@%! &gt; wade
King DM::Whats Maimi?
King DM::dwade grater den jordan  YOU'RE HILARIOUS HAHAHAHA
Alex47666::we love laughing at u
dwade grater den jordan::thnk u all other r mad and jealus @ me lol
King DM::Lol
dwade grater den jordan::im so drunk on gin and tonix rite now... going 2 maimi clubs, while all u r stuck in colorado forests lol
RoxsHead5280::Miami is a stinky shittt hole.
Alex47666::hope u drive so 2 things can happen u die or get to met the po po
King DM::No Wonder You Cant Spell. You're Too Drunk. Its Past You're Bed Time. Go To SLEEP!
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::It's already PAST midnight.  No way you'll be able to sneak out without waking up your parents
petersoncooper::The Manimal is a beast!
RoxsHead5280::This dwade guy is one of the worst trolls on the ESPN boards.. What a bum.. Go get a life you freaking loser
RoxsHead5280::Colorado is the greatest state in the Union. First to legalize booze in the 20's and first to legalize bud. We got the healthiest people and we more importantly know how to party. So yeah, way better than the shitttt hole you live in where ever that is
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::Actually he is High-larious
King DM::Haha. He Misspelled "Asking", "Denver" And "Nuggets" SMH
dwade grater den jordan::u mad cuz rockies sux 2??? and all of CO???
Alex47666::broncos could kick the giants $@%
King DM::Good Win Denverrr!
dwade grater den jordan::denvier sux  FACT
RoxsHead5280::You like your own comments. You got self-esteem issues bro. Go take a hit from the bong or something
King DM::You're Spelling Sucks.  FACT!
aleste2009::denvier isnt a team
aleste2009::good game iggy!
dwade grater den jordan::lol nugets r close 2 worst team in leage... u fans r delushonal
Alex47666::wait heat fans think wade better than jordan wade not even a top 5 player in the leauge   idiouts
King DM::You're Spelling Is The Worst....You're Delusional
Alex47666::he's probally a cuban that doesnt know english yet
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::sup man. I missed your posts from the World Series
dwade grater den jordan::wat r u akusing me of???
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::you're so full of s.hit.  I was on there.  I would have known about it.
dwade grater den jordan::huH? i was on WS boreds?
aleste2009::says the idiot who thinks wade is better then jordan
petersoncooper::Will Bogut ever play for GS?
petersoncooper::What kind of organization trades for him when I would not even draft him in a fantasy league?
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::an organization who's main motto was "Big Things are coming" and there was a shadow that looked eerily like Dwight Howard whom they desperately tried to get.  When that fell through, they took a gamble and traded for Bogut
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::will he ever play at an All-Star Calibre though?  Probably Not
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::yes.
Alex47666::golden state fans already better than those mother $@%!$@% timbertrolls who made fun off the shooting that went on in may
aleste2009::does anyone like gallo?
aleste2009::and yeah the hair gels a little to much
aleste2009::that can be said for any player i thought he played well tonight yet he recived to much hate. I understand he jacked up all those 3s but i still like his game hes a great mid range shooter and an oustanding FT shooter if he can get to the hoop more or get a post game i think he might be an all star
Young_Guru303::Uh, are you expecting that someone who matters will come on this message board and say, "no, I don't like Gallo."
petersoncooper::Not when he's shooting 30% and wearing lots of hair gell
1gatherer::I like the Chianti
Alex47666::when he makes shots
WarriorsWarrior::WIN AT HOME W's. GN Dub fans!
SoNotHipster::cscobra = lakers fan talking $@%!. so funny2me
Alex47666::can u belive we have back to back home games
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::Biedrins has the 'potential' to be better than any other big man the Warriors have (including Bogut).  Keyword: 'Potential'.  Solid on the ball off the ball defender.  Good rebounder
Young_Guru303::Just from the two games the Nuggets have played this year against the Warriors, he seems pretty lost on the offensive side. A pretty solid defender though, not much of a shot blocker.
petersoncooper::Biendrins ship has sailed, that dude should be deported asap
phattybumbum::Nuggets on fire at home
1gatherer::They are at home almost all of January. Could be a great run.
Trivial Psychic::They need to take advantage of the few home games they have early in the year.
1gatherer::Melo got 37 points tonight, no blocks, 2 assists. I am so glad that show is over in Denver. I love watching this years Nuggets.
haliborange::and seven turnovers
Trivial Psychic::Anybody would.
1gatherer::I'll take that any day.
Trivial Psychic::While Harden put up 33 points on 15 shots, with 9 assists.
epamobsta650::Nuggets came out with more energy in the second half that's why they won
1gatherer::they were playing "rope a dope" the first half
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::As I said below, Curry's ankle is gonna be an issue for him throughout.  I know last game he kind of tweaked it and then had a monster run right after.  I think it was apparent this game that he was uncomfortable pushing off of it on jumpshots
Oaktown1029::The "mile-high"air might have gotten to Curry tonight - Steph's biggest strength is his shooting, if he's running point (and gets tired), his shot selection is limited and not so great. Barnes' early 4 fouls made him a non-factor tonight as well. Oh well, lets bounce back.
petersoncooper::Who wants to chase Lawson around all night when you can just drain 3s?
Young_Guru303::I thought this was going to be another lazy weed reference, haha.
RapCity421::Seriously what the hell happened Warriors? What a just god awful 2nd half performance! 37 points?
petersoncooper::The Nugs have the ability to play D but they dont do it all the time and they have great rebounding team
Alex47666::#1 in the leauge in rebounding
