ntsampson::46 free throws to 15. No wonder Rondo threw the ball at the Ref. That is not right. The Refs were only looking at one team for fouls, and one only. Lets see if the Pistons get the same calls in the next game.
green solution::Replace Pierce, JO and Daniels with anyone you can. They're horrible. PP is a ball hog, always getting stripped and Doc loves him so he gets away with it. Daniels is not a serious player. JO - I can't even add to what's already been said. The Invisible Man. What happen to Ainge.
bow3599::no one is looking forward to the all star break more than Boston, hopefully a much needed rest and then go on a blitzkrieg like they have in the past, if not than maybe not making it to the playoffs, and if they do make it to the playoffs as a 7 or 8 seed stuck playin Chicago or Miami
green solution::Cs have no feared and skilled power forward and no center. They will get absolutely pummeled against anyone if they even make the playoffs. Rebuilding should have started at the start of last year - before Shaq took Danny for a ride. Where's Erden and Nenad? Sure could use them now.
MarioTheSupah::Walking Dead season 3 is on! Oh wait that's just a Celtics game lol.
titans_gators::I am glad our Pistons are doing well. I watch nearly every game this season after I told myself that I refuse to watch them in 2009. I watched maybe 5 full halves and zero full games over the previous two years and now I think I have watched at least 20 full 2nd halves and probably 8 full games. I love our Pistons and hope we get a Lottery slot in the #7-10 range. I said at the start of the yr that there is a 0% chance that we finish 1st or 2nd worst record in the NBA. But it is funny b/c it seems as if we never know which Stuckey or Prince is gonna come out and play. We shelled out $15-16mil per yr on those two guys this yr and each game one of the two will possibly drop 20-25 and then we go crazy like "Glad we got him back" but then he goes down to 10-12pts and we are like "Why did we re-sign him?" then one of them will go back to the 20s. But I do believe that we should have signed Tayshaun to 3yrs not 4yrs We have 10 players signed till at least next yr, so we are gonna have the same exact team. And then when Singler decides to come back from Europe (should have drafted Chandler Parsons instead). We are losing a little less than $4mil off the books in the 3 guys we are losing. For years we have been drafting 2nd round players and I don't think we EVER use any of them, except for Jonas Jerebko. We need to start finding players like Jerebko in the draft instead of drafting guys like White, Summers, and Macklin (my Gator boy!) who will play less than 20min all season.
titans_gators::Next yr we already have $57.7 million on the books over 10players b/c we all know that Maxiell is not gonna turn down his $5mil player option. Singler is gonna get paid at least $700K to $1mil per yr for 2yrs and will average about 2pts per game at best! We will already be over the salary cap before the draft even begins. Our draft pick is gonna want to be paid a deal like 3yrs/$12mil. We are gonna have to build our franchise around Monroe, Knight, and whoever we draft this year. But the problem is that we also have to have the next 2yrs after this one between Stuckey and Prince's contracts as well. Charlie V has screwed over our Franchise so much!!!! We gave Charlie V a 5yr/$35mil deal after he averaged just 13pts and 6.5 rebs in 4 yrs and only 137 starts. Thanks JOE D!!!
twinsfan184::Boy, this story got buried on ESPN....
raven.5200::Rondo just earned himself at least a 2 game suspension.
BigPage24::Well no duh they won look at the disparity in free throws
Merriweather Brown::THe Celts will bite the bullet this season-the labor dispute spoiled the season anyway. They will get the 8 seed in the playoffs.  After they lose, they get rid of the expiring contracts-KG $21 mio, Allen $10 mio, O'Neal $6.7 mio, etc &amp; then sign sign young talent.
scottpilgrim36::Holy crap. 46-15 in free throws??
theu112392::yea, celtics can't protect the paint anymore. its bad.
J-SMOOVE2023::KG to the Mavs for Odom, Beabois, Mahinmi, 1st
theu112392::if mavs are going to do a trade it will involve shawn marion, cause they want cap space to sign both d-will and howard, which is a real possibility if they trade marion.
This is a Troll::RIP Celtics
paversity::Uhh. The pistons are one of the hottest teams? 7 wins in their last nine? Hmmm. Let's look at that. The only team that had a winning record (barely and now after the second loss is only .500) is Boston. Then we've got Sacramento, Milwaukee, New Orleans, New Jersey (2x). They also lost handedly to the awful Wizards. And were it not for a 4th quarter surge that saw them briefly take the lead, the San Antonio loss would have been another blowout too. They're not hot. They're just in a good contest of sub-average teams as of late. I wish I could say otherwise. The rotating starting line, no sense of consistency in production or cohesiveness, shows this is far from a finished product. Show me even 6/9 against above-.500 teams, and I might be willing to entertain the idea that something is heating up in Detroit. They only have four other wins: two against Indiana and Orlando when the season was in its infancy, a win against mediocre Charlotte, and a win against inconsistent Portland. Take away the two earliest wins, and they haven't beaten a team that is currently more than two games above .500. Of the four that are currently playoff-bound, only Indiana and Orlando seem a lock. Need some signature wins to be hot. Only thing hot here is the air, in bunches.
paversity::Not a hater; merely a realist. It's not mere coincidence they started winning only when the quality of their opponents' play went down. With that said, there is only one NBA team I ever root for. But I'm not going to lie to myself about the sudden "success" of this team. You just cannot be deemed a hot team when you're merely coming out on top of a battle with other cellar dwellers; Someone has to win those games. Doesn't mean that either team is all that great. I'll always take a victory. but I'm not going to read too much into these recent ones. Not hot. Not yet.
xfilehead13::Sounds like the same crap they were saying about Jeremy Lin.  The only way to answer those critics is to just win.
WoodwardAvenueDetroit::Some people lie to themselves to feel better.
trademarktaz::stop hating on the pistons loser they're playing a lot better clearly than they were when they were 4-20
CheerstoLilWayne::what ever makes you sleep better at night...
badger972::Greg, your 6 rb and a block for 15 min was great. keep working.
Vic Tokai::Surging Pistons. Geigh.
Luclongley_MVP::Let me steal a quote from Lethal Weapon regarding the Celtics.  "I'm getting too old for this ****"
bob_ran4::what are the chances the Pistons draft Draymond Green?
xfilehead13::I looked around a little.  One mock draft had him going the first pick of the 2nd round.  Chad Ford hasn't updated him since Nov 25 and didn't give him much of a rating.  Seems likely he may be available in the second round if the Pistons were so inclined.
baseballerocho::I like that idea. He's a big man that can shoot from the outside.   Kinda reminds me of Rasheed Wallace.
CheerstoLilWayne::they better not.
TouchMyRomo::Rondo is a piece of trash he needs to be on the bench for the rest of the season. let Moore take his minutes
lehmanator123::Over the hill and far away (from a championship)
401MacK::Nobody asked about your current status.
titans_gators::For Spring Break I am attending one of the home games for the Pistons. I miss that atmosphere. Lakers coming to town in March. I think so!!!!!
vegasspartan1684::you need a better spring break plan
ThePainofCanes1-10::lol @ this game.
ChiGuy1002::Bill Laimbeer is not walking through that door. Isiah Thomas is not walking through that door.
sethbball20::Is it crazy to think the Pistons can make a run to catch the Celtics for an 8th seed? With the way the Pistons are playing right now, and the way the Celtics are playing, I wouldn't put it completely out of the question.
.2theriot2::Rondo is a b*tch
NASCAR ROCKS24::what is wrong with the celtics? I mean they lost to Detroit no offense Detroit fans but they arent the best of teams
CheerstoLilWayne::we know the Pistons still aren't that good...no offense taken.
Zippppppp::Twice in the past few days
jerrymmm::Surging Pistons. Pretty ggod.
Ultras South::So the Celtic-Laker era is basically over (it kind of has been since last year).
ThiscantbeAwesomebeast222::RIP Celtics
__Ivan Johnson__::lol Kevin Durant and Russel Westbrook outscored the Celtics
MansGame5313::I got a crazy idea maybe this off season the pistons should make a hard push for Dwight Howard. I know its a long shot but him with Greg up front would be great and if we can find us a real shooting gaurd that would make us a damn good team
sethbball20::Pistons effort is sky high right now, and the young players are developing right before our eyes.
sethbball20::lol at Rondo getting ejected. Maybe Boston should stop having bad attitudes and try to win games by effort
paulpiercepiru::HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
green solution::Celts have no center and no power forward. And least none that Doc will play. Doc love his boys.
torpid bunny::Um, Garnett and Bass aren't power forwards?
bettyz31::I second "JO is a dead man walking"...so TRUE!
401MacK::I'm a C's fan but I gotta say, KG has invented the new position "finesse-forward" :(
green solution::I love Garnett, but he has no strength left. Bass is shooting from outside a lot. JO is dead man walking.
Bruce4845::someone said durant is sick . i do not think so he is playing tonight so i think he is healthy . so bamberg he is not sick . and look with kg . detroit would not even have a chance ,. and it did not help that rondo did not like the bs in this game . rondo was right . every once in awhile players need to wake up the refs . so thumbs up to rondo tonight . and to top it off celtic s were only down 12 when rondo said see ya . i'm out of here . with rondo ray -paul 12 points is nothing with 3 mins left in the third . but without kg - and no rondo for the fourth quarter 12 points is a lot .But   they do need to dump o'neil - daniels - strusberg or whatever his name .is . and maybe one more . They should keep rondo - pual - ray - kg - avery ( but he needs to be shaken up a little )  bass ( also needs to be shaken up a little ) moore is ok . johnson is ok doolin -ok . and wilcox is ok .. and dump the rest . for a good center . or very good F/C. and one more small forward .o. neil SUCKS -daniels SUCKS  - and scalabrine # 2  SUCKS BIG TIME . SO with them three players they should be able to get some kind of halfway decent small forward - or F/C or center . But they will be there at the end of the season . and it would be hell to play them in the playoffs .
titans_gators::Looks like we have a senior citizen on the comment boards!!!
MaerkWoodly::sick = slang for being extremely skilled
bob_ran4::I'm calling bs on the attendance though...
ffcatfish00::when they get back to being good, then the people will come out
sethbball20::No, there were actually a ton of people there tonight. It was quite nice.
bob_ran4::Damn....that's what Pistons games have come to. It's kind of sad :(
sethbball20::Yeah
bob_ran4::Oh was this the one that Flo Rida was performing at?
sethbball20::A lot of Pistons fans, quite a few Boston fans, and I think all of them were ''Flo-rida'' fans lol
bob_ran4::Pistons fans? Or a combination?
torpid bunny::If there were 22000 there they must have all been standing silently in the upper deck.
torpid bunny::At least the celtics had the decency to drop the deuce in front a half empty palace. I say let's pretend this game never happened.
Sexy Rexy 20::celtics making excuses really sucks because they never do that
35gator::boston just sucks
torpid bunny::Right now yes. And maybe for the rest of the season. But it's hard to tell with an older team. Garnett and Bass being out isn't helping.
a_tizzy::let's pretend the 08 ECF never happened
rockndoc2::As the late Don Merideth sang.............................  "TURN OUT THE LIGHTS, THE PARTY'S OVER"
bamberg1977::Serge Ibaka just got a triple double with blocks and K. Durant is puttingon a show. Tight game with Denver.
20helenamaddawg::rondo is a baller
milw-jay::So..ummm.  why did Doc Rivers decide to comeback to coach the Celtics again?
Rik1822::Just because they are on the roster doesn't mean he HAS to play them as much as he does.  That little period where the C's were surging.... ironically was when the aging 3 were out or limited for various issues... they got healthy and reinstered into the lineup. BAM back to middling at best.
Zippppppp::Hard to coach a bunch of geriatrics, they're so set in their ways when they are that old
Bookiebreaker48::docs not horrible its the roster.....
green solution::Why did the Cs management choose Doc to come back? He's horrible.
Zippppppp::Wow Boston how many losses is this 6 of 7 or 5 of 6?? Plus it hasn't even been good teams that have been beating them, they really need to do something.
bob_ran4::This is really impressive. Congrats. Lawrence Frank was a really good choice.
t casey::We're having a good streak right now and he deserves credit, but I'm still not sold.
green solution::Frank&gt;Rivers
MansGame5313::Who would have thought right? He has done a damn good job
2524thomas::By this time 2morrow the New York Knicks will be in 2nd place and not looking back....Celtics are toast!!!!!!!!!!!!!lLOL
KingGeorge53::congrats to our Lake Erie neighbors!
35gator::U suck indian fan
Pavel0636::all i know C's are not winning tomorrow and dont know when they will be winning ever , trade is needed in a hurry or steroids !!
a_tizzy::Like if you think it's silly that there is still "Heat Index" as a main tab on NBA home, put that stuff on their team page like everyone elses
bamberg1977::Kevin Durant is sick.
sethbball20::I love the direction the Pistons are going as a franchise
bamberg1977::I really like Monroe, but he's not a max player and if we dont get another big next to him thats what we'll have to pay him.   He's not a presence defensively and I'm convinced thats 70% of a big mans true value is their defensive impact on a game. Definitely Duncans greatest and most overlooked skill was that he knew how to bother every shot without fouling.
a_tizzy::add serge ibaka to that list, i'd love to have him
bamberg1977::We need a big who can defend to compete for ships again. And they're hard to find. Especially since we're dropping to like 10th -12th in draft at this rate. may be even worse than that.
mccoywajmu::noah isnt in howards class but its you can find guys that have size how are good defenders and rebounders..noah varejao dalembert omer asik timofey mozgof chandler...the league isnt overflowing with them but they do exist..they are typically expensive though
a_tizzy::demarcus cousins
bamberg1977::How would you get one? They're worth every penny. They're hard to acquire.   Of the caliber I'm talking about, I can only think of like 2 off hand. Noah and Howard. At least who still have their youth. Soon to be Anthony Davis.
mccoywajmu::those type of bigs arent hard to find they are difficult to afford....
a_tizzy::don't look now but the pistons have won 7 of their last 9
shibboleth77::Do you really think the pistons will win 77% the rest of their games? I think they are getting better but it has been only 9 games. if you take the Celtics out of the equation the combined record of those teams that they beat (5 wins) are 48-100. hell if you include the Celtics the combined record of the teams they beat is still 78-110 so lets not put them in the playoffs yet.   And yes I am a pistons fan.
a_tizzy::No I don't think they'll win 77% of their games, but a man can dream...
Pavel0636::they are not that bad anymore but C's falling to them , where is the respect
a_tizzy::with half the season done their record is 11-22. If they continue this pace of winning 77% of their games that will add another 25 wins, giving them a 36-30 record... who knows really
Pavel0636::im a fan of boston but i have to say we suck , trade needed really rapido...
ispeakagainsthaters::pun intended
jumbolax76::we need rondo to get his head out of his bass...
Pavel0636::yeahh i mean we can still try to get d howard and willians from the nets and others from other teams that can scored but they dont know what they will do i mean we fall 2 times to detroit
Hank5117::I am as well...and I dont even watch the games anymore.  The excitement is over, losing David West to Indiana and Green to the health issue ruined any chance we had at a miracle run.
green solution::Well said. And Doc wouldn't have even known how to use Green effectively anyway. Doc only likes his pet (old) players.
SwaqqFest9::Yeah really unlucky.... :(. Man if all of that didn't happen we would be balling right about now going for a big run for banner number 18.
