J Mo::This was a weird game...  The Knicks didn't shoot that bad (44%) from the field, only committed 9 turnovers, but stunk it up at the line.  They only took 15 free throws and made 6?  Washington basically won this game at the free throw line, scoring 11 more points than NY.
Grace::Metta World, Bargnani and J.R. are all bad shot selection players...13 for 35 tonight...hard to beat anyone like that. Shumpert can't keep starting and averaging 5 points a night. Knicks backcourt is a mess...Woodson needs to find a proper rotation and stick with it. Stat looked impressive tonight!
jcice13::I love reading all the knick fans and their "knowledge" of the game..so little of what has been said is truly correct, it's partially right but not nearly close to reality, just bits and pieces here and there. it's not that they are wrong but they aren't right either because for every thing that has been pointed out, whether it's about MWP and what's been said or how it's the coaching staff to blame or melo, or a bad selection of shots, these are all facets but it all scratches the surface, needless to say it would take too damn long to explain and I am wayyyy to lazy to type it..also please remember I AM NOT putting anyone down or saying they are stupid or don't know basketball
RMP::It was clear watching the Knicks last season that when Melo shared the ball more, the team won more. Even with a better team last year, Melo still couldn't share the ball enough. This years team isn't as good, and they'll be even worse next season if Melo stays with no cap room, no 1st round pick, and Stat and Chandler another year older.  And Woodson? He caters to Melo and encourages all the Melo ISO plays and bad shot selection. Woodson had a chance, even if it was just a small chance, to coach Melo into becoming the player he should have become by the time he turned 26 or 27...A player who plays within himself, leads his team, shows confidence in his team, shares the ball, has good shot selection etc, etc. Melo is now knocking on 30 years of age and the window to coach Melo into being a true star is now gone.  Thee Knicks should look to tet rid of them both, ASAP...
Eduard::It may have been a mistake signing MWP. He almost fought one of his teammates in last night's game. Disbarring his skill level and defensive prowess on the court, the guy's a loose cannon. Looks like Knicks management didn't read the "caveat emptor" warning label attached to his shipment from LA.
Belicheat::I gave up, I cant defend the knicks anymore.  I just cant, this is just embarrassing.   Mike Woodson better start packing because Dolan is known for his trigger happy finger.
Commenter::The Knicks have no team chemistry and already lost
Brett::toronto on top of the atlantic division. the whole division should just give up and go into the off-season now!!!
Anthony::Stupid Knick, they released the good players to the other teams and keep the bad ones for their own team and that is why they have been losing game after game.
Josh::The Stupid Knicks fans aren't even coming out anymore.  Everyone saw this coming.  Only the delusional Knicks fans were too stupid to realize their team suk.  Bad owner, bad coach, bad players.
