Master Yodà::Angry last night Chad got. Showed up hours after the game ended he did. Couldn't take the heat (intended that pun was) he could not. Brought up stats from three years ago he did. A massive LOLOLOLOLOL I got. Still laughing I am.  Luck to the Magic I wish. Hope the Kings win I do. Surprised I will not be if they do not.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Yoda  - LOL i told you his jimmer alert was thru the roof. Somehow he can sense when people are talking about his mancrush jimmer, ( facts that is ) LOL you were hilarious yesterday. He should get his own team, and stick with them. Curious to know what he will say a few years from now, when the kings are a playoff team.
Pablo Young::TEACH ME HOW TO JIMMER
Master Yodà::Curious to see what he will say in a few years when Jimmer is retired (good luck to him though, Jimmer seems like a good guy).   Shut up, Pablo :)
GianFranco DeZola::WOW THE KINGS REALLY SUCK.... NO WONDER THEY WANT TO SALE THE TEAM....PATHETIC PERFORMANCE EVERY NIGHT....  THE MAGIC AND THE KINDS ... THE TWO MOST MEDIOCRE TEAMS IN THE NBA.....LOL
Ernest Bagdasaryan::did you just wake up ? kings were sold to vivek ranadive and will be in sac for the next 35 yrs.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Just for the fun of it, lets play a prediction game. 1. who wins the game. 2. whats the score.  3. whos the top player.   I predict kings win against magics, by 10 points. Demarcus Cousins ends up with 25 pts and 15 rbs.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Forgot the score, it will be something like 100-90.
Joshua Nix::Ernest Bagdasaryan as a magic fan I am offended by your perdiction. Gonna be 102-81 kings lmao
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Joshua Nix Lets face it buddy, kings and magic have similar wins, but they hung with the heat up till mid 3rd Quarter. Its just my prediction as a kings fan. Well revisit when the game is over lol.
Master Yodà::A fantastic player Isaiah Thomas is. Glad we have him I am.
Pablo Young::Hey Chad, You mad bro?
Ernest Bagdasaryan::LOL jimmer fell asleep mid air, and airballed, plus a stupid ugly pass turnover, all in 2 mins into the game.
Pablo Young::AIRBALL
Ernest Bagdasaryan::LOL did you see him try to guard that dunk, oh man this is painful to watch.
Pablo Young::He might wanna get that dick out of his mouth.
Matt Elmore::I see the Kings at 8-18, having just made that trade for Rudy Gay, and I'm just wondering as to wtf their organization is trying to do. They are not a playoff team, as they play zero defense and play in a deep Western Conference. They don't have too much cap flexibility due to Gay's hefty player option that kicks in next year (he'll opt in, as there's way too much money on the table not to). The Kings have effectively put themselves into the dreaded "no-man's land" of the NBA, where they're not good enough to make the playoffs but they're not bad enough to get a top draft pick, which is exactly what you do NOT want to do smh
Scott Rieger::Oladipo is going to be a good player for the Magic, but I still think they should've either scooped up Trey Burke or Michael Carter-Williams at #2 or traded back to get one of them.  Jameer Nelson has been a very good player for them but is on the tail end of his career and would be best suited coming off of the bench.  The Magic really needed a star PG to augment the young talent they have all every other position on the floor.
Matt Elmore::Na I believe you need to take the best available player when you're drafting in the top 5, and then you organize your roster in a just fashion. Oladipo is a future All-Defense team member and has great explosiveness and an improved perimeter game. What Orlando should do now is trade Afflalo at the deadline for a nice package of young players, and use their first rounder to get one of those prized players coming out next season. There's Exum, Smart, Andrew/Aaron Harrison. If they want to establish a dominant front court, they can either choose Randle or they can shift Vucevic to the 4 and draft Embiid. A lot of possibilities; they've set themselves up well
Scott Rieger::Matt Elmore That is certainly an option but they need to shed the contract of Big Baby as well.  Afflalo could help several contending teams and may bring a decent haul but they need to ensure they use the chance to shed bad contracts as well.  I agree that Oladipo should develop into a very nice player but I think MCW is also quite good defensively and may be on the same All-D teams that Oladipo is on and plays a premium position (PG), as does T. Burke.  Burke brings the leadership quality that is unmatched by any other rookie that came out this year.  I'm a Magic fan either way, just saying that it may have been a better way to go.
Matt Elmore::Scott Rieger eh I'm not sold on Burke as a guy with a whole lot of upside. MCW kinda came out of nowhere, but IMO Oladipo will be the best player out of this draft class. Thus, I'm not a proponent of filling needs when you have a top draft pick, because you run the risk of taking a lower quality player who may not pan out. Orlando is in a good spot though for sure. A nice core of Vucevic and Oladipo plus some nice players such as Harkless and Nicholson. You add a player like Marcus Smart to that mix, plus grab some nice pieces from an Afflalo deadline deal, and they'll start to make a run at the playoffs starting next season for sure
Dave Vachon::As a Raptors' fan, I can honestly say I like Rudy Gay as a person ... a helluva nice guy and totally straight up person. As as Raptors' fan, I can also say I hate Rudy Gay the basketball player. He thinks and shoots like he's Kobe Bryant. Note: He's not.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Well i dont know why he was shooting 40 percent at Toronto, maybe the cold weather. In Sacramento his a new player, averaging 18 ppg, while shooting 52.8 percent. ( 12.8 shots per game ) Maybe he had to take 20 shots in toronto for you guys to win.
Matt Elmore::Ernest Bagdasaryan no he did not need to shoot that much for them to win. The problem was that Lowry, DeRozan and Gay didn't involve the bigs inside and opted to take midrange jumper after midrange jumper
Bryan Montella::Ok Kings fans.  I am a Knicks fan and I have a question to ask you.  Would you trade JR Smith for Jimmer Fredette.  That way JR will be gone and Fredette can ride the pine in New York.  That was Timmy JR can get more minutes and light it up like his daddy.
Master Yodà::LOLL!!! A steal for us that would be. Take that we would. Take all of the annoying Jimmer fans you can! Heck, give them up for nothing we will!
Bryan Montella::Alright! Done deal.  Jimmer has nothing on Timmy JR.
Master Yodà::Enjoy the Jimmer fans you will have to.
Master Yodà::Appreciate I do the things accomplished at Norfolk State Kyle O'Quinn did. Embarrassed Missouri he did. Embarrassed already they were. Added the cherry on top Mr. O'Quinn did. A hero he is.
Justin Taslak::and once again, the "new look" King's can't play D. This Magic team should never have 54 points over a 20 minute span.
Jeffrey Nicholas::Nelson, Afflalo, Harris, Davis, and Vucevic are five very skilled offensive players. Harris is better offensively as a stretch four than he is at the 3, but that lineup can still put numbers on the board. Don't dismiss their strengths based on their record and defensive weakness. In a lot of ways the Magic are similar to the Kings.
Master Yodà::Good game to the Magic. Glad the Kings could pull this one out. Rudy and Isaiah really brought it tonight.
Master Yodà::Nine assists. Dang. He can really pass the ball! Not bad for a "ball hogging ace" huh?
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Yup, 1 shy of a double/double. I always hate seeing stats where the guy is 1 ast, or rebound short of a double or a triple.
Chad Wiggins::benjamin maclemore seems to have lost the  pep in his step after last night.. lol
Master Yodà::Probably spent too much time around Jimmer lol
Chad Wiggins::Master Yodà jimmer has never been left with that type of after taste.. even with the rotten taste that had to come from getting drafted by the kings. lol
Master Yodà::lol even yesterday after Heat players repeatedly blew by him for free dunks? lol
Master Yodà::That "pizza deliveryman ace" can really pass the ball, huh?
Ernest Bagdasaryan::How dare you compare the pizza guy to Jimmer, dont you know jimmer can be the next Great point guard... If he learned how to run faster, stay in front of defenders, actually play defense, not turn the ball over every minute his on the court, not get confused on pick and rolls, and give and goes. Not panic at slight chance of a double team, and learn to jump !
Scott Rieger::Hey...J.J. Redick learned all of that stuff and became a pretty good NBA baller.
Scott Smith::Ernest Bagdasaryan Hey Ernest exaggerate much?
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::i guess defence is non existent with sacramento
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Jimmer did it !
Drizzlez Wang::Keep Thornton as part of your rotation, trust me.
Samit Jain::kings are worst team in nba... lose to everyone
Master Yodà::Only down by 2 we are. Win this we can. Hope this I do.
Dan Kast::LOL Gordon hayward bricks
Patrick Tvrdy::D Cousins please go off
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Wait till 2nd half, he has been on fire 3-4 Q.
Master Yodà::Thankful for Rudy I am.
Clay Hounshell::is oladipo hurt?
Ernest Bagdasaryan::I bet cleveland is kicking themselves right now, for not going after Oladipo, Mclemore, micheal carter williams, trey burke, plus others.
John Jones::First! Orlando wins at home
Ernest Bagdasaryan::John Jones - Don't be so sure, Neither of teams seem like they want to fight to even get close to 8th seed. I have a feeling by the end of the year. Both of this teams strategy will switch to tanking rather then winning.
