Brandon Johnson::Jazz 0-7 on the road, Mavs 6-0 at home. As a Mavs fan I hate how this is setting up.
Kenny Sterrett::This Jazz team is tough to watch. They have enough talent to at least stay competitive, but they are getting blown out in nearly every game. To me, it's either a conspiracy to tank, lousy coaching by a mediocre head coach, or a mixture of both. Either way, I don't see how the players are getting better. What positive things can be learned in that environment?
Trevor I-Excel Gunn::7-0 at home after this one. I was very pleased with the fight in this team against Houston. The crowd played a huge part in that. I really hope to get out to Texas on day to see a game in AAC. 3rd highest scoring team and we are still not at 100%. Can't wait until the team is healthy. #GOMavs
D'Andrae Wiggins::Let's go Mavs, don't play down to your opponent.  Play that high tempo, high energy bball and don't let up! MFFL
Tim Croom::A big win against Houston last night! The Mavs had a great 4th quarter. This team is only getting better. Go Mavericks!
Sportsbettingstar.com::The Dallas Mavericks are undefeated at home and the Utah Jazz are winless on the road as the two squads meet in Dallas on Friday. The Mavericks have opened a season with six consecutive home wins for the first time since the 2007-08 campaign and the success has helped springboard Dallas to a strong 8-4 start. Utah is 0-7 on the road, with five of the losses coming by double digits, and has the worst record in the NBA. The Dallas duo of Dirk Nowitzki and Monta Ellis has been thriving and the two combined for 72 points in Wednesday’s 123-120 victory over the Houston Rockets. Ellis scored a season-best 37 points and Nowitzki also had a season-best with 35 points in the latest example of the two meshing as teammates. The Jazz fell to New Orleans on Wednesday in the opener of a three-game trip that concludes Sunday in Oklahoma City. The Mavs roll all over this joke Jazz team
Lesle Busenbark::The Milkman Tyrone Corbin has gotta GO, the frigen bench scored just as many points as the Starters and in half the Min.s and 2 guys didn't miss a shot 10 for 10 . Ya gotta go with the hot hand, The Jazz are not great but I think anyone reading this could do a better coaching job. His decision's are Baffaling. Unless they are trying to get the #1pick next year.Fire Him ASAP
Lesle Busenbark::Please Greg Miller, Fire everyone that has do with Corbin's inercircle before he stunts the growth of Favors and the rest of the young players with Talent and Lucas III with him
Brandon Tigues::well at least they're going to get a franchise player in next years draft, so there's a positive outcome for this season
Kenny Sterrett::Hayward still hasn't shot after almost 9 minutes. Seems like he's remembering the other night too well.
Pablo Juarez::Haywards first shot attempt: Airball. Ouch.
Kenny Sterrett::OUch, an air ball with the clock winding down. Why doesn't he try to get an easy shot to start?
Pablo Juarez::No idea. He should be more aggressive.
Logan Scisco::I've been a Jazz fan since the 1991-1992 season, but I don't know how much more I can take of this team's awful play.
Alex Powers::Shane Larkin in! He's looking good already this season (as in his first 2 games)
Josh Jordan::9-4
Rolando Mercado::honestly, the biggest contribution to the mavericks early success is blair and dalembert being so productive at center. they are combining for 15 points 15 boards 3 steals 2 blocks while shooting 55%. dallas has no problems scoring, but dalambert, blair, and marion are the ones providing enough defense to make that scoring ability count.
Logan Scisco::Jazz are by far the worst team in the NBA this season.  When your primary scorer went 1-17 last game that's pretty obvious.  Hopefully Burke can give some energy to this team in some way because these games have been painful to watch right now.
Daniel Hall::Looking at all the stats I couldn't understand how the Jazz lost so bad, and then I saw the free throw stats.... Mavs had 15 more trips to the line. Refs may have been a little biased....
Remy MacDonald::they were just more aggresive. you're just mad that the jazz are 1-13
Kevin Walker::lol the jazz are 1-13 and you think the refs did you in?
Kenny Sterrett::Daniel Hall's comment is a prevalent sign of they typical Jazz fan's blametherefsatallcosts disease. It's always a conspiracy to them, and it embarrasses me to be Jazz fan to hear the constant whining.
Daniel Hall::I don't understand all you Jazz fans complaining. I'm loving this. Jabari, Andrew, Marcus, or Julius.... well worth the pain in my opinion.
Dave Green::The ones who are complaining don't understand how to rebuild. The Jazz won't get superstars in free agency so they have to go with a young roster to struggle for a year to get a top pick in a great draft class. Even though they are losing, the playing time is good for the young guys to get better for the future. The pain will be worth it.
Wola Odeniran::Dave Green I agree. As a Jazz fan this has to happen. Let dumb Mavericks fans laugh now because in 3 three years they will be in the same position the Jazz are in right now.
Daniel Hall::You just showed your intelligence (or lack thereof) by comparing Anthony freaking Bennet to any of the top 4 in the upcoming draft.
Jolene Murphy Campbell::There seem to be two kinds of teams in the NBA this year.  Those trying to make a legit run and those working hard on a lottery pick.  The Jazz are winning at the latter.
Kenny Sterrett::Aside from possibly the Bucks, the Jazz are clearly in a league of their own when it comes to being horrible this year.--even Sacto has won four games this year. They are last in points per game, last in points per 100 possessions, and towards the bottom of points allowed. I'm not sure too many people expected the Knicks to be this bad, and the Nets are completely a surprise.  Supposed tankers like Phoenix and Philly are actually not as bad as expected (amazing what good coaching can do).  I think the Jazz are more than "winning at the latter." They are running away with the prize!
Bronya Vogel::Not a Mavs fan, but thought I would say. That the Mavs will be glad they didn't not sign D-Will. He has no durability,  already hurt again. He will not play a full season for the rest of his career. Mavs got the better deal by not getting that deal.
Terry Lewis::yeah I was thinking that as well.  He is always hurt and signing him would have set Dallas back a few years.
Kenny Sterrett::Hey disgruntled Jazz fans. Support this site!!   Fire Coach Ty Corbin
Crowdcapper.com::Come over and talk about the game for free at the first ever social capping site.! Look above at name for the website.
Kenny Sterrett::Pretty sad state of affairs when the Jazz are "in a game" by cutting a deficit by 14 points.
Pavel Knutsen::Like really. What's going on in this game?
Kenny Sterrett::Pavel Knutsen, no sé!
Pavel Knutsen::I think I might cry if my Mavs lose this game.
Randy Myers::real effort there utah you should all be benched and not allowed to cash next check
Pablo Juarez::I feel bad for the Jazz. This game isn't even fair. haha GO MAVS!
Dave Green::#Riggin4Wiggins  #Sorry4Jabari  #Dismantle4Randle
Tyler Guest::#Fart4Smart
Fjodor Balla::#JazzSuckAndWillAlwaysSuck :D
Weston Newton::#Losebecauseyousucknotbecauseyouwantmorelotteryballs
