1PKr::Duncan and Kobe, defying age. Amazing.
2PacAmaru1::Kobe shot 12-18, str8 BALLIN!  Oh no one cares about their record until AFTER the All-Star break!  Lakers will be playing well into June so we will take it easy until AFTER the All-Star break!
YearOfTheSpur::What happened to that big ear goofy looking guy? I think his name is Slam_Dunk_On_You or something like that? I think he's hiding lol
skeetuhz::so...howd tim duncans children taste, dwight and pau? salty?
joah5454_3::Lol Gasol? Doesn't matter if Kobe was well-defended. You give the ball to him at all costs. Kobe shooting with a hand in his face is better than Gasol jacking up a 3 with 4 seconds left
arrogantespncommenter9::I'm afraid "panic" will be the theme of this Lakers season.
godhatesflags::Regardless, it was a good game and good step in the right direction, good to see Kobe ballin so well, dude is incredible.
DalvinSplit::What is Lakers pay roll ??
airtaz::Hey, who's that guy wearing D. Howard's jersey?
polobaby37::lol!......KOBE is STILL....surrounded BY guys that CAN'T shoot!(decent maybe 1 out of every "8" games)
DaveHIII::I'll say it again last night no Nash no new coach and Lakers lose by two to a team who will probably finish with the best record in the league. Those naysayers who are blabbering now will be singing a different tune in June remember it's all about match-ups and seedings. So take your shots now #LakerNation will be stronger and ready to contend by then.
watsontom77::Spurs shot 38% and still one. Keep dreaming of June though.
DalvinSplit::Yes they are that good !!
godhatesflags::*WON, but keep dreaming of spelling though.
EL POLLO LOCO RISES::Remember when the Lakers were a good team? Me neither.
lakers will be 2013 champs::they are a good team now, in the 2012 season, 2011, 2009, 2008, 2004, 2003, 2002 and so on.
earlealston::AND they were good in 199-....nevermind.
FTLakerFan::Give the spurs credit, they won, on the road, they have the best coach in the game, the best system, and superstars who play their $@% off, give credit where credit is due
goldiego32::shoulda woulda aint no gooda.
lakers will be 2013 champs::still, the lakers should have won.
DalvinSplit::Hmmm ....What ......Why ???
Ustna5::Clippers beat them by 22 and they had a healthy Manu... Surely you aren't suggesting that Del Negro is a better coach than the Pop, right???  Lol
DalvinSplit::Yeaaa.....Clips beat Spurs by 22 and what is your point !?? a guess  every team can have bad day. Also Clips will be in San Antonio within couple days.Will be very intresting
Emcee.Random.Ichiban::Since when is Manu healthy and getting 30 min/gm???
Demoted::MWP had 14 shot attemtps &amp; dwight only had 9...
lakers will be 2013 champs::why did gasol take the last shot? lakers+ a healthy steve nash&gt; spurs dwight should have gotten a call but instead tony parker made a layup on the other end of the floor.  if you take all that in, the lakers would have won but still great game spurs. thanks for proving that we can challenge an elite team.
dom3983::true. they are looking better compared to geting blown out when they were under Brown. Plenty of time.
DalvinSplit::So Spurs are ELITE team .......now we talking !!
Ustna5::CD's  Landline telephones  Boyz II Men  Los Angeles Lakers    All things that were good at one point...
dom3983::People still use CD's in the car while driving, actually they are still well alive and good to use to play and burn music or more importantly used int he work place to burn files and send or even back up files.CDs are still a great marketing tool. a lot of homes still have landlines telephones and incase of a disaster like an earthquake they will be working to contact peopel while cells wont be.   Boyz II Men still toured and sold out their venues the past few years and will again this year.   lol. just wanted to state facts and the lakers still have plenty of time to right the ship. lets wait till january/february to make a more valid evaluation.
robdiaz2191::both teams royally sucked, somebody had to win lol
gmskking::Gonna be a loooong season for the Lakers I am afraid.
numb1lakefanespn::green would of never sinked that 3 if i was watching the game.i promise you
DalvinSplit::HAHHAHAHHHAAAAA ..HAHA
15steele15::sinked or sunk...and wouldn't have even mattered if they didn't count Kobe's 3 which his foot was on the line
DaveHIII::And Howard can get 20 rebs and 20 points in his sleep this talk at this point is so cheap all you naysayers can buy a ticket back onto the bandwagon later in the season right now your pathetic and too busy listening to those(ESPN &amp; others) that get paid to stir you up to realize even they don't know what will happen next week C'mon mannnnnnnnnn
oneandonlybabe::you lost me after 'I'm a Skip fan' Is that even possible?
Eg214::Howard Is Immature too so #1 Fails
Takushiba Chan::4 years in the league?
Eg214::More like 6?
numb1lakefanespn::d'antoni on a molly = lakeshow
ZinBayArea::Good point, I'm not great at basketball so Lakers will probably win the title...  Sounds logical!
Eg214::I am a basketball player do does my opinion does count according to u? And I say Lakers Are not Wining A title this year the heat didnt win it their 1st year either
Frank J Smith::So Lakers lose to one of the best teams in NBA by 2 pts, when the spurs had an off night, and you guys are crowning them champions. If thats the case my vote goes to the Memphis Grizzlies cuz the beat the Miami Heat by 18 pts the other night. 1 game doesnt make any team a champion dumbasses.
dom3983::Injuries is thing that will kill this team this year. If they are relatively healthy and played together for a good portion going into the playoffs they can beat anyone. they look to be meshing better and better on offense in each game. the playoffs they can go to a short rotation as most teams do. theres no back to backs so fatigue wont hurt their age much. they have guys like hill and morris that are nice energy guys off the bench. you dont need a deep bench to win it all, you shouldnt have to go 10 deep in the playoffs.
davidhvaughn::Wait, WHO held the Spurs to under 80 points?
davidhvaughn::Who held the Spurs to under 80?
oneandonlybabe::I think he meant 90??
LakersAtSonics1995::Wait a minute.....
oneandonlybabe::I just have to shake my head and tell you when it comes to D'Antoni for your own good proceed with caution. I don''t think anyone is saying there isn't talent on the Lakers. The problems are age, injuries, terrible bench, players not meshing, defensive deficiencies, etc. A coach like MikeD is not going to help with those.
oneandonlybabe::Really? Ok it should become crystal clear once D'Antoni takes over.
LakersAtSonics1995::Well everyone is still freaking out about defensive deficiencies but I sure haven't seen it
oneandonlybabe::Because they are talented yet they still lost.
LakersAtSonics1995::They just held the SPURS to under 80 points...
Go Google it::Three trolls walk into a bar......
ZinBayArea::sleepy, dopey and drunky?
numb1lakefanespn::d'antoni = neo on blue and red pill
1983johaun::but i think they still champioship contenders and did u notice how quiet la crowd was i was like they is disappointing iam a die hard lakers fans but the crowd was dead as every it was no enegy laker would have proably won by 5 + points but the crowd wasnt even saying lets go lakers lets go come on lakersnation we need to get more louder
dom3983::Lakers are championship material still due to have the best big man in the league who is the best defender at that position. always one of the best rebounding teams and have guys that can hit big shots at the end of the game. those things help keep championship hopes alive.
davidhvaughn::Oh, nobody is saying the Lakers don't have talent.  Well, no serious fan of basketball is saying they don't have talent.  But look at them, they aren't the best team in the league this year.  They just aren't.  Realistically speaking, they aren't even the best team in their arena this year.  What the Lakers have going for them is history.  They are the New York Yankees of the NBA.  When the LA Lakers come to town or (enter team here) goes to play at LA, there is an intimidation factor.  That intimidation factor is real and earns them an average of 8 points a night.  BUT they aren't as good as they probably ought to be for a lot of reasons.  Bringing in Mike D'Antoni isn't going to help at all.  It really isn't.  Sorry, Lakers fans.  He is an offensive minded guy who will help your team score a lot of points.  Unfortunately, in his system, defense WON'T take care of itself because there is neither room, time, nor energy to.  His system relies SLOELY on winning by putting a whole crap load of points on the board.  No defense.  That's why he's never won a championship, even with some of the VERY good teams he has had; teams better than this one, more athletic than this one, younger than this one, with benches better than this one.  Something to keep in mind about only losing by 2 to this SA team: 6 players on the roster had the flu.  Not exactly ideal.  They had no energy.  The only players producing anything were the ones not sick.  I think therre will be a jolt when D'Antonio comes on but I also believe that it will wear off and the Lakers will make the playoffs when all is said and done, but not much more.
witelightnin::hahahaha, the Spurs are the best NBA team?  Just like last year when they didn't even make it to the NBA Finals huh.  Now let's here the "that was last year!" comments.  Guess what, only thing different about this year is that they are older.  Duncan's playing great now, let's see how he looks after a full season of wear and tear.  Spurs are probably 4th-5th best team in NBA at MOST.
davidhvaughn::Question for you, and I'm not asking to be a jerk, I'm asking as a general basketball fan: What have you seen from this team that indicates they are championship material?  I have looked, and they have a couple of good, no longer great, players, a couple of good but declining players, a couple decent players, and several players just picking up checks.  Combine that with a coaching staff in flux plus the new coach coming in being a defensive idiot and I just don't see it.  I hear a lot of Lakers fans saying they're going to end the season on a 90-game win streak (remaining 74+16 playoff) and win every game by 35-points.  I just don't see it.  I, honestly, see LAL as a 5- or 6-seed winning a couple playoff games but not much more.
jbo101::Funny to hear comments like if mike brown was coaching they would have lost by 20....do you guys mean a team with kobe, gasol and howard would only score 62 points? OR are you guys admitting that kobe howard and gasol PURPOSELY weren't playing D to get Mike Brown fired, which to me is obvious and why most people don't like kobe and howard, 2 snakes who pretend things are okay when they really aren't.. well karma is a B so get ready for the demise of the overrated lakers..hahaha
dom3983::i believe the team wasnt putting full effort under brown, showing they diddnt believe in him or tuned him out. we have seen teams in every sport do that when it was obvious the coach was a huge problem.   theres a lot of athletes that people dont like such as kobe, lebron, arod and plenty more and guess what they have rings.
jbo101::And to top it off a snake like the new coach they hired is a perfect fit
Rezo201::Isn't it a bad thing when a head coach is shocked he got the job? Am I the only one that realizes that says more than enough that it wasn't a good idea?
dawgfood1980::What do you think he should of said?    "No way, I'm not surprised I'm much better than Phil Jackson!!!"....   yeah that would go over well.  He was trying to disarm the situation and he did a pretty good job of it all considered.
davidhvaughn::You know, when they interview multiple candidates for a job, they usually have a pretty good idea who's going to get the gig.  The fact that BOTH candidates were surprised D'Antoni got it says a whole lot.
oneandonlybabe::LOL you have a point there. I'll tell you something as a Knicks fan, the dude is not the greatest coach (really doesn't know what 'defense' means) but he's a nice guy so I guess he was just being honest and candid.
numb1lakefanespn::im fully responsible for bringing d'antoni aboard as head coach. For some reason i feel so close to him like hes the one " JET LI
The Jennings 3::Good thing Kobe's such a clutch defender or the Spurs never would have had a chance at the end.
scottpilgrim33::Lakers 0-3 when playing actual teams at home.
LeeFortier::Lakers had a huge turn over in personnel and systems, still not playing a full team with Nash out and yet they lose to the Spurs on a last second 3 while the Spurs had no turn over, no system change, no coaching change and have the best record...I see many good thing ahead for thr Lakers,,,be afraid..be very afraid
davidhvaughn::Yes, we will.  And whether they win or lose, it will be fun to watch.
LeeFortier::We shall see David,,,we shall see
davidhvaughn::I truly believe that this team as constituted has no business even being mentioned in the same conversation as teams in the championship hunt.  I really believe that.  Having said that, as you say, every team, even the Lakers, are entitled to a lean year or two.  But the case can be much more easily and realistically made as to why this Laker team will not win than why they will.  I'm all about supporting your favorite team, but you also have to be realistic.  As an aside, I think, just like you, that the Laker organization is capable of putting together a championship team every single year.  But capability and execution are not the same thing and, unfortuantely, this is not an execution year.
LeeFortier::Time will tell. I will continue to believe that the Lakers have a top notch organization and will be in the  hunt each year, There have been a few lean years, but very few as compared to other organizations. I remember some of the teams the Suns had and the problems in dealing with them. I feel that this cast is superior to that cast and look forward to a very exciting year. If you truy belive that this team and organization is not capable of challenging for the championship then I think we know who is delusional and has stopped taking their meds.
davidhvaughn::Why would I hope to be as lucky?  I'm a fan and a student of basketball.  I have no problem admitting that 30 years ago the Lakers were amazing.  I also have no problem admitting that the Lakers are an amazing organization.  But I think it's a bit naive to think that the hiring of a rather average overall coach is going to change much of anything.  So what?  Instead of losing 84-82 to San Antonio at home the Lakers are going to lose 144-142 on the road to Charlotte.  Nothing changes with this hire.  Mike Brown, a defense-minded coach was trying to run the Princeton offense.  Anyone with the basketball IQ of a Down's Syndrome patient could have told you that wasn't going to work.  So you replace him with a coach who runs "The System" but couldn't defend an air hockey goal if he was sitting on the table.  What do you get?  A whole lot of points but not much else.  The Lakers will be decent.  They'll probably make the playoffs.  But if you seriously expect them to make a championship run this year you need to start taking your meds again because your delusions are taking over your sensibility
LeeFortier::Its nice to have a dream...keep yours alive as long as possible, however, seeing as the Lakers have been in the Championship game more than any team over the last 40 years and won more than any team in the last forty years I understand your hopes and dreams for a demise....if a team had kicked my butt for the last forty years I guess I might hope for a change as well. Since I have always loved the Lakers I can only imagine what it must be like. I do remember the Celtics of the 60s when my favorite player was Jerry West, but pain does diminish in time..perhaps in another 40 years you can be as lucky.
davidhvaughn::I see a lot of good things ahead for the Lakers too.  Things like extra time on the beautiful California coast when they would normally be playing ball, things like hitting the free-agent market earlier than normal because when they would normally be playing ball, things like enjoying their Hollywood mansions a little more when they would normally be playing ball, things like extended vacations with their families when they would normally be playing ball, things like ski resort vacations in Colorado when they would normally...ooh...too soon?
June 24th Is Kobe Bryant Day::Too bad many of the fans in that broke @ss state, California, are losing their homes and getting IOU's instead of welfare.  Where as Texas is thriving financially and was named the top state for business, yet again.
ZinBayArea::The Lakers are absolutely unbeatable at home, at least 50% of the time...
scottpilgrim33::lol only when they play bottom feeders.
dom3983::2-1 after the Brown fire isnt bad. i would throw out the first 5 games as they were not in tune with the coach. this board is totally different if things bounced more the lakers way the last minute rather than for the spurs. lakers barely lost at home to a good team. if this was Brown coaching the lakers would had lost by 20. The spurs are a offensive team now and the lakers held them to only 84. the defense is slowly coming together which is a good sign. nothing but positives that i see in the past 3 games. not worried about the record as its very early. if the lakers go on a nice streak of even 15-5 in the next 20 they will be 18-10 and be well in the mix for top seed as the season gets close to the half way mark. way too early to panic.
numb1lakefanespn::2-1 under bernie AINT bad
ZinBayArea::Keep 'throwing games out', that will help.  Like last year's playoffs, the pre-season, first five games of this year...
dom3983::Funny all those games you mentioned were when Brown was the head coach. It was obvious the lakers were doomed once they hired him. now we will have to see how life after him works out. at least give the new coach a chance to see how it works out and not just assume it will be the same. if the lakers are still having issues and the season is a failure then i will agree the lakers have huge problems that go past coachign.
scottpilgrim33::"Man if only I was good, Then maybe I wouldn't be 4 games out of 1st place in the West. *sigh* How did Jordan do it"  Kobe
WeAreTheMenInBlack::Lakers are GREEN with envy at the Spurs' record.  SPURS &gt; LAKERS  Deal with it.
oneandonlybabe::well everybody could be since it's the best for now. Not that surprising though, I think friends and foes alike (I'm pretty much indifferent) know the Spurs are solid
dom3983::Lakers had this game, but the ball didnt bounce their way when Splitter just threw it up behind the backboard and Metta's wide open three didnt go in. Good play call by Pop to go with a nice screen by Duncan to free up Green. Im not too worried about the Spurs yet, because they do this every year lately. Great in the regular season and come up short in the playoffs. the lakers are slowly meshing well.
ZinBayArea::The Lakers should be worried about any decent team around these days.
numb1lakefanespn::Sit back and watch d'antoni work his magic as he will shock all of you disbelievers aka "miami heat lakers bandwagoners "
davidhvaughn::Exactly what I was thinking.  Get ready to watch the Lakers lose a lot of 144-142 games
oneandonlybabe::LOL If D'Antoni works 'his magic' on the Lakers, they're doomed.
R.I.PDHoward666::The Pressure will get to this team and D'antoni. Phil was a master with the Front office players and Media. L.A Mediaq will kill him if they continue losing.
R.I.PDHoward666::My fellow Laker fans are delusional. In my wildest dreams I would never ever select D'antoni Case closed. I can care less if  he worked with nash so did Don Nelson. Neither has won anything.
Dezagcoog::I love that when it comes to the Lakers, the Spurs "inch" past them. But when the Heat(defending champs) barely beat the Rockets the headline was akin to "Lebron Goes of and crushes Rockets" LOLOL Unbiased ESPN for ya!!
MiamiViceMiami::Put Jack Nicholson as a coach, or shooter, perhaps they will win some games   the joker
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::It's not completely hopeless, at least the Lakers can still beat the scrubs.
CJ From San Andreas 2013::"Sorry Vanessa but all this losing drives my black mamba crazy. Now assume the position."  -Kobe
JunoContinuestoSHAMEHerself::82 points and a LOSS!!!!! HAHAHAHHA FAKERS are FUNNY
Texicano10::who's messing with the mexican in here
zq2000@hotmail.com::"We are Lakers haters, ..... And we...ain't...got...no...life..."  - El Pollo Loco Rises sings while standing next to his Taco stand waiting for customer in a dark cold raining night
CJ From San Andreas 2013::This is him right here.  http://www.google.com/imgres?q=taco+stand&amp;um=1&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=N&amp;tbo=d&amp;biw=1236&amp;bih=668&amp;tbm=isch&amp;tbnid=L51HCRdVMIZORM:&amp;imgrefurl=http://www.scotrick.com/wordpress/category/restaurant-review/&amp;docid=RQC6unOs-jB3JM&amp;imgurl=http://www.scotrick.com/assets/the_taco_stand1.jpg&amp;w=400&amp;h=315&amp;ei=hNyjUNPLBozV0gGtyYHgCQ&amp;zoom=1&amp;iact=hc&amp;vpx=4&amp;vpy=288&amp;dur=439&amp;hovh=199&amp;hovw=253&amp;tx=130&amp;ty=83&amp;sig=115719776631765816563&amp;page=1&amp;tbnh=137&amp;tbnw=179&amp;start=0&amp;ndsp=18&amp;ved=1t:429,r:0,s:0,i:106
Ustna5::0/10
TheSportsAthority::At best 51-31, 2nd round playoff exit.
davidhvaughn::Well, yes, but the Knicks are on pace to go 82-0 but...I think 48-34 is more realistic for both
Ustna5::They are on pace for 31-51
CJ From San Andreas 2013::New Grand Theft Auto 5 Trailer  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vzue74y7A84&amp;feature=plcp
numb1lakefanespn::we will make a few trades i predict metta getting traded along with a few bench players
Sonic_Sooner::Faker Fan's ability to envision lopsided trades to bail them out of their HORRIBLE, overpaid roster never ceases to amaze and entertain.  NO ONE would trade for Ron Artest with that attitude and contract of his!  The man should be in JAIL!
witelightnin::Artest is a thug dbag who is in the DECLINE of his career.  Anyone who thinks otherwise shows their "mastery of denial...and total lack of an eye for talent."
davidhvaughn::You don't think SA has ANYTHING they could trade for Artest?  Wow, your mastery of denial is impressive as well as your total lack of an eye for talent.  By the way, I'm not a Laker fan
davidhvaughn::I predict Ron World Artest Metta Peace ends up in San Antonio.  Pop has a way of fixing those type of personalities, they need a player with his size and skill set, and Stephen Jackson and Ron Artest don't have any kind of history when playing together.  (Yes, I know.  It's called sarcasm).  But, I do see the Spurs seriously making a move for him
MiamiViceMiami::"we"  sounds like a lot of people!
numb1lakefanespn::yes somebody will pick him up this year
June 24th Is Kobe Bryant Day::Nobody would trade for that trash.
