Martin Thomas::How many points did the THUNDER score off of CURRY'S turnovers last night?  7 Turnovers is unacceptable!  That is a game changer.  The DUBS need to hit the FREE THROWS too.  The WARRIORS barely shot over 50% from the line.  The good news...the bench scored 33 points, 11 more then their league low average of 22.
Okala Oduigwe::Jordan Crawford is a very good fit for the warriors. Very productive.
Phillip Paradiso::nice win GS
Will Bernanke::The Pelicans problem is clearly the coach,  they have a lot of talent but who in the world would listen to Monty Williams,  he was a lousy scrub player so these guys must tune him out and laugh at him behind his back,  they must bring in an established coach who has some credibility so this team can grow.  The NBA is all about coaches who players respect
Tommy T-tone::You could say the same about Spoelstra. He didn't come close to playing in the NBA, like Williams did. And Williams was a great college player. Certainly wasn't 'lousy' in the NBA. He had a heart condition that was a key reason he never got a lot of minutes per game. Per 36 min. a game, he avgd. 13 & 6 a game.
Bmonster McCarthy::You'd probably also say the same about K.C. Jones. Btw, wasn't Isiah Thomas an amazing player?! How did he work out as an NBA coach?
William Spencer::What? Being a coach has nothing to do with being a good player... Phil Jackson had like 7 points a game for his whole career
Anthony Thomas::I like the warriors but their overrated and have a serious learning curve to over come its a shame ESPN puts some much pressure on up and coming teams and makes them more than what they seem, trust me it will be another 2 years until it clicks with these guy's.........But when it does watch out for GS
Jo Carter::Can't get past Bogut on the inside, just blocks everything near him..........3 blocks within the space of a minute in the last two mins of the final quarter is big time D and that is the value Bogut has to the Dubs, they don't need him to score with all the offensive talent the team has
Will Bernanke::another stellar offensive 2nd half for the pelicans against a BAD defensive team that played last night!!!  When will this cesspool of an organization get rid of this fool of a coach?
Wayne Polk::Will Bernanke do some research. The Warriors aren't a bad defensive team. They're 5th in opponent's fg% and they're 12th in points allowed.
Wayne Polk::http://www.teamrankings.com/nba/stat/opponent-shooting-pct
Mark Bracamonte::Yeah what rock are you living under Bernake... Warriors have been a good defensive team all year. try again.
Tony Jones Photos::Harrison Barnes should stop everything he's working on right now, and focus his efforts from here on out on defending Kevin Durant.
Will Bernanke::9 points in 10 mins for New Orleans,  this is the 8th time this year they have had a 4th quarter where they went through a drought like this,  i wonder why?
Bmonster McCarthy::Wtf is with these highlights?! Davis scores 31 and they show ONE basket?
Brian Wozny::Anthony Davis is a beast, 21 pts 7 boards and a block before halftime? I love watching this guy play
Will Bernanke::too bad they have a moron for a coach
Jared Keen::I think hes an improved Aldridge. If he stays consistent with his numbers he will be number 1 or 2 PF in the league next year. Depending on how Loves game improves is the only thing holding him back (loves def is much improved this season, still only barely average but if he gets above average I think he will still be the number 1 PF). Hes clearly the best def 4 though. Although he is a combo 4/5 like Aldridge so even in centers I would rate him top 5 now.
Brett Reid::warriors are soo epically over rated.. they can't even handle an injury ravaged N.O
Sawyer Fletcher::We just did, sorry :)
Wayne Polk::They're on the back end of a b2b and played an emotionally charged game last night. Hater!
Elibol Erén::No doubt about to W(in) for Warriors. GO WARRIORS!
Eric Robinson::Leg go warriors
John Monistere::Go pelicans
Michael Beebe::WARRIORS SUCK B.
