timh651::Grant Hill is Old Enough to Be Your Grandfather - http://www.WolveSwag.com
bradonlywins::what u kno bout nashhh i kno all about nashhhh
Shauniqua4759::http://c0.echoenabled.com/images/smileys/emoticon_smile.png
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::go suns!
Meet-The-Forkers::Hey Jabba! Signed, Gorilla.
Recommended News Story::http://www.rnsnbc.com/news/latest_headlines/limo/
h0mo wolves cat trolls are butt pirates::thank you suns for beating the grizz now the nuggets can beat up on them
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::grow up troll
PhxSunsOwn13::We rollin :)
PadresChargersClippers::Congrats to the suns on getting back into the playoff picture. (almost)
TheFunkrush::I wish Gentry would play Childress more. He would really help the team.
doggtoyork::hahahaa thunder turned down harden and ibaka for dwight WE'RE SOO LUCKY THEY DECLINED THEY COULD HAVE BEEN GOOD http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
doggtoyork::magic offered it
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::they didnt turn it down Magic never would accept that junk
OptimusPrime4.0::Heat down 5 with .46 seconds to play didnt give up they made a comeback and won that game in overtime... Grizzlies down 7 with a minute and half to play gave up and stopped trying which in turn made them lose.... They should take notes from the best
timetodienow123::Do Grizz fans trust their coach?
rolltideroll2010::Yea, but he makes some dumb decisions sometimes. Like playing pondexter over speights at PF, it makes no sense.
gotigersmemphis87::Yes. Look what hes done
timetodienow123::He didn't foul. That seemed wrong to me. But I don't know as much about basketball as he does.
OptimusPrime4.0::After tonights loss i hope the Grizzlies dont make the playoffs
Titans Yemen::Trollz !!
gotigersmemphis87::Hater
timetodienow123::The Grizz are now in 5th in the West.
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::and Dallas about to be 8th GSW killing them
rolltideroll2010::Im dissapointed in that loss. I can't wait for Randolph to come back, we got killed on the boards. It looks like we weren't trying at all to win. The grizzlies just got out played by a hungry Phoenix team
rolltideroll2010::Go tigers at least im not negative about them tigers. They on a roll. I'm just disspointed because the grizzlies don't play as good as they can
rolltideroll2010::Yea we do need a better coach. I wish we had a coach that chewed their $@% out more cause they hardly ever play to their potential. Idk why he didnt put speights back into the game cause they were killing us on the boards. Then he went small for the 4th quarter.
gotigersmemphis87::Come on man. Grizz dont need negative fans. Go cheer for the hornets or someone else
OptimusPrime4.0::I have a right to be critical of the team if i want&gt;&gt;&gt; shut the funk up and mind your business
OptimusPrime4.0::They werent trying at all&gt;. their coach hollins looked like he was more interested in having conversation with the fans than coaching the damn game... what a piece of crap
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::Remember: Sports junkies rule and news hounds suck.
OptimusPrime4.0::UNC KENTUCKY PARLAY TOMORROW TIME TO MAKE UP FOR MOST THE MONEY I LOST THIS GAME
rickyoil::TALK ABOUT SQUARE
j2009w::Who doesn't love Steve Nash?
rickyoil::BASEBALL BANNED PETE ROSE YET NBA ALLOWS PLAYERS,REFS FIX GAMES EVERYDAY
rickyoil::I WAS ON THE RIGHT SIDE A33 WRONG SIDE OF FIX
supe540::Why bet or watch then.  You an idiot?
OptimusPrime4.0::It is what it is man... Dont bet on NBA games if you cant deal with that aspect of the game
OptimusPrime4.0::I hate when you can tell a team isnt trying their best to win.. Memphis is a prime example of that
Ms Seana::They used to say that about the Suns. Looks like that porous defense everyone gleefully talked about appears to be not so porous anymore.
supe540::Why is that?  Lazy?
gotigersmemphis87::Yeah they're lazy. Thats why they are only 4th in the west instead of 1st
gotigersmemphis87::Yeah Im sure they dont care about their playoff seeding. They probably werent trying at all huh?
timetodienow123::They tried but couldn't seem to find a rhythm.
timetodienow123::SAS will still say that D-Rose is a better passer than Nash. I still can't believe he said that.
rickyoil::98-91 WITH 2 MINS 2 SECS LEFT YET NO MORE POINTS NO FOULS
Ms Seana::Mistress of the obvious: i like it when they win. :)
supe540::Nash is beyond ridiculous.  The man is 38 years old and schooling 25 year old PGs on how to run a team.  Incredible.
OptimusPrime4.0::Nash is good ill give him that
OptimusPrime4.0::IM 0-4 WHEN I BET AGAINST THE SUNS..... They beat the lakers, clippers, dallas, and now memphis when i bet against them wtf is going on with is picture... I guess these old hags can paly basketball
Ms Seana::Next time there's a game I'm finding you to lay a wager LOL
OptimusPrime4.0::you wont find me laying any wagers against the old hags anymore
rob1153@aol.com::I cannot believe this game did not hit the over.They were only down 7 why did they not foul with 49 secs left .
percyrancifer::man im in disbelief
rickyoil::TYPICAL FIXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
timetodienow123::Bad coaching.
bballboi33::Good Game PHX... Lets get em next time Grizz
torrtis::Rebounding made the difference tonight.
slopedoggy::Memphis had 35 rebounds total. Not impressive for the height they have.
gotigersmemphis87::Yeah Gasol somehow let Gortat outrebound him
Linfanticide::with MIN probably dropping down, the suns have one less team to worry about.
Benjamayne::$@%! you phoenix
Orange602:::(
rickyoil::its crazy how the NBA continues to let these monkeys fix games
percyrancifer::HELL YEA THEY FIXED I HAD 0VER 192 I KNOW ITS FIXED
rickyoil::on pace 200+ after 3rd qtr then score 35 with no fouls last 1 min 35 yes FIXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX JUST LIKE AUBURN JUST LIKE TIM DONAGHY
timetodienow123::REALLY????????????????????
timetodienow123::Suns play smart and Grizz don't. Grizz has more talent but not as smart as Nash and Hill.
gotigersmemphis87::31 combined years in the league between them :)
timetodienow123::Ya. Memphis will get better over time. They have a younger core.
tds2n::dude.. the grizzlies are at the top of the turnover margin stats. That's the epitome of smart basketball.. lol. some of you  people just say the first thing you make up.
Meet-The-Forkers::On paper you guys are better!
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::YES!!!! Suns win again. We're on a roll. 5 out of 6. We're playing fantastic basketball. It feels great to be on a nice roll and be winning. Great job Suns! :)
Meet-The-Forkers::Yea !!  Forkit
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::We can still We're playing well enough to hake a playoff run. We're playing well enough to win 6-7 games in a row. Before I'd have been okay trading Nash as long as it wasn't to the Spurs but now I say. KEEP STEVE NASH AND MAKE A PUSH!!!!!
ths baller::I'm a great fan but steve nash will always be my favorite player
timetodienow123::Suns played great. Grizz struggled. In a 7 game series with Z-Bo playing at the level he did last year I take the Grizz. If Z-Bo isn't 100%, it will be close.
tds2n::GG suns.  I'd rather a game like that than one of your players getting to the line after tripping on their own feet.
screwhead2305::Hopefully the Suns make a playoff push.. Steve Nash deserves another go at it
Meet-The-Forkers::Wish the best to Memphis going forward. You will do well.
PhxSunsOwn13::2-0 vs. Memphis this year. GG Grizzlies fans, and good luck the rest of the year.  GO SUNS
Meet-The-Forkers::later King Kong.
rc021363::Great game, Suns!  We will see you next time, and we will bring it to you next time.  You can bet on that.  Go Grizzlies!
PhxSunsOwn13::later
Orange602::Good game, glad to see the Suns win again
PhxSunsOwn13::Suns have the 4th highest winning percentage in NBA history... Where are the Grizz?
tds2n::oh, and how many rings?
gotigersmemphis87::Grizz have the 4th highest win percentage in the west right now. Where are the Suns?
Meet-The-Forkers::We are truly a franchise!!
Linfanticide::seriously, i thought MEM was good.
gotigersmemphis87::Hey genius go look at the west standings.Check out the east while your at it to see how far down Knicks and Lin are
tds2n::yeah, they are. Ever check the NBA standings?
Meet-The-Forkers::Hell of a PASS Steve!!
rc021363::With the short season, if any team loses 3 or 4 games in a row, then it makes it real tough to make it to the playoffs.
zinkerled::Why are the suns shooting threes up by 10 with 2 minutes left?  Just to give the Grizzlies a chance?
tds2n::basketball is looking good in M-town this year. Grizz and tigers both looking poised lately. Off night for the grizz tonight. It happens, and the suns are a desperate team now.
sasmast3r::this is my world Peyton, you're just living in it  -Robin Lopez
Meet-The-Forkers::good one.
timetodienow123::Grizz can make some noise in the wide open West but if you think PHX won't make the playoffs you're just plain ret.arded.
gotigersmemphis87::Suns wont sniff the playoffs
Meet-The-Forkers::8
yosellindreams::Suns are bad We know this  Suns are just getting lucky tonight   Why am I typing like this   Oh well  Bye
yosellindreams::He must be mad because there is no other reason to defend the team he likes
Orange602::Obviously mad
sasmast3r::very mad
Meet-The-Forkers::Is there an echo?
PhxSunsOwn13::SO MAD
