Navy Squid45::My Magic be playin bad
CandySparker::;)
81Mcrade::I started betting a system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made around 3K a month for 3 consecutive months now using this system. You can find this system on the 1st page of Google by searching for Sports Betting Systems.
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::lol both teams r beyand jokes  #keepin it real
batmanuel33::says the front running heat fan.. joke of a fan is more like it
mksatx::Let's hope detroit keeps building their core and gets back to competing in ecf playoffs.  Man they really were something to watch back in the day.
earlealston::Pistons only being four games outta playoffs sounds a lot more hopeful than other certain teams' situations  *cough* LAKERS *cough*
Love that sweet sweet man meat::real last comment of this board...  *rapes mattcowboys*
mattcowboys77::how could you....
mattcowboys77::last comment of this board....  DETROIT BASKETBALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
IAMpunter0926::thats a lot of Losses must be detriot basketball
YogaBeer::Cavs and Pistons win!  Lake Erie representing tonight.
_I Am A Celtic_::J.J.!!!
JHCASHION88.6::What team does Redick end up with?
BroncosLions96::Peace out and God bless.
2215Tommy::to you too
Detroit Everything::I'm out of here, peace! good game everybody
SkipClueless FailSource::so if i want the pistons to make the playoffs, who do i want to win this Bucks vs Philly game?
DetKoolAid::we really just need the celtics to keep sucking...they are in 8th
DTownSports81::Bucks
Detroit Everything::i was deliberating about this. On one hand I would say I want the Bucks to lose since they are higher in the standings and in our division. On the other hand, I want Philly to lose since we are right behind them and they will probably start improving later in the season.
denn19641::Finally broke the Magic's spell.
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::@DetKooAid  http://www.basketball-reference.com/play-index/pcm_finder.cgi?request=1&amp;sum=0&amp;p1=knighbr03&amp;y1=2013&amp;p2=rosede01&amp;y2=2012&amp;p3=westbru01&amp;y3=2013  Knights O rating, D rating, Turnover%, Steal%, Assists%, and PER are NOWHERE near the others. Rose and Westbrook get to the line more. And also Knight gets destroyed in all 4 categories of Win Shares. Sorry, he's not a good PG. Better as a SG or a super sub.
Detroit Everything::I still think we're just expecting too much out of Knight. Sure he's young, and might not become a superstar, but I think if we stick with our core and upgrade our starting SG or SF, Knight will not need to be a superstar.
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::Sure he'll improve but not in the areas needed to be a PG. He's lacking the things that you just can't teach. He doesn't find the open guy, he doesn't have that awareness. Sure he'll cut down on his turnovers as he gets older and doesn't make as many dumb passes or keep dribbling it off his foot or drive to the lane all out of control. But he can't develop that PG vision that some are just born with.
Detroit Everything::That's what I'm saying, we're expecting too much. He will improve no doubt, but if he is JUST an above average player, he will be fine.
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::plus he's a poor FT shooter for a guard. I like him, but he isn't our PG of the future.
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::Superstar?? He's not even average right now. He never showed he was a capable PG in college either. He's a scorer, not a PG. He's not just going to magically gain court vision and consistency over night. Chauncey was a miracle that it happened to him.
bill32821::Dare I say ...Cleveland Cavs&gt;Orlando Magic?
SkipClueless FailSource::we will see how all these new cavs pieces fit, they could get out of the basement, new orleans did
DTangMF::whats the point of this comparison?
DTownSports81::Irving &gt; Orlando Magic
BroncosLions96::Just maybe
Detroit Everything::I'll also be one to say that I'm appreciative to what Prince has done this season. Not in terms of stats, but taking a step back as he isn't a cornerstone of this rebuilding team.
Detroit Everything::well at least it's not ben gordon money lol
DTownSports81::He's the vet on the squad. Plays good minutes. I have no problem with Tay.
DTownSports81::Its not necessarily his production but 8.5 a year seems like a little much
Detroit Everything::I thought we'd trade him but he's made me overall happy this year, especially because he volunteered to come off the bench.
DTownSports81::I was more mad about the Stuckey re-signing personally
Detroit Everything::people have been pulling their hair out since he decided to re-sign
BroncosLions96::Who is you're favorite player in the NBA? Mine is Kenneth Faried.
samerzz16::Jamal Crawford
BroncosLions96::So do I, was one of my favorite players back on the Nuggets
DTownSports81::I like JR Smith
BroncosLions96::Haven't followed him much but he was a great college player
BroncosLions96::Councilman Fred Ebberd - he's starting to go off... to bad his team is terrible  It's like that for most first year players in the NBA sadly
Councilman Fred Ebberd::he's starting to go off... to bad his team is terrible
Councilman Fred Ebberd::Kemba Walker
BearJWS::Pistons should have drafted Kemba last year instead of Knight.
chris johnson 558::we all can agree that we have better chances in making the post season the lakers
batmanuel33::it says the magic are rebuilding while the lakers are choking..?
denn19641::With the Lakers in West, they need to put a miracle right away.
csmeech::Why is it so hard to understand.  We know that the magic are a bad team. It's like you think we don't know.  The team is in the process of gutting and restructuring.  You can't win when you are doing that.
bill32821::I hope you arent a Magic fan
bill32821::Lakers suck badly...so what does that say about the Magic?
chris johnson 558::we still 6 games behind the lakers we have a chance
DetKoolAid::with the celtics loss pistons are friggen 4 games back of the 8th seed after starting 0-8 and 7-21
Dtroitball::http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=a7d4m3g
DetKoolAid::thats actually a pretty nice trade, if pistons get a draft pick out of it id say do it asap
Councilman Fred Ebberd::Drummond needs 30+ mins, he's playing like a beast
UConnBigO::he IS a beast.  I wonder if the guys in New Orleans are crapping their pants yet.  In 3 years I think that it will be clear Drummond was the better choice
dolik2::So are we 2 or 3 wins out of the 8th spot?
bill32821::We dont always make a smart trade but when we do.....well.. we never do...%^$&amp; off.   -Orlando Magic GM and fans
BroncosLions96::Chicago and Miami, here we come!!!!!
DetKoolAid::@mega  knight will be fine, he has speed, shooting, and sees the plays but I think the pistons are trying to force him to be a certain type of point guard like they tried with stuckey....they need to just let knight be his normal aggressive self because when he plays like that pistons play better. Check his game logs and look at how good he was in most of the pistons wins
DTownSports81::Knight looks better at the 2 honestly
DETsports84::I agree Westbrook, Rose, etc aren't "pass first pgs"
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::Knight's shooting % is nowhere near theirs
DetKoolAid::check out knights stat line for tonight, he usually does that in pistons wins and when he looks like he is just playing basketball as opposed to playing point guard the way frank wants him to
Denis2224::Pistons need some energy in that arena maybe a trade or something.
Detroit Everything::ok guys here it goes, if we can beat the Bulls... I'll be 100% confident that will be contending for a playoff spot.
DETsports84::I think Drummond has to come in early tomorrow.  Noah &amp; Boozer will eat Max alive.
csmeech::No way
csmeech::The Magic will be back on top of the division within 2 years
csmeech::look at their history.  When they fall to the bottom, they quickly rise to the top
Denis2224::Keep dreaming.
Philip0501::Hey guys im not a spammer. Im just excited about this event and I want to tell you. The Sun Life Stadium is a great place for events such as championship games,MLS,Pan Am games etc. Please like them on facebook at   facebook.com/MiamiFirst   and go on their website miamifirst.com. It will keep The stadium running for the us to enjoy for years to come. Thank you. Also support their pledge at   www.miamifirst.com/support-our-pledge. Thanks.
BroncosLions96::PISTONS, Oh Yeah!!!!!!!!
mojart::when will the pistons-hornets meet?that would be a great match up of both AD
Antonio1747::JJ Redick doesn't deserve to be on this loser roster. He can really help a playoff team out
csmeech::They will
OPENLYUGLY::Then one of those PRECIOUS TEAM'S needs to ANTE UP!
trizzo23::magic played like a team that was going against a mad team they whopped and went on 21 to 0 run against last game that only played 2 games in last 10 days...
chris johnson 558::gg pistons fans hope for a great game next week
bill32821::When Magic fans are saying trade anyone but Reddick...you know you suck.
trizzo23::hey billy your moms calling
bill32821::thats the best you got? lmao
OPENLYUGLY::Who the F' is saying that FOOL?
chris johnson 558::any team dream of jj redick on their roster
jjfurr29::Would've been better off giving the ball to Redick every time and say, shoot.. He's the only one who came to play
smackdab0::Now if Uk can finish off Bama it'll be a win win night..
chris johnson 558::as a back up yes
fosterwhitlock::Magic fans, honest question, do you like having jameer nelson?
csmeech::No
OPENLYUGLY::HATE IT!
mattcowboys77::16 offensive rebounds HELLO!
chris johnson 558::trade jameer or glen davis but don't trade jj please
yanksonfire27::Big Baby already half way out the door.
NameThatScrub::JJ reddick has been on beast mode
Daniel83510::Meh... Lottery balls
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::DETsports84 - Why is everyone saying we need a PG.  What's wrong w/ Knight being our scoring PG?  -----------------  He's very inconsistent. He doesn't see the court well. Doesn't get many assist. Can't really run a 5 man offense or set up his teammates. And is VERY turnover prone. I say move him to SG and get Burke.
DETsports84::Very tiny backcourt
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::Knight becomes a super sub.
DETsports84::So you want Knight checking the Bryants, Wades, Hardens of the NBA?
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::no, off the bench
DetKoolAid::knight is only 20 years old! give him time lol
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::He never even showed those skills in college. The overwhelming majority of the time, if it hasn't developed by that time, it won't. Sure there's a few examples like Chauncey where it comes on late. But 99% of the time it doesn't. The elite PG's have shown it already in their college years.
Detroit Everything::ya its his first full season too. The thing is, we're expecting him to be TOO good. I think if Drummond and Monroe are teh dominant players of the team Knight will be fine being just above average
mojart::if ainge call dumars and offer rondo for knight and maxiell or prince.......will dumars accept it
mattcowboys77::No brainer...
DTownSports81::ROndo for Knight? I'd hope so
Detroit Everything::that would be a gold mine
smackdab0::Damn, got to playing Xbox Fifa and totally missed the Pistons game.. atleast we won tho..
Detroit Everything::I'm happy to see English playing
bill32821::I'm suprised the Magic have 14 wins with the trash they got for Howard.
csmeech::Dream on
csmeech::We all are.  Even the Magic fans agree with that.  The point was to get garbage
bill32821::you accomplished that with flying colors...you wont make the playoffs for another 10 years...congrats.
OPENLYUGLY::32821 in the Taft area?
OPENLYUGLY::Yeah, like the League/Stern is gonna let the Pistons knock the C's out from making the playoffs.
CARMELO4LIFE14::Stern doesn't really like the Cs but if you believe anything is possible!
DETsports84::Pistons are a storied franchise as well.  Don't forget.
