TeXAsForLIfE123::LETS GO SPURS!!!!!!! BRING THAT CHAMPIONSHIP HOME....WHICH THEY WILL. SPURS VS BULLS IN THE CHAMPIONSHIP
boltfan858::"The Spurs (40-14) have played two more games than the Thunder (41-15). San Antonio overtook Oklahoma City in the standings for the first time all season Friday and owns the tiebreaker with 12 games remaining.".................In what world does his math work. Isn't it the Thunder who have played two more games?
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::Seems ironic....that's the nba for everyone.
Ninja_in_Paris::The Spurs are loaded.  Scary, scary team.
luvnbayes::By far the most important stat from last night's game is Paul Milsap, 1-8 from the field for two total points.  If he was playing against Blair he'd have more than that before anyone in the game was sweating.  My number one wish come thru, Diaw replacing Blair in the starting lineup.  If only it could be permanent.  Diaw is just a lot more polished than Blair, and by tons.   Go Spurs Go.
lsiberian::Pop is a brilliant strategist he knows what he's doing and part of it is to motivate Diaw to work hard.
FightinMs::Duncan is the man
MJ is still the best::If Spurs take home the trophy this year, Duncan will be the first NBA player to win a championship in 3 different decades.  Just a fun fact for all the Spurs fans out there.
CalaisYaY::that's legit
jlane0049::go spurs
soonerguy80::Spurs unfortantly will take 1st in the west (considering their easy schedule) and b4 u Spurs fans say anything look at their schedule only a few times this season did they have to play tough opponents twice in a row unlike OKC who has played several top teams in a row just look at OKCs schedule the last few weeks they played Miami,Portland,LAL,Chicago,Memphis and Miami again that's 6 tough teams in a 10 day stretch the Spurs toughest parts were Dallas,Denver and OKC and 2 of those were at home and the other stretch was Portland,Denver and Chicago with 2 of those as losses.Another stretch for OKC was Dallas,Memphis,SA and Portland with only 1 of those as a loss .So like I said the Spurs have enjoyed a easy schedule even the Lakers Dallas and Memphis have had a tougher schedule where they've had to play 4-5 tough teams in a stretch=San Antonio what a joke
polocash::They play pretty much the same schedule except for teams within their division. Spurs have harder division here. 4 playoff teams in SW division, OKC has 1 other in Denver barely holding on to 8th.
lsiberian::I know you are still hurt over Baylor beating your choking Sooners, but you are the nit wit. The Regular season doesn't mean jack in the playoffs.
jlane0049::YOU SOUND LIKE YOU ARE CRYING. itll be okay man. have some candy
soonerguy80::obviously u 2 nit wits know nothing and don't pay attention 2 what I said..Again I stated that SA has had a very easy schedule yes while u r right spurs_sweep BUT they have not had a stretch where they have had 2 play difficult teams in a row or consecutively OKC has had 2 stretches where they have played 6 playoff opponents in a row 2 stretches of 4 in a row SA 2 stretches of 3 in a row and I'm only counting the top 8 in the west plus chicago and miami....Like I said San Antonio has had the luxary of a easy schedule....just look at SA schedule and compare theirs to other teams...the NBA has given them 1 of the easiest schedules in the league
-mando-::ha.  typical sooner.
spurs_sweep::the spurs didn't make the schedule and for the record the spurs beat that same OKC team prior to them beating those teams. San Antonio plays the Jazz, Pheonix and Lakers 2-3 times each before ending their regular season so save that drama for your mama.
KennyS562::I'm not even a spurs fan, but dude; quit whinning. In a just world, OKC should even exist!!
Jaguarcrazyboy::Watch the Spurs win this year and everyone will come on here saying they are Spurs fans and that they knew they would win.
1871jupdog::i have been a spurs fan since '04
cgjane::Dont sleep on the Spurs! Coach Pop is the best in the NBA right now.
boltfan858::When Jordan retired I thought the Bulls missed the Playoffs....the first time he retired that is.
polocash::When did Phil ever get a team to overachieve? It it hard to tell about Phil because he never had a bad team or at least one that was not a title contender. When you have Jordan, Pippen or Shaq Kobe, you are pretty good already.   Pop/Spurs have done it with second round picks, late 1 st rd picks, trades , some not good, and mostly developing players into his mold.
spurs_sweep::right now! try the last decade...
lsiberian::Phil was the best until he retired. Now it's Pop.
badboyscruffy::Not many people know this, but the Spurs are the best team and the league and in my honest opinion, are favourites.  -Bulls fan
CandySparker::
Erica7825::Can't wait to watch lakers vs spurs!  You can watch and download nba full matches in here: www.viewbfc.com/js/nba.html
jeremylinfanshq::The Spurs are scary... their nonchalant attitude towards winning is hard for opponents to digest I'm sure... These guys are consummate pros and barring a rare collapse, they'll most likely reach the WCF if healthy.  http://jeremylinfanshq.com
Iamtheone0594::Question? What if the Lakers finish in first place of the Pacific division but Memphis finishes with a better season record than the Lakers. Who gets the higher seed and home court advantage in the playoffs?
daboafadem::In fact, you can see this at play right now.  Boston is winning their division and is seeded #4.  Indiana is in second place behind Chicago in their division, but they are seeded #3 due to a better win-loss record than Boston.
daboafadem::Playoff seeding works as follows:  Division winners cannot be seeded lower than 4th.  However, the better record will still determine home court.  So in the NBA, the top 2 seeds can be division winner 1, followed by the best record non-divsion winner at 2.  In a weird scenario, let's say the top 3 records all come from the same division.  It would be Top Division Winner #1.  Top Wildcard #2.  Next Division Winner #3.  Next Division Winner #4.  2nd best Wildcard #5.  In this weird scenario, if the 2nd best wildcard or non-division winner has a better record seeded at #5, they would still have home court over the division winner seeded #4.  In the NBA the W-L record and tie breakers determine HCA not seeding.
daboafadem::Fun statistic of the night.  Was looking through the Spurs roster and decided to compile the current team's player season high scores.  Check it out:  Tony Parker = 42 Stephen Jackson = 34 Tim Duncan = 28 DeJuan Blair = 28 Boris Diaw = 27 Tiago Splitter = 25 Manu Ginobili = 24 Danny Green = 24 Kahwi Leonard = 24 Gary Neal = 21 Matt Bonner = 20 Patrick Mills = 20 James Anderson = 12  When all but one guy has a season high of 20 or more, it means you have a ton of capable scorers and they share the ball well.  It also means when things aren't going well and the coach wants to look to his bench for some instant offense, coach Pop has a whole tackle box of toys to play with.  My goodness.  That is just insane!
vickfan770::popovich is the best nba coach of all time, period
Redlands801::1a. Jerry Sloan 1b. Gregg Popyovich 3. Phil Jackson
spurs_sweep::yeah
spurs_sweep::again in the last ten years the Spurs have won more games than any coach in any of the 4 major sports groups. Yes even more than Phil...
darealtexasboi::dont know about that man top 5 for sure
poweredbyjae::You can't help but respect the Spurs.  They take on Strip Club Jackson and break off a 11 game winning streak.  I guarantee you there is no other team in this universe where that could have worked
rhuff1118::Grizzlies fan here but I have to admit: Gregg Popovich is clearly the best coach in the NBA.
spurs_4_5::i think division leaders get at least top 4 spot, not necessarily automatic 3. So if memphis finishes with a better record, they'd be 3rd. 4 goes to lakers/clippers. Id rather see spurs play lakers tha memphis in 2nd round. memphis is deep..
daboafadem::See above.
daboafadem::Good luck against the Clippers.  Not only would that help Memphis climb up in the standings, I want the Lakers looking back every game and hearing the Grizzlies' footsteps.
rhuff1118::Don't know.
Iamtheone0594::Question?  What if the Lakers finish in first place of the Pacific division but Memphis finishes with a better season record than the Lakers.  Who gets the higher seed and home court advantage in the playoffs?
rhuff1118::Thx. Memphis is deeper than ever this year and has a shot to go pretty far IMO.
NBA IS FIXED 1212::Refs easily change the outcome of games.
NBA IS FIXED 1212::Heat 2006, Lakers 2002.
NBA_is_the_new_WWE::There is proof the Vince Mcmann is now the owner of the NBA
NBA IS FIXED 1212::Spurs might win who knows with these playoffs. Records won't matter really, because teams can finally practice in the playoffs this year.
NBA_is_the_new_WWE::i agree
NBA IS FIXED 1212::But the refs might give it to the Heat this year.
GoofyTigre::Alright. It seems the trolls (probably only one guy)  have taken over this board. I'll leave everyone else to feed him/them and get back to working. Good night all and Go Spurs Go!
SharksGiants22::Spurs are one of the only teams i like, Fundamentals, fundamentals, fundamentals. Dont forget to use that backboard!!
SharksGiants22::NBA =  F I X E D
dwgallantnba::As far as I know, the league is stoking off so-called King James.  Don't you think that's who they want to win.  It would make them more money.
SharksGiants22::but they'll probably give him one this year
SharksGiants22::no it would make them more money to have him keep losing.
dwgallantnba::You obviously didn't watch the game.  Why you rather watch the ABA?
SharksGiants22::lmao! good point
ejhova217::Dont get ahead of yourself dude. WNBA? Average shooting percentage is like 40%. I think in hell you are stuck in a room with a tv and every channel has a WNBA game on it FOREVER
SharksGiants22::better than watches the refs hand teams championships
dwgallantnba::You're right.  Watching teams jack-up shots while playing no defense is much more enjoyable.  NOT!
SharksGiants22::id rather watch college ball, WNBA &gt; NBA
Sports fan 26::Yep
dwgallantnba::Childish.
ejhova217::No team ever deserves over 40+ free throws in a game. If any team gets that many the league should review the game. Im not a fan of either team I just hate when a ref controls the game. Boring as hell man
luvnbayes::Nonsense.  Utah always fouls a lot.  They just foul and foul and hope the refs get tired of calling them.  It was SA who was furious at the officiating last night, not Utah.
daboafadem::WAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!!!!  WAAAAAAHHH!   HHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!!!  WAHHHHHHHHHH!  Gimme my binky!
Shawn1807::The Spurs bench scored more than the raptors. 82 the other night
Shawn1807::Then you must hate the Lakers.
csc166::Cough tuck rule cough
ejhova217::I hate referees man. Let me put it this way. 69 freethrows out of 228 points is more than 25%. If you watched a football game where 1 out of every 4 plays there was a flag, Im pretty sure youd flip out by the end of the first quarter. No other sport has referees that can truly impact the result of a game.
GoofyTigre::did you watch the game ejhova217?
ejhova217::I did not but you could never convince me that a game that has 69 free throws total, almost as much as the total points of the raptors tonight, was a well refereed game.
SharksGiants22::by boring you mean fixed
SharksGiants22::proof is there you idiot, you just choose to be blind
dwgallantnba::Childish.
SharksGiants22::and then made youtube videos showing us
Sports fan 26::Its fixed. One ref got arrested already for betting on games.
Sports fan 26::Spurs suck!!
jlane0049::YOU SUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AND YOUR TEAM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
blposse237::Nah I think you suck Go Spurs lets show these scrubs how to do it
dwgallantnba::Childish.
theglasskey14::Gregg Popovich is hands down the best coach in the NBA.  He gets the most out of his players talent wise and you never hear about rift with players or from players.
harvardswagg::Greg Popovich is the best coach in the NBA currently.
spurs_sweep::you mean currently in the last ten years then yes currently
harvardswagg::I was in Miami a month ago enemy they was on that losing streak. It was depressing. Womp womp wommp
dwgallantnba::Please, Sports fan 26, Inlighten us with your extensixe basketball knowlegde.
ejhova217::Summary of your guys post. Person one "I have a high ego because I know more about basketball from watching the NBA which is just a different version of the WWE." Person 2 "DERP DA DERP TROLOLOLOLOL
GoofyTigre::Yup. They are on every board. Trolls think that is is fun to just say controversial things to get a rise out of people. The more people they incite, the more fun they have doing it. It's a weird concept. Oh well. He has succeeded and is probably laughing his A$$ off in his Mom's basement.
GoofyTigre::And he has a couple alternates so he can like his own comments so it will look like someone else agrees with him. He is a good Troll, that is for sure.. he got quite a few responses from people here.. and will probably get more with his newest post..
Sports fan 26::I own my own house. Your probably in a house with 30 other people since your most likely from Mexico.
dwgallantnba::Childish.
GoofyTigre::He is trying to get a response out of you! stop responding to him and he will go away.
dwgallantnba::You have no basketball IQ do you?  Obviously, because you haven't offered any insight into the game of basketball.  Why exactly are you posting?
dwgallantnba::Childish.
Sports fan 26::Actually yes i played basketball. I just like seeing how many people will comment. Seems to be working.
Sports fan 26::Bounce bounce bounce throw ball.
dwgallantnba::I'm sorry.  I thought this thread was about NBA.  I didn't know that it was about racism in America.
Sports fan 26::I didn't know it was racist to bounce a ball.
Sports fan 26::You bounce a ball and throw it in a hoop thats about it.
harvardswagg::Spurs are the best team in the league quit frontin like I won't smack you in the face, like we did Richard Jefferson..
BarkBarkForPig::Jazz lost as expected, but sick dunk Favors!
GoofyTigre::That's for sure. Did you also see Parker own Harris a few times. He has new legs on him this year. Harris could have broke an ankle he was shook so hard.
Sports fan 26::I saw him travel.
GoofyTigre::And Pop actually sat Blair, Anderson and Jackson tonight. He was thinking ahead and no other teams have the luxury of having a roster deep enough to do that. The Spurs are the deepest team in the NBA right now and they are hitting their stride at just the right time. Good luck NBA, the Spurs have their eye on one more championship before Duncan retires and it looks like they ready to take the trophy home.
spurs_sweep::Thunder will fall as usual and Dallas will be lucky if they make the payoffs.
Shawn1807::Since this is Ground hog day then tomorrow your gonna wake up and still be the idiot troll you are today. GREAT!!
Sports fan 26::And right now the Spurs would most likely play the Grizzlies in the second round.
Shawn1807::Wow you must be some kind of genius. Go predict the future somewhere else dork.
dwgallantnba::What team do you follow Sports fan 26?
GoofyTigre::Oops, Sports fan 26 accidentally showed us his alternate. I figured he had one because he was getting two likes for almost all of his comments right after he posted. He is a bigger TROLL than I thought. Please everyone. don't feed the trolls or they will stay around.
Sports fan 26::Spurs
jessemangelson::Your mom!
Sports fan 26::Dude the Spurs aren't winning anything this year sorry. They had 61 wins last year and lost in the first round.
Shawn1807::Everything being the same then the Spurs will just keep killing the Sonics
soonerboomer65::Thunder
Shawn1807::And Dallas won it all last year so I take it you think Dallas is winning again this year? Everything being the same then your still an idiot.
GoofyTigre::Spurs are the only team that have TWO 11 game winning streaks this season. No other team in the NBA has even one 10 game winning streak. We are the deepest team in the NBA and we have wins over the best teams this year. I'm looking forward to this postseason. It will be fun to watch. Gotta win one for Duncan's sending off party (Robinson style!)
spurs_sweep::would have been longer had he not sat his starters but it looks like they fixed that problem with the talent POP brought in. Lets see how long the streak goes this time.
dwgallantnba::Sports fan 26 doesn't seem to understand the concept of sports or racial harmony.  I'm not sure where the posts are directed.  What team do you follow Sports fan 26?
Sports fan 26::Spurs
Sports fan 26::Haha you can only say names because you know your Spurs will lose again.
speedyg525::how much would suck my dic_k for un peso?
speedyg525::as_s licker
speedyg525::fa ggot
speedyg525::^$@%!
Sports fan 26::And you will lose in the first round again.
speedyg525::coc_k holster
speedyg525::ball gazer
speedyg525::pus_sy
speedyg525::coc_k sucker
Sports fan 26::Spurs will lose in the first round again. Good luck with that.
Sports fan 26::Yes
dwgallantnba::Do you live in America Sports fan 26?
jessemangelson::Yeah Spurs are washed up!
speedyg525::get the $@%! out of  here dude. Your dumb for even thinking that. who do you like ?!
speedyg525::ur dad
jessemangelson::Your mom!
joejohndavemark::its all about Kawhi... Go Aztecs
GoofyTigre::He's a stud. So glad we got him.
GoofyTigre::meh.. i'm done with you. have fun trolling some other board.
Sports fan 26::Get out of here troll.
Sports fan 26::Spurs won but you still live in Mexico.
GoofyTigre::You are Racist because you felt it necessary to bring up illegals in Texas in a basketball thread on EPSN. Me thinks you are the Dumba$$ and should move on the FoxNews you racist troll.
Sports fan 26::Why are you one of those illegal Mexicans?
dwgallantnba::What does that have to do with the NBA?
GoofyTigre::Sports fan 26 is a racist. probably never stepped foot in Texas.
Sports fan 26::Lakers are old and washed up as well.
GoofyTigre::dwgallantnba: please don't feed the troll.. he will eventually go away if people stop responding to him. must be a Lakers fan.
dwgallantnba::So, are you saying that The Spurs won because Texas is overrun with ilegals?  I'm just trying to understand.
Sports fan 26::Yes i have been to Sh!tty Texas. And i'm not racist by pointing out a fact dumba$$.
Sports fan 26::I'm saying Texas is overrun with illegals, hence Mexico.
GoofyTigre::Huh? That doesn't make any sense. Oh! You are a racist. That is what you were trying to say.
dwgallantnba::I'm not exactly sure what you're saying.
GoofyTigre::Did anyone else freak out when Tony jumped over the score table and ran up into the stands. I thought for sure he was going to break an ankle or come up limping.
GoofyTigre::Troll. Get out of here.
dwgallantnba::Why?
Sports fan 26::Because then the Los Spurs would of been screwed again.
Sports fan 26::I would of laughed if he broke his leg.
EnricoMeli::I think the Spurs have the best brain trust in the NBA right now. I really like what they are doing with resting players and giving others a chance to heal. Everyone is part of the team and everyone is sacrificing for the team. This is really nice to see.
dwgallantnba::It's also great to see that 21 can contribute the way that he does while playing limited minutes.
dwgallantnba::You are so right.  This is possible due to their depth.  It's been so long since I've seen their bench able to carry the team while resting the stars.  It's great.
UTSisTexas::Duncan wants it and so does the organization.  This will be #5.
CandySparker::Two SuperSpurs. Tim Duncan and Tony Parker!
THE TEEGEMAN::OK, DUNCAN IS TO BATMAN AS PARKER IS TO ROBIN?
GoofyTigre::LOUD NOISES! I love lamp
THE TEEGEMAN::A BAD DAY, HAVING A BAD DAY....ME...COME ON, NEVER...I DONT NEED A HUG YOU IDIOT.  WHY DONT YOU GO GET YOUR BABA AND BANKY AND GO RUN TO MOMMY, I HEAR HER CALLING YOU!
SauceCaptain::YOU FORGOT TO TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK BUTTON ... OR MABEY YOU'RE JUST HAVING A BAD DAY AND THE ALL CAPS WRITING IS BECAUSE YOU'RE ANGRY ... YOU SHOULD FIND SOMEBODY TO GIVE YOU A HUG SO YOU FEEL BETTER!!!! .... YEAH!!!!
THE TEEGEMAN::HOLY SHITSKI...WHO WAS THAT MASKED MAN NAMED PARKER...HE CAME...HE SAW.. HE KICKED A S S!!!GUESS UTAH JAZZ GOT THIER LITTLE TUSHES WHIPPED!
GoofyTigre::What? I can't hear you. Speak up!
TyrekeTheKing13::spurs won this because of free throws huge difference... ginobli shot 15
dwgallantnba::Anyone who says that the home team got the advatage in foul calls during tonights Spurs game obviously didn't watch the game.
Spurs4life93::maybe the fact that you're a more obvious troll than magicpenis4life
Spurs4life93::Your caps lock is stuck
THE TEEGEMAN::REALLY, HOLY C R A P, WHAT WAS YOUR FIRST CLUE!!!!
Spurs4life93::Spurs won this game because they were more aggressive.  Simple as that
THE TEEGEMAN::SAUCECAPTAIN...DID U GET PERMISSION TO SEE THE GAME TOMORROW?  IT IS ON PAST YOUR BED TIME..BETTER CHECK THAT...SEE. YOU GET A LITTLE CRANKY IF U DONT GET YOUR 8 TO 10 HOURS OF SLEEP.
SauceCaptain::We'll see how the game goes tomorrow when the Spurs don't shoot 17 more FTs than the Jazz ...
THE TEEGEMAN::SPURS WON BECAUSE OF THE FREE THROW DIFFERENCE...SURE IT WASNT CAUSE THEY JUST GOT THIER $@% KICKED.
polocash::this was due to the huge difference in fouls .. Utah couldn't play without fouling.
tpads::yea huge difference. 27 jazz fouls to 24 spurs fouls. 3?! whoaaaaaaaa
SauceCaptain::Isn't it past your bed time?
THE TEEGEMAN::DID U KNOW THAT PLAYERS GO TO "FLOPPING SCHOOL".  REALLY....I AM NOT MAKING THIS CRAP UP.  IF THEY FAIL THEY GET THEIR CONTRACTS RIPPED UP...ITS NOT PRETTY....
THE TEEGEMAN::HOME TEAMS GET THE CALLS...REALLY...R U SURE...YOUR NOT PULLING MY LEG R U....SERIOUSLY...HOME TEAMS ALWAYS GET THE CALLS...OK, I BELIEVE U!
HushTheFormat::Cool story, bro.
SauceCaptain::Ginobili can't play without flopping. At least the refs were consistent. Jazz players got called for fouls playing the same defense the Spurs did. Call a foul for one team on one end of the floor then a no-call for the same play on the other end. But that's just how the NBA works, home team gets the calls. I really doubt the Spurs shoot 43 FTs the next game tmrw night. We'll see.
Valente9423::spurs=patriots
The_Devlin::Spurs = Patriots with more rings and less cheating.
Iamtheone0594::There is nobody playing better in the NBA than the Spurs right now.  If it continues on into the playoffs then they could win it all.  That is a big if, however. Especially after their crash and burn performance in the playoffs last year.   I really do not see any team that can out coach Pop in a playoff series but their is a team or two with better talent.   Coaching is what will make the difference in the playoffs this year.
polocash::This is not last year or same team... Manu does not have a broken arm this year also..
kidiillusion::THE BULLS WILL DESTROY THE OLD SPURS
Antsea91::Debrick rose will only destroy himself
Mr.BrianPeppers::Bulls just lost to the awful Knicks
HushTheFormat::Depends if Rose himself can stay healthy (or get healthy)
Shawn1807::Health is the biggest issue........if they stay healthy they have a chance.
Shawn1807::Health is the biggest issue........if they stay healthy they have a chance.
Iamtheone0594::That is very true but can be said for every other team in the playoffs.  Can't control that but there is no doubt that the Spurs have the best coach sitting on their bench going into the playoffs.  If he does not win COY then there should be a criminal investigation.
HushTheFormat::Having the best bench in the league will factor into the playoffs as well. I'd say the Spurs are in good shape.
NBA_refs_are_weak::Anyone notice when the ref t'd up Pop, right before he then let him have it, puts his hands in his pocket. like im going to chew you out, but god dammit im going to be a gentleman about it
1719719719::When players get t'd up it looks like they're out of control, when Pop gets a tech he looks like he's in control.
SteelersSpursDodgers::the ref took a pretty good earful before calling the T...Pop could've stopped in time but I think he wanted the tech for effect
zachrlee::The Spurs yawned through the first half until the Jazz woke them up in the 3rd. They stretched, asked what time it was and then proceeded to close out the game. Just another day at the office.
SteelersSpursDodgers::not really...they score 57 points each half; i thought Carroll going off for 3-of-4 on 3s was kind of out of nowhere and made it closer than it needed to be; also, Spurs had a bad 3-point night at 6-of-22, or it could have easily been a 25-point win
prdeepak84::Such a treat to watch Spurs basketball, they move the ball so well. Bunch of unselfish guys leaving it all there on the floor. Classy franchise indeed !!
InternetCensorship::Spurs = best team in the NBA
HushTheFormat::Cool story, bro
kidiillusion::the thunder cant beat the spurs
TskeTch33::The Thunder could take the spurs in 7 games I know that. I know for sure the Heat would dominate them in less than 7 if Lebron, Wade and Bosh were all healthy. And Im not really a fan of either team so im not biased either
HushTheFormat::Cool story, bro
Spurs_Fan18::Spurs will beat the Thunder because the Spurs are Deeper and actually plays defense and the Spurs will beat the Heat because Lebron will choke again.
Racketyplum::ya we know, your a fan of the Jazz and all your talk is a result of you being butthurt about tonites game.
TskeTch33::.....and then you woke up
InternetCensorship::Yea.... because there's no possible way that the team on the 11 game winning streak good enough to rest players every night, who also happens to be in first place in the West, could be the best team... that's ludicrous.
HushTheFormat::He woke up and the Spurs were still the best team in the NBA.
txryguy7.0::who is better tske?
wrduardo::You would think that when you have:  -The best coach in the NBA -The best bench in the NBA -The most experience in the NBA -An MVP candidate running point -The one time perennial 6th man of the year playing that role again and wonderfully -A top 10 player of all time  That you would at least get some respect...
wrduardo::Funny thing is though, I don't have to listen to "most basketball fans" when reading, watching, or listening to any radio about sports, I listen to people from the media who don't respect the Spurs, and although I would love to say I could just completely tune that out....I shouldn't have to and its very frustrating...
b1gdon::Respect from who?  A bunch of front running bandwagon jumping casual NBA fans...WHO CARES.  Ask any person with any real basketball knowledge and you'll find they show nothing but respect for the Spurs.  Even true hardcore fans of Suns and Mavericks know what SA basketball is all about.  It is just like Wes Mantooth said to Ron Burgundy..."I pure straight hate you...but G'd dam it do I respect you.
