Jhe1125::i dont care how good wolves fans think their team is.  they lost to a weak grizz team missing their best player, only scored 86 points at home.  thats not a playoff team
swerdna81::We Dont Care What You Care!!
mn_tanz::That was a pretty impressive game from Memphis, especially Allen.  He got a lot of tough shots to go in the clutch.    Overall pretty poor game by the wolves.  Defensively, they were pretty good.  That 4th quarter score by Memphis might be inflated a little bit by getting a lot of free throws at the end, but he offense was pretty bad.
JTtwentywho::Tough loss, but the competitiveness is great. Still love the excitement and seeing articles like this! http://www.tchuddle.com/2011/12/basketball-is-back-for-state-desperate-for-it/
OFrog::Well, I'll say it for the zillionth time. Have to get rid of Beasley. You could throw in wes and get any kind of performing sg. I know I have said this too many times, but what does it take to see where the weakest links in this squad are?
mn_tanz::I understand the argument, but the issues is who do you replace these people with?  Adelman has publicly stated that Williams isn't ready to play the 3 at the NBA level yet, so that's why most of his time comes at the 4.  And what "performing" sg would be available, especially one that has the upside of the former #4 pick the draft, who's still young and still developing?
gowild19::You're a little off on Wes there, he doesn't have that much upside and he really isn't all that young.  Yes its just his 2nd year in the league but most #4 picks only went to college for one year, Wes went for FIVE.  He was drafted as a "good at everything, great at nothing" player, only the thing is in the NBA he isn't good at everything anymore either.  I can see him someday being a solid bench swingman, but nothing more than that.
JTtwentywho::Can't get rid of Beasley for nothing though. Need to be patient to get the right suitor.
WorldSeriesTwins88::If te wolves dont fix either the FT or turnover problem, we will probably be the worst team again. We got lucky against DAL with a late run, and hit 3's for the first time against SA, we need to not be so terrible at the line.
JTtwentywho::The TO problem is brutal. That needs to be fixed.
Vikadontis Rex::17 Turnover's.  11 missed free throws.  Sometimes I feel like I'm watching a 5th grade rec league game.  This loss quickly brings Wolves fans back to reality.  Here we sit at 2-4 after 5 home games.  These next 3 are all winnable, time to see what the Wolves are actually made of.  Here's a thought: Practice free throws.
Vikadontis Rex::The Wolves are averaging 17.7/25.7 free throws per game.  8 missed free throws per game? Embarrassing.  And it's not really even Darko getting to the line.  It's Love, Ridnour, Rubio, Williams, then Beasley (40% free throw this season).  Shaq can shoot that terribly at the line.
AdamWest234::Wes cannot start anymore. His bricks and airballs in a 0-0 game throw off the rest of the team.  If he doesn't touch the floor in the 4th why does he play the whole 1st?
dale wrenn::I have reading comments on here and the bottom line is the wolves lost to the grizzlies without zbo and were at home that is not a good team.
gowild19::Wolves had a bad game, plain and simple.  Got too cocky and didn't hustle in the first quarter, missed too many free throws and it cost them.
Bickmann20::Wolves should win next three games vs Cleveland. Washington and Toronto
swerdna81::Not if they play like they did last night,they only beat themselves!
swerdna81::Beasley really needs to step it up and show better attitude!
conlevis2::I laugh whenever I think that Darko was drafted ahead of Melo, Wade, Bosh......even Kirk Hinrich would have been a better choice.
WorldSeriesTwins88::That was possibly the worst 1st quarter ihave ever seen, and we just couldnt really get back after that.We need a win against CLE bad now.
Vikadontis Rex::The Wolves were leading in the 4th.
nbadeacon::Adelman is a top-tier NBA coach. He's the real deal. He actually had us in position to win a game that was almost unwatchable for us hungry Wolves fans. My wife is not a big sports fan. At one point, she said "How are we up (by 2)? It just feels like Memphis is in control." Yes, thank our talented young roster, thank our newly found chemistry but, above all, thank Rick Adelman!
blazers234::gasol overrated
lrdThunda79::double doubles are not overrated!
Jhe1125::he averages a double double...
MNwildBB::Double double? Ummm...He didn't have one!
BowFlexTCTGP::now pau gasol.. thats a different story
BowFlexTCTGP::the 2nd best natural center in the entire NBA is far from overrated.. so what he had an off night shooting.. it happens to the best of them.. he'll bounce back..
fasdfasdfdf68::It looks like Wes Johnson's game didn't translate to the pros.  I know it's early to call him a bust but he's so unimpactful on the court, no flashes of brilliance.  With the way he's played in the league so far, if he wasn't drafted at #4 a couple years ago, he'd be out of the league by now.
nietoadrian::yy
matt8251::its surprising that one of the best rebounders in the nba, if not the best, is white.
lrdThunda79::i dont get it..
ShaqLee_1::How is that surprising? Rebounding is about outworking your opponent..
mjcomfort24::Tolliver isnt playing that badly. Had a bad game tonight, but usually is pretty solid. and thats all you want from a guy on the bench, able to hit open looks, avoid TOs (which tonight was what hurt them) and play good defense (which he does well). I like him and I think he's a good fit in that second unit. Does the dirty work, isnt afraid to take open shots, and bangs hard down low.
Grubie024::Tolliver is all around solid- plays tough D, good shot selection, and doesn't turn the ball over (except tonight).  As long as he makes the open shots he helps the team. TO's and missed freethrows are the reasons for our losses and TOs will go down no doubt
Vanilla_Ice_1::Kevin Love is quietly becoming one of the best players in the league.
ProgolferAZZ::Even on the defense end?
antistratfordian::Rubies is just a sick passer.  Love that guy's vision.
Grubie024::Expected nothing of his scoring game but he's actually showing promise on J's and when he takes it to the floor good things are happening. This guy could be good
hoodwinkur::I wish Kevin Love was on the Lakers. Pau Gasol is a sissy.
accarlson13::How the hell do you call a lane violation there?  Never, EVER to players wait for the ball to hit the rim!!  But no, once it happens to the twolves they decide to call it... thanks zebras, you suck.
md7152::That was sweet. Almost pulled it off.  That is something you see in street ball
accarlson13::Ahh gotcha.  Yeah, that was amazing how he got the ball to come right back to him haha
Lebron23J23::its not that they have to wait for it to hit the rim, all rebounders are allowed to fill the lane as soon as the ball is released, HOWEVER the shooter is not allowed to cross the free throw line until the ball touches the rim for this exact reason. Sucks I know, almost was a sick play by ridnour but he missed the floater anyways :/
TubbyTime334::it was legit, the player shooting it will get called every time for it.
Grubie024::If u think this you're delusional but that had to be called as much as i hate it
bhavlicek69::wolves are so nice to eachother i wish every nba team was just as nice as the wolves :/
bhavlicek69::hey sam
samboegeman::hi burton
klesk80::Even though they lost.....The Wolves are looking very good~!
Vikadontis Rex::... 17 turnovers, 11 missed free throws, and 86 total points at home is looking very good? What game were you watching?
DaBurg33::Whats the love affair this coach has with tolliver??  Darko is better than him
mjcomfort24::Tolliver isnt bad at all. played bad tonight, but has been decent if not good this season so far
TubbyTime334::Darko can struggle offensively but he held Gasol to 6 points, which is pretty dang good.
accarlson13::darko is absolutely AWEFUL!
accarlson13::tolliver is solid, although he made that very costly turnover at the end...
TubbyTime334::Tolliver is good just made a bad mistake in crunchtime.
TubbyTime334::Tough loss. Still Love The Wolves!
soul_sonic_force::memphis is gonna make anotha deep freakin playoff run babe!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Grubie024::Better play a lot better than they did tonight.... Every time i looked at the score i wondered how it was so close. Twolves played by far their worst game and were inches from tying/winning
BowFlexTCTGP::keep in mind Grizz are banged up right now.. Conley still not 100% from his ankle injury.. No ZBo for 2 months.. No Arthur for the rest of the season.. and Haddaddi and new acquisition Speights have yet to dress out for the Grizz.. We were a lil thin last night.. They'll be ok.. I have faith in this team to step up like they did last yr when Gay went down.. they know what to do.. and last night looked like the grit and grind grizzlies from last yr..Props to the TWolves.. theyve got something cookin there for the future...
FantasyNazi::The Wolves will be much improved when JJ Barea and Martell Webster come back and Ricky Rubio and Derrick Williams gain experience.  They played bad against Memphis tonight, got down big early, shot terrible from the line and still only lost by 4.   No need to get to excited about the loss.
Grubie024::Yeah i kept thinking if barea was in we woulda scored soooooo much more
BillyJoelsSecondWifeFan::yes.. Barea is the flame from the bench... remembering his acting in Mavs last season.. it was unforgettable
juanlove318::Exactly!!!
BillyJoelsSecondWifeFan::Love is the best thing happened in Minnesota since Garnett era
ShaqLee_1::No. Adrian Peterson
Grubie024::Dude.... you forgot about edi ebi
Evan2511::i thought olawakandi was..?
oguhmas::Um. Obviously.
Lakesho88::truth
Manning1815::K Love/Howard rebounding race should be epic this year. Howard is up by like .1 or something but how often does the league have two legit 15 rebound a game guys who can easily throw down 20-20s on any given night? Given the flak that the press gave Kahn when he traded Mayo for Love, I'm thanking my lucky stars we have him now.
nbadeacon::Despite apparent hubris and early media blunders, Kahn is the architect of this roster. With the benefit of hindsight, Kahn has been lucky, patient and smart. And he's staying away at the right time.  Above all, however, hiring Adelman looks to be a stroke of genius...and we must also thank Glenn Taylor for that.
Grubie024::Didn't McHail make the trade?
BillyJoelsSecondWifeFan::Let's see... among all teams which pretend on #7-8 playoffs spots in West.conf.. Wolves have the best rebounder(all league around). the best PG(prob.) and the most experienced coach.. their definitely have a chance to go postseason..
juanlove318::I see there are alot of Beasley haters! Yall just don't get it, his role is to score. He is a scorer. Yeah he is going to miss and he is going to make. The other night Kobe was 6 of 28. 28! He is a scorer. Carmelo and Durant are scorers. In some games they miss many shots. And in some they make many. Just give Beasley time. The season is young.
Grubie024::I Hope:  Derick Williams turns out to be a dependable iso scorer; D Will takes over Beasley's spot as starter; Wolves trade Beasley and Anthony Randolph for a good SG T Wolves would be BEAST if this happens (Which is entirely possible)
ProgolferAZZ::D Will is such a tweener he is to slow to guard the 3 and to small to guard the 4.  He is such a liability defensively it's scary.
MagicGob::OK, next up Cleveland ;)
juanlove318::I understand. I know you guys know he can score. He scored last year. Same player. 42,37,31,etc...
MagicGob::but that's just me - and a few others.
MagicGob::Ok, you're giving him the benefit of the doubt - you could pretty much use that argument for all lousy, or should I say struggling, players. I think it's only a matter of time before he leaves.
juanlove318::And knowing some of his teammates and Adelman, they probally tell him to shoot the ball. We don't know what goes on during time outs.
juanlove318::The reason for it is the talent around him. With those three the ball is in their hands. That's why I said Adelman needs to come up with roles. On their teams, they get the ball. All three are ball dominant. Beasley falls in that category. They need the ball to score. Some players are spot up shooters. Some are defensive specialists. I mean that's his role. If not, Adelman would tell him to stop shooting the ball. You guys don't think about that. The coach controls the team.
MagicGob::as much as I want to like him I can't. A pure scorer, as you describe him, doesn't average 15 points. A scorer is a go-to-guy and Beasley definitely isn't that type of player but Carmelo, Durant and Kobe sure are. But to keep it on a positive, if he does stay I sure as hell hope he improves.
juanlove318::I'm not comparing them. I said they are scorers. That's their role.
MagicGob::and please don't compare Kobe and Beasley, that's almost an insult to humanity
MNwildBB::Smoking all that pot is making him play like a 50 year old woman.
juanlove318::How do you know? There have the ball in their hands and they are the man on their teams. They get the ball. Beasley is just 22 and on Monday he'll be 23. He is still young.
twincities39::Beasley is a laughing-stock around the league among players juan you moron.  The guy is terrible.
juanlove318::And who is going to do better for this team?
MNwildBB::I was at the game tonight and he played like $@%!. He'll never even be close to Melo or Durant status so don't even put his name withn theirs!
juanlove318::Yeah he could be a better playmaker.
MNwildBB::If it's a team sport he should pass the ball more. K Love has a better shot than him!
juanlove318::Ok that's his mistake. This is a team. Not an individual sport. The other night on that lob pass to Wade, he wasn't in the game and whose fault was that? Ok. Stop blaming the man for the losses.
MNwildBB::Also, on the last play of the game, he wasn't even guarding his man and wasn't even going to foul. Complete lazy $@%....
Hi i love my bike::lol, wolves fans are delusional. Saying you guys can blow out the raptors and cleveland and make the playoffs. Wolves are irrelevant.
gotigersmemphis87::It will be  hard if you cant even win at home against the Grizz without Z-Bo
MNwildBB::I was thinking that all game....Doesn't help when the game start out 20-3 or whatever. That can't happen!
MNwildBB::It's not going to be hard to make the 7th or 8th seed in the West this year. The ones that say we will win the championship are delusional.
BillyJoelsSecondWifeFan::nobody says about championship of Minny.. only crazy can declare this)))
twincities39::Beasley is a bumbling idiot that has cost this team 2 games now with his pathetic play.  He's a joke of a player.  Worst basketball IQ i've ever seen.
MNwildBB::Watching Ricky Rubio in person is way better than watching him on TV! Went to the game tonight, it was fun even though we lost.
BillyJoelsSecondWifeFan::Adelman teams always had a pure sharpshooter... but in Woolves there is no such guy.. Beasley should be traded for a shooter
juanlove318::They already have shooters. A sharpshooter can't create his own shot. And most of them can't play any defense.
juanlove318::Yeah. Milicic needs to go to the bench on some nights. Love, Williams, and Beasley should be the starting front court on most nights.
gotigersmemphis87::Milicic is garbage. Thats why the Grizz got rid of him
BillyJoelsSecondWifeFan::ok.. but their big guys pack - Love and Milicic - is solid
ryan.mcgrath::Wolves need to trade Beasley for a big man, would open up more minutes for Williams.
d.mccue83::jaun man...look i know you're infamous bromance with Beasley...it's well documented on here and i actually agree with you to a point on Beasley. he's easily better than anyone they have on the roster to play the role of the scorer/ instant offense( can create his own shot)..but if you seriously say that Iggy and D.Lee aren't any better than Beasley, than you are either one of the following..1) f*cking with everyone 2) $@%!$@%! 3) have absolutely zero basketball knowledge 4) is Beasley's agent 5) is beasley himself 6) a beasley family member or friend or 7) is beasley's weed dealer or 8) are on drugs and its frying your brain...what you need to realize and half the other people i see in here as well...basketball isn't put the 5 best scoring players on the court at all times. it's mismatches..gameplans..matchups...it's so much more than...well he's such a better scorer he need to be the starter..it doesn't work like that. not even close. just need to point that out to people..everyone thinks Milicic sucks because he's not flashy and doesn't score much...i'll give you a hint, he's not starting for his offense. he's actually a very good defender. he wasn't drafted #1 overall because he was a future 25-15 guy..he plays excellent defense. Tolliver is so different than Milicic. he's also a very good player in the way that he's versatile. can shoot 3's. rebound. block. hit good percentages. so he offers alot off the bench.
juanlove318::They are no better than Beasley.
MagicGob::well then we agree to disagree.
juanlove318::Trade him for who?
mikekment::You do realize that the other team has to agree to the trade, right? Why would GS or Philly want to do that? They are both better than beasley and don't have the baggage.
MagicGob::tell me do you like Beasley that much or is it that you can't see a replacement. - I would for example prefer Iguodala or David Lee for that matter.
BillyJoelsSecondWifeFan::wolves have no losses in double digits yet... they are keeping fighting
MNwildBB::That was the game. The crowd was out of it after that horrible pass.
juanlove318::Twolves is fine to me. Don't need any trades. Rick Adelman needs to have define roles for his players. Rubio should be starting. Williams should start on certain nights. The season is young and they will be alright. Some of yall talking bout trades already. No need to panic. In the west right now, there is no dominant team yet.
minny snowta::i agree except the thunder and lakers are known favorites in the west.  beasley needs to buy into adelman's concept and play better D, he does that and the wolves will be good to go.  beasley does look lost at times and he shoots too much and laughs when he misses, it bugs me! and the stoned gaze doesn't help either.  i already see big improvement, and if we battle and play hard we will start winning.  i wont panic until we get on a 6 game losing streak but i dont think it will happen this season.
BillyJoelsSecondWifeFan::1:04	 	78-76	Anthony Tolliver BAD pASS (Mike Conley steals) - there was a crutual tournover.....
famousfoot1000::Tolliver his horrible!!! Why does he play in 4th quarter?
bernotas22@yahoo.com::WOLVES GOT SOME EASY GAMES COMING UP CLEVELAND, TORONTO
bernotas22@yahoo.com::Alrightyyyyyy
Giggityiggity::Alright, I'm gonna hold you to that.
bernotas22@yahoo.com::Wolves are a lot better than both they will blow both of them out
Giggityiggity::Cleveland and Toronto have more wins than the T-Wolves.  What makes you think they're easy wins?
bernotas22@yahoo.com::B easy had 5 so that certaintly doesnt help
md7152::When Turnovers are a major concern, No Game is Easy. lol
bernotas22@yahoo.com::WOLVES ARE A PLAYOFF TEAM SOMEWHERE AROUND .500 AND WILL SUPRISE TEAMS IN THE PLAYOFFS...WHO KNOWS WHAT WILL HAPPEN
krabs14::Kevin love, Wes Johnson, Luke, Rubio, Beasley,  Tolliver, Derrick Williams, Milicic,  THE TWOLVES GOT A TEAM GOIN.     Not to mention the coach has had success AND HUGE turn arounds everywhere he has gone .   Sacramento,  Houston.  Adelman should have been a candidate for the Lakers job
MagicGob::all I'm saying is that I've watched all six games and Beasley's lack of enthusiasm really gets on my nerve. I can't stand the lack of composure and body language he shows most nights. In my mind Adelman either needs to kick his behind to get him going or trade him.
juanlove318::Trade Beasley for who?
juanlove318::Iguodala? Really? He is not a great player. He can't really even shoot. And he needs the ball in his hands which would take the ball out of Rubio hands.
MagicGob::That's for Adelman to find out. He must see what 80 percent of the fans see. - Iguodala maybe.
100percenthustle::A Beasley + Luke Ridnour package for Andre Iguodala
md7152::Exactly, They may not like these players, but to get someone in return and expect a lot from them is asking too much in my opinion
MagicGob::he actually needs to trade Beasley for someone who actually has some heart, someone who plays with determination, bravery and a bit of aggression.
Giants_Fan_Mark::I agree, Im really interested in watchin Twolves games this season  cuz of Love, Rubio, and WIlliams.
juanlove318::I disagree. Rick Adelman just needs to define certain roles for them.
bernotas22@yahoo.com::ALA TRADE THEM
MassAmountsOfFrustration456::Eliminate 2, 3, and 5 on that list and you're fine.
bernotas22@yahoo.com::WOLVES NEED STABILITY
krabs14::Derrick Williams NEEDS to be playing 28 - 30 minutes a night.     Timberwolves have a really good roster
Griss13ears::Good hard win tonight! Marc needs help inside bad. 6 points...uggh. It's gonna be a long road to the playoffs this year. Head up wolves. Just remember, nothing is free in life....except free throws. Go GritGrindGrizz!
Griss13ears::Last night, Sam. Tonight, TA. If we can do it without Rudy we should be able without ZBo. I was dreaming of a 3 or 4 seed in the playoffs this year, but now I think I'll be happy with a 7 or 8.
shepseskaf::Tony Allen was perfect from the floor. The team will hold together unto ZBo gets back. Good effort on the road tonight.
bernotas22@yahoo.com::If it wasn't for that bad start which would not have happened then the Wolves would have won which again would have happened if Rubio started
shepseskaf::Would have, should have. Doesn't count on the scoreboard.
ksjameson::The Wolves are #1 in the league in opponents fourth quarter field goal percentage. I'd say their defense has been surprisingly good down the stretch. TOs and FTs, though ...
juanlove318::Yeah that's the same way I feel.
mrjzr66::TWOLVES=IF ONLY THEY HADN'T
bernotas22@yahoo.com::AND DEFENSE
juanlove318::Yeah that two, but look at the games they lost. Remove the missed free throws and turnovers, and some of the games wouldn't be close.
juanlove318::Yeah and the turnovers and missed free throws. That's just unacceptable. The great teams don't do that. If it wasn't for those two problems, the twolves would be undefeated right now.
phxpilot3::Young team with new talented parts=needs to gel.  I think the wolves have a really bright future
