Kobelies247::On to the next loss! WHOS WITH ME?
58rhodes::Well Phoenix is worse than the Blazers
Zach4panthers::Monte played smart this game realizing that he was having an off night so he distributed to rush and curry who had the hot hands. normally he just keeps shooting thus costing his team the win
58rhodes::Portlands guards are awful
langners00::Curry finally showing just how good he is when hes not hurt
Steven7355::Playoffs or bust.  Get past the first round marks a good season.
kev020788::Warriors swaggin all day
Kobelies247::And all is quiet in portland :)
Kobelies247::OHHHHH SHUT IT DOWN! LETS GO HOME!
imsofresh74::leggo heat!!!!!!!!!!!!!
imsofresh74::hi
esco7277::Im out these Blazer fans are Sleep! lol Get theses Trailblazers of my TV!
Rip_City27::$@%!
esco7277::Live from the Lakers Conversation to interrupt you Portland Failblazer fans lol
Kobelies247::You beat the clips LOL
wrecko22::A center scoring zero points   unreal...  at least they got the win
esco7277::Lakers Win BlaZers lose oh what a night!! I love LA we love Them!
FriscoWarriors415::Mark Jackson is going to make curry one hell of a point guard(If he can stay healthy). And the warriors should trade Monta with wright to get a pure scorer like rudy gay! If we can get someone like him then we would be dangerous. Our team is looking good when we dont commit turnovers
HoosWarriors::agreed, curry is not a pure point guard hes a shooting guard, also if Monta isn't then what were those 12 assists last night
HiddenCounter::No, we need a center.   $@%!$@%.
Rip_City27::Well I gotta go.. unlike roy and kobelies, I have a life and priorities.. so peace haters and go Blazers!!
imsofresh74::$@%!
imsofresh74::wtf
imsofresh74::$@%!$
Kobelies247::Bet ive spent more on blazer tickets then you make in a year!
Rip_City27::So you go to Blazer games yet you hate them?? Makes tons of sense to me..
Kobelies247::lets meet sometime ill prove it
Rip_City27::Nah sec 224.. and no thanks because you prolly dont
Kobelies247::300lvl?  I got some 100 you might like
Rip_City27::Go back and check my friend because I was definitely there
Rip_City27::Hmmm actually no I wasnt lol
Kobelies247::Gratz :)  Kinda funny you were on here posting  last night instead of being at the game!   Hummmmm
Rip_City27::bahaha now thats funny, I always find it funny when people bring up their financial life, obviously means their unstable.. I know I'm not but that aint your business.. btw I got season ticks
Kobelies247::I live in portland...Longer than you i  bet
Kobelies247::Nightnight :)
Rip_City27::Cool dont care then why hate on the blazers?? Oh well I gotta go done with your down syndrome a.ss
Kobelies247::lol lies
Rip_City27::Yeah you do.. Man I wish I was cooll enough to be on a NBA teams thread who I dont even like and make fun of their franchise.. what a life you have my dude
YoungBlaza::peace :) im out too.
Rip_City27::All I know is that Kobelies is a bich
YoungBlaza::He a no life $@%!$@!!!!!!!!!!
dreamhax::Hahaha everyone always underestimates the Warriors. I love it.
Kobelies247::Everything mull says about the blazers comes true! Figure that one out people
roymullins::I did predict that Joel Pryzsucka's career was over after slipping in the shower and hurting his knee!
Kobelies247::Remember that 25 point loss to PHX? LOL was a good one
Rip_City27::Hmm no not really, I could look up 4 other solid wins since then but I'd rather not
Kobelies247::Ya wasnt that the last good win that they have had since? LOL
Rip_City27::Remember the 9 point win against OKC? LOL was a good one
roymullins::OK- I said they'd go 0-82 last year...
roymullins::I only missed once... I predicted they would go 0-66 this year...
Rip_City27::Get a life
Kobelies247::No points for 2nd place SORRY
Rip_City27::One, how many WCF?? 4.. I dont think your getting the point though, you said blazers are used to losing, I dont think 23 straight season making the playoffs is losing.. unless I'm missing something
Kobelies247::How many rings did they get during those years?
Rip_City27::Its not but it is the longest streak by any NBA team ever, so whats your point about losing all the time??
Kobelies247::Thats all you have to go on? THE PAST? Wow.....
Kobelies247::Umm i dont think that record is still on going man LOL
Rip_City27::Yeah 23 straight playoff appearances is losing all the time huh?
Kobelies247::Ya but it happens to portland ALL THE TIME! Gets old im sure..
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Who's "crying" ?
Rip_City27::See me crying?? Losing happens in every sport I dont dwell on it, I know Blazers will make the playoffs and they could be a scary team come playoff time, true fan through winning or losing
Kobelies247::Srry your team lose
Rip_City27::roymullins and Kobelies.. you guys should try and focus on getting a life haha
Kobelies247::Sry your team lost...Get use to it
Rip_City27::Wasnt trying to be funny but thanks
Kobelies247::LOL funny
Rip_City27::Ya ok man I'll take 2-1 on a back to back to back anyday
rromero076::well i'm out... late,  . that goes for blazers fans and haters
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Good game to watch btw.
rromero076::Still need to play through it though.
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::The Blazers have lost (counting tonight) their previous 11 of 12 in Oakland and have played 4 games in 5 days with this one being their 3rd in a row.  Why so surprised they lost?
YoungBlaza::I wasn't surprised that  that they lost. Somehow I knew GS was going to win because the blazers aren't good at back to back to back games.
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Just bad luck (in OAK) and exhaustion. They'll be fine.
Kobelies247::im not
YoungBlaza::BLAZERS 4 LIFE!!!!!!
roymullins::I am so very sorry...
rromero076::yah i will keep watching, I notice how these people who are obviously not blazer fans say something negative but never who they root for
Oaktown1029::33 assists and 11 turnovers - that's how you do that!!
roymullins::BeardedblazerfanYou are obviously up to date on all the latest Blazer news with your little tidbits you post at the beginning of every game, so you are spending your free time to read up to hate on the Blazers? I bet you couldn't even make 2 laps up and down the court, but you hate on them for what so everybody pays attention to you on the ESPN forum. No wonder our Economy is in the can, with people like you sitting at home hating on people that do something you could never do yourself and wasting time and energy to make them look bad. I don't dislike you, I feel sorry for you and your sad excuse of a life.... ------------------------------------------ Bearded One... grow up- shave- get a job and don't worry about what everybody else is up to! By the way, I can do 3 laps but I will need beer after that...
roymullins::the small ones are the best- keep brewing it up- I'll find a way to try it this summer!
Beardedblazerfan::Thanks, well going to bed now, we can battle it out next game.
roymullins::checked the website- the Dark Farmhouse looks good- will try it- I usually get to Eugene in the summer- do your beers end up down that way?
Beardedblazerfan::Don't think they make it that far, still a pretty small Brewery.
roymullins::Ambacht...? Haven't tried that one- will have to google it here and try it when I get a chance- gotta a tip on what is your best brew?
Beardedblazerfan::Depends on what you like, we always have a stand at the Hillsboro farmers market in the Summers, I like the Pie Cherry Dark Farmhouse myself.
roymullins::wins too- always something you can knock Brick City for...
Beardedblazerfan::Ambacht Brewery in Hillsboro
monopoman::Its hilarious how roymullins has no life at all.  I mean after every blazer loss he is in here for sure.  Pretty funny...
roymullins::nice... which one?
Beardedblazerfan::I have a Job, I actually make that beer that you would be drinking after that.
Ellis_Curry::the blazers are freaking stacked :O
RIPJoePa::Wow.......so they started three point guards?
jordanjd801::we got this fools we doin it ripcity
jordanjd801::rip city all my $@%!$@ doin it
rromero076::personally i could care less dude, im one of those fans that watches win and lose and i mean lose and still talk about it, thats a real fan for ya
NONEOFYOURGDAMNBIZNESS::Keep watching, hopefully the Blazers will make it past the first round of the playoffs before you die of old age
YoungBlaza::Yeah me too.
dutchjugs perth::this game was the easy game to make $$ on     gsw never going to lose.. and always were going to score over 98 team points!!
SB4LlFE::dam, GS with 33 assists to 30 rebounds.. nice
mike_sully::Good game GS, on to the next one blazers!
roymullins::I have been making fun of Potland for a long time... they make it so easy... true Potland fans actually miss me when I am gone...
monopoman::Nah roymullins is a $@%!$@% moron always has been always will be.
Kobelies247::He speaks the truth
I_wanna_be_a_mod_someday::IS ANYONE ELSE LISTENING TO THIS GUY??? TOTAL RIOT OVER HERE!!!! AHHHAHAHAH
rromero076::these guys are always on the blazer board for what, look at the fakers LOL...
Kobelies247::Lakers about to win i think
YoungBlaza::Roymullins and kobelies, don't you guys have other things to do rather than hating on the Blazer????
Kobelies247::i watched it! KGW 708
roymullins::watch? I never watch Portland games- would make me puke...
Beardedblazerfan::What post on oregonlive? I am not on oregonlive.
Kobelies247::Ya good answer! smart one too
Kobelies247::Ive seen your bs post on oregonlive!
Beardedblazerfan::No, I don't do dudes.
Kobelies247::YOu have no idea who i am LOL!! Wanna meet sometime for a little 1on1?
Beardedblazerfan::You are obviously up to date on all the latest Blazer news with your little tidbits you post at the beginning of every game, so you are spending your free time to read up to hate on the Blazers? I bet you couldn't even make 2 laps up and down the court, but you hate on them for what so everybody pays attention to you on the ESPN forum. No wonder our Economy is in the can, with people like you sitting at home hating on people that do something you could never do yourself and wasting time and energy to make them look bad. I don't dislike you, I feel sorry for you and your sad excuse of a life.
I_wanna_be_a_mod_someday::PUKE!!! HAHAHAH THEY SO BAD!!
Beardedblazerfan::They talk trash about every game and hate the Blazers but still watch every game, I don't get it.
roymullins::yes but this is so much fun...
Kobelies247::Not fun just sick of portlands BS
I_wanna_be_a_mod_someday::AHHHH HAHAHHAHA YOU HAVE FUN HATING ON THE BLAZERS!!! YOU SO CLEVER!!!
rromero076::At least the blazers sell out all there home games blazer trash talkers!!
NONEOFYOURGDAMNBIZNESS::You must mean the Wintersucks?
roymullins::well you do have a teenage hockey team... pimples and all!
NONEOFYOURGDAMNBIZNESS::I guess when your team is as pathetic as ours "how many consecutive game sell outs" is the best thing your team can do. Again! SAD!
roymullins::'cause there is no other options in Portscum...
I_wanna_be_a_mod_someday::PORTSCUM OMG!!! YOU'RE FULL OF THEM HUH?? CAN WE HANG OUT!!!!
roymullins::good night Psuckland...
Kobelies247::When has portland does anythin smart? Other then get rid of ROY
roymullins::nah- Portland won't fire him- who would replace him? Portland can't even find anyone to be their GM- no one with any brains would want to coach ther with their front office in such disaray...
I_wanna_be_a_mod_someday::HHAHAHA SO TRUE, PORTLAND'S FRONT OFFICE OR PSUCKLAND AS YOU SO CLEVERLY SAY, SUCKS!!!
Kobelies247::lol its portland tho... Comeon
I_wanna_be_a_mod_someday::AHHHH AHAHAHAH! PSUCKLAND! HAHAHAHAH IT'S LIKE PORTLAND BUT INSTEAD YOU CHANGED IT TO SUCKLAND WITH A P!! HAHAHAHAH! SO GENIUS!!
Kobelies247::Nate is a gone
Kobelies247::No blazer fans tonight! have to wait till next win i guess HAHA
rromero076::What sucks is losing to teams with losing records and beating the good teams blazers, just not going to get it done playing that way
Kobelies247::Think before you speak
Kobelies247::I dont remember portland beating any good teams on this last road trip!
YoungBlaza::Congrats GS :)
supe540::Thanks, back at ya.
49GiaWars::gg portland thx for being tired
tobrv65::Curry will get all the pub, but Monta 4 points 12 Assists only 2 turnovers.
tobrv65::Maybe he finally realized 1 on 1 at the end of the game just means turnover!
Nixtamal::yeah cant expect him to drop 30 every night. when other teams prepare for the Warriors, all they do is study how to stop Monta and some nights he's just going to have to dish it more often like this
PoRtEr_24::AND HE SHOT LESS THAN 10 SHOTS!
Nixtamal::32 &amp; 7... Curry's team now?
FriscoWarriors415::It is Currys team because we are are to trade Monta
killahoe650::oveeeeeeerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
Oaktown1029::Warriors!
Kobelies247::Good game BLAZERS!!!! LOL
