gregorybhouston::Utah strategy was to have Milsap take Faried to the hole.  Faried dominated Milsap, no question.
nba is the worst::Gallinari continues to reek - time to bench the guy and send him a message
jayeteee::No he doesn't. Just because he doesn't score 20 every night, he contributes in a bunch of other ways. Get outta' here!!
diehardnr1::Sorry for the multiple posts...I live in Sweden and am up when you guys are asleep...  One last thing...I saw Faried wincing and hobbling before commercial...but seemingly laughing as well....the homer announcers missed it totally while kissing Utah butt...  Is he hurt??????  He never came back in after that...anyone?
KyleFurtner::Unfortunately I didnt get to watch the game. Got an emergency call to come into work at 2 AM this morning..so was in bed at 7:30 last night
KyleFurtner::good to hear it was just cramps though
KyleFurtner::Haven't heard anything about him being hurt
diehardnr1::just found this....thank goodness it wasn't an injury...  "I'm just not thinking about it, going out and playing every game like it's my last," said the 6-8 forward, who cramped up toward the end of the game but said he'll be fine for Saturday at Golden State.  The Denver Post http://www.denverpost.com/nuggets/ci_21970117/denver-nuggets-defeat-utah-jazz-104-84-behind#ixzz2Bp3ccMMl
diehardnr1::good...but did you see him wincing and bent over...even hobbling before he went out for good?  I couldn't tell if he was joking and the announcers were oblivious to it...but not the camera man...he stayed him until they cut to commercial.
diehardnr1::Anyone else have League Pass and can tell me how to switch to a DEN feed? Only 1 game out of 6 has been with home announcers it seems... Is it just me or League Pass...or did the ESPN team...rick barry and somebody...seem to be obvious Utah homers??  At the short period of the game that was competitive it was "Jazz are so great...bla bla bla,,,oh btw Nuggets D just forced another TO for a dunk...Jazz are so great...bla bla bla" Then when the Nuggets started pulling away they became advocates of DEN being "given the charity stripe" as the reason... When it finally dawned on them that Jazz were getting their buts shooped...THEN they grudgingly give some credit to the D. Sickening having to hear opponents announcers game after game...was like this last year as well...but tonight I figured...Espn...at least it will be an impartial broadcast team...not...
diehardnr1::2012-13 Season reboot 100% complete...   Commencing 76 game schedule...  Great W to get to .500 after the rough start...just need to keep the road record at .500 or better the next 26 game stretch...then the home heavy (31) last 50 games schedule kicks in.  If Nuggets can do that then anything is possible, seedings wise, this year.  KK played a quietly efficient game again...Kudos Kosta What can I say about Manimal...that I have not said already before the season....he will become a dbl-dbl machine for many years to come....Possible superstar if he develops the touch on his baby hook and lay-ups. Is it just me or does McGee just look tired all the time? Been wondering if the asthma is bothering him...or is it just hard to run with all that money in your back pocket?  Where is Pam when you need her? Somebody needs to talk to her boy... Finally....GALLO NEEDS TO SIT DOWN AND HEAL...did you hear that Karl???  I think JHam was trying to tell you something as well... a not 100% Gallo is not a good shooter....what part of the last 6 games have you missed George? More JHam and Evan please...and for petes sake give Quincy a few garbage time minutes....
222222222boomboom444444444::I wish there were a way the lakers could get Wilson chandler. he is so under used on the nuggets.
diehardnr1::How much help do you guys need from DEN to build your team already? jk   kinda
KyleFurtner::He doesn't play both games on back to back nights for the nuggets due to his hip. However I do think he will be traded at some point this year...doubt it would be to the Lakers though
charlie hustle bets the over::later ladies and germs
kiss_thee_ring::FARIED IS  BETTER THAN ANYBODY NUGGETS GOT IN THE MELO TRADE.
charlie hustle bets the over::"better" is kind of subjective.  he's definitely been more productive.
charlie hustle bets the over::A cat's jaw has only up and down motion; it does not have any lateral, side to side motion, like dogs and humans.
DudeAbides84::Generally we equate "better" with productivity...
jayeteee::If Gallo didn't have such big feet he'd have a lot more threes already this year.
diehardnr1::No jayetee...if Gallo could shoot on a tender ankle he would make a lot more 3s  all I saw was 2-11 for 5 pts in 25 minutes....again.... dude is struggling...sit him down rest his ankle, and bring him back when 100%...JHam would do okay I think...maybe not on the boards, but definitely in the pts column
charlie hustle bets the over::haha truth!
charlie hustle bets the over::defense picked up, that's for sure. and the green light for brewer definitely worked out.
jayeteee::Other than we still always lose time outs, I don't have anything to complain about these past 3 games.
didyougetthememookur::I wonder if the Nuggets will sale nuggets at games now that weed might become legal.
diehardnr1::When it goes into effect next year, there is no public use allowed....you can possess up to an oz..and maybe up to 6 plants....but have to consume it in your home.   Now, if the feds stay out of it, expect to see some "coffee shops" spring up on a membership only basis...
didyougetthememookur::True, maybe outside though.
SaudiK::Trust me...there will be plenty of $@%!$ available at mile high stadium and in the mile high city. LOL
jayeteee::What have you done to let me know I can trust you? :-P
Patreeky::Marijuana wont be available to buy in stores for over a year, and even then i doubt any random bar or venue will be able to sell it.
charlie hustle bets the over::dey gon sail nuggits wit nachos, ya hurd
charlie hustle bets the over::love the chatter that mcgee needs to be benched, blah blah blah. kid hustled all night and played great defense.
charlie hustle bets the over::mozzy = worst player on the court, and played for 10 minutes too long. randolph &gt; mozzy
Patreeky::Truer words have never been spoke.
charlie hustle bets the over::no joke.  he's so easily exposed. i don't understand GK's interest in him. plus he's as fragile as a newborn.
Patreeky::Not to mention bad hand/footwork and a general lack of knowledge of what he needs to be doing at any given moment.
charlie hustle bets the over::you end up going to the game?
charlie hustle bets the over::missed assignments, lackadaisical rebounding. he's a f*cking liability.
charlie hustle bets the over::real talk, both teams have a long way to go. neither is on par with SA or the clippers.
scow79::Damn!  Mo Williams hurt his abductor muscle yet again.  Jamal Tinsley as the starting PG doesn't seem very promising.
sasha kobesbich::keepin it slow and sexy in here  just how my dad likes it
Viva_Tele_::DAMN that was painful...ZERO defense on the Jazz end. Hope they can figure it out on the road!
scientology cult madness::Saudi towel head!!!!!!!!!!
scientology cult madness::tr
scientology cult madness::Old testament, new testament, scientology, its all the same!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Patreeky::calm down, no reason to goad the religious folk
Arjay411::Faried w/ a (McGee) knuckle head windmill dunk
LimaOscarLima::Eh a McGee dunk would be more in term of a self ally down by 16 points. Faried just missed.
KyleFurtner::Mile High Salute
Patreeky::Dont forget the salute to the crowd
Trev28nba::good win against a garbage team
Patreeky::I'll take it, better than playing down to your competition as we usually do
JustineS04::Has Iggy said anything about whether he likes Denver?
LimaOscarLima::Yes, If possible he wants to stay long term.
Patreeky::Yeah when he first came here he had a long winded explanation of it being a 'better place' for him. How could anybody not love Denver? Peyton knows
sasha kobesbich::has your mom told you the truth about your father?
Patreeky::Oh snap is it darth vader?
sasha kobesbich::we gave George to Denver cuz we knew his syle was cancerous   -Seattle Sonics
ryanvdonk::no, wally walker is an idiot...and he went to milwaukee after seattle.
Patreeky::Swiper no swiping!... ive run out of answers to the cancer posts
sasha kobesbich::great response  love my little bean dip dora
scientology cult madness::You guys know that scientology and the bible are 100 percent made up??????????
SaudiK::Stop Already
scientology cult madness::Moosehamed and islam are a joke too!!!!!
SaudiK::your all the same.
scientology cult madness::Old testament, new testament, scientology, its all the same!!!!!!
scientology cult madness::REwrite the bible agian! sacrid my $@%!!!!
SaudiK::Your a joke.
scientology cult madness::FOLLOW king JAMES's LIES!!!!!!
scientology cult madness::The bible is a JOKE!!!!!!!! $@%!$@% SHEEP!!!!!!!!!!!!
SaudiK::How about I don't give a $@%! what you have to say. Were talking about basketball here. Go somewhere else already.
THEDENVERNUGGETDYNASTY::Atheists are jokes. You douchers give out the heat but cant take it.  Puzzies
scientology cult madness::TRUTH HURT????? man made up the bible and scientology!!!!!!!!
SaudiK::Seriously?you create a profile today to go on a basketball forum to talk about the Bible and Scientology. Go troll where you belong!
SaudiK::FACT
THEDENVERNUGGETDYNASTY::Shutup Atheist.  You and your kind are more sheepish towards dawkins and hitchens than you self indulgent arrogant b@stards think.
THEDENVERNUGGETDYNASTY::Way to be a troll F@G
scientology cult madness::FAGSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Patreeky::Make for a great read though
SaudiK::you know this is a basketball forum?
scientology cult madness::GAMES OVER QWEER!!!!!!!!
scientology cult madness::FACT
sasha kobesbich::GIVE ME CANCER NOW GOD!  -George Karl
Patreeky::I guess god showed him
-FlyEaglesFly-::corey brewer looks like a black freddie mercury
phattybumbum::Bernie bicjerstaff got the lakes a win
LimaOscarLima::If his time in Denver was an indication, he'll destroy the Lakers like he did the Nuggets of the 1990s if given more power then that.
THEDENVERNUGGETDYNASTY::ESPN needs to shutup about all this fakers stuff. I DONT CARE.  Go back to talking about Tebow
sasha kobesbich::im watching centurion  fckin sucks!
JustineS04::I like Brewer. I want him to have a break out year.
sasha kobesbich::and i want to eat s hit and smell rainbows
scientology cult madness::salad tosser!!
JustineS04::He's much improved.
I Love Rubio Dimes.::Phil, you are nothing
sasha kobesbich::if youre not a jazz oe nugs fan  why are you here
scientology cult madness::mormon bashing!!!!!!!
Patreeky::that too
Patreeky::to soak in the glories of a Nuggets win, why else
Nuggs2013::ujiri should trade mozgov, brewer, and chandler for a high lottery pick and force george karl to play jordan hamilton and anthony randolph!!
THEDENVERNUGGETDYNASTY::ehh randolph  hasnt proved anything. JHAM THO. gimme some of dat
phattybumbum::Do you even like the nuggets
Ty Lawson .::Amen!
Patreeky::at gunpoint
sasha kobesbich::gerorge karl is a cancer to his team!  pun intended
THEDENVERNUGGETDYNASTY::thats terrible man
scientology cult madness::he is more a colon cancer!
Patreeky::Kevin Garnett?
scientology cult madness::a MORMON with one wife is a f,ag
Ty Lawson .::Randolph&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Doufus!
I Love Rubio Dimes.::Randolph gives 0 effort bro!
lakeshow8424::Mo Williams cracking jokes on the bench after the Jazz are getting throttled.  Typical.
phattybumbum::Did you guys see that the nuggets are second only to the clippers in dunks is year
Sportsfan61679::Korbin will be next to get fired
tausha1784::god i hope you can see the future
PhilMNAP::Final Comments? The Jazz blow.  That is all. Good game Nuggets fans. See you whenever we play you guys.
broncosroxnuggs::cbrew will be waiting
PhilMNAP::Okay
I Love Rubio Dimes.::You're an idiot
Patreeky::enough with the minnesotan on minnesotan violence!
I Love Rubio Dimes.::Good one
PhilMNAP::No you are :).
JustineS04::Good game Jazz fans. You're a pleasant bunch. Sorry about Corbin. We too have to suffer through nonsense rotations.
xmrsmirnoff::klol under 189 winner ty jesus
Pepiope::We should be 4-2, but refs wanted MIA to win...
I Love Rubio Dimes.::Corey Brewer is a bust
gsin1202::the f--king fix is in.  bs second half over was 101.5 and these so called high scoring teams can't score.
Nuggs2013::jazz can't score*
sasha kobesbich::sup lil gs
JustineS04::Great game.
tausha1784::Corbin is the worst coach in the game!
Badams0917::What do they need for tacos?
Pintz11::LOL
Patreeky::just some shells, beef, lettuce, and cheese
Badams0917::Lol
PhilMNAP::Are tacos really illegal in Colorado?
Patreeky::yeah no doubt
