Riggins7519::The best thing again for the Wizards this year is to completely tank. They have no chance competing whatsoever. Our best hope again is the lottery. Maybe going into next year we will have Wall, Beal, and Shabazz Muhammad.
bengalsrgay43034::Collison was a good player on the hornets, comes to the pacers and sucks, leaves and goes to the mavericks and is pretty good again.  Aj price leaves and becomes a legit starting point guard, or at least a solid backup.  Maybe we need better coaching for our offense?
Sports_Fanatic_3::If the Lakers could justify firing Mike Brown after 5 games, then the Wizards could 2.  Wittman's the interim coach from last year...I don't understand why they didn't try 2 go after Nate McMillan (who's defensive mind would benefit this young team) or Mike D'Antoni (who's offensive mind could make them exciting to watch).  It's not like it's a given they would take the job, but c'mon Randy Wittman???  My home town squad will continue to be a joke in DC unless we do some real moves and get a good coach.
CandySparker::I like Paul George Hill.
rollinoverthetide1968::I've been following a bet system called SportsBettingStar a few months back. Since I started playing this system I have doubled my money in just two months. You can find this system on the first page of google if you search the words Sports Betting System.
Patency1::Pacers starting big men combine to shoot 7-31. That's what you call efficiency.
jsn_trx450::I like Price, he had a great game tonight and is definitely the guy to be Wall's backup for years to come, but in no way should he get more shots up than Beal. 11 shots for this kid just isn't enough, he should be getting 20+ shots/game IMO. If he's not the leading scorer this year for the Wizards, they're doing something wrong.
jayshah96::Will pacers make the playoff this year?
Taco with a Q::yes they will
jsn_trx450::Yes. When granger comes back they might have the best squad in the east other than miami.
Shay Jacuzzi::Anyone kno when is Wall is comin bak?
jsn_trx450::He's still on track to return after thanksgiving.
jayshah96::Soon it think/hope
EastCoastSurfing::Favorite part of Pacer basketball the 20secs it takes for Hibbert to make it down the court.
Neil826::George Costanza could lead a team over the wizards.
gobiaskoffi::Only after requiring them to switch to cotton uniforms.
1337atul::Wizards missing their best 2 players. Calm down buddy
Ar1ch32::Wizards are a lot better than their record indicates. they need jwall back
Marty3531::The Wizards are digging themselves a hole.
Amateur Veterinarian::what happened to hibbert?  thought he was supposed to be good.
gt1master_ike::He is not as good as people thought.
Chris Broussards source.::He got that dough.
Chris Broussards source.::Wow Price had 14 assists.
taayox::What the Wizards need is a better coach. All these game could have been won if Whittman played/Started the right guys in the first 2 games or if he drew up better plays to help us when we were struggling to score in late game situations.
jsn_trx450::In all fairness, he's missing his two best players. He's tried to get the ball into Beal's hands at the end of games, but that's hard to do when he's the main guy defenses are focusing on. I'd be surprised if Whitman is here much longer, but they should keep for the rest of the year at least.
gt1master_ike::3-15 FG for HIbbert , good thing PG came to play today.
Ravens Gunners n Heat::The wiz need a closer.
hoyasparanoia420::need nene back too
Chris Broussards source.::Hopefully once Wall gets back it will be Wall driving in and then kicking it out to Beal for the 3.
Hoosierhawk18::Hopefully this gives Paul some more confidence and he continues on a good groove. This was by far his most effective offensive outing of the season.
Rexanilatorz::West and Hibbert combined to shoot 7-31 wow
Rhino5643::who cares, they won
Mattnimp14::Wizards need a FULL HEALTHY roster and they will start winning on the regular because all these games have been winnable for them
taiwandude::If Paul George can have 20 points a game when Granger gets back and Hibbert gets out of this funk I think the Pacers will be in the top half of the east again. Gotta just survive until Granger gets back.
roy hibbert grand ol kisser::woohoo! im naked!!!
jwright520::vogel needs to go
jwright520::pacers need to go on a 5 game winning streak
andrewwinters74::Typical Wizards B.S.
HawkeyeColts89::ah skeet skeet
Rexanilatorz::whew we win!!!
Chris Broussards source.::Wow again. We just can't win close games. Or any games for that matter.
Mattnimp14::Wizards just can't catch a break for shitsakes
andrewwinters74::Let's go Wizards!!!!
tyrex999::sooo close
CamOverRG3::Bad shot selection
Chris Broussards source.::NOOOO
Mattnimp14::DAMN IT
ontheinside712::I've got my box of tissues handy.
Mattnimp14::Attack the basket!!!
chocomil25::Okafor is boxing out Hibbert with one arm, i saw it, thats pathetic
Chris Broussards source.::I could have made that 3.
Jayswillbringit::FU Hill/West/Hibbert! Now a dagger 3 by the Wiz. I've seen this ending before..
tyrex999::come on wiz!
RaysAreTerrible::Paul George awful player.
Rhino5643::RaysAreTerrible idiot person
Hoosierhawk18::Not really. I guess if you don't watch basketball you would say that
taiwandude::two missed opportunities by the Pacers STORY OF THE SEASON
ontheinside712::WOW
Chris Broussards source.::LES GO
CamOverRG3::Hibbert couldn't secure a rebound over 6'4 Bradley Beal
Rexanilatorz::GOTTA BE KIDDING ME
Chris Broussards source.::WIZARDSSSSS
Mattnimp14::Wizards cannot lose another close game, please lord give us this one
cheek241::Lol
Hoosierhawk18::This is beyond annoying. One game, I want one game where the Pacers do not have to win a game by less than 10
