djarodyankees2004::We gave Rudy no love at the Rose Garden. Booed him every time he touched the ball.
Antony2471::Out of five categories for stat of the night, two spots belonged to the Blazers, who continue to be a beast offensively and defensively.  Batum with four blocks and Wesley with FIVE three-pointers! Sure, the bias will continue: Oh, they were at home.  Oh, they haven't played good squads.  True to an extent, Los Angeles (both squads) are going to be overrated all season because the NBA wants to make them appear legit, but Portland is and will continue to be the sleepers out West.  Shutting up one naysayer at a time.
leftyman39::Well, many of you Denver fans were right; the Blazers would give up over 100 points to the Nuggets. What many of you didn't expect was that you would also give up 111. Great game last night by both teams and may the Blazers continue to win.
Antony2471::Blazers against Oklahoma is going to be the best game of the road trip in my opinion.  Blazers have the better point differential with a +11.7 to +4.3 for Oklahoma, but in four games, Durant has hit game winners in TWO OF THEM.  If Portland doesn't play hard from the opening tip and keep the pressure, they won't be as lucky as they were in the Philly game with their free throws.  Because Durant WILL make you pay.
Joe six pack and a bag of chips::George Karl vs. Nate McMillan.
Antony2471::Now that I look at who the Blazers play in the next three games, it really is up for grabs what happens.  They play the LAKLONES and Oklahoma.  Portland is half a game behind them, and they are two of the three teams in the West still undefeated (including a Paul-Less New Orleans).  The Clippers are being groomed to be the new beasts of LA, moreso than the Blake Griffin Fan Club of last season.  Lakers? Kobe isn't 100%, and it isn't the same squad this season.  I do see Steve Blake being a big factor in that game though.  If Portland can withstand the Clippers, and somehow, somehow beat Oklahoma, they win this road trip.  I see them getting 1, maybe 2 wins (and that's a big maybe, Oklahoma is beast this year)
Antony2471::And yeah, yeah, biased idiots are going to say, it's three wins against weak teams.  Sacramento beat the Lakers they day before us, We beat Sacramento on the second game of a back-to-back against Philly, and we blew Sacramento out. The same squad that we thought was going to be pumped up to win another game against a big West squad.  Denver? They had their moments, even tied the score late, but tying the score isn't good enough.  But that being said, they do need to come out strong away from home, if not to pick up more speed and momentum, to shut the idiot haters up.
Antony2471::That's true.  People keep saying that oh, he kept the team alive against Dallas.  Nothing against Brandon, he played his $@% off for the team, but while he kept the team ALIVE, that one game may be what officially killed his knees.  Jamal Crawford is apparently Roy 2.0, as they're close friends, so some are saying it's the Crossover of the torch.  Jamal is a streak shooter who hasn't found his groove yet, provided a nice game yesterday, but he needs to be consistent.  I think if anything, Wallace is the guy to carry the team.
Antony2471::The next game for PDX is Sunday.  It gives LaMarcus a couple days to rest his legs, if he wants to use that excuse.  It could be a 2-1 blazers, or 1-2, opposition road trip, depending on whether the Blazers continue with their same intensity.  As long as they are not the ice cold third quarter team they were last season.
OFrog::Biggest key is ending the Roy saga. Guy was just killing the team trying to make a go of it.
OFrog::Some might say, how many road wins?
Antony2471::The Blazers are going to be an epic defensive team this year.  So far, as a team, they have 23 blocks to an opposition total of 15.  7 of those 23 are from Camby.  Last night, Batum had four in a game.  In one game, Kurt Thomas took 3-4 charges in the first quarter.
Antony2471::Yes.
OFrog::That's quite the statement from 3 home games. Not that the Blazers play better at the Rose Garden.
OFrog::Epic?
Antony2471::Camby and Batum combine for 11 blocks.  Those two alone almost have more blocks than the opposition combined.
jahraffe3::I'm a big fan of Andre Miller and I think he showed again last night why Portland loved him and why some of us wish he were still with us. That said, I am loving the play of Ray Felton. Sure, he may play a bit sloppy from time to time and he may make a pass or two that he probably shouldn't, but his energy, hustle, speed by which he plays the game, defensive intensity, heart, and abilities to shoot the 3 and set up his teammates are invaluable additions to this club. I am really digging this squad! Rip City!
Antony2471::Wesley finished 5-8 from three point land? After that horrible start? Get er done son!
Ripcitysunny::i am suprised that the blazers again got to a 100 points again tonight. they have a chance for the nba finals. the have crawford, aldridge, wallace, felton, and matthews who all can score. they also have the kurt thomas who can score when blazers need him. the blazers should never have a general manager again! haha
gnosticat::Denver shouldn't have even been in the game....  With no preseason, games will be sloppy/read turnovers for a lil while... Can't depend on those 'gifts' forever though...  I'll count on rebounding much more, &amp; Nuggets got DESTROYED on the boards...  Good luck with that, Denver....  LMAO
iBLOUNTyoFACE::Wheres Tebow when you need him?
Willywalka11::the fact that portland gave up 25 turnovers and still won by 9, says a lot about the potential this team has this year. and not only were there 25 turnovers but they were sloppy passes and ball handling which lead to a lot of easy denver points.
CBass1317::Charging foul counts as a TO.  Seems like the Blazers had about 15 charges.
ripcityrising::Good thing they were at home, the next game is definitely going to need a tighter effort. Our pieces are looking good early, with some nice indications of the types of players we have, i.e. Wes snapping out of a funk and putting up an extremely strong performance. If Felton can come up with this type of performance, minus a few turnovers, Portland is going to have a number of options to share the scoring load. We could have a number of Impact players that on any given night take the game into their hands, and ideally they get the chemistry of knowing who that is on a given night, especially closing out games. Right now it looks like to me: LaMarcus, GW, Wesley, Crawford (too many turnovers last night, though), Batum, Felton(?). Camby always seems to impact the defensive end and a volume rebounder. Looking forward to seeing them get tested this week, before the Fakers come to town, it'll be my first use of my season tix! Repping 314, Go Blazers! A few blowouts would be nice to let some of young crew at the end of the bench get minutes and figure out how to contribute.
Timber Joey::And were the victims of some terrible officiating, at home nonetheless..
natesweet72::They were just a bit too jacked up to be moving the ball up and down. It caused them to be reckless with the ball. It does say a lot about their potential. I mean, any normal game and 25 TOs and it is a loss. To be able to overcome that kind of poor play is huge. It helps that they shot a good % from the floor.
bizzo.james::When does Oden come bacK?
twinstj2008::well he has played a grand total of 5 college/pro seasons and has missed well over half of the games...that seems like he has a history of injury to me.
natesweet72::He has missed well over half of his Pro games. But it is from two injuries only. Not from repeatedly injuring the same thing or anything. anyway, it does not matter. I have a bad feeling about it all. Like I am almost 100% positive the Blazers lose him, which seems appropriate, but I am having a bad feeling he will miraculously get better once he is gone. This Blazers team has had so many knee injuries over the years I really begin to suspect their training staff as doing something wrong.
twinstj2008::The problem with big men and bad legs is they never really heal well...that and Oden has always had a history of getting injured...remember he was hurt for the beginning of the season at Ohio St....I am not saying he will never contribute to a team in the NBA but really thinking that he is going to be a dominate force night in and night out is most likely a little to optimistic
natesweet72::I am not sure where you get the Oden has always had a history of being injured. Before the NBA he had one Hand injury. No previous knee injuries. He had surgery on his hip when he was a teenager  because he was growing faster than his body could handle. Those are the only things prior to being an NBA player. I would not exactly call that always being injured. His knee problems started because he chipped his kneecap in a collision and from there it just got worse until it needed surgery. Then the other knee went bad trying to compensate for the already bad knee. Although I will give you that most of his NBA career has been spent recovering from injuries.
twinstj2008::U really think Oden is ever going to play a major role in the NBA.  He follows the Bill Walton health plan...but he is no where near as good as Walton.
natesweet72::It is really easy and logical to dismiss his future possibilities at this point. However, he is still only 24. Knowing the Blazers luck, his knees will be great once they heal but he will be on another team by then. Recovering from injuries and surgeries to both legs, it's not surprising it is taking so long. He never had knee problems before the injuries and they were spurred on by a freak collision involving someone else's knee and a brace. I'm not saying he comes back to the Blazers but I do have a feeling the guy plays somewhere. And I have a rotten feeling he will play well. Just that the Blazers won't get the benefit of it.
Timber Joey::As a Blazer fan, I was impressed with Galinari.  Kid has game.
paul2285::Denver shot horribly, 4-20 from 3pt range and most of them were wide open shots, 40% for the game with a ton of missed layups. It seemed they didn't have their legs. Big game tomorrow at LAL, I don't think Karl knows how to use his bench yet.
jayeteee::When has he ever?
NBASantas::This is why the Blazers are going to be great this year: http://nbasantas.blogspot.com/2011/12/3-0-santas.html
BlazersWar::hope they keep winning, great things to come ... and L-Train didn't even play that well!
dduca37::I feel bad for Oden never can play
luveatinbacon::Sometimes the old timers have the hardest time letting go.
pdxrovermech::it will be an entirely different game when denver gets their players back from china.
Marlins35DTrain::Wilson Chandler is the only one coming back to Denver.
mandyross099::blazers ftw!! got me some money tonight!!
Rip_City27::Im done and Im out but Blazers are gonna e be a legit playoofs team and finals contender nuff aid less goo blazers
Rip_City27::and yes Im drunk but aint gonna stop me form sayin blazers a legit contnder and nba finals threat lmao
birdman._.::Is Nate McMillan  some kind of tebow coach?
Rip_City27::Obviously..
blazers234::yo greg oden playoffs that when we need you get healthy please
NBASantas::Dudes, the Blazers are a DEEP team this year. They could really make some noise and loom large! http://nbasantas.blogspot.com/2011/12/3-0-santas.html
Rip_City27::Playoffs is gonna be huge even if he gives us 10 minutes that would be awesome
LoveSkiing123::Blazers now have something they have lacked for many years...real "go to guys" who can put it in the hole at crunch time and make their own shots. Their old style was way too predictable and leaving it up to BRoy was playing into the other teams hands. Now teams can sag but with Felton, Crawford, Wesley, and Batum being able to jack up three's and hit them on a consistent basis, teams can't leave the shooters alone. Add in Crash doing what he does best and LA shaking off some rust, all we really need is Thomas and Old Man River Camby to stay healthy and the second round should be a no brainer. I say trade Oden...the man never showed me anything...he was clumsy, had non-existent skills and we made a huge blunder taking him over Durant. Time to admit the mistake and get something before he leaves and we get nothing.
Antony2471::It goes without saying.  Jordan WOULD NOT HAVE BEEN JORDAN if the Blazers would have picked him.  He fit better with the likes of Rodman and Pippen.  Sure, Scottie was a Blazer at one point, but that goes outside of my point.  Say if Drew Brees was playing with another squad, not the Saints, or if Derek Jeter was not a Yankee, they would not be the player they are, or were.
iBLOUNTyoFACE::You know the Clippers are better then the Lakers right?
Lakermagicshowtime::want to hear of a blunder? taking Sam bowie over jordan
luveatinbacon::Good one. Never heard that before.
Lakermagicshowtime::ahh bs i been hearing this for so long
127decibels::Only 3 games, but Portland has the largest margin of victory in the West at 11.7. OKC? Only 4.3. They're also the second highest scoring team in the NBA.  Where it ends up, who knows, but McMillan has sure shut up the haters about how he would never coach a running team (and those same haters forget about his Seattle teams too).
Rick P. Johnson::Portland has played great and looks to be a contender in the West, but like you said, its only been 3 games. I mean Portland has played Philly, Sac, and a Nuggets team on the 2nd night of a traveling back-to-back....all at home. And not sure why you're bringing up OKC. They are 4-0 against much better competition and have won two tough traveling back-to-backs.
Marlins35DTrain::Yep. I wouldn't get too excited about beating Philly, Sacramento, and Denver on the back-end of a back-to-back at home. All the Blazers did is exactly what they're supposed to do. Defend the homecourt against inferior or in the case of last night (tired) opponents.
ptowncboy::Blazers all the way!
wayde1213::wayde1213 at home blazers take this 109-102 Last Week  Like  Reply  Flag  Edit  should have put money down oh well
PortlandBlazers1004::We have three semi tough opponents in the Clippers, Thunder, and Lakers. If we can manage to win all of those or at least 2 of the 3, you can expect big things to come. I can see us finishing top 4 in the west. We have so many options. Our front court of Aldridge and Wallace carried us in the first 2 games, and now our back court won us this game. How many other teams have options like us?????
NBASantas::I think they can go 3-0 in that stretch again: http://nbasantas.blogspot.com/2011/12/3-0-santas.html
wayde1213::clips and lakers we should beat okc will be close
TheBandwagonMan::I have incredibly small junk.
kjrox444::i know they have all been home games, but the Blazers are for real.
NBA_refs_are_weak::wait, so you guys can see them too? $@%!$@% thank god
Slurm Soda::Well they aren't imaginary.
Slurm Soda::I hate being alone.
Sixers1234567::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zFHu-ji3QfE&amp;feature=related
Slurm Soda::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qm1osmEK3f8
CBass1317::2 of 8 from the field, 1 of 5 from three .... denver fans, say hello to your new shooter, Rudy Fernandez!  Dude is terrible.  Allergic to defense.  We know all about it in Portland.
iBLOUNTyoFACE::Rudy should go back to his mama
BasketBalljon3s::It not what we think, it's what we know. I was at this game, awesome game! Rip city baby
CBass1317::Yes.  I am happy he is gone.  He is not good at all.
127decibels::And it matters far less what you think.
CBass1317::Whatever ... he sucks.
Slurm Soda::IT DOESNT MATTER WHAT YOU THINK!
Slurm Soda::Is that what you think?
TheBandwagonMan::Portland &gt; Denver   That's just for the LxAxWxSxOxN guy!
ericp6565::btw what does home field advantage have in basketball, its not like football with crowd noise/ false starts
ericp6565::go portland !!! wait till oden comes back :)
LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::its easy for portland to be 3-0 they havent been on the road yet
BasketBalljon3s::sounds like a personal problem.
TheBandwagonMan::Do you need a tissue for your tears???
The Beard of Paul Allen::Stay classy, Denver fans!
Slurm Soda::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQschA2lC_Y
TheBandwagonMan::Slurm- You did NOT just say that?
Slurm Soda::What is your name?
TheBandwagonMan::YES!, He did say that!
Slurm Soda::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XO93Edk7xtw&amp;feature=related
LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::ugly people
LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::portland is full of molesters
TheBandwagonMan::Yeah, that's why I choose to NOT live there. Plus the surf sucks in Portland!
LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::for one game
127decibels::...and the rest of your natural lifetime.
Slurm Soda::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XO93Edk7xtw&amp;feature=related
TheBandwagonMan::Wow! I was REALLY doubting Portland coming into this season, but they might actually be for real??? It's a BIG IF, but if Oden can come back this season and play well, this team has a chance.
Sixers1234567::True. Marcus Camby is old and has injury concerns himself so not having Oden would hurt if he were to go down. Plus You need to cover the Andrew Bynums, Marc Gasol's, and Tim Duncans of the WEST. I know its a big question mark but If Oden can come back at any point during the season and actually be healthy I would pick this team to go to the WCF
Sixers1234567::Thanks. The Blazers don't NEED Greg Oden but him coming back would definatly be a solid addition. Oden hasn't played in a game since December 5, 2009. (his last knee injury)  I mean if he hasn't been able to come back in over 2 years i'm really beginning to have my doubts.
TheBandwagonMan::Good point, but we need another big to really compete
Sixers1234567::The Blazers were my sleeper team this year. I picked them to be the #3 seed in the west come playoff time and so far so good!!!
TheBandwagonMan::Good pick
LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::Lawson &gt; Felton
LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::ohhh i did
Slurm Soda::What is your name?
Slurm Soda::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XO93Edk7xtw&amp;feature=related
BRDenverFan626::I have to say this was a pretty good game (besides denver losing). Sloppy, but pretty close throughout. Good game Portland, they play great D and have a very good fast break. This series will be good.  Anybody else catch the Thunder/Mavs game??
ericp6565::only if the blazers could get a healthy greg oden playing at his best they would be the team to beat in my opinion
ericp6565:::P
ericp6565::lol i can still have faith, he is a beast when he does play :\ top 5
Slurm Soda::I know I was just wanted to do that to someone.
Slurm Soda::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XO93Edk7xtw&amp;feature=related
127decibels::Well, later Nuggies fans. Good game. Better ending. See ya'all next time.   Go Blazers.
5baker05::Nuggets really need a crunch time guy.. lawson stepped up but.. gallo not so much
Tha L3GEND::Karl needs to use Farried in replace of Mosgrove seriously! Also let Brewer take Rudy's minutes. This guy plays tough defense and runs the fast break, what Denver wants.
Slurm Soda::Please talk too me we are the only ones left.
5baker05::ya well karl neglects to play anybody but the lineup he used last year in the playoffs which didnt work
Tha L3GEND::Gallo, Rudy, and Harrington couldn't buy shots. Even open shots!
127decibels::I actually see a lot of similarities in Portland and Denver.  Both teams like to push tempo. Both teams have athletes that get into the lanes. Both are seriously underrated and overlooked. Both teams lack a guy like KD or Lebron, but have 8-9 guys who can really play.  That's just for starters.
cowpoke85::I agree about Portland doing really well, but still a lot of uncertainty and fast-paced situations sometimes things breakdown. They will get better and better.
cowpoke85::Blazers are still adapting to a new style of play and a lot of change. Hard to come into a new season with no training camp and as much change as they have gone through. They will grow and better adapt to their new game play. The turnovers will go down...
127decibels::I've been saying that all along. Go back and check my post before this game. I said that Portland would probably win but have a hard time because Denver had been together for much of last year while Portland has 5 new players who contribute. It's tough to come together that fast but Portland is doing it pretty well so far.
Tha L3GEND::Blazers Rebound Blazers can make open and contested threes Blazers take good shots Blazers play good rim defense Blazers turn the ball over too much :(
Slurm Soda:::(
Rip_City27::Welsey Matthews &gt; Aaron Afflalo.. PEACE
Tha L3GEND::365 days a year baby! Except on leap year ...
cowpoke85::Crawford and Miller bring so much different to the game it is hard to compare. I love Miller's ability to open up an offense with his great vision and veteran smarts, Crawford is a great scorer that can come spark a flat squad. It is really hard to compare the two...
Marlins35DTrain::That's what I was thinking.Crawford is more of a two guard anyway, so they're not really comparable.
Tha L3GEND::Just think of it like this: Who helped his team win or atleast try to win? Crawford! Miller is a great role player or 6th man.
Marlins35DTrain::Crawford&gt;Miller? What?
cowpoke85::Will people please stop saying Oden... it is discouraging to think about... I wish him the best, but he can hardly be counted upon...
Tha L3GEND::@Ryanvdonk: You crazy?!  Thomas &lt; Harrington (I guess so....)  Batum &gt; Rudy  Crawford &gt; Miller  Chris Johnson = Chris Anderson  Who cares about the rest 'cause George Karl doesn't even use them.
ryanvdonk::wilson chandler...in march (crap that's a while away)
cowpoke85::I honestly might take Lawson over Felton at this point, but the rest of our players I agree on.
Tha L3GEND::Felton &gt; Lawson  Matthews &gt; Afflalo  Wallace &gt; Gallinari  Aldridge &gt; Nene  Camby &gt; Mosgrove (What's the point of this guy except picking up early fouls? :D)
Tha L3GEND::Plus: Nolan Smith and Oden when he comes back :D
127decibels::I agree that Lawson &gt; Felton (normally) - I wanted the Blazers to draft him. But Portland's bench is every bit as strong as Denvers. If you don't know that, you're seriously mistaken.  Crawford Batum Smith Thomas  That's a strong bench.
Tha L3GEND::Felton is a better team player, but Lawson can score and shoot better. Take your pick. Felton fits better with Portland. Wesley plays tough defense and rebounds. Afflalo plays defense but rarely rebounds, which is what Denver needs.
Marlins35DTrain::You're off your rocker if you truly think Felton is &gt; Lawson. I'd say Afflalo and Matthews is a push as well.
ryanvdonk::you got the first one wrong...though ill agree with the rest.  denver's advantage is when you compare the next 5.
Marlins35DTrain::haha, you're alright dude. Just don't generalize so much ;)
Rip_City27::Alright man see ya next denver portland game
Marlins35DTrain::Damn, dude, I was gonna say you've seen the light!
Rip_City27::Nah its a classic
Slurm Soda::There is still time to change Denever
Rip_City27::lol forgot about the edit button
Rip_City27::.
Tha L3GEND::Rip City Baby! Blazers gonna by the shocker team this year! I don't know what all this rubbish talk about Portland going no higher then 5th spot. In my eyes they're 3rd or 4th. Anyway, Portland is all team and heart. 50 rebounds, 20 assists, 9 blocks, 91 % free throws?! All team work and heart. Only problem is that Batum should have played more and that the turnovers could have been less. Otherwise, this is deep play off playing style!
23Gundy123::he was amazing in college though!
23Gundy123::in my opinion oden is at his ceiling already.  i think he will only be in the league for another year or two.  one more injury away from retirement
cowpoke85::If Oden doesn't get on the court and perform by season's end I don't care if he is on the roster next year... He could go to another team and be the best center in the league, wouldn't phase me one bit, just tired of pondering upon what could have been. I want him to succeed, just tired of holding out and hoping for something that may never come...
23Gundy123::They should cut their losses with Oden.  Cant stay healthy.  It doesnt seem like they are missing Brandon Roy too much
Tha L3GEND::Oden?! Who's that?! Jk! Yeah, maybe, depends on whos doing good.
23Gundy123::Batum should play over Oden when he comes back
127decibels::...IFFFFF....he comes back.
DenverDiehard35::Looks like wesley matthews and crawford can carry the team, and looks like felton was a good player. still had a chance to win it we just couldnt pull away, good game tho players stepped up for portland and no one but lawson wanted to score. good game all, got practice in the morning got to get to sleep. both teams will see each other later in the season and we can do it all over again, stay classy!
BasketBalljon3s::This guy was hatin on matthews sayin waffalo or whatever his name is was miles better than wes. Yea guess you ate your words on that one. I don't even care if you still believe it, cause we all saw what really happened. I'll take wes any day over that guy, and ill take crawford over anyone on your bench as well.
ryanvdonk::there wasn't a question that ray was a good player, BUT he plays almost identical style to ty just not as good (at least not as much upside). miller is a better fit for denver as he plays a different pace which creates contrast between the two PGs...seems like it was a better trade for denver though as they were able to get the talent jordan hamilton out of it.
Tha L3GEND::Yeah, finally a honest statement. The problem was that Rudy, Danilo, and Harrington couldn't knock down open shots. Plus, Nene was the only rebounder. Timofey Mosgrove had 1 rebound! :D
127decibels::I know you Denver fans are lovin some Rudy, but you're gonna find out that he will never consistently knock down open shots. Heck, every time he had the ball tonight I was shouting "SHOOT",  "SHOOOOOOOTTTTT!!!"  I play ball with my boys sometimes and if we want to throw the shooter off, all we have to do is yell "Rudy Fernandez".  Works everytime.
127decibels::Agree.
cowpoke85::Finally a good comment from a Denver fan. Goodnight and good luck to your team the rest of the season. Gave Portland fans a scare tonight, there are going to be more games like this between these teams to come this season.
michiganwolverine777::Damn. Come on Denver!
DeezBalls19::I hope this isn't another season of the Nuggets not being able to rebound, just put in Faried thats why we drafted him
Tha L3GEND::Hey, that's what you get when Timofey Mosgrove starts right?
DeezBalls19::Nene is just mad now because Faried has cooler dreds
Tha L3GEND::Nah man, Wallace has cool dreds!
CuseDawg79::Faried's a hustler, i was hoping Portland took him in the draft
Tha L3GEND::We don't need him, we got Wallace! And Marcus Camby!!!
DeezBalls19::That would be nice Faried needs minutes
Marlins35DTrain::Karl is a moron. Getting killed on the boards and we have the NCAA all-time leading rebounder in Faried and 7'1 Koufos on the bench, not playing a minute...Koufos needs to start over Mozgov and Faried needs to replace Birdman in the rotation.
CuseDawg79::ive got some mean gas from these jalapenos i ate earlier
DeezBalls19::The burn more coming out than going in
woofers02::Bring on the Flippers, so sick of ESPN crowning them the champs already. LMA OWNS Griffin on every head to head. No way will they be able to hang with Portland's length.
Rip_City27::Denver fans just dont get it I guess..
DeezBalls19::Denever, classic
DeezBalls19::I can't beat epic classic it's too epic
Rip_City27::Epic classic
DeezBalls19::extremely classic
Rip_City27::too classic
DeezBalls19::so classic
Rip_City27::classic
Slurm Soda::You are basing your opinion on a whole group of people off what one person said, that's like me saying the whole Blazer fanbase is full of arrogant illiterate idiots who thinks Denever is a place based off your actions. But I know not all are like that.
Rip_City27::T'was
DeezBalls19::oh s.hit that would be scary
Rip_City27::sledgehammer
DeezBalls19::What were they attacking you with?
Rip_City27::one person?? haha I had 7 nugget fans attacking me all at once you obviously werent there
Marlins35DTrain::Have you not read any of my responses?...Quit trolling, man. Some of us are being completely rational
Marlins35DTrain::I know, but you're just generalizing a lot.
Rip_City27::I aint talkin to u bra
