Westley West::lol i remember when people use to say Ricky Rubio was better than Kyrie Irving, man that was funny.
George Chip Thayer::Only twolf fans said that.
Robert McNeill::Well that and stats,,,http://www.basketball-reference.com/players/i/irvinky01.html http://www.basketball-reference.com/players/r/rubiori01.html
Rob Horton::See you in the playoffs...Oh, wait...no we won't!!!!!!!!!!!
Jonny Ash::Go Wolves let's make it 4 in a row!
Darnell UhatemebcusIclownyou Jackson::Hahaha
Nik Budig::http://cdn1.sbnation.com/assets/3506427/heyspike_medium.gif
Nik Budig::Gotta Love K-Love.
Steven Censored::Cavs are far from a bad team and unlike the timberwolves we actually play defense! Hate to burst your little bubbles but the wolves are in trouble!! Welcome to Cleveland baby!
Ben Schwarz::You Cleveland fans are just butt-hurt because Lebron left your run down city.  When KG left we didn't cry about it.
Brad Conteen::WHO?
Prime Minister::Ben Schwarz you sound mad cuz you lost lol
Michael Laudenbach::k-mart: 5-8 from three, rest of wolves: 0-20
E.j. Fink::Kevin Martin= most undervalued under respected player for the last 10 years.  Most casual nba fans don't even know who he is.. Yea, he's atrocious on defense, and needs to rebound more, but the guy is literally in the top 10 in career ppg since LBJ came up in 2003.  K mart is a good dude
Taylor M. Branum::Cavs all the way no doubt in my mind
Brian Adams::Solid win for Cavs...Lebron to return to Cav after next season!
Minnesota Sports Memes::Wow, you Cavs fans are sure delusional.. And Kevin Garnett is going to come back to finish his career in Minnesota... Not going to happen, move on.
Brett Reid::That's what you call a solid win ? then you sir are a moron. they barely hung on, Mike Brown had a turtle head poking out the last five minutes.
Mark Mirando::My son said there was a rumor out on twitter a few months back that they are in the process of bringing out a new LeBron shoe due out in 2014 called "The Return". Hey I do not care about his transgressions of yesterday. I want a championship actually many in all sports real soon. Best player in the game.
Jeffrey Reed::Go Wolves! :)
Dantin Morgan::Sorry Timberwolves. I thought you would go 4-0 tonight but I was wrong. Great effort though. You almost came back being down by several points.
Mark Aaron Collado::It was a good game. As long as Twolves rest up take care of home court against a good Warriors team
Brett Reid::Kevin Love has is costing the wolves big time, selfish plays , jacking up 3's with people in his face. is he playing for him or the wolves..
Tyler Stenberg::Arguably the worst team the Wolves will have played so far, but that means nothing when you are playing a back to back on the road. Should be a good one! Hope the Wolves blow the doors off of them early as they have the past 3!!
Bryan Rex::what are you smoking?  Cavs are a playoff team this year son...
E.j. Fink::Worst team??? Hahaha. Please stop talking if you actually believe that. If you're just trying to be a troll thats one thing. But the Cavs will more than likely be the 4 or 5 seed.  Try actually watching a couple games, check out some rosters, etc... Bc wow...just wow
Patrick Wolberg::E.j. Fink 4th or 5th?  Well let's see, Bulls, Heat, Knicks, Nets, Pacers...that's leaving you to battle between the 6-8 seeds.  Set you guys up nicely for a 1st round against the Pacers/Knicks/Heat.  1st round playoff exit and no lottery picks.  Good luck!
Michael Maiorano::anyone that had the cavs - 1 1/2 is so down right now..mike brown is a slug, irving is overrated and bynum is a pretty good bowler.
A.J. Yowler::those that took the Cavs straight up are happy
Andy P Kordyban::Can someone tell me why the Cavaliers took Andrew Bennett number one overall? Is it because he is Canadian?
Westley West::uummm because they wanted to take him number 1.
Shayne Haag::What has me scared is the fact that Cleveland is a bad team.  I'm worried we'll overlook Cleveland and drop a winnable game.
Devin Baranick::That was last years Wolves. This years team should know better that they need to play hard every night and close out games in the second half.
Chuck Kreiner::Are you actually Minnesota T Wolves fans talking like this?  I guarantee a win tonight and a higher Cavs finish at the end of the year!
Chuck Kreiner::Ahem, T Wolves fans.  And by the way that Rubio is gud!
Mike Plummer::Every time Kevin Love puts up a double double Derrick Rose gets another MVP vote.
Nolan Hughes::ANTHONY BENNETT: Soon to be the JaMarcus Russell of the NBA
Steven Censored::I can't wait for Bynum to get back to playing at a high level.....Kyrie isn't playing his best ball yet either, when those two clicking this will be a dangerous team! One thing is for sure defense is becoming the identify of this team and we have a deep bench. Bennett will improve and team will grow into a solid playoff contender.
Rob Horton::Down by 1 at the end and you shoot a 3 after JJ basically carries the ball?  You want to run a set play then put rubio back in the game.  JJ is for creating Havoc and running around.
Devin Baranick::Yeah I have no idea why they didn't try to get it inside. Love is great at drawing fouls, no clue why he was standing out there when only down by one.
Poetry Man::Caviliers will bring the wolves back to earth tonite...double digit loss for Minnesota...tonite....
Nik Budig::Sooo, what are you smoking? everyone knows minnesota has talent they have just been snake bitten by injuries every year, you see when they are healthy they can dominate.. and when the Cavs are healthy well... there is a reason James left.
Curtis James Bliss::Nik Budig  the Cavs have 1 player from the LeBron era (Andy). And we dont know how good the Cavs can be. We know Kyrie is an All-Star, and when healthy they have the deepest and one of the most talented big man rotations in the NBA.
Poetry Man::Cavs won't lose at home to a team like Minnesota....over achievers I say...
A.J. Yowler::Bynum only playing 18 minutes is what kept the Twolves in the game..  great to see him have such am impact so early in the season
Westley West::Man i feel sorry for Kevin Love, he is going to end up like KG and waste half of his career on a team that will go nowhere.
Nikola Peckovic>Chuck Norris::all you little cavs fans better hide cuz the godfather is coming in the second half!!!!
Westley West::roflmao yeah way to name a guy who has yet to accomplish anything in the NBA yet. The only thing that looks little out there is the Wolves (sorry i mean puppies)
Nikola Peckovic>Chuck Norris::we'r on 2nd half of a back to back....you are 1-2...nuff said next matchup we win by 20-30 ROFLMAO im so cool i can do that to browskizzle
Westley West::Nikola Peckovic>Chuck Norris roflmao whatever makes you feel better about yourself. Keep making excuses and the Cavs will keep beating you.
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::stop shooting it you stupid russian.. your brick layer
Monte B-Way Karloz::TWolves!! 30+ 1st qtr points again
George Chip Thayer::Came close.   Hahahahhaha
Steven Censored::Lol Sorry son!
George Chip Thayer::Well they got that much in the 1st half.
Edwin Garay::over or under 196? anyone?
Victor Fondeur::Over
John Kaufhold::197.5
Monte B-Way Karloz::Over 100%
