Jeffrey Kinneman::As a Golden State fan I really appreciate the Jazz for taking Richard Jefferson, Andre Biedrins and their massive contracts off the books so the Dubs could go out and sign Andre Iguodala. We couldnt have done that without the Jazz. Iggy turns Golden State from a 5-6 seed to a 1-4 seed. They are now true title contenders. Good Luck tanking Utah, I hope you get the best player in next years lottery. I am not  so sure it is Wiggins.
Darren Kehrli::It's not, it's gotta be Julius Randle or Jabari Parker, Wiggins isn't that far off though. Either way, this years lottery is big time.
Jeffrey Kinneman::Darren Kehrli of course the 1st pick might be determined by which team has that selection. 3 months ago everyone thought Wiggins was a no brainer. Now that some college games have been played he is no longer the automatic choice. I think Parker is going to be good, I think they all will. It is a good problem to have if you get the 1st pick. WHoever as 2nd and 3rd pick will be happy too.
Maurice Calhoun::Marvin Williams is a grade A douchbag . Why would he purposely jump on his head like that.? What a bi(t)ch!!
Brandon Couch::Lol it was totally unintentional
Tom Amato::Brandon Couch not really, when you look at it in slow mo, he turns his him into curry's head has he falls.  He was trying to put more umph behind the hit.  It was a a bogus move.
Maurice Calhoun::Ive seen the replay too many times to think it wasn't intentional . Was jumped on his head nobody pushed him and he didn't trip. I'm disappointed none of the warriors did anything about it.
Roderick Sutherland Barclay::Warriors are the best team in the NBA
Darren Kehrli::I appreciate your enthusiasm.
Roderick Sutherland Barclay::Been a warrior fan forever. So glad to see this turnaround. Our ownership was so bad for so long.
Taylor Manes::Warriors is not the best team in the nba...u forgot about the heat and spurs and indiana pacers...do youmean one OF the best teams in the nba? Than youre correct
Adam Bruening::Classy move by Harrison. Your team can't get anything going, so you squash the head of the opponent's star player. No way he didn't have some kind of intention behind that
Nate Fischer::You mean Williams, but yeah
Adam Bruening::My bad. Don't know why I said Harrison
Steve Broome::It was pretty obvious. Typical Jazz dirty play.
Joshua Cruz::the stats here are wrong. Dewayne dedmon did come in. he played for about 2 minutes before getting benched again
Chad Wiggins::bogut is awful offensively...
Nate Fischer::Good thing the Warriors don't need his offense.
Darren Kehrli::He's not on the team to score points.
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::shuda went wif warriors -8 :(
Jack Cruz::Warriors will win 120 to 90
Colby Black::Go Jazz!
Jamie Homewood::jazz by 60.
Adrienne Carr Barnes::Only 60?
Paul Dolmage-Heath::Dirty play on Curry. Frustration tactic. More like he made it a point to land on his head with momentum instead of trying to avoid it. He fell and then turned right onto Curry's head. Where is the team enforcer. The refs need to protect Curry like they do the floppers like Chris Paul or James Harden.
Eddie Sneeh::Good game for Diante Garrett off the bench...  Too bad that 3 didn't go in... I think he'll get better and better with more playing time!
Seal Rchin::Goes to show you that most people do not know what they are talking about. Before the season everyone was saying that 76rst will be the front runner for the Andrew Wiggins sweepstakes..............turns out Utah is leading with authority on that.
Steve Broome::Plenty of people talked about the Jazz being awful when they got rid of Jefferson and Millsap, it's just that the 6ers getting rid of Jrue Holiday happened later in the offseason.
John Jones::warriors will win !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Jr Eastwood::pahl you are a idiot  nobody want to get hit curry little it was a bad play nobobys to blame this game was a blow out Utah cant play with the warriors
Ron Schaffer::Utah has some nice players. Unfortunately, the Western conference is loaded with superstars, and nice is not enough.
Lights Godown::I remember last year when Jazz fans ran their mouth all year about GS tanking the end of the season to steal Utah's pick....I guess that worked out in favor of 1 of these franchises
Brendyn Scott::How can you deny that GS did tank?? Harrison Barns should be playing for the Jazz right now...
Lights Godown::Brendyn Scott I dont deny it at all, just happy where the Warriors are currently at.
Mike Hendersen::You guys already have Hayward and Favors. Where would Barnes fit?
Kenny Sterrett::Anyone remember the blowout by Houston last year at ESA? 45 point destruction. I think the Warriors might make a run at that record tonight.
Kenny Sterrett::Ahhh, yeah!! The Tank is in the house!! Corbin sits Burks so the shorter and slower Lucas can finish the half at the same time Curry is starting to heat up.
Collin Simpson::Utah shouldn't even show up tonight. It's embarrassing to get ran out of your own gym. Utah should have never poisoned the well...(MJ)
Joseph McNeal::I will take the Warriors in this game but I think it is going to be a lot closer game than the one in Oakland. The Warriors play bad in Utah for some reason.
Bobby Bowcut::Doesn't look like it now. Utah is getting destroyed
John Martin::Warriors looking good but probably need another good bench player to make a deep playoff run.
Eddie Sneeh::Agree, even with Barnes coming off the bench this year, last year's bench was much much better!
Eddie Sneeh::I don't know what M. Williams was doing, he was too far from the ball to reach it - no need to land on Curry's head!
Peter Knowe::at least you can count on the Blazers and Utah this year as one wins and the other gets blown out
Joshua Pace::No fear Greg Miller went to the locker room at half. That should cure this disaster
