Gotham::Knicks are getting much better in 2014 with 5-1 record and the scary part is that Chandler, World Peace & Pridgioni are still out but when they do come back, the knicks will compete even harder. First 30 games all in the bad, terrible & atrocious 2013 with 9-21 record. Now the next 30 games in the new year the Knicks are on course for possible 25-5 if they keep this great pace for redemption 2014. Smith is back and hopefully he learned his lesson. Amare' is now playing like $100 million man. Like I said when every Knick is healthy at the right near playoffs. Knicks will make some noise.
Are you a Dude?::The Knicks have the talent to be a top 5 team in the East. They have looked terrible for most of the season, but the haters that say they are no good are just wrong. If they can start clicking, take good shots, play defense... They will be in the playoffs and they will have success. Miami vs Indy in the East Finals.. but NY is not a lottery team... especially cause they have no picks!
justice and peace::I love reading that Amare is scoring from Carmelo's assists. Now that's something new!
Chibs or Bel::Agree.  Am not a knicks fan, but if they continue playing as a team and playing defense, they could really be a top playoff team.  Its good to see Carmelo having 7 assists.  In the beginning, he would have points and rebounds.  NOw he sets up team mates with his great assists.  That's the way to go.
L.E.S. the lower::This clown called Truth Be Told,only comes here to trash a win at every level.Whether it's a contender or bottom feeder.He receives more hidden comments due to low ratings on the Knicks and Rangers board. To even answer his delusional state of mind is worthless.So either you can mute him or just give him the thumbs down.He knows nothing about sports,and even less about New York sports.And that children,Ladies and Gentlemen is THE TRUTH BEING TOLD.....
Sanam S::LOL the knicks win 4 games in a row and suddenly theyre contenders again... while Knicks fans (the most annoying in the league) are celebrating their small sample size win streak they seem to ignore the other teams AHEAD of them playing equally and if not better then them. Toronto and Brookyln are both on fire right now... its a long way to go, i'd have more respect for Knicks fans where i didnt see comments like Knicks are going to 25-5 rest of the way.
Glenn::Knicks showing signs of Life, be disappointing coming out of here with a loss.
Vartino C::New York needs to continue their good play...Cannot take a backseat to a team that is struggling. Play with the same urgency and smarts. Keep JR on the bench
Jasey::You know what i don't understand..People like talking about Melo FG % like if his offensive skills aren't deadly..Seriously Melo has more offensive moves than Lebron..Lebron passes it and everyone praises him for it#$%$..And lets talk about Lebron passes now..When was it OK to compare Lebron with Magic? Lebron has one of the worse assists/turnovers ratios of all time when compared to Magic,Stockton,Jackson..Magic has 10141 assists and only 3506 turnovers. Lebron has 5535 assists and 2652 turnovers..
Knickschamp Tumblr Com::Good to see Amare playing well, we need him in the Playoffs, Miami will not be able to handle Amare since we all know that the Heat are soft in the middle.
