Z-DevWill::Ugh... this was one ugly basketball game... bad shooting, turnovers... the teams combined to shoot 54% from the free-throw line, no less.  I kept rooting for the Wolves to come back and beat my Suns so we can get a few more ping-pong balls.  I'm a little PO'd at Rubio for missing 1 of 2 free throws at the end that might have won it for the Wolves in regulation, but he did help them get back in the game with his hustle.  Side Notes:  -Has anyone figured out what is going on in Michael Beasley's head?  He clearly has skills but just as clearly has little to no passion for the game.  -I like Gortat, but am convinced he would no better than a 3rd or 4th option on a good NBA team because he is not consistently aggressive for a guy his size.  -I was scratching my head when the Suns picked up what I thought was a washed up Jermaine O'Neal, but it appears the Suns training staff is working another miracle as he has played VERY well in a reserve role.  -Kendall Marshall - "Slow with no shot is no way to go through NBA life son" - Coach Vernon Wormer  -If Rubio ever delelops a consistent shot he is going to be an all-star...
luvnbayes::Ricky Rubio is averaging over 4 steals a game in the last slew of games, and that doesn't beging to cover how disruptive he is on defense.  He absolutely needs to improve on his shooting and finishing, but he is one heckuva player now, and will get even better.  I think Rondo is the only point guard in the leauge who is even close to Rubio on the defensive end.
Orange Trump::Chris Paul
luvnbayes::Three things.  Fans knocking Rubio -- get a grip.  His energy and sheer will got the Wolves back in the game in the second half.  Yes, he shot horribly and played his way to  exhaustion.  But he was +10 for the game, his teammates once again couldn't hold up their end.  Second, the Wolves didn't miss AK-47 one iota.  And third, by definition someone has to be the worst player in the league.  I nominate Greg Stiemsma.  Another terrible signing for a lot of dough by David Kahn.  Shouldn't he have thought twice, considering the Celtics were terribly short handed of post players and still just let Stiemsma go?
Louis the III::wher are my Dwill haters at?
luvnbayes::Okay, I qualified as a Dwill hater.  And I admit he is improving.  He's gone from dreadful to hopeful.  But his instincts are still very poor.  But he can score, no doubt about it.
mnsportswopwopwahhh::Poor Ricky he's never lost this much and he's going to become super emo now
ChazzyJoe::That's pretty sad when it takes overtime for both teams to break 80 points.
WalleyeOfTheTiger::Thanks for beating us Phoenix.  That was a close one.  Wolves have to lose out to get a decent lottery pick.
htabbach::The guard play for MN has been just terrible, Rubio 2-12, Shved 2-9, Luke 3-11, man they are BAAAAD!
MinniWolves90::Terrible officiating in this game. I'm not blaming the refs, because it was terrible for both sides. All I can say is the refs must've bet the under.
bstanto_08::Twolves need to leave MN....everyones sick of them here
MNkittenmittens::what an atrocious basketball game.  wolves need to tank the rest of the season, not like they really have a choice in the matter
fbbscr10::ricky needs to start taking care of the ball.
gooseydan::Need I say anything? Too bad....I will. How are you MN fans feeling this a.m.?
Z-DevWill::T-Wolves fans should be feeling good... another loss in the quest for more ping-pong balls... I am a Suns fan and was rooting hard for the Wolves to come back in the 2nd half... Suns fans should be rooting for 2 things, Suns losses and Laker losses...
ksjameson::Too busy enjoying the rest of my life to let a silly basketball game dictate my happiness.
Brickyyy Rubio::trade bricky for a jar of salsa
playmakerzam::dont hate too much on rubio, for sure he needs to work on his jump shots, but other than that he can pass very well, not just normal passes but flashy ones too that only a few can do. Plus What i like about him is hes a pretty good defender too, and he has quick long arms for stealing(hes consistent at that) plus his only 22? still very young but with a lot of pro ball experience, he has a lot of time to work on his game
Brickyyy Rubio::thats the problem. bricky has had years of experience and he cant shoot worth dog poo. he'll be a back up to some guard next year.
fbbscr10::u stupid
Brickyyy Rubio::bricky sucks. simple as that
jisangNY225::Ricky Rubio sucks at shooting and turns the ball over way too much. I think he's somewhat overhyped to be honest.
mnsportswopwopwahhh::He is the greatest basketball player to ever touch a basketball in the history of the world
cameraOV707::somewhat? people were calling him a top 5 PG? he's a great passer but really nothing eles is special
MinniWolves90::Um... Nothing special about his defense?  Please, he's a freak on defense.
ClayGold::This was a really crappy game. The Suns just happened to suck a little less
LilDwayne21::Minnesota needed to win this game to make a good shot at the Playoffs. Now they're screwed. Even if they pick up their 21st victory later on in the week, it won't be enough for a playoff run.
crooked ernie::of all the games, the wolves should of taken this one.  and to add insult to injury, wes johnson does well. wtff! what the flying f.u.c.k.!!
BoxingFanatic_444::why is rubio so bad at shooting? wouldn't you think he would work on his shot?
All time leading scorer::Minnesota stop traing your picks away
Kev_010::their scouts suck.. Almost every player drafted after the wolves ends up better.
VikingsRavensMN::Why the $@%! does MN owe the Suns a first round pick?
BeastFromTheEast23::Don't worry, it's top-15 protected for 2013 and 2014; top-12 protected for 2015 and 2016... if they Wolves still aren't out of the lottery by then, well then David Kahn will be thankfully gone and the roster will be totally different. So who cares.
arizonasting13::Wes Johnson trade... haha
bustinyomouht::SUCK IT AHAHAH
bustinyomouht::LOL GOTA LOVE IT
Kev_010::again no one wants to score... Rubio can't score and they made him try to score twice in OT wolves should just purposely lose games
MinniWolves90::Derrick had nice stats tonight, but he had several defensive lapses. His missed FTs ended up being huge, and I'd like to see him have at least a couple assists in 40 minutes! He had none.
MinniWolves90::On the other hand, he was the only offensive player I had confidence in tonight.
bradwinsall::all you twolves fans realize we don't want to win games at this point right?
MinniWolves90::You're crazy. There's no way in hell I could root for them to lose.
MinniWolves90::$@%!$@% !$@% Another heartbreaking loss, and another big rally that came up just short. I can no longer defend Rick Adelman at all, I don't get what he's trying to do out there.
will-i_am::he's trying to move to seattle to coach the kings #easywayout
boilermaker52::Did Haddadi play?
McCoyLaw88::SHAAAAAZAM
arizonasting13::AL! OH BROTHER
PHXsuns4::what-a-shot, what-a-burger. sends 50 bucks to suns charities
jank6708::Suns have Wes Johnson &amp; Michael Beasley, maybe next year we can give you JJ Barea
arizonasting13::yay *claps*
Dances With Timberwolves::GG
caluke1521::Suns need to play Wes more, i feel like this has been his first opportunity to shine
jank6708::lol............i hope your joking, he was awful for the T-wolves Rubio can shoot better then him
Dances With Timberwolves::I miss Denard Span. :(
jank6708::Byron Buxton is going to be good
jank6708::T-wolves can't have their starting PG shoot 2-12 for 4 pts..............just pass the ball Ricky, DO NOT SHOOT I REPEAT  D O    N O T    S H O O T ! ! !
jank6708::oops forgot to turn off Caps lock
Dances With Timberwolves::it needed emphasis no worries
Dances With Timberwolves::He'll just turn it over, then. Sick of this 5 TOs+ every damn game.
Dances With Timberwolves::I like his defense+rebounding and that is it. He's terrible all around offensively.
jank6708::HE IS A GOD AWFUL SHOOTER
arizonasting13::Seriously, Im jumping off the bandwagon after this embarrassing win.
Dances With Timberwolves::Enjoy your win.
Dances With Timberwolves::Blow the whole team up. Literally just do it. Maybe keep Derrick Williams.
PHXsuns4::wherever this explosion happens..can Sarver come too?
Dances With Timberwolves::Depends if he's traded to us. Otherwise you need your own explosives!
jank6708::LOL
MolasseScorpion1986::Do all T'Wolves fans have cat avatars? Is that some kind of protest on the way they're playing this season?
Dances With Timberwolves::Not all, just the better ones. Wolves suck, but they're not tied to the pics.
timberwolves guy::Only the Wolves can lose while holding their opponent to 11 points in one quarter.
timberwolves guy::Ricky's steal rate in unreal. Unfortunately, so is his FG%.
Dances With Timberwolves::and his turnovers
Save money Live better Wal Mart::is that a cat or a raccoon?
Alabamian666::How come Rubio stinks?
howdytherrrr::probably the beard
Dances With Timberwolves::Think I should stick with the Twins, Wild, and Petersons. This Wolves team just NEVER improves. It constantly sucks! Why bother? Nearly a decade of suckage!!!
timberwolves guy::The Twins turned themselves from a contender to a joke in one year. Don't count on them winning anytime soon.
Save money Live better Wal Mart::haha Petersons
roiboy33::i had dragic over 7 assts.he had 5 at halftime and only got 2 in second half plus ot.amazing
mattcowboys77AD::I am very impressed with the amount of comments on this board. Kudos to the fans of these teams and good game.
arizonasting13::We are true fans
Save money Live better Wal Mart::lick my nuts
mattcowboys77AD::sure i like them salty
Je5teR777::Phoenix will win the Championship next season....       *Mercury
PHXsuns4::Griner is the man!
Kevin_on_a_cob::With that horse woman on the way
roiboy33::did anybody watch the game how the hell can you only score 11 pts in a qrt
mattcowboys77AD::pistons scored 9 in a quarter. you really have to be sucking bad.
Save money Live better Wal Mart::Tom Chambers just kinda looks like a scumbag
Je5teR777::Mark Jackson is that you?
Kevin_on_a_cob::Best dunk of all time
torrtis::Next, Beat L.A. Then continue tanking.
Not Not Got Teh Ban::yes to this. beat LA
mnsportswopwopwahhh::more like spark LAs championship run is what we do
mnsportswopwopwahhh::GOPHERS!
