drtyshame::Only 3 out of the 16 fouls that Indiana committed against SA were of the shooting category, while 14 of the 26 fouls that SA committed against Indiana were of the shooting category.......that's what wins games.  This is a ploy that the refs resort to when favouring one team over the other.  The coaches can't say anything and the players can't say anything.  On the surface it simply looks like 16 Indiana fouls to 26 San Antonio fouls.   I think Indiana could have taken the game without the ref's lopsided calls.  I'll be checking the box scores very carefully hereafter on those teams which usually and regularly receive ref's "benefit of a doubt" calls.   But like I said before I think Indiana took have taken this one.
Austin::Tiago Splitter was a +6 tonight in just about 9 minutes and left the game with the injury midway through the 2nd quarter when the Spurs were up by 11 points. I'm not saying the Spurs would win if he's on the court, but it wouldve been a much closer game, possibly coming down to the final seconds to decide the win. The Pacers offense just destroyed the Spurs after Tiago left the game. Tiago is a great interior defender, and losing him made it a lot easier for the Pacers to get good looks and draw shooting fouls.
Homer Fudd Jr.::I've been one to criticize Indiana but they are no joke this year.
fcbonilla::Very impressive night by the Pacers starting five.
fcbonilla::Come on Indiana,  get it together.
Ngoo Nam::Looks like the Spurs need some adjusting to do. Paul and David virtually demolished Tim and Kawhi at their positions!  And the Spurs best rebounder other than Tim was Patrick at 6 feet flat!!  If that's the best the Spurs can do against the top in the East, they might as well give up and just go for the lottery! (Of course, the tournament is just a month and a week old, so there's still time to adjust).
it is what it is::The NBA doesn't care.  They won't allow a national broadcast of 2 small market teams even though they have the best records in the NBA and are division leaders.  They would rather show the Knicks or the Lakers losing to college teams than show an actual basketball game that has 1000% more merit.  Their promotion of the NBA is pathetic.  Stern must be praying every night that these 2 teams don't meet in the finals.
Dogtrainer7::WOW! 7 players scoring in double digits Age is definitely starting to show in the Spurs organization  Love my Pacers
D'Devil::Young talented teams such as the pacers and trailblazers... are bringing to light the old stiff legs of the spurs and lakers!
Bartlett 59ers::These are two of the top teams in the NBA and it's not on national TV. I have a feeling they will never meet in the finals, not on Stern's watch!
