Bulls greater than all teams::This was my favorite game of the season because of the game-winner by Derrick Rose.
ThiscantbeAwesomebeast222::Bulls suck
joah5454::TOO BIG TOO STRONG TOO FAST TOO GOOD!!! MVP AT THE BUZZER!
jmattw2891::wish bucks games looked less like bulls games.  soooo many chicago fans there
John Paxson 123::This is how much Skip knows.     http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZlI5Rx5sc3E
John Paxson 123::Hi!
dipsjob::The Heat will not make the Eastern Conference Championships.
DRoseIsSexy::Wait are Miami Fans really coming on here to complain about OUR FTAs? How many did the Hawks have last night in the first half vs the Heat?
BIGGDOGG2425::What are you saying????  Heat Fans like the Bulls, but why are the Bulls Fans Hating on the Heat, when know SKIP BAYLESS and company are now starting to HATE on D Rose and the Bulls,  Did you see what that DUMB A$$ said about D Rose.  HE know that his HATE on LeBron James is getting old and know he is going after D Rose.
BIGGDOGG2425::Bulls Fans!!!!  You are telling me that you have the Ba!!s to keep talking about the Heat, when the Heat had sent y'all A$$E$ FISHING last year and beat y'all this year.. I like D Rose, but he have to take that Michael Jordan out of his game, and put that Isiah Thomas in his game, because you are not going to beat the Heat in the Playoffs, Hogging the ball.
ChicagRose::he was 2 rebounds away from a triple double..
DRoseIsSexy::HE had 11 assits last night.....
ChicagRose::lmao, hogging the ball? go check his APG and get back at me...
ChicagRose::I strongly urge you to go look at Rose's APG vs James APG. And no, when i think of "king james" i think of a choke artist
BIGGDOGG2425::When you think of D Rose, you think of him putting up points, not passing. Just like King James , you think of him passing 1st, not doing everything else.
treyvon490::miami heat fans act like the heat are the 96bulls they are not unbeatable and the bulls will beat them come playoffs
mrhandy25::Hell, the Heat fanboys wish that they could be the 2011 Mavs, forget the 96' Bulls!
C2Poke88::Maybe the buzzer-beater isn't necessary if D-Rose wasn't clanking it up in the first place?  That game-winner was the first and only jump shot he made the entire game.  I can't believe a guy who went 8-22 from the field and 0-5 from 3-pt range is being celebrated like he did something special.  The only reason he had a high scoring night was because he was gifted another 14 FT attempts in the game.
mrhandy25::That particular jock sniffer is a big time LeQueen nut hugger
lanthony5::dude you sound really stupid he did do somthing it's called winning the game when it counted the most how about you $@%!
Choose your member name::Sounds like another LeBron a.s.s licker thats more worried about stats than actually winning the game.  He at least had the balls to put up the game winner after having a horrible shooting game. LeBitch wouldn't even touch the ball if that was him.
gques17::damn, thats one nice step back game winning jumper!
Cadillac-Too-Cold::The Bucks should've fouled him
Danny74068::Yes... probably a better stragety... had than been Wade guarding, Rose would had left the game with a broken nose..
RyanCarranza::You know what's really great and us Chicago fans need to do from time to time... We need to appreciate the fact that Chicago basketball is relevant in a big way again.  We need to appreciate what Derrick is doing and how well this team is backing him up.  I am just enjoying the moments.
Mods h8 Winterfresh98::True, hopefully we see you guys in the Finals.
lovesports3409::I don't miss a game.Love it.
supreme91::I wish I can do what Rose did last night -Lebron James
mrhandy25::I wish that I knew what it felt like to be an NBA Champion   LeQueen James
C2Poke88::I wish I could score in the 4th quarter against Lebron  - D-Rose
C2Poke88::I wish I knew what it felt like to be the NBA Finals  - D-Rose
C2Poke88::I wish I could beat Lebron in the playoffs  - D-Rose
Mods h8 Winterfresh98::2 uglies bumping uglies
Mods h8 Winterfresh98::Sorry, Gloria
lovesports3409::Is this supposed to be funny? I missed it.
Mods h8 Winterfresh98::LBJ wishes a lot of things
Danny74068::Or that he had gone to Chicago... He'd be wearing a NICE Diamond on his finger.
RyanCarranza::West did the dirty deed with LBJ's mom.
dabears8606::Honestly...how true is that rumor?
dabears8606::Like that Gloria and Delonte never met?
dabears8606::Do you remember when deng stole the ball from LBJ and dunked on him in the open court last year?   That was awesome....
soldier00013::and after the Taj dunk they did not win another game.
dabears8606::Just a reminder that you are not walking through the Bulls this year...like many Heat fans think
lovesports3409::Take pride in winning and going TO THE FINALS AND LOSING.
lovesports3409::I have it saved on DVR!!!
dabears8606::Taj's over Wade was better though
RyanCarranza::Lets hope he can do it several time this year
lovesports3409::Some think that NY Knicks will beat the Bulls in the playoffs, what does everyone else think?
bcnewcomiu05::lol the knicks are not even .500, nobody with a brain thinks they can hang with the bulls
Danny74068::If anything... The only team that may give us a run not counting the HEAT since they are obvious is Pacers and Atlanta... On the west... well I guess OKC..
Danny74068::You really think so.? I dont think they'll beat us in 7 games but I think they'll make us work for it.  Last year they kept the games close till the last few minutes.  Atlanta however is hard to tell..... one week they are contenders and then the vanish.. Even though they lost last night..it was a great effort.
lovesports3409::I agree. It will be a tough road for Bulls fans.
RyanCarranza::Indiana will need to make a trade to take out Chicago.
soldier00013::4-1 bulls at worse but most likely a sweep
RyanCarranza::4-1... Bulls take that one easily considering defense isn't the top priority for NY.  They have no chemistry either and it seems like their coach likes to run Lin into the ground.
Danny74068::I think they need to get off the pipe..  I don't have anything against NY.. but that's just crazy talk.
dabears8606::NY does not play enough D....
MarcusXP50::The Bulls are the only team that can beat the Heat in the east so with that said I crown the Bulls as eastern conference champs.
Mods h8 Winterfresh98::Wow, the Bucks????
RyanCarranza::Miami lost to them twice... Bulls swept them this year.  4 - 0.
dabears8606::I think we can agree that the 1 and 2 seeds in the East will be Mia and Chi...  And that will be the ECF matchup, which I think Tom T will DOMINATE Eric with gameplans to get and keep Rose involved.
soldier00013::all the game planning in the world will not help if someone else does not show they can make a shot. Rose cannot play with Lebron on him and to say otherwise is just ignorant. So what you guys need is for Lebron to have to guard someone else.
dabears8606::If he did, Rose would wear him out more than normal
RyanCarranza::God I hope you are right!
soldier00013::chalmers does a good enough job until then
dipsjob::No way LBJ guards DRose for four quarters.  Maybe the last four minutes in the fourth quarter.  The damage will be done by then.
dabears8606::No....at the end only
dabears8606::Rose is shooting much better, the gameplan (i hope) will play to Rose's strengths and find a way to get easy buckets...not iso vs LBJ at the top
lovesports3409::He will NOT PLAY the entire game on him, like Iggy did.
RyanCarranza::I sure hope so...
RyanCarranza::Yeah, but what's done is done.
dabears8606::BTW that 4 point play that Wade hit last season....TOTAL GARBAGE
RyanCarranza::To the Heat Trolls...  Derrick Rose made sure that his team didn't have to say they lost to Milwaukee at all this year.  You all just better pray that Milwaukee doesn't make the playoffs this year and have to play your precious Heat.  This is the same Heat that struggled to beat ATL who was without Horford and Joe Johnson
dabears8606::I think the Kinicks have a better shot at the Bulls than the Celtics
dabears8606::I hate the Knicks still
RyanCarranza::I like Jeremy Lin... I just hate that he is in NY!!!
lovesports3409::Me too.
soldier00013::i will always hate the knicks because of the 90's
RyanCarranza::Do you fear them?
soldier00013::is not about fear is about hating their fan base because they want to talk about titles they were not alive to witness.
soldier00013::everyone has a bad game buddy. but we will see what happens, the playoffs are coming real soon.
lovesports3409::Good man.
RyanCarranza::I hate Boston sports... I dislike their town... I don't even mention I am from Chicago anymore when I go there.  Turns into a stupid battle.  Whenever I meet people from Boston at the bars in Chicago, I buy them a brew.
lovesports3409::That's a given. From my perspective.
dabears8606::I dont hate BOS becasue I dont fear them....
RyanCarranza::I think MIA fans and CHI fans have one thing in common... We both hate BOS!
soldier00013::hey at least we can all be happy that the Heat will take the Celtics out in the first round.
RyanCarranza::Oh they are coming... I cannot wait.  Gonna be really fun!
lovesports3409::I liked this and would've more if they let me.
MarcusXP50::Judging from their record....the Bulls are a pretty big deal.
MarcusXP50::True.....this team is loaded and will be a problem for any team that they face.
kfoges03::yeah but that doesnt matter to him, a win is a win unless lebron has to take the final shot, in which case its a loss
soldier00013::they also have played one of the weakest schedules thus far.
Tird Furguson::Then shut up until the playoffs get here. Go to your own board, kiss Bron's @$$ and get a life.
soldier00013::don't get me wrong i do give credit, they are doing what they are supposed to do and that is beat up on the bad teams. i just don't think that you should make more of it than it actually is, plus the regular season is not that indicative of playoff success.
lovesports3409::SSHHHH don't talk about that.
dabears8606::And lost to the Heat by less than 10 without Deng...
MarcusXP50::Stop it already......give credit when its due. Don't hate.
dabears8606::In an NBA season teams fin themselves in a position where you are on the road and playing down to the competition (or missing two gaurds from your rotation) and you need to pull one out.  Dont discredit what Rose did because it was the Bucks, come on Heat fans
Whatshop::Imagine being a Milw Buck and the Milwaukee arena is filled with Chi Bulls fans screaming taunts at you in your house.  Bucks haven't had a center this whole year with Andrew Bogut out and they beat the Heat twice and gave Bulls a run for their money last night.  ESPN listed players out this game and didn't even mention the fact that Bucks best player and CENTER didn't play.  They get no respect and they STILL played a damn good game.
soldier00013::i have seen only about 10 real heat fans on these boards and that includes myself. please do not lump us all together as one. trust me no one Hates bandwagoners more than real Heat fans. I hate that when we were 15-67 there were only about 5000 fans at the games but if we win the finals this year there will be 200,000 a-holes at the parade.
kfoges03::the last group of fans that should say anything about a close game with the bucks are....... Heat fans
smoody FTW::If you want a player to carry the team down the stretch in the fourth quarter, we find that James, not Rose, boasts the winning track record in the clutch.
John Paxson 123::NAHHHHHHH. Rose is shooting above 40%, James and Wade are a combines 8-27, or something close to that. You lost. Now leave, you make up facts.
RyanCarranza::smoody... You lost to Milwaukee twice
lovesports3409::Smoody, you're best player can't perform. That's disturbing.
RedBirds1711::stats say different
smoody FTW::to bad it seldom comes down to a last heroic shot for the heat, we WIN our games on skill not a buzzer beater
John Paxson 123::Het fans, get off. You're all a bunch of losers.
smoody FTW::LeBron shuts down D rose. get mad
lovesports3409::Watching the Philly game, I don't think LBJ wants any part of D. Rose.
dabears8606::And Rose will transform his game t play vs much larger players.
lovesports3409::D. Rose is the business. Stop it, just stop not trying to recognize it. So all the haters need to take notice (which I think the players have, it's they're crazy fans).
lovesports3409::Sorry...
LosHeatSonLosMejores6::*their
Dr Killapatient::their
soldier00013::you know what i really don't get? How you so called bulls' fans can stroke Rose so much when you watched a real MVP play. Jordan was an a-hole but his work on the court in undeniable, yet some of you want to put Rose in the same sentence.
crocket1516::please stop your lying non-sense no bulls fan ever said that
Miami Heat Fins Marlins Canes::Who the hell did that! Whoever they are they should be punched for stupidity.
RyanCarranza::Who ever said that?  You are just trying to cause problems.
dabears8606::well they are drunk then
soldier00013::believe it or not some of these bulls' fans have put this on here
Dr Killapatient::I know right... No comparison...
smoody FTW::they are young kids
smoody FTW::Wow Chicago beat the bucks, Rose want a cookie?   Heat &gt; Chicago
RyanCarranza::CHICAGO 4- 0 vs. Milwauke...
lovesports3409::But you brought it up....
RedBirds1711::Whats the heat's record against the bucks this year? Oh that's right, terrible.
RedBirds1711::hahaha, changing the subject because you lost your original argument, classic heat fan.
smoody FTW::whats Chicagos record agaisnt the heat this yr? ohhh..
Miami Heat Fins Marlins Canes::Its ashame it took a buzzer beater to beat them.
Jaywashing::You can't be serious.
Miami Heat Fins Marlins Canes::&lt; m &gt;$@%!$&lt;/ m&gt;
Miami Heat Fins Marlins Canes::$@%!$
soldier00013::ok here you go bulls' fans i found the article that talks about Lebron's 5-12 and others. Enjoy.   http://espn.go.com/blog/truehoop/post/_/id/29844/page/airjordan/todays-crunch-time-best-vs-air-jordan
Dr Killapatient::Rose didn't even sniff that list...
soldier00013::well in his defense he has not had any opportunities in the playoffs yet.
Miami Heat Fins Marlins Canes::<em>$@%!$</em>
Dr Killapatient::Its the bucks.... Big whoop
OlPally::espn spot-shadowed lebron last night in the 4th quarter when the game was close.. no-where to be found!! i rest my case..
OlPally::that's nice.. i'd still rather have kobe then lebron any day though
smoody FTW::http://sports.espn.go.com/nba/truehoop/miamiheat/columns/story?columnist=haberstroh_tom&amp;page=KobeLeBronclutch-101222
WiscCHISportsFan12::I'm out everybody. Peace.  Bucks &gt; Heat
log jamming::why is chicago so happy, they just beat the bucks, on a game winner. milwaukee should be cheering.
OlPally::we're happy lebron didn't take that shot.. he would have missed.. rose=clutch. lebron=choke artist
OlPally::so are you..
soldier00013::OlPally = waste of space
WiscCHISportsFan12::"Why did I resign with the Heat to play with this choke artist? Should have returned to Milwaukee and signed with the Bucks."  Dwyane Wade
Thetruth694::Honestly speaking when will the Bulls organization understand that they will not be able to win a title until they give D-Rose some help? Richard Hamilton is the solution? lol Come on man...
Willmays87::dam i love this comment!! thats the dam truth. i dont like this current team. we need help not alot but better play makers!
Oaktown1029::Very nice move by Rose at the end! - can't stop that!
cellus24::D rose early today at the bulls shoot around talking about the mvp race  this guy is so awesome i really do like that guy http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IWAKQCdGY3o&amp;feature=plcp&amp;context=C4e69b07VDvjVQa1PpcFM_Ho1febcdAJ5PlFsQ6oJJyisKwCg9NoU%3D
WiscCHISportsFan12::"I was amazed last night watching Derrick Rose do two things I can't do regularly: hit a game winner and beat the Bucks."  LeBron
Willmays87::"i always seem to fail when my team needs me the most..."              - Lebron James
soldier00013::oh well but i did hold him to 25% shooting in the ECF.   Lebron
smoody FTW::http://sports.espn.go.com/nba/truehoop/miamiheat/columns/story?columnist=haberstroh_tom&amp;page=KobeLeBronclutch-101222
WiscCHISportsFan12::Dirk &gt; LeBron
lovesports3409::You keep saying last year...hmm? He continues to show he is NOT the man in the 4th.
Thetruth694::Lebron shut down D-Rose and the baby Bulls Finals chances last year. Sorry...
soldier00013::he sure did choke last year.
lovesports3409::LBJ will choke in the 4th qtr.
Thetruth694::D-Rose will get shut down just like last year...Bow down
WiscCHISportsFan12::"But you couldn't stop me."  Brandon Jennings
mikedogg08::some live in the past, some dont.....
WiscCHISportsFan12::ESPN = Eastern Sports Promotional Network
ChicagRose::Its funny how quickly people forget how many games Rose has played this year, and what our record was when he wasnt playing...
ChicagRose::you're missing the point.... we are a good team with or without rose. he's just the icing on the cake
Willmays87::ok lets just get rid of rose completly and see what happens...
ChicagRose::yep. 7-3. including beating a team by 20. and people still think we need Rose to win games...
farcus2::did we lose 3 and i watch almost every game....
Evolver30::T-6 days...
lovesports3409::Heat fans on Bulls board = SCARED!
Willmays87::to the dallas mavericks of all teams! you were supposed to sweep them! they were supposedly too old to keep up with the young heat! hahaha suckers
farcus2::before that series the bulls were 4-0 against that team from the south that no one cares about....
Thetruth694::@olpally yeah right. Keep telling yourself that big guy.
lovesports3409::MIami lost....what didn't you understand?
OlPally::you watched the mavericks celebrate on your home court with the NBA title.. how does that taste? i'd rather lose in the conference finals then the NBA finals on my own home floor any day..
Thetruth694::While the Bulls watched from HOME!!! lol
lovesports3409::You lost...IN THE FINALS!
Thetruth694::When it counted most what happened?...Exxxxxactly.
Thetruth694::lol scared of what? The baby Bulls are gonna get man handled just like last year in the ECF 4-1. Did you forget who's your daddy?
lovesports3409::Feel sorry for yourself because we're not giving up nothing.
Thetruth694::Actually they're even better this year than last year. I really feel sorry for the Bulls again this year. Maybe somewhere down the road when the Heat get old they'll have their shot at it. Until then, let's be real.
WiscCHISportsFan12::Doubt it.   Bucks win in 5.
Thetruth694::I will admit that this season they've had our number but come playoff time, they'd be no match.
lovesports3409::Keep hanging on to last year...so sorry for you.
WiscCHISportsFan12::Bucks = Heats Daddy
BRYAN955488::like always
WiscCHISportsFan12::22ND BEST RECORD IN THE NBA!!!!!!!!!!!! 15-24!!!!!!!!! FEAR THE DEER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I LIKE TO EAT.::lame...
farcus2::Lebron is 5-12 in clutch moments??? I would like to view your stat sheet.... and by the way 5-12 =failure...
Willmays87::but didnt you just call the other guy a dummy?? wow contradicting yourself lmao  good one
Willmays87::yea kobe has also been in the league 7 more years than lebron james idiot. but lebron is so scared of the last shot that that percentage will probably stay the same haha. also kobe has 5 more rings than lebron so it really doesnt matter
soldier00013::name calling nice. don't be mad at me i am just pointing out the stats.
soldier00013::these stats are coming from ESPN. i will look the article up for you guys.
farcus2::I can make things up as well... like my buddy sitting next to me is 10-10  thats the best in the world...  I'm not in 6th grade dummy... stat source please???
mikedogg08::show me 5-12 with PROOF... you are on BS
soldier00013::5-12 = 42%, league average is 29% Kobe shoots 28%. you sir are a dummy.
mikedogg08::i would trash heat "fans" about this or that... but i dont acknowledge you guys.... you are garbage "fans".... you dont know crap, you show up late, you leave early, you text the whole time.... how bout you go to a game instead of just run your mouth...
mikedogg08::i meant trash the HEAT b-ball team....
soldier00013::yeah when all else fails, call us all bandwagon fans. i have been a heat fan since 94 you know this but whatever makes you feel better. Also, us real fans hate the bandwagoners more than anyone else.
mikedogg08::not old enough, but nice try!!!
soldier00013::sure thing buddy, let me guess you were a bulls' fan before Jordan right?
mikedogg08::when all else fails, CLAIM to be one of the 5 that were there before bron.... ya, we ALL believe that
farcus2::BEST RECORD IN THE NBA!!!!! 33-8
RavensGirl_Gina::What a great shot by Rose last night.  Imagine how many championships Memphis could have racked up if he stuck around all 4 years.
lovesports3409::He was a true freshman, so I would imagine he would dominate college bball just like he has the NBA. Get over it people.
I LIKE TO EAT.::-1
farcus2::at least 2...
I LIKE TO EAT.::0.
WiscCHISportsFan12::0.
