James::By the way, when the Nets get the game to the stage where they don't need buckets and are just trying to use up the entire 24 second clock, Evans needs to be in there.   He is always good for some extra possessions with his unique combination of size, strength and desire on the boards and on defense.   Of course he should get his other shifts and he needs to come out when it gets down to the fouling stage of the game, but him coming in with like 5 or 6 minutes to go should be like a warning signal to the other times to really suck it up.   Go Nets!!
John::I watching this game and realizing LBJ fouls and they don't call it and he has traveled at least 3 times and they ignore it.   It should be a 20-30 point game, but the refs are keeping the Heat in the game by ignoring calls they should be making and giving Wade about 10 free throws he didn't deserve.  Yea, yea, some of you are bandwagon folks and just love LBJ, but yes he travels a lot.  Anderson just got a gift too...
clint::Miami, it might help is Chris A. played 20 minutes or until he fouls out.
Hugh Jashole::Nets have a really deep team.  Alan Anderson was a savvy pickup.
heinzy k::Wow ... the Heat almost pull out a come-back even after the Nets were already on the bonus at 8:29 of the fourth.  Loved the calls
Cyril::Even though I'm not a big fan of the Nets, I can't help but appreciate the fact that even with all the All-Stars on the team, Pierce was the only one who played more than 30 minutes, while guys like Alan Anderson, Shaun Livingston, and Andray Blatche made valuable contributions.
AkTA::as a NETS fan, big ups to Norris cole and Chalmers, as much as the NBA wants to talk #$%$ abou these two guys, at the end of the day, these guys make up for the physical and bbal IQ by working HARD, HARDER than their opponenets. Big ups to those two, but thank god for the Nets winning, we sill need to tighten up our defense in closing minutes
Dennis::As bad as the heat played, Brooklyn barely got out alive with a one point win. Yup, a win is still a win. And the Nets are all feeling the same way Chicago and Boston felt these last 3 years everytime they beat the Heat in the regular season. And they all felt very different watching the Heat in the Finals - for 3 years straight.
Manny::It's like Miami playing last year's Celts, that's why it was close.
ChrisM::Brooklyn matches up a lot better with Miami this year and IMO the only team that can probably beat them in a 7 game series in the East. All the other Eastern Conference don't have the offense or play defense consistently enough. Brooklyn does both well. Also it looked like they had a lot more easy looks at the basket than Miami did.
