amaj::how was the game i heard the heat and the bulls the best right along with the lakers
Patrick80::Miami out played chicago but this was the first game of season and a home game for the heat. Im sure the next game these two play will be a different story.
Franklin::And I was fooling myself thinking my Dubs were the toughest matchup for the Heat given good health. I was wrong. All the talking heads saying the Heat need to worry because of all the size of their competition. Excuse me, but didn't the Heat already dispose of those super-size teams last year? Size might bother Miami but by no means makes them vulnerable. In fact if their subs play like tonight size and slowness of the competition is liability for Heat opponents. Cole was impressive with his handle and penetration. Beasley and Lewis never got off the bench. Oden and Mason didn't even dress. Frightening.
OneWiseWoman::No surprise that Miami Heat beat the Chicago Bulls!
scott::This new Yahoo! sports page makes it nearly impossible to follow a game online!
Infamousbliss::Love my Bulls...but the Heat dominated yesterday... Our defense was brutal and shooting horrid... HEat are steps ahead of my Bulls...Hopefully we can still catch up... I still think it will Bulls vs Heat in the EC championship...With HEAT winning in 6 and playing San Antonio again...but this time Heat will lose in the Finals... in 6
sda::Cole is nearly as athletic as a young Wade. Heat better hold onto him, he is going to become a pretty good player if he isn't one already.
sda::It's okay Bulls fans, you still have an 8-0 preseason record, no one is taking that away from you. NO ONE.
TinyT::Offseason: Bulls fans chanting Rose is back, Championship, #7 8-0 preseason: Bulls fans chanting #1 seed and Championship, best team in the league, offense looks better than ever, Rose is jumping higher and shooting better Pregame: Bulls fans chanting Miami's overrated and can't hang with a healthy Bulls team, we gonna blow them out Postgame: Bulls fans chanting it's just the first game of a long season, Rose isn't fully healthy yet, the offense was out of sync, refs, regular season doesn't mean anything  LOL
Jace::Can we all now give it a rest?  Chicago?  Another walk in the park.   What other excuses are you all going to come up now?   Show Miami some respects that they deserve.
