quilwill22::love ESPN misquoting Andrew Bynum. did they NOT see his interviews last night? There's a good possibility he'll be able to resume basketball activities in ten days. jeez, smh.
xBudRadx::Nick Young knows how to talk
terd fergusons hat::This article is supposed to be a recap of the game.  The first sentence of the article is completely inflammatory and innaccurate.  They have no source or quote or even a shred of evidence that anyone said that or it's even remotely true.  Today on the Philadelphia networks, Bynums said he plans on being back within a month with his last expected doctor visit on the 20th of December.  The writer made the first sentence up.
The_Iron_Fist::No kidding. On CSNPhilly just this morning Bynum told Dei Lynam that he will be playing this season.
Roy3667::Oh wow Bynum sure is doing great for the Sixers! Maybe he wouldn't be such a dumb $@% and injure himself bowling if he stayed with us in LA Howard is like 39% on Free Throws this season
POSTBUSTERSo_O::LOL@LAKERS
allcitypics::Nice to start to see the Sixers find a identity. That was the problem last year, you really didn't know who was going to do what on offense. Now it seems like they have a core to build on with Jrue, Turner and Thad. Bynum or no Bynum, I like where they are headed.
gregorywalts1966::Ive been using a betting system called SPortsbettingstar the past couple of months now. Im making around 2-3K a month profits using this system so far. If you search for sports betting systems on Google you will find the system on the first page of Google.
bamberg1977::Feel like Monroe had to 'get comfortable' again at the expense of Drummond. Monroe needs to move to PF 10-15 mpg. I'm not sure he's going to be great as a PF, but Drummond needs to become a major part of this team. No way Pistons continue to give up 104 if he's a key player. Watching CV out their tonight trying to cover pick and rolls and rebound was dreadful.
JimDetroitFan95::Give em hell, son.   nice effort.
garland77327::I bet these comments are interesting in english
denn19641::Seems 104 is present on the last three games for the Pistons.
LandonKeele::It's nice to see Holiday, Turner, and Thad all playing well consistently. But I don't think they can make a run in the playoffs without Bynum. Unless Hawes magically turns into an all star overnight.
garland77327::PED's wouldn't even help Hawes
Mumu8833::Enough hgh and he might be able to out muscle a SF
kidcudibrother::im out yo! lol at bspn, keep hope lil boy
kidcudibrother::bottom line, detroit sucks. what good r they to america? you have a public transport called "the people mover" LMFAO COMPLETE NONSENSE
F1GoBlue::As a Civil Engineer...many large urban areas have people movers.
BSPNs hearts SEC::kidcudibrother - bottom line, detroit sucks. what good r they to america? you have a public transport called "the people mover" LMFAO COMPLETE NONSENSE  ^proof temple students are morons
Eaglesaregreen::1 2 3 4 5 Sixers!
kidcudibrother::nicki minaj&gt;detroit pistons
BSPNs hearts SEC::kidcudibrother - nicki minaj&gt;detroit pistons  Pistons blow but worse than Nikki Minaj? Idk about that
jgillespie1210::We've got a real battle of wits going on here.
kidcudibrother::bspn, i bet you are scared shiiitless of going to detroit! wht r u repping so hard bro?
BSPNs hearts SEC::kidcudibrother - bspn, i bet you are scared shiiitless of going to detroit! wht r u repping so hard bro?  believe me, if I was scared I wouldn't be repping
kidcudibrother::Id rather catch an std then have to wake up everyday in detroit..
BSPNs hearts SEC::kidcudibrother - Id rather catch an std then have to wake up everyday in detroit..  ^proof that Temple students are morons
Mumu8833::http://collegeprowler.com/majors/actuarial-science/ It's listed as one of the top schools for actuarial science (either the best or 2nd best career in the US)
Philip3664::Why even argue with these idiots
-flyers-::I'd rather live in Russia than Detroit and Russia is a $@%! hole
BSPNs hearts SEC::-flyers- - I'd rather live in Russia than Detroit and Russia is a $@%! hole  ^Proof that Temple students are morons
trademarktaz::kidcudibrother u mad
kidcudibrother::Im going to go sightseeing in detroit--- SAID NO ONE
kidcudibrother::youve seen? didnt know you can see me! lol idiot
BSPNs hearts SEC::kidcudibrother - youve seen? didnt know you can see me! lol idiot  figure of speech buddy. Proof that Temple fans are morons
BSPNs hearts SEC::kidcudibrother - Im going to go sightseeing in detroit--- SAID NO ONE  ^proof that Temple students are morons
BSPNs hearts SEC::Actually Temple's #125 ranking and the fact that all the Temple fans I've seen on here are morons is what makes me think Temple is a crappy school
-flyers-::You said Temple is a $@%!$@ school because there are two people on here defending it but aren't you the only MSU student on here as well?  Guess that makes MSU even SHITTIER hahhaha
-flyers-::I see that MSU education doesn't really do much for you
-flyers-::A NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP IS A NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP
BSPNs hearts SEC::Either way MSU still has more...and the legit kind too. Not the poll kind like Temple claims
BSPNs hearts SEC::and how do you see that?
BSPNs hearts SEC::and you're arguing that the 1938 Helms Championship actually means something. You sound like a Michigan fan arguing that leather helmet championships mean something.
-flyers-::I see that just by the fact at how much of an idiot you come off as in your comments and you're obviously illiterate and need to learn how to read my comments.
trademarktaz::University of Detroit &gt; Temple in basketball right now
-flyers-::nice try
BSPNs hearts SEC::Kidcudibrother and Just let your soul glow prove my point that Temple is a bad school
kidcudibrother::whatever,  your mad msu sucks
BSPNs hearts SEC::lol compared to Temple, it's like Oxford
-flyers-::Hey BSPN, Temple's basketball program is the 6th all time winningest program in history.  Where's MSU on that list hahaha
-flyers-::YUP.  Won the NIT the year before the Ncaa tourny started.  moron
BSPNs hearts SEC::-flyers- - Did you read what I just commented?  TOP LEVEL OF COMPETITION.  Boy are MSU students dumb  And those Helms Poll Championships were the way to rank teams way back before all of this too...  also the NIT has been around for exactly 1 more year than the NCAA...
-flyers-::Did you read what I just commented?  TOP LEVEL OF COMPETITION.  Boy are MSU students dumb
BSPNs hearts SEC::that means as much as the Helms Poll championships that teams won in the 1930's...
-flyers-::If you could READ my comment says before the NCAA tourny existed.  It was the top level of competition MORON hahahhaa
BSPNs hearts SEC::wow. The NIT.
BSPNs hearts SEC::has Temple won a National Championship in basketball?
BABY IGGY..AKA BABY NIGGY ON THE STREETS::BSPNs hearts SEC Chicago is worse than Philly... ______ At what? Being fat? chicago is on a whole different level, philly is on that Baltimore/Seattle level, chicago is a top 3 city with new york and LA
just let your soul glow::Temple alum Bill Cosby trumps any alum from the great depression state of Michigan and their shi.tty MSU college.
kidcudibrother::hes just a famous face to put folks in the seats
kidcudibrother::at what, sleeping with the most dirty women?
BSPNs hearts SEC::he owns the Dodgers sooo...
BSPNs hearts SEC::Magic Johnson is more successful than anyone who's graduated from Temple.
Maniacpkt::he also couldn't read when he was in the NBA, just sayin
BSPNs hearts SEC::you can tell how sh*tty of a school Temple is by the 2 posters on here defending it...
-flyers-::there you go for who temple's produced
-flyers-::Care to explain how Temple is a sh*tty school?
BSPNs hearts SEC::kidcudi, just let your soul glow.
just let your soul glow::Likewise for the miserable MSU student
BSPNs hearts SEC::And Kirk Cousins is better than all of them
-flyers-::Terrance Knighton  Jacksonville Jaguars  Defensive Tackle    Steve Maneri  Kansas City Chiefs  Tight End    Andre Neblett  Carolina Panthers  Defensive Tackle    Bernard Pierce  Baltimore Ravens  Running Back    Adrian Robinson  Pittsburgh Steelers  Linebacker    Evan Rodriguez  Chicago Bears  Fullback    Brian Sanford  Cleveland Browns  Defensive End    Rod Streater  Oakland Raiders  Wide Receiver    Tahir Whitehead  Detroit Lions  Linebacker    Muhammad Wilkerson
BSPNs hearts SEC::-flyers- - MSU is one of the most overrated teams every year hahahha  Back to back 11 win seasons with a win over Georgia. And Temple?
-flyers-::MSU is one of the most overrated teams every year hahahha
BSPNs hearts SEC::who has Temple produced?
kidcudibrother::still LOL at you saying msu a great football school, what pros have they produced in recent memory?
BSPNs hearts SEC::I wasn't the one bashing Detroit. You were. I'm just calling you out for the morons that you are.   And Temple is <b> still </b> a sh*tty school. and you and kidcudi just prove my point with every post you two make
-flyers-::Because this is a SIXERS PISTONS board not a TEMPLE board hahaha I doubt you'd get admitted to Temple
-flyers-::And what school is that
BSPNs hearts SEC::I'm already at a school that's ranked over 50 spots higher than that joke of a school on the US News and World report
Sweet kick to the nuts Suh::I guess im the only Detroit fan that realizes our teams lose every $@%!$@% night.
Sweet kick to the nuts Suh::Im talking about present day.
BSPNs hearts SEC::I didn't realize this was true when the Wings were winning Stanley Cups...
aussieking2::$$$$$$$ 76ERS YEAHH TURNT UP
BSPNs hearts SEC::kidcudybrother- you're an embarrassment to Philly and Temple is a sh*tty school
kidcudibrother::nbc prez has more money
kidcudibrother::thats all you got? the current president of the NBC network graduated from Temple, hes a billionaire!
BSPNs hearts SEC::the current CEO of Quicken Loans graduated from MSU. So?
kidcudibrother::has if we care..mofo
BSPNs hearts SEC::Temple is still a sh*tty school
just let your soul glow::Says the guy who never went to Temple probably never traveled outside of his hometown.
BSPNs hearts SEC::got a full ride to Bama and go to MSU right now. And I have pictures to prove it.
kidcudibrother::lol a just, that clown prob has never step foot on a community college campus, let alone university
BSPNs hearts SEC::ranked #125 in the country. <b> WOW WHAT A GREAT SCHOOL</b>
kidcudibrother::what school did u go to? oakland university, mercy? LMFAO
BSPNs hearts SEC::Michigan State University. One of the top academic schools in the country with a top notch football and basketball history.  Temple is still a joke.
Sh4k4zulu::@kidcudibrother  meet me up at pats i'll buy you a whiz wit lol talking smack on an online forum = small genitalia
Sh4k4zulu::commuted back and forth from allentown to philly for 13 years with traffic can be over an hour but usually 45 mins
Sh4k4zulu::45 min drive not 2 hours :p
Sh4k4zulu::i grew up in allentown :) easy drive down turnpike to hit up egypt on the waterfront
kidcudibrother::LMFAO, THATS 2 HOURS AWAY $@%!$@%!
just let your soul glow::What part of Philly you from Shakazulu?
just let your soul glow::Sh4k4zulu - i grew up in allentown lol   Allentown hahahahaha
Sh4k4zulu::i grew up in allentown lol
kidcudibrother::hes not from the city, prob. from haverford or some suburb
kidcudibrother::u dont even live in philly, guarantee you live in bensalem or some $@%! like that
just let your soul glow::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=26HYxzOvMYw   Stay Classy Detroit stay classy
BSPNs hearts SEC::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qs9Pyhinv6k stay classy Philly stay classy
Philip3664::How you gonna say stay classy when you're being an as.s too
Sweet kick to the nuts Suh::Its rough to lose game after game every $@%!$@% sport. our sports teams !$@%!$@ suck i hate it
Sweet kick to the nuts Suh::Drummond does look good but damn i can see why suicide rates are so high here. All these losses by all our teams weighs on a person after a while. night after $@%!$@% night
bamberg1977::Baseball team is pretty good. Pistons are on their way up. Be patient, within a year they'll be the most talked about team on the rise. Drummond is for real. He had his most empty night of season tonight though
detroit dave93::"Man the Patriots are killing Houston, you would think they were playing the Eagles.
kidcudibrother::detroit, city of human trash cans
BSPNs hearts SEC::http://philadelphia.cbslocal.com/2012/10/14/residents-of-northeast-philadelphia-deal-with-rash-of-car-arson-fires/ what a wonderful place to live
Sh4k4zulu::where is your car from? india?
Philip3664::probably doesnt own one
kidcudibrother::qualification to live in detroit- be on welfare
Philip3664::Just stop. You're failing.
kidcudibrother::would rather live in south dakota b4 detroit
BSPNs hearts SEC::I'd rather live in Detroit than Filthadelphia
Sweet kick to the nuts Suh::I live in Detroit and i like it but our major sports teams are at an all time low.
Sweet kick to the nuts Suh::All these top draft picks by Dumars and his team fails. Fire his  fat @ss
BSPNs hearts SEC::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4lT0DpEjzzA any questions?
BSPNs hearts SEC::Philly fans talking sh*t about another city = midget calling someone else short
kidcudibrother::live in north philly
-flyers-::Temple's not even close to being a sh*tty school.  You are an idiot
BSPNs hearts SEC::you're an embarrassment to your city and Temple is a sh*tty school
Sh4k4zulu::that's not a sixer fan talking smack about detroit im on our games nearly everynight dude he aint 1 of us
BSPNs hearts SEC::it says he's a Temple fan
kidcudibrother::dude, i live in north philly and go to temple, im here every $@%!$@% game!
detroit dave93::God, I can't wait untill  the Tigers start again.!!
Sweet kick to the nuts Suh::Why so they can get swept again?
Jared34456941::injured to all hell. how about that World Series in 2008?
BSPNs hearts SEC::where were the Phillies again?
kidcudibrother::would rather jumpoff a bridge b4 being forced to live in detroit
Philip3664::Get to jumping..please
kidcudibrother::pistons are garbage just like the city they rep
BABY IGGY..AKA BABY NIGGY ON THE STREETS::lol, no one makes fun of Detroit except for people from chicago, lay off buddy
BSPNs hearts SEC::Chicago is worse than Philly...
BSPNs hearts SEC::LOL YOU GUYS ARE FROM PHILLY
piercesteenson::suck my dick bitc
kidcudibrother::that what you do for your crack fix huh?
just let your soul glow::Detroit is no longer a city kidcudi just a giant wasteland heck their population has fled to other parts of the country in search of work cause their city is in the midst of a great depression.
kidcudibrother::lol detroit is a 3rd world american city, LMAO
grizz_gang::stay classy my friend
kidcudibrother::mad at the truth huh?
Sweet kick to the nuts Suh::Dumars = Millen
Sh4k4zulu::big mac &gt; dumars
Sweet kick to the nuts Suh::Bad at the truth?
Detroit Everything::you aare so bad at this
Sh4k4zulu::dumars screwed over pistons
kidcudibrother::attendance: Big Sean concert&gt;Pistons home games
piercesteenson::beatoven concert &gt; philedelphia home games
grizz_gang::Justin Beiber Concert &gt; Piston home games
Sh4k4zulu::honestly feel real bad for piston fans - larry brown was our coach who took us to finals back in 01 and then led you guys to victory - later you guys had iverson for a bit and i was more in tune with pistons those days then sixers
piercesteenson::actialy it was in 03 and 04
iVoted4Kodos.::He took Pistons to finals twice in 04 &amp; 05
iVoted4Kodos.::they were great teams. 04 secret weapon was Mehmet Okur. Big man able to hit the three was a BFD
Sh4k4zulu::i know truth be told i was silently rooting for lakers in 2004 cause of gary payton (wanted sonics to win back in 96 but bulls were too good)  was very happy for larry brown though
dispatcher44::its amazing everytime a team covers by 1  the othe team fouls like the have a chance ( down 5 w   8 seconds left and the team make 2 free throws to cover  the detroit hails up a 28 footer  like charlie is gonna make is   nba is the most rigged and fixed game there is
dispatcher44::yes they did     they always do   and  i forgot   this is english grammar class
dispatcher44::then go ahead  be my guest
sethbball20::They didn't design the game for betters
grizz_gang::This grammar makes me want to kill myself.
JimDetroitFan95::This is becoming painful to watch.
Sweet kick to the nuts Suh::Nobody is paying to watch this lazy garbage team.
Sweet kick to the nuts Suh::thats why only 63 people are at the palace when they play home games.
JimDetroitFan95::gtfo fool
grizz_gang::Oakland University basketball &gt; Detroit Pistons
sethbball20::I'm pretty sure Greg Monroe is a solid basketball player...
grizz_gang::you wanna go troll the patriots/texans board with me?
Sweet kick to the nuts Suh::Pistons are a large group of busts..lead by Greg Monroe
Philip3664::You are really showing your intelligence...
Detroit Everything::just stop bro, no one believes you
