Justin Jenkins::Teague is gonna be the best PG in NBA in a few years.....startin to play like Tony Parker.
Reeves Cox::Let's go HAWKS! Beat the Sixers! P.S. I thought the team looked good against the Knicks they just hit a lot of lucky shots; however, I did have one big problem. Coach Bud... why was Millsap not in the game with like 8 minutes left? And more importantly... Why did you take Al Horford out of the game with 6 minutes left... In the 30ish seconds Pero Antic played in the fourth he... got an offensive foul, and allowed his man to hit a wide open three pointer. I'm sorry, but our best player should be in the game with 6 minutes left. Not taken out...
Bob Turk::I live 25 minutes from Atlanta and they do not even have the game on TV. What a pathetic city. Wanted to watch the 76ers beat the Hawks. High School Football trumps the Hawks, so does Georgia Tech and UGA.
Wil Harper::Bob, suck it
Mike Pamfilis::Kill yourself Bobby boy
Bob Turk::Nothing personal. Facts are facts. I like living hear, just that it is not a great pro sports city.
Josh Schwartz::Let's go 76ers! Keep the early-season winning going! You have two relatively bad teams next, so you can win these. Just keep playing with the heart and passion you have in your first nine games!
Tom Totosz::Why does Schroder play? He's awful.
Jason Crumbley::He's a kid from Europe. He's not going to be great right out the door.
Daniel Tuggle::Happy see Lou Williams back
Mike Pamfilis::Jeff Teague is a BOSS
Marcus Smith::It sucks that ESPN fantasy basketball has absolutely zero news what-so-ever on MCW. I didn't even know he was hurt 'til after the game against the knicks. I just thought that the team was starting full tank mode after seeing the elite freshman play in college the night before by giving MCW "a day off". It's like that with a few other rookies also.
T.b. Suckdeo::Guess Brett Brown is in on the tanking of the season officially now after this butchering of a coaching job in the 2nd half against Atlanta tonight . Way to leave the bench warmers in just long enough for the Hawks to find their confidence
Colin Uza::Evan Turner was always underutilized in his short NBA career.  Glad he is getting a chance now to be a go to guy, he definitely has All-Star potential and an All-Star skill set.
Jason Crumbley::Why did it take the Hawks so long to start Teague? Imagine if they had when he came into the league.
Wil Harper::This is his 4th year starting...
Jason Crumbley::Wil Harper It's his third. He was a bench player his first two years. This is only his fifth year in the league. Imagine if this year had been his third in the league, where he could have been now.
Alex Vargas::Jason Crumbley not everyone is ready to start from day 1. They did the right thing, making him come of the bench for 1.5 years, and now he is a star.
Marcus Smith::And why is Millsap not starting? Atlanta tanking too? Never mind. They are just dumb.
Jason Crumbley::They are winning. How dumb is that?
Marcus Smith::Jason Crumbley let's see: 5-4 record. That passes the eye test. Digging deeper: Wins against Toronto, Sacramento, Orlando, Charlotte,  and Philly. Correct me, but aren't those all bottom feeders? 0-3 verses playoffs teams from last year. Yea... be happy about that 5-4 record, b/c it won't last.
Jason Crumbley::Marcus Smith You have to beat the teams you're supposed to. Three of those loses are by a combined 8 points. Two of them were on the road. Millsap also started those games. Not that there's anything wrong with Millsap. I'll take him over Josh Smith.
Joshua Fowler::sad to see its Friday night and no hawks on tv...good job getting that fan base they lack
Jared Murray::What's wrong with carter-Williams?
Maxim Lang::Sore left foot
Steven Rivera::What happened too michael carter william?
Tom Totosz::Atlanta blows. The 76ers are a very bad team
Cody Mills::what channel is the game on? I dont see it
Bob Turk::atlanta is not much of a pro sport city.
Michael McBrearity::channel???
Dabolreds Btf::leggo philly
Rui Branco Lopes::Will Carter-Williams play or not?
Andrew Kelley::he is out again
Rui Branco Lopes::That's a pity...
Prince Donald::wtf he is efffing up my fantasy points!
