NguyenDragon::Harden and Lin obviously cant play together... Their style don't mix... McHale needs to find a solution soon...
neohgoland::hardern is like Tracy McGrady, can get many points, but play little defence equals to not many wins.
NguyenDragon::Harden has one thing over McGrady... He is not lazy...
I3UTTON::Mayo &gt; Harden
LoyaltotheMAVStilldeath::"Harden is a ballhog" r.e.t.a.rds:  Harden had 9 assists that game. Please shut and be thankful for a great player like him.  It wasn't his fault the Rockets lost, he was the only guy producing on the floor but his teammates didn't step up, its as simple as that.
xsamc1::Harden made some critical errors late in the game and he had a lot of turnovers so I can see why some would blame him for the loss. However, I place the blame on the coaches for putting him on the court for 46 minutes. You can expect a player to be on top of his game for 46 minutes. Parsons jumper was also off late in the game after playing 42 minutes.
KentuckyAlum2012::Shockingly, Raymond Felton has been performing better than Jeremy Lin this year. We will see if they will keep it up, but right now the Knicks looks like they were smart for not re-signing Lin.
NoonGame::Felton has been doing a good job for them...his numbers and knick record indicate  just that...
HoraceGrants::Lin is completely useless
NoonGame::he's #12 in steals per game. he has more rebounds per game than deron williams...he has about 6 assists per game which is not bad at all...sure,he still has alot of room to improve but you call him useless...Wow!
bocabenny33433::Ho G ... stats were for 18 mins bro ... he was playing well tonight, but got benched along with Asik and Morris by Einstein coaching staff.
Dawan208::Come on Lin can't perform like cp3 but he was ok.    What does this coaching staff want him to perform like magic Johnson ????
Dawan208::Everyone say s Lin is this lin is that without giving stats.    Point guards need to be concern with assists and being a facilitator and that is what Lin does!   Plus his turn overs are down.
Beardlikeharden::Harden&gt;Mayo Harden took less shots
Benjamayne::and had 16 free throw attempts u buttmunch. oj mayo got hit points from shots, and thats what makes him better.
Beardlikeharden::This is actually a joke Harden&gt;Mayo Mayo took way more shots Mayo had 6 turnovers againts shannon brown argubably one of the worse sg defenders in the league am I the only one that think Mayo is hot Mayo isnt that athletic he isnt that long his whole game is his pull up game everyone needs to $@%!!
EAGLENATION98::Just wait until my boy Nowitzki comes back... THIS IS GOING TO BE GOOD!
vonfab::The Mayo Vs. Harden Rivalry now continues since college. I liked when Mayo was on Memphis but now like Harden, he has room to grow and put up numbers.
micaroni715::Knicks not resigning Jeremy Lin is defined as addition by subtraction.
NoonGame::he still has 3 years to prove that he's worth it...it's way to early to count him out...Dont you think ?
Hank10593::21 bricks really proved your point doesn't it?
RespectThaGame::Nope, not too early.  He had a brief flash of brilliance in NYC, and everyone fell for the hype. Felton, on the other hand, is the real deal.
dm mav::when dirk comes back and if mayo keeps his scoring up and kaman keep scoring 15+ this could be a championship team. #dont sleep on the mavs
NoonGame::I dont think mavs can beat spurs or okc in the playoff if your make it there
AdamFinesse::This is exactly where I want the Mavs to be without Dirk. Stay around .500 and then we'll squeak in a play off spot.
Tuoi56::Let's say Lin controls 90% of the ball like Harden. And shoots and dribbles to the basket as much as Harden. What would Lin's stat be right now??  I say at least 15pts a game. with confidence i say this.
NoonGame::you probably the only one think harden is the problem after he shoots 10-17 for 39 points.
will.mebs::By that logic, Dallas should have lost because OJ Mayo scored 40 to Harden's 39.
jpjorgensen420::Harden had 9 assists. I do not think that could be described as the kobe effect. Plus kobe is usually like 12-30 from the field not 10-17.
xsamc1::It's the Kobe effect. When Kobe has a huge game, the Lakers usually lose. The key is to get your whole team involved.
LeBald::$@%! jeremy lin, oj mayo is the real deal
mavs_fan_2012::Mavs could be really dangerous when Dirk and Matrix comes back.  If that ever happens.
The_JTrain::I feel like Marion plays one game and then sits the next 10 out for you guys.
hardentheballhog::Why is everyone talking bout how lin cant go left...Harden can't go right and that is a damn Fact
Tuoi56::haha. Lin can go left. he just prefers right
xsamc1::Harden can go right but he doesn't have to because he's so good at drawing a foul going left.
Tuoi56::Rockets coach does not know how to utilize Lin at all. There is no ball movement with Lin at PG.   fellow team mates rarely passes to Lin when he is waving his hands at the corner. How can there be ball movements with this pathetic Rockets team when passing to your fellow team mates is selective as to who to pass the ball.
xsamc1::I've noticed Lin waving his hand too and getting few looks but that's because he's standing on the 3 point line and everybody on the team knows he's not very good at 3s. The way the offense is designed right now, it's all about 3 point shooters. Why do you think Douglas is getting more PT? Because he can shoot the 3. It spaces out the floor better for Harden and right now, the only thing the coaches care about is getting the offense going through Harden. He's their best playmaker and when he's shooting well, his percentage is extremely high.
Tuoi56::Houston won't go far with the one man show of Harden.  no chance against Spurs.
Tuoi56::Ball hogging Harden scores 40pts to get a contract extension and Rockets still lose.   This Rockets team has no hope. there is no ball movements and it is basically a one man show of ball hogging Harden.   And Harden still turns the ball over trying to go to the basket. lol. pathetic
RespectThaGame::Contract extension? He just signed for the max 2 months ago.
dm mav::no mayo had 40 harden had 39
Tuoi56::ouch
Tuoi56::Ball hogging Harden score 40pts tonight and the Rockets still lose.   Fu cking pathetic. no hope with this loser team Rockets.
HeatWill3peat::Lin has to be aggressive...play like you are sleeping on the couch
Al Bundy17::Orenthal dropped 40 last night...Dude still got game...
Lets_get_Logical::Lin and Harden are a poor fit together right now in my opinion. That's why he was benched. Douglas can shoot, Lin can't.  Playing with Harden, Lin will need to develop an outside shot...and quickly. The game would be so much easier if he wasn't scared to pull the trigger (or so it looks).  Having said that, maybe starting Douglas and putting Lin in the role Harden was in in OKC is the solution...at least until Lin doesn't shoot like Tebow throws.
bocabenny33433::or maybe trade Lin to LAL or any team where he can be the playmaker.  Then I love to see that team vs. the Harden Rockets.
xsamc1::The problem with Lin coming in as the 6th man is that Harden plays most of the game. If the coaches plan to play Lin in Harden's role, then Lin will only get a few minutes a game and Lin's already shooting with no confidence. Take a look at last year when Douglas was the starter to see what can happen when you bench a guy who doesn't deal with it well.
I will Suh you::Linsanity 2012.....the end of an error.
A1Chavarria::era lol
O Zone Pro.::Funny how people talk about Felton's bad game last night like he's been bad since the season started but don't want to admit he is way better than Lin who can't even go left or shoot if his life depended on it.
Jinxster247::he is not a very good shooter, he can not go left no matter what the reason is he still can not go left, those 2 factors limits him and the team.
xsamc1::You really think he can't shoot if his life depended upon it? Who's going to take you seriously when you make such outrageous statements. Instead, just do the math and you'll have a stronger argument. For the money, Felton's a better player so far in the season. And for the record, Lin has gone left but his decision making stinks when he does because he's concentrating too much on keeping his dribble. Also, when going to the basket, if he's forced to go left, he'll still shoot with his right hand.
._.birdman::Harden should request Lin be traded for some talent.
bocabenny33433::Lin needs to be traded to LAL ... Houston is a cowtown anyways.
xsamc1::Let's get real. Lin is the not the only problem in Houston. The defense is non existent. And nobody is going to trade for Lin's contract. Finally, Lin did a pretty good job for 18 minutes.  The real question is why the crazy rotation with Asik only playing 20 minutes?
Dawan208::Lin is always blamed for other players mistakes.  It's not his fault that. O.j. Mayo  went off.  Yet he was benched.   Houston is losing so lets bench Lin.
neohgoland::lin last year high turn over win games, harden high turn over lose games. lol
dm mav::why are you comparing lin to harden thats not even a comparison smh you dont know basketball
Dawan208::Because turnovers are only emphasized when Lin has them!!!!!!!
esgdf::nobody see harden'S turn over, it's unfair to lin
palsy360::It's lin crazed fans that make ppl criticize him.
Dawan208::It kills me how Lin is the only one in the nba history who gets called for turn overs..     When he was good they couldnt find nothing wrong with his performance !!   So they emphasized his TO and him not going left!!!!
Spursdc::A point guard that can't go left is detrimental to any team. Are you serious? Him not being able to go left is one of the reasons he turns the ball over so much. Another flaw: He can't shoot
future_bassmaster::Dawan208 - "...they couldnt find nothing wrong with his performance" " So they emphasized his TO..."   It sounds to me like they found a perfect drawback to his performance. A high turnover rate counts towards a PG's performance rating as a high interception rate counts towards a QB's performance rating.
BXwarriorBX::against non playoff teams
Dawan208::Like the lakers and mavericks?????? And Indiana ?????
A1Chavarria::Houston: J. Harden 39 Pts, 6 Reb, 9 Ast, 2 Stl, 1 Blk Dallas: O. Mayo 40 Pts, 8 Reb, 3 Ast, 2 Stl  out of the two my boy harden did work
Nowitzki.::he lost.........
NoonGame::Asik need to work on his butter fingers...
Jinxster247::lol we bulls fans knew this he will always have some great games but he will always have some bad games.
Brandon18502::For you delusional Mavericks fans saying how great the team will be when Dirky comes back, you...are...extremely...delusional. 1-8 against teams with a .500 record and above... 9-2 against teams with a below .500 record.
Zeeshan2::that's the past though. Want to bring up the lakers championship banners also while you are at it?
Jon Armdog::I think a healthy Dirk with Mayo in the pick and roll is going to be deadly.  I am optimistic about these Mavs, and expect a strong run in the second half of the season (similar to the Celtics last year)
-LeTs gO mAvS-::Do you realize Mavs have won 50+ games 11 straight years since 2000 except for last year? There is a reason why all Mavs fans are optimistic since Dirk has been part of those teams even if we have 9 new players this year. I have no doubt in my mind Mavs will win 50+ games this year again. How can Mavs fans be delusional when were used to seeing success?  Mavs have been to the playoffs 12 straight years since 2000 Mavs have won 50+ games 11 straight years since 2000 except for last year lockout year. Still won 36 games Mavs have been to the Finals in 2006 and 2011
Dirk Nowitzki 12X All Star 07RegularSeasonMVP 2011FinalsMVP::Can't wait to see how this team will look once Dirk gets back. Go Mavericks!
yalcos4::MAYO. thank you! You and Dirk will be a nasty tandem. Kaman, you are a bad dude aswell.!!!! If only we'd have kept Chandler...arg. This team can easily be the 4-6 seed and make some serious noise in the playoffs. Play as 1 on defense!!
slapshotcity123::The fact that Dallas is relying on Mayo to win games is going to hurt them come playoff time. The kid cant shoot it if he isn't able to put up 20 shots a game. He's a mediocre starter.
austuc33::when dirk comes back he dont need to save the team every game
Dirk Nowitzki 12X All Star 07RegularSeasonMVP 2011FinalsMVP::Just look at my username bro. This is why OJ needs to step up plus he's scoring 20+ points consistently
mysterio_05::Don't you realize who Dallas is missin'....So somebody has to step up and win games whie he returns...
Brandon18502::Says the Grizzlies fan.
Aeiouy.com::The fact that the grizzlies miscoached mayo for so many years tells me an NBA finals experience is not happening.
Setru::Calling out JustintinyWeWe, if Asians sucks at every sport, explain why China finished second in gold medals count behind U.S. and also second in total medals won in 2012 Summer Olympics? Also, you have a small brain to match your small WeWe. HeHe  LOL.
Dawan208::Lol!!!!!!!! That's what we should all call this LOSER ICKS troll!!!!!!!
Stanley5826::Pls dun mind him cos he is a disgruntled Knicks troll. Must be a Melo lover.  He'll always be here when Lin plays badly.
49ers_Defense-BackupQB_OVERRATED::Lin -9? wow somethings never change
Kobe6timechampion::What's up with the racism on this board?  Relax little dudes.  Pacman got KTFO, I'm still shook.
Whutitdew3::im pretty shocked too dude. he has a contract still but do you think he retires? gotta give it up to marquez totally outsmarted pacman and went for the blow. amazing amazing knock out hit
Khaos0924::Me too.
Kobe6timechampion::this board is weird.  i only came on here b/c socal products Mayo and Harden are lighting it up!
Dawan208::Justintehehe.   Felton your lousy pg shot 9 for 30!!!!   He sucks!!!
O Zone Pro.::Dawan Melo did not play and Lin was hardly doubled team because everyone knows Lin can not shoot if his life depended on it.
esgdf::so lin should shoot more~~~~
RNYC::Dawan Felton &gt; Lin face facts. This season he's better in D'antoni system he was better for a longer period of time. Lin is terrible.
crivera330::Felton carves up Miami defense, Lin gets carved up by Miami defense. All these Lin fans can do is wait for a bad game and jump on Felton but they refuse to $@%! on their dude who has sucked all year.
Dawan208::Miami was a better team back then ( back then they were the number one defense)and Lin carved up this bad Miami team ( weak defense now) when they came to Houston.  Stole a ball from bosh.  Knocked the ball from chalmers and he did not look like Lin from last year.    Plus he was practically a rookie back then under the spot light!!!!!!!!!!!
Dawan208::I didn't see the double team on Felton.  In fact he's never doubled team.   You know why because other teams are concerned for melo.  That's why Miami let him run by him and he  was free to get the ball in the basket.  The reason Felton looks good because the other team guards are concerned more about melo ,  jr smith, Novak and chandler. Not Felton !!!!!!!
49ers_Defense-BackupQB_OVERRATED::Who makes front of a dude on a winning team, who went 3 games without committing a single turnover? Oh yeah Lin fans SMH Pathetic
Khaos0924::He tried to create his on FatSanity for 7 games straight while Melo is out.
Dawan208::That's funny!!!
Khaos0924::Everyone please excuese JustinTimeHeHe, he's a mama's boy who just got dumped by his asian ex-gf, and got made fun of in math class by Asians, and clowned on the basketball court by an asian @24 fitness.
Dawan208::And probably  tried to apply to ivy league colleges such as harvard and was told he was too stupid and dumb to attend their college!!!!!!!!!   LOL!!!!!!!!
Swish3And1::A clown kept writing about  Linn !!! There is no one named "Linn" in NBA.
Khaos0924::You meant that JustinBeiber a.s.s. loser
Federico6646::I miss Yao. Not sure I'll see a 7-6 player like him ever again.
BigDSportsMavsCowboys::Oj Mayo highlights taking over in the 4th quarter. Next star in this league. go Mavs  http://tinyurl.com/ach82pj
austuc33::i a mavs fan and that a fail
esgdf::may o &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; harden
ARMG920::Free Fantasy to Earn Real Money. NO SPAM, just give it a shot please!  http://www.draftday.com/go/alirezamg  or  http://www.draftday.com/go/PardonDaSwag
thenextgreatest21::OJ Mayo is finally becoming the player he was meant to be.
bwc2000::man this board is getting 'pathetic'.. It's like a board talking about about race and racism than about bball or the rockets...  especially with JustinTimeHeHe, dannylko1.3 and _lets go mavs..   I'm outta here... Grow up guys.
dannylko1.3::(facepalm) I like the fact that you included me, as if I had anything to do with their racist remarks.
dirkaqs41::Btw i hope rockets fans understand that their future could be very bright if they keep cole aldrich around but that probably wont happen b/c the rockets have been notoriously near sighted in recent years
Jinxster247::asik is a great defender/rebounder he will always have his off up and downs. he is worth the money for the first 2 years its that 15 mill 3rd year that he wont live up to and rockets have 2 players that makes 15 mill in 3 years and both wont be worth that
ARMG920::Free Fantasy to Earn Real Money. NO SPAM, just give it a shot please!  http://www.draftday.com/go/alirezamg  or  http://www.draftday.com/go/PardonDaSwag
dirkaqs41::Aldrich has the potential to be an elite shot blocker in the league i cant say the same for the asik
dannylko1.3::asik makes me laugh sometimes when he bumbles around.
dannylko1.3::he's pretty solid, good backup for asik
JustinTimeHeHe::asians are like dworfs lol
Khaos0924::you must had your a.s.s. schooled by asian in the playground, or your ex-asian gf dumped your sorry a.s.s. for being dumb and broke.
kevman86::dworfs? you seem very intelligent...
cfylong::The cockroach comes out when it's safe and dark.
jimandre9::Yao hears you
JustinTimeHeHe::Imagine one trying to play football
EKast2012::Patrick Chung, Hines Ward
harvardball_LIN::Dat Nguyen. Ex. Cowboy
bwc2000::well,, they are opening up footbal camps in Indian if you didn't know.. not kidding..  and they are learning the sport..   AND note: you SAID Asian...that includes Indians.
supe540::Ton of Samoans in football.
YaImFromCleveland::JustinTimeHeHe - Asians suck at every sport lol. Thats why they got obsessed with Lin, they thought they finally had an athlete. They were wrong ----------------------------------------------------------------- Just speaking from recent headlines.. ever heard of Pacquiao, Manti Teo?
supe540::I'm confident Ichiro is going to the Hall.
JustinTimeHeHe::yeah
JustinTimeHeHe::He sucks now
bwc2000::hmmm.. but you say 'asian' .. that includes indians too.
JustinTimeHeHe::Pinos and japppps i give an exception for. japppps can play baseball
dirkaqs41::I would like to thank coach carlisle for allowing brandan wright to get 30 mins of playing time and giving kaman the correct amount as well 19 mins is perfect for him it was plenty of time to allow him to score 20 but not too many to where his defense could be exploited
dirkaqs41::Wright has been instant offense but coach has been reluctant to play him much except for tonight for reasons unknown.. hopefully they are on the same page now
supe540::How's BWright looking this year.  Dubs were high on him but he couldn't stay healthy.
JustinTimeHeHe::DannyLko, have some pride. You sound like yu hate being asian lol, cant even say asian these days because its like the N word or something
Setru::Hey, JustintinyWeWe, if Asians sucks at every sport, explain why China finished second in gold medals count behind U.S. and also second in total medals won in 2012 Summer Olympics?  Also, you have a small brain to match your small WeWe.  HeHe
dannylko1.3::??? at least try to make some sense.  You make some strange connections.
JustinTimeHeHe::Have no clue what your saying
dannylko1.3::why did you edit that?  Aren't you proud to be racist?
JustinTimeHeHe::What?
dannylko1.3::wow you're pretty pathetic.
JustinTimeHeHe::Just
dannylko1.3::"Asians suck at every sport" isn't a true statement.  I may as well make a sweeping generalization of white/black people.  Then that also must be true.
JustinTimeHeHe::You said I was ranting racism or whatever. Even though it was a true statement
