big_lo510slab@yahoo.com::we need a pg  we need to trade gasol an maybe bynum to get better depth or a young solid star ..we need speed an youth ...kobe an bynum an gasol shouldnt be r only piecese
Olivia2920::Kobe is a great player. I think he was just trying to be Kobe and be the savior it didn't work today. But yay my Suns won..lol
-whoa-::lol yah kobe shot 1-8 from 3s and attempted too many but when he entered the game for the 2nd time they were down 24, kobe himself brought them back to within 10 or so and found players like murphy, world peace late in the game and they kept missing so he took it into his own hands to make the 3s and bring them back, only so much Mamba can do, they need shooters more than anything else.
TheTruthCanStingABit::The chances Kobe gets a sixth ring are slim to none, and it looks like slim is starting to pack up his bags...
Liberal Feminist::The Lakers need to make a move one way or another.  I think Kobe should keep his mouth shut when it comes to the media, but he's right.  This team NEEDS to know who they are and right now they can't seem to figure it out.   Personally, I think this team needs to get someone like D. Williams.  D. Howard would be nice, but I think the Magic are going to play hard ball and expect A LOT in return.
Tommy1387::saying Kobe should keep his mouth shut this shows that your brain washed and believe you should just things happen to you andnot take the bull by the horns. Kobe is not weak minded like most people that sit and do nothing while things around them crumble right now he is playing with two bigs who are not doing as much as they can gasol gets more touches then howard yet Howard averages more points Howard and BYnum get same amount of touches yet howard averages more points half of Howards touches are rebounds not entry passes yet he is more effective. So Gasol and Bynum not getting enough touches i dont buy I say they arent doing enough with the touches they get
inglewood247::I disagree.....I think kobe is the mouth piece of that team and he needs to let an inexperience self proclaimed GM/owner about what the team is dealing with. Either you move or don't move.
anon62::Personally, I don't care who the Lakers get, the more pressing issue right now is winning until March 15. If the Lakers keep losing this badly on the road, the Lakers won't get a very favorable seeding in the Playoffs.  Mike Brown needs to fix the spacing issue that forces Kobe into the Elbow area where he keeps getting doubled, resulting into turnovers. The Halfcourt Corner Trap is killing the Lakers when the ball is on Kobe, and the Lakers can't help giving the ball to Kobe because they don't have anyone better at handling the ball. &gt;_&gt;
milw-jay::this loss wasnt Gasol's fault.  Curious why kobe would come out blasting Laker management now. Perhaps to deflect attn from his own 10 turnovers?    That said,  Pau is making 18 mill a year. Trade rumors or no, he should be giving 100% effort every night.
Tommy1387::Kobe is talking about the season not that loss that loss doesnt effect their season but losing to marquee teams do when they play against marquee teams gasol folds
anon62::The turnovers is the fault of the spacing. Kobe got trapped on the sideline about 7-8  times and i think that resulted into 5-6 turnovers. The rest is all on Kobe though. 2 TOs from traveling calls, and 1 is a missed lob. That's all i can remember.  Did you even watch the game? Pau was giving 100% effort in this game as well. It's frustrating to see how many times Jared Dudley and Markieff Morris kept getting into his space and putting their hands on him and Pau not getting the calls.  I think he did enough. The offense just isn't doing the Lakers any good.  If I had to point the blame on anyone, it'd be on the coaching staff. They were ill-prepared, and the stuff they ran, Phoenix kept reading them, thus the Kobe turnovers, resulting into uncontested fast break points.
_Jay25::Im so anxious to see what management does!
leehwgoC::Kobe shouldn't be pointing fingers.  He kept forcing threes out of arrogance despite missing them all night long and single-handedly ruining his team's stat in that category, and turned the ball over 10 times.  Gasol and Bynum had efficient performances, and would have been better if Kobe wasn't losing the ball so often and failing to get it to them for their own share of shots.  Don't let the 32 points fool you, Lakers lost because of Kobe as much as any other reason.  If LBJ had precisely this same performance the haters would be in feeding frenzy.
Tommy1387::Dwight averages 20 points a game off the same amount of touches Bynum gets and Gasol gets more touches they just arent physical enough to make their touches count when Howard doesnt score he gets fouled when gasol and bynum dont score they miss or lose the ball out of bounce it gets stolen BIG DIFFERENCE
leehwgoC::Did I not already make this clear?  Kobe doesn't need to have DOUBLE the shot attempts of Gasol and Bynum, and especially not when he's giving the ball to the other team like its his job.  Have you not asked yourself that maybe the reason why Bynum and Gasol never put up more than 20 IS BECAUSE KOBE EFFECTIVELY WON'T LET THEM?   (oh and btw, Brown is also at fault for apparently not being in charge of the team enough to order Bryant to quit attempting threes when he was shooting so cold... I get that the Lakers were in trailing-mode for much of the game, but Kobe wasn't helping them catch up with such $@%!$@ shot-selection)
_Jay25::Who else is gonna score? The big men out up 20 each at most, thats not gonna win you a game. You want Metta to start shooting a lot more? Murphy? Barnes? Fisher? NO.
mh1404::the fact   this team has no shot to beat the Thunder..
anon62::Consider this, 2 more meetings vs Dallas 3 more meetings vs OKC, 2 more meetings vs Denver, and 3 more meetings vs SAS. and 1 visits left from Utah, Miami, and Boston. Those will be hard matches to win, and if by then LAL does not improve on the offense, they can't get Home Court at all.  LAL only has 35 games left, and to get home court means you need to at least win about 19-20 games of that to at least get 3rd seed, and LAL still has 17 road games. Winning on  a back to back @ Dallas and @ OKC a monumental task. If they lose that, and then lose the other solid back to back @ Houston and @ Dalas, that's 4 games down. Which means LAL needs to win 20 on 31 games left if the Lakers do lose those games. That's a VERY VERY HARD THING TO DO.
anon62::@charles55213 Umm, yeah they did. 33pts per game between 2 championships. Do your research. =.=  @Jay25 Go find yourself a time machine to get the 2010-2011 bench then coz the current bench is not going to be able to produce as much as those guys did. This current Lakers are too stagnant, and can't develop enough rhythm to at least help on the scoring load even if their defense suck. =.=
Charles55213::you have your opinions and I have mine. At the end of the day this is all speculation and there is always room for a move or two before the trade deadline. We shall see.
anon62::Look, I like the Lakers "Front Court" as it is. The problem is, that's all they have. the Laker's offense is so predictable, and so slow to develop that any decent team with enough propensity on defense can stop them from scoring. And all this is thanks to the lack of 3 point shooters on a system that badly needs a shooter.
Charles55213::Considering the Lakers are virtually unbeatable at home.. they'll easily make the playoffs. Don't kid yourself.
Charles55213::They don't need home court. The Mavs can't handle the Lakers' front court. You do realize that rotations are shortened in the playoffs and the Lakers' slow style of play is perfect for the playoffs
anon62::LMAO! There you go, YOU'RE ALREADY THINKING THE LAKERS WILL HAVE HOME ADVANTAGE! By the end of the day, If the Lakers keep losing on the road FORGET ABOUT HOME COURT.  HECK, with the tiebreakers,  you might even have to forget about making the playoffs as well!
Charles55213::If the they played in a 7 game series starting today the Lakers would win. The Mavs aren't half as good as last season with the loss of Chandler, Barea, and Stevenson. Their defense has taken a huge step back. You are kidding yourself if you think the Mavs can win even a single game at Staples. And the Lakers can definitely win in Dallas with a far superior front court.
anon62::So what? Still won't change the fact that the current Mavs can beat the Lakers. I may have missed on how much Dirk did on their game, but do you honestly THINK that the Lakers as constructed can stop the now streaking Mavs? I personally don't. Specially if the Mavs start getting healthier as they currently are now.   Point still is, this system is not conducive to helping even scrub players win. If the Lakers had some form of rhythm when they don't have Kobe, Pau and Bynum on the Floor, at least they'd not be so bad. =.=  Mike Brown's stupid stagnant offense is to blame, and I dunno why the hell the Lakers FO even hired him at all.
Charles55213::Do my research? This coming from the guy who said Dirk didn't play when we beat the Mavs. Rofl. The Lakers have always had a weak bench. They got outscored on a nightly basis through both title runs. Was it better than it is now? Yes. But, by no means ever quality.
_Jay25::Like i said? lol Your are dumb man. No joke
_Jay25::lol ok? It doesn't count?? Oh well all our losses don't count because Gasol and the bench aren't "Back" yet.
Charles55213::Yeah, like the bench really helped out through both title runs.
anon62::What bench is that? You need a time machine to get them back coz LAL left it back in 2010. Odom Gone, Shannon Brown Gone. Farmar Gone. Sasha Gone. not a shred of a championship bench left in this version of the Lakers.
cowboyzrule94::Or the Spurs, the Mavs, and apparently the Suns
leehwgoC::East teams aren't really relevant, because before they'll even matter the Lakers have to get through the West first.   But yeah, Lakers have no shot against either the Heat or Bulls in a series.
Charles55213::And you're wrong, Dirk did play when the Lakers beat the Mavs. He shot 8-17 and had 21 pts   http://espn.go.com/nba/boxscore?gameId=320116013
Charles55213::my bad.. only played Indiana once. They look awful now though
Charles55213::1-1 against the Knicks, 1-1 against Indiana. Only played the Sixers, Heat, and Bulls once great sample size. Bucks was a fluke. And should've won on opening night versus the Bulls, but the refs missed a blatant travel on Deng with 5 seconds left. The Lakers are 13-2 at home and have lost both games by a combined total of 3 points. They figure it out on the road and watch out.
anon62::Beat by Miami, Beat by Lin. (no amare so just lin) Beat by Indiana. Beat by Orlando. Beat by Philly. Beat by Pacers. Beat by Chicago. Beat by Milwaukee. And I'm only talking about the lowly East here. Get my drift?  LAL's win vs Mavs? It doesn't count coz Dirk was not dirk back then. =.= Let's be real, the Lakers can' beat crap right about now, specially with a 3vs5 offense.
Charles55213::Let's put this to the test. They've beaten the Suns 2 out of 3 times this season that must be a joke including a beat down a few days ago in LA and a 16 point win Jan 10. Haven't played the Thunder or the Spurs yet. And are 1-0 against the Mavs.
shaqatastic::KobME Cryant taking around 25 shots a game while being the league's bottom feeder in FG%. What else is new.
Tommy1387::the only people who shoot over 50% are people who are typically 6'8 and above its easier for them to score over the top
HangTime7_7::Sure thing buddy. He's 3rd in the league in FG% among shooting guards. Only DWade and Ray Allen are above him. It's called research.. try it sometime
64442787338::the problem w/ the lakers is their team is complete crap outside of pau, kobe, bynum
OFrog::I'm a coach known for blowing his whistle all practice long, and all of my players after practice...Rex
HangTime7_7::Enjoy your last season in the league Metta World Piece of $@%!
Global Warming 2012::How sad is Bryant? Lakers have the "elite" Kobe Bryant The All Star starting center A 17 and 11 power forward And all Kobe can do is blame the owner. How many teams have what they have? Bottom line...............This is another coat tail call.
Tommy1387::they have no production from 2 spots inthe starting line up and no bench plus gasol and bynum are inconsistent Kobe cant even get a break without the lakers losing a lead soon as he sits down
gordlig::Poor effort lakers - embarrassing.
Global Warming 2012::Isn't Pau averaging like 17 and 11 in February while being in the top 20 in fg% for 2012. Pau isn't the problem.. Kobe takes 24 shots per game and he is not even in the top 60 in fg%. Pau and Bynum together take 25. Kobe doesn't know how to make it work and that is his own fault. Give me a break!!!
Tommy1387::numbers can be deciving with Paul Skill set he should be doing more Howard averages more points on less touches
Global Warming 2012::Ok so let's get this straight. Kobe shot under 50% and had 10 turnovers and it's someone else fault. Wait to defend your boy Pau by trying to throw him under the bus.
rselig1974::They asked Kobe how he felt about the Gasol situation you f'ing moron.  It's not like he answered the question "What happened tonight?" with the bit about Gasol.  Seriously, pull your head out of your $@%.  Dudes like you are why our country is in the crapper....too lazy to even think.
nba is the worst::Kupchak sure has missed the boat as far as picking up a PG and some outside shooting.  Lin certainly would have helped - and it appears JR Smith is going to work out just fine in NY
HangTime7_7::Kupchak has been absolutely awful post-Gasol trade.. think it's time to get rid of him
316Doug::I hope management follows thru with the trade,and the NBA follows the new CBA,and make it a level playing field for everyone involved,likely choice would be send Pau to play with his Brother, or send Pau anyplace/any team that wants him,I don't think Kobe should have a say so to what the decisions that management makes,he's not the owner of the team,and one day he'll be on the chopping block,dismantle the LA Lakers and start all over again,let some other team be in the spotlight,
Tommy1387::this is what I call I dont want to see Kobe surpass Jordan talk lol the stupidest idea of all time
Pan6502::Don't get me wrong Kobe is a good player,but he won his championships in a weak era.Nothing compared to the 80's or 90's.
Tommy1387::nope that ship has saied go to every playoff game before the finals when shaq and kobe was teamed up and u will see Kobe saving LA not shaq shaq will be onthe bench whenever u are not the closer on the team u are not hte bestplayer maybe the strongest player but not the best skill wise Kobe is the reason for every ring
shaqatastic::Kobe didn't beat anybody. Shaq did. Kobe rode his coattails.
Jason_ninenine::Oh really.. so Shaq was on the Lakers in '09 and '10? Lmao.. you just copy whatever you hear from other irrational Kobe haters, huh?
nissancartech06::I'm just glad to see the Lakers grounded.  Now someone needs to take Miami down a few notches and we can stop hearing about them, too.
Asif11111::NO! he beat the jason kidd nets and iverson sixers back-to-back surely he must be the greatest ever (rolls eyes) as well as beating teams which have NEVER won the title like the magic or pacers. If this was the 90s the lakers wouldn't have even come close to 5 rings
JEGRAY53::They beat the teams that were there. No team since 2000 - 2003 Lakers would beat the runner up in the 80's or 90's.
earlealston::Seems like the Lakers are going to sail into those horrible waters: the Sea of Mediocrity. Too crappy to compete for the Title, but too good to get better through the draft, no valuable AND EXPENDABLE pieces to get better through trades, and too many huge (and pointless) veteran contracts to get better through FA. Hopefully the Lakers can bounce back in a couple of seasons.
Troutflush::Seriously  we only scored 2 points from our point guard position last night between 2 point guards....   might as well play with 4 players.....oh yeah...that is what have been playing with.    I guess we are not that bad of a team for only having 4 positions to work with.
NuttyBuckeyes::Lol the lakers lose again! And the bandwagons are now clippers fans. Is that a surprise?
JEGRAY53::No Laker fan would ever become a Clipper fan or fan of any team!
Fransmooth32::I give you guys that, but all you guys do is make excuses like your idol Kobe. When ever you guys lose, you blame somebody or something else besides looking at the facts; Kobe taking way too many shots and no outside shooting.
belchmelch::Will just have to say how 3/15 turns out... but for now the coach has to play Goudelock... he is the most consistent option at PG... LET HIM PLAY... Maybe the Lakers find THEIR Lin... maybe not as good... but good enough to hit the open 3 or perimeter shot will letting the Bigs and Kobe go to work...
belchmelch::I don't understand M.Brown... for a stats guy... he is totally missing developing Goudelock... why give Fish 18 minutes... 0-1?  Common... Morris would do better... when your team is behind... let the young fellahs play... rest PAU &amp; BYNUM or at least one of them... and play Blake, Goude, KB, and Barnes or META, and split Pau and Bynum... its obvious they are not convinced about Arenas... if it was JR Smith, they would have signed him (glad he didnt go to the Clippers, would the commish have blocked that trade too?).  Fish should get 10 minutes at the most... play the first 6 min... then go Blake, Goud... then give Fish 4 min to see if he has a hot hand at all... Let Goud play PG with Bryant, Meta, McBob and Pau (versus Suns)... let the bench be Blake, Ebanks, Barnes, Murphy and Bynum...  If they played a bigger team like Dallas... then obviously they start Pau and Bynum together... They are showing how much they miss L.O... whether its for the current team... for which they could have traded Bynum and LO for D-Will or Dwight... or just keep the team together and find a PG...
anon62::Sigh... I keep seeing the same problem for the last 12 games already. =.= Why has the Lakers' coaching staff still not see that this style of offense is flawed for the Lakers? In every Laker game, we keep hearing the commentators say that the Lakers strength is the 2 7-footers and Kobe... but in truth that's all they have. Take those away, and LAL is kaput.  Phoenix showed us how flawed it is to rely on a stagnant offensive set. The guys you rely upon keep logging in larger minutes coz they keep not producing on offense. 1-The low production keeps making LAL rely heavily on Kobe to create his own shots. 2-The opponents keep sending 2 players on Kobe whenever hes' on the elbow, so they force turnovers coz the man on the corner is not a consistent 3pt shooter. 3-The Turnovers keep piling up because the Spacing is bad. 4-The Spacing is bad coz there isn't enough movement. 5-There isn't enough movement coz the system don't really require the Lakers to do so.  The problems LAL have on the offense keeps compounding itself and in turn, create more problems.  The players may be playing hard, but this current offense does not matchup with the current roster very well, especially since the Lakers don't have the 3pt shooters, the ball-handler and the athletic players required to recover for transition D when things go wrong  to make this system work.  If I were Mike Brown, I'd reconsider how to space the floor for the Lakers and consider how to move the defense instead on concentrating on How to make Kobe/Pau/Andrew score.  This is one fu--ed system, no matter how I look at it. Even if the Lakers do get a PG, as long as this stupid System is in place, The ball-handler will turn the ball over if the opposing team keeps using the Halfcourt Corner Trap on the Lakers' ball-handler.
49erProudFan1980::This is just showing how amazing and great a coach phil jackson was.  Everyone keeps saying how he had these great starts but not even the coaches before him could get the same team to win like he could.
49erProudFan1980::10 turnovers?   holy crap kobe, even jeremy lin doesn't have that many.
YearOfTheBolts::can someone please $@%!$@ remind me when they made hand checking legal?  i feel ya kobe, damn
shaqatastic::Looks like KobME Cryant's fans are Cry babies as well.
MR. JUAN_YOUR WARLOCK::Ever since the league has allowed players to pull, grab, and/or hold on tight onto Kobe’s jersey... but they are not allowed to inhale in the vicinity of Lebron’s personal air.
earlealston::Please the whole Kobe gets fouled all the time argument only comes ups when the Lakers lose. Kobe gets the same, if not, better, special treament any superstar does. Lebron is more physical so it's harder to guard him without getting the whistle.
MR. JUAN_YOUR WARLOCK::You blinder than a bat in the middle of the day
Gillyballer1980::Stop dreaming. Lebron is played physical as well. Kobe just takes horrible shots
bball12127::I really want to tongue Amy Lee's butthole
Mr Calogero::Lakers just need a true PG. That's honestly all they need.
Olivia2920::They need a bench too
Troutflush::I dont understand why the management doesnt make some kind of effort for a trade as the team slowly falls back to the 6th then soon to be the 7th or 8th position in the west.... I guess they want to wait until after the all star game because the magic wont trade howard until the game is over so they can maximize their exposure in orlando..
KentAZ58::Please...  They need way more than that.  They have no bench.  They're locked into long term contracts for aging players on the decline.    C'mon, Lakers fans.  Do you really think that last year's humiliating sweep at the hands of the Mavs was a fluke?  It was a sign of things to come, even as no less than Magic himself said.
J-SMOOVE2023::Lakers will be making moves at the deadline guaranteed.
KentAZ58::Keep dreaming.    Arenas?  Maybe.  Howard?  Nope.
HangTime7_7::they don't need Howard they need a PG
South Central Los Angeles.::at the end of the day win or lose were still the LOS ANGELES LAKERS, the greatest franchose in basketball if not all sports
Olivia2920::Lol. yes the Lakers are the best franchise, but they will not beat the Thunder in a 7 game series or the Heat in the finals for many years to come. but I am sure those 16 banners are looking good in Staples Center. But then again its so easy to be a Lakers fan and bring up the championships when the team is not as good as the greatest franchise should be.
Troutflush::Watching the lakers play is still more interesting then watching all but about 3 teams in the league either way...  I will assume that the lakers will be playing well come the play offs and no one will want to play them.  they have one of the best home records in all of the NBA and only have to steal a game away... more then possible on any given night..
MR. JUAN_YOUR WARLOCK::Even in their darkest days, they are and will be forever still, a whole lot brighter than the brightest day of your AZ team... gotta go, see ya, wouldn’t wanna be ya
KentAZ58::Yeah, rely on your history.  Because the immediate future is not too bright.
gregt8181985::I would trade Luke Walton for a very good treadmill.  Think about it... what's more useful?
KentAZ58::So awesome to see the Lakers' decline.  When a lottery team beats you by a dozen, and you can't win on the road, you're in trouble.    This arrogant, classless bunch (with the exception of Derek Fisher), has finally come to a dead end.  It began last year in the playoffs, and continues this season.    No more rings for Kobe.  It's over.
KentAZ58::It's all relative.  (Although I'm not sure Kobe's ex would argue that he hasn't hurt anyone.  And thankfully the victims of Bynum's cheapshots haven't been seriously hurt)
bmbak5::"bad guys" get a grip bro. They play basketball, they don't hurt anyone.
KentAZ58::Not at all.  I'm gloating.    It's gratifying to see the bad guys get their comeuppance.  (That's the theme of many popular films)
bmbak5::You seem pretty upset.
bmbak5::I'm sorry those professional athletes make you so angry. I'm sure they feel the same way about you.
KentAZ58::Actually they're making me happy--because they're floundering.    And it looks like the Lakers will win just enough games to stay out of the lottery.     Of course they will go nowhere in the playoffs.
bmbak5::What makes them classless? Because they're not the team you root for?
KentAZ58::No...arrogant jerks like Kobe.  Thugs like Barnes and Bynum.  Idiot headcases like Artes...er, excuse me, "World Peace" (what an embarrassment).    I only wish that egotistical jerk Phil Jackson were still around to participate in the suffering.    This current Lakers team is a far cry from Magic and Kareem's Showtime squad.
workman47::Yeah other people's good fortune upsets me too I'm so glad the Lakers are losing and I can feel good about myself again!
SoCrazyIJusMightWork::Youtube the Chamillionaire/ Michael Jordan story
8th Account Created::Kobe criticizes Lakers about potential Gasol trade   http://www.nba.com/2012/news/02/19/kobes-rant.ap/index.html?ls=iref:nbahpt2
blackshirtsscary::awww how cute Kobe trying not to look like an as-shole and stand up for his teammate...... what a joke.
rainmaker626::Lol.. Bryant's just looking to blame Gasol for the lost
Valente9423::gasoft is done jajajajajajajaja
blackshirtsscary::get gasol for who?
blackshirtsscary::ha New jersey aint giving him away for gasol.
J-SMOOVE2023::D-Will
blackshirtsscary::i think the heat should try and get Steve Nash before deadline could you imagine? that lineup would be unstopable.
Olivia2920::No. Nash is a true PG who wants the ball and so does LBJ who takes the ball up most  of the time. it won't work, cause LeBron needs the ball in his hands as does Nash. I mean granted Nash will have to do less, but I really don't think it'll work.
workman47::Where do the Heat get the cap room for all these players???
truesportfanman::"the heat would be unstoppable", I've heard that before and then came up the wall of "choke".
blackshirtsscary::no none of them are even as half of good as steve nash.
blackshirtsscary::the suns would for 2 first round picks because they are an older team.
J-SMOOVE2023::Miller, Chalmers, 1st rd pick IDK, the heat cant give up a member of the big 3 to get him so thats the best offer unless u include haslem
J-SMOOVE2023::Miller, Pittman, Cole, 1st?
J-SMOOVE2023::is that not enough?
blackshirtsscary::what?
Dominic10002::WOW!!!
J-SMOOVE2023::If the Mavs pry KG off the Celtics and go into the playoffs with kidd, terry, west, carter, marion, dirk, haywood, kg, they going right back to the nba finals.
workman47::This was silly thing the first time you posted it.
blackshirtsscary::KG? why him hes washed up.
J-SMOOVE2023::as a backup to dirk and haywood, he could give them 28 mins a game, bring defense and energy off the bench.
blackshirtsscary::anyone else think that when that one chick was doing a one on one interview with jermey lin on sports center tonight, when she said so you dont think you are kim kardashian material thought he was going to say no im asian not black?
8th Account Created::http://www.nba.com/video/channels/top_plays/2012/02/19/20120219_top10.nba/?ls=iref:nbahpt1  WOW the #1 play has to one of the worst ever in the countdown history.
workman47::Yeah that was pretty weak.
blackshirtsscary::lebron should of been number 1.
jags77777::thats gotta be a joke. wow
J-SMOOVE2023::I wonder if the mavs are gonna land KG at the deadline.  cuz if they do, its a return trip to the nba finals
jags77777::LOL KG
workman47::I just threw up. BLAT!
8th Account Created::hahaahaahaaahhahahahaahhaa
8th Account Created::oh.
J-SMOOVE2023::im serious
MadddSammyboy::Mike Brown isn't doing a good job with this team. The offense has looked confused, lackadaisical, and unfocused. The defense, which has been this team's biggest strength so far, has nonetheless been inconsistent and at times shaky. Brown isn't taking advantage of mismatches and isn't rotating his lineups effectively.   All of which means one thing: Mike Brown is my favorite coach in the NBA this season.
blackshirtsscary::so your saying that you hate the lakers?
MadddSammyboy::Correct-o-rama.
dcjr7921::Shocker!!
workman47::I wish Mike Brown would just figure out a consistent rotation already.
dcjr7921::Hard to do when you get nothing from your bench.
workman47::Truth
ToureGarrett24::or SF
dcjr7921::or PG
8th Account Created::Lebron = Pippen
KentAZ58::LeBron&gt;Pippen.
truesportfanman::m.j. couldn't win the big one without me.  --scottie pippen
Olivia2920::I think the LBJ needs to be let go. I swear people treat him like he is a mass murderer lmao
blackshirtsscary::i mean wasnt as big of a fan but know that Lebrons there big fan dont ever miss a game with League pass.
jags77777::were u a heat fan before lebron came?
8th Account Created::haha surrrre
blackshirtsscary::yea.
blackshirtsscary::Both, im also a suns fan.
jags77777::black shirts are scary, are u a lebron fan, heat fan or both? jw
blackshirtsscary::blame the owner then not Lebron.
blackshirtsscary::try getting someone to come to cleveland buddy. He tried to but no one wanted to go play in cleveland.
blackshirtsscary::Yea he tried to get Bosh and Wade in Cleveland but they didnt want to, blame them not Lebron.
ToureGarrett24::So you're telling me players didn't wanna play with the so called best player in the league because he was in Clev? Is that the excuse you're going with
8th Account Created::or the Owner didnt want to pay up?
dcjr7921::Olajuwan couln't win one without Horry, Cassell or Kenny Smith.
dcjr7921::Him &amp; Clyde were done at that point. Hakeem didn't have much left either.
workman47::I wish they could've won another when Barkley arrived, Barkley is nasty he deserved a ring
ToureGarrett24::Don't forget the toughest player on the team. Otis Thorpe
dcjr7921::Dude made enough shots to get a job on TNT.
8th Account Created::Kenny Smith........................hahahah
blackshirtsscary::and people love MJ, but lebron goes to play with another great player he gets crucified
KentAZ58::Dan Gilbert betrayed the city of Cleveland, not LeBron.
KentAZ58::How about getting the owner of the Cavs to actually get LeBron some help after 7 long years?
truesportfanman::no, that's because lebron told his mom to sit her a$$ down in front of millions, promised to play in the slam dunk then weaseled out, stole the cavs pin from the fan, got posterized by the kid at basketball camp and hid the tapes, etc., etc...
jags77777::THE CHOSEN ONE. he betrayed his own city and state on national television and now hes trying to heal the wounds. his heart may be in the right place but the dude is a dumb-$@%
dcjr7921::Pippen came to Jordan's Bulls, not the other way around.
ToureGarrett24::He went to another great player's team. How about getting a great player to come with you since you're the so called KING and Alpha male of the NBA.
dcjr7921::How many NBA greats have won mulitple titles without a good supporting cast?
blackshirtsscary::i dont get what you are saying? i agree that people cant win without great players around him.
truesportfanman::If Kobe had 20 Rings, those goons would find a way to sound stupid.
dcjr7921::Then I'm addressing all the goons who keep crying about how Kobe didn't win titles til the team around him got better.
blackshirtsscary::thats what i have been trying to tell the faker fans tonight.
Olivia2920::my sentiments exactly.
ToureGarrett24::Cause they are defintely nothing you can win a title with.
truesportfanman::oh, Kobe's human after all.
dcjr7921::So if no one can, why is it expecting too much for Kobe to have better than Kwame Brown &amp; Smush Parker to win a title?
blackshirtsscary::exactly he cant win without help no one can.
dcjr7921::Really?! Cuz weren't you with the other clowns talkin about "Kobe can't win without a good supporting cast"?
blackshirtsscary::Sportscenter should just be called jermey lin center tonight, thats all they have been talking about.
truesportfanman::they're excited he chop-sueyed the mavs.
truesportfanman::not unless I'm racist against chop suey. But I like to eat it, though.
blackshirtsscary::is that a racist joke?
8th Account Created::Lebron will win a championship!    FICTION!
workman47::I thought everybody hated the Heat, not just Laker fans
blackshirtsscary::laker fans wont cry and bi-tch after the heat win the championship this year. --Fiction.
truesportfanman::lebron will grow hair.  --fiction
arsenal1470::Lakers are done. FACT
truesportfanman::Though 16 is a very respectful amount of Championship Banners to hang around, 24 is more fitting for the most Valuable Team in the NBA. Lakers are NOT done.
workman47::Those aren't even real sports teams
jags77777::whose your team arsenal?
ToureGarrett24::AC Milan&gt;Arsenal
truesportfanman::arsenal, pure fiction.
8th Account Created::Man U &gt; Arsenal  FACT
blackshirtsscary::i wish i had some bluberry gatorade right know.
