Chad Wiggins::funny how bad the bobcats look when its not 8 on 5... that dag on golden state game was some of the most disturbing looking rigged basketball i have ever seen
Rod Loth Jr::yep, they could build a new arena with all the bricks they are throwing up tonight.
Peter Knowe::home team shooting 15% amazing for NBA
Chris Louie::Ladies and gentlemen, your future Eastern Conference champions The Orlando Magic!
Duddly Jones::how this happens---------bettors like us are stupid
Matt Roberts::can somebody please explain to me how this happens?
Taylor Wells::time to break even bobcats
Manuel Paulino::Let's go vegas do your Job!   This was supposed to be an easy pick and see how Orlando manhandled the bobcats.  They are the one covering all the time now they get killed by the worst team on the road, the lowly magic.  Just some millions.
Woody Munk::Pathetic none of these clowns should get paid for playing basketball
Peter Knowe::neither team can shoot its funny they are pros in name only
Gejsi Marku::Welcome back Vucevic!
Vitez Koja::Vucevic (ankle) will start Wednesday's game against the Bobcats.
Andy P Kordyban::As bad as the Bobcats are, they easily could be the 3rd best team in the conference.
Jeeves Sritharan::gatta love the bobcats  they're playing angry, it's about time ; )
Biz Vercetti::Garbage shooting night,  disappointed by guard play to say the least
Peter Knowe::home team shoots only 28% in first and lead by two, Magic are really sad on the road
Joshua Smith::The bobcats giving points at home like they are big dogs.. . Please
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Bobcats have a funeral in attendance
Peter Knowe::1-10 road records says it all bet Bobcats
Joshua Smith::Wrong bet
Aube Rouge::The Magic are due.
Bobby Brennan::how can I watch this game on the internet?
Thomas Neff::just bet on Bobcats
Sam Acerra::is vucevic out?
Peter Knowe::16% to 12% its so sad
Chris Thomas::Wooooo
Jon Bruno::Bobcats are so bad against a poor team that it looks like it's a rigged game
