James Belandres::delayed by what?  did they need time to google how to play defense?
Andrew Doyle::Roof leaking onto court,
Vincent Lee::Andrew Doyle  First ever "rain delay" in NBA history ? lol...
Dina Boyd::iญญญ gญeญญญญญญญt pญญญญญญaญญญญญญiญญญญญญd oญญญญญญvญญญญญญญeญญญญญญญr $ญญญญญญญญญ8ญญญญญญญญญญ7 pญญญญญญeญญญญญญญr hญญญญญญญญญoญญญญญญญญญuญญญญญญญญญญญr wญญญญญญญoญญญญญญrญญญญญญญญkญญญญญญiญญญnญญญญญญgญญญ ญญญญfญญญrญญญญญญoญญญญญญm hญญญญญoญญญญญmญญญญญe wญญญญญญiญญญญญtญญญญญญh 2ญญ ญญkญญญญญญiญญญญญdญญญญญs aญญญญญญญญt hญญญoญญญmญญญญญญeญญญญญญญ. Iญญญญญญญญญญญญญญ nญญญญญญeญญญญญญญญญญญvญญญญญeญญญญญr tญญญญญญญญhญญญญญoญญญญญญญญuญญญญญgญญญญญญญญญhญญญญญญญญtญญญญญญ Iญญญญญ'ญญญญญญd bญญญญญญญญe ญญญญญญญญญableญญญญญญญญญญ ญญญtญญญo ญญญญญdoญญ ญiญญtญญญ ญญญญbutญญญญญ ญญญญmyญ ญญญbญญeญญญญญญญsญญt ญfญriend eaญญญrญnญsญ ญญญoญญvญeญrญ ญญญ1ญ0ญkญญญญญ aญ ญmonthญ ญdoingญ thญiญs ญaญnญdญ ญsญhญeญ ญcญoญnญvญiญnญcญeญdญ ญmญeญ ญtญoญ ญtญrญyญ.ญ ญTญhญeญ ญpญoญtญeญnญtญiญaญlญ ญwญiญtญhญ ญtญhญiญsญ ญiญsญ ญeญnญdญlญeญsญsญ.ญ ญHญeญrญeญsญ ญwญhญaญtญ ญIญ'ญvญeญ ญbญeญeญnญ ญdญoญiญnญgญ,ญ.ญ.ญ.ญ.ญ..   wญwญw.Jญoญbญsญ8ญ1.Cญoญm
Quintus Greene::My boy Lin +28. Needs a rain delay every night, lol.
Carl Mebane::loser
Stanley Ng::Lin shutting down Wall, yet again
Adam Hillman::so much for that
Alphonso Darnelle Polk::u must be blind if u think Lin shut down Wall just be quiet my goodness u guys support Lin even when he is getting killed
Eric Jvon Thomas::Asians are not that smart
Leland Wong::It seems like everyone on this board is on the  same page now, but the Rox coaching need to do the same thing. They know that ballhogging, Iso and turnover garbage with Harden does not work, he is no LBJ and don't treat him like one. If Harden can play some offense and defense most of us will be happy. Let Lin be the PG, CP25 and TJ be the forwards. JH can not played all positions in offense and disappears on defense.
Calvin Long::You know the Rox gonna lose when McFail lets Harden iso and force the ball into Dwight.  All the players are standing around looking at Harden and Dwight.  The Rox got their 26 point lead by running and distributing the ball.
Leland Wong::Very happy that we won, the Rox. Would someone tell JH he is a SG not a PG, five quick turnovers and that Iso stuff nearly gave the game and a 25 pt lead away. McHale need to start coaching and let ppl know what their roles are
Bruce S Hirsch::wall -5 pts in 90 seconds with lin out
Luhao Lu Zhao::what happened to lin?
Figaro Tsai::Harden likes to control the ball but seldom dominates the game. He needs to learn how to help teammates play better. He should concentrate more on attacking and scoring and let PG organize the system.
Alphonso Darnelle Polk::The problem with Houston is is that they run no offense at all its mainly harden and HOward playing pick and roll or penetrate and kick out to shooters............McHale is not a good coach Rockets don't have the coach to take them any higher than they already are
Uri Birenberg::why Casppi is not getting enough Min? 14 points in 18 min with great shooting eve. when he is "hot" he should play more, cant coach Mchale see it?
April Cikstean::The commentators who call Lin "deceptively quick" need to get their stereotypes right. Don't they know that Asians are supposed to be quick?
Carl Mebane::NOT!!!!!!
Craig Keller::blacks are quick asians are sneaky
James Martin::It's almost like the Rockets only know how to play teams that are on TV a lot.
Quintus Greene::So we're gonna go to that James Harden 4th quarter game again?
Carl Mebane::YES!!!!!!!!
Rob Soldo::Mchale's 4th quarter tactics are 2nd to none
Chris S Ethridge::Rockets win
Sammy Bissett::This Ronnie Brewer experiment can't end quick enough.
Alphonso Darnelle Polk::Amen to that
Leland Wong::Jones a monster night, keep it up, he was all over the place.
Ron Schaffer::Jones had a big night.
Vincent Lee::T Jones !!!
Chris S Ethridge::Go Rockets
Harold Nations::don't know which team is more frustrating to watch, Golden State or Houston.  Both are fully capable of blowing ANY lead.
Harold Nations::Which may have something to do with Curry and Hardin leading the league in turnovers.  doesn't help that Curry is in maybe the worst shooting slump of his career.
Leland Wong::John Wall had 20 pts tonight, was JL guarding him or Wall did the damage when some one else was guarding him?
Carl Mebane::JL was on him...haha
Tony Nguyen::He had 23 points on 22 shots and 7 of those points were vs brooks. Wall didnt really go off till the 4th when lin had 4 fouls. Whats funny is when bev let parker get 27 points on 27 shots bev got praised as such a good defensive player now wall 23 points on 22 shots people say lin was getting killed lol.
Craig Keller::shot 8-22 those are ball hog numbers!
Chern Wan Yen::Bad coaching....should time up before your opponent lead the score
Jua Kupanda Eetwidomaloh::If the Rockets could beat all the teams they should they would get the #2 seed.
Jason Benjamin Poag::Houston playing tough team ball. If lin  can get 18 @  8 Houston will be thrilled.
Jean Chen::Rain water leaking on the court, but game is starting now
