dkbiggs81::you stupid mf's watch one game with ellis on the bucks and are all of a sudden "oh yeah! buck are fun to watch and monte is runnin the gs style on the buck" forreals though.... REALLY?????!?!? lol
Mattyb2420::you're an idiot
Wolves_Brasil::<u></u>
Sandmanthegreatest::Good try Milwaukee, but you are not making it to the playoffs
utlonghorns219::ya i really wouldnt be that suprised if they passed up the celtics considering their upcoming schedule
BennyBus::Who is going to the playoff in their place? The bottom half of the East sucks....including the Knicks.
jim222w::Must be rough being a Knicks fan.
Miller Park After Dark::milwaukee bucks:  a fun team to watch?!  its been awhile!
elvisizer::since 2001 . . well, ok, the playoff series against the hawks a couple of years ago was fun, too.
Milwaukee Bucks.::THye were always a fun team to watch. Your just a bndwagon $@%
neymar079::gsw die
neymar079::monteeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
neymar079::monta we luv ya son
neymar079::how can you trade mota ellis and not s curry that flash baird white $@%!$@
yorkallday::aquille carr 5'6 got 57 points in a game, averages 30 in high school committed to seton hall   espn sais carr is next big thing si compared him to nash.... NBA WATCHOUT  more on the little aquille carr http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
uwisfan34::At '5'6" 140 lbs, he will be fighting the odds the entire way, very few guys that size have the tools to succeed in the NBA.
Miller Park Mecca::Yea we all know how often guys at that height turn into NBA all stars....
SallieManda::Yeah TJ567, there was this game that set the SEC record http://bit.ly/zcantq
SallieManda::Yeah TJ567, there was this game that set the SEC record http://bit.ly/zcantq
Shadow_Boxer_WVU::I always liked Golden States up and down style I thought they were the most entertaining team to watch at home. But now the Bucks play that same style in the East and it will end up getting them the 8th seed in the play offs.. Amazing how the Bucks went from boring as all heck to up n down run n gun for fun..
Miller Park Mecca::Ridding Stephen Jackson is a boon to the Bucks, in the locker room and on the floor. They recognize who their shooters are now better than they did earlier in the season and it's paid off. Jennings just needs to be more of a playmaker instead of trying to make it happen by himself. Hopefully with another capable scorer he will do that.
WarriorsGO::yea but entertaining doesnt get u anywhere in the playoffs. Teams will adjust and force their below average shooters to shoot jump shots and thats where the % play a key factor.
dcenate2012::Why did mike dunleavy get booed today
WarriorsGO::because we drafted him in the lottery and he sucked for us. Like badly.
packersfanfrom89::That sounds more like a Golden State management problem then anything.  Dunleavy is an above average NBA player.  Any team that would have drafted him with hopes of him being a "lottery pick" deserves to be shunned.
jso1392::Bogut**
jso1392::I feel like warrior fans think bought is an all star caliber big man, if so you're all in for a rude awakening next year. Although he is a good defender, his offensive game is terrible. He shoots sub 50 percent for a guy who doesn't take a single jump shot. His rebound ability is terrible, anyone who is 7' 1 should be able to reel in 11+ boards a game and he can't. And he is unbelievably inconsistent. Bucks won this trade big time, especially because of bogus salary. 15 mil per season? For stats ersan puts up for 2 million.
TehGame::lol this guy doesnt know anything about Bogut, he is a rebounding Machine and has been great post scorer the past 3 seasons....
longgrassgrows::in those 70 games he has played...great, maybe we can get 20 of those out of him next year...this trade sucked
Miller Park Mecca::I agree the Bucks made out a bit better on this trade, but Bogut is a good player. FYI he's shot 52.2% for his career, not to mention he's a blocking machine. When healthy, he puts up 15-16 points,10-11 boards and 3 blocks a night consistently, that's extremely useful.
WarriorsGO::this year he averaged under 50%. So u got that part right cept for he averages over 50% for his career. Believe us Warriors fans even if the guy averaged 8 points and 8 rebounds with 1.5 blocks per game it will be a huge improvement over any of the centers we have had in LONG time. BUT we all know that Bogut can produce better numbers then what I just posted and Its not all about numbers. Having a presence in the paint will do alot for a team. Udoh does that and helped our team alot without having great stats. Udoh to me was the only thing in this trade that I fealt like we lost on.
Jesse_Magic_fan::I'm glad Warriors fans gave Ellis standing ovations and cheered loud for him.  He deserves it.
SB4LlFE::Hopefully the W's can draft a good SF that can slash/penetrate this summer.
Lundeezy::kidd-gilchrist
WeAreMarquette123::Barnes
SB47-Locker10::MONTA PUNISHES OLD TEAM !! TELLS WARRIORS CONTINUE YOUR CURSE OF BAD TRADES!!
bucks4sho::PRINCE LRMAM killed it tonite but it was too easy for the whole team.  Keep passing to the open man...thats all it takes
Lundeezy::luc richard balled hard
jzalvarado::really because i remember when we traded Dunleavy and Diagu for Stephen Jackson AND Also trading for Baron Davis THAT PUSHED the Warriors into a playoff team
WarriorsGO::honestly I dont think he affected the game tonight. It was more of the other Bucks, especially Moute.
SB4LlFE::It was an actual good trade. They've been mediocre for so long and it was time to shake things up.
longgrassgrows::they are going to be mediocre after this...you realize that right
WiscCHISportsFan12::GG Warrior fans.
Malcyon1::GG GN LTFMEY
WarriorsGO::gg
WarriorsWarrior::gg gn
Lundeezy::Where was dick jefferson tonight?
Lundeezy::solid pick up. warriors might play some d next year
WarriorsGO::hopefully.
WarriorsGO::couldnt play cuz jackson hasnt done his physical
WarriorsWarrior::for the first time in a while I see the Warriors making the playoffs next year! No joke!
WarriorsGO::as long as the starters dont get hurt I could see that happening.
WarriorsGO::ty
WarriorsWarrior::gl
WarriorsGO::haha :D sucks cuz im joining Navy in a couple months. Hope where ever I go I will be able to get Warriors channel. I dont care if I gotta pay $50 a month just for that channel I would do it.
WarriorsWarrior::Yeah and I'm not talking eighth-seed last day of the year either. Haha
Oaktown1029::Who would you say is the leader of the Warriors right now? it seems this week they've played on emotion - either great or like tonight...who will balance them?
WarriorsWarrior::David Lee
WarriorsGO::Lee is the most vocal thats for sure.
Oaktown1029::I would like to think either Lee or Curry, but I don't know if their real team leaders. IDK.
WarriorsGO::wont know until next year.
jzalvarado::Right Now.. McGuire and Nate
Lundeezy::Udoh&gt;Bogut
Lundeezy::looking like pat ewing out there
WarriorsGO::maybe in future.
espnbannedmeagain2::<i> <b> <u> BUCKS FAN HERE.  SORRY WARRIORS, BUT YOUR TEAM SUCKS. ACTUALLY THEY HAVE SUCKED FOR A LONG TIME </u></b></i>
packer4rob1::sorry about him..bucks fan here, we have 0 right to tell anybody that they suck or sucked.  We've had some good teams, but never quite enough, and some really bad teams also.  Good luck to the warriors, we seemed to get a great deal here, hopefully we can extend Ellis and Jennings and be set for the future.  Bogut is a class act and when healthy can be a force down low, so hope he works out for you guys.
packer4rob1::sorry about him..bucks fan here, we have 0 right to tell anybody that they suck or sucked.  We've had some good teams, but never quite enough, and some really bad teams also.  Good luck to the warriors, we seemed to get a great deal here, hopefully we can extend Ellis and Jennings and be set for the future.  Bogut is a class act and when healthy can be a force down low, so hope he works out for you guys.
SB47-Locker10::OLD NEWS!! Warrior fans know already no need to rub it in.. Actually Bucks are garbage too!!! :) LOL
SB4LlFE::they actually have a bright future, if you can't see i t, then you're just another ignorant fool
espnbannedmeagain2::<i>  YOU UNDERSTAND? </i>
WarriorsGO::if u gonna be a troll u could atleast be funny.
espnbannedmeagain2::NOPE THE FISH ARE BITING AND MY MOTOR IS OUT OF GAS
WarriorsGO::good to know. coming out from under that bridge soon?
espnbannedmeagain2::<i>  WHEN I GO BOATING AND FISHING SOMETIMES I USE A TROLLEY MOTOR </i>
WarriorsWarrior::Nice font.
WarriorsGO::yes I understand ur a troll
WarriorsGO::ok.
jzalvarado::Patterns of Warriors Mismanagement: starting with last year's draft:  I like Udoh alot but you have the chance to draft your franchise center in Greg Monroe and decide to get cute with the draft. THAT IN TURN forces the Warriors to rely on Biedrins WHICH IN TURN forces the Warriors to pursue a Center in Free Agency this year WHICH IN TURN forces the Warriors to cut Jeremy Lin and Reggie Williams AND THEN decide to Amnesty Charlie Bell.  SO NOW you have to rely on Andris Biedrins again WHICH IN TURN forces you to take on Massive Salary just to get your hands at an All Star Caliber Center
ryanwidor::Bogut is no longer an all-star.  He has never played a full 82 game season since entering the league.  You guys got a true injury prone big with very weak offense.  We are talking about a guy that misses 50% from the popup zone.
WarriorsGO::Monroe is not a center anyways.
Funnyman4WI::Really?  Where does he start each game?  The guy is 6'11'' 253 lbs.  How much bigger does he need to be for you to consider him a center?  Monroe and Hakeem Olajuwon are practically the same size, the guy is a center.
darwinislord::This game sums up the trade.
alexmullihan::it would be an even trade if bogut stays healthy for next year, but i dont see that happening. the guy is a trainwreck
zmichalo39::Their biggest pick ups werent even in the game you moron...we wont be able to tell who won the trade until next year most likely. depending on how well bogut performs and if he can stay healthy.
Funnyman4WI::After watching Bogut's entire pro career, I can tell you right now he won't stay healthy.  Bogut hasn't played an entire year since his rookie season.  Expect great defense and team leadership from Bogut, but also expect him to be out of the lineup for at least a third of the season.
WarriorsGO::not sure how but ok
WarriorsGO::no plz tell me score.
espnbannedmeagain2::<b> HOW ARE YOU NOT SURE HOW?  DID YOU NOT SEE THE SCORE? </b>
SB47-Locker10::Milwaukee massacre!!!
WarriorsWarrior::Go Warriors. gg mil fans
Oaktown1029::Bogut does not have chronic injuries - he fell awkwardly on his elbow and stepped on someone's foot - it's bad luck. Can it happen again? sure, but I think the Warriors checked all that out. He is coming back healthy, it's not if he does...
Funnyman4WI::Bogut has chronic back problems.  The Bucks often would rest him, even when healthy, to compensate for his back issues.
WiscoMase23::Bogut is a cancer. he is a great guy, but he cant stay healthy to save his life. if you warrior fans are expecting a full season out of him, you can forget about it
dcenate2012::He has been injured for the past 3 seasons lol but yeah I think he can make a come back.
WarriorsGO::And if he gets injured again it doesnt matter. In a few years bogut, Jefferson, Beidrins contracts will all be up and we will officially be able to rebuild instead of having big contracts and finishing high enough to not get a good pick like we have been doing since ive been alive.
Funnyman4WI::You don't know what you are talking about.  The Warriors took on more salary than the Bucks did during the trade and Milwaukee got an expiring contract in Kwame Brown.
WarriorsGO::another thing. Broken bones either are healed or they are not. Once they are healed they are healed. Its not like Curry's situation where its a tendon and will keep coming back to bother him.
WarriorsWarrior::We are idiots..  Get dumped by 22... and still talking about next year! haha no hope!
jzalvarado::WarriorsWarrior I hope Udoh, doesn't become the Robert Parrish/Kevin Mckale for Joe Barry Caroll! ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  All three players involved (well four technically) are good solid players BUT not perennial Superstars.  Although in terms of impact, the Warriors sure brought back alot of extra salary Banking on the HOPE that Bogut will be healthy.  If Bogut is NOT Healthy, we are absolutely F.ucked until the contracts of Biedrins and Jefferson come off the books in 2013-2014
WarriorsWarrior::Yup
gcd8::let's say warriors have a 5-10 draft pick who do they need for next year,
SB4LlFE::the only pick in the lottery for them is top 7.  either a 3/4 slasher or another C
jzalvarado::Harrison Barnes or BUST ;)
buckspackers23::Monta with a +33 tonight, haha.
Edward4515::LMRAM at +35, KING
gcd8::i bet the warriors draft that guy from kentucky with their first pick,
bucksroq::Baby ellis was such a good trade i mean bogut is always hurt
PadresChargersClippers::I have no idea why I'm on the warriors conversation room, all I know is that it's less annoying than the clipper chatrooms, laker fans ALWAYS troll.
WarriorsWarrior::Because we speak  basketball not crap
gcd8::i didn't even now u were allowed to trade for a guy that is hurt, i thought they had to pass a physical or something,
gcd8::hope the warrirors got good health insurance on the guy he's always hurt gonna be like yao ming i believe
jzalvarado::he did.  Both Medical staffs evaluated him and gave him a clean bill of health sans the broken ankle
jzalvarado::I remember when the Bucks took Corey Maggette off our hands and thinking Boy Bucks Management CANNOT be that stupid.  Well unless we have a healthy Bogut next year, it's looking like Bucks Front Office just repayed us Back.
Gt_jackets89::Hehe I was happy to have him come not knowing how lame he was
PadresChargersClippers::Maggette was the reason I became a clipper fan lol
WarriorsWarrior::I hope Udoh, doesn't become the Robert Parrish/Kevin Mckale for Joe Barry Caroll!
Oaktown1029::The Bucks would need a "Larry Bird" for that happen - they don't have anybody like him.
WarriorsWarrior::I don't remember the trade but anyways!
PadresChargersClippers::Are the warriors going to trade for blake griffin, draft austin rivers and attempt to have an all half white/black starting lineup?
PadresChargersClippers::it was a joke, although I'd trade Griffin for Lee in a second!
Gambling and Rambling::Why would you draft Rivers all he does is shoot 3 and miss Free Throws dont you already have bunch of guys like that???
gcd8::and why would the clips trade griffin other than he can't shoot fts
Gambling and Rambling::Is Warrior organization going to baby Curry his entire career??? Get rid of him
Gambling and Rambling::Its almost like they are treating him like their child. He is your asset play him while you have him he is not your baby its a job
Gt_jackets89::He's the closest thing they have to a below-average player, so they should keep him.
Mrkobefan2417::Monta ellos baby
Gambling and Rambling::Followed the whole game just realized did Curry play?? Not arent you warrior fans sick of this soft MTFKer
Gambling and Rambling::If I was warriors fan I would be pissed at Currys lack of toughness period.
WarriorsGO::Has nothing to do with toughness lol
Oaktown1029::what?
THA TRUTH 365::ELLIS GETS TRADED ON THURSDAY, STARTS WITH NEW TEAM ON FRIDAY, STILL GETS 18 , MVP.
THA TRUTH 365::IT WAS A JOKE
THA TRUTH 365::BUT IT'S STILL TOUGH TO SCORE 18 WITHOUT KNOWING THE PLAYS, SOME GUYS HAVE BEEN ON THE SAME TEAM FOR YEARS AND STILL CANT SCORE 18.
PadresChargersClippers::6-15 is not MVP like. He's good but chill out.
gcd8::yeah real tough going to a new nba team hard to learn the playbook or anything
dcenate2012::He's been busy
Gt_jackets89::*Wednesday
THA TRUTH 365::TOMATO, TAMATO
Lundeezy::lane violation
gcd8::poor notre dame
jzalvarado::What impresses me is how the H.ell Nate Robinson morphed into a near true Point Guard now that the Warriors have none on the roster.  I thought he'd be chuckin it up about twenty times a night like he tried to do in limited run off the bench.  The opposite of that has occurred, and I for one couldn't be happier to bring him back next year.
Oaktown1029::yeah, Warriors need him right now to play hard the remainder of the season - I think he will.
opethbrewcrew::This was a good trade for the deer
hoofhearted30::May as well go get D'Antoni and make the transformation complete
gcd8::golden state and milwaukee both great at drafting players, let's start with milwaukee, love the joe alexander and yu lin back to back picks, and golden state udoh number 6 overall from baylor solid
hoofhearted30::gcd8 has a point - so many top draft picks between them, so little playoff representation.
Lundeezy::udoh is a beast
gcd8::at least the brewers got braun for a whole year, nl central should be a  tight 3 team race this year
jzalvarado::U must be trippin if you're calling Udoh a bust.  By far the best defensive big man drafted in that draft class.  Better than Monroe and Cousins combined..  He's just a good power forward having to play Center because of the Warriors a.ssinine free agent moves
gcd8::what about larry sanders
Gt_jackets89::until he carries us, no
Gt_jackets89::Gotta remember Leuer, he's gonna be a real beast when he gets minutes
gcd8::jennings maybe, curry maybe,
gcd8::where are the good ones
dcenate2012::You only included the busts?
PadresChargersClippers::I really wish I could see what the Warriors look like at 100%, right now people are just calling them idiots for getting rid of a flashy scorer.
jakeschmeling::i think the trade benefited both teams...helped you guys with the C got bucks a SG...but since we got udoh and are able to dump kwame brown for cap next offseason...bucks won the trade
jakeschmeling::oh well thats what he does...when he's healthy...good luck
SB4LlFE::The W's have plenty of scorers, they've been missing a true C the past few years.
opethbrewcrew::Dont forget his 2 stints on the ir per year
jakeschmeling::I don't the trade is idiotic but I do think warrior fans way overvalue what bogut is...he's not a star...he's a 12 point max 10 board guy...good...not great
hoofhearted30::Agree - Lee doesnt like that, and Biedrins may even find someone to enthuse him a bit.
SB4LlFE::It's not about being  star, just needed a true C who can defend and do the dirty work.
Taymoc33::Bogut is hurt stupid face
dcenate2012::Bogut and Curry will never be healthy stupid face
dcenate2012::They are at 100%
bill 40::Well this game proves it........Bucks are going all the way now!!!!!!!!!
