Brandon Duenas::Time for the Suns to get payback on the Grizz! Thank god Bayless the Suns killer isn't with Memphis anymore.
Vladimir Tsalyuk::the killer for the suns is that Bledsoe their only good player is out. they stand no chance
Brandon Duenas::Vladimir Tsalyuk their only good player? You must not know who Goran Dragic is. He's the best player on the Suns. Bledsoe is great and important to the team... but how can you ignore Dragic like that? Let me guess. You're trolling.
Vladimir Tsalyuk::Brandon Duenas no actually if you think dragic is better than Bledsoe ur the one trolling. actually anyone who says that dragic is better than ANY other player is trolling.
Lindsay Frischenmeyer::Go Grizz from Phoenix!! The last 10 or so games the Grizz have shown hope when Big Spain returns. Can't wait to see the Grizz when they play in Phoenix in May!
Brandon Duenas::Bledsoe's injury sucks. Suns fans, check out the article I wrote up on what it means for the Suns and what they could look to do in the short term. Thanks! GO SUNS!  http://isportsweb.com/2014/01/09/suns-guard-eric-bledsoe-indefinitely/
Shanny Salcedo::you guys talking about suns winning cause bayless is gone are jokes lol.....Don't forget the suns have to worry about all-star point guard Mike Conley who can turn it up whenever he wants
Kevin Russell::http://kevinrussell7571.wix.com/vipsportspicks
Joshua Hsu::why in the heck do running teams stop running in the 4th? i don't understand the logic in basketball coaching. you got a lead by running and pushing. why do the suns all of a sudden think they can play half court basketball against this memphis D???
David Tatro::Gotta hand it to Memphis, they really have our number this year. I am terrified to think how dangerous they will be when they get Marc Gasol back! On to the next one though! Gotta take this next game in Detroit.
Joel Bastareche::phoenix is one of the most surprising team in the league,thanks to the prolific tandem of dragic and bledsoe..time for revenge,bayless is out and with the boston bench.
Greg Bosgraaf::Weird that there hasn't been any "I hate Pera and Joerger and blame them for everything that's happened" posts yet, maybe I'm too early.
Remington Brown::This should be a great game, and to Vladimir that said Dragic isnt a good player lol ur a joke. Last time vs the Grizz, Dragic had 33 points
Peter Krane::GG Suns fans.  Grit N Grind Grizzlies!!!
Shawn Bento::Bledsoe may be out for the season... Killer for a team that's one of the NBA's best surprises
Eddie Cruz::How dare you show your face on a Suns board!? ha jokes. It may take 6 weeks, plus with our miracele staff we can expedite the rehab. I expect to see him back no later than April.
Clint Wenger::Calathes is the worst player in the league. SMH
Rick Lowry::Good Game Memphis..Go Suns>>>>
Scott West::Man, we just cant seem to find a way to beat this team
Jerrica Bondoc::thank you grizzzzz!!!!
David Smith::When is Barbosa going to be playing?
Errol Thomas Jr::Conley in beast mode!  #GNG
Kenny Newhouse::Let's go Grizz!
