Robdee999::Damnit. I wanted to go see my Pacers get a win but I was too busy to go. I will catch the next game tho...
J-SMOOVE2019::Dwight Howard likes to lose
kaharevic::howard 24 points 13 rebounds 2 blocks, what else does he have to do? other players need to step up, also howard had as much assists then anyone else, sad
AFarmer777::Dwight Howard.... 24 Points, 13 Rebounds nice huh? 1 Assist... that's the story; he's selfish, throws his team under the bus a few days before. Where ever he goes he will bring the team down.
hofersf49::lol when has it become a centers job to dish the ball?
the702shogun::this team is a mess, just an absolute mess. do i want dwight to leave, no i don't, but if he does, i'll understand. do something otis
a2hoo::3 way trade that should happen: To Nets: Dwight Howard, Omri Cassipi, 2012 Magic 2nd round pick to Cavs- Brook Lopez, MarShon Brooks, Hedo  to Magic- Antawn Jamison and Mehmet Okur (expirings to balance salaries), Nets 2012 1st round pick, Cavs 2012 1st round pick, Sac future #1 pick (highly protected though- owned by Cle), Houston 2012 #1 pick (owned by Nets, top 14 protected), 2014 nets 1st round pick, 2013 Heat 1st round pick, future Cavs 1st rounder IF the Sacramento pick doesnt become a #1 pick  so.. Magic get back 6 1st round picks, likely 2 of which will be lottery picks in 2012 AND lose Hedo's salary
ACandOJ::Have you ever seen a supposedly decent team take so many 20 point spankings in 7 days before??
nba is the worst::Magic might as well not come out of the locker room in the 2nd half
Vote_for_Ron_Paul_2012::Come on Magic, get it together
RenQuist28::Howard for Bynum. No Pau for you! The question is when not if. My guess is right after the AS break.
RenQuist28::Griffin is already a superstar and he's getting paid rookie money. And he will only get better. The Clippers have already said they won't trade Griffin. So if Otis thinks a package centered around DeAndre Jordan (that just sounds funny) is better than Bynum they should go for it.
RenQuist28::Lol... Clippers aren't trading Griffin. Bynum = best deal Magic is going to get.. sorry to break it to you, but that's the truth
reggiemillerizbeast::no sir as much as i love d12 and the magic i hope  the other LA team trades for d12.... griffin and jordan for d12 and ryan anderson... thats a way better deal than bynum unless LAL gives up pau with bynum
KingDavidXIX::Do you really think the Clippers will give up the FRANCHISE player in Griffin and a young rising star in Jordan ....You're out of your mind ....In a couple of years they the Clippers will be a championship contender ....
CandySparker::
Leonard Washington.::Good job Howard, he throws his team-mates under the bus and now they are even worse off.
palanador21::Don't blame Howard because those damn scrubs can't do their job.  They are professionals and need to act like it..
Clenbutador::Is Shaq teaching Howard how to shoot FTs?
0mar4449::danny is really helping the pacers in terms of getting in the playoff, thats why i said don't look pass the pacers
greg94327::D12 to Chicago.
0mar4449::if you seen spurs play, even though they lost, if seen a shot tim duncan made were his is going to bank the shot going to his right, those are shots howard needs to practice, and shots similar to thats, thats not under the basket, that would probably help his game out a lot.
0mar4449::thats were gasol and bynum and tim duncan excels in,
epolanco45::I want to see what people say on this but in your opinion is Paul George overrated?
Reds30417::Not overrated. Keep in mind this is his second year
TotallyFknRad::I can't stand him but he's talented....VERY soft player
Taco with a Q::He needs to be more consistant on the offensive end..but overrated?  not at all
romeo9o9@yahoo.com::It appears Magic fans will do anything to keep Dwight Howard in Orlando for the remainder of the season. Even if it means losing him in free agency. Go for it let Dwight Howard walk.
csmeech::Ok...now I am leaving...lol.
csmeech::I don't want him traded.  I just know it's inevitable that this is his last year.  Without him this team will be terrible.  I think Otis just kept him because he wanted some wins to try get into the playoffs.  All about filling those seats
csmeech::I meant I don't want him gone.
spbynum1::You're not thinking about it from a long-term business perspective.
W.ABBS::i'm a magic fan, and I want him traded. The morale of the team is horrific.
0mar4449::even if they trade him they would still need a decent point guard as well
csmeech::That's entirely possible.  However, there are many surprises that happen before the trade deadline.  Hey, right now you should have Paul.
Taco with a Q::That would be dumb on the Magic's part
Blac Dynamite::The Nets need  to find out if they can get D-12 now If they can't, they need to move DeRon Williams soon BD
spbynum1::Net's are a burned bridge. Orlando owner killed that deal already. No longer in the running in terms of trade BUT they can still get him as a FA.
Taco with a Q::I never cared for Amundson....but this is why we brought him to Indy...he had a great game tonight!!!
Blac Dynamite::The Clippers showed up with a HUGE win tonight over a hot Nuggets squad in Denver  Jordan with 13 Boards and 5 Blks Blake Superior with 17/13/4Blks Billups 32 pts CP3 25/7/6  The Lakers won't be able to touch them by March......with or without D-12 BD
csmeech::Well, we will agree to disagree there.  Great debating with you.  Who knows?  Maybe I am wrong.  I just don't want to have another guy like TMac or GHill always injured.  Maybe they do it.  What the hell do I know.  Just my opinion.  Have a great night.
csmeech::Well, he and Kobe would be an amazing duo.  That would be even more exciting than Kobe/Shaq.  Howard can move.
spbynum1::Dwight is good but he's not Shaq. Kobe and Dwight would be a great duo but without the right role players, it means nothing. Right now, the Lakers need a new PG, SF and have the worst bench in the league. That is why the Lakers need to save Gasol to trade for depth and possibly sign Garnett in the offseason.
csmeech::My point is this.  With Howard, in my opinion, the Lakers are clearly better than the Clippers.  There would be no question.  Without him the momentum is in the Clippers favor.
spbynum1::Howard may make the Lakers better than the Clippers, but it's not enough for a title. That is the only thing that matters to the Lakers.
csmeech::Not the point.  The Clippers, for as long as it has taken, have finally put together a contender.  Whether you want to watch them or not is irrelevant.  When Miami acquired Lebron, Magic fans were desperate.  Our in-state rival just trumped us.  Now, the Lakers are faced with the same deal unless they land another star.  They need another star, but have cap issues.  Is there really an argument there?
spbynum1::thank God only the clippers are arguably better than us but nowhere NEAR by far lol
csmeech::If a team in your division is better than you by far, you won't win a title.
spbynum1::none of it matters if you don't win a title. Laker fans don't care about anything else.
csmeech::Not about Legacy..  Wins and losses.  They instantly became the better team.  3 of your 5 starters are all-stars.  Any way you look at that it's a great improvement.
spbynum1::There is, in fact. When Miami got Lebron and Bosh, they became leaps and bounds better than the Magic. It is not cut and dry between the Lakers and Clippers.
romeo9o9@yahoo.com::Really?? is that what you guys are concerned with? I like the magic 100x more than the heat. Orlando Magic legacy is far superior to the Miami heats. After Lebron James fails to win a tittle with Miami Heat everyone will forget about them and move on. The magic will still be relevant no matter how poorly or great they play.
csmeech::...see?
romeo9o9@yahoo.com::Don't believe the espn hype train no one in Socal gives a damn about the Clippers.
romeo9o9@yahoo.com::Who cares about the clippers? I want to watch Elite players play in staples center not scrubs.
csmeech::Lakers are desperate.  They know without D12 they can't keep up with the constantly improving Clippers
spbynum1::then we can trade somewhere else. we dont NEED Howard.
csmeech::and if LA doesn't offer a better deal they won't have him. That's it
spbynum1::It's the best deal your gonna get. Either Orlando takes it or Howard walks. That's it.
csmeech::and that is another reason the deal won't happen.
spbynum1::Nothing soft or injury prone about their performances tonight. Both did very well. But you wouldn't get Gasol too. You would get Bynum with fillers and picks.
csmeech::sheesh...I don't want another injury prone player.  And...Gasol is as soft as what we already have.
spbynum1::Yeah but you would rather Orlando go down a martyr than to trade with the Lakers. That's anger.
csmeech::LOL.  Angry?  Wow.  Read this slow.  HE IS GONE AND WE...(KEEPING UP?)  GET THAT.  WE ARE (STILL WITH ME?) A SMALL MARKET CITY AND KNOW THAT PLAYERS PREFER LARGER MARKETS AND WILL (STILL THERE?) ALWAYS RUN INTO THIS.
spbynum1::Angry tragic fans are hard to watch. so bitter.
sparty2415::need a better 1 spot....curry or d will would def keep dwight in florida and give the team a direction and balance on offense
spbynum1::no way for Orlando to acquire either of them.
sparty2415::yea but they need somebody
supe540::With the news that the Sixers are now pursuing Amare will that make the Knicks players in the Howard sweepstakes if the Sixers swing a deal?
Frank Reynolds 5::Yea I think so. But I am a Sixers fan and I hope they don't get Amare.
Frank Reynolds 5::What is Warriors position? It's not like they are winning or going anywhere this season. So do they think that they should hold onto to all their players? Or are they ready to cut somes loses?
supe540::I believe the Warriors would give just about everything up for Howard, but obviously Howard would have to agree to stay at least for a couple years.
Frank Reynolds 5::Yea. That is what sucks for them he would not want to stay.
csmeech::Lakers fans=Deperate
csmeech::LOL...Clippers&gt;Lakers.  That's why you are so desperate!
spbynum1::?...ok im done. im obviously not gonna be able to reason with you. you would rather Orlando go down a martyr than to help the Lakers in anyway. That much is clear.
csmeech::Yeah, Kobe needs to score 60ppg
spbynum1::Lakers can do nothing but improve. They are playing in a new system and will have trades coming soon. I know if the Magic go down you want the Lakers to not be the benefactor but you have to let that go.
csmeech::Clippers are a better team.  They will improve.  Lakers will not
spbynum1::we are tied with the clippers at 1 game a piece. again, do you watch other games?
spbynum1::Magic fans=delusional, dead in the water, and desperate
csmeech::We ain't desperate.  We're screwed
csmeech::What's funny is the Lakers fans know that if they do not get him, they are in bad shape for years to come.  This horrible Magic team just crushed them
csmeech::Magic are already in bad shape.  Is that supposed to get under my skin?  That's funny.  It is what it is.  He is gone and we will need to rebuild.  That's life in a small market
spbynum1::not nearly as bad a shape as the Magic if they don't trade him lol
Blac Dynamite::The Lakers aren't title contenders with just Kobe and Dwight. I hate to break it to you....... BD
romeo9o9@yahoo.com::The Lakers cant win this year without  a PG. We want Dwight Howard because he is a slightly better upgrade to Bynum.
Blac Dynamite::They're not trading Howard for just Bynum And the money has to match......... BD
spbynum1::Bynum + fillers and picks. and no, the money does not have to exactly match. Magic may want to free up some cap space as well.
spbynum1::Thank God they would have Gasol too lol
Blac Dynamite::The problem with the Magic is the longer they wait to pull the trigger, the lower his trade value drops every day It's obvious he's not gonna be their next year, much less next month  They are damned if they do, damned if they don't BD
csmeech::His value does not drop unless the interested team has cap space to get him as a free agent.  Some teams, like the Lakers, need him through trade or they will not get him at all
spbynum1::His value drops in a trade scenario, which is the only scenario that matters to the Magic. They could care less what he is worth as a FA.
Blac Dynamite::Smith needs to do what's right for the Magic. Bite the bullet, and make a deal.  This team is dead in the water...... BD
supe540::Good point.  Smith can say all he wants about trading Howard to the team that makes the most sense for the Magic but the reality is no team is going to give up much for Howard without the assurance from Howard that he will stick around.  Howard calls the shots not Smith.
spbynum1::which is why when you run down Howard's re-sign list, Lakers is the only one that makes sense. I would also say the Nets but Orlando already killed that deal even before Lopez went down.
spbynum1::I would bet my house that if the Lakers were ANY OTHER TEAM and they offered Bynum for Howard, Magic fan's would NOT be complaining about how Bynum is injury prone lol.
csmeech::oh please.  That's ridiculous. Who really cares where he goes.  In fact it's better to have him out west where we wouldn't have to face him as much.  Seriously.  Bynum has been injured way too much to be comfortable trading a superstar for.
spbynum1::he's been injured twice. it happens. just because it hasn't happened to Dwight yet doesn't mean it isn't coming.
romeo9o9@yahoo.com::Your not going to have a superstar next year anyway.
Blac Dynamite::They have Father Time...... BD
romeo9o9@yahoo.com::Lakers aren't desperate to trade Bynum. He's the 2nd best center in the league what the Lakers really need is a PG.
spbynum1::It's only desperation if they trade Bynum and Gasol, which they won't. One way or another, a PG will come.
Blac Dynamite::Howard won't make it through the All-Star Break at this rate The team isn't losing, they're are getting REAMED!  BD
Frank Reynolds 5::No he will be a member of the magic for the all-star game.
asdf1925::Yep. How awkward would it be if he wasn't. lol
romeo9o9@yahoo.com::lol Dwight Howard Lakers are waiting for you.
csmeech::It would be a poor business decision to get a guy that is injury prone
spbynum1::Bynum is doing great so far. NO sign of injury.
csmeech::Magic don't want another injury prone player like Bynum.  They have already been down that road
romeo9o9@yahoo.com::You know who's going to be injured in a few years that vanilla kid griffin.  He's the next amare stoudemire.
spbynum1::^^^because of a mindset like this^^^
spbynum1::it's the likely scenario for sure even though Magic fans refuse to admit it lol.
spbynum1::Dallas Mavs would be the likely destination, D-Will would go too.
romeo9o9@yahoo.com::yes really. They will have enough cap space to sign him and d williams.
csmeech::Really?  I thought they did not have the cap space?
romeo9o9@yahoo.com::wrong and the dallas mavericks.
csmeech::picking doesn't always = where he goes.  As otis said, he will go where it makes sense for the Magic.  If he becomes a free agent, the only option he has is the Nets
spbynum1::Did you watch the games he got injured in? Both were freak accidents that could have happened to anyone. His knee is 100%. Watch a game sometime.
csmeech::When he is healthy is is damn good.  Problem is it doesn't last
romeo9o9@yahoo.com::It must suck to be a Magic fan but hey he picked the teams he wants to be traded to. If he decides to stay in Orlando its all good.
spbynum1::watch bynum play once in a while dude. his knee is doing juuuuust fine lol
csmeech::The trade is.  Just not an LA trade.  We've dealt with enough injury prone players
supe540::Why do Magic fans refuse to admit it?  Most Magic fans seem to think it's almost inevitable.
Lakefan79::dwight should consider banking the free throws
pking34::Boyyyyyy------- the Magic were certainly lucky Superman was so close at hand-------------------------  Bill Caldwell http://www.nashvillestormonline.com
asdf1925::I don't see the Magic making any moves until after the All-Star break.
csmeech::Well, I don't see any team wanting him.
tampa_josh::Nelson will be gone
csmeech::I agree.  I also don't think he's too fond of the city of Orlando.
asdf1925::I doubt anything the magic get in return will make Howard change his mind.
Reds30417::Don't forget to give credit to the Pacers. A 21 point win at Orlando. I liked Magic Johnson's Eastern Conference top 5 in Miami, Chicago, Indiana, Boston, and Atlanta. Except I would bump Atlanta up to 4th and put the 76ers 5th.
Frank Reynolds 5::I am still not sure Boston is there yet either.
spbynum1::I AM sure Boston isn't there yet lol.
Frank Reynolds 5::I think Howard will add more teams to his wish list.
csmeech::I don't care if he goes to the Lakers.  I just don't want to trade for another injury prone player like Bynum.  We have seen enough of those over the years
spbynum1::answer me honestly. have you watched Bynum play AT ALL other than the Orlando game? He's unstoppable when he has the ball in the low post and shows zero sign of a knee injury.
csmeech::Clippers is the ideal place for him if he must go.
spbynum1::look i know you don't want him to go to the Lakers but he's not going to the Clippers. Clippers have said they won't trade griffin and they have no cap space.
spbynum1::I can't imagine who. Howard wants to win a title and doesn't like cold weather. Where else would be want to go and why hasn't he added it yet?
Frank Reynolds 5::Honestly if he has the Knicks on his list how much can he hate the cold? Lol. I think that the bulls and Sixers are two great fits for him. Will smith is an owner with the Sixers that could help him get into acting. But he is not that smart to figure out that they are a good fit for him.
spbynum1::Granted, but on the flipside, what logical team would Howard add to his list that fits the given criteria?
Frank Reynolds 5::Sorry dude I know you want him on your team bad. But I just don't think he is the guy you think he is. But it's just my opinion.
spbynum1::well ok, what "fun" team will he add to his list and how can he possibly get there?
Frank Reynolds 5::I am sorry I don't think he cares about winning that much. He rather act on tv or in moves. He likes to have fun too.
spbynum1::I doubt it. He would have put chicago on their if he wanted to go there. He has pretty much laid out where he wants to end up.
csmeech::I think he will also.
Frank Reynolds 5::I still think he adds another team.
spbynum1::He never added the Clippers. It was made up. Howard, Otis, and the Clippers confirmed this. ESPN was stupid and didn't check it's sources.
Frank Reynolds 5::He added a team two weeks ago. He really does know what he wants. He wants to be traded.. Then he is trying to be a leader. I don't get it.
I Make Sense::Oh my, this team has quit.  Get Howard and Van Gundy out of there now.
bigdolla300::just like my grandpa used to say about me..."that boy's got a lot of quit in him..."
csmeech::Well...he won't be in LA unless he gets traded there.  They cannot afford him
spbynum1::well the is no other alternative in a trade scenario. the more the magic lose, the more leverage they lose.
I Make Sense::better than nothing.  what are the other options because he will not be staying in Orlando?
csmeech::well....bynum and gasol are not worth it.  Bynum is made of glass.  Gasol...well..he's as soft as the other magic players
I Make Sense::yep, and he is their only trade asset.  gotta get what you can for him.
csmeech::there's only 1 starter on that team
csmeech::exactly
I Make Sense::too bad he is making starter's money
csmeech::jameer is a good backup
I Make Sense::No one wants Jameer...lol
tampa_josh::Howard is the team get rid of Nelson
supe540::Seems to me Smith is in a real jam.  He can't move him for anything because the man will be a free agent and Howard doesn't want to be in Orlando, everybody knows it so the team is just mailing in their efforts.  Between a rock and a hard place.
camavermic::The point is that the Magic should have traded D12 last season ( just like Utah did with DWill) to maximize their trade value. When a franchise player refuses to sign a contract extension as soon as it's offered, trhe team must take that as the player does not want to be there. Cut your losses and move on. Stop trying to convince him to stay,
I Make Sense::yep
csmeech::Broken Bynum and Gumby Gasol are not a good trade
spbynum1::lol that wouldnt be the trade. you will get Bynum with fillers/picks. No other trade offer beats that. the way the magic are playing right now, that offer is looking real good.
spbynum1::can't move him for anything? you're kidding right?
spbynum1::Dallas and NJ do not need a sign and trade to get Howard. Not an option.
supe540::Sorry, anything near any kind of comparable value.  Smith's only hope is to broker a sign and trade with another club and that would involve incredible negotiation.
AtlantaWarrior77::y dont the magic just trade howard to the hawks for joe and horford, atleast they will have some good shooters
1 Wk At a Time::They already have good shooters, what they are missing is a game changing player.
AtlantaWarrior77::same for the hawks they dont have a superstar
spbynum1::because horford is out for the season and Howard wouldn't re-sign.
L3BR0lV::Howard is so pathetic and mentally weak.  I mean 4-15 FT'S?  I'm pretty sure that I could do better than that if I practiced.  Oh wait...Dwight doesn't practice.  He just chugs roids and relies on his height/strength to get stuff done.
tampa_josh::so Shaq took steroids to?
tampa_josh::rofl
csmeech::Ok.  He scores a ton.  Big deal.  He sucks on Free throws.  let's get a guy that scores 15pts and makes 85% of his free throws.  Yeah!  Shaq's free throws killed the Lakers!  Such a terrible team they were
csmeech::Yes.  Shaq's FT % sure didn't kill the lakers.  That mentality is just idiotic.  Now, if they scored 15ppg and shot FT's that bad he would have a case
spbynum1::sarcasm?
supe540::Warriors like Howard.  They'll give the Magic Biedrins and Brown straight up!
tampa_josh::Thats a joke Howards a top 5 player nba right now
supe540::Of course it's a joke.
spbynum1::Warriors are not gonna give up ANYTHING for Howard. They would essentially be getting him for 20-25 games and no hopes of making the playoffs.
spbynum1::not that badly. if he did, he would put them on his re-sign list. if he were traded to the warriors, he would walk to Dallas with D-Will.
csmeech::He wants to play anywhere but Orlando.  He wants out desperately.
supe540::Howard wants to play with Ellis.
1 Wk At a Time::of course they will.... But do Orlando want just Biedrins and Brown?
supe540::Thanks.  A fan can dream.
1 Wk At a Time::Nice wishful thinking.
supe540::Sure they will.  The B and B boys.  They're.......tall.
tampa_josh::Orlando needs a better PG Nelson sucks
csmeech::No...in the lottery
tampa_josh::Deron williams come to Orlando would be nice
csmeech::Yeah, I held out hope for that too.  But, I don't think he wants to be here.  Orlando is not on the infamous "list"
supe540::Steph Curry?
csmeech::Unfortunately, not going to happen.  Hopefully we get a point guard in the lottery next year
NBA_refs_are_weak::4 of 15 lmao
bbomberguy::Bye Dwight
camavermic::Many are upset that Otis Smith hasn't traded Dwight Howard yet but the reason is very simple.   From Smith's point of view, he knows he will be fired unless DW decides to stay in ORL. Trading him would only hasten Smith's dismissal. His best bet is to strin g this process along, and to use his only bullet he has, to change D12's mind.......... $30 million. If it works, then Smith's a hero in ORL, if not, at least he has a job until early-July.
csmeech::Dwight is a big fish in a small pond
csmeech::well...he won't change his mind.
spbynum1::30 mil is a drop in the bucket for bigger market sponsors that are waiting for Howard.
J-SMOOVE2019::The Pacers are good but I think they need a Ray Allen or Steve Nash to make them really contenders.
jcoo41::ray allen or steve nash?  or maybe bob cousy? what about george gervin? im putting my money on them NOT going after a guy on the verge of retirement..
alrightnephew::or eric gordon
J-SMOOVE2019::yeah, i dont see that happening
J-SMOOVE2019::Im starting to think Otis Smith likes all this attention.  JUST $@%!$@% TRADE DWIGHT NOW!!!!!!!!!
heatfanYEPP::GO PACERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
spbynum1::What is really worse to Magic fans when comparing Shaq and Dwight? Possibly losing both to the Lakers or possibly losing both for absolutely nothing?
csmeech::Not  really.  Team has done pretty well for a fairly young team.  Got 2 eventual Hall of Famers.  It's been fun actually.  They come and go and we get another and end up with a pretty good team again.  Can't complain actually.  Could be worse.  We could be the Nets
csmeech::oh well.  lottery has been good to us.
spbynum1::that's not something a team wants to be good at lol. It's like being awesome at winning consolation prizes.
csmeech::both to the lakers
spbynum1::yeah that hurts the fans more but as a business, losing both in FA is much much worse.
THXLOPEZ::Blame Orlando management for shaq cause they thought penny haradaway was all they needed back them
DL_0521::Otis Smith needs to realize that dwight will walk if not traded and just needs to be done with it now
PortlandBlazers1004::Oden, Roy, and Matthews for Dwight. Deal or no deal?
4894kp::injury prone oden, retired roy.
spbynum1::roy retired and Howard wouldn't re-sign so no.
