nba is the worst::nice win for the Suns - rare to own all 4 quarters
DucksRUNpac12-v2.0::What an absolutely pathetic loss......Blazers need to find some help for the bench...
Master Machida:::flex:
famman1968::Been using this  bet system called SportsBettingstar for two months. In just 60 days I have turned $2000 that I started with and have more than doubled it. I am still in shock at how well this system works since it looked bogus when I first started. I found it on the front page of Google by searching the term Sports Betting System.  I strongly recommend this system to anyone out there that likes to bet on sports.
Kobelies247::What a great team we have here! LA nowhere to be seen like always! Batum 48mill? REALLY? The Coach calling out Leonard?? WTF!  Rebuilding or not, this team is a complete mess!  Keep Lillard, TRASH THE REST!!!! Just be done with it and move the F on PLEASE!
mattrbrehm::Suns bench: 43 pts. Blazers bench: 13 pts.  Ballgame right there.
Kobelies247::Godfather TEARING the blazers a new one on talkin ball!  LOL
FORKWDEVIL::I missed the game and see where Kendall got 4 min playing time.
BravesCougsPackersSounders::Tha Blazers are holding open tryouts next week at the Oregon State Penn.... Must have been convicted of a Class A Felony. They prefer child molesters and rapist. Good luck!
Kobelies247::I love a good Blazer bashing just as much as the next guy but i have no idea WTF your comment is suppose to mean...
amiller244::This is flat out embarrassing. I know it's gonna be a long road with this young Blazers team but I expect a lot better effort than a blowout loss to a below average team. I could understand maybe if we were playing an elite team but the Suns came in with a worse record than us. This team is just still way too wildly inconsistent. We beat the Lakers and have a few decent road wins then lay an egg on this. I blame most of it on the atrocious defense we've been playing. Seems like just about every game we've been allowing 100+.
Kobelies247::Garbage!
amiller244::101.8 ppg allowed to be exact...ranks 28th in the league.
foohy23@gmail.com::Great game by Phoenix! Markieff and JO played beastly. Credit to ROY Damian Lillard. He deserves it!
UO2012::Can we please figure out how to beat PHX?
Kobelies247::Sell the team!
9125dongdong::This the most pathetic bball i have ever seen. If you don't wanna ball, stay home. This is just a disgrace to the fans of Portland and the NBA. The coach doesn't care and the players certainly don't seem to care. Lillard is the only one trying out there. Just garbage bball at its worst.
Cardinals-Diamondbacks-Suns-Sun Deils.::"Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah."  -Packers fans all the time.
bergster391::I'm pretty sure this Cardinals-Diamonback..... guy likes his own comments on every post
NYC THE BEST 109::More like you all you do is b.itch
cowpoke85::Free agent signing Birdman Andersen, McDyess, Michael Redd, Carlos Arroyo, and Morrison... Our new bench.
Dented_rim::The NBA talent pool gets weaker every year - even Sheed can still produce in this league...lmao!
NYC THE BEST 109::So... a pedo some generic players and someone that has to play in another country
cowpoke85::You can't go anywhere with only 6-players on  your whole team...
NYC THE BEST 109::yeah you're right good luck to your team in the future
cowpoke85::Yes... You saw our bench tonight. They are anemic. You guys emptied the end of your bench and it still looked like starters because the Blazers bench is so bad.
wec123ker::Great game Lamarcus
nogicat12::next 5 games Hornets, 76ers, cavs (minus irving), pistons, raptors  Suns need to get 4 wins out of that
cowpoke85::That is a pretty cake 5-game schedule. Maybe you guys can get some momentum.
Cardinals-Diamondbacks-Suns-Sun Deils.::Don't worry. Only the 76ers game is loseable of those.
nogicat12::yeah
CamOverRG3::Damian Lillard out of Weber State ..........
Cardinals-Diamondbacks-Suns-Sun Deils.::As many of you know,I have posted the message"Spurs fans suck." many times. So why do I hate the Spurs? Because my Phoenix Suns got SCREWED in 2007. That Amare suspension was totally unfair and unwarranted and it cost the Suns the key game of that series,game 5. It was totally unfair and unwarranted and it may well have cost the Suns the 2007 NBA Championship. After 2007,being a Suns fan gives me no choice but to hate the Spurs.
UO2012::yes, the 2006-2007 Suns, the only team to ever be on the wrong end of the stick. Wahh, cry me a river.
Dented_rim::HOB did an entire special (never been done before) on how the Seahawks got shafted in the Super Bowl...crud happens.
Dented_rim::What do Spurs fans have to do with a suspension?
NYC THE BEST 109::Yeah we've seen the story man
MeanEarlene::This allowing 50%+ from the field is getting old.How about playing some D tttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
bergster391::wish the Blazers had ANYBODY on their bench that could help out
NYC THE BEST 109::Eaton or Jon Jay from Cardinals
Dented_rim::Tom Chambers wants to go to the HOF as a Clipper.
Cardinals-Diamondbacks-Suns-Sun Deils.::Suns Win! :) with games vs the Hornets,Raptors,and Pistons coming up soon,we're going to get on a bit of a roll. GO SUNS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
wec123ker::Ugh glad that game is over and I don't have to listen to horrible suns broadcast anymore thanks to League Pass.
eesplin12::Somebody needs to invite that broadcaster to thanksgiving dinner... that was the most awkward moment!
BigRedEnvy::How the freak did that not go over 201!!!
nogicat12::fail  push for you
Buezejones::Lillard is ROY
bergster391::easy money for the great Dame!
Rip_City27::No doubt
NYC THE BEST 109::who glad J Upton isn't getting traded .
devilman425::Not surprised but definitely glad it looks like he's staying.
arizonasting13::me
NYC THE BEST 109::Me too even though he p.issed me off this year
cowpoke85::I heard Kenyon Martin is still a FA and willing to sign a minimum contract... Paul!
cowpoke85::There have to be people in the gym in Portland right now that could outplay the Blazers bench...
cowpoke85::Possibly the towel boy...
Rip_City27::Sign someone from Mt Hood community lol
Rip_City27::Dan Dickau would help
arizonasting13::Marshall 3 assists in 4 mins
cowpoke85::Would have been nice to have Hickson tonight, someone that could match the energy level of the Suns...
TunaSauce16::I wonder if this lineup sticks.
NYC THE BEST 109::Where does Glass Oden play for now
Rip_City27::In Iraq
NYC THE BEST 109::Hahahahahah smh
devilman425::Solid W.
nogicat12::BEARDOWN
devilman425::Oh you got bold now.  Fancy $@%!.  Never seen someone switch up a comment so many times haha.
TheDanimal28::Changed it back just for you. ;)
devilman425::Dammit stop changing.  Regardless my like still applies haha.
devilman425::Liked your comment when it said"#Fearthefork".  My like still applies lol.
TheDanimal28::<em>#FearTheFork</em>
cowpoke85::$13-million in cap this offseason to go build a bench...
Orange6O2::We'll give you Telfair and Wes Johnson for free
Rip_City27::We'll take em without hesitation
cowpoke85::We got rid of that trash Telfair a long time ago...
playmakerzam::good game blazers! good job suns!!!
dubzcheckem99::Great game from Phoenix. Really needed it after that brutal stretch. If we play like this, we're gonna be over 0.500 after the road trip.
TheDanimal28::Another poor performance from Beasley.
ZonaRado::BEAR DOWN!!!!
Rip_City27::Wanna know how bad our bench is?? Our 5 backups cant even score points in 5 minutes against the Suns scrubs.. Wow
ZonaRado::Good game Suns, way to step up Morris.
nogicat12::nice win see you all next week wont be on this friday  going to the UA/ASU game BEARDOWN and GO SUNS and a happy thanksgiving to you all
-FlyEaglesFly-::wow, just saw what j-o did tonight. great to see him do good
Orange6O2::Wow, the Suns actually played a complete game
Orange6O2::Good minutes from Marshall
nogicat12::he has to have 3 or 4 assists in his little playing time alone today
playmakerzam::i hoped this line up change is the turning point for the suns, lets go SUNS! keep playing like this the whole season
nogicat12::ANOTHER ONE
cowpoke85::Jermaine looks like a man among boys... It is ridiculous having him out there against Portland's terribles.
nogicat12::marshall with some really good looks
