santi2513::who da helll care bout deez teams. every team sucks @ss, and so do those little $@%!$@% mahfukkin mods. delete this, bitchezzz i dares ya. Yeah, thats right, you suck you mahfukkin little p.ussy dikks, hell yeah, !$@%!!!!
Barrybran::A lot of talk about Duncan and Davis but I thought Aminu played like a leader - hustle all the way and took control of his team.
Juwan Howard has more rings than you::they played this well without eric gordon and with austin rivers turning the ball over. look out!
luvnbayes::Think the Spurs missed Manu down the stretch just a tad?  They came thru at the end but obviously missed their closer.
Big Red Masheen 2012::Davis haters on here are so $@%!$@% dumb..
rynospurs21::Slow start for the Spurs. Hornets have major potential and a great coach. I just can't believe they gave plastic Gordon a max deal. Dumbest GM move of the offseason. That stunt their growth over the next 2 or 3 years.
benkimhine::Why did Davis only play 29 mins? Don't give me that "start him off slowly" BS, the presason is over and as far as I know, he's had a full training camp.
go gophers33::he wont be around at he end of the season if he plays a full game banging against NBA big men with that frail body
goodboy222::Duncan outdid the rook, but the rook is on the front page while Duncans no where to be found...  how does a rook get more love than a legend?
Darkest_Monkey::Plus, Timmy plays for the Spurs. They don't get talked about unless they win 20 games in a row or have a horrible collapse and lose 4 games in a row.....or Pop sits his starters for a game.
go gophers33::because he is only a rookie and we have never seen him play an NBA game, we have already seen what tim duncan can do multiple times and we are curious to see what daivs can do at the next level
swani24::go read the daily dime, they talk about him alot
nba is the worst::That'e LeESPN...
goodboy222::hahaha
Infinite5ammy::The Spurs looked decent last night. Leonard is going to be a focal point this season. There's our next marquee player, fellow Spurs fans.
sa_spursfan20::Bought my Kawhi jersey last season. Dude is going to be a fantastic player
Johnny_Mac00::It's good to see that Timmy still has it.
FSoccer::Too bad that bi.tch boy Eric Gordon doesn't want to help his team.
aznfootballplaya71::love the 4 dunk highlights that NO put on the Spurs on Top Ten last night! I think number one should have been the score of the game. ESPN is ridiculously biased when it comes to basketball. They literally opened Sportscenter with the highlights of the first 5 mins of the Lakers game....
Mizzle85::Yup. It's been pretty much confirmed. Davis is a beast.
The_Spaz_LA::Wow..just wow...TD versus Davis in the paint was beautiful.
Hayzuse10::I love how people were saying that Davis's offense needed "alot" of work, sure it needed work but not nearly as much as people said. UK fans and other people who watched Davis closely in college knew he could score. Not saying he is going to throw out ridiculous numbers, but his offensive skill set was definitely under rated going into his debut...
go gophers33::and coming out of higschool he offensive skillset was considered his strength more then his rebounding and shot blocking ability
Captain Wiggum::Duncan is a call act
Shaden3::Who ya gonna call?
kickboy face::The Hornets have a pretty bright future, especially if they can deal Gordon for some veteran leadership ... or, if he decides he wants to play and starts dropping those jumpers ...
MikeRowe1525::Young team looked good, specially against a seasoned Spurs team. Good things to come from the hornets in the future if they can stay together.
CandySparker::Cheers Big Bert
eldrickthehack2::This is a prime example of why calipari gets the best. These kids watch NBA games, they see he prepares them better for the league than any other coach. Coach $30K at Dook can't prepare them. This is why 90% of Dook players suck in the NBA.
leggosuns1969::Started using this bet system a few months back called Sportsbettingstar. In my first month of using this system I made almost  $3,000 profit.  If you like to bet sports I recommend this system to anyone that is tired of not winning your sports bets. You can find this system on the 1st page of Google if you search the term Sports Betting System
pearlmaxx::Never a good sign when your new #1 big man has the lowest plus minus on the entire roster at -20.  Meanwhile in Portland, Damian Lillard went +16, Myers Leonard +17 in a win against the Flake Show.
nba is the worst::Ridiculous - Davis played great and the Hornets were in it until the end vs an elite team.  Of course the +/- will be positive in games teams win...
Rdiu::it's Hornets bench that keep this game close
No-account drifter::You need to have a larger sample size before +/1 means very much.
NolaJag::The plus minus is the entire team, not just Davis so you can not make comparisons just by that number. The spurs starting 5 does have more talent for the hornets are very thin at guards and at the SF spot. Though the hornets bench has a lot more depth, and it showed tonight.
Countryfish47::spurs front 5 crushed the hornets top 5 top to bottom.  davis started, i think it was more a matter of the spurs bench not playing well
Countryfish47::great game for timmy.  I have been watching him his whole career and it has really been a fantastic run.  thanks for all the fond memories and championships.  truly one of the best ever and showed it AGAIN tonight.  keep it up and lets go get #5
No-account drifter::Classic Duncan. Started following the Spurs because I loved the Admiral's class. Duncan has been a heck of a bonus.
Sports follower::As many of you know,I have posted the message "Spurs fans suck." many times. So why do I hate the Spurs? Because my Phoenix Suns got SCREWED in 2007. That Amare suspension was totally unfair and unwarranted and it cost the Suns the key game of that series,game 5. It was totally unfair and unwarranted and it may well have cost the Suns the 2007 NBA Championship. After 2007,being a Suns fan gives me no choice but to hate the Spurs.
spurscowboys1312::it's not the spurs fault that amare broke the nba rule by leaving the bench during a brawl. you wanna be mad at someone, be mad at amare for being dumb enough  to break a rule all nba players should known, 2nd amare left your sun team letting you know straight up he doesn't care about your team. Spurs would had won series no matter what and amare came back in the series, if he and the suns were so good as you say they would done what the Rockets did to your suns so many times in the playoffs
sa_spursfan20::Who cares?
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::The Derek Fisher shot with less than a second left was much worse and they potentially cost the Spurs a title so get over it.
stickystu::True, that broke my heart.
No-account drifter::Spurs knew the rules, Suns didn't, and you hate the Spurs for that. Got it.
Countryfish47::ps I hope your chemo treatments work
No-account drifter::^^^^ and now you see why he spelled it "wrong"
No-account drifter::emmeyezee - You hope the chemo treatments work for the "biggest dousche" you've ever seen?  Even big $@%!$@% deserve to live. Somewhere else, preferably.
emmeyezee::You hope the chemo treatments work for the "biggest dousche" you've ever seen?
Countryfish47::seriously, i haven't read a post from a bigger dousche in all my life
atoyotagaspedal::Get the $@%! over it.
GeorgeTownMan29::Ok???
GeorgeTownMan29::"Welcome to the league Unibrow" -Duncan
matt12345270::Will Davis take home r.o.y? find out here in a article that also takes a look at his game. http://thedribbledrivebb.com/2012/10/27/2012-13-rookie-of-the-year-and-mvp-predictions/ @dribbledrivebb
txbball15::i can see the spurs going lets say.......... 80-2
No-account drifter::They're too fond of giving games away to the likes of the Bobcats.
txbball15::thats why i said 80-2 ha
sgafsetomorpnpse::Are they moving to the Mexico league?
txbball15::trying to be clever i see....FAIL
benlake3000::austin rivers sucks!
gt1master_ike::That has been our problem since CP3 left. We have trouble closing out close games. Hopefully Monty can draw up better plays down the stretch.
sgafsetomorpnpse::Or get Gordon to stop faking injury and get out there, or just trade him for someone who wants  to play
sgafsetomorpnpse::When can he be traded?
CGraceIII::sgafsetomorpnpse - What's the word around town? I'm not down there now. He is fakin g and demanding a trade or is he really hurt?  Can't be traded right now. Docs say nothing wrong with him. He says his knee hurts.
sgafsetomorpnpse::What's the word around town? I'm not down there now. He is fakin g and demanding a trade or is he really hurt?
gt1master_ike::Agree, I really hope Gordon can get on the court soon. Even if he is hurting, can't he play through it for once instead of sitting?
notfree15::Young Kawhi Leonard picking a girl up for a date http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x4pIJtt48g4
statetigerfan::To continue to feed the hornet fan base this bull of "sore knee" is preposterous!  Many NBA players play with a sore knee...and many professionals go to their jobs with a sore knee.  So it's not a freakin' sore knee!  If the Dr.s, coach, and GM keep saying that the knee is structurally sound, then maybe its time to look into something that may be more serious such as bone cancer.  Saying this is a sore knee is an insult to the intelligent NBA fan.  Terry Fox's cancer that caused him to have a leg amputation started with continual soreness of unknown etiology to his knee.  The organization better start being transparent with this situation or risk alienating a fan base.  He may end up being another Greg Oden.
delmarmik::Davis played great but Lillard still gonna win the ROY. Still nice to see Davis score points early in his career.
sgafsetomorpnpse::No, he ain't. Davis got it locked up, Lillard is a flash in the pan.
Sports follower::Spurs fans suck.
Brian32768::Put a sock in it.  Suns suck, masters of nothing and all...
No-account drifter::I love the sound of Suns fans whining in the morning. It sounds like ... victory.
b1gdon::Just another Phoenix Suns fan.  Remember when Tim Duncan dropped a 3 on them in game one of the playoffs.
txbball15::sorry i cant read what you just said, these 4 trophies are in the way
Texicano10::yo mammas chichis
gsquared112::Davis played well but couldn't close in the 4th. Possible clutch gene issue?
johnson_jimmy::Davis went 9-9 from the free throw line in the game including making some clutch free throws with just a lil over a minute left to give the Hornets a 1 point lead I would say that is pretty clutch.
Smithlane5::This is the mentality in the ESPN "fan" era. You sir have the Skip Bayless gene.
SQUADVALVO::Perfectly stated my friend...They Watch and Repeat...Watch and Repeat...
Ya Boy Jimsta::oh for Christ sake.
Ireland297::Eric Gordan is garbage.
heardhimsay::When are we going to get the entire story?
My_Favorite_Color_Is_Taupe_Because_It_Rhymes_With_Dope::Once again the South west divisions gonna be brutal
Rudy_rush20::Spurs will come out on top as usual.
sgafsetomorpnpse::What do think, Hornet fanatics? .500 this season?
The Return of Paul Allens Beard::Wow Lakers meltdown
Td4mvp3::C'mon Timmy...let's see the shimmy...year of the spur!
The Return of Paul Allens Beard::Wow patheitc
Td4mvp3::SPURS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
33aggies::how did leonard get most of his point? was it the usual pot up/catch and shoot kind of stuff or can u already see some changes in his game offensively?
tu.tran::It was a mix, the 3's were spot up. But the rest he worked for as fiend said. They were created from hard work while one on one. He tried to create some of his own shots and pushed the ball, but got hit with two offensive fouls. His game has improved, especially his handles.
spurs_fiend::I believe he got 8 points from steals that turned into dunks or FT's. It was awesome.
wegood736::As a Hornets fan, that was a great game by our guys. Kudos to the Spurs. I wish Gordon would get healthy so that they them can grow together because from what I saw tonight, this team has a lot of potential.
DavidRedeuced::Gordon's had a sore knee for a year now. This is getting ridiculous.
heardhimsay::Unfortunately this is nothing new, just ask the people in Illinois.
DavidRedeuced::He's absolutely faking. He has to be escorted by media guys because fans are tired of him. The coach and GM have specifically said the Doctor's have completely cleared him and there's nothing wrong with his knee. He TRIED OUT FOR THE OLYMPIC TEAM OF HIS OWN FREE WILL -- clearly his knee wasn't bad enough to stop him from playing when he wanted to. He's done nothing strenuous since, he can play in practice, but god knows he can't give a team that would be a playoff team with him on it the light of day because we didn't hold a parade for someone already on our team.  I don't know, I'm just so upset. This game was winnable, especially with Gordon on the floor. I have no idea why he's being such a baby. The team wants him, the fans want him to play, the Coach and GM shelled out THE BEST POINT GUARD IN THE LEAGUE for him.
sgafsetomorpnpse::Thy need to get rid of him, he's a poiison to a team that can be a contender in a few years. Trade him to some crappy team and get back a return. Maybe Marc Thornton
dwighthowardsamazing::Yes yes yes thank you I'm not the only one that thinks this jackasss is faking
mr.cedillo::Don't know what to think with this first game. Did not see the Hornets Keeping up like that. Kawaih Leonard Looks goo tho! Go Spurs Go!
mkwan0::One step done, nothing proven yet.  Spurs have to win it all to shut some naysayers up.  "yeah, we'll, they lost in the wcf's, so that proves they are old and done"
Td4mvp3::man we whooped the hell outta the hornets...go spurs!
Ireland297::If you were paying attention it was a pretty close game that came down to the end
dwighthowardsamazing::Yea a 4 point $@%! kicking... Dumbasss
rosi512::Kawhi Leonard looks good. Hopefully he can play at this level all year.
Td4mvp3::he will
Td4mvp3::C'monn timmy....let's see the shimmy!...year of the spur!
sgafsetomorpnpse::Rivers will develop into a solid player.
gouhuskies3::yep, solid waste
