Lebron has one ring lol::The Lakers always win get used to it
Alexander7525::whats the difference between time and kobe bryant?   time passes
Alexander7525::Pass me the ball!  -Kobe at home during the Rocket game
magic1jordan2::funny considering he has one of the highest assist averages for a player at his position.  next
epochme::send the rapist into retirement
ajiceberg::Lakers are so much better without Kobe, hes a ballhog, he doesnt pass.
mc9ers5::Quiet down if you don't know what you're talking about.
ajiceberg::The Lakers suck, Kobe is a horrible player, they are better without Kobe. lol, how many fairytales can you tell?
ajiceberg::Lakers are a team. I dnt care if we win with him or without him. But he is a very good player. The reason they mad the playoffs.
slogrind808::Bull
Mambaholic 33::Howard &amp; Gasol playing so much better now….What happened?
FrankieFatal::Now that Kobe is sidelined the actually have a chance. Not a good one but a better one.
Lebron has one ring lol::Lakers win Get used to it they are the best team  Lakers win Lakers win Lakers win Kobe 5  Lebron 1
lakers49ersrool::i think the lakers can pull this series off in 6. i think we make it to the finals and challenge miami eventually losing in 7.
Mich93063::For all those Laker fans who claim to be loyal to Kobe before being loyal to the Lakers??? Please spare me.  The sad truth is the Lakers have a chance to create a smoother transition to the next championship era if they chose to amnesty Kobe and get some pieces on this team in 2013 - 2014. Then in 2014 with a huge amount of cap space they can sign some big time talent and make a run at the championship then.  I wouldn't trade Pau earlier this year, but wait until the trading deadline to see where the team is in 2013 - 2014.  If we think we have a shot to make a run in 2013 - 2014 or have the opportunity to make a big move at the trading deadline for draft picks and other young players then I say we pull the trigger on a Pau trade at that point.  My preference would be to keep Pau, however he is the one tradeable asset we have on the team.
desmond240::why do all those people with insider? so dumb.... let the owner worry about those things and you try worrying about your pitiful life
MauiiNoKaOii::Keep the Karma going haters! Everything bad you wish upon another player or team will haunt you
MauiiNoKaOii::Lakers are screwed for the next 10 years ahahha
mc9ers5::Because they've had so many runs of ten years when they were screwed. You know they have almost 1/4 of the NBA titles right? Them and the Celtics account for almost 1/2.
MauiiNoKaOii::Cp3 signs with Lakers, teams up with Howard
MauiiNoKaOii::Lakers are going to get swept by San Antonio!
blacbird3::Sorry loser...move to back of the bus
MauiiNoKaOii::beats San Antonio in 6
MauiiNoKaOii::Laker's aren't going to make the playoffs
MauiiNoKaOii::Get's 7th seed
Lebron has one ring lol::Lakers win Get used to it  Lakers win  Lakers win  Lakers win   A sweep of the spurs
ZinBayArea::Lakers are actually a better team without Kobrick. And everyone on their team is suddenly happy and into the games...  Lakers are crazy if they don't amnesty a guy who makes $30 million a year and just makes them worse...
epochme::bent over and ready in colorado?
STL Ball so Hard::Your a idiot saying the lakers are better with out Kobe, so just get a rope and a chair and u can finish the rest
Lakers 2013 Champs::We will never amnesty Kobe even if it means we have a sorry team next year.  Our loyalty is with Kobe FIRST and then the Lakers.
mike dantoni running teams into the ground since 2008::lakers 2013: do you realize how dumb what you just said is?
I wish I could get it up::Hope you were wearing kneepads for that slurp job
Lakers 2013 Champs::Not sure which is better:  watching Lakers destroy the Rockets or watching the Lakers Haters eat their words when we <b>sweep San Antonio in 1st round.</b>
Mich93063::Lakers aren't sweeping the Spurs.  I am a Laker Fan and I know that we will be lucky to get out of this series.  Yes, the Spurs were the better opponent for us, but no I wont go so far to say we are going to sweep or even win the series. We can shoot 37% and expect to keep winning
iwentpp::do you think they can sweep OKC after they sweep San Antonio?  I think it will go at least 5 games.
I wish I could get it up::Holy hell you're freaking delusional
Lakers 2013 Champs::They can sweep OKC as well.  They got the twin towers (Gasol &amp; Howard).  How is OKC even going to match up against that?  They can't.  Plus, once Nash is back, he is going to make everyone better.  MAYBE OKC will get 1 win at home.  I just hope we can beat the Heat in less than 6 games in the Finals.
ZinBayArea::I don't think Stern is going to fix playoff series for the Lakers with Kobe out.
timbeebe2::Haters are hiding
ZinBayArea::Haters are laughing! Kobe's career is over, and the Lakers are entering a looooong rebuilding period.   Spurs are loving life, that's for sure.
lakers49ersrool::kobe's career isnt over - he will be back better than ever next year and shut up all the haters
Lakers 2013 Champs::You really think Spurs have a chance against the 16 time World Champions?  LOL  Spurs will be swept!
JEGRAY53::Calling Minniwolves90 where are you I know you're on this thread here 24/7 come out and play!
.bangbang.::LeHGH
Get your foot off the boat::How non-playoff teams settle "the Best of the Rest"...  http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=fvwp&amp;v=Wu7xiJ_HD6c&amp;NR=1
truprof::Hmmm, Rockets make 7 fg's in 4th qtr., Lakers make 4 fg's in 4th qtr.  Lakers take lead because Rockets are in the penalty with 9:30 or so left in the 4th.  Conspiracy theorists, here's your chance to rant about the league favoritism shown to the Lakers.
superliam86::show the fouls the Rockets didn't commit
Greygoose crew::Cp3 to lakers in 2013 and then Lebron in 2014 ...go lakers
.bangbang.::theyre both going to be old, get a younger upcoming baller
superliam86::like Marc Gasol, give us another steal Grizz
xxXSmOkIn_KuSh24Xxx::Like Kyrie
Slow Joe Crow::Stern just blocked it.
Computer_Wiz_Dude::game changed completely when the Rockets got in the penalty 2 minutes into the 4th quarter  come on Stern
truprof::Yup, Rockets made 3 more fg's than the Lakers in the 4th qtr. and 2 more for the entire game.  Going into the penalty that early hurts!
Greygoose crew::Haters are sad today ...lol
Luis_Martinez1981::Here you go Laker's fans... You "earned" your playoffs this year. Heres the proof. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MhmGyZ7KF0&amp;safety_mode=true&amp;persist_safety_mode=1&amp;safe=active
Slow Joe Crow::Where the $%^&amp; were they when the Lakers dropped 10 of 12 in January?  Somebody was slacking and should be held accountable.
.bangbang.::lakers 2013 champs, dwight finals mvp
Get your foot off the boat::Because nothing spells NBA Champions like a starting back court of Jody Meeks and Steve Blake.
ccampbellwvu::oh yeah its comming GO BLAKE
Get your foot off the boat::It's amazing how much fun the Lakers seem to be having playing together ....  Wonder what changed?
ccampbellwvu::one less rapist
Slow Joe Crow::Robert Sacre got a new chair cushion.  (it's one of those "butterfly effect" thingies)
Slow Joe Crow::Cliff Paul got jobbed.  If had grown up with his bro, he woulda gotten bling and hand-me-down groupies.  It ain't right.  It just ain't right.
Lakers4lifeandbeyond::If Dwight took a sorry Magic team to the finals.. Could he take this Lakers team to the finals?
ccampbellwvu::in theroy........ he was alot more dominate then
Slow Joe Crow::Not in the West....too deep I'm afraid.
ccampbellwvu::Blake&gt;Kobe
J. Rockwell::Kobe is better than Blake WITH a torn ACL.
JAYSMOOTH213::Can still hit more shots on one leg lol
ccampbellwvu::why do i find myself rooting for the Lakers when the rapist is hurt?
superliam86::maybe you should read the whole story about what happened, before you put the rapist label on him.
superliam86::in college stats, sure
Slow Joe Crow::Play of the game:  Howard hustling back on a Houston break disrupts the play and forces a turnover late.  If he gives that kind of effort on a regular basis, he can stay.
superliam86::he was hurt in the start of the season, Howard is playing like Howard now.
.bangbang.::hopefully kobe is taking alot of HGH, we need him to come back asap
Get your foot off the boat::I've got in the WC:  Utah over NO in 5 Dallas over Sacto in 4 Minn over Port in 7  Playoff basketball in Minnesota.
superliam86::utah over no in 5?
Get your foot off the boat::Dude - It's the equivalent of the NIT tournament in the NBA....the only playoffs we ever qualify for....
superliam86::what are you talking about though?
Get your foot off the boat::New Orleans.
bronbron80::Heat would of folded up like a cheap tent. Go Lakes
magic1jordan2::cheap tents dont fold that easily
AriansNation::Later honkys
magic1jordan2::cya cracker
Slow Joe Crow::Now that the Lakers are in the playoffs, the real question is: where will PJ coach next year?  My money is on Philly, but I wouldn't be surprised if it was Detroit.
Steve91406::Phil is engaged to Jeanie and said to the reporters he wants be the Vice President on making players decisions for the Lakers. He wants to be the Pat Riley of Lakers.
superliam86::Yeah it most likely will be Howard and a bunch of new people after next year.
Slow Joe Crow::If I had a team that needed to get over the hump, I'd hire Jackson.  If I needed to rebuild from the ground up, I wouldn't.  And the Lakers will be rebuildling from the ground up after next season.  No offense to Jackson.
superliam86::He wants that job, but he also wanted to be the coach this year. And they said no. The Lakers want to pull themselves out of the Jackson shadow for some dumb reason.
superliam86::Philly would love him, I think they would have to resign Bynum though. I'd love him to coach the WIZ, but that wont happen.
vicmo25 - vol. 9::Philly, likely............but why in the hell would he go to Detroit
yin315::big market team in a dumpy city.
Slow Joe Crow::Ummm, it's the #11 media market in the nation......
mjsanders::Detroit a 'big' market?  This isn't the '90s, son!
Slow Joe Crow::Detroit is still a big market and I'm sure PJ's ego would love to return them to greatness.
mjsanders::Stuff like this is why so many people think the NBA is rigged!  LAL has ABSOLUTELY NO BUSINESS bein in the playoffs!!!  It’s amazin how all the teams that were fightin em for the 8th spot like a month ago just up &amp; folded.  POR, DAL &amp; UTA all had easier schedules down the last 15 gms, but somehow none of em played well enough to squeak in.  Then on top of that it really looks like HOU threw the last 2 gms in order to set up a more watchable SAS-LAL series!  So the league got its dream scenario, even w/ KB goin down 4 the season w/ 3 gms left!  How did that happen?!?  The Fakers had no biz beatin MEM that last time, GSW the other night or HOU yesterday.  I guess Stern just couldn't stand the ratings drop he would’ve seen if the Blazers, Mavs or Jazz got in over LAL.  Now I’m startin to believe the LBJ to LAL in ’14 rumors…
JAYSMOOTH213::Then mil and rocks should not be in as well we have a better record stop hating
WPStud2026::Yep, that boxing match with English claims another victim.  And adding an "L" to "Faker" doesn't count, junior.  And notice how you never answered who your favorite team is.  The only attitude is coming from the buffoon who has nothing better to do than complain about things that don't exist.  You've amused me long enough.  You can go back to whatever it is that you do.  Stay classy, hater.
WPStud2026::Yawn.  You bore me.  Come back at me when you can use something better than "Faker fan".  And that one's so played out.  Get better material.  By the way, what's YOUR basketball team?  Or do you just hate on ones that are better than yours?  Perhaps just too ashamed to admit who your team is.  Silly fool.
mjsanders::You'll have a lot of time on your hands to vent online after the Flakers get eliminated in gm 4 @ Staples next weekend!  It's funny how you accuse me of bein a hater for statin the truth while you catch an attitude like a chick anytime you read anything negative @ the Flake Show.
WPStud2026::Don't hate because I have standards. You know you've won the argument when they can't respond intelligently.  You go run along now, son.
mjsanders::Go look up "ad hominem attack" &amp; then step your ESPN board game up, buddy!
WPStud2026::And by the way, would it kill you to mix in a spellcheck with your posts?  "Bein?  Fightin?  Amazin?"  Really?  Your teachers must be so proud, if you were actually paying attention.  Sad.
mjsanders::Faker fan &amp; grammar cop -- your parents must really be proud of you, champ!
elibird5432::winning enough games to get the seventh seed makes it their business to be there, hater GO LAKERS GO!
WPStud2026::@mjsanders, It'll take a lot more than whining and complaining from the haters, trolls and conspiracy theorists to get under my skin.  I give you this advice:  Don't get mad, get better.
WPStud2026::They won enough games to make it in.  If they were in the East, they'd be the 5th seed.  If anyone doesn't deserve to be in, it's Milwaukee.  Finish under .500, and still get in?  There's your crime.  Your energies would be better suited elsewhere.  Like at a job, assuming you have a skill set that would be of some use to society.
superliam86::sweep next week? they are playing the beat up spurs, what happened on sunday?
mjsanders::Touchy, touchy, huh, Faker fan!  You better toughen that skin up in time for the sweep next week.
superliam86::Yeah going 20-8 in the last third of the season means you have no business being in the playoffs. Look at the east, the 8th seed is under .500.
magic1jordan2::yup
Slow Joe Crow::Feel better now, pooky?
CaptainClaw777::Good luck Lakers and Lakers fans, Give Kobe two years to get back to 100%..Go Warriors!
JAYSMOOTH213::Lol
.bangbang.::i hope he's taking HGH as we speak
Slow Joe Crow::Or deer antler spray
superliam86::it is called stem cell, he will be back in 9-12 months dude.
rex_coach::Laker boards are the sh**
CaptainClaw777::Every race is racist. Viva la raza.
rex_coach::<b>Are you a racist?</b>
magic1jordan2::the racist is back, seriously you need to change that handle
Slow Joe Crow::"This conversation is too funny. I comment on ESPN all the time and racism has never come up. Mainly because you can see that I'm a Texan fan and smart folks put 2 and 2 together." ===== LMFAO -- you keep feeding into it with your replies....how could we NOT mess with you?
superliam86::Yeah it seems like Foster really is just your back door.
AriansNation::This conversation is too funny.  I comment on ESPN all the time and racism has never come up.  Mainly because you can see that I'm a Texan fan and smart folks put 2 and 2 together.
superliam86::Im just saying if it is about foster than change the name a little, then you dont have to deal with people thinking you are a racist. if you keep the name it makes it seem like you constantly want to have this same discussion, which would make it seem like you are using foster as a back door way out of having a racist name.
Slow Joe Crow::AriansNation - Correct.  The sect is named after the dude who started it.  Okay?  I'm still failing to see how that makes me a racist LOL === I never said you're a racist, silly goose.
AriansNation::Correct.  The sect is named after the dude who started it.  Okay?  I'm still failing to see how that makes me a racist LOL
Slow Joe Crow::AriansNation - That's "$@%!$" with a "y"....when it's "i" it has a different meaning -- pretty sure it's a sect.  Or it's just some dudes name!  LOL  Cry on home boy ==== Correct.  The sect is named after the dude who started it.
AriansNation::superliam86 - You look like one of those chumps. Not saying it is your fault their are those coward chumps, but your name makes people think you are one of them.  Assuming things rarely work out for anyone.
AriansNation::That's "$@%!$" with a "y"....when it's "i" it has a different meaning -- pretty sure it's a sect.  Or it's just some dudes name!  LOL  Cry on home boy
superliam86::You look like one of those chumps. Not saying it is your fault their are those coward chumps, but your name makes people think you are one of them.
AriansNation::superliam86 - Because your name comes off as offensive, anything you post is going to make people think you are a racist and then you have to explain the name constantly.  I never say anything racist and those that go to the internet to express their hate are bunch of coward chumps.  I'll leave on that note.
rex_coach::<i>too funny</i>
Slow Joe Crow::"Not a Christian sect...  Na zi Germany, blonde hair and blue eyes were considered an Arian race." ==== That's "$@%!$" with a "y"....when it's "i" it has a different meaning -- pretty sure it's a sect.
superliam86::Because your name comes off as offensive, anything you post is going to make people think you are a racist and then you have to explain the name constantly.
AriansNation::Slow Joe Crow - Isn't "Arian" (with an "i") a Christian sect or something like that?  Not a Christian sect...  Na zi Germany, blonde hair and blue eyes were considered an Arian race.
AriansNation::superliam86 - Dude if it is about Arian Foster than you should change your name to ArianFostersnation  I'm not changing anything.  Why would I?  Because some titttty babies are offended..
Slow Joe Crow::Isn't "Arian" (with an "i") a Christian sect or something like that?
superliam86::Dude if it is about Arian Foster than you should change your name to ArianFostersnation
rex_coach::<b>What is the meaning of your name?</b>
AriansNation::rex_coach - Bigots are cowards  I agree.
AriansNation::superliam86 - First off it is spelled $@%!$. Second as a person with blond hair and blue eyes, that name is just no bueno and been a long long time since it has been.  Arian Foster spells it with an "a"  What a bunch of crybabies.
rex_coach::<b>Bigots are cowards</b>
superliam86::First off it is spelled $@%!$. Second as a person with blond hair and blue eyes, that name is just no bueno and been a long long time since it has been.
AriansNation::Obviously.  You mind if I guess your life since you know all about mine?  I have a few really good guesses.
magic1jordan2::AriansNation - Bigot?  Racist?  You dweebs have never met me.  dont need to, your name says it all
AriansNation::Bigot?  Racist?  You dweebs have never met me.
rex_coach::<b>He's a coward.  All bigots are cowards bro.  They rely on others to agree and have like minds...  He can keep it.  He's about as effective as a moist piece of sh** paper</b>
magic1jordan2::wow so youre not denying it.  fking racist
AriansNation::I told you to fk yourself earlier for calling me a racist.  That still stands.
AriansNation::I thought this was a Rockets board
Lakers4lifeandbeyond::Who thinks that the NBA players abuse HGH and steroids.. Does the NBA protect those players?
FuzzySchWartzZ::I used HGH when I was growing up.
CaptainClaw777::Kobe is leaving?
desmond240::lebron will be caught
Factoids R Us::any sport that does not test for HGH has users.....Kobe is leaving at the right time :)
pingpong4fun::JHARDEN FRAUD-STAR....    - turnover skill.....check  - 43% fg....check  - 20 sec dribble dribble dribble...4 sec pass to a teammate for a prayer shot....check! - whats defense?....check? - if jharden a superstar, then explain how okc still top dog?...check! smh
CaptainClaw777::He starts on Golden State, tomorrow.
Lakers4lifeandbeyond::OKC is going nowhere without him.. They will miss him in these 7 game series.. He's a beast
CaptainClaw777::Any team would take Harden. He is a banger like Rodman who can score.
CaptainClaw777::Dropped 30 last night. Can you?
AriansNation::Really?
superliam86::cause who else is on his team? Lin and uhh....
JAYSMOOTH213::Lin a one hit wonder not an all star
superliam86::guess we will see against OKC, he did hit that 30 footer to put the rockets in OT.
gatorfan808::He would.  He averages 16 PPG and shoots 49% from the field.  He can create his own shot.  he is better than a lot of the SF that are in the playoffs.
superliam86::he wouldn't start over Metta though
gatorfan808::he definitely is better than Metta world peace.  Watch in 5 years, this is only his 2nd year.
superliam86::only by default, how many of the other playoff teams would he start for? maybe one or two others?
gatorfan808::Parsons is the second best player on that team.
I Make Promises on Twitter::Kobe's defense was only effective against sorrier teams.  Kobe never really defended any of the elites that well this year.
CaptainClaw777::Wuss.
coffeeandjerky::troll
CaptainClaw777::The were not told to foul or D up. That is not D'Antoni's style. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z2jrdW1hQkc
CaptainClaw777::Kobe is a NBA all defensive team selection for 2013. Old legs and all.
AriansNation::That's a popularity contest
AriansNation::You guys know I can't prove it.  And I didn't even see a lot of Laker games.  Was Kobe really that good on defense?  Honestly?
rex_coach::<i>That isn't all you've proved... lol</i>
magic1jordan2::PROVE IT,   caps now too
AriansNation::rex_coach - Prove it  Well now I have to since you commented in bold.
rex_coach::<b>Prove it</b>
Lakers4lifeandbeyond::Am I the only one who thinks the Lakers play better defense without Nash and Kobe's old legs.. The younger guys seem to rotate and stay in front of the guards better.. Or am I wrong
superliam86::What is funny is that Blake really isn't that young at all.
gatorfan808::The real test is against an elite point guard.  Lakers cannot stop guards from getting into the lane.  Jodie Meeks is the worst defender I have seen in a long time.
magic1jordan2::Kobe defense at his age is still sufficient,  Nash never could play Def but S. Blake???  I've never seen him play D either
I Make Promises on Twitter::Your right.  The Lakers are faster without old players.  It's not rocket-science.
rex_coach::<b>Why was Chandler Parsons beating them up the floor on last night?  It takes an attitude to play defense...  You can take "long" strides to get back on defense or attack the basket...  I see it every day in practice done by slow white kids</b>
rex_coach::PlayaMade5 I know you serious, that what makes you so stupid, I hate Lebron, but I also know his greatness, something your dumas$ bias can't do ==================== <b>My fellow alumni from The University of Facts State</b>
magic1jordan2::GAMETIME CEO 1.0 kobe never played defense ... Gilbert Arenas lit Kobi up with 60 pts &amp; Allan Houston dropped Double Nickel on Kobi  Complete slouch defender are you stupid 12-time All-Defensive Team selection: First team: 2000, 2003, 2004, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 Second team: 2001, 2002, 2012
lakers49ersrool::Lakers' Mike D'Antoni was selected the NBA's Western Conference coach of the month.  unreal.
gatorfan808::Laker fans might not like D'antoni but the Lakers did play extremely well after the All-star break.
PlayaMade5::I was watching Jordan's highlights and I'm like...." Dam that dude good"  And I'm Looking and Kobe's highlights and I'm like....."Dam my dude good TOO"
