Eric Timney::The Warriors are the most entertaining team in the NBA. Bar none.
Adam Bruening::Iguodala must have gone down and pointed at the guy talking mad sh*t to Steph all throughout the 4th after dropping the game winner
Jay Gonzalez::That guy was so annoying... "Put your mouthpiece on Steph, put your mouthpiece on Steph, put your mouthpiece on Steph!"
Mark Antwan::Iggy for 3 and GSW will win there division over Clippers
Adam Bruening::Annoying is putting it nicely...
Amber Duke::wait...you have 3 days off, dubs come in after playing 3 in 4 nights, you were up 13 in the 4th...and you blow it?
Nateye McFly::up 15.  just sayin.
Chad Wiggins::you;ve got to love this warrior team
Cali Native::I told you the Warriors were no good.
Kemala Martin::HA!
Wayne Polk::And you wrong
Nateye McFly::Francisco Hernandez on the road, no less
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::line tells the whole story. i knew hawks would win. even without horford.. gsw is a joke
Marcleen Bavogui::u an idiot.. there is something call b2b.. and they were hitting everything yesterday. a jumpshooting team will go cold sometime doesnt mean they`re a joke
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::Marcleen Bavogui your the idiot im just stating my opinion so go suck a banana
Marisa Sullivan::You know nothing about basketball, just an ignorant hawks fan.
John Martin::With Paul out for the Clippers Warriors have a chance to move up to #4 spot in the West.
Jeffrey Kinneman::They have a shot at the 4 seed even with a healthy Paul. Paul being injured will only help though. Golden St has a shot at the #1 seed. It is not likely but it is possible. Remember the Dubs are 16-3 or 17-3 when their starting 5 is healthy and starting.
Wild Silverback::Yikes GS... Yikes... WAKE THE F UP !!!
Randy Dixon::Not gonna happen classic trap game....beat the champs and lose to a beat up hawks team
Wayne Polk::You spoke to soon Randy. 8 straight!
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::ANDRE DID IT AGAIN!!!
Wayne Polk::Oh now you jumpin on bandwagons? At first you were talkin sh!t
Mark Antwan::Yea GSW will win Pacific division
Paul Slattery::Next time show some faith. True dubs fan don't count their team out until the buzzer sounds.
Brandon Tigues::if GS could play the way they did in Miami for an entire season, or even just for the playoffs..there's no reason for the other team to show up just give them the NBA championship, but no team can sustain that level of shooting and you're seeing it now, they don't get easy baskets and they're 26th in FT attempts..they won't get to far on strictly jump shots.
Chad Wiggins::yep, they need to get the bigs and iggy more involved for times when the jumpers aren't falling
Brandon Tigues::Chad Wiggins true..and they have the bigs already, they just have to use them more when the jump shots aren't falling...lee has a great post game and I'm sure bogut could get some easy buckets also if they start giving him the ball more.
Jay Gonzalez::I wish Warriors would've made a move for Marc Gasol back a few seasons ago.
Jeffrey Kinneman::Great win for the Warriors. Not bad considering it is the 4th game of an East coast road trip and the second game of a back to back. As a Warrior fan I love to see the fight. When they were down by 15 with 6-7 minutes left they could have easily given up. Mark Jackson is teaching them to be fighters. They are only getting better too.
Randy Ragsdale::Pero Antic is an underrated 3 point shooter. He's 6/9 from downtown in this game! Wow. NEVER judge a book by its cover!
Tim Gourley::It's laughable that the Warriors are being compared to Blazers.  Blazers are elite.  Warriors aren't.
Rodney Fredericks::LOL
Jay Gonzalez::Wishful thinking. Did the even make the playoffs last season? So how do you call your team elite when they didn't even make the playoffs last year,
Kemala Martin::Make the playoffs first, before calling yourself elite,i.e knicks
Mark Antwan::Hopefully GS Wins think they will win conference but ATL  been playing well w/o Horford GS Wins
Mark Antwan::Clippers good team but I see GS pulling it off
Phi Tran::Wow, another 3-point clutch shot by Iguodala to win the game.  GO WARRIORS!!!
Tim Gourley::Warriors got lucky.  Total breakdown of Atlanta defense on last play.
Sean Mantooth::Two clutch game ending shots by Iguodala says otherwise
Will Rudolph::No they didn't. But, just to make you feel better whenever you have a nine game win streak, you need a little help( like James's nine turnovers)
Mickey Hughes::9 t/o was Curry not James, not sure how that relates to help?
Mickey Hughes::Box score must be a typo...Curry with 8 t/o ???
Jay Gonzalez::that's part of the reason why the game was closer. Curry's turnovers can really impact the team, plus they just played yesterday.
Stay Focused::Curry vs Korver It's going to be raining 3's
Jeremy Newsom::Curry is trying his best to lose!
Marcleen Bavogui::LMAO HOW THE HELL DO U LOSE THIS ?
Joseph McNeal::This is going to be a very difficult game for the Warriors. The Hawks play a ruff inside game and the Warriors will be tired from the game last night. They have to come out hot if they want to win.
Lights Godown::Hawks 2-7 vs teams over .500 and have 18 wins in an incredibly weak East, Warriors have a 3 game win streak vs Atlanta and will win with ease.
Kemala Martin::Atlanta is going to be tough especially at home and after seeing what the dubs did to the champs at home (how was that game not nationally televised?) If focused the dubs should pull this one out too.
Randy Ragsdale::ATL is going to be tough at home. LMAO! You seem to forget that the Hawks have one of the lowest attendance ratings in the league!
Kemala Martin::Dubs on a back to back, atl plays better at home then on the road, feels like a trap game
Cason Tang::Can we get Pau Gasol and add him to the bench? This will give us serious push.  Gsw Go!
Martín Polanco::Cason Tang That's what I've been saying for a long time now. Well really since the beginning of the season hah but yeah would be great. Go Warriors!!!
Brian Robbins::I think Bynum would be a bigger help than Gasol. Pau was never much of a defender but now he is not capable of playing any defense at all. At least Bynum can take up space and rebound in limited minutes.
Martín Polanco::Brian Robbins Bynum is injury prone though. Gasol can play defense if he's motivated, of course it's not going to be top notch level like Kevin Garnett use to play or Tyson Chandler brand of "D" for that matter. However, Gasol still has length don't forget he's 7'1" and really long wingspan as well almost freakish I would dare to say, something Lee doesn't have very much of, anyway, hence the reason Gasol has been a decent shot blocker for the good part of his career. Personally I think he still has a nice go-to-player type scoring game. He could be a potential go-to-option for the DUBS in really tight games or down the strech in key games or even in the playoffs. He also has experience and has seen those flashing stage lights before. "The finals".
Okala Oduigwe::GSW... They keep getting better and better in every game. Go Warriors!! Dub Nation.
Lakenzie K Mayweather::Alright hawks lets keep it up so Carmelo Anthony might sign up with the team next summer
