Tyler Moss::Revenge night for that first game of the season
Tyler Moss::Plumlee had a good ballgame against us opening night. I highly doubt we are going to let him scire and rebound on us like that again
Barry N McCockiner::They got revenge for that in the 2nd game. If Bledsoe plays the Suns will win in a nail bitter.
Noe Gutierrez::Suns > blazers
Eric Witt::The key to winning in Phoenix will be exploiting the weak interior defense of the Suns. They, much like Portland, plot to take away the three-point ball and force teams inside. Lopez and LA are going to have to control the boards and the Blazers need to get a lot of good looks right at the rim.
Barry N McCockiner::If Bledsoe plays the Suns have a real chance.
Eric Witt::Bledsoe is a huge variable, he's been exceptional this season. I wouldn't give the game to Portland either way, the Suns play the Blazers so well down there...
Jason Schwanke::blazers should win this game if they continue to play as they have been during this 11 game win streak. if bledsoe is out, i dont think phoenix stands a chance. if he plays this game will be decided by less than 5 points. blazers are clicking right now though and playing almost flawless team basketball... Portland 98 - Phoenix 90
Barry N McCockiner::Dragic is no slouch. The Suns are young and are struggling to close out games, that's their real problem.
Roderick Marshall::Time for porrland to get to playing defense and hitting those 3's! Come on wesley, hit those 3's.  Go Blazers!
Roderick Marshall::Portland has a tough game tonight,  but, if they continue to play the way they have been and step up their defense,  they can get the win. Go Blazers!
Kevin Kretschmer::Aldrige and Lillard! ?Tough to beat. Go Blazers!
Eric Witt::This is a true test. No matter how good or bad Portland is, playing in Phoenix is always their kryptonite...
McMatty::We just need Ms Teschmacker: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lhSwNDMgNzI
Jonathan Ascencio::i always liked Dragic, whenever him and Vujacic would go at it i would always go for Dragic and im an LA fan.
Tyler Moss::Suprised Eric Evans isn't in here blowing up this place already. That guy makes Suns fans look bad everywhere.
Matt Johnson::This is a game Portland should win big but they did get the Loss on Opening night to this very same team so anything can happen.
Barry N McCockiner::I think you're selling the Suns short here. They almost beat them the 2nd time they played too.
Roderick Marshall::Great first quarter! Go Blazers!!!!
Michael Schmidt::People always blame the refs. Funny
Nick Campbell::This game had nothing to do with the Blazer Bench you stupid, ignorant people. You bring up the Bench even when the Bench was a non factor in this game. Don't be idiots. This game was decided in the 2nd QTR when a vast amount of no calls from the refs turned into wide open 3's by a team who shot just unbelievably well. It didn;t matter what the Blazers did, they could not get any calls, and the Suns just continued to shoot lights out. Great shooting, horrible refs.
Brandon Bove::LOL blame the refs for a no show from the Blazers. Its already a given the NBA refs suck. Bad calls work both ways. Phantom calls on Plumlee and an obvious out of bounds call off of Portland. They got outplayed plain and simple. Dragic beasted Lillard yesterday and the Portland big men were helpless against Frye and the Morris twins.
Ryan Kenneth Leddy::Go Channing! So glad to see him back on the court. He is a very dynamic player, there are not many big men that can stroke it from three, play decent post defense, block shots, and get rebounds. Once Bledsoe returns, our offense will be a very dynamic one.
Brandon Tigues::blazers playin terrible on defense tonight that's the difference in tonight's game, they have no problem scoring but phx comes back down the court and get whatever shot they want..but 13-3 is still great.
Michael Listek::That's not the same defense the blazers have been playing this year, looks more like last years defense, hopefully they can get back on track
Remington Brown::Blazers having a great start and i love seeing underdog teams so people up. But dont forget who gave u 1 of ur 2 L's, this will be a close game and probably come down to the last 2min of the game
Shawnee Allison::both games were very worrisome the suns always seem to have the blazers number regardless of how good they are. i hope we take this one though and keep the good times rolling
Tom Totosz::I love how espn writes Ish Smith bad pass like he ever throws a good one. It should just say Ish Smith pass then in parentheses put the name of the guy who stole the ball
Kevin Walker::giving up 40 in 12 minutes is not good but i dont expect phoenix to keep it up. if portland can keep up the same offensive production then they should be fine
Nick Campbell::The majority of those points were 3's off the extra pass after a no call from the refs on several different things, push off, shoulder drive, over the back, and travelling.
Marvin Fernandez::Portland is not matching phoenix's intensity. dragic, tucker, plumlee are out hustling these guys.
Nick Campbell::I'm sure they could match the intensity if a few calls or no calls would actually go Portlands way. This is just getting ridiculous, and it is icing on the cake for the Suns with how hot they are shooting.
Keith Buckner::Trailblazer fans, i'm an Illini fan and was wondering what happened to Myers Leonard and why he get's no playing time.
Brandon Tigues::I'm not a blazers fan but my guess is because they have lopez and freeland
Eric Witt::Phoenix Suns own Portland in Phoenix... They just can't match the energy level and the Suns shoot lights out!
McMatty::I think the Suns should feel proud having the only European Player with a name that Mike Rice can pronounce correctly in Dragic. I would have assumed Mr. Rice would call him the Go Dragon!
Andrew Jackson::What if the blazers had Sabonis and Wallace in their primes too??? Western Conference dark horses?
Kevin Walker::heck, why dont we just ressurect drexler and porter and robinson while we are at it!
Cody Palmer::What's the timetable for CJ's return? I used to live in Portland so I would have known, but I'm in Kentucky now so I don't hear much if anything, about it.
Don Layton::The last I heard was a couple weeks ago - and they said he was still several weeks out. Kind of vague.
Don Layton::Found this...http://blogs.columbian.com/blazer-banter/2013/11/15/cj-mccollum-will-take-ct-scan-in-a-month-on-foot/
Cody Palmer::Thanks!
