OregonDucksWinTheDay::Blazers.. :(
amiller244::It's just embarrassing to be a Blazer fan...we have no heart anymore. Apparently since the playoffs became out of reach, we just stopped trying. Doesn't instill much confidence in the team going into next season.
KiD.Clutch.35::So from what I gather, Adam "basketball genius" Harrison, is giving OKC fans tips on how to become better so OKC can beat the Heat?  Thats it.  You wanna help us beat your team of coattail riders?
C2Poke88::Don't be mad just because your super stars' coat tails aren't as long as the Big 3's coat tails.
KiD.Clutch.35::Im ashamed your an OSU fan.  Youre obviously a frontrunner being from OK and being a Heat fan.  Disgusting.
KiD.Clutch.35::Youre a fu.cking idiot.  Nobody on OKC can be a coattail rider.  OKC's superstars were drafted.  Bosh and James whisked themselves away to play in the land of DWade.  Jesus, you would think you'd know that.
Tekkenizer::thunder Cats! top seed.
kim 2331::INTPICKS did it again!!! OKC easily covered -10 and Nets won outright! Now 8-1 last 3 days!!! Cash it baby!!!! google intpicks and join the party!!!
SOONER.FAN86::$@%!$@% did it again!!! Maria easily covered my ball and Shaqwaunda blew outright! Now bustin a nut for 3 days!! Jiz baby!! Google !$@%!$@ and join the party!!!
SOONER.FAN86::This will get removed
SOONER.FAN86::yawn
the only limits are the ones you set yourself::russell westbrook good job taking away KD's scoring title.
KiD.Clutch.35::yawn x 2
SOONER.FAN86::yawn
Strike 1 yer OUT::spurs trolls show up here and then thunder fans are friends with them.. end of the world
SOONER.FAN86::I am friends with all Spurs trolls
Vaughnz011::Reggie Jackson !!
Strike 1 yer OUT::lol @ COMMENTS REMOVED!!!
airemark::Curry has 45 for GS
Strike 1 yer OUT::LOL at the thunder fan defending the spurms troll that showed up
Tekkenizer::win's a win idiot...take top seed!
Strike 1 yer OUT::seriously.. you blow
shakes592::MY MASTURBATION SESSIONS ARE TAXING
shakes592::7 Points for the 3rd qrt wtf
AhmetKuzu::absolute BS!!!!
North Polars::It's all good everyone I am watching the game now... no need to worry about me anymore.  I got that sh.it workin bro!
kosports53::Still waiting for my one more win to get to 34. Might be a game between the benches with the Clips and the Warriors. The pain continues...
azzyfbaby::Fact : Rondo will be back before Derick Rose
Go_Sounders::Fact: The Sonics will win an NBA title before the Thunder do.
Tekkenizer::ha ha
Aron3411::Fact:the sonics don't exist... so ur point is kinda dumb
North Polars::I always get a box in front of the screen on First Row telling me I have to download something... how do I get rid of that sh.it?
springfresh3.1::its advertising, wait 20 sec and a close link pops up
North Polars::Ahhh got that sh.it workin thanks dude
azzyfbaby::whats that a virus in the link
Strike 1 yer OUT::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3LJMBOMNGC8
brian_millcreek::Patience, grasshopper
brian_millcreek::Can we all at least agree that liking your own comment is doo-shish, at best?
azzyfbaby::hmm westbrick played decent tonight huh
Vaughnz011::^^ tf?
azzyfbaby::westbrick
Strike 1 yer OUT::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3LJMBOMNGC8
Strike 1 yer OUT::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3LJMBOMNGC8
springfresh3.1::who
theAdamHarrison::If only the 96-98 Bulls teams had differed to Luc Longley more. They could have really been great.
theAdamHarrison::I misspelled a word. Guess you know more about baksetball. lol
theAdamHarrison::It was a loose comparison. The point is you don't defer to the crappier player.
butterbeancd::Yes, if you think Russell Westbrook and Luc Longley are comparable, then we obviously do.
airemark::It's deferred you $@%
butterbeancd::The word you're looking for is "deferred," and now you're just making ridiculous comparisons and you know it.
ThunderFresh::you know portland is classy as hell when its not their fans being annoying on the board. y'all have a bright future with lillard, he's gonna continue to  grow his skills
Dadsterbug::Can't win games with just a good guard....the last time we were a complete team was in the early 90's with the Duck at center.  We have no enforcers.
DucksRUNpac12 v7.0::Gonna have to draft some decent pieces around him.
theAdamHarrison::It doesn't take a basketball genius to know a player who's less efficient doesn't need to be shooting more than a player who's more efficient. It's actually really, really basic math.
butterbeancd::People are overly obsessed with the number of shots these two take. I've never seen this so analyzed to death. Durant is consistently double teamed and has trouble against bigger defenders. He passes when there's a lane, and shoots when he's open. Westbrook is much better at creating separation and getting his own shot. Basketball isn't played with math.
theAdamHarrison::Wow. You don't even know your own player. KD is a top-3 player at creating his own shot. Seeing as how he's maybe the best shooter in the league, is 7 ft tall, and has like a 7'2" wingspan. He can rise above almost everyone. I'm through wasting my time with you.
butterbeancd::Again, you obviously don't watch them play much. If it's late in a close game, you can see Durant calling for the ball and Westbrook feeds him every time. Hence why KD's fourth-quarter scoring is so high. You just sound like an uninformed fan who looks at box scores and harps on one stat, then draws insane comparisons based on that one stat.
butterbeancd::Are you saying Jordan and KD have the same game? Because that's just mind-numbing. Jordan had the ability to create separation the way Westbrook does. KD doesn't have that. Why are you using the same measuring stick for two totally different players?
theAdamHarrison::Jordan got doubled and tripled. He found other teammates and made them pay. Then he ended shooting the most on the team. Like, almost every game. Because he was their best player. Thunder fans really need to get smart about this before they waste the Durant era. Kid is crazy special. His point guard is holding him hostage. But again, it's KD's fault at the end of the day for not standing up and demanding it.
airemark::Mr. Harrison is not amused
ThunderFresh::nice to see someone using this new thing called logic. maybe Mr. Harrison should watch the $@%!$@% game before talking
Jacks_Link::and yet you are a giant $@%!$@%.
DucksRUNpac12 v7.0::North Polars go to vipbox.tv
Kobelies247::Lakers might lose!!! HAHAHAAHHAHAHAHAH!!!!!
Dadsterbug::Bye Bye Stotts....you have now made it abundantly clear you are not smart enough to be a head coach in this league.  And our owner needs to be replaced if he continues to staff our team with the worst bench in the league.  Aldridge &amp; Batum will be gone &amp; we'll again be the 22 win team we deserve to be.
DucksRUNpac12 v7.0::Batum means nothing. Dude is overrated. He's so inconsistant.
thunderupman::MOST IN DENIAL FANS  1.LAKERS 2.CELTICS 3.NUGGETS 4. MAVERICKS 5. PACERS
driveman01::Yo mama after humpin' dat pool boy last summer......
hitz2::Knicks
digimon.emperorv3::0. thunder
Jacks_Link::Good game guys. Thunder Up!
North Polars::For First Row what do you have to download??? I don't wanna get a damn virus
brian_millcreek::Download nothing. Ever.
springfresh3.1::stream
springfresh3.1::you stream games like youtube
North Polars::What is that?
brian_millcreek::Good game OKC. Come on Jazz, let's get 3 teams in from the Northwest division.
azzyfbaby::okc will never get a ring
azzyfbaby::corny
azzyfbaby::i like durant i feel bad for him
Marshall7584::Neither will your mom cause she's ugly af
digimon.emperorv3::finally
hitz2::As a bulls fan I can't stand watching LaMarcus Aldridge...too many what if questions
DucksRUNpac12 v7.0::WTF!?
hitz2::Bulls drafted him dumb.$@%
DucksRUNpac12 v7.0::Portland is going to end up being that 6-8th seed every year, just good enough to get into the playoffs, yet bad enough to never have a chance for a title, and good enough to never get a decent draft pick. Injuries suck man.
springfresh3.1::Port just cant catch a break, they come out hot early in the season and then just collapses.,  the Jordan curse lingers
springfresh3.1::I was being fectitous
Dadsterbug::Shows how little you know about that draft!
butterbeancd::It's too bad the talent in Portland is being wasted with mediocre coaching. If they can get a solid coach in there, this could be a dangerous team. But go Thunder, one step closer to that No. 1 seed.
portland1975::Uh, a bunch of rookies
arvinramroop::GG Portland's fans
DucksRUNpac12 v7.0::Wow Portland is terrible. Gotta suck it up for that draft pick!
portland1975::Yep, we can be like Charlotte!
Strike 1 yer OUT::RUSS &gt; lil russ
KiD.Clutch.35::Well Adam,   Thanks for showing me how pathetic Heat fans can be.  Good night all.  TTFU!
Marshall7584::fu.ck the heatttt
thunderupman::peace bro
Marshall7584::FU.CK THE HEAT
DaveOK69::Good game Portland fans.
ThunderFresh::when i think of portland i think of the dankest weed imaginable
portland1975::Jailblazers!
ThunderFresh::i love their rip city jerseys
thunderupman::portlandia
savelando::put a bird on it
theAdamHarrison::Butterbean and KidClutch have it ALL figured out. I envy them.
Maniacpkt::with all your NBA knowledge, why aren't you running a team?
theAdamHarrison::With all your witty comebacks why aren't you a stand-up-comic?
theAdamHarrison::It's a wonder.
azzyfbaby::OKC is @ss
azzyfbaby::against portland..who cares
ThunderFresh::lil wayne fans are known to be intelligent
thunderupman::with a win hahahaha
thunderupman::nobody is scared of the nuggets without gallinari sorry :(
Marshall7584::THANK GODD! ( not in a bad way for him, i hope he heals fast and well ).. after the playoffs
brian_millcreek::Whatever helps you sleep at night.
springfresh3.1::You should be,  they put up 132 on Rox w/o Gallo or Ty
savelando::dont the rox have the 3rd worst defense?
TheJTram::I understand that OKC wants Westbrook to score but wouldn't the Thunder benefit more if KD got more touches than Westbrook?
airemark::Aw maannnn! Reggie Jammin
theone1003::Mission accomplished Vegas you rigged another one
Maniacpkt::did you actually bet on the blazers?
KiD.Clutch.35::cry me a river
thunderupman::I THINK OF PORTLANDIA
Strike 1 yer OUT::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3LJMBOMNGC8
springfresh3.1::I still think of goonies when I think of Oregon....HEY YOU GUYSSSS
KiD.Clutch.35::BABY--RUTH???
springfresh3.1::Ruth Ruth Baby Ruff
