dcreery15::wat ppl don't get about knicks is that the problem is ther defense, lin shump walker jeffries and chandler is way better then lin fields carmelo stat and  chandler  more on that here http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
papazoid::jazz continue to get outplayed in 4th qtr
coptrust::the jazz still won
ryensgin::Did anybody see Nick Young's fast break layup against the Lakers tonight?  How about Gee's dunk with Gallinari hanging on the rim in the cavs nuggets game? Which play will be number one on the not top ten this week?
rumplenuts::beer
ryensgin::Jefferson just proved he is the #1 Scoring Center in the NBA.  His offensive game is so sweet, it's like music.   Look at what Bismack did to Dwight Howard last night.  Held him to 13 points, recorded 7 blocks and had at least 10 boards.  Jefferson made Bismack look silly all night long and he admitted to it as well.   Go Big Al!
Psuedohoax::Jeremy Evans gets only one minute, and the Jazz were up 20 at one point? Lame. How do you expect him to improve like that Ty Corbin?
Psuedohoax::Bad players don't shoot 74% from the field. They just don't.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::74% of his shots must be dunks... I love the guy I really do but he is definitely the least skilled basketball player on the Utah Jazz. He however is one of my favorites.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::not to sound pessimistic...I love Jeremy Evans but he was in 1 minute and the Jazz got outscored by 8 during that 1 minute.
PTSup20::Jeremy evans is awesome but he's not a basketball player, pretty sure the jazzs' priorities are to develop the players with promise. Evans is just a bench warmer he won't be in the league long.  Love the guy though
ut_jazz06::Evans is a hustle player and there is a spot for him in this league. You are really underrating him.
zm6860::true that
zm6860::They only won by 6.  I'm not Ty's biggest fan but give a brother a break.
AceyUT::only won by six because the jazz tend to just play lazy when they are up
Klow561981::Nice game big al. Way to go jazz
Dukeisking2010::I'm sorry but how are the Bobcats this bad?
Vikings0xChampions::jordan
lll__::why don't the jazz ever play in the 4th quarter?
dbdevil919201::Everyone check out this dude's take on Alec Burks and a few other jazz young players: http://thespindribble.wordpress.com/2012/03/08/examining-the-young-talent-in-utah-part-1-alec-burks/
PTSup20::Terrible writer, doesn't know anything
todogg 100::reasons why bobcats are worst team in nba history  http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
GoTmJazz52::Way to Go JAZZ! Did it. Work it. Inside to outside, back to back WINS. "BIG AL" JEFFERSON (25) &amp; "O MY" JOSH HOWARD (8) "YOU GOT TO LOVE IT BABY" "KEEP WINNING TO THE END" "GO JAZZ" ALRIGHT!!
Andrew-Baugh::Nice win jazz!! Some of these charlotte fans act like their team should exist.. What a joke lmfao.. I dont care if your a die hard fan or not.. Just cause your team has made the playoffs once aint sh.it.. Lol
zm6860::cause they live in/are from charlotte.  What do you want them to do?  Cheer against the home team?  It wouldn't be fun playing a team that no one cared about.
lll__::i like charlotte. i like the jazz more..but i like charlotte.
Andrew-Baugh::Why you swingin from my nuts doo? I dont wanna talk to you
Talentsojhin::stay classy...
BigA3723::I should put out a hit on the guy that shot the 3 pointer with 5 seconds left to riun the spread
kenny wins::Why pull up for a three  this is the NBA.   Bas $@%!   knew what the line was.
bucknasty843::$$$
Dj2Hauter::YES!!!!!!!  200 RAPTORS BOBCATS PARLAY HIT!!!  Man I'm usually on the other side of this!!! I'll take it!!!
Mickeywit49::Well done DJ, great punt.
Dj2Hauter::Thank You.. Last friday I had memphis -3.5 and Cloney Jr misses 2 Fts.  Sat. Mavs blow that 20 point lead in the 4th.  Yesterday I had the rockets +4.5 so it's about time Im luck changed
Dj2Hauter::MY*
kenny wins::Good for you...    WOW,   Char, scores 10 points the final 1:53    unreal
kenny wins::How the F. U. C. K   did i just blow 220 at -7     NO WAY
Mickeywit49::Kenny, i dont know, i had the +7 and i counted it as a loss with 1 min to go.  You have been reemed!!!
MinnFanInUT::Good lord, two 3-point fouls in a game.  Where did our fraggin' defense go?
MagicianJohnson::Starters blowing a lead. Whats new?
Rick Grimes Mirkwood Hoth::IM STARVIN. WE AINT HAD NOTHIN BUT MAGGOTY BREAD FOR 3 STINKIN DAYS!!!
mikeisildur::WHAT ABOUT THEM?  THEY'RE FRESH!
Rick Grimes Mirkwood Hoth::BUT I WANTED TO GO TO THE TASHI STATION TO PICK UP SOME POWER CONVERTERS!!!BUT I WANTED TO GO TO THE TASHI STATION TO PICK UP SOME POWER CONVERTERS!!!BUT I WANTED TO GO TO THE TASHI STATION TO PICK UP SOME POWER CONVERTERS!!!BUT I WANTED TO GO TO THE TASHI STATION TO PICK UP SOME POWER CONVERTERS!!!BUT I WANTED TO GO TO THE TASHI STATION TO PICK UP SOME POWER CONVERTERS!!!BUT I WANTED TO GO TO THE TASHI STATION TO PICK UP SOME POWER CONVERTERS!!!
football_forever::What you guys think drop harrington for maggette?  could use a constant starter with consistant mins, and good ft%
marcus-s2981::kinda dry when a team is 5-32...lol im just sayin.
football_forever::anyone?
BridgerThePackersFan::IM SEXY AND I KNOW IT
mikeisildur::Another ridiculous stat line from Al Jefferson.  Where's all the moron Jazz fans clamoring for him to be traded now?
randomstranger12::As long as Jefferson remembers how to pass, this team can win. If he goes back to being Blackhole Jefferson, then trade him and develop Favors and Kanter. No one has denied that Jefferson has talent, but when he's not passing out of double teams, he's ineffective  and he's more harmful than helpful to this team.
zm6860::to worst management in the NBA. Do not trade Jefferson.  If you care at all about downtown SLC you will hold on to this team.  This message is to you Miller.  Your father was a visionary who helped put this city on the map.  Don't trample on his legacy by selling this team like I know your thinking.  Kevin Oconnor has displayed some of the worst management I have ever seen in a profession.  He managed to get a hall of fame coach to quit and a legacy player to trade with no benefit in one move.  FIRE your management it is the worst in the NBA
ryensgin::How long has big Al played for us?  You've got to give a new team time to develop together bro.   Is Jerry Sloan and D-will's departure on big Al? Come on man.  Al has been a soldier through really tough circumstances.  Think of what last year could a been if things hadn't fallen apart. Big Al is the face of our franchise and a stud!
Psuedohoax::Big Al led the team in points rebounds and assists for the second game in a row. He's totally carrying the Jazz. I don't think he is the problem with the Jazz...
magp101::Is Big Al really the answer?  Cant wait to almost make the playoffs year after year.  Jazz are 19-19 with his ridiculous stat lines btw...
lll__::Jefferson sucks. We NEED TO TRADE HIM!!!
StocktonToMalone 2::Jefferson 21pts 8 rebs and 5ast
football_forever::have had al jeff on my team all year, and wouldn't trade him.  Dude is a stud.  I have millsap as well,.
Andrew-Baugh::All star!!  Way better than bynum..
Bigherschbeatz::Its over! Utah will cover cash time!!!
Mickeywit49::Guys, how on earth did Charlotte beat the Magic last night, seriously!!
Mickeywit49::Mate, fair call.  But at least its disguised with out blowouts.
MinnFanInUT::Right, because there is so much consistency in the middle of the tables of the world football leagues, right?
Mickeywit49::More like tanking by the magic i think.  Cleary this happens alot in American sport.  No consistancy!!  Very dodgy
Allen4875::act of god.
1byufanjmj::do you think the jazz will make the playoff's this year?
randomstranger12::Thankfully, no. It'll be good for the young guys to be in the mix at the end of the season, fighting to get some wins. However, it'll be better for the team in the long run if they get a lottery pick. Also, Corbin needs to play the young guys more. He should demand that between Favors, Burks, Hayward, and Kanter, they should put up 30 shots per night, regardless of how many they make.
ofaixa::Not unless they can win on the road. I think they'll finish 9th or 10th when all is said and done.
Allen4875::FFS.   the game has been decided in a 3 minute stretch of bad play.    charlotte is garbage once again
Mickeywit49::agree!!!
ofaixa::What was the line on this game? Utah -6?
Mickeywit49::looks as though the Jazz will cover that easily!!!
Andrew-Baugh::Wow looks like charlotte finally got to the 100 fans at the game mark... Lol why is this still a team?
marcus-s2981::TALENTSOJHIN yeah im sure a big part of that was the start of the season attendance the first few weeks...lol
Andrew-Baugh::I will slap a bi.tch!
hokies63::FUC* You A**hole I a diehard bobcats fan, their just going through a rough patch (playoffs 2009)
Andrew-Baugh::Either way.. Why is this still a team? Perennial losers..
Talentsojhin::19th in the league in attendance...what about the 11 teams below them?
MagicianJohnson::Yeah good job Corbin, Bell really produces in those minutes, he deserves them. It isn't like you have a lottery pick riding the bench or anything
adamsbrian88::FREE ALEC BURKS
Allen4875::bobcats playing good,  actually competing for once and of course.   a fluke 3pt shot.   Im not sure Charlotte is ready to win a quarter against a consistant scoring offense.    but the competing is really good.
Allen4875::yah mizzle,  I hear you.  It feels like something has woken up after Silas got ejected.   I don't expect Charlotte to ever win, but competing is what I expect on a nightly basis.   no 40 pt blowouts.
Mizzle85::Bobcats + competing haven't gone together in a sentence for weeks. Glad they are back to competing at the level I expected when the season started. Not a good team, but defintely not one that should lose by 20+ on a consistent basis. Diaw is a cancer.
Jthizz69::The Bobcats are playing well, actually competing for once. That was a fluke 3-Point shot. I'm not sure Charlotte is ready to win a quarter against an offense that can score consistently. At least they are competing.* FTFY.
darktraderchin::whats the score at half?
The Stew-Tang Clan::that site has been banned for awhile now
Garfoose14::go to firstrowsports and you can watch the game free...
darktraderchin::tyty, nothing was updating
Garfoose14::51 47 jazz
Garfoose14::Bobcats trade Henderson and Walker?????????? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHg5SJYRHA0
jaylendixon301::I HATE U SO MUCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THAT WAS STUPID!!!!!!!!!!!
Garfoose14::oops my bad wrong link! lol http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHg5SJYRHA0
Mizzle85::No.
rookiemadness::What's up with Henderson?  Only 3 points in the half...?
jaylendixon301::he ain't getting the ball much cause #50 back and he been playing good
Mizzle85::He's still not aggressive enough.
Talentsojhin::2nd half player.
Mizzle85::Let's go Bobcats let's go.
danielabbas::Maggette's been playing well for 2 days
jaylendixon301::man it's just a fluke and if we pick up a win tonite then u right
lemonstreemcgee::Peyton Manning signs with the Dolphins! http://www.peytonwatch.com/
lemonstreemcgee::Peyton Manning signs with the Dolphins! http://www.peytonwatch.com/
JoYoNoMe::is this a new charlotte team?
Allen4875::nope they are losing against a really really bad Utah road team
Mizzle85::Ha. Yeah it was. I remember it perfectly. I remember all of our wins perfectly. There aren't too many. Lol.
Allen4875::the only time I cheered for charlotte this year is when they punked new york.   that was a great day
Mizzle85::You obviously haven't watched Charlotte this year. This is a good thing to us. Lol.
yodaspeaks::All these teams giving it the Charlotte and it would be the Jazz that give Charlotte their best chance to win in nearly 3 weeks.
yodaspeaks::Ok then, their best chance to win 2 in a row the first time this season.
d_gettis12::Bobcats just won yesterday
StocktonToMalone 2::Magic....
lemonstreemcgee::Peyton Manning signs with the Dolphins! http://www.peytonwatch.com/
jaylendixon301::the bobcats are going to start trying now thats why the ain't getting blown out
Talentsojhin::They have all of the injuries back....they had 3 out of 5 starters out till last week.
Imkindamajor::derrick brown can be nice some days then its days where he messes up the whole play
Allen4875::FFS charlotte please just try and compete like yesterday.   go ahead and lose but FIGHT
Allen4875::clippers suck.  so do you.  no one cares about you, least of all me.  this is a digital trash bucket.
Jthizz69::Here's an objective POV to back me up, thanks mate. Funny that someone whose team is 5-31(bottom of the league) would say a team tied for the Pacific Division lead "sucks".
sfy2004::clippers suck? safe to say in years past, but maybe you should check them out with open eyes. they aint so bad this year.........so far. and for once the NBA has a worse owner than sterling.....................MJ.
Jthizz69::Wait, are you the guy who constantly spams the clippers and says they suck? and you're a CHARLOTTE fan?? No offense meant for liking Charlotte or anything, but damn it must be causing you some serious insecurity issues.
englandpats::Al Jefferson caught mouth kissing a horse  http://www.fancloud.com/nba/nbachat
lemonstreemcgee::Peyton Manning signs with the Dolphins! http://www.peytonwatch.com/
Imkindamajor::man we gotta trade DJ &amp; Diaw for some more pieces, kemba is just doggin hes gonna be so nasty
DEEBO3419::DJ is a good player. Since he came back we have at least been competitive.
Kujosh54321::trade them for some draft pics
Trubluemountaineer::dj is like a used condom
jaylendixon301::naw we to trade Najera &amp; Maggette so we can get wallace back cause u can't spell wallace without ``ace"
Imkindamajor::wallace isnt that good he can easily be replaced plus hes old
d_gettis12::and thomas, diop, carrell, and najera
