Steven-KnicksFan::knicks&gt; Celtics any day
CJ_PATRIOT_FAN::Celtics can't ever win when their bench gets outscored 55 TO FREAKIN' 2. Unacceptable.
jayshah96::Knicks would sweep the Celtics unless Ray, Pierce, and KG are willing to take a night off their daily bingo session. Then they would lose to the Knicks 4-1...
Road dog Red::CELTICS
highofflehigh::suck
CJ_PATRIOT_FAN::Since when does a championship "not count"? Were they vacated?! No. Are you a hater? Yes
jayshah96::11 in the Bill Russel era, doesnt count
bcboy081::Guess 17 championships suck
JR_Smith_8::I was on fire yesterday ;)
torrtis::Steve Novak 8-10 3P JR Smith 7-10 3P
Michael38061::word
Michael38061::The Knicks, during the first half of this game, played like one of the greatest teams in NBA history . That performance ranks or stands alone as one of the greatest performances of all time on 72% shooting. Novak and Smith could ruin other NBA teams with that combo. That's why Melo is able to get open
griffithjunior::Everything you said is right except the last part; Novak and Smith are able to get open because of Melo, especially Novak, Smith can create off the dribble and get his own shot. Melo gets double which opens up the perimeter shooters.  This Knicks team is dangerous and next season will be serious contenders for a title
jayshah96::We are contenders for the title this year too, but next year, if we trade amare for a SG or SF and let Melo play SF and PF we are in
The Poster above me is a Moron::Holy $@%!. The Championship celebration is still going on here.
simplyred30::This is Pat Ewing,  John Starks Knicks. They are the new Celtics.  Bye Bye Boston, even though I love you. New King in Town and he is not in South Beach.
simplyred30::why isn't Melo in the MVP talks.
cpkirkley::missed too much time, performance in the first half was poor.
Michael38061::On to New Jersey!
michael107114::I just read on yahoo Celtics almost really blew up this team, the report said them and Memphis agreed to trade Allen for Mayo and a pick they even told Allen he was traded but fell through, an also they just about agreed to trade Pierce to New Jersey for Mehmet okurs expiring contact and a lottery pick.
MUMBAI CANST LOSE::<span>MUMBAI!MUMBAI!MUMBAI!.</span>
redsoxfan4ever2009::Once &amp; a lifetime night for the Knicks last night. Lets see them try that every night.  Not in a million yrs. !!  Knicks = one round and done, Just like last year.
rican25284::HISTORY? Before the 2003-2010 we had on of the best franchises in the NBA. smh please know ur facts b4 u make yourself look stupid. And last yr we lost amare and billups and didn't have shump novak smith or chandler. Stop being bitter its not a good look lol
poppa-d76::did history stop the red sox from winning a few titles? because there's was much worse than the Knicks.
redsoxfan4ever2009::Like they say...."Opinion's are like @$$holes, Everyone has one". :)
Maclen44::last year was last year - this is a new year - Shumpert - JR Smith - Novak all new - Chandler is new - this is a new year
Maclen44::I supply a rational comment - an unbias comment that is 100% true - and you supply your opinion
redsoxfan4ever2009::blah, blah. It's not the players, It's the team's history that will follow you for ever. You'd be better off dressing Spike Lee. 2 Play PG.
Knickksin6::Celtics Losing Again on NBATV right now
Jeff7Kv::Wake me up when both these teams matter
Jeff7Kv::Again, it's the Knicks.  If you are someone who is a fan of this team....I get it, you love your team and want the best for them.  But from an outsider's perspective, they are getting so much undeserved publicity.  We;re talking a team that is likely going to get knocked out in Round 1, yet they're on the frontpage of this website seemingly every game.
rican25284::They are getting the publicity because they are close to getting healthy and have gone 14-4 since the allstar break. Do u even watch the games or are u one of those highlight fans?? This team is dangerous and can match up man for man better than any other team in the east.     Chandler- top two for defensive poty  Melo- 30+points per game since the break Novak- 48% from downtown ( leads the NBA ) Amare- 25+ points per game after the break b4 he got hurt  Shump- rookie of the yr candidate great defender can play 3 different positions Fields- 6-8 SG great defender and very good shooter  Smith- instant offense off of the bench  They have sxoring woodson has them playing D and they have a deep bench. Anything else u need to know. Oh yea and they have playoff experience chandler NBA champ Melo smith west conf runner up with Denver.
Maclen44::b/c you could say that they will be the most dangerous #7 or #8 seed in the history of the NBA - Knickerbockers are looking for a title - lets go!
OKMetsfan::Last nights game is a great example of why Rondo is an average player at best.  The reason the Knicks shoot 60+% from the field is he is too lazy to stop the trible and play anyone from the start of the shot clock to the end of the posssesion.  You can't play passing lanes when shots are being made on the perimeter.  No need to pass if you can make the wide open shots from where your standing.  While he was gambling on passing lanes the rest of his team was chasing open shooters around trying to catch up to the ball becasue he's dicking around playing nobody.  And when it got close at the end of the game he acted like taking a couple of steps to defend or save the ball from going out of bounds was out of the question.  Doc should have benched that lazy peice of crap halfway thru the 2nd quarter once he stopped defending his man.
LP94PatsFan::Woah, Carmelo " It's all about me " Anthony had Ten assists?? It's a miracle!
Maclen44::well when you can shoot over 50% from the floor and your not a big man - why would you pass the ball?
Jeff7Kv::I agree with LP94PatsFan....Carmelo is a bo-ob.
LP94PatsFan::Nope, Bucks.
LP94PatsFan::Sorry, Not a fan of either of these teams.
wecj3381::But you're a pats fan....Lemme guess, a Laker fan?
wecj3381::Poor little Boston fan is sad they lost a game.  Get over it hater.
vmanetti15::is it me or does my boy paul pierce look like bettlejuice
Clenbutador::When was the last time pierce shooting 18FTs in a game?
rooney608227::Pierce has always been among the league leaders in free throw shooting attempts and makes since he has been in the league.. So it was actually quite recently that he took that many... and its happened alot!!!!
Latino_sportsguy::Breaking News: Tyson Chandler of the New York Knicks has won DPOY award!
Dribbird::Celtics still would take the Knicks in a series.   Your not going to hit 19 3's every game.
jayshah96::Knicks would sweep the Celtics unless Ray, Pierce, and KG are willing to take a night off their daily bingo session. Then they would lose to the Knicks 4-1...
rican25284::Lol na not even. 5 game series 4-1 knicks
wecj3381::you+are=you're
imsorry777::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKLAzyWiC4
Maclen44::People say that we gave up too much to get Melo - well I say we have our role players now - Novak, JR Smith, Shumpert, Chandler - to go along with our star player Carmelo - we will be getting back Amare in a week or so and Lin could come back if we make it to the second round - overall that trade is looking nicer and nicer by the day
Maclen44::Knickerbockers - dangerous low seed for either Chicago or Miami - watch your backs - its playoff time - lets get it rollin
stop the duck::wheres jeremy lin?
Michael38061::If we get to the championship round Lin will have been back already
stop the duck::without jeremy lin the knicks will not win a title!
zo2423::knicks wont win the title anyways
libenitz::I guess NY figures out how to get a win in the playoffs.  Shoot 60 from 3.  Good luck with that.  Hell of a game.
BigToneCA::melo is really turning into the leader all of you said he could NEVER become. i hope everyone's man enough to admit when they're wrong and stop dragging his name through the mud. he has (not single handily, but none the less) brought my knicks back to relevance.
jakimeadoodle::Knicks Miami in the first round? Yes please
MWesterlin4321::2 points off the bench?!?!?!  That's sadly impressive
jbarnes1621::Yeah as a C's fan that is the stat that stuck out to me that decided this game, more so having the bench be outscored 55-2.  That is just nuts.  Props to JR and Novak.  It was not the high shooting % by this Knicks or the number of 3's they made.  It was the C's depleated bench not doing a damn thing except take up space.
Mgthegreat::bibby outscore there bench
finalfourinfinity::only hobos with no clothes  participate in the "win a skip bayless t-shirt"  contest
Larry Davheeb::No $@%!$@ in the Knicks armour last night.
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::lol poor choice of words for that reporter a while back, but we did look pretty awesome last night
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::Real talk...I'd love to see Skip Bayless and Charles Barkley debate each other for an entire show.
BigToneCA::so would i. it'd be nice to see sir charles $@%! on him.
Yanks for the Winn::I hate Skip. Doesn't everybody?
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::nah.  once you get past the man crushes on Favre and Tebow, he's not bad lol
Yanks for the Winn::Pierce-18 FT's. Cause he's a faker/flopper.
finalfourinfinity::knicks bench 55 points         boston bench  2 points
Women are for having sex with and not for playing sports::i am not married to a bulldog chewbacca crossbreed  -odom
finalfourinfinity::who are you talking to? nobody is here
Women are for having sex with and not for playing sports::The Indiana Fever have taken a 2-to-1 lead in the WNBA Finals. Not in games, but in fans.
Women are for having sex with and not for playing sports::With the guaranteed contract that was given to first pick Nnemkadi Ogwumike, she can afford to put a down payment on a used honda civic.
savetheplanet35::knicks need to move up to the 6 spot...avoid chicago and miami in first round and maybe they can get to eastern finals
Women are for having sex with and not for playing sports::wnba is like men's d-league. both have below average players and both employ players with p.enises
Women are for having sex with and not for playing sports::thanks to the wnba, i am glad i can one day say to my grandkids i make more money than a professional basketball player
savetheplanet35::how dumb are you really ?
Knickksin6::Atleast everyone hopes Lebron loses.
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::LeBron losing is a fore gone conclusion.
GBM04::NOPE
GBM04::This was over at halftime.
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::LeBum with 4 titles....that would be pretty funny.
savetheplanet35::over at halftime ?....you must be a hockey fan...if novak did not hit those late threes knicks would have loss
Knickksin6::heat fan....... boy would've been smarter
savetheplanet35::says the 13year old
GBM04::OVER
Knickksin6::if  'ifs' and 'buts' were candy and nuts.....  Lebron would have 4 titles
Yo11Centerfield9::My talking heads rankings  1. Dan LeBatard 2. Wilbon  3. Jalen Rose 4.  Ryan Russilo 5.  Van Pelt 6.  Kornheiser 7.  Simmons  8.  Buster Onely 9.  Sir Charles 10.  Steve Kerr
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::SVP is pretty cool too.  plus he reps the terps so i'm biased
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::Im riding with Jalen on this one.  He's come a LOOOOOOONG way from that crack house in Detroit......
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::Especially when he DIDN'T punch Skip in the face while they was arguing.  U could tell he was HEATED.
u neeD a MURAcle::Jalen is top-5. Such a real dude.
u neeD a MURAcle::Not a fan of the Cowherd?
Yo11Centerfield9::Cowherd is pretty good, but I really dont tune in to him
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::i used to hate colin cowherd, because he just seemed like a d-bag.  but then I actually listened to what he was saying one day, and he was making a lot of sense.  Tends to drag topics out too long, but I'll just blame that on being on the radio and not having an audience to tell him move on lol
u neeD a MURAcle::He's in my top 10.
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::oh ok.  yeah I like Wilbon and Kornheiser a lot.  Barkley is probably my favorite because he doesn't really care, but he knows what he's talking about and can still be really humourous and insightful at the same time
luis4106::Barkley is an idiot, he sits there and pokes fun at players like lebron for not winning anything or the knicks for last winning a title in the 70's and yet he never won a ring either.  Thats a real hater for you
Yo11Centerfield9::LeBatard's radio show with Stugotz and Hochman is the best out there, IMO.  If you can get by having to listen to most things Miami, the show is insightful and humorous.  I actually download it everyday and would rather listen to him than my local chicago sports station.
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::These your faves, or you just saying they speak what they're told?
Yo11Centerfield9::My favs to listen to.
Women are for having sex with and not for playing sports::king of pop was at the beach, and a woman said excuse me you are in my son.
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::Im riding with Jalen on this one.  He's come a LOOOOOOONG way from that crack house in Detroit......
Women are for having sex with and not for playing sports::congrats to britney griner, you are a ncaa women bball champ.  thanks to hard work, dedication, practice, self preservation, self believe, and being a man
savetheplanet35::ok let me know when you get to the joke part..
King_James_6_23::The real LeBron James. Like this comment and post your twitter name and I will follow you!
Women are for having sex with and not for playing sports::@britneygrinersadamsapple
u neeD a MURAcle::@allidoisCHOKECHOKECHOKE #nomatterwhat
Duncan_and_Company::@KRM_Swaggin
KevinBryant1987::@LeBronsHairlineisReceding
Parker_For_Mvp::@B_Sherry13
BeMilwaukee3::@MrFakeBayless
Miaminati::@lecherry_pick
savetheplanet35::steve novak sealed the WIN now lets see if he gets the same attention as jeremy LIN....no pun intended.
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::Jeremy Lin also had no film registered in any coaches locker room when he started playing big mins.  Once the coaching staff realized he had no left hand, things started to go down hill.  And, just so it can be said, MELO SEALED THE WIN WITH A TRIPLE DOUBLE.  And, BIBBY SCORED.
u neeD a MURAcle::I see no pun, Therefore, no pun accepted.
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::that will never happen.  Lin had statistically the best start of all time, and was a week away from being known as a d-league HOF.
bemilwaukee2::hokay
BeMilwaukee7::I went shopping for camouflage shorts yesterday but couldn't find any.
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::Did you try "Do.uchebags-R-Us"?  I heard they had a sale going on....buy a pair of shorts and get a dirty budweiser cap and a pair of flip-flops FREE.
Parker_For_Mvp::Leave now troll.
VT..Engineer::Novak is the best pure shooter in the NBA!  ;)
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::How can u say that?  One player is having a really good season from the 3 point line........the other is RAY ALLEN, statistically the best 3pt shooter of ALL TIME.  Next, we'll say that Chandler is a better all around defender than Hakeem Olajuwon.  You guys DO know that from the ESPN links at the top of the page, you can look at STATISTICS, right?
u neeD a MURAcle::Ray Allen is obviously the better player, but Novak may be the best pure shooter.
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::Im a Knicks fan, but I gotta go with Ray on this one.  One year can't compare to 15.  No matter HOW good the year was.
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::3points yes, but he can't create his own shot so he's a liability at times lol.  still my dude tho
savetheplanet35::purer than ray allen ?
aazizi::I dunno. "When" Steph Curry plays, his shot is pretty nice.
aazizi::Damn. Novak shoots 3s better than D12 shoots free throws.
The Poster above me is a Moron::Skip Bayless, the person who is deader on the inside than Heath Ledger
Yo11Centerfield9::Are you refering to Heath?
Yo11Centerfield9::I wasn't sure.  I was racking my brain on who Keith was.
The Poster above me is a Moron::FACT
