Seskatchewan::the Nuggs are relatively deep... why do they suck
mattybombatty333::No shooters, too many talented but raw bigs.
The Injured Mamba::Trade proposal.....LaMarcus Aldridge for Kevin Love.
BillWaltonsHair::phq no.
BillWaltonsHair::no.
Darius Miles::blazers would need to give more for Love than just aldridge. I would do that in a heartbeat though. I think we play better without aldridge anyways
bostonhater200::No way. To trade for LA, twolves need to give Love, Rubio, Beasly, and 1st round picks for 2013, 2014.
jons_guitar::Blazers fan here. I'd trade LMA for Love in a second.
BleedYellow0587::You know Beasley doesn't even play for Minnesota anymore, right?
sportsgrlmegan::Hickson is a beast on the boards!!
wassermelone_kittah::The fact that the nuggets shot 0% from 3 and lost by 8 means the blazers are not good people, should've been a 20+ point blowout
bostonhater200::Quit trashing the Blazers. It's not the Blazer's fault that your team sucks.
eazyt_971::The fact that the nuggets are the worst 3pt shooting team in the league means that Denver is not good. You can't win in todays NBA without the 3 pt shot.
DucksRUNpac12-v2.0::Luke Babbit is turning into a nice Player.....get Babbitized!
Thiele05::Won and lost at the three point line....probably more lost than won.
coljetsfan::J.J. Hickson is becoming a beast in the middle...
69durango::Prtland has a very good first seven and Lillard is ROY.
69durango::Ty, Gallo and Iggy HAVE TO be more consistent.  KK, Manimal, Brewer are fairly consistent.  McGee is imporving.  Miller is very consistent.  We need Hamilton and Fournier to shoot well off the bench.
nba is the worst::Way to shoot, Nuggs
charlie hustle bets the over::what's up box score hero
Darius Miles::finally made it to a game this year. RIP CITY!
NickInP-Town::19 of 27 on the road to start the season is an utter joke by the NBA schedule makers. absolutely ridiculous.
goacc2k::what kind of horrible schedule making has the NBA done with Denver???  they have had 19 Road games and only 8 home games.  that is wayyy too lopsided.  the fact that denver is 1 game over .500 is amazing.  once they hit their groove, and start balancing out their schedule, look for denver to start moving up the standings!
jayeteee::Hey, goacc2k, don't forget they still have George Karl to hold them back.
AddictedtaQuak::Wait till the second half, their schedule is super easy. Go Blazers.
NOVABuffalo::Nuggets fans call Spurs fans out with comments such as this - afterall Spurs have played 17 of 27 on the road.  Guess what, look forward to the second half.
pelicansfan526::did denver really go 0-22 from beyond the arc
daveftn420::0-20
AddictedtaQuak::What's funny, the Blazers went 0-22 a week ago and still won the game. Glad to pass the torch onto Denver.
jayeteee::What's even funnier is how you exaggerate.
sk0dawgs::nah it was just a joke
Kobelies247::they did
Colin___444::The Denver Chicken Nuggets deliver more early season disappointment. One of the most disappointing teams so far.
Frieza::just 42 more seconds until this planet blows.
Kobelies247::LOL i hear gunshots!!! Portland OREGON!
Ding Dong Wiley 5.0::NBA basketball is a joke
bostonhater200::Go troll somewhere else.
ClayGold::your a joke
Ding Dong Wiley 5.0::My a joke?
ouchmeloisoutnowwhat::pretty sad when you win 4 straight and still in 12th position in the western conference. They will now loose 2-4 games then win 2 or 3, but they probably won't tun off 8-9-10 straight. Looks like no playoff this year or no better than 8 seed.
jons_guitar::Agreed.  On that front, I'd love to see some trades for younger guys.  Maybe LMA to Detroit for Monroe, or Hickson to Oklahoma for Lamb etc...
mattybombatty333::I don't think many POR fans expected p/os out of these guys. Just want to see improvement and direction.
Frieza::nuggets have been terrible since they traded melo.
charlie hustle bets the over::nuggets have gone farther in the playoffs than the knicks have (both years), wtf are you talking about??
Frieza::4 minutes until this planet blows.
supercabas::I'm a huge Blazers fan, but how this team is 12-12 is an absolute mystery.
DrownsKittens::I think he meant its a miracle they are 12-12 not 6-18...
Destruct0id::No bench duh
Frieza::7 minutes until this planet blows.
sk0dawgs::wait what time are YOU lookin at lol
sk0dawgs::shyyyyyttttttttt
dwyanewadeblockedyourfavoriteplayer3.0::Fuck
xtreme1002003::Sorry can't do that; I'm busy right now.
GeorgeTownDC29::andre miller is the only consistent player on the Nugs
jons_guitar::I remember how excited I was that Faried was still available at our pick, and then how crestfallen I was that we took Smith instead.
69durango::Ty, Gallo and Iggy HAVE TO be more consistent. KK, Manimal, Brewer are fairly consistent.  McGee is imporving. Miller is very consistent.  We need Hamilton and Fournier to shoot well off bench.
ider1234::Thanks for reminding me of the whole Felton/Miller Nolan over Faried garbage.
xtreme1002003::Wow the Booger #Nuggets were 0-22 from 3-point range against the #Blazers tonight.
ClydeTheGlide_22::#SoThisIsTwitterThen?
xtreme1002003::You can share your posts on Twitter.
DISandDAT6::#okay
License to Lillard::CHALUPA!  Fans got lucky in the end!
ider1234::Got mine on the way home.... already kind of regretting it.
ClydeTheGlide_22::Nice double-double!
xtreme1002003::Won my 2H Blazers bet +6.5 baby.
petersoncooper::Why do the Nuggets defend the 3 so poorly?
Will Conroy.::The World ended for the Nuggets Today.
UO2012::Leave it to ESPN to not have Lillard's dunk in the highlights...
sk0dawgs::nba.com didnt have that dunk in their top plays at all. guess they went to bed at half time
chris99171::That should be up there for dunk of the year. Leonard's was damn good, too.
Kobelies247::Was a good game! 5 rows in back of the Blazer bench... I actually clapped a few times for Portland!   But i have to say, the best part of the game was Mike Rice dancing with the Blazer dancers hahahah!!! That alone was worth it... And the fact i didnt pay for the tickets :)
hog541::Kobielies247 needs to get the hell out of oregon. You hater.
sk0dawgs::gimme your tickets next time
License to Lillard::Got 3 chalupa coupons, too.
chris99171::The Nuggets just missed another jump shot.
SportsFan9741::Niggets need a new voice. Karl's isn't getting through to this team.
petersoncooper::Their perimeter D continues to be so bad, they can't play in the half court, they go 0-22 from 3?  I'd say this is not working as well,
ider1234::So if there is a new voice they will actually hit 3's? They could have shot under 25% (5 for 22) and won this.
DISandDAT6::You're seriously questioning George Karl as a coach.... lol jesus christ.
washheightsboy3::It's depressing to consider that if the nuggets had gone an abysmal 3-22 from deep they might have won by a point.
washheightsboy3::Glad to help out, I think.
Rip City Forever::Thanks for breaking the record for us Denver lol
Rip City Forever::We set it last week and now we don't have it anymore darn ;)
SportsFan9741::Gallo and Iggy have got to go.
timmy3558::Galo is the only consistent scorer on this team..
Rip City Forever::I agree build around Lawson and faried
Rip City Forever::Nicolas batum
Viktor Karelin::At least the world didn't end....
SportsFan9741::I'll take Lillard over Lawson any day of the week.
Rip City Forever::Well durrr lol
ClydeTheGlide_22::Not to mention Batum over Galinari.
demtral::I'll take Lillard over all but about 20 guys in the NBA right now, too much potential.
ider1234::Back to .500!
SGO DucksnBlazers::Remember when Hollinger said Portland would finish almost last in the west... Have fun in Memphis....
Rip City Forever::Hollinger is garbageeee!
washheightsboy3::Doesn't Rocky do better than 0-22 on his backwards heave from half court?
SportsFan9741::This Nuggets team has completely quit on George Karl.
James04311::nuggets 0-22 3 point range
ClydeTheGlide_22::For those of you who missed Lillard's monstrous dunk: http://www.nba.com/blazers/tbtv/video.html?videoID=4510  It is a must see.
tfoutz31::awesome thanks!
ThinYellowLine::Why?  He's 6' 3" and should be able to dunk since he plays in the NBA.  Spud Webb could dunk, couldn't he?
WonTheDay::Well at least Colorado has the CU Buffaloes going for them... Oh wait, nevermind
sk0dawgs::preachin to the choir here in oregon
WestCoastSuperiority::J.J. Hickson 18pts 18rebounds, double-double.  Just another day of work.
NBAnuggets420::I would be more worried if I were a Blazers fan. The Nuggets were historically bad and you hardly beat them.
sk0dawgs::lol LMA is out, go load a snapper and get to bed nau
minifarmgirl12::that was the single-most worst team shooting performance i've ever seen
vanpelt4prez::They are a terrible shooting team...not usually as bad as tonight but a game last week they had 2 baskets outside the paint in the 2nd half
vanpelt4prez::If you watch the nuggets it's like this 3/4 nights not surprising at all
sk0dawgs::um i repeat, it's a new nba record.
minifarmgirl12::i watch every nuggets game, what are you talking about?
sk0dawgs::well they set a new record so, it's not just what you've ever seen
ClydeTheGlide_22::portland should have kept the record. only for a week.
ClydeTheGlide_22::"the worst" would have been correct.
sk0dawgs::doesn't mean it's elegant syntax
minifarmgirl12::it's grammatically correct, nice edit nerd
WonTheDay::Wow ... Blazers gave up there record that easily... Kinda ticks me off, we get a record and a week later we lose it
washheightsboy3::Just got back and I see I missed a record breaking performance by the nuggets.
