Rickster7218::I cannot believe Hakim Warrick is no where to be found, when this guy clearly was their go to guy earlier this year, he doesn't play good D but who does in the NBA....Hakim is getting screwed again....
The-DHARMA-Initiative::How is Monta Ellis even still in the NBA? He shoots like 20% every night. My grandma can underhand shoot half-court shots and get a higher FG%
andylg67::He is shooting 44%, just like Kobe.
MSUBALLFINAL4::maybe cuz he averages 25 ppg, and is capable of dropping 40 ever night.................... maybe thats why he is still in the nba
jeff050578::i would block your grandmas shot...Maybe
MJK4143::Free Chris Wright!!
Theworldsgreatest23829::Steve nash to the heat
CandySparker::Cheers, David Lee Vividly!
jasondmce1978::Shannon Brown must be thinking "why did I sign with a team that already had 17 wings?"
ZachC1965::Warriors should trade Biedrins for a guy.
super_lintendo_101::SexyLezlie
epamobsta::F \/ C K LeBron And F \/ C K The Heat
ZachC1965::You know who is really a dick? Kobe Bryant...
super_lintendo_101::BLACK PREGNANCY TEST: Insert a piece of fried chicken into the $@%!$@ &amp; remove after 30 seconds. If eaten, there's a little $@%!$ in there.
jmcneal333::COMPLETE FAIL YOU RACIST PIG!!!
SiPerformance::suns need to trade frye or sit his $@% down and let morris play!!! that guy is just waiting to be a 15-20ppg 7-10rbs 4-5 assists a game!
skcowin::how the times have changed...the suns couldn't keep up with the warriors?
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::BILL SUCKS
My name is Jeff.::are there any other boards?
My name is Jeff.::to this thread^!!!!!
Bill Belicheck::http://espn.go.com/new-york/conversations/_/id/7572690/floyd-mayweather-says-new-york-knicks-jeremy-lin-spotlight-race-not-play
Bill Belicheck::probably just news stories
Bill Belicheck::Why would somebody take their wife to hooters on valentines day?
www.meatspin.com::8====D~~(O-: )
venom9247::so graphic yet i can't turn away haha
My name is Jeff.::o o o i see what you're doing
My name is Jeff.::i saw that you fudged it up
Bill Belicheck::wow
anonymous_sports_watcher::so i've heard good things about these illuminati guys...
www.meatspin.com::people here communicate with each other with high pitched barks and whinnying
Bill Belicheck::Shumpert goes around to every board telling everybody he's the greatest player of all time
Bill Belicheck::and that guy on here is one of the reasons why i hate all knicks fans
My name is Jeff.::i would go with melo.  i just have never liked melo.  he wears too many arm and legs sleeves
venom9247::lol ..yeah...and stands with the ball..and basically drains any offensive rhythm on every play
venom9247::honestly shumpert is one of the reasons why the knicks have lost so many games
venom9247::what is the exact definition of a troll?
My name is Jeff.::HAH!
anonymous_sports_watcher::a light chicken gravy
Bill Belicheck::venom9247
venom9247::yeah you and him were goin at it
Bill Belicheck::that Shumpert guy...he's a complete dumba$$
venom9247::haha yeah alright
Bill Belicheck::I am a heat fan.....not really
Bill Belicheck::I am not a troll
My name is Jeff.::but i like to do it
Bill Belicheck::everybody trolls
anonymous_sports_watcher::Randy  Moss MVP
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::Most Valuable Player?
venom9247::v.aginals
venom9247::Most $@%!$@% Penetrations
anonymous_sports_watcher::you heard it here first
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::Bill is a troll
My name is Jeff.::How many of us are left in here?
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::27.345
My name is Jeff.::sounds about right
Bill Belicheck::Make it 5
Bill Belicheck::4?
Bill Belicheck::RIP this board
venom9247::a moderator?...everytime the lakers or the heat play...its like everyones on the board ranting about the same garbage
Bill Belicheck::Nice try
My name is Jeff.::i think they gave up
Bill Belicheck::this'll probably get removed
Bill Belicheck::If a comment is removed was it ever said?
venom9247::bill belicheck needs to be taken out back and beaten till hes s.hits himself
benji3922::i would love to watch this take place
Bill Belicheck::yes he does....i hate the patriots.
My name is Jeff.::this is getting removed
www.meatspin.com::who are you talking to if his comment is getting removed?
Bill Belicheck::They took down the comment where that guy said I was a closet gorilla lover haha
www.meatspin.com::the moderator is here  are you scared?
My name is Jeff.::hahaha ya
Bill Belicheck::I like how there's only like 3 people in here but we have a mod watching us
anonymous_sports_watcher::hi
nflblitzkstewart::forgot they take down comments with a naughty word in it...please dont tell my mom espn
nflblitzkstewart::yea because you have no life.
Bill Belicheck::i told her
Bill Belicheck::I don't have to get up at 5 like some idiots in here
www.meatspin.com::don't skip elementary school young gentleman
nflblitzkstewart::make more money then your @$$ would when you get out of college paying off debt
Bill Belicheck::early classes suck dick
nflblitzkstewart::i am sure now be more productive and take more classes lazy $@%
Bill Belicheck::Haha alright sure dude
Bill Belicheck::Alright seriously the reason I'm up this late is because I go got college and my first class is at 10
My name is Jeff.::your mom goes to college
My name is Jeff.::i know right?! good set up
Bill Belicheck::I was waiting for that one
nflblitzkstewart::seriously take more classes you $@%!
jzalvarado::U go to College!?!?!  Get the F.uck outta here.. Seriously?
My name is Jeff.::SHIVAKAMINI SOMAKANDARKRAM!!!
My name is Jeff.::$@% ya
anonymous_sports_watcher::hi jeff
jzalvarado::best show on TV going
PHXNation::Suns should go after Eric Gordon this summer? i think so
Forkitout24::night fellow Suns and Gorilla lovers
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::gn
Forkitout24::you're a closet gorilla lover
Bill Belicheck::lovers?
Bill Belicheck::Some people work at home and make their own hours
www.meatspin.com::I like krabby patties they are so neat , full of meat , sweet to eat
Bill Belicheck::and my clipper one
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::lies
www.meatspin.com::teddy bear
Bill Belicheck::that heat fan acc is already banned fyi
nflblitzkstewart::when mare and melo come back lin will lead the league in assists that is for sure
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::they might go up but melo might ruin the flow
jzalvarado::the SUns/Warriors have an eerily similar history of bad front office decisions.  Take for example, the loss of Amare Stoudemire.  Count me as one who thinks that it was a good idea NOT to resign him at the terms the Knicks signed him for.  BUT then you sign Warrick, Frye for almost equal amounts and make the problem worse.  Same thing with the Warriors.   Baron Davis's terms with the Clippers was more than the Warriors should have signed him for, but then the Warriors go and compound the loss by signing Corey Magette and THEN David Lee to a ridiculous contract.
DallasK14::Lee is proving his worth though.
PHXNation::&amp;&amp; to think Suns almost signed him for a similar deal...
Bill Belicheck::I'll be on the boston boards wednesday if you want to troll me
Forkitout24::count on it.
venom9247::nah people got lives...unlike your pathetic self
nflblitzkstewart::so your a telemarketer STOP CALLING MY HOUSE DURING DINNER TIME!
venom9247::dude im a warriors fan ...and was happy they won..  you came on here to help yourself conversate because your only companion is yourself
Bill Belicheck::I work at home...just sayin
nflblitzkstewart::ur a celtic fan stayin up at 140 in the morning commenting an a suns warrior board....GET A JOB
Bill Belicheck::the game has been over for a while so it doesn't really matter
nflblitzkstewart::10:36 over here how bout you one 1:36? nice life  stop living off welfare checks
JeffKent4MVP::not everyone lives on the east coast..
Bill Belicheck::you're on a comment board at 1:30 in the morning
venom9247::"i am a heat fan" has been sodomized, and has taken $@% loads to the face on this board  its time for him to crawl into the fetal position in bed and cry himself to sleep
Forkitout24::agreed. Let us all flag him.
JeffKent4MVP::wheres shumpert?
Bill Belicheck::dead
Bill Belicheck::indeed
trevorcabo::It is amazing that anyone thinks that a team would trade quality talent for Nash. He is 35 years old and plays little to no defense. Giving up a young quality talent for him is beyond a joke. A second tier team based in a city that could use a white name player might happen, but not one contender would trade a valuable player for him
jzalvarado::because Steve Nash is a unique commodity.  We are talking about a pure passing point guard who is still playing at an elite level.  that in and of itself is enough to get a contending over the hump.
supe540::He's 38 Trevor.
Forkitout24::I am a heat Fan,   Please go to bed.
Bill Belicheck::nah
Forkitout24::He comes back in disguise lMAO
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::Anybody else think there is too much hype for Lin. People are gonna get sick of him(I already am)
anonymous_sports_watcher::yeah too much pressure...numbers have to go down when melo and mare come back bc he wont get to take as many shots
Forkitout24::overrated.. it took 3 yrs for Nash to get noticed.
nflblitzkstewart::its a shame hes gettin the tebow media hes showin off promise and lots of it but media wants him to be jordan and it sucks
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::I don't hate him, but the tebow like hype is not needed
21 ShumpStreet::NOT ENOUGH
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::too much
