Curtis James Bliss::Huge game for the Cavs. If they could manage, a 3-2 West coast trip, that would exceed expectations. This is a much better team since the addition of Deng who I think should be in consideration for an All-Star nod. (He'll likely not make it, but his play is All-Star level)
Jeffrey Nicholas::Anthony, James, and George are all better at the exact same position. Makes it difficult for him. I'm still trying to comprehend that the Cavs were able to flip putting up with a few months of Bynum into getting Deng for at least the remainder of the season.
Curtis James Bliss::Jeffrey Nicholas Very true. Deng is the 4th best SF in the East though, and to swing him, for an Andrew Bynum contract and some 2nd round picks was nice. Cavs also have the Bird rights to him now also, which will be key if we want to resign him.
Nick Collette::Bron is a PF now
George Chip Thayer::Outstanding West coast trip for the good guys.    Glad to have you aboard Luol!    Go Cavaliers!
Anthony Edwards::will the knicks game hurry up and go off. so i can see k.d
Anthony Edwards::lou deng sucks. go denver
Jake Gilliland::"Everyone has to be guarded," Irving said. "It's a luxury right now."  And w 5 guys in double digits night in and night out and a superstar 3rd year PG like Irving that can turn it on in the Clutch this Team is leaping out of the Cellar Dwellers and turning into a Contender...
A.j. Skiba::They're not a championship contended, but definitely a playoff contender. If they play like they did last night for a majority of their games the rest of the season, they can sneak all the way up to a 4 or 5 seed with how poor the East has been.
Cal Trause::I can't believe the Nuggets are over .500 and 2 games out of the 8 seed, while the Cavaliers are 15-25 and only 1.5 back.  Too bad they don't take the top six from each conference, then the next four best records, regardless of conference.  Travel would suck though for 1vs8 and 2vs7.
Lisa Beatty::I hate the small line up Denver runs..... Faried gets killed night in/night out as energy and hustle can only go so far in the post....   Wouldnt mind the Nuggets trying to acquire a "BIG" PF/C that can score in the post before the deadline.  IE:  Monroe, Hawes/Tuner (package deal), Love (longshot)
Curtis James Bliss::I hear Andrew Bynum is still looking for someone to pay him money to be big.
Curtis James Bliss::Cavs lit it up in that 2nd quarter. Gotta come out strong in the 3rd. See if we can get Deng some good touches in the post. Everyone else has played well tonight. But they need to pick up the effort defensively, because an 11 point deficit isnt much to a good team like Denver.
Daniel Miller::If Lawson, Hickson and Chandler play like that every night with contributions from nate and foye or who ever else the nuggs are  championship caliber team.
Yak Djukanovic::Everytime the Nuggets lose it's cause of this bum Foye. IDK what made them sign him. Every team he has been on he makes them suck!
Curtis James Bliss::Foye was the only reason Denver stayed in the game early.... And then he proceeded to play awful the next 3 quarters
Yak Djukanovic::Man I doubt he is he the reason they stood in the game. That man is horrible. He is the reason the nuggets won't make the playoffs this year.
Christopher Couser Dc::Nuggets gunned too many jumpers...that along with some poor defense = loss
Yak Djukanovic::Wow is this a season high for the cavs in shooting %!? C'mon Denver!
Marcleen Bavogui::the nuggets are just plain garbage even playing at home
Blaine Bam Bam Drake::that's how u move the ball cavs..extra passes
Alejandro Ortiz::very interesting game tonight
Brett Reid::100 % brain explosion by nate..
Coo Chee Rodriguez::First!
Genya Kilimnik::Ohh Wow! really cool man!
Anthony Edwards::wow
