pdiddy0622::Ny beat da jazz, wassup wit da hype, people?
Phatepiclewts::The 3 people in the world who bet for the Knicks are rich men today.
Blue Magic11::When will Melo be back, they said he would be back in the LA Clippers game but he wasn't there.
Nayrock10::Knicks all day
jonblaze0016::the jazz need to fire corbin. plain &amp; simple. this team has too many talented players on their roster to be so awful &amp; unwatchable.
CarlyJoni::Why are the Jazz handing the last playoff spot to the Lakers on a platter?  It's nearing the end of the season and they just don't care anymore?  They have 8 guaranteed losses coming up, all away games.  Guess they feel there's no hope anyways.
Kevin396ss::This loss should automatically eliminate Utah from making the playoffs.
Phatepiclewts::Unless the Lakers keep losing to teams like the Suns.
Yungdubz27::Thank You NY Knicks   - Lakers fan
thyshakes::Not a Jazz fan nor NY fan, but man, Jazz really got to get a new coach and replace their back-court (except Hayward)
thyshakes::Good defense and ball movement. NY. You don't need any $20Mil sticky ball, you are much better without it.
frostjack186::I'm impressed by Felton he didn't go to the all you can eat buffet this time.
Donnie Walsh::That's gotten kinda played out son !!!
WinBig154::Ive been betting with a system named SportsBettingStar for only 2 months and have profited about 3k per month just following its tips.  You can find this system on the first page of Google by looking up Sports Betting Systems.  If you bet on sports at all, you gotta see this.
WinBig154::Started using this bet system a few months back called Sportsbettingstar. In my first month of using this system I made almost  $3,000 profit.  If you like to bet sports I recommend this system to anyone that is tired of not winning your sports bets. You can find this system on the 1st page of Google if you search the term Sports Betting Systems.
TreC1983::Utah plays with no sense of urgency
IllIIllIlIlIlIlI::why is this convo still up? WE won you LOST......next conversation please! lol....
Mets-Jets-Knicks-Isles19::they leave it up until 11 am
16Lakers18::Thanks Knicks  Lakers fan
OmniVersal::The Knicks figure they should help a team that actually wants to go to the playoffs
Donnie Walsh::Another solid game by Ray Ray Felton even tho he's obviously still hurt ! Gamer !!
Rocketman316::After tonight's performance, the Jazz should rename their team to the Utah Failed Abortions  A local YMCA team could have beat the Jazz
jkub5::Good one...
knicks_11::LOL
DontPassItToGordon::great Knicks article on StraightHoops c.om
thebusisinnewyork::I'll go to that site when you stop using Comic Sans
jkub5::Kurt Thomas = Finals MVP
Donnie Walsh::LMAO !!
starwheat::We needed 27 minutes from Kurt Thomas to win. Yikes!
garnolfini::The other way to look at it is that we played Thomas 27 minutes and still won.
Donnie Walsh::Good Point! Whats Up w/Woody &amp; Glen? Asleep at the Wheel ?
garnolfini::Ray Felton post-game pic  https://twitter.com/CuteOverloads/status/312609452467564544/photo/1
garnolfini::To each her own.
knicks_11::and thats a pitbull
knicks_11::racist
knicks_11::i doubt it
garnolfini::It's a pug. The emphasis is clearly on the doughnut.
knicks_11::no the black dog
garnolfini::doughnuts are racist?
RangerProof_99Roca::The Government is trying to stomp on our Constitution. Sheriffs across the country are refusing to disarm there citizens. The 2nd Amendment was for US to protect ourselves against a tyrannic Government, sort of like the Government we have today
jtru001::very well said and I completely agree with what you are saying but this is a sports board my friend.
Mets-Jets-Knicks-Isles19::Gritty effort for my Knicks
PatriotsHeat::It was Utah guys, not Miami
jtru001::exactly my thought.
36Loca::The Knicks won?  LOL
DavidA11429::<b> Now if we can get a few in a row I'd start feeling better about the State of My Knicks </b>
RangerProof_99Roca::A much needed win for the Knicks. As a Knick fan, what i do to feel better is comeup with things to realize it could be alot worse. If the Magic for instance won every game left in there schedule, they'd only have 38 wins and still wouldnt make the playoffs. The Knicks have 39 wins NOW and alot of games left. That makes me feel better
lakirz rock::shouldn't the article title say "tiny-handed knicks" instead of "short-handed knicks"?  how can you have short hands?
m_gunners::LA and Rockets will fight for 7th and 8th courtesy of the Jazz.........
the_ascent::What's funny is that Utah could probably have home court in the first round if they played in the East with the fourth seed.
dash2k4::Holy cow, NYK won a game!
ut_jazz06::ugh. rock bottom of the season. we haven't seen the urgency of a team that is in a playoff race. this team is done. let all the vets walk i don't care. we need to keep rebuilding with young talent and a new coach. corbin is clueless.
ttooom22::newwwwwwwwwww yorkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk knicksssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
higgibop23::why in the hell does carroll not play???? he could be a possible starter and he is getting no min? corbin is a dumb a
jack frrom the titanic::This board is closed for business  ESPN MODS
Merle Dixon.::my brother might be on the heat board, lets go, rick.
jack frrom the titanic::merle  U need a goat badly
Rick Grimes.::k, but idk if he's gonna be on tonight,  his team just won 23 in a row....
jack frrom the titanic::LALA taste like a 5 day old taco
Fatty Felton::with a hint of honey nut cheerios
Merle Dixon.::can i hold the baby, please!?.
jack frrom the titanic::I prefer the governor over rick as the leader
Chin6biz::Off to bed
jack frrom the titanic::u need two hands for that
Fatty Felton::any news on Melos vag,ina?
Rick Grimes.::no!.
Rick Grimes.::cuz, you have a knife for a hand,  and thats not a good thing to have by a baby's head.
jack frrom the titanic::hey rick  Hows little shannetta doing?
jack frrom the titanic::I can't wait for Melo to return, Knicks passed too much this game and played defense and won.....boring
Fatty Felton::Melo didn't play again? is his va,gina still hurting?
Chin6biz::He is going through melo-pause
the.city.::MELOPAUSE HAAHAH
jack frrom the titanic::melo had a relapse
ytic_kroy_wen::Kurt Thomas played his a&amp;&amp; off tonight
Archbob1::He'll hit his prime in a few years I hear
jack frrom the titanic::just like the other 5 geezers will
jack frrom the titanic::Knicks future looks really good
Chin6biz::New coach, more cap space, and Lottery here we come!  -Jazz
LAKER-HATER-GO-JAZZ::In the rear view mirror is Corbin, Millsap and jefferson
TAC0REV::We can only hope and pray to the gods of basketball and jazz music alike.
49ers9::the jazz are not 38-27 wtf
Rick Grimes.::i thought i saw andrea out in the woods yesterday, must have been laurie's ghost again....
jack frrom the titanic::that ain't ur baby
Merle Dixon.::you should not be on guard duty then.
beebopbaloop::T-Dog.  His name was T-Dog.  But he sometimes spelled it T-Dawg.
Merle Dixon.::well, im terribly sorry to hear that, and i also lost my damn hand cuz of you, and that black friend of yours.
Rick Grimes.::do you realize i just lost my wife!?,  and im not a cop anymore, i abandoned my cop uniform back at hershall's farmhouse.
Merle Dixon.::wo wo wo there officer friendly, easy with the name calling.
jack frrom the titanic::Merle  Are you right handed or left handed
Rick Grimes.::why dont you go out there and do a better job, ya moron.
LAKER-HATER-GO-JAZZ::Real fans!!! $@%!$@ players!!! No fun!!! Our Utah Jazz  WOHOOOOO!!!!!!! F!
ttooom22::GO NEW YORK GO NEW YORK GOOOO
Rick Grimes.::melo and chandler need to be back, asap.
jack frrom the titanic::Hey Rick  You should try and get Felton on the show so you can feed him to the zombies, it would be like a buffet for them
beebopbaloop::They'd be dinin' for a week.
jack frrom the titanic::Hey Rick  Who moves faster, the zombies or the Knicks old gzeers?
Merle Dixon.::are you gonna turn michonne in?.
beebopbaloop::Nooooooo!  She's so ooooold.
jack frrom the titanic::darrel  Carol wants you dude
Rick Grimes.::im gonna have to break the news to michonne,  she might wanna take him on 1 on 1 anyways, idk.
Merle Dixon.::even if you turn michonne in, he's gonna kill us anyways, he's that type of b-stard....
jack frrom the titanic::the governor wants everyone death like  Merle siad
Rick Grimes.::i turn michonne in, how will i know the governer will keep his word!?.
Merle Dixon.::if ya do turn her in, he'll torture her, and take her eyes out....
Rick Grimes.::I dont know.
jack frrom the titanic::Mayor Bloomberg declared the Knicks a historic site
batennisstud::@woyplate
Fatty Felton::Felton was atcually efficient one night? damn
dcmorris008::Jazz are good at making other teams PGs efficient.
vegasparlay702::Jazz aren't even in the playoffs right now why is every one surprised?
yearlydynasty8::Because they're above .500 and were 24-8 at home coming into this game. They have one of the best front courts in the game too and Mo Williams is back
dcmorris008::One of the best frontcourts that just got owned by a mix of sf and pfs led by STEVE NOVAK.
