T8ke_A_Picture::http://www.omdoubleg.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/jeremy-lin-michael-jordan2a.jpg  Jeremy Lin or is it?
natskivna::I was at the game and sitting right on the Thunder's tunnel.    When Durant came by it was so sweet yelling "Not tonight Kevin'!"  Go Rockets!
T8ke_A_Picture::and you went to your $500 dollar apartment and Durant went to his million dollar house that night.  THE END!
H-TownTEX5040::SAme goes for you so what are you saying???
dcoody::Enough hating. The Thunder are a rock solid team that should go far in the playoffs. I have always liked Durant as a UT fan (although still bitter about only the one year). The Rockets are a team that do not necessarily have the stars (except maybe Martin when he has a good game) but I think their strength is their bench. I would not count them out yet when the system is clicking they can be hard to beat.
natskivna::It was sickening watching all those Longhorn slobbering idiots cheer for Durant while their home team was gutting out a tough win.  Another reason to hate UT.
H-TownTEX5040::Hell yeah
H-TownTEX5040::Name these GOD damn Thunder the CHAMPS already geeese...They are the best in the world that just got beat by a "pathetic" team...
Da-THUN-Da::Yeah that would hurt and be a disappointment if that does happen. I understand that anything can happen in the playoffs thats why the game is played. But ill still take the thunders side, Ill take the odds
Da-THUN-Da::ha ha i bet that is frustrating but you know how these forums are everyone just $@%! talks just to $@%! people off. There are very few fans that are subjective and actually make sense lol. And as i have already said more than once today the rockets are not pathetic they may have been early in the season but they are for sure figuring some things out. And youre right it is early so who knows
H-TownTEX5040::And you should take their side your a true fan but Im a Rockets fan and they got a good win last night and as soon as i get on this board this morning Im reading that we got hella lucky and that were pathetic and  we suck and all sorts of $@%!$@%!...
Da-THUN-Da::That would be cool if they would do that. That would save me a lot of stress in the playoffs. LOL Chill man youre getting crazy. Youre letting everyone get to you.
H-TownTEX5040::Na not at all just too arrogant WAY too early but think what yall want...Its gonna hurt worse when yall get ousted in the 1st or 2nd round
hawaiianhonky::Bottom line is this..no matter who is coming off the Thunder's bench they have Durant and Wesbrook who are good for 60 on most nights....they don't need 10 6th men coming off that bench
Da-THUN-Da::Harden IS A BENCH PLAYER... just because he is good and gets a lot of minutes doesnt mean is doesnt come off the bench and he gets most of his points when he is in there with the second group. Your saying our bench isnt good but you throwing out our best bench player because he is good and plays a lot  ha ha
Da-THUN-Da::Like harden? and collison? and cook?
H-TownTEX5040::If your saying Collison and Cook are breakout players then you are about as dumb as it gets
H-TownTEX5040::Very very true...But on the nights when those two struggle which they are human and they do struggle especially Westbrook why not have guys off the bench help them out
hawaiianhonky::They do, honestly a lot of the blame i put on Scott Brooks.  HIs offensive play calling is questionable and that's being nice
hawaiianhonky::or 7, whatever
DL_0521::I'm tired of the Lin thing i'd rather have Lowry but that's just me.
ChrisBC07::I don't see what all the hype is around him. It will slow down.. I hope.
Da-THUN-Da::yeah i know. Its ESPNs fault for blowing it up   they make you absoulutely love him or hate him
Da-THUN-Da::Yeah thats just you....     and H-towntex   lol
DL_0521::I'm just saying people get too excited over a very small body of work wait until he plays against elite point guards to grade him or at least a solid one
H-TownTEX5040::Amen
T8ke_A_Picture::Things the Thunder need to work on.  1.) Switch from the 1v5 offense type game, that is leaving Westbrook no options but to take shots. 2.) Keep Perkins from the High post and let Ibaka set screens up there, he travels too much. 3.) Cook needs to expand his game, he can knock shots down and don't have to take 3s only. 4.) Thunder need to cut down on turnovers and this should really be number 1. 5.) Collison actually has 10-15 offensive game and Brooks need to get him more involved. 6.) Jackson needs to catch on to the game, because he's getting good minutes to keep making rookie mistakes. 7.) Ibaka needs to do catching tennis ball drills, so he quit missing passes off the hand. 8.) Perkins never, I mean never try again in your life take someone off the dribble. 9.) Thunder if you don't drawl a foul and fall on the floor, get back up and go play some defense. 10.) Brooks surprise the other team by allowing another player win the game for them, I'm pretty sure Cook and Harden are just as clutch.
H-TownTEX5040::Why are yall getting so offended and how am I talking out of my $@%??? Im stating my opinions which I believe this why this whole forum and post thing is here...
hawaiianhonky::I know Maynor is not playing but I was assuming you were talking about when he was healthy...Regardless Harden comes off the bench and is a bench player, the best in the league at that.
H-TownTEX5040::Maynor is not even playing and Harden wasn't in that line of fire if you read my comment that I dont see Harden as a bench player b/c he plays a lot of good minutes
hawaiianhonky::i doubt he's offended, but you saying Harden and Maynor are not good is nonsensical
H-TownTEX5040::Your friend T8ke_a_pic
hawaiianhonky::Who's offended?
T8ke_A_Picture::Maynor is subpar, these fans be talking out their $@%!.
H-TownTEX5040::Maynor has been hurt for quite some time bro
hawaiianhonky::Maynor is subpar, but he had to blow his ACL out to become that
Da-THUN-Da::Harden is subpar?
Da-THUN-Da::Because he guards the opponents best player when he is healthy, our best defender. And this year hes shot the ball just as good if not better that cook. So that spreads the floor. As for harden he is not a starter he plays better of the bench with the second group. He does better in the scoring "ball hog" roll and cant be that guy in the starting lineup.
hawaiianhonky::and harden isn't a starter minus 2 games this year
hawaiianhonky::Because of the defense he plays
H-TownTEX5040::Harden is a starter in my eyes him and Thabo share basically the same time and Harden has better overall qualities to me...I dont  know why the Thunder fans are so high up on Sefelosha but who cares
hawaiianhonky::he doesn't really believe that, he's just being a sour puss
Da-THUN-Da::Yes when Thabo gets back thats more time for harden and cook to play with the second group. Believe it or not when Thabo gets back we are A LOT better team all around.
hawaiianhonky::Harden?
H-TownTEX5040::Maybe so but I still think they are missing a few key positions...Their backups are just sub par besides Collison and sometimes Cook
H-TownTEX5040::All Cook can do is shoot 3's he's not versatile at all...Perk and Ibaka are not good in the paint and need to work on their post game...
hawaiianhonky::All they lack right now is a decent backup PG that is all...thabo will be back and that will help alot
T8ke_A_Picture::Well we was the team to beat with Maynor and Thabo there.
H-TownTEX5040::Ibaka has a shot but doesn't use it enough and you can say i dont know my basketball but I watch all games and see mostly everything but just state my opinions...If/When the Thunder gets a solid bench then they will have a chance to the SHIP but until then they will fall short every year...
hawaiianhonky::that's all Cook needs to do really and Ibaka isn't terrible in the paint...Perkins though.........yea i got nothing
Da-THUN-Da::Is drawl a word?
T8ke_A_Picture::Yes
sportsplex23::agree...hurry up defense would really help.
KevinDurantFan56::I'm so tired of the word swag lol
92dallas13::Kmart from Zville. Reppin that home town swag
ChrisBC07::What's a ZJ?
hawaiianhonky::If you have to ask you can't afford it.
hawaiianhonky::ZJville?
KevinDurantFan56::Scott brooks needs to do something about the turnovers, because that's really the only thing not working for the team.
T8ke_A_Picture::Brooks been doing some terrible coaching this year, the wins are base on the players efforts so far, Thunder record should be way better if he apply so coaching.
AndySportsB::i'll give the true Rocket fans credit, they got optimism and hope, the fake ones that are suddenly Rocket fans after a 1 pt win are the hilarious ones
H-TownTEX5040::Im here bro was in a meeting...Been a Rockets fan since day one so Im not in that category and i wasn't trying to brag about this win until all Thunder trolls including yourself gave the Rockets ZERO credit saying we got lucky which is so far from the truth...
H-TownTEX5040::You would be losing a lot of money then
hawaiianhonky::You can place a bet, just bet that you'll be here on the finals board admitting you were wrong and praising the Thunder, cancel that no bandwagon fans, just be here saying you were wrong
H-TownTEX5040::If I could actually place a bet with you I would bet A LOT of money that dont even get to the big game this year...
hawaiianhonky::They were in the WCF's last year as the youngest team in the NBA...not sure if that's ever happened before and they have almost the same exact team this year just a year better. That's how, obviously they have to win the title but that'll come this year with more to come after that
H-TownTEX5040::No way Harden is good but a ball hog...And how are they in the "making" they haven't won the big game yet lol??
hawaiianhonky::They have been relevant for three years now.  And they are a dynasty in the making they have the two of the top 10 players in the league and Harden might end up in that 10 shortly
H-TownTEX5040::Both LA teams are right up there...And the Thunder finally have a good team that can go a long ways but if I didn't know anything about BBall I would've guessed the Thunder was a dynasty the way yall are talking in actuality they have been irrelevant for a long time
hawaiianhonky::I didn't give them 0 credit nor did I say they got lucky....the rockets are still 1-2 against the thunder this year but at least you can say you beat the best team in the west once this year
hawaiianhonky::H-town where are you?
hawaiianhonky::The rockets are 6-10 on the road and there's no way they get homecourt in the first round....can you say one and done
David199290::They won 6 games on the road including 3 in a row on the road recently
David199290::Nothing is going to be easy, but if the Houston Rockets play hard enough, they can win on the road even against the Thunder.
T8ke_A_Picture::They haven't so I'm going by stats. Rockets haven't won on the road against the Thunder. Don't worry other teams couldn't either besides the Blazers.
T8ke_A_Picture::Rocket fans can only hope, I hope they make the playoffs. Easy games for the Thunder. Everyone knows Thunder play better playoff time.
T8ke_A_Picture::Easiest path for the Thunder to make it to the Finals.  1st round Thunder vs Rockets  2nd round Thunder vs Jazz  3rd round Thunder vs Mavericks 4th round Thunder vs Clippers  I hope we don't have to face the Blazers and Spurs, but will eventually beat them too, but I like to watch the playoffs without my heart out my chest.
t-roy_jenkins::4th round? that would be the finals, which would be an east team not the clippers
KevinDurantFan56::If OKC are to win Westbrook and Harden really have to pull through..
T8ke_A_Picture::Westbrook and Harden can play like they usally play. It's the turnovers and the perimenter defense that I'm worry about. Thabo will be back to cut that off.
sportsplex23::Thunder vs. Clippers will be good!
sportsplex23::ROCKETS SUCK!!!
David199290::They do not suck
KevinDurantFan56::Durant pulled a Lebrick Last night...
Da-THUN-Da::Yeah i just wanted durant or westbrook to drive. Durant finally did I think that gave us a way better chance to win. It was like they wanted to run the clock down that was good but give yourself time to drive and make somthing happen even get fouled who knows. Instead of just jackin up a 3. (unless youre Jeremy Lin)
Da-THUN-Da::Or the 3 threes the thunder took when were only down one.
hawaiianhonky::Yea, or that....Scott Brooks really needs to draw up some sort of set plays these isolation jumpers are killing them late
hawaiianhonky::Yea that 3 he shot towards the end was stupid
T8ke_A_Picture::Thunder have 2 wins over the Rockets and all of sudden the Rockets are better?  The board was under 500 comments when the Thunder lost, then boosted over 1000 when the fair weather fans came to brag. Don't worry, those Rocket fans will disappear again.
AndySportsB::But there 11-3 at home
sportsplex23::yeah and they beat the spurs...haha
AndySportsB::If I didn't know better by these ROcket fans I'd think Houston was 22-7
David199290::Houston Rockets will beat the Thunder at their home field
T8ke_A_Picture::Thunder are 10-1 at home, meaning the Rockets don't stand a $@% chance, even barely escape defeat at their crib.  I wish we played the Rockets first if they somehow 1 out of a million make to the playoffs. This basically will be a bye week and all the other fan base knows that.
hawaiianhonky::But they're 11-3 at home,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
sportsplex23::Sorry...this season belongs to the East, nough said.
Da-THUN-Da::No one said there isnt competition. The only stupid thing said was you saying they suck when they have the 2nd best record in the NBA and best in the west. Your just a hater
H-TownTEX5040::So why do we suck then???
hawaiianhonky::Ok? the thunder are 10-1 at home
sportsplex23::thats great! they will probably beat the bulls and the heat and the 76ers and win the title!
H-TownTEX5040::Well we just beat "supposedly" the best team in the NBA and are now 11-3 at home...
Da-THUN-Da::I cant speak for everyone else but i watched the game and if anyting the Thunder were lucky to be in the game we turned the ball over way too much to be in the game. Yeah the Rockets played good. They are not a bad team when K Martin get his minutes and shots. Good Win but the Thunder DO still have the series 2-1.
sportsplex23::Rockets suck bro...end of story.
H-TownTEX5040::Actually I wasn't b4 this morning hearing from all of you saying basically we got lucky last night when they played a hard fought game and the Thunder had plenty of chances and couldn't execute b/c the Rockets played exceptional defense...but of course no credit
H-TownTEX5040::True but the Thunder still suck
hawaiianhonky::Who is better than collison at what he does then?
H-TownTEX5040::Congrats you named some players and said what they are good at...If you really believe Collison is the best role player your high on drugs and also Cook has a good perimeter shot at one spot...
hawaiianhonky::2 very good players????  I assume you are referring to Durant and Westbrook and last time I looked they have the 6th man of the year (Harden), the leading shot blocker in the league, Cook who's in the top tier shooting the three and Collison who is the best role player in the league
AndySportsB::If you think Harden is a ball hog your just trolling
H-TownTEX5040::They have 2 very good players with a sorry bench...Perk is soft now and Harden is a ball hog and a TO machine...
hawaiianhonky::Test you?  you just said the thunder were overrated, no test necessary
T8ke_A_Picture::The West has no competition?
H-TownTEX5040::Actually my IQ is pretty good....Test me
hawaiianhonky::Hahaha, you have shown your basketball IQ and it's minimal at best
H-TownTEX5040::Well yeah supposedly from hearing from some of these Thunder fans the West has no competition so 22-7 dont mean $@%!...So yeah OVERRATED
hawaiianhonky::Yea 22-7 is pretty terrible isn't it
csmeadows1987::OKC will not win a championship as currently constructed.
Da-THUN-Da::Oh really who are you general manager for?
csmeadows1987::OKC...just got to the office and don't want to get started working yet.
H-TownTEX5040::Well put!!! They are garbage they think they are the best in the NBA when they are far from it...
David199290::The Houston Rockets played with heart and won the game in a good way.
H-TownTEX5040::Yes they did....And if these pissed off Thunder fans dont want to give them credit then screw them...
H-TownTEX5040::How bout them ROCKETS!!!
David199290::They can if they formulate a game plan and do not give up. Stranger things had occured in sports.
David199290::The Houston Rockets will make the playoffs and do well there.
sportsplex23::do well? wow who are you tryin to fool? They cannot match any high caliper team!!!
David199290::Houston Rockets had always been playing good basketball since I know them. Even last year when they missed the playoffs, they were only 3 games out. That says a lot about their determination.
sportsplex23::Every team plays "good basketball" get in the playoffs!!! thats what its all about.
David199290::Seriously. You have no idea what you are talking about. The Houston Rockets are still in the position to make the playoffs
sportsplex23::EAST&gt;WEST!!!
H-TownTEX5040::FAIL
sportsplex23::I said MAYBE!!!
H-TownTEX5040::So how are they a threat dummy...
sportsplex23::I know the spurs suck!
H-TownTEX5040::Exactly
DuaneXC::Poor baby, you lost a game to a team that is (11-3) at home.
H-TownTEX5040::We beat the Spurs already several times...Sportsplex you are a true dumba$$
sportsplex23::Even if they make playoffs...only threats in the west this year= 1.Thunder 2.Clips 3.maybe Spurs thats it, sorry.
H-TownTEX5040::Thank you David someone with common sense...
sportsplex23::"still in the position to make the playoffs" hahahahahahahaha! They are going nowhere!
T8ke_A_Picture::Still terrible.
H-TownTEX5040::Oh believe me I AM
RADSportsFan::Not get out of the first round? C'mon, man. At least be realistic.
H-TownTEX5040::Were #6 in the west and 3rd in our division...How are we terrible we may not be the best but damn sure aint terrible...The Thunder are very overrated they will not get out the first round of the playoffs...I hope we play them
sportsplex23::agree. They are going nowhere this season.
H-TownTEX5040::Still a pissed off fan...And still got the W...
sportsplex23::does anyone here want to talk bball...cause the fools over on the lin chat are just talkin crap.
Cool Sun 13::What do y'all think of this trade?  http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=7ggnayj
hawaiianhonky::Honestly it doesn't matter how much Durant and Westbrook turn it over, I mean it does but they negate those with their O....Harden cannot turn it over 5 times and the rest of the team needs to do a better job of not turning it over.
Da-THUN-Da::Im tired of all these people saying Westbrook shoots the ball too much that is not true. (same shooting % as durant last night)  I understand if you are not a fan of the thunder then say what you want thats the only thing you have to say everytime the thunder lose. (even though he puts up pretty much the same numbers in their 22 wins) If you are a real thunder fan and watch the game you appreciate westbrook he is a great scorer for our offense. Does he turn the ball over too much? YES but that is his game he does get reckless and out of control sometimes. But there is way more good that comes out of play like that than bad. I kinda compare it to Brett Favre, Packers fans had to put up with his 2 picks everygame but that was his game a risk taker.
ChrisBC07::I was at the game last night. Very exciting and entertaining. Only one score difference! I love Okloahoma City and was repping my Durant jersey cheering them on. But no matter who you are, you can't help but love what the Houston Rockets did. I am happy for them and look forward to see what the season unfolds for them. It was a hard fought, physical game. Only bad thing is I was the center of all the smack talk on the way out of the Toyota Center lol.
ChrisBC07::I agree. They aren't a bad team but they don't have that "elite" status. They don't really have any stars on their team, but as a unit they can be very solid. They beat Portland at home recently and just beak OKC. Give those Rockets some props.
DuaneXC::The last Thunder game in Houston was very tight down the stretch too.  Houston isn't as good as OKC but, they aren't bad and are a lot better than most expected them to be this season.
southridge305::its funny how so many fans dis like heat, but no matter who they play the board fill up with 4000 or more messages. most of them are talking trash, but many of these fans hate espn for always talking bout miami heat, yet give heat so much attention. on the other hnad you have the thunder who board as of now has a lil over 1100 messages. if so many like the thunder, then why not go fill up their board. alot of fans are just under cover heat fans that pretend they dont like them. with that being said, good game rockets. westbrook cant shoot 20 plus times a game.
T8ke_A_Picture::One thing I notice and I might send some hate mail to Scott Brooks is..........When one of the Thunder players try to drawl the foul and fall, they don't get back up and play defense. Durant, Westbrook, Harden, and Perkins are known to do this and I find myself yelling at the t.v. telling them to get back on defense.
Josh4274::Thunder could have built a house with all those bricks they threw up at the end of the game. Great game Rockets!
southridge305::welcome to heat world, we lose and then get crucified for lebron chocking and heat having no bench, yet they right there with the best record and beating some good teams badly
T8ke_A_Picture::Not a great game by the Rockets, but a bad game by the Thunder. Besides it was a away game, nothing to be excited for. Thunder win, it would of been just another game. Rockets win it's the end of the world and no way the Thunder going to win it all and it's Westbrook fault for taking too many shots.
H-TownTEX5040::Sounds like some pissed off fans...They came in and got beat they had plenty of chances to win that game in late part of it and couldn't do it..Rockets played great Defense and we got the W and its not the end of the world just because we beat a overrated Thunder team get real...
sportsplex23::True...this was all Thunder, you can't expect a high caliper team like this to give up to many more of these though.
Liberal Feminist::I'm a DIE HARD Thunder fan, but you got to give Houston their props.  You know their excited to beat one of the best teams in the NBA.  OKC needs to get Ibaka going on offense and stop the TO's and this team will be championship bound.
T8ke_A_Picture::I don't understand how Brooks play Ibaka, he was getting blocks and playing defense, but Collison was in the game longer than him. Collison is a good shooter and can put the ball on the floor. Coach Brooks don't take advantage of that, also I always hate when Perkins go to the high post, when he decides to move with the ball, he always travel. Cook is a good shooter, but he doesn't have to take the 3, he can get closer and then take a shot. Westbrook gets too much blame for turnovers when the team is basically a 1v5 game, Ibaka can't catch passes and only with Harden and Collison that have a 2 man chemistry.
Buckyballer5::1v5 game for Westbrook... Did Durant get traded in the last 12 hours???????
T8ke_A_Picture::Thunder is still the better team, if they can cut down those turnovers they would be blowing out teams. 4 turnovers is a little bit too much Durant. Also those 3 shots Durant miss at the end.....smh, it don't always have to be Durant and Westbrook to win games. Thunder need that Horry factor and quit drawing up plays for Durant and Westbrook to take the final shot.
Liberal Feminist::Good Point.  However, in watching the replay, how the hell did Westbrook miss that tip in.  If he tips that ball in it's game over OKC wins!
ChrisBC07::Haha, I would be asking why they put themselves in a final shot situation to begin with. Smh. On to the next game though!
T8ke_A_Picture::The real question is, Thunder were on their final shot and why was only Westbrook crashing the board?
Ray Ray713::GO ROCKETS!!!!!
hapatino::OKC and Chicago have the same issue, their point guards take an enormous amount of shots. While their stats look good, and it gives them a good regular season record - come playoff time against the nest teams, they will fall short.
Liberal Feminist::I disagree.  Both teams NEED their PG's to score.  The problem for OKC is simple.....TO's are KILLING this team.  Also, if you notice almost every time Ibaka scores in double digits this team wins.  He needs to be a bigger part of the offense.  Chicago just needs someone other than Rose to step up on offense on a CONSISTANT basis.
Da-THUN-Da::We are 22-7 almost eveytime we touch the floor we win.
Lebron iPhone. It vibrates.. no rings.::"Kevin Durant is a choker"  -Lebron
Liberal Feminist::I think Golden State, Dallas, Atlanta, Denver and New York would beg to differ.
CoreyBlair31::http://sportsblogette.blogspot.com/2012/02/almost-halfway-through-nba-season.html Jeremy Lin &gt; Kevin Durant
BigDSportsCowboysMavs::OKC needs a real pg
T8ke_A_Picture::Mavs need a new team.
TheColdTruth::We Beat The Best In The West...Without Lin???!!!  Can I Say Un-Lin-Sanity Baby!!!  Rockets Will Continue To Dominate Especially if they continue to go up 18 in the 1st Quarter...Just have to play good Basketball throughout the whole game and The Rockets will be unstoppable!!!  Period!!!  Theres Nothing More To Say!!!
T8ke_A_Picture::Rockets are terrible.
DuaneXC::They just beat the Thunder...
spurscowboys1312::DON'T MESS WITH TEXAS!!!
MPerce4::Fun game to watch. Thunder just couldn't quite recover from that abysmal first quarter.
Kit Ramsey::Now who's got the best record?  Answer ; Da BULLS.
TheHeatAreTheBeastOfTheEast::Heat is lights out The Best TEAM in 2012, followed OKC and then Bulls
Longhorntastic::thunder still the best TEAM in the assoc
thebattousai99::no they are not... Bulls may have the best record, which is mainly due to playing the weakest schedule in the league so far.. they have played 18 teams below .500 and won 17 of those.  The Heat are the BEST Team in the NBA.  Period.
TheHeatAreTheBeastOfTheEast::LeBron and Wade will dunk all over Perkins in Finals,,,,Heat in 6
makulu53::Westbrook had more turnovers than assists tonight, and has only a few more assists than turnovers on the season.  I'll be very surprised if he is selected for the Olympic team.  He needs to get his head straight if OKC is going to make a deep run in the playoffs.
BigDSportsCowboysMavs::Heat sucks bro and the Thunder are not making the finals with a ball hog pg who thinks he's better then KD
thebattousai99::oh.. and dallas is good? riiiiiight.
natskivna::I went to the game.  Sat RIGHT off the Thunder's tunnel.  It felt good to yell nice game at Durrant on the way off the floor.  My voice is so gone........
vonsteve1668::Yeah, it was only by one and at home and it took Durant missing in the end, but any win against this year's Thunder team is a good night. Good job, Rockets.
GoonSquadd::Your all Kevin team-  1. Kevin Johnson 2. Kevin Martin 3. Kevin Durant 4. Kevin Garnett 5. Kevin McHale   Kevin Love off the bench
T8ke_A_Picture::Kevin Garnett come off the bench and Love starts.
NBA_refs_are_weak::25 shots and 6 turnovers to 4 assists, aye westbrook?
spurscowboys1312::if his name was Lin he be savior in ny
deaglestyle::Chicago and Miami fans welcome Okc to the 7 loss club.
BoomerSooner2844::I just don't get the Thunder. We have three losses on the schedule that are like "are you serious.".....
screwhead2305::not the bobcats, wizards, hornets, suns, kings, jazz, blazers, nets, knicks, raptors
bobbydagreat::Eh, the Rockets are a dangerous team, they are capable of beating anyone on any given night. Unfortunately for them, they are also capable of losing to any team on any given night as well.
a_tizzy::whats the deal with cook
Dented_rim::Cook is playing against starters now instead of lame back-ups...that's what's up.
chimezie5000::If Dalembert plays with intensity all game, the rockets will be ok....they don't have a lot of talent but they hustle and play hard most times
screwhead2305::we have a lot of talent
Leroy Bo Jenkins::10 likes on this comment and I will French Kiss Michelle Obama.
chimezie5000::Bobbydagreat, u suck !
bobbydagreat::That's just factually inaccurate.
bobbydagreat::I would never wish that upon anyone.
Leroy Bo Jenkins::thank the gods
