Rollin Salazar::What other arena would rally their home team to a comeback after this deficit.  Oracle is always there for the dubs!
Eddie Sneeh::Best fans in the NBA!
Adam Youman::oh come on. lots of other teams would and have
Lora Patterson::<<<<<START WORKING ONLINE TODAY>>>>>>>  Start working from home! Great job for students, stay-at-home moms or anyone needing an extra income... You only need a computer and a reliable internet connection... Make $90 hourly and up to $12000 a month by following link at the bottom and signing up... You can have your first check by the end of this week...  Sign up here>WWW.WAMJOBS.COM<Sign up Here
Michael Hutnick::And best comeback goes to.....warriors!
Sean Kron::One of the greatest comebacks I've ever seen
John Martin::The Warriors are the most explosive team in the NBA.
Adam Youman::What a comeback led by steph curry. incredible
Brenda Murphy Donoghue::YEAH OK
Lights Godown::Brenda Murphy Donoghue someones butt hurts
Adam Youman::Brenda Murphy Donoghue im confused. are you disagreeing with me?
Perry Gould::bet you the raptor coach bet on the warriors nba is pathetic how is it physically possible to blow that lead and why are they fouling diwn 6 with 30 sec left they obviously weren't coming back so clearly its rigged
Eric Brown::Because these teams are supposed to tank.
Steve Broome::Down 6 with 30 seconds left is exactly when you would foul.
Ronald Hudson Sr.::They didnt tank. they got beat by a good shooting team. raptors is garbage. its to early to start tanking warriors haters. Go Warriors.
Jacob Dockter::this game is over folks. just anther example of why you should never ever bet on nba games. if you don't see it here, then you will always lose money
Wild Silverback::I agree.
Tony Le::Indeed! Heat lost at home to the Pistons....yes, the Pistons!
Christopher Bryant::#bettheover
Jacob Dockter::okay this game is officaly over. they will lose by 30 pts. bye guys. never betting on the nba again. Its it for them.
Carlos De La Torre::Say what?
David Forbes::Awesome comeback! Shutdown defense and lights out shooting! Nice win Dubs!
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::i had 25 bucks on warriors at 24 to 1 lol.. i didnt think it would cash .. gonna go to a strip club now
Chad Wiggins::feel free to choke on ur spit and die warriors... every last one of u pathetic f*****
Brandon Tigues::lmao
Chad Wiggins::Brandon Tigues :-) im pissed man
Brandon Tigues::Chad Wiggins lol I feel ya man, I felt the same way about my heat tonight..they loss to the pistons, so these losses happen every once in a while
Russell Patten::absolutely heartbreaking loss.  That said Steph Curry is a beast
Andy P Kordyban::Weren't the Raptors up 88-64?
Brandon Tigues::lmao yeah..this is pathetic yet fun to watch
Jay Rainey::Wtf is goin on? I can't watch it right now.
Brandon Tigues::Jay Rainey  toronto just threw away a 27 point lead
Tar Yak::Warriors 110  Raptors 97
Seth Jaspan::Yup that just happened.
Eric Brown::Not taking anything away from the Warriors. They're a great team and Curry is a MVP candidate. This is for these Eastern teams like the Raptors that are allowed to get away with terrible play. No defensive rebounds in the 4th? Really? Pro athletes can't get ONE rebound in an entire 12 minute period???  Can't believe 13 of 15 teams are tanking lol. Raptors... you're tanking for no reason. You'll never build a contender in Toronto. Ever.
Chad Wiggins::wow last year when the warriors went to their bench they had jack, and laundry, guys with pride that could hold a lead... this year, when they bring that garbage 2nd unit in the game, u better expect bad stuff to happen... pathetic effort in that quarter by everyone
Adam Youman::they will have barnes scoring off the bench as soon as iguodala gets back no worries they will be fine
Patrick Yarnold::Once the Warriors get fully healthy, their 2nd team is solid. Toney Douglas, Nedo (or Baze), Barnes, Speights (or preferably Ezili) & JO. Defensively it's a great second unit, however injuries to AI (causing Barnes to start), JO & Douglas have slowed their scoring. With no backup point guard, the 2nd unit looks in disarray
Adam Youman::Patrick Yarnold all these injuries makes me worry about bogut.....
Jacob Dockter::what is that now. a 22-2 run since golden state had the lead down to 9 pts. Seriously, anybody can say with a straight face that this is not rigged. Seriously. This is as rigged as they come.
Ryan Wilson::yup did you bet on it?
Patrick Yarnold::Not rigged! The percentages finally evened out. Warriors were cold and Raptors were hot in first 2.5 quarters, made shots mean no transition 3's. 4th quarter Raptors finally started missing, Warriors stepped up their defense, and the shooting percentages evened out.
Desmond Lim::Super Splash Bros. combine for more threes than 10 other teams by themselves and at a ridiculous percentage.
Tyler DuPont::this will show you all http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZgqVEmPCWg&feature=youtu.be
Dexter Jackson::theres a lot of real happy or really pissed off gambling folks who thought this game was over LOL
Jacob Dockter::Again reminder guys, DO NOT BET ON THE NBA. YOU DO NOT NEED FURTHER PROOF THEN THIS.
Ryan Wilson::no you don't hahaha wtf is going on
Wild Silverback::Ryan Wilson ... RIGGED GAME..
Brandon Tigues::Wild Silverback  the games rigged? they both have the same amount of ft's..toronto has more personal fouls against them..and both teams have turned over the ball alot..10 for toronto and 9 for the warriors, how else could the game be rigged?
Andy P Kordyban::The refs can pick up their paychecks at the Golden State front office.
Keith Hester::Missing the Warriors from a year ago...hope they snap out of the funk.
Robert Price::Being a Raptors fan is probably the worst aspect of my life.
