JoseInn Chicago::.
JoseInn Chicago::.
JoseInn Chicago::.
JoseInn Chicago::.
JoseInn Chicago::.
Petro19::sixers have been a joke all year long - ha!  so, so, they secured the 8th seed. Is that really an accomplishment considering that the entire nba sucks? it's almost harder NOT to make the playoffs than it is to make them. so, now what? they will play the Bulls and get swept. done deal.
Lakermagicshowtime::700 comments lmao this show how much people care about these crap teams and one playing his last game in NJ lol
1Dre8::No chance for sixers. Theres a reason why one is a 1 seed and the other is an 8 seed. Maybe next year
Bullsfan737::Sixers beating the Bulls in the first round people say on here...Hahaha!!   not gonna happen sorry to tell ya but ill give your team 1 win at their home so that's a little credit for them..Chicago is the best rebounding team in every category and the best defensive team holding opponents to 88 points a game!!
Bullsfan737::Well if you choose to have your team be failures every season it's up to you :)
SacredSkrep75::naa im good id rather a daisy than rose
Bullsfan737::He just came back from an injury and was rusty and by the way Watson took his spot most of that game so suck your own d*ck little boy...you wish you could have Rose you jealous f*ck!!
SacredSkrep75::will see $@%!$...when they win the series go eat a d i c k....and tell you "mvp" to quit being a $@%!$ and play a game!! lmfao 2 points???? he sucks
Bullsfan737::They have no chance to take the series and you know it jack off king..The Sixers defense isn't even remotely close to Chicago's so believe what you want about your hapless Sixers who barely made it in the play-offs!!
SacredSkrep75::the sixers allow 89 pts a game so yeah? were just as good fagboy...and were the 7th best rebounding team in the league so smd
Lakermagicshowtime::34 wins and 30 losses disagree with you.
The_Iron_Fist::The Sixers seem stumped by what to do with Bosh when they play the Heat. They're far better at defending the Bulls, so that's who they really want in the first round. Doug already said he's resting guys the last two games. Expect a 34-32 record and to play the Bulls in round one. Craig Brackins sightings?!
SacredSkrep75::lets go sixers!! i rather the 8 seed though and hopefully iggy is ok...i honestly as a afan of the sixers believe they can beat the bulls in the first round and if the celtics win their series sixers will end up playing them...which i could see them winning also...i dont see them winning the finals but its very possible...stranger things have happened!!! go sixerssss
I Should Be Studying::I'm shocked. The Nets losing? No, it must be a mistake.
OttosAnOrange::That picture of their stars on the bench looked like a team trying to add some more ping pong balls into their draft lottery status.
15pur::Fact is, the Nets should desolve the franchise. No one was that passionate about them even when they dominated a horrible eastern conference in the early 2000's. No one is exactly waiting for them to move to Brooklyn. Many in the community wanted no part of a arena in their neighborhoods. No one wants to see them, no one wants to play for them, Billy King is an idiot, and Mikhail just has a lot of hobbbies and this one is at the bottom of the list..
kempstylez40::The Brooklyn Nets are a huge joke.
UspeakBushwa::New Jersey smells like a New York fart
nyyankees_fanforever::There is one small area of New Jersey where there's a lot of oil refineries, on the road that approaches the Holland Tunnel into New York City, that does smell just god-awful, like rotten eggs.
yodaspeaks::sad that clinching an nba playoff spot is so Uncelebrated.
marcpru60::two opposite stories in this game... very impressed with what Sixers accomplished with roster / Nets one of a handful of teams that clearly establish that Stern has too many teams and needs to trim four to six teams out and then boom - NBA would be massively exciting
CandySparker::Cheers A.I.
_ Fail snail _::What happened to 76ers? They were so great the first 3/4 of the season...
pistonfanstill::Better veteran teams paced themselves this season while the Sixers were Rabbits in a Marathon. At least they did not collapse out of the Playoffs because they and the Pacers are refreshing alternatives to over hyped superstar teams.
marcpru60::bingo - i am one of those fans that yes likes watching the great teams play each other yet split my NBA time with the TEAMS that you mentioned two of
charlesshumway1962::I’ve been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and is tired of not winning your bets like I once was
The Lakers are good at basketball::If I lived in New Jersey, I'd move.
nyyankees_fanforever::hahahaha
Blazelover13::I can't believe I'm saying this, but I hope the Knicks beat out the Sixers for the 7th seed. I want no part of the Heat. Sure, they're beatable, but the Sixers match up VERY badly against them. Against the Bulls, I'd pick the Sixers to win in six games. I mean it! Not only is Rose still hurting, but the Sixers match up incredibly well with Chicago, and have played them hard all season, not to mention beaten them once. I hope they play the Bulls, because they'd have a shot to pull off the upset. If they play the Heat...they're done in five, I fear. But, still, way to go making the playoffs, Sixers! You did it again. Great work.   Oh, and bye-bye, New Jersey.
The Lakers are good at basketball::Sixers and Blazers were two teams I thought could really go far this year... Blazers dropped off the face of the earth but I'm glad Sixers still made it to the playoffs
Le-Daj::Check out this awesome authentic signed dwight howard ball for a great price http://www.ebay.com.au/itm/261009341469?ssPageName=STRK:MESELX:IT&amp;_trksid=p3984.m1586.l2649
charlesshumway1962::Philli sux
IAmAMatrix::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKLAzyWiC4
sespi001::philli at the 7 spot
adamrawr18241::I'd be throwing these last two games if I was Philly
Blazelover13::Fully agree. We want the Bulls, not the Heat.
Bobcats_fan4life::Back to NY for the NETS
IAmAMatrix::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKLAzyWiC4
smoothcriminalXD::wohoo welcome to brooklyn!!!!!!!
IAmAMatrix::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKLAzyWiC4
LilDwayne21::Wow, bad night for basketball tonight in the NBA. Tonight's basketball games consisted up a lot of midcard basketball games. The good news is every preeeminent team in the NBA that's not suppose to lose to a not so good basketball team or a decent or okay basketball team won.  Philly beat Jersey.  The Spurs beat the Trailblazers  Pacers beat the Pistons  Wizards beat the Bobcats - Nobody cares.  Bucks beat the Raptors  Grizzlies beat the Cavs  See, you can't lose these type of basketball games, especially when you're in the Playoffs or trying to qualify for the Playoffs and you're up against inferior basketball teams. Just another day at the office, go out, handle your business, turn the team you're facing into a warmup team for the Playoffs get your money and bouce. One and done. Peace.
skwig2404::Do not use words you can not spell.
CruzInLA::what your favorite new jersey nets moment? ...... ....... ....... ....... ummmm....... .... ........
tigerwoodsneedstogetlaid::when jayson williams shot that limo driver
LilDwayne21::ha!!!! I love it. Please............
IAmAMatrix::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKLAzyWiC4
USSmercer1::Newark to Brooklyn: Roughly 18 miles Seattle to Oklahoma City: Roughly 2038 miles  Be happy you all can still cross the river and go see them at least.
dabearsdabullsdablackhawks::why did ESPN label this game as "cancelled" for a good 20 minutes at the half? WITHOUT ANY explanation?  I saw it ESPN, don't think you can "big brother" this away...
CruzInLA::I believe they had a huge halftime show to say goodbye. I forgot where i read that though.
brandonso777::Nets suck, brook lopez is a joke of a center averaging 6 rebounds a game cant believe they thought he was the centerpiece in a trade for dwight howard lol
Benzino999::The Sixers have a no name team with an awesome coach getting them to play above thier ability.
Walna222::the sixers winning it all is about the same probability I get laid by meghan fox within the next 10 minutes.....
screwhead2305::so how many games will Philly last in the playoffs
CruzInLA::depends on who they play...
USSmercer1::It's a best-of-seven series so they have to play more than 3...
USSmercer1::It wasn't a joke. He's an idiot and when he counts he goes "1, 2, 4, 3"
nocioniisgod::it was  joke....
Walna222::3
markos kolioulis::i wonder who starts tanking games first. Philly or New York?
jeterjones05::Jason Kidd taking the Nets to the Finals back to back years was incredible! dude lead his team in Points, Rebounds, Assists and Steals in the Playoffs
PrettyLillyFlower.::future hall of famer &amp; NBA champion
Metropolitan State of Mind::I just can't see the fanbase for the Brooklyn Nets. The Knicks have been here forever and everyone is a Knicks fan. I doubt many will change teams.
Metropolitan State of Mind::Haha Christie thinks people care about NJ...NO ONE cares about NJ. It's not even a real state it's just NY's little brother and backyard. Welcome to a real city Nets!
Goon-::They should have let all the NJ fans in to this game for free for putting up with this crap franchise for so long... in fact they should have paid them to watch this game.
PHILAFANinVA::that's ridiculous.
WeaponXDawkins03::I assume D-Will is leaving the Nets unless somehow the Nets can get howard in the offseason
TYLILMAX::11-14-24-56-9 oops !! wrong lottery
met4life2469::Mikhail Prokhorov and Jay-Z as owners of the Brooklyn Nets, its gonna be an empire, in 2 years they'll be contenders, laugh all you want, watch it happen.
WeaponXDawkins03::Jay z is a minority owner. Barley does sh!t. His job is to bring fans and endorsements deals for the Nets since his Name has value.   And like Kenneth said, Prokhorov concern isn't the Nets now
KENNETHPOWERS69::LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLO.....................Prokhorov is more interested in becoming President of Russia...or fighting Mark Cuban...
Bill34851::i may be a sixers fan, but at least i'm realistic enough to say i'd probably get struck by lightning 3 times and survive before the sixers made it to the nba championships this year.
jayshah96::Sucks for New Jersey to end this way, a loss with Deron Williams sitting out
