Clarence2126::heres where the does season starts unravelling, lose to the lowly piece of crap pistons on the road than come home and lay an egg against the spurs....how many will the dumbf*uck*s lose now before they win another?
mkwan0::ESPN likes to publish newsworthy stories.  The Spurs winning is not newsworthy.  Spurs and their fans should take it as a backhanded compliment.
DalvinSplit::HERE THEY COME THE ELITE TEAM SAN ANTONIO SPURS .!
BOBBO409::I was reading Slam's posts below and I was looking for him to call us "old" as he likes to do, and sure enough, he did. I suppose that's ironic since the only run that the Lakers are getting on the NBA page is the story that Kobe says the Lakers are "old"...Kobe would trade his entire team for the Spurs "old" players right now...sweet sweet irony
rynospurs21::And not a single one of the Spurs players would want to play with the Black Hole.
Kobrick and the fakers are older::TIM DUNCAN IS ONE OF THE CLASSEST PLAYERS IN NBA HISTORY
84jwin3::I think Tim Duncan is a very top notch type of player too.  I would think it was a great compliment for John Henson to hear that he got such high praise from Duncan for the way he played in last night's game according to the recap.
COLT19721972::Anybody else have BUCKS +5.5 last night?
65tarheel::See what happens if Henson gets more than 2 minutes. Not saying he is all pro but deserved more pt.
84jwin3::After last night's game, John Henson's PER (Player Efficiency Rating) according to Hollinger's formula went up to 18.2 which leads the team with Larry Sanders in second place at 18.0.  He is pretty productive for the numbers of minutes he's played.
nba is the worst::3rd day of 2013 and my Spurs are back in 1st place, Heat still in 4th.    Spurs best road record in the league.    #1 in point differential.    Looks like a 5th ring will probably be theirs!
CubicleJoe::they really are a pleasure to watch
No-account drifter::... and #1 in scoring.
sicula11::The bucks need to make the playoffs this year so they can get someone to potentially buy the team. And start building them a new stadium. If they cannot do that they are gonna be out of milwaukee in 3 years or less. It is almost like thecitydoesnt care, thereis no one at any of the games. They need to stir interest in the city to help keep them alive.the only way to do that is by winning. And if you keep doing losing to Detroit and not winning at home. They will be in trouble.
Clarence2126::who cares let the f*ucking weak $@% does leave!
sicula11::Ya but he is from California and might move them. He is more of a business man I think
CubicleJoe::maybe attanasio can buy them
CoconutFaninFlorida::Spurs are no where to be found on the ESPN homepage. Hell, they're no where to found on the ESPN-NBA homepage. There is a tab on Dirk and the Mavs, though.   ESPN...
No-account drifter::Pop's loving it.
mkwan0::Spurs, with no fanfare, quietly retake the #1 spot in the league.  Under the radar, that's the way the Spurs like it.  The lack of coverage used to annoy me, now it amuses me
TomShoe02::The Clippers lose, the Thunder lose, the Spurs win...  It was a good day.
FrankPisFACTio211::slam_dunk_on_u is a HUGE joke.
No-account drifter::Don't SCARE me like that!
jeffcastillo1970::I've been following a system for betting lately called SportsbettingStar. In only two months time I have averaged $3,000 a month profit. I found this system on the first page of Google by searching for sports betting systems.   I hope this post helps anyone out there that might be looking for an easy way to make extra income like I was.
Goldengun3865::Parker is the 2nd best PG in the NBA.  The only question is whether you choose to acknowledge this fact.
grizzsuckin4thquarter::Who is Derrick Rose?
Fitzanator31::Or if you choose to acknowledge  Derrick Rose's existence
donkeydave86::you sir, are an idiot.
Goldengun3865::He's been very impressive in rehab, I'll give you that.
bamberg1977::Tim Duncan played all 4 years in college, right. Making him 19 years removed from high school... is he on steroids or what?
Goldengun3865::Nah, just the greatest power forward in the history of basketball.
bamberg1977::If he came out for NBA draft out of high school, he would have been drafted 2 months before Andre Drummond was born.
slam_dunk_on_u::So the Spurts are on a misleading 7-game winning streak and yet ESPN don't even have a headline talking about them....ESPN all over the Clippers even though they are about to lose their second straight game...but no mention of the "powerhouse" spurts....  ESPN all over the clipps and heat....  Truth is nobody outside sham anphonio cares about this team
MijoMartinez::I don't think that's his real picture. It's probably someone he really hates. If you think about it, it's perfect cause you remember the pic, you think to yourself 'man if I see that guy, I'm gonna punch him in the face'.
joemcleod83::Maybe it's his x-boyfriend.
grizzsuckin4thquarter::what a fricking pair of ears.......
Goldengun3865::Hi Dumbo
KaizerG10::I'm outside of SA... but I care. LOL.. now go to your mama and cry baby boy
slam_dunk_on_u::Time to rest the old farts for tomorrow's game against the knickabockers we know  spurts fans are going to use the back to back excuse when melo and company beat the crap out the overrated spurts
Nerissa2525::What an idiot!
WesTexSpur::Why does everybody respond to this guy? He probably a closet Spurs fan...or a Spurs fan who is just trying to stir the pot
grizzsuckin4thquarter::he is a laker fan, how is that going (15-16)? lol
KaizerG10::Lol.. Spurs overrated? that's funny man. Just when did that happen?
Vaquero In The House::Just like your mama still beats the crap out of you when you come around, tell her to go easy on the big ears....hear me boy.....lol
Sun Devils-Suns-Cardinals-Diamondbacks-Sun Devils::AS many of you know,I have posted the message "Spurs fans suck." many times. So why do I hate the Spurs? Because my Phoenix Suns got SCREWED in 2007. That Amare suspension was totally unfair and unwarranted and it cost the Suns the key game of that series,game 5. It was totally unfair and unwarranted and in may well have cost the Suns the 2007 NBA Championship. After 2007,being a Suns fan gives me no choice but to hate the Spurs.
mkwan0::Hey, don't worry.  We will get Diaw, one of the two guys suspended, a chance at last to play on a contender.
manoocena::Robert Horry!
Goldengun3865::You meant, after 2003 and 2005 and 2007.  LOL, bitter Suns fans.  So sad, so very sad.
grizzsuckin4thquarter::slam dunk and this dude have to be 2 of the ugliest people on here, brave 2 put those pictures up.
Vaquero In The House::So go fk yourself......
KaizerG10::I'll back you up on your comment. lol
mksatx::Go spurs beat knicks
GoldCoast80s::Duncan reminds me of Kareem on offense when he got old. He gets it done not relying on athleticism but smarts. What is more impressive is his defense. In that sense he reminds me of Wilt. People think Wilt was washed up in LA but he was the anchor on that Lakers 71 team that won 69 games. Duncan is the best of both worlds.
bballfan6767::Never under any circumstance compare to Tim Duncan to Wilt chamberlain again, Duncan sacrificed numbers so that he could win. Wilt did the exact opposite. Tim Duncan is probably the best teammate of all time, wilt is either the worst, or second worst behind Oscar robertson. Please tell me your not a spurs fan.
bballfan6767::Fair enough. But for the first 15 years of his career he was a pretty terrible teammate. I know this is a simple google search away but he won two titles right?
GoldCoast80s::Dude w/ LA, Coach Sharman got Wilt to buy into the team game. That is why he avg. 14.8 ppg that season, Wilt was still an offensive force capable of 20+ ppg but Sharman got him to be a better teammate and allow Goodrich and West to do the scoring while Wilt's main focus was to play D and rebound.
mda1493::I think Duncan or Parker should really be considered for MVP this season do to how consistent they have played but it will never happen because the NBA is all favorites and flashy plays.
donkeydave86::Duncan especially.  Literally has turned back the hands of time this year.
soulfirecracker::Manu is coming back on. Hope he stays healthy.
mksatx::hi. im lebron james. i just played 40 min. in tonights game.  i got called for zero fouls.  yes me and wade are that good
d_bokk::Why is marquis daniels still starting? seriously, he sucks and should't even be in the rotation. Move Moute to SF and put ANYONE at PF and that lineup would be better than any lineup with daniels in it
colobr731::Has Ginobli ever been called for a travel in his career?  The Bucks are at least consistent in their inconsistency... Might be the only team in the league who's bench is just flat out better than the starting 5.   I would really like to see Henson, Harris actually get some solid minutes. Unfortunately, the Bucks will try to ride the Ellis/Jennings train to the 8th seed and a first round exit.
ALLforthelulz::its almost impossible to believe what timmy d keeps doing every game. between him and kobe im convinced the mayan prediction was in reference to athletes lasting longer. its the only explanation
ENDZZONEZ::So Durant got ejected tonight, did he cry?
Vaquero In The House::Why do you think he got ejected?
dash2k4::Spurs don't use age as an excuse. As a Heat fan, I can never find anything bad to say about the Spurs. A model franchise through and through. Even with their window supposedly closed, they still churn out 50+ wins a year. All the respect.
Hank10593::Their age is only a problem in the playoffs, regular season is piece of cake for the Spurs.
676Rob::thanks man, good to see non spur fans show appreciation to a good consistent team
PeterPPK::Btw, Kevin Durant got ejected in the Brooklyn/OKC game
manoocena::oh that Duncan ejection was just ....
brandonspurs4ever::was it for laughing at refs? lmao
sportsfan1014::at least Bucks beat the Heat
dash2k4::Heat fan here. A bad showing by my team for sure. Bucks deserved to win.
KN_WisconsinFan::It's real annoying and we've done this a few times this year: Get way behind, put in our B-Squad, and all the sudden we're in it again.  It makes me upset because guys like Henson doesn't even see the court in 80% of the games
Spursdc::Good for the win column, nothing more
AustinBeal::Hah, didn't expect this outcome at all. Good job Brooklyn.
roll_n_riot::Go Spurs go,  Gotta give the Bucks credit, they got Pop a bit scared there at the end
AustinBeal::Good game Bucks. That Henson guy is a keeper for you guys. Next stop: New York. Go Spurs Go!
incredibeau::if the spurs are the 3rd seed they will win the finals
Spursdc::Yet to see them go cold, huh
therealunknown::Mike brown &gt; Skilles, Smart, Scott
KN_WisconsinFan::Everyone &gt; Skiles
KN_WisconsinFan::Tim Duncan is a legend
Spursdc::living legend
twinm85::thunder and heat lose to much lesser opponents
twinm85::oops someone mislead me.  sorry about that.  still sad to have to play dallas in overtime
therealunknown::the heat won, what are you talking bout??
PeterPPK::Good game San Antonio. You guys outplayed us at every corner. However, I have to say, the 110 point turnout isn't too bad for the Bucks. I mean, yeah, they didn't win. But still, it's nice to know that they can score a lot of points if they have to. Really, if they had been playing any other team tonight, they probably would've won.
john1schn::Reminded me of the old Gervin days. BD---Before Defense.  Pop's gonna lay into a few players on the ride home.
COLT19721972::Why let moron LAMB shoot final shot?...I mean really
colobr731::He at least has an excuse for shooting poorly, most rookies do. He tries on D and doesn't continuously take bad shots, more than can be said of Monta.
PeterPPK::Even Dalembert has made a three this year
mackmilitary::Even Javale Mcgee made one this year....geesh!
mackmilitary::I swear i haven't seen that guy make a 3 all season
mksatx::Spurs get a favor fron net going to beat okc
twinm85::okc can blame the spurs for taking the nets to "rock bottom".  they could only go up from there
KN_WisconsinFan::Wish we woulda won, but Jennings played hard and Henson did outstanding
X GoSpursGo X::Good game Bucks!
Infinite5ammy::Wow... good game, Milwaukee. I didn't expect y'all to make it so close at the end!
4shouter::GG bucks. Go take it out on someone else.
mseddon12::good old NBA betting lol....
NameThatScrub::the spurs are about as exciting as opera
brandonspurs4ever::b-b-b-b-bbut i like opera.....
roll_n_riot::they could be failing with ridiculous embarrassment like the Lakers
twinm85::winning is so exciting...much more so than losing
Sassy Brock::Spurs Win....Spurs Win....wooooooohooooooooo!!!!
