cmpledger::I laughed so hard when the Hornets picked Rivers so early. he looked like trash in college. what a terrible decision by whoever made the draft picks.
UkDynastyUk13::starting to look like a bad get.
packersfanfrom89::Bucks leading the Central...David Stern's worst nightmare.  Not impressive last night, but a win's a win.  Go Bucks!
UK fan 4 ever::Rivers is absolute trash. Gordon needs to get his sorry glass knees better and man up and play.
DrueLife::Austin Rivers was a waste of a draft pick
tani_budde::Great game by the Bucks offense. I'm a Hornets fan and all I could do in the last two minutes of the game was just shake my head and drink my beer when watching Ellis with that smooth creative shot. Crazy good.
VincentM515::Why is it the Hornets have suddenly forgot how to play defense?
WiscoMase23::bucks are the real deal so far this year. here's to a win over the bobcats and taking a 7-2 record into miami on wednesday night!
poweredbyjae::I think I'm more impressed with the 18 dimes to 1 turnover by Ellis / Jennings combined.  If I see that ratio again this year between the two of them, I'd be shocked.
jones3d::why doesn't the headline read "Anthony Davis gets his team to 3-5 for the first time ever"  it's been 8 freaking games. He scored 28 points, not league breaking news.  He'll reach that bench mark many times.  Let me know if he scores 55 in his rookie campaign like Jennings, we can talk then.
VincentM515::Let me know if Jennings had 2 Double Doubles in his first 3 games and also let me know when Jennings gets 11 rebounds to go with his 28 points. And also let me know when Jennings shoots over 71% from the floor. Different positions, different players.  Impossible to compare stats.
AbyssinianLion::When Jennings goes 10-14 shooting that should be a headline. Call me if he EVER does that.
numberounofightingirish::For a few months now I have been using this system called Sportsbettingstar to help pick winning bets. In only 60 days I have managed to double my bankroll by following this system. You can find this system on the front page of google by searching the term Sports Betting System.
sduke1986::I'm not a bucks fan, just a basketball fan with a question.  Can someone explain why Dunleavy doesn't start when he is obviously the best SF on the team?
gjmrocks1998::THANK YOU!!!! SOMEONE ELSE THATS NOT A TOTAL IDIOT!!!
WiscoMase23::ilyasova is clearly better when he is normal. give him a couple more games. he will figure it out
Tripledan81::There is only one ball to go around so you'd rather him play with the second unit then try and share with Monta and BJ.
d_bokk::pretty much sums it up, the 2nd unit is very defense heavy and they need an efficient shooter, plus it has worked so well these past two seasons so why mess with it.
MTNDEWWD55::bring scoring off the bench.  He shots a really high field goal percentage from three,  rebounds fairly well, and moves the ball well.
imasportsaholic::this bucks team looks more balanced this year and more consistent
PeterPPK::I was there tonight. It was a pretty good game. Nice to see the offense score points when it needs to. I want to see the bucks go 4-0 in this week's stretch(@Charlotte, @Miami, vs. Chicago, @Chicago). If they can beat the Heat in Miami and the Bulls twice, then they might finally get the respect they deserve.
jakeprimetime::f this headline espn.  give the bucks some love!
VincentM515::Too cold in Milwaukee for love.
xakle::Going by ESPN's headlines, the Hornets were 0-2 tonight.
tani_budde::lmao we just can't catch a break.
WiscoMase23::lol so true
alexander91579::Great game bucks.  I was at the game tonight.  Was great to see The brow, you know, that guy people keep trying to call a bust, have a good game.  Same with ryan anderson.  Rivers?  meh, lopez  hes big,  aminu, getting better, i love bryan roberts, but the bucks were too good tonight.  Great game.  boy, if eric gordon would remove the tampon, this team could be decent.
jstone79::Fear the Deer!  ;)
AnotherFan2012::Just got home from the BC. Great game. Great energy. Keep it up Bucks!
gocaliforniabears::Hornets are like a d league  team........austin rivers as the starting sg??
xakle::Well they've beaten the Bulls, Jazz, and Bobcats with that lineup and lost to the Spurs in the final seconds.  If Eric Gordon ever decides he wants to play, it's a potential playoff team.
Br3tt11::They actually played solid tonight
Goon5832::Serious im a bucks fan do yal this monte ellis leavin after this year
MiamiMagicCity::bucks are for real this time
bigwill414::my bucks are getting no love for the good start of the season from espn
kwalta2009::what do you expect from espn?
Everything Wisconsin Except MU::The thought of having Tobias Harris guarding Lebron is scary. Really wish LMAM was back.
gt1master_ike::The Hornets need guards who can keep their man out of the paint. This is ridiculous.
BURNER8585::Well, I think we better keep Jennings.
Doodzy4::Ellis is the difference, makes everyone on court around him better
_The Maestro_::ellis and jennings. Dopplegangers
pico2013::jennsanity or ellisanity? witch is better creatures?
wklimers::U Jellis?
Uhggly::Sandertainment
3ptsallday33::Sanderific
KN_WisconsinFan::Sandersanity
pico2013::what the hell is thatttttt?
dcenate004::mbah a moute does not want to play for the bucks
jakem9161::injured bro, be back in few weeks
3ptsallday33::Then why did he sign a 5 year extension?
pico2013::he was under the influence of beer
dcenate004::$$$
dcenate004::where is he now huh
KN_WisconsinFan::If Mbah a Moute was around, I think we could easily beat the Heat
Uhggly::make 'em work for it Tobias
dcenate004::well hes not so bucks lose because of ellis and skiles
DeerandBeer91::No Luc=Lebron going for 50
dcenate004::no rgiii no problem
sgafsetomorpnpse::Davis had his best game yet, but the D needs to get up to par.
Uhggly::didn't really draft/acquire around a defensive squad, outside of Davis
GumsJags23::shoulda known better than to bet on milwaukee. cant even pull away from NO they should both quit
Uhggly::i think gamblers think we care (as real fans) about your loss
d_bokk::"shoulda known better than to bet"   you should have ended your sentance there
DeerandBeer91::HAHA
KN_WisconsinFan::#1 KSU going down... wow.
KN_WisconsinFan::#2 Oregon only up 7
WIstormchaser2119::WOOHOO!!!!
WIstormchaser2119::actually i'd love to see the big 12 reppin in the bcs title game
dogs::Bucks have a super hard schedule after the bobcats game.
DeerandBeer91::We can beat chicago. We can beat Miami too if they have no wade..lol
KN_WisconsinFan::80-2
dcenate004::cant wait for ellis to leave
zachsim::he's on drugs, it's ok
Uhggly::huh?
pico2013::BUCKS are a darkhorse team in the East.
MTNDEWWD55::FEAR THE DEER!!!!!!
Uhggly::dark deer
Uhggly::need to sew up that defense or this won't last
jakeprimetime::i thought their defense wasn't that bad.  got the stops in crunch time!  fast paced game.
DeerandBeer91::Our D is great. Nola just was hitting everything tonight
Uhggly::I didn't say sucks.. you did.. I say that if we played more consistent defense we blow this team out
DeerandBeer91::So one game we give up a lot of points and our D sucks. Lets just act like the other games didnt happen
Uhggly::it's amazing how good defense stops those sort of things.. mostly talking about closing out on 3-point shooters
gsraider::So who goes to all star game? Ellis or Jennings.....and will the other be upset
jakeprimetime::both, we won't have 3/4 boston players this year.
pico2013::Jennsanityyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy babyyyyyyyyy
Uhggly::Jennings has been better
KN_WisconsinFan::Wow, Jennings has been a steal machine lately
DeerandBeer91::Great win. After Charlotte We have Miami and Shitcago for some tough games. Lets go bucks
Minnysota Vikings::Is Eric Gordon still being a baby?
Lamar Kardashian59::Nah, he's just made of glass.
dogs::Bucks should be 7-2 dang.
MTNDEWWD55::They are saying that we should be the Bobcats which we SHOULD and I think that we will beat them.
dcenate004::no they should be 6-2. leave liar
Lamar Kardashian59::So.... I got the Brow and Jennings on my fantasy team.  It was a good day.
dcenate004::hornets are just not a good team
amazeAl::Down goes a Hornet...next up a Bobcat!!! GG
hokienation135::Beastly game by Unibrow
KN_WisconsinFan::What's up T-Wolves fans
dogs::rootign for the bucks
Lamar Kardashian59::The Bucks!  The only wisconsin team I kinda like haha
KN_WisconsinFan::Oh come on man!  Not the Brewers?  I root for the T-Wolves and Twins.  Luckily not in the same Conference/Leagues
Minnysota Vikings::Rootin' for the Bucks!
KN_WisconsinFan::Ha.  I was a little confused when the two of you came.  Atleast you're cheering for the good guys
MShadows17::The Bucks are 6-2. I like the sound of that.
420Legendz::ELLIS... MVP!!!, MVP, MVP!!
bigwill414::hell no
DreDazer::you sure you guys don't want bogut back....?
