Chelo Mejias::Celtics win this game with authority, enough kiddie games
Nick Evans::please tell me you hit your head hard lately?  Or are you still upset about last night's game vs the Leafs?
Jensee Loudmouthfag::Nick Evans   https://imgflip.com/i/65ig3
Theodore Bagwell::Nick Evans   You must feel really Stupid right now.
Josh Parsons::No one predicted the East to be this horrid. The Raptors need to capitalize on a unique opportunity to start building a winning culture now. Start by capturing the division, winning the first round and getting real experience playing Miami or Indiana. Only then can they appear as an attractive destination for free agents. Ownership has publicly stated their commitment to winning and spending as well.
JCorey Wilde::Lets see Rondo ...
Mike Bird Munger::AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAND ON F-CKING CUE THE REFS COME TO SAVE YET ANOTHER CELTICS OPPONENT.  HOW THE HELL IS IT A FOUL ON BRADLEY WHEN THE GUY TRIPS ON HIS OWN FEET!?!?
Harman Singh Sidhu::Tommy Heinsohn has a facebook account?
Theodore Bagwell::Harman Singh Sidhu   5 fouls of Sullinger in the 4th quarter is a little suspicious
Harman Singh Sidhu::Theodore Bagwell Could have had more if the officiating crew was more consistent with the calls. You think the Raptors weren't frustrated either? The refs weren't the reason this game was close, it was close because both teams did the best they could to lose this game ( missed free throws, turnovers, and dumb fouls). And those are some of the reasons as to why the Celtics have the record that they have not the refs
Christopher Elliott::Jordan Crawford just got traded and won't be in action tonight for Boston. As long as the raptors somewhat contain Jeff Green, this is a W.
Jesse Smith::If you told me at the start of the season they were going to win there division I would have said your nuts but now...... :) Gotta love being in the East and specifically the Atlantic.
Christopher Elliott::Jesse Smith bruh I didn't forecast that. I thought they would squeeze in for the 7/8 spot in the playoffs at best. I was expecting a lot more from CLE/NYK/BKN/WSH. Also, nobody thought the team would do a full 360 after Rudy left Things are looking good
Jesse Smith::Things are def looking up. It is kind of ironic that this years draft might be the best in a very long time and I think Ujiri was trying to tank when he dumped Gay but either way I'll take a few playoff games
Jeff Brown::Celtis back to 9th level of pathetic
Barry Card::sullinger great game man stay healthy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Carl D Hill::A. Bradley, the player Shump HOPES to be....coming from a Knick fan...
Jeff Brown::Celtics back to 90s level of  pathetic
Daniel Trambopoline::Go Sullinger
Andy P Kordyban::Boston fans sure are lucky to see the Raptors in their house tonight. The true concept of "team basketball". What a treat you guys are in for.
Peter Knowe::refs killing road team in first qrt geez can any trip not be a foul with this crew?
Bethaney Coultier::Playing down to this p.o.s Celtics team. inexcusable
Damien Kimura::stop toying with them
Chris Chan::Raptors will go with a easy win
Tony Hartmann::The Raptors are playing well.
Jeff Brown::OK, they lost nine in a row, but 6 of the 9 were on the road playing and they've played some tough teams (Clips, GS, OKC, Portland, Houston) with three back to backs. Also keep in mind that they lost four of those games by 3 points or less. Maybe a win against Toronto and a little Rondo can get things going again.
Liam Sibson::I feel so bad for Celtics fans...having to withstand this worse-than-D-League-level-team not try at all to win. I'm shocked at the fact that TD Garden still fills all the way up despite the fact that this is probably their worst roster in franchise history.
Theodore Bagwell::What does that say about the Atlantic division leading Raptors?? they can't beat a D-League team??
Liam Sibson::The Raptors are so much better this year. This game means nothing.
Theodore Bagwell::Liam Sibson   Well, The Raptors are healthy. And the Celtics don't have Rondo, just traded one of their best scorers in crawford. So i'd say this game means a lot, because the Celtics should be losing by 30
Paul Marshall::Raptors just can't seem to win in Boston no matter who is on the court. At least we only lost by 5 which is a big improvement. Still, we shouldn't be giving away games against weaker teams.
Greg Maxwell::The Cs still need to improve their shot selection in the 4th quarter.  Too many rushed outside jumpers instead of getting Sully down on the low block.
David Connie Barratt::DD/Lowry need a great performance tonight. Another road win would help us increase the spread in the Atlantic.   JV/Amir/PPatt are going to dominate the boards.  GO RAPTORS
Nick Evans::If the Raptors play their game, they should have no problems getting the W tonight.  Celtics morale is at an all time low right now.  However, it could easily be a trap game, so the Raps need to be ready to play.
Liam Sibson::Just their 2nd win in a month, and BOTH were by 3-5 points, and BOTH were after giving up 18 point leads.  Nothing to be proud of, this team is so pathetic.
Theodore Bagwell::You're an idiot. They won the game, get over it!
Liam Sibson::I can't even admire the 60 Rebounds and 9 Turnovers, considering the fact that they shot like 15% in the 4th Quarter.
Kyle Myers::**this just in** Bird, Parrish, McHale, D.J., and Ainge suits up and beats this current Celtics squad by 30!....#PATHETIC
Liam Sibson::Comparing some of the best ever to scrubs...even being 30 years older won't interfere with that.
Chelo Mejias::I'm back from Suspension from ESPN, I love how people doubt this c's team...besides the 4th quarter...the c's looked great
