ashby129::Grizz continue to win without Z-Bo. When he comes back, this team will be ready to roll through the playoffs.
jlightle02::Well, the grizz did beat the nuggets with Nene and Gallinari and without zbo earlier this year.
jayeteee::Yeah, 'cause beating a Nuggets team without Nene and Gallinari is such a major feat. C'mon, man.
DenverNuugs8.2::well maybe faried will get more minuted now, and brewer considering he can shoot from outside
jayeteee::The guy makes 2 points the whole night, but it turns out to be the biggest two. Geez........
Broncman17::Man, just 2 more made free throws and one more rebound at the end....OUCH! Nuggs played their butts off to get back in it and almost pulled it out. Memphis is pretty fortunate to have held on. Lets work on free throws and Karl please, PLEASE play Faried more!!  He's the real deal!
444Mike::I am so disappointed from this loss.  I wish they wouldn't have made it close and played with my heartstrings lol.  Before the tip-in by Memphis, it looked like this was going to be the kind of game in which a team turns the corner on their season with an epic comeback.  That said, congrats Grizzlies...you guys escaped what would've surely been a devastating loss had my Nuggets pulled it off.
JustineS04::I preferred that to the lifeless losses we've seen lately. I love that they showed some heart, and that Brewer and Faried carried the team.
Kamikazi02::I think GK needs to go.............
444Mike::I don't know if it is time for him to go, but if JR Smith (who I actually have no desire for whatsoever) becomes a star with the Knicks, GK is going to get a lot of the blame for letting JR get away by not playing him or giving him a fair fight.
jayeteee::I'm w/ you, Kami.
jayeteee::Al Harrington looks like his old self, I was hoping it wouldn't reappear. Faried and Miller should get the start over Big Al and AAA. Our starting line-up killed us tonight.
444Mike::I've never really been a fan of Big Al.  I like AAA, but I think you're definitely right that Miller should start over him (or even Wilson Chandler if he comes back).  AAA would be great off the bench, but not for the money we're paying him lol
JustineS04::Maybe the Nuggets will learn to make the occasional free throw. And why on earth did GK sit Faried for the bulk of the 3rd? UGH.
JustineS04::Billboard! Who's in?
broncosroxnuggs::and 2nd after he brought us back
JustineS04::I laughed, I cried, it was better than Cats. Except for the ending, didn't like the ending.
rockiesfan89::nuggets are without gallo nene and a limited mozgov and memphis barely wins the game...AT HOME. looks like the nuggets are the much better team
Jhe1125::injuries are part of the game.  quit making excuses.  you just make yourself look stupid
JustineS04::They were out last week as well, along with Mozgov and Brewer, AAA, and Lawson for a stint as well. It hasn't been pretty.
jlightle02::Yea, their epic collapse to Memphis in Denver with those players really proves your point.
Griss13ears::That's laughable. So what about the game earlier in the season when you had everyone? The nuggets are not the better team. Nice try.
Lordkrimson::Where were gallo and nene last week ?
lugeneparker::Exactly
tds2n::how were zbo and arthur tonight?
choate_sedition::Other than the 04 Pistons, no team has ever won with the 'basketball by committee' game plan
tds2n::except for parker, duncan, and ginobli. along with several other teams I can think of..
mesa504boy2::what happened to Koufos tonight? he get hurt?
JustineS04::He was awful.
zosoMC::Props to Memphis, but this was a horribly officiated game. Faried is gonna be a beast someday.
JustineS04::*Is already a beast who spends too much time sitting on the bench.
broncosroxnuggs::faried&gt; zbo
Robb3k::you have got to be kidding me
royboy1978::Not even close.  Thanks for playing though.
hockeyplayer864::rookie forgot to block out. lucky win memphis.
ashby129::You should have put in a vet to rebound, then. The better team won.
CheeseyPal::here's hoping the Avs make up for that Nugget loss
Pepiope::Why isn't Nene even listed?
CheeseyPal::Nene missed his third straight game with a strained left calf.
CheeseyPal::Nene missed his third straight game with a strained left calf.
Michael70532::Night all
Michael70532::to Golden state: Miller, Bird, Harrington  to Denver: Monte Ellis, D. Wright, C. Jenkins  Trade was successful
Michael70532::We will even throw in Fernandez
DenverDiehard35::i wouldnt hesitate to do that..... they would never accept that
Dominic10002::The way the Grizzlies pull that out is awesome!!! #waytogo.
bmosheman::just read the recap.  Nuggets haven't scored that few points in the first quarter since, uh, the day before yesterday.
denuggetz3::im still pist at dante cunningham
Paterade::Is that the guy who set the attendance record at 20 for the game tonight
wilber22dexter::what's cracking?
denuggetz3::denver definatley has a problem at sg a trade would help or start wilson chandler at sg hes 6-8
denuggetz3::trade nene arron affalo and andre miller to the warriors for david lee klay thompson and a 1rst rounder and nate robinson
DenverDiehard35::no way they get rid of thompson
SF-Sportster::Trade Affalo+Hamilton to Golden State for Monta Ellis
Michael70532::I think we wait it out for at least this year and let everyone get healthy then at end of year reassess
SF-Sportster::ideas?
DenverDiehard35::i think hamilton has too much potential, id be down for AAA + Dre, Bird, Al, or picks... whichever they would bite on
Michael70532::Nah
wilber22dexter::we the people in order to form a more perfect union we have to...
Michael70532::f a g g o t
Michael70532::*$@% got
Michael70532::kill the chef $@%!$@ in this chat room
RollThunder35::Denver ready to get Thunderstruck?
The Amazing chef is back again baby::AND JUST TO LET ALL YOU DUMB NIGGET AND GAYTHUNDER FANS KNOW WOLVES NATION WILL BE INVADING THE BOARD!!!! AHOOO!!!!!
Michael70532::Puppies have been irrelevant for how many years and counting?
RollThunder35::GAYTHUNDER?  Anything better than that?
denuggetz3::NO wait like a month till there heallthy then they can
The Amazing chef is back again baby::THE NIGGETS AND GAYTHUNDER ARE LOSERS!!!!  WOLVES&gt; BOTH OF THEM!!!
SF-Sportster::It must be hard to talk while sucking Rubio's dick
RollThunder35::credibility gone.
tstruckzies6024::That is why GK doesn't play rookies.... put in Faried when ay matters and he stands and watches the shot instead of blocking out.
JustineS04::He only rebounded our way back into the game.
The Amazing chef is back again baby::WHAT IS THIS GAY FEST??? WE HAVE TEDDY BEAR, NIGGET, OLD PURS AND GAYTHUNDER FANS IN HERE?????????????????????? AHOOO!!!!!!!!!
MileHighFan9::Wolf trolls...who would have thought
royboy1978::Wolves are nothing but sheep in disguise.  Your team is garbage son.
denuggetz3::YOUR AHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMOOOOO
denuggetz3::top5 teams of the future thunder  grizzlies nuggets wolves utah
DenverDiehard35::i would also put clippers in there
slight31rams::all i gotta say is  LEMMIWINKS!
wilber22dexter::dude
The Amazing chef is back again baby::AHOOO!!!! GO WOLVES????
MileHighFan9::Speaking of Gallinari, is he out for 2 months or pretty much the rest of the season?
denuggetz3::out for a month he will be back after the all star break
TomBradyisoverrated::I make so much money...its silly.
Michael70532::Jerkin off Manu isn't considered a bright career
SF-Sportster::you used to lay so many girls.... until you got aids
denuggetz3::your a hobo
The Amazing chef is back again baby::JUST WAIT TIL MONDAY NIGGET FAN AD TEDDY BEAR FANS IDK WHEN WE PLAY YOU BUT IT WILL BE DOMINATION!!!!!!!!!!! AHOOO!!!!!!
denuggetz3::see u sunday hopefully the nuggets arent down by 19 after the first quarter
TomBradyisoverrated::Thunder fans need to shut up. You neede a Spurs guy in Sam Presti to take you where you are. He learned under Popovich and Buford...unless you kids are stupid. Thunder have built through the draft because they learned from the Spurs. Thunder fans need to show respect to the Spurs.
RollThunder35::I told you Thunder fans...the Warriors are only gonna get stronger. They will put 110+ up tonight. You need to score big to win. 2 Hours Ago · Like · Reply · Flag
The Amazing chef is back again baby::I THINK IT ALREADY BEEN ESTABLISHED THIS GUY IS CLOWN. I WILL AGREE WITH ALL YOU ON THAT!!!
RollThunder35::This guy wrote this a few hours ago before the Thunder dominated GS.  Clown.  Spurs blow dead goats.
RollThunder35::So should Sonics fans show respect to Thunder?
The Amazing chef is back again baby::HEY DDIDNT YOU SAY ON THE MAVS BOARD ONLY DBAGS LIVE IN THE PAST? WHY ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT THE PAST DBAG????
Michael70532::Yes don't live in the past Duncan's left nut
denuggetz3::in a retirement home??
TomBradyisoverrated::Urafag
slight31rams::Better give yourself a thumbs up....Here i'll give you one too.
slight31rams::UrAdouche
slight31rams::TomBradyisoverrated is living in the past, he is sad cause he knows that his spurs are all on the back end of their careers and looking for nice retirement homes in Florida
SF-Sportster::he is getting more depressed every day from ginobli's receding hair line
bmosheman::oh, well.  Knew it would be a long month.  Good try, Denver.  Good win memphis.  See you all sunday.
wilber22dexter::BREWER'S CONSTITUTION    BREWER ALWAYS GETS FREE BEER BREWER DOES NOT GET IN TROUBLE FOR DRUNK DRIVING BREWER GETS HOT CHICKS
TomBradyisoverrated::When your best player is Gallinari...your team is a joke...sorry, Denver...thats the way it is.
Paterade::Lawson is the best player by far. Playing on a bum ankle, gets no calls  and still  faster than everyone else in the NBA.
SF-Sportster::you better hope bill russel played center, because if he was a pf ima be pissed!!!!!!! no one will ever top russel
slight31rams::DOUCHEDOUCHEDOUCHEDOUCHEDOUCHE
TomBradyisoverrated::Spurs have won 4 titles in the last 12 years and have the best PF to ever play the game. The fact Nugget fans try to say anything is comical. Name me one Nugget player that is a HOFer.
denuggetz3::alex english david thompson dikembe mutombo
OKCThunderswish35::yea if he was the only player,,, dumb comment
gasol1883::Not true at all. If Denver was only Danillo then I would agree. The Nuggets have a very deep and strong team. Lawson, Afflallo, Gallinari, Harrington, Nene, Miller, Fernandez, Mozzgoff, Brewer. Trust me a lot of teams would love to have their depth.
DenverDiehard35::if I remember right he had 31 points against u guys and almost single handedly won us the game.
MileHighFan9::maybe so but Tom Brady isnt overrated.
slight31rams::And your team is.....
denuggetz3::sorry when your best player is dick nose manu and you lose to an 8 seed in the playoffs you suck
Michael70532::not to mention a fuc kin flopper
Titans Yemen::yeah baby my Grizz won the game.
RollThunder35::whats that win #8?
bmosheman::There was a time I was glad the OKC game would be nationally televised...not any more
Danilo Gallinari Man Crush::Showcase game for Faried. He'll be the new sensation being the Knicks lost.
bmosheman::that second one sounds like a chippendales club.  scratch that one
bmosheman::manimalmania?  Mansanity?
MileHighFan9::Nuggets wont get another W till Sacramento idk if they could even beat them
Danilo Gallinari Man Crush::we'll beat the Wolves. We have to. I live in Minnesota and will never hear the end of it..
Danilo Gallinari Man Crush::Yeah man. The trolls on here are horrible. I'm just referring to my family...friends..co-workers....the same morons who as recent as last year said "The NBA sucks."
OKCThunderswish35::i hate wolves fans especially amazing cook or whatever his stupid name is
MetsNLChamps2012::I went to school with Kenneth... Great talent just don't know if he'll ever be able to score outside of 7 feet.
JustineS04::I don't care if he never shoots the ball outside of the circle. I just want him to jump really high.
MetsNLChamps2012::Ill tell you an honest story tho... He got punched square in the face by a freshman in the hallway and just slammed the kid to ground and held em there. He also rubbed my head once in the caf
OKCThunderswish35::ha wow its always cool to hear  high school stories about famous people
MetsNLChamps2012::He was worshiped by all but he was very humble considering he was our only talented player. We were never able to beat science park but we made it all the way to the city finals on his back. We all new Kenneth was destined for greatness but when you're a teen it doesnt fully sink in so he was just an average high school kid outside of the gym.
MetsNLChamps2012::I did but then again thats what everyone says... He was 3 grades ahead of me in technology high school...
OKCThunderswish35::was he cool or what?
helmsey::Nuggs don't want him to score outside of 7 feet.  Rebounds and score down low is what he needs to do.
gasol1883::He can easily make a living being a garbage man inside. Ben Wallace did that his whole career.
OKCThunderswish35::i dont know if denver got him for that
Danilo Gallinari Man Crush::I'm not sure if I believe you being you seem to troll on all of our games.
wilber22dexter::"have a happy homeless birthday"   ~ Justin Bieber
gasol1883::Man the Grizzlies looked like they had this game all the way through, but they forgot that there was a second half. If the Nuggets had come all the way back and won then I would of been fine to say they earned it, but they didn't. The Grizzlies might have escaped with the win, but they earned the victory. Crazy game all around though. Fareid is a beast in the making.
JustineS04::I don't miss J.R. Smith. He's a headcase and poison in the locker room. The ball moves much more without him and Melo.
Paterade::Nope. Karl doesn't play rookies or JR smith unless the game is out of hand.
gasol1883::Yea too bad about Smith; he would of come back if Karl didn't disrespect him so much.
denuggetz3::nuggets have a bright future lawson having a great season gallo 20ppg player faried a rebound and athletic freak mozzy should be good for a while and when wilson gets back we will see waht he can do
JustineS04::I'd love to see Brewer break out. He's shown so much improvement this season and he plays so passionately.
