Matt Washburn::The Knicks are awful.
Mark Sugimoto::The Eastern conference is awful except for Miami and Indiana. Teams who should have no reason to be in the playoffs are in the hunt in the east.
Andy P Kordyban::Toronto is not awful. Do you watch basketball Mark? Or just stare at the standings?
Scott Sullivan::Andy P Kordyban Toronto IS awful.  Lowry and Derozan are their best players.
Matt Washburn::21 shots - 20 pts. LOL typical 'Melo. Awful.
Larry Litmanen::And he got on a hot streak there for a while, going 4-4.  That man is a loser.
Raffi Chaglassian::playing back to back with travel with a double OT game last night and who's leading the league in MPG..  i am not going to waste anymore time on this crap.  melo haters know nothing about basketball, and i'm done with this subject
Vontravius Williams::Raffi Chaglassian Carmelo Anthony sucks period. Theres no way around it bruh. he played no defense all game and jacked up way to may horrible shots. At least the knicks will get a good lottery pick this year
Keith Dennis::Back to reality... Knicks are a bad team.   Woodson has his hands full with this group.
John Merrifield::I guess they forgot to use their new recipe for success: Poke your opponent in the eyes. The officials won't see it, and then when the blinded player complains he'll get a technical foul. Repeat until said player is ejected from the game.
Mark Sugimoto::Melo 5-15 and a -15. Not gonna win that way. Maybe a little defensive effort would help.
Rick New::he is exhausted. back to back game.  he had a monster game 17 hours ago.
Mark Sugimoto::Rick New Newsflash Rick, The same goes for everyone else on the team. One guy isn't the team. That is why it's called a team.
King Jaffe Joe::Mark Sugimoto so thats why they were playing bad too. do you even watch games. if somebody could put D on big AL then it would be a different game
Jody George Prats::I wish I was LeRing James.   --Melo
Jazmine Ortiz::let me guess refs made melo 9-21?
Steven Rivera::yea lets blame Melo who has 20pts but where's the help??? can anyone crack 10-20pts besides Melo and Amare?????
Mark Sugimoto::That is what the Melo nuthuggers would want you to think.
Saravana Amalan Kulasingham::22 shots for 20 points...efficiency.
Stanley Dada::Bad team wins against bad team, so what?
Trent Conheady::Just when you thought it was safe to start supporting the knicks again..
Hector Abel Bautista::Pathetic Knicks. Only beat up the lowly Heat but lose to the Mighty Bobcat.
Mark Sugimoto::Felton -17 and Melo and Bargani -14. Shumpet needs the ball more. The others aren't putting the effort in on both ends of the floor. The Knicks should not lose to this team back to back or not.
Rick New::for some reason the bobcats have had the knicks number for the past 3 years
Sakuragi Hanamichi::knicks paid miami, phx, dallas, to win those ballgame.... they think they can win with lowly bobcats.... epic fail... sucker
Christopher L Lopez::When Woodson finally let's Shump and THJR really be aggressive offensively, the Knicks could end up being very scary.
Mark Sugimoto::Not this game. Melo is hogging the ball again.
Christopher L Lopez::Mark Sugimoto Nah, Felton is too out of shape to cover Kemba Walker and we don't have any big man that could possibly cover Al Jefferson, except maybe Tyler, but he isn't going to see the court under Woodson for awhile...
Raymond Bermea::The Knicks are gonna win their sixth straight victory tonight.  Bobcats are starting to reel a little bit. We're seeing more of the Knicks from last season, when they won 13 in a row.
Edward McAllister::It was 21 in a row then they lost it.
Ryan Watson::Edward McAllister No it wasn't?
Mark Sugimoto::Felton and Melo pathetic performance tonight. The Knicks should never lose to this team.
Ken Ferriello::Your right.  But we don't need to blame anybody.  He and his teammates stunk up the arena tonight. They all sucked. Yes, all, including Melo.
Lizzy Evonian::lol, the Bobcats are a better team than the Knicks. I laugh at the comment 'The Knicks should never lose to this team.' You got it backwards, the Bobcats should never lose to this Knicks team...
PJ ReinAlwayz Hall::This is so frustrating. Why does Melo settle for so many freaking JUMPERS!!! Im a Melo fan but thats what makes Kd and Lebron better. They know when and how to attack the rim. Thus leading to efficient scoring! Melo is too strong and quick to always settle. DRIVE THE BALL TO THE RIM!
Joel Ashley::haha
Conroy Shields::Fatigue
Marcleen Bavogui::Conroy Shields fatigue.. what dude been tire for 11 years straight.. his not efficient
Eriko Jim::fools gold ..they fooled  ny fans last week by beating Dallas, Miami, suns etc but I knew it was a lucky run, I didn't check the box score but I know Meto probably took 50 shots to score his regular 28 points and Smith jacked 10 threes to get his 12 points
Christopher L Lopez::Okay, Woodson. You have a very young center who just putup 6 points and 2 rebounds in 2 minutes. Please start giving him playing time...
Steven Rivera::Woodson hates rookies
Christopher L Lopez::Steven Rivera I know... But I can hope...
Conroy Shields::Tyler deserves more minutes, but with STAt Martin Chandler and Bargnani ahead of him, all veterans, no chance, only if 2  0r more of the 4 mentioned are out due to injuries, or foul trouble
Edison Mema Memerson::melo is so poor player...can't hit a lake
Steven Rivera::yea bash a guy who played 46 minutes last night and grabbed 16 boards with 29pts
Conroy Shields::Correct.Starters showed fatigue early, so, game strategy should change and bring in bench, but no defense effort was there all around, which made it impossible to win the game, second of a back toback.
Maggie Page::cats have the knicks number
Jack Huang::Typical Melo, play winning basketball for a few games, as soon as he feels like he has fulfill what the people want him to achieve, he went back to his own way.  Come on as soon as he starts takng 20 30 shots per game, the Knicks has no chance of winning!!  Melo what a loser!!
Raymond Bermea::Don't worry, the Knicks wre playing Dr. Jekyll in the first half, but in the second half, they play Mr. Hyde. They turn things up in the second half. Only down nine at halftime. They'll come back and win.
Drew Grundfor::nope.
Mark Sugimoto::Really? Really?? Really???
Marc Taylor::Do yourself a favor - stay out of Vegas.
Steven Rivera::Felton is horrible the guy doesnt average good amount of assists for a PG and his defense is beyond bad
Donaven Murray::I don't normally talk about refs and I'm not a Knicks fan, but the refs really called this game one sided
