Todd Wilson::Free Jimmer.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Where are those troll who thought the Suns would be the kings by 20 pts, eat your words. That included Super douche Vladimir Tsalyuk.  That guys needs to be banned from talking about basketball. Constantly Insulting people because his life sucks .
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Suns scoring went down every quarter, 12 pts in 3rd. Now its 2 pts in the last 3 mins. Talk about inconsistency.  Where is that drunk basketball genius Vladimir Tsalyuk who guaranteed a suns win. You my friend need to stop abusing drugs, Crack is bad !
Chad Wiggins::And fredettes out!!! Doesn't matter how good this guy plays he'll never get rewarded properly in Sacramento!! Fredettes defense this year has been stfu good
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Demarcus Cousins going for 40 lol, all ready 10 pts 4 rbs. Keeps getting fouled. I see this will be another 100+ points game.
Shawn Bento::The Suns have got to find some way to get Green in the lineup even when Bledsoe and Dragic are playing.
John R Barker::Iit looks like the Suns are as bad as expected when Eric Bledsoe doesn't play, but when he does . . .
Stephen Smith::Thomas v. Vasques.  Once again, comparable minutes but not results.
Nathan Towns::Seriously, did the Morris Twins switch jerseys?
Eric Thompson::Vasquez gets too many minutes
Scott Lau::Kings are going to win. Hands down.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::I hope so, it will probably be another close game. Seems like the team with the last possession will end up winning the game.
Scott Lau::Ernest Bagdasaryan With the way the Kings are playing... 10+ points for Cousins just off free throws alone... they will.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Scott Lau  LOL true, i know what you mean. His all ready been to the line 4 times in the first Q, as long as he stays aggressive and keeps attacking the basket he will end up with 20 free throw attempts before this game is over.
Tony Ellis::The Kings are a team that has the personnel to put up a lot of points - unfortunately, they'd be like the Warriors from a few years ago, giving up a ton as well. But imagine if they brought in Kyle Korver and Andrea Bargnani, and went with a lineup of IT-Jimmer-Korver-Bargnani-Cousins every night? They'd lose a ton of 140-135 games. Considering that it's unlikely they are going anywhere this year, they might as well go that route, because they'll at least be REALLY, REALLY fun to watch while losing and getting a high draft pick.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Tony Ellis - Exactly, they have the shooters, they are more then capable of beating teams in fast breaks. They are running a "run and gun offense" unfortunately not making their shots. I think with time this can improve.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Surprised there is no comments yet, usually you have at least 1 the day prior. I guess i will be first lol. Given the fast paced run and gun game we had yesterday, i suspect we will see a very similar shoot em up game. Both teams need to cut down on TO and Fouls, otherwise it will be a close game again. Im curious to see how Cousins, Isaiah and Ben McLemore do this game, they were the only guys willing to take shots. Hopefully Kings can get there back to back W of the season.
Vladimir Tsalyuk::trust me they wont win tonight.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Vladimir Tsalyuk - You dont know that for sure. If kings play even a little bit better then yesterday, they will come away with the W by a larger margin. Lets see what happens !
Vladimir Tsalyuk::Ernest Bagdasaryan this is the nba. to win on the road u have to play twice as hard to win. if they play a little bit harder then yesterday phoenix will beat them by 20.
Scott Lau::I noticed all the comments that are in favor for Jimmer is from Utah. Heavily biased.
Joshua Hsu::and the 2nd of a back to back for both teams. why is hornacek making his team play so hard down the stretch in a lost game? just seems like foolish coaching while putting his players at risk.
Mello Marcello::jerry sloan
Russ Harris::Mello Marcello You Nailed It!
Chad Wiggins::It's incredible to see kings players other than fredette, Vasquez, and Hayes actually pass the ball, putting bull dog face Thornton on the bench is contagious
Justin Taslak::Best part of this game was Dionte Christmas finally getting his shot in the NBA, he was such an exciting (and clutch) player at Temple, wish him the best of luck.
Jerry Duford::wtf get your injury updates right Bledsoe is not playing espn and I started him over kevin martin because it says nothing about eric Bledsoe being out wtf
Jerry Duford::ik just kiddin just kinda stupid how they aint updating injuries
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Looks like Bledsoe is out this game, and due to his shoulder from yesterdays game, Cousins is 50/50. Even if he plays he might get limited minutes.
Tom Totosz::The worst I have ever seen a team play. Embarrassing. Phoenix players should have to pay the fans for their tickets tonight
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Tom totosz, i agree 100 percent ! People spent money to watch this !
Robert Ostrander::Bledsoe (shin) is not expected to play in Wednesday's game against the Kings, the Arizona Republic reports.
Chad Wiggins::Thomas is no point guard! He is shot starving pocket puller!!! He rarely ever passes unless it's the pass!!!
Nathan Towns::What?
Jacob Dockter::and that is game. just rest your players suns. you obviously have no concern at all for winning.
Tom Totosz::this is the real phoenix suns everybody. getting beat 2 days in a row by a very bad sacramento team
Eric Evans::lol it is not the real Phoenix Suns unless Eric Bledsoe is playing are you for real or just that not informed about injuries and good players.  It was easy to see the GM didn't play Bledsoe in an effort to lose these 2 games other wise the Suns dominate the King but the tank set in.  Bledsoe had no injury was just sat in an attempt to lose a few games.  Easy to see the Suns have the brightest future in the NBA w all the $ next year and draft picks and young talent.  Except for Len he is awful.
Tom Totosz::Eric Evans. hahaha welcome back eric. i love your team spirit brotha but this team is pretty bad. Losing to sacramento is the worst. Cousins is probably the only guy on the team that would start on another team in the nba. maybe isiah thomas too but sac doesnt even start him which is a mind blower to me.
Eric Evans::Tom Totosz actually Utah is the worst team in the league by far so wrong again and we in Phx don't really care if they win or lose this season losing just gets us to a higher pick and wins are always good.  But, your comment about them being one of the wort teams in the league is way off I can name at least 10 teams they are better than in 10 seconds, Utah, Portland, Denver, Boston, NO, Charolette, Milwaukee, Philly, Cleveland, Lakers and probably when Bledsoe plays Sacramento
Jake Pool::Holy $hit the suns have zero inside game,plumlee is in the league! Ya gotta be $hittin me
