Non-Offensive_ESPNUsername::When I read the headlines, I was secretly hoping it would have been about Chris Dudley
CandySparker::Close be still Nash and young
Pan6502::Are the Suns gonna make it to the playoffs?
Kobe Brick Bryant::Good wins suns. Lakers suck
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::No one can suck like yo mom'z Lmao
applegram613::Steve Nash is the man.
arizonasportsman::every sun win sucks. no hope of adding young talent.
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::But yo mom'z been everywhere Lmao.
Arizona_Sting::I hate that attitude, look where landing low in the lottery has gotten Washington, Charlotte, Sacramento, etc the past few years. Nowhere, why? Well because they are used to losing and its so tough to get that winning attitude back once you've been accustomed to losing for years, dont want the Suns to go down that road, win as many games as possible.
Kobe Brick Bryant::But the suns have been nowhere as well.
bustasports1::whos first for steals and blocks for sf's? lebron? igoudala? nonono JAMES JOHSNON sooooo underrated http://thesirdunkalot.blogspot.ca/2012/03/most-underrated-player-in-nba-by-far.html
Brooklyn5th::Steve Rondo
Stop that is a hate crime::Trayvon wishes Lebron had taken the last shot
Geo2043586::Down go the Hornets
bunksplace::Does Nash have arm problems because he's taken only four 3-point shots in the last 5 games?  In fact, he's taken only 34 shots total, including 16 in one game alone.
bellser21::Any NBA team that can't score 25+ pts/qtr or average 100 pts/game should not collect paychecks.
SaintsNO9::That's like over 75% of teams
P-FLinK::Suns fans sad to be most likely loosing Steve Nash? What team has the best fit for him? follow me on twitter! @pflink11
Btwixed::tough game vs the kings coming up will be surprised if the game doesnt come down to the last 5 minutes either way.
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::Don't have as much to say tonight but-  1 Glad the Suns won. GO SUNS!  2 Remember: Sports junkies rule and news hounds suck.
chucknorris32323::lol hornets stop playing........ this is not nba team smh
Danglehossa::Wide open 3, please hit... nope
TheLegend727::its over....gg suns backers
Johnmaddenisobvious2.0::Think Gortat is keeper worthy for next season?
Meet-The-Forkers::Kings next
TheLegend727::why is the entire suns lineup still in the game?  in to cover the line?
Btwixed::this is channings first good game this year he wants to relish it
TheLegend727::lol and they bring in gortat...wtf
Danglehossa::Chucking already. Its over $@%
Danglehossa::Who else took Orleans and thought plus 10 was a lock
ratso1::lot of points, scary wager
TheLegend727::not over yet
Johnmaddenisobvious2.0::take notes lakers, a team not even in the playoffs can blow out new orleans
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Take notes Suns, a team that's in the playoffs. Win more games to get in the playoffs.
Danglehossa::Channing Frye scoring when i bet against him. $@%! happens all the time
Johnmaddenisobvious2.0::the suns can blow out the hornets at home but the lakers cant? OVERRATED
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Yea ok like the suns haven't been blown out by a team or any other team for that matter puke hole. Stop putting extras on it because its the Lakers you dud. And to the other dud I doubt you can defend yourself let alone the Lakers lol.
Btwixed::we have 3 days rest and this is the tail end of a back to back for them. go play in traffic
Btwixed::lol dont apologize i told you to play in traffic, which is quite rude. as long as we agree the lakers and their bandwagon fanbase suck.
Johnmaddenisobvious2.0::haha my bad man, i mistook you for a lakers fan  my sincere apologies
Btwixed::i refuse to defend the lakers ever. so you win this arguement
Johnmaddenisobvious2.0::lmao what was the excuse for needing OT to beat them?  and common sense, something a laker fan doesnt have
Btwixed::its called common sense
Johnmaddenisobvious2.0::you travel with the team?
Danglehossa::Kwame Brown&gt; Kaman
Bob Rizzi::how bad will this suns team be if nash leaves
roncahalan::The worst team in the league. I like the suns but they have nobody without him. They need to absolutely blow for one year just to get a pg in the draft. Their problem is they never suck enough to rebuild but they have been in a rebuilding stage for a few years now.
Arizona_Sting::Im out... going to the Dbacks board. Go Suns!
Blitherpolecat::pirates world series
Sullinger is Whack::How is this brean  er on an NBA team
Arizona_Sting::Lopez says GTFO
sports billy::final score here hornets 70 suns 77, these caunts cant score
Btwixed::game isnt over yet
Bostoner1212::not even a close assumption...it'll be a 20 pt game
sports billy::just disheartened by the lack of punch from both teams in not scoring.
Arizona_Sting::dude. what?
Arizona_Sting::I hate Sarver
papipizza5225::Suns = D-League Team + Steve Nash.   Fire Sarver.
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::Spurs fans suck.
TheLegend727::Hornets cover 10.5
Arizona_Sting::Bench team at its finest....
XXXGOLDIEXXX::AZ you asked for stats earlier about my comment about the worst bench in the NBA... PLEASE look at the box score +/-
Arizona_Sting::That wasnt me that asked
sports billy::can the hornets go on a run here?
Blitherpolecat::N.O would beat Kentucky 100-68
Bostoner1212::No they would not. They suucccck
Blitherpolecat::Im telling you, way to big ans strong!
Sam_Bradley717295::draft a new team every day in daily fantasy   Great NBA tournaments every day: http://bit.ly/HATV1W
Arizona_Sting::We ballin', but we all know what it's really all about... Dbacks gonna win it all this year!
TheLegend727::lol @ calling a foul when the hornets have a clear putback...    I dont get why the refs are rigging this game vs an already horrible team
Sullinger is Whack::Remember when the suns could actually shoot
littlebabylalash::21 Fts to 3.............LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL  Tim Donaghy's legacy continues.....  Referees when on the road, take prostitutes, take drugs........How do they pay for it without leaving a money trail? Call games so the pimps and drug dealers they do business with, are paid.........  This is a classic example or pure cheating....While the Suns get FT's, the Hornets get offensive fouls called on them.....  $@%!$@% CHEATS
Sullinger is Whack::No dude hornets not going to basket and I want hornets to win, jack should have been penetrating to hoop all night and refused too
Metro2010::http://www.hornetsreport.com/HRForums/attachment.php?attachmentid=3573&amp;d=1333334471
TheLegend727::can the hornets break 20 points in a quarter?
Bostoner1212::This game is stupid. This season is stupid, NBA is dumb as shiiit this year and teams like the hornets dont help.
Orange602::Childress showing that he is totally worth the money the Suns are paying him this year
TheLegend727::smh...Hornets are bad AND unlucky.
kornival::3 FT for hornets, 21 for suns? ok david stern, can we criticize the refs now?
Arizona_Sting::CHILDRESSS!!!!
