hansal24::i went to the game it was awesome and yes bynum had 29 and 13 and kobe had 17 10 and 9 but the real player of the game was DANILO GALINARI for choking on that lay up with one second left and the whole stadium went bananas
ACandOJ::Something different that I have seen out of the Lakers so far this year is hustle....combined with some talent &amp; it could be a good season.
Hair Clippers LA::It's one game and you have all crowned Bynum as this years King Center.
schellyboy56::1-2.. does that ring a bell in your head somehow?
Hair Clippers LA::Not at all.
tommygtaa::streaming games tonight on www.mynbatv.com free high quality streamings ! JOIN US and HAPPY NEW YEAR GUYS
truetotheend::and if the lakers lose tonight they will be .500  oh well
ChristinaVazquez1::Why dont you wait a couple weeks to judge the clippers that would be good to
biglump41::It looks like it would be so easy for Kobe to avg.7-10 apg with this team.I still get the sense that the patience and trust for his teamates is still not quite where it should be at this point in his career especially with the injury.Kobe's my guy  i'm just hoping he will soon get as much joy out of teammates scoring as he does for himself........well ...maybe 60-40.
boom.shaka.::So why do Lakers fans get so excited about Bynum anyway?
Michael70532::Lakers should have lost anyway Nuggets gave it to them
ShiloInn1985::Nuggets got intimidated bro. They were missing dunks and layups even with Bynum out. That shows his defensive footprint.  Dont hate the Lakers for being in your teams head. There's a good reason for that.
Hair Clippers LA::But they didn't.
rufio247::They didn't show the Clutch block he had on Nene with 2 mins left than ran full court to get layup; W/o Bynum, lakers would have lost this game.
Zonker40::I dunno, why would anyone be happy with 29 and 13 out of a player?  Obviously he should have had 40 and 25.
NBAOverseer::@Michael Bibby, is ANDRE BYNUM STILL A BUM TO YOU?  LOL
New Jet Fan 44::Best EFFORT by a Laker team in years.....the execution will get better. The defense has been great due to the fact the bigs are really getting back in transition D.....thus the turnovers are not hurting as much. The hustle plays by Fisher and Blake at the end of the game were tremendous. That said an upgrade at point guard still is necessary to win it all. Cmon Phoenix ...set Steve Nash free....take the Lakers trade exception and Waltons expiring contract for him and set yourself up for free agency next year plus give Nash a shot at a ring...he deserves it. His dribble penetration and passing would make the Lakers the "lob city" team at Staples!
ShiloInn1985::Hair Clippers?  lmao
Hair Clippers LA::Don't know if there is room for two lob cities at the Staples!
rufio247::I would love steve nash even tho hes old
cucaking4LA::Wow, new look Laker defense really clicking. If they can stay healthy (especially Bynum's knee's), sky's the limit.
YankeesSteelersLakers::andrew bynum &gt; your teams center
Zonker40::Unless you live in Orlando yeah... if his knees hold up he's a force.
PhillyFlya::Miami t.ards and Heat hussies come over here trolling  lol
PhillyFlya::If Bynum gets hurt again, i think that will be the breaking point for the Lakers.  No pun intended.
ShiloInn1985::They can still play .550 ball or better w/o him. But without him in the playoffs? Lights out for L.A.
echav15::If kobe wants to pass the ball he can get 10 assists...if Kobe wants to score he will get 30+...it matters which Kobe you will get
rufio247::Kobe did have 9 assist in this game. 1 shy of a triple double.
Clenbutador::correction:  If Kobe wants to score 30+, he needs to shoot 31+ times.
junjunm3::Hopefully Bynum keeps this up so come the trade deadline, Orlando won't have to ask for Gasol along with him. Bynum and the trade exception and whatever other pieces and not Gasol might be good for the Magic then.
playsumD::I think the way Bynum played yesterday and looking at his upside.... Bynum and Gasol for Howard is too much to give away for the Lakers.
hatenorv::too bad stern would block that trade because hes a dick
BlackNSilverNation::Lakers are not a bad team...They are playing better D under Brown They could be a top 3 seed in the west... Bynum reminds me of Mcfadden always hurt if you can trade him for Howard straight up...................DO IT!
polobaby37::judge bynum against the "elite" teams: miami/okc/bulls..................just like "gasoft"--------he NORMALLY shows up against the "weaker" clubs!lol!
rufio247::You forget that when Bynum was healthy last season; he dominated D12 in the matchup.
Rex_Facts::@polobaby37, Spin doctors UNITE....
BlackNSilverNation::This from a dude with Polo in his screen name ...LMFAO
polobaby37::mj and SHAQ------never would have got along.................mj NEVER would have tolerated derek fisher either............................derek 'owes' his ENTIRE career to 'bean' bryant..............PERIOD!
Rex_Facts::The world of conjecture...  This guy will probably blow himself up one day.  #JS
nba is the worst::so dumb
Chicagocold312::all i have to say is this when the Lakers do good it's good for the entire NBA so i root for them unless they play my Bulls. I'm not buying into this Lob City crap.
Chicagocold312::Ok judging from what bynum did yesterday do you try and work a deal for D12 now or keep him? Because if it wasn't for bynum the lakers lose that game last night.
junjunm3::Yes you still make that deal. If Bynum keeps this up, then the Magic might be less inclined to ask for Pau to go along with him.
outdasticcs1::If they don't get better definsively at point guard, they'll need D12's defense more than Bynum's offense
xenakicksbutt::i see the lakers trashing OKC in the WC finals, kobe will show why KD is his step son. kobe playing great avg 28ppg 6asst 6rebs  33yrs old with torn shooting hand. kobe only needs about 6-8 points to reach 28,000 career points there has only been 6 other player to do that
outdasticcs1::I love the Lakers, but the point guard problem is going to kill us again I can feel it. CP3 almost eliminated us by himself and Bynum was so tired of seeing JJ Barea in the lane he just cold cocked him. I hope you are right but Fisher is way past his prime and Blake is garbage. I'd rather see the rookies getting experience at the point.
xenakicksbutt::i see the lakers trashing OKC in the WC finals, kobe will show why KD is his step son. kobe playing great avg 28ppg 6asst 6rebs  33yrs old with torn shooting hand. kobe only needs about 6-8 points to reach 28,000 career points there has only been 6 other player to do that
Syrindge::It really is a shame Bynum's knees are made of glass. He is a legit 5 with great skill.
rufio247::Thanks to training from Kareem
Daniela South Beach::Kobe's FG% is so low Vanessa touches herself while thinking of LeBron.
PhillyFlya::fail
xenakicksbutt::suck a bone daniela, how u like that comment.
xenakicksbutt::suck a bone daniela, how u like that comment.
winters999::thank you ma'am
winters999::thinking of lebron only gets her 3 quarters of the way to finishing the job.  she thinks of kobe the get the job done.
Daniela South Beach::I'm liking your comment because that was a creative retort.  Well done, sir!
antgant::i know it is early, so anything being said must be taken lightly, however.... how is it that in all three laker wins, the losing teams all took more freethrows than the lakers? i will bet if one looked at other teams that are winning and that stat is reversed. it used to be if you the better team ( at least on paper) , you got the calls, especially at home. it seems the lakers are still getting screwed by stern.
guster3455::lakers aren't going to the basket
cbhb2::Umm......... How did dinillo Gallinari miss a wide-open game winning layup at the buzzer. Even i would have made that.
rufio247::Excuse his stupidity
JBLAZE0822::If im not mistaken, the layup would have tied the ball game not win it.
tigg_43::Dwight who?
milw-jay::Wow. Bynum. Wow.   I guess maybe LA doesnt need D Howard after all....
JEGRAY53::Time will tell AB is 24.
cbhb2::Andrew Bynum had a great game but D Howard is still the best center in the league!
Samjc78::Kobe, 6-18........standard, terrible, pathetic, selfish...................
xenakicksbutt::6-18 with some easyones missed, dont forget the 10rebs 9asst he had you stupid f..u..c..k.. boy
xenakicksbutt::6-18 with some easyones missed, dont forget the 10rebs 9asst he had you stupid f..u..c..k.. boy
super red espresso snowflake::"Kobe, 6-18........standard, terrible, pathetic, selfish..........."  That's the title of Mike Brown's LA memoirs.  In stores Fall 2012.  (with a foreword by Phil Jackson)
CosmoKramer1444::Yes he wasn't averaging 27 before that or anything.
RocForceOne::Cool Story bro
Road dog Red::awwww...it just works out that the Fakers played all their gamnes without Bynum at HOME and even his first one, would not have been without the league reducing it to four after the schedule was already out, at HOME...just a co-incidence  and yeah... Sacremento is a 1/2 hour plane ride away...so thats still HOME... freaking Fakers...bet no other TEAM has had this type of scheduling.... cmon...who wants to bet me????...i hear CRICKETS
ShiloInn1985::C'mon dude. You're better than this. Celtics are on hard times but they should bounce back and be ready to crack the 7th or 8th seed. And I'm not being insulting as a Laker fan. That's really where they could slot this year. Hell, Lakers could fall as far as 6th or 7th if they dont measure themselves out and learn to brake and accelerate at the right times. But to call out our schedule?......Just weak, hating sauce man.
rufio247::Don't feed the troll
RocForceOne::Road Dog Red is always the idiot so far he hasn't said anything about the C's January schedule. What a joke he is
Road dog Red::Hmmmm...stupid...idiot...you have sum anger issues eh...feel bbetter now....BUTT...if yer playing three games in4 nighte..it HELPS to play in at HOME..homey....sorry to busst yer inlayed bubble of lknowledge...but that is NOT idiocy of stupid...just a fact...and the favorability  the FAKERS get that foolish over emotionalized muttons often do not want to come to grips wih mirrror time
rackem_smackemm::No anger, just stating simple facts. You're a proven idiot. Happy New Year.
Road dog Red::You win the "Employee of the Day" award. But c,,mon   San Antonio is Faker jr....so it stands to reason...it would be those two teams
rackem_smackemm::No, idiot. It's because the Spurs have the National Rodeo later in the year &amp; the Lakers have the Grammy Awards in their buildings. Stop being stupid. Everybody plays the same amount of home &amp; road games when the season is over.
rackem_smackemm::Crickets still???
rackem_smackemm::San Antonio had 3 outta 4 at home. The other one was at Houston. Plus, 6 of their first 8 at home. What do I win? Put up or shut up.
RocForceOne::Are you still crying??? Man you are one sorry @ss Celtics fan....actually you never were one. And here's a fun fact for you: Celtics January schedule has them 11 HOME games against 5 ROAD games in a total of 16 games through the month of January. Stop using the schedule as an excuse you make the Celtics fan base look like a huge joke
Footlong Flanagan::If Bynum's legs can stay healthy for an entire season, i'd rather have him in the post than Dwight Howard, especially if he plays with the same vigor and anger he displayed against Denver. January 20th, the Lakers and Bynum play Orlando and Howard and it's gong to be an awesome match up. The winner gets to play in LA!
Eviz78::Don't be silly! Dwight &gt; Bynum
nba is the worst::Not at the ft line
Chicagocold312::Ok i see that the Lake Show is still the best ticket in town and not Lob City...
Footlong Flanagan::Barkley is a blow hard and that's why TNT keeps him around.  Up Chuck should stick to what he know's best....EATIN'!
winters999::the obituary for the lakers was written right after the two preseason game vs. the clippers.   then the actual season started and we found out that the lakers are still pretty good.  no matter what barkely says.
nba is the worst::Antistratfordaria confuses physical skills honed by repetition with mental ability.  There's a big difference!
A-led24::http://www.nbablast.com/
Bala88::Could the lakers make a deep play-off push if Chris Mihm returned?
CosmoKramer1444::KWAME! KWAME! KWAME!
Footlong Flanagan::Mihm's the word! WTF happened to that guy?
winters999::honing his craft deep in the heart of china.
Zonker40::Where's Smush these days?
lord rustin::How come every year the Lakers schedule favors them over other teams, they played 4 home games and road game that was close. This happens every year and they usually go on the road for the month of Febuary. While other teams are flying all over the country the whole season.
Footlong Flanagan::It doesn't matter little fella, they all play an even amount of home and road games throughout the season. Worry about something like world hunger, this is no big deal.
winters999::the first team to play 3 consecutive games -- and we already have haters crying about the lakers getting a favorable schedule?
nba is the worst::Sure - nothing favors an old team with a new coach than starting with a B2B2B...  Just think - they might have had to play a depressed defending champ who's owner didn't bring back the team to defend their title, a team without their starting SF, the Bobcats, and the Twolves!
Dented_rim::They would have to travel twice as many miles if they had to play a schedule like say the Pacers do - traveling with that many people gets expensive - Portland and all the other coast teams do the same thing. I always thought the Thunder had pretty easy schedules - but every team has parts that are easier than others.
antistratfordian::Laker fans will tell you it has something to do with scheduling around other events at Staples Center.
antistratfordian::I'll be honest.  I do see a scenario where the Lakers meet the Heat in the Finals.  The score will be settled once and for all as LeBron and Miami clobber the Lakers 4-0 with The King winning Finals MVP and Kobe crying on his way back to the locker room.  I've seen it already.. it's some 2012 Mayan sh*t... I've seent it!
Footlong Flanagan::Thank you Mr. Psychic!
winters999::if the lakers were to beat the heat in the finals -- kobe would have a legit claim to the GOAT.  kareem still has that title followed by mj.
antistratfordian::I think you might be right.  But the Thunder have 4th quarter issues and are still quite young.
Frankiedimes::With the Lakers current roster, I don't see them getting past the Thunder!
Zonker40::I'm not worried, Russell Westbrook invariably starts taking shots.
antistratfordian::I desperately want to see it.  I want nothing more than for the Heat to beat the Lakers in the Finals.
Zonker40::I'd kind of like to see that scenario myself now... would be a whole bunch of matchup nightmares up and down the court.  Kobe and Wade couldn't stop each other, a healthy Bynum would dominate inside, LeBron would be able to do anything he wanted unless Metta all of a sudden plays defense like he did two years ago against Durant and Pierce and even then... and of course Bosh and Gasol are close to being a wash.  Would be very entertaining.
Bala88::Is Luke Walton underrated?
Footlong Flanagan::If Bill Walton wasn't his daddy, Luke would be working at a Jumba Juice!
Dented_rim::The Jordan rules ruined basketball - before Jordan there were no super star calls - Larry Bird got the same calls as Joe Nobody. Like I said I like LeBron, but he doesn't come close to knowing the game like Magic did. In Magic's first year guys keep missing his passes - so he started throwing the ball at their head - they didn't miss his passes after that...lol. Magic knew to start his drives from the side so he had more options with a better angle - LeBron still hasn't figured that out. With Magics team he had super stars all around him but there was never any question as to who should be directing the flow of the game like there is betwen LeBron and Wade - no indecision, because they all played under guys like John Wooden and Dean Smith - so they knew where to be and when. I wish you guys could see good team basketball, it has nothing to do with me being stubborn - I was spoiled by getting to see good hoops, and you guys should demand the same of todays players.  As far as someone saying the game wasn't popular back then; the Sonics averaged over 30,000 fans a season when they played in the Kingdome.  I'd also like to say there are not nearly as many quality point guards now as there was then. The Big O and Magic could post up any point guard today. You forget - we were the Baby Boom generation - there were so many good American players that you didn't even need players from other countries. The NBA today is lucky to have one power forward who is an enforcer today - we had dozens like Mo Lucas, the Mailman, Lonnie Shelton, guys who would destroy the skinny runts they got a power forward today.
Dented_rim::We only had like 5 TV channels - so when a game was on, it was a major deal. Sorry you never got to see Bill Walton in his prime. Jabbar against Walton was far bigger than any center match up today. All players went to 4 years of college and learned to play under coaches like John Wooden, they were ready to play when they got to the NBA...every player had brains like Tim Duncan. Now half the NBA is 20 years old (because the owners are too cheap to keep vets). Ask Charles Barkley if the game today is anything like it was then - it drives him crazy to watch bad basketball. Magic Johnson was LeBron with brains...and he was clutch, not like LeBron who disappears at the end. Guys like Dirk and a healthy Duncan were the norm back then, now it's just rat ball, anyone can play rat ball, and since half the NBA never played more than a year of college - rat ball is all we get.
nba is the worst::Players with "historically elite" basketball minds don't just lose them in the Finals.
Zonker40::I daresay the point guard position is deeper than at any point in the league's history...
Zonker40::Same with Wade... Wade is an all-time great.  And Kobe is easily the match of anybody when it comes to footwork, balance, work ethic and toughness.
Zonker40::Whatever, there aren't any great center matchups anymore because for whatever reason not enough guys who can play center are being born.  Shaq was as physically dominant as any who ever played, is it his fault no good competition existed anywhere on planet Earth?
antistratfordian::Yeah, well there are plenty of old timers who will tell you that they believe LeBron's basketball IQ to be at an all-time great level - up there with Magic, Jordan, Bird, etc.  I'm talking about Dolph Schayes, John Havlecik, Jerry Lucas, Rick Berry, Julius Erving...  all of them rave about LeBron's basketball mind as being historically elite.  So, honestly, I think you're just being stubborn.
Dented_rim::LeBron isn't a point forward, like I said, team basketball doesn't exist today. That Blazer team would run circles around any team today. They never dribbled, and since there was no 3 point shot, they worked toward the hoop constantly - teams today shoot half their shots falling away at the buzzer (total bail out, give up shots). JJ has two rings from different teams - how many does LeBron have? I like LeBron but he plays in an era that stinks at knowing how to play the game.
Zonker40::Sigh... I'm 41 and white and I get really upset every time someone acts like the league is nothing but a bunch of dunking athletes with no fundamentals or basketball IQ... if anything it's more like baseball now in that there's a lot more specialization.  These are very, very skilled guys.
antistratfordian::^ what's the old saying?  "if it were that easy...", you know the rest.  And it applies to the Heat as well, obviously.
Zonker40::Call him whatever you want... Mike Brown loved to use LeBron as his point.  It wasn't the triangle offense though, it was the line offense.  Give the ball to LeBron and get the hell out of his way... dude compiled so many stats because he was half ball hog by design and half incredible passer.  But what was he doing?  Driving to the basket and either taking the shot or kicking it out to the guys behind the three-point line... even Big Z would go out to 17 feet to clear out the lane for him.
antistratfordian::The game today is built upon the game from the past.  It is an evolution of the same game, not two separate versions.  And obviously there were issues with the game in the 70s because no one watched it then.  Rule changes led to more popularity... higher degree of difficulty shots (Jordan) led to an enormous boost in popularity.  So whether or not that was the way the game was meant to be played... that doesn't matter because the public doesn't prefer that version of the game.  And LeBron plays point forward every single game.
Zonker40::Of course he's underrated... nobody could be as bad as we fans think he is.
Dented_rim::Best point forward of all time was Johnny Johnson. Best passing team ever was the 77 Trailblazers - if you never saw that team pass, you never saw basketball the way it was meant to be played. Johnson went on to the Sonics and made all the difference in the world their championship year...damn I miss team basketball.
antistratfordian::John Johnson may have been the first, but LeBron James smokes him as a point forward.
flopsisback::Not really....he may have turned into a solid (not great) point forward if he hadn't had chronic nerve issues in his back, but we'll never know.
Go Laker Nation::Black Mamba is solidified as the best player of this era
Footlong Flanagan::Are you on drugs?
motavation69::mickey jodain fool
CosmoKramer1444::"Mickey Jodain" played in the last era.
antistratfordian::...says the fella named "Go Laker Nation".
flopsisback::Pau needs to step up his leadership abilities, or GTFO...I'm tired of watching our offense and defense fall apart as soon as Kobe and Fish sit.
Footlong Flanagan::YOUR offense? Do you own the Lakers? Are you Jerry Buss posing as Flopsisback?
flopsisback::Maybe Pau needs to lean on that experience...while he's at it, maybe he can also find his defense that he lost a year ago.
motavation69::pau couldn't lead spain to a eurobasket...wait
antistratfordian::Look at your roster, dude.  Suckage everywhere.
flopsisback::We'll see...
antistratfordian::Your offense and defense falls apart because your team sucks.
Frankiedimes::Can any of you Laker fans tell me why Luke Walton is still on the Lakers' roster?
Footlong Flanagan::You can thank Luke's daddy Bill who probably begs the Lakers to keep his son as the 12th man!  Bill Walton and Mitch Kupcake are buddies going way back to their college days.
flopsisback::Hehehe
Dented_rim::Aubrey McClendon steals from old farmers, but people still praise the OKC Thunder...lmao.
Dented_rim::So he was a discount Jesus? Who has the time to go looking for hate...real spirituality comes from with in - not from some icon.
flopsisback::LOL...Che Guevarra, the "freedom fighter". Dude tortured and murdered thousands, yet gets praised by people who either don't know the whole story, or aren't picky about methods.
Dented_rim::wasn't Che what Phil Jackson was all about? Hardly see what that has to do with anything...I don't remember the Great Chi Crusades killing anyone...lol.
flopsisback::Hell, I was glad to get rid of Morrison just on principle...anyone who supports Che can kiss my a**.
Dented_rim::I would have kept Adam Morrison over Walton - at least Adam can still run. Walton's Grateful Dead skellies tattoo can run faster than he can.
Frankiedimes::Thanks.
flopsisback::Still valuable as a coach for the young guys, especially for passing...and he can eat garbage time. He really doesn't count that much towards the cap, certainly not enough to send him down to D-League. Only get one of those for this CBA.
zgyman::Lamar Odom is shooting 13% from the field and 8% from three.  LOL
Footlong Flanagan::Lamar Odom has always been a head case and the Lakers did the right thing getting rid of him. The only man who could keep Lamar from exploding was Phil Jackson. With Phil out of the picture, there was no one to keep him chilled. You're seeing the way he would have played for Mike Brown now in Dallas. You can bet he'll be laying in a corner in the fetal position sucking his thumb at some point this season.
motavation69::http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xfiqt_pink-floyd-echoes-2001-a-space-odys_music
A Red Stapler::Give it some time. He'll snap out of it, Celtics fan. Did you slam dunk that ball in your pic? Ha
A Red Stapler::I remember when the Clippers were 1-0 and the Lakers were 0-1 and Clip fans were already hard talking. Hmmm.
Footlong Flanagan::The Clippers have always been $@%! and will always be $@%!....period, end of story!
Zonker40::Those weren't Clippers fans, those were Lakers haters.
Damn Mods 9330::I must have that stapler.......
SEC OWNS USA::SEC SEC SEC... WE OWN BIACHES
Footlong Flanagan::OH SEC ME!
A Red Stapler::Too bad football is the only thing the SEC is good at.
CosmoKramer1444::Yeah they don't have the best basketball program of all time or anything. CoughUKCough
Damn Mods 9330::You don't own shi<b></b>t bro. Just because you root for a conference instead of a team don't make you any better. You're just a bandwagon.
Damn Mods 9330::We found SEC OWNS USA!!!!! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8jgGK4NJ8Hk&amp;feature=related
Damn Mods 9330::SEC OWNS USA is just another fat piece of sh<b></b>it who has nothing going on in life and so all he does is roots for the SEC because they are good right now. He's worse than those fa<b></b>ggot as<b></b>s bandwagon fans. He's a little b<b></b>itch. COME AT ME BRO!
niteride76::it is unbelievable how stupid some of the people who post on these boards are!  even the thought that there is such a thing as a champion in college football is dumb enough in itself, but sec fans are truly as dumb as they come!  you got to love it.
Damn Mods 9330::I have nothing to be jealous about "bruh." Life if bigger than college sports. I suggest you get one.
SEC OWNS USA::U SUCK BRUH... U JEALOUS OF THE SEC... HHAHA ....WE OWN MOTHA FAUKA
motavation69::remember when the machines were taking over in 2000?
SEC OWNS USA::SEC TAKING OVER 1 DAY AT A TIME..... SEC SEC SEC FOOTBALL./.... LETS PRAY NBA DISAPPEARS FOR GOOD... SEC SEC SEC
SEC OWNS USA::SEC SEC SEC... NBA SUCKS
ryanbender_33::drank my $@% off just in case.
motavation69::me too
SEC OWNS USA::sec sec sec football biaches........... nba goin out of business..
Footlong Flanagan::The NBA is goin' out of business huh?  Sheet man, you've never been in business!
ryanbender_33::Forrest Gump fan.
ryanbender_33::what the hell is fotball.  Are you a canadian trying to be funny?
Damn Mods 9330::He thinks the Confederacy is still relevant.
SEC OWNS USA::FOOTBALL OWNS THIS COUNTRY.. SEC OWNS FOTBALL
Damn Mods 9330::You're a fuc<b></b>king ret<b></b>ard. Go on your yellow bus b<b></b>itch.
ryanbender_33::you own nothing
SEC OWNS USA::SEC BIACHES...WE OWN
Damn Mods 9330::Get the fu<b></b>ck outta here you piece of sh<b></b>it mother fuc<b></b>king bi<b></b>tch.
ryanbender_33::boom...good reply damn mods idiot
motavation69::pull my finger
Footlong Flanagan::suck my $@%!$@%!
ryanbender_33::no thanks.  bynum might rip my head off.
