Josh Schwartz::Ah, Charlotte and New Orleans. It's always amusing when these two teams play, for obvious reasons. I'm honestly baffled that the Pelicans are 0-2, when they were supposed to be pretty good this season and even be fighting for a wildcard spot. I guess that just goes to show that you need more than just big-name players to win in the league. The Bobcats played very well against Houston, and then pulled out a win over the improved Cavaliers, so I think they'll beat New Orleans here. Bobcats win 103-95.
Joni Jason Acuff::Wild Card NFL
Drew L. Chandler::Joni Acuff  I stopped reading when he said Wildcard
Cody Perin::Anthony Davis is legit people!! Been saying since his historical year at Kentucky.
Anthony Wing::ok. youre an oracle. can we watch him play in peace now?
Dana Di Dio::I'm sorry but the peicans? Really that's the best name for New Orleans??  That's just sad!
Anthony Wing::itll grow on ya. if not than youll be like me--wishing the wild would just change their name to the north stars. pelicans..
Max Azzopardi::The Pelicans name is really starting to grow in me. At first when I heard it I literally ran into my room crying because I was so ashamed to be from New Orleans. But the more I think about it the more I realize how powerful of a creature the Pelican is. For instance, a male pelican forcibly fornicates with a female pelican on a daily basis. All I know is that the Pelican way is the only way.
Daniel Tuggle::I agree with the Announcers 3rd Team NBA isn't out of the reach for Anthony Davis This Season... He will keep getting better and better It's fun to watch and Basketball fans need to pay attention
Anthony Wing::yeah they need more davis on tv. itll come soon now.
Casiano Servaz Tubana III::Looks like the Pelicans will come away with their first win.. and a free fries too that's a PLUS +++
Colin Uza::Looks like Davis is pretty legit at this point.
T.c. Brown::This year the Cats will be at the least in contention for a playoff spot. They not your well known NBA stars, these lottery picks they've made all work extremely hard and have potential to be great in areas of their games. Biyombo can be an elite defender. Kemba is one of the best at creating his own shot and ball handling. MKG for his size is an excellent rebounder and can be an elite defender. Zeller is a 7 footer with great athleticism and high basketball IQ. These picks will begin paying off this season. When they are the Hornets again, they will for certain be in the playoffs. But stop sleeping on them this year ESPN like they won't be a competitive team. You constantly rank teams just like Cleveland as so much better when the truth is they are on the same level until proven otherwise.
Justin Sprouse::Kemba walker is clutch lol. The bobcats played very well without Al Jefferson. Bismack Bioymbo played amazing on deffence stoopping bynum and he scored pretty good. Cody Zeller played better. He made some very good dunks and he can make the mid range jumper. Bobcats are going to win 94 - 87 over hornets
Anthony Wing::not hornets yet---why wait i dont know...my bad. im just gonna call them the hornets too. its so easy to disagree on here.....
Sammy Kane::Wow, the Pelicans looked good. Everything was flowing for them today. Also, Anthony Davis can fill up the stat sheet. He looked like a dominant center and is for real. He looks much improved and looks to be even more dominant.
Anthony Wing::and hes great at free throws..
Jason McRoberts::Have no idea why Pelicans favored by 8.5. It's a must win game for the Pelicans however, they were abominable and offensive in their first two games. Not sure what has changed to make them better.
Jason McRoberts::Blew a 16 point half time lead in game 1, and didn't show up @ Orlando, looked dead, but their problems go deeper than just bringing more effort. While the Bobcats are coming off an impressive home win over the Cavs. Pelicans should be a 3-4 point favorite only.
Tim Hutton::Jason McRoberts Do you know why now?
Chris Louie::The New Orleans Po Boy Jambalaya Mardi Gras Dr John Freakout Show, now that's a name! Forget "pelicans".
Phil Stephens::What a game for Anthony Davis. He's going to quickly become one of the best big men in the league. 6 steals? Unreal.
Casiano Servaz Tubana III::Pelicans will find a way to blow this game but I hope I'm wrong though..
Daniel Tuggle::No they won't
Paul Mantz::bah, Davis is so close to the 5x5, one assist shy.
Anthony Wing::and 2 assists shy of leading his team in all 5 major cateragories: points rebounds steal blocks and assists. how old is he?
Phil Stephens::Anthony Wing- He's 20. The sky is the limit for Davis. It won't be quite as fun for me as watching him dominate at UK, but his NBA career is going to be remarkable to watch too.
Jo Carter::Anthony Davis close to a five-by-five
Jo Carter::just needs one assist and one block in the next 17 minutes. Book it!
Jo Carter::ah so close!
Jamari Reed::Poor Rivers, no PT wat so ever
Daniel Doyle::is jefferson playing
