Andrew::Hey Knick Fan You wanted Raymond Felton back you got him. He is not a good PG, never was. Can't defend the other teams PG This is an issue.  The big Mecca of Basketball. Who wanted Felton over Lin. Why? Even if your fawking roster was full. It won't matter, your team sucks.  You have a fat PG, not husky, chubby. You have a PF trying to play Center. And Anthony is not your problem, he can score and rebound. Put the right pieces around him and you did not do this. So you blame him?  Please - until you can actually attempt to defend the other teams PG. Your going to get destroyed all season. And that is on Felton. Chasing the other teams PG around like he is lost or on skates.
Cornholio::Once free agency rolls around this summer, I wonder if even Utah will want Carmelo Anthony!
Darth Apollyon::Did the Knicks stopped playing or something?  One thing is getting blown out like this by the Heat or another elite team, a whole another is getting beat by this Celtics team, that although talented is mostly a rebuilding team.  This is absurd.
Knicks Tape::This team should be ashamed of themselves. You come to play at MSG regardless of the time. The fans don't get half off the price during noon games. Sickening performance. Wake up Knicks--get some spirit...it's becoming really sad and even loyal fans can't defend you anymore.
Von Doom::Once a upon a time, the Knicks dominated in MSG. Loosing 5 or less games out of 41 games every year during the Riley era. The team riled up the crowd and vice versa. Don't know if its motivation, but this is a joke. The Knicks lackadaisical attitude is atrocious. They expected the Celtics to lay down having won two straight in dominating fashion. Down by 20 in your own home after the 1st quarter? Gimme a break. When the opposing team puts up a shot, put a hand up!!!
Jersey Boy::The New York Chump Chucker's today decided to take the day off. Despite the fact that the Garden was sold out for an afternoon matinee. As a season ticket holder of 4 tkts, having to pay $30 each time we visit MSG for Parking, $13 toll for the Lincoln Tunnel, $100 to $150 every game food & drink and a few Knick Jerseys and other Knick trinkets over the season; think we are entitled to a full refund for watching this #$%$. Hey Dolan, fix the problem. It's an embarrassment. My clients are not interested in coming during the work week & my kids are losing interest on Friday nights / weekends. It's a joke. This team is a train wreck.
Steven McCormick::Somebody's booty got whooped.
Larry S::NY management should never have hired Woodson.  His main offense in Atlanta was iso-Joe.  Why would they think that he would evolve in NY, especially with a player who defines isolation.
Jirka Hromada::After 29 minutes, Boston's PG has as many rebounds as NYK starting 5. History in the making.
A B::This man Woodson could be good in some other trade. But coaching really requires some brain.
