great blue one::next year
mrkosci::Jordan should stick to golfing...
greatestyang::I'm just passing by, so this is the game where they try to see who can score less, right?
KevinHakansson::So other than Denny Hamlin, did anyone go to this game?
rag63top::Sooooo, if the Bobcats get first pick they will take Davis, right? Then what? They keep tanking for draft picks? Where do you guys think the Bobcats will wind up moving to?
Rdhutchi::Eric Gordon is a stud
Rdhutchi::Best dunk montage I've seen in a while Check this out if you love dunks!!!!!!!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wDc-di5kIek
rag63top::Charlotte does know that the worst team has hardly ever won the #1 lottery pick in the history of the draft, right?
JDunifon3::wat?  It's happened like 4 times since 1990
soccergarcon::No $@%! sherlock, because the team never has over a 50% chance to win the #1 pick
rag63top::4 times???? Not even close. Actually the current for of the lottery system that is used was revised in 1993. Since that time 1 team has gained 1st pick after having the worst rank. Cleveland also got 1st pick, but were tied for 1st worst, which mad the odds of one of the worst teams higher (45% chance one of the two teams would get it). Which shows that in reality, the odds are in favor of a team other then the worst team will win 1st pick.
jsn23nc::Cant wait till the draft!!! So, so yall punks cant hate even more on Charlotte.
texasrocks123456::This was with out a doubt the funniest board i've ever read. Thank you Charlotte and New Orleans for making us remember you one last time this season.
texasrocks123456::Im so jealous of the fans that went to this game. A 12-8 third quarter? My middle school games were higher scoring than that.
BeMilwaukee3::Bobcats are D-League bound. Nuff said
CTthunder860::Kemba had more talent around him last year at uconn, the rest of this team is TURIBLE i honestly dont even know how any of them besides kemba and mabey Henderson and mabey mullens are in the NBA you honestly could get more talent out of the D league (Jerome Dyson)
JDunifon3::This is demonstrably false, since that same UConn team sucked this year, even though they added a top center prospect in Andre Drummond
Thunder90210::If we had a full 82-game season, would the Bobcats finish worse than the '09-'10 Nets (12-70)?
ovechkinisjesus::Holy smokes they did! I owe you a massive apology! How did I not remember that! Sorry Thunder!
ovechkinisjesus::The '09-10 Nets didn't go 12-70...what are you talking about?
rel0627::Karma for bob johnson...how could the nba let him name the team after himself?  They should send them down a league like the Premier league does.
Mastab8r69::7 and 53 LMFAO
wesmorrow3::BOBCATS FU-CKEN BLOW
amani234239::the only thing i have to say is wow..............what is micheal doing down there!!
rag63top::Spending money on hookers and gambling. Thats about it.
coogsnation::He must have told his players to foul so Hornets can cover. Lame piece of $@%!
coogsnation::Yeah like fouling with 6 seconds down 6 with line at 6.5. $@%!$@% $@%!$@%
ehbarbs09::Horrible season.  8 points in a quarter? 67 for a game? 7 wins total this season?  Goodness.
punkr0ckcowboy::The Bobcats are the worst franchise in NBA history.  Bring back the Hornets name to Charlotte and let's start over.  This is pathetic.
TubbyTime334::Laker Trolls? Pathetic.
wesmorrow3::ARE YOU FAT TUBBY
TubbyTime334::Game Of The Night.
OptimusPrime7.0::Fans definitely got their moneys worth in this one
SeanCarterFTW::lol white boy with dreads, you need a reality check my friend.
Mastab8r69::Nice dreads white boy.
Talentsojhin::never understood why white boy is okay and black boy is an insult.
wesmorrow3::FOR A EASY A$$ WIN
The Lakers are good at basketball::Didn't see the game but it must have been an amazing showdown
kobescored30butshot12for40::I found a betting system a few months back called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 2 months straight now following this system. I found  this system by googling the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it.Thought I would post this for anyone that is looking for a system that actually works
Edudlufetips::this must have been awesome to watch. glad i had a wall to stare at.
Metta.Worldhate.::AHAHAHAHAHA!!!!  What a shitty game!!!
Kobe_in_my_team::20 points combined in the 3rd quarter,  that says it all,  i mean 8 points in a quarter? what the freakin $@%!? LMAFO
Lobo_da_main_man::Kobe 81  Hornets 75  Bobcats 67
Pintz11::COLLEGE BASKETBALL SCORE WTF.. AND THESE FOLKS ARE GETTING PAID..
tabatabai8::they combined to go 2-27 from three. Ive gone better blindfolded from halfcourt
justin kitchens::False
ValleyDesperado::Lol daaaaaaang i didnt realize how bad the cats suck!!!
freaky69az::Their 7-52 record going into this game didn't clue you in, ehhh?
Anthony71850::These teams just suck.
Anthony71850::Seriously? EIGHT POINTS!!!?? What the FFFUUUUCCKKKKK???
1Dre8::GAME OF THE CENTURY
greenmiamicat::Helloooooooo??
yorklinks2::it annoys me so much when ppl say lebrons not clutch and kobe is cuz well... thats wrong  kobe shoots .300fg% in the clutch, lebron has a .400fg%  if their stats in the clutch were throughout the whole game LEBRON is way better:  LeBron: 33.2ppg, 15.1rpg, 9.3apg, .386fg%  Kobe: 36.3ppg, 7.8rpg, 6.8apg, .327fg%  check out an article about that here, proof lebron is more clutch http://bustasports.com/?p=784
Legit_Troller::Your right that LBJ is more clutch then Kobe BUT he is still only shooting .386% in crunch time. For a MVP canidate he needs to do more also what that website didn't have is last second shots and buzzer beaters a player has. I want to see that.
frogger2311::Trust me, those stats dont favor kobe either... he has has more of them, obviously. But lebrons percentage is better.
Bynum Leads The League In 3 pt attempts::kobe is clutch. umad?
sokal-surf::Why are the Bobcats still in the league? I've never seen a less entertaining, more obscure and non-invested product than the Charlotte Bobcats.  Even the Clippers look like a model franchise compared to them.  The NBA either needs to fold the Bobcats, or MJ needs to sell the team and just be happy being MJ...
punkr0ckcowboy::Charlotte led the NBA in attendence when the Hornets were in town, so your statement is false.
Jorge198306::The State of  North Carolina will  always  be  a   College BB  STATE  first!
BasedHelloman::If two teams combine for less than 150 in a game, they both should have their hands stapled to the floor...
bbomberguy::Unless one team scores 140 and the other team scores 10
Jorge198306::or play  in  WNBA.
sabermetrics are still right::Charlotte has clinched the most ping pong balls. No reason for them to tank.
Murphymik::"The Hornets won despite playing without leading scorers Eric Gordon and Chris Kaman and shooting just 34 percent from the floor. Gordon was given the night off to rest, but no reason was given as to why Kaman was held out of action."  ---I have the reason, summed up in one word: TANKING.
Murphymik::The janitors in the gym must be picking up a lot of gouged-out eyeballs right now.
failwhalegetsyoubanned::NBA should get rid of the Bobcats
Sambo8964::Charlotte is basically a football/nascar city. Pro basketball and college sports take a back seat there unlike most of North Carolina, especially Raleigh.
punkr0ckcowboy::Charlotte led the NBA in attendence when the Hornets were in town, so your statement is false.
failwhalegetsyoubanned::Imagine how cheap those tickets are!!!!!!!!!!
SharkyNugs::When people said that Kentucky could beat an NBA team, I said that is absolutely ridiculous. But then again...
thanh1971::It is sasd that SPURS score more pts in 1st Half then CHA did whole game.... LOL
Foghorn HookemHorns::Just saw that also.  Almost both teams.
cmonson3::0-16 Detroit Lions &gt; 7-59 Charlotte Bobcats
SaintsNO9::Sike
Kjs8152::3rd quarter 12-8.... Lol
FeelinPhoggy::This looks like it was almost as atrocious as the UConn - Butler NC game a couple years ago Then again Kemba was playing so its fitting
