Igor Yank::danny granger is back!
James McQuillan::If this is what the Pacers' bench is going to start doing when on the floor then the other 29 teams might as well call it a day
Rob Loveday::Heat fan here.  Granger's play so far has to be encouraging to the Pacers and their fans.  I'd like nothing more than to see a Heat vs. Pacers ECF with both teams at 100% (Oden (I know, I know), Beasley, Granger, et al.)
Benny Thai Tran::Are you sure you are a Heat Fan?  ;)
Troy Orosco::With granger back I feel the pacers are unstoppable! I am a Celtics fan but also a New mexico lobo fan. I watched Granger play all his senior year home games, huge fan of that dude.
Benny Thai Tran::Wait till he gets back into full game condition.  Pacers needed another good shooter.
Troy Orosco::I know, Miami better look out! They are young mixed with some experience, scola, west, granger.
Jeffrey Nicholas::George is really selling contact lately. Wonder if that won't cost him a call or two at some point.
Corey Pyle::Yeah, I don't like the trend. I had a feeling he would start doing this this year because of his ascension. I hope someone smart gets in his ear and reminds him to pick his spots/battles. I'm already getting tired of him whining to the refs -- especially when it was obviously his fault.  I understand he looks up to LeBron, but he doesn't have to emulate EVERYTHING he does lol :)
Jeff Brown::Losing is not the answer. You don't need to lose to make good trades. That's just stupid. And draft picks aren't so great either. A LOT of those with alleged great potential never work out. Trying to lose is the dumbest thing ANY team can do. You need to keep working at winning, regardless of where you are in the standings because if you're used to losing or having a losing attitude, there's no way you can just turn on the switch when it's time to win again.
Jeffrey Nicholas::Its been pretty well established that the guys on the court are trying to win regardless. Executives make decisions like trading current assets for future ones, waiting to bring players back from injuries, and asking coaches to give younger players time ahead of more effecting but aging veterans.  So trying to lose is really just a matter of the strategy employed by the front office. Stripping pay roll and stock piling draft picks is a great way to build up your team. It lets you add pieces to your team that all fit a certain vision. If you've already got money on the books it significantly limits how you can build your team because every player is inherently limited in some respect.  Not only are draft picks valued trade assets, but it is also relevant to point out that drafting a guy like Durant or Jabari Parker isn't speculation. You know you're getting a starting quality player from the get go. The only question is if you get a star.
Bob Gay::Haha and people said the Pacers would be worse with Granger in the lineup. 25+ point wins ever since Granger has been off of the bench. Haters are so funny.
Jorden Packer::They're even better. As long as we keep him as a sixth man this team will be veryyyyy hard to beat.
Liam Sibson::If the Celtics can ever manage to hold a 10+ point lead in a game, I'll shave my head and get a tattoo.  Also, will Green and Crawford ever start shooting better from beyond the arc, or is this basically all we're getting? 1-11 against the Wizards.
Jake Lindsay::As if
John Martin::Granger in his second game back is starting to put up good numbers. Makes the Pacers even tougher.
Jeffrey Nicholas::Good to see him back on the court. Hate it for a guy that was really building a name for himself before the injury bug got him.
Marcus Grein::The Pacers.... where starters aren't neccessary.
Adam Bauer::There was so much talk about Granger disrupting the team with his return... He in fact has elevated their game! Since his return (small sample size) the Pacers have outscored their opponents by an average of 30!
Cashis' King::The startting "point guard" for the Celtics is averaging 1.4 APG?.....what kinda $h!t is that?
Randall L Lockdall::Looks like the important battle will be to stay atop the Eastern Conference.  A Daily battle as I don't see Miami letting up anytime soon.
Mark Randy Myers::Miami doesn't have to let up they can't catch the Pacers anyway.
Wade Mason::Have you looked at Miami's schedule? Between now and the All-Star break, they've got 2 6 game and 1 4 game road trips, will play the top West teams, plus they get GS, SA, OKC, and Detroit in Miami. There won't be any 27 game winning streaks anytime soon for them, especially if they prefer to coast.
Jeffrey Nicholas::Wade Mason They've got a historically relevant win streak against the Western Conference teams going right now. You know that included at least a few road trips.I don't figure the Heat will end up getting the 1 seed, but let's not pretend that their schedule somehow dooms them.
Jo Carter::anyone up for a Pacers v Blazers finals? Yeah, didn't think so..........
Charlie Koumpouras::actually...that would be quite entertaining
Evan Michaelis::if its anything like there first matchup that would be a hell of a finals
Lee Dan Cleef::That would be a hard matchup for the pacers. I don't think that blazers win was an abortion. Their offensive style and specifically their ability to score from the midrange jumper works well against the pacers style of defense. Would be a good series.
Mike Bird Munger::LOL@ THE REFS INTENTIONALLY SCREWING THE CELTICS ONCE AGAIN!!!
Scott Hall::Typing in caps doesnt make you look more smart
Mike Bird Munger::Scott Hall Having that name doesn't make you Razor Ramon.  But my comment IS correct.
Kent Hiquet::The refs are making the celtics shoot 38%?
Trevor Burger::Brad Stevens is a classy guy. Hope he continues to build his team. Good Pacers w
Carl D Hill::Celtics are playing WAAAAY over their head at soon to be 12-17, lol...
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Lol Celts tried to keep Stephenson from the triple double
Zack Schooler::Great to see Granger back against Houston, so glad he was out there, and he looked better than I had anticipated he would. Hopefully he can go in this one too
Nate Kenny::Of course Granger will play lol. Why wouldnt he? He looked great against Houston and should be even better this game. He didnt get another injury against Houston so of course he will play. He will get 20+ minutes again too.
Zack Schooler::Because this is a process. Rather than rush him back, which is the process they have used throughout his rehab, it wouldn't be out of the question to see him sit out a game or two here and there. Could see him miss the first couple of the second night of back to backs.
Jeremy Mann::I think he'll play today, but not tomorrow considering he just came off of injury.
Jeff Brown::Twenty seven point loss? That's about right.
Hercules Junior Sainternie::celtics are not what they used to be
Jannis Neumann::Oh really? I thought a rebuilding team is just as good as a championship team.
Jake Lindsay::This is beautiful
Jeffrey Stringer::INDIANA PACER fans.....Why run the score up on teams as you did with Houston and Boston and joke of it during the games? By 27 and 30 points? Really!  The Miami HEAT has respect for their NBA opponents when the HEAT has a nice comfortable lead. We show class! Seems your "PACERS" want everyone in the NBA to look at you guys blowing out teams in order for everyone to look at you! Seems you want tons of attention and respect. To earn respect, you must show respect. Jus saying......GO HEAT!
Corey Pyle::Hey Jeff, what do you think about the Patriots? Are they disrespectful for playing their hardest for a full 60 mins?   Everything you said is completely and utterly subjective (and untrue). This is the best team Indy has had in YEARS and they're trying to maximize it by playing all out. They put their bench in, in the 4th at about the time they usually do (4-6 minute mark).   Please don't act like the Heat weren't doing this exact same thing the first year of "the big 3". It's not about disrespect, it's about measuring your own team and trying to one-up yourselves from game to game.  So, stop this "attention/respect" talk. That's just noise
William Sucuahi::Cheating shows no respect... With 8 players on the court like the Heat shows no respect...
Andrew John Feeback::Bull. It's a men's league. Play the full 48 minutes.
Roger Boyd::The Pacers were incredible tonight. We got to see Hill shooting on the practice court before the game and he drilled about five triples in a row, so there was the sense they would come out strong. Granger looked so much smoother. Lance just dazzled. His crossover that wiped out a Celtic defender was absolutely sick. When the Blue and Gold play as they have in these last two wins, no one in the league can touch them.
Jeffrey Stringer::Dude remember, you were playing Boston. They have no one.
Corey Pyle::That "Celtic defender" was Indianapolis native Courtney Lee from Pike. The same dude George Hill was trying badly to get to sign with the Pacers, but he didn't listen. Maybe he should have.....
Corey Pyle::Jeffrey Stringer A bunch of no ones who beat the HEAT.................
Lee Dan Cleef::I love that this year is the rise of the mid market teams: Pacers, Blazers, Thunder, Spurs 4 of the 5 best teams in the nba. Other than MIA and LAC, every big market team floundering. The luxury tax increase is already making a difference; and I like it.
