gottsegen.2::The Lakers are in a great spot to make the playoffs after their big win against the New Orleans Hornets.  With the help of Kobe's skill and maybe a little luck they may be able to beat the odds and win the rest of their games.  However, this will not be an easy road, as they have to face the number one team in the West in the San Antonio Spurs.
LeadZepo::We should ask Nash nicely that he should retire.
GOAT_MJ::Not to worry Laker's fans, FIX is in and Lakers will make playoffs.   Lakers path to play-offs: -	Portland – robbed, 3 times more free throws for Lakers -	Dallas robbed – Crucial CLEAR foul not called on Nowitcki in dying seconds  -	Minesota robbed blind, Rubio fouled CLEARLY by Kobe in last second when shooting 3 point – of course no foul -	Sacramento ROBBED BLIND all game; in last 30 seconds – PHANTOM free throws given to Kobe when NOBODY touched him, in last possession Howard fouls DeMarcus Cousins but of course no call  -	Memphis robbed: LAST possession by Memphis CLEAR foul by Howard on Mike Conley   NOT Called; second last possession – shooting foul for Memphis NOT called -	Then NO…  Waiting for next victim to rob - To be continued……
rob1165::Lakers six and a half point favorites. Anybody feel safe laying the points. lol
Willye04::"If you're making shots, I can sit back," Bryant said. "If you're playing (bad), I can't."  Unbelievable that even Kobe has the gall to repeat the same myth that's repeated by Laker fans.   Truth be told, the reason for Kobe's obsessive shooting isn't because others are missing them, but because he's shooting and missing from the get-go.  Or at least that's what play-by-play records indicate.
Voss voss::23 in the 4th. Records indicate you don't watch games
chanchoso::I don't understand why some people think Kobe is the greatest Laker of all time??
MU Helmet Finally Located in Mongolia::July 12th 2038, here lies Kobe Bryant, the greatest mason to walk the earth.
athleticsfan13::As  a Dubs fan Im automatically a Laker hater, and nothing could have been better than the Dubs or Rockets not able to clinch the 6th playoff spot, this would mean Lakers are playing 3 playoff games, while Jazz get to play 3 gimmes as Memphis will likely rest their starters.
DeltaScarlet::Can someone help. If Lakers and Jazz are tied on points at end of the regular season, how does the NBA determine who gets the coveted 8th and final post-season spot?
Original Usernames::Jazz own the tiebreaker vs the Lakers (season series is 2-1 Jazz)
mark35345::We've got to win in the Rose garden? We've been blown out of there before. I cringe at thought of Lillard running circles around us. Maybe the Jazz will just lose their next couple of games...
Unsung511::I don't understand  why the comments  about hero ball..Watch the Games kobe doesn't want hero ball..He's exhausted ...When Kobe and dwight sit in the 3rd qtr when they have a lead ..trust me kobe would rather stay there ton the bench for rest instead of coming back in the game because the other team is closing
Heritage Champion::Kobe humors his teammates by allowing the ball to move for the 1st 2 1?2 qtrs... the reverts to monopolizing the the ball for the rest of the game. Great strategy against one of the worst teams in the league.
Heritage Champion::Kobe can get away with "hero ball" against the Pelicans... it will get them swept outta the 1st round.
Im Black Yall::The Lakers are finally putting their big boy pants on just like Kobe did a few years back in a Colorado hotel after the ordeal.
vman606::swing and a miss.
srqlegend1::what are the hornets changing the team name to?
Voss voss::pelicans lol, not joking
srqlegend1::wow that is lame
Im Black Yall::Pelicans
srqlegend1::the average nba fan still doesn't give the knicks the respect they deserve
PMPJohn::I do. I give them none- that's what they deserve
Voss voss::lol. They did beat Miami with and without Melo. That's impressive...
ZinBayArea::Warriors over Heat in 6 for the Title!  Go W's!!!!!!
athleticsfan13::Next year we will go deep, as we can attract more aging greats for the minimum. This year Id take a series win over Denver and tough fought 2nd series. Frankly talentwise this team isnt as good as the 2006-2007 one.
SandyBeachesinla::LMAO. Warriors wont even advance past the first round,, None of those guys have played a single playoffs game ,, Well Jack and Landry have
ESPNAccount50000::If Stephen Curry doesn't get injured, they could go deep into the playoffs.
JCDish::True that
JCDish::You know bro, It will be hard BUT I would love to see the Warriors go all the way. They're an exciting NBA team.
Voss voss::Curry and bogut, if healthy will be a great duo in the coming years.
ESPNAccount50000::that could also happen...I forgot about the Warriors lol
ESPNAccount50000::In reality....These are my NBA Play-Off predictions  In the West, (NBA WESTERN CONFERENCE FINALS... Denver vs. Thunder...Thunder wins)  In the East, (NBA EASTERN CONFERENCE FINALS...Bulls vs. Heat...Heat win)  NBA FINALS: Heat vs. Thunder.....Heat win again :(
ESPNAccount50000::They could definitely...but, we still don't know who will play who yet till the regular season seedings are finalized
SandyBeachesinla::Nuggets wont make it to Conference finals,, There is no Back to back in playoffs
SouthStander132::They have won the series against Thunder, Clippers and Grizz.  They can tie it up with the Spurs tonight.  Um - that means they have beat those teams on the road...
JCDish::The Spurs are deep enough to beat the Nuggets in a playoff series.
ESPNAccount50000::I think they will...it's just my opinion (The Spurs are without Ginobli and Parker....who knows when both will comeback)
dom3983::Anyone else going to miss the Hornets name, logo and colors? i think its a shame it wont be around anymore. I hope Charlotte takes it back.
beverly.pouget::MJ has already said he wants the Hornet name back
JCDish::I do hope that Michael Jordan will move to change the Bobcats logo in Charlotte back to the Hornets. Now that New Orleans will become the ... Pelicans.
ESPNAccount50000::I can't believe Michael Jordan is still owning the Bobcats. This team has been terrible for years. I  wish them the best in the future but Michael is definitely a better player than owner that's for sure. lol
JCDish::YES SIR indeed. I can't believe they will change the classic hornets logo to some minor league baseball name. I'm still disgusted by that.
JCDish::Lakers ... the 8th seed ... What ever happened to the Mavs and their oath of not shaving until they got above .500?
marc marc24::they should have to keep their beards over the summer if they don't make it to .500
realNBA_analyst v2.0::They're gonna be bikers by season's end.
JCDish::Nope lol
JCDish::I mean, they're not above .500 ... who knows if they shaved.
ESPNAccount50000::Did they shave?
SandyBeachesinla::They have a chance.. if they can win with their next two games
Yadi is G.C.O.A.T.::Short on time today so here goes.... Kobe sucks!!! have a nice day.
JCDish::Huh?
bronbron80::go back to your janitor job heat fan
SandyBeachesinla::he should just have a Lakers hater mark on his profile instead of Heat, Nuggets
ESPNAccount50000::I'm not hating on the Lakers anymore...I am doing what one fan just could probably never do lol...but, they have been through a lot and me personally, I am going to give them a break. I'm tired of getting banned :) Good Luck Lakers in the play-offs! :)
bronbron80::only a matter of time before lakers bust out the petes..  2 pete. 3 pete. maybe 4 pete someday
ZinBayArea::this current team is just petered out...
realNBA_analyst v2.0::We have 16 titles.  -Lakers fans in 2042
SandyBeachesinla::Lakers will have  at least 24-26 titles in 2042
ESPNAccount50000::only 16 titles by 2042 would be pathetic...are you kidding me? LOL
srqlegend1::why does espn give the lakers so much attention when they suck?
marc marc24::hollywood baby. You should visit sometime!
Willye04::Lakers have been great for the vast majority of the last 30 years. And they play in Los Angeles. And they have a huge following.   But Hollywood is a souped-up ghetto.  You don't want to visit.
scooter10978::Why are you giving them attention right now.
SandyBeachesinla::As long there are idiot haters such as yourself that spend most of their time following Lakers to hate ..Lakers will dominate
dom3983::Do fans naturally not fully embrace non american players? for the past 2-3 years fans in LA have just bashed Pau like crazy and begging to trade him and use as the scapegoat, even though he was one of the hugest and main reasons they even got to the finals three years in a row and got two titles.  but guys like odom and bynum were always given excuses for years and years and given passes even though they defined inconsistency for 90% of their careers.
thoughtuknew73::Your statement could easily be describing Howard so don't think its an American or Non American
dom3983::just asking. just thought it was a bit unfair of how much blame Pau gets.
beverly.pouget::No problem with non American players.  I didn't  know there was a problem.
dom3983::In LA Pau has been the scape goat the past two years. at the games you here people moan a lot when he gets the ball in the post
Ustna9::Pau is their most skilled player...
thoughtuknew73::If Kobe would be more of a facilitator, the Lakers could be dangerous but that bum doesn't understand the word TEAM
thebatman0701::"I'm a bum with 5 rings and two finals mvp awards." -Kobe
Ustna9::Howdy
ZinBayArea::"When do I get to leave???????"  - Slight Coward
scooter10978::30 million more than any other team can offer, as much as it is about wining they all want their money.  DUH!!!
I am typing this from my work computer::I still don't understand why LA fans think there is no chance of him bailing
ZinBayArea::NBA Jeopardy -  Answer: 15-63  Question: What would the Lakers current record be without the blatant ref bias?
bronbron80::No way lebron could score 25 points in 4th quarter must win. hes only good at piling on
bronbron80::yeah against an aging crumbling pistons
thoughtuknew73::Oh yeah, guess 45, 18 &amp; 5 in the playoffs don't count
HamSammich0069::45-15-5 game 6 vs c's in boston facing elimnation!
marc marc24::in the palace.....the detroit pistons. Big playoff threat
HamSammich0069::they had beaten the lakers for a title?
thoughtuknew73::U sound stupid....guess you didn't see the Piston game &amp; who scored 25 in the 4th
HamSammich0069::like he did in the palace with the cavs?
marc marc24::let me take over as head coach for the lakers....i'll get shiiiiitt done
dom3983::Does anyone not realize the Lakers have had diarrhea since Easters??
Slow Joe Crow::OK, kids, it's been fun -- on to Methland....I mean "Portland"
ZinBayArea::The dream of the nineties is alive there...
thoughtuknew73::Did the system make Nash a great player???
HamSammich0069::certaintly helped...up and down offense that put no emphasis on defense.
..South..Central..Los..Angeles..::why do haters envy us, and always talk about us???  1.is it cuz of our 16 titles  2.is it cuz were the most historic, famous team in the NBA  3.is it cuz of all our hall of famers  4.is it cuz we fill there arena when were on da road  5.is it cuz were located in the best city in America, LOS ANGELES  6.is it cuz we're the most known franchise in and out America  7.is it cuz all the Hollywood stars come out to see us play  8.is it cuz every star wants to play in our team instead of theirs  9.is it cuz we have the GOAT Kobe Bryant  10.ill let u fill in da blank if I missed a reason why
thoughtuknew73::Which BIG free agent has signed with the Lakers since Kobe BEEN there
SandyBeachesinla::Lakers havnt had the cap room to do so,,, Only guy I can think about is Ron Artest who signed the Mid level
HamSammich0069::In comes the moron lakers fan...take some notes from your other laker buddies on how to not sound like a clown.
ZinBayArea::I think it's the totally asinine fans.
SandyBeachesinla::ZinBayArea - SandyBeachesinla - here we go again with the bay area guy and $@%  LMAO  Dude, I'd think even YOU could see this guy is a bit of a dou.che...    You are the dou.che and a hater with no life.. Get a Life kid
ZinBayArea::SandyBeachesinla - here we go again with the bay area guy and $@%  LMAO  Dude, I'd think even YOU could see this guy is a bit of a dou.che...
SandyBeachesinla::here we go again with the bay area guy and $@%  LMAO
ZinBayArea::Does anyone actually believe Kobe walks away after next season? I would bet big money against it...
mrmahone::He'll sign a short deal with whatever team he has the best chance of getting his MJ tying 6th ring with.......
SandyBeachesinla::Kobe will sign another 3-4 year deal at about 10 million per season with Lakers
beverly.pouget::I don't know for sure, but he can't keep taking those treatments  in Germany they do not know the long term effects of the treatments , on the other hand he still wants to be like Mike he has to get 1 more ring.
tebrina::Not if he still has a real shot at being the scoring leading
HamSammich0069::it all depends on what the team looks like and how he feels...if he thinks they can win it all he will be back.
VinceNBAjunkie::Believe it or not, the Jazz are a better team, but the Lakers equals tv ratings. Therefore, Stern way or the highway.
HamSammich0069::Not a laker fan, but i dont agree...It wouldnt be this close if that was truly the case.
ZinBayArea::I can see him frothing at the mouth at the prospect of the Lakers-OKC in first round...
tebrina::Would nash be a starter for miami if he had signed with them?
dom3983::Nash would be good off the bench for the Heat. LeBron is their PG most of the time. when he rests. nash can run the show with guys like bosh, ray allen and battier out there. it would definitely make life easier for nash and make Miami very hard to beat.
thoughtuknew73::Not!!!
HamSammich0069::Id take chalmers and cole, they have a lebron a great passer, dont really need nash. chalmers and cole are way better defenders too.
HamSammich0069::miami's D when they turn it up is second to none...chalmers and cole play a part in that.
DodgersLakersUberAlles::Agree with this.  Nash is at best unnecessary in Miami, at worst a 2nd stringer you still have to pay decently for.
tebrina::thats a very good point about the defense
ucangetthebozackagain2::Good question...
ZinBayArea::"But I thought this team would be unbeatable!"  - 2006
HamSammich0069::Whats yalls take on Lebron winning 4/5 mvps?
thoughtuknew73::Should have 5 now
Slow Joe Crow::IDK...times have changed.  I don't see a guy winning 6 MVPs in 10 years ever again like Jabbar or even 5/10 like MJ -- too many bitter voters out there.
HamSammich0069::Lebron will have 4 in 5 so that leaves 2 in the next 5...certainly could happen.
ucangetthebozackagain2::I'm not sure; you have a point about the writers, but there really isn't anyone near LeBron right now, so I can see him winning a few more, and he already has three, right?
DodgersLakersUberAlles::I could see it.  Even Durant doesnt seem at his lvl. Dude is dominant.
tebrina::He would probably deserve it. He has no competition right now. Durant is a distant second.
tebrina::If Melo can keep playing the way he is now I would agree. but he is too inconsistent
HamSammich0069::Melo is closing the gap for second, I think Durant should be second but who knows?
HamSammich0069::I agree, hard to argue for anyone else.
MinniWolves90::Well-deserved. Best player on the planet, by far.
ucangetthebozackagain2::It's certainly a possbility...
ZinBayArea::He could finish with 6 or 7 at this rate...  Only one for Kobe!
dom3983::Is Nash disappointed at his small chance a title or does he say oh well, i still have a contract and am not married anymore.
tebrina::He regrets not choosing Miami now lol
HamSammich0069::Its not hard to look back on history and see this...Kobe needs good bigs and solid defenders around him.
MinniWolves90::A good coach, too.
Slow Joe Crow::But I never understood the bitterness towards D'Antoni....somebody handed him the keys to a porsche and gave him $10m in gas money.  What's he supposed to say, "No thanks, I'm not a very good driver"?
ucangetthebozackagain2::LOL-you have a point...
ucangetthebozackagain2::Which is sad, isn't it?
Slow Joe Crow::Not for D'Antoni.....
HamSammich0069::Dont blame him, blame the owners for hiring him.
DodgersLakersUberAlles::^^This.  Seems everyone on the planet knew exactly what D'Antoni was...  except laker ownership.
tebrina::Well, he did resign from NY didn't he
VinceNBAjunkie::No, Carmelo's jealousy of Linsanity spotlight was the reason.
Slow Joe Crow::No, he got fired.
DodgersLakersUberAlles::Its more like someone gave him keys to a diesel truck for towing things slowly...  and he tried to enter it in the Daytona 500.  He can only coach one way, and this team cant play that way.  Results? 8th seed.
dom3983::I never thought anyone can make Nash look pedestrian, but Kobe has :(
DodgersLakersUberAlles::LOL
HamSammich0069::Lakers are just too old and slow on defense...nash was a horrible sign.
tebrina::Nash needed some young gunners to be most effective. He doesn't fit in well with the slow half court set and kobe iso.
DodgersLakersUberAlles::Yes hasnt worked out at all.  Still a liability on defense only now his 1st step isnt fast enough to start the offense off P&amp;R's either.  Oh, and thats WHEN he's healthy too....
dom3983::Is there anyway the lakers can trade up to draft Burke from Michigan? Lakers are in desperate need of a PG.
beverly.pouget::I wouldn't go running after Burke, I watched him during the Michign games in the NCAA he was good but to get player of the year, I didn't think so
dom3983::best thing to do is resign Howard and rebuild around him after next season.
Slow Joe Crow::Maybe a sign-n-trade for Howard, but I don't know if I'd do that just to get Burke...perhaps if they could get other assets as well, but I'd rather re-sign Howard or, at worst, sign-n-trade him for bodies and either picks or space.
DodgersLakersUberAlles::We pretty much out of resources.  Pau's expiring is really all we have to offer up to anyone.
dom3983::would this team be better if they hired Phil instead of Dantoni and acquired Jaryd Bayless rather than Nash?
beverly.pouget::When PJ left last time he &amp; Kobe were not getting along to well,  what makes you think  there going to get along this time?
ucangetthebozackagain2::@DodgersLakers,   Are you including the Kobe Bryant Athletic Supporters in that group? The people who say stuff like "Kobe led the Lakers to the first three titles" in spite of overwhelming statistical evidence to the contrary?
Slow Joe Crow::PJ doesn't make the Lakers any younger or faster.  Maybe they don't drop 10 of 12 in January under him, but I still don't see them being any higher than a 5 seed.
tebrina::I also think he does a better job of managing kobe. where they actually run an offense instead of kobe iso
Gilchrest89::True but I think they would have been better defensively and we would see more production from Howard and Gasol.  Kobe was going to be Kobe.
DodgersLakersUberAlles::Hard to imagine this team not being better with Phil at the helm, but I guess you never know for sure.
tebrina::Phil alone would have made the difference for this team. He would have made Dwight into "superman"
DodgersLakersUberAlles::Ya, i think we can put the Dwight vs Shaq debate to bed.  People forget how truly dominant Shaq was in his prime.
dom3983::thats true. but the reboot of superman wasnt as good as the original. just saying.
dom3983::would they have homecourt in the first round?
Slow Joe Crow::And no...the CP3 trade would not have helped them much this year -- they'd be without Gasol and there's no guarantee they still could have gotten Howard.  But with more space and Bynum's expiring contract, they would have been a year or two ahead of the current rebuild schedule and probably a better seed right now.
tebrina::I disagree. They would have been without Pau but still had another big man inside. I still believe they would have found a way to sign dwight too (not that he is much better than bynum).  A great pg would been the difference for this team
DodgersLakersUberAlles::I think CP3 would have been better with Howard than Kobe and Nash have been.  Thats assuming we could have gotten CP3 and Howard both though...
dom3983::I agree. CP3 would help them be a 50 win team, but I think there would be an issue going where CP3 might get upset of how much Kobe dominates the ball. Kobe and CP3 just wouldnt work out.
dom3983::True World B, but he would had had to endure three seasons with Kobe, do you think after two he would sign on for one more? or before that want to be traded?
Gilchrest89::Don't know about that...  Kobe wants to win and CP3 would have been a HUGE upgrade at point guard.  I think they would have figured it out but that would have meant less touches for Howard and Gasol which might have been another issue...especially for Howard.
Slow Joe Crow::From what I understand (and I could be wrong), CP3 is just as big a head as Kobe....I think he would have played Derek Fisher's role as the guy who won't back down and keep Bryant "honest".  Nash and Howard are definitely NOT that kind of player.
World B. Xxpensive::At least you could tell CP3 "It's only for a while, then you're Mr. Lakers."
DodgersLakersUberAlles::Would be a tough combo. Both best with the ball in their hands.
World B. Xxpensive::Sounds about right.
realNBA_analyst v2.0::"It's about conserving energy. The more I can kind of lag in the weeds the better." -Kobe Bryant  What in the world?! What gives?! This is what we're supposed to be teaching our children? This is the role model we want for our children? Marijuana references are NOT ok. PERIOD. What is this world coming to, you guys?
DodgersLakersUberAlles::Cant. Tell. If. Serious.
