Marcleen Bavogui::so beating miami was just a fluke lmao nets
Minister Brian E. Hawkins::they won by 1, and miami was shooting horrible.
Matt Greene::Minister Brian E. Hawkins Actually Miami wasnt shooting that horrible they were just turning the ball over and not playing defense. I do believe they were shooting fine from what i saw. It was a good game , i think orlando is a decent team and i think we just kicked them when they were down and tired . Give orlando credit though they arent that bad of a team even if they blow out a decent team in the NBA. We also should have beaten the Pacers . They were in the Eastern Confrence Finals last season.
Minister Brian E. Hawkins::Matt Greene i actually give orlando mor credit. not saying  brooklyn isn't a good team, just think they will have problems with teams with size
Will Jones::Olidipo is schooling DWill right now..Man he's the real deal!
Will Jones::*Oladipo
Shawn Bento::not taking anything from Dipo but D-Will sucks on D lol
Matt Greene::Well perimeter Defense yes  williams sucks miserably , but Oladipo didnt shoot any outside shots they were all inside buckets or layups. Deron Should have been able to contest shots. Give Oladipo his earned Credit. lol
Joshua Levine::WTF Magic?  Where did all this asskickingness come from?
Minister Brian E. Hawkins::the problem with Brooklyn is they game together to bet the Heat. the rest of the league they forgot about. they get tired in the second. on the court they really aren't that good. just big names on a team past their time.
Matt Greene::You have to think about Joe Johnson too he was icing his knees during the Heat Game. He might be hurt or in pain .
Minister Brian E. Hawkins::Matt Greene  thats the problem, if your hurt early, your most likely going to be hurt worse later. no time to heal. they need all their players. i just don't think this team is as good as advertised. to many concerns. need to much to work for them to have a chance. i think that match well with the heat for 3 q. but not four in the playoffs. any teams with bigs, they are really average
Justin Wrasman::Let's go magic. Keep it up jameer and afflalo, let's raise that trade value.
Matt Geere::very tough game at home for our young guys against a vet loaded team like the nets. Looking forward to this game...
Matt Geere::so much to be excited aboput as magic fans, an as magic fans how could anybody not be excited about Vic. MAn does this kid have it all... That 360 layup in traffic was one the sickest plays of the game...
Will Jones::Oladipo put on a show in the 3rd quarter..Magic look like they could be playoff contenders if they can stay healthy..I'm not sure how I feel about that because I feel they need one more high draft pick to be truly elite.. VO,Vucivic and Harkless are studs though.
Alan Ogg::z0mg!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! but but but ive been a LONG time brooklyn fan ever since the days of 2012!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and im so loyal!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  brooklyn netz for da super bowl champs!
Joshua Nix::WTF!!!!!! Stop flipping burgers and go back to school bro, could do you some good!!!!!
Alan Ogg::Joshua Nix hey larry the cable guy. how bout you and your fat redneck husband of yours go to the gym for once.
Randyl Ybanez::for me, it's the coach.. how can you coach a team when you don't have any experience in coaching.. they need a good winning percentage coach, a coach that knows how to motivate players, a caoch that very spirited in winning every game to a very highly spirited team BKN.. look at it, that is not the score that we expected to see..
Jason Peters::This is a very disturbing score, Kidd isn't getting this guys ready for the game. Nets have NO BUSINESS beating the Magic by single digits let alone being down by 15 in the 3rd qtr! Thank god im just betting on the Nets not an actual Nets fan.
Matt Greene::It goes to show people the Magic arent that bad of a team right now. I like that Jaque vaughn is showing people we can compete now quit lol. Start losing again so we get Julius Randle.
Joshua Levine::You're a moron.
Matt Geere::no U r, he is right, this coming draft is one the deepest in years an the Magic could go from good to great with one pick
Jason Peters::NETS ARE PATHETIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, this game is over. Magic win
Mark Slalom Anderson::The Nets are the least intimidating team in the East.  Not the least bit afraid.  Signed - every elite team in the East.
Shawn Bento::...except the Heat.
Marcleen Bavogui::Shawn Bento they won by 1 on their floor thats intimidating anybody
Alan Eisenberg::So the Nets go from beating the Heat to being blown out by the Magic. WOW
Antonio Robinson::Is this the team that's better than the knicks lollllll
Paul Nellom::The Knicks are about to lose to the Timberwolves and have the same record as us (1-2).
Mark Dray::Oladipo traveled on that 360.
Jennifer Mari::go nets!!!
Ben Black::The nets are dealing with something, teams like the heat and lakers went and still going through. When you're a team  that's built up as the next big thing cause of big name free agents. The rest of the league will give you all they got in every game, they'll hit the big shots they don't usually hit against other opponents. The heat face that challenge every game and still able to win a lot of games. The question is, are the nets good enough to overcome this challenge?
John Osaki Jr.::The Brooklyn Nets are slipping a little. They could be 0-3 if Miami had compelted the comeback. Never the less, If you are big-time Keviin Garnett and Paul Pierce fan, check out their awesome chapters in the new 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Robert Chandler::People forget the regular season especially the early season teams play basketball with much less intensity and caring. So taking early regular season results and trying to come to conclusions is pointless. As far as Miami they lost by one. They also lost to the Suns so the point is basketball doesn't really start until after the all star break.
John Martin::Except that all games count the same. Moreover I doubt pro players say, "let's not play hard tonight it is too early in the season."  Personal stats alos impact how hard a player plays and early season stats count just as much as late season.
Sabrina DeLotus::GO MAGIC - the guys seem to be clicking now. The ball gets shared, no ball hogs. Not even one player having 20 pts, yet destroyed what the critics are heralding as an elite team. This is what we suffered last year for. If we match this intensity with dedicated teamwork every game, spreading the ball, we are going to be hard to reckon with in the playoffs
Ben Black::I like your enthusiasm, but the magic wont make the playoffs.
Mikey Mikedidit::Haha, Brooklyn Nets gets worked - just remember the NBA league bets on a certain team that has a high payoff - ask Terry Don. who was thrown in the jail for two years for cheating...the game is fixed in favor of the Magi
Justin Wrasman::Haha, wow
Jake Gibbs::Why oh why didn't Orlando draft Michael Carter Williams??!! Ugh.
Craig Keller::instead of Olidipo? You must be looney!
Matt Geere::um really oh IDK b/c vic is going to be a allstar.wow people watch the games. Vic is coming off the bench with his numbers an took over tonights game in the late 3rd an put it away right when the nets  was making a run...
Todd Bischoff::I hope the Nets don't make the playoffs............
Jorge Bouza::The Net's better postpone that ring ceremony lmao.
