eneffect::Go Grizz! Keep Gritting N Grinding.
Soonerhopeful1::I understand the Griz pride in this win..It was a great win.  But lets not go over board, with antics and embellishments about the two teams...    When Griz start talking about " Beat downs"  and   "   Proving who is best".   One needs to party and gloat in a bit of context of truth...!                     Clippers did beat the Griz at   Memphis by a  99 - 73 score.  So If Griz win at Staples 96-85 which is called then  a " Griz beat down"... What then was the Clippers win at Memphis of   99-73 should be called. ?   A close narrow win..?              Griz proved they have a great team and compete.. But lets keep   it sane and civilized...!
mpres1973::I just want to be nice here but state the facts.  Victory is Victory, thier is no margin. I look at God the same way. It doesnt matter how much your saved by, saved is saved.  Also, your brain can go back and forward all it wants, but your spirit will always be in the present. Thats why it's important on who wins today, not yesterday or before. Thats why they keep playing bud. TY!
Trespayne::Congrats to Prince on 10,000 points, sad I missed it as a Pistons fan, but still a Prince fan.
Westjag::Me too. Before the thunder came to my town I was a Detroit fan. Chauncey was my fav
Westjag::No doubt the Grizz are now the third best in the West. Clippers too inconsistent. #thunder fan
Rebelstrife::I never thought Rudy fit this team's personality or offense.  Tayshawn on the other hand comes from a hard nosed playing background where team play won some championships.  The Grizz and Tayshawn are both better for the trade.  This team should continue to improve as the Grizz and Tayshawn continue to learn to play together.    Let's hope for good health for the players and at least a 3 seed in the west as the Grizz get their grind on down the stretch.
Deaneer32::Replace Vinny, Get rid of Lamar, give DJ more minutes (or how else is he gonna get better), and get 1 more player to help Blake in the Post...That's what the Clippers need to do in the off season.
johnholmes6969::I think us memphis fans it was just one game and you have to respect the clippers they are a dam good team and dont thjnk they wont be out for blood next time!! Respect your opponet grizz fans, lets not be l ike the Lakers
robology::You can't say "Griz trip Clips for 6th straight win" 5 times fast.  FACT
Jbrad24seven113::Different Grizz team this time around huh Clipper fans.. A much better Grizz team at that.. than the team that got bounced in the 1st round last yr.. The main reason we lost that series is no longer here anymore.. jackin up 20+ shot attempts a night..
BarrelRider04::Or you could say different Clipper team in the fact they have stopped playing defense and have rolled out Mrs. Kardashian playing major minutes which is as baffling as anything.
Benjamayne::although he didnt do that, rudy gay performed as well during last seasons playoffs as he did in the regular season, and btw, a larger reason is the lack of reggie evans for the clippers.
Jbrad24seven113::i blame that game 1 loss on rudy.. he fell in love with his jumpshot to much in that 2nd half and it opened the door for that clip comeback
BarrelRider04::Biggest difference between these two teams going in opposite directions: Memphis has a legitimate big man center and the Clips don't, and Memphis plays legitimate defense and the Clips do not.
SuperChicken0105::and the Clips literally bury people, the Griz do not
jamesbriankelley::What?
rcatect01::Blake Griffin " The win meant more for them"  lol.
doof54::Chris Paul. 6 points and 5 turnovers in the fourth quarter.  I hope someone got photos of the looks on Chris Paul's and and Blake Griffin's faces by the time that beatdown was done.  Gonna need them for those bighead posters for the playoffs.
pistonfanstill::Whats got into the Grizzles is Prince.  When the Pistons were good he was their best all around player but focused on the intangibles to where his stats are deceptive.  Then came the dysfunctional coach era.  Now he brings the ensemble approach to the Grizzles.  Those Pistons taught the NBA and is reflected in the Pacers and Nuggets as superstarless teams.  Go Grizzles and Pistons are toast with Frank.
UofMemphisTigers::Welcome to the Grizz Bandwagon!
jonasjrr::You mention Paul's 10,000th point...but no mention of the fact that Prince also got his 10,000th point in the game?  smh
JCVX::The morning prayer everyday for all the coaches in the NBA " Please bless all our players , keep them healthy and strong , let us play our best against any obstacles. But Lord above all else .." Please Don't let us face the Grizzlies in the playoffs !! "  ..Amen
jamesbriankelley::Clips need someone they can really count on in the post
81Samuel52::Without jamal i dont think that the clips have enough offensive firepower to win a majority of there games and all. I know they have Chris Paul but he cant do it all by himself!
81Samuel52::That shows that Jamal Crawford is such a big part of this team.
BarrelRider04::The reality is the Clips will not compete for a ring until they get a coach who can run a play, start playing CONSISTENT defense which they NEVER have, get a legitimate center, and get rid of that useless lump of COAL perfume selling Mrs. Kardashian....
witelightnin::Gotta love all the moronic announcers and analysts who handed the NBA championship to the Clippers back in December.  And now they're collapsing down to basically the exact same position as last year.  Seriously, wtf does it take to make the Clippers elite?  How many more superstars do they need?
BarrelRider04::Nobody handed them a ring you flipping moron. Just because people were excited they were playing good for the first time ever doesn't mean people were handing them a ring.  What they need is a coach who can actually run a play, a team that actually plays close out defense, and Mrs. Kardashian disappear. They are still a couple defensive players/legitimate center from winning...
BarrelRider04::nmsadler - Given that the Clippers beat us in the playoffs last year, I'd hardly say it was their first time playing well.  And what happened to them next round?????? S-W-E-E-P!
nmsadler::Given that the Clippers beat us in the playoffs last year, I'd hardly say it was their first time playing well.
ThunderHornz::Nice win Grizz. Good luck and good health all!
tmoneyinmphs::I guess i shouldn't expect the espn experts to know very much about the grizzlies when espn still has rudy gay listed as their leading scorer in the pregame stats, even though he has been in toronto since the end of january.
tmoneyinmphs::Espn forgot to tell everyone that tayshaun prince also scored his 10,000th point in this game.  I know the grizz aren't the one of their favorite teams to talk about, but the grizz have won 14 of their last 15 games.  The grizz are 16-3 since getting their new players.  All the espn experts and even magic johnson said the grizz gave up on this season.  All of you have egg on your face.  Apparently the espn experts don't know as much as they think they do.
RockyTop187::Very good game clips. Was worried about this game, it was the grizz's night though. Wish the best of luck to the clips, until they play the grizz again. See y'all at the grind house . Go grizz
mpres1973::As I get ready to shake the world today with a dime in my pocket, I'll just let you know one thing.  When you look at the rich or what you call powerful? Laugh and mock them.  I can move the Heavens and the earth without a penny to my name. I will shake hell today and scare the so called leaders(boys) of this world. You have never seen a man that will bring so much pain to his enemies.  I do this with God given power. You see, the Griz play from the Heart, not their wallet. It's my team, they play for me.  MP73
Tkrage22::this is basketball...not church
nmsadler::Or is it? It's a large gathering of people, they "Believe." in the team, and can convert people (from Lakers 'fans' to Grizzlies fan). All hail Pope Pera I.
doof54::No Grizzlies headline, and the only mention of the Mighty Grizzlies on the Daily Dime is a few comments from the Clippers writer?   Pitiful.    The Grizzlies have won 14 of 15, the only loss at Miami, where they were within one with under a minute to play - with Zach Randolph playing injured. They are on a 4 games in 5 nights roadtrip and won the first 2.
mpres1973::Miami can't beat Memphis in the Playoffs. Wwe destroyed them by almost 20 earlier.  Why you should love this? Well, their is nothing that breaks the heart of the rich weak people than  a small market or poor town winning without their help. It just kills them that they win with GOD GIVEN ATTRIIBUTES.  Ask me, I move the rich around worldwide and keep their money in turmoil, and I dont need a dime in my pocket. Who am I?  LOL..  Well, Im just another man, but lets just put it this way. Nothing happens in business or the world without my influence. Will it go on without me, sure. But during the years to come, Im the Boss.  MP73
doof54::...and the game article says the Grizzlies traded their leading scorer for spare parts?  Refers to them as the team left behind by Rudy Gay?    Chris Paul was not the only player that reached 10,000 career points in this game.   So did Tayshaun.
SuperChicken0105::Show me your Dunk face Deandre Jordan, bangin on dem Griz!
SuperChicken0105::I mean, the team was too busy attending Brandon Knight's funeral to play basketball sooo....
Tkrage22::clippers blow....men
doof54::Yea... where were all those lobs and dunks on Wednesday night?  Clippers more interested in making the highlight reel than they are in winning a game.
SuperChicken0105::Whatever bruh! he done murdered ol boy Brandon Knight earlier this week son, get some valid points and meet me on the flip busta
Tkrage22::Deandre blows $@% boy
memphis kingpin::we need the 3 spot sp we can get golden state in the first round thats a easy swipe for Memphis
razorback117::Great Win!
jacques1313::Let's show some more highlights of that DeAndre Jordan dunk!
Darla5568::Go Memphis!!!!!!           http://GameHighlights.qr.net/sportnewshourly
rm90025::Clippers were disappointing tonight.  Too much dribbling by the guards, not enough of a strategy to get Blake the ball and run the offense through him.
lrdThunda79::flopcity fans are delusional to be kind. Grizz dont have to dunk to get points and win. we'll just make Chris Paul beat our whole team by himself. GrizzNation
memphis kingpin::why would u to run offense thru somone who cant do $@%!! but dunk and hit one or 2 jump shots a game..im a Griz fan i wish you guys would run offense thru him you guys wouldn't even get to game 5 in the first round agaunst Denver
jdso503::I never imagined that Gasol would be TWICE the outside shooter as Griff, but seeing is believing. There was a whole lotta blockage in the middle for Griffing tonight. So much blockage, they had to call a foul for the Grizzlies swatting away lobs! (lol).
tmoneyinmphs::I laughed so hard last night at a clippers fan who said blake griffin was a better skilled player than marc gasol.  Talking about idiots...
Ustna9::you must be one of those "idiots" i keep hearing about...
mymomdunkedonyourmom::Ive been betting with this system called Sportsbettingstar the past 2 months now. Ive made over $3000 a month profit the past two month since I started. You can learn more about how the system works by searching google for sports betting systems
Kevin58238::Western Conference Playoff Picture? http://wp.me/p2g4xX-4W
Ramblescram::duplicate entry. Smart phone is...not so smart.
Ramblescram::The big test now is whether we can march into Denver and win. They have the best home record in the west ( only 3 losses ) and second best in the league after Miami. They're 12-1 since A.S. break so this feels just like when we went into Miami with that 8 game win streak going...two hot teams colliding. All the pundits are raving about Denver while we fly under the radar winning 13 of the last 14 (makes total sense they're playing it down...hell, we only 'tripped up' the Clips tonight, not legitimately beat them).
AKsparky907::14 of 15.
lrdThunda79::numbers dont lie!
samcl1990::Until next time...Grit n grind!
AmanLal::John Hollinger is a genius
Ramblescram::As soon as I saw the headlline that C.Butler we would be out, I knew the Grizz would win. CP3 &amp; Griffin can get theirs and we usually weather that just fine. It's the role players like Caron torching us that usually cost us games. :ahem: Shane Battier, I'm looking at you and those 4 treys.
memphisten22::Butler always plays the Grizz tough. Barnes never really does anything against us. Definitely wasn't worried about him. Shocked Crawford didn't as bad as he did. Is this Lamar's last year in the league. Can anyone say doo doo!
jsbolden::Butler is a factor against my Grizz just as Gary Neal or Matt Bonner can be effective against the Grizz. The Clippers struggle mightily with the Spurs and they simply can't defend penetration.
Spursfan92120::Butler is as much of a factor as Walton is for Cleveland
1grizzfan4life::Go Grizzlies! Love my team! GNG! Postseason is going to be awesome!
Deaneer32::I'm praying the Clippers finish with at least the fouth seed...We can't afford to play 4 games in Denver, home court is a must.
RoidRage1986::Yes team with best record gets homecourt. Happened last season. Celts Hawks
bougere7897::no it doesn't. If the nuggets finish with a better record and the clips still win the division the nuggets will get homecourt advantage
bougere7897::Deaneer32 - just googled it and you're right...  yea so clips will need to finish better than denver or memphis. probably denver because grizz are getting the three seed
Deaneer32::just googled it and you're right...
Jmac4539::dude no one wants to play the Nuggets first round......... they are too scary at home
Deaneer32::Exactly why this game was so important
grizzmypants::yes
Deaneer32::well that's a relief
grizzmypants::clippers will definitely get at least 4. division winner is guaranteed a top 4 spot.
doof54::In the 4 vs 5, the team with the best record gets home court. Division winner gets the 4 in name only.
Deaneer32::But does it guarantee home court advantage if we finish 4th and the Nuggets still have the better record?
1grizzfan4life::Only problem I have is these Clip fans that for the last 3 days have been saying this was going to be a blow out win for the Clips. A little reality for you?!
Deaneer32::While the Miami Heat will just stroll into the NBA finals...The Western Conference playoffs is gonna be WAR!
CountOfMonteZBo::So true.
ttooom22::MEMPHIS TENNAKEEE.  YOU GUYS GOT LOTS OF BRICKS DOWN THERE
gotigersmemphis87::But not on the court
1grizzfan4life::I'm not disrespectful in any way. I'm just glad we finally got a win against the Clips! Was a great game. GO GRIZZLIES!
samcl1990::I'm with you there. I feel a lot better now
ttooom22::HEY GRIZZ FANS, IF YOU WANNA CROWN YOUR GRIZZ THEN CROWN EM!!!!!
samcl1990::Just go away already. I can tell we're getting under your skin. The ALL CAPS KINDA GIVES IT AWAY
ttooom22::YOU GOT ME SHAKING WITH YOUR DUMB COMMENTS LMFAO
Jmac4539::Donald Sterling needs to get cancer and die so a decent owner can take over
b-train187::Goodbye you  Ignorant fool wishing somebody dies of cancer.
samcl1990::Little harsh isn't it? Couldn't you just wish he would die of natural causes?
ttooom22::HEY SAM THE CLAM.  I WISH I WAS AS COOL AS YOU!
samcl1990::Well we don't always get what we want.
Soonerhopeful1::As a Clippers fan....  Griz fans can do the jig, do a little dance, make like jokes and   " Party ".. Big win, and they deserve to   be proud..!               Griz didn't win by the   80 Points some had suggested pregame  !
Jac4Grizzlies::True
gotigersmemphis87::Really, 80 points? You're dumb. No one said that
ttooom22::YOU GRIZZ FANS LOOK LIKE COMPLETE JOKES
ttooom22::NAH, YOUR ALRIGHT, JUST SHOWING LOVE FOR YOUR TEAM, JUST NOT VERY SMART, BUT EITHER IS EVERY OTHER TEAMS FANS
gasol1883::Neither not either homie
samcl1990::Yeah we're not classy like you Knicks fans
samcl1990::Well, pat yourself on the back there. Good work
ttooom22::#1 FRANCHISE IN FORBES BECAUSE OF US FANS
trollvtroll6::&lt;3 trolls
