0mar4449::deron williams u look upset come join the lakers
CandySparker::Super DeDe!
Taphawn::I feel bad for D.Williams his team is garbage and hope things work out for him
Coffin_Filla::hes the one who wanted out of Utah... who cares like seeing them lose
GGGMEN07::N!E!T!S! NETS! NETS! NETS!
KingGeorge53::Very impressive road win for the Raps.
Syracuse 2012 champs::Raps won 3 of their last 4... all on the road!...  Somebodys starting to hit their stride...
goyanks611::Right when you think the Nets are starting to turn it around they play a game like they did tonight.  They are an embarrassment.
footbawll::haha you think the nets might have a chance to amount to something this year?....then they poop it all away.
NoChorus12::Well, we finished strong.  Yay.
jgrahamwinning::Many people here blog about betting and so on. I have bet on sports for a few years now and have gone through handicappers like women. Two months ago I found a system sportsbettingstar.com that is pretty decent. I have only lost 1 bet so far. It is a 2 game betting system were you double down if you lose the first bet. Im 30-1 doing this so far. Thought I would post this for anyone who is looking for a good handicapper or is just tired of BS handicappers that lose all the time like I was
drftw42134::Well I feel a little better now to know that the team that we beat before (Cavaliers) just beat the Boston Celtics by 1 point lol.
bernotas22@yahoo.com::Kleiza needs more PT permanent starter solid player efficient good team player
bernotas22@yahoo.com::yeah but he scored 25 the game before
gri400::which means he should show some consistenty before he starts getting more playing time. he was fine tonight though
JoeyDorsey4MVP::he wasn't good against denver...so don't let him off the hook completely
gri400::thats the way the raps need to play when bargs is hurt, solid team effort all around. GG to the nets fans that sat thru that. Bayless and demar with great games today. great to see a win without bargs
MetsNLChamps2012::Raptors + 5 1/2 was the easiest bet for me in some time... DeRozen was huge baby
Raptorsfan080::Raptors win, Raptors win, Raptors win! :)
jnova6::Bring out the salami and cheese cuz this ballgame is over!
MetropolitanFan::Big deal,you clowns are going no where
Raptorsfan080::LOL. Nets aint going anywhere but the bottom cellar. SUCKKER.
JoeyDorsey4MVP::A 21 point win...I'll take it i guess...
MetropolitanFan::Laid a big time egg in this game
drftw42134::Nets were too confident and look what happens. We let one slip by especially when we had the advantage. Good game Raptors. Nets play how you played before this loss and try to get a victory against the Pacers
Jay29995::thee under 184.5 was a gimme
JoeyDorsey4MVP::OMG OMG OMG an Alabi sighting? for real!
gri400::he does exist!
champion_134::wet, juicy farts &gt; pro bowl game
Jay29995::d.umba.ss!
jdp86::The Raptors need a solid Point Guard desperately. I don't even know whose available. But i'd package our first round pick this year for someone legit.
Qiox::10 pts 9 assists 5 rebounds 1 turnover....  you can count the number of PG better than Jose on 1 hand and there's no hope of any of them coming to the Raps.
Manglers24::probably should keep your first rounder... your team needs it desperately... you beat the nets....  congratulations
jdp86::If we could package our first with a roster player for a quality point guard. Pull the trigger. We have enough young guns *Jonas, Demar, Ed, Amir, AB, JJ
winfield47::Plus this upcoming draft is deep with talent because of all the players that skipped the last one because of the looming lockout. Teams won't give up picks in the top 10 easy like that. The top 10 in this draft would've all been top 3 picks this last draft.
winfield47::Jose is one of the better starting PGs in the league. Most consider him really underrated. He's a great passer. And Bayless is one of the better backup PGs in the league. He'd prob start on a couple of teams. Raps have actually played pretty well this year when Bargs isn't hurt.
gri400::it would have to be a damn good PG for that to happen
Raptorsfan080::yeahh Jose fits this system beautifullyy
gri400::since when is jose not legit? he's pretty good, and trading our 1st? not happening
netsbucs::WTF happend man we beat the 76ers at there home and now were getting blown out by the $@%!$@% Raptors without bargnani? WTF  i dont know if we were tooo confident or what but $@%! we need to win next game to redeem ourselves.
Jay29995::how much $ did you lost?
brickznujerz::we thought it'll be an easy game but we frucked up
brickznujerz::never knew Raptore fans talked so much $@%! lol.  Good game tho ya blew us out so watever on to the next game.
Raptorsfan080::haha, when other "fans" talk shiiii, ya gotta do the same
brickznujerz::haha u know what man ur right i'll give you that
jdp86::Jonas Valancuinass, Andrea Bargnani, Harrison Barnes, Demar DeRozan and Jose Calderon. Your 2012 Toronto Raptors!
bernotas22@yahoo.com::that's a sick lineup
gri400::looking good. do you think jose is still here at the start of next year? i'm going with 50/50
jnova6::I kind of prefer MKG over Barnes but still a potentially good starting 5.
justsayyeah7::It doesn't look like the Nets will get Howard and if Williams leaves at the end of the year that will be tough.  The Nets will move to Brookyn with a complete garbage team.  Not like they are great now.
Manglers24::Well 0 for 2 betting against the raptors... last time they decided to beat utah for the first time in seven years
dperez9876::had the nets as well, hot coming in and then you lose to a doormat at home w/o there best player...oh well- that's betting!
brickznujerz::raptors best game of the season.  They'll still be one of the worst teams in the league so w/e
gri400::whatever, get a good draft pick, thats what we are going for
fastfootedone::the Raptors are always a joke, but then again, so are the Nets -- guess that makes this an histerical matchup.:)
JoeyDorsey4MVP::Yup, we're fine with that...it\s all about next year anyways...
brickznujerz::same for us. D12 BABY
jjc11293::Good game Raptors fans, I think I'm going to go shower and completely forget this game ever happened.
gri400::GG to you to. must have been hard to watch all of that
wwsi pprofit::my sons high school team better shooters than jersey FACT
crimson-knights123::You don't have a son. #FACT
fastfootedone::USA is about to play Canada in women's soccer...i'm guessing that will be more entertaining.....and that's saying something..lol
jnova6::Demar has been good tonight. If only he plays like this on a consistent basis...
JoeyDorsey4MVP::we could only wish...
jon72589::townson &gt; nets
Raptorsfan080::Toronto is a better team than NJ. Deron will realize that and will leave this sorry $@% team.
jdp86::I wouldn't call AB, DD, Jonas Valaciunass, a top 5 this year and 18 million in cap space being in the toilet
thekola::Doesnt matter how much cap space  toronto has? No one wants to play there. Stop living in denial. VC , McGrady, Bosh. All bailed first chance they got prretty much. No one who is a free agent ever says, I'm thinking Toronto and a couple other teams. Always been that way, always will be
Qiox::This argument is like saying "My polished tur.d is better than your polished tur.d"
netsbucs::wow one blowout win u guys suck every year so don't even talk and btw btw we beat u already
Raptorsfan080::LOL. Nets suck much more. thanks for the blowout win losers.
thekola::has any team in the HISTORY of the NBA ever said that they want to go play in Canada?? Enough said
netsbucs::dumbasssssssssssssssssssss ur team always sucked
brickznujerz::hahaha WOMP WOMP
fastfootedone::maybe, but they both are in the toilet
netsbucs::cmon if the nets want dwight howard they have to stop playing like the magic
fastfootedone::snooze fest
fastfootedone::I didn't realize NJ sucked this much donngg -- and Toronto is total crap too
brickznujerz::this is embarrassing man wtf
wwsi pprofit::thats y dwight dont want to go there duhhhhhhhhhhhh
thekola::um, actually he keeps saying he does want to play for the nets. He continually names 3 teams. nets are one of them. are you tryna appear dumb on purpose to be annoying?
wwsi pprofit::whats embarassing is jersey pays them for this lmao
netsbucs::...................................
gri400::come to think of it, none of our C's have been on the floor this game, gray, bargs (hurt) or magloire. this lineup has been great today
netsbucs::i thought avery johnson was known for coaching defense?
thekola::not about defense. The nets have 62 points with about 8 minutes left
greenbeand::what happened to aaron gray.. hasn't seen a minute of floor time and racked up 11 rb's last game?
crimson-knights123::Raptors def. came out to play on offense tonight.
385Greg::every now and then low shooting teams shoot well for a night i guess
jjc11293::agreed, and needless to say the Nets didn't.
JoeyDorsey4MVP::Their two leading scorers aren't playing and yet they're winning by this much ? werid
gri400::raps got beat down at home by the nets before, now it looks like they are returning the favor. nice to be on the other side of these scores for once
Qiox::I sure hope there will come a day when Davis makes that shot on a regular basis.
Raptorsfan080::agreed
crimson-knights123::Embarassing.
Raptorsfan080::DEMARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
gri400::Demar on fire tonight!
Manglers24::Nothing would make me happier than to see the Raps blow this lead
Raptorsfan080::too bad ur crusty Nets will lose
JoeyDorsey4MVP::My Raptors are blowing out the NETS bizarre...
