Kyle Dye::Congratulations Ute fans. You must feel so good for booing that 2 year old. Way to be mature.
Ty Harry::Like no BYU fan hasn't done the same. Get over yourself, Utah is a State, Brigham Young is a controversial garbage pile.
Kyle Dye::I feel comfortable in saying that no BYU fan has booed a two year old just because he was wearing the rivals t-shirt. And unless you have proof otherwise I stand by my statement.
Jamie Brentwood::C'mon Bucks! Win this one for the Jazz!
Shoot Jung::Jazz will win!
David Lawrence::By how much??
Justin Nixon::I hate that my Bucks are playing this game without Henson.. last time Favors and Canter feasted in the post.. oh well Knight is playing well, just need Mayo and Butler to play some kind of positive basketball
Dennis McBride::JAZZ teasing us and acting like they can cover the spread.  Happens every game.  Big leads and they let it fizzle the last 3 minutes of the game.
Matt Connelly::C'mon Jazz, why you gotta be winning so much lately? Someone needs to get "injured" so Jazz can get Jabari Parker :)
Jeeves Sritharan::the downside of the nba league pass is listening to local media  the jazz commentators was what i expected
Dan Lower::Ok Jazz, you made it 'interesting'.  Time to finish off the worst team in the league.
Wild Silverback::JAZZZZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz !!!
Brendyn Scott::and this is the stretch where the Jazz win too many games.
Preston Tripp::well if the jazz were smart they'd lose to the bucks every time they played haha
Dave Green::The Bucks wouldn't allow that, they'd make sure they lose to the Jazz. Trey Burke has made the Jazz too good to get the #1 pick.
Preston Tripp::Dave Green I know but they should rest favors and hayward and see how good Trey really is haha
Francis Gagné::and play Gobert at least. Full minutes to Kanter also
Rene Covarrubias::What u guys think over 182 or under?
Logan Scisco::Jazz making a run to the playoffs!
Nick Dorey::The GREEK FREAK!!
Joey Guenther::Clash of the Tanks
Joe Villagrana::right on boo byu
Kyle Dye::That wasn't booing BYU. That was booing a 2 year old you idiot! You hve to be one heck of a scumbag  to boo a 2 year old kid. Regardless of team affiliation.
Kyle Miller::Game of the decade.
