Unbiasedfan83::No mention of Lebron being the youngest to hit the 18,000 point mark
KyleKorver69::lol mj never whined like james and wade, not even close....  james is more worried about whining than finishing, and wade isnt far behind, thats why neither will never measure up to mj...
bennettjake::MJ use to flop and cry all the time look where hes at now
huntsman parkins rock::hi guys
KyleKorver69::wade and james flail their arms and scream after every contested shot, I cant even stand to watch them play, guess Im old school, I would rather score on my own rather than "ACT" like I got fouled because I didnt make a shot, the NBA really needs to crack down on all the crying and screaming foul, its ruining the game....
bennettjake::MJ did the same thing the best ever are great at it
Gillyballer1980::Kobe screams all the time and does the same thing even when he is not fouled
Gillyballer1980::It is  not just those 2 that do this. It is most of the players who act this way.
brandonlee561heat::Old school? with the username "KyleKorver69"? Comical.
KyleKorver69::on my sons account, but yes, he is a korver fan, not sure what that has to do with my post, but ok.
kingyankee2323::can somebody please tell me why the heat get 'grades' every game?
bennettjake::because people wana read about it
sponge-worthy::same reason they have their own tab at the top of the screen
Ambient80::Because people click the links when they're posted, and so they (ESPN) are supported in posting them.
fairandbalanced00::Chicago has got to be careful with Indiana and Philadelphia if they are hoping to face the Heat in the ECF. I wouldn't be surprised if either one of them meet the Heat. They're very diverse offensively and do not depend on "one player" to win games, especially in the playoffs.
perrypete::the problem is the bulls depend on the wrong player!  this is the third straight year chicago is better without rose +/-.  deng being out has proven how much more valuable he is than rose.
wtx543::The heat won a regular season game. Thats front page material for ESPN
nerd_vana506::there were bigger games going on other than this
brandonlee561heat::Both these teams were tied for 2nd place in the eastern conference before this game. Was a big game.
stone419::you clicked on it didnt you?
wtx543::yeah 2nd place is such a big deal
brandonlee561heat::You are now listening to: Walking on a Dream, by Empire of the Sun
jared0111::guys aren't gay because they discuss music they're into. sort of a big difference between referencing dj's and anal penetration. didn't you hear what grant hill and jared dudley were saying?
fliptide..::<b><pre>^ Gayest thread, ever.  </pre></b>
brandonlee561heat::Nah me either. at all, just like good music.
fishheatfins::Do you stay in Miami?
brandonlee561heat::Anyone really, Avici, David Guetta, Beetroots
fishheatfins::I said it because people usually associate ultra with pookie heads. What dj you like
fishheatfins::The Kaskade remix is good
fishheatfins::Been once. (I am not a pookie head though) Just want to put that out there. lol
brandonlee561heat::Never heard it, ill check it out. You go to Ultra?
wazzupp4::U CANT HANDLE THE FINALS  HAVE FUN W/ UR REGULAR SEASON $@%!$@%
Robert156877::Maybe this person has anger issues and goes around cursing and yelling all the time ...
brandonlee561heat::"Caps lock" is underneath the "tab" button.
wazzupp4::dirk nowitski&gt;lebron jj barea&gt; wade tyson chandler&gt; bosh jason kidd&gt; chalmers  whole dallas bench&gt; heat bench
RyanCarranza::Yeah if Barea and Chandler were still on Dallas...
TheSixthHeatle::MR. Cuban please dont start today, please.
nba is the worst::They had an excellent reason.
IlyaKol::Most Mavs fans live in the past. They didn't shut up about 2006 until they won the Finals last year lol.
Eternal_Sage::uuh you got your matchups mixed bud
brandonlee561heat::lmao, kids these days..
sprtzfanenglund::The Bucks have beaten the Miami Heat the last three times that they have played. If the Bucks stay healthy and make the playoffs, do they have a shot at knocking the Miami Heat out of the playoffs?
Robert156877::Possible, but I doubt it.  If they stay healthy and make the playoffs, they will probably be an 8th seed and play the Bulls the first round.
wazzupp4::hell yeah
Eternal_Sage::anything is possible but then again like last year what happens in the regular season doesn't translate well into the post season
ironroses99::WHERE DA HATERS AT
earlealston::Really? You're signed to the Mavs? Oh right, you're just a Dirk(maybe Kobe) n.u.t.-hugging, Lebron hating douc(h)e.
wazzupp4::i mean trophy
wazzupp4::sorry haters were too busy polishing their championship ring.
nba is the worst::Next, after this exhausting (2-gm) road trip, is a home game rested vs the 8-win Raptors.  Raptors have one win vs a .500+ team...
brandonlee561heat::They killed the Wizards last night, who beat Oklahoma City..
brandonlee561heat::yea, that was cool.
nba is the worst::Did you check out that schedule link - some interesting stuff
brandonlee561heat::lol
nba is the worst::Wizards were at home, with a huge ft margin - BFD  East is weak.
ThiscantbeAwesomebeast222::Dam dem refs, Lebronz cnt win without dem LOL  Fail by haters
Eternal_Sage::miami  = awesome.  thoughts?
brandonlee561heat::We just have to beat the "crappy" teams
nba is the worst::At flopping/crying for/getting calls, correct
Robert156877::You must be talking about LeBron.
nba is the worst::One game
Eternal_Sage::THEY ONLY HAD 6 MORE FTS AND WON BY 20
nba is the worst::Man - Denver really got the shaft on this B2B2B - @ Clipps, host Lakers, tonight at Portland. They also have TWO B2B2Bs.  Do the heatles even PLAY a B2B2B?
octavius9685::everyone will this year......its just timing....u see the lakers got that schedule love that they always get, by having thier b2b2b in the first week of the season...so they will be rested before the playoffs
nba is the worst::My bad (edited) - here's a nice link to an analysis:  http://www.nbastuffer.com/tag/NBA_2011-2012_Schedule.html
brandonlee561heat::I think they have to, to get all the games played
nba is the worst::Every team has a B2B2B, but 12 have 2 B2B2Bs...
brandonlee561heat::Starts next the 12th I think?
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::yea Feb. 12 13 and 14. VS  ATL, MIL and IND
RIPJoePa::Damn the heat just aint fair. They have 3 future hall of famers startinfg
confinedstew12::Bosh is definitely not making the HOF. Sorry
chitownwesst::foh Bosh is nowhere near heading to HOF
IlyaKol::Based on what? He's a 20-10 guy for the most part so far in his career and may have a couple titles as a KEY piece when it's all said and done. That isn't HOF worthy? Typical Bulls fan.  It all depends on how many titles he wins as part of the big 3. If he wins one when he's 38 and playing 5 minutes a game...then yeah...probably not a HOF. But if he wins 1 or 2 average 19/8 or 20/9 as a key piece of Miami? He'll definitely be on the ballot.
octavius9685::so did the 90' bulls, the pistons on the 80's the celtics of the 80' the lakers of the 80's......so what...
Turner030::I guess people forget that Kobe was drafted by Charlotte and demanded a trade on draft night. Yet, Lebron gets all the bad talk for playing out his contract with the team that drafted him and left when he was a FREE AGENT.
manoftroy90::When he took CLE to the finals look at his other 4 starters with him. They were gonna lose to the Spurs regardless. CLE front office never gave him a B type player, they always get somebody who is past their prime ie BWallace,Shaq,AJamison. Anybody in their right mind will leave. Kyrie will leave also.
octavius9685::no one wants to live in cleveland.....thats just how it is. CLEVELAND SUCKS
RockAZ_98::And who has ever had a show just to announce his new destination, and then has another show and guarantees 5,6,7 titles. He asked to be a target, and as he continues to choke in post seasons...it's that even more enjoyable watching him choke.
Robert156877::Most of the hate come from his jacking everyone around.  Cleveland thought they had a chance to retain him when he had made his decision years earlier.  He didn't even have the class to tell his team in person that he was leaving.
nba is the worst::Disagree - they had invested 7 years in the guy, despite his playoff disappearances. To stage his ring-chasing announcement like he did was truly pathetic.
Turner030::I agree that the whole hour thing and making title guarantees was a bit too much but I still think most of the hate comes just from the fact that he left. Remember they started burning his jersey just minutes after his announcement. They didn't mention titles until days after. The hate was already at full force.
nba is the worst::Did you forget his promise to the title-starved Ohio fanbase, that he "(wouldn't) stop until he brought home the title"?
octavius9685::preach brutha preach........KOBE gets a super media pass of stuff like this...if labron did that, espn would remind u every highlight
Nanrad_91::Not the same. This isn't to bash LeBron, but Kobe had a different relationship with city and fans of Charlotte than Kobe...meaning it was non-existent. LeBron crushed a city, Kobe wasn't even there to do any damage.
Almightykingdom::I'd crush Cleveland too....and Detroit. $@%! of industry, or lack-there-of.
mr mellow::Miami put the sixers in their place.  They are making progress Collins is doing a great job.  Not ready for prime time.  At least they are entertaining.  I wish the sorry Knicks had a coach like Doug C.
octavius9685::untill they get a point guard....yep
octavius9685::naw, the knicks are gunna get phil jackson....WATCH. HES TAKING THIS YEAR OFF TO GET HIS KNEES HEALTHY, AND HES GUNNA BE BACK
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::and the knicks still gonna suck
SKIP_BAYLESS1::The thing with the Heat it doesnt matter what Lebron does in he regular season. If the "Chosen One" turns back into the Frozen One in the postseason thats what he will be remembered for
mr mellow::Steven A. Smith said the same thing and I agree.  If Lebron wants to be remembered as comparable to Mike and Kobe then he must step up to the plate when it matters most!
SKIP_BAYLESS1::Wow, its amazing that as many people claim to hate the Heat all their ESPN conversations have 5000+ comments for regular season games.
octavius9685::kill urself eternal
Eternal_Sage::I tried, but my awesomness stopped me and my mission is to torture trolls like you
brandonlee561heat::It's amazing that people make fake usernames depicting other people.
brandonlee561heat::lmao
Eternal_Sage::Chris Bosh one is the best one of all
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::They want to be them.
Eternal_Sage::WE HATE YOU SKIP BAYLESS
SKIP_BAYLESS1::UNLEASH!!! Tim Tebow
octavius9685::heat vs clippers would be the wildest finals ever.......
octavius9685::cuz kobe would get circles ran around him.....
SKIP_BAYLESS1::I agree the Lebron v Kobe finals has lost some luster with me
brandonlee561heat::Can't believe Indiana is in 3rd place in the East
Nanrad_91::I'm going with Chicago.
fishheatfins::Its a toss up between Indy, Philly, and Chicago to face the Heat in the ECF
ike_phi215::indy is good
wazzupp4::i bet lebron wish he bought ron artest's ring when he auction it off for charity
octavius9685::yeah...what he said...he wAs traded from the hornets to the lakers.....WHO HAD SIGNED SHAQ...
nba is the worst::Wrong again - Shaq wasn't traded until After Kobe.
Turner030::And that he cried on draft day to be traded from Charlotte.
nba is the worst::^^ What he said
octavius9685::like kobe wasnt drafted by a team with SHAQ IN HIS PRIME!!!!  but people forget that right
sprtzfanenglund::Premature to guarantee a ring for LeBron this year, sure, but the Heat look like a tough opponent for any team to beat. It wouldn't surprise me if the Heat won the NBA Finals this year. They nearly did it their first year together on a team stricken with injuries and that lacked depth. This year they should be even better.
octavius9685::really.....kobe was draft the same year shaq went to the lakers.....WTF are u talking about
nba is the worst::Nice tries - kobe wasn't drafted by a team with Shaq in his prime - and it's WAY premature to say "labron"(lol) "wins one"
octavius9685::once labron wins one...this june, what will the bron haters have to say....i think labron is only second to obama in the number of people who blindly hate him
sprtzfanenglund::Yup. It's LeBron's fault when they lose but LeBron had help when they win. Apparently, he is the only one in the NBA with teammates.
Turner030::They will revert back to complaining that he has help.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Gotta get all the ring comments in while you still have the chance.
brandonlee561heat::Great.
nba is the worst::Well, back to square 1 on streak for cash - Even with Kobe at 7-23, Nuggs lost
Eternal_Sage::Knicks are in shambles.. their hc has to go
sprtzfanenglund::You do realize that is D'antoni's fault right? His system is an offensive machine, but no defense.
brandonlee561heat::I feel bad for D'antoni. They dont play defense at all!
brandonlee561heat::Yea, I picked the Heat last night, and a soccer prop this morning with win, draw, lose by 1, and the team lost by 6. So im 7-4-1 now.
brandonlee561heat::but they robbed me, as soon as the Heat game finished, i picked 4 or less 3-pointers, which was correct, to be made in the finals 3 minutes of the 3rd quarter of the Knicks Celtics game, and it ended up being cancelled.
Clipper Fan Since Loy Vaught::Sixers = FRAUDS.... LeBron is the greatest of all time.  Michael Jordan wishes he was as nice as LeGOAT.
Nanrad_91::This is shameful....
nba is the worst::Baaaaa
Owned24_7_365::<b>Lebron is the best..................... at making the refs look the other way</b>
sprtzfanenglund::I'd like to see you try and stop LeBron James from scoring without fouling him. Oh, and the refs didn't look the other way when they blew the whistle three times on him in the fourth quarter.
-whoa-::KOBE 60 points away from passing Shaq and becoming top 5 scorer of all time, witness the REAL greatness
tonysws::Kobe shoots 45 times per game!! LeBron is the best all around player! He can play all 5 spots if need be!
Eternal_Sage::LOL
brandonlee561heat::This is the Heat v 6ers board.
-whoa-::oh shiit really? my bad
brandonlee561heat::If first row is down tomorrow Im going to have to miss the game :(
brandonlee561heat::Oh sweet, sometimes when the second one pops up I accidentally click it, and fear I may get a virus
brandonlee561heat::got it, thanks.
nba is the worst::Once you wait through the 1st ad, you don't have to keep closing the one over the full screen button - nice change
Eternal_Sage::REMOVE IT HIDE THE EVIDENCE
nba is the worst::With some of the butthurt fanboys here, I'd rather not get suspended...
brandonlee561heat::alright, I will, thanks.
Eternal_Sage::first
nba is the worst::Got it ES?
nba is the worst::Heatles are clearly the best 3rd place team in the NBA
nba is the worst::The eu version is working -
Eternal_Sage::all of them are.
nba is the worst::Were you guys listening to 76ers announcer Malik Rose?  He was impressive - loved him calling out biased ref James Capers!
brandonlee561heat::sun sports here
PlayaMade5::If Iggy was more of a scorer, he would be awesome.
mbutley::Iggy is not a scorer....he can't hit the broad side of a barn and this from a sixers fan.  he stinks against good teams....they need to dump him and Brand asap.
brandonlee561heat::He is a scorer... but the Heat have held him to 4 and 10 points both times they have played them.
nba is the worst::The D in the 4th Q was terrific - Philly couldn't do anything
brandonlee561heat::The beginning of the 3rd quater was hard to watch. Heat were 0 for 10, and 6ers were 1 for 9 in the first 6 minutes
Eternal_Sage::so.. Miami heat back on top :D
chubby rain::U guys sound like KIDS, SMH.
nba is the worst::3rd place in the league, 2nd place in the east.  <b>FAIL</b>
Eternal_Sage::who only had +6 fts and still whooped $@% mr ref ?
nba is the worst::So - you said they were back on top - when they never WERE on top.  WHO WHO WHO was #2 after the Finals?
Eternal_Sage::so? last year  bullcs were number one. miami two. WHO WENT TO THE FINALS. WHO WHO WHO!
nba is the worst::Except in the standings
Eternal_Sage::pfft miami &gt; bulls and Okc
Owned24_7_365::Lebron: 2 points in the 4th hahahahah
sprtzfanenglund::I think he meant, hate on him. Because most comments that people make about LeBron ARE about his numbers, like scoring only 2 points in the fourth quarter in this game against the Sixers. He's talking about the people who have to say something negative about him no matter what. It's not the same as hating a player but still giving him credit for being a good player. They have no respect. That is what we are talking about. Haters.
octavius9685::people just need something negative to say about labron....no rational person can look at his numbers and still hate him
sprtzfanenglund::LeBron does more than score. He had 4 rebounds in the fourth quarter and put pressure on the Sixers defensively to create some of the opportunities for his team to score. And it's not like the Heat needed LeBron to score in the fourth this game... Sometimes it's more important to win a game than have gaudy stats. The Heat won and you're still getting on LeBron's case. It was a team effort but you can't take that away from LeBron. Honestly, it just sounds like you're jealous your team doesn't have LeBron. I wish he were on my home team.
-whoa-::LOL wade is the best on this team
Eternal_Sage::so?
wazzupp4::boston celtics r coming 7 of 8 wins baby pierce is fueled
wazzupp4::yeah that was a brutal loss to cleveland  we coming though
nba is the worst::No center + 3 geezers = "not coming"
Owned24_7_365::u rdy for the SB kidd
Owned24_7_365::should have been 8 in a row.. choking a lot to Cleveland
-whoa-::LOL
wazzupp4::how bout we shut down the miami heat conversations until lebron gets a title?
Nanrad_91::I don't think LeBron should have to win a title to prove that he is great, but he will to some of his detractors. I personally don't like LeBron, but I won't deny his talent. In a way, he put himself in this hole by not showing up in when it counts. By this, I mean the games where it is universally agreed that LeBron gave up when he could have done more. He further put himself in the hole by guaranteeing a lot of championships to Miami. So, if he wasn't believed to be born without a clutch gene and didn't make huge promises, then he wouldn't have been in this predicament.
sprtzfanenglund::Derek Rose hasn't won a title yet but I don't think that means we should stop talking about him either. LeBron is a good basketball player. One of the best. Honesty, I don't think he HAS to win a title to prove that. Same with Derek Rose. It's not like they don't let you into the Hall of Fame if you don't have a ring....
wazzupp4::cuz all we will hear is people comparing lbj to mj
Nanrad_91::You're a moron. Most of the players today either wanted to be like him or better than him--he is one of the comparisons for greatness. He revolutionized the game in his day and his influence still noticeable.
brandonlee561heat::True, that guy is annoying.
Eternal_Sage::shhh I may start doing comparisons in a second &gt;&gt;&gt;
nba is the worst::Slurpfordian Theory, for one
brandonlee561heat::Those people are morons. The guy hasn't played in almost 15 years! Who cares!?
Eternal_Sage::can we shut down the bulls and okc too?
wazzupp4::y not
brandonlee561heat::Why?
brandonlee561heat::Sup, Es
Eternal_Sage::sup bro1 lol I'm tired
wazzupp4::dddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiirrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnoooooooooooooooowiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitskkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkki
-whoa-::lol its funny to see how arrogant heat fans are, comparing lebron to jordan, saying jordan won his 1st at 27, all that. Jordan was a much better jumpshooter than lebron, lebron is drive dunk or drive beg for fouls. Kobe is the closest the league has ever seen to Jordan, he got the rings, he used to be one of the best drivers in the league and now is the best midrange shooter in the league just like jordan was
Vince Bahamas.::Just like brett favre is the all time leader in yards,td's,completions and int's  Just like kareem is the all time scorer  You play 17-20 years relatively healthy you will rack up stats
-whoa-::uh last time i checked kobe career average 25 points a game so ill call that great and he also averaged 35 in 06, scored 81 in one game, well call him one of the best scorers of all time and pretend u never started this convo. k?
Vince Bahamas.::Comparing kobe to jordan is a joke too  Kobes defense is overrated,his bball iq is overrated and he A;LWAYS Has big men jordan had cartwright and longley in a league were bigs dominated  The top 5 scorers were C's/Pf's and jordan was the Only guard
Eternal_Sage::wait.. rodmen and pippen = overrated?
-whoa-::? Kobe will be top 5 scorers of all time when hes done?
Eternal_Sage::If you're comparing them in terms of abilites, mj and lebron are pretty close
-whoa-::JORDAN CHANGED HIS GAME TO A POST PLAYER AND JUMPSHOOTER LATER IN HIS CAREER, WHEN LEBRON STARTS DOING THAT #GOODBYE2ELITESCORER
nba is the worst::Well, it IS the opposite of "home court advantage"!
Eternal_Sage::JORDAN DIDN'T WIN A RING FOR THE FIRST 7 YEARS OF HIS CAREER EITHER. CLUTCH IS OVERRATED *CHANTS8
-whoa-::Lebron is not even close to MJ in the ability to shoot ur crazy, and the ABILITY to score in the 4th and in clutch moments, not even close Jordan would MERKKKK lebron in that ABILITY
Eternal_Sage::hey nba is the worse. is +6 ft's still a ref job? :P
Eternal_Sage::those are techinques not abilites, in terms of shooting, passing, rebounding, defending they are very close
nba is the worst::Because winning titles isn't the goal?  MJ had the ability to step UP his game in the Finals...
-whoa-::not even close, look at their midrange games, jordan invented the turnaround jumper
wazzupp4::dirk&gt; lebron
sportsplex23::Not comparing lebron to jordan...we are just sayin this whole thing of hatin on bron is getting old fast. He is amazing...get over it.
-whoa-::im not hating his driving ability is the best in the league but thats it, he cant close games in the 4th either so idk what yall see in him, wade&gt;bron
sportsplex23::ok you are right, almost any player that has ever touched a basketball is way better! Are you serious?
-whoa-::hes not amazing at all lol hes only a 1 dimensional scorer
-whoa-::and once lebron gets past his prime like kobe is, no way in hell he will keep up all that driving and dunking so i dont see him winning ANY rings after his prime so he better start now
Eternal_Sage::morning
sportsplex23::sup sage?
Eternal_Sage::lol what else is new..
sportsplex23::full of haters dogg.
Eternal_Sage::not much! how is the board?
gbac16::ESPN was pumping up that double header last night like it was a final four. They should have called it Pretender Night. The Celtics are the slowest team in the NBA, and will only get slower as the schedule takes its toll. The Sixers are a great story, but does anyone think they are a championship team? The Heat, obviously are good, but there's that whole fourth quarter thingy in games that matter. And the Knicks? If I were the owners I would have a late term abortion to clean that womb. At least the Giants are in the Super Bowl. I will take the Bulls against any of these teams in a series. And I would take Indiana over all but the Heat, and they would stretch the Heat to seven.
gbac16::I have seen Lebron win games single handedly many times, including his best performance ever against the Pistons in whatever playoff game that was.  However, he will be judged based on his performance in fourth quarters of NBA finals games.  Is that fair?  Why isn't anyone else held to that same standard?   Rhetorical questions, here are my thoughts: It is fair because of the choice he made to go Miami and join two other stars.  Had he stayed in Cleveland, he could have continued to play at the same amazing level as he still does, and people would blame the organization for the teams' shortcomings. When you have done everything else that a player can possibly achieve, all that is left is leading your team, in crunch time to a championship.  He hasn't done that.  For whatever reason, I don't believe that Lebron has the nasty, killer instinct that Michael and Kobe have displayed.  Of course they will be good, and they have a great chance to win.  But until they do, the questions will continue.  My initial post was mostly to talk about how the media continues to perpetuate this myth that Boston and NY are contenders.  They are barely playoff teams, and the Knicks aren't even one.
gbac16::"Nearly won the NBA Final in Cleveland" is a stretch considering they got swept.  His decision to leave Cleveland changed how everyone perceived him as a competitor, that much is clear.  Does it change our expectations of him as a player?  Absolutely.  He wanted the spotlight, got it, and in the biggest games of his life; he has disappeared (and quit)- against the Celtics two years ago and the Mavericks last year.  If winning was all that mattered to him (as it is to Kobe and was to Michael), he would have went to the Bulls who had the perfect infrastructure in place.  Or, he and Bosh should take less money to put more components in place.
sprtzfanenglund::Also, I can't say that just because you have three stars together that that automatically makes you a good team. They were practically in a rebuilding year. Don't get me wrong, James, Wade, and Bosh are an unbelievable core to build your team around, but you can't say that James was all of a sudden in a better situation just because he left Cleveland. Of course there were a lot of better teams than Cleveland at that point, but Miami was stricken with injury and lacked depth. Not exactly a winning formula when James, Wade, and Bosh score almost 90% of the teams points. It's a good start for Miami, but last year was really just the beginning. They really should only get better. Did James decision to leave Cleveland change how we should judge his performance last year? Not really. There was still a lot of pressure for him to try and fit into a new team AND still be the Superstar he was in Cleveland. Not always easy to figure out in one year. Give the Heat a couple of years before we judge them and LeBron.
sprtzfanenglund::Ok, I understand your point. I just don't think it's fair to judge Lebron based alone on those four games that the Heat lost to Dallas in the NBA Finals. I'll give you a couple reasons. First, it was LeBron's first year with the Heat (new head coach, new teammates, new environment, all around new experience). Second, LeBron James played the most min out of anyone in the NBA throughout the post season (I'm not sure about regular season but for certain the post season) including 262 min in the NBA Finals. With those kinds of min I'm not surprised his numbers were down in the NBA Finals. It's a long road just to get to the Finals and it seemed apparent to me that James tank was running low in the fourth quarter. Honestly, I think Spolstra should have rested him more but that's my opinion. Third, the pressure kept building on James to be Miami's savior (let's face it, James had to perform well in order for the Heat to even get to the Finals.) especially with Dwayne Wade being cold most of the post season. Bosh had a few hot games but overall the Heat were relying on James for wins. But I honestly think that we need to give him more than just one year with the Heat before we judge him. He nearly won the NBA Finals with Cleveland! I don't think Michael Jordan or Kobe Bryant can say they ever took such a bad team to the Finals... Killer instinct? James has it. He has given us quite the resume to prove it. All he needs is his ring to prove to everyone else that he can be put in the same category as Jordan and Bryant.
sprtzfanenglund::No rebuttal?
gbac16::Fourth quarter thingy "in games that matter."  Sound out the words, it helps.
sprtzfanenglund::And you can't tell me that a game against a potential playoff opponent after losing to the Bucks for the second time isn't an important game....
sprtzfanenglund::Here's an example: LeBron James scored Miami's last 10 points against Boston in the Eastern SemiFinals last year. http://espn.go.com/nba/recap?id=310511014 Or game 5 against the Bulls in the Eastern Finals last year LeBron James scores 10 points in the fourth quarter. http://espn.go.com/nba/playbyplay?gameId=310526004&amp;period=4
sprtzfanenglund::You mean like in the post season last year? Lebron was dominant in the fourth quarter against the Hawks, Celtics, and Bulls. He only struggled against Dallas. But you can't say Lebron struggles in ALL important games. That just isn't true. Do you realize how hard it is to even get to the Finals in the NBA? Getting to the Finals in his first year with the Heat is impressive no matter how you look at it. And the Heat look better this year. They have the potential to beat anyone in the Finals. To say otherwise would be ignorance.
sprtzfanenglund::Fourth quarter thingy? Didn't you see the game? The Heat blew the Sixers out of the water in the fourth quarter! The Heat scored TWICE as many points than the Sixers in the fourth quarter!
wazzupp4::hey guys  why do u not ask lebron for change for a dollar?  he will only give u 3 quarters
swaggamento916::will lebron ever get a ring yes or no
wazzupp4::nope. shys away in 4th quarter and thunder and bulls will beat them
sprtzfanenglund::Do you enjoy being ignorant?
wazzupp4::at least horry can hit a shot in the playoffs and the 4th courter
Mesamav85::he probably still haunts peja's dreams late at night
Mesamav85::hey hey now dont hate on scalabrine, he puts the G in ginger
sportsplex23::Players that are actually good from the list...#1:bron
hail2tharedskins_2010::Whats your point
swaggamento916::i thinks its you dont have to be good to get a ring becuz when you talk about the best ever tony parker was never $@% even with 7 rings
swaggamento916::i havent smoked enuff purp to go to bed maybe onr more blunt will do goodbye lebron lovers
Mesamav85::Robert Horry can tuck you in if you want
swaggamento916::the truth hurts dont it fellaz
Mesamav85::Lebron plays exactly how I would expect an NFL tight end to play in the NBA
Mesamav85::i love gronk but due to an overwhelming hate for new england and tom brady's hair, i kinda forget about him
Mesamav85::how about disappearing in the clutch althogether, thats why theres wide recievers
nba is the worst::Not a Gronk fan, I take it?
nba is the worst::Disappearing in the Finals?
Vince Bahamas.::HA  the sixer fans were pompous and arrogant after beating the bulls but the heat obliterated their self esteem again  The sixers are Trash
CRBROWN2588::pompous and arrogant? you're seeing what you want to see stupid $@%!$
swaggamento916::there arent any now jus a bunch of lebron lovers
nba is the worst::Hmmm - I didn't see ANY pompous and arrogant 76ers fans before this game
brcoke::who cares about the heat. they are a joke lebrick is not a winner, he ran away from his team in clevland. don't think majic or michael did this
swaggamento916::and lose to a team that will not beat them once this year so you tell me what happend
BIGGDOGG2425::How did he run away when he was a free agent? Magic had HOF'S all ready and the bulls had to go get player's for M.J. so what are you saying?
fishheatfins::@swag: Just stop already you sound like a dumbas.s
nba is the worst::"LeBron James went slithering out of Cleveland, like the NBA's Gollum"
swaggamento916::im saying the bulls are the best right now thats a fact itd not even arguable
fishheatfins::He's a idiot.
swaggamento916::ummm lebron had bosh and wade last year
wazzupp4::ha heat fans cant spell
nba is the worst::It "want"?
BIGGDOGG2425::That want happen again.
nba is the worst::And lost, with a 2-1 lead and HCA, with lebron posting the alltime record scoring decline.
fishheatfins::And they went to the finals
fishheatfins::Go do yourself a favor and compare Magic and Jordan's teams to Lebrons Cleveland team
Mesamav85::Did you see the teams that magic and jordan played on? def no HOF's at all........ now cleveland hmmmm well there was that mo williams guy....
swaggamento916::yea he might be the best loser of all time
nba is the worst::Some funny stuff in a certain morning newspaper (guess where from these quotes):  "The championship rings on Riley's hands were the biggest reason LeBron James went slithering out of Cleveland, like the NBA's Gollum, when James was a free agent"  "He said he left the Cavs because he needed a better supporting cast. Actually, he is the supporting cast.".
