Jaquine2732::good win for the sixers but we need to get that pick and roll defense fixed immediately, and stop letting teams out hustle and out muscle us, for a while this game reminded me of the utah game we cant start off bad let the other players on the pther team get hot then try to come back its not gonna work, we need to start off like we did against phoenix, grab a team by the throat and dnt let them even get in the game
Robbie813 35::Sixers landing the 5th seed.
ChelseaBlue1905::nice game by turner
whiteozrally::sixers should be 4-1 right now with that blown game against Utah. I love this team!
BigPage24::Eric Gordon looked like a stud out their today
daviho03::Sixers are a top 5 team in the east...Easy
salemram15::We're ballin right now! Great to see the lockout had little to no effect on chemistry or guys playing their role. We look even better than we did at the end of last season. Where are all those Evan Turner haters now? He’s much improved in all aspects and is playing like he’s on a mission to prove everyone wrong.  I knew he’d come around.
Iladelphia::That game he had last night was great. He has to be consistent and do stuff like that almost every night.
bobHALO 30.0::we are, but were not... we have gotten to the point where we are no longer just a "playoff team"... its part of the growth process.
Iladelphia::Sixers just have to stay healthy and they'll be a top half team in the East. I'd like to see them win a playoff series this year but we're jumping ahead of the game a little.
bobHALO 30.0::Absolutely... Until I see a legit 3-4 rise, id say we can be it IF we play our brand of ball
CosmoKramer1444::I hate the whole "Buying a team thing".  Are you supposed to exchange cattle for their services?
Blazelover13::Once again, another slow start, which worried me. But, the Sixers won every quarter after that, and that's all that matters. Good win to finish a brutal five game Western Conference road trip to start the season. Going 3-2 in five straight road games against Western Conference teams...I'll take it. Good performance out of Holiday, Turner and Hawes. The Sixers have been in every single game they've played, only losing by four to a great Portland team and by three to a fair Utah team. This team is going places. Nice win, Sixers.
TrapGameJr::What a horrible state of affairs. Start 2-0 with a blowout of Boston then go on a 0-4 skid.
augie7107::Nice 4th quarter saved us. It was nice to see Evan Turner play a quality 31 minutes. Still need to get Jodie Meeks unhinged. Home Friday, FINALLY!
dprice5811::Recap?
bobHALO 30.0::Sixers are awesomeeeee
ruffo31::boy Sixers are actually good and playing defense unlike those frauds the knicks
kkawesome50::I like how turner and gordon had about exactly the same amount of points, but turner shot the ball 10 FEWER TIMES
KeMvP277::See ya Philly fans. You guys are classy. too bad i won't talk to you again this year. Good luck to the sixers. they are good.
MrBryPhi215Mia305::wow that made my day! thanks! we get such a bad reputation with the media, we're not so bad
GoPhils2635::Nice game Holiday, 3-2 to start the season on the road is very satisfying. Lets Go Sixers!
KeMvP277::ONLY TO PHILLIEPHAN241224: http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_Zb1Of7Bk5iU/S7RT2EGyQ2I/AAAAAAAABn4/MxRCnnRvV7o/s400/6hrqlw.jpg
philliephan241224::http://www.midwestsportsfans.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/mj-laughing.gif
philaphan25::Well it was a good game.  Nola fans, the basketball season is young and I think your players will pull it together eventually (Gordon will be a beast).  Besides it's still football season for you guys!  Good luck.  Go Sixers!
KeMvP277::Well i'm a vikings fan, so you can see why i want NOLA to win so badly.
KeMvP277::Yup even if tthe hornets do shi.tty this year they will have 2 high draft picks b/c of Minni timberwolves
philaphan25::Oops my bad.  Well,  the hornets have some promising young talent they just need to get their act together a little bit.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::...?
TheMV7experience::Jrue is going to be a real player in this league. The sixers played hard last year in the playoff, with a good seeding they can do some damage. The more experience the better. They should not trade iggy, he had a bad game. He is one of the few people who can guard lebron or wade because of his size and speed. People really need to lay off the iggy hate.  And KeMvP277, sorry the phillies sell out games and have money :(
TheMV7experience::Iverson will go down as one of the best scorers in the history of this league. Iggy will never be that. He will be a 17, 6, 6 and a couple steals type of guy
salemram15::Can't go back in time and change that now. Might as well appreciate him for what he contributes to the team and his overall body of work,
goalie1113::yeah... but he is getting paid to be a 24, 10, 5 kinda guy
Whatsgoody9::not hating on iggy just he needs to step up to his full abilities  so he has not stepped in to iverson shoes
KeMvP277::I don't know why thats sad...?
DaKing0325::Keep in mind that we're the only team in the NBA yet to play a home game
Ireland297::Its only been 6 games . The hornets will get it together. They just need some time.
Ubee1121::hornets suck without Paul - go saints
KeMvP277::No they're just young and inexperienced. Wait till Gordon heats up this season.
philaphan25::I feel like you guys will do better as the season goes on and the back to back games take their toll on the older teams.  Season's still young and you guys still can pull it out.
philliephan241224::http://i.imgur.com/K55FU.jpg
KeMvP277::Probably a bandwagon philli fan
philliephan241224::http://i.imgur.com/K55FU.jpg
KeMvP277::Everybody else here is fine.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Ok lol
KeMvP277::That was only directed to that dude philliephan. Because he took a shot at Nola.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::They only purchased cliff, Papelbon, and the bench..the rest are homegrown or trades
KeMvP277::Phillies are good... at buying players. Reminds me of the Yanks.
KeMvP277::It starts with winning on friday. starting 2-5 in the west= doom especially with a young team.
KeMvP277::It's not like the Hornets to give up 11 offensive rebounds. Not good. because of how tough the west is, our season basically lies in the hands of the game on friday. Gotta beat Denver in new orleans.
Ubee1121::sixers are ballin'!!!! Evan outplayed Iggy...Iggy is expendable for a big man. Brand will not hold up all season and with speights gone...our big man roster is thin...what do you all think? Evan turner into the starting lineup and iggy sent packing?
CosmoKramer1444::Trade him for Millsap. Hawes is a keeper.  Meeks will get back on track, the thing with Iggy is that he's NEVER had a shot.
betafishlover2121::I would try to get rid of meeks and iggy, possibly for a big?
ainuggets::he prob slacked off cuz of the lockout in offseason... the thing hes gotta improve is his defense, its really bad, and if turner gets his shot more consistent i wouldnt b surprised to see an increase in his minutes over meeks
Jganon93::iggys play will keep him their, they really should start turner at the 2 though
Ubee1121::HAWES is a BEAST --- 72% from the floor and half his shots jump shots?? whoa
Ubee1121::i hope meeks comes around
ainuggets::iggy isnt going anywhere with his contract...its 5 games in..meeks' shot will come around
allcitypics::I think the Sixers hope so too. I think the only reason they are starting him is to showcase him for a trade
Ubee1121::meeks was brickin' shots in the ocean and got used by Eric Gordon...good point
allcitypics::I think Iggy contract will keep him there. I think Meeks is the expendable one
Iladelphia::Meeks has been really disappointing with his shot so far.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Meeks should be benched first
FlyGuys623::see ya guys. woohoo
philaphan25::I think the sixers have one of the best benches in the East.  Hopefully that translates into a mid level seed in the playoffs.
allcitypics::how long will Meeks start??? Or how long will he be there? I think Turner will start the 2 guard before this year is over. I still think they are an even better team when they tweak their lineup.
TrapGameJr::I think Philly will outlast Boston and NY in the Atlantic.
DaKing0325::Boston beat the wiz,nets,and pistons at home
philaphan25::It really depends on the health of their big three, particularly garnett. They'll go as far as Garnett will take them.
Ubee1121::celtics = OLD
SportsCritic4u::Boston is on a 4 game winning streak, I think they're starting to get their heads together now.  Knicks are no problem, they're a big let-down this season so far.
SportsCritic4u::Man it is quiet here compared to the Heat Index lol. Less threatening Sixers = Less Haters lol
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Heat=hate
Iladelphia::Great win for the Sixers tonight. Jrue was big time in the 4th and Turner had a heck of a game.
philaphan25::Defense really stepped it up in the second half + Jrue dropping bombs behind the arc = great win.
KeMvP277::Why did Bellinelli foul at 16 seconds? they were up by 8, all he did was break our streak of not letting up 100 points.
DaKing0325::If Jrue keeps this up, this team will go far
FlyGuys623::flyers vs blackhawks tomorrow. gonna be good
fofofosixers::Good teams win close games way to close out Sixers
JLAMPS834::http://sportsleech.com works great!!  thanks for the stream link!  GO HORNETS!!
KeMvP277::The Hornets are so $@%!$@% pathetic. I'm so tired of this team losing leads late and their D playing like sh.it late. I don't care if we didn't have Ariza, the defense let people walk right past them. Hard to believe we were up by 14 at one point. Oh yeah, and Monty Williams, you are an idiot. Way to embarrass the home crowd.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::They really were not that bad.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Maybe? But it will take time.
KeMvP277::Jrue can be one.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::They will never get out of the second round without a superstar.
KeMvP277::I'm not a Saints fan. Vikings... and a superstar isn't necessarily needed on a team with depth like the sixers.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Thanks we lack the super star.. Good luck to the saints too
KeMvP277::We'll pull it together. Oh yeah, and you got a team there in Philly!!
Frank Reynolds is back 4::That is exactly what you get with youth. But I know it's a lot harder in the west too...it sucks
KeMvP277::I don't think their a bad team either. I guess this is what you get with a young coach and young players.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::I know it's frustrating... But I am just saying they are not a bad team
KeMvP277::It's more the fact that Monty had Trey Williams in with 4 minutes left, and Okafor sitting on the bench most of the 4th quarter.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Look they need to learn to finish.. That is their issue and that is something the Sixers struggled with for a while. But once they get that down they will be better
KeMvP277::You call being up by 14 points and losing and letting up 34 points in the last quarter not bad?
tflo1313::doesn't look like gordon and jack like each other very much
illfunkcadet::sixers are one baaaadasss team... now 18 of 22 at home, let's do some damage.
SportsCritic4u::Great win, close game the whole time, but bam, now we're 3-2
THESE_PRETZALS_R_MAKIN_ME_THIRSTY::@Frank R &amp;	Flyguys......take it ease....GO PHILLY!!!!!
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Night dude
FlyGuys623::see ya bro. lets go
bringithome6::this game probably sold some more tickets for friday
bluedevils1148::Very true. I am a diehard Sixers fan, but most are bandwagoners.
VinniePSU::I can't believe how many people picked the knicks over boston and the sixers.....I was looking at their roster, it's amare and Anthony who play no defense and some other guys...how are they projected to win 40 games by espn....comeee onnn   '
bringithome6::starts with their coach
FlyGuys623::no defense
bobHALO 30.0::Great freakin game Sixers.... very impressed!    Later all
Frank Reynolds is back 4::All Friday
UD1Hens::Good game let's go eat
bluedevils1148::Hunter Pence is the man.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Lol
gt1master_ike::ANd it looks like the overrated knicks lost again
bobHALO 30.0::Overrated is right  they get 10x the love the Sixers do but the Sixers are 10x the team the Knicks are
PresleyCutchTabata::I love seeing the Knicks choke, lol
FlyGuys623::jrue brees
bobHALO 30.0::Sixers on a bad day &gt; Knicks on a good day
Red6307::Good Game.
PresleyCutchTabata::I am rooting for the Sixers to beat out the Celtics for the Atlantic this year since my Nets appear to be inept and playing for a high pick
bringithome6::we played celtics very hard last year I was hoping we matched up with them instead of heat in the playoffs last year
TrapGameJr::Turnovers left and right with this team. This is ugly. Turn all attentions to the Saints.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::I hope that they win. Since my eagles fail.
