nba is the worst::In case you missed it, Spurs fans - blatant fixed officiating...    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vavuFJa9gU    (Wade dribbles, shoves CP3 in the chest, and dribbles again 2 "missed" calls in one play, right in front of the ref)
ban94shee::I guess the refs are going to let that old goon continue to get calls on one end and not call anything aginst him on the defensive side. It is hard to be an fan of the NBA...Nascar and Golf is the only sports where the game is not fixed or controled!
NOVABuffalo::You should have stopped watching in the 60s/70s/80s/90s.  All Celtics got calls in the 60s, just ask an old Lakers fan.  Lakers and Bucks got calls in 70s.  Magic/Bird in 80s.  Thomas/Jordan/Hakeem in 90s.  So by your theory NBA should be done by now.
cmullen69::Who doesn't love Goran Dragic?
jojo2248::man Houston fans cant take a loss they are 3-7 and suck and the spurs are 7 - 4 and a solid basketball team like they have been every yeard for the past 13 years so yeah they are old but they are still winning so cant really say much
bobbydagreat::I can't imagine why anyone in Houston would care about the NBA, as far as I am concerned the league hasn't made up for screwing the Rockets in the playoff series that Donaghy gave to the Mavs, let alone even start to make up for vetoing the recent off-season trade. It's clear that the NBA doesn't care about the city of Houston, why the hell would the city of Houston care about the NBA?
ban94shee::They did screw the Rockets in that playoff series where T-Mac had one of the best dunks of all time. We got screwed in the Gasol deal and the refs did not blow a single whistle when it counted lastnite at the end of the game. Duncan got calls everytime down the floor, how pathetic that they allow that goon to receive so many calls...
THEOCHO88888::HOUSTON IS GARBAGE....JUST LIKE THE REST OF TEXAS
A11Wor1d::Fk'n idiot.....get off the board.....
A11Wor1d::Like I said.....what are you crying about..... Let me say it a little s   l   o w  e  r.....Houston Chopped and Screwed Style..........what.........are..........you........crying.......about
A11Wor1d::what the hell are you talking about? What are you crying about now?
bobbydagreat::Try reading it again slower.
1ooclicck::im still mad they traded rudy gay
supe540::I thought the Rockets had more talent than 3 - 7.  What's the problem?
bobbydagreat::Tonight the problem was bad shooting and the refs swallowing their whistles at inopportune times.
1ooclicck::they fu cking suck and no coaching
supe540::Solid analysis.  Gives me a lot insight.  Thanks.
1ooclicck::mchale is a sorry excuse for a coach you play jordan hil over tabheet?? chandler parsons over t will not only is he not starting he's not even in the game chase budinger sucks kevin martin tries to draw the foul every time and scola is just shooting bad i dont know what the hell is going on with the rockets... i say flush the whole team except for lowery scola t will dalembert and thabeet
NeeehNoooh::lol @ you d1ckless spurs trolls saying refs were on their side.  how about that crucial point of the game when tony parker I believe it was shot a ball off the glass and they didn't call goaltending??  its bad officiating if anything.
NOVABuffalo::sorry I didn't know they were enochs
waenloteion::Point of interest that makes me really want to read what Tim Donaghy wrote in his book about the extent of corruptness in the league.  After 3 quarters the foul count stood as follows 12 on Rockets and 12 on Spurs.  From the 4th quarter to 22 seconds left in OT...9 on Rockets and 2 on Spurs.  3 more on Rockets in OT but they were obviously trying to foul.  Someone please tell me how that isn't suspicious...
A11Wor1d::Refs missed calls on both sides......
A11Wor1d::You must be talking about Joey Crawford.....lol
waenloteion::Not arguing that...it always happens.  Which brings up another thing that irks me...if you missed a call, do not dish out make-up calls because odds are you will miss a call the other way.  In the end it all evens out, so let it...
A11Wor1d::I see what you're saying. But that's how it's been for a long time. It could be better, but refs are usually going to favor the home team. There's not a team that it doesn't happen for when they're at home.
A11Wor1d::That's where, as a player, you have to "stay in the game" and try not to "show" your frustration to the point where it doesn't affect your individual game. There's ways to counter, as a player, what you think is not being called or what you think is not being fairly called and most of the time, still be on your game in a tough situation or scenario.  Now on some nights, yes, there may be nothing you can do about what's happening...it's just one of those nights. But on most nights, you can counter the frustration and still get things accomplished within the game...
waenloteion::See and I probably wouldn't last long in the league because if I felt like I was getting mauled, but couldn't even look at the guy I was guarding funny, then I would start making all the fouls truly count.
A11Wor1d::It's called being at home wae......chances are that the home team will get alot of calls vs. being on the road. Houston would have gotten the calls in Houston...........Milwaukee got the calls last night against the Spurs. Probably the same calls the Spurs would have gotten if the Bucks were playing in S.A. No conspiracy, just the truth....Also because a team is at home, most of the time they feel they can be more aggressive because they know most of the time they'll get the calls during the game, especially in the fourth quarter.
waenloteion::As I said earlier, this is not about the Rockets being jobbed out of a win for me.  Its about this game becoming a schtick where (barring unexpected performances by individual players) you can predict who is going to win 85% of the games.  And by that I mean things like the Magic beating the Cavs in playoffs a few years back by just refusing to miss from 3 even though it became pretty apparent before the playoffs even started that the NBA was "hoping" for a Bron vs. Kobe matchup.
waenloteion::I understand that it works both ways for all teams (the home aspect), but I still don't agree that its even a part of the game.
waenloteion::And that is why I am beginning to despise the NBA.  Fouls are becoming circumstantial.  If its a foul, call regardless of who its on, or where the game is being played, or who is winning or what the point differential is.  But MOST IMPORTANTLY, if you don't call it at the beginning of the game, don't start calling it at the end of the game (and vice versa)
NOVABuffalo::Spurs win .... HAHAHAHAHA
waenloteion::I agree that its difficult to ref and I also know that the Spurs don't typically foul as much...9-2 is a bit of a large discrepancy and I saw a couple on Lowry when he drove the lane which I find it hard to believe the refs missed.  Everything called on Rockets was a foul (won't argue that), but some of them where getting just plain ticky tacky and not being reciprocated on the other end.
NOVABuffalo::when the spurs came into the NBA there was great bias against the old ABA teams.  I recall several playoff series when the Spurs were in the Eastern Conference where they got jobbed ---- NBA isn't perfect and these games are indeed hard to ref.    So to say it's a recent event I would disagree.  Also foul counts aren't a good measurement ---- Spurs (under Pop) typically do not foul as much as other teams.
waenloteion::I'm honestly not even upset we lost, but it is sad that the game is slowly becoming the next sport to follow wrestling.  Used to be my favorite sports to watch back in the 90s when a lot of this started and I am sad to see nothing has happened to stop it from continually degrading.
Spursdc::lol
wilconox::The lack of foul calls was annoying, but the travelling on Duncan was just SO blatant that it's frustrating.  I had 8th grade refs that would've gotten him on that, and at that juncture in the game, you need to call everything as if every player was the 8th man on the team.
Rod4811222::another win for the picks at ... ProSportsBets.com  yeeeeeeee, haaaaaaaaaaa
SDTRIAZTEC::Some big minutes from Kawhi and great rebounds late in the game. Fun game to watch. Go Spurs!
ARTimus Maximus 44::all you casual gambers check out twitter @artkrus....art's picks by email address of artspicks1@gmail.com on facebook only charges 30 per month and has a great record good night and good luck...legit no spam check it out
JamesElzi::2H under covers by one point. whew
HTownRprsntr::Go Texans!!
Spurzoffury::A win is a win is a win!
Spursdc::Spurs are a .500 team
NOVABuffalo::unfortunately that's about right.  If the young guys don't mature quick .... it's a low seed and done.
NOVABuffalo::the big disappointment is lack of finishing in these early games.  I think other teams are going to improve more than the Spurs, so later in the season Spurs advantage is reduced.  Also, road games are not looking good and the rodeo trip won't solve the issues the Spurs have right now.
Spursdc::After the first couple of games, I thought they had turned the corner.
vivs18::Kawhi is the truth. Can't wait till he gets a good offseason under his belt and a less compressed schedule to play in.   Tony has finally stepped up.
Spurzoffury::CRY ME A RIVER, ROCKET FANS!
rocketsin05::Refs hanbded the Spurs a win ITS THAT SIMPLE!!!
wilconox::I mean do you disagree that Duncan travelled there?  If you do, I see what you're saying, but I don't know how you can watch that play and not say that it was a blatantly obvious travel.   So if you think Duncan travelled there, how is it "crying" to point that out and be frustrated with the whistle swallow?
wilconox::yeah that's the only way we can talk about it on these types of forums... is when it's already happened and we can process the information and regurgitate it back out via text on a computer screen.... oh wait that may be too complex, here: SPURS2012WINNARS amirite?
Adrianch01::Exactly, which then gave them a 2 possession lead when it counted.
NOVABuffalo::dude it's over it's done
jb1246espn::When was the last time the Rockets had a championship?  Their fans must be getting OLD waiting around for another one.
wilconox::I do agree with you there Bobby
bobbydagreat::Eh, if the league was more legitimate it would be a bigger issue.
Adrianch01::I'm actually glad we lost. Still have a chance for a lotto pick. As for crying, I think every spurs fan pissed there pants when Manu went down..
NOVABuffalo::well it's still a huge issue, clearly he is the Spurs true life blood now
rocketsin05::Cry about this...Duncan OLD, MANU OLD, and Parker OLD and when they slow down so do the OLD $@% SPURS!!! Enjoy the win the Refs handed you.
NOVABuffalo::whwhwhwhwhwhwhwaaaaaaahwhwhwh
Spurzoffury::Another home win!
NOVABuffalo::they are filling a river right now
I hate Matt Bonner::Denver fans are the worst.
jb1246espn::You hate Bonner, but think RJ is clutch?  Maybe in this game, but I remember watching a choke RJ in past seasons.
I hate Matt Bonner::You didn't agree with my "Clutch RJ" comment?
clogee::They are by far the worst.  Suns and Celt fans are pretty bad too though.
jb1246espn::That's the first thing you've said all night that I agree with.
jb1246espn::Are the Rockets crying as much as their fans about not getting calls?
waenloteion::I think lowry might be a little peeved that he was allowed to be dragged to the ground and have his head knocked off the couple times he tried to drive the lane....but to some extent I agree with bobby.  I just hate it when refs have that kind of an effect on the game.  Well its intentional or they just have their head shoved up their $@%, its a disgrace to the sport.
bobbydagreat::Oh yeah, it's certainly a disgrace to the sport, but the NBA has had ref problems for more than a decade, you just have to hope that the refs are pulling for your team.
wilconox::Seriously... Spurs people complaining about complainers... LOOOOOOOOOOOOOL
Cowboys-Mavs-Rangers-Stars::LOL So True
bobbydagreat::Actually, I'm glad the Rockets are getting jobbed by the refs tonight, I want them to go for a good draft pick.
wilconox::GRATS REFS, YOU WIN ANOTHER ONE
wilconox::Yeah I suppose.... just a farse that the entire Houston bench knew he walked immediately and the 2 refs (1 on the baseline and one on the free line extended) just ignore it at that point in the game.
NOVABuffalo::whwhwhwhwhwhwhwhwhwaaaaaaaa
NOVABuffalo::whahahahahahahahah
bobbydagreat::The Refs always win.
Spurzoffury::Yay we win!
eaglesfan1723::If crawford was reffing this game then he would call a tech on Duncan for traveling omg
Spurzoffury::Beat houston
rocketsin05::Refs just beat Houston not the Spurs!!!
Adrianch01::Parsons for 3 here.
rneyland89::just go to college in tennessee
wilconox::Who amongst us could not tell that was a f****** travel... Sean Elliott doesn't address it at all...  He's so stupid he thinks Pop was pissed about a foul, he's pissed about them letting him shoot a 3 without fouling before
rocketsin05::You Spurs fans have been handed a game for sure. $@%!$@%!!!
NOVABuffalo::it's a wwwwwwwwww
idiaz0920::Double OT here we go
Spurzoffury::Foul rockets, don't let them have a 3 point opportunity
rneyland89::houston fan this $@%! crAZY
EGGY126::Manu isn't our heart and soul. He's the person who makes these dam shots for us! lol
eaglesfan1723::Parker with the  clutch freethrows
Adrianch01::Duncan Travels all over the place.
NOVABuffalo::how can that be?  I thought all you Rockets fans said he was using a walker.
stevo41591::retribution for that shot clock bs late in the 4th
I hate Matt Bonner::lol he did. Badly.
bobbydagreat::LOL, it's good that I am pulling for the Rockets to lose, they have been playing 5 on 8 for the entirety of the OT period.
waenloteion::no joke...look at a spur funny=foul.  Wear red, drive lane, have head knocked off=well you know where its going.  Not saying the Rockets didn't foul, but come on...the Spurs are far from playing clean
Spurzoffury::Now all of a sudden both teams are alive!
eaglesfan1723::oh my lord
HTownRprsntr::Ummm travel, anybody???
Spurzoffury::Foul him
wilconox::Truncated schedule... early in the season.. lots of back to backs... both teams are tired... are we surprised the execution is not there?
EGGY126::Man this better not be like the Heat Hawks game from the other day.
bobbydagreat::Damn, the Rockets can not buy a foul in the last several minutes. The refs are keeping the Spurs in the game.
stevo41591::and the same thing happened when the Spurs played the Rockets in Houston. Heres an idea. GET OVER IT.
JamesElzi::this is a mean joke for the 2H under
Spurzoffury::Man this sucks
rocketsin05::Lowry knocked to the floor AGAIN and again no call. Rockets have 4 fouls in OT while the Spurs hAVE NONE!!! Yeah no favorism here guys!!!
ryroll::while i agree you sound like you are 12 years old
idiaz0920::Double OT here we come guys
eaglesfan1723::Dont say that.. 1 ot is painful enough
I hate Matt Bonner::Clutch RJ.
eaglesfan1723::Wohoo someone decides to make a shot holy hell
