slydogg1::over 199-- any thoughts
CDUB SOONER::OKC ballin on em
jeffhanson1::I've never seen a player in a losing game (in any sport) spend so much time talking trash to a player on a winning team until now. Kobe Bryant was so preoccupied with talking to James Harden with plenty of time left in the 4th quarter. Harden CLEARLY got to Kobe mentally (and physically).  You could tell by the look in Kobe's face. That wouldn't have happened to MJ! In previous years Kobe would answer with his scores. Now he thinks talking to the opposing player with interrupt their play. OKC is loaded with youth and more importantly skill and Kobe knows it.   Yes Kobe the torch is being passed before our eyes. Now go back to focusing on your marriage drama and more begging.
BA_Baseball4::KD &gt; Kobe  Thunder &gt; Lakers
naddarians::l
ZachC1965::Too bad Kobe has a no-trade clause, there are probably a couple of teams out there dumb enough to give up something for him...  4 for 15...7 for 24...these are typical Kobe nights now...  Is he in the all-time top 100? It's a good question...
jeffhanson1::Kobe probably wishes he did get traded when he demanded a trade to the Bulls 4 or 5 years ago. Remember that? At that time he was unhappy about Bynum and wanted him traded. There was a famous online video called "Kobe Rant".
rsl1972::Zach you are talking about a guy that refused to have surgery on a wrist that 99% of all other players in the NBA would have had repaired.  Kobe believes there is only 1 time to have surgery:the OFFSEASON.  I admire his dedication to the game.  If only other guys on that team showed that kind of resolve there would be no trade rumors at this point.
MadddSammyboy::Right, but dedication and toughness and willingness to play through the pain and all that stuff... I mean, that's great and admirable and everything else, but the bottom line is performance. If you say 'yeah, but you have to remember, Kobe's playing with an injured wrist', does that change the fact that he shot 29%? Does it change the fact that he shot his team out of the game? Are they going to put an asterisk next to the scores of all the games the Lakers play with a footnote that reads 'Please note: Kobe Bryant is injured and the Lakers might have won if he weren't'.  It sounds sterile, but Kobe's injuries are HIS problem. If he plays poorly, then he plays poorly. WHY he played poorly is irrelevant; it only matters THAT he played poorly. If he wants to be Ironman and play through an injury that affects his performance, that's on him, but it doesn't obligate people to be less critical of bad performances just because he's injured.
OTEASLF::So our answer is Rasheed?      Sigh..........
jeffhanson1::Your team doesn't have the clout it used to have. Lots of players don't like Kobe anyway because he's not the friendliest/sociable guy in the league. Kobe even tried to get Raja Bell to sign a few years ago but Raja said no thanks. You remember Bell...the one Kobe wanted to "get into the octagon with"?  When Chris Paul was asked if he would jump to the other side of town to play for the Lakers one day he said "no way".
Numb1lakefan::We are still trading pau gasol and i just hope we get a good pg and pf for him
BadLikeJamesTodd::As long as Boston keeps crashing and burning, I'm ok. The Lakers will always be Title contenders which is why there is so much hate geared towards them. Its all part of being top dog.
jeffhanson1::Celtics? Really? That's old news. Both teams have their own problems. Yours are bigger because Kobe is supposed to be the Jordan of today. The best player in the league. Clearly he's not. He can't carry the team to victories.  Aim high and worry about just winning championships before Kobe really starts showing he's too old. That time is fast approaching. As long as Kobe doesn't win more championships than MJ I'll be OK.
Iamtheone0594::Celtics 17 vs Lakers 16
ralphyralph007::Kobe- 7out of 24! What a ballhog!
jeffhanson1::It's OK to be a ball hog like MJ was in his early years as long as you make the shots. Kobe is no MJ!!!
ZachC1965::Actually, it's an improvement over Kobe's only finals Game 7...
BadLikeJamesTodd::Easy there, Nancy.
ralphyralph007::Kobe- 7out of 24! What a ballhog!
BadLikeJamesTodd::Easy there, Nancy.
rsl1972::I turned this one off at halftime after Bynum forgot which team he played on and gave Durant 2 points.  The Lakers need to get rid of Bynum in my opinion and keep Gasol.
erick21093::over one bad play??? wow you sure forget about the rest hes done...
t-roy_jenkins::when are the lakers trading kobe?
super red espresso snowflake::The Lakers are going to end up with CJ Watson and Carlos Boozer for Pau Gasol.  LOL.  At which point Kobe just gives up and retires.
ZachC1965::especially if it caused Kobe to quit...worst shot selection on the team...
Numb1lakefan::that would be a good trade actually
brazzo09::http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine  Best possible trade for L.A.
crimson-knights123::hmm, that might work.
Blakemg1::...
Blakemg1::fail, haha
sgant22::Are the Lakers still the best team in their building?
boom.shaka::Lag check: 12:38PM PST
boom.shaka::only 6 minutes....they must have upgraded their servers.
brazzo09::seriously i dont mind kobe taking alot of shots but dammit he needs to stop pulling up for a fade away mid-range and start taking it to the basket. thats so annoying especially after he misses 5 in a row
jeffhanson1::As Charles Barkley said in several times regarding Kobe, as father time starts creeping in, players tend to resort to pump fakes and  fade aways.
super red espresso snowflake::He's too old to do that.  His lift is gone, he'll get his sh*t blocked more often than not.
boom.shaka::Agreed.  That's always been the issue with Kobe -- it's not so much the volume as it is the selection.  He was taking good shots early in the season but has had some really poor looks the last 5 or 6 games.
super red espresso snowflake::Laker fans actually thought they were going to win that game last night because they beat Dallas after a team meeting.  Hilarious.  I told you not to get your hopes up... they still suck donkey dick.
boom.shaka::Yeah, I'm sure none were worried about their overall road record, the fact that OKC is the best team in the league and that the Lakers are awful in b2b games.
sutherlacd27::lol keep thinking the lakers arent a threat.  come playoff time they will show you something.
THUNDAboi77::yea im going last year since every laker fans defense is what happened in the past for their accomplshments.. can use for downfalls too. works both ways..
sutherlacd27::again with "last year"???  since when is last year now?  they were gassed and the mavs (who beat the thunder lets not forget) played great ball.  fact is the lakers have a solid defense and after starting 1-7 on the road have gone 5-5 since.  they are improving.  btw check their record against the wests playoff teams....
THUNDAboi77::like they showed dallas last year..
THUNDAboi77::hahaha...i know im looking for mr. michael jeffery jordan23.. he was the main one..
LeBrick0-2Finals::ESPN is garbage
sgant22::Don't blame them for your team losing. If you want we still got some room left at the end of the OKC bandwagon. Nevermind, the Knicks have a lot more room.
boom.shaka::Can we blame them for the server lag?
THUNDAboi77::hahaha..
LeBrick0-2Finals::Kobe's chronic missing game
inglewood247::-I see Pau is playing for his life to stay with the lakers......but, kobe is making it worse by shooting 7-24 throwing up bricks and allowing OKC to run.   -Uh, did he forget that is what OKC likes to do....and when you throw up bricks causes long rebounds making the team work harder when you just played last nite. I can't argue enuff that kobe is seasoned and will not change his game or shot less cuz he thinks the next one will go in. he told westbrook "i feel good tonite" but he didnt tell him he felt good like a ton of bricks.   -I still say the lakers won't trade Pau if they can't get a quality PG like rondo, or CP, maybe westbrook...which i know we can't get them. DWill is a very much long shot and i KNOW they won't get him. As for HOWARD......hang it up, he aint coming to LA no matter what kobe, Fisher or Jim Buss say.
THUNDAboi77::yea i knew it wouldnt be the same when he turned over to him.. and phil left
THUNDAboi77::yea i knew it wouldnt be the same when he turned over to him.. and phil left
inglewood247::sometime....you have to be realistic cuz the lakers ain't changing by wishfull thinking. First, we don't have Jerry no more making intelligent decisions and thinking long term of a window about 4 to 5 yrs. Jim thinks MILLIONS SAVED!!!
boom.shaka::You have to think MILLIONS SAVED because of the new CBA - the penalties for being over the are harsh...it's almost impossible to make a move if you are.  Sux but it's reality.
inglewood247::sometime....you have to be realistic cuz the lakers ain't changing by wishfull thinking. First, we don't have Jerry no more making intelligent decisions and thinking long term of a window about 4 to 5 yrs. Jim thinks MILLIONS SAVED!!!
inglewood247::sometime....you have to be realistic cuz the lakers ain't changing by wishfull thinking. First, we don't have Jerry no more making intelligent decisions and thinking long term of a window about 4 to 5 yrs. Jim thinks MILLIONS SAVED!!!
THUNDAboi77::wow you are the most realistic laker fan i have met.. great post
THUNDAboi77::i thought world peace was going to shutdown KD?
sutherlacd27::KD got the best of him last night.  whats the career average against him though?  dont bank on it happening all the time.
THUNDAboi77::for the last 3 games kd has owned him..
sutherlacd27::KD got the best of him last night.  whats the career average against him though?  dont bank on it happening all the time.
Ryan 2161::Melo&gt;Westbrook
Redskins534::westbrook&gt;melo, durant&gt;melo, harden&gt;melo, ibaka&gt;melo, lin&gt;melo,
THUNDAboi77::exactly
sutherlacd27::no
THUNDAboi77::in his dreams
ELS2005.6::As a Laker fan, I knew they were going to lose, but to be honest I thought it was going to be worse than what it actually was. Props to OKC. Durant, Westbrook, and Harden are coming into their own.
mystik-eye::Dang,our lakers got whipped on last night,good game Thunder
dplunk18::OKC won a game they were favored to win...at home..nothing more...nothing less.
sgant22::Well good-bye to World Peace
THUNDAboi77::looks like OKC's big 3 better than lakers big 3.. blackmamba looked like brickmamba
dplunk18::OKC should just about beat any team while at home and the other team having to trave to play them on one nights rest.  Nothing here  to get to excited about OKC fans, and Laker Haters.
sutherlacd27::thats like me saying the lakers can win in okc cause they have done it in the past.  the lakers are a great home team this year just like the thunder are.  youre overlooking the point i was making.
THUNDAboi77::one we've done it all year.. 2..we can beat them at home we've proven that the last time we played in staples and we beat them by 20. so keep making excuses for kobe its ok.. we expect it
sgant22::Yea yea you just keep forgetting how young they are, they don't tire as easily as Kobe in the 4th. He was trying so hard, just kept coming up short. Thunder fans were just happy he kept shooting.
sutherlacd27::they're*.....  and no the thunder are a great home team and were expected to win.  lets see them play a back to back in different states where their second game is in LA and beat the lakers at home....wont happen
THUNDAboi77::in other words there old and cant compete..
GoinKickJoshAss::See what happens = see blown leads?, when the games mean something = in the playoffs? Lakers lose leads continually in playoffs? yeah, they do it!
Blakemg1::...the lakers were in three consecutive finals before last years debacle, winning two.  the second round of the playoffs would have been a dream come true for 20+ franchises in the league last year. For the Lakers, it's an off year.  Three straight finals appearances and consecutive titles would be the best stretch in franchise history for almost every nba franchise. For the Lakers, it was just business as usual.  Until your team gets on their level, you don't worry about their one bad season.
Blakemg1::we'll see what happens when the games mean something.
Blakemg1::i wasn't on here talking smack. i had stuff to do and didn't get to watch the game. look it's quite obvious the Thunder are the best team in the West currently. But they haven't gotten over the hump yet to win a title, and until they do, the Lakers have something on them.
THUNDAboi77::i love how all the laker fans where on here talking ish last night now that they lost here comes the exuses.. its a western confrence game it means something.
dplunk18::lakers do need a PG, But you are Wrong about Kobe
winterfresh98::Lakers are done unless they can get a PG, Kobe needs to hang it up
melendezvm::I think at this point kobe should really try to get bynum and gasol more points. For a good stretch, so the scouting changes for the ladder months and playoffs, then he can go on a tear.
dplunk18::I just kinda wish he would pass the ball a little sooner when he is approached by multiple defenders..but kobe is who he is..and i've come to accept that.  I don't think  M. Brown is getting the most out of the players.
Blakemg1::what they need is to be getting something out of the PG and SF positions. The fact is that Kobe is the only guy left on the team who can create his own shot or create shots for others. He's having to do it all. The triangle created spacing that was perfect for a guy like Pau, who can do great work with space. That space is not there in Mike Browns offense with two starters averaging a combined 11 points or so.   They need to get more out of those positions. If they could get Beasley and Sessions, as they're rumored to be pursuing, I'd feel alot better about this team. And yes it is a strange feeling to be excited about Michael Beasley and Ramon Sessions. Thats how much Artest and Fish are killing this team now, though.
Blakemg1::the rumor is that both guys would be available for draft picks. I really hope they hold onto Pau unless he's part of a blockbuster that gets the Lakers Dwight and a good point guard.
dplunk18::I'm feeling you bro..believe me, but neither one of those guys are worth swapping Paul Gasol straight up for.  lakers may have to stand pat if they dont want to duped in a P. Gasol trade.
T8ke_A_Picture::Kobe shouldn't do what Jordan did, just retire and let your legend end in a good way.Not getting traded or dump off.
dplunk18::He's already hinted that he wont stick around to average 17 or 18 points or so,..and right now he still leads league in scoring.
ZachC1965::I honestly think L.A. might be better off just dumping Kobe and his huge salary...  Every other game seems to be a 4 for 15 for 7 for 24 disaster...  Is he even in the top 50 players in the league at this stage? Not if he's hurting his team every other night...
Blakemg1::Pay no attention to Zach. He knows nothing about basketball.
melendezvm::BTW how can you dump Kobe's salary? You can't trade him (no trade clause) and if you amnesty him this next off season he would still be payed 58 million and get to go play somewhere else. It would be the stupidest thing ever.
dplunk18::You obviously hate the grounds that kobe walks on...just be patient.... Kobe will only be around for about  3 or 4 more years...then you can sleep at night.
melendezvm::Considering that his shooting has been terrible the last 2 nights, yeah let's get rid off him. Really? Thank God some of you aren't GM's. He is definitely top 20 in the league and top 1 in scoring. No doubt he's slumping.
melendezvm::I think the Lakers can beat anybody in a series except OKC and miami. They need to make a couple of moves before the deadline to address a few issues. Nothing drastic like shipping Gasol for Deron or Rondo. Lakers need to either get a formidable SF or a starting PG (or hopefully both).
maxret::O.K. on the count of 3 everybody and I do mean everybody( including the border brothers from mexico) jump off the L.A. KOBES bandwagon !
CapnFiatil::Because you said they don't have a bandwagon, which is crazy.  There are tons of Lakers fans across the country who have never come close to sniffing California air.
joest2003::blakemg u must not live on the east coast, if your from the east coast and never even been to the mid west yet alone cali why the $@%! would you root for the lakers? oh wait thats right its because they USED to win all the time so it WAS easy for you to like them. you wont find a wizzards fan in connecticut but you will find thousands of lakers fans. explain that
Blakemg1::.... why do i give a $@%!? I live in California.
Blakemg1::the Lakers don't have a bandwagon, they have a huge base of lifelong loyal fans. Must be rough not to know what that's like.
Jaemitch::Kobe shoots a lot b/c A) his bench or lack there of disappears, B) Gasol/Bynum are beasts against teams with no solid defensive big men but seems to get less aggressive when the going gets tough, and C) Sucky change in offensive schemes from a defensive minded coach.  Say what you want about Kobe's shots but when you have a team who disappears in the face of adversity its something else. Sucks to see Kobe go down like this. I say trade Bynum and Gasol for some hungrier players with the same desire as Kobe and some bench help who play can actually produce away from home.
boom.shaka::That is true, but you have to admit he has played poorly the last few games and has been turning the ball over too much this season.  He's just getting older.  It happens to everybody sooner or later.
Mack Lazarus::J Lin turns over the ball like this and he's called a fluke!  You hear so many people say Kobe "doesn't" have a team. And it's probably because he plays like he DOESN'T have one. When you're cold, you dish it...TO THE HOT GUY!! - http://2yous.com/2012/02/22/pau-gasol/
bestsoxfan::Everybody check out this blog.. just started today. leave comments garrettandpetessportstalk.webnode.com
ZachC1965::Shocking how awful Kobe has been playing, and hysterical that some of the fanboys still mindlessly place him among the best in the game.  4 for 15 with 7 turnovers a few games ago, and yesterday he goes 7 for 24...  Why does he stubbornly refuse to get the ball to someone like Gasol when they're hot? Guess he wants to pad those stats...  But he's far removed from being an elite player at this point...Too bad Phil's gone, he might've known how to handle this...
theBdawk05::Wow.. Zach I was trying to roll with your argument and I'm a diehard lakers fan (not from LA either).. But you COMPLETELY nullified everything you brought up when you said Shaq was "decent.." Are you serious..? Shaq was by far the best player in the league during the 3-peat and is hands down one of the most dominant big men ever. Of course he's not on Wilt's (averaged 50 a game) or Kareem's (all-time points leader) level just as Kobe is nowhere near MJ's.. That was just stupid of you to even bring those guys into your argument. Kobe is the oldest guy to have 4 consecutive games of 40+ points.. MJ didn't even do that. So for you to sit here and HATE as much as you're doing..? Get a life.. For Kobe to perform at the level he's doing going on the age of 34 is amazing.. Just sit back and enjoy the show cause we'll probably never see anyone close to MJ ever again.
ZachC1965::Put Kobe on the Bulls teams that Jordan won titles with, they probably don't even make the playoffs...  Kobe could have been replaced on the 2000-2002 with almost any guard in the league and they would have been as good or better. Just too many turnovers and missed shots. Sure he scored a lot--anyone could with that kind of shot volume--but game after game Shaq had to overcome Kobe's poor play.   Why does Kobe only have one MVP in all those seasons? Selfish gunning does not make you valuable...  Kobe fans don't know hoops, but that's no surprise, they're mainly from LA after all...
Blakemg1::what a lovely bunch of broad, largely false generalizations you threw together. Thank you. I needed a good laugh.  ps. I'm not a Kobe fan, I'm a Laker fan. And i'm not from LA.
ZachC1965::Shaq was decent, not at Wilt or Kareem's level, but clearly the leader of those teams and the finals MVP over Kobe every time. You conveniently forget that Kobe was an afterthought on those teams...  You think Pippen is at MJ's level too, so maybe no point in trying to talk sense into you...  Kobe went 34-48 in his one big season to show what he had without the great coach and star cast. Pathetic...
Blakemg1::and yes, 34-48 was a bad year. But you might remember he had Smush Parker and Kwame Brown on his team. Not the 13th and 14th men. They were starting.   In MJ's best statistical season, (1987) he dragged a marginally better supporting cast to a whopping 40 wins. Hmm... great player, great individual year, sub .500 record. Noticing a trend??  The fact is, every great player needs talent around them to be successful.
Blakemg1::"Shaq was decent" lol get out of here with that. Shaq was the best player in the league hands down for their three title  years. It's not Kobe's fault he was on the same team as Shaq though.   And to say Kobe was an afterthought on those teams shows how little you know about basketball. He played between 39 and 44 minutes a game,  averaged between 21 and 29  points, 4 and 6 assists, and between 4 and 7 rebounds on those teams during the playoff run.  As for "you think Pippen is at MJ's level"... show me where I said that.
ZachC1965::Why is he in the top 10 discussion? Many players have won a single MVP and that's Kobe's level...  The top level, of guys like Bird and Magic, are clearly above him.  Riding coattails to most of your titles makes you a sidekick, not a superstar. Kobe's no better than Pippen, really...
Blakemg1::Pippen is one of the greatest players of all time. MJ never won a title without him.  Shaq, the guy whose coattails Kobe supposedly rode, only won one MVP award also. Man, he sucks.
ZachC1965::Kobe went 6 for 24 in that Game 7 and literally threw the Lakers title hopes down the drain. Every legit fan in the nation knows Boston won that game...  Kobe's a joke. He won 3 titles due to Shaq and another due to the refs. Bryant has led the Lakers to ONE title.  He only has one MVP too. A nice career, but he should never be mentioned along MJ, Magic or Bird...
Blakemg1::Every legit fan knows Boston won that game??? lol  Last time I checked, the team with the most points at the end of the game is the one who wins.   Wow only one MVP? I take it back, he sucks. You're absolutely right. Only 9 guys in the history of the league have more than one. So he's only in the discussion for Top 10 all time. Horrible ball player.
Blakemg1::Its the regular season man.   Anyone remember Game 7 of the 2010 Finals? He went 6-24. Who took the shot that iced that game? Ron freaking Artest. Who drew the double team to get him open? Oh yeah, Kobe.  All Kobe cares about is winning championships. People tend to obsess over what he does on a night to night basis, but the fact is, the regular season is just a warm up on the road to a championship.   And Kobe has more championships than any active player besides Fisher. In case you forgot.
Blakemg1::how does it not help his team?? he's won five championship rings. FIVE!  Everyone knows the regular season is a warm up, except Kobe haters.
PadresChargersClippers::No one is denying his will to win (clearly he doesn't care about his stats by taking so many bad shots) but it doesn't actually help his team. I dont even like the lakers, just what I've seen from their games.
DurantCity::http://games.espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=7hwx2qe
ZachC1965::Very true, but Kobe's been having a LOT of them since his hot start...
DurantCity::Michael Jordan, Mecca of Basketball, had a 6 point game against the Pacers... and was 6 of 19 in a Fianls game... everyone has their days
rds731::What's a "religeon"? Is it like a pigeon?
DurantCity::Exactly... I've studied many religeons... I compare MJ to Mecca because he is the Physical center of the NBA... all players must be compared to him, every player wants to be like him...
PadresChargersClippers::Yes but Kobe has had the reputation of having multiple 7-24 type games. Can't deny what he's done over his career but there have been plenty of times where it looks like he just throws up shots because 1 night they happened to go in.
ZachC1965::BTW, Mecca is a place...
PadresChargersClippers::The problem isnt gasol or bynum....its the guy who never passes the ball.
Blakemg1::"when you're the best, you should elevate the players around you"   Bill Simmons' The Book of Basketball is not the bible, man. The point is to win, it doesn't really matter how you get there.
ZachC1965::No, when you're the best you should elevate the players around you...  But Kobe's never been the best, or anywhere near it...
DurantCity::When you're the best, you should hog the ball.   "There is no I in team, but there is an I in win", -Michael Jordan on his not passing the ball in the 90's
DurantCity::Emperor Lin Falls to King James; Red-Hot Heat Win 8th Straight, Enjoy 19 Big Apple Turnovers
Blakemg1::Or this one. Trade machine is fun!   http://games.espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=74slvhm
ZachC1965::I want the Warriors to trade Kwame Brown for Dwight Howard...seems fair for both teams, except the Magic...
DurantCity::Your first one is better.
PadresChargersClippers::Pffffffffffffffffffffff dream on.
PadresChargersClippers::I guess so!
Blakemg1::oh i thought the point of trade machine was to dream up the most ridiculously one sided trades for your favorite team. Is that not what it's for? :)
Blakemg1::http://games.espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=6q8339b  I like this trade better.
dr.D 56::Denied  -Stern
tonythelakerfan::No way that Houston is giving up two good players for Pau. Houston is not even willing to give up Lowry for Pau, let alone Lowry plus Scola... Not happening.
DurantCity::http://games.espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=7hwx2qe
DurantCity::This is actually a good trade... not as good as mine
DurantCity::http://games.espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=7hwx2qe  This trade should happen just after the All-Star Break
mark35345::Did you see the gaping holes in the Thunder defense in the first half? Any other point guard in the league drives and lays it in except D. Fisher. He's so slow by the time he's driven the lane anyone 5 feet away can intimidate his shot. we need to give D Morris and A G more playing time - we're gonna lose anyway. We need to develop some team speed. I'm so sick of Fisher's "slow break."
LeggoTexans_2012::Heat and bulls are on another level.  Its hard to say whats what just yet because I think we will se a ton of movement before the deadline.  Rosters could look completley different in a couple of weeks.
O1i Syk3ss::heat are above the bulls sorry.  bulls haven't played very difficult competition honestly...
Blakemg1::the Heat and Bulls will probably run into the same problems they ran into in last years playoffs. Their half court execution is not that great. That's what playoff basketball is all about...
LeggoTexans_2012::Lakers are terrible!  You cant cover 8 points?  Really?  Not even win just play within 8 pts!!  Sorry fucks!
ZachC1965::Lake Show truly does stink this year...take the refs away, this is essentially a 10-24 team...
Blakemg1::here's some free life advice for you. Stop gambling.
LeggoTexans_2012::LOL, I wish it were that easy.  Thanks for the advice though
scottpilgrim36::Kobe and the Lakers deserved to lose after cheating on Wednesday night and robbing a great team who was short of 3 players of a win. Thank you Thundercats for doing what's right and taking down these primadonnas. If the mavs can't win the West I sure hope it's you guys then
scottpilgrim36::They were getting away with some travels and illegal screens particularly bynum plus 20 free throws in the 4th because Kobe sucks and he needs help from the refs and big men 24/7
mixjm::Watch the rules enforced and 50 point games, yeah.
Blakemg1::yeah because no one gets away with travels and illegal screens in the NBA. You want to see the rules enforced, watch college.  `As for the free throws, what do you want, for the refs not to call it when someone gets mugged going to the hoop?? 20's alot, but that is the kind of game it was. Physical.
mixjm::Dirk never gets called for the travel on his jumpshot. Or for kicking his leg out like he is the karate kid.
Blakemg1::Okay, I'll bite. How did they cheat?
mixjm::Lakers won, so they clearly cheated.
mixjm::Whoever wins the west is just playing for the right to lose to Miami in the finals anyways.
dplunk18::I'm not hating on the heat...I just don't have the confidence in them until they finally win it all. and believe me management isnt going to put up with that kind of talent too long without winning it all.
mixjm::It's their second year together, and year one they went to the Finals. That's a pretty good track record.
dplunk18::When the Heat prove that they can finish what they started and win it all. ...then I will have confidence that they can do it again. Win at least one title before you can become world beaters.
mixjm::Football playoffs are a best of one. NBA is best of seven. You're more likely to get the better teams out of a best of seven series then one game.
dplunk18::I know I'm off track, but did'nt the Packers look un-beatable this past football season?
mixjm::They looked good all year, and they've had injuries. So have the Bulls. What injuries have the Thunder had so far to star players? I would imagine the Thunder would be far worse off with Durant out for a week than the Bulls or Heat were without Rose/Hamilton/Wade
dplunk18::correct..its just that the heat looks real good now, so obviously they're going to be the champs.
mixjm::I'm not a Heat fan though?
dplunk18::obviously U R a front runner.
southridge305::funny how fans keep going back to last year, face it.. heat will be looking to make the finals every year as long as this team is together and healthy. to bad we have to wait til play offs
mixjm::Whoever thought Miami was going to win last year was either hyping for ratings, doesn't watch basketball, or had jumped on the Heat bandwagon. The Heat were going to be better this year anyways with playing time together, and they added Battier. Even if the heat don't Chicago is also a very good team, better than any out west.
Blakemg1::the story of everyone else in the league playing for the right to lose to Miami.
dplunk18::I thought Miami was supposed to win last year?
LeggoTexans_2012::what story is that?
mixjm::Not from me you didn't.
mixjm::Or Chicago.
Blakemg1::cool story bro. heard it last year too.
LeggoTexans_2012::or chicago
Eric03876::yea kobe good but come on 30  shoots  a game  ive watch basketball my ohh life  and i would rather watch  kids  play  it is some boreing  basketball!!!!!!!!!!   if all players  ur like him NBA  would go under
Da-THUN-Da::How did Phil know?
boom.shaka::I think his first clue was getting swept by Dallas....
Eric03876::just think  his has shoot at least 25 to 30  times  game  some times more!!  its has to be a all time record
Eric03876::he has a lot of times
-whoa-::he dont shoot more than 30 a game
Eric03876::i fill sorry for kobe  just think of the shotting  miles on his arms   bad
dplunk18::don't forget to feel sorry for all that weight of the Championship rings on his fingers.
mixjm::If Kobe dies does he count towards the salary cap?
boom.shaka::Mike Brown is just a seat warmer.  That's why they only committed 3 years -- which just happens to be when Kobe and Gasol are off payroll and the Lakers are out of salary cap hell.
mixjm::Which is why Brown's future rests on Kobe's back and legs.
boom.shaka::Yeah.  Regards, Kurt Rambis, Magic Johnson and Del Harris
mixjm::All NBA coaches can be fired but Lakers coaches.
boom.shaka::Flip Saunders works for the Lakers?
dplunk18::if kobe was to retire next week..the guy has had a remarkable career. just be patient you won't have to deal with kobe after about 2 or 3 more years from now
Eric03876::yea he just got 1  with out shaq    sorry
mixjm::Flip Saunders agrees. Having a contract is a concrete promise that he will be working for the Lakers that entire time.
boom.shaka::three year contract with team option for the fourth isn't much of a future.
mixjm::And the weight of Mike Brown's future on his legs and back.
jnegrete123::Please just deal Kobe. John Starks would even laugh at how Kobe continued to shoot  so horribly. Get a PG and someone else to work with the bigs since Kobe has 2 yrs max.
jnegrete123::I'm actually the biggest Laker fan in chicago. Hated Jordan. Met Magic and  Worthy back in '87.
dplunk18::forgive me, but you sure dont seem like a laker fan
boom.shaka::Teams are lining up to take on his salary, so moving him for value would be easy.
dplunk18::Jnegrete- who do you hate more Kobe or the Lakers?
mixjm::No trade clause. I am running into that problem in 2k12. Kobe is a black hole, I want him traded, but alas he has a no trade clause.
mixjm::I'm a PG, so I don't score much. I think I'm up to 14 PPG and 11 APG. I would be at about 190 assists a game if people would $@%!$@ roll.
-whoa-::lol damn i play myplayer on allstar and i always call for ball and jack up shots lol myplayer is a 68 and still scores 22 a game
mixjm::I just do MyPlayer, so I don't get to play as anyone else. When computer controls my teammates, they can't hit. When computer controls opposing players, they are all Michael Jordan.
-whoa-::damn lol gasol can make 3s in that game tho i made 2 with him b 4
mixjm::On Pro, they pick and roll correctly probably about 80% of the time. On All-Star, maybe 50%. On HOF, it seems like everyone wants to be Reggie Miller and jack up 3's. Andrew Bynum even pops to the 3 point line.
-whoa-::oh i play online i think online setting is on All Star and yeah the pick n rolls in that game are ffucked up
mixjm::My Kobe must be broke. Then again, when I call for a pick and roll, Pau Gasol will just sit there, and run to the three point line like he is popping. I swear on HOF your teammates get worse.
-whoa-::lol wtf last game i played i scored 45 and 12 assists with kobe alone
mixjm::That fool never takes post shots. He runs out to around the three point line and chucks up a fade away jumper. Last game we played he went 3/26. He'll even jack it up 27 foot fade aways while being double teamed.
-whoa-::kobe is nasty in 2k12 tho he doesnt miss in the post
-whoa-::lol
