Allen Greene::Idk what has lit a fire underneath The Knicks but its working. all though they still 8/9 games under 500. They should be aiming to get to 500 before the all star break.
Raymond Bermea::New York will make it four straight wins. Carmelo will have 35, Amar'e will provide with 17 and 12. Felton and Shumpert will shoot the lights out from downtown. Prediction: New York 104, Philly 92.
Joshua Glen::will j.r. smith play?
Gary Meyer::good prediction if it wasn't for them dibbling it out.
Keith Lawson::almost......
Ravi Mahalingam::Nice to see Amare making a contribution.  His improvement has helped make the Knicks competitive. No team in the NBA has 3 skilled 7 footers, in addition to a forward who is one of the league's best scorers.  If they could find a way to upgrade the point guard position, they could make things interesting in the playoffs.
Jay Thomas::I'm not going to get ahead of myself, but the Knicks look locked in.  They should have beaten Houston.  They are moving the ball, playing defense like they did last season, and EVERYONE is getting involved.  What more could you want?    This is definitely the best they've played all season.
David Richards::stat melo and barg can be on the floor together with no problem its chandler trade him ahah.
Joel L Mehler::They're talking Knicks playoff basketball in the Apple tonight.....well, of course they're a playoff-caliber team....they DID beat the PHILADELPHIA 76ers after all!
Ace OfDiamonds::And the Spurs, oh, and dont forget the Miami Heat.  Does that make them a Playoff team?  ;)
Eriko Jim::I think the NBA is better of when the Knicks and the Lakers are good than the Spurs and the Heat...casual basketball fans don't Care about the Spurs/Heat/ Thunder.etc
Rob J Carbone::melo i love u but 18 points on 18 shots, come on man , ur more efficient than that.   but anyways go knicks.
King Jaffe Joe::had one of his best all around games of the year, sit back
Rob J Carbone::i know tht but i just hate when he shoots bad , it bothers me.
Ken Ferriello::Rob J Carbone Get used to Rob. That's Melo. He is what he is.  A 45% shooter.
David Tran::um are these really the same knicks team i hold so dear? miami and now philly?! wow!
Shannon Williams::If Melo & Amare can learn 2 play together they will be far more dangerous than LB & Wade
Sandra Pubchara::keep dreaming when wade and bron r healthy their is no duo more dangerous because they not only impact the game on the offensive side but also on the defensive side of the ball and r also great playmakers u cant say that about melo and amare please learn a little basketball before u make those   coments u only make yourself look dumb
Mickey Hughes::Melo with another 38% MVP preformance
Ron Schaffer::There was an Amare sighting.
Kurran Lee Brown::Nice to see Melo playing team ball, not trying to take it 1 on 5, resulting in a fadeaway over multiple defenders.  Good ball movement, these Knicks are scary when they play like this.
David Roach::Time to give out the application..  New York knicks bandwagon application..  please return before the all-star break..
Shelby Joyner::STAT has always been the wild card. He is the only threat the knicks have in the post. Jump Shots come & go
Derrick Jagan::all those idiots from ESPN HAD THE KNICKS TRADING  everyone away and the raptors with the first pick in the draft, in december.
Christopher L Lopez::Hopefully Woodson plays Tyler for awhile if the game becomes a blowout. I'm really interested to see what he could do
Conroy Shields::Tyler can , rebound,score inside and out, is mobile for a big man, but played better defense in the summer league than in the D league.Needs to play to develop
George Fajardo::People forget that Stat carried this Knicks team before Melo came over.
Greg Bonfey::Glad to see Knicks win, just wish they would've done with Smith on the bench still.
Arvin Ramroop::Why does Bargnani always run so slow and it looks like he's afraid to get into much contact with his matchup?
Gary S Berman::Must have been the one minute contributions of Tyler and Aldrich that led the Knicks to victory.
Steven Rivera::If Amare could produce like this during the playoffs the Knicks could be far more dangerous team
Joshua Azenberg::well JR just checked in.... he better play smart basketball. An impossible feat, I know...
Kyle Miller::Lol
Joshua Azenberg::Kyle Miller apparently not an impossible feat...
Kyle Miller::Unfortunately I am unable to watch the game and witness this act of God.
King Jaffe Joe::without chandler, melo and amare have space to work together, looking good
Shannon Williams::Excellent numbers by Melo so far... 18 pts, 8 Reb, 6 ast... That look like LB numbers
