Arvind Badri::The Nuggets have never failed to disappoint me in the playoffs. Every year is another heartbreak, with the exception of 2009. Which is why I'm not gonna have any expectations for this team henceforth. With all the roster changes, I feel as if they can still sneak into the playoffs as a 7 or 8 seed, but it'll be tough with all the competition out West. Hopefully we can win the opener though. Win or lose, Nuggets fan till the day I die. GO NUGS!
Wash Heightsboythree::to be fair, they haven't had home court much.  2009 and last year? There might have been one other year where they lost as a 5 to a 4, but I think that was the year melo left.  i'm too lazy to google it.
Kyle Furtner::They had home court once in like 05..but only because they won their division..they played a far better team that year in the clipped
Adam Maher::I really thought Jimmer would get a shot with the new coaching change. I guess not. I have no idea why they hold on to him and not use him. Just trade him already.
Collin Dean::Sounds like something some idiot from Pahrump Nevada would say!
Collin Dean::HAHA sup man?! your right, I hope Sacramento never wins a game again. take it easy man!
Adam Maher::Hey Collin! Have to voice my frustration somewhere! Haha I figured someone would find me eventually! How you been?
Justin Nixon::so last year's excuse for "Free Jimmer" was that Smart was either a racist or an idiot.. can't wait for the excuses with Malone
John Larson::Just FREE him already, let him go if you aren't going to use him.  Who care what the excuse is, let him go...
Scott Smith::Justin I bet you hell eventually start playing a lot more minutes under Malone if the Kings keep him. Malone will eventually be tired of MT's selfish play and give Jimmer his minutes unlike that tool smart.
Shawn-Hlee Hawj::I root for the nuggets, but the Kings will win tonight. The new arena and new everything about the Kings will be enough for a W tonight.
Paul Andrew Schumann::Trade Jimmer!
Justin Beeson::I havent been this excited for a kings game since the last kings home opener. New year new expectations. Go Kings!
Alex Acton::Iggy= Major Chode
Steven Anacker::I see the Jimmer fan club is as strong as ever. The Lin Only Fans have chilled compared to this. I have zero problem with Jimmer, btw. Just think it's interesting.
Adam Maher::I am a Jimmer fan but wish they would just be open about his role. I hate watching a game never knowing if he will play or not. If they don't plan on playing him trade him or drop him.
John Larson::Adam Maher I have to laugh because I live in SLC and here a few years back all the talk was about Gordon Heyward and how "awesome" he was, up and coming star... and he barely averaged what Jimmer did last year while riding the pine.  The Kings just need to let Jimmer go, he doesn't fit with a selfish group of guys who play for themselves.
Earl Henstra::Adam Maher The Kings are open about his role... he rides the pine... exactly where he deserves to be...
Jeremiah Park::So glad that the NBA is back! There are new expectations for this better Kings team. Might be a potential 8th seed depending on how our young players play. GO KINGS!
George Jimas::would people rather see jimmer play and lose? i don't understand.
John Larson::No, they'd rather him play AND win.  One win without him on the floor is...., well, one win.  I say FREE JIMMER!  The kings organization has no use for him, let him go already so he can showcase his talents on a team that isn't full of selfish thugs.
Justin Nixon::Oh no, you don't understand.. If Jimmer was in they would've won by 20, of course with no statistical data to back that up
Scott Smith::Well they would have won by a lot more with Jimmer in with the way MT and BM shot tonight.
Tony Ellis::#freejimmer
Paul Andrew Schumann::wow, still no Jimmer.
Trisa Perry::Free Jimmer
Christopher Paul Bowen::Cousins taunting? LMAO Sacramento will be a lottery team again. Nuggets will sneak into the playoffs once Chandler and Galo come back...calm down big guy
Alec Keith::I just can't wait for Jimmer Fredette to get some REAL minutes on the court tonight. I've been waiting for this moment for two year. GO JIMMER!
Brian Robbins::Dream on. Nice kid with a nice jump shot and zero defensive ability. Will be out of the NBA in 2-3 years.
Alex Acton::Thats odd... thru one quarter I have still yet to see him
Scott Smith::Brian Im sure you said that 2-3 years ago as well.
TylorandDian Franks::Brian Shaw is looking like he has no idea what he is doing. How do you play Faried 15 min?
Christopher Paul Bowen::HES HURT
Sean Mee::Having lived through the Kings run in the early 2000's this was cool to see.  Had no idea who that rookie was who almost put down that incredible dunk in the first quarter, but he is going to be fun to watch.
Arvind Badri::GOod game Kings fans. Cousins was an absolute beast in the paint. I'll say it again, no expectations for the Nuggets this year. If they win, great. If they lose, no big deal, onto the next one. Regardless, GO NUGS! Let's get Portland on Friday.
Andrew Jackson::At least Lin isn't a scrub and can actually play basketball at a professional level. Only reason why Jimmer is on the roster is to fill up an arena so people could watch him ride the pine
Scott Smith::Everytime Jimmer is in he performs. Keep on hating.Eventually he will get his opportunity and youll be left eating your words.
Arvind Badri::That was an absolutely sick 8-0 run by the Nuggets. This team may not win many games, but with Robinson, Hickson, Lawson, and Mcgee they are sure as hell gonna be exciting to watch.
Alan Pettyjohn::New Coach...new Gm...new players...new strategy... Same old "no closer" Nuggets Smdh
Collin Dean::Another year, another moron coach that does't know how to use his bench. Dont let this game fool you, Sacramento won't win more than 25 games this season.
Matt Mossman::I'd suggest that you go up to Reno and put your money on that then...
Garrett Wonnacott::I love the Nuggets, but I'm going to go ahead and predict right now - they miss the playoffs this year, but not quite badly enough to get a good lottery pick, which is the worst place in basketball.
Lan Sy Ho::I almost disowned the Kings, had they moved to Seattle. It was a good win. But the season is still long. I just hope the Kings go back to the winning way.
Augustus Johnston::If it weren't for Miller, the Nuggets may be out of this.  A guy that the Nuggets weren't giving a lot of minutes to in the preseason, as they brought in Nate Robinson.
