LobCity2013NBAChamps::Just a very small step to greatness
Curtis Stone Is Gay::wolves haters love cancer.
spenceshutt::Can someone explain to me how the Clippers are ahead of the Grizzlies in the standings yet are one game back?
necks_itsk::They'll be on 4th place, but won't have home court advantage. Pretty much the game between them in the next couple of days should decide who plays home. If Clippers win, they should at least tie them in records, and since they are division winners, they get home court advantage.
ltozzi81::3
spenceshutt::That is weird...So if this scenario played out, they would start the first game on the road but would they still get 4 games at home or just 3?
Clipper_fan21::It is a weird NBA rule that nobody understands. Because the Clipper won their division, they are assured of finishing in the Top 4 seeding, but because they still have a worse record then Memphis they would start on the road for game one
Alpha_Dolphin::The Timberwolves are a shooting guard away from really competing in the West.  Pek is a top 5 center, Love is a top 3 PF, and Rubio, while he struggles with his shot as does Rondo, is a top 10 PG.  You bring a quick, slashing Kobe/Wade, SG in the mix, the guy from Indiana, even as a rookie; they would be a fun team to watch.  As one who lives in a multi-cultural/ethnic environment, I kinda like their ethnic diversity too...its good for the league and breaks down stereotypes...
Like Wazowski::They need at least one guy who can hit threes in addition to a slashing guard, their floor spacing is killing them almost as much as injuries this year.
doggbrown1::how to appear on adidas comericials, brcik like rubio
doggbrown1::lmao bricky on a roll
Curtis Stone Is Gay::hope you die of cancer.
LakersDodgers09::Sports Trivia: Which of these LA teams has never won a championship?&nbsp; a. LA Lakers (Basketball)&nbsp; b. LA Dodgers (Baseball)&nbsp; c. LA Angels of Anaheim (Baseball)&nbsp; d. LA Kings (Hockey)&nbsp; e. LA Galaxy (Soccer)&nbsp; f. LA Sparks (WNBA)&nbsp; g. LA Clippers (WNBA)
Not ur Ave Commentator::Lakers fans like you remind me of the old player at the club talking about all the girls he banged when he was young, but now he's old, pathetic and without hope, only living in the past. Wait, are you that guy?
LakersDodgers09::AND MY QUESTION WASN'T ANSWER...... LMAOOOOOOOOO  YOU MAD BRO?   Clippers garbage the only team in LA with "0" CHAMPIONSHIPS :)
LAclippers180532::yah go to bed. quit B.I.T.C.H.I.N u laker fans r just to ignorant to admit that the lakers suck and clippers r better. and dont say lakers have 16 championships cause im talking about the present. LOB CITY.  CANT STOP LOS ANGELES
A Drunk Monk::Go to bed loser.
bucknjnr11::Just thinkin back to when Wolves fans were offended that I said they'd get the 8 seed...bout that
RavensMNWild::Yeah, because we were healthy right?
Joe Raygor::I think if everyone on the T-Wolves can stay healthy, they got a good shot at the playoffs.
The_Grand_Poobah3::You can tell which players went out and got loaded the night before the games late in the season...D Williams and Budinger were so hungover today
blakkatana23::You'll only get this if you watch soccer, but Rubio's shooting ability reminds me of the legendary English player Emile Heskey
MauerPleaseDontLeaveMN::i have no idea what your talking about, what is soccer?
Deaneer32::Heskey &gt; Messi
The Anti-Power Boxing Fan::Bricky Brickio April brick count: 49
Joe Raygor::Did Rubio crap in your Cheerio's this morning?
MauerPleaseDontLeaveMN::i don't know why people hate on rubio. He is like the most likable guy in the nba
shawn804549::Wolves fans think they have a superstar in bricky. Lol he will never make an allstar game. Then I think about the rich history of wolves basketball. I didn't have to think long. They don't have no history. Lol
Joe Raygor::I'm a Clippers fan and I know I have zero right to mock any team's history. I can remember when it would be a miracle just to get 25 wins.
Joe Raygor::That's very nice of you to say. Appreciated.
Shelton2622::I like this Raygor guy. He understands that one season, or even a string of bad seasons doesn't make a franchise. Both of our teams have been ridiculed and mocked for so long, should we really be arguing and fighting the moment one of our teams gets good? I for one am glad that the clippers are finally a good team, and it gives me hope for our future. We are not in the same division, so there isn't even a big rivalry here, so stop the ridicule and go back to being the friendly competitors you once were.
shawn804549::No I'm a basketball fan. I'm not a fan of overrated players,  that the nba try to make superstars. This guy is way overrated. Your gm would rather build your team around Rubio, then Love.
MauerPleaseDontLeaveMN::i wonder if clipper fans will go back to being laker fans when the clippers lose chris paul.
-The Goober-::I all see from your post is blahablalhablahhalhahbhlahlbhablhalhb. If you want to judge the wolves players, judge them next year when the team is all healthy.
MauerPleaseDontLeaveMN::I really think your lying.....
-The Goober-::I hope your not a clipper fan talking about the Wolves history.
Bradley41496::Mauer, it's common sense CP3 isn't leaving. If you really think that, well. I'll pray for you.
The Anti-Power Boxing Fan::What?
MauerPleaseDontLeaveMN::lol the clippers will be out in the first round and cp3 will be gone next year
Joe Raygor::I think him and "Boxing Fan" are the same person.
MauerPleaseDontLeaveMN::Are you a clippers fan?
Laoboyfresh::Minnesota fukkin sucks..the only good thing that ever happen to the franchise was KG...
The Anti-Power Boxing Fan::Seriously guys, just accept the fact that Bricky Brickio can not stay at this level with such a horrible shot.  Go back to the basics Bricky, or go build a school in Africa with your bricks.
Joe Raygor::I don't see you on the court. Go easy on him.
MinniWolves90::MmmmHmmm
shawn804549::I rather have shaq shooting ft, then bricky shooting jumpers.
The Anti-Power Boxing Fan::How many bricks can Bricky brick if a Bricky Brickio bricks bricks?
MauerPleaseDontLeaveMN::your not really that funny
MauerPleaseDontLeaveMN::^^^^ lol get a load of this guy
The Anti-Power Boxing Fan::Mauer is overrated
Bradley41496::Denver won. I don't think we can take that 3rd seed. :/
Soonerhopeful1::It's a long shot...Denver does have an advantage with their altitude home court..!
Soonerhopeful1::Don't know why people are  distaste for  Rubio, and Griffin, and Jeremy Lee...  These guys can ball, and will make people eat their words in future... I guess the world must include  and have "rabid Homer fans" talking out their @rse...!.
mmoan_zonafan::I've waited 2 years to see D-Will break out. Hoping. Praying. Still waiting... 12 and 6 ain't bad for 25 min a game, though. And his mid-range j is coming around.
Laoboyfresh::^^^^ dude suck bad foreal..the only d will I know plays for the Nets
-The Goober-::dude sucks
shawn804549::I know one thing about the brick, he can't shot!  You have to score to win!  Keep using that excuse he is a great assist man he can defends. Ty Lawson, three weeks ago dropped 30 something on him, I guess he want defending that night. The only pg he can guard in the league is probably Nash
shawn804549::Your an apologists for this guy. A.I lead the league in steals.  Did that make him an elite defender?  This guy is an overrated Jayson Williams
The Anti-Power Boxing Fan::How many bricks can Bricky brick if a Bricky Brickio bricks bricks?
MinniWolves90::If you don't think Rubio is an elite defender, then you have no knowledge of basketball.
mmoan_zonafan::Bricky will never be Steve Nash on offense, but he'll be an average shooter ala Andre Miller.
MinniWolves90::I'd be pleased if Ricky was even a slightly below-average shooter.
-The Goober-::Bricky and the rest of the squad better be practicing their 3's this off season or will be awful again. Bricky better come back next year as a decent shooter or he needs to be traded.
MinniWolves90::He's a game-changer that doesn't even shoot the ball well. That's impressive in itself. Whether he can ever shoot better or not, Ricky is here to stay.
MinniWolves90::<b>He</b> has also single-handlely kept us in many more games.
-The Goober-::he better clean it up. his inability to shoot has caused the wolves way to many games.
mmoan_zonafan::In 3 years, Rubio will be a 15-10 man with great defense and a fringe all-star player
doggbrown1::ahahahahahhahaahhah
blakkatana23::Seems like Shved's game took a hit from the beginning of the season, when Rubio was still out. He was never as amazing as Lillard, but he probably at least on the shortlist for ROTY
shawn804549::Wolves face face reality, Rubio shot is not going to get better. I rather have Shaq shooting free throws then this guy shooting a jumper. He sucks!
Soonerhopeful1::pretty harsh stuff....If you're wrong, in future you won't cop to it.
wunderrr::he had some 8-12 games, so i wouldnt count him out already
Soonerhopeful1::People say Griffin's game is off this season with stats  down.... Griffin again didn't play in 4th, with 19 points and 8 boards in 30 minutes...     Griffin plays fewer minutes, with many more Clippers scorers dividing up shots.. I don't really think Griffin has fallen off this season..! Only in Minutes played.
MinniWolves90::Rubio needs to get his s**t together. He's been <b>ice-cold</b> from the field lately.
-The Goober-::it's the missed free throw from the toronto game, he was doing decent on his shooting awhile back.
28-APAD::Good game Clips fans. Good talking, despite the slow thread. Good luck, and have a good night.
Soonerhopeful1::52 wins for Clippers  A franchise record...!
wunderrr::congrats
-The Goober-::clippers suck balls, enjoy losing in the first round.
Soonerhopeful1::did you get loose from your mommy...?
MizaBetances::well... thats all for the night...
rioderoy::Here comes the over
shawn804549::Rubio, is 2 for 18 his last two games. This guy is horrible
doggbrown1::if u think losing lots of games and bricking all day is good for the team. okay
warriorsAREbad::I still have mixed feelings on the guy. Don't really know if he's good or bad for the team.
28-APAD::great defender. great distributor. winning attitude. He's good for the team. Just needs to improve
The Anti-Power Boxing Fan::Bricky Brickio needs to go back to the drawing board. At this level, his shooting skills are laughable.
28-APAD::you know very little about Rubio then
-The Goober-::hey this  terrible shooting should be a positive for us heading next year, there's no way in h#!! we can get worse shooting the three.
28-APAD::One big problem is guys who aren't good 3pt shooting taking a lot of threes. Ricky, DWill, AK, Shved. Shot selection needs to improve
wunderrr::especially AK and Ricky shouldnt take 3s...DWill actually can drain 3s, Shved could with a better shot selection
The Anti-Power Boxing Fan::Bricky can't even hit short jump shots
MizaBetances::lol... Agree!!!
Deaneer32::not to mention Love will be back
-The Goober-::also we will get a real SG in the draft he will be able to shoot and we won't have the 2 spot as a defensive liability.
Soonerhopeful1::Wolves need points, if the 3 ball isn't falling you get easier scores...Wolves are still shooting to win game, instead of just playing good bball...Score is getting inflated.
wunderrr::22% 5-22 from 3pt now
Soonerhopeful1::They need to cut back on the long shots, and take what the defense gives them..But Wolves do have shooters who believe in themselves.
-The Goober-::wolves have zero shooter brah, were the worst in the league.
28-APAD::some a little too confident
28-APAD::This is why they lose so many games
28-APAD::Wow...if you can't hit a three...just keep trying I guess. Sheesh talk about ugly
Soonerhopeful1::The big margin and score does one good thing for Wolves.... It keeps Griffin on the bench.
-The Goober-::damn dude your really obsessed over a crappy player like griffin. just accept the dude's garbage. KLOVE&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Griffin.
28-APAD::looks like another ping pong ball for the wolves draft lottery too....
wunderrr::26% 5-19 from 3pt, thats below Wolves infamous average haha
rioderoy::whats the point total?
MizaBetances::WTF was that?!?!?!?
wrecko22::here comes the under fix
Corbinator::How can they shoot 36% but be 18 of 19 on free throws!
MizaBetances::Which 2 we should trade?        a) Shevd        b) Rubio        c) Barea         d) Rido
MizaBetances::JJ dont fit in this team... he cant be the PG/SG... the whole point of him been successful is to be the underdog among the others.. if he take primary shooting then defense will be on him...
28-APAD::Actually if I were to trade two, it would be some combination of DWill and Luke/JJ
28-APAD::under no circumstance should they trade Rubio. Shved has a good makeup and I think he would benifit from playing the majority of his minutes at PG backing up RR. So that's an easy one. JJ and Luke
-The Goober-::luke ridnour has the go. he needs to be kahns first priority this off season.
The Anti-Power Boxing Fan::a) no one will take him b) ^ c) ^ d) don't trade him
AaronBrack::just luke
Chadwik93::told you twolves wont get 85
28-APAD::a lot of game left to play
The Anti-Power Boxing Fan::How many bricks can Bricky brick if a Bricky Brickio bricks bricks?
Soonerhopeful1::Speaking of best players...The best big man....  Griffin and K Love, either can play center.. If I had both, we would never lose..!  Slight exaggeration.
Soonerhopeful1::Yes they are not tall,,, But they can play center, and against tall guys, they kill them with their talent and speed... Tall guys cannot guard Griffin and his speed..     Both are strong enough to keep big guys off the boards.
-The Goober-::neither could play center, there both to short for the position and lack length.
28-APAD::In certain matchups they can. As a Wolves fan, I've seen Love play the 5 quite a bit
Rooneys NeXuS::LOL Chris Paul HAS MORE REBOUNDS AND BLOCKS THAN PEKOVIC. Shows how Chris paul on his game is the second best player in the game.
-The Goober-::chris paul is overrated, theres no way in H#!! he's the second best player in the league.
The Anti-Power Boxing Fan::Yep, MVP rankings:  1) Lebron 2) Chris Paul 3) Everyone else
28-APAD::I wouldn't consider CP3 the second best player in the game. He's probably the best PG in the game right now though.
28-APAD::bad clock management by the wolves there...had a chance for a two for one....
The Anti-Power Boxing Fan::The problem is that Bricky Brickio can not hit simple shots.  Unacceptable at the NBA level.  Time to go back to the drawing board Bricky.
wunderrr::you hate Ricky or your own life? :)
The Anti-Power Boxing Fan::Who is Ricky?
