imgainingweight::Nine inch nate had a noteworthy dunk. while capt clankeroo and lol deng stunk up the joint last night.
Ramza_Beoulve::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E2wTcMYA508   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sNnLAG3KwjM
Ramza_Beoulve::I know we lost, but GOD DAMN!
spaceicecream::I'm a huge Derrick Rose fan.  I love how he plays and how he feels about the game.  I even don't mind that he might sit out the rest of the season.  However, I really wish he would not talk to the media at all.  First off he's a terrible public speaker, says ummmmm constantly and references God way to much.  Just say you're constantly working on getting back ASAP and leave it at that.  No "only God knows", no "My knee feels really sore" and no "I wanna come back bad, but I have to think about my future".  It makes him look crazy, makes the media and fans go nuts and makes him look kinda selfish even though his future is his future.  KISS (keep it simple stupid)
imgainingweight::Thibs mantra of "go harder" is detrimental to the bulls future cuz if they are constantly a playoff contender but are not championship caliber they may as well tank a few. might as well get the best draftees available.
rainmaker2007::But that doesn't work because of the stupid lottery in the NBA. They may end up with the bottom pick in the lottery, which will basically mean they tanked for nothing. No other major sport is worried about teams tanking. What's with the NBA?
tigel18::This sucks for the Bulls.  They really are in "Basketball Hell".  Not bad enough to get a lottery pick and not good enough to seriously contend.  At this point I just want to watch DRose play, but I'm getting the feeling that he's being held back by his brother and agent more than anything else.
rainmaker2007::And the "Ghost of Grant Hill."
LetsGoChiTown83::Funny how the Bulls keep laying eggs after each time DRose makes public comments about how he basically just still doesn't feel like playing yet. Nice leadership man! Rose is acting like a gutless quitter, and the team he is supposed to be the leader of is simply following suit.
Notta Lespn1::anybody watchin basketball over the last 3 years knows that the regular season doesnt mean a thing, right Charlotte could win it all!
Notta Lespn1::Way to finish strong Bulls, 36 pts to 19 in the 4th &amp; 52-47 in the second half!
rickdogaho::Not a Bulls fan. But credit is due where credit is due. That WAS the dirtiest dunk of the year. I havent seen anyone come close. Your boy Nate is awesome.
youngndumb7::So awesome that he was celebrating the dunk that pulled them within a twenty-one point deficit.
IlliniDave68::The whole Derrick Rose 'will he or won't he come back?' thing has been a HUGE distraction to this team. I'm not happy, AT ALL, with Rose right now!
mccoywajmu::Thats not Rose's fault..when he wasnt talking people still complained...the bulls arent losing games because of rose they are losing games because they full of injury prone players they dont have legit off the dribble playmaker and they dont have legit player that can go for 25 on any given night on his own..they arent that good..the season has caught up to them..all the mins and injuries has brought them to reality
flybye23::"Every game is a grind right now. We're so short-handed," Boozer said.  i thought the Bulls were soooooooooooooo deep
Ramza_Beoulve::*Injuries
Ramza_Beoulve::Isn't it funny we lose the trolls come and make fun of us, but if we won they would've said "you got lucky" or "try and play the Heat". If you honestly have nothing better to do than troll other people watching basketball and wanting to talk about it, then you should get out your house, get a job, talk to some girls and live life.
Ramza_Beoulve::Really, I had no clue. A call was a call, we should've won, but it's what the refs saw. The Nuggets are a good team. They actually could be a legit threat to win the title this year. Just need to improve on the road more to do so.
helmsey::CHI fans having been trolling Denver's boards for a week now
spaceicecream::snitch
Ramza_Beoulve::Oh well, good game Trailblazers.
rainmaker2007::Is this the same Bulls team that are to supposed to break Miami's streak?
rondo2KG::Every time Rose opens his mouth = Bulls start losing again
Norber28::About this whole Rose argument, Rubio torn his ACL as well and he returned sooner than expected. He started playing in a team much more injury plagued than the Bulls, Kevin Love out, Brandon Roy out, Kirilenko &amp; Pekovic missing a few games every once in a while... They were expected to make it to the playoffs, yet they are a lottery team. When he came back he was playing rather poorly, but eventually he regained confidence and is playing great now.   Who says Rose has to make a run at the ring? Bulls are not that good right now. My point is, don't be a p*ssy and start playing, they are paying you a lot you know? And game after game he'd get back to his old self. Instead he keeps whining. This is just a kid who wants things his way. Grow up, man.
trza49er23::I saw on Sportscenter this morning that he's having some soreness in the knee.  Also, Iman Shumpert supposedly heard a "pop" in his knee the other night, after coming back around 8 months after the surgery.  I'm dying to see Rose out there, like everyone else, but this guy is a once in a generation (possibly lifetime) type player at his position, and the team simply isn't good enough to win with or without him this year.  I agree that the team record shouldn't stop him from returning IF he feels good, but he obviously isn't there yet, so why rush back and risk anything when you have a whole career ahead of you?
MagMile120::All star L. Deng 5 pts?  WTF!
Bumslayer86::What it comes down to he's been cleared by doctors and everyone involved. Reinsdorf absolutely has the right to suspend Rose for refusal to play and that way can save a ton of cash from here on out. Why pay the man when he's doing nothing for your franchise and refusing to play, this is the real world kid not a video game.
rainmaker2007::The other side of that coin is when the player comes back too soon either because the owner wants his "money's worth," or the player's ego is so big nobody can tell him he is not ready. Then the injury never quite heals ( see Grant Hill ) and the player never makes it back to his top form.
trza49er23::Luckily Reinsdorf isn't as big a moron as you, and he probably realizes the talent he has, and how valuable that talent will be to him long term.  You suspend his checks, or even pressure him publicly, and the relationship is immediately broken beyond repair.  There's a reason why the Bulls organization is publicly supporting the kid:  they believe in him and they know he's the future of the franchise.
fromaholeintheground::chicago would be better off not making the playoffs, they suck
Kobelies247::Wow Blazers making a late playoff push!    Tee hee
sworthin117::that's not the point
tehgazagoo::Probably the best thing about Bulls boards is how quickly and easily D.Rose haters and anti Chicago trolls are defeated and ignored.  :D  :D  :D   I think it's a cry-ami/ random troll paradigm; you guys aren't that good at zings and also the whole 'I never graduated high school' thing really shows. Sorry about your luck!!! You'll never stop us.  :)  We will continue to love basketball and the Bulls. Am SOOOO glad that fact obviously irritates you immensely.  :D  Or else you wouldn't be here.  :) Hey-o!  :)
WFullofit69::Nice smiley faces.  Very manly there tehgabozo.  Throw out a few LOL's and OMG's to complete the sissified post.
THESPURSWILLNEVERWINANOTHERCHAMPIONSHIP::Miami&gt;Chicago at basketball. Dont be A Jordan nut-hugger 15 years of shame just own it like a true fan.  Miami&gt;Chicago at having better weather.  Miami&gt;Chicago at having hotter women.   Chicago&gt;Miami at crime rate and murders.
youngndumb7::Miami:  Will be completely underwater in 25 years as water levels continue to rise, and will be long forgotten just like the shortened-season "championship".
The Human Torch was Denied a BankLoan::hotter women? whats the significance of that if none of them will ever talk to you?
The point center::stupid blazers only play good against us.
amiller244::Tyrus Thomas! Hahahaha
WFullofit69::Who'd Paxson trade for Aldridge?  I know he's good...just can't think of his name...
danl3980::Even at full strength the bulls just aren't that good.good but not great.
Area55andG2::There is only one legit team in the central this year.
LeBron is the Greatest. Better Than Jordan FACT::HAHAHA BULLS SUCK DICK  HEAT GREATEST EVER
bnair14::"God's not the only one who knows when you coming back Drose"  -Addidas
LeBron James MVPX4::Heat 116 Bulls 88  Book it boys
WFullofit69::And it the Bulls didn't have Nate Robinson, it would be 116-80.  Well, according to superduche area.....
WFullofit69::Does anyone remember 1985-86?  Michael got hurt and played only 18 games but CAME BACK and they made the playoffs.  I remember hearing rumors they wanted him just to sit but he wouldn't have it.  That's the kind of attitude that defines a champion.  Not this "I afraid!,  I might get hurt again"  I'm 100% but my mind isn't ready.  It's scary out there!  You're weak minded Derrick, that's why you disappeared in the fourth quarters two years ago against Miami, that's why you couldn't tell your gang buddies you didn't want to appear in photos making gang symbols, that's why you missed the clinching free throws against Kansas in the National Championship game, that had be vacated by the way, because you never were a student.  You are weak willed, and will never be a champion.
ChicagoGuy773::I remember the doctors saying he would only be out for 6 weeks. He missed 64 games that year. Yup let's also ignore the fact that a small bone break in the foot is a helluva lot easier to come back from than a torn ACL.
charliharper::Spot on comment. Nuff said.
Mastermind1985::whats the hurry? This team is injured and not good.
WFullofit69::So what, wait until you, the 'Mastermind' determines their good enough for him to come back?  Yes, well said Mastermind, you're name should be master bate....
GoNIU2013::last time i checked, MJ didnt have a 90million dollar contract. it's called an investment, moron, and MJ also BROKE HIS FOOT. he didn't tear his ACL. spoken like a true idiot, but then again, you already know you're Full of it.
THESPURSWILLNEVERWINANOTHERCHAMPIONSHIP::Last I checked Jordan had NIKE under his belt right after he became a rookie. So he was definitely endorsed and trust me they looked to MJ to sponsor his shoes since the company wasnt as known then. So he was certainly an investment. You are both morons. In conclusion,  Derrick Rose will always be injury prone and owe Lebron an MVP
WFullofit69::Just what I thought GoNIU...(great school by the way....you actually got accepted?  WOW!!!! )  a total sissy, won't be a man and own up to your writings.  What?  Mom say computer time is over?  Is if fun having a degree from a terrible school?  Oh wait, you didn't even go to college???  I know what's worse...
WFullofit69::You're a coward GoNIU.   If you want to trash me, at least be a man enough to identify yourself.  So weak.
Neil826::miami lost to dallas 2 years ago, so they disappeared as well.
WFullofit69::And then won last year....
john0000560::U may be right
john0000560::BOTTOM LINE.. Rose needs to play or quit talking to the media, cuz  every time he talks he makes things worse for himself! Either crap or get off the toilet!
john0000560::He's been avoiding coming back..... I think he can  avoid the media and let his brother do the talking for him.... Lol
john0000560::Really, player can't avoid the media?
GoNIU2013::you're right, because DRose goes to the media. it's not like the media come to him, because that would be craaazzyyy.
Leinfolderholder::can someone tell me about nate robinsons dunk?
Ramza_Beoulve::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sNnLAG3KwjM
WFullofit69::Yeah, it happened in a game they lost.
ChitownSuperBowlBound::The FO should just do us and the team a favor. Confirm what we all know which is that Rose is out for the season. Then at least the team knows he isn't coming back and it will no longer be a distraction.
WFullofit69::Can you imagine Jonathan Toews or Julius Peppers being 100% cleared to play and NOT playing.  What if they said 'we have no chance to win anyway, why risk another injury?"  You can't?  Of course, because it wouldn't happen.
john0000560::Your right, they deff should, Cuz  if they don't want him back this year, than rose is taking heat for nothing
itmakessense::I heard the Bulls have some healthy guy named Derrick Rose or something like that just sitting on the bench, they should play him.
lovestephon23::The more they Loos the better draft pick they get Thanks
lovestephon23::The more they Loos the better draft pick they get Thanks
john0000560::Lol
WFullofit69::Playing is hard....getting paid and sitting on the bench is much more relaxing.
greenbean47::Why should I play, when I am already getting paid.  -Derrick Rose
greenbean47::the bulls are terrible.
WFullofit69::Except when they play against each other....
Neil826::still are better than portland even without their best player
john0000560::The other thing is if rose doesn't play a minute the year, bulls management makes an insurance claim and bulls don't pay his salary....so if bj wantsbto get back at the bulls he should b pushing rose to get a little court time
WFullofit69::Amen....
john0000560::The difference is Jordan is a leader
WFullofit69::Remember Michael came back from missing 60 something games, and played Boston?  I remember hearing rumors that the FO wanted him to sit and he said 'NO $@%!$@ WAY!"
My 3000gt is TT::Insurance can call bs on the claim though, he's cleared to play and isn't playing by choice.
WFullofit69::I think the whole Drose saga is killing the Bulls.  They get torn up by Thibs for every minor defensive lapse, and they see their leader sitting out when they all know he's been medically cleared to play.  They all put it all out on the court every night and see him afraid to play.  It's no wonder they started tanking when Rose was cleared to play....
john0000560::Do u really think they can put rose in a playoff game and the offense is gonna run smoothe?... Really? He's been out for 313 days, no court chemistry.... Hes gonna need to play for a couple weeks to get rhythm
john0000560::I agree, they were expecting him to help, Cruz they were playing their butts off, until rose started dragging his feet
Area55andG2::What sort of impact would Rose be making? A few games if that? The playoff seeding isn't that important, as long as They stay away from the Heat, the Bulls shouldn't be worried about winning meaningless regular season games
Area55andG2::you pretty much reiterated ignorance again. The squad is crap first of all. If not for Nate Robinson's production, this team would be scoring like 80 ppg. Why would Rose want to risk anything for this group? They have a very, very slim chance at contention this year. The Bulls need to move on and stop worrying about this season
Area55andG2::This is pretty funny. I couldn't give 2 hoots about the Bulls. You guys sure have alot of angst  for a superstar that makes you relevant. This team isn't worth coming back to this season. Until they put legit pieces around Rose, this operation might end up be Chris Paul 2.0. Under what indication do the Bulls show they can compete for a championship? This team is a lot worse than last years.
WFullofit69::Wait, I got it area....you want Rose to be cryogenically frozen until they don't have a team of 'crap players' and then he come back in his prime!  You are BRILLIANT!!!  Keep writing your exquisite posts, we are all honored that mom let you use her computer.
WFullofit69::Area, I think the air in your mothers' basement is getting to you.  So, you think Rose should sit out until they're guaranteed a championship?  Is that what you're saying?  If that's the case, LeBron still has another five good years.  No need to come back before then.
itmakessense::Noah, Deng, Butler,  and Gibson aren't crap players.
peytonchokesagainlol::Did god tell the bulls to lose?
Justinkm83::Good job Portland. You can have the 10th spot now.
fromaholeintheground::10th in the west....3rd in the east....
john0000560::Rose is a good player, but c'mon man, show some emotion, some want to get back out there.. He has to test the knee sooner or later, why not now? Why wait till next year and realize its still not right.....
john0000560::Right .... Ease back in the game work on passing and team chemistry. Just get back in the flow
Ryqou::I agree he should at least go out there and give 50%  ...I don't think anyone expects him 2 come in game 1 droppin 40+
Ill-Blaze::well every bulls fan on here that is talking about rose is also assuming he's gonna return to his prime if he does it'll take a little bit if he doesn't then he either needs to learn to shoot or be a huge distributer to be a starting caliber pg
Spurts_will_never_make_ESPN_highlights::J Lin was smart about his knee recovery, not trying to do Linsanity and instead keeping it fresh for the recovery haul
Ryqou::lost $55 on a money line ...thx BULLS  I guess the BLAZERS haven't lost hope in making the Playoffs
amiller244::The Blazers have been like that all year. They'll have spotty good games and beat decent teams then go out the next game and get blown out by terrible teams like the Hornets and Wizards.
Neil826::dont bet against the blackhawks this year
WFullofit69::As a Chicago fan living in Vegas I ALWAYS bet against Chicago teams.  If they win, who cares about the money, if they lose, I need something to drink with.....
CHITOWNBULLS1991::Why did you bet on the Bulls in the first place? They are going downhill....and fast
Ryqou::sure looks like it
Spurts_will_never_make_ESPN_highlights::Jeremy Lin ahead of Rose in the knee injury recovery department but D Rose is an MVP Bull so he should acclimate quicker??
WFullofit69::DRose is becoming a joke.  Go ahead and retire you woman, you never were good when the chips were down.  Of course, your sponsors are eventually going to want their money back when you sit out the whole year.
ShirtlessJim11::Chill out guys. We are all pathetic.
WFullofit69::And I know DRose never went to class, but when you're waiting to be 110%, mathematically, then, you'll never play again.
WFullofit69::He's been cleared to play and everybody knows it....now he looks like a pansy.
My 3000gt is TT::You're so pathetic, the doctors have cleared him by saying he can't do any more damage to it than a regular person playing in the NBA, he's already gone through "full recovery"...
Area55andG2::you realize that there is period of time when you are cleared to play, you are more prone to aggravating the  injury, where if you full waited for the recovery, it wouldn't be as big a problem. As an example, Rose all of last year. He tried to play through injury, which led to a worse injury, which ultimately lead to him tearing his acl.
Area55andG2::ignorant. What would his sponsors think if he came back only to retear his acl because you wanted him to return to wasted season? The dude came off acl surgery. Calm down
3 fans like this.::Has Rose asked God? What did he say? When will he be back?
Spurts_will_never_make_ESPN_highlights::Are you there god?, It's me..Derrick  -Judy Blume 2013
CHITOWNBULLS1991::The Bulls need to amnesty Boozer so his contract will no longer count against the cap. The only way we are going to get out of this mess is to amnesty Boozer and sign more players with that money. I don't know if there is another way.
schrodingersdogbox::you should ask nick friedell. he loves when people bring this topic up
CHITOWNBULLS1991::and I like Boozer, I really do, but his contract is outrageous.
Area55andG2::fan of a rival team. Not a hater. Robinson will be less effective as a backup. And Deng will most certainly leave. He's unrestricted. Boozer has surprisingly had a good season, but it seems to be a direct result of Rose's absence. Butler is nothing more than a role player. But I guess if Chicago does well with their money, they can be legit. But they will have to reinvent their team. This group is nowhere where they need to be.
CHITOWNBULLS1991::To be honest I think you are a pretty big Bulls hater, but i'll respond to your comment anyways. The Bulls can amnesty Boozer and get a good amount of money from the Cap, not to mention they'll have Robinson who They WILL resign, and maybe Bellinelli.  I'm not sure they'll resign Deng after the 2013-14 season, but they have Butler and worst case can sign someone else. They also have Mirotic waiting overseas who may come over in a couple years. I don't think the Bulls are as worse off as you say.
Area55andG2::honestly your team has an awful future. You got Robinson leaving after this season and Luol leaving 2014. Unless the Bulls can miraculously make something with your Jimmy Butler, Rose and Noah, they should blow things up.
manejd@gmail.com::This is what happens when you fall in love with your players, and are a failure in free agency.  Now Bulls management wants us to wait to 2014 to be relevant, why?
dhoodsims::I don't respect ray allen for going to the heat he should have went down with the big 3 ship he jumped off I can't respect that I c where kg was coming from..
schrodingersdogbox::kg should have stayed with in Minnesota with that logic. KG is a hypocrite
ncjcrsu::Wow the Bulls are just falling apart.  They could even go as low as the 8th seed.
schrodingersdogbox::too bad thats as low as theyll get
schrodingersdogbox::even if the bulls lose out they will still make the playoffs.
CHITOWNBULLS1991::really? I thought the benchmark for the 8th seed was like 40-41 wins..
schrodingersdogbox::philly is so bad that they could make the 8th regardless
Green Power Juice::First derrick said he would be back after he dunked off his left foot then he said his hamstrings are burning then he said i can do everything I am not mentally ready now he says only God knows when he will return
john0000560::Yes they should work on Chemistry in the playoffs ... Lol
dhoodsims::drose and the bulls are playing possum he will be back for the playoffs he will need every bit of energy when they play the heat that's if he returns
schrodingersdogbox::rose will be in game shape by the playoffs lol
john0000560::Any real leader would come back. Kobe ain't got a chance this year, should he just cal it a day and think about next year?
john0000560::I have seen the heat, but if you don't play to win the game, then you can't win!!
schrodingersdogbox::i wouldnt either. have you seen the heat this year.
john0000560::Just saying, he should want to be back play in. And a deff doesn't seem interested at all
schrodingersdogbox::kobe does have a chance. he has superstars on his team this is the nba. superstars win playoff games you need superstars to win  bulls have 1 and thats rose
schrodingersdogbox::there is nothing for him to come back to
imgainingweight::I hope the bulls don't draft archie griffin.
