ObeseIRL::hi
Clarence2126::the does actually beat somebody they were supposed to instead of another embarassing loss
ooboh::51-100 FG for the Bucks? That's er...um...oh yeah! 51 % (yeah, I was just being sarcastic)
CrewDeBrew22::Holy Shi.t.  131 points is just crazy
LetsPlayScRyB::they should get fined lol
samnishanth::bucks here !! we go!!..:)
tysonwynn26::Milwaukee is trying to win, and Boston is trying to lost so we can have a Round 1 of  Heat vs Boston!! How good is that!!
This_Guy1::Goddammit Housecats.......
MTNDEWWD55::MJ is better than everyone on the bobcats.
Clarence2126::even at 50
Miller Park After Dark::PROST!
GrealityBites::Bobjokes coach:  We played well tonight.  If we hold the opposing team to 101 instead of 131, we can win.  I know you guys are all studs and millionaires basking in the glow of your mediocrity, but what d'ya say, can you keep the MILWAUKEE BUCKS from scoring 131 points in regulation?!!!!!  WTF.
Doodzy4::Monta Ellis simply knows how to play basketball. Leader of this team.
Rumrunner66::He manages to overcome Jennings trying to make them lose game after game. Theres always that.
GrealityBites::Leading them where?  Right into oblivion?  Enjoy that first round sweep, but not even that.  #1kwame  #3morrison
mtcunning3::"Sanders, coming off a then career high 21 points in a loss to the Los Angeles Lakers Thursday....etc" These ESPN recaps just keep getting worse and worse.  The Bucks beat the Lakers Thursday.  Not sure if they just can't accept the fact the Lakers are a bad team, or if the journalism is just this flawed.  A mistake now and then is human, but this is becoming the norm.  Get it together ESPN.
jsconway28::Seems as though ESPN is in on the conspiracy to send the Lakers to the playoffs at any cost, even if it takes rewriting history.  Now I have to lock myself in the bathroom before Ninja David Stern shoots me in the neck with a tranquilizer dart and overwrites my memory.
Chris72077::Kemba is underrated
GrealityBites::He would've been drafted at least 15 in the WNBA.
TCluvcarpanthers::Best player on the Bobcats: Kemba Walker  Most important player on the Bobcats: MKG
This_Guy1::MKG - DNP - Personal Reasons
GrealityBites::There's no best player on the Bobjokes.  It's just Jordan's brain showing you how much pure physical talent is all that really matters in the NBA.  #jaunitaihas170milliondollarsnotbadbabyareyoufreeonfriday?
Matty_hans::or he could end up a hall of famer. who the f.uck knows
Matty_hans::mkg will end up greatly underachieving. nothing more than a player who should come off the bench when the team needs energy.
BoisePanther3489 XVII::We've got the best Defense in the League, I can pick a Winner, and Kobe's better than LeBron.  -Michael Jordan
knicks_11::damn didnt know miluakee cud score this much
chighfield18::anyone else think Bismack is a bust?
bobcats 2020 nba champs::give us about 7 years just wait
freebird61885::Lol
ac2830::went to the game and the scoreboard does not reflect how gross the game was
Kembaslice::How good would Kemba be with a front court that was actually a threat inside 10 feet
This_Guy1::Can't blame him because he has no one to pass it to.
KN_WisconsinFan::10 turnovers
Kembaslice::kemba TOPG&lt; Westbrook, Tony Parker, Ty Lawson, Jdrue Holiday, Liliard, Rubio, Wall, Kyrie, Lin or Rondo
Kembaslice::I think he's almost there anyways
Kembaslice::thats what im sayin.. if they ever got stops he'd have more transition chances too
steelersbobcatsredsox::i think its pretty amazing he averages around 6 apg with no pf/c that is good in a pick and roll
steelersbobcatsredsox::20 ppg 8 apg
milw-jay::im most amazed that attendance was over 15000      Monday night game, late season.  horrible team. Brewers home opener.   I would have been expecting about 10000 at most.    Nice work, Bucks fans...
ac2830::at the game....it was not 15000.....closer to 7 max
KN_WisconsinFan::i know a lot of people who were hitting up the brewer game and then hanging out for a bit and going to the bucks game
IversonDaGreatest3::the bucks still have terrible fans but i don't blame them when they know they'll never win a championship in this decade...
Navy Squid45::Yes thanks for Tobias Harris you can keep Reddick his prime days are behind him
SEMM_18::Hopefully you can sit next to Tobias and watch him in the playoffs!
dcenate05050::6-17, 5-18 shooting..  Brandon jennings can do better than that and hes a twig
-----Milwaukee Bucks-----::K
IversonDaGreatest3::I thought MKG was supposed to be  a good defender he overrated this year...
colobr731::He is, but 1 good defender doesn't make the team's defense better.  Larry Sanders is one of the best defenders in the NBA this year and Bucks are a terrible defensive team.
Kembaslice::he is, you expect one rookie at the 3 spot with no PF C or Sg is going to make a difference?
steelersbobcatsredsox::he didnt play moron
steelersbobcatsredsox::well then your opinion is false
IversonDaGreatest3::f*** yall talking about, i  mean he  not that good of a defender this year imo
ncjcrsu::He didn't play, idiot.  Check the box score before you say something stupid.
chris johnson 558::thank you for tobias harris
dcenate05050::dont you ever get tired of saying that every bucks game. Hes had Brandon jennings stat lines the past few games.
-----Milwaukee Bucks-----::K
colobr731::That was uncalled for. Its like looking into the future with Henson in 2 years.
SEMM_18::Good win guys! Lets keep it going now
J-Tjuan::Good job Bucks on the blowout.  No matter how bad a team is, it has to do well for confidence closing out the regular season.
milw-jay::Agreed. These here Bucks have lost to Cleveland, Detroit and Washington at home, so, there is no such thing as a gimme.   They have to bring max effort every night to win.
Kembaslice::Clippers Pacers should be interesting
sweet_lew09::O.O larry sanders doesnt have a block today?!?!?
Mr. Dwigglesworth::No one even bothers to drive on him anymore.  As the stats have shown, he's the best, and now that he's got some offensive game and a 12-15 footer...... Sky's the limit.
colobr731::2 games in a row, hes losing his lead on Ibaka.
Mr. Dwigglesworth::He had plenty of redirects.
steelersbobcatsredsox::remember when the bobcats were one of the best defensive teams in the league?
Kembaslice::when Gerald Wallace was young...
milw-jay::not really, no
steelersbobcatsredsox::the year they made the playoffs i think they were top 5 in ppg allowed
colobr731::Bobcats better start winning soon, Kemba looks mad.
Kembaslice::If they don't do something big this offseason that guy is gonna be a knick in no time
steelersbobcatsredsox::my biggest fear is kemba leaving
milw-jay::this is throw back to the ABA days of basketball.
sweet_lew09::Monta is a beast
steelersbobcatsredsox::biyombo should be insulted that he is on the court with williams and thomas
colobr731::Redick, drop that. Quit being nice.
-----Milwaukee Bucks-----::Detlif Schremp &gt; Drew Gooden
Kembaslice::Schrempf was really good
colobr731::Duh.
SEMM_18::Henson with a jump shot lmao
blueblazer38::LOL
colobr731::That is sad, Bucks fans chanting for Drew Gooden. Sigh.
-----Milwaukee Bucks-----::Hahaha. Wow.
Kembaslice::Bobcats should resign Okafor at 1/4 the money... they could use the defense
SEMM_18::WE WANT DREW! lmao
heisenberg_2::The Bobcats are a disgrace to professional basketball.
Mr. Dwigglesworth::About time.  I've waited for a blowout for months.  BTW, where is Jennings?  Ellis&gt;Jennings including all potential upside imo.
-----Milwaukee Bucks-----::"Playing defense is to mainstream."  Bucks and Bobcats
milw-jay::though it doesnt appear so, the Bucks average have an ok defense, as far as turnovers,  opp fg% and points.   just middle o the road.
steelersbobcatsredsox::bobcats every game
-----Milwaukee Bucks-----::Bucks are putrid defensively as well.
steelersbobcatsredsox::sniper
SEMM_18::LMAO
Edward4515::Jennings still on the bench even though he played well tonight, might as well say trade him now cause he aint staying.
cyclonextrem::There is a trade deadline.. Shows how much you know about Basketball
colobr731::Haha JJ
joest2003::what are some realistic Free Agents that would possibly come to Charlotte considering they got like 30+ Mill.
colobr731::Kevin Martin would be a good option if you guys could get him.
Kembaslice::Tyreke Evans, Andrew Bynum
Kembaslice::why not? Bynum only cares about a check.. we know that
pantherfan2488::April Fools joke right?
steelersbobcatsredsox::jj hickson
SEMM_18::JJ!!! WOW
Mr. Dwigglesworth::Ok, Ellis, I don't want you thinking you can make more than 11mil...
