Mr.Cooperation::You can win a few games with 3-point shots, but you can't win a division title or more with jump shots. The only Warrior who scores steadily inside is David Lee. Too many outside jump shots, including Curry.
Seattle Blows!::this game was lost cuz of offensive rebounding by indy. they found gaps around defenders for put backs.  no one was boxing out indy players. also another thing, the dubs had a hard time with bigger stronger players. when you're defending someone you have to have one hand on them(hand on their waist, arm, back)  when a shots is off to feel where they are going while at the same time looking at the ball if it comes off the rim. No one did that.
David::The Warriors looked much better in the 2nd half than in the 1st half. However, they still need to play much better TEAM offense. They play far too much one on one basketball on offense. SA is a good team to emulate for team offense.
David::I have noticed when Thompson is moving quickly to get into position, he often will attempt a 3-pt shot with his shooting hand on the side of the ball. He often misses these. When his is stationary (and someone passes to him) he has his shooting hand under the ball (and roughly centered on the ball). He makes many of these shots. Logic says that he should have his shooting hand in the same position (centered under the ball) when he moves quickly to get into position. When he is closer to the basket he seems to manage to do this, and he makes a lot of the shots. Hence it appears he should remind himself to do this (position his shooting hand centered under the ball) on "all" of his 3-pt shots, not just the ones he is in a set position for.
LaJames W::Why all of the hate for Golden State? Yes the Pacers are elite, yes they are the best team in the NBA this season, and yes they have been building towards this level for about 3-4 years now. So give the Warriors some time to gel. Warriors are up and coming and the Pacers time is now.
Rainbow Dash::Floor's slippery.
Guest::Miami is rooting for you tonight Warriors. Go Pacers!!
KEITH::Iguadala only one who tries to play defense. G S out in first round of playoffs.
PKM::David Lee can't handle physical 4's.
Trigger Tha Gambler::Warriors 105 Pacers 101 FINAL. Splash Bro's 68pts.
