mosesbyu::Free Jimmer.
k_nak::Kings need to trade one of these guards and bring in some front court vet.  What's with I. Thomas starting and now isn't even getting any PT?  Trades are easier said than done as the league is so watered down but seems like they could find something out there for a team that's in need of a PG or shooting with Fredette.
WatergateSean::they want to trade tyreke evans?  sure. ok then kings.
PhatmanXL::Maloofs aren't selling to Hanson or anybody else. They'll move if you give them a free arena, pay their debt to the city and the league, and their relocation fee. That's a lot of $.
awr266::Seattle? LOL. Y'all already lost an NBA team, they're moving out here to Virginia.
themightyrule10::they want a new identity when they relocate to seattle
themightyrule10::Also, I remember asking Canadians this a few weeks ago but never really got a response-  What's the status about Vancouver's efforts to bring an NBA franchise back to BC? I've heard David Stern say multiple times that his biggest regret was allowing 2 teams to leave the pacific northwest in less than 10 years.   I know basketball is growing exponentially in BC (a lot of good high school kids coming out) and have always felt the "disinterest" in the sport was a little overhyped.  With the high chinese immigrant population in BC, I'd assume the NBA wants to take advantage of that growing market.  People around the commissioner have said that bringing a team back to seattle or Vancouver is somewhat of a "personal interest" to stern.  I'd also assume seattle would be the front runner, but still curious.  Anyway, I'd appreciate the insight!
theGrind::Have heard nothing about Vancouver. That rumour may be fuelled by Stern saying not long ago that pulling the Grizzlies was something he truly regrets. Have heard though  through hockey circles that Seattle would be a viable NBA option once again if an owner can be found that would be willing to bring both hoops and hockey to Seattle under the same flag. Didnt the Seattle city council vote to build a new barn?
themightyrule10::there were exterior design plans released a few days ago, and the project is now under environmental reviews...basically all that's left is an NBA team, it is pretty clear that construction won't begin until an NBA franchise is secured.  Interesting to see what the Maloofs &amp; Sacramento  do in the coming months, the kings seem like the ideal team to move, now that new orleans has shown their plans to redo their team name and logo
themightyrule10::raptors you're killing me...I thought they would be a sleeper team in the east! I live in seattle so I don't get raptors games, but can some toronto fans fill me in?? What's terrence ross's role on this team? Is ed davis legit yet? Is demar derozan's career a bust? This team just seems to have too many guys who can play, I've heard bad things about andrea all year, what about the rookie? Toronto's record and the fact they are losing all these close games is baffling me.  But hey, I'm from MPLS so being a wolves fan I feel your pain!
murfee1::These road games are killing the Raptors. 19 of first 25 on the road. c'mon NBA can you be a bit nicer. Andrea your gone, ive seen enough you play like a russian hockey player. You got skill just no consistancy. Calderone your gone too. I dont care who the Raps get back for them their departures will make the team better. Jonas V looks like the real deal hes 20 years old so he wont be tearing it up until he gets a couple more years under his belt. He should be a top 3 centre in the East.
themightyrule10::I've always felt like the raptors take the most outrageous road trips
kick boy face 2820::How much longer do Raptors fans have to put up with the inept Bryan Colangelo?  Should be screaming bloody murder ...
tirvine1::For the Raps to move forward they need to make a couple significant changes: 1) Trade Bargnani...after the glimmer of hope he provided last season I thought this might be a big year for him but he has regressed significantly...that said, a trade for Gasol makes little sense; while Gasol is a better player, his contract is terrible and his knees don't look like they're going to hold up for much longer...if we're trading for similar positions, we could look for a stronger pf/c like al horford 2) Fire BC...his name is probably the only thing keeping him around right now...he's yet to achieve any success, has made some terrible moves and he has continued to build around the wrong pieces...whoever comes in next will hopefully add pieces that can play effectively w/dd, lowry and jval with t-ross being manouvered into a james harden style 6th man type role)...i was very excited when BC came in but in reality, it's been too long w/o anything to show for it...I think that DC is a good coach and with the right tweaks could have the raps playing for a playoff spot (I say that with the understanding that this is only possible given the fact that the Raps play in the Eastern conference)
SFthomas1969::Ive been using this betting system called sportsbettingstar the past couple months. Im making about $3,000 each month I have followed this system. If you search google for sports betting system you will find the system. If you like to bet this system is awesome.
surasosa::Aaron Brooks numbers   MPGFGM-FGAFG%3PM-3PA3P%FTM-FTA	FT%RPG APG PPG             	               22.9	3.0-6.9	              .432	                        1.2-3.2	                      .389	                      0.6-0.9	.                625	          1.8	          2.2	         7.8  jimmer fredettes numbers in well more than half the playing time.... lol  10.6	2.2-4.8	     .458	        0.7-1.7	      .423	          1.2-1.3	       .900	         0.5	         1.3          6.3  i honestly dont get how this goon keith smart can justify again and again a worthy reason for holding this kid down
the01kings::because he gets burned on defense. kid can score, and I agree give him more PT, but lowry abused him.
NBARefsRimRose::Bargani is a C U N T!
IAMLEGEND_101::SUCK MY YANG YO
Marcumm::nutso=blindest jimmer hater. He steal your girlfriend or something?
calvintheidiot::yeah have aaron brooks take the free throws.... #keithsmartlogic
iyunis::Why isn't Isaiah Thomas getting playing time anymore?
PhatmanXL::Two reasons:   1) Brooks is starting at PG because he plays better defense (or so we are told) 2) Fredette is playing with second team because he's shooting really well  In my opinion, Isaiah makes better decisions with the ball than Brooks and is a wash defensively (neither is doing very well there). He should be the starter with Jimmer as the back-up. Brooks is insurance in case the other two get hurt. With Tyreke being able to take over the PG spot if needed (Salmons also played there in a back up role and did fine last season), the team should consider dealing one of these point guards to a team like the Lakers who are in need. The Kings could really use a shot blocker/rebounder. I'd be willing to deal any of them with a second round pick for a journeyman back-up center.
n88nick06::I know, he's good.   Why no playing time for Isaiah?
78Bevan::jimmer won this game, you are welcome
PhatmanXL::Not really, but after a slow start he played well. Cousins kept the team in the game in the first half and Tyreke put them away. JJ has his best game of the season.   Note: Jimmer plays best after he warms up a bit and he gets minutes with Cousins on the other end of the rotation. it would be a good move for the Kings to hold Brooks on the bench and give Jimmer some time on the floor with the starters once he's in the flow of the game. When Cousins is able to work inside, it really opens shots up for a spot up shooter and Jimmer excels there.
ChargersFan4Life001::i'm out good win go kings
NBARefsRimRose::if i was the raptors players i would serioulsy punch bargani in the face right now!
wnsj89::raps can't really lose right now, either they win and get better or they hold on to their top 3 protected pick!
n88nick06::They suck they lose everyday, lol
ChargersFan4Life001::shocking stat of the night: Salmons 7 dimes and 0 turnovers
PhatmanXL::Salmons play has been better this season (overall). he couldn't make a jump shot to save his life last season, but has been more consistent this year.
Jail Blazer::Sacramneto is a terrible city that smells like ball sweat
PhatmanXL::I've spent a lot of time in both and there is no comparison. Portland is garbage, as is the entire state of Oregon.
shylano::You must be smelling people's balls everyday to know what ball sweat smell like.  Idiot
17assists::hahahaha...spoken like a true blazers fan
17assists::So tired of all this drama with the Kings...either build a new arena or move the hell to Virginia Beach (or Seattle).  Stooopid Maloooofs...
mizsioux::Do any raps fans remember the good ole days with Charles Oakley, Mo pete, VC, Dell Curry, the junkyard dog, and alvin williams.   That was the team when I was a little kid that I grew up loving. Man how times have changed.
mizsioux::and of course antonio davis
mizsioux::Take note NBA. This is what happens when you try to build your team of Europeans.
Minnysota Vikings::The Kings need guys that like distributing the ball. There's a reason the Kings are dead last in assists. Too many isolation players that like to jack up shots.
Loves_2_Jacket::Adrian Peterson &gt; Christian Ponder
Jon3091::All they do is jack up shots.
Loves_2_Jacket::the raps took bargnani out down 13 and they put him back in when they went up 2, that is +15 with him out. And then they put him back in and we lose by 7. Pathetic
GeorgeTownDC29::between Having Bargnani and him getting playing time, Calderon getting no playing time, and signing Landry Fields I feel bad for any Raptors fan. Coming from a Wiz fan
Woodywoodpick::3/14 for Bargnani, he is pure crap, holy shi t,  no wonder why raptors keep losing,  his teammates cant always cover and repair his suck ness
mizsioux::I wouldn't mind bargnani if he showed any effort, but he is literally no effort and a bunch of missed shots
n88nick06::Look at Lowry's face the dude never smiles, like he hates being on the Raptors.  Dude doesn't look happy ever.  Feel sorry the guy....  He's the only guy that does anything really, and they still lose.
4th and 29::<b>Twitter says LAL will get Bargnani &amp; Calderon for Pau Gasol</b>
GeorgeTownDC29::Bargnani for Gasol lol. Lakers would get an even softer big man if that is possible
NBARefsRimRose::all european HACKS!
kfilter::gg raptors see you in the lottery. Hope tross gets more time
Minnysota Vikings::When you make 7-16 shots and go 7-12 from the FT line and that's considered "tearing it up", you know the guy's a chucker
ChargersFan4Life001::he's been much better lately, if he keeps it up then he should stay
kfilter::who else on the team is better?
kfilter::cuz had 25 and 13 tonight also we need them both
kfilter::hes a center tyreke plays guard you need both on the court..
Jon3091::Cousins
Minnysota Vikings::DeMarcus Cousins is very special talent. Center the team around him.
ChargersFan4Life001::GG and GL Raptors
Loves_2_Jacket::does it really matter? we are both lottery teams lol
ChargersFan4Life001::yep but being nice
mizsioux::Bargnani needs to be the classic Italian man and quit and go live with his mom
NBARefsRimRose::he needs to get on a plane and fu ck off back to italy.. in the process i hope his plane crashes and he dies!
Clutch Klutz::The way I see it, Toronto is currently the worst team in the league.
n88nick06::Raptors worst team in the league, i'd take Washington over those clowns, LOL
Clutch Klutz::My thoughts exactly! Washington wont be so bad after Wall gets back.
Loves_2_Jacket::We have great board all night with both teams fans and then the trolls have to start showing up
Clutch Klutz::Not really trolls, it's really the truth. Not even trying to be funny. If you as a fan can't accept it. Sorry, but it's really my honest opinion as well.
WaveySauce585::107-105 final kings win
TrueNum1AllStar::100-107
Jordan014-23::raptors is the best 4-15 in the league
rayallen1920::believe it or not bargnani is not even close to the worst player on the team. Thats Landry Fields.
laytonwasasocialist::ya but at least fields had the bloody decency to get hurt!
fball8088::This is the first raptors game ive watched all year. Now i understand why they dont like bargnani
Minnysota Vikings::Get Tyreke Evans out of town and watch the Kings magically start to win games again.
ChargersFan4Life001::he has been great the last 6 games
kfilter::he tore it up tonight
Minnysota Vikings::rare
NBARefsRimRose::GO DIE BARG!!! GO FU CKING DIE YOU ITALIAN C U NT!
Loves_2_Jacket::you are a mad individual
laytonwasasocialist::he's just emotional
Loves_2_Jacket::Primo pasta and sauce sales are plunging as we speak
Jordan014-23::YES BARG YES....keep doing wat ur doing barg
steve_cronin61::thanks again primo
jose1891::Lowry sucks at free throws
Jordan014-23::atleast the primo pasta taste good
Loves_2_Jacket::it is cheap mass produced crap actually
ChargersFan4Life001::get a win? f that -JJ and Brooks
redevelopmentguy::Sorry.  No Kings deserve to be an All-Star.
GeorgeTownDC29::Jimmer?
Jon3091::Padres 49ers? lol
redevelopmentguy::Have lived in both cities.  i was born the year the Pads went to the World Series in '84.  Moved to norCal when i was 6.
