Andy P Kordyban::It is like I am watching the Special Olympics.
Will McCoy::I thought we were going to have to make trades and blow this thing up...turns out this team sucks so much we can keep everyone and still get atleast a top 10 pick!  its like the 97 spurs all over again when Robinson was hurt and they sucked and got Duncan lol. Go Bulls! KEEP THE TANK GOING
Patrick MacKinnon::So, you guys are going to start a tank for Parker petition?
Joshua Hsu::kirk hinrich is 1 for his last 22 shots. you can't make that up.
Joshua Hsu::make that 1 for 23.
Andy P Kordyban::The Knicks are the biggest joke in sports.
Jody George Prats::lol   --Heat
Jeff Lennon::... and just when you thought the Knicks were the biggest mess in the NBA, the Bulls show up in the Garden
Ken Ferriello::What ugly basketball
Adam Mitchell::Teague playing in the last possessions of the game? Great tank win!!
Erik Mitchell::He should be in college still or playing overseas.
Andy P Kordyban::I don't watch the Knicks much, but does J.R. Smith always look super fried?
Anthony MrKnicks Greene::Yes. Haha
M Shy Miller::Yes, he's a serious mental case.
Leo Perez::not to worry knicks' fans, you will always have the 3 blow out wins against the Heat last year in the regular season. no one can take that away from you.
Joe Coburn::LOL at that call. MElo completely pushed off. Think how bad he would be if he wasn't given superstar calls his whole life.
Angel Payano::I dont care for this game but I agree. Not only was that a off foul and if they did a no call I would've been ok with that but to call that a defensive foul is disgusting. I was disgusted with that call.
Marcus Grein::Angel Payano What about when melo got hacked under the rim and no call?
Mike Tran::Fire someone, trade someone, bench someone, do something, this is terrible.
Jody George Prats::lol.......do anything!
Matt Washburn::LOL this game is on ESPN? I'd rather watch paint dry lmao
John Lebeck::These refs are totally against the Bulls
Jody George Prats::tissue?
John Lebeck::Jody George Prats the guy on new york hit the ball out! unreal
Jacob Hill::Terrible game made all the more terrible by Knicks completely getting bailed out by refs with Gibson foul on Melo after melo shoved him and not seeing Prigioni's hand knocked it out even after replay. Wanted at least a good ending to the worst game on ESPN this year. Bulls might be playoff team but will lose to Indy/Heat if not a worse team.
Eran Shmuel::Only god and woodson know why the hell jr playing 30min a game while scoring 34.4% from  the field, 63% from FT. And this guy get a offer that Lin didn't....
Andy P Kordyban::these are the kinds of statement games that can lead a team to a championship.
Marcleen Bavogui::u kidding right???
Christopher Rains::Oh also forgot phantom foul called for Melo to make it a 2 possession game for the Knicks.  Hard to win a 8 on 5 game.
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Noah could never be a number one scoring option,he is trash handling the basketball
Raj Patel::all we do is tank tank,  tank and no matter what, jabari on our mind, so we never giving up!!
Raj Patel::seriously should get rid of deng.. we gotta lose alot more
Paul Walker::Loser talk
Raj Patel::Paul Walker i rather lose now than end up in basketball hell... like being good enough to make the playoffs and not enough to win a championship... you pick the poison? i pick lose now... cuz we have no chance in beating the heat or any other teams in the playoffs...   Good Day sir!
Rick New::IF the Knicks blow this game I officially QUIT being a Knicks fan for life.
Darryl Womble::Knicks are playing bad but for you to say that even at this point of the season proves that you were never a true Knicks fan
Ken Ferriello::Darryl Womble The season is 25% over . We are deeper in the season then you realize.
Marlon Dunwell::25% . Not that deep yet. We still got 75%. Um that's 3 more quarters. That's still alot left
Marcus Marcellus::Ok, you k hinrich lovers.....1 for his last 23 shots. And he even isn't smart enough to try to get to the free throw line because he can't. Put up that goose egg against Milwaukee. Oh maybe he's hurt, excuses, excuses. I told you all he isn't durable....Blah blah blah, he's a good back up, he can hold it down, look at what he did against the heat...and the bucks. Waste of money. It's funny though. The bulls are the only team that think a backcourt of 2 white guys is effective..muhahahahaha
Joshua Hsu::the sad part about this hinrich streak is that he's had some solid looks. the last two games, he has not been shooting the ball straight (not sure how this happens to an NBA point guard). just bricks off to the left and right of the basket. something is wrong with his release. hard to watch.
Kyle Grover::the sad part about you is you think that da bulls r purposely using hinrich and Dunleavy as starters hinrich is starting cuz rose is out and Dunleavy is starting cuz deng and butler r out
Jody George Prats::How can Mike Woodson be blamed when hid defensive game plan is holding the Bulls to 35% fg.  Maybe Melo needs to man up and win a game now and then. He's the one getting paid $$$$$$
Mike Bird Munger::LOL@ THE REFS IN THIS GAME.....TOTALLY HELPING THE KNICKS ON PURPOSE!!
Derek Aghion::the refs had blinders on when the bulls had the ball
David Glickfield IV::Why is mike dunleavey putting up 24 shots. Yikes!!!
Will Reacher::at what point will the knix brick this one away ?
Leo Perez::its coming
Trevor Hennington::Leo Perez The only way that happens is if the Bulls figure out how to shoot the ball, and that ain't happening...
