mosesbyu::Jimmer!!!!!!!!!
JoeyDorsey4MVP::Memphis I'm thrilled for you guys! It's great to see your team doing well again and this without your top two PF's unreal...
members_only_jacket::Go Memphis
nba is the worst::From the 3-6 start - to 9-6 and 4th in the conference!  Go Grizz!
Navy Chaps::I'm a BYU fan who is now following SAC because of Jimmer.  I hope he does well because he is a good kid and was SOOOO much fun to watch last year.  However, I'm kind of embarrassed by the Jimmer fans who constantly post comments that make him out to be Sacramento's next Messiah.  I know some of it is just continuing the joking around that we did at BYU, but I don't think a lot of the other fans realize it is just having fun.  It only makes people some people want to see Jimmer fail more to silence his annoying fans.
Navy Chaps::It is nice to see that Jimmer had a good game. It is funny how at the beginning of the season when jimmer was doing well many people were demanding he get more playing time.  Then he went into a slump and all the sudden people were complaining about how bad he was.  The Jimmer haters (the ones who predicted that he would fail in the NBA) were shouting "I told you so!"  It is pretty clear that Jimmer and Isaiah both have shown that they have some great potential.  Anyone who is making decisions now about their future is just foolish, or is blinded by other emotions.
infamous122::this was a grizziles win not a jimmer win, they sucked last night. Don't hate  because i am a jimmer fan, he just needs to go to the magic lakersor dallas.  Griz are the hottest  team in the nba, don't say OKC because lost to wizards and don't say  bulls because we beat them so HA
spencernock11::I tried to read that... but my eyes started bleeding.
Spazplatts::You're not a Jimmer hater, but a punctuation hater. Don't fear the comma.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::While you Jimmer fans watch Jimmers team lose by 33 I get to see Andre Miller ball it up with the Nuggets. Andre Miller&gt;Jimmer. I'm not a Jimmer hater at all. He just isn't as good as Miller.
spencernock11::Jimmer was a one-man team.  He single-highhandedly took his team to a sweet 16.  If he had Davies' rebounding then we might have seen that championship run.
JohnQAdams76::lol, not a Jimmer hater. Of course, why would you hate the guy that has destroyed your college 4 times in the past 2 years, holds the points record in YOUR HOME building, and happens to have played for your rival.   Andre Miller... oh the guy that played for the utes. wow no bias here at all. Jimmer hasn't even finished the season yet, but one thing is for sure, Jimmer was DEFINITELY the better player in college. Consensus POY and voted in the top 25 greatest college players of all time. http://www.grantland.com/story/_/id/7185970/the-50-greatest-college-basketball-players-all-time  Have fun watching the Utes get their $@%!$ kicked the rest of the season $@%!$@% troll
JohnQAdams76::lol great logic.  Luke Walton has won multiple NBA championships, therefore Luke Walton &gt; Lebron James, John Stockton, Karl Malone
nba is the worst::Miller was in the championship game in college - that's certainly better than Jimmer did
JohnQAdams76::Fellow Jimmer fans:  1) stop complaining about Jimmer's lack of playing time in this game, he played as much as any other King 2) This is just one game, he isn't the King's savior  3) The rest of the Kings don't hate him. Look at their reaction after he hits the 3rd three in a row:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Eyoc3hPH00  Having said that, I am really stoked that he finally had a breakout game!!! He played great tonight, and hopefully he can build on this.
Dented_rim::Jimmer is the Mormon Tebow.  Has Sacramento started building that new arena yet? They might as well hold off for 5 years, this team isn't going to draw flies. Arenas for hoops shouldn't get over 17,000 - a third of the seats in a 17,000 seat arena are bad...only the blind could enjoy those last 15 rows...lol.  Over half the NBA teams don't draw more than 17,000 a game - unless 100 great players enter the league next year, that isn't going to change. Didn't the Kings have Spencer Hawes? Who is running this team....an Italian cruise ship captain?
haugee21::4 guys with 20+. That is how basketball should be played. I'd rather watch that than Kobe or Melo any day.
Vanilla_Ice_1::Tyreke Evans is NOT a point guard.  The Kings will continue to lose until they get a true pass first point guard..
Byugeddes::JIMMER!!!!!!!!!!   There is more to come!!!!!!!!!!
aadam524::oh?
rhettfieldsted::More 30 point losses to come because the dude can't play a lick of defense?
aadam524::oh?
JohnQAdams76::your a $@%!$@% moron. Jimmer almost singlehandidly brought them back from a huge defecit to within 9. His man wasn't scoring more than anyone elses, but it's easy for you to make $@%!$@%! claims like that because there are no stats to back it up. $@%!$@% hater
Mikecito::Now that's a stat I would like to see... number of times a player is scored on.
JBurhenn253::I am an IT fan which in the eyes of many would make me opposed to jimmer. That is not the case. He played well tonight but you jimmer fans need to stop with the whole " see what he can do when he gets good mins." thats crap. This isn't the first game that he's played a lot. He beens playin 21-24 mins a game. Can you blame the coaches for not playin a guy who has been struggling from the field?
JohnQAdams76::I am a Jimmer fan and I have to agree with you. Jimmer has had some opportunities and he failed to capitalize on them, which often led to him being taken out. Tonight he capitalized and was rewarded with minutes. I highly doubt that he will repeat this performance in the next game, but this was very important for him to have a break out game like this. Hopefully this will build his confidence and he can have more games like this. It did show his potential, but yeah, it is just one game.
dale wrenn::Just got back from the Forum watching the Grizz destroy the Kings,  After watching the game I came to conclusion that the kings are horrible.  No defense at all.  Donte Green, Cousins, Thompson all dont care about winning terrible team effort.
TyrekeTheKing13::nice game grizz you guys are good but at least jimmer and greene played well
haberguy::yah that takes the sting out of the loss?
CharlesRiver27::At least Kings are seeing what Jimmer can do when they give him TIME to play. Honestly, he scores 20 points and dishes 6 assists in his first game with significant playing time. How can you not give him more time? Why not start Jimmer at point, slide Tyreke to shooting guard, and have Thornton be the 6th man. That makes a lot more sense to me than keeping Jimmer's crazy talent hidden on the bench.
mattbethabe::WHY IS THERE NO JIMMER IN THE HIGHLIGHTS
30foot-JIMMER-::lol its true but jimmer still should have been in there a little lo;l
david.smith811::BECAUSE THE KINGS GOT HUMLIATED
DaleHammers3::wow, glad i wasnt home to watch this slaughter
Edudlufetips::gasol is having a monstrous game, looks like shedding some weight has improved his game
_Jimmer_Time_::I'm out, GG Griz and GL. GN all, Go Kings!
socalagain::GG Griz! Go Kings!
gotigersmemphis87::Haddadi 5 min 2 points 5 reb 1 assist. Player of the game!
gotigersmemphis87::He actually is decent
spencernock11::I don't like the Griz, but Haddadi looked really good.  Except for that first travel lolz
Titans Yemen::He just need more playing time.
gotigersmemphis87::Too bad no 130
Titans Yemen::Against the clipps
petrpann::*sigh*. poor kings. why why why do you beat the spurs last night and then get smashed by the grizz!?!? upset that thorton is still hurting. cousins looked good except on defense. jimmer came to life. and the soap opera continues.
socalagain::Tired, and we were outplayed!
badcooky81::Why is it worse?  They still had to travel.
DaleHammers3::back to back road games are worse than back to back away/home but still, no excuse for what i see here good to see Jimmer finally got him some though
badcooky81::The Grizz we're on the 2nd half of a back-to-back too.  They played in Detroit last night.
BowFlexTCTGP::Easy.. Cuz the spurs suck and Grizz r a contender and r ballin right now
NateByu::jimmer no,s best
spencernock11::Haddadi should declare Jihad on that ref.  Terrible call on that technical.
david.smith811::lulz
royboy1978::So now we're in the lead in the Southwest Division.  GRIT N GRIND GRIZZLIES!!!!!
TheCougar1::At least jimmer got his confidence
Ogwilliams::yes, cuz the kings are usually not good and so far jimmer hasn't been playing well either.
socalagain::Sometimes I feel like Jimmer is a Pandor box. When he does good, Kings do bad, and vice versa. It's just me!
_Jimmer_Time_::GG Grizz fans, GL to your team.
royboy1978::Good effort Kings fans.
Titans Yemen::Kings my second best team they will be alright this year don't worry.
_Jimmer_Time_::GG Grizz, wish my team put up a fight.
Ashotjan::lol it looks like he shoves him out of bounds but he didn't at all
SLIMPSON9::technical?!?
royboy1978::Grizz have a four game road stretch.
_Jimmer_Time_::Nene clutch
BowFlexTCTGP::I can't wait to spank those spurs next wk when they come to town
mtsufan22::Everyone elses uses the injured player excuse..but not the Grizz...we just play harder!!
NoFishNoChips::YEAH IM SURE YOU ARE FEELING SO TOUGH THAT WE ARE WITHOUT ManuVP and our backup pg  REAL TOUGH
Titans Yemen::lol The Grizz with out Z-bo and D. Arther!!
BowFlexTCTGP::Spurs r do for a pay back a.ss beatin just like the bulls
BowFlexTCTGP::We rnt worried about the spurs.. Didn't u watch the playoffs last yr
NeeehNoooh::LMAO WTF HAPPENED TO THE KINGS?  THEY BEAT THE SPURS LAST NIGHT, THEN THEY GET ABSOLUTELY DESTROYED?  I IKNEW THEY WOULD SUCK THE NEXT GAME. AND PROBABLY THE NEXT AND NEXT AND NEXT, ETC ETC ETC
_Jimmer_Time_::at least 1 game, but the grizz are on fire
BowFlexTCTGP::Wuts the season high for total points scored so far??
chadwi12::donte better be glad he's not white or omega would be given him the business
chadwi12::good dee on that one huh omega
_Jimmer_Time_::I'm watching the OT in NYK, big 3
_Jimmer_Time_::worst game this year, which is saying something. They just gave up this half.
JoYoNoMe::who else hear likes this lineup more than the one with ZBo
statebeatsolemiss::This team builds off the adversity. Our identity was the inside game but now we play  great team defense, get a lot of steals/fastbreak points and can actually shoot the ball. We will have a better season this year due to Zach being hurt because we will be a much more well rounded team instead of feeding it down low every possession.
BowFlexTCTGP::What r u talking about?? ZBo makes almost every shot plus we kill inside and in the boards.. ZBo completes this team
JoYoNoMe::zbo jacked up a lot of shots. this team memphis has now knows how to pass to multiple players to make plays and not to just one player
Joebjay20::Not sure if serious, did you really watch this team play last year?
Joebjay20::It's the same insanity last year when people were claiming the team was better without Rudy. It speaks to the coaching staff and the toughness of this team that they can continue to play quality ball in back-to-back seasons after losing their best two players for extended stretches.
BowFlexTCTGP::Hell no.. I'm glad with how the team is ballin without him right now.. But once he gets back HOLY S.HIT R WE GONNA HAVE A CONTENDER!!!!
Heat72682::It's like heat fans saying the team is better without Wade.
chadwi12::cousins straight cherry picking like in boys club days...
_Jimmer_Time_::chad, did you see the Pacer game or Spurs game? Jimmer didn't play a lot but they played like a team. Evans has been trying to set people up more lately.
chadwi12::i acually chimed in and agree'd...  my problem is with smart... nothing good comes form the way he uses fredette....  i watched him do the exact same thing to curry in golden state... i think he's a dumb ace, and walking ruiner (i know its not a word) of promising talent
Heat72682::Evans has really turned it around lately.
Mindy_Smith790929::Sacramento Kings vs. Memphis Grizzlies   these guys claim to know:   http://bit.ly/zq3bap
SLIMPSON9::how many easy lay ups has cousins missed?
Heat72682::How hard would you play down 40?
royboy1978::Hameed scored?????
gotigersmemphis87::Nice jumper
_Jimmer_Time_::So chad, you think Jimmer should have played the whole 2nd half? Would you have complained if he played the whole 3rd and sat to start the 4th?
chadwi12::no with marcus thorton out and him on fire i would have exppected a four min rest at the end of the 3rd start of the fourth... not 3 min into the third, coming directly off his best quater as a professional
Heat72682::This was Jimmer's first decent game this year. I like his flow with Cousins.
Heat72682::I just think they need to drop Thornton now.
_Jimmer_Time_::another vet
_Jimmer_Time_::they need a vet
Heat72682::Cousins, Evans, Jimmer, Thompson, and Salmons (but he needs to be amnestied)
_Jimmer_Time_::trade him
Heat72682::Bad game but Jimmer played well in the first half.
JoYoNoMe::Grizzlies just too dominant.
