htabbach::Question: is Arenas injured? Why has not he been with the team lately?
lrdThunda79::yes, he has a finger injury....minor but present
EpicPicks::Anyone notice that the Celtics decline and Grizzle's ascent coincided with Memphis' acquisition of Allen from Boston&gt;
cincy132002::Celts lost Perkins also.
EpicPicks::Yes, but after they won the Championship in blowout fashion, they opted not to resign Allen for cap reasons... ever since they have struggled with their perimeter defense and finding adequate relief to spell The Truth with failed acquisition after failed acquisition...   Let us not forget the reason they opted to trade Perk to OKC was to address a still glaring need at backup SF, which was an EPIC FAIL.  Domino effect.
mcgrundie::it's easy to talk $@%! after you won. that game came down to a couple of missed free throws. pretty sad that you're all on high horses after barely sneaking by in a game against a team rebuilding, when this is probably your last legit chance at any sort of playoff run--which wont last long at all. talk is cheap wait til next year.
mcgrundie::that's all great i'll be laughing when you lose in the first round
lrdThunda79::you must be a disgruntle cavs fan mcgruntle. the truth is we we will talk highly of our GRIZZ like all fans tend to do. we like the pedestal and the high horse and we'll keep looking down from 4 or 5 in the west for this year and see your team in the playoffs whenever they make it. because we always come back....did YOU see TA with the globtrotter move after the steal!? he could do that to you...LOL!!!
cincy132002::Well their starting lineup bsically sat out the entire 2nd quarter and most of the 4th. Allen didnt come into the game till less than 2 min left in the game.
shaqatastic::I just took a Cleveland in the men's room and I feel better now.
pistonfanstill::WOW!  Great finish by the Grizzlies.  Ignore Memphis at your peril
AKSOX80::the cavaliers will never make an appearance in the nba finals ever again. lebron put this team on the map, or did.
pistonfanstill::Cleveland's first good team coached by Lenny Wilkens  1993-94 NBA 47 - 35 .573 3  1992-93 NBA 54 - 28 .659 2   1991-92 NBA 57 - 25 .695 2   1990-91 NBA 33 - 49 .402 6  1989-90 NBA 42 - 40 .512 4  1988-89 NBA 57 - 25 .695 2   1987-88 NBA 42 - 40 .512
pistonfanstill::The Cavaliers were the Eastern victims of Michael Jordan.  They were the solid 2nd best team in the East after Jordan's Bulls.
pistonfanstill::The Cavaliers had good teams before James was born like the Brad Daugherty Ron Harper era.  They won 50 games a season just never advanced to the Finals.  The point they were on the map before Lebron  -
Le-Daj::Check out this awesome authentic signed dwight howard ball for a great price http://www.ebay.com.au/itm/261009341469?ssPageName=STRK:MESELX:IT&amp;_trksid=p3984.m1586.l2649
charlesshumway1962::I’ve been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for  anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and is tired of not winning your bets like I once was
IAmAMatrix::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKLAzyWiC4
Giggity.iggity::Kyrie Irving - 29 minutes  ...and that's the game!  GG.
ejhova217::LOL yep. But hey this is a stacked  draft and they really need only one more big time player. They are gonna be an 8/7th seed if Philadelphia doesnt make a move next year. Irving is a superstar in the making. They get maybe kidd gilchrist or Beal at the 2nd/3rd spot they got a crazy talented back court.
dougwinner::your right, Irving is going to be a top 5 PG. If they can get Beal, they have a potential top 5 SG(maybe the league's weakest position right now other than Center).
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::Tony Allen should be considered for DPOY. Forget Chandler. Allen is amazing.
lrdThunda79::did you see the Globetrotter move after the steal?! i fell out of my chair and wasn't sitting down.....INSANE ta...
Mr Calogero::West predictions, tell me what you guys think: Spurs 4   Jazz 0 OKC 4    Mavs 2 Lakers 4   Nuggets 2 Clippers 3   Grizzlies 4  Spurs 3 Grizzlies 4 OKC 4  Lakers 2  OKC 4   Grizzlies 2
ejhova217::I could see OKC losing to LAL since they dont have enough firepower. You stop one of Durant, Westbrook, and Harden and then the other two have to put up 40+ just to put up 100. With Harden's injury it could be a first round exit as well which would be really unfortunate. Then itd be Spurs Grizzlies and Mavs Lakers. Id say Mavs beat the Lakers because West provides more depth for Dallas. Then I say Grizzlies could beat Spurs due to fatigue. So its Mavs Grizzlies. Id say Grizzlies take it again because of fatigue. A young team is gonna have an advantage down the stretch. Unfortunately I think that Harden injury really hurts OKC. Sorry for long post.
cincy132002::Mavs lose in the 1st round this year.
tennesseejam80::Lakers gonna have a tough enough time with the Nuggets... OKC will beat them in 5 games
Cleveland_SportsDVR::h
KingGeorge53::Grizz trying to get the 4th seed in the west.    Cavs trying to get the 4th seed in the race to the most ping pong balls.  Good luck Grizz and Cavs.
Mr Calogero::WHERES THE BOARD GONE?
screwhead2305::can Cavs compete for a playoff spot next season?  what position needs to be upgraded the most?
KingGeorge53::Cavs need a SG, SF and a C.      I feel you could flip a coin with the SG and SF as being the most needed, but a true C would be  huge benefit as well.  Beal/Ezeli
Gagebrewer::I like Gee as SF but definately SG, and C.
dougwinner::+1
knight_rider_2002::I haven't watched them much at all but judging by this game I would say you need some inside help
screwhead2305::i say Shooting Guard
knight_rider_2002::Memphis is a force to be rekon with
candycandyYOU::RON artest SHOULD elbow BLAKE GRIFFIN the flopper~!!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MxlSgPmpefg
lrdThunda79::YES!!!!!! thats all i got besides he's one dimensional..
Dominic10002::Good job Grizz!!!
abh2opolo16::hey ESPN! According to Tie-breakers the Clippers are safe from Memphis. and are dialed into the four spot. The Lakers won 2 of 3 against the Clips and the clips did the same to Memphis, so fix the headline please.
jcw726::lol white people.
thf24::Tie-breakers only matter if the teams in question are TIED at the end of the season, hence the word. If the scenario Apollo described plays out, tie-breakers don't matter.
ApolloBravo::You're stupid. Do the math yourself. Of the Clips lose their last two games and the Grizz win their final game Memphis has the fourth seed.
IAmAMatrix::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKLAzyWiC4
knight_rider_2002::go Bluff City Bears!
TYLILMAX::11-14-24-56-9 oops !! wrong lottery
CHWhiteSox85::Why didn't you guys resign Lebron?
tennesseejam80::Lebron and Kyrie would be a nice duo... They would only be a decent big man away from being a top 3 team at that point... I wouldnt mind seeing Lebron return to CLE when his contract is up... Im not a MIA or CLE fan.... I thought he should have chosen then Bulls, but i respect his decision... Cant expect him to stay in CLE when your owner is doing NOTHING to help build the team
dougwinner::Owner was doing everything LBJ asked him to do......
KingGeorge53::LeBron can't close like Kyrie.    Good decision.
dougwinner::that makes a lot of sense...................
poodagg::it will be a good decision when kyrie leaves in a few years!
poodagg::one reason and one reason only:  dan gilbert!
quickbr0wnf0x::Ignorant comment.
jayshah96::Make a field goal? I thought you said NO SUPERBOWL -Billy Cundiff
Jawzdasigrho::memphis is gonna be a scary team n the playoffs
RiotVAN2012::I'm going to the CHI-PHX game talk board. See you guys!
RiotVAN2012::The Patriots belong in the American Revolution. - Tim Tebow
RiotVAN2012::What is a 49er? - New York Giants
Wie Wie Wie Wie::Good job, cleveland. You need to keep tanking!
poodagg::why?  look at dan gilbert's draft history!
dougwinner::because they are. What did LBJ ever do that made it seem like he could win one in Cleveland? Grant picked Irving, and I'm confident whoever else he picks this year will end up as a fantastic player as well. This is how you build a team in a small market(mostly through the draft), look at what OKC did.
SConnell76::dude...I think your high. You seem to think the cavs are awesome. and for some reason you said they were better off without lebron?! WTF?
KingGeorge53::Seeing as though Gilbert doesn't draft anyone...  Grant has done a fantastic job so far.   Learn the game before posting.
emthomasjr::Stat comparison of the game: Cleveland - 8 steals, Tony Allen - 8 steals
OFrog::Please tell me how many Cav like teams they will face in the post season to make that relevant.
ApolloBravo::So it doesn't count?
RiotVAN2012::How to win easy cash: Bet on the team playing Charlotte for the next 3 years and you should get 5,000,000. :D
wkdavis85::Terrible odds that way. You would basically just win your money back.
RiotVAN2012::A Bobcat is a Machine, Not a sports Team.
OFrog::They are not an NBA team, that is a fact. But damn are they easy money to bet against.
tennesseejam80::Who is gonna bet on the BOBCATS?  I wanna know who u gonna be betting against.... You should be ashamed if you take advantage of anyone willing to bet for the BOBCATS... This person obviously wouldnt be in their right mind.
melolo12::hopefully clippers lose tomorrow against ATL so Memphis could have home court.
Tontos Redemption::they would need to lose their last 2---Clippers own the tiebreak
melolo12::those guys cant control themselves.
melolo12::yeah thats true, oh well i dont want he clippers to win regardless. and i want to see a knicks/heat series just like grizz/clippers series. that would be exciting to me.
Tontos Redemption::OKC pretty much assured that 3 seed for the Lakers with collapsing Sunday. Had OKC won, the Clippers controlled their own destiny for the 3 seed.  Big game--changed the whole complexion of the playoff match ups
OFrog::I don't trust theLakers, Bynum just goes through motions, Kobe hogs the balls, Metta World Cheap Shot suspended.
melolo12::that would be a great series. i hope not because lakers definitely dont want to play the grizz and risk facing the spurs in secound round.
Tontos Redemption::I hear ya.....I like the Grizz vs Clippers regardless of home court.  The Lakers surely wont lose to Sacramento will they??
melolo12::yeah im just hoping the grizzlies win out and clippers lose because i cant stand them.
Tontos Redemption::yep---but like I said Charlotte @ Orlando......could happen, but if they dont want the Heat, the better odds would be losing both :)
melolo12::sorry i didnt see that post, just basically repeated what you said.
melolo12::no if they win out and orlando loses they can play the pacers, if they lose rest of games they play the bulls/miami. so i can see them (knicks) trying to win out especially with amare back for chemistry.
Tontos Redemption::they COULD get the 6 seed if Orlando drops both games....but one is against Charlotte on Wednesday.......
Tontos Redemption::the 7 seed plays the Heat...they need to lose out and have Philly win to get the 8 seed to avoid Miami
melolo12::Knicks need to win out to avoid the heat so it can be done.
Tontos Redemption::yep--Atlanta is locked into the 5 seed but can get homecourt....Knicks? Its hard to say....could be locked up by that time
melolo12::well they could lose both to ATL and NY since those teams still want to have better seeding in the playoffs.
RiotVAN2012::It not easy being peeled off all your skin. - Dallas Cowboys
springfresh33::LOL
RiotVAN2012::The Frightening Birds of the NFL:  Eagles Ravens Falcons Cardinals Seahawks
surfacetogokumissile::I'll tell you when falcons aren't frightening: January
OFrog::Do you have a blue placard with a white wheelchair in it hanging from your rearview mirror?
RiotVAN2012::Why would we be afraid of steel? - Baltimore
RiotVAN2012::NY Rangers &gt; Dallas Rangers
springfresh33::Bet the dogs since last week = cha-ching
KingMe52::I think this game was good for both teams. The Cavs got to see a young, blossoming playoff team they are striving to be and in the process got one step closer to a good pick. The Grizz got to put the finishing touches on their playoff rotation and got to practice defending against CP3 2.0.
ricky2213::Who is this CP3 2.0 u are referring to
RiotVAN2012::Who wants to pack on team names with me?
RiotVAN2012::I like to call my gf an Anaheim Angel. LOL
ammnfb::Do you put your $@%!$ in her Pujols?
RiotVAN2012::I can't hit a HR! - Pujols
PASS__THA__SWISHA::Memphis 2nd-half moneyline = winner
phunky58::give selby that backup pg job already
RiotVAN2012::What's more frightening? An Oriole or a Cub?
jfuriate::A Hornet.
T.O.G.M.S.17::i love me some ping pong balls
yata9arasu::Tristan Thompson:  FT% at All start break=.438.  After All start break=.626.  Yeah, he only slightly improved.
Legit_Troller::Hey if he gets it to 72 % that's all I will want. He will be cool
jfuriate::Trade bait!
Legit_Troller::OF course next year he is only a rookie.
OFrog::Have had a much better year than last year and a couple of very nice building blocks, cap room and draft coming up. Better team than Bobcats.
jfuriate::Always next year with you people.
OFrog::Building block, with Irving.
TYLILMAX::Tyson chandler&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;The heat
Madhouse_United::The Grizzlies are not a team anyone wants to face in the playoffs. I respect them. I'm a Bulls fan, and the two games  we faced each other were good. We owned in Chicago and you guys owned in Memphis. Who Knows? Maybe we face each other in the Finals. It's wishful thinking for now, but we'll see. GL in the playoffs.
OFrog::Grizz are not Finals bound. Not close.
ApolloBravo::Just like last year.
OFrog::Spurs look to have a very easy path to Finals and are deep, rested and playing best ball in NBA.
OFrog::I had the Mavs at 22-1.
born0516::who is?
Madhouse_United::Note how I said maybe. Plus nothing is set in stone, Not many people picked the Mavericks to win it all last year.
RiotVAN2012::A Grizzly Bear &gt; A Baby Bear/Cub
jayshah96::Knicks are championship bound from the East!
RiotVAN2012::In Other Words, Grizzlies &gt; Cubs
OFrog::Oh.
RiotVAN2012::I'm making fun of team names.
OFrog::Was lost without that explanation. But then, I wondered what's the point now that I know?
