Joe::How about the rockets shore up the glaring weakness at the forward positions, until then, houston can forget about a deep playoff run.
CTL::1. The ball possession time of Harden and A. Brooks killed the speed and space of ball movements and rotation. Because of this, the Hawks were able to organize a strong defense-block against the iso-player leading to low scores except some 3pts.. 2 . Brewer was again the hole of the system. He attributed the killing of rotation.
TEX::Whole team played terrible tonight, just look at the scored 80. On a good night Houston can scored 40 in the 1st quarter.
charles::Rockets need a Good Forward, this what happen if Parson is out, some guys cannot deliver...and brewer play 25 minutes with an egg.
D. Darqwon::On it's face this looks like it should be a relatively easy win for the Rockets.  However two things could complicate that: 1) Atlanta is playing at home and will be playing with confidence coming off a big win over Indy. I expect them to come out aggressive early with Milsap and Teague setting the pace. 2) The Rockets have shown a penchant for starting game slow and with little energy lately. This tends to give opponents confidence in games you would think the Rockets would win easily. Hopefully that pattern ends tonight.  Still no Pat Beverley and likely no Chandler Parsons tonight, but James Harden has been an absolute monster in recent games. I expect big games again from him and Dwight Howard.  It will be interesting to see who gets the start tonight if Chandler can't play and get the honor of chasing Kyle Korver around all night.  This is the start of a very winnable four game road trip for the Rockets. It would be nice to start it off with a easy win and maybe get some time for guys like Isaiah Canaan.  Go Rox!!!
laker fan 1989::This is pretty embarrassing Houston was up like 15 to 0 and lost. Harden must be hogging Dwight only 11 attempts and Lin only 1 assist.
Scott::To bad Houston, and you were so close.  If Patrick Beverly were around to give a cheap shot to some of the other teams stars.
dot::Wow I just got online and read all the comments from Niqer. This dude has serious issues.
Jonathan::Have a good night all the Lin haters, reading your idiotic comments have made me tired. Go Rockets!
D. Darqwon::0 points from both forwards. Only 6 shots for Dwight Howard. Poor offensive execution and worse ball movement.  An extremely ugly 1st half for the Rockets.  They have to do better.
