fuzzjar::anyone else ready for Watson to replace Harris as the starter?
rbmw263::If the jazz want to win a ship in the next 7 years they should really STOP winning games.   and give Favors/Kanter 30 mins a night
2noodlekaboodle::@Tsmith Totally agree. Also, why would you want to breed a culture that losing is acceptable for your team? I would so much rather see effort and heart, even if it doesn't lead to wins, over just handing the team over to a couple of guys who aren't allowed in a bar and watch them lose a s$$$ load of games.
tsmith1922::You don't just GIVE young players minutes because you think they have potential, that is whats wrong with most of the youth in the league today!  Why would they work hard to get better if they know they are guaranteed 30 mins a night?  Favors, Kanter, Burks, Hayward etc. all will be better players in the long run for having had to earn their way on to the court...I have a lot of respect for the way Ty is handling this extremely difficult and delicate process so far.  Who knows if he is the guy that leads the Jazz into the future, but either way I like the groundwork he is laying.  Every win is a good win for the Jazz this year, and I dont care who's not playing for the other team...Be thankful that we as Jazz fans at least have something positive to look towards, if the talent develops the way I think it can and will the Jazz with maybe one more high draft pick or a decent FA signing are not too far off here in the next few years.  At least we dont have a dumpster fire going on down at ESA like they do in SacTown, or how would you like to be a Toronto fan?  Seriously Jazz fans, get behind our guys, its gonna be a process, but the Jazz dont tank games or seasons, its not the Jazz way, its not the Utah way, Its Not Happening!!  WAR JAZZ, CHAMPS IN 2015!!
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::You are an idiot
77RiostevenbergTrust::JIM4565, from sports betting solution. I won $3,877 in last 3 month with them.
utah_utes417::The Defense corbin has put in is paying dividends.  the jazz are looking good defensively, we just need to hit our shots on the offensive end more..  I think al needs to play a little less selfish and kick the ball out when he is clearly double teamed... harris is sitting beyond the arc wide open for a three every time.
therush_87::YEAH!!!  ABOVE .500!!!  This probably won't last very long but for the meantime... YEAH!!!
sjmcb160::Give Tony Allen an Oscar. He deserves it.
fuzzjar::Hah!  That was so awesome how he decided to fall to the floor AFTER he noticed that the ref was calling a charge.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Gordon Hayward must have a really pointy elbow or something....that was soooo dumb!!! What a faker! Go JAZZ! That dunk was sooo sick by the white man Hayward! And the early oop to Favors was sweet! It makes me miss Evans....doesn't look like he will get much playing time.  poor guy!
denverFTWMELOsux::my team is huge
xcougar5x::Favors needs more minutes!
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Needs to continue to earn them. He isn't a very strong offensive player. yet. HArdly has any low post moves.. I LOVE THE KID and he has the ability to do great things in the league but he needs to earn his minutes. Shouldn't just be given to him. If he wants it bad enough he will do what he needs to be on the floor more.
Wombat1247::Agreed
kosherkid-ute::Well, good to know that the Jazz can handle the Bucks without Bogut and the Grizz without Z-bo. These aren't great wins but in this shortened season every win you can get is nice. That Josh Howard signing looks like its already paying dividends. Btw why is the corpse of Raja Bell still allowed to play basketball? He hasn't made a jumper since 2009.
fuzzjar::Letting Matthews go wasn't a mistake, it was a matter of financial necessity.  The mistake was overpaying guys like AK and Memo.  Bell is not awesome.  He has his uses and makes an occasional play or two...but IMO that is not enough to be a starter.  Not sure what the alternatives are though.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::^you are really dumb. Kevin OC is an incredible GM!!! Matthews was a mistake to let go I agree but look at all the other moves he has made...pretty awesome job if you ask me.
TRSling::Bell is awesome! I'd much rather have him than that Mathews guy. KOC 2010. Why they both still have a job with the Jazz? Mathews will be a starter in this league for a long time to come.  "Well, good to know that the Jazz can handle the Bucks without Bogut and the Grizz without Z-bo." -- My brother and I were just saying the same thing on the phone.
tbest23::Grizz miss the fatman down low...
KingGeorge53::When is Gasol's contract up?
StockonToMalone::Whats the difference between Raja bell and a sack of shiit?  the sack
Wombat1247::Toronto is after a point guard = Harris and then they can take Bell as a vetern pressence in the change room what could the Raptors offer us for them!
Trevor Wheelwright::Harris said he "lost his passion for the game" after losing so many games in NJ.  Sounds like a $@%!$ to me.. start Watson and back him up with Tinsley
Wombat1247::I like the pass first point from North Carolina Kendall Marshall in the coming draft
Utah_Dirtbiker::We need a new point guard, but we don't want to go out and just get anybody. We can wait and get one after this year in the draft or through a trade.
Wombat1247::Start - Watson, Hayward, Howard, Favors  &amp; Al - Milsap will get his mins and so should Burks &amp; Kanter
JohnnyBlazzed::Trade him for Calderon.  Calderon may not appear to be as quick as Harris, but he knows how to run a team and has court vision.
Wombat1247::Well if they don't trade him - bench him- it might wake him up - Watson &amp; Tinsley can't wait to be on the court &amp; help the team
NiteOwlMom::Why do we want to trade Harris? He's only been with the team less than a year. Give him a break. Jazz are winning currently with point guard by committee and we really don't even know how good they could be. I HIGHLY doubt the Jazz trade Harris, and they will NOT trade Bell. You just don't want to have a bunch of random impatient moves. They traded for Harris just last year. Let this season play out at LEAST.
SWWeatherGuy::You did notice the players who were on the floor creating the energy and starting the runs, right?
rbmw263::the jazz desperately need a facilitator at the point. something Harris has and never will be.   Solid player, but just not the kind we need
NiteOwlMom::He had 3 asts tonight, and scored in double figures while helping the Jazz hold on for the win. His defense was awesome down the stretch and he had a key steal and clutch FTs to seal the win. Granted, he hasn't hit his game stride yet, obviously, but it's still very early in the season. He is one of our only long-range scoring threats so I think he's important to the team and I hope he can get into a good groove this month. I'm hopeful he can still work out because on a team this young continuity is important. I think that's why Corbin isn't making major changes with the starting rotation much. He's letting players earn their minutes, but at the same time giving them much-needed constistency in the team's structure.
SWWeatherGuy::Harris doesn't act like he cares and night after night of 0 assists is tough.  This team needs a floor leader.
Jazzfan876::I don't know a single player on Toronto's team, and I follow the NBA closely.  I guess they could trade a draft pick though.
rhettfieldsted::obviously you don't really follow the NBA that close...
adam_keefe_fan::Excellent close out to the third, great ending, wonderful energy, plenty of fire in the belly. As I continue to eat crow, I have to say I am actually really starting to like what I'm seeing from these guys...  ...now they just need to take this energy on the road.
Wombat1247::Notice the five that were on the court - Watson, Burks, Howard, Favors &amp; Kanter = nice mix of youth &amp; experience .  Trade Harris &amp; Bell now!
adam_keefe_fan::I'm really liking how Watson plays. I was worried when he first came to the team, but he always seems cool on the court. Excellent decision making. Burks is just a stud, regardless of what he does. Howard is a great fit, I think, and has all the veteranyness of Bell with scoring potential. Favors is a freaking beast, and will be huge in his career. Kanter, in my opinion, will be awesome.  Harris doesn't seem to care, Bell needs to transfer into coaching or concessions or something.
Jazzfan876::Ideally, they win about half of their home games, lose a lot of road games, and get a top 5 pick in the draft.  Otherwise, I don't think they will have enough talent in 2-3 years to win a championship.  We don't want them to peak in the 2nd or 3rd round of the playoffs...
TAC0REV::I agree with Jazzfan, not that I want them to <i>try</i> to lose or even that I <i>want</i> them to lose... but in the long term, they're better off if they can add another scorer &amp; PG in this coming draft, which is going to be a very good draft. Potentially they could get a guy like Harrison Barnes and a PG like Kabongo, and they would hands down be legit title contenders in 2 or 3 years. With two possible lottery picks again next year (their own and Golden State's), this scenario is very realistic
NiteOwlMom::I'm glad you're not actually on the team. The players seem like they are trying to win. Anyone who hopes for losses is just not Jazz worthy in my book. Stockton and Malone never tanked seasons.  And after they were gone it only took a few years to reload. Reloading the Jazz way is not through completely ALIENATING your fan base by SUCKING for 10 years.
NiteOwlMom::I like the fact they are winning "ugly" because they're not just depending on hitting jump shots. They, in fact, aren't hitting many jump shots. It's all close to the rim, and good defense. Very encouraging if they can keep this up. And if they ever find their shooting touch ... look out!
SWWeatherGuy::Don't get too excited.  I agree they are looking considerably better than 8 games ago, however, they are winning home games against average teams (at best) who are missing key players.  If this next roadie is another 20 point blowout then maybe things aren't really progressing all that well.
Benjamayne::griz were doing great in this game till about 3:00 left in the third
NiteOwlMom::That was when Devin Harris and Raja Bell left the game ... Coincidence???
didyougetthememookur::Just when the Jazz couldn't get any dumber, they go and do something like this... and totally redeem themselves!"
Jazzfan876::Lol the Jazz acted like they just won the championship with all that confetti.
nastorga801::Jazz have won 4 championships this season so far!
adam_keefe_fan::JAZZ WON THE CHAMPIONSHIP! WOOO!
mikeisildur::They do that every game...
Jazzfan876::I know.  But someone needed to say that.
holmes1018::The Grizzlies are so much better than this.   Embarrassing.
StockonToMalone::Haha they suck in salt lake city.
kam_moto::EZ thanks for the win Memphis
rhettfieldsted::I think it was rather easy..once corbin put the subs in it was all over.
Griss13ears::Don't think anyone on this board thinks that was an easy win but you. Good luck on your next road game.
mikeisildur::Well, they can win in Salt Lake City at least.  Can we pick up a road W tomorrow?
Jazzfan876::Jazz lose by double digits.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::are you a jazz fan? cuz you sound like an idiot
scow79::I think they said Curry was out so we definately have a shot
Griss13ears::Pathetic showing grizz. The bench was pathetic. We look lost on our offensive sets. If we can't score 25 in transition then it's like we have no chance. Our new pickups are busts....especially Dante Cunningham. The guy is an offensive liability. Get him off the court.  The way we look from the last few games I'll be ecstatic if we sneak into the 8 spot. On a side note, thank you TA for showing up and bringing that intensity. The man is playing out of his mind. SIIGGHHHH
Griss13ears::Conley is shooting terribly. And OJ....I don't know. His shot looked great the other night. We needed it in the clutch.
Benjamayne::i blame oj mayo and mike conley for not being able to hit shots
holmes1018::no one on the team can shoot the three.  They should have picked up a sharp shooter in the off season.
PTSup20::The jazz will be set at every position once they draft their point guard (Damian Lillard) next year...
Trevor Wheelwright::When you watch Lillard play, it doesn't even seem like he shoots that much but all of the sudden he has 28 points. I hope he commits to the draft this year, I love Weber State but no use in staying around and possibly hurting your draft value.
SWWeatherGuy::Exactly, he is a very efficient scorer and nothing like a Iverson/Kobe type shooter.  However, his draft value will rise if he stays his senior year.  That combined with a potentially weaker draft the following year could bode well for him (and Weber (-;)
rhettfieldsted::Lillard would be a GREAT choice for the jazz....in the 2nd round.
SWWeatherGuy::The biggest problem thinking about that possibility is that he will be an even better pick after his senior (next) year.
SWWeatherGuy::Lillard would be a great pickup unless your greatest need is assists.  The Jazz also need a 3PT shooter that he would fill that need.  Lillard is a smart and efficient player.  He's got great (deceptive) speed, plays decent D (and takes pride in defensive challenges), and is one of the nation's better FT shooters.  If he were a good pick would really depend on where the pick ends up being.
SWWeatherGuy::I don't necessarily disagree with most of what you're saying but Lillard is not a score first PG.  You can't look at the stats and just assume that, you've got to watch him play.  He only looks to score when that is what's needed from him.  Unfortunately, the rest of Weber's player's need that often from him.
serebro.su::Jazz need a floor general like Stockton was. Lillard lacks court vision and can't run an offense. When was the last time a team won a championship with a score first PG? Jazz have plenty of talent that can score the ball at will. Now they just need a true PG to put the ball in their hands when they have open looks. Lillard doesn't offer that. He'll be great for some NBA team, but he (like Harris) doesn't fit in the Jazz's offense.
serebro.su::In a season and a half, Kendall Marshall has almost as many career assists as Lillard's 4 year span.
PTSup20::Believe it or not Lillard is just as good of a passer as a scorer but his role currently is to score first...
serebro.su::Ah that comment was for PTSup. Your comment just popped up faster than mine ;)
SWWeatherGuy::He rebounds well and has much more of a natural ability than for assists.  It's not that he won't try to create, he just isn't the most talented passer.
serebro.su::I'll believe it when I see it. 3.3 career avg assists tells me you're wrong.
SWWeatherGuy::Not true.  I'm the biggest Weber fan there is.  Lillard does not have a score-first attitude and will do whatever the team needs him to do but he is not a great passer.
SWWeatherGuy::Yes!  Go Weber!  Lillard might not create (assists) any better than Harris, though.
serebro.su::Lillard isn't their PG of the future. Look at Kendall Marshall or Scott Machado. Jazz need a true pass first PG to run their offense.
holmes1018::Grizz really missing ZBo - as a Memphis fan its going to be hard to watch the next 6 weeks
holmes1018::And they can't hit the three.  I think tonight's 4 matches a season high.  Embarrassing.
utclindsay::They won 2 without him. I think it will be harder without ZBO, but I think the grizz can do it
holmes1018::As long as they don't have 20+ turnovers every game.  They are playing some sloppy basketball.
Matthew85633::Grizz really missing ZBo - as a Memphis fan its going to be hard to watch the next 6 weeks 5 Minutes Ago  Like  Reply  Flag  Jazzfan876 More like 8 weeks, and that's the entire season. 5 Minutes Ago  Like  Reply  Flag  utclindsay I don't believe 8 weeks is the rest of the season. That is until march 1 Minute Ago  Like  Reply  Flag  holmes1018 its enough to mean the difference between playoff bound or lottery pick 41 Seconds Ago  Like  Reply  Flag
holmes1018::its enough to mean the difference between playoff bound or lottery pick
utclindsay::they won't be lottery
Jazzfan876::More like 8 weeks, and that's the entire season.
utclindsay::I don't believe 8 weeks is the rest of the season. That is until march
NiteOwlMom::Gasol don't bother bringing to the house ... the Jazz will swat it BACK at you :)
Griss13ears::I get it. It was just cracking me up. You guys definitely played a good game. That's coming from a sad Grizz fan.
nastorga801::If Memphis can keep up with a pace of 10 per game, then they'll lead the league. They were saying that stuff because Utah is #1 in the NBA in blocks right now. We're Utah Jazz fans... We aren't used to this many blocks since Mark Eaton was around 20 years ago haha.
Griss13ears::I love your announcers. What were they saying? "Welcome to swat town"...or something stupid like that. They each finished with 10 blocks, which is the most Memphis had all year. Gasol had 6. Welcome to block town, mayor = Gasol.
NiteOwlMom::Oh sweet Big Al!!!
serebro.su::Jazz need to take this honey badger attitude on the road now
serebro.su::honey badger don't give a $@%!
mikeisildur::Can  you find some more masculine way to describe it?
Jazzfan876::Honey badgers don't care...
NiteOwlMom::Jazz need to stay aggressive.
NiteOwlMom::I like Hayward at the SG and Howard at the 3.
NiteOwlMom::At the 2, Hayward can be more aggressive.
NiteOwlMom::Well, apparently he likes it 'cause that's what we've got right now. :)
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Howard is incredibly good at getting to the free throw line! Love it!
NiteOwlMom::Howard knows how to post up, he can shoot, pass, drive, and brings that veteran presence.
fanofsports24::I think Howard is a good fit for this team
fanofsports24::haha agreed
scow79::I think everybody does except Corbin
serebro.su::Hayward's aggressiveness makes me wet.
fanofsports24::Gasol will now be on a poster
NiteOwlMom::Hayward throws it DOWN!
Jazzfan876::The Jazz are blowing another game (by winning).
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::...dumb. You obviously aren't a Jazz fan
scow79::Hayward Smash!!!
NiteOwlMom::So Harris enters the game, and right on cue the Jazz start losing the lead.
Billontario33.19::jazz are the worst team in the NBA FACT!!!!
chrisgarp::You are a $@%!$@.
Jhe1125::aww im sorry
chrisgarp::Nice try. They are not the worst team. They are a young team on the rise.
Jhe1125::but stil terrible
mikeisildur::Someone forgot to tell the Sixers, Hornets, Bucks, and Grizz then...
Jhe1125::all four of those were infinitely better than the jazz last year.  all but the hornets will be better than the jazz this year
SWWeatherGuy::Extra exclamation points don't add credibility to dumb statements.  Fact!
fanofsports24::So that makes memphis?????
fanofsports24::NO not harris!!!!
fanofsports24::i bet you could unload those three to a team like the mavs who need something they can dump later
chrisgarp::Harris sucks. The Jazz need to get rid of Harris and Bell.
serebro.su::Don't forget CJ Mason Miles
chrisgarp::The Jazz sooooooooo need a point guard!
serebro.su::Sloan would be proud. This is the kind of defense he was always trying to get his guys to play.
chrisgarp::It's great when it's on, but it hasn't been that consistent as of yet. There are times when the Interior D is nonexistant.
chrisgarp::I love the Jazz D. Kanter is going to be HUGE!
scow79::Burks is what the Jazz have been hoping CJ Miles would turn into for the last 6 years
fanofsports24::agreed
mikeisildur::Did Tony Allen get called up from some soccer league?
serebro.su::And the Oscar goes to...
scow79::Does anyone miss CJ Miles?
donlarson8::My starting line-up: Watson, Burks, Howard, Millsap, Jefferson.
ericiancam::I'd rather have Millsap than Big Al, honestly.  There have been too many triple-teams down low in which Big Al didn't pass.  He has the capabilities to become a black hole.  He does lead the league in pump fakes, however.
serebro.su::Favors over Millsap. Milly is a solid 6th man.
scow79::Yeah me neither
serebro.su::Not him or Bell or Harris
donlarson8::not really
Little dragon76::Wow Memphis losing to the sorry $@% Jazz wtf!
fanofsports24::jazz and grizzlies have same record man
NiteOwlMom::I think Burks has to be our starting SG ... there's just no reason to start Bell if Burks keeps playing this great. And, I might even try him out at the PG, and see if he can distribute. He is actually creating plays by driving to the basket.
NiteOwlMom::Milsap!!!!!
serebro.su::Refs missed another one. What gives? Where are their eyes? Are the Nu Skin dancers topless under the basket?
SWWeatherGuy::In a perfect World.
NiteOwlMom::Hayward coast-to-coast!!!
moneyman26269::please memphis got memphis in a parlay 354 for 2038 plzzz memphis..I NEED IT!!!
moneyman26269::$@%!
AceKen01::great....you jinxed them.  never beg.
NiteOwlMom::Happy Birthday Frank Layden!
kam_moto::longstreth_30 obviously you have internet.... obviously you are on espn... get the score yourself, and stop asking every 5 min..
