tedcgegi::Team effort/ Balanced attack-------Coach Collins has got my Sixers playing like a fine tuned machine. The days of Iverson-gimme-the-ball are gone at last. Go Sixers!!
phillydakidder::Iguodola Choked and Missed a Free Throw to win the game with 3 seconds left against Denver. Andre Shoots 45% in Free Throws in 4th qtr
coyin83::Collins has done a great job with the Sixers. They are looking good. Can't wait for them to play the Bulls.
KarlSmithYankeeFans1971::Congrats James ! I bet Bucks +5.5 and won $200. It's good time to bet against them. Any tips today ?  == Will, Bucks +5.5 is today's sure fire picks from Sports Betting Solution. Hope to win as I put $3K on this. This is all my profit from Dec.  Another bet for today night is Memphis. Detroit is one of the weakest team in wjole league. Three players of Detroit is deffinetly out from a game versus Grizzles. Charlie Villanueva is in long time injury, but now we don't see Bynum and Stuckey. in this case Detroit have no chance for win today. Memphis isn;t a team from the top of the table, so Grizzles must win this type of games. I think there will be more then 4 points. - James7678Sam
KarlSmithYankeeFans1971::tinyurl.com/6pjr72u
KarlSmithYankeeFans1971::Go http://tinyurl.com/6pjr72u
KarlSmithYankeeFans1971::tinyurl.com/6pjr72u
KarlSmithYankeeFans1971::http://tinyurl.com/6pjr72u
KarlSmithYankeeFans1971::http://tinyurl.com/6pjr72u is the website I got my sure fire pick today ie. Bucks +5.5
KarlSmithYankeeFans1971::http://tinyurl.com/VegasInsiders
milw-jay::Philly  v  OKC  in the NBA  finals?
ganggreengaingreen_oww::domination
Blazelover13::Beautiful. Let's recount the Sixers' four losses, shall we? A four-point loss to a good Blazers team on the road. A three-point loss to a good Jazz team on the road, where the Sixers are dreadful against Utah, and they STILL could've tied it at the buzzer. A bogus six-point loss to a pathetic Knicks team that had the referees on their side and the Sixers were without Hawes AND it was on the third night in a row. A four-point loss to a good Denver team, which the Sixers should've won if Iguodala just sank both of his free throws at the end. Now, we have a another double-digit win over (finally) a legitimate team that is going to be in the playoffs. I don't want to hear one shred of sarcasm or insulting words from any of you; this Sixers team IS for real. I can't WAIT to see them play the Heat tomorrow. Even if they lose, we know it's gonna be close. Keep on trucking, Philly; with the pathetic Knicks, Celtics and Raptors all losing (AGAIN), this division is just being HANDED to you!
kent432::Wow..you like the sixer, Huh??
loomus7::why so much hate coming on here against the Sixers? They have no star and are playing great team ball. Can they win it all? Of course not. But they are fun to watch and for us Philly fans the first time in almost a decade when we can really care about the team.  I have watched every game on DTV and just enjoy it. I live in Miami and watch the Heat too. They are an amazing team and I think the best in the league. You don't have to be the Heat. Will the heat go to the finals? Almost definitely. However, they said that about the Packers this year too. Not saying the Sixers would upset the heat, but come on. Lets play the games and see what happens.   Let us Sixers fans enjoy a winning team again. It has been a long time. We don't need to win it all, we just want to be relevant again.
Atl-fan-win-or-lose::I get so sick when I see Jason Collins out on the court. He looks like a deer looking into the head lights of an on coming truck most the time. He always commits stupid fouls, stupid turnovers and cost the Hawks points in turn. Take tonight for example, the Hawks were leading and what does the idiot do? Turns the ball over on a 3 second call. After that the momentum swung in the 76ers favor and at that point they rolled victory.
caseydiff::Philly is a mediocre team
tbonecfp::They are not a mediorce team. As "salemram15" so accurately pointed out, they may have mediocre players, but they are a great "team". That is why they are winning. They are truly playing as a team, unlike any 76ers team I have seen in a long time between the two AIs. Their current "AI", is finally learning to play to his strengths, and the Sixers are a much better team for it. They are a pleasure to watch and Doug Collins is an awesome coach!
tjbey2000::This would be Thad Youngs 2nd year if he went to college for 4 years
tjbey2000::I wouldnt say mediocre players, Turner was a #2 pick, Halladay was like the 18 pick after 1 year in college, Thad young 12 pick after 1 year in college, Iggy top 15 pick, Hawes top 15 pick, these kids are becoming men, and are very talented, If Thad and Halladay stayed in school thier top 3 picks if not #1 picks, Halladay should only be a junior in college, hed be the best player in ncaa
salemram15::Mediocre players, but a great team. Theres a difference.
Travis Berger::I've been saying sixth seed in the east from the beginning.
Travis Berger::I hope i'm wrong
Travis Berger::I've been saying sixth seed in the east from the beginning.
michael_toks::THE CHICAGO BULLS IS GOING TO WIN THE EAST
Travis Berger::heat will
Travis Berger::heat will
VANJON08::GAME OVER! T-Wolves!!
jaykeia::I cant beleive how happy Sixers fans are getting because of one win against a "so so" team like the Hawks!That shows how low your expectations are!!lol
tjbey2000::Jaykeia does it make you sad to see others happy ?  Why would anyone hate on the 76ers a team without a star that plays exciting team ball?We like sports in Philly, so were happy when they win, get on the bandwaggon before its to late, Atlantic division is ours for the taking...
tank_dogg06::3rd ranked offense, 2nd ranked defense  Do. Research. Before. Trololololing.
BALABILA::When i look at the contract Joe Johnson got, it confirmed to me that the world we live in is messed up big time...
jaykeia::Amen...hopefully he will be a amnesty cut soon because we don't like him around here!
Matttide::No Horford, no chance. The Hawks are barely a playoff team without their star. Getting crushed on the boards by Elton Brand would never have happened if Horford had been there.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::They won 4 games without him.
Hawks_Bears_Bulls_Cubs::Philliesallday OK so u clearly dont really watch basketball and prolly just watch ur bulls. If u actually watched basketball u would kniow that the sixers have by far the best bench in the league
tjbey2000::anyone that thinks Iggy doesnt D up Joe Johnson, he has 27 points total in his last 3 games vs the 76ers
jaykeia::So what?Joe Johnson sucks...call out a real superstar next time
tjbey2000::With the way Turner is elvolving, slowly but surely, eventually , theres not enough minutes for Turner + what you can  get for  Iggy means  you probably have to ship him at some point. Turner does alot of the things we ask Iggy to do as far as defense and rebounding hes only gonna get stronger, and at this point he has a higher ceiling than Iggy
goalie1113::iggy can D up almost any 2/3 in the NBA. its why i kinda wish we wouldnt trade him.... but you kinda have to with evan turner waiting in the wings + the assets u can get for iggy....
Hawks_Bears_Bulls_Cubs::Nobody cares about the Sixers  Let the Big Boys talk
tank_dogg06::You wouldn't know a big boy if one slapped you with their tube steak.
goalie1113::congrats on your bulls for being 1 notch higher than the sixers in the race for 2nd place in the east...  and even that im not certain about. at the rate this is going, especially with d-rose already banged up, the sixers can sneak into the 2 seed... either way, its irrelevant because neither chicago nor philly is beating the heat in 7 game series
Korzagg::Just like the Heat won the NBA titl ...... opps wait nevermind
fhymson42::Thad Young could easily win 6th man of the year as the sixers 7th man hahaha
loomus7::Still want Lou to get the real 6th man. He is so clutch and important for Sixers.
tjbey2000::And he does so much that doesnt come up on the stat sheet
ACT1v1::This team play so much better off the break. They really concentrate on rebounding. Although Brand isn't scoring, he's providing a major presence. Blocked shots, and hustle plays. In a half court set, Turner looks like he's trying to fit in, instead of flowing with the offense. He likes to change the rim. But, he isn't as fluid. Tonight he had a lot of handling problems. It was like he was nervous. Everytime he got the ball he dropped it, or fumbled with it. When they insert Meeks it's like their whole tempo changes and the get in higher gear. He's a really nice compliment. All he does is shoot 3's though. They really did explode in that 3rd. It's was fastbreak after fastbreak for the Sixers. 3, after 3, rebound outlet. Swish... Slam...
loomus7::EB reminds me a bit of Iverson early years with Derrick Coleman. DC wasn't the force he used to be but he gave good minutes. EB fitting role Doug wants and they are winning. No need to rock the boat here yet.
ACT1v1::DC was the biggest was of potential and potential dominance I've ever seen. This dude could shoot, he could post up, rebound, and pass. He was so lazy and calcified to his own short comings.
salemram15::EB's scoring Numbers are down this year because Hawes is playing at such a high level. Brand was the hands down  goto guy in the post last season, but with the improvments Spencer has made, he takes some looks away from EB. Either way I'm fine with it as long as we keep winning.
ACT1v1::I mean he isn't a 20/10 guy any more. He was only that earlier in his career with the Clips and Bulls. The injuries robbed him of time. Elton is helping the Sixers win with his contributions. Whenever he raises out of his offensive slump and gets on a roll. He's very consistent. I know what I get from Brand. But, he and Dalembert were overpaid handsomely, yet they let Miller walk. Bizarro World Sixers at that time.
goalie1113::im not gonna say the brand contract is great by any means lol.... but it could be a LOT worse. at least the guy hustles, plays hard and always brings 100%. can't say that he's not trying... as a philly fan, i will always appreciate good effort, and im not gonna blame elton brand for signing a fat contract that the sixers front office was clearly mistaken on.
goalie1113::heck, 10 offensive rebounds tonight for EB! thats as hustle as it gets!
ThatSmartMonkey::Bulls fans are getting defensive in their chat room, LOL!
jeffreydahmer60::Miami will spank that 76er @$@% tomorrow.
loomus7::Come on Son! Norris Cole? I think you favor the heat no doubt but the Sixers could sneak a win. Big win over lakers this week, big comeback earlier, Wade was hurt, not sure he back? Good chance the heat overlook the Sixers. Not playoff ball, but some hustle D on Sixers part might steal a win. Saturday is time to hit SB anyway. :)
tjbey2000::I wouldnt be surprised at all if they beat the Heat tommorow, heat just had a couple nice wins, you cant win them all
goalie1113::yeah... but they just look unstoppable right now, especially WITHOUT wade for some reason lol  5-4 WITH wade, 6-0 without....
tjbey2000::Miller is nice, I like the energy he brings to the team, he used to be soft back in the orlando days
goalie1113::if/when the heat win, its not going to be because of those guys lol... itll be because lebron/bosh showed up and did their thing... or they didnt
jeffreydahmer60::Eddy Curry is back, Mike Miller is healthy, and Heat have Norris Cole.
smuru03::lol at Eddy Curry, Mike MIller and Norris Cole.  Three names that strike fear into the heart of any team
fhymson42::Eddy Curry is back guys! Everybody should be very scared!   Is Curry finally going to have his annual "Breakout Season" this time around?
tjbey2000::as far as blowout I doubt it, Sixers played them tough 4 out of 5 playoff games last year, and there better this year, Jimmy Lynum said tonight Turner is atleast twice as good today as he was at this time last year, Thad Youngs numbers speak for themselve, Hawes has been a  double double machine but hes out so were hurting at center.PS.  Dru Halladay should be a Junior in college and hed be the #1 pick next year. Thad Young played 1 year a G tech and was the 12th pick in the draft, He also coulda been a #1 draft pick if he stayed in school. Point is these kids are becoming men and getting better every day.
goalie1113::jrue lol
Iladelphia::Sixers haven't been spanked in any game all year.
goalie1113::it'll be close. the sixers fought them hard in the playoffs last year, and i dont see that changing. not expecting a sixers win by any means, though. but itll be close
tjbey2000::They should at home on a days rest and the Sixers back to back, plus the Heat are a better team, so yea they should win.
tetequeztwins::If any fan is getting excited over their team right now is bullcrap and fools gold. Because everyone settle down and relax and wait till the playoffs start then the bragging can begin because these schedules are crazy the sixers play 10 out of their next 12 games at home with 7 straight at home after tomorrow so educate yourself on the game before you get to excited because come playoffs it won't be like this trust me good luck Philly just stop it with the best team crap its not warranted just yet.
salemram15::Don't like the way we're excited about our team then get the h3ll off this thread, noones making you stay here and monitor the convo.
tjbey2000::I dont think anyone is saying the Sixers are the best team in basketball, But we will take the Atlantic, and its begging to look like we will take it easy,  and win atleast one playoff series, what more can you ask for from a team full of 21-27 year olds?
killahs_ghost::Strawman arguments are fun.  Invent an opposing viewpoint, accuse others of holding it, declare yourself the winner and most intelligent poster on the internet.  Game over.  Awesome.
tetequeztwins::slow down its a long way to go don't count your chickens before they hatch
goalie1113::although the matchup's not terrible. iggy is as good as a defender that you can have for lebron. still gotta wade.... but the biggest matchup problem for the sixers against the heat is bosh by far. brand?!? yikes.
goalie1113::nah dont confuse 'lebron' and 'the heat'.... wade is one of the most clutch players in the NBA
goalie1113::clearly, miami is the team to beat in the east. the sixers are NOWHERE near their level, lets be honest.... but in terms of NY/boston... the sixers are going to run away with the division.  say what you want about the knicks, but they are a below .500 team ever since theyve acquired carmelo anthony. there is ZERO sign of that changing, especially in a short/condensed season where practice time is limited
Iladelphia::Well any predictions made are counting chickens. You're counting a win in Atlanta over the Sixers already.
Iladelphia::I don't think the Sixers are the best team. I think they will win the Atlantic and advance to the 2nd round. That's all I expect from them
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Exactly. They work hard and they are improving. We have to give them some credit.
tetequeztwins::I am a hawks fan and they played hard in the first half but when Joe Johnson didn't step up i knew it wasn't going to be a good outcome. We have issues and so does every team in the NBA this shortened season.The thing is Philly should have won this game the Hawks without Al horford, Philly coming off a loss at home and Joe Johnson having a horrible night. Now if Philly can come to Atlanta and win in February then and maybe then they are legit. But i am sure that won't happen and the sixers will lose when they come to Atlanta on the 3rd or the 4th
tjbey2000::Thats Bs they were not doubling him all night, and its known by the sixers, that Iggy D's up Johnson when they play and usualy shuts him down, they were talking about it after the game on comcast
Iladelphia::Actually the last time the Hawks played the Sixers at home they lost. I'm not even talking about tonight I'm talking about last year. My point is the Hawks aren't unbeatable at home and you shouldn't use that as a crutch for predicting a Hawks win.
tetequeztwins::Lol and the hawks beat philly b last they played in philly and your point lol last year is last year dude and like i said the hawks will win at home
Iladelphia::Sixers beat the Hawks by 34 last time they went to Atlanta.
AtlanticD::This is gonna happen ALL season...  "The sixers can beat bad teams by 20, doesn't make them good, they can beat good teams by 10 w/o their best player, doesn't make them good, they can lose by 3-6 against good teams on the road, they aren't good, they can beat teams on the rise by 14 on their home floor, doesn't make them good.."  Bottom line, 11-4, you beat teams, you lose to teams, this is a SOLID basketball team, don't get it twisted......
goalie1113::the sixers beat the pacers by 10.... and the hawks by 24. granted, horford didnt play... but a 10 pt 3rd qtr???? ANS ONLY BECAUSE OF A BUZZER BEATER 3!!! shoulda been looking at a 7 point quarter!
Iladelphia::Maybe Joe Johnson didn't have a good game because of Iggy's D. And yes the Hawks didn't have Horford. The Sixers didn't have Hawes.
phillyirish2013::Loving the Bulls troll on here.  They scurred.
ThatSmartMonkey::76ers = best team in the NBA. FACT. Any other statements disagreeing with that  are false and will be laughed at.
tetequeztwins::Lolu r truly kidding yourself they are not the best team in the NBA and neither are the Hawks and i am a Hawks fan. They are both very good team but are in the middle of the pack at best.
middlet01::As long as you leave this DUMB @$$ post on the sixers board u should be fine...DA BULLS!!!
hhkal::Wait, one more...  "The sixers bench outscores the starters...that's not a balanced team"   7 guys are averaging double figures in ppg. The 8th guy is at 8.7 ppg. I'd venture to say that's pretty balanced.
Frankdaddy21::I am going to make fun of the knicks fans who's with me
bigjoerocca::hows that working out loser ? NYK2012
Frank Reynolds is back 4::The Sixers best win this season. We may not be as good as bulls and heat. But they keep working hard. And maybe they can cause some problems for some very good teams. Good job Sixers.
loomus7::Well, we both lost to the Heat so does it matter? D Rose needs to step up like Jordan did against Boston and Detroit. Prove yourself in the playoffs.
AtlanticD::Got nothin, figures, Chicago fans can dish it out but can't handle the truth, sorry Tom Cruise, but the Sixers played the Heat better than you did with less talent, enjoy the wind...
AtlanticD::Disagree, they way they can run that bench with their youth they can go 7 with all of em, not saying they're gonna win it all, but if  Miami, Chicago and Orland think the Sixers are an easy out, well, I'm kinda hoping for that....
AtlanticD::Best 3rd and 4th quarter scoring team in the association my man, you can't scare us with SCA LA BRI NE, cause Lou, Thad, ET, amd Vuc will tear it up, you can watch if you want, but odds are you'll be cursing at you TV when it's all said and done....
middlet01::All u need to know is "SCA LA BRI NE"...cus he will be playing the whole 4th Quarter when DA BULLS blow out your sixers...DA BULLS!!!
AtlanticD::Who won the season series last year...?
middlet01::Why go 5 when we can give our whole roster a chance to BEAT DOWN THE 76ERS...EVERYBODY EATS ON OUR TEAM...DA BULLS!!!
middlet01::f**K THE 76ERS da bulls GO 12 DEEP..."can go 7"...that aint nothing...DA BULLS!!!
tbomber2::Lakers, I am dissapoint.  - Magic Johnson
Milwaukee Buckss::Thaddeus Young is the 6th man of the year no doubt about it
AtlanticD::LOU!!
hhkal::"The Sixers built their Atlantic Division lead by beating subpar teams."   And yet the Knicks keep LOSING to subpar teams (Golden State, Toronto, Charlotte, Phoenix, and tonight Milwaukee). LOL.
3218friendship::"The Sixers built their Atlantic Division lead by beating subpar teams." They can only play who is on the schedule, nit wit. Face it haters, this team is legit. The more Holiday &amp; Thad Young get the ball in crunch time, the better they will be. Let Iggy do what he does well: play D and run the floor. They walk to the division title and will give Miami or Chicago everthing they can handle in the 2nd round.
loomus7::Not sure... Turner is really starting to shine. 20 points last game. If he can break out and be a leader with the rest of the great team guys.... Sky is the limit.
mj8648::yeah, no team even tried to offer him a contract as he was a free agent last offseason....young is very underrated player...
theSwayzeExpress::Thad Young is my favorite player on this team.  Has so much potential on offense (sky's the limit), and he plays stifling defense.  I think he could be the key to a deep playoff run   He is crazy underrated too, he has been flying under the radar so far this seasonh
patg55555::any takers for Joe Johnson? anyone? anyone? I think I'll retire as a Hawks fan until he's gone. Done.
Chris Woodworth 34::who would have guessed the best philly tem this year would be the sixers? ROLL TIDE.
AtlanticD::Flyers my man, Flyers...  And I'll bet the Phils will be even better, we are only 3 weeks in....
Bsul21::Coming from a philly sports fan, the phils are gonna be average at best next year. Their just too old, they won their title, the flyers had their chance, now its the sixers turn
Fendretti4::Hawks leading scorer was of course a reserve and of course a former Sixer
mj8648::yeah, just like the nuggets game..... i guess SIXERS don't wanna guard their former teammates....
theSwayzeExpress::Im sure everybody who listens to WIP heard that the 6ers had a team meeting after the loss to the Nuggets, to talk about how they were going to snap the losing streak.  One loss to this team is a losing streak.  I love how thy strive for excellence.  They are flat out out-playing teams.  They have one of the NBA's deepest rosters, which I think will benefit them very much come playoffs in this shortened season.  Took to weeks for the new owners to see a return on their investment, they must also be thrilled to see so many butts in the seats at 6ers game.  If someone had told me all of this would happen after last season, I would have laughed at them.  Love this team!!!!
Noble_vP::Growing up in the Philly area, and growing to hate all of the team there because of the fans...I must admit you seem like a normal sane one...
theSwayzeExpress::Well thank you.  I dont think very many of this city's fans are that bad.  There are definately some $@%!$@%! who give us a bad rep, but all in all Philly has some great fans.  Philly is so involved with and passionate in their sports teams.  You can walk up to any stranger on the street, whether a bum or a lawyer, and spark up a spirited discussion about any of the 4 major teams.  Some ppl mistake that for obnoxious fans, however I think the vast majority of us are just passionate and invested in our sports teams.
Fendretti4::well put
theSwayzeExpress::Thank you man.  I have not been this excited about the 76ers since Iverson left.  I am a true 4/4, so I never stopped watching this team, but I will admit they were my number 4 in Philly for a while.  They have endeared themselves to me this season much as the Phils did 4 years ago, and the Flyers have this season.  Eagles debacle aside, I have to say its a great time to be a Philadelphia sports fan.
lMlike::"Philly Explodes in 3rd quarter" Okay 25 points?!? That's not exactly what exploding means..
Philliesallday::Well they outscored them by 15, I would say thats a pretty good quarter.
Fendretti4::They must have meant the Defense explodes
dennorayj::Hawks are way overrated...
patg55555::overrated by who? nobody talks about them despite their 11-4 record going into this game.
johnjl5153::philly playing tough... but anyone that knows collins is a very good coach and will maximize the talent he has on his team....just doesnt every really have super talented teams...... he the one that started to turn the leaf with jordan......
Fendretti4::very good coach...underrated and very under-respected
Fendretti4::nice of Atlanta to show up in the 2nd half. 29 points? That's a season for Josh Smith? haha...he's a joke too
sygroff11::The Hawks will always be the Hawks. Garbage
Fendretti4::"The sixers bench outscores the starters...that's not a balanced team" Balanced? maybe...Good? Yes...Better than your team? Definitely
andrewfiftyone::Travis, how bad are you feeling rooting for the Nicks? If the Sixers are a 6 seed, the Nicks are championship quality! In the Player Developmental League!.....maybe.
