KnixTix::It's sad when your guards get more rebounds than your starting center.   3 rebounds for Lopez???  C'mon man.
knicklyn::The Nets will not get any better.  They tried their best to give up this game too.  Brooklyn is my home. New York is my team. http://www.facebook.com/Knicklyn
KnixTix::I like the handle...GO KNICKS!!!!
joeman1146::... Bricks.. Brooklyn Knicks. throwing up bricks.
KMartKidd56::Lol you are sad. "Knicklyn" is the best you could come up with? Rofl
KYRIEALLTHEWAY::COME ON ORLANDO GET HYPE WHATS GOIN ON
victor5909::Being a MAGIC follower Im thinking the wheels have started to fall off the bus....Its sad though because the season is ONLY 6 games in
KnixTix::Starting???  Wheels came off last season thanks to Howard.
gerald_5::we've won two in a row, now we are the best team in NY  -nets fans aaand SAS
jpjorgensen420::Does Avery Johnson think Brook Lopez is Dirk Nowitzki? After becoming head coach of the Nets Brook Lopez has become a player that only cares about getting his own shot off. How can you call yourself a center and only average 3 rpg for an entire season. He is averaging 7.5 this year but the last two years he has been awful.
joeman1146::,, he had 3 blocks. his defense is getting better.  dont know why Avery has lopez come up to the 3 point line to defend though, thats stupid.
joeman1146::Humphries got 21.. he hogged them.  If they can combine for 34 points and 24 rebounds id be fine with that. 17 pts 12 rbs. average for both. thats fine with me.
Porkchop8920::last year he only played 5 games and wasn't at full strength in any of them
NewNets2012::Nets wouldn't show what kind of team they are until January starts...this is a new team still trying to jell...even Heat with their hall of fame talent big three took time to get things together. NOT comparing the nets to the heat but you all should get the point
81WASIV::the Nets suck. all they got is overrated, overpaid bums
mdtuzo::Almost blew another 20 pt lead against another scrub team... I'll take win, but this team has to improve quickly
jordan_93::Joe Johnson is an overrated bum
espnstar103::Heat beat the Nets by 30 Knicks beat the Heat by 20  Therefore, the Knicks are 50 points better than the Nets.
brandonstephensy::Hey ...magic and nets are completely irrelevant
Barrybran::Poor McBob. -25 point differential in 13 minutes.
kb24allday53::3 rebounds! just freakin pathetic. humphries aint gonna get 20 every night.
Mets2410::ya and when he doesn't (like last game) Lopez got 10 in less than 24 minutes.
SPGCPA::whu explain it....haters are going to hate....Lopez has obviously made much more effort toward rebounding this year.....
kiss_thee_ring::NETS STINK. THERE DEFENSE IS NOT GOOD. MAGIC WERE SCORING EVERYTHING IN THE PAINT AND JUST MISSING WIDE OPEN SHOTS FROM THE OUTSIDE
joeman1146::The Nets do not play well nor did they defend well.  The Magic were scoring easily inside the paint, however missing open shots from the outside.  **
kiss_thee_ring::BROOK LOPEZ 7 TOS 3 REBS AND TERRIBLE D
A Magic Fan::Nets beat Orlando (We are considered a top two worst team.) and a Raptors team this 1-5. Raise the Championship Banner!
dmj2782::As a Magic fan I laugh at this. I have as much hope for Nets making the playoffs as I do this Magic team minus Jameer, Turk, and Harrington
A Magic Fan::UNCTarHeelz725. - Alex04211406 - Are nets fan really getting this excited for beating the magic  ------------------------------------------------------------------------  I really don't wanna hear it.  Knicks fans are saying that they are the best team in the NBA after 4 games.  We beat the Magic by 39 on the road.  The worst of the Magic's losses.  You only beat the Mavs by 10 at home without Dirk, and the Mavs lost to the Bobcats.  Philly played horrible in both of their games, so only 1 win really impressed me.   *** Except Alex is a Cavs Fan which makes your reaction about Knicks Fans more funny than his original comment. And none of the Nets wins have impressed me. We're Orlando and not a strong team. We're supposed to lose to you. We have two starters out and a key reserve. The fact that we kept it competitive is the funny part.
SPGCPA::the Knicks are for real ???.....they've been living on the 3 ptr...do you expect them to continue hitting 47% all year ???....good luck with that....
Gmenftw::did philly play horrible or did the knicks make them play horrible? but both the nets and magic are garbage. the knicks are for real. and the next test is the spurs
bmrsnrox::who names their son Brook?
joeman1146::or Chris, or Josh.. like, seriously.
SmokeyNYY::black ppl
Sam58548::Who name's their son Kobe? Or LeBron? Or Rondo? ect....or even Arron?
Mets2410::but even with Rondo, who names their kid Rajon?
Sam58548::My bad...thanx.
spcoon::rondo's his last name. i agree with your retort, just a clarification.
capclip9::At least the Nets are now good enough to beat an inferior team. Past couple years, the Nets WERE the inferior team. Needless to say, this should be good enough to make the playoffs.
Sam58548::Orlando would have gotten Humphries, Lopez, Brooks and four 1st round picks for Howard and they passed. Nice job, Orlando. LMAO!!!!!
trizzo23::they got 3,first and 2 ,2nd  all picks only lottery protected ..nets picks would have been in the 25-30 range plus got this yrs 15th pick in harkless and last yrs 16th pick in vucevic..plus afflalo who is better than m. brooks he plays defense  and magic  pick will turn to a top 5 instead of 20th?...and no max over-paid injury prone lopez eating cap....magic did fine for a guy that was walking and crying were he would go...much,much better than nets offer
DanNYC2816::i think orlando wanted to bottom out, that deal would have kept them in the middle of the pack
SPGCPA::Sam58548 - But they are in the same situation. They got middle of the pack players and one 1st round pick that will be a late rounder from the Lakers.  and the picks they got are all severely protected or they get delayed.;....
Sam58548::But they are in the same situation. They got middle of the pack players and one 1st round pick that will be a late rounder from the Lakers.
7857twit::LifeInInfrared - Yeah, but why? They would have gotten plenty of first round picks anyway.  yes they wouldve but it would have been middle of the pack 1st rounders...the Nets wouldve definitely made the playoffs therefore almost rendering the picks worthless...
LifeInInfrared::Yeah, but why? They would have gotten plenty of first round picks anyway.
MRArtman2u::magic fully healthy are better than this nets team, seriously, nets barely beat a magic team starting two rookies.
SPGCPA::ROFLAMO.....yeah...sure they are....Magic are a threat to challenge teh all time worst record in league history...
spcoon::c'mon, stop with the injury excuses. the nets were missing quite arguably their 4th and 5th best players in wallace and brooks. they trotted out a 38 year-old stackhouse who scored like it was 2002. please.
LifeInInfrared::Oh, I didn't know winning by about 40 the other night is barely beating a team...
LifeInInfrared::Who did they end up getting for Howard anyway? Afflalo?
UNCTarHeelz725.::Alex04211406 - Are nets fan really getting this excited for beating the magic  ------------------------------------------------------------------------  I really don't wanna hear it.  Knicks fans are saying that they are the best team in the NBA after 4 games.  We beat the Magic by 39 on the road.  The worst of the Magic's losses.  You only beat the Mavs by 10 at home without Dirk, and the Mavs lost to the Bobcats.  Philly played horrible in both of their games, so only 1 win really impressed me.
spcoon::it's the first week of an 82 game schedule. let's have this conversation in january.
Cool7boy2004::heat just go blown out by memphis they must not have been trying today either
stefaniepetrillo@gmail.com::and that Heat win was the weekend after the worst Hurricane to ever hit NYC in last 100 years so u really think Heat were fired up to beat Knicks at home ?  Even Wade said its wrong there playing that game
LifeInInfrared::Yeah, I know man. I hated the fact that people were saying that the Heat gave them the game. Giant idiots they are.
DanNYC2816::fair enough, but no one in NY could even watch the game if they weren't in the stadium, and basketball was the furthest thing from everyone's mind
LifeInInfrared::Well in her defense, that game was played in Miami. But I don't even care that they weren't fired up, it's still a game and it's still their loss.
DanNYC2816::they didn't have any problem blowing the nets out
DanNYC2816::didn't the nets lose to miami by 30 though? and besides we don't have stat or shump. and dallas has done very well without dirk
DanNYC2816::i know the lakers are struggling, but thats still a good win, and the jazz and blazers are pretty good. i'm not saying the knicks will win the title or anything, just that i've been impressed by all of their wins
UNCTarHeelz725.::DanNYC2816 - i'll assume it was easy, but still the mavs are pretty good  This is the SECOND time they played the Bobcats.  It wasn't just easy.  They played the 1-4 Mike Brown Lakers, jazz, Bobcats, Blazers, Raptors, Knicks and Bobcats and their only 4-3.
DanNYC2816::i'll assume it was easy, but still the mavs are pretty good
UNCTarHeelz725.::look at their schedule. (Mavs.)
UNCTarHeelz725.::21 rebounds.  This guy is a monster!
trizzo23::no alot of missed shots
UNCTarHeelz725.::And a lot of forced missed shots.
divxremix007::And the crimson tide still lost.
UNCTarHeelz725.::Wrong Board.
DanNYC2816::I admit i hate the Nets more than ever, but i mean it as a compliment. I hope we meet in the playoffs, it would be epic and really bring basketball back to NYC
The Bishop NYR::If they make it lol. sorry nets fans, I had to say it
DanNYC2816::hehe
s-murphy17::nevermind
DanNYC2816::CBS just posted the stat  Rex Ryan: 8 animated reactions today (season avg 9.5)   im not making this up
s-murphy17::well the jets arent scoring or gaining yard so they have to keep track of something
DanNYC2816::i guess so, but that seems like a bit much
s-murphy17::tebow time LoL
Rezo201::Brook, I appreciate your offensive game, but the lack of rebounds is embarrassing.
spcoon::when humphries is grabbing 20, evans 10 in limited minutes and williams 7... you know? he had 10 the other night in less than 24 minutes.
gemstar828::joe johnson looks tired...
The Bishop NYR::When Johnson played for the suns, he wasn't averaging his highest points either, but still avg 17.5 pts a game. Reason I bring this up is because that Suns team was ALOT like this Nets team, a star pg in Nash(D-WILL), a star big man in Amare(Lopez) and Marion whos alot like Gerald wallace. He has to share the ball more then he used to but he'll get used to it again
Cool7boy2004::wow you just compared them to a 60 win juggernaut team.
gemstar828::brooklyn really strugglin.... nobody looks happy.
s-murphy17::trade joe johnson for paul george, trade gerald wallace for shawn marion. dream trades for nets
Reds30417::No way Pacers would trade a young possible superstar George for worn Johnson
trizzo23::joe johnson is a net till that awful contract ends...period
DanNYC2816::indiana would never ever ever do that though
DanNYC2816::sorry but its true
s-murphy17:::(
s-murphy17::i cant say i like joe johnson so far.
gemstar828::d-will still pouting during games, when this don't go his way
The Bishop NYR::I dont blame you but trust me, he will start doing better...
DanNYC2816::i don't know, OJ has been playing great so far
Mets2410::no way man. JJ&gt;&gt;OJ
The Bishop NYR::He will atleast eventually get his PPG back up to 17 pts a game, ATLEAST
s-murphy17::it kept dwill in town, but i would rather oj mayo
The Bishop NYR::BROOKLYN LOPEZ
The Bishop NYR::Hahaha thats hot... We got - Carmelo anthoNY
DanNYC2816::haha not bad
s-murphy17::people criticize b.lo for not rebounding, but no one criticizes a pg like ( bill ups, chalmers, etc) for not getting assists
DanNYC2816::people criticize westbrook and rose for it constantly
DanNYC2816::i agree, they do what their teams need them to do
s-murphy17::those people are just jealous or kevin duraant butt stuffers
The Bishop NYR::Knicks beat the Heat 5 times since the big 3. This last one we played our best and were litterrally FLAWLESS on both ends. The Heat can act like they didnt try but they did, especially in the 2nd half, they did everything they could to comeback, and left all there stars in the whole 3rd, even after we took ours out. Lebron was getting angry. The lead was only 8 or 9 at half time. We were drilling shots and creating turnovers/fouls. The Heat are human, they are very good but they aint gonna beat anybody who play as good as we played Period. The Probem is trying to play that good everynight. Still the Knicks are a very good team this year, quit being stupid
stefaniepetrillo@gmail.com::is anyone really happy with Joe Johnson so far ?? For getting a redic contract I would expect this guy to b more of a presence .. haven't seen him b a force in the paint at all really
stefaniepetrillo@gmail.com::yeah he just looks old to me .. maybe he will pick up - he hits a nice 3 here and there, but he doesn't stand out at all offensively or defensively esp if this is our consolation prize for D Howard
thekola::i dont expect him to earn that absurd contract but he needs to better than he has been so far.
s-murphy17::brook lopez isnt a bad rebounder, but if you watch he break back to the other end if hump or evans are in position. idk why he does it
gemstar828::brook looks really weak under the boards...
Dwayne -Anything For The Foul- Wade::coaching staff tells him to. If he's back on offense he can get an easy bucket or get into a good post position.
thekola::because he knows they have it covered. makes sense to me.
s-murphy17::yea. he slows so he wants to get back on d or o quicker
michaeld8463::wow 3 reboubd for Lopez on 35 minutes agaisnt 7 of evans  in 14minutes. That a center  for you....
michaeld8463::if you are happy with your center having 3 rebound then good for you but that is somethingthat your team will have problem dont expect to win agaisnt good team with that performance. Humphries got 21 rebound but that was against the magic. what wouldepect agaisnt the lakers, spurs  knicks heats or other?
stefaniepetrillo@gmail.com::bc lopez is more of a scorer and hump more of a rebounder
michaeld8463::i didnt mention humphries because he did his work. Lopez for what is been paid not....how can a guy who about 8 gwtet more rebound than your 7 footer center who play most of the gane
thekola::evans played mostly when hump was off the floor. these are not complicated concepts. how old are you? seriously
michaeld8463::still for a 7 foot center is suppose to havr more
thekola::you clearly have been watching bball for about 5 minutes.
JDoc311::Brook is averaging 10 per 36 on the season.  I'm not really worried about him.
thekola::exactly. lets see how many boards lopez had in that abomination of a game in Orlando on friday
Dwayne -Anything For The Foul- Wade::Yea lets fail to mention Humpries went off for 20+ rebounds.
stefaniepetrillo@gmail.com::well Humphries had like 18 rebounds .. so, yeah let Lopez score and Hump can get the boards
thekola::21
thekola::when the guy next to you has 21 rebounds, youre not gonna have alot of rebounds. watch more basketball.
Slyyfxthethird::Knicks don't want none
gemstar828::nets bench looks better than the starters imo...
Slyyfxthethird::watch when the Nets blowout the Knicks
DanNYC2816::the nets don't have the defense
DanNYC2816::don't want none what?
DanNYC2816::yea, it is. and we didn't get blown out by the heat
MiamiMagicCity::beating up on the dirkless mavs and bynumless sixers is notch above
DanNYC2816::oh yea? so i guess beating up on the magic makes you special?
thekola::knicks actually look good so far.
Slyyfxthethird::Nets would crush the Knicks
jratman1::Home of Mickey Mouse in Orlando for theme parks and basketball.
s-murphy17::if yall are home tonight make sure to be on the heat or lakers board bashing those fake fans :)
gemstar828::shooting 37% could be a problem in  any game.... they need work 4 real
stefaniepetrillo@gmail.com::i've neen net fan since 1995 .. proud to b Nets fan instead of Knicks fan like the rest of the bandwagon tri-state area
DanNYC2816::bandwagon? everyone is constantly ridiculing the knicks, you have to be devoted to be a knicks fan
thekola::ive been a net fan my whole life.
DanNYC2816::yea i'm sure you've been a Brooklyn fan your whole life
DanNYC2816::umm i said brooklyn
s-murphy17::its brooklyn you fool. ive been a nets fan since 4th grade.
The Bishop NYR::Ny GIANTS - Ny KNICKS - Ny RANGERS - Minnesota TWINS
gemstar828::u could hear a rat $@%! on cotton it was so quiet in the arena this afternoon.... fans got real worried... the game was too close....
stefaniepetrillo@gmail.com::we don't need your congrats .. we'll see ur AARP club aka Knicks at the end of November
DanNYC2816::jeeze, sorry to hear it
JDoc311::DanNYC2816 - you nets fans aren't very friendly  We're abused children.
DanNYC2816::you nets fans aren't very friendly
stefaniepetrillo@gmail.com::u do realize this is a Nets board .. telling us ur fav teams like an 8 year old really contribute a lot .. thanks
The Bishop NYR::Whats with the hate? Besides, I see 2 Nets fans lol. I already congradulated you guys down below
DanNYC2816::one of these things is not like the other, one of these things just doesn't belong
DanNYC2816::hater
s-murphy17::Ny KNICKS... they suck
s-murphy17::danNYC is here to hate... bum
DanNYC2816::i only said one thing
DanNYC2816::whatever
s-murphy17::hater
The Bishop NYR::Welp if the Nets can do the Magic dirty twice by a fair amount of points, I guess my Knicks should be able to win by atleast 1 pt lol. I dont care if we win by 2 pts, or 32 pts, I just want to win Tuesday. GO KNICKS &amp; congrats Nets
JuMueller::Prokhorov: Hey Stern, how do I make my team look better early in the season if things aren't going well? Stern: Let's have your team play the Magic back-to-back a week into the season.
gemstar828::getting props from three winning coaches tells the story right there... the knicks are doing the do ya heard
stefaniepetrillo@gmail.com::the Heat handed the Knicks that game .. they felt bad for Hurricane Sandy - they helped you guys more than the Red Cross
Cool7boy2004::they must have HANDED memphis the game tonight getting blown out
The Bishop NYR::Lol I know dude, same can be said about the Celtics. These easy games are keeping the celtics and Rockets alive. If they had the Knicks early schedule they would be put on such a bad start and go 2-15. Knicks early schedule is so rediculously hard, you cant look at it and not think it was done intentionally
s-murphy17::they were flawless vs philly. dwade was bunz ( and even said the game shouldnt be played) dallas was a good game. would have been different with marion playing
The Bishop NYR::Why cant you just admit how flawless we were on both ends? The heat wont beat anybody who plays as good as we did
The Bishop NYR::Lol they didnt try? Lebron was getting mad in the 3rd, they had all our starters in like they always do when they down. Besides it aint the first time we beat them, its like the 5th.
s-murphy17::bynum, dirk, marion, soon granger, jrich. miami didnt try. idk
The Bishop NYR::It aint done yet, take a look at our schedule bro.. And what injuries? Bynum? What about our 2 starters?
s-murphy17::it WAS hard. injuries made it pretty easy
chris johnson 558::hey nets fans wake up you are not the best in the nba to be like this you will almost be 7 or 6 th seed
gemstar828::the nets should stop talking and start playing ball..b4 you really embarass yourselves really  shooting 37% is a joke
DanNYC2816::does anyone actually think the nets are the best?
stefaniepetrillo@gmail.com::and your English is def not the best .. try Rosetta Stone
chris johnson 558::i am not an american take the moral from this
trizzo23::vuc with 14 pts...12 rebounds ..1 turnover...1 week starting lopez 20 points...3 rebounds ...7 turnovers ...4 years starting  1 mill a year max money
JDoc311::Yea, you forgot some important details.  Vuc 6-16 shooting.  Lopez 9-18 shooting.  Hate all you want.  The Magic are terrible.
stefaniepetrillo@gmail.com::rooting for a top draft pick is rooting for your team to lose .. not really the point of being a fan
trizzo23::yes thank you helps with draft spot
stefaniepetrillo@gmail.com::lets not forget best stat .. Nets 2 Orlando 0
RusReese::Brent Lewis Wins on Twitter is 2-0 today
