Tom::Dallas adjusted in the second half to double and triple team Howard.  For some reason when that occurred, the team did not adjust for Howard to pass to an open player.  I am not sure why the adjustments weren't made in the third quarter when Dallas adjusted their play and by the time that they did, it was little too late.    I can't believe they tried to have Lin guard Dirk or anyone guard Dirk one on one.  The way Houston plays they can't seem to adjust quickly when things aren't going their way.  Lin has to do a better job not getting caught on screens and i don't get why a lot times when he is defending, he stays way off his man and stays in the lane which gives his man a lot of open look 3s.  Also there were few fouls on Dirk that were total bs especially the one that got called on Garcia.    Even though Houston lost, I enjoyed watching this game more than when Harden plays.  There weren't many iso and flopping basketball.    Dirk doesn't even have to flop, someone can breath on him and they will call a foul....wow.
pl::rocket's major problems seem to be at defense because it is basically a 4 guard one center combo.  This combo is great when the 3 pts drop, but it is really bad when it comes to defense.  the whole duty of rebounding belongs to howard, but he can not do it all because he also has to guard the basket too.
Ddur Gsgs::So sad, that 3rd quarter just murdered them. Mavs are now 2-1 against Rockets and they took the tiebreaker lead.
dung::It's crazy that scoring 20 points on 5/9 shooting could justify Lin bashing. It's strange. People want Lin to come off the bench, want him traded, doesn't think he "fits" with the team, won't call him a star... but still expect him to play like one, and complain about anything less than perfection.
Nelson::The most productive back court combo for the rockets is when Beverley and Lin are both on the floor.
Kadak_Chai::Game of the night !!! The Rockets are playing well now that Dwight Howard has realized he can score 30-20 on anyone. Harden should be back to 100% soon.  Don't underestimate Dallas either. They are a good team.   My prediction: Rockets 106  Dallas 97..  - Pacer fan.
Nelson::I think Mike got dumped by an Asian woman so now he takes it out on Lin.
Al20171::Didn't watch the game but good to see Brooks step up with a solid performance.  Wonder if Lin and Brooks would make a better team than Lin and Bev?
Wengsoon, Malaysia::Think lin did great, unfortunate that norwitzki had one of those nights when everything went in.   If Lin gets to play more often, their offense will be a lot better.  Small loss, If Lin allowed to lead, they'd do better.
Commenter::Why do we have these damned Iron Crosses?  They are impossible to set on fire in the front yard
