truesportfanman::The LAKERS are "Lob City", as they have more lobs than the clipps. The Laker's have the toughest 6 game road trip, wtih TWO back to backs instead of one for the clipps, and the LAKERS showed Denver how it's done, but after grifin was clothesllined, the clipps knelt to the nuggets. There were lots of Laker fans in the mile high city.
Kobethamvp24x::Then there is the other possibility of PG-Blake-Fisher-Duhon SG-Kobe-Goudelock  SF-Turk-Artest-Barnes PF-McRob-Davis-Murph C-Dwight  I'll pass on this, I'll also leave out a shot for Arenas if Dwight comes here.
Kobethamvp24x::I'll say by playoff time my prediction is...Lakers rotation will be  PG-Sessions-Blake-Fisher SG-Kobe-Goudelock-Sessions SF-Artest-Barnes-Kapono-Kobe( i could see rolling a 3 guard lineup) PF-Gasol-McRob-Murph C-Bynum-Gasol  Lets get it
cajieux::CP3 can't beat the Nuggets!  Check out his career record vs. Nuggets...
jermlk::Mr Big Flop was a no show last night!
mike etheridge::Lips sign Kenyon  not enuff  to bang with WEST PFs
Terry 1953::same old clippers, with a few dunks, wow
mike etheridge::&amp; cp3 who is legit  Mosgov got sum payback on Blake nice foul Blueprint on Blake bang him &amp; he will whine &amp; quit going hard
Goldfinger5887::Looks like the game isn't happening tonight...........Denver airport looks snowed in.........
SouthStander132::Both teams are in town - where are you getting this info???
mirrorsaw1000::The Nuggets are a very good team that is flying below the radar.
Broncman17::I like it that way. When we reach the finals, Barkley can say "What? A team from Canada? That's just wrong!!! " LMAO
Broncman17::Melo can continue to sell shoes. Jr Smith can keep destroying the Chinese and teams can line up to bid for the services of a vastly overrated K Mart. Meanwhile the Nuggs will be laughing all the way to the Finals...
clippsallday::Nuggets are a really good team, so i cant say  they wont. haha
mike etheridge::Cool Lakes can get brooks or sessions &amp; be better at point make a run too Howard can go to Nets for all i care
Broncman17::OKC will be a challenge. But I think they get a little rattled when things don't go their way. These Nuggs keep their cool. They're in EVERY game...
mike etheridge::u r reppin hard for ur boys tho i aint mad at cha lol
Broncman17::We'll talk in May...I'll be there!
mike etheridge::over OKC  POR  LAL even MEM  with Zach idk bro u guys are nice but Undersized vs teams i mentioned
mike etheridge::steven smith clowning blake on espn just now said hes not defending slam dunk bcuz he cant jump over the TOP  of the car instead of the hood &amp; Hes scared cuz Lebron mite be in it lmao
clippsallday::Stephen A Smith speaks out of his $@% most of the time he talks about the nba.
Terry 1953::this guy changes teams like we do our underware
mike etheridge::just gave big props to karl &amp; bashed Dantoni as a Offense only coach, not enlightening but true
mike etheridge::loud mouth but he knows NBA inside out
blueline__123_x::Stephen A Smith is an idiot
Johnson95135::I love that Denver has a team that is doing things while NY is floundering in the wind.  Carmelo looks like a world class $@%!$@.  Denver took NY to school on that trade.
mike etheridge::even NY coach didnt want melo trade he could have had Bulls job n turned it down they draft Rose same yr big mistake Coach
Johnson95135::They got rid of Smith and Anthony, thats why.  lol
Broncman17::Come on now, JR can drop 60 on the Chinese!! Damn! LMAO
Broncman17::Nuggs play team ball, what a concept! Lol. Knicks look like chickens running around with their heads cut off
knicks_11::http://games.espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=7fsm6o6  &lt; better check it out.. or else...&gt;
mike etheridge::agreed cp3 &amp; chauncey are inj prone cant trade those 2 mayb mo for a big
Terry 1953::why is everybody high on cp3 what the hell has he ever done
mbatkiew::Why would the Clippers do this?
Johnson95135::ESPN always making excuses for the Clippers and Heat this year.  Even in the headlines of game recaps.  "Tired Clips lose to Nuggets"?  lmao  Sure thing.  But everytime they blow someone out it is because they are so great?  Such $@%!$@%!.  $@%!$@% ESPN.
mike etheridge::tru dat
knicks_11::But Knicks. Will prevail Tonight
blueline__123_x::dont see that happening
Broncman17::ESPN recognizes the Nuggs as the team that plays where TIM TEBOW does!!!
Broncman17::If Tebow was there at the game, they woulda been ALL OVER IT
Johnson95135::They gave them no props though.  Headline should have been "Nuggets whoop Clips $@%"  lol
JB_Smoove_Thinks_Youre_Beautiful::<b>Stop saying the Celtics cant make the ECF because they are too old. Pierce and KG are old. We all know Ray Allen is very well conditioned and the bench is young(bass, bradley, moore, stiesma, wilcox, dooling, pietrus, pavlovich). They play as a TEAM and are one of the top 3 defensive teams in the league. They started off slow but are coming to form.</b>
JB_Smoove_Thinks_Youre_Beautiful::Bulls vs Celtics in the ECF  Denver vs OKC in the WCF
Broncman17::Yeah, our "Superstar" left us for the bright lights, big city. How's that been workin' out??? Lol
JB_Smoove_Thinks_Youre_Beautiful::I didnt think Denver could get it done without a star but I take it back. ty Lawson has turned into a very good pg and they all play hard. Props
Broncman17::Admire how you stick with your Celtics. True fan. Thanks for the props to Denver. I'd like to see that happen in the Finals, but it might be a stretch
Broncman17::Even Barkley's starting to like the Nuggets. That's scary. But he still thinks Denver's in Canada....
JB_Smoove_Thinks_Youre_Beautiful::Barkley is an idiot
Broncman17::Clips or Lakers, doesn't really matter to Denver. We'll whup both big brother and little brother...
Johnson95135::Yeah you guys have a history of whipping the Lakers.  lmao  Denver fans LOVE to overreact.  You guys are 1-1 against both teams so far.  lmao
eightbitme::Just have our little brothers money.  No joking.  You've been warned.  :-)   http://www.evtv1.com/player.aspx?itemnum=5777
sokal-surf::ESPN sports updates on the radio in LA still lead with the Lakers, even if they had the night off and the Clippers played.  Yeah, watch out Lakers...
eightbitme::That's how I treat my step child.  Leaving him nothing in the Will.  :-)
mike etheridge::sad but true out here Clips have a lot of ground to make up Headed in right direction but all the Cockiness is not Warranted yet
eightbitme::I have a step child named Clipper.  I don't  love him as much as I love my biological son, and I tell him this all the time.  As a matter of fact, I only feed him my sons left overs.  :-)
mike etheridge::lol cold bro
Broncman17::Lakers vs Celtics in the Finals...Oh, wait...that would be in 1984 !!
mike etheridge::or 2007 or 2008  holla when u get there
ACandOJ::And it was 1985, 1987, 2008 &amp; 2010....
mike etheridge::thanks for correction u got my point
JB_Smoove_Thinks_Youre_Beautiful::<b>OKC vs Denver in the WCF  Bulls vs Celtics in the ECF</b>
mike etheridge::Cs? cmon man i cant say denver cudnt cuz they do play team ball but Cs ?
blueline__123_x::no way do the celtics make the conference finals...the new schedule is jsut too grueling for that roster filled with guys on their last legs....
mike etheridge::Be happy Stern screwed us outta cp3 or we wud be 1-3 in West rt now
mike etheridge::See yall tonite Nuggs fans shud be a good game Were gona pound it down low &amp; let Mamba strike we dont want D12 we want D-WILL
mike etheridge::n i g g @ talk i said yall thats country
mike etheridge::whats ebonics?
Nbyplaya19::is this english or ebonics?
Broncman17::Denver vs OKC in WCF. Chicago vs Miami in ECF. Book it
JB_Smoove_Thinks_Youre_Beautiful::Bulls vs Celtics in the ECF
gmann305::I hope the nuggets run a train through the lakers tonight
anthonythomason::Huge game
eightbitme::Lakers aren't spelled with a D.  :-)
eightbitme::New coach and new system.  The Lakers are playing bettter and will be one of the top teams (they will have home court in the first round) come playoff time.  Book it!!
mike etheridge::By all means neccesary bro
mbatkiew::Lakers are fighting for, what, the 7th or 8th seed right now? They're not getting into the WCF, and Dwight isn't coming either. http://insider.espn.go.com/nba/features/rumors/_/id/23920/display/comment  Looks like the Lakers might actually have to do something they've never done; rebuild with draft picks, good contracts, cap management, scouting, etc.
mike etheridge::easy bro beating Lips isnt that hard
mbatkiew::I hope so. List of teams I'd like to see win the championship this year, in order. 1. My Bulls 2. Nuggets 3. Thunder
anthonythomason::Love the Mozgov highlight.  That's the book on Griffin, if he is going to try to make your team look silly dunkin' all over you, foul him hard, make him earn it.  Best play of the night.
mike etheridge::As a Laker fan im happy for Karl he Deserves a lot of credit for dealing with Melo while fighting Cancer He beat 2 cancers PROPS
mike etheridge::Nothin really other than its hard for me to give love to any OTHER team but the Lakes
mbatkiew::What does that have to do with you being a Laker fan?
mbatkiew::I need to stop ragging on the Knicks though. Without them taking on all of our bad contracts all those years and giving us draft picks, we would never have rebuilt this well. Joakim Noah was a Knicks' pick.
Broncman17::What's slipped under the radar is what a GREAT pickup Andre Miller was for the Nuggs. Guy's a gamer !!
tbest23::Snuggies lose carmela and kenyon and improve tenfold! Meanwhile all of you lifelong clippers fans that actually are 3 month fans can quit with the "best team in the west" talk.
BobBobb22::This road trip will be very telling.  Nugs have been GREAT on the road - see if the Clippers can keep up.
mbatkiew::The Nuggets don't even have the best player they got from the Knicks (Wilson Chandler) on their roster yet and they're sitting 2nd in the WEST (a much harder conference). Knicks = funniest organization ever. Oh, and Houston has their pick for next year.
BobBobb22::I'd say Gallo is better than Chandler - but you're right - when Wilson comes back, watch out!
Broncman17::Gallo's a stud
Broncman17::Remember those days when the Nuggs "SUPERSTAR" couldn't get 'em out of the first round of the playoffs?? Not gonna happen this year...
dustpuppy::hope you guys are enjoying my boy Billups.  He'll retire a Nugget, one way or another.  He knows.  He'll be a coach one day too.
mbatkiew::Remember that time the Knicks exercised their TEAM option on Chauncey Billups even though he probably would have resigned for a fairer price, then used their only amnesty on him (an EXPIRING contract) to overpay Chandler who everyone warned against overpaying?
Broncman17::NY Knicks executive decisions = EPIC FAIL
mike etheridge::good point  Billups better than Iman &amp; tyson was a better fit in Dallas they tried to compensate for amare &amp; melo lack of D
BobBobb22::Remember that time Carmelo Anthony forced his way out of Denver to go play on a winning team?
Eric52193::Karl scheme is defense and Melo  has no clue how to play team defense.
BobBobb22::MElo has no idea how to play team ANYTHING.
Broncman17::Team basketball (Denver) &gt; Bright Lights, Big City &gt; Melo
mike etheridge::hes Missing Karls Offense  scheming  bad
mike etheridge::my bad Chicago
mike etheridge::every time he went inside last nite NY was swatting him His swag is on Zero he needs to find it again
Eric52193::He wanted to play on Broadway.
mike etheridge::dont be mad at me cuz ur Lips got Punked in their own house
Young Money Baller::yoo mike shut up
mike etheridge::go suck Blakes ....
Young Money Baller::yooo $@%! it
mike etheridge::nice win Nuggs my Lakes r guna have to play Solid to get the W
applefrank::New York traded away a developing star for trash. Melo is a mess, and Gallinari is getting better all the time, and actually makes the players around him better. He also doesn't have to hang around murderers and gang members to feel "cool". Too bad the NBA will never give Gallinari the respect he deserves.
eightbitme::Maybe here in the states, but are you sure that he doesn't hang with mob bosses when he goes home during the off season.  :-)
BobBobb22::Melo - 10/26, 26 points, +1 Gallo - 7/10, 21 points, +24
applefrank::Some how I doubt that, only because people who root for him pay their bills instead of filling their closets with 200 pairs of shoes.
eightbitme::I also thought that, but figured I would give him the the benefit of the doubt.   Silly me  :-(
ACandOJ::I think he referring to Colored people....
eightbitme::Huh?  Filling their closets with 200 pairs of shoes??  Females don't root for Gallinari???  :-)
jcmaggi::well if he leads denver to a title that will change
permatroll::flops + whining + excuses = clippers M.O.
mbatkiew::That's the Heat's M.O. too. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jFA5vSjvzGk
mike etheridge::ALL GOOD when hes Slammin on people DENY him the Paint hes AVG JOE
mike etheridge::Correct bro Teams are gonna make him earn it
eightbitme::Tell me about it.  It was funny watching him catch the ball at the free throw line, and then fake like he was going to shoot it.  He was doing that all night, and not once did anyone fall for it.  :-)
mike etheridge::just saw on Sportscenter BLAKE crying about the hard foul last nite BIG BABY MAN UP  teams are gonna start making him hit them FTs
mike etheridge::Pump ya Brakes Clipper Nation  Watch LAs REAL team get the Nuggets tonight GO LAKERS Talkin all that trash on the Board last nite
knicks_11::I'M NOT trying to be a a$$hole or anythinq. or trying to say the knicks are better. than the nuggets. but The nuggets are winning right now. WHich is a fact. and they are better than the knicks. But During Playoff time. i dont see this team winning games at all. moreover a series.
Broncman17::Sour grapes????
BobBobb22::You're entitled to your opinion.  However, the Nuggets will be one of the top three seeds and will have a great chance to get past the first round.  Knicks aren't even in the playoff hunt right now...
GoTaliek::Isn't it awesome to see the Nuggets doing better without Carmelo Anthony??????
Broncman17::Melo who???
MTN_HIGH_CO::Should have won last week against the Clippers too.  All-Star treatment from the refs is B&gt;S&gt;
Broncman17::I keep hearing these Nuggs need a "Go to" guy, but why?? Someone different seems to step up each game. It's called team basketball and it's fun to watch..
91Gmoney9009::Should I drop Caron Butler from my fantasy team?
tbIce33::it's cool to see a team like Denver succeed. people thought that losing Melo would kill them,,,whoops.  These guys remind me of the 04-08 Pistons.
28denverfan::04-08 pistons minus defense plus offense
Clipshow07::Nugs gave us a beatdown last night! Embarrassing to lose that badly on your home court! I really Like Ty Lawson's game. The Nugs have 4X as good as a bench as us and I'm afraid that is going to be the difference down the stretch.
