James::Well, the formula is there for everyone to see. Putting KG, fresh from a couple of minutes on the bench, back in the game at the end was key. So was getting AK back in there. AK is so important because he can put up resistance on the inside and still get out to defend on the perimeter. But most of all the collective experience that the Nets can put out there is why they need to slow down the ball and look to get into tight ball possession type end game situations. I thought Jason did an excellent job tonight and the formula is taking shape. Don't run too much, please, the Nets do not want the opponent to get to the hundreds. Go Nets!!!
David::Some very ugly basketball. The Warriors need to run on the Nets more. If the Warriors move themselves and the ball quickly, the top nets veterans like Paul Pierce and Kevin Garnett will not be able to keep up with them the whole game. Hustle Warriors! They just can match you; and you will get your chances too. Protect the ball too. Don't drive with no opening and no plan into the heart of the Nets defense. The old pros can make you look bad, and they are tall. Move the ball around the outside. Do not telegraph your passes. Take mid-range shots too. When the nets start to come out on you, then you can drive.
Prof::As soon as Andrew Bogut was taken out for a rest, the game completely changed.
clark::Break up the Nets!  Alright, not yet.  More and more, Pierce seems slow and greatly affected by age and change of team
Alvordton::I was waiting for this. Team wins ten straight. They come very close to doing what NO team had ever done. But they lose on the last day of a thirteen day road trip on a back to back night during some of the crappiest weather seen in the Midwest in many years having played more road games than any team in the NBA to this point and some so called "fans" are #$%$ about the loss.  There is no way around this. You are lazy dumb jerks that know nothing about sports, especially life on the road in the NBA. The Warriors have been terrific and given their youth will get better. Going forward will conversely have more home than anyone in the NBA. I like what they have done and where they look like they are head. You bozos can go the H3ll.
Dave::This would be a great win for the nets, particularly with Williams out.  It would also send them into the Heat game on Friday feeling good, which would increase the chances that they'll be competitive in that game as well.
doomshades::The Splash Brothers' shooting percentages are continuously declining as the season goes on.
schmoe::Curry has been a turnover machine this year. He needs to pass it off more.
David::I should add that the quick shots on offense are often leading to quick transition baskets in the other direction. If you tire the Nets out on offense by moving the ball (and your players), they will not even have the energy to take the ball up the court quickly in transition.
nellver::The Warriors would have a better record if not for turnovers. Curry is a better SG than PG. Hope they are serious about getting Andre Miller, a true PG. He knows how to take care of the basketball. Even though he's past his prime, he knows the fundamentals, the iron horse of basketball.
