John Martin::Curry one rebound short of second straight triple double. Thompson another bad shooting night, 5-16 and 3-12 from 3 point range. He is killing the Warriors by taking and missing so many long distance shots.  This game should have been an easy win.
Tanya Rivera::Curry  greatest shooter of all time
John Martin::Tanya:  You are an idiot.
Tanya Rivera::Well john martin that's just mean!
Jamie Brentwood::Tanya I think you are right. And John is mean!
Nick Macnee::Waiters is SO bad. Their last 3 picks in Thompson, Waiters and Bennett are al awful. Hell, I'd do a trade for JR Smith with Waiters and Jack if I were the Cavs, thats how bad he is and get rid of that stupid contract they gave to Jack.
Dillon Bailey::really? have you watched any other cavs games this year or just this one?
Terence Randolph::Waiters is the third leading scorer in the NBA off the bench, and #1 in the east. Hes shooting a decent 44%, and gets a nice 3 baords and assis per. SO bad.
Tim Pruitt::If you actually want JR Smith on your team you are out of your mind.
James Aaron Sharp::No playoffs for the Cavs and Kyrie shouldn't be an All-Star when his team is 10 games under .500
Terence Randolph::The Cavs are only 3 games out of the 5th seed, lol. They still have a ton of room to grow (least experienced team in the league in games played, 2nd youngest in average age, new offensive and defensive philosophies due to new coaching staff, 4 rookies). They also have more deal ammo (Six 1st rounders over the next three years and ton of cap space once Bynum is waived or traded) than any team in the league.
Phillip Paradiso::Nice win GS
Yipeng Sun::What do y'all think of this trade? http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=mtgm27z
Ian Melendres::the dream machine :)
Shanny Salcedo::Knicks would win that trade by a large margin but probably still suck lol
Harold Nations::This game explains everything one needs to know about the Dubs this year: they have to eek out an OT win over a team that's now 10-20.  My prediction: they lose the last game of their road trip to the Nets!
Wayne Polk::The Cavs are good at home. Plus they had just lost 4 or 5 straight. They were gonna give the Warriors all they could handle. Besides, didn't Portland eek out a win against Cleveland recently?
Martín Polanco::Come on Warriors let's get back on track. Let's take care of the basketball we can't afford no more turnovers. And no more easy points in the paint for the CAVS.
Chad Wiggins::curry is killing the dubs... barnes was wide freeking open a couple of plays ago... he just looked him off
James Imai::top 10 in scoring and number 2 behind only chris paul in assists and is the team leader in steals. yeah, curry is killing the warriors.
Wayne Polk::WHAT??? Curry is killing the Dubs??? Look at his #'s this season.  Thompson and Barnes are the two that need to get it going.
Mike Woolley::This game is over... Warriors walked in thinking it was a easy win... Cleveland easily going to win this
Sawyer Fletcher::nope haha
Victor Adamson::aaaaaaaaa   ooops
Steve J Nissenson::NEVER give up on the Warriors!  Because they don't give up on themselves #allheart
Peter Peterr::Warriors are very good when their top 7 players playing...Let's get this win to start the road trip
Mang Artemio::gsw can't cover the lines on the road even if they're against a below .500 team.... stupid
Mang Artemio::this is the problem with gsw in the road, they can't win easily even to below .500 teams...
Sawyer Fletcher::still won
Mang Artemio::Sawyer Fletcher im talking about the betting odds here
Sawyer Fletcher::Mang Artemio u need to be specific w/ ur comment then
Steve Tellers::Well done Warriors, good defense in the second half and OT!!!!!!!!!!!!
Victor Adamson::Whoever bets on NBA games is stupid. You think there was only one ref that fixed games??  LOL
Brandon Tigues::huge shot from kyrie but man the cavs need to learn how to close these games in regulation
Mang Artemio::mark jackson is going small.... put back bogut in for defense and rebounds...
Mang Artemio::gsw knows  how to play with the lines already.... you'll karma soon
Kerryonne DukeBoy Bowens::Big Kyrie Irving fan but he needs to dothan just score the ball.
John Martin::Kerryonne:  27 points and 9 assists--that is outstanding.  Stick to studying and don't post anymore,
Kerryonne DukeBoy Bowens::10-20 not outstanding. With all the high picks that came their way and being 10-20 allstars dont play like that. I see you about numbers.
Marvin Garcia::Nice start Warriors!! Worthless!!
Brett Reid::and some people believed they were contenders..
Steve J Nissenson::Brett Chopper Reid Like contenders ALWAYS blow out lesser teams? the Heat just lost to the lowly Kings. They got the win that's all that matters.
Wayne Polk::Worthless? Make that 5 wins in a row. Your comment is worthless.
Chad Wiggins::mess around and get a tech there dumbmond green
Steve J Nissenson::LMAO and it's 'dumbmond' that wins the game!! HAAAAAHAAAAA
Mike Woolley::Golden State really stinkin this game up!
Mang Artemio::the refs are not calling foul on the gsw.....
Mike Woolley::WTF IS WITH THE 3 POINT SHOTS GOLDEN STATE?
Mike Woolley::Anybody home GS? Guess not... Bums
