patcongdon::Well that was what we needed! The Detroit Pistons had three great players today they were Monroe Double-Double with 32pts Prince 28pts ,and Stuckey 35pts other than those other three guys we had 29 points. If Monroe, Prince, and Stuckey did not play by the coaches descision or was injured, and three of the four of the guys that didn't play we're in, and then all of them had 0 pts we would've had a rotten game and would've lost by 85 pts.
williamebonybrick::Let's just face facts  IT&gt;&gt;jimmer   in all around NBA ready game  Still I would like to see at least one game where they start together. What is there to lose?
bamberg1977::Stuckey is a real solid player, but he's still a ball stopper. He gets assists, but mostly one on one, not really part of the offense.  Of course, nights like this he's a big lift, but on average nights I wonder if he really makes a team better.   Anyway, he's shown improvement, if he continues to grow a jumper and starts putting more touch on his finishing he'll be more consistent, and then he'll be a very good player.
BubbaSpiker::Couple of hours left.  Trade Jimmer!
marcpru60::Stuckey sure has been giving his haters some "shut the heck up" pie. I know I am full and done being negative about him. I was wrong. Dead wrong.
DetroitSportsFan90::Great win still 3 games out of the playoffs!
jebbyman::I wonder how long Keith Smart can hide his racism by pretending to offer tough parenting to Jimmer with meaningless playing time.  He never gave Jeremy Lin a chance either.  A few garbage minutes for a white point guard to appease the crowd.  An Asian point guard?  Hell, no.
sf_giants_freak::Hey look someone has already pulled out the race card... Congrats you're a moron!
JewZZology::Is it really smart, mormons, to call Smart a racist?
BubbaSpiker::Is it really smart to assume that everyone that doesn't like Smart or calls him a racist is Mormon?
trademarktaz::Bwahaha Pistons &gt;&gt;&gt; All
screwhead2305::watch out for Pistons next season.. Brandon Knight is gonna be a good one..Monroe and Stuckey.. depends what they do with Prince
aaahustla::told u pistons would win, all the way back to the 2nd quarter when they were down 15, kings have a weak heart.
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::Well it sucks to lose but it happens. GN all GO KINGS!
cuckercrazy::howard asking for nash if he's gonna stay... could be lethal.. rest of the league better watch out for orlando http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::that would be scary if they got him and kept anderson
somethingtosay002::I'm a grown man, with a grown man's job, who's been ignoring the crucial take home work wasting time typing on this board - which I've enjoyed very much.  Good night to you all.
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::haha have fun, GN
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::To the jimmer fans who get seriously angry and even call smart racist when jimmer doesn't get PT.  I get why you are upset, you like jimmer and want to see him do well. You know how good he was and college and so do I. You don't have to be happy with smart because neither am I. What upsets me is that you go over the top when he doesn't get enough PT and just refuse to root for the team when he is on the bench(chad said that). I get you want him to do what he did in college but he isn't doing it as a rookie. You can continue to be super annoying(which you probably will be) but I just wanted to get this off my chest.
JacobyJ4::somethingtosay002, ... any true kings fan is going to be frustrated with team right now man... regardless if its Jimmer's time or the sheer lack of assists... why are we so terrible at passing the ball... any time we get on a roll as far as passing goes we run the score up... we have tons of capable shooters who if they were all unselfish would be impossible to defend.. and what irks me about it is that Smart seems fine with the lack of team play...
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::yeah right now it's hard to watch 3 straight l's and the reason it sucks is min management and some selfish play.
chadwi12::and for the record i hate watching this team as is..... anyone who knows good basketball would feel the same way.... i care much more about jimmer than i do the coach trying to screw him up... he seems like a fish outta water.... if i am rooting for the kings when smart is obviously benching him,  and they play well, guess what, smart wins... he gets to continue doing it....over and over again... i could never root for thorton or evans... they are two of the most selfish miserable to watch players that i have ever seen.. cousins is selfish to.... fredette, he's not..... i dont like the kings... i like fredette... the kings didnt hit 52 in vegas when i flew all the way from NC to sit three rows up.... fredette did.... all the kings organization has done has officially smothered out a MANIA..... its fun watching fredette play.... its no fun watching this shiz.... u would think after a while of watching this shiz u might want to see something else as well... now i know happy u will say u do but this and but that.... seriously though, u have no clue, what ur giving ur ok to.... there is more than meets the eye here.. that im sure of
chadwi12::i promise u that u and this selfish situation get equally frustrating... espn is  a big time sports site.... my thinking is if make a big enough stink, and am not rediculous in trying to prove my point, then maybe ill help spark something that gets him either traded or more time.... if i was coach or a player or a GM and i wanted to know the fans out look on me or my team, i would go to one place to see what people are saying.... u can tell me how stupid i am all u want... i know im  not... i watch every game... i loved bball long before i loved jimmer so while i watch as a jimmer fan, i watch moreso as a fan of basketball... when thomas was balling and the team was being competitive, u can go back and see that i was never bashing him.... i know when fredette is getting flat out out played... lately that wasnt that case, yet smart has again put him in a position of wondering what in the hell he has to do to get a fair shake... im sorry i annoy.... but im as much a jimmer fan as u r a kings fan... i wanted it to work out where i could love both... smart has made sure thats not going to happen.... im gonna speak out when he makes moves that seem more than off base.... sorry... also keep in mind that i dont think jimmer is ready to be an allstar, just ready to be hooked up with a coach who acts like he trust and believes in him... i want him away from this guy.... asap....
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::watching the kings is tough to do at times but I do because I'm a loyal fan and would root for them if they had 0 wins. I get you love watching jimmer and HATE HATE HATE the kings it just gets annoying to hear all the time.
somethingtosay002::Happy, you're a rock on this board representing the true Kings fans (though I'm not sure there are many of you :-)).  You'll have to do your job and let other's comments roll off your back, especially Chad's, who makes us all groan at times.
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::can't we all just get along? :)
chadwi12::save all the bs and just put   TO MY GOOD FRIEND CHAD
DickTrickle1200wins::Still time to veto that new arena deal and cut the future taxpayer losses.
JacobyJ4::So sick of arguing about jimmer... the kid can and will play, it sucks to see him waste away on the bench but that's the way it is... WHAT MATTERS IS the Kings have gotten flat out embarrassed the last two games... regardless if its Jimmer or what something needs to change on this squad.. Petrie needs to mix it up... has a lot of good pieces but you have to make them fit... He needs to make some moves, so this team can find its identity... half the time the reserves outplay the starters, half the time they look like a bunch of rec ballers, each trying to play 1 on 5, and the same goes for the starters... you have to have roleplayers that do other things than shoot!!
JacobyJ4::Other than chuck hayes who I love
PrinceofDetroit28::How bad is the King's defense? The Pistons have one of the worst offenses in the league. Wow!
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::Kings are not going to the playoffs so we might as well just play our rooks and try out different ideas(Jimmer and IT starting together) instead of the norm. If we try different idea and lose the rest of our games who cares? we will get a high pick? We need to get ready for 2012-2013 because 2011-2012 will not go after 66 games. Jimmer isn't just getting the shaft, the whole team is messed up because he has 0 clue on how to give min consistently.
JacobyJ4::/agreed!  You really cant establish confidence in any player who you will bench for a game and play 25 for another... its a weird rotation... am I the only one who feels like Smart is trying to reinvent the wheel??  There is a reason coaches play guys consistently... they have to get used to whatever role they are in... you cant constantly juggle the rotation and expect good results...
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::yep
somethingtosay002::I'm with you.  Somebody get the Maloof's on the phone and tell them our board will take the reins for a few nights :-)
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::lol
chadwi12::and let me mention this.... in two blowout terrible losses.... jimmers plus minus ihas been -2 last night, and 0 tonight.. all together he played 24 min.... in these two terrible games, while fredette played 24 min of basically even basketball
chadwi12::very good post jacoby... where have u been... i agree with everything u just said....
JacobyJ4::Jimmer is not playing the position Jimmer is used to playing... smart will not allow him to play the one which is like taking away his left hand and asking him to go play... he can handle.. sure he needs to tighten it up a little but that comes with experience... experience that smart does not seem to want to give him... Isaiah is playing well cant fault him for that I just think some serious movement needs to happen for this team to win.. too many people need to shoot in sacramento trades are needed to balance this squad!  Regardless if you like jimmer or not the pieces are not fitting Jimmer is better than he is getting minutes for and they either need to make room or trade him for a defender who is only a passer so the other guys can shoot everything they touch.
chadwi12::ummmm sklater u genius u, why would i want to use it when it doesnt benefit MY ARGUMENT lmfao...
chadwi12::has everybody forgotten how good he was playing with the exception of these last two games where he got the shaft... if u dont like fredette because he's mormon or white, just tell me and ill stop wasting my breathe... if not do u really think his time was fair tonight... and happy that  smart is bad with dividing min is not gonna fly.. he's a coach... thats his main job... to know whats going on and who deserves to play... my point is this, after these two games, ur right he is terrible at it for whatever reason,.... and the team is sufffering greatly because of it... he's a terrible coach... he looks dumb as dirt...
JBurhenn253::if all we have to do to get you to stop wasting your breath is tell you we hat jimmer because he's white or a mormon than so be it. I hate jimmer because he is white and a mormon. there stop talking
chadwi12::not in games like these two... it shows that while the team was being competitive with him on the floor, he was being yanked like he was the problem
YodaSucks::I am not saying Jimmer shouldnt play more. I just said plus minus is dumb. I agree he should get more time, and that coach smart isnt handling the situation well. Coach Smart....more like coach DUMB! *zing*
chadwi12::funny how when fredette was starting and ave 17 a game and shooting 14 for 23 from 3, only to get back to back dnp's, the reason i was giving was because the team was not winning.... now fredette has continued to play good, and the team is being competitive in his min on the floor as opposed to getting blown out when he's not in there, but guess what, now it doesnt matter... im done good night
YodaSucks::That is why i dont like plus minus, no one uses it ever unless they have no other stat that benefits them. Also plus minus seems to be really inconsistant.
sklater::How come you only use the +- when it benefits your argument (kinda) but completely ignore it when it goes counter to what you are trying to prove?
YodaSucks::plus minus is dumb
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::yeah but +/- is overrated
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::GP MPG FGM-FGA FG% 3PM-3PA 3P% FTM-FTA FT% RPG APG BLKPG STLPG PFPG TOPG PPG   41 21.2 3.1-7.4 .424 1.2-3.1 .386 1.9-2.2 .868 2.2 3.1 0.1 0.7 1.5 1.6 9.4  38 19.9 2.8-7.3 .390 1.4-3.6 .385 0.9-1.0 .895 1.1 1.9 0.0 0.6 1.2 1.2 7.9  IT's on the top and jimmer is on the bottom
neilchr::Ok, and the record with IT as a starter is what?  Point being it doesn't seem to have made much difference.  I'd like to see IT, Fredette, Thornton, Cousins, and Thompson play together with Salmons coming in for Fredette or IT as needed.  I'd like to see Evans screwing up some other team.
neilchr::Exactly.  We just have no clue at this point, which when you are 14-29 seems to be a problem.  What we DO know is that Thornton and Evans do not equal wins.  Cousins is a monster and potential all star as long as he doesn't go mental at some point.  He needs smart players around him (that'd NOT be Thornton and Evans together).
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::I like jimmer as a bench player but would like to see them start to see how it goes and if it works then keep it going
YodaSucks::I would like any combination of IT and Jimmer as starters, even if that means IT, jimmer, Honeycutt, Salmons, and Garcia. With Jimmer bringing the ball up
neilchr::I'd take that as well.  One of them, either Evans or Thornton has to go though.
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::I'd like IT, Jimmer, Cousins, Thompson, and Evans instead.
somethingtosay002::Jimmer's stats look similar to his freshman year in college.  So, I guess you're trying to say he'll be league MVP in 3 more years?
chadwi12::something to be said for isiahs min coming as a starter, getting in grooves, and handle'ing the ball the majority of the game.... lately until these last two games, fredette had been playing equal, if not better on the regular... i dont think thomas shouldnt play... i just think fredette deserves better than the shiz his loving coach dealt him tonight
johnnyx2011::TANK TANK TANK
yabbadetroit7169::DEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEETROIT BBBBBBBBASKETBALLLLLLLLLLL
somethingtosay002::It is tough to argue that you're keeping Jimmer on the bench for his defensive liability when you just gave up 124 to the Pistons without him playing.  He has shown potential to score big.  If you're losing (2-6 in March), why not try him more minutes to see what happens?
chadwi12::u sound like my nephew.. he does the same thing.... he likes to go read all my commments to get a good tickle
chadwi12::where were all of u when i was battling these jokers solo all night.... :-)
somethingtosay002::I don't get to see many games, but I still keep an eye on box score when I can.  I also log on to this board on my phone just for the comments of all of you (pro and con Jimmers) - very entertaining stuff.  I can't comment when I'm monitoring on the phone.
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::I agree with you, but people don't need to go insane when he doesn't get a lot of time. He IS still a rookie
neilchr::Because that'd make sense.
CheerstoLilWayne::Did the Pistons trade for cousins yet??? no? *looks down at watch* ...how about now?
YodaSucks::Celts give up J o'neil, Greg stiemsma, chris wilcox for DMC and Fredette is a trade i want to see. But i realize this is ridiculous, so dont mind me. I can dream cant i
yabbadetroit7169::def no lol
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::DMC for Monroe and Knight
CheerstoLilWayne::not that desperate lol.
CheerstoLilWayne::HAHAHAHAHA...no.
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::treezy you get on IT padding his stats yet all you care about is jimmer getting good stats win or lose
chadwi12::yea and ur point is.....treezy can twist it however he wants ... its not important whether  treezy is being just,  it is however important for a coach to be just....
johnnyx2011::Good job Kings! Since you can't make it to the playoffs anymore, might as well tank your games and protect your first round pick so maybe you can get a higher pick if the lottery pops out right.
johnnyx2011::They really do but the GM sucks at making changes, drafting, and trading.
CDH11153::They need to make some roster changes...... I don't see this getting fixed by any one in the draft....
chadwi12::u guys are right... im only hear to watch fredette....  as i would never choose to tune into utter shiz taking place in sacramento, here in NC, u guys can say what u want, but after the way fredette was playing, to put him again right back in this position is uncommon.... add to that the fact that this team has sucked shiz completely in the process, and u would think it would have fans upset...  not this crew.... my fav is when u bozos think its actually possible for a fredette fan who would never choose to watch this garbage otherwise, to put the kings first while the franchise yanks him back each time he takes two steps foward... whatever, ill end with this. how's the season going thus far... that winning that is so important... hows that going.... u will never win playing this way... its garbage basketball.....
YodaSucks::No one hates jimmer except the idiots like Infram and lockerseahawker, or other people on teams. Most people like him, they are just annoyed by people, tonight that is you, that act like he is entitled to as much PT as possible and that he is the answer to everything. Yes i think he should play more, but i think he needs to prove it and earn them.
chadwi12::yeah keep trying to fit in with the idiots that hate u and jimmer..... jugs ur daddy should find u and slap the taste out of ur mouth u pussssspot...... and ill put as many periods as i want.... u would be the one to try to take this back to 6th grade english.... find a friend and play school on ur own time u freeking sissy... this is an espn forum....
tjugs6::One period suffices. Also being on a losing team, in a losing environment, in my opinion, is much more detrimental to a career than getting minutes in your rookie year.
YodaSucks::Yeah i think people seem to forget that he is a rookie. He isnt gonna come out and score in bunches like he did in college right off the bat. He needs to develop, and as a rookie fans shouldnt think he is entitled to huge amounts of playing time. I would love for him to get a lot of playing time, but i am biased, and he needs to earn them.
treezeyforsheezey::Chad is right.
YodaSucks::treezey is right.
treezeyforsheezey::Looks like IT did some good stat padding this game.
chadwi12::i know u werent.. jk
chadwi12::treezy u better not be talking to me
treezeyforsheezey::Oh you're back! I was wondering if you had a life or not.
chadwi12::u need to put all ur boo's where they belong.... ur team....heres a headline. jimmer rides pine past two games while kings show what they can do without him.....
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::boo hoo
wrecko22::fix ball
rhowe982::Keith Smart stinks, and his players stink as well. The city cut their own wrist when they let RIck A go. Kings are queens of the NBA
samerzz16::shaq said it best
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::troll
YodaSucks::Lakers are gay
rhowe982::NO if i was a troll i would be trolling on the Lakers boards. Rick has the Wolves playing great. Keith Smart got wasted by the Warriors last night. The Warriors and the Pistons. Serious calling me a troll. Maybe i live in Elk Grove and i am sick of what the Kings have done the past few years
sykog::good things dont happen when Jimmer and Isaiah are both on the bench
neilchr::I would REALLY like to see both of them play together but Smart apparently knows best.  We already know what happens when Evans, Thornton, and Thomas play together.  I'd really like to see the two young guns play together and find out if we have something or not.  This is just more of the same crap over and over and over again.
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::yep
Im a nice guy seriously::Congradulations Kings Defense, you just made Rodney Stuckey and Tayshaun Prince look like the new Westbrook/Durant
CDH11153::They Just got whooped on at home by a 15 win team who has 4 road wins!!!!!! SOMETHING NEEDS TO CHANGE!!!!!
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::Stuckey always kills us and Prince made a lot of tough shots. Kings beat Durant and Westbrook btw
CDH11153::WWWWWWWWWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
rhowe982::Mike D is available Sacramento and you don't play any d so fire your useless coach and bring in a coach whom will allow the team to have a coach who got their team to the playoffs before. Smart is not the Smart answer!
Drew0288::I liked the non-handshake between the two coaches at the end of the game...
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::monroe padden for my fantasy team, lovve ya
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::Heat lose to the roseless bulls lolol
Inframzah::Jimmer's fault.
arsenal1470::Kings are rolling in the deep ....
tjugs6::On behalf of Jimmer fans I would like to apologize for Chad. We arent all this way. I would like to see the Kings succeed even if Jimmer doesnt get his PT. I dont think Smart is a racist, I dont think IT is worse than Jimmer, I dont think the Kings should do everything to make sure Jimmer is successful. I just hope that he learns every time on the floor and helps his team win. Once again my apologies on behalf of (I hope most) Jimmer fans.
YodaSucks::I am a Jimmer fan, and yes i feel the need to apologize for Chad at least once a night. Sometimes i agree, but everynight there is at least one instance. I would love to see Jimmer get more PT, but i understand why he doesn't, and that IT is a good player. I like Jimmer and IT and have since college so i hope they both do well. I think Jimmer could be better utilized but I dont think if he started the team would be in a much better position. He needs to develop then hopefully he will have his time
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::didn't say all jimmer fans I said annoying jimmer fans that means all the jimmer fans that are annoying
YodaSucks::I hear ya. They annoy me also, but one thing that is most annoying is the people that hate him. I think Jimmer fans have the ability to stop talking about him at some point, like if he is doing bad. But if you hate him you never shutup, even if he has a good game. People like Infram, and Lockerseahawker, but maybe that is because i am biased.
BubbaSpiker::Once again you generalize like a little girl.
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::thanks, I think jimmer is a good bench player and hope he gets playing time to develop for next season. As a Kings fan it's tough to deal with annoying jimmer fans
chadwi12::ok socrates thanks for that
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::thanks tjugs
tjugs6::Losing can be a cancer for a career. You just get used to it and get complacent. There arent very many players who can come out of a couple years of losing and live up to their potential.
tjugs6::And then there are freaks of nature.
jfreeland88::Calvin Johnson did! he got baseball money
chadwi12::t jugs is a jimmer fan lmfao
tjugs6::As I sit here in my Jimmer jersey, looking at my degree from BYU and my tickets to last years SDSU game.
chadwi12::u aint a jimmer  fan u stupid idiot.... no fan would ever feel the need to apologize for me.....
tjugs6::I think Jimmer would like to apologize for you.
JBurhenn253::of course he's not a jimmer, a jimmer (whatever that is) doesnt exist
JBurhenn253::thanks tjugs. i agree with you completely. winning is most important
chadwi12::and yet that shiz aint happening... wow u guys are something else
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::monroe and cousins gonna become next 2 premiere centers in the league.. book it
CheerstoLilWayne::that would be weird...Monroe plays better as a PF. He's been forced to play center the past two years because we don't have a Center...which is why i would LOVE to have him a Cousins here in Detroit!
samerzz16::just imagine how much better monroe can be with him playing his natural position as PF and having Cousins as a C for detroit.  now that would be a true playoff team
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::booked
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::thanks bruhh
CDH11153::WOW who was suppose to be guarding Stuckey!!!!!!!
CDH11153::No I don't think anyone was!!!!!!
BubbaSpiker::Must have been Jimmer.
zachdrehmann::Most likely Isaiah Thomas because he is the PG in the game. No one blames him though.
YodaSucks::yeah where is Infram say IT just gave Stuckey a 3?
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::GG Pistons, 2 pathetic home losses in a row
CheerstoLilWayne::GG to you too.
sklater::I'm thinking that Chad wants to pull a Tonya Harding on IT.
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::no on smart
BubbaSpiker::Sac fans should want to take out Smart.
Ruediculous::BK double double.
Drew0288::It'd be nice to get to 120. Never though I'd say that this season.
Ruediculous::Stuckey is playing out of his mind.
Drew0288::Kings announcers said Pistons got blown out in Utah. Check your facts, dude.
estebanpark::I must confess....  I'm the one who's been liking all of Inframzah's comments to make it seem as though liked all of his own comments
Inframzah::Don't like my comments. I can like them myself.
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::funny
YodaSucks::At least one person liked what he said.
zachdrehmann::AHAHAHAHAH
Pistons1227::good job boys
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::Chad:wahhh wahhh my jimmer doesn't play 30min and score 20 points like I thought he would in his first year. The racist coach needs to die wahhhhhhhh.
chadwi12::funny thing is, kings fans are such born losers, they are with the nightly beatdowns..... dont even care
