Aktion Pak::brooklyn nets will look good if this team is built 10 years ago; nets commentators comparing this nets to the heat when they first played together they have no idea what they're talking about. brook lopez is the only young asset on this team, d-will is only 29 but he's not the jazz d-will like he used to be and never will be. I expect d-will to be dealt after this season's end, this is a wrong experiment. this year's nets are like last year's lakers, pure old talent with bunch of nobodies. not the right way to buy a championship
DADA::First, expectation with the Nets are High. Second, we all thought that when they brought in Pierce, Garnett along with Jason Terry this team has a chance to win it all.   Third, Jason Kidd can teach Deron Williams how to lead a team.  What has happened so far.   Age has taken its toll from the guys from Boston.  Injury has plagued the young guys.   Expected deep bench werent effective.  I think Kirilenko lost his tenacity.   Deron Williams is still overrated. Kidd has to man up and handle this team well. Kidd is well known for distributing the ball effectively, but this team is all me, me,me...   This game could have easily won by Nets, but they just ran out of gas.
Silver Surfer::It's clear that the bench was the problem last year, and the Blazers have done much to acquire stronger, more reliable support for their starters. Finally, LA and Dame get longer stretches of rest on the bench -- a must to withstand the punishing full season. Go, Rip City!
timeout::How the BKN wins the title if they can't make it to the playoff? It's OK to have a dream. But it has to be reasonable. Otherwise, it'd be a joke.
seth::Nice to see Livingston finding a new (welcome) home.
Amir::I enjoyed watching Blazers at 4am from Europe, it really worth to stay awake even i am not fan, Mo is exactly what they missed. Even Brooklyn bench players have only scoring in their mind, they need 3 balls in one attack to make them all happy. First round of playoff is max Nets can achieve looks like.
Iron::Waste of money, they just show up to get paid. I said this at the beginning when they played Miami and Paul bumped LBJ So hard was a sign of "running out of gas"
Jay L::I just do not understand how you spend all this money on big name players and then hire a noob coach to try and pull it all together. If they had hired George Karl, they would be playing more of a team game.
chuck d::Wasted a lot of money on Garnett and Pierce
gary::The old guys couldn't compete.
