Tanya Rivera::Curry going to run the heat off   there home floor curry  4  mvp
Nicklaus BigBookbag Little::well, im not gonna take your word for it because you cant use the correct "their" in this situation.....
Weston Carr::funny shti right there.. seeing curry always blows vs the heat.
Alan Ogg::chill out guys, shes a fat spurs fan. still sad about the 2013 finals. maybe next time your players should try rogaine... *cough* manu
Eric Timney::Warriors fan or not you have to appreciate the human torch Steph Curry. Kid is fun to watch
No Names James::Exactly
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::how is lebron the best player in the world without refs?? he sucks at 3.. (streaky) mid range (so so) he cant handle the ball... his only a freaky athelete.. so what.
Robert Hawley::how is shooting 42% from 3 "sucky"? you conveniently forget his passing ability and his defensive skill. and being a freaky athlete making him a better player isn't a bad thing lol. you act as though shooting 60% from the field while taking about 6 jump shots a game (nearly half his shots) is easy.
Aking Balintataw::troll alert!
Gene Boutelle Sanger IV::Totally agree he is also the biggest cry baby in sports the refs always favor him he has no legit ring it's all do to the refs and NBA  cheating for cry baby james
Okala Oduigwe::What a shot by curry over lebron
Charles Simpson-Brown::Congrats to the Dubs!  Really wanted the heat to win this one but Steph and Lee were simply remarkable.  Can't wait until they meet at oracle!  This would be a crazy NBA finals matchup, Heat vs Warriors 2014? :)
Marcleen Bavogui::yea wont happen
Daymeon Craig::Sorry the heat won't  be there
Charles Simpson-Brown::Daymeon Craig lemme guess the toronto raptors will be the eastern conference champions? :P
Jonathan James Bresnihan::If it's close at the end, the referees will find a way to make sure their boys win. That's why Golden State has to keep their foot on the gas and win big.
Fabian Garza::It looks to me that the refs are the ones keeping the GS lead intact.
Jeff Lewis::bull crap Fabian,warriors are outplaying Miami!
Kemala Martin::Fabian U should clean the stupid out of your eyes, it's blurring your vision.
Martin Thomas::I am the biggest WARRIOR'S Fan east of the Mississippi River. I live in Kentucky.  MIAMI is ALWAYS on a network when playing!  Now that the WARRIOR'S are playing the MIAMI HEAT....this game is not being televised!  SHEESH!   I Was looking forward to a great game on TV! Totally disgusted with the networks for always airing B.S. games!
Nils Headley::Not to rub it in but you're missing a heck of a game.
Alec Legg::first row sports. life saver.
John Hutchens::Lakers, Celtics, Knicks
Leland Wong::Comparing LBJ to MJ is a joke, LBJ is so many times better. Even with all the crap that MJ got away with, LBJ is far superior.
Pascal Peng Qin::U R A JOKE RATHER THAN MJ ~
Charles LeBeau::Leland is perhaps too young to remember MJ…?
Jonathan James Bresnihan::MJ never lost in the finals you pinhead
Cj Pasion::Good night Miami!! Sleep well to the gentle sounds of 3s raining down!!!!
Yoonki Ethan Park::Too many NBA games. Don't care. Busy listening to Alabama crying.
Eric Howard::David Lee  is a hell of a player
Daniel McKenzie H-Berg::Respect to Lebron and D wade for the respect they showed curry in their post game statements. It shows they are real ballers when they recognize game without having to sugar coat it
Victor Adamson::Nice game W's.  Had to shoot light outs and did it...  Now on to watching Role Crap get beat.....hahahahah
Aking Balintataw::LBJ back again to his old self.... stinking at outside shots...
Giannis Berbeis::When did he change to something else?
Marcleen Bavogui::u leave golden state shoot over 50% from 3 LMAO CALL IT A GAME
Darryl McMillon::Marcleen - MIA didn't "let" the Dubs shoot +50%. The Dubs earned that % on the floor. Your lack of respect for their game is showing.
Marcleen Bavogui::Darryl McMillon lack of respect are u kidding gtfoh.. i dint say they dint deserve to win.. i said u leave  a team shoot 50% from behind the arc u can call it game.. how is that a disrespect.. smh moron
Al-Jaleel Sawab::If Steph Curry is himself they'll win
Mickey Hughes::If Mia's healthy & remotely themselves they win
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Mickey Hughes No chance, Warriors are Miami's toughest western conference foe to date this season
Marcleen Bavogui::Al-Jaleel Sawab toughest u kidding me ? they went into portland who is the best western conf team and beat them on their own floor without lebron.. and u telling me this will be their biggest challenge.. and they dont have a chance if everyone is healthy.. do a better job next time if u want to troll..
William Cutting::Biggest myth of the 21st century:  "LeBron can carry a team by himself to a championship"
Keon Shakespeare::Biggest myth of the 20th century: " A player can win a ring by himself"
Marcleen Bavogui::same can be said about everybody including jordan.
William Cutting::Marcleen Bavogui  Really? Talking to LeBron fans they seem to think LeBron does it all by himself and Wade and Bosh are just role players tagging along
Michael Montez::CUE: The quarter-long trip to the charity stripe for Miami. Whistle. Repeat as necessary.
Genya Kilimnik::Lol as much as people complain about the Heat getting all the call's I see them miss a lot of calls. Norris Cole was just slapped in the face - no call. My point is that stuff happens all the time.
Robert Hawley::Genya Kilimnik exactly but most people can't see past their own bias
Daymeon Craig::This game doesn't matter it's only January right heat fans?
Jason Benjamin Poag::Curry wore them boys out.
Leland Wong::Heat will win this game , they have LBJ and Bosh has played the last two weeks. He has stayed clean.
Cali Native::I definitely like your analysis,.  You should work for ESPN.
Demetrius Falconstakeflight Roberts::Bosh has stayed clean? I didn't know he has or had a drug problem smdh
Lukha Qangule::'twas a good win for the miami heat lol
Paul Slattery::Warrior nation! Yea that's right heat fans.... tell us how this game didn't matter cause the champs only turn it on when it counts... hows that Bosch contract looking these days? Ready for a dismantling of your team due to the luxury cap? Hope you all had a good look at what a complete legit west conference team looks like... we've played more road games and more west conference teams than any team in the NBA to date and now... finally... on the road... we feast on the east! GO WARRIORS!
Marcleen Bavogui::how did it matter again?? great win for the dubs. but again how did it matter? did this win change the fact that both teams will be in the playoffs?
Charles Simpson-Brown::the heat do underestimate the ability of a lot of 7th seeds....
Demetrius Falconstakeflight Roberts::Calm down Slattery, no playoff spots have been determined...April is nowhere near close
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Warriors are on a high right now, 7-1 in last , 6 game streak, and they also won in Miami last year. Warriors 104 Heat 99
Travis Pittson::heat arent ready for the dubs. curry drops 30+. draymond green x-factor, switching w/ iggy guarding lebron..  warriors +4 is a lock. im taking dubs moneyline tho!
Martin Thomas::The line is now Miami -5!  I concur, heat are not ready!
Demetrius Falconstakeflight Roberts::Travis, I could see if the Warriors are fighting for a playoff spot in the month of April but bruh it's ONLY January
Lukha Qangule::Lol yes!!! Thank you
Wayne Polk::Didn't somebody say Curry wouldn't go for 30+?
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Hey Heat fans, I was right ....... Curry 36 and 12
