Lakeger::#$%$ with DA. Once again gave to JH just 7 minutes after a 21 points from him last night. D Antoni might have brain black outs. He takes Jordan out, and forget he's in the bench. Could anyone explain why DA does that?. I don't F... get it. Jordan is the best offensive re-bounder in the team and leave him out. A mediocre team out-rebound them really ugly. 18 offensive rebounds to 4. That PsMeOff. Many 7 footers available in the team, but D Antoni just don't realize it. I remember when DA came to LA to coach, he said that if Lakers wasn't scoring 110-115 points a game, they have a problem. And I can count with my fingers the times Lakers have scoring that many points, in the Antoni's tenure. He really sucks
Rodney's sister::That fool brother of mine spends so much time in the Laker comment board. When he's not doing that he's looking at the porno on the computer. What a pervert!!
Rodney's sister::Rodney, where are you? I need you to wash my dirty underwear today!
Jeff T::I am laker fan since 79.  I have to admit that I don't think any laker GM has been faced with a rebuilding process which will simply come from aging players. If you think about it, Magic left in his prime. The rebuilding came as a result of losing him. This time it's been a slow painful descent to the lottery.  The way most great teams fade away. I will be interested to see mike handle this with Bryants big payday.  No rings for at least 5 years.
creep::Kobe haters are upset today. They've called an emergency meeting. A new strategy is needed. The ball hog angle don't work anymore.
Christopher Manous::Kobe looked good out there. He is improving day by day. Needs to work on protecting the ball more, but He's getting there. Give him 1 or 2 more weeks and he'll be back to himself.
Neal::Ladies and Gentlemen, Fans and Trolls, This games is in the refrigerator. The door is shut, the lights are out, the Eggs are getting cold, the butters getting hard, and the Jello is jiggling.
Vampiress::Kobe Bryant has silenced his haters today. This will continue as the season wears on.
Local Connoisseur::Lakers all day! Kobe will be a better than average player, but the thrill is gone! He doe's not have that lift nor that "it" factor anymore, he appears to be mortal after all, the "Achilles" got him. It is too bad and hard for me to accept being a lifetime Laker fan.
James::I can understand people not liking Kobe, You can't be liked by everybody. D 'Antoni and Jim Buss are killing the Lakers. A hard headed coach that thinks he knows it all and a spoiled brat that has been left a lot of money and a premier NBA franchise. Other than the Dallas Cowboys, where else does such stupidity exist.
