KiD.Clutch.35::mattnimp Who gives a da.mn he's our POINT GUARD not our SHOOTING GUARD like some teams I know  Did Wall help his team win or did Westbrook help his team win?  I.....I....I'm sorry, Im just confused.  Youre still trying to talk up Wall after hitting 3 shots.  If he isnt your SG, why is he taking 18 shots?  Also, Wall is more of a TRUE PG, Russ is a COMBO guard.
thunderupman::we will lose kevin martin. jeremy lamb is going to be groomed to take that role
KiD.Clutch.35::I dunno if im all that upset about this scenario.
MasterOfLogic::So Thunder fans, did you notice BiaSPN switched our game with a Heat-Bobcats showdown?
LilVdog88::Thats just disrespectful, Im glad those tools finally lost got tired of hearing About them
Sports_Fanatic_3::Kevin Durant is already a 3x scoring champ, he's going 4 his 4th str8 scoring title.
Matty_hans::Lamb needs to get traded.
Matty_hans::More of personal want. If he stays in OKC, he'll be an exact replica of Harden. When he leaves, I suspect in a few years he'll be putting Harden like numbers.
I worship TV::Why the hell would they do that?
Krausik::don't worry,he'll get PT next year
Strike 1 yer OUT::farm system, yeah lets just trade away TOP prospect
2PantherMed::Don't get me wrong, the12 assists were great, unfortunately Wall hit 3 shots!!  He isn't a Durant OR a Westbrook.  Sorry, deal with it.   How is Wall even 10% more skilled than Russ????  Silly.
RZA_CONSOLE::wall is a 100000% more skilled than westbrook  problem is that he has to be the durant on his team
Strike 1 yer OUT::this guy see's the 12 assists in a blowout, i get it. still tho man. not even close
Strike 1 yer OUT::Brick Wall?
Jacks_Link::LMFAO!!!!!!
2PantherMed::Happy the streak is over, but what I really want is Miami peaking too soon.  Here's to hoping!!
BlueSh1rt::so effed write now......  eeehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh  go Thunders
2PantherMed::Wiz fans early today talking  mad junk.....singing a different tune now.  Know what I'd like to see????  Wall keep it up like Russ does season after season.
BlueSh1rt::Well said.
Sugar Ray Robinson::In all seriousness what do you think Durant's PPG would be if he had a PG like Rondo or Paul on his team instead of Westbrook?
Strike 1 yer OUT::ALSO... those guy are ALWAYS injured.. RUSS never.. think about it
2PantherMed::Rondo is done for the year, Paul couldn't keep his team atop the West.  All while Westbrook and OKC are 2nd in the West and Russ is a machine.  Hasn't missed a game since being drafted.  Your irrationality dilutes any of your intelligence.  Russ is part of what makes KD and OKC so effective.  I expect you to hate him though...he likely TORCHED your favorite player.  Sweet  dreams  Sugar!!!
BlueSh1rt::Copied to clipboard.
BlueSh1rt::WOW Perfect response.
Strike 1 yer OUT::i like you
Strike 1 yer OUT::dude he'd average like 70+ points a game
Strike 1 yer OUT::...
Jacks_Link::Westbrook is a great player.
soulsnake::Wow, i remember just a couple days ago, the wiz fans were all getting hype, and how John Wall is top 3 PG.
Real Deal Beal::look at his month's stats. they've been incredible. Anyone can have a stinker, but let's see if it lasts.
Texans1095::check it out Nationals fans!! http://austinsmithwnis.blogspot.com/2013/03/2013-mlb-predictions.html
HugeAaron::When I saw the OKC Thunder make it to their first playoffs vs. Los Angeles.  I knew they were going to be a good team.
Boomtown405::I saw them play dallas at the peake when they were starting to turn that season around and thats when i realized how bright their future was.
HugeAaron::Coming from a HUGE Bulls fan, I love watching OKC play, they are very much my favorite team in the West.  I think this team has the potential of winning a championship.
Jacks_Link::Much appreciated man. I love Chicago and all the history. Great win, no, hell of a win tonight.
HugeAaron::Thanks.  Hope you guys do well in the playoffs.
Marshall7584::Even in the playoffs? im thinking he wants to trade..
Marshall7584::It would be a great matchup. Rose vs Westbrook? That would be the best. That's what im hoping for this year.
Jacks_Link::I didn't realize Noah didn't play.... Damn, that is impressive!
HugeAaron::Yeah especially withought Rose, Noah and Hamilton.
Jacks_Link::Can't wait for his return. The fact that you guys won without your star player is huge! What would it have been like with him? Scary.
HugeAaron::I would love to see that, too bad that Rose isn't going to be playing this year.
HugeAaron::That would be kind of cool to see the Bulls and the Thunder in the Finals in a few years.
Marshall7584::I love deng. He is underrated in the NBA. This is why i like the Bulls fan base.. We're always frineds. It's like we both have something linked. I feel like our teams are brothers. Haa
HugeAaron::I also love Durant and Westbrook.  They are *in my opinion* the best guard tandom in the NBA.
HugeAaron::Most of them were probably wanting you guys to kill Miami in the finals last year.
Dr_SmashU::John Wall Scores 40+ points: "I"m gonna be better then Jordan mama." John Wall goes 3-18 : "I'm only as good as Jodie Meeks."
bigmikereese::What? Unfortunate..... stupidity.
Slavlol::"Is John Wall ELITE?"
Real Deal Beal::he has been this past month til tonight.
inefekt20::wait.....Westbrook took only 8 shots?
Strike 1 yer OUT::and same results.. a  W
King-Prodigy-X::Thank You Bulls, Thank You Bulls, Thank You Bulls, Thank You Bulls, Thank You Bulls
Jamal22066::and this is why John Wall does not deserve a max contract. The guy can't shoot.
Real Deal Beal::its over, kinda wanted them to hit 34 cuz $@%! the fakers but meh :)
MorandoNoBrasil::heinrich stole boshs lunch money
MorandoNoBrasil::heinrich stole boshs lunch money
airemark::Refs really are giving Miami the BS calls
PAClark11::Thanks for the respect from the OKC fans.
amtrack5::We OKC fans are happy basketball ppl.  Small market teams generally have really good fans.
airemark::Love your team, they play with guts
AndrewOKC::mostly because we had to actually analyze the nba in the past vs just sucking a home team off
AndrewOKC::you'll actually find some of the most legitimate NBA fans here, wierd considering our short age of existence
Jacks_Link::Good game guys.
ThunderHornz::Tough, short-handed road game Wizards. I know you are better than what we saw tonight! Nice work on offensive rebou ds and second chance points!Good luck and good health!
AndrewOKC::very true.  I was hoping for a full lineup fromthe wizards.  promising team in the future with correct draft picks
ThunderHornz::They have improved through the season and have a shot at a much better season next year.
TFUID 14::Good game Wizards. Wall had a bad night but he's a special young player.  Not better than Westbrook though.
gorillaplus2000::He might be in a couple of years, different  play-styles, but both will play in future All-Star games.
Real Deal Beal::Ok that call was terrible not gonna lie
DaveOK69::Good game Wizards fans.
LilVdog88::Good game OKC
Rexanilatorz::hey Thunder fans did you guys hear that ESPN took the Pacers/Thunder game off of ESPN next Friday to show the Heat/Bobcats game this makes no sense at all.
amtrack5::ill LOL if the streak gets broken tonight.  Serves ESPN right
ShatsAndGaggles::Streak is broken. RAID THE BOARD BOYS!!!
TFUID 14::If Chicago wins tonight, they should put Pacers/Thunder back on.
Rexanilatorz::Yeah I read it from the Pacers beat writer
AndrewOKC::really??
mattnimp::Let's all go to the Heat-Bulls chat. WHO'S WITH ME!!!! lol
gorillaplus2000::Laker boards would have been fun if they had lost again :)
thunderupman::BOO YA
thunderupman::good game wizards!!!!!!!!
amtrack5::Westbrook and Durant only shot 8 and 10 times respectively.  Is that Box Score right?
thunderupman::see!!!! I just dont get jones
TFUID 14::It's not like I hate Miami. It's just that I'm sick of ESPN drooling over them. I wish it would stop.
Inframzah::Wilson Chandler &gt; Kevin Durant
TFUID 14::Like if you want Chicago to snap this streak.
AndrewOKC::I dont, if they win out till the playoffs random chance has to account for them losing a series
thunderupman::it would be nice. but it feels like wishful thinking
TFUID 14::Up by 9 with 4 minutes to go.
mattnimp::No the Spurs have to break it
LilVdog88::Wall had an off game shooting wise still a very solid game double-double
ThunderHornz::You should be proud! The offensive rebounds and second chance points were great. Exciting future I think!
gorillaplus2000::That's the key for great players. When their shot isn't falling, they find other ways to contribute.
LilVdog88::Yeah, still proud of the Wiz tonight only 8 men and they didnt quit, Wall is only going to get better
4Pokes12::lol.... here come the refs to bail out Miami.... Not a Flagrant foul
thunderupman::as long as martin asked for less then harden asked for. Im pretty sure martin will be around next year
gorillaplus2000::They will not be willing to pay near as much for Martin as they would have for Harden.
thunderupman::agreed. I think he stays
SoonerMedical::Fisher out. Lamb in.
SoonerMedical::(Forever)
4Pokes12::Okay so there is no way that Chicago can squander a 9 point lead with 4 minutes left correct.............. ????
thunderupman::Im sorry but the rare fisher 3 does not make me feel any less that lamb should get those minutes
mattnimp::Wall is a natural distributor
gorillaplus2000::He is a great distributor, has a very bright future.
TFUID 14::3-18.
mattnimp::Who gives a da.mn he's our POINT GUARD not our SHOOTING GUARD like some teams I know
thunderupman::wait until lamb is put into permanent 2nd rotation with martin. going to be crazy!!!!
gorillaplus2000::Lamb may be Martin's replacement, just depends on how much it will take to sign Martin.
TFUID 14::Martin will be gone by the time Lamb is fully developed.
Jeffy5168::lamb missed 3 posters DAMN
TFUID 14::Thunder fans, we need a big man for sure with the Raptors' lottery pick.  Who should we look at?
sportsfan0315::Like if you would rather see Lamb on the court than Fisher
TFUID 14::I'd rather see myself on the court than Fisher.
