GASC72::i dont get why some people are trying to discredit a 12 game win streak in a professional league.
SMANGANG::what i don't get is how a 12 game win streak means you've already won the championship....
ulam81::only a $@%!$@ like you wouldn't get it. No real Clipper fan acts like we won a championship. Only %!$@%!$@ Lakers fans posted such things. Real fans like us are happy about it and would definitely put ourselves in the title hunt contenders - big difference from being champ. We're after that chip and these wins says we're legit for it. Quit being %!$@%!$@.
Chester0128::Shame on Kenny Smith of TNT...I remembered when the Clippers selected Griffin 1st over all ...He compared Griffin to Randy White was drafted by the Chicago Bulls year ago....It's kind of disappointed me that someone has knowledge and IQ about the NBA but didn't respect the talent and skill for the kid...Now he still doesn't give Griffin a respect ....He claims Chris Bosh of Miami is better than Griffin .....How did Chris Bosh does when he came of the college and played for Toronto ....was Chris selected to all star as Griffin in the rookie season....Let be realistic Kenny....
ulam81::Seriously, comparing Bosh to Griffin is so dumb and out of this world. Griffin is obviously better than Bosh. More explosive, athletic and powerful than Bosh. He's very skillful with the ball off the dribble and now the shots are falling like rain. there is just no comparison anymore.
kobepac24::Congrats to the Clippers and their record win streak. As an LA Native i do not and never will claim the Clippers. However i can respect what they have done so far. The only red white and blue i stand by is the American flag. Good luck to the Clips and their fans But its Lakers all day and forever, for better or worst.
ulam81::Been with them since 05 because I also wanted to pick an underdog, AMERICA loves underdogs and Cinderella stories, and also a fact that I hate kobe and all my friends picking the Lakers. I'm have never been so happy before like the last 2 years. Life is different for us CLipppers fans.
ulam81::And the best part of this is, KObe and the Lakers suck like hell. That's the cherry on top.
mathmaticabc@hotmail.com::you gotta stand by your team...i grew up in LA too, took the Clippers on in 84 just to be different than my two older brothers, stuck with them all this time.  It is awesome to see them doing good. you have to stick with your team when they are down, make their successes that much sweeter!!!
Chester0128::People keep saying is a young season ....I am a Lakers fan but the way the Clips start out the season..we have to admit ..they are for real ...any professional sports want to jump start fast...Don't wait till late...Look @ the Angels last year or Philly Eagles this year ..people pick them to go deep but they don't even make a play off...Don't say is young season to any professional sports... the LA Hockey Kings can win the cup...so can the Clips....Don't over look the win and loose....Look how the Clips beat -up their opponents all season...all the games they have won ...they just smoked  their opponents..that included the Spurs twice and the Heats...on and on...
kobepac24::Clips look good but i still think they fall short of a Championship team. Yeah they have some wins against some great teams but most came in the first weeks of the season. Their recent schedule has been a bit soft. However a win is a win. The Clippers might be peaking a bit early. Much like the Spurs last season. I could be wrong and they may keep up this pace. But its not who's playing the best in Dec who wins the championship. Its the team that is playing best come June.
mathmaticabc@hotmail.com::their stars barely play in fourth quarters...they are the deepest most well rested team in the league!!!   We will see. i know everyone is waiting for them to be "the Clippers," but i don't see how anything but injuries is going to stop this team.(knock on wood!)
uponthemountain::Clippers over the Lakers all day!
Aroids used needles for sale::Drafting Griffin helped but Paul is the man there. He did good getting out of New Orleans
ulam81::Griffin is what brought Paul in. So Griffin is the root of the reasons so yes Griffin is the man.
nlwhittle::I would love to get into the head of coach Smart to find out what he is thinking, and then kick him as hard as I can in the brain!
PhilMikeHawk::Paul plays point guard the right way and dosent need to jack up 25 shots a game to make a huge impact ( you listening mr westbrick) his leadership and unselfishness are greater than any stat. Paul for mvp.
NumberOneCaddy::LA sport manager of the year, Sterling or Jim Bust?
SMANGANG::still should be stern!!!
mathw01::Gary Sachs, new VP of Clipper operations
09Skeet::Ned Colletti
Aroids used needles for sale::Magic
BarrelRider04::Clips now with the best differential in basketball! Shocking! Let's hope they can continue to play defense. Barnes and Bledsoe coming off the bench have been so epic on defense. If they can continue to have a desire and motivation to play defense they way they have, they are going to win a lot of games and should be able to make a deep run in the playoffs. DEFENSE is the key!
mathw01::Don't forget Grant Hill defending the stretch 4's. Even at 40 Hill is a quality defender.
09Skeet::Just wait for Ba Ba Ba BILLIPS to get healthy.  This team will be dangerous come playoffs.
James Harden 3 point Celebration::Did yall see this game!? It was like a mini allstar game for the clippers lol
GASC72::this is the problem with the clippers fans.  the calm ones, we sit back and enjoy what is happening but then there are tons of idiots popping bottles because of this win streak and talk reckless about the lakers sayin that "we" own LA and all this other nonsense..  you clipper fans who have no clue who eric piatkowski or kenny norman is, yall can get the hell outta here and put your kobe jersey back on because once something goes wrong, yall are gonna be ghost anyways
jefarr::I remember when Michael Cage played for the Clippers:)
mathw01::Nixon to Walton all night...
09Skeet::Stormin Norm Nixon was a beast back then!
mathw01::I saw my first Clip game in 84 at the SD Sports Arena when I was 10..And Loy Vaught is my all-time favorite Clipper!
GASC72::my man mathw01 knows whats up
PhilMikeHawk::Gary the "General" Grant
09Skeet::the problem is that the Clippers are going to be good until Donald Sterling decides to hold players checks and be greedy again.
mathw01::Eric "the polish rifle" Piatkowski you mean..
Dallas Five Philly Zero::when is gangsta cousinz gonna grow up?
12utahjazz32::Jimmer lead in points for the Kings for the second strait time. I think its time he got the starting job and more minutes.
mathw01::The Kings issues are way deeper than a poor defending SG. They are just lacking a lot of talent to play winning basketball.
ensign.devyn::Yeah, that's true. I wasn't saying that was their only issue, lol.  They need to play team ball, pass more, and play smarter. Their coach doesn't help much as well, his rotations are awful and he takes players out when they're hot. I think their team has a ton of talent on it, but they play selfish ball a lot of the time. When they actually pass it around, they have guys open to shoot or get to the hoop. I don't know why they go away from it. IMO there's too many ego's that are way too big on that team.
mathw01::Are we comparing Steve Nash and Jimmer? just sayin..
ensign.devyn::No, but we're saying that there are players that get significant playing time that aren't good defenders. Jimmer's offensive upside would make him worthwhile to play. I mean, is 5'8" Isiah Thomas any better of a defender than Jimmer? The Kings overall aren't a good defensive team, so they might as well go super offensive.
ensign.devyn::So the Kings can play better team defense to help out. Plenty of team's have players that get big minutes but aren't good defenders.  When Jimmer is avg 17 ppg the last 3 games, in only 20 mpg, he should be on the floor more. Ride the offensive wave while he's hot.
TeamJMack::True. Nash can't guard anyone either, just sayin
mathw01::He can't defend anyone..That's what limits his minutes.
missoulamt::he had 3 steals.  this nonsense about him not being able to guard anyone is a joke.  his defense isn't great, but it's good enough for him to get 20 minutes a game.
Ashotjan::It's just not true. You read this somewhere but you've never seen anyone beat him. How do I know this? Because I've watched every minute he has played this year and nobody has "owned" him. The Kings are the worst defensive team in the NBA and it's not the white bench player's fault, lol.
iMadeIt23::Bledsoe's dunk was insane! And CP3 had a great feed as always. The Clippers are legit this year!
DidYouSeeThat36::Good to see a time that has been in the gutter soo long finally come out swinging
xmanfolife::Clippers need their own building....Anaheim would b nice.  No room n Staples to hang a pacific division title.
DidYouSeeThat36::That is funny and true.  But Clips owner doesn't have enough business sense to get a good deal.
espnrodeostar::Clippers are putting on a show like it's an all star game.
mathw01::I still don't hear a timetable on Billups return and Grant Hill is set to make his debut in a few short weeks, I'm more than curious how this will effect the "flow" and who"s minutes will be mostly affected..Enjoy your minutes Willie Green..
mathw01::He's got tendonitis? Hardly a bad injury? if it was the playoffs or something important he would be playing, no need to rush either player back to play against the easiest stretch of competition of the season..
xmanfolife::Then keep him on the bench as a special assistant coach.......his playing days r clearly over.  Can't help a team on the injured list.....same as Grant Hill.
mathw01::Billups is essential actually, his comeback albeit brief (3 games) kicked off the winning streak after "our" own brief losing streak. You can not underestimate his leadership to this team and how important he is to CP3.
xmanfolife::Don't need Billups.....his day is done.  Nagging injuries won't let him play thru a half season, he should retire while he can walk up right.
bigredglo1991::Congratulations to Donald Sterling. There are few, if any NBA guys out there without a title who deserve one more than him.
GASC72::sterling is one of the worst in the business. tenure does not equal deserving
TeamJMack::Ha. I assumed he was being sarcastic
be_kool16::shannon brown should join this high flying squad... hmmn.. and gerald green.. who else?
GASC72::hell sign james white and the helicopter.  maybe we can get the proffessor and hot sauce while we at it too
xmanfolife::Why would u want those bums?
DidYouSeeThat36::To turn them from a good team to the Ringling Brothers style circus
Melo the best ever...to advance from 1st round only once::chris paul's got to win an mvp one of these years. Take him off this clipper team and the hornets teams he was on, and they'd be among the worst teams in the league.
mike etheridge::Chris Paul has the clips believing they can beat anybody  if they cant get him to sign an extension the magic will disappear we will see if Slumlord millionaire wants to pay to be a winner he has so far ... but Chris is the key
xmanfolife::The slumlord's karma is gonna bust the Clippers bubble once again........karma's undefeated.
dolphinsbyu::Lakers suck!!
xmanfolife::By yourself on that one....
mike etheridge::nice W clips yesterday u were all over the Laker board yelling we OWN LA lets not get carried away Your team is nice i will give you that....... But i heard the same thing last year &amp; we still won the Division.......so go win something then we will talk
xmanfolife::Until the Clipps can even put a banner up on Staples or anywhere else.....they're still second class citizens n LA.
mike etheridge::u forgot to like urself
BarrelRider04::Dude, come up with something original to post. You sound like a miserable tape recorder!
bmay41222::Seems like only yesterday the Clippers was winning 12 games a season.
jcmaggi::that's because they were
BarrelRider04::Sounds like a lot of terd bags on here that can't admit the Clips are the most entertaining and explosive team in the league this year. It's good the Clips have donkey haters - it finally means they are good. Keep hating donkeys!!!
jcmaggi::But yes, you are correct. Despite my distaste for a bunch of Clippers "fans," the Clippers themselves have been playing excellent basketball so far this season.
jcmaggi::still owned by a slum lord.
jcmaggi::Honestly can't wait for Sterling to start heckling Griffin or someone else after having led them in a "hip hip hooray"
BarrelRider04::Oh, no doubt. Sterling is a pile of filth and he still might find a way to curse his team this year...I think he's starting to panic that they are getting too good. I thought his locker room appearance after last game would've voodooed them last night....
vegaskid2006::the lakers have won 12 games this season-the clippers have won 12 in a row----suck it laker fans
jcmaggi::LOL. First 12 game win streak in FRANCHISE HISTORY. Suck it.
vegaskid2006::u mad bro?
who stole my lighter...::hahaha u new to basketball?
BarrelRider04::beat it u scumbag!
who stole my lighter...::the clippers and the heat have the fruitiest and most p.ussy rosters in all of basketball
laynestaleys07::Sterling is about 75 now.  Guy can't live forever.  Clips should be great after he goes
eric-bledsoe-666::chris  paul  4  mvp
who stole my lighter...::hahahaha
RON-BURGUNDY-STAY-CLASSY::Lmao joke of the day
eric-bledsoe-666::bledsoe's  dunk is soo  unreal,the  kid is  so  athletic  and  great  on defense
who stole my lighter...::u should marry him
Hmmrhed::Winning streaks are not a good predictor for championship success. We know this is uncharted waters for clipper fans, who are use to tunning out the nba season in January - but careful:  Houston had 22 in 08 Dallas had 17 in 07 Lakers had 16 in '91 -so did Portland.   -- laker fans who have watched entire seasons of nba basketball.
GASC72::this may be true, but is sure as hell beats being under 500 with 2 future hall of famers on the court
xmanfolife::The season is still young......Lakers will b where they need to be by may.
Mrexecutiv::Great job clips. Chris paul is the motor that drives this team. Prob the best clipper team yet. On a side note Demarcus cousins needs to grow up. Dude can ball and could be a star, but he's sabotaging himself by his on court immaturity.
BarrelRider04::Probably the best Clipper team yet?????
Juan_Madden::9 road games.Spurs 17 road games.
thejunkinmytrunk::8-3 road record means they have played 11....
hopelena05::Things are just Sterling for the Clips
ron4317::"LA got it good no wonder haters always hate.  We're always in the title hunt once every 2-3 years.  Go Clippers! Go Lakers!"   - Lakers "fans"
be_kool16::agreed.. go lakers and go clippers!
Tony91367::La is about Lakers and Lakers only,,,
colaroaster::bledsoe got some hops.. dunk you later
iAMjimmyjack::My hats off to the Clips...best team in the west.
nba is the worst::Do the Clippers ever practice free throws?
be_kool16::i know crawford cp3 and billups does.. not so much blake turiaf and jordan
The Evilllll Empire::We see you over here in the east coast clips. No doubt that team is must see tv. Respect.
oneandonlybabe::Well done by the Clippers... leading all teams in the state of California and just one game behind the leader of the entire league.
thejunkinmytrunk::11 road games.... OKC has only played 10. The clippers have played more road game then OKC....
nba is the worst::But it's deceptive due to only 9 road games - same as OKC's W-L record is.
SRQBetterThanYou::I HATE how Blake Griffin is so overrated  He's only overrated because he dunks good, that's all he does well
stoop404::he's just pissed that Blake is a Clipper and not a Laker. Overrated?, the kid can ball, just like Gasol is doing this year
GASC72::overrated, underrated....he gets 20/10 and he will start on any team on the league.  call it what ever u want
oneandonlybabe::And by the way: dunks, layups, jump shots, long 2s are all worth the same amount of points so if he's really good at dunking, what's wrong with that?
oneandonlybabe::I don't get who are these people who overrate Blake. He is good at what he does plain and simple. i don't see anyone praising him for other abilities...
Jmet15::Win streaks mean nothing.  In 06-07 the Mavs had an 18 game win streak, plus 4 streaks of 10 wins or more in the same season.  Only to go out and lose in the first round to GS.  So just saying, if that can happen to Dirk and Dallas then it shows that win streaks really mean nothing, except that your team has won that many games in a row.
mathw01::They actually are great when you can distance yourself in your division from the others come playoff time seeding..
nba is the worst::Spurs fans agree - 20 gm win streak through the WCF, and then 3 straight legit losses and 1 ref job loss...
Randy Bruer 1::Hey guys...just finished working out. Charity game for me today. Think it's against some handicapped folks. Will have to try not to dominate.
bobbybail::can u feel the hate in the air? thats when u know u made it go clips! keep gathering them haters
bobbybail::go clips 12 in a row Fu#% these haters
IncubusS.C.I.E.N.C.E.::Clippers are going to the Finals...BOOK IT!!
SMANGANG::lmaooooooooooo... have the clips ever.. i mean everrrrrrr made it to the conference finals before???
cadvan3::If Chris Paul could transform the Clippers from perennial losers to winners of 12 in a row, it was a good thing the NBA didn't approve of the Lakers getting Chris Paul - they would never lose.  Way to go Clippers. At least LA can revel in your accomplishments.
dog_has_fleas::Yeah I think that trade combined with the D12 and Nash trades have a good possibility of setting back the Lakers. Of course they are the Lakers and will get people to come.
runz124::Lop City!
bobbybail::youre the lop runz124 u dont even know how to count
bwp2bruce::Lob, not Lop you idiot
surasosa::this is solely to the idiot Jonathangeorge..... before u go spatting off stats for one game, why dont u go take a look at the same stat for the entire year... fredette for the entire season has the highest plus minus on the team... three days ago he was actually +8 on the year, on a team that is a cellar dwellar... and did u watch the game tonight... or just pick three fast black guys and claim he couldnt stay in front of them... because tonight he played the best defense of his career.... jamaal crawford missed four jumpshots with fredette on him all of them fredette stuck right with and contested perfectly.. paul hit a tuff three on fredette but fredette again was dead set in front of him with a hand up contesting.... he also stole the ball from paul which u seemed to leave out, and he had 3 steals on the night.... all of this and I'm only now getting around to mentioning that he is also first in the entire nba ft%... hes also 6th in the league in points per min...all the way getting only 12 min on a horrible team that never wins.. watta waste
dog_has_fleas::The same Jimmer apologists on here EVERY GAME complaining about why he should play. I think he proves night in and night out why he should and shouldn't play. He should because he can score, shouldn't because he will give those points right back. That is the truth right now, no real denying it.  At least this time it isn't littered with the Keith Smart is a racist garbage.
