Comeback45::Jerry Colangelo sold the anti christ opps I mean Robert Sarver the most talented squad in the league; Steve Nash, Joe Johnson, Shawn Marion, Quentin Richardson, Amare Stoutemire. Then Robert Sarver declined to extend joe johnson's contract. Continued with trading Quentin Richardson and then trading shawn marion . After that, letting Amare walk to the knicks. And finally trading Steve Nash. This is how you destroy a franchise and a fanbase, congratulations to the anti christ opps I mean Robert Starver
DR HORSE 1::well at least you guys can cheer for the coyotes ..... oh wait there not playing and you guys dont give a crap when they are playing
DR HORSE 1::dont forget he also cursed us raptors fans with his demon son hahhahahahahahhahahahahaha
dvanrooy4565::Ed Davis and some picks for Pau Gasol
Mr. Bradford::Suns, I know y'all have a history of letting the opposition score crazy high points off your defense, but y'all are letting some bad teams light ya up.
dawgfood1980::sadly its because Suns aren't very good.  This is what happens when an owner doesn't see the end coming and try to get something to rebuild.  I miss Jerry Colangelo.
zeppyreal::Steve Nash is a tru Canadian hero
Niners4Lyfe5::So is your mom.
Joey Schmoe::This Suns team is nothing but a bunch of no-name mediocrities.  Truly an embarrassment.
bigkattacr74::Sarver has no liquid assets and he is in trouble. Until he recovers the Suns fans will suffer and many will be fired. In the mean time get comfortable and hope we lose many games for the lottery. Hard time for sports in the AZ.
dawgfood1980::agree, those 13, 14 ect picks the last few years have been worthless.  We need to crack the top 7 at least =/ Im afraid we will be for the next few years too.  (I like Dragic and Gortot but it starts slipping fast after that)  Scola is ok but not something to build around and Beasley has disappointed me so far.  I'm not a fan of Brown or Morris at all but I seem to be the only one.
zeppyreal::RAPTORS RULE
JoeyDorsey4MVP::It seems the Raptors win when I don't watch their games...maybe I might have to stick to that philosophy...
tgreeson80::I am by no means a Toronto Fan (Pacer fan, born and raised in Indiana) BUT can we PLEASE get Jose Calderon a team to LEAD already.  For God's sake, he is IMO (which means nothing) a top 10 pure point in this league.  Not saying Lowry isn't talented, but c'mon...
tgreeson80::And for the Lowry fans, I am not saying he is not better, but Jose is capable of leading a team.
Dinna Buk::as a life long Suns fan and Phoenix resident, this is by far the worst team ever assembled by the franchise and it is disrespectful to charge people to watch this. David Stern should fine Robert Sarver because he starts bench players every night!!
panenogh::can the suns just give up on this season (as oppose to telling the fans that they are entertaining and will compete) and try this trade out ? This season is done anyway.  http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=bobsn3p
MrFreese13::Nothing the best medical staff in the league hasn't seen before
gary_bettman_hearts_the_coyotes::Dumb trade! Lakers sold the suckers a lemon!!!
JohnWilkinsonJr::Suns and Raptors, I see you each held three players out of this game.  New NBA policy, since these guys weren't starters we'll only fine you $5 Grand for each player.  Fork over $15,000 apiece please.   David Stern
dawgfood1980::I think it just apply's to stars... hmmm do either of these teams have a star?  /sad face
Redwolf1331::Any NBA team want to end a losing streak?  Just pencil the Suns in.
gary_bettman_hearts_the_coyotes::I am embarrassed to be a suns fan after these last two games! It is going to be a long season! Good win raps! I always loved those purple jerseys with the dinosaur on them! Still have mine for Vince carter somewhere.
PochoPantera::Never, never, never give your final shots to Scrubla. What a mistake by the Suns
PochoPantera::S C R U B L A
J webb nation::give us back jl3
felch8::Season over for the Suns...If you lose to Toronto, something is really, really, really, really, really, really wrong...
toronto-vigilante3::Raps are the best 4 - 13 team the NBA has ever seen.....
toronto-vigilante3::Give Bargs credit......he finally played defense when it mattered the most.
66detroitlions::Credit for doing his job
Sportsfan61679::Coldaron &gt; Lowry
Alex_TO::Its Calderon
felch8::How did the suns become so mediocre?
Poopscoopers::sarver
Arbyrick::mediocre players and a mediocre owner......
gri400::back on the road though, 5 more road games. getting a bunch of them taken care of early i guess... or not, seeing as we've lost most of them
Dwight Howards Firing Spree::Guess Kyle Lowry is the better point guard
Sportsfan61679::Lowry is good for the first 44 mins of the game.  He becomes a ball hog in the final mins
66detroitlions::8th seed looking better now
Sportsfan61679::umm that belongs to the Bobcats
SoFixed3secsleftJarretJckFoulsAndreIgudola4over99.52ndhalf::90% of people on here WORKS for ESPN Smh90% of people on here WORKS for ESPN Smh90% of people on here WORKS for ESPN Smh90% of people on here WORKS for ESPN Smh90% of people on here WORKS for ESPN Smh90% of people on here WORKS for ESPN Smh90% of people on here WORKS for ESPN Smh90% of people on here WORKS for ESPN Smh90% of people on here WORKS for ESPN Smh90% of people on here WORKS for ESPN Smh90% of people on here WORKS for ESPN Smh90% of people on here WORKS for ESPN Smh
Cylentkiller::I'm so tired of losing to these $@%!$ teams, Alvin gentry I'm tired sick and @%!$@% tired of you waiting to the last 3 miniutes to put in your starters god damn idiot
Poopscoopers::im sick and tired of taffy getting stuck to my teeth, its not very laffy :(
danglehossa22::Im sick and tired of having the win in my grasp and they foul with 2 seconds left. Plus 3 no good
toronto-vigilante3::RAPS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    The Pietrus ERA BEGINS 1 - 0!!!!!!
ignasm::Congrats to all fellow Raptors fans! All happened the way as expected
gri400::Pietrus was the missing piece all along... gonna win the title for sure now
Sportsfan61679::yeah against the Suns at home
gri400::the humble beginnings
Alex_TO::Aaron Gray, pass the MVP award to Pietrus
gri400::co-MVPs for sure
FORKWDEVIL::Brown should have been shooting free throws
MrFreese13::yep
Sportsfan61679::wow that was close Took the raps at -2.5 for the game.  For a second i thought i was going to lose once Lowry missed the free throw
inter2010clchamps::IT WAS ALL MICHEAL PIETRUS
danglehossa22::Suns +3 no good. silly foul
Poopscoopers::yes...really
SoFixed3secsleftJarretJckFoulsAndreIgudola4over99.52ndhalf::really espn worker?
MakinCabinets3::4-13!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
toronto-vigilante3::Best 4 - 13 team the NBA has ever seen....!!!
SoFixed3secsleftJarretJckFoulsAndreIgudola4over99.52ndhalf::90% of people on here WORKS for ESPN Smh
Poopscoopers::need a job?
gri400::way overdue for that :) glad to see a win
dubzcheckem_22::Joke of an ending.   Brown gets faceraped on the final shot. Scola didn't get one of those 50/50 calls the possession before either.
Alex_TO::Should have seen the raptors-bucks game, now that was a joke
toronto-vigilante3::RAPS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  The Pietrus ERA BEGINS 1 - 0!!!!!!
secueritae::SOS Pietrus !!!
66detroitlions::Finally
toronto-vigilante3::DONE.
SoFixed3secsleftJarretJckFoulsAndreIgudola4over99.52ndhalf::90% of people on here works for ESPN SMH
MrFreese13::It wouldn't be a suns game if they weren't getting screwed by the officials
MrFreese13::No one can make a shot when they have a guy putting them in a choke hold when they go up
bighube702::officials didnt miss those close shots
toronto-vigilante3::DAMN...Brown got graped in the face!!!
Sportsfan61679::Refs don't call that in the final seconds unless you are LeBron or Durant
MakinCabinets3::OT!!!! YEs.
J webb nation::they missed 3 layups in the final minute
gri400::finally the raps will get a win :)
inter2010clchamps::clutch defense again
ignasm::What is going on with lowry in the clutch?
secueritae::Raptors win!!
toronto-vigilante3::WHATTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT????????????????????????
