To many LeBron trolls::Overtime against Detroit haha.
Quit acting like the Heat Won the Championship::The Pistons scored more points in OT against the Bulls than the HEAT. ( last time they played, the HEAT scored 2 points in OT )
bs20kj34::Cryami fans now make fun of W's for Chicago? sorry we just don't lose that much.... pathetic trolls
PlayerPresident1::this same bulls team beat your heat TWICE without rose being a factor.  hahahaha
GeX.0::wow i didnt realize lu had such a bad game
andre3000nyt::It's pretty clear he's playing with a lot of pain.  45 mins... smh.
Heritage Champion::Did Rose really "lead" them? Or did Noah? Better yet, lets just say that it was another great TEAM effort. You know, the same kind of effort that the Bulls displayed without Rose.
To many LeBron trolls::It's because Rose came back and they barely beat a terrible Detroit team in overtime.
lovesports3409::It's called jealously.
ArcusProtus::seriously, what's with this guy?  What did Rose ever do to you that you actively try to disparage him?  By all means defend your guy, whoever it is, but don't proactively insult Rose just because you don't appreciate that other people think he's a great player.
andre3000nyt::Why troll Rose so hard?  Rose had 24 pts and 9 assists.  He was driving then dishing off the drive to open big men.   And Noah's rebounds and points largely came off of missed shots when the D was collapsing around Rose.  So whether Rose hits the shot or not, the threat he represents leads to points.  Are you in Lebron's entourage? If not, what gives?
Willmays87::Jordan greatest of all time! 6-0 in the NBA FINALS!! and 6 NBA FINALS MVPS! enough said
To many LeBron trolls::That's for sure.
bisch55::Who else wants to Murder that Detroit PA announcer. My god if I was a pistons fan with season tickets I would boycott until that guy was fired. I seriously almost had to stop watching the game it was so bad
andre3000nyt::Isn't their announcer the old man from Hard Core Pawn?
mikedogg08::he is terrible....
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::reminds me of the and one announcer who would just scream stupid stuff after every play.
GeX.0::they couldnt have hired a more unprofessional guy
heat are the best everrrr::boo $@%!$@% hoo, stop crying
01Bulls4life::@ Heat are the Worst Everrrr There's rumors of guys crying in the locker room.... and you wanna talk about Rose..
GeX.0::15 SECONDS LEFT, DOWN BY 3, BALL IN MY HAND  BETTER PASS IT TO HASLEM
GeX.0::7 SECONDS LEFT, DOWN BY 3, BALL IN MY HAND  HIT GAME TYING SHOT TO SEND IT INTO OVERTIME
lovesports3409::He wouldn't take that shot (LBJ).
Sruzzosi::20 Seconds left, up by 3, better brick my free throws.
Siuteke::Most annoying announcer in history of sports in Detroit??
GeX.0::whats the bulls win streak over the pistons at now?
To many LeBron trolls::650
ArcusProtus::15
DROSE5494::9
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::Rose is getting his shot back but he has a long way to go still.. got WAS, and CHA next so those should be good tune ups for him.
GrizzK4::Wow, this is the best moderator work I've seen in a long time! Thanks guys :)
pspank23::WOW that was fast finally we can weed out these trolls!!!
GeX.0::man not one mention of rose's 3 point game tying shot
Road dog Red::Rose is crying...boo hoo He wants to drive in and DUNK on the big guys and look so cool doing it...but doesn't want them to touch him... Ummm..hey baby Derick...they are GOING to knock you on yer AHRSE...the don't get paid to let LITTLE flowers like you make big guys like them look bad..and NO TEAMS big men are dirtier or hack 'HARD' more than the Bulls front line of Noah, Taj, Boozer  and Asir... maybe you have not been paying attention ...maybe yer just DUMB... theres a $@%!$ in da Bulls armor...and the Celts are going to CRACK it open... The Tics are coming to skin the Bulls..and its not going to be as hard as everyone thinks
GeX.0::i dont think rose reads these boards so why exactly are you telling us this?
pspank23::Ha HA I guess since you said it it's true....lol  GO BULLS!  I think we see Boston in our rear view mirror baby...lol
Grab_It_Joa::Wow. Did the mods seriously delete those posts.????
GrizzK4::FINALLY!!! About time that guy was booted.
pspank23::I gues cause ol boy was calling everyone a dummy...
lovesports3409::Are the Heat scared? I'm starting to get that feeling.
Reality_And_Truth::Not a Heat fan, but I don't think they are scared of the Bulls.....
lovesports3409::OK.
pspank23::Hope Detroit drove home safely...BEEP BEEP!!!
izrosechinese::Four games to ONE DUMMY! Got a short memory?
Grab_It_Joa::hahaha
pspank23::Boy he shut up quick...lol
pspank23::He forgot about that....lol
Grab_It_Joa::2007 we swept you in the playoffs dummy. Short memory. Should I bring up the 90's also since were on the topic of the past
pspank23::umm last year is done I think...this is 2012 right...lol
pspank23::Sure...LOL
izrosechinese::Heat will DESTROY you in the playoffs JUST LIKE LAST YEAR you PIG! BEEP BEEP
GrizzK4::Well at least the Pistons scored more in OT than the Heat did! Tough win, would love to NOT hear Rose complain anymore, he's never been like this. Guarantee the injuries and time off is getting to him, but it's not like he's going to stop driving it to the basket, that's where so much of his offense comes from! And as long as nobody can stay in front of him, just keep on drawing fouls and kicking it to the open man. One more game closer to home court, magic number down to 4!!
Sports junkie of chicago::It was all hate till about 5 seconds to go.....THEN IT HAPPENED......all the hater left and the Bulls continued to show you why they are the best team in the NBA....Good game Detroit any other team and you would have won that game
Gstoll1977::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. I have made over 3k a month for 3 consecutive months just following this system. It's on the 1st page of Google when you search the words "sports betting system" Thought I would post this for anyone that's looking for a betting system that actually works.
HawksCubs10::DAAAA BULLS!
izrosechinese::SUCK!
01Bulls4life::What does that make the rest of the teams in the league then?
jyetter247::http://www.yetterisland.blogspot.com  Interesting stuff, pretty funny. 5 ways to improve baseball, why leBron is a loser, and more
CoreyBlair31::LeBron and Bynum &gt; Rose  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-KORdoKbUzc
CHITOWNBULLS1991::Lebron AND Bynum &gt; Rose? are you serious? dumbest post of the night and it's not even close.
CHITOWNBULLS1991::not to mention all 3 play completely different positions...smh
Whitesoxfan5588::Piston fans ....sorry for not taking your team serious.......I really thought this could be a blow out but your boys played really good......especially Stucky .........   can't wait to play you guys next year......
Clayton Bigsby 23::Imagine if lebron and bosh went to the bulls like they thought about Pg- rose/ watson/ lucas Sg- deng/ brewer/ bogans Sf- lebron/ korver Pf- bosh/ gibson/ scalabrine C- noah/ asik  10 championships
TheWalrusnow::the bench would have not looked the same. the bulls would still have gibson and asik however due to drafts. also it was wade and lebron thinking about coming the bulls were then thinking about trading deng for a player like al jefferson or a pf. the team would have been pretty incredible, yet they would have had three players that are most effective with the ball in their hands and would absolutely have no shooting from the perimeter in their starting lineup.
MidwestFarmers::they wouldn't have all those same players because the bulls would have made different personnel decisions....and bosh sucks
lumi907::I would of rather had Wade
LeoPat11::Wade is not as consistent as Lebron and if Lebron choked rose would be there.
Whitesoxfan5588::just imagine Wade on the team .....
Who Runs the Wildcat in 2012::Vs a team with no real center....Noah shows up... again...dude is a bum slayer...he destroys scrubs...
WoodwardAvenueDetroit::Greg Monroe is a future All Star center and you make a stupid comment like this... SMH
lumi907::Greg Monroe is a good center
Bullsfan737::Is it in yet!!   Delonte West
yograndma821::http://www.basketball-reference.com/leagues/NBA_2012_leaders.html totally irrelevant but look at the rebounding stats for demarcus cousins dude is like the 2nd/3rd best rebounder in the game.  Never realized he was that good, definetely the Most underrated big man.
woodyattjon::The legend of Jalen Rose continues....My bad Derrick Rose
Chicagocold312::Lebron should have gotten some "real" advice before his decision instead of the yes men he's currently surrounded by, because if the Heat don't win it all this year it will be big changes going on for that team i believe.
Madhouse_United::Both UC teams have been CLUTCH recently. Good Stuff.
Bullsfan737::Did anyone notice how Chicago has a different player step up every game..for example Noah 6 points against the Heat and tonight he had 20 points 17 rebounds,  that's why this team is hard to beat everyone knows their role and they step up when they have to...when it comes to rebounding we dominate on the boards every game we play and 2nd chance points is a specialty for the Bulls!!
Chicagocold312::That's what great or good teams do, It's great to watch even though is heart attack inducing.
--..bullster..--::not 1.. not 2...  3 high school championship rings
cubsman1238::Heat fans LOL
Bullsfan737::That's the best joke of the night lmao!!
Lord of Los Chitown Bulls::going strong since 2010.
Chicagocold312::The reason why the Bulls went to O.T. with the pistons, is because they're hard to kill. No team is just gonna "win" against the Bulls easy, even if they play their best and the Bulls play their worst. Get that thru your thick skulls, and that goes to any fan other than a Bulls fan.
rfolino08::LEBRON FANS WONDER WHY EVERYONE HATES LEBRON? HE DID IT TO HIMSELF. IF YOU'RE GOING TO PREDICT 7 TITLES THEN YOU BETTER START SHOWING UP IN THE 4TH QUARTER AND TAKE THE GAME OVER AND START WINNING CHAMPIONSHIPS REALLY SOON. AFTER ALL, YOU DO HAVE "THE CHOSEN ONE" TATTOOED ON YOUR BODY. HIS LEGACY IS RUINED. LEBRON IS A COWARD, SUPERSTARS DON'T TEAM UP WITH OTHER SUPERSTARS TO WIN A RING. LEBRON IS A LOSER.
rfolino08::We'll never know. Lebron left Cleveland after 7 years. MJ won his first ring after being in the league for 7 years. It's called loyalty. I know Lebron wants to win but do you really have to join another superstar just to win? That's pretty low especially when you're considered probably the best player in the NBA.
rfolino08::Lebron is a coward. Plain and simple. What separates Lebron from the greats of the game is that Lebron doesn't want to beat the competition. He wants to join them.
Chicagocold312::Yo that's the best summation of his career, what's the risk of joining with 2 other players that's arguably the best at their positions or atleast top 1-3 to win a 'ship?
yograndma821::understandable but do you really think that cleveland would have ever put a team around him that could win, heck his best player he played with was mo williams and then nobody and when they went to the NBA finals it was larry hughes
Chicagocold312::Well Lebron made that bed and he's gonna have to sleep in it, and he's sleeping in it as we speak. whether it's working for him or not that's hard to determine but i will say this, his legacy took a big hit with said "decision". because of it he will never have that legendary staus of fandom that other legends before him enjoy of being liked or loved mainly all across the board.
yograndma821::pretty sure robert parish(or the celtics organazation) did that with larry bird and dwight howard will do that with deron williams and melo was going to do that with amare in FA but he got traded midseason
fightinillini32::His legacy was ruined the moment he said "I'm taking my talents to South Beach"
rfolino08::That's true. What kind of egotistical moron sets up a live video conference on National TV to announce he's leaving a team to "take his talents to South Beach" to play with another superstar?
lumi907::Rose is clutch. Why wont haters understand that? Hes hit plenty of clutch shots this season. Derrick Rose is shooting 41.7% (5-12) on go-ahead or game tying FGs. Want to know the whole list? 1. Carmelo Anthony (50.0%, 7-14 FG) 2. Monta Ellis (50.0%, 5-10 FG) 3. Deron Williams (45.5%, 5-11 FG) 4. Derrick Rose 5. Rudy Gay. These stats are for the last two seasons.
fightinillini32::People try to find reasons to say why Derrick Rose isnt good and its like pulling teeth.
fightinillini32::Ok random question but I have to ask cuz me and my buddies were arguing this last night...Kate Upton or Kim Kardashian?
lumi907::Kate Upton. She only 19
Bullsfan737::Kate Upton, already had Kim didn't everybody else!!
yograndma821::lol your tripping kate upton in a second
Lord of Los Chitown Bulls::kardashian all day bro
yograndma821::when, or lets just say if so nobody gets mad, lebron wins a title what will people say?  people talk sh.it that he has failed the team when the heat missed winning the NBA finals(by two games), but it was only the first year with a rookie head coach. Also why are Bulls fans talking sh.it they got absolutely demolished last year and their faux MVP got exploited
kneegrows14::2 and a half superstars and this is the way miami is playing, feel sorry for when the playoffs comes.
yorklinks1::buy the lephone, only vibrates no ring http://bustasports.com/?page_id=169
rfolino08::I have no respect for Lebron or any Lebron fans. Lebron is full of himself. Who predicts 7 titles? He's been in the NBA for 9 years and hasn't won anything and is probably the most un-clutch player in the NBA today. His legacy is ruined now that he left his hometown team to play with another superstar. I've been a Bulls fan through thick and thin, Chi-town til I die.
yograndma821::a) akron is his hometown not cleveland im from SF and i would NEVER consider oakland my hometown or stay there even though its only 5 miles from san fran b) if you remember Lebron scored 25 straight points at the end of the game against detroit in the playoffs like 4 years ago to take them to the nba finals if thats not clutch then what is.  THe heat still haven't determined their closer so its pretty hard to be clutch c)derrick rose was pretty clutch when he went 1 v 1 against lebron in the final minutes right and shot horribly the whole playoffs lol d) yeah he makes dou.chey comments, but so do 80% of professional players and we somehow manage to forget about it.  For example Joe flacco "i'm the best QB in the game" and people have forgot about that e) im a warriors fan(and lebron NOT a heat fan though) thick and thin does that make me cool because my team has sucked for ages ???
Nanrad_91::So, that means no one can talk until playoffs? Then every fan base should shut up.
yograndma821::im just saying its unfair the hate given to him when other players have done similar things and half of the stuff he did isnt that bad, plus until chicago beats a real team in the playoffs their fans should probably shut up.
rfolino08::Cool. You can go suck Lebron's nuts now.
rfolino08::I can't stand Robin Ventura either lol. But hey, at least we can agree on the Hawks, Bears and Bulls!
rfolino08::I know how it is man. I grew up on the south side but i've always been a Cubs fan. I'll be honest I hate the Sox. I cannot stand Ozzie Guillen. The Sox win the World Series and Ozzie runs on the field with the Venezulan flag and now he's praising a dictator who has killed thousands and thousands of innocent people and potentially could have caused World War lll. Ozzie needs to be sent back to his country and to never be back allowed in the United States.
rfolino08::You know you're a true, loyal fan when you root for the Cubs. I'd rather be loyal to one team than a bandwagon fan!! Go Cubs!!
SniperFighter179::but yes.... cub fans are loyal.. sox fan or not you cant deny that
SniperFighter179::eh..... sox fan sorry.  you know how that goes.  if the sox cant win it id root for the cubs, but still gotta stay true to the sox bro sorry...
SniperFighter179::Well said.  Thats one thing about us true Chicago fans, at least we stick with our teams thru all the ups and downs...... watched the bulls/hawks/sox/bears get killed soooo many times but stuck with em.....
Drinking Bud::Heh, it's all good.
SniperFighter179::theyre not even worth commenting about lol.........
Drinking Bud::How could you forget our lovable, losing Cubs?
--..bullster..--::nick friedell trying to get the world to hate rose one article at a time
danielabbas::Jpgarcia2010 - only cares about individual stats bulls fans - only care about wins
SniperFighter179::wouldnt it be awesome if the bulls could beat a full strength heat team without rose?  oh wait..........
CHITOWNBULLS1991::nice
rfolino08::Jpgarcia2010 is the biggest miami heat bandwagon fan/ Lebron d rider. Get a life, loser.
Bullsfan737::In the first 3 quarters that is!!
Jpgarcia2010::lmao no you cant pretend u dont see lbjs stats.. dudes only getting better
SniperFighter179::yup thats lebron for ya........ getting better.  but the key is he is getting better...... not the team...... no rings.... broken promises (the famous not 1 not 2 not 3 speech)  haaaha  he'll be outta miami in a few years then youll be cheerin for that team lol bandwagon at its finest.
SniperFighter179::well said
SniperFighter179::Lovin that 3.5 game cushion on home court advantage right about now.
Dribbird::16 - 23 ft FG%    Rondo- 39%  Rose- 37%
Bullsfan737::your point
Dribbird::Bulls fan trolling our page.   Nothing personal.
Jpgarcia2010::Horry&gt;Jordan(x7) wanna go more with the rings?
faddish123::i thought it was understood Jordan&gt;everybody else who has ever played in the nba
Jpgarcia2010::he daggered most of his shots in those games
Jpgarcia2010::im not liking my comments dummfuq
Jpgarcia2010::if rings is the standard to be the greatest.. then russell is the greatest right
SniperFighter179::and stop liking your own comments too
Jpgarcia2010::so stever kerr = kobe bryant then right with 5 rings?
SniperFighter179::oh hell no.  i said jordan&gt;lebron.  is that not clear enough for you?
SniperFighter179::ya cause horry led his team to all those rings........... now that is funny.
CHITOWNBULLS1991::straw man argument ftw
Gator_The_Great::Rose trying to scare villanueva was like Funaki trying to scare The Big Show
Antwann5::lol...what the f*** is a Funaki?
Drinking Bud::... And we're supposed to get that reference?
SniperFighter179::JORDAN&gt;LBJ (X6)
CHITOWNBULLS1991::Heat Fans are still salty after their last loss to the Bulls...hilarious
Jpgarcia2010::lol funny how u guys so hyped uup about the season... you guys couldnt even beat the heat when they were barely getting used to each other in the playoffs.. thats just scary
hawkeyes1210::looks like they are still trying to get to know each other and not that well.  How long is it going to take?  Heat fans are so hilarious thinking that they are just going to win it all when the playoffs come around and turn it on.  how well did that work for you last year??  You could easily lose it again this year.  time for someone to get tucked into bed for it is getting late.
Drinking Bud::Okay, we'll be somber after each win from here on, how about that?
SniperFighter179::cant wait til thursday...... when the final dagger goes in at miami
