Rickster7218::Nice Job! Daryl Watkins, 13 brds &amp; 2 Blocks...hopefully he can land a job for next year....
CTthunder860::they need to give dyson a contract for next year
dancedance65::Where are all the doom and gloom Memphis haters that talked trash after our last game against New Orleans? haha Good job clinching tonight Grizzlies, now let's get home-court in the first round!
longhornsin2012::I've been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching  the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for anyone out there that is looking for a system that actually works because this system has really helped me to start winning finally
Shawn1807::This is why you must respect the Spurs. Tim finding the magic one last time. check out the video.................    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pYeRtPYvZ2M
wkdavis85::But honestly, who cares?
knight_rider_2002::People are quiet and afraid of Memphis as we speak
lrdThunda79::gotta love them GRIZZLIES!
Dominic10002::Only 367 comments, anyway Good job Grizz!!! And the best news is that we have clinched a playoff berth!!!
balltillifall_88::these boards are ALOT more quiet when we win lol
Goon-::Watkins pulling down the big time boards. Looks like a keeper to me.
Jac4Grizzlies::Go GRIZZLIES
JFFrenzie5199::Is Gordon playing tommorow
Clobbersaurus01::I think he's playing for home games. #tanking.  See also hornetsreport.
balltillifall_88::check rotoworld.com. the BEST website for that stuff.
balltillifall_88::we are a very good 3 point shooting team when we shoot them in rhythm and in the flow of the offense. we need to remember that during the playoffs.
balltillifall_88::who else wants to see rudy gay throw it the f*ck down on fake griffin in the playoffs? lol. i could die a happy man.
balltillifall_88::where is that troll spurs fan? the one who always comes on here to tell us "we better not lose to a bad team" lol.
balltillifall_88::i hope we get to replay that OKC series with a healthy rudy gay :) im not just being a homer, but i think we are one of the few teams that can beat OKC in a series. and we have one of the few players in rudy gay who can match up very well with durant. but we NEED to get arenas healthy before the playoffs. i think he will play a huge role for us.
jibblet head::hop on the grizzles bandwagon before its too late
Clobbersaurus01::It's too late!  No more respect.  I ... don't know how to handle it.  Keep doubting the GRIZZ!  (please)
balltillifall_88::great win tonight. people dont understand how good of a team we are when we put our mind into it and are fully invested. boy did rudy have a hell of a dunk tonight. he has been playin so good. everything is just looking easy for him right now, and his shot is falling. not only is he talented but he has that "it" factor that makes him WANT to take over games and make big shots. and boy did z-bo look good tonight. he has looked good physically but tonight his step back and jab step jumpers finally started to fall again. i fully expect him to be starting in the playoffs. and hopefully we can still give mo speights some minutes at the 5 position because he has been really working hard for us this season and playing great.
Clobbersaurus01::Is Zbo all the way back yet?  Have Zbo and Rudy ever been at the top of their games together?  If they get there, and play within themselves, the other guys can just plug and chug what they specialize in, and we can be dangerous.
Brewer4Prez::Good win Grizz!  The playoffs better get ready for some Grit and Grind!
giants12cuse12::nice dyson
royboy1978::No trolls or haters tonight.  They're all looking like fools with their lips poked out.
royboy1978::Clipps have the lead.
tigerlive::don't forget Golden State beating the Lakers. Gotta help Minny's draft status, since the Hornets get their pick
gotigersmemphis87::Now we just need the Clippers to lose
gasol1883::Wow 38 freaking free throw attempts for the Hornets and 12 for the Grizzlies, yet the Griz win by 12. This refs in this league are so bad. The gamnes are called based on how a certain ref is feeling that night, unbelievable.
emthomasjr::Bad FT disparity and a lot of questionable calls, but really, it was on the slaw bench play.  They were disappointing, had little cohesiveness and very little fight.  No defensive intensity except on fouling and terrible offense.  Funny though how Selby makes the same move to the rim as Dyson and gets creamed, no foul but then another foul is immediately called against the Grizzlies by halfcourt.
balltillifall_88::there has been alot of games like that for the grizz for some reason. the worse one though was a double overtime game against the lakers. the free throws were 45 to 5. for one, the disparity is ridiculous. but for 2, how does a team get 5 free throws in a double overtime game? im not a conspiracy guy, but thats a little fishy.
gotigersmemphis87::Yet we had a few Hornets fans complaining about how there were no calls against the Grizz earlier
tigerlive::we could of had 60 and still would of lost
gotigersmemphis87::Really breaux LOL
tigerlive::yea, we should of had 50 FT attempts
utclindsay::Hellz yeah.. Grizz are going dancing!!!!!!!!!!
sasha_lu::"Mike, um, what was said at halftime?"  The grin said it all.
Trurock23::playoff bound!
yosellindreams::ay yea Playoffs yea... Go Grizzlies
tigerlive::Good luck going forward Grizz
yosellindreams::50 seconds left an selby finally in the game btw pargo has 14 mins played  they shouldve shared mins
sasha_lu::Redemption, Grizz Nation!
utclindsay::woot woot
royboy1978::Ticket is officially punched!!!!!!!!!!!  We're playoff bound!!!!!!!!!!!
utclindsay::heeeeeeeelllllllzzzzzz yeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaahhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I Just Grizzed my Pants::I am seriously grizzing in my pants!
I Just Grizzed my Pants::Thunder gettin murked right now
utclindsay::that won't last long. The suns suck
danielc901::The Grizz are playoff bound!
utclindsay::Hellz yeah!!!
gasol1883::These refs are out of control, Hornets would be down 40 if they werent playing favorites
royboy1978::Needed that 3.
Goon-::Dem New Orleans HORNS!
royboy1978::Please don't let them back in this game bench.
gasol1883::what are you talking about?? The Grizzlies reserves are kn the game dude.
royboy1978::Too much time left at the clock for a comeback at the time.  Now, I'm content.
Thurmonatorrrr41::Can a young n*gga get money anymore!!!
utclindsay::Woot woot Grizz win and a Sun Devil alum led them to victory!!!
yosellindreams::It would be nice if the clippers and the lakers lost tonight
I Just Grizzed my Pants::and the mavs and thunder, all teams are losing
utclindsay::your screen name is hilarious
utclindsay::clippers are losing in Denver by 6 at the half
gasol1883::Man Pargo is real real bad. Hope Gilbert's finger heals soon, because the only place Pargo will help the Griz get is swept in the first round.
gasol1883::This team needs Arenas if they plan on making a real run in the playoffs.
emthomasjr::If Arenas was playing instead of Pargo, we would have won by 30 tonight.
gasol1883::NO man Pargo is quick and has quick hands, that's it. He has no handle, no shot, can't finish, and can't keep his man in front of him. Pargo is garbage.
emthomasjr::Yeah, Pargo has been slaw; he has talent but somehow is completely clueless as to how to activate it for the good of the game.
yosellindreams::plus he's a turnover machine who doesnt pass the rock he is for sure garbage
phunky58::he isnt bad at all maybe he is playn a bad game but he definitely has some game.    selby should be comin in for conley neway not arenas
phunky58::rudy gay one of the best players in the league
sasha_lu::Rudy, keep your head in the game and quit posting from the bench.
yosellindreams::lol braggin but he's been a monster so post away if your gonna play like you have
Thurmonatorrrr41::I like 'em brown, yellow, Puerto Rican or Haitian!!!     Who says this line?     Bet none of you know!!! There isnt any real Hip-Hop fans in here!!
emthomasjr::Best line ever - let me hit it from the back girl I won't catch a hernia, my soft on your couch now you've got semens furniture
Condolous6824::A tribe call quest .....one of the best groups bck in our day
phunky58::that was easy
phunky58::fife dawg from the zulu nation
Thurmonatorrrr41::Damn!! Youre good. respect.
yosellindreams::lol
I Just Grizzed my Pants::ummm, pit bull, duh
Thurmonatorrrr41::-_-
kenny45555::so im guessing some halftime yelling went on and they said "we better $@%!$ win this or were gona fall behind the denver nuggets in the standings!" lol go nuggs
yosellindreams::still dont like pargo
tigerlive::making a comeback. only down 17 now
tigerlive::if it does. I'll bring the gumbo. Meet me at the corner of winchester and hacks cross with a BBQ sandwich
I Just Grizzed my Pants::never gonna happen
sasha_lu:::) Anything is possible.
royboy1978::Bench is playing better, except for Pargo of course.
royboy1978::Has any Zags player succeeded in the pros besides John Stockton?
utclindsay::nope
phunky58::kid could play
phunky58::gonzaga
utclindsay::where did pargo play college ball? I know not at a pac 12 school.
phunky58::hell yeah rudy another night and once again you are the best player on the court.
yosellindreams::Play Selby
yosellindreams::Not pargo i dont like him as a point he thinks score first to much
phunky58::though im partial to selby
phunky58::ive been sayin that for a long time, he should get steady minutes and so should pargo
tigerlive::I actually nearly went to the UM game at Tulane this year, but between it pouring down rain and not wanting to fight parade traffic I stayed home
tigerlive::don't worry I would of been rooting for the tigers
royboy1978::Love their fan's chant, "First we out think you, then we out drink you."  That always crack me up.
tigerlive::They won't out drink LSU
royboy1978::Q-PON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
utclindsay::Former pac 12 player! always like to see the former pac 12 players do well, especially James Harden since he went to ASU!
I Just Grizzed my Pants::Lets go Grizz!
utclindsay::interesting screen name but go Grizz
sasha_lu::gotta admit, it made me giggle.
royboy1978::Pargo is a bum.
yosellindreams::He is always looking to score but he never scores and turns over the ball everytime he tries to score
yosellindreams::I would like to see selby take whatever mins pargo gets for the rest of the season
sasha_lu::And he's getting an earful from Hollins.  Yikes.
