vikings691978::who's a better PG?   Westbrook or Rondo.
littaballa14::Predictions on how many assist Rondo will have tonight?
DaBostonStrangler10::14
Mega Burner::f<i></i>uck
Shaun0088::Rondo proved again why hes the best PG in the NBA.Another televised game and he drops another triple double.
scamnewton55::.
KINGCAMBORAMBO::I am the Great Celtics fan, but I believe that Lebron James and the Miami Heat are  still the best home team in the NBA because their records are 21-2 at home.
RaidersCelticsRedsox::umm,ur not a c's fan .....that may be tru but no c's fan would post this bull after this beat down....lata poser
Road dog Red::Miami was hoping to get out of the scheme except they were quicker rotations and better awareness from help defenders away from accomplishing that.  Greg Popovich has made an amazing career of using the regular season in a way that better prepares his teams for the post season. Spoelstra’s decision is in that same vein. Should Miami go to war with Boston in a playoff series this spring, the Heat are now better prepared to stop them. In the end, Spoelstra essentially tried something new in a relatively meaningless game and it failed (rather miserably). It doesn’t mean, however, that it wasn’t worth trying.
Road dog Red::The coverage is just like it sounds, the player guarding the screener shows hard, forcing the ball handler to re-direct towards halfcourt while the on-ball defender goes over the top of the screen. By going over the screening Pierce, the on-ball defender took the option of being dragged into a switch off the table. Hedging hard allowed the Pierce’s defender a much better chance at not being forced into a long a closeout. So what does a coverage like that give up.   the ideal result was the Rondo floater. Assuming the on-ball defender doesn’t make a heroic effort at getting back in front while going over the top of the screen, a mid-range Rondo shot is what that coverage is conceding to give up. Given the hierarchy of efficient basketball shots, a floater from Rondo seems to be a better option than an open Pierce 3-point shot or attack on the rim.  While the other results make it seem like the coverage was a complete and abject failure, it actually hides the fact that it accomplished one key goal: it kept Pierce from getting the ball. And for those still skeptical, the coverage does actually work.
Road dog Red::Pierce misses the shot in the clip, but the bottom line is he was able to engineer a switch onto a 5’9” guard at the nail. In theory the “stay-attached and go-under” coverage seems like the right ploy because it should force Rondo to be the scoring option. In practice, teams end up with Pierce getting all the great looks.  As they did prep work for the Boston match-up, Spoelstra and his staff must have decided the key to defending this action was to keep the ball out of Pierce’s hands. The way to do that was to switch up the coverage to a “show and over” scheme.
Road dog Red::However, because Rondo is so explosive at turning the corner on the ball screen, the on-ball defender, who must go under at an angle to cut off any deep penetration near the rim, finds himself at a severe disadvantage. This forces the hedging defender (assigned to Pierce) to stay with Rondo longer than he would like.  All Pierce has to do is simply screen and pop back behind the three-point line and waits for the pass. On the catch, Pierce simply reads the closeout. In the following edit, Pierce not only picks and pops for 3, but is also able to counter into a shot-fake attack and get to the rim. The scary part is that’s not the only negative result teams can experience from this stay-attached-and-go-under coverage. Much like Dallas does with Dirk, Pierce can cleverly (and illegally) bull rush or move into the defender going underneath and force a switch. Naturally, a pinch post isolation match-up between Pierce and a small guard is hardly a good result for a defense off this action.
Road dog Red::Miami’s Failed Experiment On Sunday afternoon against the Heat, Rajon Rondo had his way with the Miami Heat defense en route to his fifth triple-double of the season. It was hard not to notice him as he did it either. Multiple Celtic possessions featured Rondo galloping into the paint unmolested, a trend that helped a rather pedestrian Boston offense suddenly look invincible despite the absence of Ray Allen.  Most have pointed to Erik Spoelstra’s decision to go over the top of any Rondo pick and rolls as the primary culprit. But in the NBA, it is important to remember two very important keys. First; pick and roll defense is always based off who is involved and in what area of the floor. The second is that on the NBA level, whatever the coverage is, a team is always going to be giving something up.
Road dog Red::That second part is particularly important to note when looking at the pick and roll action involving Rondo and Paul Pierce. The standard line of thinking with that duo, when the screen is set in the middle of the floor, is stay attached (or jam) with Pierce’s defender and have Rondo’s defender go under. In theory, that coverage should leave the only thing open a Rondo shot. And if we go by Key #2, a Rondo jumper from 15+ feet seems like an okay thing to give up.
Amaazed76er::Heat suck period.. Great teams never lose more then two games in a row..kobe and pau joing forces in 08 and never lost 3 games in a row until 2011...wade and lebrick have lost 3in a row 7different times already since last year...lol weak Mt.f
vickyvnj::Wade gets rejected at the rim and then gets up all butthurt and tries to talk trash. - Looked more like he was going to cry like the whole team did last year.
Gilchrest89::I still think the Heat will be tough to beat in a 7-game series but I am convinced it can be done.    I think OKC has to be the current favorite to win it all.  Looking forward to seeing the Heat host the Thunder.  That's the next big statement game.  Miami is tough at home!
Intellibeam::Fire Spoelstra......
ShiloInn1985::Some parity in the East is a good thing. Let the Celtics fans thump their chest all they want. This was a solid win for them.  But in a 7-game series between these two teams, the smart money is still gonna be on Miami. Duh.
Larson1981::I'm basing off since the all star break not just the last week.  The Celtics have been better.  The Heat do not have any role players to help on D or facilitate. They are missing too many pieces.
ShiloInn1985::Ok. You're going against the conventional wisdom, But if that's your angle, then so be it.   ***CLICHE ALERT***  "I guess that's why they play the games."
Larson1981::I dunno about this. Both Miami and Boston look like completely different teams from when the season started.  Guys are stepping up on the Celtics, who is stepping up on the Heat? Lebron and Wade look tired and the rest of the team just isn't that good. Spoelstra does not look like he is a capable coach or motivator.
ShiloInn1985::Thats a very general asessment youre basing off one head to head game and the Heat the last week and a half. Being younger, not a jumpshooting team, and several other intangibles like the bounceback factor, still make the Heat a better bet in the playoffs. Hey, Celtics end up pushing this team to 6 or 7 games in the playoffs, God bless em'. I hope they beat em and send their fans home making more excuses like last year. I just dont think its very likely to happen.
newyorksportsfan100454::There is something very wrong behind closed doors with the Heat lately. Lebron does this every place he goes. He did this to Cleveland also.
newyorksportsfan100454::Perhaps. Often the problem with the nature of a certain team of players chemistry like the big problem with the Knicks is there is too much dependence focus by the club on one big name player. The other problem although different is there are too many chiefs and not enough indians on the team. Meaning there are too many players who want to be the boss giving orders to everybody instead of more players who are workers doing their job they should know what to do best at for the best interest of the whole team.
crichtonu::Agreed.  There is too much confusion about who is the Michael Jordan, who is the Pippen and who are the other role players.  Bosh doesn't know where he fits in the equation.
hapatino::Nah, he is held to a higher standard than any other player in the league. He will have off days, bad days, like everyone. Statistically the best player in the league and arguably the best player in the league today. A perennial first team all NBA and first team all NBA. He is not "garbage" and "sucks" as all the haters like to refer to him.
crichtonu::I'm not foolish enough to think LBJ "sucks" and I thought it was pretty obvious he was the one who did the most for the Heat to stay in it last night.  However, there is an obvious trend in his decision making.    I was at the Jazz vs Heat game and James was hitting ridiculous jumpers that decimated a fat lead the Jazz had built for themselves.  In the last few minutes it looked like LeBron was unstoppable.  Then I made a joke about him passing the ball for the last shot.  On the last possession the Jazz decided not to double LBJ and I thought, "it's over."  Then right as it looked like James would pull up for the winning shot and knock it down easily, he passed to Haslem who bricked what would have been the game winning shot.  Its almost as if he is shaving points or something.  I am completely baffled by his decision making in crunch time.  I actually thought that all the 4th quarter choking jokes were unfairly slapped on him but now that I've seen it in person, I can't NOT believe it.  It's just too blatant and obvious.
jackster013::not a heat fan by any means but celtics cant compete in a 7 seven game series
Larson1981::You just think that because all you hear all day long is hype about LBJ and Lebron on ESPN and not barely anything about the Celtics. The Celtics have the pieces in place to make a run in the playoffs you just don't know about it because Guys like Avery Bradley, Greg Stiemsma and Brandon Bass do not get headlines on ESPN.
newyorksportsfan100454::Come on jackster get real. The Celtics are better this year and the Heat are worse this year at this time of the season. I'm not making guarantees but that is the high potential of what the Celtics have to offer over other teams.
jackster013::i am being real i hate the heat, but i can recognize that they are probably going to run through the playoffs(excluding the finals) like last year
hapatino::The Celtics sit 8 games behind the Heat. Not concerned about one game in Boston. Teams lay eggs (see the Bulls yesterday, or OKC losing to the Wizards and Cavaliers for example). It happens to all teams.  A 7 game series, that is another thing. Let's see who can beat another team 4 times out of 7 and lets have fun this playoff run!
hapatino::The Heat could have gone 65-1 this season, and because of the "1" they would be garbage!
Intellibeam::The Heat will win it all.....And we can flush all you haters down the bathroom stall
crichtonu::I remember hearing that last year too.  Did the Heat "win it all"?
newyorksportsfan100454::Wrong. The Celtics exposed the Heat last night.
hapatino::One game a season does not make.
newyorksportsfan100454::I try so hard as a NY sports team fan to be nice to Boston sports team fans. But that is like trying be nice to Satan.
newyorksportsfan100454::I have tamed a lot from when I was much younger.
crichtonu::You accidentally forgot to edit one of your posts.  Hurry up and do it quick before someone sees!
crichtonu::Well, guess you better keep trying then.  It might be easier if you did it on a board that had something to do with NY instead of trolling this one.
DonRodie3::Rondo&gt; Lebron
newyorksportsfan100454::Good luck to your team Celtics fans
crichtonu::Interesting edit.
crichtonu::Pukes?  Lol, that's a cute one.
Tj7475::k
DonRodie3::Heat bandwagon fans make me lmao!!!! :) hahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahhahahahahahahahaha bandwagon hahahahhahahah bandwagon hahhahahahhahahah bandwagon hahahahahahahhahahahhahahahhahahahhahahahhhahahahahahhahajajajajajaja bandwagon bandwagon bandwagon
newyorksportsfan100454::Go Knicks!
crichtonu::There he goes editing all his posts.  That's adorable.
crichtonu::Rangers and Bruins??  Wrong board and wrong sport, little guy.  Maybe you should have some warm milk and sit this next one out.
Tj7475::.
norocketfan::He's a New York Knicks fan.  He has reason to be angry.
oreed luv his redsox::newyorksportsfan100454  you sound jealous...why are u on here talking crap
crichtonu::Bahaha... so because some random Boston fans did that on your board you feel very justified doing it here?  That's some immature reasoning, if I ever saw it.  I can't speak for all Boston fans, and wouldn't chose to anyway, but I also don't judge all NY fans by your actions.  Its actually entertaining to have you here but don't get all sensitive if we crack on you at the same time.
newyorksportsfan100454::Not all Boston sport team fans are bad. There are many lifelong veteran intelligent fans of Boston sport teams
newyorksportsfan100454::I saw Boston sport team fans doing a lot of it on all the NY sport team game and news conversation boards of ESPN for the past 3 weeks. So how does only one day of Boston fans getting the same thing?  Boston trolls can dish plenty of their trashing out but they will not take it back.
crichtonu::NY boards must be dead, as usual.  He's here desperately seeking any attention he can get.
oreed luv his redsox::i want to see bradley, play D on rose &amp; kobe
oreed luv his redsox::bradley owned d-wade!
hapatino::Wade had a monster block on Dwight Howard last game they played. Wade owned D12!
Unsilent Dissenter::Once again the Heat perform a miracle...... They have Lakers fans ROOTING for the Celt's.......UNTHINKABLE ???? Not when Lepunk and his girlfriend D-Wade are in town......GO CELT'S !!!!
Dem_Canes_Man::This is funny man!  http://espn.go.com/blog/truehoop/post/_/id/39096/the-2012-all-flop-teams
newyorksportsfan100454::Homer Heat. Nothing but a homer team. Suck on the road.
crichtonu::The Celtics actually did a very good job on their road trip they just got back from.  But you were probably hoping no one was aware of the facts.  Oops!  You just got exposed for talking out your butt!  Sorry bout it.
Tj7475::what about the knicks? :)
FSUSe.menholesThugUBCWezels4lyfe::heat bandwagon fans make me lmao hahahahhaaahhaahaahahhahahahhahahhaahahahhahhahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahahahahhahahahhhaahhahahahahahahahhahahahahahhahahhahahahahhahahhahahhahahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahaha bandwagon hahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahhahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhaha bandwagon hahahahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahaha bandwagon
FSUSe.menholesThugUBCWezels4lyfe::heat bandwagon fans make me lmao hahahahhaaahhaahaahahhahahahhahahhaahahahhahhahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahahahahhahahahhhaahhahahahahahahahhahahahahahhahahhahahahahhahahhahahhahahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahaha bandwagon hahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahhahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhaha bandwagon hahahahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahaha bandwagon
FSUSe.menholesThugUBCWezels4lyfe::heat bandwagon fans make me lmao hahahahhaaahhaahaahahhahahahhahahhaahahahhahhahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahahahahhahahahhhaahhahahahahahahahhahahahahahhahahhahahahahhahahhahahhahahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahaha bandwagon hahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahhahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhaha bandwagon hahahahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahaha bandwagon
FSUSe.menholesThugUBCWezels4lyfe::heat bandwagon fans make me lmao hahahahhaaahhaahaahahhahahahhahahhaahahahhahhahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahahahahhahahahhhaahhahahahahahahahhahahahahahhahahhahahahahhahahhahahhahahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahaha bandwagon hahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahhahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhaha bandwagon hahahahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahaha bandwagon
FSUSe.menholesThugUBCWezels4lyfe::heat bandwagon fans make me lmao hahahahhaaahhaahaahahhahahahhahahhaahahahhahhahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahahahahhahahahhhaahhahahahahahahahhahahahahahhahahhahahahahhahahhahahhahahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahaha bandwagon hahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahhahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhaha bandwagon hahahahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahaha bandwagon
FSUSe.menholesThugUBCWezels4lyfe::heat bandwagon fans make me lmao hahahahhaaahhaahaahahhahahahhahahhaahahahhahhahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahahahahhahahahhhaahhahahahahahahahhahahahahahhahahhahahahahhahahhahahhahahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahaha bandwagon hahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahhahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhaha bandwagon hahahahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahaha bandwagon
FSUSe.menholesThugUBCWezels4lyfe::heat bandwagon fans make me lmao hahahahhaaahhaahaahahhahahahhahahhaahahahhahhahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahahahahhahahahhhaahhahahahahahahahhahahahahahhahahhahahahahhahahhahahhahahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahaha bandwagon hahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahhahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhaha bandwagon hahahahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahaha bandwagon
FSUSe.menholesThugUBCWezels4lyfe::heat bandwagon fans make me lmao hahahahhaaahhaahaahahhahahahhahahhaahahahhahhahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahahahahhahahahhhaahhahahahahahahahhahahahahahhahahhahahahahhahahhahahhahahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahaha bandwagon hahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahhahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhaha bandwagon hahahahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahaha bandwagon
FSUSe.menholesThugUBCWezels4lyfe::heat bandwagon fans make me lmao hahahahhaaahhaahaahahhahahahhahahhaahahahhahhahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahahahahhahahahhhaahhahahahahahahahhahahahahahhahahhahahahahhahahhahahhahahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahaha bandwagon hahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahhahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhaha bandwagon hahahahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahaha bandwagon
FSUSe.menholesThugUBCWezels4lyfe::heat bandwagon fans make me lmao hahahahhaaahhaahaahahhahahahhahahhaahahahhahhahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahahahahhahahahhhaahhahahahahahahahhahahahahahhahahhahahahahhahahhahahhahahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahaha bandwagon hahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahhahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhaha bandwagon hahahahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahaha bandwagon
FSUSe.menholesThugUBCWezels4lyfe::heat bandwagon fans make me lmao hahahahhaaahhaahaahahhahahahhahahhaahahahhahhahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahahahahhahahahhhaahhahahahahahahahhahahahahahhahahhahahahahhahahhahahhahahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahaha bandwagon hahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahhahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhaha bandwagon hahahahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahaha bandwagon
FSUSe.menholesThugUBCWezels4lyfe::heat bandwagon fans make me lmao hahahahhaaahhaahaahahhahahahhahahhaahahahhahhahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahahahahhahahahhhaahhahahahahahahahhahahahahahhahahhahahahahhahahhahahhahahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahaha bandwagon hahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahhahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhaha bandwagon hahahahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahaha bandwagon
FSUSe.menholesThugUBCWezels4lyfe::heat bandwagon fans make me lmao hahahahhaaahhaahaahahhahahahhahahhaahahahhahhahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahahahahhahahahhhaahhahahahahahahahhahahahahahhahahhahahahahhahahhahahhahahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahaha bandwagon hahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahhahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhaha bandwagon hahahahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahaha bandwagon
FSUSe.menholesThugUBCWezels4lyfe::heat bandwagon fans make me lmao hahahahhaaahhaahaahahhahahahhahahhaahahahhahhahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahahahahhahahahhhaahhahahahahahahahhahahahahahhahahhahahahahhahahhahahhahahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahaha bandwagon hahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahhahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhaha bandwagon hahahahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahaha bandwagon
FSUSe.menholesThugUBCWezels4lyfe::heat bandwagon fans make me lmao hahahahhaaahhaahaahahhahahahhahahhaahahahhahhahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahahahahhahahahhhaahhahahahahahahahhahahahahahhahahhahahahahhahahhahahhahahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahaha bandwagon hahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahhahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhaha bandwagon hahahahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahaha bandwagon
FSUSe.menholesThugUBCWezels4lyfe::heat bandwagon fans make me lmao hahahahhaaahhaahaahahhahahahhahahhaahahahhahhahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahahahahhahahahhhaahhahahahahahahahhahahahahahhahahhahahahahhahahhahahhahahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahaha bandwagon hahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahhahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhaha bandwagon hahahahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahaha bandwagon
FSUSe.menholesThugUBCWezels4lyfe::heat bandwagon fans make me lmao hahahahhaaahhaahaahahhahahahhahahhaahahahhahhahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahahahahhahahahhhaahhahahahahahahahhahahahahahhahahhahahahahhahahhahahhahahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahaha bandwagon hahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahhahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhaha bandwagon hahahahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahaha bandwagon
DonRodie3::heat bandwagon fans make me lmao! :) hahahahhaaahhaahaahahhahahahhahahhaahahahhahhahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahahahahhahahahhhaahhahahahahahahahhahahahahahhahahhahahahahhahahhahahhahahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahaha bandwagon hahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahhahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhaha bandwagon hahahahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahaha bandwagon
