Jersey Boy::Dolan, loving every minute watching the NY Chump Chucker's self destruct. Allowing the hapless 76'ers come into your building & whip your butt is a beautiful thing. You have managed to destroy my Knicks. Now I enjoy watching you fail as an incompetent fool owner of the Knicks. I also enjoy watching the season ticket holders at MSG keep spending their money to watch this garbage product. I hope you like being known as the JOKE and Fool owner of the NBA Knicks. Maybe bring back Isaiah to run the team. I will keep bashing you until you sell the team.
jyhoo6i::Too much 3-point shooting and not scoring. What happening to rebounding?
newyorkguy::Most of the trade talk about Asik centered on the Celtics. Why not try to trade Chandler to Houston for Asik? Given same minutes as Chandler, he can score as well as Chandler and outrebound him by a lot. Knicks would get a younger, healthier player. Houston would get a backup to Howard who has championship experience. If they can't use him, they can find another team to trade him to, for a player they want more. Shouldn't be hard to make a 3 team deal.
EM::I love Timmy's confidence he shows no fear and can fill it up and run the floor too. Just, has to develop the rest of hi game.
frank::so Melo has 7 assist! where are the dumb Melo-haters at??? it's plain and simple, this team doesn't have the right pieces around him. stop blaming Melo and start to look at the team as a whole.   your PF can't rebound and can't defend your PG takes too many while shots and can't pass your SG is good on defense, but inconsistent as a scorer and your 6th man is a total headcase  the only two that plays and plays hard night in and night out are your SF and Center.   not to mention your coach praise defense, but has ZERO gameplan on how to control your headcases on the team.
dreik::It only shows how far talented is Durant compared to Carmelo. Hey KD, please surrender the scoring championship to Carmelo so that he could at least win something this season.
Anton::Not sure if it's the Carmelo curse or the Jeremy Lin curse.
Melo For 3 Clank!::The Knicks front office will continue to operate under the delusion that they are still a contender. Maybe they will try and trade 1 of the 2 draft picks they have left in the next 4 years for another old overpaid overrated player. Bwahahaha
Mhmmmm::Why do people on here do so just to show hate? And at one player specifically. I mean you cannot come on here and discuss the Knicks without it turning into haters that don't watch #$%$ coming on to spew hate towards Melo. There are other guys on this team besides Melo yet neither of these people come on here and talk about the Knicks as a unit. The team lacks an identity last year they lived and died on the 3 and played a slow-paced game. Now, they don't know what they are. But they better find it quick.
Mhmmmm::Unfortunately, this is the BEST SEASON in Carmelo's career with as of right now nothing to show for it with the off-kilter way the NYK's have played as a team. His scoring @ 26.2 PPG is currently 2nd in the NBA, he's upped his rebounding PER totals from last year's 7 RPG to 9.1 RPG, playing a career high/NBA high in MPG at 40 MPG, has 114 assists in this putrid offense through 41 games (171 last season), shooting a career-high 40% from 3, and shooting has increased his FT% from 83 a season ago to 85% as of right now. Not to mention he's putting forth the effort on defense. He's averaging 1.2 SPG and getting key stops for his team through blocks and effort. He's the only one on the team diving for loose balls or crashing into the sidelines/out-of-bounds on the team. In other words, Melo needs help more than ever. Felton has reverted fully into his Portland-self. Chandler/Stat/K-Mart are never healthy. Bargs has been better on defense as advertised and can be a nice compliment offensively but he takes a lot of games off for what Melo needs. Shump has really struggled for most of the season too. Hardaway J.R. has a lot of promise but needs to develop more to his game than just scoring.
