Snakes22::Would someone please tell Tyrone Corbin that Raja Bell is worthless as a player and should not be getting any minutes!!!!  19 minutes last night and not a single point and only 1 rebound!?!??!  Is there a more overpaid waste of space in the NBA right now?!?!?!?
trasmuson3::"All starters except Raja Bell scored for the Jazz last night."    That should tell you something Corbin!! Get him out of the game! He freakin sucks.  Is he every going to realize this? Is there something about his game that everyone else sees that I cant see?
kilgary1::Let's see, without the NBA veto the Hornets could have Martin, Scola, and Odom vs. Kaman and DNP.  How's that veto working out for your hopes to sell the team Mr. Stern?
kilgary1::First Five Games: Scola, Martin, Dragic, and Odom are averaging 44 points combined.  That's with Odom in a terrible slump.  For the Hornets, Aminu, Gordon, and Kaman are averaging 18.8 points.  Of course, that's with Gordon scoring 20 in game 1 and DNP since.  Terrible decision by Stern.
njhaines::Dear Monty Williams,  You will get fired if:    You continue to play  Emeka Okafor over Chris Kaman. Give Marco Bellinelli minutes over anybody Continue to Bench Carl Landry
carlitos801::Where did all this Big Al haters come from?
StockonToMalone::When Big Al is on the court, it's Al vs. Hornets, When Big Al is off the court it's the whole team running plays vs. the Hornets. Seriously, it's not that hard to see. Jazz are a flex offense team, not an iso team. Look at the win against the sixers almost everybody was in double figures except for raja (but's that's a whole other story)
sjmcb160::Seems pretty obvious to me. It's a chemistry thing.
NiteOwlMom::I know. It's ridiculous. Big Al plays great. Leading scorer on the Jazz, and all he gets is hate. I don't get it. Oh, and those who say we won the other night because he was out of the line-up should realize that we won because we were at home. That's going to be the problem with the Jazz. They seem to muster just enough to eke out the home victories and get blown out on the road.   I say our starting line up should be: Harris, Hayward, Howard, Milsap &amp; Jefferson. Burks split time with Hayward at the 2.
jedpower::How does CJ Miles get any minutes at all? The fouls at the end of the two quarters were mistakes that even rookies wouldn't make. He's had his chance - Bench Him!!!
rbmw263::the jazz are winning too much
TMCPK::Ask the Pacers or the bobcats how well 'fighting the good fight' has turned out for them.  Constant mediocrity, no good draft picks and no FA's will sign there anyway.  Look at it this way.  The Jazz are gonna finish with a losing record no matter what.  It's better to end with like 7-10 wins than 25 wins.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::I am a Jazz fan...therefore I always want them to win. Any fan who wants their team to lose is STUPID! You can never know how draft picks will turn out. (Kwame Brown is a good example). You don't EVER want to tank a season because then good players don't want to play on that team and will jump ship for a winning team.
Ramrod212::@ comeonn I am with u.  Don't ever want to make loosing a habit then players don't want to be there.  I thinking the Jazz are going to feed Big Al the rock as much as possible and build up his value then trade him.  I think KOC is just waiting for the right situation to present itself.  Might be an injury to a playoff contenders big or a playoff team trying to fill out their team but I would bet Al goes before the deadline.
Comeonnn::I don't ever want to see the Jazz tank a season.  I don't care how bad the team is.  It doesn't always mean the team gets amazing next year if they get a good pick as constant loosing will make Jazz players of value on the team want to bolt to a contender or large market team.  (as it is hard enough already to try and get anyone to play here)    Loosing brings out the worst in players and can cause desention among them as they will say they can't wait to get the hell out of Utah.  Winning at least gives a better shot at resigning.  I think loosing will cause more problems than a high draft pick can solve.  You pick up a new nice draft piece but loose others in the process that refuse to resign.   Example: Deron Williams
scow79::I don't want them to overachieve.  We're not going anywhere with this team.   The worst thing we can do is win more than we're supposed to and get a low pick next year.    I want the Jazz to be competing for championships in the future, not competing for the number 8 seed year after year.   If you find that annoying I'm sorry.
gplayle::No, I get that I don't want them to be just an 8th seed. I want them to bomb, or be a really good team.
gplayle::Do you want the wins, or do you want them to dive? Jazz fans complain either way. Being a Jazz fan, that's kind of annoying.
scow79::Haha!   I thought the same thing.   The quest for Harrison Barnes took a hit today
kunkelm4::can the jazz beat the bucks tom?
CosmoKramer1444::If Jefferson is out, then the Jazz will definitely win.
scow79::I think they said it was just a cramp
kunkelm4::how did he hurt himself
serebro.su::I don't think so. But then again, if Jefferson is out, you never know.
mforte1990::is landry hurt?
chicagorackow::i came here wondering the same thing.. bad night stats-wise
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::it's gonna be bad news for the jazz this year if miles, harris, and jefferson are our 3 highest volume shooters like tonight
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::at the end of the year, our best shooting pct guys are gonna be favors and millsap, combined they shot 13 shots compared to those 3's 39 shots
serebro.su::Did they show a slow motion replay of the Jefferson injury?
JazzFanFromINDIA::hope Bucks Beat Den ver
ScalabrineNutHugger::Jazz trade for Dwill &gt; Hornets trade for Paul
cimmy777::Favors will be better in the long run than Gordon or your draft pick.
rbmw263::i hope so. Gordon is a star already.
Mark15911::The 2 biggest pieces in that deal had no affect in this game Eric Gordon and the first round pick from Minnesota.  Hornets will be much improved after probably 2 lottery picks (the 1 from the wolves and their own) and Gordon playing.  That trade was for the future of the team give it time.
rbmw263::minny is my sleeper to make the playoffs. yeah i said it
PrinceOfDaSouf::This man knows what he is talking about
PrinceOfDaSouf::You crazy EG would have gave your D 30 and besides we want that pick in this strong draft.
serebro.su::Heh, I called this game 93-88 for the Jazz
TrapGameJr::The lowly Jazz? Are you kidding me, Monty?
fanofsports24::lowly?? we now have the same record as you haha
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::thank god big als injured!
scow79::It would be good for Favors if Jefferson were out for a couple of months
serebro.su::It would be good for the Jazz if Jefferson were out for a couple of months.
fanofsports24::Is it sad I thought the same thing haha
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::well the jazz have a chance next game
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::good play howard
ScalabrineNutHugger::Hopefully howard steadily improves his play and health during the year and the Jazz offload him to a contender at the deadline for a pick/decent young role player
SWEET DYNAMITE::Two teams that suck. Winner doesnt matter Go wolves
CosmoKramer1444::May I repeat  LOLOLOLOLOL
TheGloriousBen::LOLOLOLOLOL
TheGloriousBen::LOLOLOLOLOL
serebro.su::Jazz need to start Howard at the 3 and move Hayward to the 2. Burks can back up both Hayward AND Harris.
randomstranger12::Yes, exactly. Burks and Hayward need the minutes, Howard will get better the more he plays with them. Bell doesn't play. It's wins all around.
rhettfieldsted::exactly!! how can corbin not see this? get bell out of there! he is - in the +/- every game. They lose when he is on the court.
Conigman::12 points in ten and a half minutes for the Hornets in the money qtr against one of the worst teams in basketball....what a team
fanofsports24::Does Harpring bug anybody else?
capnchuc::Harpring is one of my favorite commentators in the NBA I like him.
SergeMelnik::how long is ariza out?
CosmoKramer1444::If you are a Hornets fan, you should hope awhile.
SergeMelnik::?
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::miles = clown
serebro.su::Going to give either CJ or Watson the nickname Mason. Just trying to figure out which one puts up more bricks each night.
adamsbrian88::CJ  no doubt
serebro.su::CJ earned it just now
scow79::CJ wins that easily
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::give that up harris you damb @ss  if he dropped it off it woulda been a millsap dunk
serebro.su::I don't think I ever remember a Jazz team that moves the ball around so poorly. Makes Watson look like a friggin HOFer when he gets an assist.
XxxKaYDeNxxX::DONT SHOOT THREES!!!! HORNETS CAUSE U CANT
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::corbin can go to hell...takes out favors and two seconds later two straight offensive rebounds
capnchuc::Milsap and Jeffy dont box anyone out and it drives me insane.
fanofsports24::Ok I take it back....I was just venting because I hate seeing Favors come out
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::no more stupid comments from you
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::it's god damn jeffersons guy (kaman) getting the offensive boards
scow79::Yeah I don't think I can agree with Millsap not working hard
fanofsports24::Favors works hard unlike Millsap and Jefferson
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::fanofsports24 you lost ALL credibility when you said Millsap doesn't work hard. You obviously haven't watched the Jazz since he has been in the league.
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::millsap works hard...it's the only reason he's in this league cuz he doesn't have the size.
ScalabrineNutHugger::Millsap works harder than anyone else on the team
fanofsports24::Shoot even Kanter will get a board
tonyy343434::score?
Tyler Christensen::84-83
fanofsports24::Nice shot CJ
Conigman::These teams have fans?  I prefer to stab my balls with an ice pick than to which abysmal failures call themselves basketballers......Horrendous rubbish
smmshad::Hornets fan FOR LIFE!!
Teekarap::They prefer the term cagers
scow79::I don't think I've heard anyone refer to themselves as "basketballers"
Tyler Christensen::i don't think anyone calls themselves "basketballers"
XxxKaYDeNxxX::LETZ GO HORNETS!!!!!!!
Coons79::where is Millsap
Teekarap::For the love of god put Burks back in.
Tyler Christensen::josh howard &gt; kirilenko
fanofsports24::Shoot Big Al is coming back in
StockonToMalone::lol, we're srewed
fanofsports24::I hope Millsap is coming in for CJ, because I have no clue why you would take Favors out
jmackey2002::Does anyone know a link where I can watch the game online??? PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ScalabrineNutHugger::MyP2P
TrapGameJr::Try a TV.
jmackey2002::Is that the website you're watching the game on?
transatlanticfoe::well if it's not there or justin dot tv you are SOL
jmackey2002::it's currently down
transatlanticfoe::firstrowsports dot tv
boobootanker::The Jazz would be so atrocious without al jefferson, he's the only thing keeping them a semi respectable team
serebro.su::The Jazz need a big more like Malone. Go back and watch his games. He took advantage of the double teams by passing back out or to a guy cutting to the basket. Ball was always moving.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::The Jazz should hire Malone and hopefully someone can turn into him. Have him teach everything he knows and show them how hard they need to work to be the best power forward ever to play the game! (Tim Duncan has played center most of his career.)
scow79::You're seeing good Al.   The one where he's hitting his shots.   When he's not on, the Jazz get blown out
scow79::And Favors looked really good
serebro.su::I see it differently. He's the wrench in their offensive gears. Everything grinds to a halt when the ball enters his hands.
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::the one win the jazz have was when he was out
fanofsports24::Jazz play shotty defense
sjmcb160::shoddy
capnchuc::Favors and Kanter protect the paint its the wing players that can't seem to understand that they have to at least pretend to play defense.
fanofsports24::and shotty offense for that matter
Teekarap::Corbin thinks this is kid's soccer and he has to play everyone.
TrapGameJr::This is a perfect example of two teams who should trade names.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::The city of New Orleans shouldn't suck so bad. If they didn't suck so bad the Jazz would still be there AND there wouldn't be talks of moving the Hornets out of New Orleans. NBA owned? LOL what a disgrace
ScalabrineNutHugger::Jazz should have changed when they left NO
sjmcb160::True. Beehive State
TrapGameJr::Birthplace of Jazz. It doesn't make sense. It'd be like calling a Miami team the Rain and a Seattle team the Sunrays
TrapGameJr::Smooth as silk- Aminu.
fanofsports24::Put Jeremy Evans in
scow79::Luckily no one watches the Jazz play so we might be able to scam some team into taking Raja, Jefferson and Miles off of our hands
Teekarap::Corbin is just playing too many guys.
serebro.su::Bell needs to sit his $@% on the bench. Nearly 20 minutes of playing time and only a single rebound to show for it.
scow79::Jazz offense would run so much smoother if Al would learn how to pass.   Especially out of a double team
fanofsports24::We should trade him and CJ...and Devin Harris if anybody would take him
fanofsports24::i hope we trade him by the deadline
ScalabrineNutHugger::i hope its by tomorrow
XxxKaYDeNxxX::9 nothing run 2 hornets
XxxKaYDeNxxX::72-66
XxxKaYDeNxxX::Hornets HEATING UP
XxxKaYDeNxxX::GET THAT OUTTA MY TOWN!!!!!!! REJECTION
