movintothebluesofwesttennessee::Man, The Warriors fans have been amazing through out this series. But I'm not surprised lol
Bill7511::This is what is needed to be taken away from the Knick, Heat game yesterday. The Knicks allowed the game to be taken from them ,without making the response they needed to hold off the Heat. They were playing wonderful team basketball ,on the offensive end they were moving the ball from one side of the court to the other,yoyoing Miami's defense to such an extent that they constantly had open shots. They were simply wiling and able to make the extra pass.Defensively they were rotating ,doubling,helping,and blocking out beautifully. This all stopped in the 4th qtr.,when the Knicks before their home crowd stopped doing what was needed to win. The other thing ,to me, if they are going to win the NBA Championship,they must finish games with these 5 players on the court together. Tyson Chandler,Amar'e Staudimire,Carmelo Anthony,Jason Kidd and J.R Richards.These 5 players must learn to play effectively together on both ends of the court in order for them to win it all. They are certainly capable of it,even against the Miami Heat.
Soul_Sonic_Force_2::Way to go Grizz
victor5909::Does ANYONE expect to win on the Tragics ( Magics ) roster when as professional basketball players the  team only scored 35 points in the first half ? I speak for myself when I say the Magic are truly GARBAGE
giggles1413::the Magic are gonna be a top 5 by 2017. with draft picks we have and the salary cap space we are looking to draft decent guys in the next couple drafts with the ability to bring in 2 top free agents in 2014 (prolly the best free agent class ever in the NBA)
giggles1413::you cant expect to win when half your roster is either a 2nd year player or a rookie. uncluding starting 2 rookies and a 2nd year center
Dominic10002::Good game Grizz!!!
lovesports27::magic were in the finals 4 years ago....time flies
Capt.Smackdown::Memphis supposedly lacks a go-to superstar, but so did the '04 Pistons.
rede482::why did DA only play 9 minutes please dont tell me he got hurt...
GoTigers2015::Tough foul hitting his back and maybe his head on the floor, I think he's going to be okay though, Ed Davis got some good minutes, if anything positive came out of it
bucray70::this is one of the worst magic teams in franchise history. damn lottery
slapshotcity123::Damn, I somehow forgot there was a game today....first Grizz game I've missed all season...  How about Marc with 11 assists? That must be a career high!
tigersfangoldandblue::There wasn't a game today, the other team didn't show up.
Grindhouse2413::15 lead changes last time we played Orlando. Zero this game. Well done not taking this team lightly. Glad our second unit guys got so much burn AND we got over 100. Well done team. Next stretch of games are against struggling teams. Lets rack up some wins! Rest up Memphis. All we do is Win Win Win!!
Grindhouse2413::Oh and DAM Marc is the man in Memphis. Even though Conley is my favorite player, Marc is the center piece and has the advantage every single night he plays
FadeBackShootAirBall4::aw man dexter pittman got play time and I missed it, that sucks
Wolfy_Pants::didnt see the game but looks like the grizz finally didnt let a team come back on them...  good dominate win (without z-bo)  now thats how youre suppose to play after a loss
machinegunkelley80::man that was a smashing
emthomasjr::Finally a pretty good showing by the deep bench.  Good win, Grizzlies!
People Gettin Mad The Red Wings Aint Goin Away::grizz have a lot of depth
thechampishere2::Wroten and Davis looked good. I like Daye a lot too.  GO GRIZZLIES!!!!!!!!!!
phunky58::booots with the fur
Google Armchair All Stars Book It and Win::all I do is win!
movintothebluesofwesttennessee::Have to remind myself to send friend request to you guys.
sportsdruggie::<b> a  - a <b></b></b>
movintothebluesofwesttennessee::Dear Coach Fuente, Can you get our football team to a bowl this season? PLEASE.
b-train187::We can forget about the football team you have to put money in your football team to become a winner something memphis hav'nt done yet.
GoTigers2015::I think he can, at least 5 wins I expect, great coach, very realistic too
movintothebluesofwesttennessee::If we can go to the Liberty Bowl it will be EPIC in Memphis
rc021363::Good game, Magic fan.  Good luck with rest of the season.  Grit N Grind Grizzlies!!
TheJTram::Damn even AUSTIN DAYE did good....Wow...this must be some kind of nightmare....getting blown out by the Spurs, seeing Prince in another jersey, and now Daye is actually decent?
phunky58::Daye has got alot of game, he can go to work in the paint and also drill the three ball.   he was a high draft pick out of gonzaga for a reason.  the guy has been stuck on the bench cuz there was a logjam at his position in detroit.
tmoneyinmphs::between detroit and toronto, thanks for the players
06dave17::As a Piston fan (and Michigan State fan, go ZBO), I fully endorse the Memphis Grizzlies.  Go Grizz!
movintothebluesofwesttennessee::It's like everything is going against you guys lol
AKsparky907::He has been very consistent with his shot since arriving in memphis
TheJTram::.........Damn it Frank
06dave17::How come no Z-Bo?
trizzo23::out for old age reasons
tmoneyinmphs::ankle injury in last game  listed day  to day
Griss13ears::Twisted ankle vs heat
sweet_lew09::sprained ankle vs heat
Bookiebreaker48::SIMPLE FREETHROWS CANT EVEN HIT ORLANDO
trizzo23::hey only a 1 point difference in second half and tied 3rd q...ping pong balls go magic!!
Everyday im Shufflin 290::GG Magic fans good luck for the rest of the season
GoTigers2015::Okay, 2 in a row on Wednesday hopefully, always tough with Portland
phunky58::Daye finally gettn somewhat of an opportunity to show what he can do, another guy with way too much talent to sit on the bench.   just like Marshon in brooklyn
Google Armchair All Stars Book It and Win::can;t lose today!
GoTigers2015::Ed Davis eye contact = 0
tmoneyinmphs::ha, i never noticed that before
movintothebluesofwesttennessee::lol
tmoneyinmphs::Tell me ed davis don't look like lorenzen wright.
yanksonfire27::the ref who called that travel needs to be taken out back.
danielc901::Who calls a travel there? Dumb refs.
Alan99211::Bleed blue. Still don't understand why all the hate towards the Magic though.
bluewhitetitansfight::I don't either... best of luck to ya'll.
Alan99211::Same to you guys.
bluewhitetitansfight::GG Magic fans. Nice talking to everyone, God bless! Let's beat the Blazers on Wednesday! GNG
TheJTram::Well...at least Prince is doing great with yall, we're getting our a.sses handed by the Spurs
movintothebluesofwesttennessee::At least you guys have the Red wings lol
TheJTram::I dont watch hockey &lt;.&lt; Just basketball
GoTigers2015::We're accommodating, respect to Detroit
sweet_lew09::well the only way you can go up now is up
GoTigers2015::lol O'Quinn throws the ball on the back of Daye's head
TheJTram::Didn't Dwight Howard do that to Quinn before?
phunky58::my man nicholson doin some serious work the past few games, he must be shooting over 70% from the floor.  keep it up big man
phunky58::i hope so too i really do, i am real happy drew is finally gettn the mins he deserves.  i was real angry at the beginin o the year jacque had him sitting.
phunky58::you and I both know he can hit em too.  the guy is a scoring machine.  easily my fav magic player.  i tried to tell ppl bout him b4 the draft but no1 woud listen.
mcc05j::I learned about him when he almost upset FSU last year in the first round of the NCAA Tournament.  Pretty sure he played center and was 4/5 from 3 for 25ish points.  I really hope the magic stick with and develop Nicholson, Harkless, Vucevic, and Tobias Harris. I think Harkless could rotate between 2/3, with Tobias rotating between 3/4
mcc05j::&lt;3 DREW  I want to see him start taking some 3s- he shot 40% last year in NCAA. I know the lines further but he hasnt had a single attempt yet.
GoTigers2015::18-0 over 100?
bhawks71::Until today Magic fans were thinking playoffs.
movintothebluesofwesttennessee::Remember when we beat the spurs in the playoffs...aaaaah #classic
NameThatScrub::I could see you guys kicking the Spurts out this year too. Especially with a damaged tony parker.
GoTigers2015::Was at Game 6, was sick
Boris_Bryson444535::Get your draft on: http://tinyurl.com/challenge-free-nba1
bluewhitetitansfight::Some of these tweets the Orlando Magic are retweeting in the sidebar are making me laugh
GoTigers2015::The announcer mis pronounced Leur's last name, shoot him, shoot the ba.stard
bluewhitetitansfight::Those fans that stayed there and are chanting, respect.
mcc05j::Magic fans are always pretty good. A lot of them got spoiled by our finals run in '09, I think that had to do with Dwight leaving.  But the "Win now" mindset is what ended up hurting us.  I like this "build for the future" mentality much better. We might lose some games. But it will be more satisfying if we can watch these young guys develop into great players and make Orlando relevant again
movintothebluesofwesttennessee::Miami fans would of blasted out when it was the 2nd quarter
tmoneyinmphs::Gotta be to stomach this.
yanksonfire27::they are drunk son.
GoTigers2015::lol
sweet_lew09::The grizz have a pretty easy remaining schedule :D
JBRITT111::A lot of roads games though.  A couple of extended trips out west against good teams.  Actually looking at it... might be our hardest stretch of the season!
yanksonfire27::The next Magic win will be ________________ ?
GoTigers2015::Orlando Magic Basketball - The excitement of losing by 30, with the thrill of blaming the refs
