Yinan Chen::Me and these 4 random YMCA guys would like to challenge the Brooklyn Nets to a basketball game.
Bryce Morgan::honestly, if you are healthy enough..you can probably keep up with Garnett and Pierce haha
Kristin Garcia::Change cities, change players, change coaches...you are still the Nets.
Marcleen Bavogui::lmao down by 30... lol kidd should sleep with his eyes open that russian dude is coming for him
Travis Cook::Danny Ainge should send the Nets front office a gift basket or something.
Isaac Lorentz::ITS PEANUT BUTTER JELLY TIME
Ryan Sems::I think that Brooklyn should have gone after Bill Russel and Robert Parrish this past off-season.
Travis Cook::Danny Ainge must be laughing somewhere right now, thinking I did this Nets team so dirty with that trade.
Joe Brooks::Have you seen that Boston is doing no better than BKN? I don't think Ainge has much to be laughing about.
Michael Carr::Joe, BKN sold out for this one season and it's a disaster.  Boston is building for the future and expected to have a rough season.  You must not understand the trade they made.
Jazmine Ortiz::Joe Brooks boston is looking to the future bkln was supposed to win NOW because you know they're old
Travis Cook::That awkward moment where you can't tank the season, because it will help the team you made a trade with.
Travis Cook::No way Pierce and Garnett make it through this season. They will be injured at some time. My back and knees hurt just watching them try to get up and down the court.
Ryan Sems::I can't stand Boston, but they were smart to keep Rondo and unload all the other baggage for draft picks.
Anthony Wing::screw boston.
Anthony Wing::kg you the man though
James Incredible-Jackson::It's bad when:  The only active player on the ENTIRE TEAM shooting north of 50% is a ROOKIE that comes off the bench. Injuries and age will turn this sideshow into a 10th place team, and sensible fans saw this train wreck coming a mile away.
Tony Hartmann::agreed
Alex R Hughes::If the sensible fans did, the media and experts sure didn't...seemed like most of them thought this Net's team would be great. Injuries are the biggest story here....
Jeff Laforteza::Alex R Hughes When was the last time you saw sensible media and "experts"? Nets are a joke no matter where they are.
Julie Price::Teams normally don't trade with division teams unless they know the players are washed up....see: Eagles trading McNabb to the Redskins.
Julie Price::lol Nets couldn't possibly think they could make some noise with overrated Average Joe, bloated injury prone DWill, washed up KG and Pierce and Shaun Livingston?!!?! How many teams would Livingston start on?
Wade Russ::He doesn't start, aside from injuries.
Anthony Wing::they are missing there floor leader in williams. their highest scorer by far in lopez and thats not all.....
Julie Price::A blowout and Jason Terry can't even get on the court.
Ed Judge::Danny Ainge is looking like a genius.
Travis Cook::Pierce and Garnett don't even try to drive. Nothing but jump shooters on offense now, because they have zero quickness. Huge liabilities on defense too. Garnett's intensity makes him look good on D, but guys are just blowing by him.
Anthony Wing::pierce always drives to the lane...kg never did much. i disagree with you
Eric Ross::Don't you realize The Nets won the championship a couple weeks ago when they beat The Heat?  Jason Terry was jumping around, so he must've gotten his ring that night, lol.
Travis Cook::At least the lakers made the playoffs. I don't even think this Nets team is going to make the playoffs. It's like they've already packed it in.
Andy P Kordyban::Welcome to Burger King, my name is Jason Kidd, would you like fries with that?  Regards, Next Week
Marcleen Bavogui::where are all the new bk nets fans???
Yinan Chen::same place the Knicks fans are at.
Bheng Zhuum::What did this city and fans expect? An aging lineup with a wife beater as a coach to play in the playoffs? Goodness NYC was once a proud mecca of REAL basketball....now it's a shell of its former self and it will never get back to that level of play or talent.
Jesse Huber::Ho hum, the Wolves score another 111 points tonight against another bad team. Hey, I won't complain, at least we're not one of the bad teams anymore and we're winning at home for a change. I'll take 8-6, but they need to start beating someone with a pulse before I get too excited.
John Martin::Look at the Wolves starters. Everyone played around 25 minutes and scored around 15 points. Balance brings victory. The Spurs do it all the time which is why they are so successful.
Manuel Paulino::Jason Kid doesn't know what he has seen.  He should return to play for the NETS.  They have not been able to score a basket in 4 minutes.  UGly Ugly UGLY.
J.w. Terry::I have to admit jKidd is in over his head n they should have hired lionel hollins or some vet coach
Mc TopRamen::In Russia, you don't lose basketball.  Basketball loses you.
