Kenny Zhang::The 2-5 Kings who have just come off a win against the nets with a rookie starting. #GoKings!!
Ernest Bagdasaryan::I know right lol, that was a great game. That 5 losses straight had something to do with it. Hopefully they continue playing at this pace for the next 75 games, we might actually sneak into 8th seed. Bad news is, we will lose out on the loaded nba draft and fall out of the lottery.
Paul Voelz::2 points for McLemore in his first start isn't exactly anything to cheer about.
Chad Wiggins::all malone has to do is threaten to play fredette and everybody will shape up and stop playing selfish... nothing motivates this group of selfish bums like thought of fredette getting PT
Andrew Jackson::Fredette is a scrub, there is a reason why he isn't playing...
David Franson::How do you know he is a scrub if he has never been given a chance to prove his NBA worth?  You think his electric college career was a fluke? Oh, sorry you must not have seen any of that.
Christopher James Piotrowski::@david Franson he is a scrub u want the team to play an offensive minded player in a defensive minded team? Yea he was soo good in college because who did he play? No one, the mountain west isn't the most highly renowned conference. Just look what' Adam Morrison did in the pros!
Tim Boyer::I can totally see why the Kings aren't playing Jimmer...their current line up is so effective.
Jacob Fagan::Stop with the Jimmer stuff. Do you really want to watch Jimmer defend the best PGs in the league? Jimmer defending Paul? Jimmer defending Rondo? Jimmer defending Rose? Curry? Rubio? Wall? Even Cole? Williams? Jennings? Lawson? Holiday? MCW?  C'mon man.
John Tedesco::Jacob Fagan How about you stop with the "stop with the Jimmer stuff"
Jack Dawson::John Tedesco How about you  stop with the "stop with the stop with the Jimmer stuff."
Chad Wiggins::u can tell cousins knows he's on espn... ive never seen him up clapping like that before
Brent B Jacoby::me neither and i watch league pass a lot
Cory Nope::Gangsters dont dance- they Boogie.
Chad Wiggins::Cory Nope BOOGIE GOT DRUMMED TONIGHT... as in a nice andre drummond  B SLAP
Jake Gibbs::Josh Smith and Brandon Jennings won this game for Detroit tonight.
Brent B Jacoby::drummond did more than jennings. drummond had like 8 offensive rebounds...and the pistons cannot rebound unless drummond is on the floor
Jake Gibbs::Brent B Jacoby Oh really, so Monroe and Smith can't rebound.  Get a clue.
Brent B Jacoby::Jake Gibbs look at the rebounding stats when monroe and smith are on the floor together, monroe is a terrible at boxing out/can't jump and smith is only averaging 5 boards this year. so as usual....YOUR WRONG. drummond is one of the best rebounders in the league....monroe and smith are WAY BELOW him in rebounding wise. I have watched all year and the pistons struggle rebounding when drummond goes out of the game. they have given up tons of offensive rebounds. don't worry gibbs...keep saying dumb things and one day you might say something true
Jake Gibbs::Drummond's poor interior defense has hurt the Pistons this year.  Drummond's pathetic free throw continues to hurt the Pistons and will absolutely kill Detroit if they ever play a meaningful game.
Cory Nope::Your love of attention and French Indy films is far more disturbing.
Bryan Montella::Look.  I am a UCONN fan and I hate Drummand for tanking at UCONN because he knew he was going to be a high draft pick no matter what.  But you still can't deny his potential to be a dominant 90's style big man in this league.
Michael Joseph Papazian::I think he will get better. It can only come with experience. He turned 20 in August. He is still raw so give the guy a break.
Brandon Hansen::Jimmer fans, jimmer will be traded but they can't trade him until dec. 15, be patient, he will be gone soon and the thugs that are known as the kings will still be a horrible team lol
Bryten Hayes::jimmer not that good. if he was he would play. Isaiah Thomas is much better.
Andrew Jackson::Such cowards hide behind brand names such as "thugs" and such. How about you tell us how you really feel?
Jacob Fagan::You are so delusional.
Stephen Smith::Time for IT to move on.  This is a debunked franchise that has no clue on the value of players.  He does not start, but when he plays he is electric.  Go Figure.
Paul Voelz::Not very practical to start a guy that's 5'9, bigger guards can shoot over him.
Jacob Fagan::Chill man. Did you know that there is new ownership?
Brent B Jacoby::hopefully smith can have more of these stat lines and pistons will easily make the play offs
Jake Gibbs::Drummond...4 turnovers, no blocks, missing his free throws. He is what he is.
Brandon Tigues::don't forget the 15 points and 18 rebounds
Brent B Jacoby::Brandon Tigues 15 pts 18 rebounds AND 1 assist AND 1 STEAL and a whole bunch of other plays that do not show up.  drummond is great at not committing turnovers usually. centers are the most prone for turnovers like DWIGHT HOWARD. he has the best hands of any center in basketball. he gets steals like a guard and has good passing ability  make it 2 STEALS
Jake Gibbs::Brandon Tigues Drummond is a one trick pony.
Bryan Montella::I'm stopping by your boards again, Kings fan.  Is Chad Wiggins your number one Kings fan?
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Bryan Montella  -  His just some guy who apparently is obsessed with the kings. He loves em deep down, but is waiting for them to start winning so he can do what all band wagoners do. Its only game 7.
Chad Wiggins::sacramento would never make that extra pass right there for that corner three
Chad Wiggins::brick after brick after brick after brick... kings are really hard to watch
Mike Day::Kings theme song http://youtu.be/A63VwWz1ij0
Ernest Bagdasaryan::I have seen you in other Kings comments in past games, if you hate the kings so much why do you follow them lol ? The score is 51-54 what is the issue that you have again ? its a very close game. Are you a nets fan ? is it the 21 pts beating that got you upset ? If you have nothing positive to say, its best to not say anything at all. Life lesson, take care !
Chad Wiggins::Ernest Bagdasaryan  ur 2-7 and seven and trying to talk smack about one of ur two lone wins.... and as far as me watching them, u better believe i always have money on whoever plays this pathetic franchise
Andrew Jackson::Crazy that a 5'9 IT can start over a 6'2 JF lol
Jesse Alan::Very Dismal West Coast Trip So Far, Hopefully A Win Against A 1-5 Kings Team Will Get Us Back On Track, I think The More Gigi And KCP Plays The Better!!
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Jesse Alan - Nets fans said the same thing, before kings decimated them by 21 pts. Pistons are next ! Good luck to Drummond and Monroe on guarding COUSINS, they are going to have there hands full on defense.
Jesse Alan::Ernest Bagdasaryan - I Think Drummond Is Gonna Shut Down Cousins, Good Luck You As Well.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Jesse Alan - Very mature response, you wont believe some of the childish comments some grown man post, all because they dont like something you said lol. The reason i believe the kings will win is because of past 4 games in his last 2 years against the pistons, he averaged 20.5 ppg, 11.5 rbs, 1 blk and 2 steals. Plus we are definitely a better team since the 2007 before rick adelman left. I blame the maloofs lol. Something interesting i read, NBA seems to always have a trend regarding big man who succeed in there 4th year for some reason. There was actually an article written about this.
Cory Nope::Jake Gibbs-  0 friends, 0 cool points,
Jake Gibbs::God your weird.
Cory Nope::Like- go on espn and troll Detroit sports forum boards- weird? Or sketchy guy obsessed with stud-lesbians weird?
Jake Gibbs::Cory Nope So you don't like the movie Yentl?  Great flick.
Chad Wiggins::welcome to cornball land...
Timothy J. Casey::KCP starting? Oh shiznit.
James Incredible-Jackson::What an ugly win. We had multiple opportunities to turn this into a rout, but the lack of sync was killing ball movement. And don't even get me started on the spacing and Smith taking 3-pointer after 3-pointer. Hopefully Cheeks will have smoothed out these wrinkles by mid-season.
Guy Burns::Its too early to judge Jennings impact, but early returns are horrible. Even though his PER is good for him, his impact has been highly detrimental. The Pistons O-Efficiency is 5th in the league without him, 28th with him. Yikes. Some PG impact.
Chelsea McKell::8 turnovers for Greivis and 4 for Isiah.  Really, this coach has to go.  Jimmer CAN play defense, CAN shoot the ball, and he very infrequently turns the ball over I am sick of all the HE can't play defense, that is hog wash.  Sacramento is tanking on purpose 6 guards really!!
Matt Mossman::Sorry Chelsea, but you're completely wrong. Detroit leads the NBA in steals with two quick guards with great hands in Jennings and Stuckey. Jimmer's handles are the worst on the roster as far as the guards go. The coach isn't the problem: Jimmer's game is.
Jacob Fagan::You are wrong Chelsea, plain & simple.
Jacob Fagan::All this Jimmer stuff. STOP.
Jeffrey Lewis::i was at the pistons/warriors game  Tuesday night and the pistons are  not a very good team! the warriors handled them with ease so the kings must be really  awful losing to the piston at home. how can jimmer fredette  not even get into the last two games on such a lousy team!
Brent B Jacoby::the warriors shot like 60 percent from 3...you live by the 3 your eventually going to die by the 3
Cory Nope::Detroit has no perimeter shooting- State is loaded with it. What do you expect? lol
Matt Moffett::Interesting. Another loss in a winnable game and another Jimmer DNP. The Kings deserve to lose every game this season. Sit tight Jimmer, the end of your HELL is coming soon.
Jacob Fagan::he isn't good
Jacob Fagan::Jimmer vs Jennings? hmm…I wonder who would win that battle? Jimmer does not have good handles & Jimmer does not have good on ball defensive ability. Jennings & Bynum are too quick for him. CHILL with the Jimmer stuff.
John Tedesco::Jacob Fagan - He's too good to get DNP-CD's. Not every dude in the league is a defensive stopper, but Jimmer can hurt a defense with his deep shooting ability and passing skills. Why Sacremento doesn't play him I don't understand.
Bryan Montella::Drummond is looking good in the pros.  To bad I am a UCONN fan and i will always remember Drummond never playing hard in college.  He knew he was going to be a high draft pick and decided to tank it at UCONN.  That's why I hate the one and done rule.
Brent B Jacoby::yea right...he played with two ball hog/ball dominant point guards who had no idea how to feed a big man. not hard to feed drummond some oops...but they never did
Bryan Montella::It's weird seeing Rasheed Wallace being an assistant coach now.  I wonder if he still screams "Ball don't lie" whenever the other team misses a free throw.  The need for Sheed.
Chad Wiggins::look on the bright side king fans... u set that noise record tonight.... starting to think thats all this franchise is... a bunch of loud uncontrollable noise
