Greg Bosgraaf::Time to finally put a 1 in the divisional win column! Fun fact for the day: The Grizzlies are the only team in the League to have a losing record at home and a winning record on the road.
John Badrov::Griz are hard to watch. They terrible at times.
Peter Krane::Hopefully, our winning streak will continue.  Grizzlies have been needing a decent winning streak to get back into the playoff hunt.  Johnson and Lee are looking to be great additions to the team.  Don't count the Pelicans out, they can win if Grizzlies don't stay on top of their game.  Grit N Grind Grizzlies!!
Diane Trubic::The Pelicans seem to beat us at home every time.  I hope we can win this one.
Cody Perin::What does Davis's all star votes look like?? It would be down right wrong if he doesn't make it by coaches pick.
Greg Bosgraaf::http://www.nba.com/timberwolves/news/love-rubio-among-wests-vote-leaders-nba-all-star-balloting-third-returns
Greg Bosgraaf::The fan vote is always a joke though. I think he's a borderline all-star in the west just because he has been out a while. That kid can hoop though no doubt!
Bmonster McCarthy::Won't happen. NBA voting is done by the 'fans', the overwhelming majority of whom appear to be mostly watch the occasional game, but mostly ESPN highlights. Guys who miss 75% or even the entire 1st half of the season make the team.
Russ Caughron::another botched call by the refs.......hand clearly inside the basket
Brett Reid::this is some top coaching right here, grizz can't score to save their lives
Shanny Salcedo::Courtney Lee for Jerryd Bayless might be the trade of the season
Greg Bosgraaf::Why can't we beat the teams that we're supposed to beat?
Casiano Servaz Tubana III::Beat em Pelicans we got this game
Memphis Tenn::Go Grizzlies!!!
Kenny Newhouse::Go Grizz! Keep on Rollin!
Treyvon Carter::AD is an all star
Daniel Haba::The Grizzlies have GOT to find someone better than Prince to put in the starting lineup if they want to do anything better than a first round exit. Personally, when Tony Allen gets back, I think they should start Conley, Allen and Lee in the backcourt. Lee for Bayless was an amazing trade!
Shanny Salcedo::Put James Johnson in the starting lineup
Greg Bosgraaf::I think you both are right. I think just a JJ for Tayshaun swap into the starting lineup and put TA back in the starting lineup when he is healthy though. Having Lee as a 6th man will be a fantastic spark off of the bench. For all of the hate that was going on early this season, this front office is fantastic and has made some great moves, like the Bayless trade.
Peter Krane::Courtney Lee with 13!!! And, Prince with 5!  Prince usually is not a scorer for the Grizzlies.  Slow, sloppy start, but at least the Grizzlies still have a chance to win.
Kaden Brady::I HOP NEW ORLEANS  PELICIAN WIN THIS GAME  THEIR RECORD WILL BE 16-24.AND I HOP NEW ORLEANS PELICANS  WIN THE RESET OF THEIR GAME RECORD 24-24
Matt Roberts::so who gets paid to write the game previews for ESPN? Tyreke Evans is NOT out injured. ESPN - you are useless.
Cam Perry::Anthony Davis and Dame Lillard are easily the two best players of last years draft class
Steve Broome::Congrats to Austin Rivers on the best game of his career.
Studio 117::How can this sorry A$$ memphis team win 5 f-king games in a row...
Bmonster McCarthy::Another outstanding game from Davis.
John Badrov::Way to show up Griz. Too many games like this.
Justin Ian Hall::did they push the start of this game
Shanny Salcedo::I'm still wondering y we didnt keep Gilbert arenas
John Badrov::Wow Griz terrible at home.
Casiano Servaz Tubana III::Lets Geaux Pelicans
