Gejsi Marku::"Lin is gaining some momentum.. Let's replace him"  - McHale (trollface)
HanCheng Hsiung::McFail's treatment of Lin is unbelievable.  Win or Loss, it is pretty obvious that the guy does not value Lin's game.  Lin needs to force a trade
Karl Heu::Why take Lin out right now....He's Heating up....Dumb coaching again.
Cheeno Orbida::I don't see the logic in taking Lin out right after they look like they are having momentum.
Karl Heu::I agree....He just had a bank shot
Hugh Le::That's because McHale don't want Lin to out shine his starters.
Bo Sun::McFail is scared of linsanity coming alive
HanCheng Hsiung::Lin actually started the 4Q come back and only to be iced and insulted by McFail,  what a jerk
Jacob Chen::He played for a while without a break. McHale was probably going to put him back him after a few minutes but that second unit went on a crazy run. McHale did the right thing and the Rockets won.
Suri Yusof::Luckily the bench steps up to pull away the win
Brady Simon::Jacob Chen You are exactly right Jacob
Karl Heu::With the right coach who believes in Lin, he could be an All-Star......Let him dribble the ball, play close to 40 minutes a game, stop taking him out when he has a good rhythm
Elijah Rochford::but you do wanna rest him, the dude played 30+ mins tonight and its a long season
Karl Heu::Elijah Rochford McFail takes him out when he led the 4th quarter comeback.....Don't do that when the guy is doing good.....That's what people call hater coach
Jacob Chen::He was just getting a break and that second unit went on a crazy run and won us the game. Calm down.
James Baron::can we package mcfail and asik for a better coach and a first round pick
Karl Heu::The team is better off without Ball Hog Harden....more ball movement
Taylor Schoppa::lol, that is why Harden leads the team in assists?
Karl Heu::Harden ....5 shots for every 1 assists
Taylor Schoppa::Karl Heu lol you did your math wrong, it is roughly 3 shots per assist.
Bo Sun::Put JLin and D12 back in please. Need to finish strong.
Hugh Le::Lin is playing great, why McHale not playing him?
Joe Brooks::Probably because McHale is a bad coach?
Gejsi Marku::That's the question of the century
Elijah Rochford::I know right, I dont understand 0.o but McHail is known for that type of coaching
HanCheng Hsiung::Yeah, Lin in for garbage time, wow,
Brady Simon::Garcia fouled out. If garcia does not foul out he would have never been put back in because he wasn't apart of the group that got us the lead.
Derek Le::Brady Simon actually, Lin was part of the group that got back the lead.   But that doesn't discount anything you said; I'm just stating the points.
HanCheng Hsiung::Amazing, McFail kept Lin on the bench and letting Ormi/Garica to brick the 3s.  Speechless
Kamuela Kane::wow...36 sec left in game and Links put back in. Hmmmm, I have no idea why now
Suri Yusof::Garcia fouled out. Lin been good on defense ths gae
Julian Guzman::the group was playing well, Garcia fouled out, the reason why Lin was put back in, Brooks got injured and did not return and Harden is already out
Kamuela Kane::so, there's 5:44 left in 2nd quarter and McFail has yet to insert JLin back on the floor?? Why is Beverly still in?
Jeremy Gingrich::cause he plays this thing called DEFENSE. I am a Lin fan too but let's be honest that isn't his strong suit
Asad Qureshi::why do all asians just come to rockets boards and complain about something lin-related. he's playing well in his role, which is best for the TEAM. he's much better this year off the bench than he was last yr starting. beverley is a better defender and was the reason conley had so much trouble tonight. if conley gets his normal 20 points the rockets lose, and that is the bottom line. how about enjoying a team that is 10-5 and not making it into a homer race favoritism issue?
Karl Heu::Beverley a better defender...but not a better overall player.....Lin needs to start and dribble the ball......And why not?.....he's the only Asian playing in the game today.....Why not support him?
Aaron Bray::Karl Heu support is one thing, bagging others is another
Elijah Rochford::correction Bev only a better defender depending on the guard he's guarding and he Lin still play well along side Harden so it doesn't matter if he starts or not but I understand the whole asian thing but they are right...half the time lol
Brady Simon::These people complaing about Lin's minutes obviously do not know how LONG the NBA season is.. Just look what happen to Kobe last year when he started playing too many minutes. Lin had 30 minutes tonight, and if gets too many minutes his body could give out on him like Kobe and he could be injured which means he will get 0 minutes.
Richard Nguyen::When they played the wolves Lin's confidence seemed a little lacking or it could've been jello legs syndrome . Its a really long season and The rotations need to be consistent . Don't need players all messed up at the beginning of the season . The guys on the floor were holding their own and winning the game so McHale went with that line up for the rest of the game.
Brady Simon::Richard Nguyen Correct.. It's hard right now for the rotations to be more consistent because Harden is out so Lin is going from the bench to starting.  Although, i'm all for keeping in the hottest lineup in the 4th even if it may not be the starters. The reason McHale kept Beverley out there in the 4th was because Beverley did such a good job shutting down Conley all game.
Jason W. Han::Let's vote - (1) A team roster without James Harden, everyone else stays the same (2) With James Harden. I'll take (1) all day everyday. Reason being: We've got enough scoring powers. What we really need is a better team chemistry and better offensive tempo throughout the game. Without Harden, we are becoming a 4-qrt killer instead of a 4-qrt disappearing act. (Tell me how many times in the 4th quarter you were saying this to yourself: "Harden, would you pls stop shooting the Fking ball!" since LAST YEAR) Why am I being so emphatic? I was at Dallas watching the game with the best seat. Nothing worse than being turned around by17 pts in the 4th quarter EVER!
Brady Simon::2 will take us further in the post season so I'll take 2. You and most Asians will take 1 because Lin will get more minutes but with Harden the team will be more consistent because Harden is consistently good.
Yinan Chen::you should check the Rocket's W/L record without harden over the last 2 years. Their offense actually does flow just as well without him and their defense is far better without him.
Jacob Chen::Wow, I hope you're kidding. Harden's a stud but he's hurt. However, I'll agree that they need more ball movement in the fourth because we have so many scoring options. McHale needs to draw more plays for the team.
Amit Mehta::Everyone stop complaining about Lin. Do you like the rockets or Lin? I mean even when he was put on the bench, the five guys out there play amazing and we didn't need Lin at that time. I love Lin, but you have to do what's best for the team.
Hugh Le::Lin out performed Beverly in every level still mchail chose Beverly like a good son.  No justice for Lin.
Brady Simon::Beverley completely shut down Mike Conley.
Aaron Bray::not in minutes played. hahaha
Greg Bosgraaf::Conley was like 2-14 from the field tonight, he was shooting over 50% from the field this season. Beverley was your MVP tonight.
Hugh Le::Let start petition to get mchail fire.
Karl Heu::I agree, he sucks....don't know what he's doing.
Brady Simon::Lets start a petition to get you off this board
Chingwen Huo::I feel sad for your kid to have a father like you.
Karl Heu::McFail, put D12 and Lin back in.....
Dale Araki::Lin fans don't actually seem to care about winning the game; just how many points Lin scores.  I thought only agents thought that way.
Jacob Chen::Seriously, the Rockets board is the only board where fans complain about winning a game. I  personally give Lin my whole support but people have to be objective when it comes to basketball.
Kamuela Kane::That remarks about Lin fans not caring about winning shows just how much you know about them - narrow as a crack on the sidewalk.
Brady Simon::Jacob Chen I'm serious, you are by far my favorite Lin fan. I'm just purely a rockets fan so I root for Lin to do well because that means the rockets will probably do well.
Gejsi Marku::That awkward moment Rockets win 2 in a row without Harden
Brady Simon::That awkward moment when people think you're an idiot for thinking this team is better w/o Harden
Kamuela Kane::Brady Simon YOU are the idiot. Hate written all over you.
Jeremy Gingrich::that awkward moment when you realize Rockets wouldn've even made the playoffs last year because he carried the offense on his back
David Gabbay::Rockets gonna kick some butt especially because gasol is out. Rockets 109. Grizzlies 96.
Kyle Parker::Not looking good for you
Karl Heu::Even if you like Lin or not, got to appreciate that he doesn't whine about being benched, his playing time, or anything.....the guy is a true professional and that's why people like him......Of course, the win is great.....When the team wins, all the players look good.
Steven Anacker::No one would disagree with that comment. Even his biggest detractors.
Ethan Hunt::are you done with kissing lin's as5 karly?
