David Chen::James Harden needs to stop playing hero ball and tries to do everything himself, and let the team flow as a collective unit.  Watching Harden, game after game, hold on to the ball at the top of key, wait 4-5 seconds, dribbles for another  5-6 seconds, and if nothing is there kick out to the poor soul that has only 2 seconds left on the shot block to do anything with the ball.  McHale kept letting Harden play hero-ball, and it sure is great to see if Harden has his touch and everything falls in, but when things don't go well (which is majority of the time, ESPN will only highlight the good times and ignore the bad times), then the Rockets are playing bad.  For a team like Rockets with virtually offensive weapons in any position they shouldn't be struggling to score on any given night.
David Boston::Where did he mention Lin.....
Elijah Rochford::@Alphonso SMH either you really think hero ball is the key to a championship or you get a boner every time harden has the ball in he's hands btw Lin is a PG...
Elijah Rochford::@lol exactly the dude is just a troll
Steven Anacker::I get more nervous when the Rockets play bad teams than when they play good ones.
Keith Dennis::Sacramento Kings would be 82-0 if they played the Rockets every night
Matthew Lor::J LIN!!!!!
David Chen::Alphonso should really go back to school and learn how to read because whoever he's replying to it sure wasn't me.  I also love his "I am not a racist" every other sentences.  (My take: he saw an Asian American post, so he immediately blasted Lin; he realized he was being racist, so he kept saying how he is *not* a racist)  Heh heh
Jacob Chen::LMAO he blocked me because he couldn't out-debate me last game now I can't see his posts.
Bbears Eighteight::I see the Rockets finally are letting their PG play the PG position.
Leland Wong::Man, DW12 and TJ are kilas and they want JL to handle the ball not JH who hogs it.
Matt Beggs::Terrence Jones is really growing as the season goes along
Craig Keller::steroids maybe?
Leland Wong::If the Rox feel this way and JL is not happy they should part ways, I believe that JL will show that he is worth 15M due him next year.
Ayn Bland::Not even in a parallel universe is Lin worth $15M.
Karl Heu::Ayn Bland Not even in a parallel universe is Dwight Howard worth 20 mil a year.....and for more than 5 years.....Trust me Lin brings in way more more than the crappy 15 mil he'll make next year.....Don't hate the guy getting paid....they offer he signed....wouldn't you? hahhahahaha
Jason Rosenbaum::Karl Heu Can't tell if you're trolling or if you don't watch basketball. Dwight Howard not worth a max contract? Are you insane? He's easily a top 10 player.  That said, Jeremy Lin's contract next year only counts 8 million toward the salary cap, and he's worth 8 million with his production this season. He wouldn't have been worth it last season.
Wild Silverback::game over... no heart from Boston.. SMH
Rohan Ravishankar::GOOD, we need these wins to keep up in that stupid tough Western Conference. Besides, you've got the Sox, Pats and Bruins all doing well.
Mike Burke::hopefully the Rockets don't take the Celtics lightly. Even the crapbag teams win a few  games.
Leland Wong::If JH would just play SG and play a little defense the Rox would win. When JH plays beyond his scope of competence then the Rox get into trouble. Yes JH is the key with his talent but need to play within himself.
Craig Keller::instead of with himself?
Leland Wong::If it was not for JH's ball hogging, DW12 would average 22 pts a game, 14 rebs a game , 4 assists a game , 3 blocks a game and 1 stl a game As it is he is not too far it, he is well worth 27 M a yr but he is only getting 18 M.
Leland Wong::T Jones is having a monster game already, this man is a keeper. Team player and hustles like there is no tomorrow.
Spencer Williams::I don't think Green is that bad he just has to be the third option on offense.
Wild Silverback::Nice 2nd quarter there Celtics... LOLOLOLOLOL !
Laurence Chu::Lin showed his improvement on every match.
Travis Antoin Williams::Not Tennis, or Soccer. It is called a game.
Laurence Chu::Travis Antoin Williams  haha didnt know it lol
Nbafan Nbafan::The Rocket chemistry is coming along.  A lot of lobs to Dwight.  Just like the old Magic team with Dwight.  But this team is an improved version because the perimeter guys not only can shoot 3s and also they can drive too.  The old magic team can only shoot 3s and much slower.
Ethan Hunt::it's the celtics they played last night.... sometime bad teams will make your offense looks better than it actually is.
Yinan Chen::Houston can win a good % of games with injuries on their roster as long as Parsons isn't injured. They win without Harden, Lin, and Beverly when these three are injured. They totally get owned when Parsons is out.
Liam Sibson::Not sure if I should be proud, or just shake my head at the loyalty of us Boston fans.  12 of 13 lost and they're up against the Rockets at full strength and they still maintain the same attendance level.
Liam Sibson::Way to go Jeff Green! 4 Points!  Now I understand why he played off of the bench in OKC. Get rid of this bum, get rid of all of them...
Prakash Upreti::its just 6 points and first quarter we can do it come on houston !!!! Go Houston Rockets
Liam Sibson::The 2013-2014 Celtics might be one of the worst basketball teams of all time.  Book it.
Joseph Swain::its a2013-2014 celtic "tank season" trying to get wiggins.its a gamble...lol
Leland Wong::JL missed two shots and did not play good defense on Avery Bradley will be benched for a long time.
Elijah Rochford::Imma big fan of Lin but him being benched is understandableas long as eveyone else get the same treatmentincludingJH
Elijah Rochford::*including JH
YK Kau::Leland Wong I guess u didn't watch the game, Bradley was Har_en's man.  Jlin  was guarding Crpwfprd 3-11.  Bradley had his way all night on Har_en!
Leland Wong::Sampson for reasons other than racism and bias, I do not know why he does not like Lin.
