The Godfather::Love the blue-collar swagger of this Pacers team and think their coach is top drawer! No cause for alarm dropping one game, but Pacers need to remember that they're on a Mission to have the best record in the NBA, especially better than the "evil" Miami Heat to have home-court advantage in playoffs.  If they let down or loose focus and drop a number of games all bets are off. Every game they play is important whether playing top teams or average teams. They need to really get pumped/prepared to play smart and hard for the rest of this key road trip. No let downs this year!
aaron chorpening::If any of you  fine folks have not yet had a chance to watch phoenix play I strongly encourage you to do so, the suns are  a real treat to watch and they are a hell of a good story so far this year with first year head coach jeff hornacek, it all starts with him, he was a walk on at Iowa State in college, ended up being one of the best 3 pt shooters in school history, went on to play for the suns and jazz, in 14 career seasons in the nba he was on 11 playoff teams, and now he is a head coach in the nba, the guy is a winner and its rubbing off on the young suns team.
NBAs Greatest Coach::Pacers fans seem bitter after getting whooped last night.  Its like they were expecting it.
it is what it is::I have to love the "cheap entertainment" I get from the little heat fans.  As soon as the Pacers lose a game they scurry right over to post their drivel.  "Hibbert ain't nothing.  Yada yada yada."  Newflash for you little girlie heat fans:  Hibbert OWNS Miami.  You know it and we know it.  The heat are so scared of Hibbert they had to run out and sign Greg Oden.  LMFAO  The dude with 70 year old knees isn't going to be your savior.  He's played what?  10 minutes this whole season?  LMFAO   Scared, scared scared.  Without home court and the refs helping you there will be NO three peat.  Gotta get to the finals first and that ain't happenin' this year.  Face it, your "boys" are old and on their way out.  Next season, you won't even know your team.  Oh wait, next season you won't even BE heat fans because Lebron is going to skip town on you just like he did with the Cavs.  You're all just too dumb to see it.  But when that happens you'll just scurry away like little rodents and probably start rooting for the Magic.  LMAO  Not to mention how much badmouthing you'll give Lebron for leaving.
Django::Good game...Indiana's got that target on their back now, every game they're gunning for you. Contender problems...My Suns had it from 2004-2010. It's a good problem to have. Hopefully we become a contender again soon.
it is what it is::After this game the Pacers will be halfway through their schedule for the season (41 games).  All things being equal, they are on a path to win at least 66 games (currently 33 and 7).  Expecting another good game @ Phoenix.  The Suns are another challenge for the Pacers defense.
it is what it is::One of the big reasons the Pacers are holding teams below their averages is transition defense.  They don't allow teams to run.  They get beat occasionally, but overall, they usually keep teams to a half court offense which is the Pacers "game".  Scola didn't play all that well against Golden State.  He is more of a catch and shoot kind of player.  His ball handling doesn't look all that great in the low post.  I agree with D.  Looking forward to Plumlee and Green playing against their former team.  Plumlee didn't get any playing time in Indiana due to the roster depth.  That's the main reason he got traded.  It's good to see him find a "home" in Phoenix and get to play.
Jeff is the best::Suns are just shooting out of their minds. Just one of those games for Indiana.
Guest::Here come the Heat bandwagon. They are so excited that the Pacers lost one for Miami.
D::Pacers are on a mission this year. Sure am hoping that Scola can have a better game than he has recently had and  a little excited to see how Miles Plumlee  that supposed bad draft pick by Larry Bird is doing. From the chart above it appears he is starting. Good trade for both teams and good luck to both teams.
