Chris M::They shoot good from the field, shoot real good from 3-point land, and shoot great from the free throw stripe.  The rebound good, distribute the ball real good, they block shots and steal balls.  There starting five is almost as good as any in the league.  The bench with CJ is continuing to improve and has size, depth, speed, and overall talent with some veteran leadership.  This team might actually make the FINALS.  I suspect this year will be the learning curve in the playoffs and next year will really be there year with CJ, Lopez  and Trob having two with the team and a good experiencing at winning and going home early from the playoffs.  But the core has a long, bright future as long as LA stays and it sounds like he is staying.
Chris M::These Blazers boys can flat out shoot and score.  I do not want to hear a peep about their defense either, they outscore their opponents by nearly 9 a game.  Furthermore, the good old 'Showtime' of the Lakers scored a few more per game and also gave up over a 100 a game - but they were fun as he11 to watch and won a whole lot of games in the process.  I think there are 4-5 in the Hall of Fame from the original 'Showtime' squad - enough said.
Anton::Blazers are actually pretty scary. They dominate the Spurs easily. And no other team can say that.
shane::The media still will barely even acknowledge the Blazer's who are barely behind Spurs for the best record in the west. They may have slipped a little in the last few weeks but so have all the other great teams in the NBA. I guess that's what you get when you don't have any over hyped, loud mouthed superstars on your team.
Tony::Good, let the rest of the nation not recognize or appreciate this team, because it will be a surprise to all of them when Portland continues to beat the top teams. Being in the limelight isn't all it's cracked up to be. A.K.A. the Sports Illustrated curse. I like it just was it is.
Riting::Oregonians see this development through jaded eyes. We've been fooled before by Blazer's teams that shone during the season, and then whiffed come playoff time. Although, Oregonians are most pleased the "jailblazers" no longer exist.
HughJohnson::Look out Dallas it's payback time, The Red Hot Blazers are coming for you!    "There's an old saying in Tennessee — I know it's in Texas, probably in Tennessee — that says, fool me once, shame on — shame on you. Fool me — you can't get fooled again." Quoted from from some guy from Texas.
John::Actually it was Portland's 2nd team squad getting it put to them by Dallas's 3rd team.. no worries Portland can win all the regular season games, they don't have a chance coming out of the weak west
Richard::Charles Barkley is an idiot.  These Blazers are the real deal!  So much fun to watch.
Michael::This is awesome!!! Go Blazers!!!   CJ Mcollum is actually a baller!  Their bench just became legit, so watch out NBA!!!
