Michael::Remembering how the T'Wolves started 5-2 last season before the injuries started popping up, that's when everything started falling apart. This team has depth (last season the depth wasn't there). DNP: Williams, Muhammed, Hummel, Dieng, Price, and then they're getting back Budinger back soon too! I'll be very surprised if this team doesn't make the playoffs. A playoff run wouldn't surprise me either.
Rebecca Black::T'Wolves! Finally a team with some white guys!
Johan Benjamen::I am not thrilled with the 3 point shooting from Love either, but with Pek it's the perfect 4 n 5 combo to stretch the defense. Love will never be a dominant low post guy, and I'm fine with that as long as him and rubio get the pick and roll game going.
Commenter::twolves have more white players than black players so more people in favor of artificial marriage equality. love this team but really should get Jason Collins - the only black who would improve this team
Cyril::I am a Kevin Love fan, but I don't like seeing the 8 three-point attempts.  Seems like he lost so much weight that he's having a harder time getting position on the block on offense.  At least he is still rebounding like a man possessed.
Dan::If the Wolves stay healthy, it should be a great season. Go Wolves!
ThomasG::Hummel and Moore reunite! BTFU!
Rich::Love is a beast.
Dan::It's only the first game, but that was a very sloppy fourth quarter by the Wolves. Need to do a much           better job closing teams out, especially teams on a back to back. I don't know why Pek and Brewer sat on the bench so long in the fourth quarter. Rubio and Martin were pretty awful before coming up big in overtime. K-Love bailed the Wolves out tonight.   Looks to be another high scoring affair on Friday against the Thunder. Wolves swept them at home last year and Westbrook is out. Let's clean it up a bit and move to 2-0.   Go Wolves!
snoop::yeah nice start for the wolves.... love got double with 31pts and 17reb. while rubio had 13pts. and 11ast. martin add 23pts.... bench score 26pts for the wolves... while the magic had 41pts frm there bench...
