Daymeon Craig::Where all the PACERS haters at  y'all got quiet!!! 6-0  on the way
Wesley N Deanna Cupp::Ha ha right have to love them haters it its allways bulls fans heat fans already know to shut up they understand we are a good team
Gary Krall::6 - 0, six games in. Relax a little...............breath!!
Corey Pyle::There's very few people in the NBA who have size, skill, athleticism and high IQ. And even fewer that have it on both offense and defense. George is one of those few. The only thing he needs is to show consistency and I think he'll do that
Samuel Baffour::2-15 shooting from DeRozan???...good game Pacers
Daymeon Craig::6-0  PACERS!!!!!!
Shane Barnick::Hibbert=DPOY
Jonah Swidan::At least this thread should be free of horrendous Bulls fans, hopefully.  God their fans are so delusional!!!!   Go Pacers and please learn how to beat the Raptors at home!!   Only East team last year to beat us at home TWICE!!!
Patrick Bolner::delusional and arrogant
Zack Schooler::I had forgotten that the Raptors beat us twice at home last year. Hopefully Lance and Paul get back to shooting it well tonight
Rönald Clärk::Wonder what the IQ level is of people on here..  Go pacers!!
Corey Pyle::Aaron Winegar Higher THAN, not then...THAN. I'm pretty sure he was talking about you...
Nate Rose::Corey Pyle better get some aloe for that burn aaron
Mary Jo Frost::lol.....Aaron, you just showed yours!!
Sloto Mania::NBA is rigged, Heat will win again.
Jonah Swidan::Way to go PACERS!!!   6-0!!!
Michael Murphy::Here we go, going for 6-0!!!
Dan Elmore::What?!  Wait.  ESPN has a Pacers headline.  If this team had a Knicks, Lakers, Heat(s) jerseys on then you would already be nauseated from the media coverage.  I hope Fox Sports 1 can get their act together and put a dent in this band of jokers.  When the "talent" believes they are bigger than the games and players, it is time for some competition to know them down a peg or fifty.
Roger Boyd::Another day, another beating. Next up for a trip to the woodshed are the Brooklyn Nets.
Jeff Townsend::Hibbert is an absolute beast.  I really, really like his game.
Jonah Swidan::Lance is BACK!!!
DeShaun Truce Turner::Paul George Mvp
Joe Betz::Need to get this and move confidently into the game against the Nets.  Pacers have 3 quality wins so far this season: home against Chicago, away at NO and Detroit.  This wouldn't be a quality win, but it would be a "taking care of business" type of night...you know, what you want to do against the Sixers.
ScottandKari Baderman::NO and Detroit are quality wins? Really? Heck, Chicago is harldy a quality win.
Joe Betz::ScottandKari Baderman NO opening night away, with a talented squad and healthy Gordon, it was the Pacers closest game this season.  Detroit will end the season as a 4 seed in the East...their starting five is that good, and the pressure their bench can bring (IN had 9 points in the ENTIRE second quarter) is legit.
Jonah Swidan::ScottandKari Baderman Lol Im sorry if the Bulls is hardly a quality win, THEN WHO IS??   We don't play the Heat 82 times a year.  DIPSHIT
Ettore Ciancarelli::I know it is very early in the season but the Heat should be worried about the Pacers. This is a young team that will only get better. How much better can the Heat really get?
Samuel Baffour::name 1 quality team that the Pacers have faced so far?
Igor Yank::Samuel Baffour chicago bulls
Keith Haemmerle::Samuel Baffour Name 1 quality team Miami has played...and they have lost to them...
Eric Breshears::Nice start but these games are meaningless. It was probably better for the Pacers when less was expected of them.
Corey Pyle::That's very subjective. If a team isn't ready for the big lights then that team probably would be more suited to "fly under the radar". However, a complete team that has already proved it can go toe-to-toe with "the best" -- on a big stage no less -- with a budding superstar and now depth...that's not a team that typically shies away from bigger challenges. It embraces them. And btw, these games are only "meaningless" if you expect that this squad is simply going to fold the rest of the season. If you truly believe that then you truly haven't watched them closely enough
Lornet Prather::The reason the Spurs have been great these Duncan years is because of all the NBA teams they seem to consistently try and win every quarter, half and game they play in; even when Pop sits Duncan or Ginobelli is out.  No one could ever accuse them of coasting.  The Pacers are doing the right thing, trying to win every game they play.
Andrew Wills::Welcome back Tyler and DJ... but frankly you should have a disapointing night.  This team needs to keep beating the teams it should beat.  Pacers by lets say 12ish
Jonah Swidan::So sick and tired of the Pacers always downplaying the RAPTORS!!!   That is a mediocre team the Pacers ALWAYS struggle with!!   BTW I hope Lance is ok
Kool Kev::Looks like Indiana and Miami again, after that stunt Brooklyn pulled tonight!!!
Shanny Salcedo::do you actually believe the nets are better than the pacers lol
Zack Schooler::Need to take care of business here. Hopefully Hill is back for this one.  Also, hopefully we can give the starters a few extra minutes of rest since we play in Brooklyn on Saturday
Corey Pyle::Yeah, that would be nice. Only thing though is that the target on their back only gets bigger every time they win. Raptors always play them tough for some reason, too
Jeffery Austin::Dam this Indy team looks good.......Miami still gonna beat that asz though
Mark Randy Myers::Great start and without one of our best players even suiting up yet
Steve McRae::You're talking about Larry Bird right? LOL
Jonah Swidan::Never trust a man with two first names!!  PAUL GEORGE is ballin!!!
