pmr04002::Cardiac Kemba!!!
Steelersrule743::T-Wolves fans need to quit dwelling over the loss. Bobcats were bound to end the 16 game home losing streak. It just so happens they broke the streak on a game winning 3.
brohani::twinsbaseball8791...you lost twice to charlotte. Get over it...quit being bitter that you lost. sorry that your team only has 6 more wins than the "pathetic" charlotte bobcats. man up. move on. hope your team gets healthy and makes the playoffs next year   p.s..injuries are part of the game. quit using it as a crutch
American Man 1776::I don't hear much from the idiot Kevin Love haters...this team resembles the D-League without him. Enjoy the cellar. KL42.
mark35345::I wished I saw the game - from the box score - small ball with Sessions, Walker, Gordon, and Henderson running circles around the Wolves. If Curry, Jack, and Thompson can do it in GS - the Bobcats do it with 4 quick guys around that BB rebounding monster in the post.
Twinsbaseball8791::They lost 16 straight at home they aren't doing any of that action you just described. Reality check time.
Twinsbaseball8791::Congrats Charlotte you beat a team that was missing 4/5 starters at home. Impressive
Twinsbaseball8791::You lost 16 straight at home. Your team is terrible. At least we have a future. Wooooooooo
brohani::we do too. sorry our rebuilding project hasnt been going on for the last what...8 years? we had a playoff team 3 years ago. something you didnt
AGirlThatLovesSports_::yep and they still couldn't beat the Bobcats without their starters. Ouuuch.  Series Swept! Win Win Situation!
brohani::bitter
vermincain2::Rubio is the worst player in the NBA...
FastFash::Man the wolves stink! They should go sign the fan from miami that won 75k on that half court shot. lol...hes got range for a short chubby guy
mark35345::The Wolves will prosper once David Kahn is fired - it's as simple as that...
seniorgong::imitation is the best form of flattery and who gave you fangs lol
WatergateSwagTheSecond::Lakers &gt; Wolves
FastFash::Duke &gt; Wolves
Chris72077::Kemba was so close to that trip dubs
Rip City Forever::Hey wolves fans. Hey atleast Rubio had a pretty good game!
Councilman Fred Ebberd::kemba walker= baller
Hans0184::damn my wolves are pathetic.... how does kemba walker get 8 rebounds too?
Hayden4741::luckily most of our players have next year on their contract give or take a few player and team options so hopefully the t wolves can try it again next year
Kobelies247::Rubio still playing?
Kobelies247::been pathetic for a long time...
Rip City Forever::Kobelies!!!! HahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaHahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaHahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaHahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaHahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaHahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaHahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
roll_n_riot::OMG Bobcats, you were supposed to let the Wolves win so that the Lakers would keep sucking $@% at the bottom of the conference
Grant-Coleman::i was at the game that 3 pointer was awesome and the lady cats are so hot
AvengedByCats::I'm taking a screen shot of this and tweeting it.
yata-9arasu::Hmmmmmmmm... How is Rubio doing?  Irving hit another game winning 3.....
MNsportsfan77::Against the Raptors. Embarrassing they needed a last second shot to beat them.
XxLeprechaunxX::the cavs are worse than the raptors though
yata-9arasu::Did you see the team Irving has around him???  3 game winning streak.  Kyrie averaging 31 pts per game in the last 5...
XxLeprechaunxX::as im sure you know, rubio has been god awful since his return, although he was much better tonight
XxLeprechaunxX::this game was surprisingly entertaining
oblique15::When the Wolfs are good they don`t make the playoffs lol  And when bad lose to the Bobcats  KG was loyal but bet hes glad they kicked him out!
tha mook::you already wasted time with him and he got the better of you I am afraid.
MNsportsfan77::What were you trying to say with this?  I'm guessing English is a second language for you.
MNsportsfan77::Haha.  Yea, not gonna waste any time one something that can't even speak English.
oblique15::lol Hurt the feelings I see  Truth Hurts
MNsportsfan77::Changed it because I doubt someone as dumb as you knows more than one.
oblique15::5th
WellUmmDurr::Welcome back to doormat status, Wolves.  Get healthy and try again next year.
FastFash::You got That right... being mediocre didnt even last that long!!!.
polomontana::D-Will gets a double double and Adelman plays Cunningham 30 minutes???
famousfoot1000::18 minutes!! let him playyyyyyyyyyyyy, this team is freeeeeeefalllllllling. let him play and get better. cunningham is what he is not going to get better
Not Not A Wolves Fan::or he could play better and get minutes
Minnysota Vikings::D-will is not in the Wolves future so why would we let him play just for the sake of it?
Minnysota Vikings::Dude.....D-will was god AWFUL in this game.
Minnysota Vikings::and that double double he had yesterday was on 6-17 shooting. Still very bad.
Kujosh54321::Such a crazy game at the end. I honestly was not expecting hendo to step up. Even though the twolves were without half their team, I'm glad we ended the home losing streak. Good luck twolves fans, I will be pulling for you guys to make the playoffs.
MNsportsfan77::Lol wolves won't be making the playoffs.
ThomasCarr::Im a man Im Forty. - He's better than George and Holliday... George goes as a forward anyway right?  Jrue Holiday is a beast. He averages more points more efficiently, assists, rebounds, and blocks than Kemba. Plus, he's one of the best defenders in the NBA. As great as Kemba is, he's not as good as Jrue. Though I admit, Jrue needs to work on controlling his turnovers and I believe Kemba could average more assists than Jrue if Kemba had better weapons.
8026jsj::Do you think the Thunder would trade Lamb for Henderson or the the first pick?
WHEATH00::bobcats fan here would take that deal in a heartbeat. Hendo is not likely going to be back next year at a reasonable rate. He probably is not the SG of the future, but then again i think i have too high of regard for Lamb as well
cmbates92::Bobcats would not even consider it.
ThomasCarr::MIN-ORL trade  http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=a8vxllg (Minnesota sends a future 1st round pick to Orlando).  Imagine this lineup.  PG: Ricky Rubio SG: Aaron Afflalo SF: AK-47 PF: Kevin Love C: Nikola Pekovic Sixth man: Alexey Schved Backups: Luke Ridnour, Chase Budinger, Dante Cunningham, Greg Stiemsma, Brandon Roy, Lou Amundson
WatergateSwagTheSecond::Proof T-wolves fans DONT KNOW BASKETBALL
Minnysota Vikings::The only problem with this trade is that it makes sense so therefore Kahn won't do it.
ThomasCarr::Why'd he sign Brandon Roy again?
You just won the internet::not not a wolves fan got a link just scroll around the middle section http://www.fearthesword.com/2012/5/28/3048324/a-statistical-look-at-kyrie-irvings-rookie-season
Not Not A Wolves Fan::I'm not saying kryie isn't better but you're fooling yourself if you don't think it was close last year before rubio went down
Not Not A Wolves Fan::wow you gave me a per 48 minute stat. how many games with 5 minutes left +/- 5 pts did kyrie play in? a handful?  assists and steals are every game
Im a man Im Forty.::Damn Charlotte's losing streak was so long they haven't won since they were the Hornets  according to ESPN
UNC Tarheels28501::They could be the Hornets once again.
GoldenGopherfan24::yea, id rather have johnny flynn or ricky rubio than steph curry  -david kahn
Hayden4741::i'd rather not sign a superstar, when healthy, to a 5 year contract but sign him to a four year just to tick him and get timberwolves fans angry  -david kahn
Minnysota Vikings::I'd rather sign a guy with no cartilage in his knees for 5 million a year than sign a solid SG in Mayo for 4 million a year  -David Kahn
Lakrsman8::The headline says Hornets instead of Bobcats! Hahahaa
Im a man Im Forty.::Kemba should be an All-Star
wongdongy::He's a borderline all-star right now at 22 in a conference that is ridiculously deep at guard...but espn didn't even have him in their top 35 players under 25.
Im a man Im Forty.::ESPN is a joke
ThomasCarr::Woah, they didn't. ESPN is dumb.
ThomasCarr::Too many fantastic guards in the East.   He's not better than Kyrie, Jrue, Rajon, D Wade, or Paul George.
Im a man Im Forty.::He's better than George and Holliday... George goes as a forward anyway right?
ThomasCarr::Woah, I'm a huge Kemba fan. But I admit he's not better than any of them. He's a beast but he's just not that good.
Im a man Im Forty.::He's better than all of them.
You just won the internet::too many good gaurds he isnt there yet he will be rising star though
PoRtEr_24::It'd be nice to have love, pek, shved, Roy, buddinger, etc. playing
You just won the internet::walker is a baller wolves should of picked him
You just won the internet::lol ok
Not Not A Wolves Fan::*yawn
You just won the internet::hold up let me get it
You just won the internet::cant find it looked it up last year though and he is
Not Not A Wolves Fan::i'll continue our convo up here. top 5 in steals, top 6 in assists.  what top 6 category was kryie in?
Not Not A Wolves Fan::do you have a link to those stats?
You just won the internet::number one in 4th quarter points and top 3 in game winners so suck the D
ThomasCarr::Kanter should've been the pick.
UNC Tarheels28501::Pek is pretty nice.
UNC Tarheels28501::They have enough PG.
You just won the internet::ya but not a good one like walker
Dirk2XMVP::Nice choke Job wolves
Not Not A Wolves Fan::that's what i said to your mom
Minnysota Vikings::Wolves were +23 with Rubio on the court tonight. He was the only guy who could somewhat stop the Bobcats guards from penetrating to the hoop
AGirlThatLovesSports_::um nooo.
GoldenGopherfan24::nobody could stop the bobcats guards from penetrating pooped pants' mother
AGirlThatLovesSports_::first time the Bobcats swept a team in a series this season!!!!!!! Baby steps!
seniorgong::don't let Rubio hear you say that...he's still an infant
LOL_IM _A _BANDWAGON::Whats wrong with MKG? I'm not impressed so far. But next year he might be a beast like Kemba.
WHEATH00::Not sure you can call it a bad pick. The decision to trade down however might be debatable. Not a lot in that draft to take. Didnt need PG, and in my opinion the SG's at the top of the list this year were all overrated. Overall he is still young and does a fair amount   on the court, he just needs some time
UNC Tarheels28501::Bad pick IMO. Needs to work on his jump shoot. Maybe in two more years he will be more polished.
UNC Tarheels28501::Bad pick IMO. He needs to develop a jump shoot.
seniorgong::Rubio looks like a teen wolf...not NBA ready physically
ThomasCarr::Hilariously Bad/Good Basketball Team  PG JJ Barea SG Ben Gordon  SF Tyrus Thomas PF Chris Bosh C Javale McGee
WHEATH00::team could contend for the title or make the run for lowest win total.
LOL_IM _A _BANDWAGON::Not the jelly
RickyWolfioGOAT::CLIPPERS NEXT!!WHOOOOOOOO FREE LOSS
seniorgong::hmmm the Bobcats are slowly catching up to the Lakers lmao
You just won the internet::remember when T-wolves fans said rubio is better then kyrie lol that was funny
Not Not A Wolves Fan::what category was kyrie top 5 in last year?
You just won the internet::number one in 4th quarter points and top 5 in game winners so suck the D
Not Not A Wolves Fan::he was top 5 in steals as well
You just won the internet::bro he shot 35% 8 assists dont make up for that
You just won the internet::no wolves fans just said they where neck and neck he shoots like 20%
Not Not A Wolves Fan::no that was the pretty much the consensus thought.  this year, it's a joke though. last year, not so much. now go fu.ck yourself
Not Not A Wolves Fan::they were neck and neck last year for ROY
Not Not A Wolves Fan::til rubio got hurt
LOL_IM _A _BANDWAGON::J.J's failed shot lol -http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QsVCCXKWcsI
LOL_IM _A _BANDWAGON::it still hurts
GoldenGopherfan24::rubio postgame interview  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IJNR2EpS0jw
Minnysota Vikings::Why are you trolling a team from your own state?
GoldenGopherfan24::because this is where all the mn fans typically are for some reason
Minnysota Vikings::then why do you come in here if you hate the NBA?
GoldenGopherfan24::how so? ill ive stated is i hate the nba and what it has become
BLACK - Laker - MAMBA::Malik Sealy rolling over in his grave watching the product being put out on the floor.  Wolves blow
Pooped Pants And Passed Gas::you deserve cancer
Skylander14::84 points out of 102 scored by the Bobcats guards. The Wolves guards cannot play any D.
UNC Tarheels28501::My point exactly.
Camden0916::Yes, way different. 6'5 Shved against Ben Gordon is a good matchup. Instead there were times where Ridnour was on Gordon. Ridnour against Gordon is a win for the Cats in terms of one on one. So yes, way different.
Skylander14::You act like height is the only thing that matters in defense and that Ben Gordon went off tonight because he had a height advantage.  He avgs. 13 points a game and scored 18 tonight not that big of a leap. He is also 6'3" and Ridnour is 6'2" so yea huge difference there as well.  The Bobcats have small guards in Walker, Gordon and Sessions who all played well tonight so doubtful it would have been way different. Get a clue.
UNC Tarheels28501::What network was this game on?
Camden0916::Not really. Had Shved been playing, things would be way different. Instead there's Ben Gordon hooping because a small PG is matched on him. Let's get real.
UNC Tarheels28501::Gordon isn't much taller. SMH
Skylander14::I wouldn't say way different but obviously they would be better.
LOL_IM _A _BANDWAGON::Hendos game winner- http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QsVCCXKWcsI
MNPittfan::http://assets.sbnation.com/assets/2072589/barealol.gif  Yep
Camden0916::I respected the first Cats/Wolves game where Kemba knocked down the step back J. This game's finish was just ridiculous. I wouldn't be too proud of this one if I were a Cats fan.  Playing a Wolves team without Love, Pekovic, Budinger, Shved, Roy and Lee. Not only that, but they still needed a ton of luck to get that 3 ball to win.  Yikes.
Pooped Pants And Passed Gas::you deserve cancer.
UNC Tarheels28501::You must be high or drunk. Why?
UNC Tarheels28501::A lost is a lost. No spilled milk over here. You are the one crying over a game.
Pooped Pants And Passed Gas::that bobcats fan deserves leukemia.
UNC Tarheels28501::Stop reaching..... You sound like a whining little ------.
Camden0916::Hey, go Tarheels though... Oh wait...
Camden0916::I'm okay with that. I'd take a W as well. The Cats fans bragging on this post though is funny to me.
ThomasCarr::Who cares? We won. Idgaf how.
Blake Wiffin 32::F U MINNESOTA I'M CHANGING TO A DOG
PSY Gangnam-Style::What happened here?
Not Not A Wolves Fan::wo wo wo wo worked by the bobcats
