CandySparker::I like Brand on Jennings.
Milwaukee Bucks.::I like Ek Pee u Doh
prezh601::I am rooting for those Bucks . They are one True Power Foward Away from being in the top 4 teams in the east.. they need someone like tayshon prince
lamriverside13::Bynum got ejected again!! this kid needs to drop his balls and GROW UP!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tsq2_Nqg0I8
GeorgetownDCman::As a Wiz fan I feel your pain Bobcats... At least you guys might have 3 good young post players next year if you get Davis in the draft. Hate to say but I think Kemba is just a great college player not pro
Michael_Orlando_Magic4Life::Another dumb move by Michael Jordan.
Steveforprez04::Kembrick Walker
Steveforprez04::This puts a dent in the Bobcat's playoff hopes
iownamicrowave::The nation is behind you bucks, no one wants to see the knicks in the playoffs.
Antsea91::Hahaha it's going to be priceless to see the knicks fall out of the playoffs. Where are all you knicks fans who were saying you were going to be contending before the season started?
deols90::lol dont worry bucks fans, bulls back at full strength and will sweep the knicks....can't wait for sunday
SFEST13::6 of 26? LOL I love you Kemba, but that is embarrassing.
B-TownDynasty413::Kemba was 5-10 at half, like 14 pts and 5 assists.. what went on in that lockerroom durin half? Damn
Carl Withers::Hate to see an NBA team with a great arena and potential great fans struggle this much
surfzone365::who do you like in college?
Carl Withers::For sure.....cc was packed for every game
Carl Withers::Yeah....grew up in clt watching hornets.....need it back
surfzone365::all the way back to Rex Chapman
surfzone365::yeah, i remember those teams very well
Carl Withers::Absolutely....thank you for the kind observations
surfzone365::Are you a Cats fan?
surfzone365::The Charlotte Coliseum was electric during playoffs games in the 1990s, so i know they have the passion and support.  they have to win hearts again, and the only way to do that is through "W's"
surfzone365::Charlotte really is a nice sports city.  It's under-rated and often over-looked, compared to larger markets like NY, Chicago, LA, etc.  I've been to games there as the visitor and was impressed with the facilities and support.  Hate to see that go to waste
surfzone365::I hope at some point the Bobcats become competitive.  I hate to see any team this lost and pathetic.
Carl Withers::Well said
ESPN MOD SQUAD.::What happened to carlos delfino?
ESPN MOD SQUAD.::I knew that but he wasn't on the roster tonight which kind of scared me
korn7860::Pulled/partially torn Groin, he has been ready for a week, just holding him out, I think he will suit up tomorrow.
Carl Withers::Jordan doesn't have the cash to build a NBA contender
Carl Withers::They led Charlotte to the playoffs which seems impossible now
korn7860::Both are overrated, how good are they both doing atm
Carl Withers::True but we let Felton and Wallace go when they asked for middle of the road contracts....horrible choice
surfzone365::Yeah, both were solid
surfzone365::So 2 things MJ sucked at...baseball and running a team
Carl Withers::No doubt best on the court
surfzone365::Loved MJ on the court, but he is not good running a team.  The Wizards are still feeling the impact of his setting them back 10 years
korn7860::He just doesn't have the knowledge to assemble a team, he wants it now, and keeps making dumb moves, I like what I see him doing in Charlotte currently, and I hope he keeps it up.  Walker, Mullens, Henderson and Biyombo is a nice core, and a playoff core if they develop to there potential.
UWashington253::6-26? Does Kemba think he is Jordan?
korn7860::I love the comments David, keep trolling the troll
surfzone365::Delfino will poster-dunk Tyson chandler
korn7860::I would think the only reason Delfino, Gooden and Moute are sitting is to regain some energy and health for the final stretch starting Monday against OKC, just better make sure we(Bucks fan) get the win tomorrow against Portland.
david98777::the knicks will not make the playoffs they are the worst team in the nba
Austin9811::Alley-hoop stop talking shit the bucks are 2-1 against the Knicks
PadresChargersClippers::Bucks seem to have a very small starting lineup.
Malcyon1::Missed the game because I was filling out a petition to send Gallardo back to the minors, what happened?
david98777::the brewers suck
david98777::ok ya
Malcyon1::False, Gallardo sucks.
david98777::I appreciate that pretty much no one outside of Wisconsin is rooting for the Bucks to overtake the Knicks for No. 8 in the East.   -Marc Stein  this comment is a joke
ZachDro::I think it's funny how many homer fans the Knicks have...and then they go criticize teams like the Bucks for their poor fanbase. I went to the game that Lin played, and there were so many "Knicks fans" there that didn't even care what was going on, just shrieked whenever Lin made a good play.  Milwaukee may not have a gigantic fanbase, but the people who really appreciate the Bucks are some of the most passionate fans you'll find. Sit near the court at the Bradley center just once, it's actually a great atmosphere down in the lower levels.
WiscoMase23::he must live under a rock or something
Carl Withers::Charlotte is capable of being a great NBA city....just need the right management
Carl Withers::College basketball certainly dominates......but NBA support is there if talent is on the floor
surfzone365::NC is a college basketball state, but I think a good NBA team is appreciated
Carl Withers::Lead the NBA in attendance for 4 seasons
surfzone365::Exactly....they had a close contender in the 1990s, with Zo, LJ, Bogues, Dell Curry, Glen Rice, etc...
alley_hoop_23::nuggets board...gone
surfzone365::??...someone ate all the McNuggets?
surfzone365::The Bulls have had a rivalry with NY, Indiana had a rivalry with NY, Cleveland has always had a rivalry with NY....now it's time for the Bucks to step onto the Broadway spotlight
david98777::the bucks will win it all
surfzone365::Is amare Stoudamire still hurt?
korn7860::Very true.  I hope Bucks get a big body in the offseason, they will have cap so I am sure it will be something they target.  Knicks, Bucks could develop into a nice rivalry for the league, both teams could be fighting for 3-6 with Indy next few seasons, still feel 76ers are overrated, and the Celtics and Hawks will change there teams this offseason.
surfzone365::Bogut has big games vs New York...always has played well vs them
korn7860::Lets just hope the Bulls sweep the Knicks, and Bucks split Portland/OKC so Wednesday night we can have a huge playoff atmosphere matchup for a huge edge in the playoff hunt between Knicks and Bucks.  Bogut is always hurt this time of year, never had him once at this time, other than his rookie year.
surfzone365::Bucks could really use Bogut this time of year
korn7860::yes, will miss at least three more weeks.
korn7860::Smith has been on fire lately, and Shumpert is playing very well.
surfzone365::So Lin is gone, Melo pretty useless....so JR Smith and Baron Davis are it?  That Novak is a threat behind the arc...
david98777::the bucks will win the nba finals
david98777::The new york knicks are the most hated team in the nba
Austin9811::Alley-hoop and the bucks will get slight retaliation by taking the 8th seed from the Knicks
alley_hoop_23::giants took a dump on the packers, overated aaron rodgers
david98777::im a giants fan dude
korn7860::lol, such a Knicks troll
alley_hoop_23::milwaukee sports are trash
alley_hoop_23::ok david
surfzone365::A city known as the mecca of basketball has a pro team that sucks donky dong
surfzone365::I'll side with the Bucks against the Knicks and Heat
alley_hoop_23::lol
david98777::feer the deer
alley_hoop_23::cavs,bobcats,wizards good wins
alley_hoop_23::bucks last win against a team currently in the playoffs.....
LuapTheMil::Hawks, 3/27
korn7860::Knicks, Hawks and 76ers in less then a month if you really need a timeline.
alley_hoop_23::when was that like 2 months ago
korn7860::Does not matter when, you play teams when you play them.
korn7860::Knicks two times, Heat two times, Lakers, among others, want more?
david98777::who cares
david98777::the new york knicks will not make the playoffs
SonnyD78::WTH!  Kemba Walker took the MOST attempts -- going 6 for 26!?!?!?!?!?!?  Kemba, you are a POINT GUARD!!!  Can we try to get others involved?!?  Keep playing like that, and you'll play yourself out of the league, Kemba!   It's tough to be a shooting guard in a point guard's body.  WORST pick for the 'Cats in the past few years!
PetroHeat::if bucks dnt make the playoffs,,will be a huge disappointed !! WAYYYYYYY BETTER THAN KNICKS
alley_hoop_23::go ahead get more
korn7860::another Knick fan I take it.  We beat the Heat two times, Lakers, Knicks two times, off the top of my head, that is five solid wins.  Can go get more if you want.
alley_hoop_23::who have the bucks beat?lmao
alley_hoop_23::no there not lmao
korn7860::Talent wise no, but overall skill/team play wise they are.  They play ball the way teams did in the 70's and 80's, can be very fun to watch teams that pass the ball like this.  Problem with it is our shooters are not that good outside of Mike, Brandon and Monta.
beuper91::delfino can light it up, when he wants to.. or if hes not injured
surfzone365::Start of a Bucks/Knicks rivalry...I love it
sgreen79::Bums is a pretty polar adjective.
surfzone365::Bucks need a good  new rival....the knicks are it
david98777::the knicks suck
alley_hoop_23::bucks are bums
surfzone365::That's the spirit
-FEARTHEDEER-::Can someone explain to me why the Bucks do so much better on the road? Cavs and Cats they destroyed in their arenas and now barely beat both of them at home.
korn7860::Complacency, overlooking the bad teams to prep for teams like the Thunder and Knicks.
surfzone365::knicks trying to spoil the Bucks like the Giants did the Pack
david98777::who cares
surfzone365::Bucks need to pay the knicks back for that loss at the Gaaaaarden
chiefychief44::FACT:  Since Mike Woodson took over the Knicks are the #1 defensive team in the NBA. Suck on that and go listen to freak on a leash.
korn7860::2-1 Bucks in the series, come with some facts other then nothing to back your fake Knick fan comments.
greenmagnum::No Lin, no Stat. Don't matter. Bucks would still get their $@%!$ handed to them.
Alex731990::yeah right
greenmagnum::Bocats. You lose. GOOD DAY SIR
buckspackers23::A win is a win...
tris10blount::bobcats have won 7 games, ergo 7 times a team lost to a team it should have beat
greenmagnum::Not when you barely beat the bobcats.
korn7860::Did we get a win in the column?  Pretty sure we did.  Check the schedule of all the teams, bet every team has lost a game to a really bad team this season, just saying.
korn7860::Exactly, these are all professionals, every team loses games to teams they should beat, one of the best things about sports.
what-else-is-new::105 scored the 1st half...about 80...bunch of scumbag mother $@%!$@%...
korn7860::Likely Bucks and Knicks are tied in the standings going into there game wednesday.  Bulls should sweep the Knicks, and Bucks will split with Blazers and Thunder.
surfzone365::Everyone, cheer for the Bobcats when they arent playing your team!  Adopt a kitty to a good home!
...TSUNAMI...::Feel bad for the Bobcats coach. He has no talent to utilize.
surfzone365::Now you understand my adopt-a-bobcat charity :)
yodaspeaks::Lol.
surfzone365::Do the Bucks play NY anymore this year?
surfzone365::Lin is done
yodaspeaks::I wouldnt say that.  they have been better after they started play some Defense.
buckspackers23::They've been better with Baron Davis running the point
surfzone365::ooohhh...gonna be a good one
buckspackers23::Next wednesday, in Mil. ESPN
buckspackers23::They only made it an ESPN game last week so that they can assign the big Market refs to it.
yodaspeaks::I wonder which refs will be assigned to that game.
UWashington253::6-25! JESUS! I dunno who I would rather have, JIMMER OR KEMBA....
armet227::Walker is a TERRIBLE player
chiefychief44::Dude is a rookie. RELAX
yodaspeaks::shows you how the NCAA style of play does not equal good ball player.
