joshuaizme::Does anyone else think that is Memphis was completely healthy (Randolph) and if Denver was completely healthy (their entire roster) all season long, that they would be right there with OKC for that 1 seed? It is impressive how well both teams play with their injuries. Even though Memphis only has the Randolph injury, he's their best offensive player.
HEATandBRONCOSandCARDINALS::Rudy Gay is still Under rated
HEATandBRONCOSandCARDINALS::Memphis has amazing chemistry
BlindMeZae02::boohoo mavericks for losing dirk in the second quarter and woohoo for miami because here comes a championship for lebron
burnham5477::Playing without dirk is no excuse for this loss.
rebelfan901::this loss requires an excuse? grizz are now 14-5 at home and have won 7 of the last 10 over the Mavs...the only "excuse" they have is being outplayed
bobby30303::Lin keeps winning but can he match 150 MPG? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmlTrVha3M8
winterfresh98::Mavs are in trouble when old Dirk is the one that keeps them relevant as he will soon be broken down like a 1980s VW Rabbit...was that racist?
ACandOJ::Why are the Mavs so God awful this year??
TTUMBA26::trading away 3 of their 5 startersthat appeared in the finals (Chandler, Stevenson and Barea) was reason enough but then Cuban decided to get rid of Butler as well.    The Mavs are much better than most predicted.  However, this and the Nets game should have been a win.  At time weve seen that the team Cuban and Nelson threw together in early December has some chemistry and can hang with the best teams out there.  My guess is that even by the end of March, we still wont know what this MAVS team is capable of doing.  Its going to take right up to the time the regualr season ends to see their full potential.
CaptainKirkman::Memphis is the scariest team in the West, not those dad gum OKC children. I'm fine with losing to them on a back-to-back with three guys out. We just need to keep playing hard until Delonte's back. Just need to be healthy for the playoffs. Good game Memphis. Good luck to ya'll down the road. Represent the West in the Finals if we don't get there, okay?
Doggrell13::yeah yeah. i'll take that. as long as it's not the lakers. and i'm kinda tired of OKC anyways.
Albert2007::jesus christ Mavs CUT LAMAR ODOM already
chavezscott04@gmail.com::love &gt; Dirk
rataurus963::mavs=garbage
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::You = 0 basketball IQ
SoonersElite2000::LOLMAVERICKS NOW 6th in the WEST HAHAHA
TTUMBA26::This isnt college football you sooner d00che; NBA "rankings" mean nothing. Sorry but even though OKC is "ranked" #1 right now doesnt mean they will play for the national championship.  I swear, OKC fans are the dubmest on these boards.
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::What's the date? March 1st right?   Shut up.
todogg15::lin was going to be traded to the raptors day before nets game then knicks decided to give him one last chance. more details here: http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
Jhe1125::just busy grizzin in my pants over here
mtsufan22::The Grizzlies have been without their best player for 8 weeks yet they have managed to adjust and still win. However when a team like Dallas loses their best player for most of the game they use that as an excuse for losing.....something not right there...
itsourtimememphis2010::Mavs fans.....shut up. Quit using the WE DIDN'T HAVE DIRK excuse.
HurricaneHamlin::one ring &gt; no rings.
wkdavis85::And how is that relevant this year?
arizonasting001::Any Dallas fans around? Heard we might be trading Nash to you for a package of Odom, and Roddy B. If Nash comes to Dallas I will become a part time Dallas fan, as I assume most of the Phoenix fan base will wherever Nash goes.
3341brown::i heard those rumors were a backup plan if mavs dont get Dwill or Dwight in summer free agency
CJ_PATRIOT_FAN::the grizz look like a finals team. what do you guys think of coach hollins?
bballboi33::Ever since Hollins have been with the Grizz, they have been a tough team.
Dominic10002::Memphis is doing great keep it up!
michael107114::Solid game from Qpon, slowly but surely getting better each game. Question why don't Grizz look to try getting Dwilliams? I mean if they could get him to sign a one year extension so he's not a FA till after next season, trade Conely, Mayo, Tony Allen, and a draft pick or two for him have Dwill, Qpon, Gay, Randolph, and Gasol as your starting 5 Dante Cunningham, Pargo, Shelby, Sam Young and Spates as your reserves, Dwill would make them even more dangerous
wkdavis85::That's just dumb. Conley is looking more and more like a great PG every game. He is one of the best ball distributors in the game, and his defense is amazing. Tony Allen is one of the top defenders in the league and plays every game like he has something to prove. I would be ok with trading Mayo. Mayo would be a starter for most teams, and we could get really good value for a bench player if we traded him, but then we wouldn't have a solid option at shooting guard as a backup.
1216austin::Trading Conley, Mayo, and Allen?!  That's crazy talk.  Never.
111Mauricejonesdrew111::i think the would be giving up too much conley is a solid player, tony allen is a top5 defender and will always hustle, mayo is a good shooter and giving up some picks for future players for a guy who possibly wont resign with you
shooter mcgavin14::net fan here, got nothing but ignorance and dumb comments from mav fans last nights board. I dont see any of those ignorant posters here now, so im gonna try 2 be nice. just here to try 2 see what happned with dirk. havent got much news on the extent of the injury. hope it isnt too bad, despite my fighting with a bunch of dumb mav fans i always liked dirk and hope it isnt serious
g00se518::I was at the game. Late in the first quarter or early in the second they had Dirk laying on his back on the baseline doing some therapy. Midway through the second we never saw him again. I don't discount our wins when the other team's star goes down. We've been dealing with that since the first week of the season. Go Grizz!
shooter mcgavin14::nice to talk 2 a classy mavs fan unlike the trolls posting last night
dogs::Y WOLVES NO WINNING
shooter mcgavin14::thanx u2.
Mavsolute_Beast_41::If Magic are getting Monta I think he will stay in Orlando
Mavsolute_Beast_41::Ok, I'm out...good luck the rest of the way to your teams.
Mavsolute_Beast_41::yea..that was what i was thinking too...doubt something will go down..they have nothing to offer for Monta and the Warriors aren't going to let him go for scrubs.
bballboi33::I can't wait to see what he does. Dwill too cause he might leave if Dwight doesnt come
shooter mcgavin14::magic have 0 tradeable assets to make that happen. anderson is the only one, and anderson for monta doesnt make them better it makes them worse. its a last ditch effort by a desperite team
bballboi33::Dwill and Dwight would be a crazy combo
bballboi33::i kinda  wanna see Dwight in Chicago.
Mavsolute_Beast_41::if u are going to win a championship, ur gonna collect some bandwagoners and kids, its obvious
mbsIV::Good for you.  Fans like you deserve successful teams.  Good luck to your Nets going forward!  You've got an interesting organization now, so you've got a good chance for a good future.
shooter mcgavin14::yeaa its bs. i remember when kidd came to the nets all of a sudden net fans popped up out of nowhere. then his era ended and we suck again and they all disappear. not me though!
Mavsolute_Beast_41::Man I hate bandwagons...they are all like Y U NO WIN?? all the time
shooter mcgavin14::yep my net fanbase is going to multiply by a million when we get dwight howard
Griss13ears::Tony Allen bit Dirk's leg in half. He is listed as day to day.
shooter mcgavin14::sheldon williams almost did the same thing last night. the guy is a mutant
Mavsolute_Beast_41::haha
bballboi33::I like Dirk too and i hope he is ok.
pendergraph4::it is going to be very exciting to see what this team looks like with Zach Randolph back.  This team could have a chance at being Western Conference champs
hasy354::What happened to Dirk?
rataurus1973::Mavs=Garbage!
bballboi33::How do you compare the Nets to the Grizzlies? SMH
shooter mcgavin14::?
shooter mcgavin14::net fan here. i know the griz are better, but the nets at full strength aren't a bad team. if we had lopez marshon humphries healthy all year we would be around a 500 team right now not 11-25
born0516::I mean this with everything in me, I am a Lakers fan and I pray that we dont meet the Grizzlies in the playoffs. Would much rather play Dallas
Mavsolute_Beast_41::yea...hopefully we meet again and have an exciting series out of it
born0516::The great part is , we will get to see
born0516::Doubt it all you want to. Not going to argue about it. But I am being very very honest.
Mavsolute_Beast_41::fine...nothing wrong with being confident on your team...As a Mavs I ain't scared of any team too and can't wait to see the Mavs clown OKC again
bballboi33::I respect the defending champs but not scared of them not one bit
Mavsolute_Beast_41::haha..I hope your wish becomes true...just like the Blazer fans wish last year...who were so happy to meet the Mavs
bballboi33::I agree with born0516... Mavs don't scare me at all. I would love to see this in the playoffs. They are the least scariest defending champs i have ever seen.
Mavsolute_Beast_41::Really? I seriously doubt your honesty here..who wants to meet a team that swept you last year??..lol
bballboi33::Fact is Memphis was kicking the Mavs a..ss all last season. Mavs are so lucky they didnt play Memphis in the playoffs last year. Memphis is the better team.
Griss13ears::Memphis also beat OKC in the regular season last year 3 - 1, then lost in the playoffs. I think Memphis matches up better against Dallas, but it's just speculation. I don't think Memphis would have beat Dallas last year. They were too hot. But this Dallas team isn't even close to that playoff team.
bballboi33::I feel that Memphis was a better match for the Mavs. I wanted the Mavs not OKC. If Rudy was playing we would have went to the West finals i believe
emthomasjr::Memphis won the season series 3-1 last year, suggesting that it was a pretty close match-up.  Anything could have happened in the playoffs.
Texas10056::You cannot be serious. So we beat OKC who beat Memphis last year and yet you somehow say that we wouldn't have had a chance to beat Memphis? We swept the team that had "dominant big men" in the Lakers. Last year Dallas would've beaten anybody in the playoffs.
Texas10056::By stating that both games should have been winning games for the Mavs.
bballboi33::There are a lot of Mavs fans on here talking like they would have won if Dirk would have played. STOP!!! Memphis is a scary team to play. When ZBO comes back they are gonna be unstoppable.
Little6035::ok frist of all those 16 pts they lost were dirks pts if hed played even more than tht so they would have won and second of all dirk is better than zbo so it dont really matter and third of all idk lol i just like saying third of all
wkdavis85::Do you have any idea how dumb that sounds?
born0516::And also, You know all those young guys have to be pissed that they are not getting no love Or at least I havent heard them get any. Teams like that make people have heartburn. Just ask the Spurs
born0516::you are dead on. I hope the Lakers dont have to play them. Seriously. When Randolph comes back, they will be freakin scary
born0516::I'm going to tell you guys something. The Grizzlies are for real and I cannot believe nobody is talking about them and even worse people refer to them as "a team we should beat". It just blows me away. Zach Randolph is scheduled to come back this week for them and that would scare the heck out of me if my team had to meet them in the playoffs. Why; Their defense, and you will not beat them more than once (if that) in a series when they play in Memphis. That place got freaky crazy last year during the playoffs. I am telling you, they are for real
Snakes_::GG Memphis fans
memphis_swagger::Sucks to hear about Dirk, but no one says, "Poor Memphis, they don't have Zach." GG anyway.
Doggrell13::still. i like Dirk. so i hope he's alright. but yeah, can't wait for Zbo to get back.
Texas10056::Why are we losing to teams we should be beating...Come on.
Griss13ears::Your last 5 against the Grizz went something like...1 - 4. Maybe you should stop believing that you "should" beat the Grizz. Might save you some heartache. Till next time...
Lordkrimson::And that has absolutley nothing to do with them winning the game....but then again neither did the team on the floor.
Texas10056::I did. Mavs are still NBA Champs.
Lordkrimson::Next time check recent history.
Texas10056::No, we should beat the Grizzlies every time with ALL players healthy on both teams. It hasn't even been a year since they won the championship, yet you're crazy enough to call them old and terrible. Grizzly fans are just naive to think they have earned anything after one good season by their team.
Griss13ears::Living in the past my friend.  The Mavericks should, in NO WAY, beat the Grizzlies ever. Not with ZBO, not without him. Not with Dirk, not without him. Every win you get this year is a blessing. Just be thankful you have a winning record. Your team is old and terrible. Have a nice night.
Texas10056::50-13 record all time in favor of the Mavs. Sorry I just consider a 80% winning percentage a "should" win game. My bad.
Texas10056::With or without Dirk...it's still the Nets and the Grizzlies. Teams we should be beating.
Lordkrimson::The better collection of players just lost for the 7th time in 11 tries..... 10 years ago thats a better collection of players....but right now not so much.
Mavsolute_Beast_41::All their players healthy? That changes the discussion...I'll take the Mavs all day.
Texas10056::Agreed. That time I was referring to both teams having all of their players healthy.
Mavsolute_Beast_41::That was last year.I brought just 2 players, because they are able to turn a game around and impact the result.They also have some very athletic young mans in O.J Mayo and Conley...not going in details but freaking Yi Jianlian and freaking Brian Cardinal were our PFs tonight.We can agree to disagree but IMO, the Mavs roster without Dirk,West and Odom has no chance against this Grizzlies team, plain and simple.
Texas10056::The definition of collection of players means you include EVERYONE not just two players. The rest of the Mavs roster is superior to the rest of the Grizzlies roster. We did win that title because we had a strong Bench (collection of players) not only because we had one or two players.
Mavsolute_Beast_41::No one said that.Right now they are shorthanded, but with Dirk, West and Odom back they can take any team in the league.
Texas10056::I wouldn't go as far as saying this season is over. I really think the Mavs will go the WCF and then we'll see what happens.
Mavsolute_Beast_41::Better collection? Marc Gasol and Rudy Gay are All-Star players.How many players do the Dirkless Mavs have better than these 2? Zero.
Jerryintx88::nope  we just aren't that good.   plain and simple   maybe next season..   nite all
tds2n::Yeah, but Rudy Gay has really stepped it up. Look out for Memphis. I think they would have taken OKC last year, if Gay was not hurt. He could have slowed down durant more, and given them another scoring option. They did go 7 games with them though.
Texas10056::In case you forgot, the Grizzlies best player Zach Randolph hasn't played for about 8 weeks yet they still beat us. We have a better collection of players than they do. No excuse.
Mavsolute_Beast_41::You ain't beating the Grizzlies without Dirk.You are WAY off there.
Mavsolute_Beast_41::Why are u commenting without watching the game?
superjohn51::our best player was out most of the game - lets cut the mavs some slack
Griss13ears::Dirk fractures hip.....ruled out indefinitely. TNT Austria offered him a side line job.
Griss13ears::I read it on the Mavs blog.
tylert3234::i just read it from espn insider. suck my $@%!
Griss13ears::I just read it from a reliable source.
tylert3234::b. s. he has back spasms
HelloThereAgain::Rednecks lose again
EveryoneCalmDown::Mavs suck this year. And this is coming from a Mavs fan.  Hopefully Mark Cuban does something before this March 15th trade deadline.
Little6035::umm they dont suck look at there record after being 0-3 in the biginning of the season
Tru3Blu308::no they really do suck
Mavsolute_Beast_41::they do not suck..they are shorthanded
tylert3234::he died
tylert3234::yes it is
royboy1978::Joking about someone dying is NOT cool dude.
FanofTexas28::That's not funny.
nccanes73::Hey what happened to Sam Young he played last year?
emthomasjr::1) Ankle sprain 2) brought it two other guys who play similar roles that Hollins likes more, Quincy Poindexter and Dante Cunningham.  He's just buried on the bench at this point.
FanofTexas28::The Mavs aren't gonna wn many games wthout Dirk, Odom, and West.
JHCASHIONthe2nd::Well i see Dallas lost again to a young team nothing new here
tylert3234::so true
tylert3234::cause dirk was out
JHCASHIONthe2nd::because they are old
Titans Yemen::Great win Grizz.
emthomasjr::I would say great.
Titans Yemen::Grizz with out z-bo too, What $@%! you taking a bout ?
FanofTexas28::Wouldn't say great. Mavs had players out. But a win's a win.
melaracommercial::Torn ACL Dirk done for the year...Dallas news
acadapter44::or a lower back tightness you idiot
tylert3234::DIRK HAS BACK SPASMS
tylert3234::back spasms
tylert3234::nNOOO BACK SPASMS
tylert3234::no way. back spasms
1226LAZ::DIRK IS WITH HIS G A Y BOYFRIEND
royboy1978::Good to see that the Grizz hung on to get the win.
Mr. Obvious.::Did Dirk die?
Mizzou 15::Yea he's dead and Shareef Abdur Raheem is pissing on his grave as we speak
royboy1978::Site is working now I see.
Mets2410::what happened to dirk? I honestly don't know so don't get angry
tylert3234::NO he has $@%!$@% back spasms
Mavsolute_Beast_41::lower back tightness
Mizzou 15::Three words: SHAREEF ABDUR RAHEEM
tylert3234::griz are OBVIOUSLY gonna win
jaykel0621::Nice effort in the 2nd half Mavs....
NBAisTHEbest06::haha defending champs taking moral victories
Big 3 in Big D Dirk Deron and Dwight::where did my comments go
DallasIsK00l::3rd straight loss...
Mizzou 15::For the last time. Shareef Abdur Raheem elbowed Dirk and knocked out a couple of his teeth. He is listed as day to day.
tylert3234::just like derrick rose. on espn insider it says he is a game-time decision for the next game
Big 3 in Big D Dirk Deron and Dwight::Dirk has has back spasms
