Sam I-Am Ahmed::Wiz-kids got this, bring it home boys!
Melvin Hall::lets go wiz
TooBig TooStrong::Dallas actually has a good team on paper...maybe they start clicking by end of the year...this teams better than last years team talent wise..the Wiz? boy ..they have a few nice pieces however they lack the fire of other young teams and the Coach is garbage....Wall needs guidance he should be farther along in his development as a guard..he needs a veteran guard around or somebody young to challenge and push him
Brandon Tigues::I like wall but more and more I think beal is starting to become the best player on this team, he's struggling so far tonight but he's been playing great in the previous games..walls to inconsistent.
Derek Smith::beal is a better scorer and probably a better overall offensive player but i wall is better because of his great defense
Derek Smith::*think wall is better
Brandon Tigues::Derek Smith  that's fair
Rolando Mercado::once dirk starts hitting his stride and shoots in the 50-55% range, he will be averaging 23-25 a night.
Gerry Miller::Too many 3pt shots - The Wizards should be using their advantages in running the floor.
Fjodor Balla::Go Mavs! Dirk only 14 points shy from surpassing Jerry West in the all-time scoring list!
Chelo Mejias::Wizards win this game easily, Bradley Beal strokes it from deep all night
Chris Bates::Oh really? How did that work out?? You ready to eat crow???
Brandon Johnson::I can't see the Wizards winning any games "easily" this year.
Joe Brooks::The Wizard's speed is going to give the Mav'c old men fits tonight.
Jonathan Fry::people need understand, players take breaks
Sanel Demir::SanelDemir on Instagram for funny sport photos
Anthony Quiteno::is dal really that much better than was
Jasnur Singh::what channel is this game on dish?
Shanny Salcedo::Anyone have a link to this game
Ryan Patrick Thomas::First row sports or illemi
Melvin Hall::Lets go Wiz nice comeback
Bhingboy Robles::Dallas will get this one. lets go MAVS!
Danny Smien::Lets go Mavs!!!!!
Pratesh Das Nick::Common wiz zards
Corbin Vail::is ariza out?
Melvin Hall::We need this win Wiz
Marc Letot::Go Mavs!
Malte Schütz::looks good, nice team basketball again from the mavs
