GlendellSmithLikesMoney::Last comment
Notta Lespn1::i'm out, bulls win season series vs. cavs 3-1,  philly up next, et got his coming we aint 4got! peace
Notta Lespn1::with a core like deng noah and rose, all the bulls need some big men who can finish around the rim   what ever happended to that malcolm dude from the preseason? he dunked more in preseason than booz all 3 season
Notta Lespn1::just cause the nets and the knicks lose the bulls have to lose to justify the leagues ranking of players. remeber the central is suppsed to be one of the weaker divisions cuz they dont buy into all the superteam concepts.  I like defense and supprt the Bulls cause thet rep the chi way to win. if we lose then we didnt defend well enough or we got penelized for defending to hard on the underfundementalized stars of this era. stats only support the fantasy league and mess up the salary cap paying players who dont really affect the outcome of a game as much as numbers indicate, in fact some players are awarded points for incompetency. next up for the real bulls fans is championship No. 7, and or 73-9 reg. season record other than that all news regarding the bulls is irrelevant. and since when does the reg,. season not count or does charlotte have a chance to win the east?
flip...tide::"Defense wins championships"  sure, but games are won when ONE TEAM SCORES MORE THAN THE OTHER.  It is clear that Thibs runs players into the ground, treating every one of the 82 games as a game 7 in the finals AND THAT DOES NOT WORK, not forever, not now.  The team is now tired and is very close I feel to tuning him out, PERMANENTLY
Notta Lespn1::so should we only get up for the....?
AllAboutBearsBulls::Bulls struggling big time right now, they need to start stepping it up.  4 games behind Indy and 1.5 behind Brooklyn for fourth spot in East shouldnt be happening even without Rose
Notta Lespn1::what ever happened to the emergence of evan turner vs. deng and the bulls in last years playoffs? the bulls got shafted philly was never that good   calm down bulls fans the odds are against but i like the foundation we are building with coach thibs and the defense Defense wins championships
Notta Lespn1::why come when charlotte loses they look at Jordan? or when teams beat the bobcats they think they beat jordan with the bulls? he is the owner not the gm coach or players or is it deeper than that they coundnt beat him on the court so they cause his team to lose despite getting draft picks from the same pool of players every oter team drafts from what's nso wrong with kwame brown didnt he last 10 yrs plus in the league
Notta Lespn1::so that alone discredits his whole organization? point proven the black man can't win?
LetsPlayScRyB::they look at him cuz hes a freakin $@%!$@ thinking buying the bobcats would be any good
Notta Lespn1::if deng got 25%+ of his points from the line he would be worth his contract, but how the league calls his game makes him a non-factor at key moments in the season  have the bulls ever finished a winning season having a road record better then the home record? up until this year I thought the UC was the bulls sixthman and the bulls are usually better at home than on the road?
flip...tide::go back to school and redo the part where they teach you how to write a coherent sentence.
Notta Lespn1::ef yew
mcmurraycharlie::I dont know how you didnt understand that
Notta Lespn1::And then Jimmy B. had a few good quarters and yall ready to give him deng starting spot? wake up real bulls fans!
Notta Lespn1::bulls fans don't appreciate all that deng does enough. its not his fault he cant get to the line while absorbing the same amount of contact if not more than others and why doesnt rose go to the line at a higher pct. rate than deng and durant and em for that matter Rose is the most physical scorer in the NBA yet only 19% of his points come from the line?
Rickster7218::Decent game by Neon Dion....Good win Cavs.......
McFarter89::Irving and Waiters are slowly but surely making fans hopefully forget about the King in those parts. If they can get some veteran leadership and another big time scorer. Cavs could be dangerous.
flip...tide::^ naaah.... LOL
Notta Lespn1::percentage of points from the freethrow line by notable nba allstars deng &amp; rose 19% two of the most physical preseces in the nba and it drops in the playoffs wade 27% cant finish on his feet why go to the line james 23% and he dont even shoot in the 4th DURANT 27% A 3pt shooter kobe 25% jump shooter melo 25% maybe
Youngblood Priest::Lebron will be in a Bulls uniform next year
McFarter89::Youngblood Priest - Lebron will be in a Bulls uniform next year  Lebron doesn't have greatness follow him, he follows greatness. Till he proves otherwise.
LetsPlayScRyB::really? greatness like wut an old wade?
Youngblood Priest::d-Rose will return and we'll be back on top wer'e just holdin it down till he's ready don't rush it
shorskin::They really missed Taj.
ynot1825::Jimmy Butler seemed to have it going early on but lately he's dropped off considerably....
lehmanator123::Kyrie Irving will come back as uncle drew
loochey03::Many fans will drop off after that loss. The real fans will stick. B Ball in Chicago is more bandwagon.  I hope I am wrong.
Lebroncouldcareless::HI BULLS FANS!!!  LEBRON
Gazteks::Cavs really need a small forward that can handle the ball and get about 20 a night to complement Kyrie and Dion.  Another need is to extend Speights (sp?) and continue to work on the defensive side of the ball.  Thompson is coming around nicely.  Would be awesome to see K Love join this crew.  Varajo should be back in the fall and will either add to the mix or be trade bait.    They are definitely on the rise.
rondo2KG::Kyrie is the next Chris Paul.  The Cav's have an awesome young core in Zeller, Kyrie, Waiters, GEE etc.  When Varajo gets back he is a legit top rebounder/hustler type guy.  You will need one more FA stud next year and I bet you end up slightly over .500 in the weak East.
pipclooney6_realNBA_analyst::Zeller is garbage. He won't amount to anything. Kyrie, on the other hand, is the future of NBA point guards.
Notta Lespn1::smitty under the rim highlights king kyrie kyrie just filling in exposing the comp until rose gets back the real human HIGHlight film highflyer pg
zach45212::i think the bulls should miss the playoffs. its kinda of wrong saying that but their in a slump right now. their just tired and weak.
HatersGonnaHateOhioState::*they're
steve mctowelie jr.::i see you get a 24 ban for quoting monty python.
steve mctowelie jr.::not stupid  enough to say it again. but it came from the french knight in holy grail and includes elderberries
steve mctowelie jr.::heat trolls. what was i supposed to do.couldnt help myself. i watched the movie before the game.
unfairweather57::HAHAHA.  Why would they ban you for that?  uncultured swine.
unfairweather57::Which python quote?
Mike38826::reggie rose was right.
milli vanilli were misunderstood::Did he say Derrick was a p..ussy?
Rude Boy Chicago::+1
PSHS_football::The fact Rose isn't back yet is a complete and utter joke.  No other way to put it.  And then his brother, Reggie has the nerve to say the Bulls haven't gotten the right pieces for a championship team for Rose.  When I recall a couple years ago the Bulls asking Rose to pick up the phone and make some calls, which he didn't, he said he doesn't need anybody.  Regardless of if this team with Rose can beat the Heat, he needs all the playoff experience he can get, his body is 100% healed no excuses at this point.  Kids becoming a joke.
Mike38826::you sound like your feelings are hurt.
kane FTW::If Im Rose I wouldn't think of playing this year.
quickbr0wnf0x::If they could only put Luke Walton's brain into a more athletic body...
flip...tide::How about just putting his WHITE SKIN on another player?  Forgive me, I've not seen Luke's MENSA scores or any indication that he is particularly smart. Have you?  Link please?  Thanks!
ShaqbeatsDwightAsARookie::best comment here
erie689::LOL @ cSHOx choosing to hit Past, 2010, Cleveland on his Time Machine because the Future in Believeland scares him!
MarcyDArcysChickenCoop::Good lord... That is all
This_Guy1::... What the hell, just what, the, hell? Tom needs to get the team together have have a nice, long chat.
geeman217::coltranesteelkirt HUUUUGE Bulls fan here since the MJ days.... That said, Cleveland is just way too superior to us. This young Cavs team is exciting, and even without Iriving, would've stopped Jordan's best teams. ______________ ^^^THIS ^^^ may qualify as the STUPIDEST statement of the night...
dweidrick53::Im a cavs fan and that is a ridiculous statement.
This_Guy1::what is this i don't even......
JBtheBUS36Rolling::or it's the best
ChuckCharlesCharlie::how the hell does walton still gets paid 6MIL!!!
YogaBeer::LA Contract.   However, once his contract is over after this season, would love to see him take a vet mini as he's a good bench player.
ggeewill::agreed...I'd love to keep him. He seems to like helping the young guys.
vandeman34::yep, he should get much more! Hes easily max player
sPYKeR_01::the problem with the bulls is that they pay their core players super star money but are really are better off as role players (ofcourse except d rose)...  the denver nuggets core players have a better line up overall but are payed lesser compared to boozer, noah &amp; deng....  now they would be stuck with these guys until their contract is finished....
mojorisin92::Cavs have a damn good backcourt to build around. Irving is already an All-Star and Waiters might be one soon.
1502blue::yup, this just proves it...cavs a way better team without irving....KIDDING, but it really would be great if Dion could consistently play this well to compliment Kyrie's game...Sometimes i just don't really think that they coexist very well on the court together though...I think their games are a little too similar.
1mproperDancing::Waiters is shooting over 50% in February, so he definitely has gained some consistency and has steadily improved his decision making and shot selection.  I mean, in a game where Kyrie Irving was out he only took 16 shots, made 10, and only two or three of them could have been said to be bad.    He's still a rookie and has a ways to go on defense, and still makes the occasional bone-headed decision on offense, but if you're a Cavs fan you have to be excited about the turn-around this kid has made since the start of the season.  He also really needs to learn to move without the ball.  He does it occasionally, but not enough, although I assume that will come with time.
quickbr0wnf0x::Waiters is still a rookie -- and rookies by definition are inconsistent.  With time and the right attitude he could be really special.
Rickster7218::Totally agree, he is a diamond in the rough...He could still go off for 40pts or lay and egg and go 4-20....Dion is unstoppable when driving to the rak....
bohms27::Agreed.. he's been playing great the last month
poochTM66::You haven't been watching much lately have you?
browzen63::i just realized the Cavs beat the Bulls without any All-Stars, how are you Bulls gonna make through the playoffs if you can't even get past the Cavs?..........hehehhe.......just kidding, i'm sure you'll be fine!
quickbr0wnf0x::Hey, the Heat needed a last-minute rally to beat these same Cavs only a couple of days ago.
steve mctowelie jr.::and 2 ots to beat sacremento
coltranesteelkirt::HUUUUGE Bulls fan here since the MJ days.... That said, Cleveland is just way too superior to us.  This young Cavs team is exciting, and even without Iriving, would've stopped Jordan's best teams.
dweidrick53::Oh yeah...thats why under your favorite teams it says Cleveland Cavaliers
Bumslayer86::O.J Mayo ... Jamal Crawford... Nick Young .. GarPax didn't want to bring them in for cheap $@%!$@ idiots
paulleena64::Mom jokes are too childish, immature and irrelevant.
quickbr0wnf0x::Did your mother tell you to say that?     ;)
paulleena64::Bulls are 28th in point per game at 92.5.  They need more offensive production.  They really need another scorer.
mason8181::Maybe the Bulls just realized that Rose is out.
cyborgi312::gn trolls
paulleena64::who is trolling this board?
bustinyomouht::yo mommas meathole
bustinyomouht::go to bed kido
bustinyomouht::SUCK ON DAT BULL LOSERS
sugarglyder::Don't knock Beal just because Waiters is starting to play well.  Beal's playing slightly better atm.
ShaqbeatsDwightAsARookie::waiters rookie of the years, lillard is going to win because he had a strong start with portland but they fell off as of now and they should really reconsider rookie of the year
YogaBeer::All season long....   let me reprint this;  ALL SEASON LONG Waiters has been at the top of almost every possible offensive category for rookies.   Not so with Beal.   The only one to be consistently playing at the same or higher level has been Lillard.
poochTM66::they are both playing better than lillard atm. seriously look at the recent numbers and minutes.
evanlevineart::Why would you say Beal is playing slightly better right now?
NJNets_100979::bulls stink..
cyborgi312::yup
bustinyomouht::lol
cyborgi312::lol nets fan u crack me up wish u had my team
bustinyomouht::do u own the team...lmfao
paulleena64::Bulls have fallen to sixth seed.
paulleena64::Bulls have lost 8 of last 12 games.  What is going on?
will-i_am::chicago is depressing in february
cyborgi312::It took miami two ots to rack up the assists the Bulls did in reg we will be ok just in a slump right now
marco19188::dumb anology since a took miami 2ots to rack up the same assts amount as we did in regular time we will be ok.. news flash they won u lost ..bulls have lost 8 of their last 12 games
