raphaelg::Good to see Beasley a threat for the Heat.  Spoelstra finally decided to give him more time.  He finally saw he is an offensive threat!    Good to have a good offensive threat that can make it to double digits in terms of points.  Just needs to build his defense and assist a bit more.   But this is more than expected in just a short time for Beasley who only played 2 games with meaningful minutes.
sda::Oh man, if Greg Oden can come back and give the Heat anything, they will be so dangerous. They have Beasley now who can also create his own shot, and even with Lebron, Wade, and Bosh in the game, they still run the offense through him. Imagine if they can get a healthy Oden in that rotation too
willie::Time to get Beasley and Andersen in again.
Brandon::Oden sitting behind the bench in a suit already.  Are Miami fans imagining how much better they'll be when he starts playing.  Yeah that's how it starts.
Andrew::At least Wade did not lose the game for the Heat. I don't mind James and all his antics. He is a clown, but a great player.  Hopefully he leaves for LA or NYC. Heat fan will sing another tune. The same tune that they played prior to James = 5,000 fans per game. Not being able to sell out 1 home game. Ouch, talking about a front runner fan base.  Good luck this season Heat. It's all on James. Wade and Bosh are just role players for James. Wade does try to take over, but his game is one on one. He lacks court vision, most of his passes are the obvious ones. When he gets double teamed. When he forces passes, it's usually a turnover.
I State Facts And You Get Mad::Lots of cry babies on here tonight... Good lord these people are obsessed with the Heat more than their fans are and that is embarrassing...  No shocker, Miami sells out again while the Pacers only had 13,000 people show up for last nights game... LMAO, talk about a pathetic fan base
Ralph Gonzalez::To all you hatters out there that think the heat are already in trouble just remember weve been to the finals 3 straight years and have started out slow and  have won back to back champinships and will get a three peat  this year
Dominick::Mayo, Butler and Pachulia should all have decent games tonight vs the heat... lots of injuries and somebodies gotta play the minutes... Those three should post some solid numbers...
Tony::Gee Oden is inactive, now there's a surprise. He was nothing but a whiny bust here in Portland, can't imagine he is going to be much different for Miami.
Dolphins#1::I'm a Heat fan, but I gots Bucks +14.5.  What can I say dog. I'm the best dam handicapper out there!
