John Allen Reave::I'm an Indiana fan, but I'm reeeeeeeeealy hoping Brooklyn can win this game.  It's sad to see this team languish with such a horrible record.  C'mon guys!
Jamie Bonner::Heat fan & 100% agree.
Robert Demaria::Celtics having a better record than the Nets, is almost too funny to believe, with all that talent, they have.
Albert Leung::the way j kidd reacted when they won says it all.. he had no idea how they pulled off a win
Marc Pascal::Nah his face is always like that. Even when won a ring. Dude can't blink.
Steve Broome::Rudy Gay is Bizarro Lebron.
Brennan Huff::Is this real life?
Hasan Braco Mujakic::3:13 left to play in 4th. Score 101-89 Paul Pierce enters the game for Alan Anderson	 Kevin Garnett enters the game for Tyshawn Taylor	  Shaun Livingston enters the game for Mirza Teletovic End of the 4th Quarter. Score 102-100 Good job starters!!! You deserved this win!!!
Johnnie Lawrence Jr.::I'm glad I'm not the only one that noticed that. I'm sitting here saying, we have the Lakers tomorrow, the backup are maintaining a double digit lead. No need to replace them with older guys who haves been sitting on the bench for the last 6 or 7 minutes. Anyone with any basketball sense knows that Toronto will be pressing and  doubling up. Only 1 point scored.
Jason Vu::Nets should trade for Kebo since he just signed a 48.5mil 2 yr extension with Lakers...Nets don't mind having a bloated payroll anyway...it would make the team full of geriatric patients....ooops...i meant players.
Sam Teele::its night like this why rudy is banning stat sheets in the locker room 3-12 shooting in 32 minutes 4 rebound 4 assists 7 turnovers. i didnt watch the game but lookign at the stat sheet its seems like rudy cost the raps this one
Mike Larson-Edwards::The Nets have looked abysmal. No reason to think they'll turn things around tonight. Free NBA Picks here...http://faceybros.com/official-picks/nba
Jason Whetzell::Kobe-less Lakers have the same amount of wins of both new york teams COMBINED.
Marc Pascal::Come on you damn Raptors, either tank it or break .500! If you go 38-44 I'm gonna lose it..
Justin Wrasman::Get your life together, Nets. We're trying to tank over here.- Orlando Magic
Alex Hernandez::Finally! Nets are officially better than the Knicks.
David Morrissey::Amazing that a team with a losing record can lead a division.
Samit Jain::raptors are complete garbage team...
Patrick MacKinnon::Toronto makes it's comebacks in the 4th.  As long as they aren't down double digits I wouldn't worry too much.
Samit Jain::Patrick MacKinnon clearly
Patrick MacKinnon::Samit Jain More like in the last 5 minutes of the 4th, see Portland, Houston as examples and almost Charlotte.
Lester Avellan::Raptors win this game easily. Young guns vs. veterans.
Shanny Salcedo::omg we won a game....get the confetti!!!
James Bogie::lol the nets are realy bad . money well spent
TJ Conley::Lets go Raptors!
Corey Beaumont::Nets have played terrible second half basketball @ -7.1 point margin compared to -.4 in the first. That's what OLD legs will do to an overpaid squad. At +7 do see the Nets being a good bet for the night with a strong upset possibility.
Josh Parsons::The Raptors just need to push the tempo and move the ball quickly so the Nets won't be able to keep up in transition. I expect the Nets to come out swinging but without Lopez/Williams, the Raptors will pull away in the second half.
Patrick MacKinnon::All these gamblers getting mad at Toronto is kind of funny.  I thought you guys would learn your lesson, the only consistent thing about the raptors is that they are inconsistent.
Steve Carman::Rudy Gay is horrible! no wonder memphis got rid of this scrub! absolutely a joke! he is a 'star' apparently.. a 'star' at TO and bricks!
Cp Donnell::Big time win net , let's play smart need to get a good spot in the playoffs to have a chance , can't keep losing games
Scott Baker::When beating Toronto becomes a big time win..........You big time suck!!!
Cp Donnell::Cause they lost mad games in a row stupid and they broke thier losing streak
Vik Jasrotia::should have had novak hitting that 3 at the end instead of amir
