Road dog Red::CELTICS... HOO...RAH
PP owns Rondo::GM's were foolish for not drafting Sully. For my C's to get him at 21 is the biggest steal in the last 5 years. Gotta give Danny credit for getting Rondo, Avery, and Sully. I hope Fab Melo turns out nice but IDK.
Dwayne_Johnson23::You need to stop calling them you're C's
Fear the Gr0nk::He's looking good in D League.  If he can stay away from doorways and keep developing he looks pretty promising.
ynot1825::Note to Danny, do not break this team up let it play out the season. Bring some one in to help but let this current team finish the season. They may not win a championship but i want this team together for a playoff run....
PP owns Rondo::They could win a title though. Our defense is in the top 10 again and will be in the top 5 by the end of January with Avery being back.
ynot1825::IMO this current roster can go all the way...
Pete Carroll likes to Dance::so far Jeff Green has posterized former celtics Al Jefferson, and Jermaine O'Neal....  Ray ray, you're next....
Fear the Gr0nk::Sullinger with 12 points 16 rebounds and 3 assists.    Hope he keeps improving.
StevenDanger194::4 wins in a row keep it up Celtics this team keeps improving.
3KidneyJoe::And now.... something completely different.
BANKROBBA2020::DEAR GOD...WHAT HAS HAPPENED TO MY SUNS?!?
jbendtsen::Suns are not shining so bright
StevenDanger194::maybe you will win the lottery at this point.
SQUIRES5000::I sit here confused and happy at the same time, we have won 4 in a row yes, but how many are impact players that are running end to end for us? KG is the only one I can think of and Rondo is causing major issues as of late. I like this though not letting the Offense break 80+ points on my old C's. I believe we should start looking to move Terry for a 2nd or 3rd rd guy, he is not clutch and has not had one game in recent memory, where he scored and was defending. I wonder how hard it would be to get A pure 3 man that will not miss the barn door if wide open? Steph Curry, anyone else that is in a low market team we could give the picks even though we are aging, the real question is do we want to be #3 or 2 tops and loose 2nd rd. to the Heat or take it as hard as we can on the league. Sullinger did play good tonight not great, because we would say he is great without saying it if he brought energy 'Every" night, 12,16,3,1,1 is great for a young guy let's pray he stay's hype and focused.
Pete Carroll likes to Dance::all i can say is that I am glad that we have a defense again....  giving up 100 points every game was painful to watch...
JonNason24::They gotta start sully
Road dog Red::Celtics looked stagnant and complacent.. except for Garnett, Bradley and Sullinger..... need another energy guy... I'd like to see Barbosa get more playing time in place of Terry...
Dwayne_Johnson23::What up homie?
ToledoMan::Big time steal getting Sully that low in the draft.  Look at some of the trash taken ahead of him.
Jimmy30313::I was jumping for joy when we drafted him.
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Hooray! Big fan of Sullinger so far and having Bradley back gives us that spark of energy Boston needed. Tons of fun watching the C's lately. Go CELTICS.
Dwayne_Johnson23::Yo
Jimmy30313::YO YO
willy9922::cs are going to win 35  in a row
nhraven5200::Sullinger is trash.He'll be out of the NBA in 2 years.
GLaps17::I love this dude, every boston related article he is there. His obsession with Boston related sports is awesome.
mjj3_aka_agentm::You must be a rockets fan how's royce white working out for you?
Jimmy30313::Wow you are very observant
nhraven5200::Barely beat the Suns?? How pathetic
Jimmy30313::Well when you consider teams like OKC and Miami loose to the Wiz, no it's not pathetic at all.
TresMilagro::C's on a ROLL!!! Whooop! Whooop!
whaaahhhhhhhhhh::says the Giants fan.  forgot to erase your comment board rlathdus.  anyeonghaseyyo
GiantFootMnstr::This team stays healthy they have a good chance, tons of depth, veterans playing with young talent. It's fantastic.
Squatching::Barbosa is fast as sh.it
paulleena12::Absolutely love Sullinger and Avery.  Very glad they both are Celtics and hopefully for years to come.
Squatching::Sullinger is a beast
aioooooooo8::the suns need Rudy Gay.!!!
laneclark13::Avery B. is changing everything!
abdiraxman79::apologies to celtics fans, i caused all the c's trouble this season, i finally realized im like jonah and had to be tossed overboard for the celtics to win, i can't watch any c's games until after the all-star break. whenever the c's go on winning streaks i miss most of the games, but when i watch faithfully they lose. (this has been going on for years im afraid, finally figured out the pattern) after the all star break the curse is nullified but never before. sorry it won't happen again.
_BleedingBoston::Up next on the schedule: Linsanity and The Beard Mr. James Harden
_BleedingBoston::Hopefully the Celtics do a better job containing the boards. That's what cost them the game against Houston last time
San David 34::That's a long shot from happening. We're facing a team that's 8th in the league for rebounding.
paulleena12::And Mr. Xiu will be all over the board.
iamjayee::Let us say goodbye to brandon bass and courtney lee...
Who_Is_Jimmy.Butler::Lee is making progress, while Bass is taking a step back. Bass is the guy that has to go.
paulleena12::I like Courtney Lee...he is still improving.
iamjayee::okay let me rephrase... goodbye bass...
_BleedingBoston::It's nice to get revenge on Jermaine O'Neal for bailing on the Celtics last season to get season ending surgery on his wrist. Never liked the guy and never will.
paulleena12::Me too.
TonyFat15::celtics need gortat
cbrosch::I would love it, but I'm afraid of what we would have to give up
paulleena12::76ers and Lakers are struggling.
mcase2012::and now the hawks too
a617guy::Can't wait to crush the HEat in a few weeks and watch diva-wade cry when Bradley roughs him up. Sully should dominate Posh on the boards too
paulleena12::I firmly believe we can beat Heat consistently if we continue to play Defense like we have been.
paulleena12::Glad trade deadline is Feb 21st.  We have time to see how this team plays together, now that our Defense is back.
a617guy::yes, plenty of time.
FORKWDEVIL::79 pts? OMG!  we suck
Money_Talks97::Boston Defense
FORKWDEVIL::I bet
Str8 Awesome::sully +24 on the night... this kid is getting better at an unbelievable rate. Skys the limit here we got ourselves a HUGE steal. called it then
mcase2012::I've been saying this for a while, Josh Smith would be ideal for C's. Great friend of Rondo. His contract is up after the year and Hawks don't intend to resign him. We prob wouldn't have to give up as much as you'd think
mcase2012::Bass is in a funk IDK. He's cheap too. We'll see
a617guy::Brandon bass, PLEASE
Jimmy30313::Rondo is always heavily criticised in the regular season, but come playoff time everyone just sits back and goes WOW.
Money_Talks97::Green better be in most of the top 10 plays
paulleena12::Rondo's full effect is seen in the playoffs.  Many games he takes over, both defensively and offensively.
paulleena12::Also, besides Doc. Rondo is the only one who knows and can run all offensive sets.
Str8 Awesome::this was such a great game to be at. between sully's 16 rebounds and green dunks, not to mention the W, I enjoyed it very much
paulleena12::Green's 1 year anniversary from his aortic surgery.
Money_Talks97::<b>Sullllllllllllllly</b> and <b>Greeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeen</b>
a617guy::new Money talks episode &gt;&gt;&gt;
a617guy::nevermind.
Money_Talks97::what?
a617guy::I'd do Rondo for Cousins and Evans in a heartbeat
Shaun0088::Glad you aren't the GM.
mcase2012::Miami is stuck with that roster and their cap for awhile barring unprecedented moves. Big names are headed elsewhere most likely
mcase2012::a good portion but I mean once they're gone cap space frees up and they get more talented FA's to surround him
a617guy::yeah, where are these more talented FA"s coming from haha. pretty sure they will join LeBron or someone else
Kirk-ls-My-Hinrich::Pierce and Garnett are holding Rondo back? lol
a617guy::I hope so..not many people like Boston haha. But I guess Money Talks
mcase2012::Evans has regressed every year and why would you give up best PG in NBA. He's been fan favorite for years. w/o him Pierce and Garnett would have retired
Money_Talks97::They can but  its not as easy without Rondo
a617guy::Yeah but will he be that good once Pierce and Garnett are out? How many assists go to KG jumpers? Pierce 3s? lol
Kirk-ls-My-Hinrich::mmm I think Pierce and Garnett can still play at a high level without Rondo.
Jimmy30313::Nah Rondo is the future of this team.
Money_Talks97::Hell No
paulleena12::Sullinger is rapidly coming into his own.  Found his niche and role in this team.
Kirk-ls-My-Hinrich::Defense!  Good win C's.
paulleena12::Yes in Two Weeks, Celtics witll be # 1 or 2.
Jimmy30313::That might be a stretch but we are improving
jonhernandez14::If sully keeps playing like this, he could be one of the biggest stealsof the draft especially after all the worries about his back and whatnot
jonhernandez14::True
Jimmy30313::For me he is already the steal of the draft. Just like Kenneth Fareid was last year.
mcase2012::best part is Rondo only played 31 mins. He'll be fresh for this home stand. Not that stamina is a big issue of his though..
a617guy::I feel like the C's could move Rondo for Cousins and Jimmer. THe rebounding would get us over the hump in Miami for sure. Would I actually do the trade? Probably not, but if Rondo doesn't develop matuer or later, he is not going to be a good fit for this franchise
Shaun0088::Then you woke up.
Jimmy30313::Cousins is not worth Rondo. You wanna give up the best PG in the league?
a617guy::But that is the problem- you really don't know what you're gonna get with Rondo. He is a head case just like Cousins... he isn't maturing at all.. Doc needs to put him in his place
Jimmy30313::You know what your gonna get with Rondo. Cousins has a question mark over his head
a617guy::He put up 31 and 20 the other day.. his ceiling is extremely high. Did you see how well the Celtics offense ran even without Rondo? We can change the offense to run through Pierce or another PG you know
celtsfan91477::Stop it....you don't give up the #1 PG in the NBA for a bum like Evans and Cousins.
a617guy::Jimmy, he looks very promising at PF, but once KG is gone, there's a HUGE hole to fill and Fab Melo is a question mark.
Jimmy30313::Im hoping Sullinger is the answer long term
a617guy::i'm just getting the ball rolling. I guess I should stop being pessimistic , but you can't ignore our complete inability to rebound, especially moving forward a few years
celtsfan91477::LOL@ ALL THE TROLLS THAT CAME HERE HOPING AND PRAYING FOR A SUNS UPSET.
paulleena12::Celtics are going for a 10 game winning streak....one game at a time...still have 4 games at home.   <b><a> GO C-E-L-T-I-C-S !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!</a></b>
zeller2395::I think a guy the Celtics should look at for a trade would be Ian Mahinmi of the Pacers. He's a 6'11 Center who comes off the bench as an energy guy and is a good rebounder and is athletic. He plays solid defense and doesn't put up big numbers so his trade value would not be too high. Something like Courtney Lee, Chris Wilcox, and a 2nd should do it. I say make it happen. I did this trade for my season in NBA 2k13 and it helped me out a lot. Just sayin.
a617guy::Sounds like a Fab Melo with a lower ceiling. I'd rather trade for a proven big like GOrtat
a617guy::oo, i see..I like the idea. I don't want to break apart this team that is getting hot
zeller2395::Ya but the point is that getting Gortat would mean giving up somebody like bradley or sullinger. This is a guy we can get to come off the bench and not give up much to get. He is like a developed fab melo.
13Datty40Zetty::yea don't need anything heavy just some one to grab boards and play D. But blockbuster trade would be solid too
