JaxFl45::As a Heat fan, I was glad to see Bosh back out there doing what he do.
Ryan 2161::“I think anytime you go from the early part of the season, just having the ball and me just having the ball and being the distributor, and now just running the wings and waiting for the ball to come to me, that’s quite an adjustment for myself"  -Carmelo Anthony, just over a week after he said he can play with anybody and basketball is just basketball 'at the end of the day'
PutYouOn::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D8UnZZEwn1c&amp;feature=related  LIL LEBRON
PutYouOn::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fcQbogFZUaQ&amp;feature=related  BRON BRON GOTTA DO SOMETHING ABOUT THAT $@%!...ITS GETTING CRAZY
BringbackDtrain::damn thats pathetic someone would actually make a video about that. get off the dude's nuts lol
PutYouOn::ITS JUST GETTIN CRAZY THO....$@%! I AINT ON NOBODYS NUTS...JUST SAYIN SOONER OR LATER THAT HEAD BAND WONT BE ABLE TO GO ANY HIGHER
jeff hester19::Just an fyi to you Heat fans that hate the Bulls trolls   ----Heatster.--- Anyone knows if there's something going on with Google? I keep googling "delusional Bulls fans" and it keeps taking me to this message board    Discuss.    This is just one guy we have to deal with
BringbackDtrain::miami fans cant even use this board during games. and yeah he's a moron.
PutYouOn::IDC WHAT THEY THINK W T F
jeff hester19::You aren't helping me out....
PutYouOn::ITS NOT ALL BULLS FANS...
jeff hester19::We can't during Bulls games either...that's partially why i come here...to be honest I just wanna talk basketball with someone and I just get called a band wagoner primarily because I'm a Bulls fan that disputes other people's statements
swisha115::This fool Wade always hurt
younglouiE::Oh and Miami Heat have the top half court offense...with Joel Anthony as the starter lmao wow.
younglouiE::Remember people use to say...Miami Heat "doesn't have a half court offense"..............well, the NBA's best half court team.
younglouiE::I just had to state this because I hear so many people say Miami doesn't have an efficient offense
mookienation::He's right.
jeff hester19::to be honest i don't think that is true
jeff hester19::yea sure I'm fine with the statement if you've got proof i'm not positive of mine i just didn't think they were #1
younglouiE::want me to put up the link? Cause I can do that.
PutYouOn::GOOD FOR THEM
42Wolverine21::RAAAHAHAHAAHAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Dem_Canes_Man::PutYouOn 4TH QUARTER CLUTCH GENE  DURANT&gt;JAMES  ==============================================================  What is a "clutch gene"?
itdoesntmatterwhoiis::Maybe LeBron should take lessons from Robert Horry on how to be clutch.
PutYouOn::ANYBODY JUST NOT HIMSELF
mookienation::Statistically speaking, putting the ball in the best players hands at the end of the game is the worst thing you can possibly do.  Run a play.
PutYouOn::YEA IN LEBRONS CASE...DURANT DOES A PRETTY GOOD JOB OF IT
younglouiE::trying to put your team in position to win within the last 5 or 7 mins of a tight game in the 4th Qtr. well that's my definition of clutch gene
PutYouOn::BEING ABLE TO SCORE WHEN IT COUNTS....BEST PLAYER GOTTA HAVE THE BALL IN HES HANDS
jeff hester19::The thing Kobe does when there's a couple seconds left and just says F.uck it i'm gonna chuck this ball and hope it goes in
TeamZillah::If LBJ wins MVP, the hate on this website will go Kaioken.
jeff hester19::Well he does deserve MVP...Idk about the hate
younglouiE::I really don't want Lebron getting MVP...even though he's playing like one
jerrymmm::I like Lebron James because Skip Bayless hates him.
Dem_Canes_Man::Skip Bayless is funny man.
TeamZillah::People blame LBJ for making a pass that to a player that was very MAKE-ABLE, but the OTHER player missed, so its Lebron's fault.  Lebron didn't take the shot? LEBRON'S FAULT. Its always gonna be LBJ's fault?
bigworm237415799::No need to try and fight this tho. We all get that this is and will always be the case until he wins a title. So we can just let it be until he wins one. Period.
Canwealljustgetalong::Very true bigworm, this is why I hope that this is his year. Than maybe all these haters will choke on something
younglouiE::absolutely...always BLAME LEBRON
younglouiE::March 25th is gonna be a awesome day
yardog59::The 14th will be much better!!
42Wolverine21::what i gon do is gather all the fattest, ugliest, loudest floridians an send them up to chicago and NY and have them see how it feels
itdoesntmatterwhoiis::Chicago &amp; NY is already full of fat, loud, and ugly people!
PutYouOn::NAH..I BEEN TO FLORIDA NTH BUT CUBAN LOUD MOUTHS....AND THERES FAT PEOPLE EVERYWHERE IN CASE U DIDNT KNOW..AMERICA GOT THE MOST OBESE PEOPLE...
42Wolverine21::u mad lil boy?
PutYouOn::YEA CUZ U HAVE SEEN EVERYBODY RIGHT...WHAT A STUPID THING TO SAY GROW UP
42Wolverine21::and they send them all down here to FL
PutYouOn::WTF U GOT ISSUES
42Wolverine21::u got dudu in your eyes???
TeamZillah::Question: How did Thunder or Lakers come into this game that is being conversed on?
younglouiE::pshh who knows...somehow bulls got in this too smh.
bigworm237415799::Those other fans just wanna hate on the Heat.
PutYouOn::4TH QUARTER CLUTCH GENE DURANT&gt;JAMES
jerrymmm::OK. So what. Do you buy everything Skip Bayless offers?
jeff hester19::I'm pretty sure NO ONE likes Skip Bayless
PutYouOn::F U C K THAT OLD GEEZER...HE DONT KNOW S H I T
12hoopa24::Lebron&gt;Durant  MVP.....Lebron has 2 &amp; about 2 get another how many Durant have. Oh wait I 4got he has a all-star MVP
12hoopa24::you the one puting Durant over lebron. &amp; Kobe been in the league 16...Lebron 9. Jordan is retired....Lebron 9. But people still compare them. So thats not a good point for your argument come up with something else. Please
PutYouOn::DURANTS BEEN IN THE LEAGUE 4 YEARS..BRON 9??? BIG DIFFERENCE
itdoesntmatterwhoiis::so LeBron has "selective" 4th quarter genes....yes we know. But to accomplish a title....you gotta play all rounds in the 4th quarter.
bigworm237415799::Lol, so by that logic how is it Durant&gt;LeBron? Bron has been to 2 finals.
bigworm237415799::Did you see the Heat series vs the Bulls and Celtics?
TeamZillah::As a Heat fan, that is correct. However...Cool Story Bro.
PutYouOn::NO DOUBT
younglouiE::As a Heat fan...I must agree
TeamZillah::Note to majority of my fellow Heat Fans: Stop making the rest of us look like idiots.
TeamZillah::Lol. Its like....Heat Fans can't see another team that's good.  Like, the Heat are the most dominating and best team in the league in my opinion,I agree with that. But they are not unbeatable.
jeff hester19::Alright at least you're rational
brandonlee561heat22::Both
jeff hester19::With both or just mine?
brandonlee561heat22::agree
jeff hester19::Yeah and the Bulls fans won't realize that we haven't beat them yet this year so they make shiit up to put down the Heat
brandonlee561heat22::Who?
PutYouOn::AHAHA
jeff hester19::Same goes to my Bulls fans
bigworm237415799::Preach on brotha man.
DiffiCOLT decision::Durant&gt;James
42Wolverine21::hiieell no
younglouiE::..........................
jeff hester19::No...I'm a Bulls fan and i know that''s not true unless you're speaking of scoring
bigworm237415799::DiffiCOLT decision&gt;idiot
duke of early bird::lmao
TeamZillah::Cool Story, Bro.
TeamZillah::Whoever says that rings determine player greatness are idiots. Nash, Stockton, Barkley, LBJ, never got a ring. They all are just average right?
TeamZillah::I am definitely a Heat and Thunder fan? -__-
bigworm237415799::Its funny how that works. Before Peyton Manning won his first ring, he was a choker and couldn't win a big game, then he wins a title and suddenly everyone is asking if he could be the greatest qb of all time. The ring talk is largely a joke.
bigworm237415799::I didnt say anybody thinks that you $@%!$@%. I said after he won a ring people were asking if he "could" be the greatest qb of all time. Reading comprehension son.
TeamZillah::He is regarded as one of the best of all time. Football is not nearly as person oriented as basketball dude. You most be a troll. Please tell me.
duke of early bird::he is 9-8 in the postseason, nobody thinks he is close to the greatest of all time.
brandonlee561heat22::That's a Bulls fan for you, always stuck in the '90's.
jeff hester19::You're something else....
brandonlee561heat22::Speaking of Bulls fan's hhaha
jeff hester19::What? I was just explaining why Stockton and Barkley don't have rings
PutYouOn::THE DUDE ASKED A QUESTION U IDIOT
jeff hester19::Without Jordan Stockton and Barkley get rings...and Nash just has been unlucky
yardog59::Anyone besides the Heat winning it all this year??  Serious question for you Heat fans. How about a different team from the East?
bigworm237415799::Gotta be the Bulls. No question. Hell they're probably the 2nd best team in the NBA.
TeamZillah::Bulls have a chance against the East, as well as even the Magic. But I can definitely say I see the Heat passing every team up in the East.
TeamZillah::I'm just saying, they are a decent team...even though they can't beat the Bobcats looool.
duke of early bird::orlando?  wow!
duke of early bird::i dont see anyone from the east unless chicago makes a big trade, but okc and the spurs have a legit chance.
younglouiE::If it's not the Heat, then the Bulls
DiffiCOLT decision::Eddie Curry is younglouiE's father....
42Wolverine21::man i sure hope the dolphins get manning and bust the colts in the mouth
42Wolverine21::i don know RG3 or manning at this point, either way be better than bein stuck w my man henne
DiffiCOLT decision::now THAT...i agree with...
younglouiE::thanks for the shoutout
younglouiE::it's still spelled wrong
younglouiE::I can tell
DiffiCOLT decision::its a DiffiCOLT word to spell Lu...
younglouiE::you spelled difficult wrong.
DiffiCOLT decision::you know i gotta look out for Eddie's peeps
jeff hester19::My 89th Account This Month I will sound like a Bulls fan addressing a Miami fan..."Rose hasn't proven himself because he does not have a ring yet. He shouldn't even be on this list!" the list was 5Rose 4Rondo 3CP3 2DWill 1LBJ  Well with the logic of Rose doesn't have a ring...the only point guard deserving of this list is Rondo....
PutYouOn::HES A T U R D
younglouiE::Heat vs Okc would be a pretty good series...KD is a scary dude
My 89th Account This Month::Durant is a force...but Heat will win that Series.  KD will probably win 1-2 games by himself, though.
brandonlee561heat22::Brickbrook would lose that series for OKC
My 89th Account This Month::Dude is scaaaary good.  That team is one good trade from getting past the Heat.
younglouiE::I agree
42Wolverine21::KD vs LBJ should be fun to watch
PutYouOn::TOP 20 POINT GUARDS! 1 ROSE 2 WILLIAMS 3 PAUL 4 RONDO 5 WESTBROOK 6 PARKER 7 NASH 8 JENNINGS 9 WALL 10 KYRIE 11 LAWSON 12 CURRY   13 LOWRY 14 EVANS 15 HOLIDAY 16 CONLEY 17 RUBIO 18 TAGUE 19 COLLISON 20 LIN!
duke of early bird::man you list all screwed up!  not even close!
PutYouOn::WHATS URS THEN???
jeff hester19::Evans isn't exactly a point guard
PutYouOn::HE PLAYS THE POINT GAURD POSITION HES LISTED AS ONE
PutYouOn::CHECK HES RECENT GAMES HES BEEN STRUGGLING
42Wolverine21::damn
Dexter1789::Rubio 17 ??? there is something wrong in that table ...
jeff hester19::#18 is Jeff Teague
PutYouOn::JEFF TEAGUE
My 89th Account This Month::Lin??? Your list just 'jumped the shark'.
bigworm237415799::Who the hell is #18???
bigworm237415799::Lowry is better than Wall and Lawson.
PutYouOn::ITS ONLY ONE SEASON..HES NOT THAT GOOD AT SCORING
Dexter1789::The Heat needs to get either Diop, Koufos or Petro after the trade deadline ...
Dexter1789::Or Pittman for that matter ...
Dexter1789::Those three are legit back up centers .. not Curry likes...
My 89th Account This Month::That plan does not instill confidence. It would be just as effective to hire a couple more people to hand out water bottles during time-outs.
TeamZillah::East (Finals): Its either the Heat, Miami, or the BUlls.  West: OKC, Thunder, Mavs or Spurs...
TeamZillah::I mean...you just destroyed the joke. Of course its the OKC Thunder...I'm saying, I'm in OKC/Heat's favor.
42Wolverine21::i got it man
yardog59::The Heat OR Miami??  Put the pipe down, son!!
bigworm237415799::Maybe he's trying to say the Heat have a better chance of making it than the Bulls
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::lol
DiffiCOLT decision::Well, let me congratulate the HEAT for beating one of the worst teams in the league...What an accomplishment...when you beat good teams like the Lakers, let me know.....
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Beat the lakers, bulls, celtics, knicks, mavs, spurs shall i continue?
My 89th Account This Month::Hell Dude...the PISTONS beat the Lakers last night!!!
younglouiE::LMAOOOOOO
TeamZillah::The Lakers FINALLY beat the Heat after like...what was that, 6 straight wins against them?  That was the first time they've one since Lebron has been on the Heat...what are you talking about.
TeamZillah::If you think that Gasol, Bynum, Artest are not good players, you are not even a Lakers fan. You are a Kobe nutgrabber. Classic!
DiffiCOLT decision::they lost to a one man team with a bad wrist...Maybe the mask scared Lebron...
D-Nice891::already beat the lakers..been there done that
LLMiami::You said to let you know when we beat them, so he did.  Your logic makes no sense. Never said we didn't have to win again, you just said let you know when we beat a good team like the Lakers, which we did.  Without Wade, and we blew them out, a game after we blew out the Spurs, and the day before we went on the road and blew out Philly.
bigworm237415799::Actually the Heat didnt have DWade in that first game against the Lakers.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::once? thats the first time they beat us since lebron joined.
TeamZillah::Umm...they lost a game they could have won against the Lakers, but they didn't. They lost a game. So you say they can't beat good teams? Have fun beating the Pistons.
younglouiE::WHAT'S BULLS PERCENTAGE AGAINST +.500 TEAMS ?
DiffiCOLT decision::you don't have that, Stat-man??  Must be good considering they only lost 8 games
D-Nice891::they beat the lakers when both teams were at full strength..lakers won last game when Heat didn't have Bosh, and that was the first Laker win over the Heat since LeBron got there..so shutup
younglouiE::What's the bulls percentage against +.500 teams this season though ?
DiffiCOLT decision::ohhh...so thats why they lost the last game...If you beat a team once, you never have to beat them again...(Miami logic)
D-Nice891::I didn't watch the game last night, how did Eddy Curry look out there?
younglouiE::I think he scored
bigworm237415799::I watched his shot attempts on synergy and there was really nothing going on there. He simply won't be in their plans anytime soon.
Rossi46Doctor::He did, he scored a slice of cheese pizza from the concession stand
TeamZillah::Even after a blowout win from the Heat...how do haters/trolls STILL find a way over here?!
younglouiE::I think it's gonna be Heat vs Okc or Heat vs Spurs in the finals.
yardog59::Heat need to get past the Bucks first!!
younglouiE::lmao that's if they make the playoffs dude
D-Nice891::Heat will crush the Spurs and OKC will be a 6 game series.
younglouiE::Spurs have championship experience though
Dexter1789::Spurs are not going anywhere nor the Lakers.. its either Mavs, OKC or Denver ( if they get healthy )
younglouiE::I think Spurs have a chance, especially if Ginobli comes back playing well...which he will
yardog59::Rethink that and get back to us!!
Rossi46Doctor::PS - It's Depends Night at AA Arena: First 50 fans get a box of adult diapers, all 23 of the rest of them are out of luck.
42Wolverine21::damn dude you fat as hell probly goin dudu in your pants right now
Dexter1789::Top 5 pgs right now in the nba ... 5. Rose  4. Rondo  3. Derrick Wiliams  2. Chris Paul  1. Lebron James
jeff hester19::Can you give Rose his due...he's definitely better than Rondo DWill and maybe CP3 and LBJ isn't even a pg
jeff hester19::But i mean that's just a logical statement
jeff hester19::Neither should DWill or CP3 or LBJ for that matter...smh
My 89th Account This Month::I will sound like a Bulls fan addressing a Miami fan..."Rose hasn't proven himself because he does not have a ring yet.  He shouldn't even be on this list!"
yardog59::LOL at Miami fans. They don't even know the position of their own players!!   LOL!!!!
My 89th Account This Month::Rondo # 1...no one else is even close.
My 89th Account This Month::At the moment...No.  Rondo is dominant among PG's right now.
younglouiE::Cp3?
younglouiE::*Deron....not derrick
Rossi46Doctor::See y'all, enjoy your ringless team.... Unless you count the shrinking ring of LBJ's hairline or Eddy Curry's ringworm
younglouiE::Ringless team?
D-Nice891::People don't realize that if Bosh was playing over the weekend the Heat would be on a 12 game winning streak right now.
My 89th Account This Month::OK...we *know* the Heat will make it from the East. What about the West? I say the Thunder. What say you???????????????????
jeff hester19::Just wait till the end nothing is definitely going to happen...just let it happen and don't say it's definite til it does happen
jeff hester19::Gee thanks for being a dick all i'm saying is that self-entitlement doesn't go far until it legitimately happens
My 89th Account This Month::Gee...thanks for the talk 'Dad'.  I'll stick to my instinct, thank-you-very-much.
TeamZillah::Thunder.
younglouiE::I say Thunder but I'd be more worried if it's the Spurs
Jason Terry765::LA get ur mind right
Jason Terry765::No what 3rd n the west and need to make a move to get a PG
younglouiE::you obviously don't have your mind right.
younglouiE::NO.
DiffiCOLT decision::how many people on here have ACTUALLY played organized basketball?  some of the comments are VERY telling...
42Wolverine21::ill beat u one 1on1 right now lil boy
Jason Terry765::who
42Wolverine21::wtf?
bigworm237415799::Watch your mouth man
bigworm237415799::I played college Div VI basketball and i can tell you that i know what the hell i'm talking about.
My 89th Account This Month::I have (college - Div II)...and I can tell you, the Heat are the best team in the NBA.  It's the way they are dominating teams...their play now matches their swagger.  That's what all great dynasties have...swagger and the skill to back it up (80's Lakers, 90's Bulls, recent Patriots, Red Wings, etc.)
Jason Terry765::Relax D2,them teams u naming r great teams,the Heats not there yet so slow down.
younglouiE::Me. That's why I know what I'm talking about
Aicyla22::is playing organized basketball a requirement to be a fan?
Jason Terry765::Im not sayin that,im sayin u can tell the ones that wish they did thats all
Jason Terry765::No but u can tell the ones that havent easy,by what they say..
bigworm237415799::Gotta love when people try to say that because they played the game, they know more. Lol, ridiculous.
mintzerkj4eva::Alright, Brandon, Aicyla, 89th, and the Bull fans that made their way over here smh  Peace Out
yardog59::Dude, Heat trolls FAR outweigh Bulls trolls by probably a 10 -- 1 margin.
yardog59::You won't see me here very often, very rare for me to be on another teams board
Lomax66::Highly doubtful since half of the so called Bulls fans are actually Heat fans living in Chicago that are just afraid for their families to actually admit it.
jeff hester19::Says the Bulls fan trolling...I try and back the Bulls up and you guys ruin it for me
PutYouOn::TOP 10 POINT GUARDS?
PutYouOn::1 ROSE 2 WILLIAMS 3 PAUL 4 RONDO 5 WESTBROOK 6 PARKER 7 NASH 8 JENNINGS 9 WALL 10 KYRIE 11 LAWSON 12 CURRY  13 LOWRY 14 EVANS 15 HOLIDAY 16 CONLEY 17 RUBIO 18 TAGUE 19 COLLISON 20 LIN!!
TeamZillah::CP3 Rose DWill Rondo Nash
Jason Terry765::DRose,CP3,DWill,Nash,JKidd
jeff hester19::JKidd in his prime yes...not now
Dexter1789::5. Rose 4. Rondo 3. Derrick Wiliams 2. Chris Paul 1. Lebron James
yardog59::Any idiot that places Rondo and Williams ahead of Rose is, well.....................an idiot!!
jeff hester19::Rose CP3 DWill Westbrook Rondo Nash Parker Kyrie and throw in someone idc (no particular order for first 5)
My 89th Account This Month::There aren't 10 good enough to fill out this list...maybe 4 or 5.    :  -  )
younglouiE::How many teams in the NBA play zone? not many....Wait, do you "Bulls" fans know the purpose of 2-3 zone? it's mainly to protect from inside scoring, throwing the opponents offense off balance...Miami didn't have any solid perimeter shooting, mainly a inside scoring team.
younglouiE::but you just said how did the Heat lose in the finals...I just told you why, now I'm making excuses lol confused a-s-s
Rossi46Doctor::Are you still making excuses for the 2011 Finals? It's 2012, bro lol
DiffiCOLT decision::and fyi...everyone is damn near 2 games shy of winning a series...lol
DiffiCOLT decision::right...move on dude...they lost...
yardog59::HEAT NATION  Diehard fans since...................the Decision!!
42Wolverine21::im gon bust u upside your chin
Aicyla22::yes bc we're talking about a team thats never won a championship before...
mintzerkj4eva::Differences for last year's teams  Chicago: Rip (questioned Health) , what else I'm missing? Miami: Shane, Healthy UD, and Miller, Cole
My 89th Account This Month::Haters are gonna hate this, but...  The Heat are by FAR the best team in the league this year.  No other team is even close.  Now that they are in their 2nd season together, the power triad is gelling, and they are not just beating teams...they are crushing teams. Heat will win the title this year...and all the Haters know it.
yardog59::How did they do against the mighty Bucks?? FEAR THE DEER!!
Jason Terry765::Thats y they play the games
younglouiE::they executed pretty well earlier in the season with Dwade...but that was against Minnesota &amp; Charlotte
Jason Terry765::Thank u sir,Heat fans act like they dont have issues at the end of games(Jazz on friday)
bigworm237415799::Don't forget how the team stepped it up to another level in the playoffs last year, so you would think they'd play at a higher level again this year once the playoffs roll around, which is scary.  The problem is that they still have issues in late game situations.
Dexter1789::There is only one team that can beat the Heat this year .... and that team is the Mavs ....
My 89th Account This Month::No way...last year was a fluke.  Dirk got his ring...now he's backed way off his game.  The Thunder probably, the Clippers maybe...but not he Mavs out of the West.
Jason Terry765::If LA can stay big and get a PG
Dexter1789::That whole disaster was Spoltra's fault , it could happen again...
My 89th Account This Month::...and if only Welker had caught that pass.  The Lakers are done.  It's unfortunate...that trade *should* have happened.
bigworm237415799::Please, the only way Mavs beat the Heat is if Bron doesn't get to his scoring averages again.
Dexter1789::Aicyla ,,, no love for the Marlins??? Why???
Dexter1789::o well, You guys had a nice run last year.. i don't know what happened afterwards..
Dexter1789::hahaha well it ll be a good time to complete the triafecta and become a Marlins fan...
jeff hester19::It's kinda they just aren't used to winning so they got confused...jsut a guess
Aicyla22::it doesn't matter to me i really only follow nba &amp; nfl now
Aicyla22::they're alright. my dads from cleveland the first few games i went to were indians games at jacobs field
NBA All Day Everyday::HAHAHAHAHAHA!!!  Bulls fans  Clearly the most blank minded fans the NBA has to offer.
yardog59::Dude, Heat fans are faaaaar more bandwagon and delusional.
younglouiE::Who the bulls add to enhance their team? Rip Hamilton? lmao please.
Rossi46Doctor::Who'd the heat get? Eddie Curry and his personal cheeseburger chef, and the ghost of Shane Battier? LOL ok
bigworm237415799::Aicyla, u got plans this weekend?
Aicyla22::and a healthy haslem &amp; miller as well as cole
bigworm237415799::Rip and his cripple self lol
younglouiE::who the bulls get ?...............................
jeff hester19::Shane Battier? good joke just saying
Aicyla22::battiers D was great on Kobe.  Kobe was just killing it
jeff hester19::He's not a great improvement is all...Kobe torched him...and Rip's been hurt not our fault
Aicyla22::just saying what exactly? whats rips doing for you guys? bc battiers doing quite a bit for us
younglouiE::Bulls live and die with D. Rose, you shut down D. Rose (like Bron did last year) you shut down the team
Dexter1789::if you add that this year we have NOrris Cole and Shane Battier ,, you could very well multiply Rose by zero ..
DiffiCOLT decision::and the Heat just died for no apparent reason in the finals...bwahahahaha
Lomax66::Bulls had to resort to zone, even though they are supposed to be the greatest defensive team of all time, and still lost to Miami.
younglouiE::How many teams in the NBA play zone?
Lomax66::Lebron took him to MVP school
Rossi46Doctor::So the Heat are so great they can't beat a zone defense they should have learned to beat in college? Oh wait... LOL
RunTheBall22::Lebron did not shut him down by himself dude. Wade was cheating off Bogons a lot and you can't do that this year and Rose will know how to handle the trap a little better this year
younglouiE::for no apparent reason? two games shy of winning the finals with Dallas playing 2-3 zone...that's why Miami lost
jeff hester19::Guys just an FYI there are just as many Heat trolls on the Bulls boards as there are Bulls trolls here don't act so high and mighty
mintzerkj4eva::But bringing that up while on a Heat board looks stupid. But I wouldn't know, I don't go on Bulls's boards trolling
jeff hester19::That was to Lomax unless you meant the first one
mintzerkj4eva::Didn't say you were
jeff hester19::Really? Tell me how I've trolled...all day today and yesterday I haven't trolled once...just wanna talk basketball and try to defend my Bulls rationally
Lomax66::I have sat here and watched you troll plenty of times
jeff hester19::I'm not trolling just want to talk basketball...I'm a Bulls fan not an idiot
RunTheBall22::you can't spell Lebron is a sissy without Lebron and sissy
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Wow. Glad you learned how to form a sentence
younglouiE::Lebron
