Ryan Anthony Dreyer::As a Bulls fan I got a good chuckle when I heard all offseason how Butler was the piece that was going to put the Bulls over the top. Remember when the Bulls wouldnt give up Butler and Deng for Kevin Love? What's Love averaging this year? 26 and 14 lol. Bulls management is the worst. Id rather they didnt win these games and got a better draft pick. This draft is the best one in the last 10 years. No point in earning a playoff spot when youre going to get bounced in the first round and youre left with nothing other than a later draft choice. Tank the season, get a high pick, take Charlotte's mid-round pick, bring over Mirotic, and sign a big FA with the money you'll have after Deng walks and Boozer is amnestied
Anthony Duncan::Great another win that hurts this teams potential draft position in a very star studded class.. All for what? An eventual playoff series loss. This organization needs to come down hard on playing time minutes. All players get like 18-20 min and let them fall apart. Stupid win but I've come to expect this from them.
Walter Robeson::winning is stupid huh what the heck are wrong with people. no tanking all this talk about high draft picks in case any one forgot draft picks can be BUST #1 picks sometimes prove to suck. whose to say any of these players go to the league maybe they might want to stay in school. Players on the bulls are playing for contracts in the future and their own personal stock in their career would you suck at your job on purpose to get fired in hopes of getting something better of course not.  play the games let the cards play out in the draft and move from there.  also thibodeau showed great resolve and dedication coaching after returning from his fathers funeral that's big and much respect for him
Hero Miles::I would rather hope that Derrick Rose can come back and be Derrick Rose. If he doesn't, it will take me a long time to get over it.
Flip Tide::I do not like to see tanking, but I agree with your position Anthony.  Thibs grinds his players down like an over sharpened pencil, eking out yet another meaningless win.  I would rather see reduced minutes for the big guys and more development of players who get no playing time, in order to develop them further.  The net result would be a much more skilled and confident bench, a better draft position and golf in June :)
Matt Reynolds::Why are the Bulls still trying to win, I love this team but hate the front office. I'm done watching this garbage team let me know when the draft comes around and if they don't have a top 5 pick I guess I'm waiting til 2016 when KD is a free agent.
Milap Mehta::They're trying to win because that is what you are supposed to do.  Does everyone at your job stop working if an upper level manager gets hurt?  Of course not, they push forward.  That's what great franchises do.
Denniz Rodman::Matt Reynolds I thought you're done watching this team...how'd you know they're still trying to win if you're o longer watching.
Matt Reynolds::But in the end it's still a business and in the end you're always looking for ways to improve your business if that means laying off your employees then so be it. The Bulls have a once in a lifetime opportunity which some of you guys fail to realize and would much rather see the Bulls get ousted in the second round. I'm as big a Bulls fan as anybody and that's why I want the Bulls to move on from what hasn't worked for 4 years. Jabari, Wiggins, Smart, Embiid, Randle all sound better than what the Bulls have now.
Milap Mehta::Solid win for the Bulls.  They should've put Butler or Snell on Conley when he was heating up late 3rd/early 4th while Hinrich was out.  This team has the potential to put opponents away early if they can tighten up when other teams make their runs late.  Also, hats off to Thibs for managing minutes well.
Mark Antwan::With Deng out again and w/o Rose the Bulls fall imma Bulls fan but feel Deng is going to test the free agent market and leave Bulls need to package Boozer and go after a decent trade to compensate Boozer is washed up Taj deserves to start and DRose comes back but slowly he doesn't reach his All Star status for another year or so rebuild
Adam Youman::deng asked for a contract extension. we said no
Denniz Rodman::Mark Antawn your washed up Boozer gave us 21 points 10 rebounds tonight. He's not totally washed up. He's inconsistent. and the only reason we hate him is his fat contract which is actually not his fault.
Hero Miles::Package Boozer? Yeah, cause that's the only way anyone would take him. But who are the Bulls going to package him with? The end of the bench?
Darlene Parrish Jackson::I am pulling for the  Bulls, but I would love to see Seth Curry play in the game for the Grizzles!  Come on Coach!
Taylor Manes::Why the hell did we win..um..tanking hello..
Anmol Ram::http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=mfbdxh6  This trade solves everyones problems, bulls get someone to take pressure off rose when he gets back and a back up center. and thibs will also help improve melos defense.  Knicks get something, in return for melo. The way things have been going i doubt hell stay.  thunder finally get a big that they have been needing Rockets clear up cap to sign parsons and a strech 4.
Adam Youman::HELL NO!!! F_ck Carmelo Anthony and F_ck Kendrick Perkins lol worst trade for the bulls ever why would we want that selfish shooting piece of trash and the guy who cant even average 3 rebounds as a starting center!?
Jay Zee::I'll take Melo. We need another star. Plus we get Mirotic. A big 3 of Rose, Melody, Mirotic....Hecks yes.
Adam Youman::Jay Zee you think melo is gonna play well with any other superstar? no. i dont even want to go there. why trade away our one defensive problem (boozer) and bring in another
Steve Carman::I don't understand how these 'PROS' miss so many free throws... i mean fark.. i can hit 9/10 free throws and i'm not a pro... sure they shoot under pressure or whatever crowd yelling at them.. but seriously.. they are PROS for a reason... MAKE YOUR FREE THROWS YA CU NTS!
Walter Robeson::bet you don't make one in an nba game
Errol Thomas Jr::Bad loss, but James Johnson, even in an off night, managed a double double.  Conley was a monster.  It will be sweet when the team can start putting it all together.  We need wins, not intermittent great individual performances.
Matt Elmore::Both teams were just doomed by injuries this season. It's a shame, but it does highlight the importance of bench depth in the NBA. Both teams do not have the talent off the bench to somewhat make up for the losses of Rose and Gasol
John Osaki Jr.::Derek Rose is injured for probably the rest of the year. But check out Rose's incredible skill set in the projected rankings of the 2013 book NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Steve Broome::Fire Lionel Hollins! Oh wait..  Also for all you thinking the next Lebron is in this coming draft and your team should tank, watch some NCAA games instead of relying on what ESPN is telling you.
Kenny Newhouse::How the Hell can this team let one of the worst teams in the east come into Memphis and win.... Chicago had ZERO wins against the West coming into tonight. Pathetic
Milap Mehta::The Bulls are not one of the worst teams in the East.  They struggled early since Butler missed significant time early, then Rose went out, and then Luol Deng and Hinrich got hurt.  They finally have a rotation and will finish with 45-47 wins.
Mark Ellzey::Milap Mehta That might be pushing it a bit.  I do think they'll make a playoff, but they don't have the depth they've had in recent years.  If they finish with 41 wins, they should consider that a success.
Denniz Rodman::Mark Ellzey I honestly don't see the "no depth" thing. with starters Noah, Boozer, Deng, Butler and Hinrich...from the bench they still have Taj, Dunleavy, Snell and now DJ. below compared their past bench mobs but I guess they'll do. I hope they could still sign another above average role player though.
Trevor Hennington::I think its about time Bulls games stop getting air time unless its on wgn.  Getting embarrassed nationally with all these televised games is getting old.
Milap Mehta::They just won.  You should not make these comments in the first quarter of games.
Denniz Rodman::embarrassed? how?
Landon Pike::I was gona say it early but illgo ahead now , I predict at least 2 dunks a game for (sweet james jones ),my nickname for James johnson. UGK FO LIFE
Shanny Salcedo::It's great to see the grizz get more national exposure...I just hope the grizz can reach and stay at .500 before gasol comes back and Conley really needs to pick up the scoring
Steve Carman::Augustin is such a scrub! this guy's career is over. Given a second chance and he's showing just how out of depth he is in this league!
Shawn Gardner::Apparently your the only idiot who doesn't know anything. He has been a solid pickup and has been playing pretty well. He's no Chris paul.
Reginald Anthony Foster::Gotta get Mike some help.........................Go Memphis
Landon Pike::Come On James Johnson, show Prince how its done in the M town Mane. haha  GO GRIZZ MEMPHIZ 10 MANE
Steve Carman::Conley.. tech free throw... BRICK! way to kill momentum ya dumb ni g
Steve Carman::No one wants to watch two teams who can't score! get off the tv you scrubs!
Kyle Raymer::I don't know about that.  The game has developed way too much offense and not enough defense.  Like the old days, we need more Defensive games, probably why the attendance rates for the NBA has dropped below Hockey and MLS soccer.  Just too much scoring.
Jason Aschenbrenner::Its not defense its two horrible offenses.
Steve Carman::Kyle Raymer i dont' think you can put the word offense and bulls together... or with memphis for that matter.. both CAN'T play offense.. that's why they need to get off the tv.. both pathetic!
John Taylor::zach randolph vs carlos boozer.  thats good competition
Adam Youman::Now THIS is what we have been waiting to see out of jimmy buckets
Silas Reyes::ROFL!!
Adam Youman::Silas Reyes yes i see where my comment was funny. thank you for pointing that out
Peter Krane::We need some of the Grit N Grind Grizzlies on D in this game.    Go Grizzlies!!
