rondu33::The term coach killer is applied to ball players in every sport, but is it right when the coach deserves to be fired? Stan VanGundy should have been fired for not starting Arenas in the playoffs, D'Antoni should have been fired for having a loaded team under perform &amp; trying to have Melo play like Ray Allen. Byron Scott should have been fired for not starting Mutombo in the Finals. Avery should have gotten fired for changing his lineup with the Mavs (when they were the #1 seed) and getting bumped by the Warriors. Lets face it, Avery ain't getting the job done.
OmniVersal::Utah Jazz won in the DWill trade
B..........::This is great for the city - Knicks and nets games cross town are great and when they matter are even better. Nets will be around at the end of the year - theres some good talent there.
The Gambler is back::When this team is at 100 percent full capacity they will be virtually unbeatable in a 7 game series. Their bench is too deep.
rondu33::....and there's no more FLOPPING!!!!!!!
alexhernandezh::The Knicks are built for the playoffs, and I have no doubt they'll definitely get passed the first round.  We'll just have to wait and see how far they can go.  If the Knicks truthfully show up, the Heat will not make it to the Finals.  Knicks are just too deep and Melo is just too hungry.
Kokriderz::"Who needs a bench anyways"  -Laker Fans
B..........::I agree - they are good and deep. Just have to wait and see on injuries.
Horry_has_more_rings_than_MJ::so far, THIS YEAR, the knicks have played like championship contenders. if you disagree...you either don't watch the games or are a hater.  FACT
IAMLEGEND_101::SHUMP OR MARSHON BROOKS WHICH GUARD HAS THE BRIGHTER FUTURE and WHO DO YOU THINK WILL BE BETTER?
rondu33::Damn, that's a good question. Have to agree with Horry_has_more, Brooks is a better offensive player right now, but I think Shump will close the gap. Don't think Brooks will ever be the defender Shump is though.
Horry_has_more_rings_than_MJ::i think shump has more upside. defense is harder to learn (because it's so instinctual).  so, because shump has the advantage there...that's my feeling. it really depends on their development and playing time.
mark35345::Despite the rush to crown Billy King A genius: 250 million is overpaying for an injury prone D Will, a past his prime JJ, and an inconsistent G Wallace. Just ask the Jazz, the Hawks and the Trail blazers respectively....no wonder the Nets aren't that good.
tresbone::Even as a Bulls fan, it is good to see the Kicks matter again. That said, is it me or does Brook Lopez play like he's sleepwalking?? Somebody needs to give him a Red Bull and Vodka before the game...
CLUTCHBALLERZ::nets and lakers should swap coaches
palsy360::Don't matter both teams suck
Explode321::still think the nets have a good team, that immediate chemistry they had was kind of an anomaly, itll take time for them but looking at the rest of the east, brookyln still looks like a solid team to me, avery needs to start doing a better job of getting these guys in the right roles...
palsy360::How the f did Avery Johnson beat out Woodson for Nov coach of the month
rondu33::Don't put that on Avery, Barkley, and the jerks at ESPN couldn't stand the fact the Knicks were better and FOOLED the gullible into thinking that.
DourSiesel::give avery some credit for making a joe johnson fronted 22-44 team look like a contender. he fooled all of the analysts.
TreC1983::who is the most important player outside of Melo?
tresbone::Kidd. Chandler second. Kidd is like James Naismith's ghost walking among us. Kidd plays like he invented the game...
strongisland06::Jason Kidd. Stats don't tell the whole story of what he means to this team.  Tyson Chandler is a good choice as well.
DourSiesel::Chandler
quillty::Ronnie Brewer.
Mop8593::TC
Foshiz Honkizel::I was on here yesterday claiming NYK might not be for real...d'oh.
palsy360::Is that u Charles barkley
palsy360::The nets dam sure not!
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::LOL...coming around?
FELIPE_RODZCRUZ::If the Nets keep loosing Avery Johnson will be fire soon you already heard Williams is frustrated the way the offense is run.
OmniVersal::And people b.itch about Howard getting rid of coaches lol. DWill is just bitter that he got rid of the best coach and system he'll ever have and that he ended up traded to the Nets lol
GoldRapala::I still think I'm watching espn classic at these Net-Knick games, but Rasheed and Jerry Stackhouse didn't play last night at least, and Camby is still out... I hope they keep it rolling!
SRQLivesForever::non-center defender, i should say
SRQLivesForever::shump is the best defender since scottie pippen
palsy360::He only played 1 season so ur claim is bs. He played 1 season &amp; got hurt 2 times . He have to play that intense over a period of yrs
vicmo25::LOL.............LMAO..........made my day
SRQLivesForever::what do you think the knicks strategy should be to stop jeremy lin?
SRQLivesForever::i know harden is the biggest threat, but lin always seems to play the knicks really well.  we need some sort of scheme to stop him.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::WAAAAYYY too much credit.
OmniVersal::I'm sorry but you're giving Lin too much credit. The main reason he was able to go off last time was because Melo being hurt changed our lineup. If Harden's shut down then Lin also becomes less of a factor.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::"Always"? They played 2 times and the 1st game he had 13 points 3 assists and 4 turnovers. Do you even watch these games?
wilmaso::shump will have harden on lockdown.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Won't see him again until next season, don't matter. And it's not him, it's Harden
OmniVersal::Oh I do know. If there's one thing that's a fact it's that the Rockets are not making it to the Finals this year.
sportsfan1014::I said "if", but you will ever know..
OmniVersal::The Rockets are not making the Final the West is too crowded. They need to worry about making the playoffs first.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::And somehow you believe Houston will make the Finals?
sportsfan1014::nope, you will see him again if both teams make the final
OmniVersal::It's not Lin they have to worry about it's Harden. Once we get Shump back that should help defending the perimeter.
sportsfan1014::Andray Blatche should be a starter for the Nets
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Agreed, Not as good a rebounder as Hump but better all around game
SEC4Life07::The Nets are the best team in Brooklyn, let's leave it at that.
SjGMEN77::Brooklyn is a borough of New York City. New York owns Brooklyn, so in general, the Knicks own NEW YORK CITY.
MRNYBOY2012::Nets=  overpayed hasbins= Joe johnson, Deron williams, Gerald wallace, Humpries= Mediocre team!
YanKs_KnicKs_JeTs::Chandler was the difference, he was unstoppable in the 2nd half
SEC4Life07::I don't about 'unstoppbale.  He's good, but he also took advantage of some massive defensive lapses by the Nets.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Could they stop him?????
SRQLivesForever::chandler is the best center in the league after howard
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::No Rebound Lopez and can't stay healthy Bynum?
rtbjr3000::Pass that Bro. Not even close...Brook Lopez, Andrew Bynum...There's others better than Chandler...Camby had almost the same numbers as Chandler last year and he's almost 40.
rtbjr3000::Unstoppable? I don't know about that, he had a nice game for a chance and about time. Chandler is OVER-RATED!
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::So, by your logic. "Good" players have a great game EVERY game huh? EVERY single game must be great or the player isn't good. Harden ONLY goes inside against the Knicks. OK we get it. I proved MY points. Did you?
rtbjr3000::Did you watch the Houston games? Did you see Houston points in the paint? Everyone got to the paint like Chandler wasn't even there...
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Yes, UNSTOPPABLE the SECOND half of the game he said. And maybe you don't watch the games but yes, Chandler has more than "a nice game for a change". Lastly, I think this is the DUMBEST, most overused word, that clearly people don't know what it means. How is Chandler "over-rated" Is he called a great scorer? No, Great shot blocker? No Great leader? Yes, Defensive presence? Yes. He is exactly what people rate him. Learn the definition. You have to OVER-rate someone, for them to be over-rated.
wilmaso::dude if you watch the game it's clear that melo is the star but the heart and soul of that team it's all chandler baby. I wouldn't say unstoppable, but he's not overrated, he's a defensive anchor of the knicks. also has the best field goal percentage, yes i know they are mostly dunks, put backs, and alley's but they are smart efficient points.
SRQLivesForever::i still don't understand how the knicks managed to lose to houston twice
OmniVersal::It would be a better matchup with Shump in the lineup since he could lock up one of their perimeter players.
wilmaso::it's just not a good match up , and that matters a lot, they can't guard them to fast paced, and they just play fast period, also gotta give credit to chandler parsons for looking like the second coming of larry bird lmao
OmniVersal::Well first game they came out with no energy and second game they came out with no energy the first half and were without Melo. I feel it would be a lot different in a 7 game series.
SRQLivesForever::do you think that means that houston would beat the knicks in a 7 game series? or did they just luck out these past two games?
rtbjr3000::It's simple, some teams get motivated against some teams.
tiesto281::ROCKETS - 2 KNICKS - 0
palsy360::The wizards beat Miami . They not going no where
OmniVersal::Eh it happens. Last year the Bucks had the Heat's number and we all saw how big of a threat they were to Miami by not making the playoffs lol
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::I thought it was Knicks 19-6 and Rockets 13-12.
SjGMEN77::Is Houston going to the playoffs?
agoods03again::And money can't make up for it Or conceal it But you deal with it And you keep ballin' Poor out some liquor Play ball and we keep ballin'
IAmMrHCruz::Wait wait wait... Who is the better team in NY??? Yeah exactly. Shut up! Nets should just go back to the swamp! NY is for the Knicks!
Enfinit01::I'm happy for the Knicks. The NBA needs them to be competitive just to balance things out in the universe. Sorry but I doubt that they will continue their success when Stat gets back. Melo is in the perfect roll and it's best for the team to keep doing what they are doing. Stat will only make them have to change what is giving them success and will mess with the chemistry. Just my opinion.
palsy360::That 2nd unit would be like another 1st unit
wilmaso::some one's a pessimist , look under woodson when both stat and melo start they are  8-2 , i don't' see why they cant work it out. STAT played trough injury last season, he's coming back 100 percent and is ready to kill.  get the whole coming off the bench tough, put him at the 5 and rasheed at the  4  novac at the 3 j.r at the 2 and kidd at the1 ....nice 2'nd unit.
agoods03again::Tha'ts why he's coming off the bench.
palsy360::Coach got this he not gonna let stat come back and f things up. He know how to work a rotation of talent
SRQLivesForever::rainmaker, why do you think the knicks lost to houston so far this season? where do you think the problem lies?
rainmaker2007::I think the Knicks match up better with the Heat than with the Rockets. But my gut tells me we'd beat the Rockets in an important series before we'd beat the Heat. I'm convinced the Knicks are better than the Nets because we don't even have our whole team on the floor yet.
palsy360::The Knicks r not better than the heat. Make no mistake about it
SRQLivesForever::i'm coming home, coming home
SRQLivesForever::just reminds me of when melo first came to the knicks  it's all coming to fruition now
agoods03again::Tell the world that I'm coming  home.
CubicleJoe::alvin lee?
BlazeandWillieGNYK::Knicks still run NYC!  Knickstape!!!  http://tinyurl.com/GoingtotheKnicksGame
i want bacon::quite typical..haters in hiding.
coljetsfan::LeBron knows the Knicks are a better team than Miami right now.  Two 20 point blow outs should tell anyone that.  You don't have to hit me in the face with skunk three times before I smell it...
oneshade::Too bad being better right now means absolutilutly NOTHING!!!
rainmaker2007::I'm a Knicks fan. I'm not going to pretend that we are BETTER team than the Miami Heat. The Yankees beat up on the Detroit Tigers during the regular season and you see where that got them. Beat the Heat in the playoffs and I'm convinced.
coljetsfan::Knicks / Lakers on Christmas w/ Nash back in the line up.  We'll see how much he has healed by then
ApookTheDestroyer::Nash/STAT reunion, assuming the Dr's allow it.
05832John::LeBron should go back to high school
agoods03again::WTH, where is everyone?
coljetsfan::And Woodson should get a look as Coach of the Year.  He has a 37-12 record since taking over in New York.  He's doing something right....
ApookTheDestroyer::That's reasonable.
coljetsfan::The Knicks are proving they can win without their full compliment of players.  Just wait til they get 100%.  Gonna be very tough to beat.  They still don't have Amare, Shumpert who is arguably one of the best shut down defenders in the league and Novack to come back and drill more threes.  The Knicks are the team to beat in the East, no doubts there.
agoods03again::Is @theBKgame still mad? He was rippin mad last night.
coljetsfan::The Knicks are the best team in the East.  Move over Miami.  Melo is MVP!
Awesomemetal123::Melo is probably the the best pure scorer in the nba, i say that because he probably has the biggest arsenal of offence such as he can post, drive, and shoot which makes  a very successful player
CubicleJoe::i kind of agree. i think durant shoots it better, but melo is stronger and can really mix it up inside and abuse smaller guys.  also seems to have a little better handle and goes to the rim with authority.  that first step is pretty quick.
agoods03again::Total domination
05832John::Yo Compadre
coljetsfan::Thats some funny stuff right there amigo..
05832John::New York is terrible, they got nothing on the Cavs
5165bobby::Linsantiy at it's finest
savetheplanet10021::i for one cannot wait until amare comes back, hoepfully he is 100percent and close to the amare of his first year with the knicks, if he is i say we can win the east over miami, if he is not, the lack of size down low will hurt us against good rebounding teams.
army of bono::I think JVG had it right.  Amare coming off the bench rotating in at 4 for Melo and 5 for Tyson is the best fit for the Knicks.   Pick and roll will be deadly throughout the game regardless of who is playing the 5.
shawnt92::19 pts, 5 rebs, 3 assists  guess who?
05832John::Metta World Peace
SjGMEN77::It's J.R. Swish.
shawnt92::the east might be weak  but the conference  is real tough and play hard
shawnt92::the bulls game will be a challenge.  lets go melo  need a strong game from brewer, Felton and Kidd
nba is the worst::Felton going up, and 'Melo slightly down in the bricks per game race: 1. Kobe 10.84 2. Monta 10.71 3. 'Melo 10.57 4. Westbrick 10.56 5. Jennings 10.16 (2 Bucks in the top 5 - lol) 6. Gay 9.87 7. Felton 9.76 8. Harden 9.67 9. Aldridge 9.63 10. Waiters 9.53
ApookTheDestroyer::Kobe and Melo are shooting over 47% from the field. Monta, Felton and Jennings are all under 40%.  Big difference.  Also, when did any missed shot become a 'brick'? Bricking used to be reserved for those really ugly shots that bolunced hard off the backboard and barely caught rim.
playtowinb::by george i think youve got it!!!!
army of bono::So those who take the most shots also miss the most shots?  How astounding.
savetheplanet10021::thanks for sharing that...not really
Jordan Wears Cargo Shorts::nba is the worst,   raise your hand if you want to type to me...
S184::Bulls da best knicks stink
Jordan Wears Cargo Shorts::jordan took care of the knicks in the 90s and stuck up NY people are still hurt cuz of it..NY still wont win anything..theyre just lucky for now in the regular season..
bigsxy1967::Jordan is gone. Get lost.
ApookTheDestroyer::Jordon stole the tag out of my underwear. THAT's why I'm still hurt.
nba is the worst::The other guy is right, it was the Bulls in 2 threepeats - but who "took care of the knicks" in '94 and '95?
Jordan Wears Cargo Shorts::knick and clipper fans are becoming worse than 2010 heat fans
Tinman1188::Yes-should all be quiet and weeping softly, apparently.
SRQLivesForever::so tired of the knick haters saying you need to go all the way to gain respect  in that case, why the $@%! does OKC get respect even if they haven't won the title?  so tired of haters finding excuses to trash the knicks. i say $@%! them.
oh2swapped::No it's just sad you have to live in the 90's to find happiness. Dont be upset Jordan is making a fool out of himself with the bobcats.
Jordan Wears Cargo Shorts::hahhah you all still hurt from decades ago??????????????????
oh2swapped::Welcome to the 2000's. This isnt the 90's anymore....Jordan's new age basketball IQ is on display in Charlotte....How's his team doing....oh wait.
Jordan Wears Cargo Shorts::jordan took care of the knicks 6 times in the 90s :)
ApookTheDestroyer::Bob Cousy and the Celtics OWNED the Knicks (and the rest of the league) 50 years ago. Let me know when MJ does something original.
Tinman1188::Yes  because the Bulls were dominant 18 years ago, knicks fans shouldn't say anything in 2012. Makes prefect sense
Jordan Wears Cargo Shorts::army of bono - The Bulls took care of the Knicks 6 times in the 90s. (fixed)  jordan took care of the knicks 6 times in the 90s.. (your auto correct is out of date)
army of bono::The Bulls took care of the Knicks 6 times in the 90s.  (fixed)
