Christian Parrish::Durant's game is garbage.  He just relies on the refs calling fouls so he can shoot 15 FT's a game.  It is really awful basketball to watch.
Ayn Bland::Only defense against Durant is the foul.  Perhaps that's why he spends so much time hitting free throws.  It's amazing how many dullards share your opinion.
Christian Parrish::Ayn Bland, if getting looked at or breathed on by his defender is a foul, then yes, he gets looked at and breathed on more than anyone else in the NBA.  I am sorry that the majority of us basketball fans find this awful basketball to watch.
Ayn Bland::Christian Parrish Why do you blame KD for being fouled?  The refs certainly don't favor the man, he was whistled for a tech FROM THE BENCH..  You're just not very bright.
Marcleen Bavogui::KD will break his back from carrying this team
Trevor Hennington::Its basically a one man team now.
Gary Wheatley::my god does Durant get more superstar calls one after another? ridiculous. how many free throw attemps has he had? probably well over 10 to 15
Marcleen Bavogui::Gary Wheatley i mean dude is getting superstars calls.. nothing u can do about it.  15fts by just throwing your hands up is crazy tho
Zach Batizy::10 FT's for Durant already lmao
Brandon Babbitt::Yeah it's stupid.  Breathe on him and it's a foul.
Ryan Hannigan::I love how ESPN's "Denver dispatches Thunder" recap has only one shot from the Nuggets...Thanks ESPN for the coverage. We all know you love Durant, but that's ridiculous.
Jacob Call::That's exactly how it was when the Jazz beat them a few days ago.  Didn't show Favors posterizing Durant, didn't even mention Hayward scoring the teams last 17 points.  Just showed Thunder highlights.
Tanya Rivera::Im predicting a  triple double from big perk  10 points 10 rebounds 10 assist in a thunder win
AJ Gee::That's the funniest thing I have ever heard. Perk couldn't get a triple double playing against blind dudes in a wheel chair, I love OKC, but we need to amnesty him, and pick up Bynum off waivers.
Alan Ogg::Im predicting you have been in the welfare and WIC line about 3 times this week.
Dan Kast::Has perkins ever even scored 10 points?
Shawn-Hlee Hawj::Nobody cares it's all Broncos baby...
Alex Naeff::Today is Thursday. The Broncos play on Sunday.
Kyle Obergfell::Nyobzoo you're correct..  Nobody cares about what you say fool... go away trolll.
Shawn-Hlee Hawj::Kyle Obergfell I'm a troll just look at this dead chat room... Knucklehead.
Steve Carman::HAHAHAHHa Some LOSER put 2k on Durrant to top score today.. he was celebrating early and guess what.. DURANT NO PLAY 4th QRT MEANS JAMES TOP SCORES WITH 32 POINTS!!!! Funny thing is James scored the last bucket on a meaningless possesion! LOSER DURANT BACKER SUCK IT!
Nathan Saint Ours::ESPN sucks. Here is a video of all Thunder highlights, in a game where they got destroyed.
Andrew Wickstrom::Us Denver fans should be used to that. This mornings Sports Center had no mention of this game at all.
Tommy May::Nuggets stomped these bums.  Durant can huck up 50 shots a game but it will won't matter...OKC is trash.
Ayn Bland::See ya in the playoffs?  That'll be fun.
Kaden Murdoch::MVP Durant will lead OKC to a win and when Russ gets back they will when the title!!!
Daniel Yost::because he gets superstar calls.  frail mofo.  Nuggets will still win.
Allen Gordon::Daniel Yost : I see the Durant haters are out in full-force today. Durant is good at drawing fouls, get over it.
Jeff Elkins::All the teams have to get their shots in on the thunder before westbrook comes back.
AJ Gee::Cuz when he comes back it's our first title baby!!! Should be back to back, last year was our year. I think KD and Russ going to go their seperate ways soon when their deals are up.
Jeff Elkins::AJ Gee I would be surprised if KD left.. Especially after opening that restaurant. Russ? maybe? Of course, if we win a title this year or next year they both stay.
AJ Gee::Jeff Elkins Hope so bro. I love OKC and I'm in Laker and Clipper country. KD is the MVP this year, I think it's his time for the next few years now.
James J. Johnson Jr.::If it wren't for KD this would be a pretty boring game
Mason Wesley Lloyd::Unless you're a fan of basketball... But hey, if you want to focus on the superstars, more power to you. Personally I just like how the game flows when a team plays like... well, a team.
James J. Johnson Jr.::Mason Wesley Lloyd your're right and as a fan I should be and I am enjoying the game.
Mason Wesley Lloyd::James J. Johnson Jr. I totally understand though. basketball is one of the few sports where an individual player can take over a game and I'll always have respect for that. Even if it's against "my" Nuggets, haha.
Steven Rivera::115-85 OKC  Denver is done stick a fork in them
Alan Ogg::done stick? wow... were did u learn grammer?
Cameron AndErica::Alan Ogg Wow, where did you learn your grammar at? You should have said Where not were.
Ayn Bland::Alan Ogg Grammar.
Mario Magnarini::Why does Fisher get any minutes at all?
Mason Wesley Lloyd::Good opening quarter for the Nuggets getting everyone involved offensively. Gotta stop breathing on Durant so he doesn't win the game from the foul line alone.  And keep posting up Mozgov! Their bench doesn't have the size to stop him, make them put one of their more talented bigs back in.  I think the Nuggets can pull this one out, they've made a game of the first two meetings and that was OKC with Westbrook who is by far the biggest Nugget killer on the Thunder.  GO NUGGETS!!!! As a side note, I've been impressed with Perry Jones III this season. Super athletic and that post move was pretty sick he had against Faried and Hickson.
Shawn Bento::yeah too bad Russ couldn't play.  I wanted him to block another one of the Nuggets mascot's half-court shots
Mason Wesley Lloyd::That was by far the biggest d-ck move in basketball history (that I've seen). I mean someone was going to get free Qdoba if he made that shot!!! The travesty man, the m-ther f-cking travesty.
Adam Youman::Mason Wesley Lloyd LOL that was the greatest thing ever
Yon Bevans::after being down by 24 and almost coming back brooks quits in the third that sucks whats next may be durant should just leave town this team with the players it has is going no where and that includes westbrook
Ryan Alan Heiser::they didn't get close to coming back
Rajko Dugandzic::Perfect chance for reconstruction OKC.Don't ned bee too smart manager OKC too trade Perk,Thabo,Derek,Thabeet plus money for Andrew Bynum.
Andrew Gnaneswaran::I like in a game where the Nuggets win by 13 points there was only one Nuggets highlight and maybe ten seconds talking about how they won. Come on ESPN, step your commentating up!
Eric Seagren::I'm glad I'm not the only one that noticed this
James Belandres::Ibaka - 24 mins, 8 pts, 10 rebs.  good thing sam presti chose to keep serge and get rid of harden. how would you ever replace production like that???
Shawn Bento::hate to say it but a Thunder blowout is probably the best thing for KD right now.  getting some much needed rest
Steve Carman::a guy backed durant to top score today 2k on it, he's FUMING NOW LOL!
Eddie Cruz::Wow.. Thunder are tumbling, Bento.
James Belandres::OKC outplayed, outcoached, outclassed all the time now.
Bobby Ward::Is it me or do all T N T games suck. These dudes couldnt hit water if they fell out of a boat
Julian Gutierrez::Denver wins tonight :) there happy to be home
Salvatore Nigro::Oklahoma city -4 1/2 2nd half lock it
Thomas Kelley::NOT
Steve Carman::i'm not sure why that's locked in, nuggers won 1st half when amkes you think they wouldn't win 2nd half! typical dumb gamblers mentality.. that's why you're a loser and im' a winner!
Patrick Foote::Fournier can ball wow.
