brothertin9394::This team is not as consistent as they should have been...It's a coaching problem....
rockus_2008::People are now on to McHale.  How did he ever get to coach?
nicks4691::Look at how he walks... Mchale is a frustrated f*g!
JLinNASA::How the hell do you lose to a team after you roast them 33 points three days ago?  What do you have against Lin, McHale?
william27836::what the $@%! is Mchale doing with Lin
brothertin9394::Maybe he is preparing himself to swap job with Dantoni next season....
ChuckCharlesCharlie::he's doign what he did last season: hating his pg
william27836::Rockets Screwing Themselves To Stay In The Playoff Picture
Skatingseveneleven::Rox 'd like to stay outside of the gate of playoff -&gt;4th time
FredPE1965::Can’t blame this one on Lin or Asik who had even less playing time, both from my perspective did well. A few times during close games, the ball fascinator with hot hands got benched resulted in loses. It would be ok if both Lin and Asik were benched but resulted in a Rockets win but time and time again that were not the case. Doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results is the definition of insanity according to Albert Einstein. I understand the coach had problems in the past with other point guards as well, so Lin may not be specifically targeted due to ethnicity. Rockets should have won this one giving the 103 to 136 blowout they had on Sunday. Lets hope they do better against Golden State on Friday. In any case, the next movie after the Sundance Linsanity: The Movie could be Benching Coach, Hidden Point Guard.
wrongcolor::McHale scr*ew himself royally this time.  He can get away with benching Lin, but BOTH Asik and Lin in the Fourth!?  Les and Morey got to be scratching their heads with this one.
dval08::Cant say this enough...BAD LOSS. BAAAAAAD LOSS!!!
maverick0426::Rockets' coaches are inexplicably bad and have single-handedly lost 10+ games this year with odd rotations. Why sit Asik and Lin all 4th quarter when they were playing well? This is the 3rd straight game Lin has not played in the 4th quarter. This despite Lin playing *great*. 50% shooting this past game, 21 points 9 assists the game prior in only 25 minutes, also completely abused Collison holding him to 7 total points with great defense. The coaching staff is EAGER to play ANYBODY else like Beverly who was a backup playing in Russia. McFail had one of the worst collapses last year and this year is making bonehead moves. Kelvin Sampson is the worst, he is their defensive coach and terrible at his job. He stole credit from Jim Boylan who was the Bucks defensive coach the past 4 years and recently promoted head coach. Boylan was the real defensive coach, Sampson is just a disgraced college joke with heavy p.rejudice against Jeremy Lin.
Dezagcooog::LOL
nbafanatic69::This is why i love coming to the Rox board after a Rox loss.  The Lin fans are going to complain about ANY bench time of their hero and blame the loss on that.  So predictable.  So butt-hurt.
setrue::You call it butt-hurt but benching Lin lead to a lost.  Even your hateful eyes can see it.
NAIA12::Another game where Dirk gets a 4th quarter T because he gets molested on one end of the floor.  On one end of the floor a Mav farts and Harden flails to the ground and gets a foul called...on the other end Dirk gets dry humped for 20 seconds and nothing is called.  NBA refs are an absolute joke.
NAIA12::Seeing 2 refs argue over who got to give Dirk the T made me laugh.
NAIA12::Couldn't tell in the 4th qtr.  Looked like WWE out there.
thegooddoc456::I hear you, the refs can be really biased with their foul calls, or maybe some players are just better at drawing fouls than others. I think it's the former.
thegooddoc456::Molested, farts, dry humped....was this an NBA game or some freak show?
nicholasduke23::Hahahaha. Thanks for the laugh man.
Jason Stone Lee::McHale does not care, Harden shooted 3/12, or 5/20 with 7 TOs, Beverly with 0 points, team loses. He focus his eyes only on Lin's play every nights: 1. Lin was playing excellent, bench Lin or Lin's point will be higher than Harden's. "Let Lin rest, let others to get more stats to beat Lin". 2. Lin was playing well, bench Lin or Lin will be better while Harden played bad. "TD or Beverly played well, they gave the ball to Harden all time, not like Lin, sometimes he want score by himself or assist others not only Harden". "Lin is young, still need study NBA, he will be better in 10years, sit on bench to watch and learn" My task is destoy Lin, McHale stressed.
thegooddoc456::I couldn't get past the "Harden shooted 3/12". My goodness, what is happening to our educational system in this country?  P.S. I'm not with the grammar police, but this is just unacceptable. We can do better.
Queen88022::Dantonie proved McFail is stup.d. McFail wants to prove he is not. Lin, you have to be the victim.
YaImFromCleveland::No Lin, No Win
setrue::McHale = Woodson Harden = Melo Lin on Rocket bench = Knicks pre Linsanity
netjunkie88::Harden earns his paycheck at the free-throw line. He can make last 5 minutes of a close game boring as hell - drive the lane, fall into the defender while tossing the ball toward the basket, shoot 2 free throws, repeat. If he could make a few field goals to add to those free throws he could average 58 points a game.
LEBRON-THE-HGH-USER-YOU-MAD::Like lejoke same style
antsai::Question: how do you limit someone's ppg?  Answer: by sticking McHale to them as their coach.
LEBRON-THE-HGH-USER-YOU-MAD::Lin is a overrated joke
dasun47::Just like your name - a big joke and idiot!
Queen88022::5 of 10 for Lin, 5 of 17 for Harden. Who is overrated?  You are a joke!
wilhenderso 6::Harden = smaller/not as fat Melo
luckywin7::we all know coach McFail and it was boring game without lin......... GREAT WIN DIRK!!!
ThunderHornz::A little different story than the last meeting for sure! Well done Mavs! Good luck and good health all!
DjangoTheHNIC::Wow, lotta angry Houstonians. Good game mavs, LETS GO!  Lin is the next Tebow.
dasun47::I like your name - sounds exactly like...well, an IDIOT
Dawan208::Lin can throw! :)
Dawan208::I often wondered why Shawn Marion was still on that Mavericks team,  but he showed me why last night.  He completely shut down James Harden and I only thought Lebrone could do that.He can play some defense.
Skatingseveneleven::yea agreed,Shawn Marion is a defense machine
andrewshu@gmail.com::Shawn Marion can shut down any player.
Queen88022::Lin, how could you do better than Harden last game. You have to sit this time.  - McFail
contactchingching@yahoo.com::Back to sunday's game against Dallas, Lin had 21 Pts 9 assist in mere 25 mins playing time. i have no problem Mchale to sit Lin on the bench with 6 mins left on the third quarter, so as the entire fourth quarter because the big lead by Houston. But why you still get Harden on the floor to make another 7 Pts to reach the 20 Pts mark, did you ever think about to get more rest for his injure knee or just want him to be the top scorer on the team every night? To be honest, i only care about the win instead of the individual effort. Try to be fair to other player, everybody are fought hard for this team, you should encourage the player instead of blaming them and more consistent with the starting player.
dasun47::I hate t say it but I sure would like to see Harden go down with an injured knee. What the heck, my fun watching him has dissipitated quite a lot since he joined the Rox anyway. I believe they can still win and into the playoffs. Even if Rox come up short for the playoffs, McHale can always point to the loss of Harden as the reason.   I want to see what he can do when his PG role is negated to just playing a 2-guard out in the wing. A wing guard can still do a lot of damage to opposing teams and it would certainly allow a smooth and desired flow to our offense. Th9s is not what Lin and his camp expected when signing with the team. It obviously negated his superior skills playing as PG to help Rox reach a higher level.I don't see McHale next year if the current state continues.
contactchingching@yahoo.com::I thought that Patrick was playing well. I thought they both (Beverley and Robinson) gave us good energy and that’s why I stayed with them. -Mchale after the game  if you need the energy guy just go to track team to find some people run really fast. i still don't see beverly play well on this game, it looks like he running hard and put pressure on the opponent team but if you look closely, he just like a fly without head hitting the wall all the time. i have no problem for him to stay in the game if he can provide some offense or organize the team. From what i see in the forth quarter, there is no team effort everybody just pass the ball to Harden to make one on one basketball. Mchale still doesn't want to admit his bad coaching and making a lot of excuses.  Mchale also stressed " We tried to get him to the rim and try to attack to see if he could get himself at least to the foul line. He’s our closer. He’s going to close by attacking normally. He’ll shoot shots but he likes to attack." We can't blame Harden because Mchale ask him to close the game out. Gambling to see if he can draw the foul all the time. Back to OkC game with Harden and LIn both on the floor, Harden unselfishly passing the ball out to his teammates and let Lin has chance to shot two important threes, that is the way to win the game. From Mchale speech, i can't see Houston's future, it waste by Lin, Asik and other teammates effort. He is just like gambling on the table for whom is got hot at the moment.  if you want to gamble all the way till the end of season, you won't secure the playoff spot for sure.
dasun47::Amen...just what most think of the present status of the Rox and its coach, McHale. It shouldn't come to a surprise...he's failed as a head coach. His own home state where he coached (Minn) fired his behind. His HOF stature can only last for so long. I think that extended welcome is about to reach its end in Houston.
Dawan208::Lin just needs to start playing more agressive!   Try getting his points and stop trying to dish the ball off to teammates.  He has to work on getting his ppg up in spite of coach Mchale.  Just play your  game and forget what the coaches tell him.  This is becoming a pattern of being benched every game!
dasun47::If your coaches don't give you the green light to do everything you've mentioned, then it's not going to happen. Lin is your perrenial good guy, teammate, and loyalist to the team and organization who will do whatever he's asked to do. He'll pick the right time to address any bad issues that pertains to the team's play and his role. Trust me, he's not stupid. Issues will be resolved (i.e., firing curent coaching staff and hiring a new staff more conducive to team's needs, change Lin's role to reflect his strengths and reason why he was brought in in the first place, etc.).
wilhenderso 6::LOL all the more for McFail to bench Lin in the second half.
JLinNASA::There is a Bleacher Report tilted 'Jeremy Lin must take advantage of weaker opponents to help Rockets make playoff push'   How the HELL are you going to help any team being bench the second half of the game.   Thanks, mcHale,
JLinNASA::By the way, Rockets don't make playoff.  It's Lin's fault.  McHale
lomahtw::a display of bad coaching, what worse. is not just a loss but similar bad coaching happened again and again so far this season.  it has  no sign of stopping yet.  for whatever reason, if the rockets screw up their playoff chance in the end, Mchale will have to go.
dasun47::He should go no matter what.
wrongcolor::Enough Rockets fans!  Cut Mchale some slack. Poor guy suffers from Mad Cow disease, ever since his daughter passed away.
hillbillymokes::All going according to plan.  Slowly but surely, I'm going to erase Lin from the rotation and start Aaron Brooks with Beverley as backup.  Playoffs?  No.  But at least Lin wont be playing!  -  McHale
ocho stinko73::With McHale's coaching he's going to have his starters rooting against the bench. Asik has to root hope TRob plays bad so he can get back in the game. Lin has to hope Beverly plays bad also so he can play too. This kind of coaching creates bad tension amongst teammates. Role players are supposed to provide a spark, not play the whole game.
NAHMEANSON2::MCHALE WAS A GREAT PLAYER.  THOUGH I LIKED THE LAKERS IN THE '80s I RESPECTED HIS GAME.  AS A COACH HOWEVER, THE JURY IS STILL OUT.   HIS SUBSTITUTION PATTERNS ARE PREDICTABLE and his ADJUSTMENTS are OFTEN ineffectual.  WHEN THE ROCKETS WIN, IT FEELS LIKE THEY WIN in spite OF HIM.  AND WHEN THEY LOSE, IT FEELS like THEY lose BECAUSE of him.
sportsfan1014::coach McDumb failed again, hopeful he becomes McGone next year..
Dezagcooog::"My dad left us when before I was born.  I don't have a father figure.  I think I'll go on ESPN message boards to drown my sorrow."    - LetsGoMavs 6.0 as tears roll down
Denzel7587::God, please save the Rockets from being eliminated this season. Amen. Finally, bowing out. God bless you, Rockets!!!
Dezagcooog::"People insult me on the internet.  I really really hate it!"  - LetsGoMavs 6.0 as he proceeds to cry
Denzel7587::Early in the 3rd quarter, I said i was taking bets McHale would bench Lin for the entire fourth quarter. Some Lin and Rockets fans said: No, way! Sadly, my prediction, which is based on inference from McHale's repeated actions toward Lin, came true. Sadly, the Rockets lost, too.
dasun47::For those of us, Lin fans or simply general Rox fans, who keeps up with the Rox, McHale has repeatedly do the same personnel moves during games. It's so laughable as anyone can predict what's going to happen, most of which (and sadly) affects Lin and ultimately the team's demise at the end of the game. I just wonder how a team GM and owner can endure watching its head coach manage the team. Do both owner, GM, and coaching staff agree with the same team philosophy?
LetsGoMavs 6.0::I feel bad for real Houston fans. They have to deal with Lin fans that only talk about how Lin doesn't get much playing time. I would be pissed of if we had Lin as a Mavs fan. No real basketball discussions with these Lin fans.
Bulls Bears Cubs::YOu are a Mavs fan, why do you care if Rockets have Lin or not.  You racist.
m_gunners::and you talk real basketball?...give me a break!!! U know nuts about the game but you sure know how to irritate everyone else...give you credit for that!
NAHMEANSON2::LOL. IRONY. THIS POST WAS  A TRUE BASKETBALL discussion
RUserious-2::It's nice of us to let you Houston fans post on our blogs, but your discussions are confusing me.  Don't get too involved with your team's personal issues.  You're only visitors here.
NAHMEANSON2::LOL..."JUST allowing YOU GUYS".....HEAD TOO big TO fit
RUserious-2::We need something to brag about this season.
RUserious-2::I don't understand either why there isn't an ESPN Houston.
NAHMEANSON2::SERIOUSLY THOUGH...DALLAS HAS HAD IT'S RUN...DIRK AND CUBAN WITH   THEIR RINGS...TIME TO REBUILD WITH YOUTH....
NAHMEANSON2::YOUR BLOG????? YOU'RE NAMED ESPN?????
RUserious-2::No, I get it.  This story was also on the ESPN main page, but it is really a Dallas ESPN story so we're just allowing you guys to use our site to vent, but don't get too carried away.
Denzel7587::I don't believe the fiction that there are Lin Only Fans (LOF). There are Lin Fans (LF) who are also Rockets fans (RF). On the other hand, I believe that Lin Only Haters (LOH) really exist.
NAHMEANSON2::LOOK DENZEL, DON'T BUY INTO DEROGATORY CODE WORDS DUMBA$$$e$ COME UP WITH.   IT ONLY FEEDs INTO THEIR WARPED SENSE OF power.
Dezagcooog::Kevin McHale = LOH
Denzel7587::Looks like you've spotted the president of the LOH club.
TitanGM::"Lakers won? Lin's fault" - McHale "Carmelo injured? Lin's fault" - McHale "Harden 5-17 shooting? Lin's fault" - McHale "The buttfumble? Lin's fault" - McHale ".........Lin's fault" - McHale ".........Lin's fault" - McHale ".........Lin's fault" - McHale ".........Lin's fault" - McHale ".........Lin's fault" - McHale
LetsGoMavs 6.0::Mavs need to draft Trey Burke. They have a great shot at getting him with the 12th pick in the draft  http://espn.go.com/mens-college-basketball/player/_/id/56670/trey-burke
RUserious-2::I'm not sure that the Mavs know what to do with draft picks.  Pop is the best at developing draft picks even when they're not high draft picks.  Who has Dallas developed?
RUserious-2::True, but they'd better know what to do with it and Carlisle had better play him enough for him to get experience.
LetsGoMavs 6.0::well Mavs have not had a lottery pick since they drafted Dirk. About time we get one
RUserious-2::Sounds good!  Good stats.
LetsGoMavs 6.0::https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hSIPkQCNFng  latest higlights
Denzel7587::Who cares!
lyang912::Houston needs to figure out how to defend opposing team's SG, SF and PF better, just look at tonight's box scores for Mavs in those positions. We didn't lose game getting burned at PG or C position.
SkinsCapsOsMavsTerps::Look at the Mavs PG and C position...
Denzel7587::Harden is an excellent player and scorer. But he does not give so much lift to other Rockets like Lin. Watch the fourth quarter when Harden sat. Beaverly's 4 assists shoot up to 7, Parsons's 15 points to 21 in less than two minutes. When Harden went back playing the team's PG, Beaverly's 7 assists stagnated. Parsons only managed to score an addition 2 points. Lin gets other Rockets involved, making them more competitive and even dominant against other teams. That is why be cautious when you see Harden's assists going up: it means he's playing PG again and making the ball so sticky. I bet the Rockets could have won this game if Beaverly was allowed to play his PG role and Parsons was given more opportunities to contribute to the team.
dasun47::Now you get an idea why Lin's stats can be negated by the play of Harden. But coaches gives their blessing to Harden to do what he wants. There;s been quite of few games where Lin stats read 12pts/7assists at the end of the first half only to have little increase in the second half. In almost all cases, games were close, pushing the ball upcourt and p&amp;r practically stopped, players often stood still outside the arc, all the while Harden is given green light for isolation plays (everyone's favorite offensive play...yeah right!) Harden can't close out games on 1-1 iso like McHale is led to believe. He hasn't figured its a team game and that guys like Lin has proven himself in close games.
m_gunners::there was an early fast break 2 vs 1 (harden/Lin vs Mavs defender) and instead of passing to a surging Lin,Harden drove away and got nothing..that moment i posted selfish...now that i see it again,it was bad!! Harden don't give a rats a s  s about others...
RUserious-2::Sounds like Carmelo Anthony.  Egotistical  me, my, mine players. They hurt teams every time.  Harden is only 23 and at 23 that much money and attention is going to his head.  He'll calm down in a few years after losing in the playoffs a few times.
TitanGM::"I don't always bench, but when I do I do it for a full quarter"  - McHale
NAHMEANSON2::QUARTER AND A HALF
woopzzzz::then you should try benching yourself sometime
pogi_mavs::Center = B. James Power Forward = Nowitzki Shooting Forward = Marion Shooting Guard = Mayo Point Guard = M. James  Bench player need to use Brand, Wright, Carter, Crowder, Morrow, Collison....
