Shane::I love seeing the Bulls in a rhythm and Rose still having confidence in his shot and getting a feel for a physical game, even going without a turnover so far. He went through a heck of a rough patch so far, but this is a great start to breaking through that slump. Noah is showing he is one of the best passers at Center, and everybody is playing solid team defense. Very happy with Deng especially, but I would much rather him not being out on the floor for 32 minutes already. Glad to see the Bulls play like this again!
Sarah::Pacers need to cut Solomon Hills minutes back and keep playing Copeland more. Hill looks way too nervous out there, rushes it every time he touches the ball, plus they need more scoring off the bench when the starters come out. I'm guessing though when Granger comes back then Hill probably wont be seeing to much action. Also, the streak was bound to end soon. The Bulls are tough at home, they get to the line more than any team in the league cause they attack. Either way, 9-1 is way more than I expected for us coming into the season so I'm happy with what I've seen so far, just a tough game tonight, hard to win when you shoot sub 35% in the first half. On to the next one Pacers!
George::it seems to me that the bulls are more fluent when rose and hinrich are on the floor together I like butler very much but like rondo and the celts the rest of the team  stands around when rose has the ball waiting for him to make a move butler as 6th man.
Roy::I hope Chicago does not let up. I want this to be a beat down just so Indiana gets it.
Roy::For me D Rose most impressive stat was 0 Turnovers. I want to see more of that.
schmoe::Stephenson could score 2 points or 32 points on any given night and neither would be surprising.
Independent::Every undefeated generally falls hard, especially when facing division rivals.  I'm expecting the same out of the Chiefs come this Sunday, who I kind of like (alongside the Colts and Rams), but expect to see fall hard against Denver.  It's the games that follow that will show our character.  One hard loss doesn't mean a thing.  I'm sure the Bulls have been or will be routed in the near future.  We're not unstoppable or even rout-proof.  That's a given.
gary strong::I said it before that they will be lucky to hit 65 wins without a healthy Granger. They need a 1-2 scoring punch. They have capable scorers but they need more offensive fire power to break 65+ wins this season. Either that or another prime time defensive stopper like an Avery Bradley. :)
Jules::It's nice to see coach Thibs is managing his players' minutes against a tough team.
svb::Finally three pointers started to go in. With spacing, Bulls really looked good. Deng is as always - the real team MVP. Rose finally had good game. Did Kirk lose five years?  If that would continue, we have contender in Chicago!
