Christopher Butler::If the pels could only get everyone healthy at the same time they would be a dangerous team who could go on a serious run but it always seems we have one of your key players out for every game.
David J. Kemper::My 1st attendance at a Wolves game since the Garnett days. Tom Hanneman came into my workplace today. Coincidence?
Anthony Wing::go wolves.
John Osaki Jr.::Another great game by Ricky Rubio! At 23 years old, if Rubio can 'gradually' improve his shooting like he did tonight, he has chance to be a Superstar in this league! I know you guys all loves these plugs so check out his "potential greatness" in Dominique Wilkins and Pete Maravich's chapter in the latest book NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Anthony Wing::star maybe. superstar is pushing it. love, kobe, shaq, lebron, those are superstars.
Anthony Wing::even love is pushing that list
Graham Strouse::Anthony Wing Love is a legit top 5-7 player in the NBA right now. That's high enough to call him a superstar. His mid-range game needs some work & his defense is so-so but he's outstanding at almost everything else and the best rebounder in the league.
Vikes Nation::Wolves need some shot blocking and another perimeter defender, should kept chris johnson
Anthony Joseph Ziegler::You have a game with Aminu and Davis and Love and Ricky Rubio leads the way in rebounds. Kind of funny.
Sam Nuku::Minnesota let's go. Love for MVP! @matrixsportsinvesting
Wild Silverback::Blowout.. The T-Wolves win by 20= now.. They roll at home.
Wild Silverback::20+ i meant..
Wild Silverback::T Wolves will win by 14 or more.. easy $$$$$$$$$$
Jeffrey Reed::Go Wolves! :)
Anthony Wing::game 7 nba finals. triple team k love outlet to pek......swish.  nice sound on that net pek. nice game. thanks wolves. thanks rick. gimme some woodford reserve and pilsner urquell. ahh the dream.+..............love dont leave yet. the weakness does not run in your bloodline. you control your own destiny. get mean, but serious and simple. like sanjuro. wake the beast and he gets crabby.  be the underdog. never give in. let them guess. they will know when you prevail. go wolves
Jared Keen::I could see Dieng becoming a decent center in the league if given decent minutes. Hes averaging 5.5mins but getting near 2 rbs and a block in the time, obviously it wont translate to 36mins per game accurately but 10pt/10rb/2-3bpg sounds feasible, and he moves quick up court in transition.
Anthony Wing::he gets fouls like theres no tomorrow. pek was in that situation once. give it time.
Steven C Niska::He could at least be a valuable bench player. A big man who can defend the rim well will always be an asset.
Anthony Wing::Steven C Niska agreed.
Jared Keen::Good PF matchup tonight, between what in my opinion is the best 2 PF's now in the league. Love is the best offensive PF and rebounded, Davis has amazing blocks/steals and overall numbers. Will be interesting to see how well he handles Love for the game.
Jackson Lloyd::Haha, Davis not even top 5...
Brandon Tigues::how can a team with so much talent be so bad? NO needs a better coach, there's no reason why this team should be below 500 with davis..anderson..gordon..evans and holiday.
Anthony Wing::injuries, schedule, age, management. west is very competetive, im guessing you are young. be patient in the west. and be very good, and lucky. its the best conference in the world
Brandon Tigues::Anthony Wing lol it isn't that tough in the west, the timberwolves don't have as much talent as NO does and they're 500, Injuries is one thing but age and schedule shouldn't be an excuse, evans been in the league for 4 years now..holiday been in the league for 4 years also..and Anderson's been around for a min now...and Gordon's been in the league for 5 years, davis is the youngest out of those 5 and he's been playing the best so far so, it's the coaching.
Anthony Wing::Brandon Tigues i love gordon. always been hurt though. i hear ya. we are 500. barely. im a wolves fan. the 5 times we were 500 and tried to go over we lost. it really is a tough conference. warriors could win it all. wolves could. blazers. thunder. spurs. im serious. its a tough class. you do need a better coach though my bad........youre right. but thats not the only reason we are 500 and you arent. good luck
Fjodor Balla::Love playing 35 mins in a blowout lmao..thats why this guy has never played a playoff game..he's too obsessed with padding his stat sheets rather than wins.
Tony Robbins::He was kept in the game by Adelman to keep a scorer on the floor to insure the win. The Pelicans whittled the lead from 30 to 12 as it was.
Anthony Wing::not the norm. you come to conclusions rather fast.
Shaun Dittel::You think 21 points and 6 rebounds is "padding" stats?? Love is one of the elite players of the league who doesn't get enough credit for what he does. Get your facts stright before you say stupid crap like that....
Jay Weisser::why doesn't Adelman play Shabazz & Dieng in blowouts like this. Cunningham, shved & the others are pathetic against good teams. Not a big Adelman fan.
Jared Keen::I can understand Rubio staying in, but drop JJ and Martin and put in Shabazz, Hummel and let Pek rest and give Dieng the last minutes. That shouldve been the lineup from about the 8-9 mark.
Anthony Wing::Jared Keen cant  test how they will gel with the starters when the starters are all on the bench
Graham Strouse::If Rubio could convert at the bucket and shoot decently from mid-range on a consistent basis he would be an all-star.
Anthony Wing::if.
Anthony Wing::dont be greedy. he still in the nba. hes still a starter. hes healthy. he defends. hes young. no ifs there.
Marcleen Bavogui::play good against the blazers at home ad then go on the road and get manhandle by the wolves great job pelicans
Anthony Wing::we were mad from dallas game. we are inconsistent, but wolves can be very dangerous when they are hitting.
Kenneth Grooms::Can they cut Stiemsna NOW ? four minutes 3 turnovers and 2 fouls and all around  a completely loss soul.
Anthony Wing::we did---well kinda
Jarrod Mauren::Big game for Wolves, need to put the last game and no call in the rear view mirror and win this game.
Anthony Wing::dallas was a bigger game. okc is bigger even without westy. ill take the win though
Casey McPartlan::What we've learned so far: Kevin Martin can't finish with his left.
Anthony Wing::finish better than any sg the wolves have had for a long time my friend. thats a plus, not a defeciency. kmart is much needed and much appreciated.
Casey McPartlan::Anthony Wing I agree, just really annoying this team has had such a hard time finishing at the rim this year.  Glad we have him though.
Nate Stein::nice to see Shved get some minutes tonight. Kid has tons of potential
Anthony Wing::so do all young kids in the nba. we need more from him though.
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Do the Suns still want Eric Gordon? Worst max contract in the league.
Jared Keen::Wolves bench has already outscored last games bench!
Anthony Wing::that was a given before the game started
SrPastor UnAnointed::PELICAN NATION!! FLOCK UP!! SHOW DESE WOLVES HOW WE DO THANGS DOWN SOUTH!! LETS GET DIS BREAD!!
Anthony Wing::nation? more like seasonal breeze.
Luke Zacharias::What if the Wolves made a trade for the Nets' Deron Williams? He could be a more serviceable backup to Rubio.
Jackson Lloyd::how in the world would we afford that contract?
Matthew Adam Lee::We would have to trade rubio for him. I wish we traded rubio and a couple seconds for jrue.
Anthony Wing::i would accept it. but rubio would would be traded im sure
