Fendretti4::Once again, the Hawks are over rated. They have 2 good wins this year, but their record is a product of a poor schedule thus far. They will make the playoffs bc there are only 4-5 good teams in the east but they won't make it out of the 1st round again
germania29::Give John Jenkins more PT!!
DanHalen880::agreed. why not get the dude in there to get comfortable?  this is the perfect type of season to get him some playing time.   i'll be shocked if we get out of the first round this year.
ericnation103::Hawks fan here ... they're a good but not great team ... Josh is very good but not great ... Al would be a beast on a contender ... Love Lou, Devon, DeShawn, and Teague ... and Za Za can be beast on the boards ... but it just doesn't amount to much ...
Fendretti4::Josh Smith is not that good...selfish player
outlawjoseywhales1981::The Hawks are the same old joke as always.
onthemic79.2::And the Hawks strike again...  I've followed this franchise for years, and it's always the same song and dance.  Wow.
DanHalen880::since 1978 for me. you're correct. hard to watch.  however, this year they get a pass. they're playing better with less and danny ferry cleaned house. you're watching the fill-in guys until free agency. next year and beyond is the end game
Lemuel7043::Al Horford is good. But for a PF/C, he doesn't have a post game.
shotrunna::btw... Miami isn't winning this year... :(
shotrunna::All I know is... Miami won't win this year :(
LeBron James is the best ever.::<b> Name one team better than Miami? OKC? Maybe but again LeBron will expose Durant as a weakling that he is. Great player but LeBron dominates him. </b>
DanHalen880::i'll name two:  Clippers Thunder  no doubt
LeBron James is the best ever.::Yes they are.
shotrunna::I think 76ers doing fine without Bynum lol... might actually  hurt the team if he comes back
potato623::No way haha, our Centers are just awful, reason why we are what we are right now.
ganggreengaingreen_oww::bynum 'vows' a return within 1-2 months... lets go.
RZA_CONSOLE::JRUE&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;any ATL gaurd
shotrunna::um... he's got good players around him... that's why he'd left Cavs.... Jordan made everyone a STAR
Lemuel7043::Chicago is catching up on us in the 3rd place. we are getting closer to reality
LeBron James is the best ever.::<b> Michael Jordan was 28 when he won his first Championship LeBron was 27 when he won his first.  LeBron will win it this year as well as next year as well as the following and the year after and the year after that and the year after that as well as the year after that. </b>
Fendretti4::Lebron might win 2 but thats it. Jordan won his first championship at 19 moron. Jordan is way better than Lebron and its not even close. Jordan won championships with no name guys and helped make them household names. Are any of them in the Hall of Fame? Nope. Lebron, like Kobe, couldn't do it on his own. He had to go to "South Beach" to win one with the help of 2 other top NBA players. Get your head outta your @ss and realize that Jordan will always be the best ever
Mumu8833::Pippen and Rodman are both in the HOF.  Jordan is still better than LBJ though.  Plus Rodman wasn't on the team for the first 3.  They had an old Horace Grant.
LeBron James is the best ever.::If your wondering that will put LeBron at 7.
just let your soul glow::Proud to see Southwest Philly's own and former Sixer coach(Jimmy Lynam)doing the Sixers post game.
shotrunna::Lemuel.. it's the coach.. it's rigged they were bound to lose today
shotrunna::It involves $$$ all Sports are now rigged... Sadly to say :(
CoreyGallagherArt::team is 15-9, NBA is rigged
Lemuel7043::Hawks did you guys notice that Jeff Teague isn't as aggressive as he was early in the season? Not sure if it's him or the coach.
RZA_CONSOLE::do the sixer fans get big macs if they score 100 and still lose?    w.t,f am i talkng about its a big mac
potato623::Yeah
CoreyGallagherArt::don't believe so
CoreyGallagherArt::Was not aware, lol, not a huge fan of that
potato623::No we do haha, Adam Aaron tweeted it the other day
shotrunna::Michael Jordan was... U don't recognize Talent
shotrunna::btw.. change your name... Lebron isn't the best ever
Fendretti4::there's no comparison. Michael Jordan is the greatest player ever. Kids now a days are too young to have really watched Jordan in his prime. All they see is Lebron. While Lebron is good, he's no Jordan, nor will he ever be
mayak70::Jordan did it in less nba seasons, the age is irrelevant. 84-91including a missed season with a broken foot before that first ring.Lebron 03-12, with two nba finals defeats.
shotrunna::Lebron is too STIFF not Flexible like Jordan or any other players... TOO STIFF
LeBron James is the best ever.::<b> LeBron James has accomplished more at the same age than Jordan. </b>
LeBron James is the best ever.::<b> There's a reply button. </b>
potato623::He's gonna be
shotrunna::McElroy will do DAMAGE
LeBron James is the best ever.::<b> Dwight Howard and Jrue Holliday 2013-2014 </b>
CoreyGallagherArt::Bynum and Holiday would be enough for me
RZA_CONSOLE::TEABOW should start
Lemuel7043::How long was the Clippers losing streak? I need to feel better lol
shotrunna::Lac - 13.5, + under 201... GS -10.5 + under 205
SportsFan9741::Embarrassing loss, absolutely embarrassing
shotrunna::HAWKS got SPANKED
potato623::Hey, we been there haha, we needed this onemore then you guys believe us!
potato623::Need this Nets win Sunday, then we got a 6 game west road trip
LeBron James is the best ever.::<b> 2014 LeBron James and the Sixers </b>
shotrunna::4 Teamer coming up folks....
Lemuel7043::so Iggy stunted ET and Holiday's game? I'm confused.
potato623::They were too much a like to co-exist
potato623::Pretty much, Iggy controlled the ball too much, ET needs the ball to create.
CoreyGallagherArt::Yes, Iggy was the point forward for us and took touches away from the younger guys, now Holiday and Turner control the ball and they're best with it in their hands, both play makers
potato623::C'mon Bucks
shotrunna::TEBOW ROCKS
LeBron James is the best ever.::But seriously lets' trade for Tebow.
picaac15::I FOUND OUT HOW TO BEAT THE KNICKS   GUARD THE 3 POINT LINE
just let your soul glow::I was gonna say GG Hawks fans but your team stunk it up in the 2nd half(LOL).
RZA_CONSOLE::LOL
Lemuel7043::LOLOL NYK getting owned.
shotrunna::SCREW THE BIGMACS
Sh4k4zulu::STILL GOT FREE BIGMACS HAHA
picaac15::Chill guys- They still got Big Macs   It was just announced at the stadium even though they scored 99
RZA_CONSOLE::santa does exist!
CoreyGallagherArt::I do like this new ownership, doing their best to make the Sixers relevant in Philly again
RZA_CONSOLE::doug collins' weight loss program
Sh4k4zulu::all had to do was walk up and get a nice dunk for the fans haha
Lemuel7043::2 max contract next season. I hope they don't "overpay" this time
LeBron James is the best ever.::What the hell am I gonna eat when I am high tonight!?
potato623::Damn Doug, I'm hungry!!
ganggreengaingreen_oww::HAHAHAHHA good show, good man turner
Sh4k4zulu::we should buy big macs and throw them at turner serves him right
just let your soul glow::You mean at coach Collins
LeBron James is the best ever.::<b> GOOD GAME LET'S GO EAT! </b>
shotrunna::that rymed lol... Hawks Sucks
RZA_CONSOLE::fat a sses - no big macs for you
Sh4k4zulu::booooooooooooooooooooooooo no food wtf
shotrunna::HAWKS SUCKS
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::Profile created: December 21, 2012.  Lol.
