XstreamINsanity::The Piston's aren't a "joke" franchise.  There have just been bad decisions and incidents the last three seasons.  Three years ago, tried thinking in terms of the future and moved Billups so Stuckey could start. Bad move (but had the potential to be a great move).  Three years ago Curry was a first time NBA Head Coach, didn't do great and clashed with fans.  Bad move.  Two years ago we signed two "high" profile free agents, and one of them had to compete with Rip for minutes.  Bad move that had great potential.  Two years ago we had another first time NBA Head Coach who we gave a two year chance.  BAD MOVE (no need to explain details there).  Two years ago we had three-four of our starters with major injuries during the year, some players with their first major injuries of their careers.  Last year our second year coach clashed with the players and discontent from the two losing seasons before that was settling in.  However, this year, it's a different story, but we're still very barely an 8th seed team.  New coach (semi-proven), BG gets more minutes, we still need a Center, Stuckey is looking consistent, Knight is looking good, Monroe and Jonas are looking like double-doubles every night, Villanueva and Daye are sitting, Tayshaun is hampered but still "performing", Maxiell and Wallace bring in energy when needed, and it looks like they are finally having fun, caring about playing the game more (rather than pad stats) and it looks like their defense is picking up some.  I don't put too much stock into these two wins because both were against teams who played the night before and then traveled, but even still, it's looking better.  As far as the attendance, that's a combination of the lockout's affects and three straight losing seasons and the economy in Detroit.  HOPEFULLY, a few of those can change soon.
auzzy831::Lockout isn't a good excuse when attendance is the same or up for most NBA teams.
Detroitriley::wow the magic suck if they cant beat detroit were rebuilding
Magicmike321::Can't win every game.  Regular season means nothing anyways.  Enjoy your meaningless victory
CheerstoLilWayne::UMAD?
auzzy831::Wow. Another awful attendance mark, 8,120, my god, this team is setting new lows in attendance right now.
derekbamafan09::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NbqCG3KpH_E
WoodwardAvenueDetroit::8,000 looked more like 800. It is getting pretty bad.
sportoholic21::Watching the replay right now and you know its bad when most of the VIP seats are empty! This and Sat. were the two worst games ive seen for attendance in recent memory...imagine when we get a snow storm and we're playing Minnesota or some $@%!$@ other team!
CheerstoLilWayne::no, they're not.
TubbyTime334::Wolves are good. Rubio.
YoungstunnaEday::Will Jonas Jerebko continue to get 30 plus mintues a game?
derekbamafan09::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NbqCG3KpH_E
P.C..::Pistons still my team on the low (now). just gotta practice a lil harder !  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejrAa9vUiXc&amp;feature=plcp&amp;context=C34c5013UDOEgsToPDskKA1hm8MrBjD1nxzCSZ8iaY
derekbamafan09::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NbqCG3KpH_E
DTangMF::They just need a decent Center they be back on track... Stucky, Gorden, Monroe, Tysuan, Maxiel, Ben, WBynum...looks good to me.
YoungstunnaEday::what about jonas? You must be black
chubby rain::I can't wait to the Bulls play the stinking Pistons, they will win by 50. And before u say What? Ask the Grizzlies.
trizzo23::play them on 4 th game in 5 nights all diff citys...with new years eve in between and travel from 1200 miles the night before..and them have night off before at home.cow fans
derekbamafan09::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NbqCG3KpH_E
Envy II::Congratulations. You beat ONE team by 50 or so points. All of the teams in the league are aware of it, won't happen kid.
jeterjones05::good thing i started BG8 tonight
YoungstunnaEday::was charlie v elgible to play or is he injured or is he not in the rotation right now?
derekbamafan09::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NbqCG3KpH_E
YoungstunnaEday::Do you think Frank will continue to give jonas 30+ minutes a game?
baseballerocho::I'm pretty sure he's able to play..Frank just doesn't play him.  I say trade him, we don't need him to win.  Try to get a decent big man for him...which I don't see happening.
CosmoKramer1444::For some reason I see Otis Smith or KHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN accepting his contract in a deal.
bsmithsonian::I'm pretty sure he has a "slight" injury.  Not 100% sure if he was able to play or not.
Envy II::Can the Magic fans stop making up excuses of why they lost? I understand the Palace was not full because nobody wants to watch a team that has been in the lottery the last couple of years. To the $@%!$@%! Magic fans, the Pistons are the better franchise. Stop smoking.
derekbamafan09::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NbqCG3KpH_E
DTangMF::They WERE the better franchise...JUST NOT NOW~
detroit_david::They're still the better franchise. 3 championships &gt; 0. Just saying.
chubby rain::It's just the beginning for the Magic, because this is NOT a very good basketball team, and u can't mix crap with peaches and think you are gonna get a good dessert. They need to just trade Howard right now while they can still get something good for him.
derekbamafan09::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NbqCG3KpH_E
DTangMF::Wait...which team were u talking about in the first sentence? and did DWill tell you he's going back to Dallas?  Magic have no more Money next year? Really?
Drew0288::Don't tell that to Magic fans. They think Ryan Anderson is the second coming of Dirk Nowitzski.
drewg1984::Don't think he's horrible. But if he has a ceiling, he's probably hit it. Fools were worshiping him on here earlier; some even saying he's already better than Boozer.
DTangMF::Well, Magic fans didnt, ESPN did...so there you go~ But you think Ryan Anderson is horrible?
DTangMF::wait til the off season, and DWill sign with the Magic
chubby rain::Why? they will NEVER get any players that are worth anything to put them over the hump, he will ROT in Orlando if he signs a new contract. And D.Will is going home to Dallas.  And the Magic have no more MONEY!
gobigblue250::Way to go pistons way to get a 2nd win
domcerqs04::I think there was 400 people at the palace tonight
Envy II::I think you're mad because you stayed at home watching your team lose and can't afford the tickets to the game
KingGeorge53::Job well done for the Pistons.
dubtownboi::Detroit always beats Orlando.  They're like the Bobcats to the Lakers.  Either way, it doesn't make a difference.  Orlando still strong.
DTangMF::they dont have JCross who lead them to win last year, but we'll have to wait til they play and see.
hyperk1d::Atlanta and Orlando both give each other trouble. That's an even match up usually.
DTangMF::maybe not Miami, but Chicago doesnt scare the Magic, Hawks? Nope~
DTangMF::Funny...DRose is good, who else is good on the Bulls squad? Boozer? Deng? come on now...your team is not that good...lay off the drugs... Heat exposed this one man army last year...
tflo1313::You are delusional... Chicago's bench mob is better than your starting 5 minus howard
chubby rain::The Bulls would Kill the Magic, lay off the drugs.
jhn75377::I dont see Orlando getting by Miami and Chicago...And Atlanta seems to give the Magic trouble
DTangMF::Orlando need perimeter defenders.
DTangMF::and Bulls will never win champ with only DRose...
CosmoKramer1444::Q.Rich and Liggins need to play more.
chubby rain::That still won't help.
chubby rain::They need to BLOW IT UP.
TheOrlandoTragic::REMINDER: The Palace was literally 1/3 full, at best tonight. Detroit is such a joke franchise.
derekbamafan09::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NbqCG3KpH_E
sportoholic21::REMINDER: When Dwight leaves you'll be lucky to have 1/3 of the arena full in Orlando...I'll take something like 259 straight sell-outs btw in the days we were dominating.
CheerstoLilWayne::259&gt;&gt;&gt;100
MagicBoltzRays::Orlando currently at 100+ straight sell outs and counting.
hyperk1d::Wow thanks for making all of us Magic fans look bad you idiot. Detroit is far from a joke of a franchise and obviously you're one of those people who only started watching the Magic in 08 and don't know nothing about basketball.
baseballerocho::Too bad your team can't beat this "joke franchise".
samerzz16::Its ok when you win championships and had the success that Detroit had in the last decade then come and talk crap, but other than that just continue to act like a little $@%!$ because you know your gonna lose Dwight very soon.  Shows you which team is a joke when your franchise player is trying to leave that badly.
scotty_b2005::and how many championships does orlando have?
MagicBoltzRays::"AT BEST" is a pushing it.
David 454 Texans::Orlando is so bad. Dwight Howard should come to the rockets
hyperk1d::In your dreams.
David 454 Texans::I dno....he's pretty good
MagicBoltzRays::LOL! WHY?
Metta World Hate::Villanueva only plays one min and they win.  Shocking!  It's almost as if he were causing the losing or something?
ehamady.6::The Pistons are such an enigma. They lose to the Cavs win against superior teams like the Pacers and Magic. Oh well, I guess I'll be happy with tonight's Pistons win because they've already won 2 more games than I thought they would for the 1st month.  PS: The Heat lost!!!
jchmelka::$@%!
jchmelka::$@%!
jhn75377::Chicago is way better than Orlando...How does Orlando consider themselves a true contender and lose to Detroit??
derekbamafan09::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NbqCG3KpH_E
DTangMF::Orlando is not a contender this year. Compare yourself with contenders like the Heat, Thunder, Lakers, Mavs.
CheerstoLilWayne::he won't do that, if he does, it'll make his pathetic Bulls look like the '08 Lions
Metta World Hate::No one considers Orlando a contender.
EnnBee15::How about those Warriors, Bulls fans?
jhn75377::Warriors are better than the Pistons, Bulls also started the season on a west coast trip playing 4 games... Beating LA, LA and Sac, then they beat Memphis... Way more impressive than Orlando's wins
jhn75377::to laugh at you...hahaha
CheerstoLilWayne::I'm not an Orlando fan you pathetic tool.
jhn75377::mainly to laugh at your team and Masta...
CheerstoLilWayne::why are you here?
TrapGameJr::Another trap game. Pow!
Drew0288::Anderson didn't look too much like the golden boy tonight. Where was his double-double?
Drew0288::Can Hedo do ANYTHING other than launch threes?
derekbamafan09::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NbqCG3KpH_E
JoeyDorsey4MVP::He can eat Pizza
MagicBoltzRays::all I gotta say is.... we better kill the wizards on Wednesday..... and the bulls on friday.
chubby rain::Well one of those requests might come true, and ain't the team their playing on Friday.
MagicBoltzRays::Who has won more National Championships? I believe the correct answer is Bama.
travispsixnine::LSU&gt;Bama
derekbamafan09::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NbqCG3KpH_E
CheerstoLilWayne::The number of rings Lebron's girlfriend has &gt; the number of rings Lebron has...
travispsixnine::Pistons are improving every game  still don't see us sniffing the playoffs this year
ESPN.Sports.Analyst::At this rate the Pistons could finish .500 and make the playoffs! LOL
JoeyDorsey4MVP::The Raptors will be battling Washington and NJ for 15th spot.  and I am a raptor fan.....
kush manbear::east is pretty weak this year u never know
kush manbear::knicks bucks raptors will be fighting for that last spot maybe detroit if gordon go's hard
Giggityiggity::Congrats to the Pistons on their 2nd win!  - Cavs fan
thenbaisback20::Magic SUCK!!!!!!!!
MagicBoltzRays::they are better than your team.
ESPN.Sports.Analyst::Well, your team may have an overall better record. But they weren't better than the Pistons, tonight. LOL
MagicBoltzRays::1 game?
ESPN.Sports.Analyst::Scoreboard doesn't believe so.
Detrocity::Who the Bears playing next week ?!?  Our third string quarterback is better anything the Bears had this season at QB or in the foreseeable future ... feels weird being a Lions fan and being able to talk smack.  I like it.
chubby rain::Where are your STINKING PISTONS GOING THIS YEAR HUH?
kush manbear::i dont care as longs as the fackers dont repeat going for the steelers tho
Cabbinator 24::yeah big ben is hurt too but he can at least play
kush manbear::i know but dont count big ben hes a goon dont really like any of the other teams
Cabbinator 24::dude their chances just diminished mendenhal is out for the year
kush manbear::i thought this was a basketball forum how bout them wings who cares  bears at least have an excuse this year
kush manbear::its coo bro im over it. saints aint no joke tho as u already know
Cabbinator 24::no matter how it happened, in the record books it will look the same!
CheerstoLilWayne::i know...i love it.
Cabbinator 24::yeah i agree, we played them this season and if you take away half of those flags.... we could have easily won!
ESPN.Sports.Analyst::Lions have a good shot at the Saints if they can maintain their composer.
MagicBoltzRays::Stanford/OK State is a good game!
ESPN.Sports.Analyst::Few dull moments after watching the Rose Bowl.
Drew0288::Ah, this game finished in 2-1/2 hours. NFL games take 4. F--- that.
Drew0288::Football has more replay time than actual action on the field.
hyperk1d::Football has been proven to be a majority of players standing around and advertisements. But I still watch it. lol
Drew0288::Yes, basketball is a way more complete sport. If I didn't, I wouldn't be here talking basketball.
ESPN.Sports.Analyst::You rather see a Basketball game than Football game? Ludacris!
Cabbinator 24::yeah hes a pretty good rapper here in the USofA
MagicBoltzRays::Gundy probably should have given some minutes to Von Wafer.... why let him rot on the bench, he is a decent back-up.
Masta_Da Magician::Stan is an idiot.
Masta_Da Magician::Heat put Lebron on Rose and it's a wrap.
ESPN.Sports.Analyst::Bulls &gt; Heat
MagicBoltzRays::Nelson and J-rich once again no shows.
CheerstoLilWayne::Ben Gordon looked great...again. all he needed was a coach to show confidence in him. See what happens when the Pistons are given time to gel...two straight convincing wins over playoff teams with 3-0 and 3-1 records..the future looks bright. Keep improving Pistons!
Masta_Da Magician::Funny part is the Bulls have ZERO shot of ever beating the Heat..The Heat are a nightmare matchup for the Bulls.
MagicBoltzRays::Detroit pisses me off. they ALWAYS play us tough.
Cabbinator 24::thats how it was with utah when the pistons made that nice run from 03-08 i dont think we ever beat them. And we were a top team during that time!
CheerstoLilWayne::haha I'm sorry. Pistons had the same problem with the Jazz until last year when they finally beat them.
CheerstoLilWayne::lol, great minds think alike.
Cabbinator 24::jinx hahah
Masta_Da Magician::Bulls fans seriously troll every board on here.. Bunch of insecure pansies gotta run around trying to tell us how good they think their team is..Too bad we all see right thru them. Bunch of b*tches.
kush manbear::not trolling at all i dont think. am i?
ESPN.Sports.Analyst::Bulls will win the East, book it!
MAGIC11033::I knew we'd lose this game.
DetroitKoolAid::pistons always beat the magic for some reason...one of the few unexplainable things in life
kush manbear::warriors and knicks are like that for us
ESPN.Sports.Analyst::Really?
MAGIC11033::plus we were down all game last night until that furious comeback at the end, figured that would take it out of some guys for tonights game.
MAGIC11033::Yeah, I was telling people I work with that we'd probably lose.  B2B, traveling to Detroit and they always have our number it seems like.  I hoped we'd win but didnt expect it.
Masta_Da Magician::Lets see how the Bulls do on Wens when they play the Pistons on a B2B.
kush manbear::hawks,pistons,magic sounds fun good games
Detrocity::Ben Wallace with 5 steals in 20 min. ... nice
DetroitKoolAid::yeah he looked like 2004 ben wallace for a little stretch
Rsp2008::Piston out score Magic by 13 in 2nd half...tired legs did the Magic in...
MagicBoltzRays::I'll be happy if the Magic win 9 out of the next 10.
Cabbinator 24::oh really? if the pistons won 9 out of the next 10 id be pissed
Masta_Da Magician::LOL... Sorry Blax but this made me laugh.
ESPN.Sports.Analyst::They won't kid.
ChicagoSportsFTW8510::The Magic Suck.  The Bulls will destroy them friday
ChicagoSportsFTW8510::Jokes you guys can't even beat the pistons
EnnBee15::How about those Warriors, eh?
MagicBoltzRays::no they won't. the bulls will get exposed
openminded43::Is that a second game of a B2B too???
EnnBee15::Don't lose that confidence, kid.
Masta_Da Magician::Minny about to win 2 straight. Love is a flat out beast. They got a really nice future.
ESPN.Sports.Analyst::Pistons may make the playoffs this year due to how pathetic the Eastern conference is. The Pistons won't be a team to take serious for at least 4-5years after everyone is gone.
Cabbinator 24::it means united states of america you $@%!... i dont get why you're so confused god damn bro
ESPN.Sports.Analyst::I understand. You shouldn't let emotions get the best of you while trying to post.
Cabbinator 24::way to state the obvious.... you are just like a real espn analyst, dumb and useless!
ESPN.Sports.Analyst::Says the guy who said USofA.
Grand212::Maybe 2 or 3 if they luck into a great player next years draft and Knight turns into a franchise pg.
ESPN.Sports.Analyst::They would have to have everything work in their favor, trades and what not.
DetroitKoolAid::to be real the magic have to put more around howard...looking at the magic team without howard the pistons have a lot more talent than them
DetroitKoolAid::pistons have some talented young guys,   The guards for pistons are better than the magic the bigs are better for the pistons than the magic (minus howard)  and the wing players are better.  i mean orlando started double teaming tayshaun prince tonight lol and ben gordon is better than every guard orlando has
openminded43::Sure dude!!!
kush manbear::lmao knicks and magic
openminded43::Is that after lmoa at your avatar???
ESPN.Sports.Analyst::Derrick Rose face in a place where Jesus face is.
