Pasha::I'm a really huge Kings fan but I think the Kings should tank this season and get a top 3 pick, we really need a sf.
Rob::I doubt this will be a close game at the end.  Demarcus played well last night until the final few minutes when he started taunting and committing stupid fouls.  Not to mention  missing shots.  Also, Coach Malone sat Vasquez and let IT try to be Kobe Bryant and win the game alone with 1vs1 play which is never a good idea.  Last night the Kings looked kind of like they did last year.  Tonight they'll probably play similarly but more tired from a back to back.
BHK::It's annoying when people argue that vasquez starting instead of isaiah thomas is better for the kings. Either these people own vasquez in their fantasy teams or they secretly enjoy his lack of talent. Watch if vasquez has one better game, people are gonna start praising him.
Pasha::This game was very frustrating Curry and Thompson know how to shoot  lights out.
Jay T::It doesn't look like the Kings has any game plan at all.
Josh::Kings will need to bring a lot of energy tonight, and it might be hard following last nights game. Maybe Mbah a Moute and Fredette will get some time? We'll see.  Patterson and Salmons need to start playing better. They've sucked in each of the first 2 games. Cousins,Vasquez, JT and Thomas can't do it alone. Need all hands on deck.  Go Kings!
Rainbow Dash::Cousins need to control his temper. After Bogut stole the ball from Cousins in the low post, he fouled Bogut by pulling Bogut's hand. And he commits another frustration foul against Bogut while trying to steal  after falling down.
Mr.::Jimmer in for 3 minutes: 1 rebound, 1 assist, 1 basket (50% shooting). Geez, maybe keep him in a bit longer.
Nathan::A nice win tonight . But Curry is still making too many careless turn-overs. He 'll need to work on cutting down on the turn-overs if he wants to become a great PG.
Wallowinit::Can people stop with the "play Jimmer" nonsense.  He is an undersized 2 who can't (or won't) play defense.
