kevinrsx408::playoffs*
kevinrsx408::if the warriors won n the mavs ended up missing the playoffs by 1 game then it wouldnt be the first time golden state eliminated dallas from the $@% lol
sirmacalot2::Lamar knocked up that Walrus. She's gonna have twins so I just read. He's done.
Eddie_Z8::Dirk needs to REBOUND....1 rebound is not acceptable!...
sirmacalot2::He has people for that.
yorklinks1::kobe has a .300fg% in the clutch and bynum has an .800fg% MAYBE IF BYNUM TOOK THE LAST SHOT THE LAKERS WUD WIN MOR full clutch rankings here (got stats from here) http://bustasports.com/?p=784
yorklinks1::kobe has a .300fg% in the clutch and bynum has an .800fg% BYNUM SHUD HAVE THE BALL IN CRUNCH TIME full clutch rankings here (got stats from here) http://bustasports.com/?p=784
Shadowofomioc::This was the golden state warriors ....  The golden state warriors ....  Yeah.  I'm all for a win, but this means nothing really.  If they would have lost this game it would have been a tragic embarrassment to this years squad.  The only thing I'm liking at the moment is Brandon Wright.  He has come along to be a fine player and a great addition to the team.
y0u 41 MISunderstood::i agree with piston. i may be a Dallas fan, but this was a pretty huge game for them. plus, you look at the new lineups without Odom, and you have Wright getting a lot of playing time. how can you not be encouraged by this game if you are a mavs fan? it was sort of a breakthrough cuz now we seem to have a legitimate core of players and we are not really "experimenting" anymore. as a fan, i love the adjustments the team made - putting Carter at the 3, making Haywood their backup center as of late to give Wright more playing time, Delonte West is back and healthy, Roddy getting some big minutes. and to think, Dirk has not been playing very well as of late. imagine if he was. it goes WAY deeper than the score and actual game...
pistonfanstill::PS.  If you want to see a win which did not mean anything look at the Pistons win over the Bobcats (again)
pistonfanstill::Yes it does mean something. What if Dallas lost?  You are not encouraged by the way the Bench responded?  Dallas is Defending champions until someone beats them in the Playoffs.  For now they are in.  Bandwagoneers and Frontrunners overlooked Boston, Dallas and the Spurs this year because thats their natures.  The 'older' teams sort paced themselves letting the rabbits run.
DeeWig41::Good win Mavs, really needed that one!
KORNETS::Jason $@%!$ Kidd!!  Man i wished he got that Triple Double!!!  GO NETS!!!
Shiggity80::damn, just saw the box score!  ONE freakin' point away from a TD.    GOOD WIN MAVS!  Gives me hope!
score1 4me::http://www.facebook.com/chrisjustice247 buy picks or get advice!!
LP94PatsFan::I love how Nobody makes fun of Dirk for taking so many shots, But if it were LeBron everybody would be bashing him.
netjunkie88::WTF are you talking about?? Almost EVERYONE makes fun of Dirk. He gets the least amount of respect of any star in the league yet nobody can stop him - nobody. That's what's funny.
MavsOwnYourArse::Pretty much all of Dirk's shots are usually good looks. If he's open, I want him to shoot it. If the shot clock is running down and he's contested, I still want him to shoot it.
Mavsolute_Beast_41::Dirk averages 16,5 attempts per game for this season. 16,8 career fga Lebron averages 18,9 for the season and 20,4 career. Kobe 23,2 this season, 19,6 career
Le_Daj::Authentic Dwight Howard Signed Spalding Basketball With Certificate Of Authenticity With A Generous Price. Have A Look http://www.ebay.com.au/itm/261000109255?ssPageName=STRK:MESELX:IT&amp;_trksid=p3984.m1586.l2649
thenbatmm::Blake Grffin poster serge IBAKA  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0aWVGN28gsA
HarlenWest::I saw some guy complaining about the Warriors not covering at home below.   Dude, you've got to be kidding me.  The Dubs are in full tank-mode right now, you should not bet on them to do anything other than to encourage Klay Thompson to do whatever he feels like with the ball at the end of games.  Also, may I say that Klay Thompson was Born for tank-mode, I think they might actually keep that 1st pick.
Eg214::I got the Mavs at -6.5  Post season around the corner and everyone is healthy right now they i knew they would cover 6.5
HarlenWest::But let me also say that I agree with him about the Rockets getting screwed, Stern should resign.
dbackyankeeswinning::I found a betting system a few months back called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 2 months straight now following this system. I found this system by googling the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. Thought I would post this for anyone out there that is looking for a betting system that actually works
tallcoolfool3::I went to the website and now my bank account is empty...
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Good job, Mavs!
Bynum Leads The League In 3 pt attempts::LOL kidd's triple double was c-blocked by a point?
thenbatmm::D-wade is pretty clutch, something that LEBRON doesnt have....  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aKQCpwxxxpo
ReidScores::Chicago can lick them, too! My Chestnuts!!!
ReidScores::Houston has more money and more energy power, with the best athletes,... and New York and LA, and Boston and Miami, think they are the ish. Blahness....
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Not the Lakers you must mean the Slippers and why is Houston or those teams being discuss on a board thats irrelevant to those teams ?.
ReidScores::ESPN sucks. All of you who are so comfortable there, will be looking for other jobs. We don't jump on your bandwagon of bs.
ReidScores::Yep, I said it. And, you can kiss it, too... Stern! Effage to you, you pile of dung. Try to disrupt the Houston, LAL, NOH trade. What a pile of dung?!!!
ReidScores::We are all aware of ESPN and the NBA love affair with the media giant cities of New York (that's why they won the other night), LA Lakers (they suck and got beat by the Rockets), Miami (D-Wade is the only real player, there. LeBush is losing hair.). LA Clippers suck big ones. too. Actuall, Oklahoma may just wipe everyone out, until they face Houston Defense...
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::You sound like a fu.cking moron dude your sh.tty a.ss post make no sense. Seriously everybody sucks than because there's a bunch of teams lost to eachother under 500, at 500 it over 500. So the Lakers suck because they lost to Huston you fu.cking  b I t c hmade trickmade hating sucker a.ss human pipe gagging sub human.
ReidScores::Golden State is a piece of crap. Period. They can't even cover at home. NBA's tool. Oh, they all are except the Houston Rockets. The NBA just tries to make The Rockets lose. Screw Stern.
HateBrass::Didn't Mark Jackson GUARANTEE a playoff berth this year?  I know he had no previous coaching experience but he will be in the lottery this year. Isiah Thomas when he took over the Pacers had no previous coaching experience, inherited three high schoolers and still made the playoffs with a 41-41 .500 record.  So since folks like Jackson, he will get a pass and excuses for this year.
Pdiddy171988::sounds like a guarantee the (NFL jets) got but they never made it to the playoffs..
SB4LlFE::$@%!$@%, they traded their best defender and their best scorer. it's tank mode time.
50goldfinger007::Kobe " Dang......and peeps make fun of me bricking 3 out of 21 pts...........Yeah RIGHT!! At least I don't go for 1 out of 13 like Rose did!! "
AceVenturaMavsCoach::no but you did start 0-15 once this season
Shawn1807::Interesting list of best NBA franchises ever  http://sports.espn.go.com/nba/playoffs/2009/columns/story?columnist=hollinger_john&amp;page=FranchiseRankings-Spurs
SB47-Locker10::FATHER TIME KIDD KILLED WARRIORS !!! LOL HOW !! EMBARRASSING !!
Pdiddy171988::even if they are tanking an L is still an L..
bpkid17::na but the mavs are proud of winning a championship beating all the best teams to get there.
SB4LlFE::aww, the mavs are proud of beating a tanking team full of rookies and bench players on their b2b game... *yawn*
BigBob198622::Awwww, did the warriors win themselves a playoff series? How cute. Joke of a franchise..
ClassOnGrass::Warriors knocked the Mavs out of the playoffs when they were the 8 seed. LOLOLOL!!!! HOW EMBARRASSING!!!!!!!
kozanski2000::If the Mavs get Deron W, what happens to Kidd? Pretty handy player, one point from a triple double ... would be valuable to more than one contender out there.
MFFL_NS_14::Our new 6th man?
EpicPicks::To think, if Jason Kidd scored on more point, he would have been the oldest player in league history to score a triple double at age 48!
WarriorsWarrior::He's no moyer!
EpicPicks::The Mavericks...opened the game open behind patches of open space...  Maybe the author should consider opening a Thesaurus.  Good grief.
ejhova217::DId golden state give up like 500 points in its last 3 games lol
SB47-Locker10::ELLIS &amp; UDOH ARE HAPPY TO LEAVE A LOSING FRANCHISE!! LOL
WarriorsGO::To join another?
jzalvarado::WOW who would have ever thunk it that Dallas area teams are enjoying a collective level of success.  The Mavericks defending champs.  Rangers back to back world Series appearances AND even the Stars improving over a year ago.  Thank God for the Cowboys bringing balance to the Force
Pdiddy171988::yeah true I don't think the cowboys will ever get better lol.
WarriorsWarrior::SB47-Locker10 since when do you care about the bay area?
SB47-Locker10::KIDS !! LOL !!! Realestate investing !! Short sales! Forclosures! Tax liens! Etc I could go on  &amp; on! Anyways Jason Kidd spanked the Warriors.... Hilarious :)
SB47-Locker10::NOT A WARRIOR FAN !! LIVE IN CALI !! MAKE LOTS OF $$$$$$$$$$ REALESATE!! &amp; U ? .. Business side !! IF U CAN COMPREHEND HANDLING SUCH LARGE AMOUNTS OF $$$$$$$$$$.. ???!!  WINNING PRODUCTS SELL!!! WARRIORS ARE ????!!! NOT WHAT U WANT TO SELL!! TRUTH!! U SHOW ME THE SUCCESS  of the WARRIORS.. ID RATHER WATCH STANFORD FOOTBALL THAN SEE A BUNCH OF LOSERS!!
SB47-Locker10::U must be a Agent! :)  Or just a home owner.. Hows your portfolio looking?
MFFL_NS_14::So handling real estate doesn't involve using the caps lock key I see...Or grammar/punctuation in general.
WarriorsWarrior::Real estate? I have two houses..  In Cali but its bad business right now don't bs me!! Warriors wud b good in sf!
Thurmonatorrrr41::Peace fellow Mav fans!! I'm out!!
SB47-Locker10::WARRIORS SHOULD STAY IN OAKLAND!!! They will be an embarrassment to SF &amp; Waste OF $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$! THAT'S THE STINKING TRUTH!
Texas Rangers Own the American League::Oakland A's lol
SB4LlFE::why? the team has $$$$$ so they can do whatever they want
Dirk2XMVP::Mavs have been playing very good since Odom left. Go Mavs!!!
Pdiddy171988::they said that odom leaving wouldn't create a spark.. I think they were dead wrong? lol
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Yea Lamar is the reason why they started the season off shi.tty and also Dirk being out of shape til about a 2months ago. Yes Lamars junk giving minutes and his lack of production  is the sole reason why this team us looking like they do. Yea they were doing better before Lamaaaarrrr came. I see the Mavs owner and players not the only people using LO as a scapegoat. Sorry a.sses f.ucking lame $@% sh.it low and cheap. I can understand addressing his lack of production or commitment. But using dude as a scapegoat is some  shallow sh.it.
BigDtown09::Playing the Kings and Warriors didn't hurt either, lol.
Dirk2XMVP::haha true
WarriorsWarrior::Just a question what happen to  roaraclearena?
WarriorsWarrior::SN last yr?
SB4LlFE::you mean roaracle arena
Snakes_::oar ora clear ena
jzalvarado::it was Roaring during halftime of the T-wolves/Warriors GAME a few weeks back ;)
Snakes_::whoah.... took me a second to read that.  ROARORACLEARENAROARORACLEARENAROARORACLEARENAROARORACLEARENAROARORACLEARENA
Ball-aholic::interesting perspective on the 80's Lakers vs. the Kobe generation Lakers  http://feastnfamine.wordpress.com/2012/04/12/the-los-angeles-lakers-a-generation-lost/
jzalvarado::Speaking of NBDL (thread below), Im excited about the Dakota team possibly moving to Santa Cruz.   That'll give the Warriors a better shot of evaluating what they have Especially if they end up drafting late in the first AND 2 picks in the second.  THEY can draft based on Raw talent and develop their players close to their home base
WarriorsWarrior::Hope so.., I live here!
zipitedodaz10::yall dont have a real d league team?
zipitedodaz10::do you share it with some other team?
jzalvarado::yEAH its in North dakota
Thurmonatorrrr41::What?
TubbyTime334::Mavs in Form again.
PrettyLillyFlower.::Since 1999 only the Lakers, Spurs &amp; Mavericks  have made it to the finals from the west might change this year (Thunder, Grizzlies looking goood)
Goon-::It will change this year. Thunder are a lock. The last time one of those teams didn't rep the West was when Jordan's Bulls made their last stand in '98. That's how long ago it was.
SB47-Locker10::Grizzlies LOL!!
99LALO::grizz lost to Spurs but thats a good comment sweetie. Now go and wash sum dishes!
drac1100::I would guess there is a better chance for a team like Memphis than OKC.  Something missing with that team.  OKC will be reg season champs for a few years.
Snakes_::are you actually a woman?
Thurmonatorrrr41::Damn you sure do know your basketball baby girl!!
zipitedodaz10::ok.
WarriorsWarrior::To Health next year! Go Duds! Good game Dallas!
WarriorsWarrior::lol.
jzalvarado::Not Duds.. but Heath
jzalvarado::Thats my favorite candy bar!
BigDtown09::Wright getting starter minutes, good. and Kidd one point away from a triple double, dang.
Murphymik::The West is wide open.
Snakes_::hey whats the deal with kelenna azubuike? d league?
juno71::damn i miss that guy
Snakes_::yeah i just found this video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b1bmgl5rjjg   his patella snapped and his knee cap shot up his leg.
Trapped in Golden State::knee...multiple times...
MFFL_NS_14::Garbage time. He'll be playing next year with whatever crazy moves Mark pulls in the offseason.
zipitedodaz10::probably wont play in the playoffs anyway.. but he;s under contract for next season
Snakes_::i remember watching him play with golden state. i really liked his game. i wonder how that knee is... or whatever he blew out.
MavsNation92::Should have kept Sean Williams
BigDtown09::Which is a stupid rule, the NBA needs a real minor league, NBDL is worthless as is.
zipitedodaz10::cant we had to cut him.. cant keep bringing player back and worth to the d league... can only be called up 3 times..
rj1512::brought him up after odom got dumped. Carlisle has yet to play him
zipitedodaz10::he's ready to play once carlise lets him
SB4LlFE::Tied for 8th now... wooh... few more losses and we're good for 7th.
jzalvarado::Ahh the good old Shawn Bradley days of the Mavericks
SB4LlFE::detroit, nets, and craptors are going to pass them
Trapped in Golden State::saw that...doesnt look good...
jzalvarado::check out the Kawakami article from today.  Its almost impossible to get to that 7th spot unless the Warriors lose out.  I think they'll win 2 maybe 3 more
MavsNation92::Never experienced a lottery as a Mavs fan
Trapped in Golden State::we know...you got in at a good time...
MavsNation92::Mavs have made the playoffs every year since 2000  Dirk was drafted in 99'
Trapped in Golden State::and every year before that...
MavsNation92::Mavs fan since 04 (Began to watch basketball)   Mavs were in the lottery in 1999
Trapped in Golden State::must not have been a mavs fan for too long then...
jzalvarado::with the way the Warriors draft, its like the Lottery never happened for us
jekeeney::is it just me or did that just get weird?
jzalvarado::No Worries fellow Warriors fans!  Season Series is tied 1-1.  Next week in Dallas we'll win the season series from the Mavs
Trapped in Golden State::detroit won so we still have a shot at our pick...
