Jesse Huber::Story of the game tonight for me was Shved. The Wolves need bench scoring, period. I don't even care if Shved can't guard me in a game of 1 on 1, we just need more offense from the bench. I know what we really need is more defense, but that's not going to happen any time soon. The starters are scoring quite a bit, but getting almost nothing from the bench. If they would just get the league average from the bench, they'd have 3-4 more wins than they do right now. Shved is one of those weird cats, when he's on you love to play him and when he's not, he sits for a month.
Anthony Wing::i soo want hi to be awesome, but hes adjusting to alot and may be over his head, or may be needing time. we will see.
Jared Keen::I hope Beal is ok, that wasnt looking the best though, wincing pretty badly.   Also dump the benches in now, I think its safe to say this game is finished.
Jeffrey Reed::Go Wolves! :)
Anthony Wing::best comment on here
Chris Smith::I don't get the officiating.. calling touch fouls on some plays and letting other contact go.. the officials must be as confused as I am
Jenny Rustad Stoesz::Go Timberwolves!  I think the Kevins will have a huge night
Anthony Wing::our bench is weak. it usually happens
Liam Sibson::Love averaging 26/14/4  MVP
Justin Taslak::"John Wall is the best PG in the NBA" - John Wall
Logan Sweeney::so hes saying that about himself?. is that a joke
Gino Foggia::Imagine Lakers trading 4 Klove either this year or next year it;ll happen. They need him this year it would be awesome Gasol at PF, move KLove to what he should be a Center
Anthony Wing::nets. kg will back him up. hahahahahahahahaahahhaha
Chris Smith::I don't hate Whitman but when he can't seem to coach up his bench players when do coaches like Karl become an option? Not saying George would be willing to come..
Chris Smith::Case and point.. Beal gets hurt in garbage time.. wow
Chris Smith::Even with Nene and Webster coming off the bench the wizards bench is still terrible.. maybe we should have kept Crawford, even though he is a joke.
Mickey Doherty::Tonight will be a good test for Rubio. He needs to get his confidence back. This is a game they need to find a way to win. No excuses
Anthony Wing::he lacks confidence in the nba.
Gino Foggia::Wall said he's the best PG in the NBA he maybe some day, I love how he has all the PG's up in a tizzy CP3, Teague etc...
Anthony Wing::wall might be.
Nathan Wind::NO turnovers by the starting lineup? Never heard of a box score like that before.
Marcleen Bavogui::wow washington  11 points against this wolves defense just pathetic
Bill Baldacci::Anything wrong with Maynor....hasn't played in a while.
Tony Hartmann::Good win Wolves. It would be nice to see more road victories.
Marcleen Bavogui::wall has 22  what are those others guys doing.. smh down 14
Duddly Jones::cmon wolves.......crush them
Ashley Coburn::How can I watch this game? Anyone have a link?
Kyle Pingsterhaus::frontrowsport.eu
Mang Artemio::cmon wizards, you can do this!!!
Jarrod Mauren::My god how bad is Rubio
Jared Keen::Been sick but still playing ok. Needs to start hitting more shots and then he will be a top 5-10 PG again (Assists, defence and rebounding are all good, just his shooting that is lacking). Has been ok in some games but very streaky in shooting this season.
Anthony Wing::hes good at rbounding, d efensive spacing, stealing, free throws are getting average for a pg finally. no he cannot shoot like the other nba ballers. very servicable. any pg who can distribute reasonably well and steal/hold is own on d, and hold onto the ball--well most of the time---is going to find a job. rubio may get better at shooting, but  hell never be a scorer. i dont mind. i wish i had his jersey. i like defense. i like offense. i like basketball.
Jarrod Mauren::Anthony Wing He's a good rebounder for his position and he's good at getting steals on defense, partially because he gambles a lot, but a lot to do with his instincts as well. He's a good FT shooter but when you shoot less than 3 FT's a game, what does that really matter? His defense is overall pretty bad. Opposing PG's routinely light us up and Rubio is a huge reason. He can't get through any screens. He is too weak. It's a fact. He is one of the worst P&R defenders in the league. His shooting is worse than just not good. It's atrocious. The 3PT shooting is good, but has been coming down all year. The finishing at the hoop along with his shot selection make him almost a liability when he is on the court. His TO's are high, but he's a PG who takes risks and I'm OK with that but he makes some senseless, boneheaded passes that never have a chance. The assists that come with it are flashy and nice but how many assists would others average if they only looked to pass, like Rubio usually is forced to do?  At this point he's basically the same player he was when he came into the league. I put a lot of that on the coaching staff.   I love Ricky but he's barely a top 15 PG in the league, if he even is. I get so frustrated at Ricky partially because I know there's a good chance he's going to get a near max level deal and he's not that kind of a guy. He's a 'serviceable' PG. Not a guy who a team should consider in their 'Big Three" if they intend on contending.
Splurge Egrulps::Wizards by 3
Anthony Wing::wolves are not the nets. wolves have adelman. wolves win.
Joel Almestica::RiIcky Rubio won't stop cancelling himself out. Every game his marvellous passing ability gets nullify by his terrible shooting ability. At the moment, Ricky has one of the lowest field goal percentages in history. At his shooting pace he probably end with the worst FG% in history. I strongly believe the wolves would be a better team all around if they simply make Ricky Rubio a bench player, and let J.J. run the point 30 to 35 minutes per game.    J.J. may not be the best natural PG of both, but his offensive skill set makes him as good as Ricky. At this level, on this team, his offensive tools will spread the floor more for both Kevins. If that doesn't work he can always do one of his well-known drives tot he basket for a layup  or ditch to a very capable center. In my opinion, Barrea would give the starters more options at the offensive end than Ricky Rubio.     Ironically, the second team would benefit more playing with Ricky at the Point. First, because Ricky would be able to get more easy layups facing second team. Second, he will organise that second team better than Barrea. Last, the second team will become more efficient with a simple coaching switch.  Thoughts?
Logan Sweeney::i kind of agree. If you notice at the end of the game alot of the time its JJ in the game and not ricky. He is a terrible shooter but i think there hoping he eventually get better. Alexi is a good point guard for the second team he just needs more minutes
Logan Sweeney::plus Ricky leads the league in steals and is an above average defender
Anthony Wing::Logan Sweeney ricky doesnt lead the league in steals per game though. That goes to carter williams.
