Ian K-wizzie::So if you play John Henson like he's a legit starter, the Bucks start winning?  Only Larry Drew is surprised.
DL Legendz::I'm ashamed to be a Bucks fan. Go Bucks!!!
Duddly Jones::man Washington stinks
Collin Smith::You have no clue what you talking about. Half our team is injured.
Daniel van der Vossen::And in 3rd place.
Duddly Jones::and stinks
Craig Edwards::this is a fking disgrace !!!!!
Will DjsupamanThomas::my wizards finally about to turn the corner and become a 50 win team and be a contender
Collin Smith::Wizards can play really good against the good teams,but when it come to the bad ones, thats where they dont play that well. Its one game i still think the Wizards can get a 4 or 5 seed in the east if they can stay relativley healthy.
Collin Smith::Sekou Garrett well we beat the trash lakers, minnisota,Atlanta. Also the east conference is bad and we have been playing without Brad beal who is about to comeback.
Collin Smith::Sekou Garrett Did the lakers not lose by like 30 points to the Twolves at home?
Collin Smith::Sekou Garrett Also we have same record and the lakers have one injury and that is kobe(caman). The wizards have been playing well without: Beal,AL,Nene,otto. You really think we cant get a top 5 seed in the EAST when we get healthy you should go watch another sport.
Craig Edwards::as soon as wiz start hitting their shots this is over... bucks cant mantain 57% shooting !
Mike Eriksen::are the wizards laying down tonight???
Kevin Farmer::I guess we can't lose all of them .
Nate Gilbo::Wiznation
Brian Lawson::Wizards played a little cocky or arrogant last night. Just because you're above or were above .500 doesn't mean you lose that hunger!!! The great teams come out and want to kill their opponent each and every night! Y'all came out flat and unmotivated. Players taking bad shots the last couple of minutes to force overtime. Webster and Nene going out was a bad sign of things to come. It's nice to have swagger, but don't too cocky cause you still have a long way to go.
Brandon Tigues::I hope john wall can become at least a average shooter, that would help him so much down the stretch of games...it's much tougher to get baskets in the paint when everybody knows that's what you're going to do.
Daniel van der Vossen::Relax Wiz fans. Wizards down 3 starters from 2nd half on. Bucks hit 2 clutch shots to win. It happens, the Bucks are still an NBA team. And don't forget, this is the Eastern Conference.
Radu Pasan::can`t see how wall gets player of the game. he had the same numbers as middleton, only he fell way short at the end and shot a bad %. Brandon Knight has been crazy clutch in this one
Ron Parson::I don't care if some of the wizard players aren't playing this is sad. It's the bucks. This is Walls third season he should be better than this. Right or wrong?
Collin Smith::30 points 8 assists is bad? hes played almost 50 minutes
Daniel Tuggle::He's second in the NBA in assist... He is a PG
Brandon Tigues::he's not bad just inconsistent..besides his field goal percentage and the 5 turnovers he was alright in this game
Daniel Tuggle::What? ya'll didn't realize Brandon Knight was an Outstanding shooter and playmaker... he is just been injured to start this year
Brandon Tigues::lol no he isn't, he did absolutely nothing for Detroit
Duddly Jones::have singleton because he was 1/9.... and also go for the miss on the previous possession to ..........not win
Chris Smith::I'm not sure how I feel about the wizards but winning and hustle are contagious. If Wall and Ariza keep it up then hopefully the bench can follow suit.. only time will tell.
Collin Smith::Just wait till the wizards get healthy. nene just needs to sit out till he is 100%, beal avrg 20+, and AL is a good bench player.
Ryan McGonigle::Like I been saying... Give John Henson big minutes, and get big numbers, and most importantly WINS.....
Kyle Stengel::The Bucks head coach hasn't been giving any of the better players big minutes until this game. no clue why. I think it's stupid
Kevin Farmer::We don't want wins this year .
Duddly Jones::no offense. just slop. from Washington all game. Losing delayed only because its Milwaukee
Danny Houlihan::As a Bucks fan, go Wizards!  Perfect year for the Bucks to bomb and hopefully get out of basketball purgatory with a star
Collin Smith::Sekou Garrett Wizards have a way better chance of making playoffs then the lakers: Fact
Collin Smith::Sekou Garrett So you proved my point how we can get 4th or 5th seed. tanks go to a different board.
Collin Smith::Sekou Garrett Why not get excited if were winning and half our team is out right now? This "Trash team" beat the Lakers tho. Smh Kings bout to beat yall.
Collin Smith::Sekou Garrett Hawks, lakers( .500). We are just playing our schedule. We our doing this without being nearly healthy.
Collin Smith::wizards will win......the bucks have like 5 players having the best games of their life.
Ron Parson::I didn't think The Wizards were this bad.  How are they losing by 15 to the worst team in the NBA.....AT HOME!!
