fmunozcuevas::Any chance Wolves can get a decent SG? Maybe they could try to trade for Barbosa or someone like that, the Raptors might appreciate some to get a scoring forward or two like Beasley and Randolph.
jfreak2424::After all the years of being a t-wolves fan.. it is nice o finally have a good team back in mn.. we are the second youngest team in the NBA and we are beating teams the the spurs dallas and the clippers.. fun to watch boys.. Now lets beat the lakers
Goldfinger5887::Love &gt; Griffen......
Sainthubbins56::Pekovic is making Kahn look smart.  I recall reading a few posts by fans from his native country after we picked him up and everything they said has been spot on.  I cackled at them and ripped Kahn for the pick.  I'm eating crow today.
twinsfanfromharlem::i doubt beasley will be around next year and if and when he is traded will it be for picks or players??
jiggy007::Or take his contract to the local 1% card game and  bluff with a pair of 2's with it.
jiggy007::bag of balls, and a left shoe.
twinsfanfromharlem::rubio is good but hes no marko jaric
jiggy007::Jaric is still bangin Adrianna Lima... which pis.ses me off.
jiggy007::Rubio has won the Wolves at least 4 games with his 4th quarter magic.... Where are the endless front page articles?
planetstarubucks::Kevin Love max vertical: 35.0 Blake Griffin max vertical: 35.5  It's incredible that people who take the time to comment on basketball boards can still be dumb enough to say things like "Kevin Love can't jump."
jiggy007::Griffin max vert while bring guarded by Darko - 1.5 inches.
kobeisgreat12::How about Beasley for Mayo?
David Richie::memphis wouldnt do that.  no one wants beasley
i liked this comment::rubio is overhyped by espn, he is nothing special
jfreak2424::let the haters hate.. Rubio is a beast!  I think his game has proven that
jfreak2424::He is third in the NBA in assist and steals as a rookie?!   Annoying
kobeisgreat12::Wrong
NdonkeykongSuh1::Gotta love seeing the Wolves closing games out. How many games last season did we go into the late part of the game with a lead and get blown out in the 4th. The talent is coming together and the team has a winning edge this season.
kobeisgreat12::Breaking News!! Dwight Howard to Minny for Beasley Wes Johnson and T-wolves 1st round pick
price_time21::That would be awsome, would that make Minny the TwinLobCities. lol
NdonkeykongSuh1::Howard couldn't handle being the 2nd best player on a team. We need to build a team around Love Rubio and Williams, not bring in an extremely talented, but very whiny diva of a player
ksjameson::except the Hornets own the Wolves first round pick
eototal::thats a different pick there kid
JRod8954::No question Howard would obviously make the Wolves better.  But to be honest, given what the Wolves already have, I think the team will be better served spending that kind of money on either a 2 or a 3.  They essentially need a guy who can create his own shot, and be a little more efficient than Beasley.  And while I'm not suggesting that Pek or Darko are the long term answer, you can live without a dynamic center as the last several champs have shown.  But getting below average play out of the 2 guard and the small forward, that's a tough road to overcome.
kobeisgreat12::Haha i wish too
Dinomeyt::I would be jumping up and down if that ever happened.
TheKingOfVa360::Lol in our dreams!!!
mcrow24::So where are all the David Kahn haters now?
Jwenker06::It is great you can only give out one five year deal. It requires you to be smart about it. It will make the players more accountable for the way they play too.
jfreak2424::They saved the 5 year deal for rubio.. i dont think that was a bad decision.  Sucks you can only give out one 5 year deal
NdonkeykongSuh1::Right here. Should have given Love 5 years. If he ends up leaving I'm gonna openly ask, so where are all the Kahn supporters now?
eototal::Amen!
MAHOGMA66::I can remember the Wolves signing KG to a max deal,and that handcuffed them for years. Never put all your eggs in one basket.
JRod8954::Kahn's fate will all come down to his next series of moves which will probably be this offseason.  The team has righted itself from pure crap to giving themselves a shot down the road.  The question that remains is will they take the next step?  Much of that will be determined over the course of the next year based on moves made by the club.  I don't trust Kahn, but at least he's given this team a chance moving forward.  Things are a lot better today than they were when he got here.  Some of that is due to Kahn, exactly how much is tough to say.
frnorth::I'm still here....  Kahn hired Adelman it's the only thing he has actually done right. But first he hired Rambis  "he drafted Rubio" Yeah he drafted the best player left on the board. Good job Kahn you didn't screw that up. Then he drafted Flynn "he drafted  Derrick Williams" see above. Then he short sited signing Love to 3 years.  What has Kahn actually done?
mcrow24::Rubio is probably going to be the star of the team over Love in the next few years. It was smart not to use up the max deal on Love. This way he can let Rubio show he's worth it or not.
T Dubbs::What has he done? I dont know take a team that was lacking in everything and built a solid young foundation for future playoff contention. And doing this all while keeping our salary somewhat low putting us in prime position for a potential game-changing signing. Say what you want about kahn, but he is the only forward thinking gm in Minnesota right now.
Acousticlapguitar::Wow starting to look like the T-wolves are getting back to respectability. Could this team make the playoffs.
jfreak2424::Of course they could make the playoffs.. look how tough there schedule has been.. we really havent played many of the weaker teams yet?!  We are 9-10.. we beat dallas, spurs twice. and must i add they beat the clippers!  I would be shocked if they didnt make the playoffs
Averyloveu::Rubio is Mouth watering to the NBA he will win the rookie of the Year as a NBA fan for over 40 years and a Lakers  Fan I now turn on the Minny games now because of him , and I don't have to hide in closet about it LOL !  You never said in the past you watch the Wolves Play now I look forward to seeing them Play he will win Rookie of the year and I have voted him as All star Guard for this years all star on the west and why shouldn't he be ?  he is the best  Guard in the West  at point because  chris Paul have been hurt , Westbrrok has not done anything spectacular yet , Rubio should get the call  when you think about it !  I hope the wolves make the playoffs not just because of Rubio but give Kevin Love some Love in the Playoffs because they have a great fan base there and its been too long !
JeffreyBond13::If they win sunday they'll be 7-3 with Rubio as a starter vs. 3-7 when Rubio came off the bench... yes they could make the playoffs if Rubio really continues to be THAT BIG of a difference maker.
mcrow24::I think they can make the playoffs. The chances are not good. If they were in the east I think they would for sure. The West is much more difficult, I think.
Bhens87::I'm not saying for a fact they will make the playoffs but they have a good chance too.  Everyone just thinks team will fold.  I on the other hand think that now that they are starting to get healthy if they can get on a winning streak and get a few game over .500 it will get interesting.  As hard as it is to believe the Wolves have good players.
frickinegg::Not this year, but they're on the rise. That's the most I could have said about Minnesota since the Garnett/Marbury days.
tresbone::Kevin Love is a balla....gotta hand it to him he's the real deal. Watching him tear apart my Mav's the other night made me a believer.
minny snowta::good sport, thanks for the props!  I was totally rooting for the mavs in the Finals only because I hate the heat but regardless I was cheering for them.  Dirk deserves it too.  Go WOLVES!!!
brenda rutter::Having my Portland experience I knew when you hired one of the best coaches in the NBA the team would be a winner. But I never knew how good the players would be that he would have to work with. After the 1st few games I realized this will be a playoff team...............This team and the Heat are the most exciting teams to watch in the NBA... Adelman was a big time winner in Portland before Paul Allen discarded Coach Ad and allowed the GM to turn the team into the JAIL BLAZERS. Ad is not flashy but is a great coach and great player evaluator.....  He recognizes the talented players and will get the most out of them................................. GO T WOLVES!!! GO Heat!!!
rsleepo::OKC, the Clippers and the Mavs are also entertaining.
masterqb92::MINNESOTA NICE
toshsghost::Bring in Tom Gugliotta and this team is Championship bound.  Well, if Olowokandi jumps on board too.  And then throw Chuck Person and Christian Laetner in to the mix and maybe, just maybe.
jiggy007::is Reggie Miller still avail?
cobrakai2002::peace
toshsghost::I remember that one shot in the playoffs he had with the Hornets to win a game.  Or was it Phoenix?  And yes, he could jump for a white dude.  Ok sensai, see you &amp; the Wolves in the playoffs.  I'm ghost.
cobrakai2002::Rex Chapman could jump out of the gym for a $@%!$@. But otherwise he was bi.tch.
toshsghost::It'd be awesome to see the Wolves in the playoffs.  They are not going to win anything this year or next.  They need some more help.  Does D Howard like snow?
cobrakai2002::They've been without Michael Beasley, Martel Webster, Brad Miller &amp; JJ Barea. They're almost all healthy now.
cobrakai2002::Watch, the Wolves are seriously about to start doing damage in the west.
toshsghost::Hey man.  Long time Bullets fan.  I'll fight for Rex Chapman if need be.  Over any 'sixer or Jazz player.  Hornacek was good at getting under other people's skin.  Not at draining threes when they counted most.
cobrakai2002::Put it this way, Ricky Rubio &amp; Kevin Love are fixen to win the NBA championship!
cobrakai2002::Really, Legler is the guy you're going to bat for?
toshsghost::Now I know you're drunk.
cobrakai2002::Legler &lt; Pretty much every nba player i can think of
toshsghost::Better how?  Percentage?  I wouldn't ask him to take the last three to win a game.  I might even get Tim Legler out there before him.
cobrakai2002::Yeah, its a tough call, but Hornecek is better than everybody else but Allen over the last 20 years.
toshsghost::Jeff Hornacek?  C'mon.  There are 15 other guys I would take over him including the Rifleman.
cobrakai2002::Jeff Hornecek &amp; Ray Allen are the best modern day 3 point weapons. Bird is the best of all time.
toshsghost::Adelman was a great hire for this young team.  He is probably one of the top 5 coaches in the NBA right now.  He doesn't get the credit he deserves.
cobrakai2002::They asked him how he'd work in 3 guys that hve been injured and he said he didn't know til the game got underway. Honest answer, solid coach.
toshsghost::He was the man.  I wish he and Reggie Miller had some more talent around them with the Pacers.  Although the East was so tough with Jordan, the Knicks, and the Pistons for so long.
cobrakai2002::I bet Person could still hit 35-40% of 3s.
toshsghost::You see the "All Valley Tournament" they had going on Sports Nation this past year?  It was flippin awesome.
cobrakai2002::Plus, everyone knows that "crane kicks" are totally illegal in tournament play.
toshsghost::You must mean you watch way too much Karate Kid.  I watched the 3rd one a few months ago.  Man, was that bad.
cobrakai2002::Oh, you must mean, "Strike First, Strike Hard, Show No Mercy"
toshsghost::Dang sensai...sorry.  No mercy bro.
cobrakai2002::It's "put him in a bodybag johnny" &amp; "sweep the leg"
toshsghost::Kick him in the knee Johnny!!
toshsghost::Me too.  He could probably still gun.
cobrakai2002::I would actually welcome a Chuck "the Rifleman" Person on the Wolves squad right now!
JeffreyBond13::T-Wolves 6-3 with Rubio starting... That's why he'll be ROY...
ethanjconrad@gmail.com::Dwight Howard for Brad Miller, straight up. I can dream can't I...
cobrakai2002::Golden nugget for booger. I can dream too.
ibnfrey::WTG Wolves! :)
minny snowta::Going to the Wolves/Lakers game on Sunday, just picked up some nosebleeds off of stubhub!  Whoever wins, I am just hoping for a good game, I love both teams but would like to see the Wolves hit .500.  And coming off 3 wins in a row verses Mavs, Spurs and L.A. would be sick.  The haters will then be gagged!!!  GO WOLVES!!!
jfreak2424::I just went on monday with a crew of 5.. and we snuck down to the lower level with no problems.. may be a little more tough against the lakers.. but you will find some beeter seats to move down too
minny snowta::@ ilyak_17, I've been to atleast 60 games in my life and am used to those nosebleeds, they aren't so bad.  I'm going with my hot wife so it will be a good time and will wander the corridors looking at s h i t.  I hope there are credit card sign ups where you get a free shirt or hat.  I used to take advantage of that every time, even though the shirts would shrink like crazy.  I'm gonna wear my old Gugliotta jersey.  I love the Lakers too but really want the Wolves to hit .500.  No one better to hit that mark against than the Lakers.  Go WOLVES!!!
jmndodge2::The advantage is you can watch the action off the ball.  Last year you saw two players move, three stand, a lob pass, and a couple more move,  what I am seeing this season is players moving without the ball knowing the Rubio will find a way to put ti in their hands with a scoring opportunity.   Never turn down an opportunity for the nosebleed seats, just for the comfort of your recliner and big screen.
ilyak_17::Those nosebleed seats are so awful there.
thartmann6873::Keep it rolling Wolves. The future is bright.
jiggy007::Why doesnt Greg Popovich age ??
price_time21::I think Bob Barker is a vampire too, along with Betty White.
Dinomeyt::he's a vampire!!!! The blood he drinks keeps him young
Why White Folks NightClubs Always Play Usher Songs::I hope the Wolves get the 8th spot out west
Misterdizzle::There's a guy at the Twolves game that makes everyone thinks "damn that guy looks like Wally Szczerbiak". True Wolves fans know what Im talking about.
TheKingOfVa360::He does Clipper games now, Mike Rylander!
moriakmm::He's not there this year, he moved to LA and is the in arena host for the Clippers....
jiggy007::thats why i posted the WERE COMING and Come 4th Quarter, bring it to the ticket earlier.
jiggy007::lower case D
maxadamson::I have asked him a couple times if he is hahaha
thewolf1616::LOL .....if your a true twolves fan then you will now this off the common man program.....    "its like hello"
jiggy007::ya he was a cheerleader for a while.. now does promo stuff
jiggy007::he was milking those Wally Eyebrows for a few years in minneapolis I bet...
JakeAmundson::Rubio Rookie of the Year!
Chance34877::A fine person on this blog told me, Kevin Love can't jump and thats why he will be passed over by the competition. Well, Steve Nash was a two time MVP and couldn't jump?
jmndodge2::Kevin rebounds by playing position, and by timing his leap. You do not have to jump higher, be taller or even stronger than your opponent, but your hands need to contact the ball at the top of your jump, be it 3 inches like mine once was, or the foot or two Kevin jumps.  Michael Jordan's great vertical leap (Primarily Offensively) was outstanding,  but Kevin is up and down in traffic,  from a standing start 50-60 times a game.  Anthony Randolf has much better springs, and fresher legs,  but even with the skills will likely never steal minutes for Kevin.
jiggy007::agreed.  I (ME) personally think he is the best NBA player ever.  No need to have 100000 comments about that, just my personal opinion.
Chance34877::I hope he wins atleast one more regular season MVP. It would look pretty strange if a five time champion only had one.
jiggy007::That was number 8 Kobe though not 24 lol.
Chance34877::Thats harsh lol but thats true
jiggy007::ya Kobe gets F'd for his "rim out" in Colorado.
Chance34877::KG or Kobe, take your pick.
jiggy007::k g ?
Chance34877::I was thinking of another player who got robbed of atleast one of those.
spurscowboys1312::everybody knows they robb tim duncan of mvps those years
spurscowboys1312::he couldn't play defense
thewolf1616::without rubio....twolves are probaly 5-14
mcdog512::Scotty Roth!
thewolf1616::and tony cambell lol
jiggy007::i think 5-14 is generous.  I remember Pooh Richardson
thewolf1616::trust me i watched jonny flynn for 2 fricken years lol
Giggityiggity::The day Ricky Rubio wins ROY shooting .373 from the floor is the day ROY loses all credibility.   I don't doubt he's a good player but that would be like giving the baseball MVP to a guy batting .273.  If his shooting improves, however, he'll probably win it.  As of right now, though, Kyrie's stats tell that he's a better all-around player and that's usually what ROY is based on; a player's all-around performance.
DonDrewry::Rubio's got some huge pluses  - Look at his assist numbers - Look at the steals - Look at the rebound numbers for a point guard - He's the highest field goal percentage shooter, but so far when the games on the line he's one of those guys you'd like to take a shot.  Imagine if he'd been teamed with KG, who was one of the worst superstar ever to get the ball with the game on the line.  He's also a good free throw shooter (81% right now).  If he can keep up what he's been doing for the season, he should be hands down ROY.  If he slacks off and Irving gets better at being a point guard and not just a guard then he's the choice.  But at this point in the season, Rubio leads per game stats in assists by 4 (3rd in league), rebounds by 1, steals by 2 and trails in points by about 6.  If they were shooting guards where scoring is the first criteria then it's Irving but they're point guards and it's not even close right now.
TheKingOfVa360::Hater
mn_tanz::LOL at the guy who thinks ROY has to come from a winning team or that you couldn't win it with Rubio's shooting percentage.  ROY almost always comes from a bad team, since the bad teams have the top draft picks, who usually end up being better than those taken in later rounds.  Rubio is killing it in most aspects of the game.  Yeah, he still makes rookie mistakes, but right now, he would win by a large amount.
hoops_star30::giggityiggity, you are a sad excuse for a human being if you honestly believe that irving deserves ROY more than rubio does....
WillWatson399::Bobby Crosby hit .239
marinz4life::Apparently you don't understand that the award stands is for the 'most valuable player' as in helps the team succeed the most...and that's Ricky Rubio! Stats be damned, and his stats are good enough anyway (2nd in steals, 5th in assist - AS A ROOKIE), Ricky Rubio is a game changer partner!  Just like KG was a game changer from the time he hit the floor (as a rookie) with like a 10/7 average. By his 2nd season KG was a perennial All-Star, because there were a myriad of ways in which KG changed the game for the better. But since you're such a stat guy I would encourage you to watch the game differently and you'll learn that:  a. Rubio's numbers will quickly increase across the board.  He'll probably average a double-double the 2nd half of the season. b. Free agents will want to go to Minny to play with him and Kevin Love so they can stuff their stat sheets! c. Carmelo Anthony (5th), LaMarcus Aldridge (6th), Monta Ellis (7th) will regularly be among the league leaders in scoring - yet they'll never be spoken of as players that possess the intrinsic value to make an average team significantly better - they sell tickets, that's it!   You're obviously a rookie to the game to even suggest such insanity.  Go Ducks!
jb12890::Haha
jiggy007::Slob City
thewolf1616::jb hes a clipper fan...he only watches dunks
jb12890::Kyrie's FG% may be higher, but he is far from a better all around player. He has to shoot a high percentage to have an impact on his team...Rubio doesn't. Not when he's putting up the numbers he is in assists, rebounds, and steals. You know...the things that actually make your team better.
Googiz::what was Justin Verlander's batting average?
thewolf1616::rubio's # will only go up
Chance34877::Come on! Rubio gets you rebounds, steals, assists and points.
jiggy007::MVP is for improving your team... ROY is for the Rooie of the Year, based on many things outside of scoring.
jiggy007::then GWB never could have been prez
jiggy007::most of America wishes the Alamo would have failed, and Texas was just Mexico...
jb12890::You think Evan Turner is better than Rubio just because they have a better record? No way.
spurscowboys1312::if y'all wanna see the future check out the point guard out in Houston. now that kid is a stud.
spurscowboys1312::rubio so far is another rondo with good shooters around him.
spurscowboys1312::put rubio on the wizards he wouldn't had fun either
jiggy007::wow they must have been a top 3 seed that year than,
spurscowboys1312::i like the kid in philly more
spurscowboys1312::as of right now the t-wolves are still a team below .500
jiggy007::john wall was not having much fun playing Rubio this year.
jb12890::Sorry, let me rephrase. Then as of right now Rubio is in the lead. Happy?
spurscowboys1312::the bulls didn't have a losing record.
spurscowboys1312::john wall average 8 assist as a rookie last year on a longer season
spurscowboys1312::it's not a lock when it's not 2nd of the month yet.
jiggy007::and thats the East... records are worthless there.. losing record gets you in playoffs
jb12890::Then Rubio is a lock.
spurscowboys1312::what are u talking about. we not talking about 1995.
spurscowboys1312::if u look at the history of rookie of year it mostly goes to the rookie who help his team the most
jiggy007::ya and i remember 1995 when the bulls last won a championship and were relevant.
spurscowboys1312::remember derrick rose rookie of the year?
jiggy007::like the last few years lol?
spurscowboys1312::roy usually goes to the guy who help his team the most with his stats like mvp
frnorth::NBA - Ricky Rubio Fact of the Night Ricky Rubio is averaging more than 11 points, 8 assists and 4 rebounds per game this season. If his averages hold up, he'd be just the fifth rookie in NBA history with those numbers. 40 minutes ago | ESPN Stats and Information    Where is Kyrie in the "all time" list slick?
jiggy007::273 is a pretty solid career avg in MLB
spurscowboys1312::he suck so bad they sent him to farm league
Googiz::Jordan batted way below 273 though how does mean he sucks
spurscowboys1312::in nba it means u hella suck
Chance34877::It should be about how he helps his team get better. He gets double-doubles already!
spurscowboys1312::yea, that's why i said it's still early. i saw rubio against the mavs, he look lost at times, then later in the game he went on fire with love. but u can tell he is going to be good player. even jason kidd shot 30% as roy
cobrakai2002::Baseball has had plenty of roy's with lower ba than .273...
thewolf1616::rookie rubio!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ricky of the year!
MNsportswopwopwah::Ricky Rubio looks like he's been playing in this league for 3 or 4 seasons
jmndodge2::A few games back he explained he stayed in Europe to grow (develop) his basketball skills and grow as a man.  I was frustrated he didn't just jump right in a plane and start for us these last seasons,  but looks like he made a wise choice.   Mistakes, sure,  Ricky will push the limits, and make turnovers even as a vet with limited minutes.  His strength is pushing the limits.   A  Rubio without turnovers, would be an average point guard,  leading an average team.   We aren't any better than average yet,  but pushing these limits we have the seeds for greatness in the near future.
hoops_star30::did you honestly just mention jason williams and ricky rubio in the same post?    you must not be very familiar with the game of basketball if your post was serious...
danebneter::two reasons why rubio will win the rookie of the year 1.he is the best rookie 2. the media loves him. case closed!
spurscowboys1312::he is another jason williams for sure.
jiggy007::except not a wanna be, and he takes his job seriously.
Conor Petersen::hof is going pretty far for only playing 19 games but he is impressive.  It's going to be the era of a whole new type of basketball because of him for sure
thewolf1616::rubio rookie # dwarf steve nashes first 4 years.......
thewolf1616::ricky rubio=HOF and you can bank on that bitchez
Conor Petersen::what about him?
spurscowboys1312::but ya right his assist are impressive for a rookie, he got better shootin' touch than wall
Conor Petersen::He's 5th in the league in assists and 2nd in steals....that's pretty impressive for a rookie
spurscowboys1312::chris paul
spurscowboys1312::jason kidd bro
spurscowboys1312::naw i saw him against the mavs, he makes rookie mistakes.
jiggy007::what did you think of his 3 steals in 2 minutes the other night?  Is D West still looking around for wtf happened?
thewolf1616::ricky rubio shoulda been ROY 3 years ago......sorry kyrie was in the wrong place at the wrong time
thewolf1616::kinda like pekovic then lol
Dinomeyt::U should probably get rid of Boner. His defense is disastrous.
spurscowboys1312::yea iam not caring too much for him anymore. we need a big wide body
spurscowboys1312::i like to see splitter more mobile but overall he is gettin' better
spurscowboys1312::keep ya eye out for daniel green. he's a beast on stats.
spurscowboys1312::i can't believe y'all got beasley. y'all front court is nasty
humanvue2::When we had Beasley on him it was ugly. Not that he ever plays good defense but Splitter used the Duncan hook and looked like he was going to continue with it all night long.
thewolf1616::are you guys liking splitter so far?...he was kinda hyped also
spurscowboys1312::splitter is getting better every season so far
spurscowboys1312::too early in the season to name him roy. he is leadin' the pack so far
Chance34877::I'll take Love over Griffin!
Chance34877::His jumper is solid too.
Chance34877::Love does things that will keep him around for years to come. Like, rebounding! Offensively and defensively! Thats big if your wanting to establish a winning program in basketball.
jiggy007::Nash only scores when he gets like 2 elbows in the face, while having greasy hair in his eyes, and yelling whats this all abooooooot?  He is much better as a contested shooter than open
Chance34877::Well, Steve Nash can't jump and he was a two time MVP.
spurscowboys1312::that's true. be something he gets mean like charles oakely, but he should develop a shot blocking skill like karl malone and dirk, love can't no jump at all in his game. griffin needs open room like a guard to score.
spurscowboys1312::i probably would too but love can't jump or block while griffin got no inside game and he can't block either. those guys will be passed soon by a young player
Chance34877::Its exciting to know that the Wolves will be slept on no more. They only won 17 games last year, no way we only win that many games this year and in a compact, rigorous season too. We're going to be dangerous in the future.
Chance34877::Kevin Love is a great player. Point, blank period. He can shoot the ball when he wants to. Their winning now.
PortlandBlazers1004::PF's  1)Dirk (when he gets over his championship hangover)   2)Love (Plays ridiculous minutes and takes more shots with less FG% so he's tied with Aldridge. Also not a good one-on-one defender.)   2)Aldridge   4)Millsap (If he played as many minutes as Griffin or took as many shots he would have better stats. He even has a better PER than Griffin.)   5)That ginger kid
jiggy007::Id take Gasol over Griffin for now.
spurscowboys1312::i take gasol for defense
kstorck::I think people should be chanting love instead of rubio
jiggy007::or both... LOVE RUBIO
Chance34877::We can beat the Lakers, they're a terrible road team this year.
Dinomeyt::aren't they 1-6? I am sorry, but that is terrible. Coach Brown is probably the first Laker coach to ever have to worry bout his job
Blaugrana1899::Ricky of the Year!
Blaugrana1899::nothing like Ricky man. what kind of name is kyrie?
jiggy007::pts/rebs/asst/stl
jiggy007::and add about 6-8 more a game for Rubio for all the shots Tolliiver misses, and Beasley and Peko
Chance34877::Right, what is he talking about? Rubio will win it if he keeps doing what hes doing.
Giggityiggity::Sweet dude.. 10 turnover Quad Doubles..
Giggityiggity::On a far more talented team?  Kyrie could average 10+ assists a night easy if his teammates could catch a ball or finish open shots.  Give Kyrie Kevin Love and see how many assists he gets.
jiggy007::almost has had 2 quad doubles already.
jiggy007::must be Rubios middle name
Chance34877::Man, Rubio is getting double-doubles?
Giggityiggity::Kyrie is the name of the dude who will win ROY.  Just get used to saying it.
Giggityiggity::Kyrie Just dropped 32 tonight.. no chance Ricky wins it averaging 11-12 pts a game.
jb12890::Haha...I'm pretty sure he's accepted defeat at this point. Moving on to the next idiot.
jiggy007::giggity's PC is probably crashing from all the wiki's he is trying to read to find a diff excuse.
jb12890::Exactly...dominating Kyrie in assists, rebounds, and steals &gt; Scoring 8 more points a game. End of story.
frnorth::Ricky is a top 5 rebounder for his position slick. Kyrie rings in at 14 so how does that make him a better rebounder than Rubio?  Rubio is number two in the league for all positions in steals. Don't see Kyrie even making the list, How does that make Kyrie a better defender?  Rubio is absolutely in the ROY discussion.
jiggy007::yes
jb12890::Actually Rubio has Kyrie beat in rebounds. He's almost doubling Kyrie's APG, and dominating him on steals per game. Plus you can't even compare the two when it comes to court vision. But most importantly, Rubio makes everybody better while he's on the floor. He makes his teammates comfortable which leads to points instead of having them rely on him for scoring. Also one thing you have to realize is that assists are more important for a point guard than scoring...assists count for at least 2 points each, while a point is only a point. He will win it, and he deserves it.
jiggy007::want me to post A Iversons liifetime stats?  Or Kobe's or Durant's ? or Paul's
Giggityiggity::Do you base your arguments on facts ever or just creative writing?  35 shots?  WTF are you smoking?
jiggy007::K love carried us to 16 wins last year
jiggy007::check tonight's stats.
Giggityiggity::Oh god.. you did not just bring in his merchandise sales into a ROY argument.  Here's another thing, Rubio's stats are worse in wins and better in losses.  Kyrie is the opposite.  That shows that Kyrie's team can't win if he has a bad game.  Rubio is carried by K-Love.
jiggy007::Kyrie does not stand a chance. Rubio has been talked about for 3 years, he is a refreshing re-birth of basketball... where some great talent doesnt stand at the 3, drive through 4 people shooting 35 times with 10+ FT while all his team mates are going "WTF?"
jiggy007::how about number 1 selling merchandise, top 5 steals and assists, a floor leader, great defender, and has dicked so many "jerk" nba players already... Ask D. West...   Rubio is not a high scorer.  He is a complete point guard with tremendous vision.
Giggityiggity::Ok.. how about better FG %, PER, 3P %, Rebounds.. I'm sorry.. maybe if steals and assists were the only thing that mattered, RIcky would have a chance.. Kyrie is top 25 in scoring.. top 10 in scoring per 48 min..  his team's leading scorer.. need I go on??
jb12890::Maybe if points were the only thing that mattered.
jiggy007::when Rubio had 3 steals in 2 minutes against Dalls the other night it was damn amazing...    Delonte West started fishcaking never even saw RR coming and didnt notice the ball was gone until RR was 8 feet away
KikyExcel::I think Kyrie will be ROY because he might lead his team to the Playoffs (even though the Timberwolves might actually finish with the best regular season record). But Ricky got the hype on his side for now, just like Blake Griffin last year...
jiggy007::Wolves have more road wins then last year already dont they?
Chance34877::The only stats that matter are the Win/ Lose column
Chance34877::Ahhhhhhhhhhhh, good example
jb12890::Griffin won last year...what do you think?
Chance34877::Damn, really????
jiggy007::not for ROY
Chance34877::His team has a better record. I can only hope thats what these sports people base it off of. What else? Stats???
jiggy007::plus the numbers, top 5 in steals/assists and the team has improved immediately...  Hands down RR is ROY barring injury
Chance34877::I'll give it to Rubio.
Chance34877::So called, "Experts" believe you need a star studded team to win big, I'm starting to steer away from that thought process.
Dinomeyt::And we nearly beat the Thunder. And we beat the clippers. Did they have Chris Paul?? No, but Griffen and Billups are great players and Mo was on fire. But we still beat them.
Chance34877::Miami has had a rather nice schedule.
spurscowboys1312::t-wolves got a hall of famer coach
jiggy007::Flip could have won 7 champs with the Wolves if....
Chance34877::Would have won two championships, if he didn't have to face two dynastys when one ended and the other began.
jiggy007::I like Adleman. HOF might be a stretch... SAC was good.  not great
Dinomeyt::We nearly beat miami and they needed lebron to guard rubio. Wolves are not to be underestimated
Chance34877::This is true.
CRUZJ1990::damn spurs need to fix their game on the road they are great at home but on the road they seem to fall apart
spurscowboys1312::props to the T-Wolves, keep fighting, Spurs, GO SPURS GO!!!
minny snowta::good fan! thanks mate, respect!
Dinomeyt::Ur the first person not to call the team t-pups. Thank you thank you thank you
spurscowboys1312::good luck to ya team, they re looking promising
Vikeslegit::that was fun tearing up the dallas board. good night minnesota. GO WOLVES!!!
minny snowta::it was, later man!
CandySparker::Lucky guy Rubio!
jiggy007::OK, this will prove how long of a wolves fan you have been... The guy that wears the basket around and throws the balls into the crowd has been there since the target center was built..  Like This if you know who I am talking about.
jiggy007::kinda looks like a light skinned Fester lol...
Chance34877::It stinks of Maverick trolls in here.
Dinomeyt::That or its Beasley's "stuff "
VDScales::Blair's needs to play better!
