miami360x::heat
miami360x::go heat
miami360x::I OWN THIS BOARD
Louriel::Love the Heat!
Deandrewish7::Thunder fans are still mad?? The thunder are big floppers as well if you didn't see westbrick falling on his own the whole game.. Just face the facts that the heat are a better team and were winning the whole game anyway
4 Petes Sake::6' 3" 208 lb Reggie Jackson trying to come off a screen brushes 6' 8" 250 lb Lebron James,  the Queen flops and Jackson is called on a foul?  Then Westbrook is fouled by the Queen....clearly.  No Call??   Merry Christmas Refs.
Geezy_86::lmao quick crying 4 petes sake (pun intended) Miami owns OKC - deal w/ it
Lt. Frag::Do you want some cheese with that whine?
4 Petes Sake::yes please!! I like Gouda.
Complaint Dept.::Lol
ChrisLA2010::Ray Allen catching on quick with his new team... flopping like a fish last night and almost hurt his shoulder in the process, LBJ and Wade had a few as well... yet i hear nothing about some fines being handed down..... hmmmmmmm??
landotejas::You wish f4gg0t. Ray Allen is listed inactive today due to his shoulder. Have fun playing JV all 4 years in high school
Aron3411::Jv as a freshman would almost certainly mean varsity the rest of the years. And its funny because he injured himself while flopping
4 Petes Sake::DO Miami fans even argue when confronted with comments about the Westbrook hack at the end?  Ref was like 10 feet away.....maybe less and never saw it.  So sad.
smenkhare::For Petes sake stop the whinning..
4 Petes Sake::I really pride myself on NOT whining about REFS, but that was egregious.
StockDriverPat::Fixed... Once again the...  N.ever B.elieve A.nything  Comes in for Lebron &amp; the Miami cHeat.
FloridaGatorsForever::Judging that we beat the "best" team in the NBA last night, and the fact that the beginning of the regular season matters to Knicks fans, does that make us the best team in the NBA?
4 Petes Sake::I might agree if it wasnt for the bad officiating last night.   SOME DAMN GOOD HOME COOKIN' IN MIAMI LAST NIGHT!!!
pdiddy0622::Absolutely! Go Heat!
StockDriverPat::Once again Lebron gets a Christmas present from his most valuable teammates the Officials.  Its always so funny after a marquee matchup with Lebron there is a public outcry the next day about how corrupt the NBA and the officiating is... disgusting... You Lebron sniffers are hysterical, how could you even begin to defend this mockery.... Biggest cheeser of all time Lebron.
StockDriverPat::You f'ing know its fixed... and if you dont then your a child.
StockDriverPat::FT do not tell the entire story... I didnt bring up the FT's as a point.
pdiddy0622::wah wah. I think it was OKC that got the better end of the free throw disparity! OWNED
FloridaGatorsForever::Quit cha b!tchin'!
StockDriverPat::Yeah and you know its true.
TwiztidKennyD::nba is the worst-  It's okay, you can take your Big Three Miami heat jerseys out of your closet now.
CubicleJoe::all those christmas jerseys were obscenely ugly.
TwiztidKennyD::Don't forget an Allen one either.
CHARLES212427::MIAMI HAS TURNED INTO THE GREATEST FLOPPERS IN THE WORLD EVEN BETTER THAN MOST SOCCER PLAYERS - LET'S BE SERIOUS FIRST LEBRON FLOPS 2ND WADE &amp; 3RD THE BROKEN SHOULDER KING ACT OF RAY RAY - THE NBA SHOULD ADOPT SOCCER'S FOUL SYSTEM AND START GIVING YELLOW &amp; RED EJECTION CARDS - THEN AND ONLY THEN CAN WE GET THIS UNDER CONTROL - THE NBA'S REFEREE'S WHISTLE BLOWING IS RUINING THE LEAGUE - BACK IN THE DAY FLOPPING DID NOT EXIST !!!!!!!!!!!!!  IMMEDIATELY GO THE VIDEO CAMERA REVIEW THE PLAY AND EITHER SUBJECT THE PLAYER TO A $25,000 FINE OR IMMEDIATELY EJECT HIM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Aron3411::Its mostly spurs clippers heat
CubicleJoe::I DO THINK THE NBA NEEDS TO GET IT TOGETHER BUT IT'S EVERY TEAM IN THE LEAGUE NOT JUST THE HEAT.
TwiztidKennyD::LOL, he mad.
tdc200::nategolf I am a Lakers fan and this game was officiated fairly, Westbrook was acting on that last 3 and Lebron gets fouled every time he drives to the basket.
CHARLES212427::HEY TDC WHAT GAME WERE YOU WATCHING - I'M NEITHER A MIAMI NOR OKC FAN BUT OKC GOT ROBBED BY THESE LOUSY NBA REFS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
CubicleJoe::*SOBBING*
tdc200::But I bet you are a Lebron hater and/or Heat hater?
CubicleJoe::every time?
nategolf::I'm a Golden State fan so I have NO dog in this fight (in fact for the Warriors it was better that OKC lost) but the officiating down the stretch was just atrocious ---- just like about 3 of last years finals games.  The offensive foul on Westbrook when Allen was turned sideways AND moving was one of the worst charge calls I have EVER seen, then there is a complete and utter BS call on Ibaka sending LeBron to the line at the other end---then there was another no call on an OKC drive (Westbrook I think) right after that.  Three calls in a row that completely swung momentum.  Then, at the end, Westbrook gets fouled shooting what would have been the tying three and should have been at the line with a chance to tie.  Not calling conspiracy necessarily but boy did it look like some big money was coming in on the Heat at -3.
ryyyang::wah, wah, wah.  stop whining.  Just because you didn't get a call at the end of the game.  Please.  The Thunder shot 20 more free throws than the Heat.  Don't tell me that doesn't indicate how many fouls were or weren't being called.  If they shot 20 more free throws, that means there were at least 10 more fouls called on the Heat than on the Thunder.  And that should be at least 20 more points.  It's ok when your team is getting all the calls, but it's not when the other team is?  What a hypocrite.
Boomtown405::Ft disparity is misleading..  Okc attacks the basket more.
argenis fradique::You are looking at a 2 minute stretch of the game. I'm sure if you breakdown the 38 foul shots OKC shot you would find the same funky refereeing that went for OKC mixed in. At least 3 or 4 bad calls. Those points COUNT too or didn't you know. No conspiracy the Heat are just better. Right now anyways. They had plenty of oppurtunities, The Heat didnt score for like 4 0r 5 straight possesions and yet they couldn't take the game. and didnt they get a great look by their superstar KD, and if you think Westbrook was gonna make that shot you certainly don't watch OKC enough, he never hits when it matters.
Boomtown405::It really was..  I dont mention it much around my heat friends cause i dont want to seem sour i mean lebron and chalmers put the team on their back.  If anything the real problem was kd sitting on the bench so long in the first half..  He had like 7 or 8 in the first half lol.   We will see how the crucial calls will go in okc in i think february?
nategolf::And before someone gets on here and says "it all balances out" let me just note that in a close game when you benefit from three straight calls (all blatant I might add) with about two minutes left, in my mind that is more egregious than simply missing one call (i.e. LBJ's foul of Durant on the last shot of the finals last year for example)----plus on top of the consecutive missed calls all in Miami's favor----you still needed to have another blown call (not calling a foul when Westbrook got smacked on his game tying three--then calling a borderline tech on him) just to ensure that you got a Miami cover.  Just saying.
CubicleJoe::it all balances out
argenis fradique::I heard all this bs last year. The refs didnt cost them the game yesterday or the series last year. Heck OKC had about 15-20 more free throws attempted yesterday- What game were u watching?
nategolf::Using overall free throws throughout the game does not indicate what you can watch with your own eyeballs.  Do you care to comment on the blatant missed calls that I noted.  And please don't bring up some play that happened in the first quarter that went OKC's way.  The fact was that OKC was playing 5 on 8 for the last 5 minutes of what was basically a one possession game, not unlike they did in 4 or the 6 games in the finals last year.
argenis fradique::OKC suffers from little bro syndrome. Heat just seem to toy with them. Heat fans it feels good to know we are the best!! When they got within 1 with one minute left, I was so at ease with knowing they would win I changed my laundary. Came back in the room just in time to see Bosh dunk to put them up 3.  Then Lebron locked KD down when it mattered throwing up a LONG 3 and Westbrook please- no way he was hitting that shot.
Aron3411::And did u notice he sticks he legs out on a lot of jumpers so he was just shooting. Btw if you wanna call someone out for just trying to get a call then kniw his shot
nategolf::Hard for Westbrook to hit that shot when he got smacked while launching it.  Watch a replay of the final sequence and tell me I'm wrong.  Heat are super legit---it just drives me crazy watching games where the refs seem to be ensuring that they will not lose done the stretch.  Not saying it happens more than once in a blue moon--but it was on full display in last years finals and again yesterday.
ryyyang::Did you also notice that Westbrook stuck his leg out trying to catch the foul call?  Of course not because you're just a whiner.
johneon::Anyone else think OKC's players were trying to hurt Miami's players later in the game? Can't win legit so try to injure.
3riple3hreat::Not really outside of Perkins. They have a young team and they get naturally frustrated when you dominate the league outside of one team that has beaten you 5 strait times, and it hurts more when it is close.
ccu_jav2108::Lebrons tip back dunk was legen, wait for it, dary!
theflyeststar::dairy queen
ccu_jav2108::as awesome as a Reeses blizzard
Inconvenient Truth::i dont mean to make fun of you or anything...but seriously? I think you need to watch more ball
theflyeststar::2 legit 2 quit
ccu_jav2108::Hammer time
Inconvenient Truth::LMAO...CLASSIC. A thunder idiot fan gets told that orlando has a better defensive efficiency than the thunder and then he gets mad and says orlando sucks and that Im dense. The irony is thru the roof!!!
nodonovan1377::"Where have all the good big men gone?"  ~Hakeem Olajuwon
ccu_jav2108::Dexter Pitman says hello
nodonovan1377::"Hahahahaha!"  ~Hakeem
danbrightpurchases@yahoo.com::If the Thunder are going win it all, Westbrook is going to have to be smarter with his shot selection.  There's no denying his athletic ability and quickness, but consider that if you look at the top 50 scorers in the league right now:  - Westbrook ranks 3rd out of the top 50 scorers in the league in field goals attempted per game  (1 more per game than Durant)  - Westbrook ranks 46th out of the top 50 scorers in the league in field goal percentage.
3riple3hreat::Westbrook only needs one thing to be a complete player, raise his field goal percentage. He is basically LBJ at PG. He going to give you Rebs, Stls, Assts, Blks and Pts. His turnovers are normal for his usage (outside of Lebron &amp; CP3). He just needs to take more set shots and creating separation on his shots, basically add a lil Ray Allen to his game. What people don't realize is his numbers are far off from D Rose in his MVP campaign
oblique15::And he plays with Durant no way should he have that many shots
Boomtown405::My thunder will have some zone d ready for that a$$ at the peake next game..
Inconvenient Truth::dense? you're the one not understanding that orlando has a better defensive efficiency than the thunder
Boomtown405::Aron3411 - Is this ppg or shooting percentage. Because ppg is based on pace.  As people night score a lot while being inefficient. Tgat would be good defense so before u say orlando has a better defense than okc maybe u should actually look at all the facts u idiot becuz I guarantee you tgat okc gas a better opponent shooting percentage than orlando  Boomtown..  Unfortunately some people will only tell the part of the story that favors their opinions and biases.  Those people are everything wrong with this world.
Aron3411::Is this ppg or shooting percentage. Because ppg is based on pace.  As people night score a lot while being inefficient. Tgat would be good defense so before u say orlando has a better defense than okc maybe u should actually look at all the facts u idiot becuz I guarantee you tgat okc gas a better opponent shooting percentage than orlando
Inconvenient Truth::orlando is trash and yet they have a better defense
Boomtown405::Well for people as dense as u i guess ill just say 21-6.   Next..
Inconvenient Truth::orlando has a better defense than okc. look at the stats.
Boomtown405::O ya the stats of ur team against opponents with completely different matchups..  Makes sense...  Orlando is trash.
09Skeet::if Big Baby fought Shaq?  Who do you thnk will win?
nodonovan1377::LOL Seriously?  Shaq might have kicked both D. Robinson's and K. Malone's a$$ at the same time back in the day!  Ok maybe I went too far but the point is big baby would get killed!
All around rondo::who is more all around. Lebron or Rondo? ignore my name I didnt pick it
Bamm7272::Is that a serious question? LOL
MiamiFan2004::LOL!  You didn't pick the name, but your question is about exactly what your name says?  Well, the answer is LeBron, because he doesn a better job in the all around categories, giving him a better PER.  Now, there will always be fools like the one below that will try to claim Rondo is better,  most people know that isn't the case.  http://tshq.co/2012/12/rondo-vs-james-all-hail-king-rondo/
nodonovan1377::Kendrick Perkins is overrated.  Yes he is tough but people forget when he won a ship in Boston they were stacked offensively w/KG, Pierce and Allen all pretty much in their primes.  He is a liability on offense and a non-existent shot blocker.
nodonovan1377::a
Aron3411::Wrong post
Inconvenient Truth::Wow, Orlando have a better defensive efficiency than OKC
bgeelove::Why wasn't Battier called for a Flagrant? It is not a matter of whether he went for the ball, it is the result of the play of forcing Westbrook into the goal stand. I've seen less called a flagrant.
nba is the worst::Can't agree - no flagrant whatsoever
MiamiFan2004::Because it was an obvious flop?  He knew Battier was there, moved to his right, got tapped in the hand as a followthroguh for the block, but then proceeded to act his way into the stantion, and then rag the ref into a flagrant call.  The replay showed the truth though, and the truth set Battier free.
CubicleJoe::seems plausible that ADHDbrook was out of control, as usual, and spazzed his own body into the standard.
truthhurtsalot::"I've never fouled anyone in my life.  Hitting someone in the elbow when they are pulling up jumpers is not a foul.  Neither is elbowing them in the face."  -Kobe Bryant, Kendrick Perkins &amp; Tyson Chandler
09Skeet::Im pretty sure Metta World Peace said that
bgeelove::Dwade will never be called for a foul when it really matters. I've seen him foul Kobe at will late in the game and refs refuse to blow the whistle. Wade is who he is and that is a player the refs allows to foul at will late in the game.
Aron3411::Make*
MiamiFan2004::Because Wade wont FOUL when it matters. It is called playing good defense.  The last shot by westbaby was not impacted by Wades arm getting brushed by Westbaby on his followthrough.    But again westbaby overracted, making it into something the media could use as an EXCUSE for the loss, despite the FACT that OKC was being gifted by the refs all game.
Aron3411::U  My eyes bleed
CubicleJoe::also:  There's been a run on AR-15s at gun stores, too.   "I normally sell about 15-20 a month. I've sold about 30 in the last three days," said Rick Friedman, who owns RTSP in Randolph, N.J.
CubicleJoe::boo hoo.
nba is the worst::last time both teams from an NBA season got back to the finals was in 1998.  It's VERY unlikely that will happen this season
MiamiFan2004::Huh?  So you are saying the Heat have no chance to return, and the thunder have no chance to return?  Only reason the Celtics didnt get there three years in a row was a major injury.  But 2008 and 2010 combined with the lakers being there in 2008, 2009, and 2010 is pretty darn close to having repeat finals visitors.  Is it likely that both will return?  No.  But VERY unlikely, not true.  VERY unlikely is like less than 5%, while they are both likely conference finals contenders.  I give it a 40% chance of happenening, beased on how the East and West remaining teams have fiddled around and actually gotten worse.
nba is the worst::I'll settle this - Spurs over Knicks in the Finals!!!
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Weren't you a knicks fan earlier in the season?
MiamiFan2004::LOL!  It's settled, so now we can flush it.
CubicleJoe::i'd be ok with that.
sooner1980wb20::that sucks for the Heat... cause I know the Thunder will be there
method305::"that sucks for the Thunder... cause I know the Heat will be there." There, now it's correct.
truthhurtsalot::LeBron's an okay player...you know.
truthhurtsalot::Nah, I'd say closer to Brian Scalibrine, but black.
CubicleJoe::AND WITH A RECEDING HAIRLINE!!!!!!  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!
boopackboo::As long has he has all-star talent around him
MiamiFan2004::nba is the worst - Like Mauer, crawford, and bavetta  So, Bosh, Wade, and Allen are not All Star talent?  Mauer, Crawford, and Bavetta were around in his Cleveland days, and it didn't help him a bit.  So your "logic" is flawed, as usual.
method305::Still cryin', huh worst. Guess that bottle of No More Tears didn't get to your house in time for Christmas.
nba is the worst::Like Mauer, crawford, and bavetta
CubicleJoe::C+, maybe B-  he's basically josh smith with a slightly better jumper.
Sam_Cassells_Spaceship::Thunder need to figure out how to beat Miami.  It's 100% guaranteed that OKC and Miami will be in the Finals again, so i dont want to see another free ring for Miami.
nba is the worst::Why would you claim that something that hasn't happened this century will happen in 2013?
nba is the worst::Bulls-Jazz 97-98
CubicleJoe::what do you mean?  the lakers faced the washington generals from 99-01.
Kitastrophy::Yea, maybe a deranged redneck okc fan will tonya harding the f outta lebron! lol
Kitastrophy::other than that or him hurting himself, I don't see much of a chance of the ring going anywhere but Miami for the next 3 or so years...
Kitastrophy::As an OKC fan, I'm just going to have to get used to this happening for the next few NBA finals!
Kitastrophy::Thunder is the Thunder, the Sonics were the Sonics.. .no relation, sorry!
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::Maybe as a fan. As an organization its going to be remembered.
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::Some teams haven't even been to the finals/WCF as much as the Sonics/Thunder. At least it's something.
KingLebriansKarateKid::LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL
Djuki 3::i like that Lebron James fella, he's pretty decent
MiamiFan2004::Cmon guys, he didn't even have a double double, and Ronda's 10 assist streak (when that was all he cared about) is FAR MORE impressive than LeBron's 20 point streak (when he doesn't care about scoring titles).  Ohh, that's right, sarcasm needs a little *Sarcasm* note next to it....
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::Yea he's only ok. Only an avg player can have the kind of 11-12 season he had.
boopackboo::For a cornball brutha
boopackboo::Bitter little KY  fan
PalmBeachFinFan::flagged
nba is the worst::MiamiFan2004 We have already covered that.  You claimed it hadn't happened, but I showed a 19 point loss. Point being, they can lose by 19 and still get the title, but apparently if they lose by 20 they should just give up.  5 Minutes Ago · -=-=-  HEAT LOST BY 19 ON THE ROAD.  WHAT WAS THE WORST HOME LOSS?
MiamiFan2004::nba is the worst - MiamiFan2004 We have already covered that. You claimed it hadn't happened, but I showed a 19 point loss. Point being, they can lose by 19 and still get the title, but apparently if they lose by 20 they should just give up. 5 Minutes Ago · -=-=- HEAT LOST BY 19 ON THE ROAD. WHAT WAS THE WORST HOME LOSS?  It doesn't matter.  That was the point last time, and the point is still valid this time.
nba is the worst::BS - home losses &gt;&gt; road losses
Sickjeremiah::Watch this:  Good break down about MIAvsOKC !  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8OqOE5XazUg
fjzerpa::that awkward moment when you think the "nba is the worst" yet spends his christmas vacation on an NBA forum
PalmBeachFinFan::So sad and he knows it.
nba is the worst::So weak.  I'm having fun and passing time - you?
CubicleJoe::well, to be fair...we're all doing that.
web37182::Hello okc are already instant contenders. Some of u look too much into the regular season. Heat beating the thunder means nothing. Lakers knocking off knicks as well Relax its a long season....
nba is the worst::Heat have beat OKC 5 straight games, and Brooks has made ZERO adjustments defensively.  Seems to me that means something
CubicleJoe::agreed.  there is SOME significance to it.
MiamiFan2004::But it is all we have to talk about until we get to the playoffs.    Can we just be allowed to have some fun enjoying a win?  Thanks.
web37182::Enjoy the w like I said reg season means next to nothing baseball proves that unless fighting for a playoff spot.. Maimi ,okc San Antonio knicks are all safe.. So if Charlotte beats the heat 2nite the heat should be concerned. Of course not teams are going to not play well every night.. Chill out bro.
Sickjeremiah::Nba the worst needs to watch some bballbreakdown.  Doesn't know anything about basketball, the Knicks are going to fall flat later in the year.. But I guess you only follow stats. you wouldn't understand.
alexanderipa1020::avery bradley aka the savior aka the greatest basketball defensive stopper alive lol give me a break
boopackboo::And its not like Miami won in a shortened season last year..............oh wait
nba is the worst::Other teams lost players for the season (Boston's starting SG comes to mind)
CubicleJoe::OK, i will watch ray.  worst - it's still a level playing field.  bottom line is getting into the playoffs healthy.  both wade and bosh had injs during the playoffs and lebron filled the void by expanding his game.
boopackboo::See how your boy Ray is doing after playing a full season.
nba is the worst::It does when you consider that wade has never played a full season, and with 16 more games "might have" been unable to complete the playoffs.
CubicleJoe::the playoffs were not shortened.  it's not as if everyone else played 82 and the heat 66.  this makes zero sense.
nba is the worst::Blah blah blah, talk is cheap
Mr Shortpants::Only about 10% of the posts here have anything to do with this game. LeBron &gt; Durrant &gt; Melo. Deal with it.
CubicleJoe::i agree, but would argue that melo and durant are pretty much neck and neck.  and durant only has one 'r'.
BarrySandersfan21::All star starters  PG BJ Tyler SG joe Forte  SF Darius Miles PF Marcus Fizer C  Darko Milic   Can't nobody beat my team
PalmBeachFinFan::See. Nobody cares.
halo_master14@hotmail.com::Can you imagine if the Thunder had Harden right now?  They would be instant contenders.  Maybe they should try to trade for him...
BarrySandersfan21::Nobody can stop Irving from Cleveland
CubicleJoe::when i started on fox, i was in MN going to school
CubicleJoe::milwaukee, the beer capital of the universe.
CubicleJoe::heh?
nba is the worst::Wisconsin Joe just seems weird.  Whereabouts?  Milwaukee?  Madison?  Eau Claire???
CubicleJoe::i'm in WI again, and it's not too awful.  mid20s.
nba is the worst::Afternoon Minnesota - how's the weather up there?
fjzerpa::deserves a repeat:    Things we learned.   1. Miami can beat the top team in the West, AGAIN, while giving up twice as many FTs, and the haters will STILL try to blame it on the refs.  2. LeBron can be called for a foul when it is all ball, haters will think he deserves a flagrant.  3. Reggie Jackson is supposed to be allowed to plow through LeBron, and not get a call against him. Yet if LeBron had stood his ground, he would have been a thug for picking on a smaller player.  4. Westbrrok can flop into a stantion, with no problem, but if a Heat player is knocked to the ground, the NBA should fine them.
fjzerpa::Talk about this stretch, knicks lost in 5 games to the heat last year in the playoffs
nba is the worst::6 different players on this years' Knicks
nba is the worst::cake schedule, 12 of the last 14 at home, most opponents on the B2B, OKC playing terrible except for KD.  BFD
boopackboo::Gotta take care of the King
nba is the worst::The stretch of 12 of 14 games at home the heat have had since Nov 23
fjzerpa::what stretch are we talking about? This convo is about the game last night. OKC needs to worry about beating the clippers
nba is the worst::fjzerpa - OKC came in with 4 days rest... -=-=-  Only the 3rd team in that stretch to NOT be on the B2B
PalmBeachFinFan::You must get tired of typing this. Or do you just copy and paste?
fjzerpa::OKC came in with 4 days rest...
boopackboo::Saw this episode, all fluff and no facts
nba is the worst::PalmBeachFinFan - Worst- are you too embarrassed/ashamed to answer my question?  Just passing the time having fun.
nba is the worst::MiamiFan2004 - We have already covered that.   You claimed it hadn't happened, but I showed a 19 point loss.  Point being, they can lose by 19 and still get the title, but apparently if they lose by 20 they should just give up. -=-=- The 19-pt loss WAS ON THE ROAD
PalmBeachFinFan::Worst- are you too embarrassed/ashamed to answer my question?
MiamiFan2004::We have already covered that.   You claimed it hadn't happened, but I showed a 19 point loss.  Point being, they can lose by 19 and still get the title, but apparently if they lose by 20 they should just give up.
nba is the worst::MiamiFan2004 - nba is the worst - They will this year. Just 1/2 game out of 1st place, with a LOT more road games than the heat have played  2-2 in their last four home games, 2-3 overall, Knicks are not a true threat to the Heat, they are a pretender, just like last year.  They will face the Bulls or Celtics in the first round, and they will not even get to the second round. -=- Ah, there's the heat fan logic, "just like last year".  Did the heat lose at home by 20 (or even close to that) "last year"?
nba is the worst::try again - heat are 5-4 on the road
MiamiFan2004::nba is the worst - They will this year. Just 1/2 game out of 1st place, with a LOT more road games than the heat have played  2-2 in their last four home games, 2-3 overall, Knicks are not a true threat to the Heat, they are a pretender, just like last year.  They will face the Bulls or Celtics in the first round, and they will not even get to the second round.
beavis4play::nba is the worst - knicks have played 14 road games.....heat - 16.....
PalmBeachFinFan::Hey worst. Do you ever sit back and think about all the time that you have wasted commenting on Heat boards? It must be unfathomable.
nba is the worst::They will this year.  Just 1/2 game out of 1st place, with a LOT more road games than the heat have played
PalmBeachFinFan::Doubtful. They lost last night.
fjzerpa::knicks dont know what a second round looks like
boopackboo::Knicks like that answer.
fjzerpa::Then just look at the final score, that's the only fact that matters
YES MY CAPS LOCK IS ON::TOO MANY TEAMS AND TOO MANY GAMES  CUT THE NBA TO ABOUT HALF OF EVERYTHING AND IT MIGHT BE WATCHABLE
boopackboo::Don't do that. The LeBronaires can only win in a shortened season
halo_master14@hotmail.com::cut you in half instead!
halo_master14@hotmail.com::typing would be more fun if everything was lowercased though
YES MY CAPS LOCK IS ON::BUT THEN EVERYTHING WOULD BE LOWER CASED
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::YES MY CAPS LOCK IS ON Ignore WHY DOES ANYBODY EVEN WATCH REGULAR SEASON NBA GAMES?    HALF OF THE LEAGUE MAKES IT TO THE PLAYOFFS ANYWAY. 2 fans like this.  Heat-Heat-Heat-Heat-Heat-Heat-Heat-Heat-Heat-Heat-Heat-Heat-Heat-Heat-Heat-Heat  You mean like every/most other sports league right? Handful of teams make it right?
boopackboo::Only like hockey, and wait there is no more hockey.
Fredhowwwy::Ok lads go to hell! :) see ya there.
halo_master14@hotmail.com::James Harden is averaging 25.7 ppg, 5.4 apg, and 4.5 rpg
beavis4play::and rockets are barely .500 while thunder are 21-6. not to mention thunder FT and 3-point shooting % are both up over last year.
TheAstrosAndCowboys::Yeah, their %s are up but would be even higher if they traded Westbrick instead of Harden.  Harden will turn out to be the better player of the two...wait, he already is better.  Westbrick is playing with the best scorer in the game yet is averaging LESS points on MORE shots than Harden.
nba is the worst::Easy schedule makes OKC's record deceptive
Bamm7272::NBA is the Worst logic: Heat wont make the Finals because the Knicks beat them twice in the regular season. It'll be the Knicks!  Chicago has swept the Knicks so far. NBA is the worst: Oh cr$p
nba is the worst::Obviously the knicks better avoid the bulls - or maybe get the 5 players missing from those 2 losses back on the court ;)
Bamm7272::No comments from Worst? Trying to understand her logic here.
YES MY CAPS LOCK IS ON::DID ANYONE SEE CATWOMAN BECOME A HOOKER!? TALK ABOUT A SHOCKER!
