Kia Dat Slimbby::PPPPPPOOOOORRRRTTTTTLLLAAAAANNNNDDDD
Bbee Sosa::I like Kevin Durant.
Kia Dat Slimbby::Bbee Sosa u may like durant but he aint ishh with out west & now u know it!!!!!!
Nick Hastings::TRAILLLLLBLAZERS!!!!!
Shawn Bento::OKC folded like a tent.  Just got plain outplayed.
Kevin Walker::portland is 2-0 vs OKC and someway, somehow... the talking heads will still try to convince us that okc is better than portland
Todd Shaw::Its cause we in portland dont have a sexy team the only way aldridge even gets in all-star game is voted by the coaches.
Nick Hastings::Blazers are looking sexier n sexier. 5 solid front liners, LaMarcus to Batum. Including Lilliard. And Wes. Five wide gets you in stride. Whoop whoop!!!
Eric Johnson::Shhhhh, to all the Blazers-Haters!
Meron Foto::WOW----- Blazers completely shut down Durant in 4th.
Nick Hastings::Batum shut 'i
James D. Smith::Portland vs OKC?? 2-0
Laurel Spitzer::Portland plays no defense they are a mirage!
Bart Rowe::Laurel Spitzer - Kay. A mirage that's 2-0 against the Thunder, so...
Fiti Bear::Laurel Spitzer  they play Defense that's how they beated twice OKC spurs and INDY
Jeff Anderson::wow, the thunder just GOT SERVED at home by the best team in the Western Conference. Preview of the playoffs...
Corey Ledford::I wouldn't classify a 4 point loss without Westbrook as "getting served".
Noah Peart::Corey Ledford i would
Yuriy Townsend::Corey Ledford many of okc fans were saying u guys are better with jackson starting.....hmmm
Dot Humps::Holdin em to 16 fourth quarter points.  Now that's bringin the D!  Finally!!  Rip City!!!!  2-0 on OKC so far so good!  Great comeback win on the road. Happy New Year sports fans!!!
Meron Foto::Thanks for the New Year present Blazers. Finally played great D and shut down Durant....... which is impressive.
Meron Foto::Sekou Garrett  BADLY.
Meron Foto::Sekou Garrett  They need to improve on their D badly man. Their offense is one of the best in NBA but you won't go that far without defense. We all know that.
Manning Chuor::Sekou Garrett Too bad that they only play the Heat twice this season...
Jack Dolley::Congrats Thunder, looks like you blew this one.
Aron Zoltan Laszik::really? looks like the refs blew this one to me. most points KD scores in 4th end up with some bs call like no continuation(on obvious continuation) moving screen on set feet and a whole lotta other crap
Jack Dolley::Aron Zoltan Laszik I'm watching Gamecast so I'll take your word for it lol
Tyrus C. Humphrey::Aron Zoltan Laszik LOL Blaming the Refs.
Isaiah Smith::Portland Exposed
Meron Foto::Ohhh?? Is that why OKC lost to them in Portland??
Isaiah Smith::Meron Foto By the help of the refs.
Meron Foto::Isaiah Smith  Sure sure
Will Schmitz::It is so fun watching my Thunder. Although I believe we're a better team with Westbrook, it's like we unleash a whole new beast without Westbrook. Reggie Jackson plays outstanding defense, I think even better than Westbrook. He finishes at the rim better than any OKC player I've seen since Harden, and I'd even go as far as saying he's the best guard in the game at finishing at the rim. I absolutely love this guy. People laughed at me when I said last year "Am I crazy to think Reggie Jackson could be a right-handed Harden?" and now most analysts are touting Jackson as the games best best sixth-man. He still isn't Harden (yet), but this guy gets better every game, and we're extremely lucky to have him. Lastly, Jackson is the 4th leading scorer on OKC's roster. Yes, the 4th. Just think of the numbers he would put up if he were the number 1 scorer for a team. ... Hope we don't lose him to free agency at the end of next season.
Trevor Scott Alexander::You guys could get a couple of great players for Russell. I wonder if the front office has looked into trading him with the monster Reggie is becoming. It's pretty impressive how all your draft picks (Serge, Durant, Westbrook, Reg, Lamb) have worked
Trevor Scott Alexander::and Harden
Katelyn Gregg::Really? I mean he is serviceable but I think you are defiantly reaching lol. Let's see a bigger body of work before we start saying all that
Marcleen Bavogui::lmao i said yesterday u need to know how to defend , cause the other team is a good defensive team-- and they can match u offensively
Alec Gonzalez::Rofl OKC SCORING AT WILL!!
Jeremy Ennion::well at least they were...dang you got so excited...it was really cute
Bryce Morgan::sadly they forgot how to score in the second half :)
Nick Hastings::D'Oh!!! Nic Batum put the collar on KD, and the result is a W for the Blazers. Excellent resiliency men.
Tanner Pratt::I called it at the beginning of the year but I really do believe the Blazers are the real deal. I don't think they will make it that far in playoffs (depending on injuries to them and others), but that is mostly because they later part of their bench needing a little more experience. But with the young players they have and the way they have developed their players I think this team will soon be a "Big Three" with Lilliard, Batum and Aldridge. Not a Blazers fan either…. Just saying
Michael Wyatt::If the Blazers can win even one playoff series, their fans will be thrilled.
Dave Schwab::Go Blazers. They are in every game. Young Strong and a year away form beating everyone. The only thing the "Status Quo" can do is tear them down at every chance. They Don't play defense, They rely on the three, They are that good and will beat you their way. Look out "Status Quo" Here comes PDX 503 and you have to take it!!!!!!
Timmy Chan::good game portland! Thunder fan here, the better team won and not the refs We do need Westbrook back though! HE is so vital to the team. Durant didn't play well in the 4th, but it is going to happen and the blazers played great Defense on him, I think it's too early to call him a complete choke artist just yet
Todd Shaw::No one is calling him that! Portland fan here and everyone regrets picking Oden i hope to see a portland OKC west finals both teams math up well. You guys need westbrook and blazers need mccullom coming off the bench to give scoring with mo will.
Timmy Chan::Todd Shaw agreed!
Ayn Bland::Something only briefly touched upon by sports media as they pump the Pacers is that Durant+Jackson is even more potent than Durant+Westbrook..  It's way too early to tell, but I'm all for speculation; is it possible that the Thunder is better with Jackson as starting PG?
Geno Rice::I totally agree. Less turnovers more disciplined and distributes better. Oh and plays way better defense than westbrook.
Trevor Scott Alexander::Imagine who They could get for Westbrook too. That would be frightening if they traded him for 2 or 3 really good players. That team would be a complete load.
Bryce Morgan::Trevor Scott Alexander Westbrook for a center, and its over
Ibarra Jaime::I was so pissed the whole game watching all the illegal moving pick by the thunders. Why are the referees so blind it almost cost us this game. Perkins is an illegal pick machine watch out closely.
Jacob Aaron Trevino::Trading Westbrook Will Be A Big Mistake. Westbrook is the best all around player on the team. There is nobody worth the trade for westbrook
Ayn Bland::Except that the most potent lineups don't include Westbrook.  It's something to consider and you know Presti has.
Matt Boggus::But, but, but, OKC is without Westbrook, no chance now.... LMAO!
Ron Williamson::Tuurrible team!
Woodrow Wilson::The Blazing Blazers ain't no joke
Laurel Spitzer::YES THEY ARE!
David Kramer::Laurel Spitzer you're a joke --
Nick Hastings::The joke's in your hand, David Kramer. Blazers are here to stay, get used to it beeyotch.
James D. Smith::Hope OKC fans learn from this.
Corey Ledford::Learn from what? Any reasonable Thunder fan knows this team just isn't the same without a healthy Westbrook.
Jeff Elkins::we learned that we should be reassured what a cockass terry stotts and joey crawford are.
James D. Smith::Learn that cocky fans don't equal wins.
Alex Holden::I notice that when Portland plays a team that has defense they play defense and win. Wherever they play a team with just offense the play just offense and they out score the team and win. So the way I see it no matter how the other team plays Portland can play the same way. I honestly think Portland is the team to beat. Just saying. Go Portland!!!
Michael Killebrew::As a Spurs fan, I must admit these teams are a problem because they have athletes up and down the roster. That has been what we lack the last few seasons. Pop sacrificed athletes for system players. We need more athletes or we could be ousted by teams much like Portland and OKC.
