Reality_And_Truth::Greg Monroe is going to be a player.......
Toomersforever::Another good win on the court for the Hawks. Furthermore, who cares how many ppl are in the stands on  a wed night against a crap team? Honestly. Attendance does not mean crap. However, it will be sold out when the C-words get to town. Go Hawks!
DawgsBravesFalconsHawks::People just want a REAL WINNER with superstars and real title hopes. During that time, the Pistons had that. I noticed something about Hawks attendance trends. After being in the 13,000-14,000 attendance range....once the Hawks finally started making the playoffs again and seemed to be this "growing, young" team that would blossom into title contenders soon, from 2007-2010 attendance climbed by 2,000-3,000. The Hawks then (now) have seemed to have hit a "peak" (2nd round) and management seems to be fine with that and didnt make any MAJOR moves to improve the team...the "young, growing team that will blossom into title contenders" niche is gone. They are a veteran middle of the pack play off team now, and guess what? it's dropped back down to the 14,000s.
DawgsBravesFalconsHawks::If you want to talk about bandwagoning, in 2004, when all things were well in Detroit. The Pistons lead the NBA with an average crowd of 21,000 a night. Fast forward to 2012, and the Pistons are 27th at 14,000 a night.
longhornsin2012::I've been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching  the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for anyone out there that is looking for a system that actually works because this system has really helped me to start winning finally
Dom.E.::Last night, Pistons blow out Cleveland by 39 points... Tonight, Pistons blown out by Atlanta by 32 points...  And yet, Fox Sports Detroit decided that the Pistons should take precedence over the Tigers since we all know that the Pistons are going to the playoffs this year..  Oh, wait!  THEY"RE NOT?  Well, I hope enough people watched the dismal Pistons to pay FSD's bills because those of us without cable boxes couldn't watch the Tigers.
longhornsin2012::I don't know what score your looking at fool the Pistons got spanked tonight. You didn't beat Atlanta by 32 points. Your seeing the score backwards ya gumby
trademarktaz::I prefer to watch the Pistons over the Tigers personally, but I understand how you feel.
dgreen978::Boston vs Atlanta.  this series is the one I am looking forward to and I could care less about the regular season record because these two teams play extremely physical.  Boston will not have the benefit of the refs, that distinction is for chicago or miami so if KG lose his temper in this series and shoved a ref, he should get a suspension.  A lot is on the line for both teams and I know Boston does not want to lose in the first round but I believe atlanta owe boston one.
texasrocks123456::The Hawks are in playoff mode. I bet we stop Boston into the dirt on friday. The Hawks are primed for a deep playoff run when Horford returns.
Reality_And_Truth::Drew is a terrible coach...the weak link in the Hawks.....
theprodctz::Attendance: 14,392  Support your local team!
TomaHawk238::where were you?
trademarktaz::Support... Hawks... in ATL? LOL
chuck101923::hey hawks fans...........CELTICS WILL MURDER YOUR TEAM IN ROUND 1 LOL
J-SMOOVE2070::WE WILL LOSE TO THE KNICKS AND WIN THE REST.
AtlantaWarrior77::i could have sworn some 1 predicted 116- 86 before the game... NICE
HotspurBAE::Win by almost 50 the night before, then lose by 30+.  I see how it is...
Tonymojo3::who thinks hawks will win all the games remaining? If not, which will they loose?
aftern9ne::Hawks will probably lose to Clippers and Mavs. We don't have enough inside game.
kmoney423::Tmac dropped 17!!!
6dboss9::save it for the playoffs Hawks
thegoodwitch666::pargo green tmac marvin and johnson too much for them...  starters must have enjoyed that
brad3788::pistons are ballin
mngmikes::blow one team out by nearly 50... next day get blown out by 30 smh these pistons are a mess
trademarktaz::Austin Daye and Charlie V were big contributors, that should tell you enough.
brad3788::cancer patient
thegoodwitch666::knight was aberration
JulioJonesBrother::Dude, they're BEASTING at tanking.
thegoodwitch666::16 and ten.. cmon lettim get to 20
Demonjoe93::We need to keep Ivan around for next season He's really something.
thegoodwitch666::like with lin
thegoodwitch666::cudn't they match
JulioJonesBrother::Need to re-sign him before someone offers him max money. Couple teams already interested.
Empire_State_Of_Mind_NY::These men shouldnt be forced to play in a 3rd world dump like Detroit
trademarktaz::They don't play in Detroit, they play in Auburn Hills, Michigan, one of the nicest cities in the country.
Reality_And_Truth::Down the road from that Hell Whole known as Detroit.......
JulioJonesBrother::Ivan won't garner any serious ROY voting but he really has been great for us this year. When I saw him the first game (I believe the Nets game, 1st of the year), he did ok and I thought "Oh what a nice story, a guy from the D-League to the NBA." He's a legit player, always gives 110%, and doesn't back down.
thegoodwitch666::who wud have thot atl, with same starters mostly, cud be so different this year
thegoodwitch666::nice to imagine adding ivan and horford to playoff rotation      zaza needs to heal too...     and hinrich too...  very interesting not to mention tmac willie janero...  don't overlook hawks
trademarktaz::He'll be a great bench player, doubt he ever becomes a full time starter. He totally destroyed the D-League, you should see some of his stats there lol.
Sonic_speed1::I'm glad he's on our team
JulioJonesBrother::Me too sonic, me too.
Empire_State_Of_Mind_NY::Havana, Cuba Poverty Rate &lt; Detroit Poverty Rate
JulioJonesBrother::That's cool. Get a life.
thegoodwitch666::ivan zeroing in on twenty and ten
atlphillip::This game has become a complete joke lol Hawks just toying with them
BillyCrashCraddock::Rodney Stuckey's Salary &gt; Detroit Sanitation Departments'
Empire_State_Of_Mind_NY::When 3/5 of your city is vacant, decaying homes and factories........you're 3rd world status. Detoilet, Michigan.
pistonfanstill::IF NYC is the best we can do THEN we have failed.
trademarktaz::it's him arguing with some guy who hates detroit. must have got his feelings hurt when he came here :)
Michael Bibby XIV::Why don't you go tell this to New Yorkers instead of spamming a board that has nothing to do with them?
pistonfanstill::NY is so arrogant that they even named a city FLUSHING.
Michael Bibby XIV::Great win for the Hawks.  Also, how crazy is it that the Pistons won by 40 points the other night and now they're about to lose by 40?
pistonfanstill::NYC needs the entire Atlantic Ocean to flush its toilets.
TheHoMaster::T-MAC!
pistonfanstill::NYC uses more fresh water than any other city on earth to flush the masses of fecal matter from the most pompous egotistical producers of nothing in thge world.
pistonfanstill::NYC wants to be the Center of everything. they are the center, the center of the drain in a toilet.
Hurricane3290::Coming from a Detroit fan? lol.
BillyCrashCraddock::Nickleback Tour Revenue &gt; Detroit Annual Budget
pistonfanstill::NYC is so desperate the city brought property on the Prime Meridian in Greenwich, England so they can be on the same Longitude as the City of LONDON
Empire_State_Of_Mind_NY::Kid, just give up. NYC and Tokyo are the two powerhouses that run the world. Detroit is one of the biggest failures of a city in this nations history.
Empire_State_Of_Mind_NY::Detroit = Poster Child for Urban Decay
pistonfanstill::NYC a wannabe LONDON
Empire_State_Of_Mind_NY::except much larger....and a much larger producer of revenue. Yeah right son.
pistonfanstill::NYC condemned by the Bible as the Great Babylon
pistonfanstill::NYC the source of all that wrong in the USA and much of the world
pistonfanstill::NY the Empire State of Cowardice
pistonfanstill::NYC favorite animal  Hyena and the snake
Jeff_ Teague::It was weird, when I went to Detroit the abandoned warehouses outnumbered the people in the city.
Empire_State_Of_Mind_NY::Name one major city with a higher poverty rate than Detroit...I'll be waiting lol.
Empire_State_Of_Mind_NY::you dont know much about D.C. I see.
thegoodwitch666::d.c?
BillyCrashCraddock::Detroit Crack Sales &gt; Detroit Tourism Receipts
pistonfanstill::NYC nicknames  Den of Thieves.
pistonfanstill::NYC the World's Capital of Pomposity and Inflated Ego
pistonfanstill::NYC packing houses use human flesh for the meat saugages.
killerkev369::Pistons suck haha #gocavs
