Scott Boyle::Plum lee looks like he really upped his game. Bledsoe and Dragic are players. Suns have a good core going forward. Just don't win 30 this year boys.
Eric Evans::30 was my prediction for the season sorry no sure thing having the worst record to get # 1 pick no matter what they will be one of the worst 8 teams so who cares if they win 30 or 40.  Suns should get one of the studs and 2 or 1 other great pick with trading 2 others for an All star future is bright and the team is going to be fun to watch this year.
John Jensen::Blazers make the playoffs this year.  Sorry Suns your going to be 0-1after tonight!
Adam Rodriguez::Playoffs??? I dont think so???
Cody Palmer::It's happening. Get over it
Paul Friedrich::Adam Rodriguez  I do... There's depth inside this year. If Batum stays healthy it's going to be awesome.
Jim Diveley::Solid effort last night fellas!  We have a very young team with athleticism.  It'll will be a fun season to watch for sure!
Jon Bolitho::Playing for 1st! As in lottery!!!
Aston Thomas Hayden::Yeah! You got it.  Anyone else wanna jump on my "Andrew Wiggins 2k14" campaign?
Matt Cowlishaw::12 points from the "revamped" bench, eh Portland. Fml. Aldridge and Lillard had 60, everyone else 31. Yikes.
Paul Friedrich::Hey Nic Batum; Point forward to a win in Phoenix. let's get this regular season rolling Rip City style.
Zachary Clark::so rip city style means losing to a team that hopes to win about 25 - 30 games this year?   lol just giving you a hard time i like portland hopefully they can grab a playoff seed this year
Kenny Zinke::In the first quarter, the Phoenix Suns scored 30 points and an additional 31 points in the third quarter defeating the Portland Trail Blazers, 104-91.
Chi-Town Custom Cornhole Boards::Robin Lopez 3 points, 2 rebounds, 2 assists, 2 steals in 34 minutes??  When is Meyers Leonard going to start?
Cordell Ingram::WE CLEARLY lost this game lol. If it wasn't for the Refs sucking us off all second half we would of lost by double digits... But hey w.e. lol.
Bill Golamb::From the looks of it, Plumlee should have received a LOT more run in IND. Oh, well. Their loss.
Jeffrey M. Vigneault::I'm impressed.. Idk what's gonna happen but they looked great
Sau Kweng Tan::I really wish we can have Bledsoe back
Anthony Arnold-White::how about dem SUNS?!!!
Brandon Duenas::#TankForWiggins GO SUNS
Will Barker::Lets go Suns! It's time we get back to the playoffs this year!
Jaziel Salgado::lol
Will Barker::Jaziel Salgado haha Nothing wrong with hoping, right? :)
Kevin Huffman::Ro. Lopez looks statistically like he had an awful game here - opposing center in his first start gets 18 & 15?!?!?  Goes 1-4 from the floor and 1-4 from the line?!?!?!  Why not slide Aldridge to center & play Robinson more than 9 MINUTES?!?!?  Was prductive in his mins. 2-3 from the floor for 4 Pts. & 2 Rebs.  The team had made it seem like they'd like to "give him more run" and then they hardly played him at all.  The only one on the team with a + +/-...+3 when he was out there.
Adam Monda::Because the Blazers have a terrible coach who doesn't know how to adapt change during a game.
Matt Semperboni::Maybe the Blazers should be the ones tanking for Wiggins...embarrassing performance tonight. No help whatsoever for Lillard and Aldridge and bad defense just like last year. Better step it up or we'll be counting down the days till Aldridge is demanding a trade to a contender.
Fjodor Balla::Lillard and Aldridge don't help their teammates either.Lillard was torched by Dragic and Bledsoe and Aldridge went for 4 reb and 2 ast in 40 mins.He's not a playmaker, thats why his teams have always sucked and will continue to suck.
Adam Isbell::Remember when all the Suns fans were begging to tank at the beginning of last year for Shabazz? Then started begging for McLemore? I know Wiggins is one of the highest rated guys in awhile, but let's calm down on the riggin for Wiggins stuff, maybe until he gets real games under his belt? I still want the best for my Suns but I don't wanna give my hopes up.
Remington Brown::I want the suns to tank the year cause we are in a rebuild mode. The 2014 draft is suppose to be the best draft in a decade. By getting a top 3 pick and get the big contracts off the team we will have probably have the most cap out of all the team in the offseason and if the suns can get wiggins, parker or randle we will be in a good spot
Meron Foto::So this the improved Blazers?? Mann...... Sometimes it just sucks being a Rip City fan. I hope we aren't gonna go thru another painful rebuilding year. What is it--- 13 years since we won a playoff series?
McMatty::Phoenix has not changed its address from last season: Western Conference basement. They will be the last-place team in the Western Conference. Also, they'll make me sad whenever those uniforms conjure up memories of last decade's best basketball viewing experience. Has a professional sports franchise ever so quickly gone from "most exciting" to "most boring"?
Tyler Moss::Most exciting?
Jaziel Salgado::Tyler Moss Hes talking about the run-n-gun days when the Suns were the NBA's most entertaining team to watch with Nash, Stoudemire, and Marion running up an down the floor.
Trenton Corea::It's now warp drive! Ignite the future!!
Matt Semperboni::Blazers would start out like this, letting Miles Plumlee tear up their defense and get 2 blocks...but hey Philly beat the Heat. I guess anything can happen in one game.
Jeremy Ennion::Great, all the Free agent pick-ups and the blazers still can't play D.  Lillard let dragic go for 26?  what a joke
Kunal Dutta::Phoenix is currently in 1st in the West right now; enjoy it....
Robert Fanslau::blazer fans wanna run that playoff talk by me again? very high and mighty before playing your first minute of the season
Cordell Ingram::As a phoenix fan we easily lost this game, the Refs sucked us off alllll game lolol. I was dying laughing.
Tyler Moss::Can't wait to see the Blazers bench eat up a bunch of minute against one of the teams worst in the Suns. Keep those starters fresh
