GreNa78::The only player on the Mavs roster I truly feel for is Carter, as he seemed to be the only one giving full effort night in and night out throughout the season. The same can't be said about the rest of the player, and that includes Dirk. He performances in the last few weeks leave a lot to be desired. He came up short when the team needed him the most.
20MavZ09::Thank u mr Cuban.....
Ugly Earl::Just took him too long to get healthy
GreNa78::That's true, but he was starting to show flashes of the old Dirk about 3-4 weeks ago. And then all of a sudden in the last few weeks he kind of went AWOL for them. I don't know what happened.
WatchOut2007::Thought the beards were coming down after playing one of the leagues worst.  A heartless performance ensures the Mavs will be growing them out all off season.  Message to Cuban, please be more involved this off season and keep your MFFL believing that you are in it to win it.
ATLANTA BRAVES TOMAHAWK CHOP::Adios Mavs fans.
Ugly Earl::I put a lot of blame on the training staff and Dirk. He should've had surgery after last year's first round exit.
requiem4agreen::Have a nice summer, hope you catch a lot of fish.  XD
argenis fradique::And with their first round draft pick the Dallas Mavericks select Brittney Griner, lmao.   Ya Cuban!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
MavsNSaints::No need to be dramatic, we all knew this was coming.  Were you guys really putting that much faith into our 1.5% chance of making the playoffs?  Our first lottery pick in 13 seasons ain't that bad. Stop all of the whining, Dirk is my homeboy and Cuban won't strike out again this offseason.
netjunkie88::What an epic way to flush the season. Shave the beards, go home and don't come back to the court until you grow some man parts. Vince is the only one who looks like he gives a damn. How sad.
asdfboost::i don't blame Cuban for not signing Chandler (and great goodness we didn't sign fatboy Williams). that would have hurt the long term future esp with Dirk having just 1 year left.
argenis fradique::BEARDS LIVE, lol, can't even beat a 20 win team at home- how pathetic. I hope they keep their word and let them grow into next season!!
BXwarriorBX::mavs wont be in the playoffs for a few seasons look at the roster dirk will be 35 soon
Balticplayer::Dirk with a +21 and the Mavs still lost by 11. Wow this teams sucks way more than I thought.
-Mavs-Fan-::Thanks a lot Cubes. You've managed to take us from the top of the mountain down to the depths of hell in record time. No playoff basketball at all this year is just shameful. Fix the team or sell up already. Plan Powder is bogus.
LetsGoMavs-::Mavs have offically been eliminated from the playoffs for the first time in 13 years. This is so sad :(
tracyllrkn::Even if we would have kept that 2011 championship, we wouldn't have gone far. We would get kicked out the first round.
Eg214::Not first Round With tyson dirk jet and kidd by them selfs would get u to the WCF
thelakerfn34::Sad it had to be this way. As a laker fan the playoffs just won't be the same without the mavs. Congrats though on a great playoff run over the past 13 years.
zeasoldy::Tell the team not to shave til end of next year.  No one will want to play d on them next season. LOL  -laker fan
arrogantespncommenter10::Pretty cocky for someone who's team is fighting for the 8 seed.
This-is-easy::For all the Mavs haters on this site, no one is more angrier at what Cuban did to this team than the people in Dallas.  So please don't say we gave away a championship team.  That was all Mark Cuban and his hair brained ideas that the team who had just won a championship wasn't good enough to repeat.  Blame Cuban, not Mavs fans.  This team and Mark Cuban have been an embarassment to Dallas.
rob7544::If you are blaming Cuban for a lousy season then you must give him props for a Championship ,2 finals, 13 years in the playoffs. Do you folks not remember how bad the Mavs were? I had season tickets when Mike Izolino was the starting PG
texaspride4932::Exactly right--this non-playoff season is 100% the fault of Cuban.
pword9d8::You're delusional to say that cuban was the best NBA owner.  Jerry Buss was hands down.
mallow23::Dallas was a cellar dweller for years, until cuban owned them. Best may be a little stretch, but the dude has completely turned a franchise with little resources into one of the top in the league
mallow23::Cubans antics seemed funny in years past, this year everything seemed to change. Funny what winning does. But he is a competitor in everything he does, so let's hope he makes the changes needed.
mallow23::All i can say is i hope this year was a reality check for everyone involved in the Mavs organization
This-is-easy::I would like to trust him, but I really don't think he's interested in this team anymore.  He's only interested in being on TV.  He used to be the best owner in the NBA but now he's the laughing stock of the NBA.
jsteam218::how do you underestimate any team when every game is a must win game?
Beanslams46::By not getting to .500 the mavs have vowed to never shave their beards, but also hiding the razors in protest of drafting the beast-girl Griner.
texasghost2014::Wouldn't surprise me if Mavs purposely let this game go to a team that was dead last in the conference to angle for a lottery ball.  But honestly...what difference will it make in the NBA Draft?  Cuban is going to make a mockery of the draft and take Brittney Griner.  I think Cuban likes to sometimes think he's Jerry Jones.  Yeah you get the spotlight...yeah the cameras will be on you.  But the losses are going to get destructive for the next 5 years to this team.
defenderofthefaith7::Griner is more manly then half the Mavs current roster.
This-is-easy::I totally agree.  He terribly over reacted by destroying the 2011 team.  He was the only NBA owner who destroyed his team for the new CBA.  He could have kept some of the players and still he would have been OK when the CBA takes affect this July.  Building a team from scratch takes years so Mavs fans get ready to hate him for a long time.  Jerry Jones still hasn't figured it out in 17 years.
mallow23::He will not draft Griner, this is cuban we are talking about. He wants the flashy headlines
mallow23::that was a really, really stupid suggestion by him. Wow i forgot about that lol damn you for bringing that up
Beanslams46::he wanted championship bracelets, what a girly man
defenderofthefaith7::Earl K. Sneed   http://t.co/VuP1mmXoAI's instant analysis of the @DallasMavs' 102-91 loss to the Suns  The instant analysis is that the Mavs suck
This-is-easy::Really?  Blame Cuban!
defenderofthefaith7::Earl K. Sneed   After the Lakers' 113-106 win in Portland, the @DallasMavs are now officially eliminated from playoff contention.
Allen6338::Dallas Mavericks are just like the present day Dallas Cowboys all talk no action in the end!
20MavZ09::Dirk- 1 ring....romo-0
mallow23::Where was this talk that rivals what the cowboys get?
HurricaneHamlin::Except the Mavs have won a championship recently.
DefiantKai::Dallas got trolled by the Lakers 3 TIMES!  1)Traded for a good-for-nothing Lamar Kardashian 2)Fisher dumped them 3)Lakers kicked them out of playoffs  OUCH!
MavsNSaints::Dirk never got swept by Kobe though.
netjunkie88::The sad-sack Suns kicked them out which is even worse.
mallow23::Lakers kicking them out is a stretch, Lamar Kardashian was a complete disaster i will give you that one. what a tool bag,
Allen6338::Glad Cuban stupid team is out of the playoffs he is a jerk anyway!
defenderofthefaith7::The Suns end their 9 game losing streak by going into Dallas and beating the Mavs.  In the process the Mavs have been eliminated from the playoffs.  That's too funny.  Being eliminated by the worst team in the conference.
Orange you glad I didnt say banana::And Phoenix wasn't even trying to win LOL
mallow23::Well at least we aren't breaking the bank to fight for the 8 seed
This-is-easy::defenderofthefaith7 - You want to talk injuries.  Howard missed many games.  Nash, Pau and Blake all missed nearly half the season.  World Peace missed many games and Hill is out for the season.  Despite all these injuries they still bested the Mavs.  Don't brag about a team with 3 of the top superstars in the NBA barely making 8 place in the playoffs and beating a team with only one superstar.  Every time I think the Mavs are at an all time low, I look at the Lakers and say WOW!  You're more losers than we are.
mallow23::Oh good reply. lol you must be one of those all knowing type "fans" Heartbroken? hardly. You will be out first round as would we. Nothing to be heartbroken over. Just happy to know they have money to make changes
HurricaneHamlin::The Lakers are more of an embarrassment than the Mavs are. Everyone expected the Mavs to be around the eighth seed, not the Lakers.
defenderofthefaith7::Mallow, your arguments are weak and you really are just embarrassing yourself.  I know your all hurt and heartbroken that your team got eliminated tonight but that is no excuse to ramble on about nonsense.
mallow23::I am talking our one star, as in if kobe was injured half the year where would the lakers be? not a roster that has many capable players. Really you wanna compare the lakers roster to the mavs this year? World peace has not missed "many" games either. Still bested the mavs? Was that the accomplishment you were hoping when making these pick ups?
defenderofthefaith7::You want to talk injuries.  Howard missed many games.  Nash, Pau and Blake all missed nearly half the season.  World Peace missed many games and Hill is out for the season.  Despite all these injuries they still bested the Mavs.
mallow23::Chandler, that is the only really bad move. Others were role players that can be replaced. Dirk was out almost half the year and we still made a run for the lakers
defenderofthefaith7::No, you would rather just throw away players that won a championship.
FreeLobsters::This board is dead like the Mavs.
Orange you glad I didnt say banana::Dallas LMAO!!!!
whydavid::Ugh, we let Cleveland make up a whole game in the reverse standings today.  If we finish ahead of Cleveland AND the Lakers make the playoffs, it's going to put me over the edge.  Get that loser Dragic out of there until he swallows his dignity and starts tanking with the others.
wilsonbyron::why is the recap for this game in all-bold.
mallow23::It is changed now
mallow23::Just to embarrass us mav fans even more ha
Howdy220::Was wondering the same thing.
mallow23::http://sports.yahoo.com/news/nba--what-short-circuited-serious-plans-for-dwight-howard-and-chris-paul-to-play-together-in-dallas--110112.html  now lets all read this and hate Howard even more lol
stempy77::lets just hope the mavs don't use those $2 obe blade razors to shave or the next game we see they'll have scars all over their $@%!$@% face. those things are brutal and i'd never recommend them to anyone.
agricultureGnome_32::Probably already been discussed but does this mean they keep growing the beards during the offseason if they dont get to .500?
stempy77::agricultureGnome_32 - Probably already been discussed but does this mean they keep growing the beards during the offseason if they dont get to .500?  no.
jrr1505::no way, dirk should just say screw it and shave it tonight
LetsGoMavs-::they will keep it for motivation for next season to make the playoffs j/k. They need to remove those beards. Especially Dirk!!
mallow23::Was wondering if anyone else noticed the other night; why did Carlisle keep Dirk on the bench when Portland cut a 20 point lead to 3 in the 4th?
LetsGoMavs-::I think Dirk was injured
jrr1505::Everyone but Dirk and B Wright need to bounce
jrr1505::Mayo just doesn't do it for me. I hate how he is so hot and cold, I think he is a mediocre player and Memphis figured that out. Vince can stay for what we are paying him.
mallow23::Keep carter around for another, doesn't have to be a starter. Good mentor and he has hit some big shots this year.
mallow23::Which would take a hell of a surprise deal lol
LetsGoMavs-::Agreed. Keep Carter since he's a veteran and were only paying him 3 million. It's a good deal  Only way we should trade Carter is if we get some very good young talent for him
WhyThisKnicksTape::oj mayo?
Marqui6852::Idk Mayo is a player the mavs have to really think about.
LetsGoMavs-::No. Mayo sucks as starter. Only way we bring him back is if he is ok with 4 million and will take the bench role
mallow23::bounce for sure
Marqui6852::Mavs fans we will get through this we have already been through alot anyway.
LetsGoMavs-::Yea I think most Mavs fans will give Cuban a pass for 1 bad year. Next year we have to be back to contender mode hopefully
vickfan770::time to draft Griner
mallow23::Sure wish we could have kept Jordan Hamilton around in a season like this
LetsGoMavs-::is he any good? I never see Denver use him
mallow23::Exactly, Morrow hasn't even gotten a chance. Sucks to see
LetsGoMavs-::That is what I don't like about Rick. He doesn't give enough minutes to everyone. Morrow can shoot lot better than Mayo IMO
mallow23::lol me too anymore. Why did we trade for him? to look good on the bench?
LetsGoMavs-::Agreed. I'd even rather see Morrow than Mayo
mallow23::I think he was playing towards the beginning, haven't seen him around lately tho. Just think a year like this would be the time to see what he has. Couldn't be much worse than mayo lately
asd4247::lol @ the garbage Lakers fighting for an 8th seed with that giant payroll
Trolls say the same thing::LMAO  BUM MAVS FAN
kunmingfling::Lakers' owners are willing to pay tens of millions on luxury tax just so LA has a fighting chance for the title... even if they don't make it to the playoffs, Lakers Nation are grateful for Buss family's sacrifice and gamble...  Can the same be said for Cuban, who dismantled a championship team with Tyson &amp; JJ for the sake of minimizing costs and maximizing profits?  Think long and hard about that Dallas before liking the above comment.
LetsGoMavs-::Mayers Leonard is horrible. Draft bust
pwn4suns::This is how stupid the Suns organization is.  We get a 2nd lotto pick of LA doesn't make the playoffs.  So what do we do?  Beat one of the teams that could compete for the 8th spot and knock LA into the lotto.  This is our genius at work.
Marqui6852::Yea the suns organizaton has been horrible. They have alot of decent talent. Don't know what to do with it though.
LetsGoMavs-::I've never seen the Mavs draft in the lottery. This is will be my first time seeing it. Hopefully the ping pong balls land us a top 5 picks
still ringless::It's been a while.
mallow23::lol ouch
still ringless::I thought Marion said he wouldn't show up for a non-contending team.
pwn4suns::I think Marion is the genius who said he wanted to win the lottery so he'd have some real money right after signing a 100m contract.
Marqui6852::I forgot Dirk is close to scoring his 25,000 point. I wanna see him get it next game since i'm going.
no look high five::SMH. Good game Suns.
Wolfy_Pants::somebody wake up portland... 2nd half has started.. lakers leading 17-2 3rd qtr
LetsGoMavs-::4 point play blazers
freaky69az::must have been SOME halftime speech - like a bedtime story
Wolfy_Pants::ouch 4 fts coming up for portland.. lol
stempy77::Tyson Chandler won the mavs their championship.
Wolfy_Pants::i hate when people say 1 guy won the championship... it takes a team, a team that can work well together.. hence why wade only won with shaq.. kobe with shaq or gasol.. i mean cmon 1 guy cant do it all.. hence why theyre greats that never won it all
TeamworkToo::A different Mavs team won that championship. Tyson Chandler was a part of that "team", along with Dirk, Marion, and several others.
mallow23::Hell, even throw Stevenson and JJ in there
Marqui6852::Dirk nba finals mvp!Enough said
LetsGoMavs-::you are so dumb
LetsGoMavs-::lol. Chandler with the game 2 winner going to the baseket. He needs to realize we all liked what Chandler did but he was their mainly for defense. Not the offense and clutch shots
mallow23::You know he might be right, Chandler would have easily scored those clutch baskets ..
mallow23::*Dirk Nowitzki
Marqui6852::Yet again let me explain to laker fan. You have PAu, Kobe, Dwight, Nash, and Artest on one team. Ya'll are fighting just to get in playoffs. Seriously I rather be the mavs right now. Lakers have been the laughing stock of the nba this year.
Elkiddro::Yeah injuries have CLEARLY not been an issue this year for the lakers...
Marqui6852::Lol freaky!!!!
mallow23::lol damn. i was just gunna post something like this.
freaky69az::he's not Ron Artest, he's Madeof Warm P.i.s.s!!
freaky69az::Mavs fans shouldn't be so pessimistic.  You have a great coach and an owner who'll spend.  The future of the Suns, now THAT'S bleak.
AzFan1337::I agreee with that comment.
duke_mavs_panthers_braves_::Just want to see Dirk reach 25,000. I think he needs like 30 more points to reach it
cooltapes777::WHAT HAPPENED?
