hawaiianprince12::WOW!!! If Noah can keep playing like a possess demon and when D-Rose gets back look out. Only 4 players in NBA history to have 30 points, 23 rebounds &amp; 6 assists that's astounding.
sockmedock::rose coming back will mean less shots for him and he will have to work harder helping rose on defense!
bamberg1977::Pistons dont have much excuse to lose this home game. Their youngest two guys played well, their guards played well, even CV played well. Besides that, they actually play a lot of vets. You want to give Frank benefit of doubt having to play 3 guys 22 or younger a lot of minutes, but in a game like this not many excuses.
bamberg1977::Greg Monroe has regressed this season. Not sure what is going on. Is he watching D. Cousins too much or something? His D in this game was terrible.   3 months ago Monroe was a future Max player and a worth every penny. But I anticipated him being even better, not going the opposite way. Drummonds already a better defender, its to the point where if Monroe cant play PF (frank doesnt seem to like him there) he might not have a future here.
imagine606::From an outsider's perspective, the problem with Monroe, I think is that he just doesn't have a very high ceiling. He's not the quickest or most athletic out there, but he is smart and has played like a veteran since the early days of his career. He's still a very good player and someone who can help almost any team, but he's not a very good defender from what I've seen, and he doesn't get any of the extra edge that some players get from their athleticism. Still though, if I'm a Detroit fan I'd be happy to have him, just don't expect him to be much better than what he has already shown.
Chicagocold312::BOLD PREDICTION: The Bulls will beat the Knicks tonight.
sockmedock::if they had the same team as last season (without rose) i would agree, but this team looks just as bad as they have with rose the past three postseasons!
BustyNeighbor::without melo...one can only hope.  If knicks shoot like they did vs miami...its going to be a long game.
I Only Believe What Others Tell Me::When a guy like noah is scoring 30 youre not a very good team...
sockmedock::when your best player plays defense (or doesnt play defense) like rose you're not a very good team!
Kat Nation::i just wont believe it
Trespayne::Good game Bulls, hopefully in a couple years this will be a good rivalry, but for now Pistons clearly have a long way to go until they're back. We look better than the last 2 years though.
JimMoss360::When did everyone become so danged illiterate?
benja6888::when people like you decided that "danged" was a real word.
RocHawks::Have to get rid of Charlie V... every highlight shown had Charlie not even trying to box out Noah for rebounds.  Pathetic and not Detroit basketball
benja6888::Noah manhandled Charlie.  They knocked Drummond for his motor coming into the league, but my god Charlie has no emotion whatsoever.  If he isn't hitting threes he may as well not exist.  If he had half of Drummond's motor, he might actually be worth the national minimum wage,
benja6888::So, how long before Chicago's starters start to get tired?  With no bench they are barely over .500.  When Derrick Rose comes back, he will be the only starter with "fresh" legs.  Not good if your fresh legs is fresh off of leg surgery.
Rose MVP CHI::Noah beast  Glad to see Marco gets better
DeMarcus Cousins Fan::I don't like Noah but great game
I Got The Jokes Haha::Whatever You get called a fair weather fan because you will not spend money on a bad product come on you guys are acting like you do not want championships I was not old enough to enjoy the jordan days you guys are probally content from that
Rook_217::Nothing wrong with high expectations, but your initial statement was so negative.  It sounded like "we" are dumb for appreciating what we have.  Is it a championship caliber team?  No.  But the window for these Bulls is much larger than most of the top teams teams right now.  Yes, Reinsdorf can pinch a penny better than most, and yes he is more often the not more willing to dish out $ contracts to his baseball team, but be patient.  Look at the Lakers, do you think Dwight would be a good fit here?  They did the best with what they had and didn't make any drastic moves.  Look at the Knicks...a solid contender but old legs.  The future looks bright for the bulls with Charlottes pick pending and Mirotic coming in a year or two.  I wouldn't go to spend $ on a subpar product either, but in the case of the bulls, I am a fan, whether be it a miserable one, a frustrated one, or one that is excited to watch each and every game.
socalspartan1684::a 4 point loss to the Bulls?  I'm pretty sure that should count as a W for the Stones
elonich29::My God...I worked tonight so I couldn't catch any of the game. But 30 points, six assists, 10 offensive rebounds and 23 total? Somebody had his weedies, today.  Get it? Because Joakim smokes.
Sebastian61362::"That's my vet," Noah said. "To have him there, it means a lot. I've learned a lot from him." Funny i remember him fighting with Big ben back in 2008
chicago d rose::hopebullswintommorow
eototalt::"Noah, Call me when you get a 30-30!" - Kevin Love
Rook_217::"Love, call me when you sniff the post-season!"  Jo
taylormade9989::lol call me when u make the playoffs j noah
Fankdatank420::eototalt - K, I'll call you back in the spring. - KLove  Ya when he joins the bulls as a free agent
eototalt::K, I'll call you back in the spring. - KLove
RWTigersLionsGoBlue::how many times can noah get away with pushing guys in the back?  apparently it is at least 8 or 9 lol.  pistons are proving this season that their young talent will be solid to rebuild around.  we just need to dump the defensively challenged charlie v, a do-nothing corey maggette, and tayshaun "is it still 2006" prince.
hawaiianprince12::Da Bulls beat the Pistons 16 in row enough said!!
trashami cheat::BS,quit making excuses bcuz  ur Pistons lost!Man up and admit defeat!Ur Pistons had way more trips to the foul line!If the Pistons woulda won you would'nt be saying nothing!You just lost, FACT!!!!!
badgersthreeinarow::wow the city of Detroit is cursed due to its move to liberalism.  the city is collapsing and people's homes are worthless because all the black people are sucking off the teet
ozob37::Turned conservative? Grand Rapids has always been conservative you numbskull... San Fransisco is a "liberal" city filled with pinkos, queers, and commies and yet it is a far better city than either Detroit or Grand Rapids. And many parts of the deep south are chock full of God-fearing, conservative country folk, yet it is a garbage pit.. .  Discuss. Detroit  is collapsing because of a long chain of events -- people have either given up or accepted corruption and decay. That has nothing to do with being "democratic." You ignorant $@%!$.
Dissention83::lol, yeah that's why it's been a shi.thole.....Oh, nope it was that way before and will always be that way.
superman253540::racist
socalspartan1684::RWTigersLionsGoBlue - honest....since the city has moved to a democrat stance it has gone to absolute hell.  grand rapids, on the other hand, has turned conservative in it's stance and is thriving.  ===================  a mayor that stole from the city for 30 years didn't have anything to do with it
RWTigersLionsGoBlue::honest....since the city has moved to a democrat stance it has gone to absolute hell.  grand rapids, on the other hand, has turned conservative in it's stance and is thriving.
jacknagelrules::Comment 1337 awe yeah
bigbuffguy95::I like the highlights announcer. She says that Noah had a "double double," which is true...but 30 and 23 isn't exactly an 11 and 10, which is also a double double. Talk about underselling.
RZA_CONSOLE::drummond - c'mon kid   push around noah - you'll figure it out
geeman217::40+ minutes for Noah and Deng???  Not a good sign for tomorrow...  Stay loose Nazr...
FavreisGod18::Love seeing the Guns filling the stat sheet. And it's pretty sad that I'm excited about a 2 game winning streak but I'll take it.
ron953::It will be a 3 game winning streak after they beat the Knicks tomorrow night!
kingsofneon::JOAKIM
chiwsox40::Noah led the team in points, rebounds, assists, steals, and blocks. Did the rest of the team just not show up today or was Noah just that good?
_Stay_Classy_::Lebron leads the Heat in just about every category you can think of.
Kit Ramsey::He was in a zone, it happens.
-AP3-::There's a new drink called Sandy...It's a watered down Manhattan. I'll be drinking many of those tomorrow.
Fudge Pack At Giants::goddamn almost a 30 30 game for noah... nice
I Got The Jokes Haha::Haa you bull fans feed right into Jerry Reinsdorf pockets you are like "OMG WE ARE 10 and 8 without rose and coulda woulda shoulda been 14 and 4"  Yeah just keep feeling up the seats making Reinsdorf rich and he will spend the money on the white sox and never give rose a good enough team to win a title If you think noah can put up kevin love numbers daily you need to wake up how is boozer going to step up in the playoffs to help rose? O wait I forgot about Mr Taj can not hit a mid range gibson
Dissention83::Yeah well he did bring 6 freaking championships to the franchise.
trashami cheat::No,Jordan Pip,and Phil bought 6 chips to the franchise.Jerry just sat his @$$ in the owners box and benifited from it.
Rook_217::...and why do u say "you bulls fans" after you just admit you have gone to games...meaning u must be a fan as well... Textbook bandwagon/fair weather fan... Like Kit said, we don't need you brah!!!
RWTigersLionsGoBlue::idiot.  he only spent $23 million more on the white sox last year and they have more players to pay.
chiwsox40::LOL! Spends money on the White Sox? Yeah what a joke.
Rook_217::Take a deep breath and step away from the keyboard... Bulls fans go to games because they enjoy their team...whether leading the league in wins or swimming above .500, they play hard for Thibs and yeah, Bulls fans are well aware that baseball is Jerry's first love, thanks for the code red update...
trashami cheat::ur right rook_217,but in a sence 'i got the jokes haha' has a point.the bulls need an owner who loves basketball over baseball.jerry needs to put just as much stock in the bulls as he does the sox.
Kit Ramsey::^^ Well shut up and do it then, and stop your damn whining. And believe me, you won't be missed.
I Got The Jokes Haha::Lol I  for one am done with spending money on bull games until they get rose some more help
bycrackyrules77::Are Bulls fans really talking Noah MVP??
trashami cheat::All-star appearence,not MVP.not all Bulls fans are stupid like you think!
Jackiemoonsexy::30 23!!
SportsFan9835::you guys say the pistons are terrible then Noah has a great game against them and all the sudden he is the best big man in the league. Plus if they are bad winning by 4 against them should not be an accomplishment.
ron953::They didn't have Rip again tonight and they won again so it just proves they have the heart to win without another starter who has been in the line up since day 1!!
Rook_217::By "you guys", do you mean many???  or the one shmoe eliownsbrady234 that said that, cuz unless I am wrong, I didn't see anybody else talk about how bad the pistons are...(attn:  the opinion of one fool doesn't reflect the sentiment of a fan base as a majority or a whole)
Jackiemoonsexy::Don't be fooled with the final score, I bet you did not watch the game
SportsFan9835::Bulls did play better. watched most of it. I started watching midway through the first
DatGuy8921::Doesn't matter what team he faces, Noah put up stats against an NBA team.  It still deserves recognition.
ChippewaDave::So is Jo the best center in the east?
benja6888::The bulls are two games over .500,  so that's barely a winning team.  Andy V.  and Noah have been playing as equals this year. Along with Chandler, all three are monsters on defense and they are becoming elite finishers as well.  Only hope that we can get Monroe and Drummond to develop like that in Detroit.
hawaiianprince12::Yeah but that's with out D-Rose! Just wait 'til he gets back in the line up. I'll take a .500 team any day of the week. You're playin' w/out your MVP practically the main stay of the team? Look at the Lakers they're 9-11 go figure?
JrueRandallHoliday::I'd say Anderson V is the best at the moment...
mccoywajmu::Andy is putting up numbers on a pathetic team..i ll take noah or tyson chandler putting up numbers on winning teams
bycrackyrules77::LOL..sure
SoxFan1442::Joe has stepped up quite a few times this year. If the Bulls can stay in the playoff picture he may end up in the All Star game. Hes by far the best big man in the East.
JrueRandallHoliday::I wouldn't say by far considering the Season Anderson V is having. Joe has him beat in steals, assists and blocks (not sure about %'s or metrics). Andy has him beat in rebounds and points.
ScalabrineSwag::well it has been nice talking with the detroit fans...bc tomorrow we will have to deal with the moronic NY Knicks fan
773 4 LIFE::Knicks fans can be such D.I.C.K.S!!!! Hope they suck one instead
Kat Nation::ughh i hate them
ScalabrineSwag::it is so fun watching the lakers fail!
Kit Ramsey::It would be a complete RIP OFF if Jo is not in that AllStar game!!
773 4 LIFE::My N.i.g.g.a. Joakim !!!!!!  30/23 come on now just crazy!!!! Truely the best Center in the NBA. Like King said "If he don't make the All-Star Team this season it's a shame"  GO BULLS!!!!!
ScalabrineSwag::10-8 aint bad...first place swag!  Go bulls!
hawaiianprince12::You Got That Straight!! Not bad at all w/out D-Rose....
Kit Ramsey::Can Joakim start in the All star game this year?
benja6888::yes.  Joakim and Andy V should be in it over chandler.
Kit Ramsey::I would rather have Jo than Chandler.
Kit Ramsey::And twice on Sunday.
Sherriann Ryan::anyday of the week
Sherriann Ryan::if he is not at least in the game i'm boycotting
ScalabrineSwag::the only reason why he wouldnt be if voter around the nation let their hate for noah influence their vote bc most other teams dont like joe
ScalabrineSwag::chandler
dasox104::THE BEST CENTER IN THE NBA JOAAAKIM NOAHHH
benja6888::ehh.  how about the best center in the east this year?
Kit Ramsey::Man those 2 blown games against the Hornets and Bucks and this team would be 12-6 without D.Rose.
hawaiianprince12::Pistons Sucks!!! Da Bulls beat the Pistons 16 games in row?
jroby39::and without detroit blowing this one 11-7. shut up
chritter66::I didn't watch the game but 30/23 from Noah. Wow.
Sherriann Ryan::you missed out on a treat
airmike2334::way too close of a game. the defense can't continue to play like this and expect to beat the knicks and clippers. GO BULLS
Kit Ramsey::Dude stop your whining, the Bulls are right where they should be right now with the exception of those 2 blown games against the Bucks and Hornets, the Bulls would be fighting for 2nd place. That's 2nd place in the East.
Sherriann Ryan::up him kit
Sherriann Ryan::memphis are better than the clips
Kit Ramsey::Marco should start and RIP should come off the bench, he would be our microwave.
TheJTram::Pretty much we still have the same problems all season with perimeter D and especially defensive rebounding. But, at least they controlled their turnovers this time
denn19641::Still couldn't finish. Anyway it's just fixing one factor after another. Inch by inch will be there. We used to score pretty low in he 2nd half but this time its 49. next step is to limit the scoring of opposing team.
Eliownsbrady234::The Pistons are absolutely the most pathetic team in the nba
ScalabrineSwag::wizards?
Kat Nation::naa they beat the heat which is pretty impressive
Kat Nation::omg this team would be crazy good if everyone was healthy
Kit Ramsey::Just take those two bad losses away, the Hornets and the 27 point fiasco to the Bucks and we would be 12-6.
.New_York_For_The_Win.::Its too easy to troll. Of course I'm not one  Now I wonder how some trolls are at bad a trolling when I see them on the Knicks board  I mean Like seriously, Its too EASY
jroby39::i actually think he was referring to this season i don't know for sure though
dasox104::you mad that the knicks have less nba titles than the bulls ? you mad that the giants have less nfl titles than the bears ?  AGAIN U MAD?
