Evan Birchfield::I went to this game. My first NBA game had a great time was awesome to see Legends like Duncan and Ginobili.
John Osaki Jr.::Spurs have the second best record in the NBA thanks to their aging stars Tim Duncan and Manu Ginobli. Check out both players resume in the new edition 2013 book NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Mike Wagener::Disappointing loss to OKC.  Good news is the Spurs didn't bring their "A" game, Timmy was awful offensively but I know that will change.  I expect them to come out and bring it to a much improved Magic team under Jaque Vaughn.
Sportsbettingstar.com::The Orlando Magic are starting to show signs of improvement, but there's a big difference between playing better and playing consistently. Following wins at Atlanta and versus Philadelphia, Orlando looks to make it three in a row when it hosts the San Antonio Spurs on Friday night.  Vucevic has probably been Orlando's most consistent player this season, as he has nine double-doubles, including 21 points and 16 rebounds in Wednesday's 11-point win over the 76ers.The spurs should blow em out of the building tonight.
Bob Graff::any team that gives Tiago Splitter 10 mil a year.  Is bound to pay for it, they are paying him twice what J. Green and K. Leonard are making are making together. Get ready to circle the the drain.
Christopher Couser Dc::Thats just the going price for a decent big man in the NBA..might be a little over inflated..but they needed him to stay put..Leonard will get his new contract next year..who's J. Green?
Chris Cano::Please tell me outside of Howard, Hibbert, Lopez, and Noah is there another center in the league worth 10 mill a year? Spurs didn't have a chance on getting any of those players, so they gave the market price to a guy who is talented and knows their system. Sounds like a fair shake to me.
Chris Cano::*Gasol too
Mike Wagener::On another note:  Listening to PJ Carlesimo commentate on a game is painful.  The guy needs to quit smoking.
Joshua Smith::Oh wow the magic score 4 points in 6 minutes!!!!
Joshua Smith::Fu*k the magic!!!
Jermaine Thompson::no tony tonight?
Cam Perry::nope mild ankle sprain
Ossie Virgil Nogueras::If Duncan does'to bring a C+ game to the playoff, we are done.......
