Shiggity80::Mike James sucks.  I don't know why they chose him over DoJo.
Notta Lespn1::THE WESTERN CONFERNCE SUPERIORITY IS INFERIOR COME PLAYOFF TIME!
Stone_Cold96::Man, what has gotten into Deron in March. 24.5 ppg, 7.2 asp, 1.4 stp, if can carry this into the postseason, maybe the Nets will have a chance against the Heat. A slim chance, but a chance nevertheless.
whatsanoa::He got a cortisone shot(i think that's what it was called) on his ankles after the break and has been playing great ever since.
spcoon::all this talk about the nets not being title contenders and are now hamstrung by the cap...  #1 you have to be in it to win it. i'd much rather have a few max guys with talent, a strong bench and limited cap flexibility than eight one-year contracts for mostly tier 2 or aging players surrounding a 35 year-old superstar.   #2 no one knows for sure the nets' ceiling. this is their first year playing together. to go from a .333 team to a .600 team is a huge leap, and they still look like they can improve.  #3 they actually have flexibility. hump's expiring contract will be gold next year to an owner like cuban looking to stay under the cap. they have a number of solid young players, including a few eurostashes lighting it up. also, prokhorov will shell out $3M to buy 1st round picks, so there will always be a chance to trade up in the draft (as the nets have all their 1st round picks moving forward)  the nets aren't perfect, but they're in a much better position than the mavs. cuban is a phony.
Eg214::Dude the Nets Are not winning anything anytime Soon!
Fat.Guy.In.A.Little.Coat::LOL a Brooklyn win is 5th in the ESPNNY headlines behind 2 NYK stories, a Spring Training story and a NY Giants story.  Yeah, you guys are relevant!
Ucannotbesirius::The Nets have just as many victories over the Knicks as the Knicks over the Nets. Another feel-good statement made by a homer.
ckonas::anything to help you sleep at night
setrue::Dwight is not coming to Dallas.  Mark Cuban, what is plan B?
Rezo201::He has no plan B. He was ALL IN for D-Will, after he got stood up, he didn't really want D-Will that bad. He openly said he cleared cap room to sign D-Will, now that D-Will is in Brooklyn, Cuban is saying he doesn't want to tie up $75 million. The guy is a $@%!$@ and his ego won't allow him to just admit to himself that a star player said no to him.
LinHardenParsons::"Shark tank my @ss..."  ~Derron Williams
pogi_mavs::Mavs Should Do This  Center = B. Wright Power Forward = Nowitzki Shooting Forward = Crowder Shooting Guard =  Carter Point Guard = C. Wright  Bench Player Need To Use Kaman, Brand, Mayo, Collison
thegooddoc456::Mike James shooting 4-14 and taking the most shots on the team.....seriously!!!!!!!! Mavs just looked out of sync from beginning to end, no energy at all tonight.
DeDiplomat13::Cuban is kicking himself for not attending that meeting with D Will during free agency.
Spurz2013champs::god you guys suck
easyrawlins1::.500 starting to look like a pipe dream.
gt1master_ike::Holy crap, if Joe and Gerald Wallace were vastly under performing, this Nets team might be 2nd by now.
Rezo201::If Joe could give the Nets a solid 16-18 and Crash give a solid 10-12 every night the Nets would be very hard to beat on most nights. They play mostly 4 on 5 on offense, some games it's 3 on 5. It's actually pathetic if you think about it. You know you won't get anything from Reggie or Crash. Joe is the x-factor, when he plays well, the Nets are real tough.
SeaDog73::"The Nets?   What?  I was still booing Derek Fisher."  --Mark Cuban
Edtrost123::good one!
ethans1299::A GREAT WIN FOR THE N-E-T-S!!!!
laurasman::Yeah ...mavs suck!  Should keep growing beards til nexr season when they get to .500.
BKNets611::Mark Cuban everybody!
MachineLearner::Deron is definitely overrated. should be traded.
Edtrost123::He is one of the most overrated players in the league
bronxbombers1215::I see we've got a hater in the house!
Porkchop8920::LOL about a month and a half late. He's been the best PG in the NBA since the break
Ericgliebe::hahaha i cant wait til the mavs start shaving cuz they know they're never getting to 500
Sportsman0428::40 wins! Wow it feels like only yesterday it was 12 70 love it. :)
djny2k12::Nets kept pace and gain ground on the Celtics atleast....
djny2k12::They need to learn how to handle prosperity and show up every night like they did tonight and against Pistons....the loss against Hawks and Sixers was very frustrating.
Rezo201::Every time they have a chance to take that OTHER step, they choke. Very frustrating.
Rezo201::It's insane how much Carlisle looks like Jim Carrey.
Ameero80::Brook Lopez is overrated and soft
NYChe21::Oh, you missed the game tonight?  Highlights are up buddy.
themaxislord::38/11
Sportsman0428::Overated? Uh underrated.
Rezo201::Either be creative with your trolling or go away.
yankeefanforever2::lol.
NjFan11::That was the best I have seen Lopez ever play and I have seen almost every game he has played in.
whatsanoa::Lopez has had some great games, not just this season, but seasons prior as well.
bklynnets2012::that's an ovestatement. Maybe you havent been watching Nets game this season
nets1fan_::Nets only gave the ball up 9 times tonight n got 13  2nd chance pts which vital in slowing the mavs....
outspoken mavs fan::i quit watching the nba and the mavs after that loss to bucks..im done again.. i quit this time around..im gonna miss yall again lol..time head back under my rock..o yeah not coming back next year either
KMartKidd56::Deron and Brook combined for 69pts. Not bad.
MTorres727@gmail.com::Collison is third in the league in FT.Well....he SUCKED.mavs 2nd in the league in FT percentage?Well.....WE SUCKED!!!
MTorres727@gmail.com::Rick Carlao however you spell his $@%!$@ name needs to go.He's soft
MavsFanTillDeath::AGREED. I HATE COACH RICK. I REALLY DO. HE PLAYS WRONG PLAYERS AT THE WRONG TIME
MavsFanTillDeath::Dirk only got 10 shots this game. MAN OUR PG ARE DUMB AS SHIIT. They need to realize they are scrubs and Dirk is the only star
NjFan11::Brooklyn NetsLast two #Nets players to score 30+ points in the same game - Brook Lopez (37) and Yi Jianlian (31) vs. Detroit on 3/26/10
Justinkm83::Ha. We had Yi too. He just stood out at the 3 point line.
MTorres727@gmail.com::Dirk 8-10 ,Mike James 4-14.WTF!!!Collison is wayyyy better.Please.
Justinkm83::Season is over. We won't have to worry about James anymore.
MavsFanTillDeath::BOTH PG NEED TO GO. I HATE DUMB PLAYERS WITH NO IQ
mazzith::Someone PLEASE tell Mike James he is NEVER EVER allowed to take more shots than Dirk. Pass the damn ball dude.
159Yanks::Time to travel to Los Angeles now. Boy will this Nets team be exhausted at the end of this road trip. Have to travel to 4 different time zones in 8 different states
nets1fan_::Yeah...good thing we had those 5 days off last week
Mets2410::$@%!$@% circus....
MavsFanTillDeath::Please destroy this team except for Dirk, Morrow, and Carter. I swear they don't even pass to Dirk. DAMN JUST END THE SEASON ALL READY and FIRE THE COACH ALSO. OJ Mayo is a dumb players and so is Collison. They have ZERO IQ so please don't resign them
bklynnets2012::BTW whats up with Dallas signing ex Net players? Kidd, Wright, Carter, Yi, Morrow
bklynnets2012::Morrow is a bum! good thing Nets god rid of him.
bronxbombers1215::Morrow is not a bum... just didn't fit in well here at the time. He'd be awesome to bring off the bench if he learned how to defend a little.
Justinkm83::Wright, Crowder, Collison as a back up should also be kept.
250krm67::James and Kaman both had more shot attempts...pathetic
Thedevil25::What a huge win.  Seriously.  Two straight wins on the road to start this trip.  Couldn't ask for anything more
lightmycigar00::D WILLS GOT THE SKILLS TO PAY THE BILLS
Mark737471::Brook Lopez (Brook Lopez!) drops 38 on us... hopefully that will shut Kaman's pie-hole for the rest of the year....
Mets2410::Brook Lopez the All-Star and highest scoring Center in the NBA dropping a boat load of points on you, like he did last year, is embarrassing? Okay.
MavsFanTillDeath::Mavs don't have a real center. Any center would have a career night against us
Mark737471::He'd be Wilt Chamberlain if he played the Mavericks every night.
epitome1986::kaman did good tonight. i didn't see him playing terrible defense, lopez just had really good offense.
mdtuzo::whats with the "!"... you know he did that last year with our 22 win squad right?
thekola::Brook Lopez = all-star
terpsravensmavs::dirk has been shooting unbelievably well lately and yet our gameplan is to let  mike james jack threes. dirk gets his first shot in the second half with 8 mins left in the game is inexcusable.
Zeeshan2::he got benched in the 4th..wtf. Didn't get any shots in the 4th of the OKC game either
FullMetalx317::Same. I don't understand. Why isn't Carlisle telling the guys to pass to dirk. He should average 20 shots a game! To be fair dirk should be more demanding as well. He knows everyone on his team is a scrub.
Justinkm83::Same story as the other night. This team is just plain dumb. I'm glad almost all of them will be gone.
Justinkm83::They all touch the ball. Dirk should also demand it in the post. I know that's not the type of player he is though. Rick has to make it happen.
epitome1986::only player i really see avoiding dirk is mike james.
epitome1986::i really want to punch mike james in the face. he is such a terrible player, there is a reason he has been on 11 different teams.
mdtuzo::glad i dont have to hear about how d-will is a coach killer, overpaid bum, fat, etc...
FApokerCE::fuccking stupit Mav. and all fuccking asssholes players in the last 3 min. 0 fuccking points. fucck you all
jhovis_99::Does every player in the nba think he's Michael Jordan? Someone needs to let mayo, James, collision, and carter know that they would be average at the YMCA! How r these guys in the league? I really don't understand. I gotta blame carlisle for playing these guys. Their bball IQ in sooooo low its ridiculous!
Porkchop8920::IMO Carter is the 2nd or 3rd best player on the Mavs
MTorres727@gmail.com::Dirk should just go.So should Vince Carter and Shawn Marion.Old $@%!$@ who wont do anything for this team.They should all just retire and rebuild on OJ mayo
FullMetalx317::Not sure if joke or not. Dirk at 50 would be better than Mayo at 25. The guy is a choker.
159Yanks::Finally a win on national tv
nets1fan_::"D~Will is fat n  slow"
HelloMyNameIsKendall::He's sure is ugly though.
FullMetalx317::GG Brooklyn. You got us back. And for the record I do think the MAVS would be better with Dwill than without.   The MAVS should really consider dropping to get a higher pick.
HelloMyNameIsKendall::Do Dirk's teammates not trust him at all? I honestly don't understand their mindset. There is a future HOF on your team and he only gets 10 shots? Are you $@%!$@ kidding me?
Encaladitos::my guess is everyone on this team knows they might not be here next year, maybe trying to showcase themselves for other teams.
epitome1986::probably, i only see mike james doing it though, i don't really see mayo or brand avoiding dirk to look for his own shot.
epitome1986::it is mike james! i keep seeing dirk calling for the ball and mike james ignores him and either looks for his own shot or swings the ball to mayo and other players.
_Pyro27::Welcome to the Mavs where we continue to do stupid sh,it like that for no reason at all.
djny2k12::Here come the Knick trolls....
Boyanime::Winning a Championship, changed Lebron as a basketball player
