butasports::buy the lephone, only vibrates no ring http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/p/best-nba-memes.html
navyctr312::So D12 is going to stay unhappy in Orlando when he can come team up with Kyrie and win some rings? It just makes no sense, why hate cleveland so much?
wrecko22::they are who we thought they were
blazzbowler::Better off for Cleveland sports to shut down
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::That'll turn us into winners!
ustasports::the real big 3? miami? spurs?? nahhhh scalibrine luke walton and kwame brown http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/p/best-nba-memes.html
BuckeyeheadKyle_828::And the Cleveland Cavaliers choose with the no.5 pick in the 2012 NBA Draft is... Thomas Robinson!
marat75::Choose Mike Tyson.
trademarktaz::cavs will take a sg
BuckeyeheadKyle_828::I like Ross with our 2nd 1st rounder.
suneeth9::why not? He is a good player.
goosu123::Not worth a 1st rounder I believe
BuckeyeheadKyle_828::Worth a 1st rounder I believe.
goosu123::I don't think he is that good of a player. Average role player at best.
BuckeyeheadKyle_828::A guy i've watched for a while is Terrence Ross from Washington. He's been tearing up the NIT tournament.  In 4 games: MPG: 31.8 PPG: 25.0 FG .479% FT 1.000% Three: .407%
BuckeyeheadKyle_828::I don't see any true Center's in this draft. They all seem fragile and underdeveloped. I'll rather play with 2 PF's a F and 2 guards...
goosu123::Remember, its a lottery. The past season we got the no.1 off a pick that only had a 1% chance to win. I'd say Melo and Ezeli could be options for the second pick while Leonard/Zeller coud be an option if we decide to go big with are first pick(and if we get an unfavorable draw in the  lottery).
rockndoc2::I'm thinking the will take the 33 and 35 picks and package one to move up the Lakers pick.   McCollum with that second rounder would be a good one to develope behind Kyrie.
BuckeyeheadKyle_828::Sorry I should've rephrased it to saying "it will be a reach to obtain a center in this year's draft". There's no way in hell we are getting Davis unless Charlotte is dumb and trades us for it. Leonard... ehhh he'll be gone in the 10-13th pick. Melo in the late 20's. WE have a shot at Exeli in the early 2nd round.
goosu123::Anthony Davis? Exeli? Leonard? Melo? I would argue they are "True Centers"
rockndoc2::Barnes choked and may fall in the draft.  I'm hoping they get a wing or a true center.   If they take a PF it would surprise me.  If they got any one of KiddG, Beal, or Barnes, then got a center with the Lakers pick that would be fine......Or Cody Zeller, then the wing  with the Laker pic
goosu123::If Lamb falls down the board, I believe they should snap him up. Great talent.
BuckeyeheadKyle_828::Exactly! Having Robinson and TT start and easily switching them out with Andy V. Also have Gee in as SF. Kyrie is of course PG. All we need is some Shoot Guards, and I like Tony Wroten and Terrence Ross out of Washington with LA's pick.
goosu123::IF Zeller comes out. I think the Cavs would do fine with Robinson and TT down low(no true C). Just not sure that would be what they go after.
BuckeyeheadKyle_828::What has Barnes stat's been the past 3 games? I thought he hasn't played that well... I like Beal, especially his 8-10 shooting game.
rockndoc2::DWade comparisons will do that
goosu123::Beal's stock has risen exponentially, he likely won't be available by the time we are picking.
rockndoc2::Maybe Beal or Barnes
rockndoc2::Yeah, Barnes could go into free fall.   And he would have been a top three last year
BuckeyeheadKyle_828::I didn't like him...
goosu123::Never, ever, choose Barnes....
zip right::Lebron is great but his play does not match his injured ego, I mean his sprained finger.
Mr. Mojorising::rockndoc...when Lebron was 20 like Irving is now....James averaged 31/7/6. So tell me again how Irving is better....You can try and spin it anyway you like...but it still wont make your arguement  valid. Lebron is way better than Irving and always will be.
SeKeMe::James played 42.5 minutes in his second season. Irvings numbers for 42.5 minutes would be 25.1/7.7/5.3. And by the way. Irving is only 9 month older than James was in his Rookie season, so why are you using the numbers of James third season?
EricTheYank::Huh? What? The argument was that Irving's rookie season was as good as LeBron's. Why are you saying they are saying Irving is better than LeBron?
rockndoc2::There is the voice of reason.   I have watched both seasons up close and personal.   Irving  is not anything like James.  He is clearly more coachable, clearly shorter, clearly shoots MUCH better.   LeBron is bigger, thats for sure.
rockndoc2::@jjensen1192 Before I leave let me tell you something.    James rookie season: 20.9 pts, 5.9 ast, 5.5 reb, 1.6 stl, .7 blk, .417%, .754%, .290% in 39.5 min  Irving rookie season: 18.6 pts, 5.7 ast, 3.9 reb, 1.0 stl, .4 blk, .468 %, .869%, .403%, in 31.3 min  =========================================================================== I'll take Irvings stat line over James for two reasons.  He got his in less minutes; his shooting percentages are SIGNIFICANTLY  better.
Mr. Mojorising::How old was Lebron and how old is Irving in their rookie seasons, son?
rockndoc2::You dont know, junior?
Giggity.iggity::Hopefully Knight develops his game more in the offseason as he and Irving should be a fun matchup to watch for years to come.
trademarktaz::brandon knight's release on the 3 is so quick and clean, so is his speed with and without the ball. i think knight can be a better 1 on 1 defender and leader a-la chauncey billups. hopefully it's a good rivalry.
a_tizzy::ahahaha, guys this video is hilarious http://www.worldstarhiphop.com/videos/video.php?v=wshhV4Hj0cX8h45RE1Wu this girl is asking "jerry linn" on a date
trademarktaz::lol... your typical girl who doesn't follow sports. that video is hilarious.
a_tizzy::new york giant superbowl champion jerry linn
yata9arasu::@jjensen1192 Before I leave let me tell you something.  James rookie season:  20.9 pts, 5.9 ast, 5.5 reb, 1.6 stl, .7 blk, .417%, .754%, .290% in 39.5 min Irving rookie season:  18.6 pts, 5.7 ast, 3.9 reb, 1.0 stl, .4 blk, .468 %, .869%, .403%,  in 31.3 min  Next time you say something back it up with facts.  I am not delusional and do not make outlandish claims if I have nothing to back them up with.
ummhello3::id take irvings stats for the rookie season too but this is the only time they will come close to comparing ever again
jjensen1192::so you do make outlandish claims
jjensen1192::umm it sucks you left but james has better stats
Andy1178::I am curious, is Irving putting up those numbers because he is on the Cavs and its like "this is your team, have the ball as much as you want" or he is putting up those numbers because he is that good? I think he is good, but if the plan moving forward is to have your PG the best player, remember very rarely does an NBA team win a title with its PG as its best guy. (Oddly enough Pistons with Chauncey and Isiah are the only ones I can think of right now)
trademarktaz::AI and J.Kidd &gt; Irving too (not trying to judge a rookie)
trademarktaz::When we're talking about Big O and Magic, we're talking about Jordan caliber legendary hoopers, I don't think Irving is anywhere near that level
trademarktaz::I wouldn't get too caught up in the stats, but Irving is really doing a lot for the Cavs.
SStark20::Magic won a championship when he was their best player. So did Oscar Robertson.
SStark20::True, oddly enough he was a factor for them both.
a_tizzy::magic was an anomaly, but that team was stacked
trademarktaz::Let's not act like Kareem Abdul Jabar wasn't a factor lol,.
a_tizzy::youve had the sixers go to the finals with AI as their best player, and jason kidd led the nets a couple times but no championships
jjensen1192::he better get some more assists too
SStark20::I think he had seven or eight tonight. He'll come along. The kid is only twenty.
jjensen1192::yata9arasu No one said that he will be as good as James but he has been better in their rookie season   perfect example of why cavs fans don't know $@%!
Mr. Mojorising::How pathetic do you have to be to say...Go Byron Scott...Lose so we get more ping pong balls? HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
yata9arasu::Good night everyone!  Good luck this year Detroit!  Nice talking to you guys.  I hope to see some of you guys during baseball season!  GO CAVS &amp; TRIBE!!!!
I am a Thunder Bandwagon Fan::See ya
i liked this comment::GREAT GAMES CAVS, GOOD WORK COACH BYRON KEEP UP THE PACE, WE NEED PING PONG BALLS..........GO BROWNS, HOPE YOUR 5 YEAR PLAN WORKS OUT OKAY........AND GO INDIANS, THIS WILL BE THE YEAR THEY SHOCK EVERYONE!!!!!!!!  AND F K MR. MOJORISINGWITHNOBALLS
Andy1178::Cowherd worships the Heat, but I think if D. Rose can get himself to play all games at 40 mins in their series its Bulls &gt; Heat. Chicago destroys them in rebounding and takes away Miami's run outs which they live on
trademarktaz::I'd rather see Miami lose, but I also hate the Bulls. So honestly I hope the west wins this year (hopefully not OKC).
yata9arasu::What will the Lions record be next year?  I think about 12-4 is right.  My Browns........................................  If everything goes right 9-7.  If McCoy plays well with Ricardson/Blackmon + Defense continues to improve.  Most likely probably 7-9.
trademarktaz::And the Bears just added Brandon Marshall, Michael Bush, and Jason Campbell for when Cutler inevitably gets hurt or starts sucking.
trademarktaz::It's going to be tough. The NFC North might be the hardest division in the NFL except Minnesota. And the Lions defense is still a work in progress.
a_tizzy::it really is a tough division, u had 3 teams almost make the playoffs from it last year
a_tizzy::Lawrence "gerber baby" Frank for coach of the year... (next year)
trademarktaz::big d would be dallas, we are "the d"
wflannigan::haha, he is doin a pretty good job.  There actually hope in Big D
trademarktaz::lol... he does look like the gerber baby
Mr. Mojorising::I just like making fun of idiots like Clevelanders. They dont have a clue.
SStark20::People like you need shot. Somebody who enjoys troubling others is nothing but a problem for this world and deserves to be exterminated.
Mr. Mojorising::Only time I will laugh harder is when Irving leaves after his rookie contract and Cavs fans flood the streets lighting jerseys on fire.
a_tizzy::in all fairness, irving doesn't hold the weight that lebron did. He was not only their best player and hope, but a hometown hero.
jjensen1192::no he has not!!!!!! god i hate cavs fans!!!! they are delusional
a_tizzy::i mean, i'm talking about how big of an impact it would be for irving to leave the way lebron did, im not saying he will, im just saying it wont be as big of a devestation
yata9arasu::No one said that he will be as good as James but he has been better in their rookie seasons.
jjensen1192::for real irving is good but no one except for cavs fans thinks he will be as good james
a_tizzy::and he tore their heart out
i liked this comment::why are you so in love with byron, the cavs and cleveland????
yata9arasu::Hey he can leave but don't spit and slap us on National T.V.
Mr. Mojorising::I cant wait to keep laughing at Byron Scott and Cavs fans. Gonna be a good year.
i liked this comment::get a life........maybe get outside more? the fresh air could do you some good.........
SStark20::Fail troll is fail.
SStark20::This is only for starting Centers. I factored in injuries and off-court problems as well, so if a player is always injured, they may not be where you would expect them to be. For example, a healthy Brook Lopez is easily a star, but since he is alway injured, he's down in Good.  Star: Roy Hibbert, Marc Gasol, Dwight Howard, Al Jefferson, Andrew Bynum Good: Brook Lopez, Tyson Chandler, Joakim Noah, Greg Monroe, Al Horford, Tim Duncan, Marcin Gortat Average: Spencer Hawes, Anderson Varejao, Drew Gooden, Nene Hilario, Chris Kaman, Javal McGee, Nikola Peckovic, Kendrick Perkins, Andrew Bogut, DeMarcus Cousins Decent: Jermaine O'Neal, Amir Johnson, Bismack Biyombo, Brendan Haywood, Marcus Camby, DeAndre Jordan Awful: Joel Anthony, Joel Przybilla
trademarktaz::I'd probably add Chaning Frye to one of the last 2 tiers.
i liked this comment::RYAN HOLLINS!!!!!!!!!
trademarktaz::Amir Johnson is a PF
SStark20::He started at PF against the Cavs, but he would be in with the Good tier of players. He's a very solid player.
trademarktaz::Speaking of which, you totally left out Bargnani.
SStark20::He started at Center against the Cavs a few games back.
a_tizzy::david lee?
SStark20::Power Forward
Alex818728::I dont consider Varajao and gooden centers
SStark20::True, but they are playing there for their team, so I have no other choice but include them as the starting Centers.
JoeGrizly::I mised the game tonight but i'm out yall peace and blessings, GO CAVS, GO TRIBE, GO BROWNS, GO BUCKEYES!
Andy1178::its too bad Justin Blackmon, who i expect the browns to take, is not on the same level as Fitzgerald or MegaTron. but hey, he is an upgrade over Cribbs
a_tizzy::guys, curses don't affect robots, he will be fine
i liked this comment::since when do we need a receiver?
i liked this comment::oh.....nevermind
Andy1178::I don't want MegaTron on Madden cover! please no Madden curse on my Lions
trademarktaz::lol so true, if i were him i would never do it.
JoeGrizly::yeah i think its honestly cheating to have Calvin Johnson on your team, I mean its not fair
yata9arasu::Calvin Johnson is $@%!$@% amazing.
JoeGrizly::I think they'll take Richardson lol that would be dope as $@%!
a_tizzy::speaking of red wings http://bloggedshots.files.wordpress.com/2012/03/20120328-175342.jpg?w=480
EricTheYank::Why isn't Columbus allowed to have a professional sports team?  Because then Cleveland and Cincinnati would want one too!
JoeGrizly::Columbus is a buckeye town
a_tizzy::they have the blue jackets
a_tizzy::oh nvm i see what u did there lol
i liked this comment::lebron is a dumb as s for leaving cleveland, it is one of the cleanest cities, beautiful lake, sparkling water, four seasons, florida is nice if you are a cockroach......
jjensen1192::hey i have never been to cleveland I'm just saying thats what people call it
yata9arasu::Oh and you want to know why we get defensive????  REALLY!?  Armpit of America?  Yeah let's just ignore that insult.  I swear to God every Detroit/Cleveland board I go to it is the same crap.  Detroit sucks/Cleveland sucks.  They are both amazing cities that have fallen on hard times.  Grow up.
jjensen1192::cleveland that  is
jjensen1192::thats why its nick name is the armpit of america
EricTheYank::Try googling 'armpit of america', genius.
jjensen1192::never heard anyone call new jersey that
EricTheYank::That is New Jersey, genius.
Andy1178::I think both cities of Detroit and Cleveland have a long way to go in terms of attaining greatness. (minus the Redwings, and lets face it. no one watches the NHL outside of like 4 American cities and Canada) but it seems to me at least currently, Detroit is making moves in more sports to become relevant and gives themselves a chance at competing for a title.
JoeGrizly::Redwings are dope
trademarktaz::We're two very unattractive cities, we can't be like a Lakers or Yankees or Patriots. But if we someday do achieve that type of success in a big 3 sport, I can die happy.
JoeGrizly::Browns also missed the playoffs that year by a game
SStark20::I don't think Cleveland has ever been big in more than one sport at a time.   If we become a two sport city, I'll be so happy. The closest we've come to that is the Cavs and Indians both making the playoffs in 2007.
SStark20::To all Cleveland Sports Haters: We have the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. I've been there. It's nice. Suck on that.
jjensen1192::you guys will always have the buckeyes
trademarktaz::It is nice there, Cleveland is a fun city, but sports wise, you guys must have been cursed by some Indians or something.
JoeGrizly::yeah son
a_tizzy::i've been there too
raven.52::yo
yata9arasu::because a lot of cavs fans are in hyper defense mode since lebron left and won't except anything bad some one says about the cavs and they argue out their $@% and attack people personally. Alex818728 is an exception   ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Why would fans of a city that they support not defend their city?  Are we supposed to stand there and take insults about our city because it's easy to make jokes about us?  If you are going to attack someone's city and culture be prepared for the crap you take back for it.
trademarktaz::Google lied to me then I searched cheesecake factory and it popped up on the map :(
JoeGrizly::OH
trademarktaz::there's one in dearborn apparently. never been there.
a_tizzy::i just checked the cheesecake factory website, michigan is not even listed in locations. this kinda sucks, the state of ohio has 6, michigan has 0
a_tizzy::no way?
trademarktaz::we do!
a_tizzy::i have another nice thing to say about cleveland: they have two cheesecake factories
a_tizzy::nope, but there is one next to my apartment in the northern miami area
trademarktaz::I wish we had one of those in Michigan. Do we?
Andy1178::lmao, Verlander might have more wins alone than the Indians.
JoeGrizly::Indians will be okay but they're just cheap dude theres no cap in baseball yet they can't throw out those insane contracts or even get their payroll above 60-75 mil a year, i think they were at like 48 maybe mid 50's last year. they need talent and no not old $@% Vlad Gerraro see thats what they do in C town man they sign cats who are old looking for that last stop money and they sell that to us, it costs them pennies to pay someone a couple mill and milk all of the ticket money from fans... every year in cleveland lol..
yata9arasu::Really?  Tell me how that will happen.
JoeGrizly::no way are you high? Indians won 80 games last season...
i liked this comment::looks like the cavs might lose this one guys...........
EricTheYank::liar
SStark20::No way!
greenbeerd13ish::talk about a lag on this post
greylock3::What happened to Stuckey
a_tizzy::he got shot 9 times, then got his mouth wired shut, then got rich or died trying
greenbeerd13ish::eaten by a shark
jjensen1192::hammie
Andy1178::I told my buddy who is a Cleveland sports fan that I will actually CHEER for the Browns this year if they trade up to get RG3, ummmm epic fail on that Browns front office, when you had the ammo to take your shot and didn't.
i liked this comment::they could have gotten tyrelle pryor as a project.........
trademarktaz::Without Peyton Hillis I'm not sure what the Browns are good at. Kick returns with Josh Cribbs?
JoeGrizly::i mean seriously like RG3 can run the ball, block and catch his own passes are you stupid?
greenbeerd13ish::panthers still sucked even with cam
greenbeerd13ish::Who leads the Central after 20 games?
JoeGrizly::Tigers all day with Prince and ace boom Verlander
SStark20::I'm gonna go on a limb and say that it will be the Royals.  The Indians and Tigers will both be two games back.
TheTristanShow::In all seriousness, the Tigers probably will. I don't see the Tribe starting out that hot again.
TheTristanShow::Twins.
TheTristanShow::SO PUMPED TO SEE GRADY SIZEMORE PLAY MORE THAN 50 GAMES THIS YEAR!!!
Alex818728::ffuck sizemore
greenbeerd13ish::that doesn't mean 50 games in a row
TheTristanShow::Obviously.
SStark20::Indians fan here, but I doubt that happens ever again.
TheTristanShow::Same. Imma dreamer.
Mr. Mojorising::Byron Scott.....and Cavs fans stick by him. Mike Brown is coach of the year and wins them 60+ games...they fire him. They hire Byron Scott and he is 36-100. LOL!!! And Cavs fans want to keep Scott. Funny s,h,i,t.
JoeGrizly::lol this guy is funny Mike Brown had LeBron and rebounders with shooters on the perimeter. lebron would ball stop and dribble for 12-16 seconds then either drive to the rack or pass to his shooters with the rebounders there to scoop up the misses. kind of like Chicago sometimes when rose is in the game. know your facts, B scott would have won championships with those LeBron led Cavs teams.. but he was too busy going to the finals and playoffs in NJ and NOLA
SStark20::Flagged for going around censorship. Maybe you'll get out of here quicker.
EricTheYank::Okay, since we are on the topic of centers, who is the best center UNDER 7'0". I think if you aren't seven foot you aren't an effective center in the NBA. Could be wrong but no one comes to mind...
trademarktaz::I like Al Horford when he's healthy, and old man Marcus Camby is still pretty good but not like he use to be.
Andy1178::the only guy who played center at a high level and actually owned the paint under 7'0" in the last decade to me, was Ben Wallace
greenbeerd13ish::Al Jefferson is 6 10
EricTheYank::Just did some research. Didn't realize Al Jefferson was only 6'10". There goes my theory.
a_tizzy::Ben Wallace 2000-2007
a_tizzy::i think he had like 10 brothers, and he was the smallest/youngest, so he had to get good at rebounding to even touch the ball when he played with them
EricTheYank::I meant this year, but good point. Ben was bigger than most taller men though.
TheTristanShow::Chuck Wagon
ctowngambler78::Tor, Det and NJ won tonight!!!!
Andy1178::lmao yes cleveland won by losing 2nite.
Mr. Mojorising::What about Cleveland?
ctowngambler78::We move up in the draft fool!!!
yata9arasu::Why does everyone dislike Cavs fans?
jjensen1192::because a lot of cavs fans are in hyper defense mode since lebron left and won't except anything bad some one says about the cavs and they argue out their $@% and attack people personally. Alex818728 is an exception
trademarktaz::I don't dislike them, they're just easy targets for jokes. It's low, I know.
yata9arasu::Wow....  That's it?  Great reason.
Alex818728::we know we suck, were not delusional like most fans
greenbeerd13ish::it's funny that you guys suck without lebron
SStark20::Hold the phone here fellas, I'll go list the centers in the league and try to tier them. Give me about five minutes.
greenbeerd13ish::i'll be on the edge of my chair waiting
SStark20::I'll take that as sarcasm, but whatever.
Mr. Mojorising::Byron Scott, Colt McCoy, Mike Homgren,.....how proud Clevelanders must be. Should I mention the Indians too?
Mr. Mojorising::Projected? LOL!!!!
SStark20::Are you mentally handicapped, or just an idiot who likes getting attention from strangers on an online board? Or both?
SStark20::Indians are projected to make the playoffs, so sure, make a fool of yourself.
greenbeerd13ish::manny acta is a good manager
Andy1178::So let me get this straight, you are a young tall kid in high school right now, you want to improve your game. YOU and some AAU coach are teaching you to dribble and shoot 3's to become the next Dirk, INSTEAD of learning the ONLY unstoppable shot in the history of basketball: Kareem's Sky hook. Because why would you ever want to develop a skill that no one can stop
greenbeerd13ish::I heard that cannible corpse is going to do the april in the D song
EricTheYank::My top 4 Centers: Howard (easily best), Bynum, Hibbert, Jefferson.  Cavs have to be near the bottom. Varajeo often plays the role of Center, but he just ain't big enough. He is good about drawing fouls though.
i liked this comment::what about Ryan Hollins?????
trademarktaz::Yeah don't forget Marc Gasol.
jjensen1192::mark gasol is better than hibbert and jefferson
trademarktaz::Lopez would be on there if he wasn't so injury prone, same with Bogut.
greenbeerd13ish::gortat is really good too
TheTristanShow::Sorry, gotta put Chandler in between Bynum and Hibbert
Mr. Mojorising::I would take the Detroit coach over Byron Scott and it wouldnt even be close.
t casey::lol
JoeGrizly::For those talking about Centers, D Howard will sign with the Cavaliers after he sees what they do in the draft, remember Joegrizly said this on 3/28/2012.. He knows KI is going to be great and the cavs will be loaded with Blue Chippers... BANK, peace god
EricTheYank::I don't think this will happen, but can you imagine if it did? If they got a top three pick again AND got Howard? I'd actually give them a chance of getting past the first round.
JoeGrizly::lol dog they would win the championship not 2, not 3, not 4, not 5, not 6... but 7... D Howard would get 30 and 20 a night with 5 blocks and a couple assist. Think of like of the cavs getting a top 3 pick or maybe even top 5 this year and also making smart picks later on, they'll have an extra 1 or 2 in the first and second rounds.. KI would average over 20 and over 10 assists a night with like 3 or 4 steals and some rebounds... TT would instantly become better, FA's would sign for real, they're not stupid. Remember LBJ was slated to make 130 mil over 6 years but since he LEFT as a FA we never gave ANYONE that money so I'm assuming it will either go to KI or a big name FA like Howard if they could pull it off but they can't offer that much anymore.... Magic can though..
i liked this comment::for realz?
