sanusim::How dumb is the Bulls coach? Rose has not played in a long time and he plays 39 minutes? Nothing like breaking him in slowly.
darkace789::ROSE IS NOT CLUTCH. he sucks at making free throws when it matters . it was proven when he was in mephis and against the heats last year
mlcordes::Give him a break...
Nanrad_91::UspeakBushwa Lets be clear! Bulls Fans, yall have NOBODY. ZERO. ZILCH. GOOD DAY SIR! You win games because of Tom Thibodeau! That is it! D. Rose is good, but seriously who else do you have!????? Deng??? You meet another team that plays Defense and you guys are finished. WIll the real Chicago Bulls Please stand up. Name one player on the Bulls (Besides Rose) better than ANYONE on the Knicks??? I'll wait ======== I could care less if you think we have big names on our team or not (besides Rose, of course). The Detroit Pistons did it 2012. And besides Dirk, no one thought the Mavs were going to do it last year. Yes we have a great coach, but you need more than having a great coach to win and that is having dedicated players on the court. Bulls has been lagging lately, but it won't last for long.
phadreus11::RIGHT NOW i JUST WANT YANKEES TO SCORE SOME FREAKIN RUNS(JOE PESCI ACCENT)
phadreus11::BULLS WIN TOMORROW BUT IF KNICKS WIN I WILL STOP BLOGGING HERE FOR A WEEK, HOWEVER i AM GOING TO ROOT FOR THE NYK
The_Dukie4::This will get Knick fans off Carmelo's balls for about a week.
Michael38061::not if he loses tomorrow
Im Fixin To Eat Some Bacons::This is what we need melo not moving the ball and scoring 43, Knicks have no future with that type of gameplay
darkace789::umm u sir u are not a knick fan so $@%!
mirk10349::weren't New Yorkers begging to trade Carmelo a month and a half ago? this we forget to mention. good game NY. good luck trying to do it over 7 games
DRoseIsSexy::Read back and you will see. All there was when the bulls won last time was how much NY HATED Melo. Just b/c you weren't on here doesn't mean there wasn't a TON of people hating him. All it was was how much better LIN was.
darkace789::i cant BET you most were not knick fans
stone419::i was on here, along with other knicks fans defending melo.
DRoseIsSexy::It was a general consensus on the boards months ago. No one stood up for Melo. Grats on holding ur ground.
stone419::it was most certainly not a consensus. i've gotten into fights with many fans (some not knicks fans but people who just followed Lin) about trading melo
stone419::not this new yorker. there are millions of us, some of us are bound to disagree on things
DRoseIsSexy::+1 to this been saying all afternoon.
DRoseIsSexy::Bulls had a bad game and Knick capatalized on it. The end.
Gardaddy7::i know i can't be the only person who is pissed off with the refs in that game.Even on the final play of overtime we should have been shooting two free throws TWICE.Schumpert knocked down d-rose which was a definite blocking foul and the knicks were in the penalty and they did not call that.Then Noah got the ball and chandler swiped downwards right on noah's hand and noah almost lost the ball and then rose had to take a bad shot.And that was just on the last play,how many times did schumpert whack noah on the wrist when he kept swiping the ball away and stripping rose,they did not call a foul once! It was such $@%!$@%!.I am not saying some of them weren't clean,he did a good job but i saw quite a few where he hit him.There were alot of fouls not called on the knicks,i know they were at home but give me a break.Bottom line though it should not have came to that rose or deng should have made one of those four free throws and the game would have been over.
Michael38061::They both had a bad game
DRoseIsSexy::Not what I saw. But then again people see differently. We'll see come playoff time.
stone419::i hope so, should be a fun series. didnt seem like these two teams like eachother
DRoseIsSexy::If it wasn't Rose's first game back. And if you actually watched the game you'd seen how the bulls blew it. Don't see NY taking bulls in 7 and no they are not the reason they played bad. No matter how much you wish they were. Let's see if they can do it again tomorrow. IF they win again tomorrow. Then I'll give NY credit.
stone419::i watched every second. the bulls didnt play their best, but the knicks had a lot to do with it
stone419::maybe the knicks are the reason the bulls had a bad game
Geforcepat::i don't see why people have a problem with Carmelo saying "this is my house" it's a moment thing have any of these people whining played bball or any sport before?geez
DRoseIsSexy::Nothing wrong with that. It was his house last night.
stone419::good for boston, why dont you talk about it on espnboston.com
Choose your member name::The Knicks didn't win that game, the Bulls lost it.   Letting a mediocre team go up by 21pts, turning the ball over, missing 4 FT's when one could of iced the game.   Bad performance by the Bulls.
Knicks2DaDeath::you see your not giving the knicks n o credit, did you watch the game? ok you tell me who could have possibly played better defense the 1st quarter when we was up by 21? it wasnt just melo shooting good, the bulls got locked down in the begining of the game. Now our defense didnt hold, but we earned that lead and that game the bulls didnt give it to us
Knicks2DaDeath::Thats BS That Mediocre team let the bulls get back into it, the Bulls lost that game from Tip Off!!!
Knicks2DaDeath::we ranked 12th in the league in defense and 5th in overall defensive efficiency
Choose your member name::Knicks are not a defensive team
Choose your member name::Defense? They blew away a 20+ lead!. Knicks didn't play defense at all. They just had Melo having a great night.   Shumpert did play great on Rose, but Rose just came back after missing 12 games. You could easily tell Rose wasn't at his best.
Knicks2DaDeath::but its because the knicks Defense Shut Down the Bulls not because of a bad performance
Choose your member name::I actually agree, they did lose that game from tip off.
KINGCAMBORAMBO::If I have a choice to pick a player for my team between superstars like Brian Scalibrine, Derrick Rose, and Carmello Anthony, I would automatically pick Brian Scalibrine because he knows how it feels to win in the playoffs and to have a NBA Championship ring.
MontyPhilips::Headline should read: "Rose Shoots 30% and Forces and Misses Two Game Winning Shots"
DRoseIsSexy::Your headlines are almost as bad as EPSNs.
Knicks2DaDeath::Melo just cant impress some people smh... Look at his stats and his whole body of work, only thing that could make him more impressive is rings! He did it at the collegiate level and even the World Wide Olympic level, and when/if he gets NBA championships, He is HOF Bound!
KINGCAMBORAMBO::If I have a choice to pick between Brian Scalibrine and Carmello Anthony, I would automatically pick Brian Scalibrine because he knows how it feels to have a NBA Championship ring.
DRoseIsSexy::Melo is a good player. Most of the people saying he sucked were Knicks fans. Wasnt until recently people started to like him.
KINGCAMBORAMBO::Carmello Anthony is the future choked of fame.
VEEGINA::Derrick Rose clutch moments (not including the two buzzer beaters this year) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zzyLvAJH0Vc&amp;feature=related
getmine73::Bulls dont stand a chance. we saw this show last year
DieHardBullsFan23::you must not have watched the  ECF, because the Heat only outscored the Bulls by 13 points total over the 5 game series. All the games were close
joshuadhickman03::ladies and gentlemen your 2010-2011 nba mvp, rose was handed that award and everyone except chicago fans know this
KINGCAMBORAMBO::I believe that Carmello Anthony and the New York Knicks are overrated. Carmello Anthony salary for 2011 is $18,520,000  and in 2012 is $19,450,000 .  Carmello Anthony is clearly the most overrated player in NBA history. Carmello is the most  UN-CLUTCH player in NBA history. This is the reason why he has choked in the playoffs in the last seven seasons, and  he will never beable to lead his team to the NBA Finals. I remember when Allen Iverson first joined the Denver Nugget  playing with Carmello Anthony, Carmello Anthony was the #1 scorer in the NBA and Allen Iverson was the #2 scorers  in the NBA, but they choked in the playoffs. In addition, he had also played with a guy like Chauncey Billup and Kenyon  Martin. If Carmello Anthony is so great, he could have led his team to the NBA Finals or win a NBA Championship. Carmello  Anthony does not know how to win in the playoffs because he only worries about his stat. As long as he scores over 20  points per game, he has accomplish his goal. I am a Boston Celtics fan. I believe that the Great Celtics would destroy the  New York Knicks if they meet again in the playoffs. I remembered last year when Boston Celtics swept Carmello Anthony  in the playoffs, New York Knicks fans were crying on ESPN boards.
DRoseIsSexy::Rose is on his way to becoming a superstar. And technically is. Just because you think he isn't doesn't make it true.
darkace789::so carmelo is not a superstar then??
stone419::Most Un-clutch player in NBA history? i think you need to learn your history
DieHardBullsFan23::It is annoying that people these days will throw the term "Superstar" around to any player who can make an all-star team or average 20 points per game. That term was once reserved for the legends and legends-to-be only, like MJ, Bird, Kobe, Kareem, etc.
joshuadhickman03::i think you being a bulls fan should be worried about the the term"superstar being used on a player like rose
getmine73::yeah.....like Rose
VEEGINA::I grew up in NYC and NJ, and now live in Chicago. The Chicago Bulls really won me over when i first came here a few years ago. They play hard and the hustle on the court is unrivaled.  They play like the working class heart of this city. Also like Chicago's other sports teams, the whole city is behind them. NY fans i congratulate you on the win, but if you watch bball you wouldnt be calling rose unclutch and you wouldn't be trying to make a case that NY this year could ever beat the Bulls in a 7 game series. In the limited time he has played rose has had two buzzer beaters this season (1 on opening night vs the Lakers, 2 against Milwaukee) and averages a healthy 22.8 ppg and 8.0 assists. (which would be higher if he has more time) The team is coached by a defensive mastermind with championship experience and Derrick Rose is only 23!. Let's be realistic he is going to make mistakes, but he will learn from it. He is at least 3 - 4 years away from his prime. Also the Bulls have the deepest bench in the NBA. Call me a bandwagon fan, call me a traitor, call me whatever you want, but there is no denying that this  Chicago Bulls team is of championship caliber, plus do you really want to see Miami win the ECF again? No of course not
joshuadhickman03::maybe you don't want to see miami win but rose and bulls wont be the team to beat them
DieHardBullsFan23::Hmm even though Carmelo's 3's were clutch... there are a ton of NBA players who can score 43 points if they are taking 30+ shots like Melo (31 shots). That is why in my mind he is nothing more than a borderline all-star, also supported by the fact that when he can't get the same number of shots cause of Lin and Amare he is just a above-average offensive player who doesn't play defense, like a bigger Monta Ellis
joshuadhickman03::also he hit over 50% call me when rose can
getmine73::u cant be seriouse. u must be 12
getmine73::so what about Kobe, Durant, Westbrook, Rose &amp; any other all-star fool. look at their number of shots per game...
DieHardBullsFan23::All of those players that you mentioned help their team in tons of other areas besides scoring. Melo shoots as much as them but can't do anything else that those other players regularly do
Amarefan2006::Sad day when the trolls take over the message board.  I'm out
Robert156877::Trolls always come to the Bulls board, especially after a Bulls loss.  Glad you noticed it.
pspank1::BYE STUPID go to the Knicks baord and stay off the Chicago BULLS board...LOL  STUPID!
L_hop::Man Derrick Rose is just the clutchiest.
Amarefan2006::Ever wonder why the Bulls haven't been the "favorite", despite leading the league in wins for the last 2 seasons?  Because everyone except Bulls fans are smart enough to realize the best player on their team is also their biggest liability...
pspank1::Hey STUPID?  Why does he average over 8 $@%. a game.
pspank1::Then you wonder why I call you STUPID....is that all you can come up with....  YOU STUPID!!!  In what way STUPID is he a liability?
Amarefan2006::Well, STUPID, he's a point guard who doesn't pass.  you tell me.  Go back and look at every close game the Bulls lose, and you'll see that Rose is taking way more shots than he should and not getting his teammates in rhythm throughout the game.  Thus it comes down to last second pressure that he puts on himself, when honestly he's just not built like that (i.e. Melo).  I'm done talking to people who only watch Sunday games on ABC.  Step your game up and get cable/watch other teams before you try and have a basketball conversation
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::you could say the same thing about Mello and the Knicks.  lol
joshuadhickman03::i usually hate fans of other teams but most of your amarefanpost are pure truth
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::it's way more true for Mello then Rose so don't be talking crap.
Amarefan2006::It has been said, but he's proving its wrong with the last 14 games.  His defense is markedly improved because he's playing for a caoch that has his respect and vice versa.  Clutch &gt; Liabilities
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::Boozer gets 15-8 and has not missed a game.  Amare gets 17 and 8 and never plays because his broken down body won let him and he will be out of the league in a couple of years. Bulls got the better PF
greatestyang::oh sure, Rose is "rusty", not like Knicks was missing any key players, right?   sure Knicks "blew away" a 20 point lead, why were you down by 20 points in the first place, huh?   If you are a Bull's fan, stop making excuses and talk about how you can actually win next game.
pspank1::That's the funny thing nobody making any excuses...we had a bad game with players getting back into game shape...I'm not tripping on the lost...what's funny is how these so called all of a sudden knick fans talking trash about how they going to beat us if we play y'all first.  Now just because y'all finally beat us this year, how does the result in beating us in the playoffs?
joshuadhickman03::how you can say all of a sudden knicks fans when ny is probably the only franchise whos fans supported them the entire decade when their team did nothing, why can't they enjoy their success now
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::by hitting free throws. simple
pspank1::Hey Knick fans...Charles Oakley is not walking into the building...Patrick Ewing is not walking into the building...Anthony Mason is not walking into the building...LOLOLO  O yeah 1 more...John Starks is not walking into the building...LOLOLOLOLOL
Amarefan2006::Neither is Michael Jordan.  The Bulls will go only as far as Rose will take them...right into the wall
pspank1::WHAT...LMAO  You are STUPID....LOL
Amarefan2006::"Screw last year I'm talking about right now between our teams... "  STUPID LMAO
pspank1::We've been further than you since though...LOL
Amarefan2006::29 pts...........................4 assists.  Yes, this is clearly the epitome of PG play
pspank1::Hey STUPID started another post...LOL  After 12 games of being injured...   STUPID!
pspank1::That's the smartest thing you have said since you started posting...
Amarefan2006::It was a better matchup offensively for that team, because Melo's too fast for Boozer.  Boozer could have got Melo back, but when you don't touch the ball its kind of hard to score
pspank1::They living in LA LA Land...LOL  If they have a good argument we would have a good convo..But they bring up bull like they know what they talking about.  They took 1 game from us.  Melo had a great game can't take that away from them..  They had a 21 point lead and blew it...blew it!!!!  But they want to talk like they handled us...  They funny as hell trying to get into the 8th seed for the playoffs...HAHAHAHAHAHA
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::funny how the Knicks are way better with Mello at the 4. Amare sucks balls
cgjane::The only thing clutch on Rose is his purse.
Andreboii::I like ur $@%!$ 2 u shouldve let them hang out lol
cgjane::they came out after I took the pic.
The_Pittsburgh_Piper::nice b.oob pic
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::Lebron is the only one that carries a purse. what a horrible joke.
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::Knicks fans have one day to talk and say they can win a title after the bulls who played like crap handed them a win on a silver platter. you really think blowing a huge lead and they needing the bulls to miss some freak free throws to win while barley holding on to the eight spot in a weak conference means you have a chance? LOL. you can have today but it ends tomorrow and then the Bucks beat you the next night.
pspank1::HA well said...LOL  they STUPID...LOL I blame the game on Thibs for putting the game on Rose back and making him play 37 min...and calling all those ISO plays at the end...we are going to handle they a$$ tomorrow....then this chat room is going to be a ghost town....LOL
myaulin::awww missed this game due to a wedding.  Baron Davis' stat line looks bad..how did he do though?  How much did Knicks miss Jlin?
DonRodie3::Lin suck get over it lol
DonRodie3::Deng suppose to force melo to drive. Not force him to set up his jumper. They is trained every day in practice to hit while a hand is in they face. If you backing up and you don't block a shooter shot, its going in the basket. Melo could of close his eyes and still hit lol deng defense is horrible . If he would of forced melo to drive. Noah and gibson could of helped block his shot or maded him shoot free throws
Amarefan2006::Talking to Chi fans is like trying to talk to their mascot...Nothing but Bull S***
pspank1::You have another one...?
Amarefan2006::I want to know why its so hard to believe that a team without 2 of its 3 best players who beat you last night, can pose a problem matchup wise in the playoffs?
joshuadhickman03::wow im pretty sure every bulls fan was saying the bulls would beat the heat after 1 regular season game so the same must be true for the knicks
Amarefan2006::the point is that you lost, while 2 of the knicks best players didn't even play.  your best player had one of his worst team games, and blew a clucth opportunity where Melo showed up...twice.  What exactly do you have to be happy about other than a record that suggests the team plays better when Rose is out?  YOU SHOULD HAVE WON last night if this team is as bad as you suggest, especially with Amare and Lin out.  And don't blame freethrows, because Chi MADE more than NY even TOOK all game.  Face it, your team has been exposed, and your looking at a possible upset, whether you want to admit it or not
pspank1::LOLOL...see this is why I call you STUPID...How many points was the Knicks up...um...21...LOLLOL but we blew a big league...HA HA HA HA...issues we have is the team not playing with each other because of injuries....LOLOLOL  you are STUPID....I'll give you that game Melo had a great game...But just because of 1 game and you are fighting to get into the playoffs the Bulls are in trouble...THE KNICKS...LOLOLOLOL    STUPID.....  GO BULLS!
Amarefan2006::Exactly...too stupid to get the point that REG season means nothing once the playoffs start, other than homecourt advantage.  Getting the 1st seed doesn't guarantee you a spot in the finals.  Ask the Suns.  I don't blame you for wanting to hold on to hope after blowing a lead like that last night, but you just sound like a fan that's too scared to admit that your Bulls have isues.  Especially if your losing to a team that by all accounts YOU SHOULD HAVE BEATEN...stupid lol...Go BULLS***!
pspank1::Hey I'm sorry but have to call you STUPID again.  We talking about the BULLS vs Knicks!!! I can give to craps about what the Grizz(which is a good team) and the Spurs did last year...  Screw last year I'm talking about right now between our teams...    And that's the best you can come up with another series with different teams from last year....LOLOLOLOLOLOL  STUPID!!!  GO BULLS!!!!
Amarefan2006::how many times did the spurs beat the grizz last yr reg season?  It doesn't matter, because its not 48 minutes STUPID.  its a 7 game series, in which matchups matter more than anything else.  Bulls played a team coached by a moron who thought the best defense was a great offense.  Now they aren't, so its a different team.  Don't get "spanked" out here, dog I'm not the one
pspank1::OK STUPID...told you I was going to call you stupid if it was a dumb question...The season series is 2-1..LOL  2-1 that mean we beat you twice...do you understand that.  And when we beat you we were not at full strengh either...lol...understand yet.  So for you to say you can beat us in a 7 game series because of 1 game is STUPID....  STUPID!!!!   GO BULLS!
pspank1::Ok since you said it, it must be true...LOl..  What you want to know I'll tell you...but if it's stupid I will call you stupid...so come make it a good BBall question now...think hard...lol
Amarefan2006::my work computer is slow as s***with all of this activity lol
pspank1::Didn't think so....just selling WOLF TICKETS...LOL
The_Pittsburgh_Piper::bulls&gt; knicks
UspeakBushwa::Melo was playin' the 4, thats why Knicks won.  Woodson is a beast
DonRodie3::No the bulls was just rusty because Rose was Rusty. The bulls are going to destroy the knicks in the playoffs
RyanCarranza::Back to work... Bulls vs New York and the Madhouse on Madison tomorrow.
Learn From This::What is CHI best line up, is it Rose, Rip, Deng, Taj, and Noah or something else?
DonRodie3::Rose, Rip, korver, noah, and Asik
UspeakBushwa::D'Antoni, thats all Ima say, not the same team
pspank1::Hey Ryan why waste your time with stupidity?
RyanCarranza::They beat the Knicks twice already... Once with the Knicks full roster.  They can beat them again and again and again
UspeakBushwa::This is not good enough to beat the Knicks
DRoseIsSexy::Got to run later all. Gj NY see you tomorrow.
UspeakBushwa::Cant wait, later
pspank1::It's funny after 1 game back for D-Rose and we lost he is the worst player ever....LMAO  Not the fact he rusty after sitting 12 games....naw that can't be it...LOL  It's so hard to have a good discussion on this board because ppl are just narrow minded!!  Guys look the Bulls will be fine.  I blame the game on Thibs calling all those ISO plays at the end.  The man played 37 min after being out for a couple of weeks.  Hell he still not even playing RIP like that yet which I don't understand.  I'll put my money on the Bulls against any team in the playoffs we have to go through.  I don't care what anyone says.  We will woop anyone in a 7 game series.  GO BULLS!!!!
RyanCarranza::I really agree with you.  Knicks can't hang for 7 games.
Learn From This::Can't have Miami playing the Sixers or hawks and Magic, both a waste of time. Well whoever gets PHI in the first round= waste of time.
DonRodie3::the bulls act like they want to lose keep putting deng on team's best player.   Deng = No D
UspeakBushwa::But who else?
DonRodie3::no one, play zone and play korver or brewer. Deng is horrible period
Amarefan2006::CHI fans need to wake up and realize this was more than just "1 win" last night.  Not only did NY beat you without 2 of its best players, but we proved we can hang with you when they come back (at least one of them).  And we showed other teams Rose's kryptonite...having to create for his teammates
RyanCarranza::Lets be real here... The Knicks have been hovering over .500 for the entire season.  Went on streaks, both good and bad.  This is not to take any credit away from the new coach, but inconsistency just doesn't vanish.
Amarefan2006::Right they won a large chunk of those games w/o Rose, and looked like a better team during that stretch. I'm not saying trade Rose, cuz that's stupid.  But he's gt to change his game if you ever want to beat teams like Mia
RyanCarranza::Bulls lost Rose, Rip, Deng and Watson for TONS of games... Look where they are.  Who is making excuses now?  Hypocrite!  You talk a lot of stuff, but when it comes down to it, you make excuses.  Such a loser...
Amarefan2006::what if the majority of the inconsistency is due to injuries, a coach who's offense-first approach had this team in the bottom 1/2 in offenseive efficiency (notice the record and improvement form  top 10 D to top 5 since his departure), and players who haven't practiced together really at all since the melo trade?
RyanCarranza::And you are the modern day Einstein...
DonRodie3::dude you slow as $@%!
DRoseIsSexy::Please do not think Lin would have changed anything. And how was it not more than Just 1 win? Are you in first? Did you win a playoff victory?
Amarefan2006::And I'm saying by the looks of last night, NY is a bigger matchup problem for Chi than you all want to believe.
Amarefan2006::I said the number of overall games won doesn't mean as much when your matchup is a team that can beat you.  Case in point, the Spurs and Grizz last yr
RyanCarranza::WE ARE NOT SAYING CHICAGO WILL WIN IT ALL!!! We are saying New York has a lot of worse of chance than Chicago!
DRoseIsSexy::When is the last time you have won? You say regular season record means shiz. Then you quote this game as being special. See double standards.
Amarefan2006::how often has the 1st place team won a championship?
UspeakBushwa::It was just one win, but more importantly a shift of energy, almost like a jab.  Saying, "AYE!  You don't want these problems Chi"  And that can be the difference between Winnin and losing in the playoffs
RyanCarranza::Here I am, giving the credit to the Knicks and the Knick fans say we are making excuses...  You people are complete idiots.
DRoseIsSexy::Quote any of your posts.
UspeakBushwa::Tom Thibodeau
DRoseIsSexy::They dont' read. They just spout nonsense.
RyanCarranza::That the Knicks are actually legit to win a title this year or that they will beat the Bulls in a 7 game series.  You won one single game against a team who played horrible and only lost by 1
Amarefan2006::such as?
Learn From This::Damn the Hawks and Magic look like they will meet in another first round. No one wants to see that again.
DRoseIsSexy::How mad is Howard right now?
Learn From This::NY, Indiana, and Miami would be the hardest for CHI to go through, or would it? or  Sixers, Boston, and Miami or something else
DRoseIsSexy::I enjoy the east more than the west.
draino25::east is the toughest conference this year for sure, playoffs are going to be great.
DRoseIsSexy::agree
draino25::they are young, play hard, and have a deep bench...dont sleep on them
draino25::personally i think the pacers are better than the celts and knicks
UspeakBushwa::Yea, the Knicks bodied them, twice, they have a good record, they're mediocre
draino25::have you seen them play?
UspeakBushwa::Draino you were making a lotta sense earlier, that Bong hit must've did you right
DRoseIsSexy::Ur first point would be the hardest.
UspeakBushwa::CHI, NY, MIA, BOS are the only teams that count in the Eastern Conference.  Other teams are not worth mentioning
DonRodie3::Deng suppose to force melo to drive. Not set up his jumper. They is trained every day in practice to hit while a hand is in they face. If you backing up and you don't block a shooter shot, its going in the basket. Melo could of close his eyes and still hit lol deng defense is horrible
UspeakBushwa::Melo was pullin up regardless.  And Deng played Great defense.  Yall have to realize that some things are unguardable, seriously
DRoseIsSexy::And you being the expert on defense is why you are coaching/playing in the NBA. Melo hit a good shot. If he had missed it people would have yelled it was great defense. Watch the clip and listen to the announcers.
RyanCarranza::Then why doesn't Melo shoot 100% with jump shots alone?
RyanCarranza::You're still an idiot at the end of the day Don... Accept it.
DonRodie3::No are you slow? Melo is not suppose to be alloud to do the same move two times in a row like its impossible to stop. That was just horrible defense
RyanCarranza::It was not the best first option, but he played it as well as he could at that time... I'm giving Melo credit...  Are you that stupid?
DonRodie3::do you understand if Deng would of forced melo to drive. noah or gibson could of helped blocked melo's shot? You have clearly never played basketball lmao
draino25::hey how about we talk about how jordan needed all the good teams to retire and become washed up before he won anything?  6 titles in 6 terrible years for the nba as a whole :)...still the greatest to ever play the game
UspeakBushwa::All seriousness I always say the NBA got better and is WAAAAY better than it was, and people argue against this.  We have way more superstars in todays game than ever before, the competition did get tougher
draino25::70's and 80's my friend was the best the nba has and will ever be...teams today would get torched by teams back then, no one on one crap back then, team basketball
RyanCarranza::And this is how you just lost all credibility.
draino25::oh come on really?  who was in the league when the bulls were winning titles?  what great teams did they have to beat?
DRoseIsSexy::Rofl you just redefined troll.
draino25::im a tar heel fan so jordan has always been a special player to me....
DRoseIsSexy::One thing I have noticed is how fast NY has switched from MELO IS TERRIBLE FOR OUR TEAM. To OMG WE LOVE MELO SO CLUTCH. Don't think I've seen many bulls fans spew that garbage about Rose. What does that say about Bulls fans?
DRoseIsSexy::And you spewing garbage about how he sux is goin to make it true? That's why NY went to the ECF last year? That's why they have the MVP? That's why they have the best record? Stop contradicting yourself by using Miami beating us. When you beat us in the playoffs then you can dance around.
Amarefan2006::that you'd prefer to be blind to the fact that Rose is the reason that you'll win 60 games a season, but will lose every year in the playoffs.  He's not clutch, and he isn't a true PG when the team needs him to be the most.  Why did they lose to Mia last yr?  How many shots per game was he averaging then?
DRoseIsSexy::Never said you'd be swept. Never thought it either. In playoffs most teams pull out a win or two.
UspeakBushwa::3 weeks ago I was screaming about this Bulls Vs Knicks matchup, ever since the Knicks started playing D.  Bulls  fans were laughing, talking about the Miami Heat, I just kept saying, You gotta get out the first round.  This is not the same D'Antoni Knicks team, the Eastern Conference just got even better
UspeakBushwa::Its says more about the NY media than anything else.  We beat the best team in the League yesterday, Knicks fans just want Bulls fans to acknowledge the fact that we are not getting swept in the first round, and it might go 7, (Knicks win)
DRoseIsSexy::You didnt' answer the question.
RyanCarranza::What answer?
Learn From This::;) honest answer lol
DRoseIsSexy::You just troll lol.
Learn From This::its above your comment
Learn From This::You all Rose so hard, which might have lead to his groin injury?
Learn From This::Rose sure does take a lot of shots. That's not the problem tho.  <b> He usually misses around <u> 55% </u> of them </b>
DRoseIsSexy::So does Kobe. Who cares?
Learn From This::It sometimes kills in team too
draino25::kobe is a shooting guard and has a silky smooth jump shot which is why he averages over 30 a game and is probably the most clutch player in the league.
Learn From This::Laker fans should
RyanCarranza::He is avg 17 shots per game this season.  Lets relax...
draino25::usually anything other than a dunk or layup
Learn From This::Yes and misses most of those too
draino25::to much love for melo, he will miss that shot 8 out of 10 times, this was just one of those 2 makes......late games are won on the defensive end of the court something the knicks dont have, enjoy the regular season win but that all this is, knicks played better yesterday.
