Will Thomas::knicks suck.. clippers by 20
Andy Mcfadden::How's That working out for you bro  ??
Dakota Mckenzie::I'd say pretty well so far Andy BUT still a lot of game left
Will Thomas::Dakota Mckenzie there up 15 it will probably be over 20 once it acually done
Nick Rice::4/23 lmao Melo sucks. He's no superstar
José Hyland::he had 26 points and 20 rebounds tonight.  Everyone in the NBA has a bad shooting night, even LeBron.   Melo is shooting a career high 85% FT, 40% 3pt and his FG isn't even that bad at 45%.  Keep being a hater tho.
Craig Meads::José Hyland I hate that argument, most NBA players that shoot 23 field goals and 16 free throws should score 26 points. And of course he got a lot of rebounds, he was rebounding all of his own missed shots.
Mark Sugimoto::José Hyland Lebron won his game. Lebron led a team of nobodies with the Cavs to the finals. Lebron has 2 rings. Lebron plays defense and makes his teammates better. Melo has or does none of these things.
Anthony J Dobson::Shocking that people look at this collection of horrible talent and even think they have a chance to finish with a .500 record. This is one if the worst teams in the NBA and there isn't much the Knicks can do about it for years. They made all the same mistakes they made back in the Houston days all over again. Bad contracts and no draft picks. The franchise should just relocate. They're an embarrassment to NY.
Will Bernanke::I could not agree more,  relocation is a must,  they have no chance to win in NY because their fans are content with what is going on,  they like losing and still pay top dollar to watch crap,  Real backers would just ignore the team to the point where they draw 5000 people a game,  the fans are to blame,  not the players or front office!
Raffi Chaglassian::Will Bernanke you really must learn the principle of supply and demand before making grand Assumptions.
Sean Patrick Coon::Will Bernanke most tickets at msg go to corporations, so they'll always sell seats. i do agree with your idea in principle, though. the knicks are a horribly run organization.
Matt Washburn::The surging Knicks? Didn't they just lose by like 50 last night?
Tom Totosz::It only took a few minutes for the clip to end this one. Carmelo Anthony is the most overrated superstar in the history of the nba. Dude is just a gunner. Does nothing but shoot his team in or out of games. Pair that with Shumbert and Bargnani and you have 3 guys who just shoot and play no defense.
Steve Harris::Exactly...and he rarely finds an open guy for an assist. Nobody could win with that ball hog.
Steve Rosset::Tell me again why the Clippers should trade  Blake Griffin for Carmello Anthony?
Steven Rivera::Griffin on this KNicks team they would be even worst off. Who wants a big who cant rebound or play defense?????
Steve Rosset::Steven Rivera Who wants a small forward that can't shoot.
Steven Rivera::Steve Rosset 45% cant shoot???? goood god then Curry and Allen and every perimeter shooter in the game must be horrible at 45% for there career
Shawn Bento::Melo's Bricklaying Service is now available near an NBA arena near you.
Matt Washburn::Carmelo and the Knicks are the laughingstock of the NBA
Jack Huang::Amen !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Mark Sugimoto::Nothing wrong with losing to a better team but Melo's 4-23 shooting is inexcusable. Try passing the ball once in awhile and putting in some real effort on defense and guarding your man.
Francisco Gomez::good game melo lmao
Steven Rivera::20 rebounds over Jordan and Griffin even more Laughable
Vontravius Williams::Knicks what's the excuse for Carmelo now? One of the worst offensive players I've seen since in a while. It's to the point when melo gets the ball everyone just stand there they know they won't  get to glance at the ball When he touches it. And they have no picks. Enjoy the next 5 years or mediocre ball play NYK fans
Steven Rivera::20 rebounds completely out played both Blake and Jordan on the glass.
Marcus Grein::4th game in 5 nights, he is obviously gassed
Steve Rosset::Steven Rivera  this is true.  Considering how many rebound opportunities Carmello gave the Clippers.
Ikenna Nwaghanata::I rather gauge my eyes out with embalming liquid than go to the Garden to watch the Knicks for free. They are that bad tonight.
Khila Quila::Hope  clippers keep their spirits for a long journey. Go clippers!!!
Steve Rosset::LA fan here.  My only question is how in the hell does the greatest city on earth have only 1 NBA championship in 40 years?
Will Bernanke::because they have the worst fans and the worst front office/owner!!
Steven Rivera::MJ and the Bulls has something to do with that
Doug Coleman::Steven Rivera MJ and the Bulls kept them from winning the other 33 years?
Steven Rivera::Crawford gave LA 29 pts, who else on this Knicks team besides Melo can give even 25 pts on any given night? no one.
Bheng Zhuum::Your tears taste like sweet honey nectar.
Steve Rosset::and whose fault is that?
Steven Rivera::Steve Rosset tell me definitely not Melo fault when you have guys who cant shoot consistently or even get to the line
Ben Black::MSG workers have to clean up all these bricks for future events thanks to Melo
Matt Washburn::1973!
Steven Rivera::too bad Indiana hasnt sniffed a championship
Matt Washburn::I'm a Pistons fan. Try again.
Steven Rivera::Matt Washburn LMFAO wow what nerve, good luck
Ali Lukie Ozeir::BG 32 Points has been Averaging 25+ Points 10+ Rebounds 4 Assists and is shoot over 50% Putting up numbers better than any other NBA player the last month but let never gets the Media Attention i wonder why!
Steven Rivera::BG is top 5 in the league in media attention. But needs a good PG to be successful especially come playoff time, He needs to work on his defense cause he has among the worst defense at the PF position
Steve Barrios::Steven Rivera you really dont know blake griffin do you lol
Sabrina Zackery::4 for 23 for 26 points -- way to go Melo.  Ya think one of your team mates may have made a few of those 19 shots you missed.
Steven Rivera::They had plenty of shots and brick, Melo took only 23 shots and was on the bench for some time. Players couldve made more shots but didnt
Jeffrey Nicholas::Steven Rivera He used a BUNCH more possessions to get there though. There's scoring 26 points on 23 shots when you only used three other possessions with free throws, and then there is using 30+ possessions to get there.  Its hard to get on Melo too much when the team is laying stinkers, but its no coincidence that he averages more assists in their wins than in their losses. He doesn't make plays for others enough, and that is something that extends back well beyond this year.
Steven Rivera::Jeffrey Nicholas Dude are you serious if this team was above average shooting wise Melo could be averaging 4-5 assist a game, the problem is this group of cast are streaky shooters and more nights then some they are going to miss tons of shots.
Cliff Harris::This Steven Rivera kid is such a groupie.  That's embarrassing dude.
Steven Rivera::had enough of my meat in your mouth? whats the problem?
Craig Meads::The most over rated player in the NBA is off to a hot start 1 for 5.
Steven Rivera::Overrated player torched Lebron and Paul George whenever they guard him
Craig Meads::Steven Rivera 1 for 7 now and doesn't make his teammates better. There's a reason he's never won anything in the pros.
Steven Rivera::Craig Meads yea funny how you trolling when he has an off night but when he's shooting 50% your no where to be found SMH also name me one Superstar who has won anything without getting help from another star player?
José Hyland::Mark Sugimoto Sounds like a dude with a lot of shortcomings in his life with all the hate and nonsense he's spewing. We ain’t comparing Melo-LeBron, it’s settled LeBron is better. You don’t look smart by stating that when it’s obvious. It doesn’t change the fact Melo is still a great player and a superstar. He won the scoring title, put up some of the best shooting numbers of his career, posted a PER way above his normal efficiency, and proved you could run one of the league's most effective offenses through his scoring and passing abilities. It was a make-good season for 'Melo, and he was duly rewarded for it, starting the All-Star Game for the East, making second-team All-NBA for just the second-time, and finishing with a career-best third-place finish in the MVP rankings--even getting a single 1st-place vote. But here are the... facts.  2012-13: 28.7 PPG, 6.9 RPG, 2.6 APG, 45% FG, 38% 3PT, 0.8 SPG, 0.5 BPG, 2.6 TOV <~ 3rd in MVP voting last season 2013-14: 26.1 PPG, 8.7 RPG, 3.0 APG, 45% FG, 40% 3PT, 1.1 SPG, 0.7 BPG, 2.3 TOV   Melo has been a better overall player this season, his teammates just aren't good enough for anyone to lead them into a successful season. You surround Melo around good players, that team will compete all season and win 50 games. We've seen it last year and we've seen Melo do it over 3 times in Denver. Melo in his entire career has always been on a winning team, from High School to NCAA winning a championship and being one of the few rookies in NBA history to lead his lottery team into the playoffs. Melo's lead his team and won 43-39 and made the playoffs with 0 all-star teammates. Lebron's team was 35-47 and missed the playoffs with 2 all-star teammates (Zydrunas Ilgauskas and Carlos Boozer). These dude always helped his play be competitive. I really think Melo is laying the pipe on Mark's girl. He comes to every Knicks boxscore without even watching the game to hate on just Melo, not the coach...not JR Smith, Not a bottom 45 ranked PG in Raymond Felton but an elite top 10 player like Carmelo. Ha, that dude is a clown. See More
Thom Harnett::I imagine Melo shooting 4 for 23, for those scoring at home that is south of 20%, was a direct result of Mike Woodson not making the necessary in-game adjustments like perhaps sitting Melo on the bench.
Steven Rivera::Why are you going to bench the only person who is crashing the boards on the team?????
Thom Harnett::Steven Rivera Fair point.  Love the 20 boards but that is not a staple in his game night in and night out.  Having watched John Starks shoot us out of a championship I have come to accept that even great shooters like Melo need to know when tonight is not their night.  I recognize that tonight and last night show just what a fundamentally flawed team we are. I love Melo but he is not getting us to the promised land.
Steven Rivera::Thom Harnett Agreed but no 1 superstar or star player will be getting their team to the promise land in today's NBA. if you dont have a group of 2 stars and above average role players then forget about it, This team has a useless group of average to below average players along side 1 superstar
Will Bernanke::IT REALLY IS A SHAME THAT THE KNICKS WILL MAKE THE PLAYOFFS,  THEY HAVE NO BUSINESS THERE!  I HOPE THEY HAVE A SEASON LIKE THIS FOR THE NEXT 50 YEARS AND THEIR STUPID FANS PAY 1000 FOR CRAPPY SEATS,
Vontravius Williams::4/23. LMAO. Melo should be banned from shooting more than 10 shots a game period. We'll the management can thank melo for getting them fired at the end of the season
Marcus Grein::4th game in 5 nights, he is obviously gassed. Also like 8 of his misses came off offensive rebound tips and not getting calls while getting pounded in the paint.
Shaun Mitts::u do realize that this was 4th game in 5 nights  and all those games, Melo was relied to be the #1 option. he was clearly winded. too bad he doesnt have a 2nd option to rely onto.
Bheng Zhuum::Shaun Mitts  9-24, 9-22, 8-17, 4-23 a combined 30-86 with a grand total of 11 assists in those 4 games. Just downright awful.
