LuckandTheIrish12::The takeaway from the recent games is Paul George being a consistent, reliable scorer. It's time for the kid to step into the role expected of him, and he seems to be doing just that.  If ht keeps this up, it will be big for the team.
OlBoyP::especially if it continues when granger gets back.
bjmann61::Pacers should trade for Hayward;  he can score and that is what the Pacers need.  It wouldn't help to bring a few more fans in the stands either.  13 minutes for someone averaging 12 points a game for a team that only scored 84 points is a joke.
Darkflame07::He played 13 minutes cuz te jazz got blown out so Corbin sat him. He plays between 20-26 a night. An Hayward is a part of the jazz' future plans so who are you giving up to get him? Jazz won't take a lesser player and a pick, have to be a good pickup for the jazz to even consider it.
OlBoyP::he would be a great bench player for us. he could start until granger gets back.
OlBoyP::paul george is a nasty man
OlBoyP::all-star?
NickelShort::I'd like to see Geral Green get those "Sam Young Minutes".   I get that Sam runs with a high motor, but Gerald isn't going to get out of this funk playing 15 minutes a game.  Hopefully when Granger comes back he doesn't see a minute.
larrybird77::Get rid of Al Jefferson. Addition by subtraction.  You can trade Paul Millsap - but he is the type of player you WANT on your team.
NickelShort::Trade Millsap to the Pacers. They'll need a solid PF presence once West leaves. I'd say a late first round pick and miles plumlee should do the trick.
hanley0517::Love Paul George's game.
lll__::I'd like to see these start Kanter Favors Williams Hayward Williams with Burks subbing at 1 &amp; 2 for 30+ minutes a game with the support of Millsap, Foye, Evans &amp; extended minutes for either Favors or Kanter (they're young enough to handle it right now)  Trade Jefferson for 1st round pick.  Fire Corbin.  I know it isn't the ideal situation, but at least the team would make consistent progress until we snag an elite PG
NickelShort::What have elite pointguards done for the history of the Jazz? how many championships?  oh yeah, none.
Darkflame07::1) burks is incredibly turnover prone at the pg, he just tries to be too fancy worth the ball. 2) you would get no scoring (especially in the post, which I what the entire jazz system is based on) withy that starting lineup. 3) what team are you going to convince to give you a first round pick for a guy with an expiring contract? 4) how did firing their coach and going after the vast pool of great coaching talent just sitting on their couches work out for te lakers? What is Corbin doing that makes him so terrible that he should be fired? Who is available for te jazz to realistically hire in his place that would be an improvement? 5) If you're frustrated with losing right now you do realize that your proposed lineup would be doing a lot more losing than the current rotation, right?
lll__::I prefer making progress while losing over being a perennial 1st round out.
scow79::Asked Corbin if he is considering starting Favors. He said, "It's a long season. We are where we are. We'll keep doing what we're doing."  Gotta love hearing this from your head coach.
slawsondawson::I have used a betting system called Sportsbettingstar the past few months now. I doubled my starting balance my first month and made almost $3000 my 2nd month following this system. You can find the system on google by searching for sports betting systems.
duttybibs31::get rid of dj augustin and sign gordon
Indianaroundball::Paul George is underpaid by NBA standards...a very good investment.
NickelShort::Is having PG on a rookie contract a good investment?  We'll see when he gets his extension what kind of "investment" he truely is.
duttybibs31::i hope we sign him back or give him an extension
slawsondawson::winning.
HoksHoks::Yeah Hayward had some turnovers but he needs to get 30 minutes a game hes the most talented player on the team. I feel bad for him I feel like he isn't getting used to his full potential on this team.
colts8733::I say we give D.J. Another shot, anybody agree? If he struggles again we can send him right back to bench
NickelShort::Nobody agrees.  He's been a huge disapointment thus far, Ii'd rather see Ben get those minutes.
colts8733::Gerald Green was good, so was D.J.
SoCalBeast23::Same Jazz, same tune.  Don't think the Jazz will be sniffing anything closely resembling the Utah Jazz team with Malone and Stock of the late 90s.  The way this franchise is running this team, that may never happen again.  Mediocrity is the norm these days.
larrybird77::Exactly right
Enes Kanter owns Dwight Howard::Saw this coming. Jazz will beat the Spurs and Nets one night and lose to the Suns and Pacers the next night.
NickelShort::Cause the pacers are on the level of the suns?  They're finding their game, and defensively no one has been better right now. They just have issues getting points when they need them most (insert Granger).
rbmw263::This is stupid
rbmw263::Getting blown off the court 3 out of 4 games.  Going from the best offensive stretch in recent memory to having quarters of 8 and 10 points.  Burks showing his talent, just to DNP for 10 straight.  Earl Watson and Jamaal Tinsely.  Everything about hte Jazz is stupid right now
NickelShort::You guys can keep Tinsley.. Pacers got rid of his $@% for a reason, he was a poor locker room presence and could be selfish as a player. Jazz is a team chalked full of too much talent and a medicore coach who doesn't know how to use them.
scow79::Haha!   You're going to have to be more specific.
45224_CollegeHill_Cincinnati::al jefferson is a bum
Hoosierhawk_18::Great night for the Georges, Paul had 20, 11, and 4 blocks, Hill had 20 points 5 assists
Hoosierhawk_18::Yeah he did it kind of quietly, but he had a real effective night
scow79::Wow I didn't realize George Hill had that many points.
scow79::With Mo Williams defense the points just roll by I guess.
JollySwagman28::Is Granger getting close to a return?
NickelShort::They've had some games where nobody could score, Insert Granger and the PPG would be at least 6-7 points higher, and the points would be there when you NEED them.  Luckily PG is finding his scoring touch and keeping a decent level of consistency.
scow79::I think I heard six weeks.
MasterOfLogic::17-9 if they had him.
JollySwagman28::I'd like to think we'd have already won 5-7 more games had he been playing all year.
scow79::I feel bad for Hayward.   This is like his hometown game and he only got 13 minutes.
scow79::Instead you bench the guy in front of all of his family and friends.   Can't be good for his confidence.
Never Trust A Man Who Sleeps In A Hat::He was giving it away like he wanted the Pacers to win though
scow79::True.  I still wish Corbin would have ridden it out though instead of benching him.  What were we going to do as a result?   Lose by 25 instead of 20?
scow79::All I want for Christmas is a trade involving Al Jefferson.
Never Trust A Man Who Sleeps In A Hat::I'd prefer a new coach
Never Trust A Man Who Sleeps In A Hat::Yeah, both would be best. But a new coach could pair him with Favors to at least try and hide some of his problems
scow79::A new coach doesn't solve Al's non-existent defense.  Although a Big Al trade doesn't solve the ineptitude of our head coach.   Alright.   I'll be greedy and ask for both.
Rexanilatorz::Haven't got to watch the game why did DJ Augustin play 12 minutes and Ben Hansbrough play only 7?
USAman15::Apparently he suffered a grade 1 sprain of his left shoulder.
Taco with a Q::Ben seemed like he hurt his shoulder in the first half
TimmyHardawayJr10::Utah fans. Gotta hear it: BYU or Utah?
minky420::Weber State!!!!!
Grantox::jazz
adamsbrian88::neither!
Rexanilatorz::Is my box score correct?? GERALD GREEN SCORED 21 POINTS???????????????????????
Taco with a Q::He scored instantly off the bench
fuzzjar::I'm sick of the jazz sucking like this.
Grantox::need to change the lineups! jazz should be sooo good! it does not make sense
scow79::I'd rather suck while developing our youngsters though.
Grantox::agree, favors kanter, haywar burks, should be awesome
adamsbrian88::instead of wasting time when the started are sucking
scow79::You better get used to it.
Francis4345::Burks can definitly play, give less minute to Foye
Grantox::oh im sure of that!
Grantox::I wanna see burks out there more! Im impressed! worst thing is its taken this long to give hoim any minutes
scow79::You're going to be disappointed.   He's most likely going to get a DNP-CD next game.
Grantox::you mean tinsley and watson!
Francis4345::agree at least Burks drive the basket like Hayward
scow79::Hayward can't (won't)drive left though.   Burks looks to be able to drive either way.  He just needs time to settle into the offense and learn to pass a bit more.
scow79::The only reason Foye gets time is because he shoots the 3.   He sucks in every other facet of the game.
ovechkinsgoal::better place to live...indianapolis or salt lake city?
vergatease::It depends can you handle mormons or can you handle descendants of the KKK?
adamsbrian88::Like indy when i was there, but like Grantox ^ I'm all about small town utah
Grantox::southern Utah is the best though!  Im not a city folk so slc is not my fav place ever
Grantox::depends on what you like. slc is surrounded by some of the best elk hunting in the world, World class mule deer in some of the state, awesome mtns, amazing skiing and plain awesome! Not sure about indiana! never been, but i am from minnesota orginally, and  i choose utah over minny
ovechkinsgoal::SLC seems like a place to live for a year...indianapolis seems like a settle down spot.
TimmyHardawayJr10::I'd say Indy because it's somewhat close to Chicago. (About 5 hours.) and they have a pretty good NFL organization. But I'm biased so...
NickelShort::was about to say, 5 hours?!?! I make the trip on the regular and can make it in 3 assuming 65 isn't shut down.   I'm biased, but would have to say there is a lot more freedom in Indy. Alcohol isn't taxed beyond belief, I can have what ever percentage of alcohol I want, the food is getting better, and it's not populated by sisterwives.
TimmyHardawayJr10::Really, it takes me about an hour and a half from where I live. (South Bend.)
Taco with a Q::Chicago is way closer than 5 hours, I get there in under 3
Taco with a Q::I love Indy ( not to take anything away from SLC) nice underrated and friendly city, Chi-town is close, Cincy is close, the great lakes are fun in the summer time too
scow79::Same here.   Never been to Indianapolis.
Taco with a Q::Cant say, never been to SLC
Grantox::the way you guys talk about the pacers scoring! you should be trying to get jimmer fredette, that guy can play! if you have not watched actually play you should, he is abused in sac, he needs a team that needs a shooter, he can play!!! write your pacers mngtment  and demand to get fredette! serious no joke!!
Grantox::Just an idea! Could not hurt! he lacks D but the way the rest of the squad plays D it wont hurt too much and he could come in and put instant points up, drain 3's better tahan ray allen
TimmyHardawayJr10::I'd be alright with Jimmer, but does he play defense?
Grantox::thats the prob, he is kinda lazy on D, but he could likely improve playing with the pacers. Screw Reddick, jimmer would be awesome!
Taco with a Q::I want JJ Redick (never thought Id say that a few years ago)  He would fit us well
Francis4345::Utah starter 35 pts , bench 49...
TimmyHardawayJr10::Might want to give DJ his back up spot back. Try to get his trade value up
Never Trust A Man Who Sleeps In A Hat::@tribjazzHow great would it be if Corbin decided to stay in Indiana for two more days. Hayward would love it  Can Corbin stay there for the rest of the season?
Grantox::Hey you guys should google Kanter and his haunted house interview, its so funny that guy is hilarious!!
Taco with a Q::Nice to see Pacers starters getting rest for once
leo9212::see you back on January 26, 2013. of course if the world doesn't end
TimmyHardawayJr10::Ok. I've got it. Every night the Pacers scorer 100  anytime during the season, fans get 10 free wings from buffalo wild wings. Might only happen like 10 times a season
Taco with a Q::lol 10?  thats too generous. lol
Taco with a Q::Lol I know, and I wish that would  change, keep up the D tho
TimmyHardawayJr10::It rarely happens, might as well.
bengalsrgay43034::Air plumlee
leo9212::Alley-ooppppp
bengalsrgay43034::I think favors will be great.  I don't like kanter tho, maybe its his face.
Grantox::kanter will be very good!!! favors very good! I like kanter, go find some of his interviews , he has one about how he thinks his house is haunted, go google it, you will die laughing he is  the team clown
Never Trust A Man Who Sleeps In A Hat::Lol, Kanter will be one of those players opposition fans hate
lll__::kanter might be better than favors
lll__::i think their games are pretty similar right now. if Corbin would just give them more time on the court together good things would happen
bengalsrgay43034::I mean I see favors potential, he is athletic as hell and can hit a jump shot.  He can be a top 3 center.  Kanter just looks big and uncordinated to me lol
MinnFanInUT::Dammit guys, you're that close to not being beat by 20.  DO EET!
Grantox::one good thing came from this, burks played well and should have to get more mins!!
MinnFanInUT::Like that'll happen.  Corbin'll tell him not to even dress for the Miami game.
OptimusPrime200.0::Alright you guys its been fun but like Corbin at the end of the season.... Im outta here
Never Trust A Man Who Sleeps In A Hat::As if these two teams have pretty much the same record
JoJoCrane14::Trade Jefferson for a point guard or draft pick Play Favors at the 5 and bring Kanter off the bench.   Play Burks 30 min a night.   Wont make the playoffs but fun to watch
Grantox::nah new starting lineup, jefferson, favors, hayward, foye, mo. bench kanter millsap, ma will, burks, watson
HELL NO DUDE IM A JAZZ FAN::This game sucked my Corbin,,,,  GN  JAZZ OUT !!!!
Watneys67::Jazz are going to have to beat Orlando on another back-to-back to avoid a 1-3 road trip
Grantox::Honestly I think you pacers have have gotta be the classiest fan base the jazz have played so far this season . nice to not here so much nasty trash talk
Taco with a Q::It gets heated when the Bulls and Heat trolls come in here, but we keep it classy in here and logical
TimmyHardawayJr10::Same to you.
Grantox::hear*
MinnFanInUT::Nice to see there's some non-$@%!$@%! fans for the Jazz fans to talk with.  You guys are great, Indy fans.
Mojazz::Jazz tried to give one away last night, and now the Pacers are simply humiliating the Jazz.  Jazz obviously are not ready to take a full season seriously yet.
