Brian Goff::JR should not be still playing 30 minutes a night. If he improves and gets back to what he did last year he should but right now he shouldn't play more than 20 minutes a game. Hardaway should be playing 20 minutes a game at least the way he is playing lately.
Raffi Chaglassian::watch him on defense.  he's an asset there and shouldn't be a liability offensively if he tones it he just looks to pass vast majority of the time (submissive>assertive).  so that's a net asset.  he's just been misused and has had too much self-perceived and external pressure to carry the team, the coach, and become something of a melo v.2 or something.    ya... hopefully he's starting to understand his role better now.   take what they give and don't try to take anymore.  let the teamates that can't play Defense worry about spending their energy on that end, while you save your energy for defense......
Joshua Azenberg::Raffi Chaglassian his role is a player who can score from every angle. If he drives, they have to back off leaving him open for jump shots and vice versa. Right now... it's jump shot first and it just simply can't be that way. If he can't drive, dish it back to the PG or set up a another play.
Brian Goff::Raffi Chaglassian He is better on defense than Hardaway but Hardaway does all of the hustle plays and seems to play with more energy and plays better team basketball. I just dont understand how he only gets 12 minutes in this rotation. If JR was playing better I would understand it, but JR is clearly off with his shot and hes not getting in the lane like he did last year.
Steven Rivera::So far in 2014 the Knicks have found a grove, they looked impressive. Players are actually making there shots after Melo kicks it out. Nothing new if you actually follow the Knicks instead of looking at box scores
Fjodor Balla::what a pathetic effort...How do you come out and lay an egg against a bottom east team like the Knicks? smh
Mark Antwan::Mavs have been inconsistent all year and truth be told they may not make the playoffs
Mike Tran::I demand drug test, these are not the same Knicks from last week.
Paul Dela Rosa::wtf lol
Shawn Bento::JR Smith is a cancer
Michael Shen::LOL look at JR's dirty play on Marion LMFAO http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WiiGDkPdQOA
Shawn Bento::Michael Shen, lmao nice
Andy P Kordyban::Mike Woodson should be working at Burger King
Carl D Hill::...So that you guys could talk sports during breaks?
Andy P Kordyban::Carl D Hill for the win.... CLANK.
Steven Rivera::Melo was +10 in Spurs game, +12 in Rockets game and +12 this game.   The guy is among the leaders in +/- this season IDK why would anyone even think about calling this guy overrated
Craig Meads::6 for 16, 44% on the season. He doesn't play defense and he looks to the refs after nearly every play looking for a foul while his team runs to the other end of the court. And the over/under stat is the most meaningless stat in the NBA.
Steven Rivera::Craig Meads Funny how when Melo has a bad shooting night you trolls come out the woodwards but when he shoots 50%+ you guys are no where to be found!   Melo doesn't play defense? False accusation buddy, Melo should be looking for the foul his job is other then score outside is like any other superstar which is be aggressive and get to the line, Melo gets battered and rarely gets any legit calls like most Superstars in this league gets the Knicks are bottom half of the league in Free throw attempts this year.
Tiago De Oliveira Tavares::Craig Meads Well maybe Melo being the Superstar that get less calls in the NBA has something to do with that. Hell, even Paul George get more calls than him. Guy was the best yesterday with 19-7-5-3-1.
Erick Gonzalez::FIREEEEEE this horrible coach.. Throw everything to selfish melo.. lol  Why is JR smith in this game.. Hardaway would be a better option, or any bum from the street.
Fjodor Balla::I smell chemistry issues on the Mavs roster.Dirk came out and said "we are not a playoff team" and tonight called them out again by shouting "what the f--- are we doing?"
Robert Paris::Melo is tired before the 4th and Woody has to give him a blow.  His shooting % is very low as is Smiths.   Both of them should be driving the ball to the hole or posting.  If not for Murry Hardaway and shumpert we would have lost this. Those are the young legs and they should play when felton
Carl D Hill::Lol...
Steven Rivera::Melo tries but gets hacked sadly he still doesnt get majority of the calls. Its not easy to drive in and recieve hits and no calls
Miguel Bayron II::Knicks r starting to put it ALL together, Iman is playing better, T Hardaway jr is playing good, WATCH OUT NBA!!!
Andy P Kordyban::lmao
Erick Gonzalez::Please get rid of this HORRIBLE COACH.  Why is A'mare, and Jr. Smith in the game.  Where's shump.. Ridiculous coaching
Bruno Berardi::mavs pathetic old and no talent
Craig Meads::Are you sure you're not talking about the Cowboys? At least the Mavs have a real coach, it could be a lot worse.
Shoot Jung::Mavs will win!
Constantine Lelis::no way.
Randy Ragsdale::The difference in the ball game for me was Tyson Chandler getting injured. Knicks defense played great, but when Chandler is not in the game this is a free-flowing Knicks offense and the ball moves. Everyone get touches, everyone gets open looks. The ball doesn't stick. Chandler's not stuck in the middle, getting in the way and everyone is feeding off the positive energy in the pick-and-rolls and getting good looks. This offense FLOWS BETTER when Chandler is not in the lineup. You want to have a chance, cut Chandler, go smaller and keep playing great D. Knicks have to realize that Chandler is past his prime and that he's more of a liability than an asset.
Steven Rivera::Tyson contract is up next season
Steven Rivera::Over paying for Tyson was dumb
Tom Horowitz::you must have missed   the SA and HOU games
Erick Gonzalez::Basketball is a simple game.  The reason, and only reason Knicks are playing better these past three games, is because they are playing unselfish basketball.  You want Energy?  That's how you produce energy. Make everyone in the game feel as if they are a part of the game.  I still like to get rid of Mike Woodson.  His substitutions are horrible.  Case in point.  Last game against the Rockets, Shump was feeling it, and he pulls him just to get JR in the game.  Go Knicks.  Lets try to save this season.
Floyd Hicks::The 2014 Knicks look like a completely different team. They are starting to get it. Not nearly as much standing around, a lot more ball and body movement, and everybody is looking to score.Teams can't play Melo the same way when u have scoring threats all over the floor. Knicks beat 2 and it should have been 3 teams of the powerful western conf, on their floor at that.  This 2014 verison is what I want to see most nights and better.
Steven Rivera::This team has enough to be competitive with anyone in the league, they just haven't played to their potential so far thru out this season and injuries killed them. Pacers game, Spurs game, Rockets game, Blazers game and other top gun teams in this league they been right up there and those games could've gone ether way. Now lets keep this energy moving 2014 looking good for us.
Lester Ayers::I like the mavs but they will not make the playoffs......the mavs fan can blame whoever they want but the problem is the coach.......he still thinks vince carter is a superstar and the mavs will continue to live off he won a title in 2011 but look at him now
Jason Walls::The Mavs are having the same late game issues lately as the Knicks. By halftime the Mavs will be up by at least 10.... But if they don't come out and play the same way in the second half, this will be a close game down to the wire. I'm going Mavs by 3. OR.... Mavs by 20. We shall see
Steven Rivera::Melo out playing Dirk tonight. Nothing new according to head to head record. Melo holds the head to head wins against Dirk, Durant, Lebron and CP3
Fjodor Balla::Bahahahaha
Steven Rivera::Fjodor Balla Bahahaha is exactly what I say when I see fans calling Melo overrated
Mike Vogel::Uh, Dirk and LeBron won championships. Melo never even got to the division finals.
Fjodor Balla::Mavs should come out swinging after that disgusting loss against Clippers and beat Knicks fairly easy
Rene Covarrubias::come on mavericks don't loose more then 7 points, please i need u on this one
Duddly Jones::jus when jose couldn't get any worse..........he duz
Aeron Uchiha::What's happening to Mavs? Can't believe it.
