Kobe isnt clutch::<a href=""> Here</a>
The Apologist::<b> Durant is a beast </b>
dejuan812::lebron and kd35 gettin down  http://bieber.ly/86f1
CaptainObvious20122012::Still waiting for the first game of the OKC season where Durant takes more shots than Westbrook. The Thunder can go undefeated in the regular season but if they do not change that garbage - they will NEVER win an NBA championship.
ThunderHornz::Captain Oblivious!
noname420::That is completely garbage as well.  Durant doesn't have to take more shots than RW, he is that good.  What the rest of league should be worried about is the Thunder growth into a passing team.  You saw it during the WCF last year to finish the spurs.  You are seeing it now with RW averaging greater than 8 assists per night.
Td4mvp3::no harden
ThunderHornz::Sweet!
JrueRandallHoliday::Russ with 4x5... awesome!
gsquared112::Anthony Davis=Oden part II?
951Antonio::Scott Brooks devised a great plan to slowdown Austin Rivers and not let him have another 30 point night.
sportsfan1014::to be honest, I expect Thunder to go all the way this year, anything less would be a disappoint..
CaptainObvious20122012::that makes no sense. they couldn't win last year and they lost Harden. They have a lesser team.
noname420::And you have not been paying attention.  The Thunder are better this year.
ForeverGrapeOKC::smh
_The Maestro_::this team is playing perfectly. This is the way westbrook should (and could) be playing. Around 18-20 ppg and 10 assts on efficient shooting.
Rdiu::he had a great game, but i still think he should shoot less , it's obvious that Durant is the better scorer and way more efficient finisher than him. Westbrook shouldn't had more attempts than him every single game
Mr. Nut Job::They are the best team in the NBA... on a mission and looks like they will be there!
sportsfan1014::Nick Collison = .620% this year, amazing..
gillcrist77::yes that is amazing
mstack8615::Unfortunately the Hornets didn't have Davis and weren't at full strength. I empathize with the Hornets and the building only gets better. The Thunder have proved that they are a top three team, and I can't wait until they smash the Nets on the road. Thunder Up.
FadeBackShoot2Points::I just wanna say great game guys I love hornets and OKC fans go NBA!!!!
FadeBackShoot2Points::this board died quick
The Honey Badger::Was never a game.
ForeverGrapeOKC::Beatdown in Nawlins!!! And the OKC haters remain quiet :) GG NO  Up next: Brooklyn
mstack8615::Ha! If you don't think the Thunder are a top three team you are kidding yourself. They'll beat Brooklyn on the road, unless Jay-Z takes mid-court by storm brandishing a pistol.
Masada Hawk::Well, most of 'em! Great win regardless... "weak schedule" or not!  You still have to go out and win. And that was a beat down! Thunder Up
Jayt5630::Brook wins by 15+ idiots.
noname420::HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA......HAHAHAHAHAHA
DaveOK69::Wow, what a sad, sad, little man.
DaveOK69::Good game Hornets.
NoThanks2U_17::HEAT, OKC, MEM and the three best teams. NYK and LAL are overrated trash
Jayt5630::Grats thumper fans on that weak schedule that you were hooked up with just so you can play the heat again, so much for the strike helping out the smaller market teams...
Snorkel Whacker::What an idiot.
Jayt5630::Ya, every team is blessed playing this trash team  two weeks ago..
jc_sooner::U are the biggest moron here
m-rich212::uhh every team plays eachother in the NBA what are you talking about?
ForeverGrapeOKC::Maynor is terrible im sorry
rockhunter45::Always happens ... as soon as someone says something like that ... they drain a 3 lol
PhillyPhever.FlyEaglesFly::Ryan Anderson is really good at shooting threes
ForeverGrapeOKC::Liggins!!!
thunderguy80::Jayt..u sir r a goat
thunderguy80::Every NBA city has had fans who were fans of other teams until their city got a team...that doesn't make me or them traitors.. it makes hometown fans supporting our city and team
Jayt5630::Surprised it isn't heatguy80...
Jayt5630::goat? you said yourself you were a spurs fan, but now your screen name is.....
ForeverGrapeOKC::OKLA wins OK State loses OKC up 20+  Good sports day!!!!!! :)
Dante012087::Well said brother
Jayt5630::Holy gosh darn the thumper's are gonna win the NBfake title..
ratso1::well the hornets should easily cover the -35. wait.. what???
Masada Hawk::This is a great time of year. NBA in full swing, college basketball is getting serious, the BCS has a decent championship match-up (at least on paper) and Christmas is 24 days away. Does it get any better? The falls Cowboys suck but... life can't be perfect! Thunder Up! Hoping Nick can have another 14+ game!!
-the-extra-pass-::Martin should get more iso's.
Masada Hawk::Thunder rolling. What a fun team to watch! Unbelievable how good these guys are! They LOOK like they're having fun. K-Mart is making the loss of the bearded one tolerable. Thanks, Seattle, for letting go of this team - we appreciate ya'll!
thunderguy80::How am i traitor...just because my hometown finally has a team I'm a traitor...every NBA city has hometown fans who were fans of other teams until their city got a team
Masada Hawk::Just living the dream, that's all brotha! No need to be Hatin'... but if that makes you sleep better, more power to you, man! Easy schedule or not, I'm just glad to have a good pro team! In Oklahoma, we're not use to the ball being round so cut me some slack!
thunderguy80::Ummm alot of us okies were fans of other teams even b4 the Hornets came here...so yea we do know about bball...I myself was a Spurs fan b4 the Thunder...
ThunderUpUNCPokes::^^^^^^^^^ LOL THIS GUY MAD
Jayt5630::so go suck the spurs nuts ya traitor
Jayt5630::Please, your thunder has had one of the easiest schedules in the league, you're lucky your bearded lady didn't dominate your easiest scheduled team behind the heat.
thedude0612::Sour grapes, dude. Very unbecoming of you.
Jayt5630::And all of a sudden idiot Oklahoman's or whatever you call yourselves know anything about bball......
lake_405::People think the only stat that matters is shooting percentage....not even close, no other point guard has the overall game Russell does.
ForeverGrapeOKC::Collison just thru down
ForeverGrapeOKC::Martin is going off now. My goodness
Jayt5630::Ya, watch kmart play 20 games the whole season, then see him perform in the playoffs...
BMITCH333::Westbrook for Prez!  Let Russell be Russell darn it !!
Qzhoopin20::People need to just leave Russ alone...quit trying to make him be John Stockton or Jason Kidd or Mark Jackson.  Let the man be the ball player he is!! He's got Brooks &amp; Cheeks over there on the bench to keep him on track!!
Bigjman55::It should be illegal for Russell to play basketball sometimes
ooboh::Calm down, Westbrook.
ForeverGrapeOKC::Russell 18pts 10asts 5reb 3stls
-the-extra-pass-::In 3 quarters!
.antistratfordian.::Russell has been playing out of his mind lately
ForeverGrapeOKC::yea keep an eye on us anti.....you'll see us in june :)
Bigjman55::Westbrook why you gotta be so nasty?
lake_405::Harden trade was the best thing to ever happen to OKC this team is unreal
ForeverGrapeOKC::agreed!!! We are much more lethal offensively
ForeverGrapeOKC::Westbrook!!!!!!!!!!
-the-extra-pass-::Goddamn Russ!
James Harden 3 point Celebration::that ball game
-the-extra-pass-::Martin and Harden not that different really.
fhsdawgs377::it would be awesome if eric gordon and davis can get over their pathetic excuses for injuries and get their $@%!$ on the court, paying both of them for nothing, especially gordon, dudes a pussyyyy
sooner1980wb20::so Perkins is a scoring machine all of a sudden?
ForeverGrapeOKC::Ok that was just nasty!!!! Crossover with the pass to Sef inside  KD!!!!
FatCat_00::Has Westbrook ever had a good shooting night ?
rockhunter45::He is a high energy, highly emotional guy which sometimes leads to poor shot selection. Still young and has some maturing to do. Scary to think how good he'll be when that happens
OCityorNoCity::^^^^ those are the kind of stats you make the Olympics with
sooner1980wb20::define "good"
sooner1980wb20::unfortunately... that's about the norm for him
FatCat_00::everytime i check he's 6-18 , 7-22   4-13
E L FUDGE::R.I.P. Coach Rick Majerus
sooner1980wb20::Wow! this is sad. I thought you were joking, but he really did pass.
cheeksb32::okc -3 2nd half is that good
