arehart88::The Morrii standing tall.
MyVendetta::Tank the season Suns.  Stop being mediocre for the rest of the NBA lifetime. I want to see a top 5 pick,  use this draft to reload for more draft picks, and try to go for a franchise player.     Stop being Sarver's piggy bank.
caluke1521::Lets go Wess! Suns didnt know they had a stud on there team all season ,i did
FORKWDEVIL::I think I am going to take a vacation from my Suns until next season
arizonasting13::booo
Arizona bear down::When you want the Suns to win they lose and when you want them to lose they win.... sigh.........
ctk3301::it's not like they would pick someone good anyways. look at their draft performance the past 5 years. they pick losers.
FORKWDEVIL::I agree we made some bonehead moves.
ctk3301::I said the last 5 years. You know, before we had dummies in the front office?
FORKWDEVIL::I remember we picked a guy from Central Michigan and all the fans (including me) laughed at the idea. His name ended up being "Thunder Dan"
mrkennedy23::What pick are you on pace for?
AZDbacksAZ::top 10.
FORKWDEVIL::Josh Smith 5 pts? LMAO. I am glad PHX did not pick him up.
GARAgaraharikari::omg, the hawks lost to PHX?!
arizonasting13::We beat the Spurs the other night too. On a 3 game win streak. Which sucks.
adammprimm@gmail.com::Some guy last week: I want Arizona to lose the rest of their games so we can get a high draft pick. Fair enough, and jokingly i say Oh yeah, I want us to win the rest of our games so we can be 43-39. We were 18-39 at the time. Now we are 21-39. Coincidence. I think not.
MacDre480::Andrew Wiggins in 2014 is the next NBA superstar though. The Suns need to somehow get the first pick in the 2014 draft and pick him.
arizonasting13::Don't forget Jabrari Parker, the Harrison twins and Dakari Johnson. All those guys would be the 1st pick in this draft.
FORKWDEVIL::Parker will be special. Upset the Duke got him however.
arizonasting13::Wiggins is the next LeBron, or closest thing to him. No way in hell he's Kwame Brown, the kid is special. He'd be the number one pick as a junior in high school if he was eligible to enter.
MacDre480::Have you seen the guy play though? He has all the tools to succeed.
korn7860::Would be better off collecting as many assets as possible, like the Rockets have done the last few years, and make a move for someone like Harden when he is made available.
korn7860::Not going to happen, and honestly, banking on a High Schooler to be the next star is plain dumb.  He could just as easily be the next Kwame Brown.
korn7860::Player I am really interested in seeing in the NBA is Rudy Gobert, 7'1" PF with a huge wingspan, good rebounding skills, and is actually a very good athlete.  A 7'1" PF with the athletic ability of a SF could truly make him a bargain from 12th and on.
MacDre480::I'm really interested in Victor Oladipo. He might be the most athletic player in the draft and he is a beast on defense but his Offensive game needs a lot of work. He has potential and from what I hear he is a hard worker but he is a pretty big risk
korn7860::Yeah, that kid pours his heart and soul into the game, hard to see him not being at worst a solid starter on a good team.
arizonasting13::He's gotten some D-Wade comparisons, not sure I agree with that but scouts love him.
arizonasting13::Another guy I like, Otto Porter. He has tons of potential, great motor and can take over games. Has size and a great ability to finish. If we end up with him and McCollum that would be a solid draft as well.
korn7860::He is labeled right now as the sleeper, could sneak into the top 3 according to many scouts.
MacDre480::It kind of sucks that the Suns are winning but if Wes Johnson actually develops his talent then that would be huge for us. Not to many guys with his length, athleticism, shooting ability, and defensive ability.
korn7860::I still think Wes Johnson will be playing in another uniform next year.
Cnr2011::anybody know why teague only played 21 minutes?
korn7860::He is always in and out of the coaches dog house, and honestly, he is not that good of a player, never truly bringing it each game.
Cnr2011::ight, just seeing if he was injured. didn't  get a chance to see the game. thanks
arizonasting13::McCollum will be the steal of the draft, calling that now. I'd take him in a heartbeat with LA's lotto pick (if they miss playoffs)
MacDre480::I also like Willie Cauley-Stein from Kentucky.
MacDre480::iF we traded the Our pick or the  Lakers pick + Marcin for a top 2 pick and got McLemore I would be pumped!!! He's going to be a great player in the NBA
MacDre480::Mclemore has the nicest looking shot outside of Ray Allen. He will be a really good shooter.
korn7860::I like him as well, great motor, not sure he is as good a shooter as advertised, but to give up a pick in the 7-10, as well as one in the 12-14 range, why not?  Thing is, top 2-3 teams will rarely trade the pick when a guy with such talent is available, and will have to hope he falls to 4 or 5 if they want to get him.
arizonasting13::I could see that happening, it'd probably take our own pick and Marcin to the Bobcats for McLemore. If we land McLemore I'd be happy, him and Dragic in the backcourt would be dynamic for years to come.
arizonasting13::Also, the Suns are very high on McLemore, I could see them trading up for him. Chad Ford said he's atop our board.
korn7860::Yeah, you have that option too, I am going to call this right now though.  The Suns will take Len, when they draft in the 7-10 range.  They will then trade Gortat for a pick in the 15-20 range, and get McCollum as well.  Len and McCollum paired with the Morris Twins, Tucker, Dudley, and Dragic is a good young core.
arizonasting13::I'm all for trading Marcin, and I've actually thought about them doing that scenario as well actually... weird you brought that up.   But I like Len, he'd be a solid pick but who knows if he'll be available around the 7-8 range. I wouldn't be mad if we ended up with him and McCollum though.
Only real fans stick with bad teams::I dunno about rooting for your team to lose......Plus in the NBA no lottery slot is guaranteed.
korn7860::Was asked what the Suns could get if they picked 9th.  Len, Zeller, or Muhammed would be the likely candidates.  I feel taking Len or Zeller would be wise, and then trading Gortat, say to Boston, for their first round pick in this draft, then taking CJ McCollum or Archie Goodwin, two solid prospects as well.
arizonasting13::I don't want Zeller, he's way too soft. His stock has been going WAY down lately.
arizonasting13::I'm just not a fan of him, he has very little upside, and isn't a great defender. I'd rather take a young, athletic wing and gamble on him. Shabazz, Porter, or Oladipo would be ideal.
korn7860::Often happens with big men until the combine comes around.  Most college teams struggle to use a big man the right way, especially a coach like Crean, who has always had his talent on the wing, never in the paint.
arizonasting13::We at least need a top 8 pick. Noel, McLemore, Shabazz, Len, Porter, Oladipo, Smart and Bennett.  Any one other than those 8 would be a let down.
korn7860::Zeller is going to be good as well,  And though you do not know the guys in the 10-25 range on the big board, I can make an argument why each and every one of them should be a top 10 pick.
arizonasting13::I don't know them? Buddy I know about this class just as much as any expert does, trust me. I've been following it since last year.
realitybitesyou::you suppose to lose idiots. wtf
Plex865::Falcons &amp; Hawks Biggest Chokers in Pro Sports
arizonasportsman::AZ Cardinals
Plex865::They dont choke they just SUCK no pun intended
Only real fans stick with bad teams::The Jets might suck/overrated, but the Yankees always have an All-star team and fold in the playoffs.
Only real fans stick with bad teams::The Jets?
Only real fans stick with bad teams::The Yankees?
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Two impressive wins in a row for Phoenix. I think it's safe to say my Kings r the worst team in the West.....gg Suns.
arizonasting13::We didn't want this to happen :(
arizonasportsman::What will a #9 pick get you in this draft?
korn7860::Eh, much more then that, this draft from 3-20 is just like last year, all worthy players.  You could net a John Henson type talent at 9.  Solid defense, good offense, but may take time to grow.  Or you can go the Sullinger route if the Suns believe they have a playoff shot, and take a more win now player, but less upside, someone like Dario Saric, big 6'10" SF with solid passing and defense, good offense, not quite an athlete, hence the lower upside.
Je5teR777::Austin Rivers type talent
Plex865::Atlanta doesnt deserve a NBA team
arizonasting13::we won, this sucks
Aaron14488::Cant stand so called fans that root for their team to lose! would much rather my suns start to build some good chemistry on the floor especially with the younger players and win more and more games to finish off the season.  No competitor would ever want to lose a game no matter how bad your team is or what it might do for you in the draft.  As a fan I want the same as my players and I guarantee all the players want to do is win.  Go suns!
MobyLick::None of the guys on this roster have any future with the team if the franchise wants to be a winner.  These aren't the type of players you build around.  Eventually, you need to have a terrible season or two to get the chance to draft an elite player.  If that doesn't happen, NBA history is not on your side.
Aaron14488::I understand the logic I just dont agree with it.  A top pick in the draft guarantees you nothing.  Figuring out how to play and improve with what you have is way more benificial towards the next season.  I can just never be a fan that roots against my team no matter the situation
Je5teR777::NBA Purgatory is not a fun place to be....
arizonasting13::lol
korn7860::As a Bucks fan, I really hope the Bucks make a strong push at Wes Johnson in the off season.  He may never be as good as the 4th pick he was suppose to be, but that is Minny's fault, not his.  The guys is still a very solid 3 pt shooter, athlete, and defender.
arizonasportsman::take him now, he is killing the suns.
arizonasportsman::Yep LOL
korn7860::Why is that?  Because he is helping you win games?
arizonasportsman::Please, any teams left in this damn league can put these suns away?
markpringle2003::?
Ameero80::Way to go Suns! Beat the best team in the league - San Antonio and now another playoff team out in ATL,  now lets win the lottery and draft Nerlens Noel or Ben McLemore
arizonasportsman::Not happening.
arizonasportsman::Tragic win for the Suns.
bigmoe456::unreal 2 grand stolen at the buzzer
bigmoe456::suns and hawks are teams i can never handicap correct...every time its a brutal beat with these 2 scumbags
boltonator11::Have a drink
rayallen1920::from horford lol
ald10435::same thought we were gonna get lucky meaningless 3
bigmoe456::yea what choice do i have
bigmoe456::had under 95 2nd half..sickening
boltonator11::U can handle it
boltonator11::God, sorry...
JOE CARLS::Starting to wish i was a Hornets or Bobcats fan........atleast they have  young talent and a direction!! With another young prospect coming in our Suns just get to look forward to SUCK!!!
torrtis::Not the Bobcats. They are miserable, will still be next year.
arizonasportsman::What young prospect?
JOE CARLS::my bad i meant NO and Cha get to look forward to another young prospect and the Suns get to look forward to SUCK. Wrote it wrong . NO has got Davis, Rivers , CHA has got Walker and Kidd-Gilcrest  and Phoenix has .......um..............................
42ncaanflnba::THE SUNS ARE A PIECE OF SHI.T
supremekid912::They did beat the Spurs in S.A
korn7860::It does look like the Suns are going to play their way out of a top 5 odds, but hard to say good bye top 5 pick, you never know in the lottery.  Dragic, Morris Twins, Dudley, and Tucker is a solid core, and Wes Johnson has been playing good as of late.  Falling back in the lottery is a blessing when young players like Dudley and the Morris Twins start to shine as the result.
MobyLick::No solid core includes players like Johnson, Tucker, and the Morris twins.  All 4 of those players are stiffs.
JOE CARLS::u are blind and RA TARDED!!
arizonasportsman::Suns FO is to blame for this mess....they go out and get players who want to win now instead of rebuild through draft.
torrtis::Look at Jsmoove stat line. LOL
boltonator11::Max my $@%
supremekid912::And he wants a MAX contract lol
boltonator11::You got lucky, suns. Off night, ready to get back to atl. Or team looks better lately
42ncaanflnba::F*** THE SUNS!
rayallen1920::meaningless horford three destroys second half under, hilawious
Je5teR777::We're going to have to depend on the Lakers for that top 5 pick.
supremekid912::Well the Suns had confidence after beating the Spurs the other night
flac412::Atlanta will always suck a.ss cheeks
42ncaanflnba::JUST LIKE YOU
Je5teR777::Goodbye top 5 pick
champion7876::how the FAWK does devon harris throw two nbad passes in the end of game.  Play the FIX hawks!!!!
FFCHAMPS23::Knew I shouldn't have put money on those pathetic losers.
jrockespn::Suns have a boat load of picks....
okc_gambler::Atlanta is pathetic
champion7876::FAWK OFF HAWKS, brutal effort,
JOE CARLS::Got to pray for Wiggins or Parker in next season's draft cuz we are f-ing ourselves over now
torrtis::Should the Suns tank when they play the Rockets 4 times the remaining of the season to get a better pick position from the Lakers as well as their own?
korn7860::Yes they should tank, they are 11.5 back.  But the thing is, their youth is starting to play well.  The Suns style of tanking is going to be playing the young guys, and the young guys playing the way they are can get this team in the low 30's ballpark for wins.
jrockespn::Rockets have no bench.
torrtis::Nope Atlanta owns Rockets first, if Rockets gets into the playoffs.
korn7860::Rockets do still have their own first I am pretty sure, they traded the Raptors first to the Thunder I believe.
torrtis::Traded away.
korn7860::Suns have been playing much better as a team since they united the Morris twins, and started to trust more in Wesley Johnson then Beasley.  Very good coaching moves by Lindsey.
realitybitesyou::hawks cant beat the suns???   wtf
korn7860::Suns have been playing good as of late.
