panther4406::Bucks fan here... but how did MKG only take 4 shots? Seems like he needs to be more involved.
badgersthreeinarow::500 at this point is not bad - if they would make a move and get one more good player who knows?
Miller Park After Dark::PROST!
AGirlThatLovesSports_::at least Mullens didn't attempt to shoot any threes today.
etony3311::I don't know where he gets this idea that he's Ryan Anderson or Kevin Love...but he's far from being either one.
etony3311::I drafted Ilyasova in a ton of leagues, cut him in every one...now I'm picking him back up. Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. Don't disappoint me, Ersan. You either, Scott Skiles. Pick a rotation and stay with it, for Pete's sake.
StompYourFace25::yeah I drafted him with the 35th pick, dropped him. won't be picking him back up.
panther4406::you'll be disappointd. ersan isn't a starter in this league.
packersfanfrom89::Nice to see Illyasova have a good game.  Knowing Skiles I guess that means he gets 6 minutes next game.
sduke1986::You're probably right about that.  Heck,  Dunleavy is the best SF on yalls team, and he can't buy a freaking start.  I guess he likes having that spark off of the bench though. I'm not a Bucks fan, but I have noticed what you're talking a out.  Oh you played good?  I will reward you with little to no playing time next game lmao.
---teethmold---::Until they shed the lousy Bobcats moniker, they'll always be the pathetic Bobcats. With New Orleans becoming the Pelicans, there's high possibility Charlotte will become the Hornets, next season. Bring back Hugo the Hornet, Jordan! Make Grandmama proud!!
sduke1986::Glad that Hendo is back from injury and playing so well.  I understand taylor did well in his absence (even though they play different positions), but Hendo should be the starter.  He was the leading scorer on the team last year, and probably the only reason they won 7 games.  19 points in 24 mins on 60% shooting is legit.  Say what you want about the Bobcats, but having a SG combo like Hendo and Gordon is pretty strong, not to mention a much improved and great playing walker at the point.  This team will be tough in a few years, just you wait.
b735player::i like taylor for his defense, i think realistically he should be playing 16-20 minutes a game though off the bench
sduke1986::I'm going home on leave and attending the Bobcats vs Cavs game, can't wait!!
---teethmold---::Hopefully they win! Enjoy the game! Hopefully this is the final season of the awful Bobcats!! Rebranding them as the Hornets, will bring the team good karma, just like the teams we had in the early 90's.
sduke1986::Yea that's what I was referring to, I'm pumped about the possibility!  Hopefully Michael can get that right!  I understand the thinking behind New Orleans being the Pelicans, but it still just sounds dumb lol
---teethmold---::Agreed!! Also many of the original Charlotte Hornets fans, don't support this team, because of the name Bobcats. It sounds crazy, but I know people who tell me, they will never go to a Bobcats game, because of the name. Bringing the Hornets brand back to Charlotte will in no doubt raise ticket sells, and popularity.
sduke1986::Hope they decide to change our name back to the hornets, that would be sweet!
---teethmold---::I read earlier, there's great possibility of it happening, and maybe as soon as next season.
Kujosh54321::Shake it off and be ready for the very tough game tomorrow.
Mo_Moot505512::Can you pick the best nba team:  http://tinyurl.com/free-fantasy-entry-for-nba
Bucky Scribner::Bring back Mourning and Larry Johnson!  Oh wait...
_I Am A Celtic_::Start Henderson!!!
YanksWS96::Teased 8 points on Charlotte to make them 14 1/2 point underdogs.  Guy misses three free throws.  Bucks win by 15.
korn7860::Well good game Bucks fans was fun, cya Sunday against the Nets.
BrewingUpSomeBucks::9-9, out of the division lead, this month will prove tough, we have a hard schedule
373Phil::Regardless, CHA has alot of upside, 2yrs time for Walker to develop and all these lottery picks to develop they will be ready to make some noise
sduke1986::Except for the part where he shot .459 last year......
sduke1986::Korn, um.....Gerald Henderson?  Leading scorer on the team last year?  He was hurt for a month and all the sudden everyone forgets about him.
b735player::he did shoot under 40% though last season, not good
Bucky Scribner::I thought Okafor was going to be a star.  Why did they let him go?  Also, Gerald Wallace was a beast when healthy.
Bucky Scribner::Yeah, but getting Chandler in return?  Might as well kept Okafor
TCluvcarpanthers::He's not worth his contract; that's why he was let go.
TCluvcarpanthers::Because he's paid like a star and is a slightly above average player.
korn7860::He is not a star, but he is a worthy starter in the league, was kinda shocked they got rid of him myself.  Okafor is a steady 10 and 10 player with tough defense.
korn7860::I firmly agree, Walker, MKG, and Biyombo is a solid core of players, still need to find 2 more starters, and then get 2-3 solid bench player to compete for the playoffs, so yes, it will take time.
ravese89::biyombo was a terrible pick, he was supposed to be able to play defense but hes not very good at that right now, they should just draft the best available player instead of drafting on potential
korn7860::Maybe they can be the 2 bench players needed.  Possibly add Mullens as a bench as well, but he seems to be one of the most inconsistent players in league history.
TCluvcarpanthers::You should add Gerald Henderson, Jeffrey Taylor (although, he didn't play well today), and maybe Byron Mullens to that list.
ravese89::they should have atleast 2 more lottery picks by the time walker develops
sunderland13::Thats all i ask for as a bobcats fan. Give their all and dont give up. Still po'd about that Knicks game. Just dont get blown out by SA
Bucky Scribner::14 blocks by the Bucks...nice D
rtx1125::How does a professional basketball player miss 3 free throws?
ravese89::dwight howard could've made atleast one
TCluvcarpanthers::Let's be real here....
Bucky Scribner::They need to go back to the underhand scoop shot like Rick Barry did
korn7860::I ask myself this everyday being someone who when I was in game shape could continuously make 19-20 and have multiple streaks of 60 plus.
Bucky Scribner::Nice move by Lamb there
TCluvcarpanthers::Right by Diop
sunderland13::hey Diop is MVP this game!
korn7860::Uhggly - you're an idiot  Again I ask you Uhggly, do you honestly think that Henson is better then Udoh, Sanders, Ersan or Moute as of right now?
korn7860::He had less then 20 because he was playing God awful when he was out there, go back and watch the tape.
Uhggly::When he gets minutes he's been more productive than all of them not named Sanders.. feel free to watch the games
Uhggly::and how many minutes did he play in those games? intermittent minutes lead to intermittent play
korn7860::How can you say that, again, he did great in one game, he really did.  But he also started 5 games after that and had a PER in those game, since you are a big PER guy of 4.8 on average, with a +/- of -22.  One good game out of 5, so that is what you would use to base an NBA star, nice to know this.
Bucky Scribner::Why are the Bucks chucking it up?  under a minute you hold the ball, work the clock...that is your best friend
korn7860::This is why Henson, Harris, and Lamb are not ready, they do not know basketball in the NBA yet.
Uhggly::you're an idiot
korn7860::All those people asking about why Lamb does not play more, this is why as well, 4 possessions 2 turnovers and 2 rushed missed shots.
danglehossa22::Milwaukee is going to have to leave the city. Pathetic end to the game.
korn7860::Its 8-12 against 8-12 who cares.
TCluvcarpanthers::MKG was playing. We cheated lol.
korn7860::Referring to John Henson  Uhggly - In the pros?have you seen him play?    Are you honestly trying to insinuate that Henson deserves to play over Udoh, Sanders, Ersan or Moute?
sunderland13::I told you when Diop went in i smelled a comeback. Teams can't shoot around him bc of his girth.
Bucky Scribner::Or stop him from scoring from the top of the key either
sunderland13::he got deganaria :)
TCluvcarpanthers::Lmao lmao lmao lmao.  The Bucks love to make it interesting.
Bucky Scribner::Bobcats making it look close...12-2 run
Uhggly::Where the Fuq is Henson? is he in Skiles doghouse for something?
Bucky Scribner::Tobias Harris also not seeing any significant time the last few gamnes
korn7860::Because both young guys are showing they just cannot hang with adults yet, give em time, I think both have a bright future.
korn7860::He is just to raw, he is out there now, but he should never be above Udoh, Sanders, Ersan, Moute, or Dalembert for that matter.
korn7860::Uhggly - So you saw his 17 point, 18 rebound game? Sound like a guy who's overmatched? Not to mention his 15+ PER  Per is overrated, and again, one game does not make a good and ready player, you really need to get over this topic.
Uhggly::So you saw his 17 point, 18 rebound game? Sound like a guy who's overmatched? Not to mention his 15+ PER
korn7860::Uhggly - In the pros?have you seen him play?  Are you honestly trying to insinuate that Henson deserves to play over Udoh, Sanders, Ersan or Moute?
korn7860::Uhggly - In the pros?have you seen him play?  Again yes I have, have you seen him get shoved around like a rag doll, not able to box out, and made to look like a fool, because I know I have.  He had one good game, one game does not make a player ready.  He needs time to learn the league, get his legs under him, and hit the weights.
Uhggly::In the pros?have you seen him play?
korn7860::Uhggly - Have you seen him play?  Yes, a lot actually was a big fan in college.  He has a bright future, but is not ready right now, most rookies are not ready.
Uhggly::Have you seen him play?
Uhggly::Oh there he is
Bucky Scribner::LOL...Bobcats feed showed the "Bronze Fonz" statue, but edited his thumbs up with both thumbs down
JABShocker::Glad to see Gooden in now. Let's hope the is the last time we see him until another blow out, however.
korn7860::While the Bucks would like to move Drew Gooden's contract, there's no urgency to "dump" him, since he's still a mentor and leader in Milwaukee, says Steve Kyler of HoopsWorld.  This could also be an exact reason the Bucks can trade him for something worthwhile, as there are a lot of teams looking to add solid veteran leadership.
korn7860::I see teams like the Spurs, Thunder, Heat, and Clippers as teams that will look to get him.  He has what Title hopefuls are looking for, and yes, I put the Clippers in that category, if you have CP3 you never know.  Dude almost single-handedly beat the Lakers a few years ago.
TCluvcarpanthers::The Bobcats could definitely use him. I'm not sure who we could give you though and his contract isn't the best.
NY NBK Far Superior 1::Bucks killing the Bobcats
korn7860::Yes they were killed this game, it would likely be over 30 if the Bucks kept the starters in, you know this.  Just a bad game for the Cats, road games are tough for young teams like the Bucks and Cats.
NY NBK Far Superior 1::Bobcats are improving though
NY NBK Far Superior 1::I see
TCluvcarpanthers::Losing by 19 is being killed?
NY NBK Far Superior 1::a  20pt lead is close to blowout
etony3314::ddmanso1 Ignore BUCKS NEWS   LARRY SANDERS HAS BEEN PUT ON THE TRADE BLOCK LAST NIGHT   ALREADY 2 TEAM(UNKNOW TEAMS) HAVE MADE OFFERS   GOOD OR BAD FOR THE BUCKS  A random person on the internet has a ridiculous rumor for us? I don't know about any of you, but I totally believe him.
Bucky Scribner::Wow...Gooden is in the game!
Mr. Bradford::Noah and Rondo had sick stats tonight.
etony3314::Is Ersan back?
Bucky Scribner::yes, he is back
etony3314::He still wasn't rebounding though until tonight.
Uhggly::Henson better be in fuqqin' soon
Cotton Eyed Joe ARD::This Bobcats team just doesnt have offense. They can get stops but they can't do anything after that. They really need to search for a consistent scorer...
Dylan6517::They have Kemba
sunderland13::Diop is in!! I smell a comeback
sunderland13::HE SCORED!!
TCluvcarpanthers::I still find myself watching this...
Doodzy4::Monta Ellis and a big for Pau Gasol and Steve Blake?
Doodzy4::Bucks get solid big man Gasol and Kobe gets the relief he needs?
ddmanso1::maby........i like it but im not sure how fair it is...
ddmanso1::why did we trade kareem abdul jabbar for so bad talent???
Bucky Scribner::We got a lot of milelage out of that trade  Elmore Smith, Brian Winters, Dave Meyers and Junior Bridgeman.  We traded Smith for Rowland Garrett, Ernie Grunfeld and George Johnson  We traded Bridgeman for Terry Cummings, Craig Hodges and Ricky Pierce  We traded Cummings for Greg Anderson and Alvin Robertson  We traded Hodges for Jay Humphries  We traded Humphries for Blue Edwards, Eric Murdock and a 1992 1st round draft pick (Lee Mayberry)  goes on and on...that trade gave the Bucks a lot of good players over the next 20 years +
Bucky Scribner::Ersan!
spikekl::why cant I watch the Bucks in Wisconsin?
ddmanso1::or u can go to http://www.sportshunter.me/watch/157556/4/watch-milwaukee-bucks-vs-charlotte-bobcats.html
Bucky Scribner::If you have a computer, you can  http://atdhenet.tv/56647/watch-charlotte-bobcats-vs-milwaukee-bucks
korn7860::They have always had 6-10 games they do not televise, since like 1995.
korn7860::They are also typically home games, and also nights they typically offer very good ticket deals.
I like the Packers::Is Mullens ever gonna be dealt? I feel like he would draw quite a bit of interest.....
miked_1::how come the Bucks not resting their starters?
colaroaster::psycho skiles has something to prove
ddmanso1::bucky is right
korn7860::Teams have a tendency to go through stretches where they shoot 80% against us and go on 15-0 runs.  It is only the 3rd, he will rest them in the 4th.
Bucky Scribner::That's what the 4th quarter is for
miked_1::korn7860 - who are 7-10 and a competitive team.  Like we said, they will sit in the 4th.  ok,ok,ok,ok,ok,ok,ok,ok,ok,ok,ok,
TCluvcarpanthers::Wow, couldn't have said it better myself.
korn7860::who are 7-10 and a competitive team.  Like we said, they will sit in the 4th.
miked_1::comn its the Bobcats!
korn7860::Honestly, you know who Sanders reminds me of.............  Dikembe Mutombo
Bucky Scribner::Funny, but looking into a Sanders trade lead me to a Spurs forum where they are proposing this:  Send Gary Neal and DeJuan Blair for Larry Sanders and a future second round draft pick. Or send Nando De Colo straight up for Sanders.
ddmanso1::i could not see buck orangazation doing this
korn7860::I would not take either of those offers, nor would the Bucks, Sanders is easily a top 10 defensive post player, and is I believe 24 years old only.
korn7860::I think Blair PPG will go up sans Duncan, but only to around 11-12 per game, Sanders gives much more above the rim action, which is hard to find.
I like the Packers::Blair also is an undersized Center averaging 6ppg...no thanks
korn7860::KN_WisconsinFan - Dejuan Blair is great in the post also and is 23.  Gary Neal is a great player.  Gary Neal is far from a great player, he hit a lot of horrible shots against us, he is a third string PG at best.  Blair I give you, but I would still prefer Sanders hands down because of the ceiling.
KN_WisconsinFan::Dejuan Blair is great in the post also and is 23.  Gary Neal is a great player.
I like the Packers::I don't know if I like either deals....
KN_WisconsinFan::interesting....
korn7860::ddmanso1 - BUCKS NEWS   LARRY SANDERS HAS BEEN PUT ON THE TRADE BLOCK LAST NIGHT  ALREADY 2 TEAM(UNKNOW TEAMS) HAVE MADE OFFERS  GOOD OR BAD FOR THE BUCKS  I like your Troll attempts.  Thing about this all is, the Bucks will most certainly be players at the trade deadline this season.  They have some very nice expiring contracts, want to make a playoff run, and also have players like Gooden and Ellis who can provide for playoff teams if we were to in fact go on a huge losing streak and deal Ellis.
korn7860::Either way you look at it, the Bucks are very likely to make a move either working for next season, or dealing some depth for an upgrade.
