themightyrule10::can someone explain what JJ barea has done to deserve his amount playing time..?   perfect example of a rushed signing...the guy had a flukey performance in the playoffs last year...played on a loaded Mavs team with several shooters so the floor was spaced the whole time and allowed easy driving lanes.   Khan doEs not understand the game
natskivna::Your team is growing.  Any NBA fan would have to be an idiot not to see it.  Right now, with Adelman there you have a solid future.  All you need is a solid 3 point threat, stay injury free and CONFIDENCE when closing out teams.  Good luck the rest of the way.  I think you guys are this years "Memphis".
Been banned so many times::2 of the 4 losses for houston at home were to the wolves
Dinomeyt::Awesome!! Can we just face texas forever?? Sure we get sick of facing the same stinking teams but we would kick @$$
minnyfan22::GOOOOOO WOLVES!!!
twinsfan205::Nice win Twolves! You are the only team in town giving us hope.  Tubby should learn a lesson or 2 from Adelman.
Dinomeyt::He will get the other players in. They will play, its just really hard to sub out love and pek last night. Rubio was tough to take out as well. Derrick does need PT, but he needs to improve his shooting and stay off of twitter. Be glad ur on the starting roster and not in D-league
natskivna::Here's where Adelman might frustrate you.  He is VERY VERY loyal to his favorites.  Even when they play badly.  If you get in his doghouse, you aren't getting out.  Ever.  This has pluses and minuses.
Dinomeyt::Every coach should learn from Adelman. Wild are a sad story. Gopher hockey is great, but I don't see them in the Frozen Four or the Championship game. Vikes are mediocre and who knows what the Twins will do this year
themightyrule10::why arent wolves fans calling for JJ barea to leave? Or Darko? Or brad miller? Or luke ridnour? Or even Anthony tolliver???  Instead they want Beasley and Wes Johnson to to leave??? What???
JCram08::get off this and get a life
Terrmac2657::I agree with you md7152 I think Luke has done a pretty decent job so far this season. about 2 assists to 1 assist to turnover rate isnt terrible, but has been worse the last few games as has the whole teams. I think part of that has been the fact that Adelman is constently changeing players all the time.And I do think D Williams deserves more playing time the way hes been playing to. Heck W Johnson has stunk up the floor except the past couple games. So IMHO Adelman should stick with his starters more sept for W Johnso who hasent deservedthe starter roll. So Love, Rubio, Pekovic, Beasley ( should be ) and Ridnour should get there 30-35 minutes Love and Rubio 40 if needed  and than go to your backups less unless foul trouble or of course injurys. Wes J shpould not be getting 22-25 minutes per game hes like a 35 % shooter and hasnt played that great on the D side of the ball either. Time to give D Williams those minutes and make Wes earn his.
Grubie024::ridnour as a backup pg is a great luxury What i can't figure out is do we want beasley or D-Will.  Gotta give Derrick more PT...   Darko is trash but a good (and expensive) backup center JJ is great to come off the bench at 2 cuz he gets to the basket so well
md7152::Luke is and has been 3rd or 4th best wolve consistently this year.  enough said
themightyrule10::You honestly can't tell me JJ barea is a great 2....he's like 5'7. he can't d up big guards, neither can Luke but at least Luke doesn't hold the ball and force dumb shots like JJ.  And it's not a "Beasley or dwill" situation...Beasley fits much better as a 3, he's a better pure shooter and ball handler and at 6'10 can spread the floor and cause many mistmatches. Derrick is more of an undersized 4 who is struggling with the speed of being a 3...in my honest opinion I think the wolves could have passed on d-will and either traded down to either get a guy like iman shumpert...next offseason could be difficult to fill holes with lack of picks...
priceofliberty1776::Go to target center.     darko, ridnour, and miller frequently get  comments that they suck and should leave.  JJ doesn't because unfortunately his turnovers seem to be ignored.  I don't personally agree with ridnour  leaving.    He isn't great but he isn't as bad as people say.     Johnson though -- Webster should be starting not him.
themightyrule10::why would the wolves think about trading Beasley? Just another blunder by the wolves.....always throw away talent
priceofliberty1776::Beasley unfortunately is terribly inconsistent.    This makes his stats unreliable.    The coach says we play better when he isn't on the court.       He has a lot of cons for his pros.    Besides he costs more than others with the same stats.
MarkyMarc641::If you actually watch the games, you will have noticed Beasley isn't the black hole he was earlier in the season. If he takes bad shots or doesn't move the ball, he sits. Adleman has made that clear. Too much upside to dump. JJ, Darko, Miller... these are the guys we should be wishing to leave.  Barea was terribly over-valued thanks to what he did in the playoffs last year. Move him before everybody figures this out.
MN57::I agree.  I hate reading on this board how people want beas gone but then go and praise jj or luke or at ... beas is the only player who can really create his own shot, and do it well.... he needs to be able to put up shots like any scorer and find a rhythm his erratic minutes will never allow him to be as good as he is able to be...
themightyrule10::yes! I bet his head isn't in it either, he's playing out of frustration....he started last year and had much more support and confidence from the coaching staff....now Adeleman treats him like a child and sits him after a bad shot
JWagg12::You seem to forget that when he touches the ball the offense dies. Of course he is going to have a good game here and there but its going to come with taking 21 shots too. That is not his role this season. You also seem to forget he punched a fan in a summer game last year as well as got caught with weed AGAIN lol.
themightyrule10::Wolves fans better be careful what they wish for....if Beasley leaves our offense will struggle against good teams-fact.
themightyrule10::getting caught with weed doesn't define him as a basketball player...he's 23 years old, a 2nd overall pick and has soo much upside.  Don't act like he doesn't pass the ball....he's got great vision. He doesn't shoot 21 shots a game....  He's one of the few guys on our team who can create 1 on 1, and you need that in the playoffs or against good teams because you simply can't run offensive sets every single possession....  Basically, the pros outweigh the cons with Beasley, he should stay.
themightyrule10::you seem to forget he was the wolves go to guy last year and a big reason for the high expectations this year....
David199290::This was a close game result, so it shows that Houston Rockets will not go down without a fight.
Dinomeyt::it was a close fight, but u left ur face wide open the wolves suckerpunched u, badly. Nobody was defending Pek, and it hurt u.....bad
natskivna::We got the snot kicked outta us.  Period.
priceofliberty1776::fight?   That was a fight?   Looked more like the wolves beat them again and by a lot.    The rockets defense was terrible.   The wolves should not be shooting more than 43%.
JWagg12::A fight? They got man handled the entire game lol. Stats dont always tell the story. Especially when love had an easy lay up with 40 sec left and pulled out. By doing that Rubio didnt get his double double and the rockets went down to score a garbage lay up with 5 sec left.
bigten08::The question is why is espn not even mentioning the fact both Love &amp; Pek had 30+ points, 10+ boards &amp; 2+ blocks which has happened something like 2 times in the past 25 years.
ibnfrey::Go Wolves! :)
_tjc44_::Can any Timberwolf fan anser this? why in the HELL is Michael Beasley still on the team?
StPaulPorkProducts::Beasley is learning how to pass this year.  That's a big transition, and he had a couple great ones last night.  Beasley playing more selfless ball is not the same thing as him not trying.    If he can find a balance with shooting and using his scoring potential and talent to open up other guys, he'll only be a better presence for us as we enter the playoff stretch.  Consistency in his scoring is a huge issue though, as with the rest of the team.  But when he's on he shows he has all-star potential.
priceofliberty1776::Probably because he costs too much and no one wants him.     And honestly I'd rather have Beasley than Johnson.     Johnson has had 2 good games all season and only one was a home game.     Beasley while inconsistent still does manage to get a decent game once in a while.  I thought Wes's had a fever or something since his 3 pt percent was 33%  that's high for him.
bigten08::Saying Beasley only puts up minimal work is far from the truth. He's one of the hardest workers on the team and that's coming from people close to the organization. He may have his mental issues, but one thing he does have going for him is the amount of hard work he puts in.
erikthe10man::The REAL question WHY is Wesley Johnson STILL WITH THE TEAM? I'd keep Beasley over that bum any day - and I don't like Beasley.
MNfreakTim::hopefully its just trade bait with his expiring contract. other then that i am right there with ya
oste0130::Ask Beasley that. Cuz, you know, NBA allows players to demand trades and go where they please. Maybe he enjoys the Love, Pek, Rubio show and he's content putting up minimal work for big dollars.
jack butler505::the reason he's putting up "minimal work" is because he's coming off the bench and only getting like 20 minutes a game. What do you want him to do, score 20 points in 20 minutes?
jonnyd_94::its not easy moving players like that.  Goes to show raw talent can only get you so far, the great ones understand the game and utilitze that talent.  Bird, Jordan, Magic.
kenbomc::cuz he's on our roster. :-/
GoMeZxSCFx::Wait the Rockets are above .500?! Jeez how did they manage this?
jiggy007::My GOD the Wolves got a headline without having to step on Scola's face.
jonnyd_94::I know, its too bad Scola isn't half the player Love is, maybe they'd get the headline and the win
NBA_refs_are_weak::whats the deal on nikola? hes putting up some nice numbers. Ive only gotten to see him play once, but it was against dwight and he was definitely holding his own physically which I cant say about alot of guys. at the very least hes a strong $@% dude
888METAL888::Also the nickname he likes the most is The Godfather. =)
888METAL888::Last season was his first and he needed some time to adjust. Though when he got time to play he would pick up fouls yet given the time he played you could see the promise. This season it was looking like he would get the nod over Darko but received an injury so he needed time of course.  Also you have to factor in Kevin and Beasley getting their minutes for the first time of their careers as well as Darko. So that played a part I think in terms of developing with one another.  Now Love and Nikola are feeding on the inside instead of just Love this season.  Not to say that Darko and Beasley haven't done that just consistently they haven't.
scubasteve520::D A M N...... Kevin Love is just a pure beast. I remember him killing us at McKale in his college days but never expected him to play like this consistently. Wow. Unlike Shaq, this big dude can make his fros!
toshsghost::T-Pups take 3 out of 4 from Houston, and yet are still two games behind them.  Doesn't bode well for making the playoffs.
StPaulPorkProducts::I think we can move past Houston, Memphis, and Utah.  That should be our goal.  But even in our division if we win a couple games and the guys ahead of us lose a couple, then we're the team right behind Oklahoma City.  It's crazy how close we are to that.  The question is if we make that jump can we actually hold the position.  Right now we are still figuring things out and too streaky to do that.
mn_tanz::It bodes fine.  There are a lot of games left to be played and MN already has the tiebreaker against Dallas, SA, and Houston, if it comes down to that.
PoRtEr_24::Good game Wolves
Dinomeyt::to anyone who believes in accuscore, Screw You!
NBA_refs_are_weak::lol. let me know when you find out a gambling method that is undefeated. ill hop on and we'll earn billions
Dinomeyt::i wanna see undefeated, defeat not acceptable
DupeyJN::Using Accuscore has allowed me to be 134-19-7. Come join me and see how it works at my website: www.you're.an.idi.ot.com
md7152::"Look, they just beat us up," said Rockets coach Kevin McHale. "The bottom line is Pekovic had nine offensive rebounds. Rubio dribbled around, made shots, made passes. Ridnour got loose early. They just beat it up. Bottom line. They rolled hard, got in the paint and we didn't have any answers for them."
StPaulPorkProducts::Props to McHale for grabbing Love.  He doesn't get enough credit for that.  He really saw something in him, not just another big white guy like him, like we all said when that trade happened.  OJ Mayo over Love are you kidding me?  Glad we beat him 3 out of 4 though.
priceofliberty1776::I'm surprised the Rockets fans aren't blaming the refs.    What is this 4 -0 now wolves vs. rockets.
md7152::Good win for Adelman too.  I bet it feels good to see your team come out and execute the game plan with such precision.  Rubio and Luke spreading the floor and operating from both wings exposing holes up and down their defense while being able to find the bigs.  It is only one game but excited to see them moving in the right direction.
NBA_refs_are_weak::not to mention against his old team
Dinomeyt::I talked to a rockets fan on the board couple hours ago, and he said nobody but parsons and lowry were trying fourth quarter. It was close, but love and pek are becoming a force
Dinomeyt::pek getting love from bruce bowen and NBA live. Pek, who would have thought
PacTenJunkie::Love is ridiculous. I would love to have a guy like him in Portland with Aldridge.
priceofliberty1776::no no, aldridge needs to go to the wolves.
Dinomeyt::Sorry we would want Aldridge if we ever traded love to Portland. I would rather see him there than in LA if he ever leaves Minnesota. Being that's where he's from.
The North Star State::I am still trying to figure out why Pek get  ZERO  airtime.
oste0130::Pek&gt;Lin
Dinomeyt::We r in Minnesota. If he were in LA or NY it would be a different story. But i like that he is under the radar, it'll bite espn in the @$$ later
themightyrule10::Ricky looks tired
maxadamson::PEK!!!
Dinomeyt::#9 of the lakers......meth dealer???
PhilMNAP::LA won. But at least the Vikings got a new deal. :)
Dinomeyt::I want to see them win something for a change. U know, a change in scenery
XxLeprechaunxX::well should be getting off now, great game tonight!  wes almost got me drunk lol, see yall later
Dinomeyt::What pek was doing before joining the timberwolves http://media.comicvine.com/uploads/3/38813/1525101-poseidon_vs_kratos_super.jpg
Dinomeyt::Scola makes pek angry, goes above what love did http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Pt7MdLDd2A
Dinomeyt::What Pek does to anyone who makes him angry http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zAcIdPDciFM
XxLeprechaunxX::hahahah awesome
XxLeprechaunxX::basically what hes been doing since too lol
The North Star State::Check out how garbage Gasol is playing.  Why would Kahn want him?
Dinomeyt::adelman has a say in the front office so rick might save us from kahns terrible mistake
XxLeprechaunxX::i think (or hope) that there are to many people who care alot about the wolves now to let Kahn make anymore terrible decisions
Dinomeyt::It's kahn, hes like al davis without all the stupid wardrobe decisions
cynskeptical::Rudy Fernandez, Rubio´s room mate in the Spanish NT and a good shooter. http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=6s8ppww
Dinomeyt::We would never understand them though lol
Dinomeyt::Thats not bad at all
The North Star State::Who else is pissed off that Kahn wants the Lakers washed up garbage?
Dinomeyt::Oh definitely. If you want to play, u need to play the way ur coach wants u to. Williams is mad, but in all reality, his free throw and jump shot is not good.
The North Star State::We have the ability to be a top 5 teams for the next 10 years if we play this right.
Dinomeyt::All their players are old, and all their young ones suck
The North Star State::Honestly I don't want anything from the Lakers.   Not even Kobe.
XxLeprechaunxX::yeah only reason id want them in a trade is if it was some 3 way trade, cause they have nothing of value to use AT ALL
XxLeprechaunxX::World Peace sucks so much id rather have Wes anyday
Dinomeyt::And this is wes we r talking about
Dinomeyt::Lakers would want to get rid of Metta Peace before Gasol and if the wolves get him, I'm going to lose it
The North Star State::I would tweak because DWill would fall further down the depth chart.
jank6708::T-Wolves are 15-16 with 35 games left I predict we go 24-11    39-27 overall and get the 8th seed     Thoughts.........................
catimmerman::I would love for them to have a record like that, but for now I would be happy with .500 and an 8th seed
jank6708::I'll be happy with any seed
XxLeprechaunxX::that record i think will fetch better than an 8th seed, but i dont disagree
The North Star State::I agree 39 - 27 will be higher than the 8th seed.
The North Star State::Now that we have the Pekker I have to agree.
Giggity.iggity::Not a fan of the T-Wolves, but Pek has been an absolute beast in his last 10 games or so and I'm happy to see him dominate like he did today.
Kylejweinmeyer::screw linsanity, we have pekomania!!!!
Dinomeyt::Linsanity needs to fade before that happens
XxLeprechaunxX::i wonder how much longer it will be before he is seriously recognized around the league, kinda hoping he goes under the radar a bit longer
Dinomeyt::How many centers have had 10 game stretches like he has? he's such a great center.
jank6708::it's good to be a T-Wolves fan!
Kylejweinmeyer::woohoo! for fellow U of M students! haha but yeah, it's good to see something around here win for a change
The North Star State::Wild $@%!$@% suck.
Dinomeyt::No kidding, especially on the road. We flat out sucked on the road last year
Dinomeyt::lets just forget it. If the wolves play like tonight, this team is going to be fun
XxLeprechaunxX::And to think we fired Mason, who had made 6 straight bowl games and beat Mich, ALA and others during his tenure, was fired for 1game in which we were up 35-3 at halftime against Texas Tech and lost. we were actually decent then
The North Star State::Somehow he got a job with Fox football though.
Dinomeyt::Aw the last brewster year. Never stayed at TCF for longer than a half with brewster. It was a waste of $90. Then this years Nebraska game, Kill is ok, but it was nothing but bright red after halftime
XxLeprechaunxX::should have been out the door a long time ago (see Brewster Hire)
The North Star State::I wish hockey were more popular.  Is it so much fun to play.
Dinomeyt::Anyone could be better than Maturi. That man dug a hole in our athletics department.
Dinomeyt::itd be nice if our nhl team could have the hype the wolves do, sadly the wolves have more stars right now. I mean we have 3 players should be 4 participating in the All Star Weekend. How long has it been since that happened
XxLeprechaunxX::^unfortunately hockey is my least favorite lol, hope the new AD will give a sh*t about major sports
The North Star State::Hockey is the only relevant sport at the U.
Dinomeyt::I'm a sophomore, and hockey is our only hope lol unless wrestling magically becomes huge in the nation
XxLeprechaunxX::being a senior at the U, gopher bball is a bit of a sore subject as well
Dinomeyt::I feel like I sinned for bringing up the wild lol
The North Star State::We have actually be great on the Road.  I am hoping we start playing better at home.
Dinomeyt::Plus with gopher basketball choking and the wild becoming the sad story of the nhl
The North Star State::We are so used to losing that any win is a breath of fresh air.
ilyak_17::The white big 3 put up 81 tonight!
The North Star State::NBA better get used to it.
Theron3591::idiots.. this is real life
Theron3591::houston we have a problem.. it's called you suck $@%!$@%
yaomingoneil::houston, bring your rocket back from china.
The North Star State::Dreamcast was the best system.
slickestTRE::I had both.  PS3 is by far the better system: free online play, quiet system, better dashboard, and of course a sony blue ray player.  It's not even close
Dinomeyt::PS3 has Infamous, God of War, Little Big Planet. LBP is fun for all ages. God of War is such an intense game and the first Infamous was incredible
Dinomeyt::MW3 is so good. But being in college with so much homework, I get really little time to play. Assassin's Creed is just like Pek's pre basketball career lol
The North Star State::I have never played them. The only game I play now is Call of Duty.
Dinomeyt::GTAIV, such an amazing game
The North Star State::3 was my favorite game ever.  Then I played San Andreas.  I have GTAIV but haven't finished it.  San Andreas was my favorite by far.
Dinomeyt::PS2 was ok at most. Its still priced at $100 at best buy. PS2 games were much cheaper though
XxLeprechaunxX::ha! i have GTA3 in my PS2 right next to my computer lol amazing game
The North Star State::I would say 3 and San Andreas were better.  But they were on Ps2.
Dinomeyt::Xbox does win when it comes to getting the games early. U guys always get the good games first. I don't like COD being on Wii, it plain flat out sucks!
The North Star State::I don't know.  PS3 gets Grand Theft Auto......    Hands down the best video game ever, besides Golden Eye and Streets of Rage.
Dinomeyt::I have nothing against xbox. But a friend of my brother got the red ring a total of 6 times, each happening the week after they fixed it
XxLeprechaunxX::nice, i should've upgraded years ago, my old one was sooo horrible, it scratched discs and stuff too.... ughh what a nightmare.
The North Star State::Yeah my box is an elite... I got it 3 years ago and haven't run into any problems.
Dinomeyt::I got the coal black ps3, it's one of my prized possessions which will include either a Love, Rubio, Pek, or Williams jersey when I watch the wolves face the lakers
XxLeprechaunxX::Red ring MANY times on my old xbox, i have a new elite now though no problems yet, fingers crossed!
The North Star State::I haven't gotten the Red Ring.  From what I know, only people who get there box modded get the red ring.
Dinomeyt::ps3 is my go to. Amazing graphics. Play god of war 3, it is so realistic
The North Star State::I have 360 so ps3 is the devil to me.   It is cool that internet is free for ps3 users though.
Dinomeyt::super nintendo, nintendo 64, gamecube, ps2, ps3 lol
The North Star State::n64 was good as well.  ps2 would have been if it never got upgraded.   I like originals.
yaomingoneil::and sega genesis
yaomingoneil::rememberd street of rage. Loved strider and altered beast.
The North Star State::And Shanobi?
The North Star State::Remember Streets of Rage?  That was the best game ever.
yaomingoneil::was sad when street fighter 2 came out on the snes. It ws later released on the genesis, but was weird with only three buttons.
The North Star State::genesis was the best I have to agree with that.
yaomingoneil::had a sega saturn.
Dinomeyt::Its official. Pekstation 3 &gt; Lintendo (any version) N64 is closest competition
Dinomeyt::I can deal with Lovebox 360. In all seriousness, Ninetendo is great until u reach ur teens. If u have nothing but nintendo in ur teen years. Ur a nerd lol
Dinomeyt::basically but i like my game systems to my own. But ya if u have a ton of people at ur place and it isnt a drinkiing party, nintendo is ur go to
XxLeprechaunxX::nintendo = fun with other people, xbox/playstation fun by yourself or online
yaomingoneil::anyon own the lovebox 360?
Dinomeyt::But pekovic of war 3 is so intense. Rubio Creed 2 is amazing as well.
Dinomeyt::That is probably the best game of all time, legend of d.will: Ocarina of time is a close second
XxLeprechaunxX::truer words were never spoken
XxLeprechaunxX::rubiokart 64
Dinomeyt::Gamecube was meh, and Wii is an injury waiting to happen
The North Star State::Check out the new name Kyrie Irving............ROY made up to spam the Lakers board.
Dinomeyt::Oh christ can we kill him?
XxLeprechaunxX::omg what is this guys deal?
XxLeprechaunxX::at least i know now that its just one guy, one really messed up guy
The North Star State::For some reason he wants everyone to hate the Wolves.  Which makes no sense to me.
Tha Butcher::Mess with THE BULL you get THE HORNS!
Can-I-Get-A-Hot-Tub::Are you talking about the Chicago Bulls?
Tha Butcher::They should call Pek THE BULL.
Can-I-Get-A-Hot-Tub::The BEAR  Or   Bizarro Kevin Love
__sohum___::no
Dinomeyt::A friend of mine doesn't know where Pek is from. I told him to sleep with one eye open
KUChiefs603::wolvew are starting to play like a decent team. hope they can keep it up.
TubbyTime334::If Wolves got Gordon I would have to believe that would be a Dynasty.
__sohum___::ya but it was still better then drafting enes kanter
Can-I-Get-A-Hot-Tub::Dwill would have to be given up to start
__sohum___::ya we would be unstoppable if Williams could play the three... so basically get faster
dlhouse18::I never knew Kate Upton was only 19. Damn.
Can-I-Get-A-Hot-Tub::No, she's 19... legal.
natskivna::Do you feel like a pervert now? :)  (jk)
TubbyTime334::Ya straight out of High School. If she went.
yaomingoneil::here's the list for free agents shooting guard list for 2012 from hoopsworld: (I see rudy fernandez) Eric Gordon, New Orleans Hornets – $3.8 million – Restricted ($5.1 million Qualifying Offer) O.J. Mayo, Memphis Grizzlies – $5.6 million – Restricted ($7.4 million Qualifying Offer) Ray Allen, Boston Celtics – $10.0 million – Unrestricted Landry Fields, New York Knicks – $0.8 million – Unrestricted* Carlos Delfino, Milwaukee Bucks – $3.5 million – Unrestricted Nick Young, Washington Wizards – $3.7 million – Unrestricted Jamal Crawford, Portland Trail Blazers – $5.0 million – Player Option ($5.2 million) Louis Williams, Philadelphia 76ers – $5.2 million – Early Termination Option ($5.4 million) Mickael Pietrus, Boston Celtics – $1.2 million – Unrestricted Courtney Lee, Houston Rockets – $2.2 million – Restricted ($3.2 million Qualifying Offer) Rudy Fernandez, Denver Nuggets – $2.2 million – Restricted ($3.2 million Qualifying Offer) DeShawn Stevenson, New Jersey Nets – $2.5 million – Unrestricted Damion James, New Jersey Nets – $1.2 million – Unrestricted* C.J. Miles, Utah Jazz – $3.7 million – Unrestricted Shannon Brown, Phoenix Suns – $3.5 million – Unrestricted Josh Howard, Utah Jazz – $2.2 million – Unrestricted Terrence Williams, Houston Rockets – $2.4 million – Unrestricted* Jodie Meeks, Philadelphia 76ers – $0.9 million – Unrestricted* Marco Belinelli, New Orleans Hornets – $3.4 million – Unrestricted James Anderson, San Antonio Spurs – $1.5 million – Unrestricted* Matt Carroll, Charlotte Bobcats – $3.9 million – Early Termination Option ($3.5 million) Brandon Rush, Golden State Warriors – $3.0 million – Restricted ($4.1 million Qualifying Offer) Alonzo Gee, Cleveland Cavaliers – $0.9 million – Unrestricted* Danny Green, San Antonio Spurs – $0.9 million – Unrestricted* Tracy McGrady, Atlanta Hawks – $1.3 million – Unrestricted Jerry Stackhouse, Atlanta Hawks – $1.3 million – Unrestricted Willie Green, Atlanta Hawks – $1.2 million – Unrestricted Jason Kapono, L.A. Lakers – $1.2 million – Unrestricted Marquis Daniels, Boston Celtics – $1.2 million – Unrestricted Sasha Pavlovic, Boston Celtics – $1.2 million – Unrestricted Cory Higgins, Charlotte Bobcats – $0.5 million – Unrestricted* Anthony Parker, Cleveland Cavaliers – $2.3 million – Unrestricted Travis Leslie, L.A. Clippers – $0.5 million – Unrestricted* Keith Bogans, New Jersey Nets – $0.8 million – Unrestricted Michael Redd, Phoenix Suns – $1.3 million – Unrestricted Mo Evans, Washington Wizards – $1.2 million – Unrestricted
shewick5::Brandon Rush
natskivna::I see Tmac.  Get him paired up with Rick the ruler again.
Can-I-Get-A-Hot-Tub::Adelman doesn't like them.
__sohum___::cross our fingers for Gordon or Mayo
dlhouse18::"Get Pek to Orlando!"  -Kevin Love
dlhouse18::Adelman on Pek from StarTribune  This just may be because we're in Minnesota and Lin deserves all that credit, but if they're going to put him in that game, does anybody notice what this guy's done in the last two, three weeks," Adelman said. "He has been every bit as impressive as that kid. The only difference is they've won seven in a row and they're in New York."
yaomingoneil::Pek just needs to keep it up. KLove was pretty much under the radar until the 30-30 event.
Can-I-Get-A-Hot-Tub::Agreed. I'm not from MINN or a fan of the Wolves, but I love what Pek is doing, but I just don't recognize what's he's been doing...because he's in MINN.   That's the honest and brutal truth. Also, the 'All-Star Weekend' is about stars and Lin is a phenomenon.   Also, if Lin regresses and Pek continues on this pace, he could win the Most-Improved.
The North Star State::The new Vikes stadium is gonna be next to the Metrodome.
TubbyTime334::Thanks finally someone with a location.
