skruzits::I am a sixers fan who feels that even with the return of Bynum, they still need to work a lot harder than they do right now. It is really hard to watch them play this season. I tried going to a game against Chicago and they just didn't seem to have it, even though they held a 10+ point lead, just blew it without trying to fight back.
hmacphilly::thats because they are Terrible...Sixers are not good BUT we do have a Allstar in Jrue Holiday hes so good. and we Have Bynum. Given his injury Bynum is aHuge Piece to the puzzle you figure Thad is one of the best role players in the League and with just them 3 it makes me Wonder how far we can go.
hmacphilly::When Bynum comes back the Sixers will be a whole different team...a WINNING TEAM. Holiday Bynum  and Thad! WHAT!? hopefully Turner comes around and  these three make him better. Or i would definitely love a trade..Turner is good Trade Bait!
hmacphilly::yea dude he whines the most...even to Collins. Doug should bench him one game just for giving him the stink face...its a funny face tho i cant say i dont crack up at times haha
allroy1313::Yeah, I like Turner most times, but it's to the point where I cringe whenever he has the ball on a fast break; it always ends badly.  And somebody needs to tell him to stop whining and showing up the refs, then wondering why he doesn't get any calls.
Pelicans Fan Since Yesterday::Change your name back to the Bullets and kill yourselves?
hmacphilly::Pelicans ahahahahaha
BootyLoaf.::why the hell does garret temple start for wash? he is so bad
This_Guy1::God Damn this board is empty
nirvanarox67::Been following a bet system called Sportsbettingstar. im making around 2-3k a month average using this system. you can find the system on the first page of google when searching for basketball betting systems
denverboi1993::Ummm... Washington? You can't only beat elite teams in order to make the playoffs... you have to beat the crappy ones too.
ikerock::Oh yeah don't get me started on John Wall a number one pick that can't shoot worth nothing 3 of 12.  His big contract to come might be over teams are already thinking John has peak out.
ikerock::Coach included
ikerock::These wizards suck you know why b/c the GM sucks..  Look at golden state this team should have had Curry, Klay Thompson and Harrison Barns all the Wizards past on doing draft day.  We don't have one player that can score 30 points at any giving time.  I like Beal but do u pass on a 6'8 that can shoot the lights out.  When will this owner do the best thing for the fans and fire this GM.
Poor Oregon::Barnes sucks dude. I'd take Beal any day over him.
upl8dawg::been following this bet system named sportsbettingstar. Ive made around 2-3k a month profits using this system picks. You can find the system on the first page of google by searching for sports betting systems
Zcrib___Shackle::#1 Pick in the NBA draft will be Ben McLemore  Proof: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=98jfmb9e5sA
RZA_CONSOLE::who?
kpatricko::good win tonight, off to watch miami brooklyn...see ya'll friday! go sixers!
Sh4k4zulu::when bynum comes back what you guys want for depth chart?  im liking:  1. Holiday/Turner/Ivy 2. Turner/Swaggy/J Rich 3. Thad/Wright/Wilkins 4. Lavoy/Thad/Hawes 5. Bynum/Hawes/Kwame
arross76::I kinda feel bad for Richardson that he is essentially never going to see the floor again, but it is better for the team.    I am also much more in favor of Hawes as the starting 4.  He is being asked to do too much out of his comfort zone as the lone "big man."  You don't ask Dirk to guard Dwight Howard or Tyson Chandler right?  (Not saying he's Dirk's caliber at all.. just saying they're both "small" 7-footers)  Also, "foycur" .. you must not read the news much to think Bynum isn't coming back.  Welcome to the Internet.
foycur::Bynum coming back is a pipe dream.
Kyle3929::I know I'm in the minority, but I'd prefer Hawes starting at the 4.  Better passer, more reliable shot maker.  I'd just switch Hawes and Levoy on your chart.
bluedevils1148::That's perfect right there.
upl8dawg::Wiz back to the old wiz again i see
slickwatts100::sixers got to get to the ft line more
kpatricko::if spence wasnt so soft we would have a pretty nice big next to bynum when he gets back
kpatricko::has*
kpatricko::lavoy needs a motor but i agree he had a nice little jumpshot...hes strong which helps him play defence and with more energy comes more rebounds
bluedevils1148::I feel like Lavoy has so much potential but he hasn't realized it yet.
kpatricko::ahh a typical evan game after playing a few good ones...wish this wasnt the case
GeorgeTownDC29::Jrue Holliaday the black dude from the Rush Hour movies?
wesra79::white crackers
jnks10::Caesar from planet of the apes come on. He looks EXACTLY like him.
Sh4k4zulu::smokey from friday...
GeorgeTownDC29::that too. forgot other Tucker movies though
Sh4k4zulu::im loving swaggy p more n more he does sound blazed up - probably is blazed up - always thought t-mac was too dude always looked high haha
kpatricko::jrue has an okay game and has 21,6 and makes the game winner...good sign for the future for us
GeorgeTownDC29::76ers gonna draft Dennis Reynolds?
FlyGuys623::always sunny tho
FlyGuys623::i didnt see any of it, but a much needed win sixers
FlyGuys623::haha. thats a first
Sh4k4zulu::you missed crig521's trolling on this board haha
IggyIsClutch::You missed some swagg
IggyIsClutch::And an angry wiz fan (Crig)
DaKing0325_::Well at least we got some Magic,Kings and Bobcats games ahead lol
kpatricko::gg to you wiz fans(minus crig)
IggyIsClutch::I agree with this
Sh4k4zulu::crig, you know gotta suck with rose, rondo, irving, d-will, and holiday all in the east... wall's chances at ever making the all star team... gotta suck...
Sh4k4zulu::you're cool, im just gettin under crig's skin
Poor Oregon::Who cares about all star votes. It's all a popularity contest anyway.
arross76::What about the coaches' choices?
GeorgeTownDC29::Nick Young sucks. Wash fans know it all too well
kpatricko::nick young is awkward haha
IggyIsClutch::Nick young just sounds like a cool guy
Poor Oregon::He sounds like he's stoned all the time
IggyIsClutch::Lol
Poor Oregon::Good game. 76er fans. Jrue is quite the player
kpatricko::yeah jrue and thad are our only really solid players, evan can be if he wasnt so inconsistant
ddolph2822::He's about all we got until Bigfoot comes back.... if he ever comes back.
arross76::Todd Macculloch?
GeorgeTownDC29::Good luck with Bynum. Should get some good years outta him.
melvin887::11-33
IggyIsClutch::What? The wizards haven't beaten a single team from the east on the road?
philsphan714::no he isn't and no one claims he is. He's a very nice player, that's all
philsphan714::don't worry though, they have John Wall AKA The Savior
crig521::nah THAD YOUNG IS THE FUTURE
melvin887::They still some $@%!
Sh4k4zulu::good game wizz  you guys are all awesome except crig, he needs a wizwit real bad
kpatricko::ugly win tonight guys, but a win in a win an we needed one
melvin887::$@%! Philly
GeorgeTownDC29::At least the Hoyas won
crig521::LOL. 6ERS are god awful. not worried about my Wiz, Beal is resting up right now and him and Wall are the future.  But hey, When Glass Knees Bynum gets back I'm sure Philly will end up winning the east, because they are really really talented. THE FUTURE = THAD YOUNG.
kpatricko::crig you give your fellow wiz fans a bad image
jnks10::so i guess you agree then rg3 has glass knees and you have the same problem with your football team?
philsphan714::your comments are as irrelevant as your team.
crig521::your team is really awful.  hopefully you slip into that 8th seed and then sweep the heat
IggyIsClutch::Saw this coming
DoyerBlue32::John Wall is a clown
Thesith36::Thanks for the cash Sixers !! $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
philsphan714::it was nice to see Doug get Moultrie in the game tonight!......
Sh4k4zulu::jru got 6 assists - i must be more drunk then i realized
potato623::I know...what gives
DoyerBlue32::Haha... John Wall's defense is a joke.
Sh4k4zulu::nooooooooooo wiz are awesome :p
IggyIsClutch::Here comes crig
jnks10::thats where bynum could come in so huge. Have that when you need a big basket guy down the stretch.
potato623::Swooo I would of cried haha...  Jrue had a bad night, but way to finish
kpatricko::good move jrue...way to be our leader and seal the game!
melvin887::Thats goin do it
erinbaby1997::Yeah, DC sucks, Sixers in the playoffs, don't need Bynam!
IggyIsClutch::The jruth
DaKing0325_::God the sixers suck, we're only winning because the Wizards suck more
kpatricko::crig's gonna have a sissy fit
Sh4k4zulu::dont say that crig will be mad
