chrishmt0423::OKC will destroy the Rockets 4-1
ballermoney27::There was a time when McHale told the press conference that hey Jeremy were trying to win because all he wanted to do was go out and put up 30 and 8 turnovers. Well guess what the game against Dallas when you had Lin and Asik sitting in the 4th and your boy Harden was putting up those numbers and not only that you guys lost.
Fair Palmer::Rockets coaches took their mystifying 4th Q benching scheme to the new level: First, they benched J Lin and  reaped numerous team losses (2 came to mind:  3/27/13 loss to Cavaliers, 2/23/12 loss to Wizards). Now  in the game against Grizzlies,  Rockets coaches benched not only J Lin but all starters in the 4th Q.  Unsurprisingly, Rockets suffered another loss.  For the last 15 minutes of the game, J Harden, O Asik, J Lin, 3 players with 16, and 8 millions annual salaries watched their team routed from the bench.  Another frustrating, head-scratching time for this fan!
Fair Palmer::If I remember correctly,  there were at least 3 Rockets losses when JLin was benched for the ENTIRE 4th quarter:      3/27/13    loss to Cavaliers,     3/6/13      loss to Mavericks,  and     2/23/12    loss to Wizards.
Lugene Parker::Actually, It was you guys bench that put the pressure on us defensively.  That was why he stuck with your bench.  Those guys just ran out of gas.
rockus_2008::Lin is probably the most inspiring player since Jordan.  I thought that after his daughter died, McHale would come back and also have one of the most inspiration season for any coach.  But one of his first orders when he comes back was benching and criticizing Lin.  It's almost as if his sadness could no longer deal with another wave of Linsanity.  It's almost as if he was saying that losing a basketball game is no comparison to losing a daughter.
sports guy12::What happened with Harden, Lin, and Asik?
C92400::They ran into a good defensive team.
NewAges::“I don’t play well without spacing and I don’t play well when we’re really not getting out in transition,” Lin said. “Those are two things we need to get better at, that coach has talked to us about, is pushing the ball more, having the wings run down all the way to the corners, having the bigs run to the post area and having me and Pat pushing the ball and trying to make something happen.  “We have to get back to that formula. It hurts me. It hurts everybody. We’re all figuring it out. I have to keep reminding myself to stay patient and see this as growth. There’s always going to be certain parts of growth you don’t like. You wish you could speed through the process, but it doesn’t work like that.”  http://blog.chron.com/ultimaterockets/2013/03/rockets-lin-to-try-to-get-scoring-going-again/  Lin tried to tell everyone...Let him plays his role as PG
bassadilla05::Jeremy actually did play with decent PG aggression in the first quarter, but everyone's game was soured when Zach and Marc destroyed us in the post and from the elbow.
GEORGE W BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::THE MEDIA COULD GET UGLY AT TIMES BUT IT'S ALSO HOW LINSANITY WAS BORN.  HOPEFULLY AS MORE AND MORE MEDIA CONVERGED ON MCFAIL, THE TRUTH WILL EXPOSE HIS INEPT/INCOMPETENCE COACHING SKILLS;)
rm90025::This was awful coaching by McHale.  Once again, he has disrupted the rotation and with it the effectiveness of the team.  He will be fired at the end of the year if he keeps this erratic and mercurial pattern of decision making.
brothertin9394::Just like parenting, what would you do when your kids face problems... Lock them up or empower them to fixit.
Denzel7587::Simple statistical measure to check who are the Rockets good shooters: Divide their total points by the total minutes they played. The higher the ratio, the higher the shooting efficiency. Top NBA shooters based on this measure is Carmelo, followed by Durant, Kobe, Lebron and Harden. Yes, Harden is an elite scorer as I have always insisted despite criticizing his tendency to usurp the PG role.   In shooting efficiency among the Rockets, this is the rank of the players:  1. Harden 5/503 NBA players 2. Donas Motiejunas at 26/503 3. Marcus Morris (94/503) Patterson (115/503),  Toney Douglas (129/503).  Parsons 147/5034.  Delfino 150/503 Lin 187/503,  Asik 277/503 Beaverly at 309/503.   Thomas Robinsons at 397/503
Denzel7587::We have traded away Morris, Patterson, and Douglas. I think from a scoring standpoint, that trade was questionable. From a rebounding standpoint, acquiring Robinsons is a good decision because he's a good rebounder. I think Top 30 in the NBA based on total rebounds/ total minutes played.
NewAges::I never seen Beverley can lead the team to a win but I have seen many from Lin....fact
Denzel7587::Leadership--Lin has lots of it. Not being quantified by stats though.
Archbob1::The issue isn't Lin or Beverly. McHale needs to tell Harden to stop playing PG. Sometimes its like McHale isn't really trying to win the game, he's just trying to pad Harden's Stats by letting go ISO. Also, it'd help if he'd give Lin a longer leash instead of benching him every time he makes a mistake.
NewAges::Whats about all stats? base on 48 min stats  Lin has 9.0 .assist 2.7 steal 19.3 points Bev has 8.0 assist 3.0 steal  15.5points  Who is better?
BXwarriorBX::you left out lins shooting % haha
Denzel7587::Insights from the analysis of NBA stats this season:    Harden is an ELITE SCORER, Top 5 in the NBA (together with Carmelo, Durant, Kobe, and Lebron). High scoring efficiency (total points/total minutes played) at No. 5 out of 503 NBA players.     Asik is an ELITE REBOUNDER (Upper 3% of 503 NBA players) at No. 12/503    Other Rockets' scoring efficiency: Parsons (147/503) , Delfino (150/503), Lin (187/503), Asik 277/503, Beaverly (309/503).     Lin has a higher assist efficiency (number of assists divided by total minutes played) than Harden. He's at No. 37 out of 503 NBA players. Harden is at 69/503. Beaverly, however, is more efficient than Lin at 33/503. His downside: he has much lower scoring efficiency than Lin.     Lin is a good stealer at 33/503, Harden at 57/503. Beaverly is better than Lin and Harden in this aspect of the game at 21/503.    Harden and Lin are turn-over prone at 36/503 and 54/503. Beaverly very good at keeping the ball at 163/503    The strengths of Beaverly: higher assist and stealing efficiency than Harden and Lin; less turnover prone than Harden and Lin. Downside is low scoring efficiency is 309/503 than Lin (187/503).     Lessons: give harden more opportunities to score; distribute such opportunities to Parsons, Donatas, and Delfino and when he has a good game to Lin    -Give the PG handling duties to Lin and Beaverly. Either Lin or Beaverly playing, the Rockets are in good hands if these two PGs are given the freehand to serve as lead playmakers and in dishing assists. Harden as PG=questionable really and such takes away his edge as an elite scorer. Lin and Beaverly are less efficient in assisting when Harden usurps the PG role. Lin and Beaverly should however not dominate the scoring opportunities are they not excellent shooters like Harden.   less
LinHardenParsons::Ok, my work here is done.  Gnite.
Denzel7587::Insights from the analysis of NBA stats this season:    Harden is an ELITE SCORER, Top 5 in the NBA (together with Carmelo, Durant, Kobe, and Lebron). High scoring efficiency (total points/total minutes played) at No. 5 out of 503 NBA players.     Asik is an ELITE REBOUNDER (Upper 3% of 503 NBA players) at No. 12/503    Other Rockets' scoring efficiency: Parsons (147/503) , Delfino (150/503), Lin (187/503), Asik 277/503, Beaverly (309/503).     Lin has a higher assist efficiency (number of assists divided by total minutes played) than Harden. He's at No. 37 out of 503 NBA players. Harden is at 69/503. Beaverly, however, is more efficient than Lin at 33/503. His downside: he has much lower scoring efficiency than Lin.     Lin is a good stealer at 33/503, Harden at 57/503. Beaverly is better than Lin and Harden in this aspect of the game at 21/503.    Harden and Lin are turn-over prone at 36/503 and 54/503. Beaverly very good at keeping the ball at 163/503    The strengths of Beaverly: higher assist and stealing efficiency than Harden and Lin; less turnover prone than Harden and Lin. Downside is low scoring efficiency is 309/503 than Lin (187/503).     Lessons: give harden more opportunities to score; distribute such opportunities to Parsons, Donatas, and Delfino and when he has a good game to Lin    -Give the PG handling duties to Lin and Beaverly. Either Lin or Beaverly playing, the Rockets are in good hands if these two PGs are given the freehand to serve as lead playmakers and in dishing assists. Harden as PG=questionable really and such takes away his edge as an elite scorer. Lin and Beaverly are less efficient in assisting when Harden usurps the PG role. Lin and Beaverly should however not dominate the scoring opportunities are they not excellent shooters like Harden.   less
Slambo12345::While Mchale looked clueless for the majority of the game, I'm glad he sat Harden, Parsons, and Lin the majority of the last quarter. Save them as much as you can for tomorrow because there is a very strong chance we may see the Clippers in the first round anyway.
MichaelKL017::I hope so.  Getting benched an entire quarter can have a negative impact on morale and confidence.
LinHardenParsons::Patrick Beverly PER = 16.12 (#107 in the league)  Jeremy Lin PER = 14.96 (#149 in the league)  James Harden PER = 23.53 (#8 in the league)  Discuss.
bwc2000::Reason is beverly was not scouted.. just like how lin was in the beginning when he was with the knicks.. once he is.. he will not have these numbers..and from the way he steals.. eventually he will get call for reach in fouls and they will stymie him.
rm90025::PER doesn't mean anything.  Houston is 7 games over .500 when Lin gets 10 or more shots per game; and 1 game under .500 when he shoots less than 10 per game.  It's nt mere correlation either; he shoots 47% when he gets 10 pr more sots and 51% when he shoots more than 14 times per game.  These numbers align with and are slightly better than his numbers in NY.  Throw in the fact that all key numbers have improved despite that  he has a low usage rate with Harden as the SG and sporadic minutes with McHale as coach, and ou see that Lin is actually on the cusp of being a legit star in his own right.
NewAges::These 48 minutes stats do not make any sense......from 1.0 steal become 3.0....Not mention starters are other team has game plan for......bench mostly play garbage times
NewAges::Whats about all stats? base on 48 min stats  Lin has 9.0 .assist 2.7 steal 19.3 points Bev has 8.0 assist 3.0 steal  15.5points  Who is better?
LinHardenParsons::But by your own admission, Beverly has played the 4th qtr....against starters instead of Lin.  So much for that argument.  If you don't understand per 48 minutes statistics, go study and come back when you're ready.
LinHardenParsons::Beverly also leads in blocks per 48 minutes....1.3 vs. Lin's .5
Only real fans stick with bad teams::Wow u just totally owned that guy
LinHardenParsons::http://espn.go.com/nba/player/splits/_/id/3964/type/per48/patrick-beverley  http://espn.go.com/nba/player/splits/_/id/4299/type/per48/jeremy-lin  Top line.  Steals per 48 minutes.
NewAges::Bev steal rating is 1.03  Lin steal rating is 1.78  What are you talking about?
LinHardenParsons::Yes you're right of course.  It has its limitations when looking at defense.  But then again, Beverly is considered the better on ball defender so.......  Also, per 48 minutes  Lin = 2.7 steals per game  Beverly = 3.0 steals per game.
NewAges::PER rewards inefficient shooting------wonder why they have this rating...you can be volume shooter to get high PER
NewAges::Problems With PER  PER largely measures offensive performance. Hollinger freely admits that two of the defensive statistics it incorporates -- blocks and steals (which was not tracked as an official stat till 1973) -- can produce a distorted picture of a player's value and that PER is not a reliable measure of a player's defensive acumen. For example, Bruce Bowen, widely regarded as one of the best defenders in the NBA (at least through the 2006-07 season), has routinely posted single-digit PERs. "Bear in mind that this rating is not the final, once-and-for-all answer for a player's accomplishments during the season. This is especially true for players such as Bruce Bowen and Trenton Hassell who are defensive specialists but don't get many blocks or steals." In addition, some have argued that PER gives undue weight to a player's contribution in limited minutes, or against a team's second unit, and it undervalues players who have enough diversity in their game to play starter's minutes. Lastly, PER rewards inefficient shooting. To quote Dave Berri, the author of The Wages of Wins: "Hollinger argues that each two point field goal made is worth about 1.65 points. A three point field goal made is worth 2.65 points. A missed field goal, though, costs a team 0.72 points. Given these values, with a bit of math we can show that a player will break even on his two point field goal attempts if he hits on 30.4% of these shots. On three pointers the break-even point is 21.4%. If a player exceeds these thresholds, and virtually every NBA player does so with respect to two-point shots, the more he shoots the higher his value in PERs. So a player can be an inefficient scorer and simply inflate his value by taking a large number of shots."  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Player_efficiency_rating
sagematic::Interesting, thanks
LinHardenParsons::Start Beverly.  Got it.  Thanks.
MichaelKL017::start Beverly and trade Lin to one the these teams in the offseason:  Jazz, Kings, Bulls, Magic, Lakers, Pistons, Celtics.  Im sure Houston can get a 2nd round pick in 2015 or 2016.
LinHardenParsons::LOFs, where are you?
LinHardenParsons::I have the guy in my name.  I don't hate him.  See this is what LOF's do.  When you have an argument and stats to back it up, you get labeled a LOH.    NOTHING would make me happier than to see Lin improve.  Having said that, I don't put blinders on.  I see his limitations.  LOF's refuse to do the same, so I'll keep calling them out till they get it.
Denzel7587::What's the matter with you LOH? I'm a Lin fan and a Rockets fan, stop labelling Lin fans as LOFs? Ridiculous.
SalamanderGT::I have faith in these Rockets, even McHale.  I think there is a small chance they can do something surprising this season, so I'll be tuning into the rest of their games.  It's been a roller coaster ride up until this point, and I've enjoyed every minute.
NewAges::Harden was on bench last season...He never had 40+ minutes in full season......if it is not overuse then what happen for his lately poor shooting?
NewAges::Harden never played as starter in full season.......He is not use to that minutes yet......Lin is not about shooting stats...Lin's intangibles are court vision, passing, spacing.....make everyone play better
NewAges::https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xez9SwhErTU    Lin played as PG , Rockets won blowout game in December......
LinHardenParsons::Do you think playing the Spurs, Pacers and Grizzlies might have something to do with that?
NewAges::http://espn.go.com/nba/player/splits/_/id/3992/james-harden  check his shooting percentage in March.....
LinHardenParsons::Didn't he just drill a shot to beat the Spurs last Sunday?
NewAges::Did you see his shooting in March is below 40%?
LinHardenParsons::How can you argue that Harden is used too much when his stats are so overwhelmingly positive?
LinHardenParsons::http://espn.go.com/nba/seasonleaders/_/league/nba  Harden #4 in ESPN Season Leader board behind Lebron, Kobe, and Durant.  Lin #75.   Hell even Parson's is ahead of Lin in that ranking at #60
NewAges::Harden is overused. He is now running out of juice...Thats what happen when the team depend too much on him....They need team game, fast game and Lin as a PG to get everyone involved. Thats the only winning formula for the Rockets with weak PF position
Archbob1::They pretty much always lose close games in the 4th when Harden tries to play PG.
LinHardenParsons::Thats crap.  Harden is 23.  He's avg 38 minutes a game.   He's not overused.
LinHardenParsons::Bring Terrance Jones up from RGV!  He's tearing it up down there.
chrisausten1203::I hope the Rockets won't have the late season collapse. However, with the way McHale coaches the team, I am not sure that won't happen. Also, if he wants to experiment with the lineup, I'd like to see him playing Lin and Beverly together or A Brooks and Beverly together. Harden is great, and should not be overused and should never be benched for the entire 4th quarter.
bobbydagreat::The idea of "overusing" Harden is a bit strange, is Kobe Bryant or Lebron James "overused"?
LinHardenParsons::So, how will the starters respond tomorrow night?  Will they come out focused and ON FIRE to prove Mchale wrong, or will they wilt and set us up for a huge let down?
bobbydagreat::I don't see it as them trying to "prove him wrong" so much as trying to redeem themselves.
bobbydagreat::Yeah, Harden hasn't been himself the last few games, I'm not sure what's wrong with him. Hell, all of the Rockets need to be kicked. Hopefully tonight was that kick.
LinHardenParsons::Ya thats a better way to put it.  Still....I'm curious how they respond.  I do believe all of them...especially DMo and Harden needed a kick in the rear.
Denzel7587::2 straight losses (against pacers, grizzlies). the win against the spurs was pure luck. red alert! we're going to be eliminated if we continue to play like this.
NewAges::https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xez9SwhErTU   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XCoBC_yq0jk   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fdKoWI6oNt0   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wR7n8SdBYr4   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5dcE-t2WRXw    Go watch these game when Lin played PG.....shut up and learn LOHs
NewAges::LIN play PG...Harden plays SG....true to their roles....they won many blowout games like that....LOHs have hatred eyes to see this...
Denzel7587::That's the difference between Lin fans and Lin haters. Lin fans want Harden to focus on his SG role, and Lin as the PG. Haters want to Harden both as the SG and the PG. Haters bash Lin as a PG although he's being used as an SG.
Selvin4715::go to bed kids
bobbydagreat::There really were some impressively stupid people in here tonight.
bobbydagreat::It's not so bad once you block the Lin trolls. Kinda quiet, but a hell of a lot more enjoyable.
Selvin4715::That is why im starting to shy away from this board. that and work
bobbydagreat::LOL
Dezagcooog::Arizona State University is ranked #139.   AHHAHAHAHAHAHAH.  Toilet paper &gt; degree from ASU
Bulls Bears Cubs::139 isnt that bad... think about it.  It is not Harvard or MIT, but at least it is top 2 in the state of Arizona.
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::Eyy im in highschool I dont go there yet. I love the athletics and stuffs whatever never said it was a prestigous school 139 isnt errible.
Dezagcooog::Go to bed, kid.  You know nothing about sports.
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::Wait so if Lin was the starting pg and Harden was off the team and Lin would be running the show the rockets would be a championship contender?
bobbydagreat::LOL, did someone actually say that? The Rockets are a 20 win team if the Harden trade didn't happen.
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::Im just responding to the guys comments below.
Dezagcooog::I feel sorry for you.  ASU is such a shi.tty school.
Dezagcooog::Ah, the Univ of Houston and Arizona State...both shi.tty schools.  Both ranked near the bottom by US News.
bobbydagreat::Coach A got mad at his team and benched the starters for the entire 4th quarter and overtime Coach B got mad at his team and benched the starters for the entire 4th quarter Both coaches lost the game  Are they both morons who should be fired? Or were they both just coaches sending a message to their team?
marvelman821::popovich is a proven coach.  mchale not and his moves throughout the season have been questionable.
setrue::Read this again, bobbydabelowavg:  Not a proper comparison for the following reasons:    1. Spur bench were playing great so Pop let them continue playing " "We were just on fire shooting 3s and it got us back in the game. It's as simple as that. I thought the energy defensively was great; we double-teamed everywhere," Popovich said. "They were playing great. There's no sense in taking them off the court." On the other hand, the Rocket bench weren't playing great to justify McFail continuing to playing them.   2. Pop is notorious for resting starting lineup if he thinks his bench can win the game.     Bad comparison as their circumstances and coach's reasoning for the benching are totally different. Nice try to defend McFail but no prize for you.   Coach Pops own words prove you WRONG.
bobbydagreat::I already went over this with you, McHale's words would have you believe that he just kept the bench in because he liked their energy.....you know, sort of like what Pop said. You're better than this. I get that you want to bash McHale any chance you can, but you have to see that it was the SAME SITUATION.
setrue::Read this again, bobbydabelowavg:  Not a proper comparison for the following reasons:    1. Spur bench were playing great so Pop let them continue playing " "We were just on fire shooting 3s and it got us back in the game. It's as simple as that. I thought the energy defensively was great; we double-teamed everywhere," Popovich said. "They were playing great. There's no sense in taking them off the court." On the other hand, the Rocket bench weren't playing great to justify McFail continuing to playing them.   2. Pop is notorious for resting starting lineup if he thinks his bench can win the game.     Bad comparison as their circumstances and coach's reasoning for the benching are totally different. Nice try to defend McFail but no prize for you.   Coach Pops own words prove you WRONG.
NewAges::https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xez9SwhErTU  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XCoBC_yq0jk  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fdKoWI6oNt0  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wR7n8SdBYr4  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5dcE-t2WRXw    How many game McHale's lovers need to see Lin as PG to win games for the Rockets?
NewAges::Rockets won blowout games when Lin can play PG.........that's all fans want to see Rockets win.....LOHs don't care if Rockets loose games as long as Lin is not playing PG
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::Lin has been the scapegoat all along. Even in today's game where Mcfail wanted to bench Harden after two straight uncontested layups by Tony Allen, he made the rest of the starters sat with him so Harden's fragile ego won't get hurt lol.   This is such garbage I dont even no wut to say lol.
bobbydagreat::Lin fans are morons for the most part, you're better off just blocking them.
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::I like Dragic, but im a suns fan. Who cares though I like Harden cause he went to my college. I hate Lin because of the uneducated fans below me.
NewAges::Bobby has shown true color....He never like Lin. Compare Lin like Tebow? then blame his fans........
bobbydagreat::Most people dislike Lin's fanbase, you're not alone in that. Basically they are the Tebow fans of the NBA.
MichaelKL017::Tebow is a great guy.  Do you know of all the humanitarian stuff he does in the Philippines for starving children.  Tebow deserves a shot to play QB also.
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::Hasnt Harden carried this team all year kids stats are insane. Dont know why people hating on harden chill!
NewAges::No one hate Harden....only LOHs are good making up stories
setrue::Nobody is hating on Harden, it McFail coaching that rationally fans have a beef with.
bobbydagreat::Then you would be the exception. If you read these threads you'll see plenty of stupid Lin fans trashing Harden, it's what they do.
setrue::Untrue, I have NEVER said one bad word about Harden who is a talented player, an asset to any team, OKC was stupid to trade him.  That being said, I cannot have the same praise for McFail who is a bad coach in player development, game mgmt., and lacks leadership motivation skills.
bobbydagreat::Let's face it, they don't really care what move McHale makes, they are going to bash it. They don't like McHale and Harden because they blame them for Lin not having a good year.
bobbydagreat::Lin fans hate Harden, it's just how it works.
moncindy007::McHale's interview after tonight's game (Loss),  Here is the link: http://www.csnhouston.com/rockets/bucher-praises-rockets-coach-kevin-mchale
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::Why are there so many Lin fans dont you guys have lives who gives a sh.it about the nba right now college b-ball is going on!
NewAges::Thats because your team is out of playoffs....$@%!$.....You think I don't remember you Dragic's lover
truthu2::Lin has been the scapegoat all along. Even in today's game where Mcfail wanted to bench Harden after two straight uncontested layups by Tony Allen, he made the rest of the starters sat with him so Harden's fragile ego won't get hurt lol.
setrue::Truthu2 got it right.  McFail wanted cover to avoid Harden's wrath.
setrue::Exactly.
bobbydagreat::He benched all of the starters because they all deserved to be benched. I don't see why it's a big deal.
Hoops Sharpie::FYI    Hoops Sharpie made a racist remark on March 27 2013 5:50 PM in the Indian Pacer Vs Houston Rockets conversation board. Boobydagreat hasnt say anything racist but defends Hoop Sharpie. Anyone reading their post should know their inherent bias. ---------------  you're a pathetic race-baiting liar, where is the link and the quote?  the only racist here is you and all your fellow whiny LOFs.
MichaelKL017::LOL.  You went back and changed it.  You are weak minded and have no integrity.  If anyone has a right to be upset its bobby.  I lump him in with you.
MichaelKL017::You never answer my question.  Why are you lying to yourself?  Why do you call someone else a racist when you are the one that posted the racist message?  You dont even know what <b> Integrity</b> is because you can not admit the truth.
Hoops Sharpie::integrity? don't make me laugh LOF, your lies and psychobabble are bad enough. you and your racist clan of LOFs need to drink a cyanide cocktail and do the world a favor. i can smell your stench from here.
MichaelKL017::You are the one lying...You are lying to yourself.  Why project your own faults on others?  Why do you hate yourself so much?  Is there nothing good in your life so you have no problem being angry and nasty?  I have integrity.  You do not and    <b> YOU KNOW IT. </b>
Hoops Sharpie::listen LOF, i just can't stand liars like you and not going to just sit here while you do it. i'm not even the PC type who loses it over comments made about nationalities, though for you to lie about this is classless. go pound sand you imbecile.
MichaelKL017::What I want to know is why lie to yourself.  You know what you posted.  Your rant is like a little child.  Do you every wonder what it would be like to be a man?  You will always be a boy and never a man.
Hoops Sharpie::you're a lying pathetic piece of trash and obvious racist. i do remember reading all the trash from LOFs during that game hammering on harden because of his atrocious 4 for 25 night. many LOFs also said vile things about blacks and how asians don't like blacks. it was the same crap from all the usuals like NewAges and his drone.
bobbydagreat::Yeah, those guys are pretty ridiculous.
Denzel7587::Rockets' chances to make it in the playoffs hanging in the balance.
setrue::I am growing concern that McFail might find a way to blow up our opportunity for playoffs.  I think the team sure hold a player's only meeting to right the ship.
MichaelKL017::I think the Rockets are fine.  McHale probably betting against his team in Vegas and he throws some games.  He cant do it too often or Les Alexander will get suspicious.
NewAges::If you see anyone talk to himself on street...that's bobby....he blocked everyone...
setrue::It's almost a badge of honor to be blocked by bobby.  I've been so honored.
Denzel7587::Hahahaha. In that case, he's mental-blocked.
NewAges::Rockets is 2.5 games above playoffs....yet McHale's lovers think his rotations, lineups....are good and exempt from criticism
Denzel7587::Some of these McHale lover's solution is: ----Trade Lin. As if Lin is the biggest problem for this team.
Dezagcooog::Kevin McHale to his players during timeout:  "Alright, guys.  Let's get this win!  We're only three games ahead of the Anaheim Ducks for a wildcard spot.  Don't you want to win it all and be able to hoist that Lombardi trophy?"
bobbydagreat::LOL, I forgot to block you, are you going to say anything interesting enough to where I would want to see it?
Denzel7587::@bobbydagreat is the greater BLOCKER of all time. Hahahah. Can't stand the heat, huh! You sound like a six-year old kid with your threat. You're a fake Rockets fan.
MichaelKL017::FYI  Hoops Sharpie made a racist remark on March 27 2013 5:50 PM in the Indian Pacer Vs Houston Rockets conversation board.  Boobydagreat hasnt say anything racist but defends Hoop Sharpie.  Anyone reading their post should know their inherent bias.
Hoops Sharpie::you're a pathetic race-baiting liar Michael.
Hoops Sharpie::where's the LINK and QUOTE you pathetic liar?
MichaelKL017::The truth is there.  No doubt you can go back and re-edit it, but you are only lying to yourself.  No honor, No pride.  You are completely worthless if you cant even own up to it.
Denzel7587::If you bash Harden, you're an LOF and not a Rockets fan. If you bash Lin, even when he's playing well, you're a Rockets fan. If you bash McHale for his insane coaching decisions, you're just an LOF and not a Rockets fan.
bobbydagreat::Ok well that earns you a permanent ban. Goodbye moron.
Denzel7587::What's with your author blocker and banning, etc. You barked like a $@%!$. You're the most fake Rockets fan I encountered in this board.
Denzel7587::Some Rockets fans are fake fans. They only bash Lin but ignore the weaknesses of Harden and McHale.
NewAges::yah.....those two never like Lin even he won games for the Rockets...yet called themselves Rocket fans
MichaelKL017::LOHs is motivated by racism.
bobbydagreat::LOL
NewAges::Harden is shooting poorly lately...under .40% in March.....Lin shoot over 45% in March...yet LOHs still think he is not good enough.....
bobbydagreat::What's so funny about all the "FIRE MCHALE" BS about this game is that I wonder how many of those same people would be screaming to fire Pop after this game.....http://scores.espn.go.com/nba/boxscore?gameId=320129006  You know, the one where he benched his starters for the entire 4th and for OT..... Yeah I'm pretty sure it's just McHale who would bench players to send them a message.....
setrue::Not a proper comparison for the following reasons:  1.  Spur bench were playing great so Pop let them continue playing " "We were just on fire shooting 3s and it got us back in the game. It's as simple as that. I thought the energy defensively was great; we double-teamed everywhere," Popovich said. "They were playing great. There's no sense in taking them off the court."  On the other hand, the Rocket bench weren't playing great to justify McFail continuing to playing them.   2.  Pop is notorious for resting starting lineup if he thinks his bench can win the game.    Bad comparison as their circumstances and coach's reasoning for the benching are totally different.  Nice try to defend McFail but no prize for you.
setrue::Did you not read Pop's own words that prove you wrong?  Here it is again, "We were just on fire shooting 3s and it got us back in the game. It's as simple as that. I thought the energy defensively was great; we double-teamed everywhere," Popovich said. "They were playing great. There's no sense in taking them off the court."
bobbydagreat::Hmm, odd, I thought I blocked you already. Well since I haven't yet, I'll respond.  Actually it was damn near the exact same situation. The only difference is that the Spurs bench managed to tie the game and get it to OT. I'm sure if the Rockets bench had done the same you guys would be here saying that he cost the team a win by keeping the starters benched in OT. Either way, Pop wasn't benching his guys for rest, he was benching them to send a message that their $@%!$@ play was unacceptable, McHale did the same thing tonight.
Dawan208::Spurs are on their way to winning sixty games though.  And please don't compare the best coach in the league to Mchale.
Denzel7587::Popovich is the greatest coach. That is why the Spurs are No. 1 in the Western Conference. McHale is just a rookie coach who, until this day, treated Harden like he is Lebron or Kobe.
Denzel7587::McHale has always been pissed with Jeremy. Now he's pissed at Harden. But why benched Parsons and D-Mo, too? They were the Rockets' highest scorers in this yet they did not the entire fourth quarter. Does not really make sense to me. And Lin did not 2-11 here as Parker did.
Vega_2012::Am I the only one who loves James Anderson??
bobbydagreat::He certainly has his moments. I think he probably gets some more time moving forward.
Ron Erick::It's like james doesn't know how to play man to man defense. Whenever somebody with the ball is going against him he either tries to flop or get a steal. Can the man not play defense? Team defense is pretty bad also everytime he comes help he leaves his man with a wide open 3. On every boxscore guards go off on him all the time.
Vega_2012::1. Harden, play your position. 2. Lin, play aggressive and quit playing like a pansy. If your hot, keep shooting. 3. Parsons, play defense like we know you can. 4. DMo, grab some boards. 5. Asik, keep on getting boards and dunk the ball.  The answer to the Rockets problems.
NewAges::Lin can only get hot when the ball in his hand.....he can't get hot as spot up shooter...from what I have seen....
Hoops Sharpie::vega, only harden and parsons are true long-term pieces for us at this point.  PF is completely up in the air.  lin isn't a next level type of guy.  and we need much better defense at C with finishing ability on offense.
Vega_2012::Lin can be an all star point guard, he just needs time and the green light by the coaches...which i don't see that green light yet.  your right about the PF spot.  Asik is a great defender, just needs some offense.
NewAges::Can't do much when the coach does not let them play their positions or bench them....
Vega_2012::I agree, i think McHale benches Lin too early. But sometimes Lin just isn't doing much and Beverly comes in and gives this team that spark.
bobbydagreat::I'd switch out #4 with "DMo, stop getting in foul trouble so quickly"
bobbydagreat::Yeah there were a couple times tonight when he picked up a foul that I said "that wouldn't have happened if he had been Gasol or ZBo" sure enough minutes later, those guys made similar plays and nothing was called. Refs just assume he's fouling someone, just sucks to be a rookie sometimes.
Vega_2012::lol yeah ive noticed that....or as bill worrel like to say "he got called for a foul for being a rookie"
bobbydagreat::Yeah but the rebound thing isn't exactly accurate with him. He boxes guys out leading to a lot more team rebounds even if he doesn't get them himself. IMO rebounding isn't the problem with him it's that every time he farts or coughs he gets a foul called on him.
Vega_2012::Yeah but you could say that about all of our 4s lol
Thompson1871::Forget the Rockets, How far do you think the Knicks will go in the playoffs???
Hoops Sharpie::the knicks are rancid take a hike.
bobbydagreat::I'd be shocked if they won 2 playoff games. The Knicks are like the Cubs of basketball. They always lose, but for whatever reason they have a decent sized following anyway.
Thompson1871::good night people.
Vega_2012::just shut up and go to sleep.
Thompson1871::I dont know man. I think Mchale sucks as a coach. His way of substitution just blows my mind.
Vega_2012::I'd like Stan. But hiring Stan would mean no Howard
Vega_2012::I mean, we could have a worse coach in the league.... But yeah he's not that great, i hope he doesn't get an extension and we sign a coach like Jerry Sloan or someone like that.
bobbydagreat::No, I mean which Van Gundy
Hoops Sharpie::i've been thinking that sloan would be my first choice, but maybe not. van gundy might be a better long-term fit and have more relatability.
bobbydagreat::Hoops Sharpie - i'd love sloan or van gundy.  Which one?
Hoops Sharpie::i'd love sloan or van gundy.
bobbydagreat::I think Sloan's done as a coach, they'll replace McHale when they have the team built, but I doubt they'll do so before that.
bobbydagreat::Then you really wouldn't have liked Adelman, aka "coach sleepy"
Thompson1871::The bottom line is Rockets won't make the playoffs, with Mchale coaching the way he does right now.  what's with his Fu cked up substituion method???
