mr zzzzzzz::melo hit only 1 shot within the paint (last 12 sec to win the game); he needs to work more on taking it to the hole...
giguanarayg::What a great play by Melo. Future HOF for sure
onlyavoice57::KG Made Melo Mess His Pants. Knicks Teammates Laughed At Melo. Then Melo Tried To Man Up, All The While Making Sure He Was Behind Someone While Screaming At KG. Watch The Vid.
whatsdoing::really? if garnett isn't worrying about all that right now... why are you?  are you garnett's left or right nut??
L.OF HATERS ARE RACISTS AND LIVE IN MOMMAS BASEMENT::OMG FATON IS BACK AND SHOOTING 39%FG! CONGRATS!;)
lakers are overachieving this year::Felton = MVP (Me Very Porky)
whatsdoing::clever.... deserves a thumbs up.
lakers are overachieving this year::Trust me, it's killing kobe inside that these last two games played out the way it did.    Now that there is undeniable proof that kobe shooting less = teammates more involved = lakers playing better = WINS.    Kobe can't have any excuse for shooting 30 shots a game anymore
lakers are overachieving this year::Melo shoots the ball over 50% as often as Felton skips dinner.
riprope27::http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=b6cvvrl
bcbunley89::Im gonna need you to not have to go down to the wire against the Josh Smith and Jeff Teague led Atlanta Hawks......can you do that for me NY???
BlazeandWillieGNYK::Melo broke some ankles last night.  Knickstape!  http://tinyurl.com/GoingtotheKnicksGame
knicks_112ndcoming::melo is the man ooh wee
i want bacon::the Knicks relevance continues to worry people...that is why they come on a KNICKS chat and rip them. It happens after every game win or lose.
charlie180385::not with the defense the knicks have been playing the last 6 weeks. if they dont improve t they wont get out of first round.
ammizny::And the only argument is that the Knicks haven't won anything with the worst GM in sports  history making ridiculous signings or that Melo hasn't won anything on a different team in which he never had any help outside of one year.  The Knicks will likely be in the eastern conference finals this year and given their success against the Heat, there's a good chance they can win the conference.
bcbunley89::No sir.....different time come playoffs.  LeBron aint havin it
TheAvenger007::Can't believe its not butter.
UnderdogswillriseEventually::The Knicks starting lineup consists of 3 point guards, one small forward, and one center.
cov369::and with that we are 2nd in the east, thanks for the complement
nba is the worst::Can't believe 'Melo didn't go for the record
tpsmith812::Melo is n awesome talent top 5 easily, no on can argue that.  The issue with him is he is a hugeball hog like Kobe, and he will rarely let others win the game.  It's an eg thing with these guys.    Like I said he's awesome but not so much a team player.
onlyavoice57::Ball Hog Melo &amp; Doesn't Make Teammates Better. Everyone Who Isn't A Knick Fan See's That. Still, The Knicks Are The Team To Beat In The East, Like It Or Not, Believe It Or Not.
muncieplumbers::I agree.  Melo better buy his own ring because he aint gonna win one
RO7NY::first of all, he is not a ballhog.  Do you even know what that is? And while you're talking so much trash about him and Kobe... if you think they ball hog, what did Jordan do? He shot just as much if not more... so by that standard of yours, Jordan, Kobe, Melo, and a lot of other hall of famers were ball hogs.... but ball hogs with rings.  Melo's is coming soon.
31Kelso::The Knicks still suck...they needed 9 3's by Melo just to win by a couple of points
kraziflo471::hey king7519 i think hes a hawks fan i would be hateful too ..lol
kraziflo471::yeah thats great example of ignorance they did not needed they just when in like that time jordan score a lot 3s at the garden but the knicks have enough talent to take anybody in the nba if healthy if i knew you  i would bet what i dont have that if this team stays healthy its east finals with out a doubt most problably nba finals but keep hating i dont like a lot of teams im a knicks fan but im not going to go on the knicks article to kill their thunder for my own enjoyment i feel some signs of fear there haha.. #knickstape all year haha.
King7519::haters gonna hate and knicks gonna knick! #knickstape2013chip
nba is the worst::Still lots of injured players
Wolverines_STLCardinals_Billikens::LOL  one playoff win since 2001. One of the most pathetic franchises in the entire league.
G-Man_XLII::Wolverines_STLCardinals_Billikens - *Washington Wizards* and they are better than the Knicks in the last decade (except the Bobcats).
ammizny::Only trolls care about how good the Knicks have been.  The Knicks aren't even close to being the same team from three years ago let alone ten.  Isaiah Thomas ran them into the ground and it took awhile for them to recover from that, but that's all in the past.
Wolverines_STLCardinals_Billikens::*Insert random team name here* and they are better than the Knicks in the last decade (except the Bobcats).
RO7NY::and who are you a fan of? Lemme guess... you are either an OKC, Miami, Spurs, Boston or Lakers fan right? How convenient.
The Lakers are BS::.
RO7NY::I'd be willing to bet money, that if the Knicks somehow manage to make it to the finals and win, the Melo haters will find a way to try and pull him down.  I'm not sure why people insist on bashing this guy.  The Kid is a baller, period.  He's top 4 in this league.  And no matter how you bash and hate... he is just that... one of the best... imagine if he had a bonified type-A player starting with him... Like Durant, James, Cp3, and Kobe have.  Melo has a bunch of role players on his team... yet the Knicks are right there with every other team in the NBA.
roastbeafman87::I guess I generally agree with you, except for the role players thing. Tyson Chandler for example helps him a lot more than LeBron would.
RO7NY::Here's my point... imagine if Cp3 were with the Knicks.  The Knicks would be #1 in the league... i'm sure of that.  While Felton is a great PG... he's no Cp3.  Look how good Cp3 makes Blake Griffin look.  Without Paul, he's regular some could even argue, subpar.    Melo does not demand the ball, he actually flows in the offense, and shoot when he's open or finds the open man.  But when you have the hot hand, you keep shooting and I'm sure his teammates didn't mind.  I wouldn't if I was his teammate.  If he had another A type on his team, he wouldn't have to expend so much energy carry the team throughout the season... Durant doesn't have this pressure, this is why I say Melo is better.
jmoose76::tpsmith,  You are wrong bro. Melo does not demand the ball. When we fall into a half court set he is usally the best option.  Watch a few Knicks games before you comment
tpsmith812::If he had another Alpha type player it would never work because Melo demands the ball.  The only A player I see working wit Melo would be a Ray Allen since he hangs out in the wing.
fokman::Ahh... Love me some Melo haters early in the AM after a Knicks win!!
OttoisOrange5::Melo is the best player in the NBA.
lakers are overachieving this year::He is the best at not advancing past the first round
nba is the worst::At missing shots, no question
Wolverines_STLCardinals_Billikens::The Knicks will never sniff the finals with Melo as their best player.
RO7NY::I think I heard this same thing being so intelligently articulated about Dirk as well.
lakers are overachieving this year::not really, dirk led them to the finals once and conference finals a few times before he finally won it.  melo rarely gets past the first round
Kobe Beast Bryant::I thought Josh Smith was a PF. 2 rebs?!?!?!?
Donnie Walsh::26 Team Rebs Is Ridiculous - We Need a Glass Eater - Kevin Love gets that by himself!
coljetsfan::Melo is MVP
Donnie Walsh::Who gives a damn about MVP just win a damn CHIP !!!
micaroni715::Making nine 3's is great. But taking nine 3's is terrible.
charlie180385::tyson had terrible defensive night, felton even worse, the knicks better off zoning the entire game . love knicks but know if they continue to play this way they are out in round 1!
Donnie Walsh::We were lucky to win, Defense was lousy giving ATL a layup lane and our offensive spacing is atrocious! This won't cut it in the Playoffs!!!! What are the Coaches doing?  Lets get going and pick up some healthy players if we have to do so!
The_JTrain_3000::Tyson was hurting
I attend the SEC University of Bandwagoners::not really if you're a good shooter....
Larry_Sportello::ppl call this Melo's best game of his career.... just to put it in perspective, Kobe dropped 61 on the Knicks back in 09 in the Garden, MJ scored 50+ a couple of times. Melo is nowhere near their league, even today Kobe a better scorer than Melo
DBall72886::Well genius Melo has scored 50 twice and also put up 33 in one quarter one time
Donnie Walsh::Interesting because Kobe calls Melo the best scorer in The Association!
RO7NY::along with a lot of current and former NBA players like the Knick Hater Charles Barkley.  So if he says it, it has to hold some weight.
BosPat88::And the mainstream media's push to get Melo the MVP has begun......
Knicks just hit another 3 and are up by 20::9-12 threes that's just ridiculous
MOREREGGAE::knicks suck
Kate50425::I love Knicks!!!!!!!!!           http://KnicksVsHawksBestPlayOfTheGame.qr.net/kateblog
Tony Romo is Elite::spam warning dont click unless you want to make 6000 from home doing hardly anything lol. yeah im the that guy that believed it might actually be some knicks hawks highlights. shame on me
Kate50425::Nice one... Now we know you can use copy/paste... Maybe you are not so dumb after all
Kate50425::You dumb f.ck
Large Scrotum::your a f.uckin spam w.h.o.r.e. do you really think anyone will click on your link and sign up? your a predator for stupid people with an iq of 20. get a life
Large Scrotum::you spam w.h.o.r.e
Kate50425::Go Knicks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!          http://KnicksVsHawksBestplayOfTheGame.qr.net/kateblog
crgmusgrove::Melo had the game of his life tonight with good bench production and barely won. Yuck.
SmokeyNYY::His best game ever actually came against the knicks and rockets. He scored 50 points his career high.
SmokeyNYY::Wasn't even close to his best game. That's how good he is.
BXwarriorBX::you win or you lose thats it
BXwarriorBX::not even close you must not watch much basketball
dmdpro::game of his life? lmao this was no wher enear his best game he was like 1 for 9 at one point
superpieman802.2::15-28 9-12 on three pointers this was just about the best game of his career
Large Scrotum::carsmello anferny &gt; no one
Large Scrotum::,,,,,,\|,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,|  ,,,,,,,\:,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,F  ,,,,,,,,L:,,,,,,,,,,,,,-,-,,,,,,,,,,,,,,/  ,,,,,,,,,’:,,,,,,,,,,,,/,),,\,_,,,,,,,,,|  ,,,,,,,,,,,’,,,,’,,,,-(-””)’,,),,,,,,,,,,,L  ,,,,,,,,,,,,’,__,-’,,|,,’,,’|,’,,,,,,,,,,,\ L “I’m shooting like U melo” -melo fanboy-  ,,,,’,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,’!_’,,,|-,,,,,,,,,,,,\  ,’-,_,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,”‘,,,)::”,,,,,,,,,,L  ,,,,,’-,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,_,’:::’,,,,,,,,,,,J  ,,,,,J,,’-,_,,,,,,,,_,,-’,,,):’,,,,,,,,,,,,,,L
Snitchy Cent::carmelo anthony &gt; carmelo_aferny.
Manny4990::U  GOT  SOME  SERIOUS  ISSUES   WERIDO  SMH
cjbrown4587::Wow you must have quite the man crush....you mad that he didn't reply to your stalker mail?
Prelude23::Carmelo = Best ball hog ever
poochTM66::Considering the high profile ball hogs that have played... that could be a compliment.
cjbrown4587::I bet the bathroom is where you escape from the world, and forget that women think you're gross, and that you have no friends.  That's the only explanation for your continuous flow of toilet trolling.
cincirox73::Been following a bet system called Sportsbettingstar. I am making around $3000 a month profits using this systems picks. You can find the system on google by searching for sports betting systems.
ice cold Forte::its funny last night every melo hater alive was trollin till sunbreak ..now there no where to be found and the board is dead...ur sum weird a s s fans...that man melo was BEASTIN tonight
superpieman802.2::remember when melo player luol deng and the bulls? 14-32? that ring a bell 3-0 that ring a bell?  yea dont get it confused not all of us are melo haters. no need for me to be a melo hater the bulls have the knicks number this year.
cjbrown4587::Haha yep, they have nothing to say...esp since the Heat lost and the Celtics are trash so that's most of the trolls right there.
chriscook10::Only Reason Knicks Stay In Games Shoot 40 3ptrs
emc614::they are good 3s good open 3s
Killuminati66x::find me on the lakers board peace   - Killuminati
garnolfini::really. tho.
swishin-dishin::is this board completely empty
Killuminati66x::nah i check back from time to time but im probably headed to the lakers board...   rediculous.
Radray12::yeaaaaaa
Honey Nut Cheerios -2.0::The key is to figure out why the nicks haven't won a cup in 40 years and do something different
swishin-dishin::i have a man crush on melo  -honey nut cheerios 2.0
Killuminati66x::only 8 teams have in the last 33 years so go somewhere LOL
Honey Nut Cheerios -2.0::Go to your room
Killuminati66x::No
Honey Nut Cheerios -2.0::I said please so you have too
Killuminati66x::no
Honey Nut Cheerios -2.0::When responding to my posts please preface your statement with "sir"
swishin-dishin::the key is to figure out what five guys close the games. i think they need kidd, melo, tyson an felton out there. not sure about the fith guy. prob jr.
garnolfini::Felton is the weakest link. Can't defend. Air balls in the paint.
garnolfini::They won't pick and roll late in a game. Put the ball in Melo's hands, not Felton's
Killuminati66x::shumpert is an alright peremeter shooter son
swishin-dishin::they cant keep swapping shump in and out though and unless he starts shooting threes better hell hurt the spacing too.
Killuminati66x::nah hes needed for the pick and roll offense,  and is a much better on ball defender than kidd
Killuminati66x::Felton Kidd Melo Stoudemire  Chandler  but i'd use a lot of shumpert too in the closing minutes
Killuminati66x::thats why i suggested a lot of shumpert.   Honestly, maybe shumpert over kidd
swishin-dishin::not sure about the defense of that unit. the offensive spacing is tricky too.
Honey Nut Cheerios -2.0::I just took a Knicks and wiped my melo
Honey Nut Cheerios -2.0::Honey Nut Cheerios -2.0 - I just took a Knicks and wiped my melo
Killuminati66x::Protip : when trolling on anonymous message boards your first priority should be to make sense  &lt;3
Killuminati66x::Where are all the plastic lin fans, and why is this board dead so much... its 1AM on EASt COAst i know yall aint sleep
