Josh Sweat::Joakim Noah is the s and is by far the best passing big
Clint Czar Jefferson::Agreed.
James Belandres::Tim Duncan is a lot better, this stupid narrative about Noah being the best passing big man started a year ago and it's hilarious  They tried to say the same thing about Marc Gasol two years ago, too
Josh Sweat::Alright hater explain the 9 assists acouple night ago just short of a triple dub following 6 assists the next night, you're just one of those that judges players by looks. Go watch broke back mountain
Michael John::Bulls front office keeps ripping pieces from Thibs yet he still finds a way to win, this team has heart no matter who is out there and that's why they will never tank. Lets go Bulls!
James Belandres::another dumb bulls fan  if you had half a brain you'd know the reason the bulls are always short handed and injured is because of Thibs   he doesn't know how to manage minutes or buy guys rest during games. he runs his players down to the bone, and everyone wonders why the bulls are always banged up in the playoffs.   Thibs is a great defensive coach, but that's about it. he chases regular season wins at the cost of his players.
Taylor Manes::James belandres another dumb heat bandwagoner..
Virl Seribo::James Belandres I used to think the same about minutes played; however, Jordan averaged 40 minutes per game and Pippen averaged about 38 (http://espn.go.com/chicago/nba/story/_/id/7554015/chicago-bulls-need-luck-play-june).  Their era, in my opinion, was much more physically taxing on the body as it is now.  Take a look at the 'Jordan Rules' versus the Pistons during 89-90.  That series alone would be filled with fines and suspensions.  I don't know if the Bulls need a new training regimen or all these injuries are just an anomaly.
Taylor Manes::Every time I want us to win we lose every time I want us to lose we win..WTF
Trevor Hennington::Yea man its pretty ridiculous.
Prince Donald::also everyone that wants to tank should know the guys predicted to be the top players drafted are not franchise guys... they are good but not cant miss prospects in the eyes of every gm you can get as great a pick from 1-25 in this draft... no one knows who will be the dominant guy. so tanking isnt a good idea.
John Raymond Paradiso Jr.::"He (Reinsdorf) was considering trading some veterans-notably Pippen"..."Secretly I hoped that we could find another solution. I was dubious that we could ever get fair value for Pippen, easily the best all around player in the league, and I was relieved when the trade deadline passed...and Scottie was still on the team".                                                                                                                                                                                          Phil Jackson- Sacred Hoops That was '93-'94 - It's '13-'14....Exactly 20 years ago... Management wanted to trade Scottie in 94- They trade Deng in '14 In 94 Mike was in batting practice-In 14 Pooh's in rehab In 94 Phil was concerned-In 14 Thibs is piss*d off In 94 Scottie was an underrated crucial piece of the puzzle- In 14 Deng-ditto In 94 Reinsdorf was trying to screw us- In 14 apparently he's still h()rny
Jacob Dockter::keep on losing bucks. Got the first chance in the lottery by 3.5 games. Bulls are still good enough to be in the playoffs in the east. So bulls fans you can quit talking about tanking, and getting a top round draft pick. It aint gonna happen.
Taylor Manes::Everyone knows David stern Is going to rig the draft..Lol..don't be surprised if we get jabari parker...paxson has a few tricks up his sleeve too..like trading kirk to the warriors and trading dunleavy to the rockets..
Jacob Dockter::Taylor Manes LOL. rigg the nba draft. that is nearly impossible, just a dur conspraicy theory. the nba lottery is done by a third party now, and is audited by anther third party, it also is attended by all the nba teams. I believe it all just one computer algorithm
Taylor Manes::Jacob dockter he rigged the draft in 2008 everyone knows the bulls were not supposed to get rose they had a 1·9 percent of getting the number one draft pick..oops..
Prince Donald::this is the kind of Noah effort u need every night.... nick friedell was saying oh he's not speaking to the media... its because he's letting his game do the talking.
Vin Turner::What the hell are the Bulls doing? They should be LOSING! They pick a fine time to go on a winning streak, SMH.
Kyle Raymer::Give them a break, Bucks are a tough team to lose too.  They were just the better losers this time.  Next game we got the loss for sure.  Just need to get unfocused and stop doing the important stuff and we will be just fine.
Liam McKenner::Lets go Chicago lets go for a 4 game winning streak!
Colin Ziolkowski::As a Bucks fan, I'm so happy that we have an Awful Head Coach! He has no clue what he's doing! I hope Hammond hired this guy on purpose to make sure that he leads us to the worst record in the league! Because if he hired this guy because he thought he was good, then we need to Fire Hammond and give the job to his very talented Assistant GM(Who has a smarted Basketball mind than his boss)The Bucks will have 1 of the 5 best teams in the NBA in terms of Talent after next seasons Draft and they'll need a Talented Head Coach to show them the way and teach them how to win because Larry Drew is not an Elite Coach! In fact, he's anything but! Another Great loss! Another step closer to Wiggins,Randle,Parker,Smart,Embiid,or Exum! Any 1 of those kids, along with the talent we already have, will give the Bucks their Second Super Star because Giannis Antetokounmpo is a Future Super Duper Star! Those of you who don't see him every game like I do have no clue how good he's gonna be! Keep Up the Good work!! Spear the Deer! GO BUCKS 2014!!
Evan Hollnagel::Man these refs are being very picky with the Bucks and letting the Bulls slide on so much. So many uncalled illegal screens by the Bulls and jersey tugging when they get screened with no fouls getting called. The difference is 22 free throw attempts. #StatsDon'tLie
Rocky Rosado::god take boozer the hell. dude is a scrub. no way he should be starting over Taj. Thibs is failing at the power forward position by not starting taj. Such a great coach and defensive minded coach but doesn't realize that Taj should be starting.
Anthony Trella::Yea his 19 and 13 was so horrible lol.. U realize when we amnesty him after this year were gona be even worse.. Taj is not a starter but a decent backup!
Rocky Rosado::Anthony Trella Do you do realize that Since Last year Taj have shot over 55% and averaged 17ppg 13rpg 2bpg as a starter
Anthony Trella::As a starter he is a 12-13ppg 8reb guy.. His shot is too inconsistent and can't be a starter on a championship team
Jacob Dockter::dont worry bulls fans, you will still win this. bucks are terrible, nice start. but i dont see bucks blowing anybody out. Miami could be without wade, lebron, and bosh, and the bucks would still barley win
Josh Sweat::I guess but most nights noah a true center leads the bulls in assists. Timmy is a legend cool deal but noah is a true team player
Terry Lear::Fans paid real money to watch this game, i have something to say about this, time for my evening dump.
Ricardo Rick Pleasant::Da Bulls need a big off season move and hopefully get rose back. Other than that, Go Bulls
Adam Hallet::Please tell me why luke ridnour played 40 min and larry sanders only played 23
James Belandres::lmfao 10-1 run to start the game. way to not show up chicago
Raj Patel::goodbye lottery, hello 6th seed
Trevor Hennington::Wow this is an incredibly ugly game.
Antony Copland::10-1 right now? WOOOOOOW! LMAO
Kevin Lazarski::Capers needs to be fired
Evan Hollnagel::Bucks gonna win this one
Josh Sweat::hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha you are crazy
Jacob Dockter::bucks know how to tank. Bulls actually still want to win for whatever reason, their defense has been playing a-lot better. And in this year, the bulls can still be a top 4 team in the east. And might even get into the 2nd round of the playoffs if they get the 4th seed.
Evan Hollnagel::Josh Sweat laugh all you want but the Bulls are just as bad as the Bucks... (w/o Rose and now no more Deng of course)
Brantley Lott::go Chicago
Adam Hallet::go bucks
