lovesports3409::Get your jabs in now... because you won't later.
Lomax66::Sure I will. I get them in all the time. It's too easy.
Lomax66::Hahaha... Nice game. WOH!! The dominating Bulls!  WOH!!!!!!!!!  hahahahaha!
TeamLese::Dang bulls just lost controll of the one seed here.
CHILLWILL41000::Yeah
Knicks are a 1st round exit. ONCE AGAIN::Bulls trolls ripping heat yesterday for losing to the bulls then LeClutch drops 17 in last 5 minutes...  Bulls lose to a D-league team
esplife03::ehhhh pointless game, good call by thibs resting rose and deng. The only thing I can take away from it is it's good to see RIP finally getting into a groove
TeamLese::They don't have the 1 seed yet bro! There only 2 games ahead of the heat, have a game AT the heat, and likely won't have the tiebreaker say they end up with the same record. The bulls may have just blown their best chance at a chapionship tonight! And you don't even sound worried.
954_2_da_305::Lol beaten by the second worst team in the league... pathetic.
lovesports3409::Best in the East still. It's called strategy.
Rdhutchi::Best dunk montage I've seen in a while Check this out if you love dunks!!!!!!!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wDc-di5kIek
ynot1825::Rose is the reason you don't give an idiot lots of money. First he complains about getting fouled now he's complaining about fame....money won't take out the trash....the boy has lost all credit....
GrizzK4::Typical Rose hater.  ESPN is really pulling at threads to try to make D-Rose seem like a terrible person. How many quotes can they twist around and put their spin on before people start catching on? I know it's easy to obey what ESPN says like it's the final authority on everything in sport psychology, but give me a break. He wants some alone time. That's it! His personality is quiet and reserved, and he just wants to time to hang out and relax, but it's not there. Can't blame a guy for wanting a bit of what he had just a few years ago, I can't even imagine the culture shock pro athletes have to go through with all the money and fame! I can't say I'm not jealous......but still. Now that him and his family are set for life, why wouldn't he worry about his quality of life? Get over your jealousy, ynot1825.
lovesports3409::^^^This.
I Love_Lamp::I dont understand what's wrong with not wanting fame and always being in the limelight.  The dude is just still adjusting not being able to live a normal life ever again.  And every superstar complains about being fouled so neither of your complaints make much sense.
GeorgetownDCman::Tha wiz! Teams better recognize or Seraphin will straight up grease you
GeorgetownDCman::yeah he was but now he is with the Wiz where he can get playing time because we suck at the moment while the Bulls are probably gonna be in the championship
sjr1893::Wasnt Seraphin from a Bulls pick in the draft?
pspank23::O Ok
sjr1893::Bull drafted him, then traded him to the Wiz
pspank23::no
RyanCarranza::That man had a nice game.
Michael_Orlando_Magic4life.::Rose shooting 25 shots a game and ball hogging is what got him injured.  What an idiot.  Now he just an injury prone player.
sjr1893::everybody always mentions his high amount of shots. But everybody fails to mention the guy averages 8 assists per game
MattRoxyouuu::i hope that's ok with you
MattRoxyouuu::thunder
ChiBulls8908::Who are you a fan of kind sir?
MattRoxyouuu::im not a bulls fan, so im fine with him shooting every time if he wants to
ChiBulls8908::How is 8 assists per game being selfish?
RyanCarranza::He is an Orlando fan, probably lives in Florida, where logic and reason are forbidden,
pspank23::Coming from a Magic fan... in about a year your team will be looking like the bobcats then that name will change quick...lol
RyanCarranza::Speaking of idiots we cannot stand listening to... ^
RyanCarranza::Right?!  The only reason Orlando is even semi-relevant in this league is because they happen to have an undecisive Diva on their team.
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::a magic fan. really?
RyanCarranza::Wilbon is a guy I can listen to!
pspank23::yes he tells it like it is...he even gets on the Bulls sometimes...
RyanCarranza::He gets on the Bulls a lot
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::and it's not just because he is a chicago fan, the guy is fair and real about most everything. and it doesn't hurt he is a chicago guy
ChiBulls8908::I luv Wilbon. Not for the fact is he from Chicago, but he has great articles to read and his analysis is great on TV
miguel151551::just heard some funny shi t!!! Collin cowherd said the heat have the best starting 5 roatation in the league!! bahahah WTF is he smoking!!!
miguel151551::cowterd!!!
ChiBulls8908::Now that is a great debate. Who is worse: Cowherd or Bayless
miguel151551::yes he is!!
ChiBulls8908::So is 90% of ESPN
pspank23::Broussard...if thats how you spell his name...he a big Miami butt kisser
RyanCarranza::I cannot stand that guy... It's pretty pathetic how bad is "opinions" are.
MattRoxyouuu::smith covers other sports too. along with collin he seems to be the most football ignorant person i've seen on tv. I can't believe they pay him. i think he might only be hired to be a provocative voice
RyanCarranza::Broussard has all these sources... that he can never ever name.
pspank23::Hi I'm Broussard and my inside informant tells me....
ChiBulls8908::I AM STEPHEN A SMITH AND I YELL TO GET MY POINT ACROSS!!!!!!!
RyanCarranza::Stephen A actually knows things about basketball and his objective opinions are based on the sport and not the bias.  Skip and Collin are on another level when it comes to be hiding their bias behind a few facts.
MattRoxyouuu::hahaha i know, it's like he's in a battle with stephen a smith for biggest idiot
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::dude seems like a skip wanna be. and he has an analogy for every stupid thing. can't stand that guy
Bluhntman::Way to solve free throw problem--&gt; Make more Jump shots. I don't trust anyone at the line besides Watson or Lucas to be honest. Even Korver has been shooting only like 80% lately.
RyanCarranza::Free throws win basketball games...  If your team gets to the line 20 times and you make 13 of those and you end losing by 4 or 5... you just feel dumb.
01Bulls4life::FT are sometimes unbearable to watch....  Last few games every time they go to the line, I know it's either 1 or none, it can never be 2.
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::I still trust Deng and Korver and even my man Noah now, but your right they need to get way better at the line
sjr1893::free throws are one of the Bulls biggest flaws
chitwnwest::get on with  the playoffs already
MattRoxyouuu::I wonder if rose realizes how many people are bashing him for being "soft" on these message boards
01Bulls4life::I doubt any sports- star, celebrity, famous people care what others think.  if that was the case LBJ would had gone nuts.
MattRoxyouuu::then either don't play basketball or don't try to take it to the basket every time. what does he expect to happen when guys much bigger than him don't want him to score easy lay ups?
01Bulls4life::You have to also think where Derrick is coming from.  He is just getting back after been injured most of the season i'm sure he doesn't want to be out due to someone hacking him sending him back to the bench.
MattRoxyouuu::are we talking about just this week? btw how often did jordan complain about it? i remember him taking some really hard hits
ChiBulls8908::So he publically complains 2 times about fouls and that is a lot?
MattRoxyouuu::its more about what rose says, since he complains about hard fouls so much I bet he will be fouled even harder now
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::Rose is not Lebron, he will not let what people say have an effect on his game. he could care less, while Skip runs Lebrons life
mccoywajmu::he probably doesnt care
ChiBulls8908::I wonder if Rose really cares what you think
MattRoxyouuu::that wont help unless the whole defense parts like the red sea so rose doesn't have a career ending injury
ChiBulls8908::Im sure Rose is taking notes right now about who calls him soft. He has you marked down!
MattRoxyouuu::very loud. since you attributed the "soft" talk to only me when in fact 90% of people are posting that rose is made of glass
ChiBulls8908::Did you literally laugh out loud there
MattRoxyouuu::what about the other 50,000 people?? lol
Bluhntman::The Bulls are not banged up. Rose had a sore foot or something? Obviously he was resting for the more important Heat game. Same goes with Deng.
Knicks1973championsHAHA::rose needs to play i would sit deng until the playoffs
ChiBulls8908::Rose had a slight limp after practice. They held him out more for precaution then anything
Knicks1973championsHAHA::An actual concern for the bulls in health/free throw percentage and turnovers.
mccoywajmu::Turnovers will get better with your starting backcourt in tact...free throws are a problem
Bluhntman::whats heath
GrizzK4::A delicious chocolate and toffee bar!
ChiBulls8908::TO's have been terrible lately
miguel151551::very true!!
sjr1893::Glad Rip is starting to look like his old self. Sucks to lose, but the Bulls will overcome it and win the next one
draino25::your right rip is old
aazizi::This season (schedule) is killing teams. Damn you David Stern. Luckily, he spreads the playoffs over 3 months, so teams will have more off days during the playoffs than the regular season.
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::it's a bad joke the way the playoffs take so long.
aazizi::No kidding. It works in the players (who make the playoffs) favor this season. Since they played 9000 games in about a week.
ChiBulls8908::The playoffs will get done, and then the NBA's best have to go play in the Olympics and wear themselves out more. Terrible scheduling this year
ChiBulls8908::I seriously can't argue with you anymore. You just keep making yourself sound more stupid.
draino25::hahaha nothing has been announced, kobe cp3 wade d-will are the only guarantee guards going
ChiBulls8908::Rose and CP3 are going. CP3 will most likely start. the only way rose won't go is if he declines just to rest, but I highly doubt he will decline
draino25::westbrook is a stud and he needs to get out from durant and do his own thing.  guarantee rose wont be on the olympic team
ChiBulls8908::Kidd isn't going. he wasn't even in the finalists
mccoywajmu::utter fail
draino25::dont forget about westbrook...they would take him before rose in a heartbeat...so would any team in the nba haha
mccoywajmu::they took 3 pgs j kidd cp3 and dwill.....rose is going to make the team if he wants to be on it
draino25::oh you mean he is on the 20 man roster, dont worry he wont make the team, he has no jump shot and thats what coach k likes in his guards.
draino25::rose?  didnt knwo he was on the team?  they usually only take 2 point guards which would be cp3 and d-will
MattRoxyouuu::i hope rose doesn't play in the Olympics too. I want the USA to win!
ChiBulls8908::Actually Deng, Noah, Rose all play for their countries, but good call. Keep making yourself sound stupid
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::I'm hoping Rose will not play the Olympics this year and just get his body right
draino25::good thing no one on the bulls is going right?
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::very disappointed  in the bulls they should of won this game.  But lets use it to learn a lesson and move on.  good to see Rip play more min and looks like he is really getting back into shape now, at least we can take that from this game
ChiBulls8908::Rip is looking good after this latest injury. Let's hope he can stay healthy
ChiBulls8908::I want everyone to realize how stupid Draino sounds right now. He just said the Bulls 72-10 team, the same team that has been labeled as the best team of all time, would not have won a title in the 70's or 80's. Go back to playing World or Warcraft you little dbag hahaha.
bolton41415::that bulls team wouldnt beat 03 spurs, FACT. steve kerr would have to play himself. i dont know why im in here. ok im leaving
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::why even argue with him it's not like anyone can be right. no one will ever know.
draino25::i know that jordan didnt win a title in the 80's when the league was the best it has ever been, but he did win titles when the league was the worst it had ever been.
MattRoxyouuu::i can't tell, are you a heat fan or something? lol
ChiBulls8908::This kid knows nothing and he continues to spew garbage
draino25::again how many titles did the bulls win in the 80's?
KingOfDunks::Knicks in the early 1970's was the NBA finest
KingOfDunks::Bulls 1991-93 team was better then the next 3 peat teams...Ask MJ and Pippen
draino25::i agree completely...im talking about before them
MattRoxyouuu::hopefully rose will be ready for the start of the playoffs next season. is that enough time to heal?
big1dunny::Rose this year reminds me of KG back in 2009, Bynum back in 2008, Brandan Roy, Amare a few years behind that all stars who missed tons of games all year and were all supposed to be back weeks before the reg season ended to get some games to knock off rust. It never happened and when they tried they looked bad or ended up being shut down. I'm starting to think Rose will either be ineffective in the playoffs or will get shutdown just like all these guys I mentioned.
Knicks1973championsHAHA::5 different injuries not a good sign
big1dunny::That's what the celtics said about KG, the lakers said about Bynum, the blazers said about Roy, and the Suns said about Amare. lAll year if it were a playoff game he's be playing no big deal just wait for the playoffs. lol
mccoywajmu::he will be fine..if yesterday was a playoff game he would of played
draino25::rose didnt have a jump shot to begin with...that isnt rust
MattRoxyouuu::im talking about the 2013 playoffs. i dont think he will "fully recover" this season. imagine if he played football or something. he would probably be in a wheelchair.
big1dunny::He doesn't need any more rest he's rested all year. He needs reg season games to get his confidence and knock off rust. Plus he needs to gain chemistry with the rest of the starters. Clock is ticking and you don't want him or the team "searching" in the middle of the playoffs.
ChiBulls8908::This last injury was more for rest. There is no doubt the kid will play come playoff time. I just want him to get reps in before hand
draino25::you put the jordan bulls teams in the 80's against the lakers and celtics teams they wouldnt have won a title
Knicks1973championsHAHA::jordan won defensive play of the year. wow u are stupid
KingOfDunks::Bulls would beat those teams, Bulls defense was top notch and none of those teams could stop MJ at all in the 80's....Pippen and Grant usually shut down anyone on those teams
draino25::right and had no titles
KingOfDunks::None but your comparing a 90's team to an 80's team so it makes sense to compare MJ to the 80's cause he did play in the 80's
draino25::how many titles did the bulls win in the 80's?
draino25::you can beat teams with kerr, and paxon and guys like that when the league sucks, but not when it is full of great teams and great players all around.
ChiBulls8908::I really want to send your comments to a website and get them posted. You sound like the biggest idiot of all time right now
draino25::jordan isnt beating teams full of all stars and the greatest players of all time.
Knicks1973championsHAHA::yep
ChiBulls8908::Ok. It is official. This kid is truly an idiot
Knicks1973championsHAHA::96 bulls team would be any team . 96 bulls are best team in nba history moron
draino25::how many titles did jordan win in the 80's?  when the great teams and players were still in there prime&gt;?
ChiBulls8908::Then you are an idiot
draino25::because of the record....i would take magic, jabar, worthy, and all the other players on that team against any jordan team.
ChiBulls8908::Maybe not 72-10, but that Bulls team would kill any team! You do realize that team is labeled as the BEST OF ALL TIME. Not any team in the 80's or 70's.
draino25::your really going to say that if you put that bulls team in the 80's that they would go 72-10?
ChiBulls8908::I feel sorry for how stupid you sound Draino
draino25::why beacuse they played in a weak league?  72-10 against nobody's isnt the same as the 80's
Knicks1973championsHAHA::knicks will always be the bulls biotch
KingOfDunks::Your regular season was nice, But sorry Bulls...Knicks - Heat ECF
Knicks1973championsHAHA::3-1 vs knicks 2-1 vs heat beat the clippers/pacers/atlanta/spurs and many others idiot
big1dunny::In the reg season having a deep team and playing hard every night can get you wins. In the playoffs rotations get shorter there are more days off to rest guys, veteran players and matchups rule the game. Which is why you have seen tons of great regular season teams like last years Bulls, Cavs, Suns, ect through the years grab #1 seeds only to get destroyed by teams in the playoffs and have no championship to show for it.
draino25::all bulls fans have is regular season
draino25::and they have 2 to many duke players on the team
big1dunny::reg season matchups don't mean nothing. Didn't the Bulls sweep the Heat in the reg season only to get spanked in the playoffs. Playoffs is a different animal. Especially when the bulls are running on fumes and limping to the finish line. Same thing happened to the Spurs and they got bounced in the first round and their "great regular season" was for nothing.
ChiBulls8908::The Bulls JUST BEAT YOU
KingOfDunks::that was beginning of the season, now the Bulls are in trouble.  Rose is injured, there is no chemistry, every team is playing just as hard as them.  Bulls have no advantage anymore
KingOfDunks::Bulls cant even beat cellar Dwellars, anyteam can beat the Bulls anyday....Bulls played hard all season but now all NBA teams are playing hard so bulls lost their advantage..Trust me, Bulls will lose first round
mccoywajmu::hahahaha yall have to learn how to rebound first...and somebody besides melo has to score in double figures
ChiBulls8908::hahahaha. Thats cute
Knicks1973championsHAHA::lebron 0 titles 2-8 in finals. end of story goodbye idiots
Knicks1973championsHAHA::draino your a moron. Jordan beat magic/drexler/barkley/kemp/payton/malone/stockton
Bluhntman::He did beat the Lakers and the Celtics in the early 90s.
ChiBulls8908::The kid is a moron. It's very obvious he is like 14 years old, knows nothing about basketball, and became a Heat fan last year
draino25::what great teams did jordan have to beat?  not the lakers teams, or the celtics teams, he beat and old detroit team at the end of thomas's career, but be real stockton and malone were the biggest contender every year hahaha those guys together now would barely be making playoffs.
Knicks1973championsHAHA::he was in 1996
draino25::they were all on different teams!!! and kemp?  you put shawn kemp in the category of a great player?
ChiBulls8908::Malone and Stockton were on the same team
mccoywajmu::Jordans era of players &gt; Lebrons era of players
draino25::not when jordan started winning titles....the 90's was one of the worst era's in nba history.  it was the time between the great 70's and 80's...talent was slim and spread around
draino25::hey remember when jordan had to wait until all the great players and teams retired from the nba before he started winning titles against irrelevant teams?
ChiBulls8908::Playing a Knicks team with Ewing every year in the playoffs is irrelevant? Now I know this kid is an idiot! haha
ChiBulls8908::But you just said all great players were gone? There were a sh*t ton of great players in Jordans era. How old are you like 13?
draino25::ewing never came close to winning a title hahahahahahaha....he had no other talent on the team.
izrosechinese::The Bulls are OVERRATED GARBAGE and their fate will be just like last year! ELIMINATED in the playoffs! ROFLMFAO you FAT FILTHY CHICAGO PIG FANS!
izrosechinese::WASHINGTON???????????????? Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! BWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHA! ROFLMFAO! GTFOH you STUPID Bull Fan MORONS! You have NO SHOT at the Finals!
mccoywajmu::2-1 vs the heat
ChiBulls8908::Why do you think Rose is chinese?
draino25::dont worry they got rip hamilton hahaha
mccoywajmu::rip played well yesterday
mccoywajmu::you are MAD lol
ChiBulls8908::Correction.....This guy is our number 1 troll haha
big1dunny::Bulls remind me a little of the spurs last year where they limped into the playoffs health wise and got upset in the first round. And remember the last time the NBA had a lockout shorten season there were tons of upsets in the playoffs including a 1 seed going down first round. If the knicks fall to the 8th seed I could see them beating the bulls.
ChiBulls8908::tell me the winning lotto numbers
pspank23::what you see that in your crystal ball or something...
big1dunny::Rose's problem is he's been injured so long that he needs some games under his belt to knock off rest so they definitely needed him yesterday. They need him to play now, not to win the number 1 seed but to get his legs under him and get chemistry for himself and chemistry with the team. You don't want to be trying to create and gain confidence in your game in the middle of the playoffs
big1dunny::Ever since they got rid of Dantoni and now that the ball and offense goes through Melo they are absolutely a different team and much better then their record suggests. Melo getting hot can take over a series all by himself. Just like he took over and beat you guys last sunday
mccoywajmu::we didnt need to play derrick or deng yesterday....we are going to get the 1st seed anyway....if we can steal some rest of them so be it
ChiBulls8908::The Bulls or their fans aren't worried about the first round matchup. Deng sat out bc of his ribs. Better reason is actually he just wanted rest. Rose was barely limping after practice yesterday, so they took a precautionary measure and sat him
big1dunny::No with Rose being so banged up and no guarantee he will be healthy for the playoffs was the first sign. But now Deng banged up and losing to the wizards yeah these are warning signs that they aint ready for the playoffs. Bulls have way more going on then just "one bad loss". There best hope is that Philly keeps falling off and they catch either them or the bucks in the first round so they have time before they face a real threat.
mccoywajmu::The knicks are not playing great lol wtf are you talking about they create little to no matchup problems for us AND THE KNICKS ARE HURT
ChiBulls8908::So after one bad loss, we have hit rock bottom? How many idiots are going to come in here today? hahaha. You can't compare the Spurs last year, who were old as hell, to the Bulls this year who have the deepest team in the NBA
big1dunny::No need for crystal ball I saw a team look banged up last year after a great regular season and got destroyed by the grizzlies that were playing great at the right time. Kind of like the knicks. They are a team right now that neither Miami or Chicago want to face. Bulls look very vulnerable and have hit rock bottom losing the wizards who are pathetic. Not a good sign when playoffs start in about a week.
ChiBulls8908::Draino please tell me you are a Heat fan
draino25::its so funny to hear people toss out insults when they have nothing to say about the actual topic....
MattRoxyouuu::it looked like the heat were playing a college team in the playoffs. seemed like every time rose wanted to shoot the ball was slapped back in his face
ChiBulls8908::You bring up last year again
draino25::dont worry matt they have nothing relevant to say on the subject matter....they lost to the heat last year 4-1 after sweeping them in the regular season...
draino25::not at all, nba basketball is a complete waste of time, but when real basketball ends and you have nothing else to watch your forced to endure wwe of basketball
MattRoxyouuu::sounds like youre the upset one lol since a failure for the heat is making it to the finals. while success for the bulls would be far less..
ChiBulls8908::Why do all Heat fans talk about last year like they won a ring? Let me guess you are one of those Heat "fans" that started watching basketball last year but claim to be a lifelong fan?
draino25::you got deathshot up here talking about how you beat celtics 3-1 this year and your not scared at all...then i point out that you went 4-0 against miami last year in the regular season....well and we all know how that ended up.  the real mvp made the fake mvp invisible in the 4th quarter of every game
ChiBulls8908::What do you want to talk about? You have been trashing Rose since you got in here. Let's actually talk basketball clown
xxdeathshotxx::draino likes little boys.
pspank23::Was it Rose nose that kept him out or was it the hamstring again or foot?
pspank23::My man just falling apart this year....curses you 66 game season....
pspank23::O Yeah I will never give up on my boys....
lovesports3409::Don't believe the hype.. OK.
pspank23::yes he did...but man it seems like he running on fumes...
lovesports3409::He's good. I mean didn't he hit a game-tying three the other day?
lovesports3409::I think was it just rest.
draino25::his $@%!$@ this time....
draino25::of course it was obvious...lebron put up amazing numbers last year and locked down on everyone on the defensive side of the ball, while the pg guard with no jumpshot wins mvp hahaha joke!!
MattRoxyouuu::im not a fan of either team. but yea that seemed pretty obvious last year
draino25::his fake mvp trophy?  its like a boxer who wins the title because the other actual holder retired....everyone knows the only reason rose got the mvp last year was because of the "Decision".....this year its shown the bulls are just fine without him
ChiBulls8908::He must have rammed his MVP trophy up your a$$. Is that why you are so bitter towards him?
draino25::and then whine about it hahaha
MattRoxyouuu::I think rose is too fragile for sex. he would probably get injured going for the hole, like usual..
draino25::that would require him to be a man...all i see is a wimp who cries about everything.....they foul me too hard boohoo ;(
ChiBulls8908::Did Rose bang your mom or something? You have a lot of hate on him
xxdeathshotxx::foot.
pspank23::WOW what happened.....Deng and Rose out we lose control...
xxdeathshotxx::3-1. boston is garbage and you my friend are an idiot.
draino25::4-0 against miami last year....how did that work out when it actually mattered?
xxdeathshotxx::and we just beat them.
draino25::1 game isnt a 7 game series in the playoffs.  but then again all the bulls have is the regular season because they dont have the talent to win a championship, that requires a superstar.
xxdeathshotxx::draino you're dumb. And i'd rather play the celtics over the pacers anyday. Celtics are garbage and old.
draino25::you swept miami last year and what happened in the playoffs again?  oh thats right 4-1
xxdeathshotxx::we are 3-1 this season against boston this season... yup still not worried in the slightest
draino25::hahaha you must not be watching them at all...they have experience and actual good players coming off the bench and they have 3 future hall of famers, and the 2nd best point guard in the nba on the team....
draino25::#1 gets you the celtics hahaha...enjoy a 7 game series
ChiBulls8908::I think we found our new troller. Welcome to the board Draino. What next troll comment will you give us
draino25::well then its not a guarantee that the bulls make it past the first round.  i was giving you the benefit of the doubt but your right the bulls could lose in the first round
ChiBulls8908::You are not getting my point! Like I said earlier.....It isn't a guarantee the Celts will even get through! How stupid is this kid
xxdeathshotxx::draino you're dumb. And i'd rather play the celtics over the pacers anyday. Celtics are garbage and old. I doubt they even make it past the hawks.
draino25::lol pay attention it is a fixed bracket hahahaha...if you dont know what that means i can explain it to you
ChiBulls8908::Awwww did bandwagon fan Draino realize he sounded like a complete fool?
mroiniotis01::Eh doubt old Man river celtics make it through
ChiBulls8908::And wut if the pacers lose?!?! Then we would face the 6 seed. It's not a guarantee you idiot
draino25::well maybe the bulls will win the first round.  unless rose has another booboo that keeps him out again
draino25::bulls and celtics will both win the first round.  that means that they will play each other.  its not hard
wadrules1::What kind of gorilla math are you using? You been drinking too much of that draino?
draino25::you will be facing the celtics...too bad the heat won get to play you in the ecf this year....wouldnt be much of a series anyway
ChiBulls8908::I hope you are joking. A number 1 seed gets the number 8 seed. In the second round, pending the Celts get through, then we would most likely face them
Jaywashing::Celtics might be easier than the Pacers...I still might prefer the Pacers, though, because it's a more interesting matchup to me.
draino25::and your already making excuses...love it!!!
draino25::considering the celtics are the 4 seed the #1 gets you the celtics...i know you are a bulls fan but please try and keep up
ChiBulls8908::Actually #1 gets us the 8 seed. Bulls aren't frightened by any team in the East. It will all just depend on health tho
yardog59::It happens now and then. Still # 1, this didn't take that away.
pjreiter::Wow, and I thought the Lakers loss to the Wizards on the ROAD was bad.  Yikes.  I realize they didn't have Rose but that's no excuse.
ChiBulls8908::No Rose and no Deng, but you are right. No excuses last night. Very embarrassing loss
hapatino::The Wizards - and at home - really?
mrpatsti2::i love how when the bulls lose, all the heat fans come out to talk crap LOL
SouthFLAnative::Bulls fans are avoiding ESPN.com today... I see. Where are the Bulls trolls at?
yardog59::Wow, just plain stupid. At least this board is done with SouthFLAnative. By the way, It's FL, not FLA; at least for the past 35 years or so. Rock Solid Stupid, son; rock solid!!
mrpatsti2::LOL haha this made my day
mrpatsti2::im not avoiding it at all. we lost fair and square WITHOUT DRose and Deng
lovesports3409::How are you a troll on your own board?
ChiBulls8908::You are on our board, so I guess the troll is you
skinsown28::Wizards are the next thunder
skinsown28::thats what ive been saying man that dudes legit hes got a ton of potential too
travelman::I agree. I hope we don't do anything stupid in the draft, like trading Serphin for some washed up Vet. The kid has played some solid ball since being inserted into the starting lineup
skinsown28::just wait once we get kidd gilchrist or anthony davis its a wrap #realtalk #werenesty #nextthunder #stamp
pjreiter::In what century?  Please clarify.
skinsown28::Yeah im ugly as hell but your a bandwagoner
skinsown28::lol damn bro thats tough
ChiBulls8908::I am also a diehard Cubs fan so I have no sympathy for any team hahaha
skinsown28::so you know what us wiz fans are feeling huh?
ChiBulls8908::89. Grew up watching Jordan. Can't beat that. Stayed diehard through the Jordan less years also, when the team was pisspoor.
skinsown28::when were you born?
ChiBulls8908::Bandwagoner......I dont think so. Been diehard Bulls since I was born. Keep trolling tho buddy :-)
ChiBulls8908::Skinsown28 is the next great troll
lovesports3409::The Bulls will be the #1 seed. That's it.
skinsown28::hells yeah
pjreiter::...and will promptly lose in the 2nd round.
skinsown28::they blow in the playoffs
skinsown28::lol do you like the bulls?
lovesports3409::Absolutely. Put your money on them (Deng, Rose out).
skinsown28::doesnt matter theyll lose in the playoffs just like last year
lovesports3409::OK. I'll take your word for it.
acashmoney72588::i am going to laugh my @$$ off when the Bulls lose to the Heat and Pacers and Heat win out and grab the #1 seed! hahahaha
skinsown28::dude im gonna laugh too
lovesports3409::Good luck with that one.
acashmoney72588::BULLS ARE THE BEST TEAM IN THE NBA...DURING THE REGULAR SEASON
acashmoney72588::HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA LOST TO THE WIZARDS!!
acashmoney72588::its okay you guys will be regular season champs again...but won't make it to the finals.
acashmoney72588::Rose needs to start playing, he is going to be mad rusty come playoff time and w/ the possilbity of playing the Knicks first round, IDK if having a rusty Rose will be all that good.
ChiBulls8908::Not if Rose and Deng can't stay healthy we wont
ChiBulls8908::hahahaha. The wizards still suck monkey nuts
skinsown28::you lost to a tem that sucks monkey nuts? hahahahahahaha
lovesports3409::Everyone plays hard against the Bulls as they should (without their two top guys). So all the haters can kick rocks.
acashmoney72588::no one plays hard against the Bulls. Everyone plays hard against the Heat.
SouthFLAnative::bulls fans are little girls
ChiBulls8908::You mad?
skinsown28::lol at 01bulls4life hahahaha
Thunder90210::You know you did something wrong when you lose to the Wizards...
skinsown28::dont tell me what to do nig
skinsown28::i can do wat i want dont tell me what to do nig
skinsown28::no skip bayles is the worst analyst the the history of sports and sorry i didnt go look it up it showed it on espn so maybe you should write them a letter or something?
ChiBulls8908::No just learn to not believe everything ESPN, AKA The Most bias channel on TV, tells you
skinsown28::it was on espn? maybe you can complain to them
ChiBulls8908::Dude you are just a typical Rose hater. Go jerk off on the Miami board
BIGGDOGG2425::And the Bulls are 1 and 0 without D Rose vs. the Heat and 2 and 5 with D Rose vs. the Heat.
ChiBulls8908::No that just proves you are a typical clown who will listen to anything ESPN tells you. I bet you also think Skip Bayless is a great analyst.   Bulls are 30-7 with Rose and 16-8 without him.
skinsown28::they had it on espn about 3 days ago
ChiBulls8908::Well how about you check your stats again before you make yourself look like a clown
skinsown28::facts are facts man drose complains to much aanyway, i like that cj watson he should leave after this year he could start somewhere else
ChiBulls8908::Wow. What facts are you looking at that say we have a better win% without Rose in the lineup?
skinsown28::who cares? they have a better win pct without rose so theyre obviously still winning
Rick-Da-Villain::Lame
payler89::Bulls lost to the Nets without Rose and Hamilton
BIGGDOGG2425::But they lost!!!  And the Bulls beat the Heat without D Rose and R Hamilton.
skinsown28::the spurs are beating teams with there backups and are killing people them or the thunder are going to win it all
skinsown28::are you being serious?
BIGGDOGG2425::Dallas is the best team because they have the Title.
skinsown28::okay ? the so what your telling me is that the heat must be the best team in the league then right? cause the spurs are
BIGGDOGG2425::The Heat kick the Spurs A$$ without D Wade this year.
skinsown28::lol they have no bench you put in d wade he gets like 22 points they smack the hell out of them and btw you guys lost to the nets
ChiBulls8908::That wasn't the point. Point in a short chaotic season, any team can beat anyone. You can look all over the NBA and see teams are just tired
Rick-Da-Villain::Yeah i said the same thing when they beat the thunder earlier in the season
skinsown28::dwade didnt play lol
ChiBulls8908::The Bulls do not play better without Rose. Check your damn stats! Average about 5 more ppg with Rose in. I can keep going.  Bulls have a better bench then Miami, can out rebound Miami, and are the better team....IF rose and Deng can still healthy. And right now that is a big if
BIGGDOGG2425::I'm not talkling to you.
skinsown28::told you they have a better win pct  wwithout rose
BIGGDOGG2425::I know that your Bulls will not win a Title, if D Rose keep on thinking he have to do all of the scoring.  The Bulls and The Heat are in the same boat, The Bulls play better without D Rose and The Heat play better without D Wade.
skinsown28::i mean you know its true soooo? hahaha bulls fans
ChiBulls8908::Wow. Good comback dog ;-)
skinsown28::the bulls suck off rose
ChiBulls8908::That isn't the point you dumba$$. Are all Heat fans like you? You guys really do not know anything except how to suck off LeBron
BIGGDOGG2425::But the Heat didn't lose to Washington, they beat their A$$!!!!
ChiBulls8908::And the Heat also lost to the Bucks twice this year. My point is any team, even the bottom feeders, can beat any team this year
BIGGDOGG2425::The Heat are 12 and 1 without D Wade.
BIGGDOGG2425::The Heat beat the Nets this Year with D Will and it was a blow out, but the Bulls had lost to the Nets this year.
ChiBulls8908::So the Bosh and LeBron could barely handle a D Will less Nets team.
ChiBulls8908::Miami barely beat the Nets without D Will in
ChiBulls8908::Just stating a point.. Any team can beat or hang with any team in a season like this
BIGGDOGG2425::The Nets beat The Bulls this season, so what are you talking about????
miguel151551::how many wins needed to lock up the #1????
Robert156877::The Bulls need to beat Charlotte, Cleveland and either Miami, Dallas or Indianapolis.
miguel151551::so what 3 wins needed??
ChiBulls8908::Win tomorrow and it's 2.5 with 4 to play. Beat Miami and we get the 1 seed. That would be 3.5 with 3 to play
ChiBulls8908::We are only 2.5 up on Miami
ChiBulls8908::All the Bulls Insiders have stated Rose barely had a limp and was walking fine, yet he doesn't play again. I realize the playoffs are important and rest is key, but this team has to get in a rhythm before postseason begins. They have not looked good as of late and are committing too many turn overs.
JaylisJayP::Rose in and out again is getting to be a joke.  So was their loss last night.  With or without their 2 best players, they shouldn't have trouble beating the f-cking Wizards.
ChiBulls8908::that game still should have been a blowout. Embarrassing loss
