Lakers Are Forever::.26,13 and 6  And hawk  fans ok trade?  Hmmm..
moosiphoosus::Hey I state the facts uga...now tell Murray to either look alert in Columbia on Saturday nights or  to throw it in the end zone against Bamanext year.  I'm just saying make yourself worthy! SICK-EMMMMM
moosiphoosus::Yo Lopez had 28-8-2 last night over Hibbert and has an offer sheet waiting...think we still getting him? hahahahhaah hellzzzz no
ugadawgs414::You're someone who isnt worth debating with.....I mean, how can I ever rebut "hellzzzzz no"
moosiphoosus::Nets not giving up one of the best centers in the east for someone the Hawks and Hawks "FANS" are fed up with and want gone...it doesn't work like that.  Plus when they know he wants the max deal
ugadawgs414::Putting fans in quotes is a nice touch....
moosiphoosus::What do you think the 1st trade the Hawks administration asked for?  it wasn't Marshawn and Hump....It was Josh for Lopez! The Hawks want to move Al to PF
ugadawgs414::Ya, I'm aware...he isnt a true Center.  But the trade talks havnt completely fallen apart. And D Ferry isnt going to just ship him to ship him off.
moosiphoosus::YOU AINT GETTING LOPEZ and the other LOPEZ for that matter...FORGET IT
ugadawgs414::For a Hawks fan you sound pretty sure about the Net's valuation of Lopez......
ugadawgs414::If you can get something worth while....yes, trade him
ugadawgs414::Well, he is a FA after the season...so anyone with some staying power and good numbers is a worth while deal in my mind.   I would take a Brooks Lopez for Smith trade all day.
moosiphoosus::Like who and what...we will not get his worth
moosiphoosus::Helzzz no I am not....Don't trade Josh!
DirtBaGP::Garbage a$$ Mavs. Anyone else lose Bet 1?
HotdogSalesman2012::i liked this game but didn't bet. I can't believe they lost.  It's getting ugly for them.
argenis fradique::Dallas is brutal to watch. Home game against a hapless Hawks team with trade rumors all around them and they let them start game on 10-0 run. Way to be ready at tip off!!
Area Code 404 ATL::The Hawks are undefeated in games without Smith this year and quite honestly I think most of the team would rather that he left because the offense flows smoother. I doubt they are rattle by trade rumors.
braveandme::2013-2014 Hawks roster:  Teague Igguodala Smith Horford Howard  With guys like Lou Williams and Kyle Korver coming off the bench
gigolo555::That A.I. is overrated.
Area Code 404 ATL::that could work....but not with Larry Drew as the coach
moosiphoosus::I'm all for this but,  IT ain't happening
braveandme::I feel bad that Dallas has to deal with both OJ Mayo and Tony Romo.....one city can only handle so much late minute suckiness
C-Jammin::Josh just raised his value a bit.  Maybe we can get a little more for trading him.
moosiphoosus::Why trade him... if he continues these numbers would you consider right under the max?
Kobe 6-24 Game 7 Finals::Dallas players will look like the duck dynasty guys before they get to .500
sp6210::I was at the game. Josh smith was spectacular for the most part.
Area Code 404 ATL::ha...I didnt catch the end of the game, but saw the highlights on Sportscenter. It looks like Josh Smith TURNED THE BALL OVER with under 30 or 20 secs left in the game trying to be an ISO-Player, though he has no handles. He handed the game to the Mavs, but the Mavs CHOKED and turned the ball over themselves just seconds later to seal it for the Hawks. Josh choked, the Mavs just outchoked him.
braveandme::josh smith hit a go ahead 3, and 2 free throws to move a 1 point game into a 3 point lead. Both in the last minute. There are many games where Smith has played poorly down the stretch, this game, however, he played incredible
Area Code 404 ATL::by the way, Rookie Mike Scott's PER 36 minutes stats are 14.4 points 9.3 rebounds.  Ivan Johnson's PER 36 minutes stats are 15.8 points and 9.4 rebounds. These guys can produce if they are given big minutes at the PF position.
moosiphoosus::Thats why we need a center so when Al gets tired more Scott and Johnson...Josh is a 3
braveandme::Tolliver is the worst of the 3
Area Code 404 ATL::Josh Smith and Joe Johnson are notorious for looking like top 10 talents against average and below teams.....but the choke most of the time against the elite competition. Games like this by Josh Smith mean nothing.
moosiphoosus::404 you're a hater of our homeboy
braveandme::playing at dallas, who won the championship last year, isnt necessarily an easy game..
Greygoose crew::Mark Cuban is a moron
Supa Saiyan Chris::should i trim my leg hairs
sneaky smooth::There was a DUDE with no shirt chest painted and a sign that said "Dirk be my valentine" How gay is Dallas?  San Fran is jealous.
fballdt16::If you wanna gay Texas city, Austin is your place
fballdt16::Wow, I knew after last offseason it was gonna be rough, but damn!
RUserious-2::Cuban never expected this team to be good.  He's just fine as long as fans keep buying tickets and merchandise.  He doesn't care one bit about this team and it's been obvious since 2011.  He won his championship so it's on to something else.
oicurak9::Shark Tank
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::Good solid win for ATL, both Smith and Horford playing strong.. Any way Denver can get J. Smoove?
ash2nash::Gallo &amp; mozgov +1 rd. pick= Smith+ morrow
Beanslams46::We should make  mavs "Lottery Bracelets" for our player personnel.  --mark cuban
Mav8165::No way out !! little chance Btw we gonna pass through this $@%!
outspoken mavs fan::Mavs goin to look like cavemans
John5249::The Mavericks players really are going to look like Tom Hanks in cast away at the end of the season.
Beanslams46::But they act and play like "wilson".
bombteacher::Who is IGGY?
sneaky smooth::Andre iggudola (sp) plays 4 denver
sumodude28::This was Josh Smith's "I'm-good-so-get-me-out-of-here" game
Antiquity001::And season ticket holders jump ship......
James82931::Well our Mavs suck, but at least we're not the Lakers!  http://youtu.be/9UzNzNzWGy4
mason8181::Thank God you're not. Mav fans suck. They have horrible owner and horrible franchise. Who the hell wants that?
fballdt16::Lakers fans are worse than Yankees fans, thereby making them the worst in all of sports
BLOW IT UP DANNY AINGE... Pierce and KG to LAC.::<b>HEY MAVS AND HAWKS..... HOW'S IT FEEL KNOWING THAT CP3 WILL NEVER!!! PLAY FOR YOUR TEAM???? Y'ALL WERE SO DELUSIONAL.</b>
airicad::Teague is improving and good enough since CP3 won't come.. go after Tyreke/Iggy and Dwight.  I'm 95% sure Dwight leaves LA and Atlanta is one of his top destinations for sure
Mav8165::I am so $@%!$@ bored of the word "bad pass" shown by the scoreboard in this season
Nowitzki.::they should rename it "f..uc.kked up pass"
TradeJoshSmithNow::IF JOSH SMITH WOULD TAKE A LITTLE LESS MONEY, WE COULD SIGN DWIGHT AND IGGY IN THE OFFSEASON.
TradeJoshSmithNow::ive given up on cp3.  i think he stays with the clippers and teague is actually good anyways.
Justinkm83::Not going to happen.
TradeJoshSmithNow::PG TEAGUE SG IGGY SF SMITH PF HORFORD C DWIGHT
Lemuel7043::That would be 2nd to the Detroit Pistons best defensive team
airicad::That'd be insane.
KnickerBocker7681::Whatever the Nets offered for Josh Smith, they are going to have to double it.
whiteytheoldman1::If Josh would play hard the whole game he would be a consistent all star. IF.. IF...IF
UNTisPathetic::Mayo = Clown
Nowitzki.::mental midget should be the right definition for him
B_Rame::What was the line?
Nowitzki.::When you have old farts like Carter trying to play hero ball and former bench players mental midgets like Mayo trying to win games for you in the clutch, obviously you are not going to win too many games.
epitome1986::i think that mavericks championship got to carlisle's head. specially when people were beginning to consider him the best coach in the game today. so he thinks he can coach players like mayo into superstars. hence why he keeps leaving him in the game at the end. he is still a great coach, but not playing wright most games while allowing mayo to lose games for the mavericks just baffles me.
Nowitzki.::I feel you...I think playing a hard nosed defender like Dahntay to play alongside Marion could give us a better chance to close out games
epitome1986::our talent is enough for a .500 team- low seeded playoff team. if you look back at many of the ot games and close game lost, mayo has cost the mavericks between 7-10 of those games which would put the mavericks at 29-22 had mayo not been in the game for costly turnovers.
Nowitzki.::yeah..but to be fair, Carlisle doesnt have much to work with.Benching Mayo in crunch time is a tough decision to make for many reasons.
UNTisPathetic::No our talent just isnt very good
Justinkm83::Josh Smith was showing Cuban what he can do.
Alarma990::The Mavs championship was a fluke  - Tebow
Justinkm83::No it wasn't. We destroyed the best teams in the league.
Bored to be Boring::It's true. How is it a fluke when you beat the two-time defending champs, the best up-and-coming team in basketball, and the preseason favorite to win the championship?? Mavs had a completely different team. How can it be a fluke if they haven't had a solid roster since??
epitome1986::then mayo still wonders why no one wanted to give him a near max contract.
Lemuel7043::We know how you feel Mavs fans. We also get roller coaster of emotions from Josh Smith.
_Blue...::TAAAAANK!!! TAAAAAAAAAAANK!!!!!!!!
Justinkm83::We just cannot win the close games. There is a good reason why. Dirk took 1 shot in the last 4 minutes and it was a 3.
Nowitzki.::38 minutes played..1 assist for a SG...even Kobe can do better than that
Him Down Stairs::Here we go again with the I hate mayo $@%!.... lol
UNTisPathetic::Exactly there's a reason Memphis let him walk with no compensation.
Nowitzki.::yeah..your boy sucks
Nowitzki.::Dirk had 24..what game were you watching?
Him Down Stairs::I said Dirk should pass the torch to Mayo and Dirk had 17 points as a team that is not amazing...  Look im glad we lost this one... Mavs need to tank... They not playoff materials... ACCEPT IT
Nowitzki.::Wasnt you the clown writing here that Dirk should know his role and this is Mayo's team? Go find a hole to hide
Him Down Stairs::Not buying that one a difference of opinions...  I seen clutch  as well as rookie mayo...  Mayo does have learning to do... This season is just him learning... not like the mavs will make playoffs this year anyway... Next year he will be better
Nowitzki.::Cut the crap.Mayo should be a bench player on any good team.
Him Down Stairs::ok Imagine the Mavs without Mayo?  We dead last on the bottom of the west and east lol...  He had a good game till the 4th but no one really showed up in the 4th or mavs would of pulled away when we got the lead...  In the great words of TO...  "We lost as a Team"
Lemuel7043::CAW CAW! GG Mavs fans. Classy people
Abner7716::lets just watch 2011 mavs championship game to ease this frustration!
Dirk2XMVP::I do that all the time lol. That team was the definition of clutch
Nowitzki.::FML After watching JKidd's savvy decisions in the clutch and Dirk and Jet hitting shots these recent years, now I have to watch Mayo choke away games
Dirk2XMVP::Exactly. Mavs have always been a team known to be clutch when the 4th quarter is on. Mayo takes that away. I really hate it how he keeps costing us games with 5 min remaining with very dumb turnovers
expatBdwayne::Mayo is hot garbage. What a dumb.a.s.s player. I bet if he took an IQ test, the results would come back negative.
epitome1986::the mavericks should keep mayo, as long as his contract stipulates he cannot play in the last 5 minutes of games.
UNTisPathetic::Someone needs to but fuc.k Mayo and make him humble.
UNTisPathetic::They let him go cause he sucks
Justinkm83::False. They let him go because of money and not getting along with what's his name.
jhovis_99::oj mayos game is GAY
Badboyz2011::I thought RUDY'S was??
jhovis_99::How the $@%! is he on an NBA roster? Idk how much longer I can watch him go 2-10 in the 4th with 2 or 3 turnovers in the last minute! It's sickening!!!
Justinkm83::They let him go because they couldn't afford him and Gay. Now they can't afford Gay.
UNTisPathetic::Yea there was a reason Memphis let him go as a free agent.
airicad::The world is ending.  Josh Smith went 4 of 5 from 3 point land today.  Hopefully, this is a sign of good things to come!  I still hope that they keep him for a few more months at least.  The Hawks need him to help land a big free agent!
Mad31nD3troit::Chances Josh Smith goes to Dallas in the offseason?
Mad31nD3troit::Just wondering where he might go btw
ITSATRAPFTW::I hope not
Dirk2XMVP::more likely right now since the Mavs will not resign Mayo. I hate mayo
Dirk2XMVP::I'm done with Mayo. Please trade him. I hate players that suck in the clutch.
epitome1986::he makes kobe look like he is actually clutch.
Atl7523::Josh 26;HORFORD 21,Teague 20
