Nich Obert::Anyone who saw the Wizards last year knows that them having a better road record than home record this year is freaking nuts!
Aaron Cohen::This is definitely a huge improvement over last years team. This is the most excited I've been about a Wizards team since the '96 team of Webber, Howard, Strickland, etc. The Big 3 of Arenas, Jamison and Butler never even had me this excited. I hope this is a sign of good things to come for this franchise and us the fans.
Eric Young::To be honest... the Wiz are a much better team than .500  They have solid players from 1-5 and I'd expect more from them.
Adam Hillman::Wizards need to win these next two games because, they then go on a 4 game road stretch which includes Phoenix, the Clippers, and the Warriors. Unless they have a strong all around game like they had against the heat, it looks like three more losses.
Eric Jvon Thomas::We should win all those games, those teams are not that great
Adam Hillman::Eric Jvon Thomas I'm not sure we can guard Golden states Forwards and Guards. Clippers are a better team than the wizards, even without Chris Paul. We could beat Phoenix and we most likely will beat Utah.
Nick Mullinix::It's about time the Wizards start collecting some of that Vegas money that's usually reserved for the better teams in the league.  They did a great job allowing the back-door cover to make lots of $ for the city in the desert today.
Zach Batizy::lol could Vegas be anymore obvious with 76ers +10
Nick Mullinix::Zach Batizy 55% of bets were on Phil +10, so Vegas broke even with the vig... But, lots of people took the Wiz -2.5 in the 2nd half, which, along with the large number of people who bet Over 208, allowed the game to end up profitable for Vegas, despite the seemingly obvious line.
Nick Mullinix::Edited that... should've said "Over"  64% of public bet Over 208 on this game.
Randy Dixon::The wizards are complete garbage...how do you almost give up a 20 point 4th quarter lead to the Sixers? Today is exactly why nobody takes these scrubs serious if they would have played any other team they would have lost
Ashkan Cool Motamedi::yea all backups  in  so get out of here if your going talk trash win a win
Nick Mullinix::Randy Dixon... are you related to Juan and Phil?  Anyway, the other guy already made my point.  Porter, Singleton, Vesely,  Temple, and Seraphin all played significant minutes.  They need PT, and they were never in danger of losing the game.
Randy Dixon::Spoken like a true loser...happy you beat the Sixers by 8...my bad your team sucks didn't mean to rain on your parade loser
Larry Litmanen::How bad is Wizzards' GM, i mean Vesely and Porter are USELESS, these are 6th and 3rd overall picks in the draft.
Nick Mullinix::Porter is a rookie who didn't have preseason due to injury.  Vesely... yeah, he's not a #6, but he has shown flashes of huge potential.
Zach Batizy::Porter wasn't drafted for an immediate impact.
Jeeves Sritharan::the sixers are like a bad pacers...no face to the team and they're not winning games                                                                                                                                                       i'll take iverson @ 40
Theodore Gleaton::, The wizard  can't. Keep losing to these weak team  in  think to go to the playoff.
Austin Sanderson::Back in (tanking) business and ain't it grand!
Maurice T Httr Quarles Sr.::Largest lead was 21.... Can the Wiz close??
Nick Mullinix::It's a Vegas thing.  No worries... they won't lose, but they had to allow the Sixers to cover.
Zach Batizy::Seraphin dropping the hammer!
Jon Scott::What is with the scoring freeze out?
Maurice T Httr Quarles Sr.::Can the Wiz close?????
Adam Hillman::yes
Piotr Zarychta::Really nice play by Gortat tonight, solid on the boards and blocks http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PMN3QgRuDCg
