General Love::The magics have actually won at least 10 of the past 12 games, give or take a few.  Those games could have gone either way.  Its just luck of the drew; they were close enough. I'm not happy with the way they played against the Wizard; but, I'm proud of the fight, hustle and gritty performances.  Wait till we get our firs round picks, you'll see..... Truth be told, This young team is not used to this type of  heavy work load. They will take 2 years to jell.  Its safe to say they were tired and when Glen came back; the tired team let their guard down.  It all resulted in easy baskets for the enemy. Once they get home and rest, they should get things rolling again.  If Al Harrington and Mr.4th Quarter can manage their way into the line up.  The east as we know it is in big trouble!!!!!!
timetodienow1234567::You know you're screwed when Daquan Jones plays more than JJ.
HoldOnMyHeart::Been following this online betting system called SportsBettingStar.  Ive made over 3K per month for 3 straight months since I found this betting system.
Crooklynism::just came in to see how many comments hit the board.  About 798 more than expected
Gaybron Gaymes::hahaahahahhahaahah
Gaybron Gaymes::hot garbage
Gaybron Gaymes::wall sucks
Nicholas Obert::Has to be mentioned: Wall was +1, AJ Price was +28  This was more about bolstered confidence from Wall being back, and emphasizing transition in practice since Walls returned.  This team has been close late  in so many games despite terrible shooting. It's a testament to their defense that they've been ahead or within 3 points in the 4th quarters of 20 games despite insanely bad shooting percentages. Now they're looking like a team that knows how to mitigate that instead of playing into teams hands. Great to see Seraphin and Vesely looking like they started to last year again.
PartTimeHomer::That period where Wall was playing with super gimpy Nene and ... Ariza at the end of the first half (13-0 run) helps that . Also the fact that once the game was in hand, Price was out against the scrubs because there was no need to push Wall's knee or conditioning any harder than necessary.  This is why I hate +/-.
vanauker::What bunch of clowns dressed up in Magic uniforms to lose to the Wizards by 29?
Magic are better than you::Eh..  Every team has bad games.  No biggie.  Not like a W against the wizards would have meant anything...
Shay Jacuzzi::Wizards are more talented than the magic in every position.
PartTimeHomer::Temple needs to be a part of this team going into the future. Everything about his game just looks right for what this team wants to do. Temple, Beal, Price and Wall aren't looking too bad right now.  Singleton, Booker and Crawford (and either Jan or Seraphin, but not both .. preferably Jan) seem somewhat expendable for the right return.
Nicholas Obert::They're all on rookie deals, and Crawfords the only one with more value than he had last year.  I'm preaching patience. I don't think the Wiz win close to 40% of the rest of their games, and who are they really adding that helps them win the 70% that would get them into the playoffs? Even if they go 30-17, they're missing the playoffs. Zero point in mortgaging the farm to fall well short of that. Glad to see them clicking without their best player (Nene, by a mile), their 2nd best player (Wall, who was +1 tonight) and Craw, their 3rd best. This was all the Wiz Kids, Okafor and Ariza doing work, firing on all cylinders.  This is an evaluation season now. Lets evaluate, then go into next year with another high pick added and $21 million in Ariza and Okafor expiring deals. Much better opportunity to make a del that SIGNIFICANTLY helps this team then.
PartTimeHomer::I didn't say anything about doing anything right now or just for peanuts. I just mentioned guys that I felt were expendable if the right deal came along.  Relax.
Poor Oregon::Bradley Beal is looking like the 2nd best rookie in his class.
Broncos 2013 Playoff Choke::Wizards scoring 37 in a quarter...lol
Chex Lemeneux 9::How is it possible that Fat John Wall is playing better than Fit John Wall?
Nicholas Obert::He has to have more of a plan in his head when driving, not just expecting to beat everyone to every spot.  And he was on the bench for 28 points of a 29 point win..  This team feels like a load is off of them now that the guy they were supposedly built to compliment is back. I say supposedly because they're a woeful 3pt shooting team surrounding a PG with a jumper that makes Rondo look like Ray Allen.  God I'm so happy to see these guys starting to do what they do best
PartTimeHomer::God, using +/- as definitive analysis is an awful habit. He wasn't "on the bench" for 28 points of a 29 point win. It doesn't work that way.
Poor Oregon::Better supporting cast.
PartTimeHomer::Not sure how you came to that conclusion. Also, John Wall being fat isn't the same as most other people being fat.
PartTimeHomer::Everything looks efficient when you're only playing 20 minutes a game and I didn't say he wasn't over his playing weight, just that him being over his playing weight isn't the same as .. say ... Baron Davis.
Chex Lemeneux 9::More efficient play ... and yes, he's very fat by basketball standards at the moment.
dante2900::wall making ish smith fall http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dTZA0dzv3FM
trizzo23::he carried ball....also were is shot of ish jumping over wall then turns and still blocks his shot! sport center top 10
jefarr::14k+ fans in attendance.  Pretty respectable considering their record.
trizzo23::no way!! must have been 9000 no shows...there was no more than 5000 at game...half lower level empty all game and upper level had like 3 people per sec....see you did not watch
PartTimeHomer::ESPN top plays, two plays by the Magic including that lame one on the John Wall turnover and not the Wall crossover and assist? Really?
dante2900::yeah i just saw that. when a team is as bad as the wizards have been, go on a three game winning streak, win by 29 points, and have a nice array of alley oops, crossovers, and other highlights you'd think it wouldn't be ignored so easily. ish smith got crossed over and fell but they show him in a play that actually resulted in a foul as a his highlight.
dante2900::i went to this game. had a lot of fun. everyone went crazy when john wall did the cross over on ish smith and made him fall.
Infamous T-Rex::hilarious how the wiz can get their crap together, but lakers cant.
GeorgeTownDC29::We coming for you Kings Wednesday night. I predict a Wizards blowout
Marty3531::The Wizards have won 3 straight, but lets see what they do on the West cost trip coming up.
mugupo::lol and 90% people bet Magic win in the streak.
MagicBoltzRays::not many people picked that match anyway
PhillyPhanInSoCal::Wow, the Wiz put the smack down on Orlando!
torrtis::Magic should go on another 10 loss run.
connorj122::we're going to the ship! we're going to the ship!   well, maybe not, but at least it looks like next season might not be $@%!..
MagicBoltzRays::at least we didn't have the most embarrassing loss of the night. thanks Atlanta.
iwillmakemycommentdisappear::Wiz 52-28 BOOK IT
The_Fightin_Showalters::theres 82 games in a season bud
Sam58548::The Orlando GM has to be the biggest joke in the NBA
Nicholas Obert::They didn't want to take on long term cash. They could have got some players that helped this year and drafted 10-12th instead of 3rd-5th, but they're trying to do an actual rebuild from scratch once their vets are gone.  Wait they have Jameer AND Harrington AND Big Baby through 2015?  Yea.. Maybe worse than Ernie Grunfeld if he couldn't dump any of those for the right to take Howard. We woulda given u Beal, a 2015 first, Seraphin, Rashard Lewis' expiring and Crawford for the chance to sell him on DC.
Pepiope::What is Nene doing with his -3? lol
Nicholas Obert::Yea he and Crawford (and Martell Webster) have kept this team competitive in so many games when everyone else was flat. I'm glad they got to watch and enjoy guys like Jan and Seraphin and Temple and Ariza go out and succeed and play their games
PartTimeHomer::Playing on an injury that's probably getting worse every game he plays? Dude has heart and his diminished numbers speak nothing of what he provides when he's on the court.
itmustbebobby80::Don't sleep on the Wiz!
Alias2425::Hey, looking good - maybe post-season 2013? Playoffs, are we talking about playoffs?
LilVdog88::I hope the Wiz do find a way to get RudyGay or Demarcus Cousins it would definitley be an upgrade but I dont want to give the farm for either
Nicholas Obert::I'm iffy on both.  It'd take Beal or a top pick for Gay. Probably both for Cousins.  I'm not interested. Okafor,Ariza,  Crawford for Gay? Sure.. Maybe.
GuthrieMowsYaDown::So if we win on Wednesday, we'd win as many games in a week as we had all season. Yup, sounds like Wizards basketball to me.
SidGotsSWAG10::THE WIZARDS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! OH MY GOSH!!!
ChiGuy1002::I think Wash needs to trade Jordan Crawford. Team always seems to play better without him. He's a great scorer, but the Wiz just sit around and watch when he isolates.
Marty3531::I agree that they need to trade him. I have noticed too that they play better when he is on the bench. They play more like a team when he is not on the court.
1337atul::i'm a wizards fan... "great scorer?"
ChiGuy1002::He dunked on LeBron during  B-Ball camp. Yes, a great scorer!
1337atul::umm
ChiGuy1002::Goodness, Washington!
SidGotsSWAG10::IKR
SidGotsSWAG10::WHAT THE CRAP HAPPEND THERE NOT THE AS GOOD WITHOUT DWIGHT HOWARD ANYMORE THEY NEED HOWARD BACK THIS JUST REALLY SAD:(:(:(:(:(:(:(:( THIS IS REALLY NOT FUNNY FOR MAGIC
bhlraven1619::How Wall look???
bhlraven1619::Good win Wizards!! Disappointing season, but that injury bug is no joke...
bhlraven1619::Wouldn't want Howard!! He's to immature and just not a leader!!!
LilVdog88::Glad Vesely showed up, hope its not just a flash in a pan effect
d butler16::Now just imagine how good this team would probably be if Wall was ready when the season began
dwighthowardsamazing::And vesely played like the 6th pick in the draft
dwighthowardsamazing::Wall back vesly playing like the 6th pick in the draft wow that's amazing
bhlraven1619::Does Wall look like he lost a step???
PartTimeHomer::dwighthowardsamazing - Yes but I think he will get it back when his knee is completely healthy  And when he loses the injury weight.
dwighthowardsamazing::Yes but I think he will get it back when his knee is completely healthy
itsnottagame::I like to see the Wiz do good because they are the home team but shame on these fools for not playing hard until John Wall comes back...they act like they have a totally diff attitude now. It shouldnt take Wall coming back for these fools to play hard....their record should be similiar to a Philly or Indiana...they have about equal talent as those teams
Marty3531::They have played hard, but they have lost too many close games.  They have lost 11 or 12 games by 7 or fewer points.
PartTimeHomer::I think you're wrong about them not playing hard.
mrpepper239::can anyone tell me why nene's production was so low tonight?
mrpepper239::ahhh... I'm counting on him for my fantasy team
DCHoya76::knee issues still. they don't want to rg3 him.
ZKnicks4life::I pick the Wiz to finish 7-9 in the east, before the season started.  Y'all have some talent, when healthy!!
MagicBoltzRays::who is available in the 2014 FA class?
John51061::LeBron James, Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh.
bosoxrick::jan vesely is finally playing with some confidence! the whole season he looked scared every time he touched the ball, now he's jawing with fans after assists! what a turnaround for the wiz great game all around
yanksonfire27::same thing with vucevic for Orlando.
yanksonfire27::wiz fans I am being totally serios right now when I ask this...would you give up 3 or 4 of your young and bright stars for Dwight Howard ? be interesting to see your answers.
DCHoya76::nope
Redskinhater143::No wall, beal and maybe Seraphin. Anybody else yeah.
ZempireFireNova::Wall/Beal/Crawford for a Center who seems to be maxed out on his career? No thank you. Don't get me wrong, Dwight is still a solid/dominant player but I wouldn't trade away the entire team's future for him.
rondo9tiger::No, young talent is more important when rebuilding franchises, look at OKC - most of their star players are 24 and under.  I feel the wizards can get the same thing going with them, develop there young players around a player such as wall.  This would allow them to have multiple good players at a price much lower than what the lakers are doing.
bosoxrick::you can have jordan crawford, everyone else no
bosoxrick::wiz have had more than their fair share of knuckleheads and distractions.  finally it looks like we have a team free of those guys and we're starting to turn it around
yanksonfire27::very wise decision. howard really brought his stock down the last year and a half or so.
RAYs-Bloody-Suit::Tom F'N Brady
ZempireFireNova::Wrong place bud
Blake Wiffin 32::stopped in just to say i told this board so this morning, washington washed the floor with you
ksmit111::Tonight might have been the first night where i saw the entire wizards team enjoying playing all season.. too bad it had to come so late
