bruins1109::first Adelman and now McHale are just being bone-headed with this lineup. Chase Budinger does not belong on the court over Terrence Williams, nor does Chandler Parsons(a rookie).  Not that Mchale or the rockets will ever find out because Williams logged a whole 5 minutes last night...Trade Budinger and a 2nd round pick or somthing for Rondo too.
packfan21mt_Yanks_Jazz::Rondo is on the block.... Jazz get him or no??
jakec213::they better freakin get him
TyrekeTheKing13::jazz destroyed!!!!!!!
supe540::If the Jazz could play all 66 at home they'd be unbeatable.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::we have lost 6 times at home... But we would be a playoff team for sure
sspuler063::Kevin Martin better find his shooting or coach needs to bench him like he did earlier this season.
rj10328::Rockets with a chance to make a big impact in the standings, dallas and sa lost tonight so Rockets end up with a big break and remain 2nd
knottfrank::rockets always start off soooo well!!!!! then they just suck crap after the first quarter. find some rhythm!!!
todogg15::lin was going to be traded to the raptors day before nets game then knicks decided to give him one last chance. more details here: http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
MagicianJohnson::Anyone notice how good the D was? Millsap out, coincidence? I think not
rbmw263::I really hope KOC is talking to GS about Steph Curry
MagicianJohnson::They wouldn't give him up for Paul so i duobt we have anything they want. Unless we give them both 1sts, Favors and Burks
MagicianJohnson::I made it up, but they value him really highly.  The Paul bit was true through. Im not saying it is what we should do, but it would take more thn he is worth to get him
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::seriously, i'd make that deal for maybe lebron james. do you realize that's prolly four lottery picks when all is said and done? what a gm you'd make
rbmw263::Really?  I guess they value him more than i thought.....thats ridiculous
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::The Warriors have said they won't trade Steph Curry...Ellis is on the trade bubble though
scow79::I did read they were exploring trades for Curry as well
MagicianJohnson::Ellis is always available but never ends up going anywhere.
rbmw263::really? i read today they would trade Curry over Ellis. though these are just rumors...
rbmw263::I just feel like he would really flourish without Ellis.  If he were the primary facilitator
adam_keefe_fan_forever::Curry = CJ Miles with more consistency?
scow79::His ankles worry me.   What would you give up for him?
scow79::I'd make that trade in a heartbeat
rbmw263::Al, and a second rounder if necessary.  Looking at his game log doesnt seem like he misses a TON of games. but a stretch of 6 or 7 both this year and last year.
utahraiderfan::WTF happened to Harris? Is he sick or did he get traded and we haven't heard about it yet
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Harris has been balling...the Jazz aren't going to win the championship this year...It would be dumb to trade Harris because he IS better than Watson. Also if we want to trade him we need him to have a good last half of the season to help his trade stock...but I want the Jazz to keep him. Again he is way better than Watson. Watson is a horrid shooter.
Utah_Dirtbiker::Nobody thinks Watson is a better player, we do think he is a better passer most the time though. Also, if Harris is traded then the Jazz would get a new starting point in part of that trade, or they would have one by next season so it's no big deal.
utahraiderfan::Yea i heard but just hoping for the latter
scow79::They said he was sick
adam_keefe_fan_forever::HOLY $@%! I JUST REALIZED THE JAZZ MADE ALL THEIR FREE THROWS!  *prepares for the rapture*
adam_keefe_fan_forever::Little Caesars has powers, man.
scow79::Powers to motivate!
utahraiderfan::ok fine... true best cure for a hangover
scow79::I wonder if Corbin promised them a pizza party if they could do it
utahraiderfan::fine... you made me laugh i'll let it go
scow79::They get those whether they suck or not.   However, pizza parties are very underrated!
utahraiderfan::Pizza party??? how about there paychecks
MagicianJohnson::They should be looking o see if any Contenders want Howard. He could fill some holes in a roster, may be able to get a late 1st or 2d round pick out of him
scow79::I'm actually not too sure about Rondo.   From what I read today, he's very emotional, which is the big reason that the Celtics are willing to move him
Utah_Dirtbiker::I agree, Rondo seems overrated sometimes. If the Jazz are interested in him, they won't be willing to give away a lot for him.
adam_keefe_fan_forever::CJ Miles' greatest asset is that he can put together games like this fairly often.  CJ Miles' greatest weakness is that he knows it.
adam_keefe_fan_forever::His greatest weakness usually leads to him to a horrible shot selection. When he makes good decisions, he is pretty amazing.
MagicianJohnson::The best thing about him tonight was his shot selection
pg801::It would be nice if he and hayward could figure out their inconsistency issues or at least have them alternate when which one will play well and when the other will suck.
scow79::Jefferson, Harris and the G.S. pick for Rondo and Allen.    Would you guys do it?
Utah_Dirtbiker::Take out the GS pick and I'd do it.  Allen would be with the Jazz for a short time so it would be Al and Harris for Rondo basically.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::YES YES YES you absolutely make that trade. Are you guys kidding when you say no??? Rondo is an elite point guard who is improving his shot.
pg801::If the jazz can find shooters why didn't they have them in between Jeff Hornacek and Kyle Korver and Kyle Korver to now. Jazz shoot a combined 39% from their jump shots and have done so for years. I'm not just talking about 3 pointers I'm talking anything out side of the paint.
pg801::yeah rondo just what we need another guard that can't shoot
scow79::He's shooting 47% from the field, so no worse then Harris there.   He's only shooting 25% from three.   The Jazz can find a shooter.   They can't find a PG as easily who can see the floor like Rondo can.
rbmw263::EXACTLY what we need a guard that can pass
utahraiderfan::I like my young team. I am not willing to take two players that don't that long left.
rbmw263::Rondo has quite a bit left
adam_keefe_fan_forever::I don't know. Allen is good for what, a few more months?
scow79::Because that 38 year old is hitting 48% from three
rbmw263::i believe i speak for the entire fan base when i say, yes.
rbmw263::I was way off
rbmw263::op maybe not..
MagicianJohnson::Why would you want a 36 year old who is a free agent that will go to a contendor next year? Make it Millsap and maybe
adam_keefe_fan_forever::Good job Jazz. It took a while, but you shook off that malaise and played hard. Playing hard = more wins. Didn't 98 years of Sloan teach you anything?
somaliangangsterpuff::GOD WE SUCK on the road!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
kunkelm4::have you watched the jazz on the road?
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::cj burks and harris for rondo
kunkelm4::not rondo. Cant shoot and hes a hot head.
adam_keefe_fan_forever::1 and 3 yes. 2 no no no no no.
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::that's what'd take at the least, we'd prolly have to throw in a first rounder also
StocktonToMalone 2::Well good game! Big game on Friday. It was nice talking to myself. lol Peace
pg801::or a male rear end
somaliangangsterpuff::smells of jello
adam_keefe_fan_forever::It only smells of miracle whip, and you know it.
clint_from_aus::what about my smelly cokkkkk
adam_keefe_fan_forever::So there's CJ, doing what CJ sometimes does sometimes.
StocktonToMalone 2::Oh no not the confetti
Trevor Wheelwright::i don't see a problem with celebrating every win at home..
adam_keefe_fan_forever::JAZZ WIN THE CHAMPIONSHIP!
adam_keefe_fan_forever::Yeah. It's been that kind of season for us. Plus the confetti thing is just kinda funny in an overkill way.
somaliangangsterpuff::o wait they just beat a crappy road team.
clint_from_aus::my cok fukn reeeks
somaliangangsterpuff::u should shower
clint_from_aus::nevvvvverrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!
vrxajzp1::Mark my words the Jazz will win tonight
clint_from_aus::marked
miked_1::houston always #$@! me always, i pick them to win they lose , i picked them to lose they win, $#@!
miked_1::can i just say i hate houston?
kunkelm4::awesome
StocktonToMalone 2::Cool story.
MagicianJohnson::Millsap is out and Kanter only has 10 minutes. Really Corbin?
StocktonToMalone 2::I can't belive I'm going to say this but...... um......... well........ Good game Harris.
van.muhle::hopefully he plays really well before we trade him
Greasingit187::yeah rick adelman sure was the problem huh
Greasingit187::utah on a b2b and you play like this???
etaUpike07::rockets on a b2b too
Greasingit187::WORST
HTownRprsntr::The Rockets are currently the 4th seed in the conference and have played the 9th toughest schedule in the league....every team has their bad nights.
Greasingit187::dragic is an idiot too
MagicianJohnson::What are the chances CJ is 2-9 in his next game lol?
scow79::Ladies and gentlemen, I give you your slam dunk champion
Greasingit187::tech foul for that monkey
Greasingit187::$@%!$@ nigg ers are so god dam n dumb
etaUpike07::and they were wondering on sports radio this morning why no one watches the rockets
Greasingit187::when will they learn lowry is nothing more then a ni gger
StocktonToMalone 2::We'll take him. haha
Greasingit187::worst team in the league goodnight
StocktonToMalone 2::Nice move Burks!!!
MagicianJohnson::This game will get CJ another contract next year
Greasingit187::lowry is the worst
Greasingit187::PRAYING FOR A RUN
somaliangangsterpuff::Do we really suck this much on the road?!?I know Utah's pretty good at home,but...........still
rjerden70::If Houston doesn't make a 180 degree turnaround with their rebounding they are going to start losing a lot more games.
Greasingit187::DONT LOOK NOW
StocktonToMalone 2::And the run begins...
scow79::Jazz did give up an 18 point lead in the 4th to Minnesota, so I wouldn't say game over yet Rockets fans
StocktonToMalone 2::True
Greasingit187::need a houston run very bad
StocktonToMalone 2::Now they need to man up and play basketball on the road.
