RoPete72::kyrie does this night in and night out.  What he did during all star weekend was really nothing compared to what he does in games on a consistent basis.  The rest of the league is just starting to recongize... this dude is special.  He has ABSOLUTELY NO flaws in his offensive game plus he has the "killer" instinct for the 4th quarter.  You have to watch him nightly to really know.  This is a player that a team can be built around.
Rickster7218::Nice game Dion....no turnovers...Dion needs to go to the rack more, also needs to shoot more as well...Good win for the Cavs...
jeff050578::I am not a Cavs fan but even I am excited about Irving and his future. He could be a top 3 pg when it is all said and done. His skill set and intangibles are that good. Nothing is 100% but Irving is as close to a sure thing as i can remember since Lebron.
33ikh::We can't finish games
bthomas101::I am a Cavs fan and I have to wonder... if Kyrie is so good, why are the Cavs so bad?
1mproperDancing::Relax, man.  He's in his second year.  You didn't see Kevin Durant leading his team to the playoffs in year two either.
8180MAURICE::AND THE SCARY PART IS THAT HE IS ONLY 20 YRS OLD.  THE FUTURE LOOKS BRIGHT FOR HIM.
randumo24::I would like to point out that, in the battle of the past 2 number 1 draft picks, Kyrie had more rebounds than Davis.
1mproperDancing::Davis played well on defense, but he got eaten alive by Thompson on the offensive end.  He couldn't do anything against Thompson.
YourMotherAndI::lil isaiah thomas.  good luck to you mr irving in your continued success.
ALLforthelulz::kyrie is the KD of guards. Already so polished at that age? what the hell is he going to turn into 5 years from now? I remember saying that about KD in 2008. now look
MNkittenmittens::that kyrie irving is beastly.
The Real John Madden::Glad to see dion shooting good again, he'll go far :D
convolutedthought::kyrie, waiters, shabaaz, TT, and zeller
YaImFromCleveland::kyrie, waiters, james, TT, and zeller  Cavs are keeping that spot open, that's for sure
convolutedthought::cavs will get Shabaaz in the draft...then you guys will be pretty darn good
sugarglyder::I know of a certain SF who could be available in 2014, but if he doesn't opt out then that's not happening.
sugarglyder::I was hoping to draft Noel earlier this season, but to get the top pick the Cavs would need Thompson and Waiters to return to their previous levels, which wouldn't be worth it.
convolutedthought::you guys need a legit Center or a good SF
sugarglyder::What's interesting is they already have a solid core of Irving, Thompson, Waiters, and Zeller, yet still have 6 first round picks coming to them over the next 3 drafts.  They're also shopping Speights in hopes of getting one more.
convolutedthought::well i enjoy watching kyrie play, I was skeptical about him when he was drafted 1 overall but he's awesome...i liked TT but waiters was another surprise...but your team is gelling well maybe another OKC type...
sugarglyder::Don't see it happening.  The Cavs young core is getting too good too fast.  Thompson and now Waiters have already begun to turn the corner.  They'll finish out the season much better than they started.
convolutedthought::you guys should get a top 5 pick...i dont think anyone else will go for shabaaz, in mock drafts he is going 5th....
sugarglyder::Will be hard to pull off with the 8th-10th worst record.
YogaBeer::Why?    Kyrie Irving was picked with the 8th worst record.
Hank10593::Calling a Kyrie Irving a super star is like crowning Lebron James a King without a ring. Kyrie hasn't done anything yet as a leader of his team, and the Cavs fans are already full of themselves. Kyrie ain't a super star and that's the truth, because he hasn't done anything yet as a 2nd year guard. I guess nowadays everybody is a hater when you speak the truth. KD was not a super star until he helped his team to have the best record in the league and took his team to the finals. Same thing applies to Kyrie, he is not a super star. I believe he will be someday, but not til he gives people results. The people who really need to shut up are those who simply lack the ability to comprehend people's words, aka some of the Cavs fans here.
Wags4555::The kid is only 20 years old and is hands down the second best point guard in the league right now behind Chris Paul......so yeah i'd say he is a super star. You can't stop him from getting to the rim, and he makes rediculous shots with defenders drapped all over him. Did you even watch all-star weekend? Bc he completely stole the show.....won the 3 point comp and made Brandon Knight look like a fool (Even though he can make any defender look like a fool). Kyrie Irving is the real deal.
sodapop pimpski3::HATERS
convolutedthought::Kyrie is a superstar....hes only been in the league two years and is already in the all star game, won the 3 point shootout against Steph curry (shocked me), and is the clutchest player in the 4th since Kobe
agent_three_oh::And he just played his 83rd game... Unless you are fortunate enough to watch him every night, you don't understand that these highlight reels occur on a game by game basis.  If he's not a superstar point me in the direction of the new definition.
hvs1717::You are right. Kyrie is a great talent and one of the better guards in the league already but he is not a superstar yet. You can't really blame Cleveland fans for getting ahead of themselves a little. Since LeBron left they haven't had much to get excited about.
randumo24::Magic Johnson &amp; Jalen Rose seem to think Kyrie has become a superstar. But hey, I guess you know better than they do huh -_-
HunterF4444::Hearing reports of a Luke Walton Kevin Durant blockbuster
steve mctowelie::and then when lebron comes back he will never have to take the last shot again.
YogaBeer::If Grant could pull this one off, I'll be getting out of my wheel chair and doing a Cavalier Girl cartwheel.   :)
steve mctowelie::luke and omri for kd and a first rounder i hope
JohnsonnnL::I think Zeller will be alright he just needs the off season to bulk up, and work on his game.
YogaBeer::I think he's hit the rookie wall.   His jump shot was MUCH better in Dec and Jan.   Right now he can't hit an open 8 footer to save his life.  Then he was hitting those 15 footer pick n pop shots with ease.
thebuckeyeryguy::Looks like the NY Knicks and NY Mets are once again interchangeable.
Nargash35::I am glad to see Knicks fans suffer. They acted like they won the chip in November..!!
thebuckeyeryguy::New Jersey got shafted by a color-blind rapper with a clip-art disc.
YogaBeer::the always do.    And when we Cav fans were really down after July 2010, most of the New Jersey fans were behind us, so I'm lending most of them my support.
YogaBeer::I kinda like what Brooklyn has done.    Although DWill is way overrated.    In the long run, they'll be the better team.
Booty.Loaf::I want ot see josh Selby. what the hell is there to lose by calling him up. also, why the fudge hasn't jajuan Johnson been sign by us yet. he has been with the charge is is better than every big except TT
YogaBeer::I'd also like to point out the #1 pick in this draft, Davis.    He didn't have a bucket until late in the 4th Q.    He was a big Zero tonight.   Does Zeller get credit or did just one suck more than the other?
YogaBeer::Well that makes more sense.   Lopez did make Zeller cry a few times tonight.
Nargash35::TT was guarding him...!!
YogaBeer::IMHO Zeller got his chance when Andy went down.    Since, he's made huge strides.   In the last two weeks, he's put in two ROY type perfomances and the other ones he's sucked so bad Hoover would be jealous.    So typical of a Rookie Big.  So I'm going out on a limb by saying the organization has made the decision to play Zeller to get experience.    With Big Z working with him, I'm sure we'll see an improved Zeller next season even if they don't draft his brother.
quickbr0wnf0x::Agree, Yoga.   The Cavs aren't headed to the playoffs this year, so they have nothing to lose by letting Zeller get some more experience.   It will (hopefully) pay off in the seasons to come.
YogaBeer::I would.   But it all depends on trades, FA, what position we all fall in after the ping pong balls drop.   If the Cavs go out and get say a Josh Smith, Greg Oden and a Dwight Howard, we wouldn't need to draft a C.
Nargash35::Still, I wouldn't draft Cody if we got top 10 picks. Oladipo or Shabazz..!!
YogaBeer::In college he was.   I watched Tyler several times (he played 4).    I remember it wasn't until the 2nd half of the game with Ohio's Bobcats that he even was a factor and OHio didn't have anyone over 6'10".  *come to think of it, I don't think Ohio had anyone over 6'8"
Nargash35::Cody isn't better than Tyler..!!
Nargash35::Tanking the season I suppose. There is no reason for Zeller to start over Speights..!!
Nargash35::Yea because he is so great offensively and a force on D...!!
Booty.Loaf::man you just love hating on tyler don't you
Uncle_Gct2::If we got a first rounder for Speights Chris Grant should be GM of the year lol
steve mctowelie::getting what he got for leuer should get him the award
Nargash35::Keep Speights..!!
thebuckeyeryguy::So then, are the Cavs not even going to try to trade Varejao before the deadline?
thebuckeyeryguy::It was probably a terrible idea for them to wait this long.  He may be completely out of basketball in a few more years.
YogaBeer::hind sight is golden, but I'm thinking the Cavaliers, as bad as they were in December and early January, would've been a lot worse w/o Andy.     Grant made a great trade with Jon Lauer.     He'll have something up his sleeve with Andy.   don't panic youngblood.
YogaBeer::Oh geesch!   I forgot about the Wild Thing.  If Grant can trade Jon Lauer and a card trick for what he got, then yes, he could trade a currently hurt PF.
Nargash35::I don't think they can with his injury..!!
Nargash35::Thats what I meant. I didn't mean they can't by per league rules.!!
Booty.Loaf::espn headline says rondo can be dealt, so I assume andy can too. but nobody is trading for an out for season 30 year old
Nargash35::I hope I can see Cavs D like the Pacers one day..!!
steve mctowelie::bring in fratello to coach the d
YogaBeer::I'd be jiggy with that.   What he did with the Cavs in the 90s was incredible to say the least.   BUT only as a D coach.   I like what I see coming from B Scott and the development with Waiters and Irving.
YogaBeer::Starting two rookies, two sophomores and a 3rd year guy we dug up from the D League (although a very good player booty... don't go all nuts on me here.)    We'll get better.
JohnsonnnL::Yeah we just have too many inexperienced players at this point. I remember OKC was one of the worst defensive teams a few years ago as well.
Booty.Loaf::not with kyrie on the court.
YogaBeer::I agree.   His D is horrible.   All I'm saying is he'll get better.   This year has been all about letting him control the O in his development.   now that he's clearly at the top of the pecking order, it's time for him to work on that D.   somehow, I think B Scott will get er done in this department as well.  Also... when you racking up points at the rate Kyrie does, it takes a TON of energy.   Very difficult for even the proven all star to make it work consistently on both ends of the court.  I'd also like to point out tonight was a huge improvement.
Booty.Loaf::oh no no. kyrie would make me look like an nba caliber guard. I cringe watching other teams points walk into the paint on kyrie
YogaBeer::You're not watching Zeller then.
Booty.Loaf::I don't think any body to step on a basketball court was ever as worthless on defense as kyrie
YogaBeer::LeBron James (spits out the bile coming up) was horrible on D at that point in his career as well.   He'll come around.
Nargash35::George Hill isn't like the best defender in the world. Kyrie can improve his D...!!
steve mctowelie::i like the indy ny score
steve mctowelie::better keep an eye on amare he might hit something made of glass again
thebuckeyeryguy::Without Jeremy Lin, New Yawk is "Lin-ferior", "Lin-potent" and their fans suffer from "Lin-digestion."
YogaBeer::Holy Cow!
Nargash35::NY are who we thought they were..!!
JohnsonnnL::All the best pgs have alter egos Uncles Drew, Cliff Paul, Derrick Rose will get one when he gets back.
YogaBeer::How about "Jack Beanstalk" for Zeller?   He just stands around growing.
Booty.Loaf::cliff paul is chris pauls brother.. and uncle drew just kinda talks like kyrie
YogaBeer::How about Cousin LeRoy for Dion Waiters?     He could go on a barnstormer with Uncle Drew showing the young bloods how it's done.
TWW0108::I would LOVE that!!  LOL
Nargash35::James Harden my godness. Thunder are done. Spurs or Clippers to the finals..!
Uncle_Gct2::Lol I guess that Rich Paul and his company have been lobbying for James to come back. Maybe the rumors are true
Booty.Loaf::id love to get LeBron to trade him to some shi.t organization like Minnesota or sacramento
YogaBeer::I just peed my depends a little with this one.   I could then die a happy fan.
Nargash35::Hopefully he won't come back..!!
steve mctowelie::you ever notice you never see uncle drew and kyrie in the same room?
steve mctowelie::0  but uncle drew does have a restraining order against me
steve mctowelie::does the q count as a room?
Booty.Loaf::NO
Booty.Loaf::how many times have you been in the same room with either of them?
Nargash35::Uncle Drew? 20 points in the 4th? 35 on national TV? Just 5 shy of my prediction. Great W..!!
Booty.Loaf::land us jj redick grant.
steve mctowelie::executive of the year if he can do it without losing anyone like the speights trade
YogaBeer::Grant should've been arrested for grand larceny on that one.   That was simply being a smooth operator.
YogaBeer::that would improve this team a ton.  btw, what do you think of Ellington starting instead of Gee?
YogaBeer::Ellington speeds up the O.   He moves... to the right spots and makes an easy target for Irving.    Gee does move as well, but not to the correct places as much.   Also, Gee doesn't knock em down as frequently as Ellington does.   IMHO  However, Gee normally is an overall excellent team defender.   He stunk it up tonight, but normally he's the best on the team and usually defends the opposite team's best player.   So it's a toss up in my old head.
Nargash35::No. Keep the Grizz Mob alone..!
Booty.Loaf::I like ellingtons shot coming off the bench. idk I think they should try it out though. we should be toying with line ups at the end of the season now
Uncle_Gct2::Do you really think the Cavs are going to use the lot of picks they have??? They are going to make a blockbuster deal for somebody
YogaBeer::they won't keep them all.    IF they do, they'd break a record for the youngest team ever.
Booty.Loaf::is it suppose to snow tonight?
steve mctowelie::they are saying the big storm heading our way will be freezing rain during am rush hour on friday
YogaBeer::That's what I'm hearing as well.
YogaBeer::It was snowing outside my house just minutes ago.
Booty.Loaf::oh geez that's far. im in concord
YogaBeer::However, I wouldn't call it snow showers, but rather a few flakes here and there.
YogaBeer::I live in the boonies somewhere between Mansfield and Mt. Vernon.
Booty.Loaf::where you live?
Uncle_Gct2::Irving as a top ten shooter, passer, attacker? Who does that?
YogaBeer::Uncle Drew comes in as a close second.
YogaBeer::close second to Kyrie IRving that is.
Booty.Loaf::best finisher at the rim in the league
.Inuyasha.::Wouldn't it be something if LeBron James actually came back in 2014? I don't see it but the Cavs would be an immediate contender.
mrc5254::yoga beer is $@%!$@%!
steve mctowelie::enough already
YogaBeer::Please go flag yourself.   He's NOT coming back.
YogaBeer::I am very relaxed and I'm not your buddy.   You're the one drooling over someone's very bad tweet.    Why not Paul Pierce or Kevin Garnet?   How about Kevin Durant?   I'd rather have Durant teamed up with Kyire than LBJ any day of the week.    As long as we're talking good players, why not  CP3?
.Inuyasha.::Who said somebody can't come home? You need to relax buddy.
Booty.Loaf::I hope we make some block buster trade tomorrow that lands us an all star type player who can lead us to a higher playoff spot next year. im all for letting go of our first rounder this year and all of our picks as long as we get another game changer
Uncle_Gct2::Not this year
YogaBeer::We've got so many draft picks this year, we'll most likely pull a trade at the draft.
steve mctowelie::i see us dumping lukes expiring contract  but not much more
YogaBeer::From what Dan Gilbert paid to have Shaq sit on the bench for most of the '09-10 year, he'd be well worth that.
Booty.Loaf::ellington will make 3.5 a year tops I wouldn't mind paying speights up to 8
YogaBeer::I can't remember, but do we have Livingston under contract next season?   I like what he brings off the bench as a PG.    His arm length in of itself is enough for me.
YogaBeer::We've got to also decide on whether or not the Ace of Speights, Duke Ellington are worth the contract.   From what I've seen so far, I say yes.
YogaBeer::Amen brother!
amak110::Lebron to Cavs in 2016
YogaBeer::as a parking lot attendant.  *remembers the word of the game.
mclovinstoast::um no its 2014
thebuckeyeryguy::Could have been a perfect sports night if Kansas would have lost.  Oh well...
Uncle_Gct2::Assets. Lets talk about them. I think the Cavs have a guy like LMA or Kevin Love in sight
Uncle_Gct2::I think so. No way they are going to draft the 10 rookies they have in the next two years
YogaBeer::Another thing that keeps zipping through my head.    With a summer between now and then and the huge amount of meaningful minutes Kyrie and Dion have had together now, Waiters may end up being THAT guy.
YogaBeer::What I mean is... Kyrie had a broken hand this summer and was recovering from it in the fall.   Those two didn't play together at all.   Then one got hurt during the regular season early, then when he got back the other got injured.   Over the past month or so... this is the first we've seen from these two.   And they are at the top of the NBA as a scoring combo back court.
Booty.Loaf::no chance. one more lotto pick plus a couple FA role players is all we need plus greg oden
YogaBeer::I'm not sold on that theory.    I believe it was more like we couldn't land a FA b/c of James.    He was so ball hog then and only about himself at that time.   The all star type FA then didn't want to come and be bossed around by James and his entourage.   That certainly wouldn't be the case now.
Booty.Loaf::no all star free agent is coming to Cleveland. we couldn't even land one when LeBron was here
YogaBeer::I'm thinking we hit on a all star type FA.   Doesn't have to be "super star", but at least needs to be considered all star talent.
YogaBeer::Just need to play Luke Walton more.
Uncle_Gct2::Hey Indians 1028
Indians1028::Hey, have fun trolling on the Heat board
Uncle_Gct2::its awesome
Indians1028::They freak out so much
Uncle_Gct2::you too
Booty.Loaf::is it just my computer or did all the recent comments disappear
YogaBeer::ESPN has been doing this a lot lately.    They aren't deleting, it's just how it works with your browser.   You might try refreshing the page.   Then again, this might disappear on you if you do.
thebuckeyeryguy::Would Nerlins Noel be worth the risk for the Cavs?  I think so, but who knows?
scanmanOSU::But Oden is such a health question mark, how could you pass on Noel if given the chance to take him? Whatever they do, they gotta get someone who plays defense. Sometimes its hard to watch those guys on D.
YogaBeer::First, ask yourself if Oden is worth the risk.   If he is, then why risk another C with bad knees?
YogaBeer::True.   However, if we're signing a C with micro-fracture surgery, why also draft a C that's just had (or is getting) ACL surgery?     Especially when there's other Cs in this draft.    I wouldn't mind having the other Zeller.    We could call ourselves the Zeller Dwellers.
scanmanOSU::1 torn ACL isn't bad knees. Not even close to micro-fracture surgery.
Indians1028::Maybe the 3rd or 4th pick but not the 1st
Booty.Loaf::NO NO NO NO NO
YogaBeer::From the Twitters to the right.   "We'll shake this one off and get ready for the Mavericks on Friday. Grab your tickets and we'll see you at the Hive!"  What do you call the home of the Pelicans?   Not trying to troll.   Serious question.
YogaBeer::I walked into that one.   lol  So basically, there's no difference, just that one nest doesn't sting.
steve mctowelie::the nest?
HunterF4444::The nest
Uncle_Gct2::Chris Grant is a great GM
Booty.Loaf::anybody think Indians got a shot this year? im excited for baseball season but don't want to be disappointed. what should we be expecting this season?
steve mctowelie::im hoping miliner.
YogaBeer::But seriously, I hate trading down, but in this draft not even the pro scout dudes can separate many from 1- 30
steve mctowelie::the bigger question is who do the browns take
YogaBeer::Flacco
YogaBeer::Will only go as far as the pitching.   Need a couple of starters to step it up.     Offense will be MUCH better and should be very exciting to watch.
HunterF4444::A better team but how much better I do not know.
YogaBeer::In the ALC, yes.
Booty.Loaf::you think playoffs are a realistic possibility?
JohnsonnnL::Was Grant the Ast GM with Ferry, where did we get him?
Booty.Loaf::grant was in Atlanta. ferry and grant just swapped teams
steve mctowelie::i like that trade
scanmanOSU::Yes
aarongb25::Man i am going to buy tickets in 3-4 years when Kyrie Irving is taking his team to the EAST championship against LeBRON and schooling that boy
YogaBeer::What these young bloods have to understand, that this game has always been and will always be about buckets.
thebuckeyeryguy::Ha ha.  Bill Self was dancing down the sideline telling his guys to get back on defense.
Rob Riggle FTW::irving is a good players, but man is he a classless punk lol. no respect for guys like him.
steve mctowelie::hes a steeler fan so he knows nothing of class
YogaBeer::A Sandusky fan for sure.
YogaBeer::Has to be sarcasm.
Booty.Loaf::is that a joke?
TWW0108::Either that or a troll.
Uncle_Gct2::How?
letsg0mets57::Everyone who says Cavs aren't making playoffs soon are wrong. Team has improved so much in the last month, and trust me I watch every game. This teams just gonna get better as they get older so watch out!
TheBrownestBob::Only the Kings trade their 5th overall pick.. and only the kings draft a PF 5th overall when they have Cousins, Johnson and Thompson set as their big-man rotation.  I'm just glad I'm not a Kings fan... I would go insane if DeMarcus Cousins and Tyreke Evans were on my team and the management did nothing but bring in players to challenge their starting jobs.
YogaBeer::Where are the Kings going to be in 2013-14?   I doubt they have many fans left.
thebuckeyeryguy::Could Chris Grant be one of the greatest GM's in Cleveland sports history?  I think he might be on par with John Hart from the 90's Indians teams.
TWW0108::Only time will tell.  His moves have to translate into positive results going forward.  So far, I really like what I see.
YogaBeer::Let's see the $@% first.    But you gotta give props to the man in the 80s.
Uncle_Gct2::Lol at Lil Wayne and Chris Bosh
Uncle_Gct2::Shabazz to Cavs
I have come here to chew bubble_gum and kick ass::I hope the Cavs can nab Kevin Love from Minnesota
YogaBeer::Too much $ for a back=up behind TT
thebuckeyeryguy::Anybody see that Thomas Robinson just got traded for a bucket of basketballs.  Looks like I was wrong about him as well.
JohnsonnnL::I don't know where he would fit with us, Hes not a sf, and hes undersized as a pf.
BuckeyeForever2002::You serious? The Kings traded him ALREADY?
YogaBeer::Grant was asleep on this one.   Might have been able to trade Luke Walton for Robinson.
YogaBeer::I remember when Terry Pluto said the Cavs made a mistake drafting Waiters over Robinson.   lol
Booty.Loaf::reason why kings always suck
steve mctowelie::gvng up waaayyy to soon
HunterF4444::It's the Kings
YogaBeer::You gotta believe those dudes are happy about leaving Sac-town.
