the v man j18::Why is Luis Scola Starting Markeif Morris is a better defender and in this game got more playing time?
BigNeuf::lol Jazz absolutely cannot win on the road
ALLforthelulz::the only real major flaw in Big Al is that he can be a bit too passive. He forgets a lot how much of a man-beast he is. That's why he's so scary to play at home, but on the road in games like this he can go quiet. its just his personality
TheBigAZ151680::great win suns i hope we can turn the season around and maybe get a 8th seed or so but i love the defence from pj tucker
dahojas::Jazz lost because Favors and Kanter didn't get enough minutes. Both were effective while on the floor while Jefferson and Millsap were not. Drives me insane that Corbin sticks to his starters so dang much when t hey are under performing. So stupid.
objective sports watcher::3 game winning streak coming! Suns have an easy game on Sunday! :)
SoCalBeast23::Same ole Jazz I've been accustomed too.  Get my hopes up after some good wins, and then lose a game by 10+ points.  Go figure!  The Jazz are so predictable that it hurts.
Maxi Klinger::Never seen a team that is ecent at home but absolutely trash on the road........like the jazz
yograndma821::ty corbin and the FO are a joke...do they not realize if they keep this team/keep playing overrated players it will be a perennial 8 seedish team?  1.  PLAY ALEC BURKS foye has sucked after his hotstreak at the start of the year 2. Trade Milsap and Jefferson for eric bledsoe and depth at big man 3.  Start the "core four" of hayward, burks, kanter, an favors.  There will be growing pains, but it will ultimately help the future Sadly this will obviously not happen as the jazz will be happy to be a perennial 6-8 seed
dahojas::While I admit that Foye has cooled off, he is still one of the top 3 point threats in the league. He's on pace to have more 3's by himself than the Jazz had as a team last year. Plus, he keeps the defenses honest. I don't think he should start anymore, but Burks shouldn't either. He's too sporadic and streaky. 2nd, we can't trade both Millsap and Jefferson. The Jazz are having as much success as they are having because of their front court depth, not in spite of it. Trading Al is not going to happen because his contract is worth too much and teams won't take the risk. Starters should be Mo, Hayward, Marvin, Milsap and Kanter. Kanter/Milsap combo is by far the best front court combo i've seen this year, they are the reason we beat the lakers in my opinion. It's not as simple as your post implies.
Enochdawg::For all you other Jazz fans that are upset by this loss, how could you not see the signs?  It has been this way since Malone and Stockton left.
TAC0REV::This Jazz team will continue to be garbage until it gets rid of Al "No Effort" Jefferson. Until then, they'll win quite a few at home, lose almost every game on the road, finish around .500 and get swept in the first round if they make the playoffs, just like last year. That's this team's ceiling as long as Jefferson is around. But apparently the Jazz FO is okay with that, because they're content with mediocrity.
rosydobbles::The Jazz are a COMPLETELY different team on the road than at home. It's like watching the Heat and then watching...the Suns! haha
Peter26811::You misspelled lakers
lll__::Favors played better in 17 minutes than Al did in 34
Metta World Elbow v2::Beasley you're garbage, get the hell off my team
the v man j18::Scola Your garbage go back to Houston
Orange6O2::Maybe some desperate team will take him
the v man j18::Like the Lakers?
Metta World Elbow v2::Utah is pathetic and so is their fans
Enochdawg::Cool.  A troll.
Serg Abaka::Karl Malone throws better elbows than you
Orange6O2::Hell yeah they is
arizonasting13::Sweet jesus, this guy really said 15ppg and 8apg is "average" in the NBA. Typical Heat fan.
HeatSwagYolo::Sorry, just used to having actual good players like Lebron, Wade, a Bosh who average 25 or more a night.
arizonasting13::$@%! YOU
Orange6O2::Bandwagon fan confirmed
Darkflame07::Un-f.ucking-real jazz! Why is it so damn hard for this team to put forward any effort in the road? They went right back to the ball sticking in the post with Jefferson, there was no ball movement at all and Phoenix made all of the hustle plays while the jazz just stood around. That was pathetic.
HeatSwagYolo::Yeah, but you cant even classify Dragic as good. Average sure. Brown is just Laker garbage and oh yeah Beasley...lol
HeatSwagYolo::15 ppg and 8 assist ppg would be avergage.
arizonasting13::Dragic is a beast, idk what you are talking about.
HeatSwagYolo::Actually been a fan since the first ring with O'neal
Orange6O2::He's been a basketball fan for 2 years. He knows what he's talking about.
arizonasting13::gg ji.zz see ya next time
jazzmantitch::Stay classy brah
arizonasting13::i respect dee jazz I just like to have fun brah
Orange6O2::Go $@%! yourself
Orange6O2:::)
arizonasting13::8==== ) 0:
ESPN.com is my life::MEM, UTA not bad back to back wins for this team.
Bear Down Zona::jazz suck
jazzmantitch::GG Suns fans. Stay classy...
lookitsdeco::ok..HOPEFULYL MEMPHIS BAILS ME OUT LMAO
mjsk_g::UTAH SUCKS
arizonasting13::once again screwing up our draft pick :(
lookitsdeco::dont worry the lakers will give you priiiime spot in the draft
arizonasting13::truuuu
Orange6O2::Yep, next they'll start an 8 game losing streak
ESPN.com is my life::nice game suns. well earned win.
HeatSwagYolo::Who on the Suns is even good? The other day I couldn't even name one player on the Suns....And I know my basketball.
the v man j18::The player i know Jemaine O'neil Micheal Beasly Luis Scola Shannon Brown Markief Morris
arizonasting13::And I can tell by your username you know nothing about basketball
arizonasting13::Dragic, Gortat
Orange6O2::The Suns have talent, you must not know basketball as well as you think
mikeisildur::They got that gross lookin' guy with long hair now
the v man j18::Beasly overated K-State junk
ESPN.com is my life::he's not good.
ESPN.com is my life::dragic
mikeisildur::Jazz Suns WCF book it
jpm70127::Beasley can be a marquee player, but something is really affecting him mentally thats stoppin him from playing with consistency
Orange6O2::I knew the Suns would win if Wes Johnson played
mjsk_g::UTAH SUCKS BALLS!
feeldabern::do the right research says the a hole who is trying to play like he profits. d bag
feeldabern::anyone who talks at the end of a game is gonna win every bet u massive tool.
WaveySauce585::anybody who has been betting over 5 years with a brain would back the suns in this one
RowdyRaider5::Kind of sad Garrett is on the roster while Marshall is in the D League
Serg Abaka::Rather a player in the DLeague getting minutes than wasting their time at the end of the bench
Orange6O2::Don't worry, the Suns have a plan.
82Garrett::Has anyone ever seen the Zeller family photo? If your black it will literally turn you white.
Orange6O2::This win will cause the Suns to put off rebuilding for another year
mjsk_g::UTAH SUCKS BALLS!!!!!!!!!
jthueson26::One huge step forward on Wednesday, one giant step backwards tonight...story of the Utah Jazz. I'm frustrated, just beat the teams you're supposed to
feeldabern::how do u have 13 pts in a qtr and have 13 wins. nba plays too many games. they don't care most nights. product is shady and unwatchable.
WaveySauce585::DONT TO PROPER RESEARCH, LOOK AT THE WRONG THINGS..... BLAME VEGAS FIXING  -ESPN GAMBLERS WHO HIT UNDER 40%
arizonasting13::LUKE ZELLER- the 7 foot hobbit
mikeisildur::The guy who played Gimli in LOTR was the tallest member of the cast.  And Thorin is also the tallest member of the Hobbit cast.
WaveySauce585::SUNS +1.5 TO THE BANK BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM
ESPN.com is my life::LOL gortat.
sanattof::since 10:22 mark no fg's for jazz. hmmm league is now tattooed spooks who buy chains with their vegas earnings
mikeisildur::Lol, 11 point 4th quarter.  LONG LIVE ROAD JAZZ
wingerisgreat@gmail.com::Did hayward get benched or injured?
wingerisgreat@gmail.com::He's hit or miss every night
22BearsOwnAll::Benched, he's awful!
Orange6O2::Suns will take him
ESPN.com is my life::now it's embarrassing.
CobeKeesh::who took my under bet?
loumax@bigpond.net.au::Me! Any other picks?
Little dragon76::Where all those trolls talking about a comeback during the second qt at now?
jazzmantitch::Says the repetitive troll...
22BearsOwnAll::Just start chucking 3s that's your only option.
ESPN.com is my life::if the damned lakers hadn't squeaked one out in WAS, we would be tied with them.
sanattof::i dont gamble but i like to look at lines and when i saw jazz minus 5 2nd half i said oh boy vegas mops up again, spooks know these lines kids. days of bird and magic over when the nba was pure
sanattof::if i bet i would bet college teams with legit kids going pro. too much shaving by the $@%! teams
Deuce200361::youre exactly right.....at a glance you dont see the suns maintaining a 14 point lead....vegas mops up with this league....bet the over/unders...its safer
feeldabern::exactly. it is so annoying
22BearsOwnAll::Yeah probably
