joeytink14::The fact is that the "product" Thursday night in Miami was not compromised. Spurs led going into the 4th quarter. Maybe the Heat should be fined too by Stern for tanking for three quarters. Or maybe NOBODY should get fined and let the coaches and GMs run their business as they see fit. If these San Antonio players who were rested got hurt and weren't around for the playoffs, that would hurt the "product" too, isn't that rate David Stern? What gives you the right to run the Spurs franchise and determine how they should present themselves to the fans. Haven't they earned some credibility with their "product"?
- Garbage Man::James Anderson had the best game of any Spur
RZye::F*ck this integrity of the game talk. The only people who were negatively affect by this decision are a bunch of butthurt Heat fans who had to realize they can be beat by a bunch of bench players. Guess you aren't as good as you thought you were, huh?
elitetrader19::<b>All the Heat's wins this year don't count - they have Ray Allen who will always be a Celtic</b>
Kimbal Binder::Thus ends David Stern's credibility.    It was great individuals like Dr. J and Magic and Bird and Air Jordan who made great teams, great entertainment and pushed the NBA past the NHL and into the big three of American team sports (NHL does have primarily US teams).    Stern has done a few good things but then again the officiating was compromised on his watch and widespread tanking happens every year.  Has Stern done anything at all about that?   Nope.   But now he thinks he has the right to determine lineups for an individual team rather than the man paid to do so, Greg Popovich?   David Stern would make a terrible coach and he is no longer capable of being commissioner.   A commish doesn't throw a brat-like childish tantrum...shame on David Stern!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
elitegreek::How are you gonna sit 4 of your 5 starters this early in the season on a national televised game against the defending champs? Do it against a below 500 team,he didn't do it against the magic the day before,and I sure as hell bet you he won't do it playing at home.Stop cheating the fans pop! Players get paid millions to play basketball! I don't care how old they are if they can't play retire.
elitegreek::Get out of here pop
deadmenincorporation::GO F URE SELF
deadmenincorporation::David stern is just an over powered $@% looking to punish the Spurs I bet if it was anyone else he wouldn't do it to but because its the Spurs that's the only reason why he's doing it
GoColtsGoDeViLzzz::David Stern it is one thing to investigate match fixing so do that but don't come out here and fine without proof of anything.  I also think it is funny you go and do this when the game was on tv nationwide.  U mad Stern about missing a certain opportunity to show off players to make money ?  Seriously fine for serious infractions and not a coach deciding to rest players cuz they have a horrid road schedule and needed to do it.
BurntOrange5021::I don't get why the Spurs would be fined. Stern made it sound like he knew before the game ratings would be bad. They weren't. People were seeing the score on the bottom of the screen and going from Louisville-Rutgers to this game. It made it a better game. Pop's decision made complete sense. You rest your stars before a Division Game against another team your competing with in your conference (The Grizz). Plus, what choice did he have. The NBA practically engineered this game in the Heat's favor. Hmmmmmmmmm . . . . the Spurs have an aging Big 3, the Heat don't. So . . . . . let's make this the 4th game in 5 nights for the Spurs, and not make the Heat play since Saturday. Perfectly Fair.
Machine from future::The Spurs bench players almost beat the Heat which is an outstanding effort by the bench players.  If they continue to perform at this level when they're rotated in for a starter, the Spurs may have the deepest players in the league that'll lead to a ton of wins.
elitegreek::It's called playing down to the competition, the Miami heat was bored playing them.
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz::On to the next one,till we meet again heat fans.You guys better hope yall dont see us in June....Good luck with the spammers that was some bull lastnite.
elitegreek::Heat won't see the spurs at all because the spurs won't get past the lakers or Okc.They will lose second round of the playoffs
cbbaseball19::Chicago Bulls at a respectable 7-7 ;)
cbbaseball19::Hello Aicyla! been a while.  Not on here as much anymore huh?
Aicyla22::hey sorry for the delay work has been busy bc of the election how are you?
Aicyla22::yes unfortunately I've messed the last few weeks of games but i hope they continue on a run
cbbaseball19::Oh got ya.  Been pretty good. Enjoying this run the Heat have going right now.
RunTheRock22...::prove you can win in a regular year against  halfway healthy  teams in the east and people wont think the heat are such a joke
Aicyla22::why? what does it matter what people think? they got rings and a trophy period
txcoach5454::Just did the math on Boozer....  approx 15 mill per year.... approx 1000 points per season.... = approx 30K stolen...I mean earned...every bucket he makes....
MiamiFan2004::RunTheRock22... - so you think the bulls really pinned all their hopes on Booz? lol okay buddy  Yep, and they guessed wrong.  But then you are used to being wrong, I noticed.
txcoach5454::No..I just think that they had a spare 15 million laying around and found the most underachieving PF to give it away too.  Your right...it makes perfect sense
RunTheRock22...::so you think the bulls really pinned all their hopes on Booz? lol okay buddy
txcoach5454::I do get corrected alot....by people who think their emotional based opinions are more real than facts.
RunTheRock22...::just another piece of the puzzle, no one   pinned any hopes on him. and i bet you get corrected a lot
cbbaseball19::Zing
txcoach5454::Your right...Chicago is paying Boozer 15 million per year to be a non-factor....  I stand corrected
RunTheRock22...::pinned our hopes on Boozer? I'll let you catch up on your basketball for a couple of weeks and then you can try again
txcoach5454::I understand that Bulls fans would be upset...they are a one man team and that one man got hurt and not they are much of a factor.  I understand that Bulls fans pinned their hopes on Boozer to take them to the next level and Boozer underachieved...  I feel your pain and all I can do is offer my sympathy
RunTheRock22...::at the end of the day they got one but we all know it was weak sauce style
cbbaseball19::.................
Kobah-Bryne::Troll alert, troll alert...
Kobah-Bryne::Does anybody believe that, at the end of close game that LeBron shouldn't have the ball in his hands... Keep the ball away from Wade,  please!
Dillon137232::Is that how bad the heat stink they can't even beat a bunch a backups lollololololol
elitegreek::Yeah clearly that's why the are the champs because they can't beat the bench of the spurs?
cbbaseball19::I must have missed the final score.........
Kobah-Bryne::He's a troll...
moughmancan::regarding Pop and the Spurs: there is always a concern abou rebuilding and giving guys experience for the future and in big games...not to mention needing depth and experience once in the playoffs, which can be rigorous and taxing on players who run long minutes in the games.  it seems to me that Pop's decision is a great decision with respect to those factors previously mentioned. he has players who are experienced who are aging. he is in need of experience for his bench and players for the future.   what is sad is that everyone is complaining about his decision, when they should be complaining about how the Spurs "B" team took the Heat "A" team down to the wire.  Seems to me that Pop's decision paid off. the Sprus bench gained experience versus the NBA's championship team and they did very well against the Heat. Now the bench knows they are all good enough to play in big games an to perform well in the event that the starters are injured or badly weathered from the long grindin season.  i think stern should appologze publicly for his comments and he should thin before he speaks next time.
RunTheRock22...::MiamiFan2004  Allen was such a shell of himself that the Heat snapped him up in the off season and he has already won 3 games for us. Wrong again, troll. ------ no crap moron. once the ankle healed he is ray allen again, you do know there was an off season right?  but this from the guy who thinks your not a real fan unless you have had an espn profile forever . lol
cbbaseball19::How come I dont get a response?
cbbaseball19::HA!!!!!!!!
RunTheRock22...::didn't impact them as much. look what happened. you think they were impacted more then the bulls and Magic? C'mon man keep up
cbbaseball19::Uh so Wade and Chris Bosh were injured in the playoffs, thats not nearly as important as other injuries to other teams. Wow.
Aicyla22::yea CB stop arguing with him his opinions are facts so youre wrong no matter what...
RunTheRock22...::I never commented on Wade and never said he was healthy, please keep up. I said that Bulls Magis and C's were affected more by injury then the heat. so calm down and take a deep breath, i know you think you had me there .lol
txcoach5454::Good intentions...but misguided
RunTheRock22...::wow really, yeah i guess it was that day
cbbaseball19::You made a garbage excuse for Paul Pierce saying that he had a bad knee.  Why doesnt Wade get to have that pitty from you? He had a bad knee but according to you he was healthy.
Aicyla22::The day the Zambian plane crashed at Libreville, Gabon,and 30 soccer players died?
RunTheRock22...::april 28 1993
Aicyla22::since when did your opinions become truth?
RunTheRock22...::response to what? it's hard to keep up with all you heat fans all of you need so much truth
utlonghorns2008::Well, the Spurs are getting publicity for once, probably unwanted though
Grated Nuts::board is slow
RunTheRock22...::the Dallas championship was way more impressive then the heats and look what happened to them. the heat have proved nothing. they beat one good team in the playoffs, all other team were decimated with injury  and the pacers were just not good. it's a weak lockout year championship. weak sauce city
MiamiFan2004::He can't, but that won't stop him from lying on here, hoping for... actually I don't know what he is hoping for.  I guess he is just hopeless.
txcoach5454::Can you explain how the Celtics and OKC where "decimated with injury"?
MiamiFan2004::RunTheRock22... - OKC was fine thats why i said they beat one good team, keep up. and boston was missing their best defender who was a huge part of the team and Allen was a shell of himself with a bad ankle. PP was also dealing with a bad knee  ---------- Allen was such a shell of himself that the Heat snapped him up in the offseason and he has already won 3 games for us.  Wrong again, troll.
cbbaseball19::So its okay to excuse Pierce for a bad knee but not Wade?
RunTheRock22...::OKC was fine thats why i said they beat one good team, keep up. and boston was missing  their best defender who was a huge part of the team and Allen was a shell of himself with a bad ankle. PP was also dealing with a bad knee
cbbaseball19::Avery Bradley was out and thats it.  DECIMATED!!!!!!!!!!
cbbaseball19::Clueless.................
MiamiFan2004::RunTheRock22... - at least you admit your clueless, good for you it's the first step on the road to the truth  Very weak trolling from the newb on his rag...
cbbaseball19::No, since you are a little slow I will help you out.  As you can see, when you posted there is a button below that says REPLY.  Which in turn means it was directed towards you. :)
RunTheRock22...::at least you admit your clueless, good for you it's the first step on the road to the truth
HeatleHitMane::He's just emotional.
Play2Win629::Pop was doing what he felt was best for his team...HE is the coach of the Spurs nobody else, it is his decision to sit his stars and give them a night off, who cares if you upset some people. Anybody that has ever coached before understands that you are not coaching to make everybody happy.  He did what he felt was best for his team at that time and I commend him for making a tough decision.
RunTheRock22...::does Lebron still pretend to read before games or is that just when the cameras are on him?
Football_Basketball_Maybe Baseball::I wonder if your team had won the Championship would you still have something to say. Although it does not matter what one thinks, the title is in the record books to stay!
HeatleHitMane::You mean like yourself, pretending not to be stupid, but you say something stupid anyway?
cbbaseball19::he will stop pretending when you stop pretending that the Heat are overrated. :)
cbbaseball19::The fact still remains they are the best team in the league.  That involves conditioning and durability.  CHAMPS
RunTheRock22...::it's not their fault but the fact still remains that they only beat one good team. weak sauce
cbbaseball19::Ok so its the Heat's fault that they are more durable? Hmmmmmmmm talk about weak sauce.
RunTheRock22...::the condensed schedule  took it's toll on teams and hurt the bulls magic  and C's way more then it hurt the heat. it was a cake walk to the finals. they only beat one good team in the playoffs. weak sauce
cbbaseball19::What does a lockout season have to do with winning a title?  Whose fault is it that other teams are not healthy? Eastern teams cant compete with Miami except for Boston.  Miami didnt have Bosh throughout part of the playoffs either.  Plus, the WC champs were completely healthy so your argument is invalid.
RunTheRock22...::not pretending at all. if they win in a none lockout season and face a halfway healthy team in the eastern playoffs then they will prove something.
MiamiFan2004::Worthy of moving to the top -  Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF -  SO what if they lose a few fans. TV revenue will drop slightly and players/owners will make a little less when the next CBA is negotiated. I'd rather have that then the league dictating who must play in each game. The Heat had three players that also did not play. I think they might need some sanctions too. Dexter Pittman and two other players. --------- LOL!  So according to THIS GUY, Dexter Pittman = Tim Duncan. Anybody agree with that preposterous proposition?
MiamiFan2004::Three comments of mine above.  1 with a like, one with 2, another with 0.  I wonder how you eqate that to me liking all my comments.  Poor newbie troll, whining about things that have nothing to do with reality.
MiamiFan2004::You said they should get the same punishment as SAS gets for skipping out Duncan and co.  And apparently forgot that just about ALL teams have some folks on their bench that don't get into every game.  Big difference, which is why Stern is pissed off.
txcoach5454::'It's about money and nothing more"  Sad but true
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Stern is mad because the TV ratings suffered on a nationally televised game.  Get a clue dude.  If the Spurs sent Duncan, Ginobili, Parker and Green home for the Orlando game the night before Stern wouldn't have cared.  ANd the same home fans would have been cheated.  It's about money and nothing more.  Try to keep up and stop liking all of your own comments.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::The point is, the SPurs chose which players to play just like the Heat did.  When the SPurs are on the road they chose which players travel with the team just like the Heat do.  It's all up to the coach and in this case the most successful coach in the NBA.  But go ahead and try to spin it however you want to.  I never said Dexter Pittman = Tim Duncan.
MiamiFan2004::LOL!
txcoach5454::Dexter Pittman is the Tim Duncan of the Eastern Conference...  --Dexter Pittman
koke3599::?
stop the duck7::the spurs didnt play thier stars cuz they thought they could beat the heat without them lol
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::And they almost did...
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz::The nba title might as well be given to who ever wins the WCF.
MiamiFan2004::This guy obviously doesn't know how the playoffs are run.  See, there is another round after the WCF, and that team will still need to beat Miami.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Or whoever represents the East.
HeatleHitMane::How'd that work out last season?
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz::No like this year.
sourdeezl::LIKE LAST YR?
BoomAndDoomBaby::Heat WIN 3rd title this year 4 - 2 over Memphis! BANK IT!
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::It's a little early for that projection especially since Memphis has only won one playoff series ever.
RunTheRock22...::Spurs only dress four players and the heat can barely get the win. can anyone say overrated ?
sourdeezl::GOT TO LOVE BULLS FANS.  ITS A SHAME, MAYBE IF YOUR ORGANIZATION WASNT SO DISLOYAL YOU COULD HAVE RECRUITED A BETTER FREE AGENT THAN BOOZER.  OH WELL
MiamiFan2004::They are rated #1 in the league, and currently #1 in the East.  How is that overrated?  PLEASE tell us the Bulls are better than the Heat, I need to see you justify that one with some regular season game result from 2007....
koke3599::They're NBA Champs genius
koke3599::They have the 2nd best record in the league, cmon man keep up
RunTheRock22...::what did you just find that out? you think the champs can't be overrated? C'mon man keep up
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz:::( I didnt get to see Duncan lastnite :(    -Miamifan2004 :(
MiamiFan2004::You called me out by name, obviously, you needed more attemtion, newbie, and since your team failed, you are trying to win some internet war in response.  War is over, yu lost, the NBA will decide your punishment, troll newb.
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz::Obviously not s.tupid.
MiamiFan2004::Yawn.  I moved on long ago, try to keep up, fool.
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz::Yeah but he's the only one crying about it.I take that back Stern to.
koke3599::No one did.....
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz::Spurs have the best back up bench in the association.
koke3599::Perhaps
RunTheRock22...::Stern wants to punish the spurs for resting guys but turns a blind eye to Wade and Lebron  holding hands during the intro and kissing during every time out. wtf stern do something about  this crap
BoomAndDoomBaby::Bears ELIMINATED first rd this year too just like the bulls! LMAO at Chicago sports!
RunTheRock22...::don't talk about football buddy, just watch lebron dunk and smile like all the other  heat fans. don't try to talk real sports
MiamiFan2004::Why, yes he is.
MiamiFan2004::RunTheRock22... - hey it's mr. bandwagon himself, only roll with the winning front running team miami fan 2004  RunTheRock22... Member Since: October 16, 2012 Favorite Teams  EMPTY.  Try again, newbs.
RunTheRock22...::hey it's mr. bandwagon himself, only roll with the winning front running team miami fan 2004
koke3599::Are you mentally re.tarded?
koke3599::Or both
BoomAndDoomBaby::No, hes just a jealous loser bulls fan!
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Thank God on ESPN polls 82% of America say the Spurs shouldn't be punished.  I was beginning to think there were a lot more idiots in this country than there are.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::SO what if they lose a few fans.  TV revenue will drop slightly and players/owners will make a little less when the next CBA is negotiated.  I'd rather have that then the league dictating who must play in each game.  The Heat had three players that also did not play.  I think they might need some sanctions too.  Dexter Pittman and two other players.
MiamiFan2004::If Spurs are not punished, all teams will screw over the fans that way.  Then, ticket sales and advertising dollars will decline.  Bad for business, bad for the fans, and bad for the NBA.
Beans will make you fart::same % who voted for Obama
Beans will make you fart::NBA is the worst needs a Job... too bad he's using his welfare check to pay for his internet to troll heat boards
HeatleHitMane::The reason the Heat are shooting less ft this season is that they are a much better passing team this year. Just look at their assist to fg ratio. It is allowing them to shoot more open jumpshots than ever. Nuff said.
sourdeezl::IGNORE HIM.  HE HAS NO LIFE AND LITERALLY TROLLS THE HEAT BOARDS ALL DAY EVERY DAY
BoomAndDoomBaby::Hes a CRY BABY loser spurs fan
nba is the worst::"Offense wins championships"!
HeatleHitMane::What?! Who said that?
sourdeezl::WHOS UR TEAM?
ForeverGrapeOKC::Heat cant beat OKC in the finals with Wade playing like this.
Beans will make you fart::Spurs are a regular season squad. come playoffs the old men fold
LakerHeadsReckoning211::The Spurs would have spanked the Heat in the Finals last year if OKC didn't get pushed over the hump by Joey Crawford.
sourdeezl::YUP BUT THEY DIDNT MAKE IT SO SUCKS FOR THE SPURS
sourdeezl::NOT WORRIED.  HEAT IN 5  SHIP IT
LakerHeadsReckoning211::OKC won't make it past the Grizzlies or Spurs.
nba is the worst::Let's hope not
random NBA lover::too bad the finals start next week. hopefully I've studied enough to make a "A"  back to basketball, I trust Wade will play a lot better come June
random NBA lover::Ray Allen and Lebron have to be one of the worst scoring duos to defend in the leauge.  Stay on Allen and let Lebron drive to the rim, or help on Lebron and hope Ray misses a three?
LakerHeadsReckoning211::It looks like D-Wade is finished. What a shame.
sourdeezl::NAH WADE IS FINE.  BEST RECORD IN THE LEAGUE.. TROLL SOMEWHERE ELSE
LakerHeadsReckoning211::Indeed. LOLaker$ are pathetic.
random NBA lover::Scary how good Miami looks without Wade playing his best.  In other news the Lolkers just look bad regardless
Heat_Master_Sage::Bill returned last night
LakerHeadsReckoning211::Yes. Manu is 5-years-older than Wade, though.
Heat_Master_Sage::Like manu?
Rambomonster9::Look up any player's stats who career is done or almost done and you will see that 90% of them played their best (or best numbers) ages 22-27.  At 26 you start to loose athleticism (speed, quickness, strength, jumping, and natural test levels decrease).
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Tony Parker's game has always been based on speed and he is doing fine and turned 30 this year.  His assists are up and I imagine that is the key for a point guard.  As you lose the explosiveness you pass more.  Everyone but Kobe.
Rambomonster9::My opinion is that all players are on the decline at 27 years old.  I wonder how guys like Westbrook and Rose, whos games are based 90% on speed and athletisism, will play at 28 years old?  my guess is they will be just above average
random NBA lover::More so for Rose, because he is hurt already, Westbrook hasn't missed on game due to injury yet
Rambomonster9::Thoughts?  Discussion?
Heat_Master_Sage::refs normally balance out games
Heat_Master_Sage::so wait.. a guy who rarely had three straight 10+ ft's game during the season compared to a player who has multiple times gone to the ft line due to his ability to get to the rim.  HRRRM
nba is the worst::Ummm - Wade's fta avg that year 9.0 in both the reg season and playoffs (so he shot almost 3X his avg in the last 2 games (46), and 16.2 for the series (+7.2/gm).  Dirk avgd 7.4 in the reg season and 10.0 in the playoffs, but only 9.3 in the Finals
Heat_Master_Sage::you never mention how dirk had three straight 10+ ft and he was a jump shooter
nba is the worst::Kinda dwarfed by the + 38 in 2 games with a total difference of 4 pts
nba is the worst::As the 49-25 ft margin for the heat in gm 5 of the '06 Finals proved, when followed by the 37-23 margin in game 6 on the road.
random NBA lover::unless this happens more times than it doesn't, then that makes it a normality, like Sage said
random NBA lover::no way people actually believe ref help and still watch the NBA unless they are stupid.  how could a smart person watch a sport they actually believe is rigged?
nba is the worst::Is pro wrestling popular?
random NBA lover::among stupid people of course
Heat_Master_Sage::Worst using that logic he would of rested his team in orl   during the blow out
Heat_Master_Sage::right spurs balance out the game by using their bench a lot more. so to rest the  stars here is kind of redudent becuase they don't play more then 35= mins
nba is the worst::No starter played over 32 minutes in that one, but I don't get your point anyway.  Spurs' key players got home yesterday afternoon, a full day's rest to be ready for Saturday's big game.  That couldn't happen if they played last night.
Rambomonster9::What is it that Kobe and Durant are shooting twice as many free throws per game as Lebron??  is it officiating or is Lebron being LESS aggressive?  it seems like his scoring has been declining since he was 23 years old and he doesnt take it to the hole even close to as much as he did with Cle
nba is the worst::because the league has dialed back the massive ref help for the heat now that lebron got a ring*
nba is the worst::Just compare the ft differential this season to the last 2
txcoach5454::You know...there is also a President's secret book that holds all the secrets of our nation....Area 51, the Kennedy assassination and....does bigfoot exist??  does he....DOES HE....
Rambomonster9::hmmmmm...
Heat_Master_Sage::shhh worst is here he will nto see the logic
theseppster::What about when he took all the players from seattle sports fans or how about the fact that his league didnt start until halfway thru the season last year or the block of the cp3 trade he has kept more stars off the floor for mor than popavich.
Heat_Master_Sage::stern wasn't the fault of cp3. the owners were
Heat_Master_Sage::That's what I love about pop.. he basicly gives a middle finger to tnt, miami, and stern without blinking an eye
random NBA lover::yes, he could have easily rested his guys vs. ORL, but no Pop does it on a National televised game, showing the ultimate idgaf
Heat_Master_Sage::lol yeah I loved it.
Heat_Master_Sage::Kobe keeps jacking up shots. wade turns into a pg, rebounds, and plays d on his bad games
dwyanewadeblockedyourfavoriteplayer3.0::Don't feed the trolls man
Mccgrady23::Kobe still the best sg in the nba...wade is not even a close second..
dwyanewadeblockedyourfavoriteplayer3.0::Kobe is the best at chucking up shots, yes.
MiamiFan2004::nba is the worst - I always forget that heat fans think ref gift ft line titles are "great performances"  You have Alzheimers?  Sorry to hear that.  I mean, you have this same argument every day, lose it badly, and then try again even though it is six years later.  Gotta be some form of memory loss....
nba is the worst::I always forget that heat fans think ref gift ft line titles are "great performances"
Heat_Master_Sage::nba is the worst - That explains kobe's 5 -2* titles advantage  right so  kobe had shaq in his prime while wade had shaq on the decline..
random NBA lover::Kobe surrouned by better talent explains 5-2 title advantage.
nba is the worst::That explains kobe's 5 -2* titles advantage
dwyanewadeblockedyourfavoriteplayer3.0::Wade knows how to help a team win, Kobe knows how to chuck up shots.
Heat_Master_Sage::whatever helps you sleep at night.
random NBA lover::do people really believe sitting guys from playing 30 minutes in Novemeber will really help them become more fresh around playoff time?  It is just way Pop shows respect to his most important players.
Heat_Master_Sage::I think stern is going to end up like godell if he does punish pop. Because stern hasn't done anything to teams who tank for the first pick in the draft
Heat_Master_Sage::honestly, had nothing to do with rest. it was a giant FU to stern
nba is the worst::Nothing to do with rest?  The Spurs on the road 20 days in November. Big game on Saturday night.  You don't seem to have thought your analysis through.
random NBA lover::it's why I don't care that he got fined or for anyone crying about it
Kobah-Bryne::Maybe the fans should stop going to the games, stop watching on TV, stop buying merchandise and vote against using their taxes to build new stadium, then we will see what happens...
random NBA lover::Greg knows not to sit the big three at Spurs' home games.  Cheat fans on the road, not the home fans.
