CosmoKramer1444::Lou Williams,Speights for Al,Watson. Ship Harris or play Lou at the 2.
CosmoKramer1444::Favors is going to be an all-star.
ryensgin::How bout a little love for Josh Howard last night?  He's a lot smarter than CJ and plays better D can also get his own shot.  He's a little rusty but there is still good chemistry with him and harris.  Starting lineup should feature Hayward at 2 and Howard at 3.  With CJ and Burks coming off the bench that should leave no minutes at all for Raja Bell which would be helpful
tmrasmuson38::Ty Corbin needs to see what the rest of Jazz fans see... Bench Raja Bell!!!!! He doesn't do the team any good.  our starting line up needs to be: 1. Devin Harris 2. Gordon Hayward 3. Josh Howard 4. Paul Milsap 5. Derrick Favors  Hayward is more of a two guard I feel and matches up better with other 2's in the league, and Howard showed a lot of good things last night in that line-up...
chazzzzz1965::.........and another season of mediocrity begins....
augie7107::Why was Meeks on the bench when we needed a long range shooter late? Poor job of coaching by Mr. Collins in this loss.
CosmoKramer1444::Exactly, Meeks is by far a top 5 shooter in the league.
GsU -3000-GsU::double double Millsap #Grambling
LSU-ULL-Saints-Hornets::#thisisnottwitter
mmostello::Same old Sixers. Nice loss to a trash team. And these owners wonder why nobody goes to any games. STOP LOSING TO TEAMS LIKE THE JAZZ! Also, would it kill Igodala to play like he's getting paid?
goalie1113::sixers have a legitimate shot to win their division. boston is old/struggling... the knicks have made some  big changes... while the sixers return the same exact team... and are healthy/young for the short and compact season.
cougarfromouterdarkness::You two are pitiful, haha nice attitude
bkahl34::3 games in and I'm already starting to lose the little interest I had...
phils win phils win::now you guys feel dumb
drdlh1::Yeah, I drunk the kool-aid after the Sixers win the night before. They're going to have to go on a 5-game winning streak for me to gain even a bit of interest back, and that ain't happenin anytime soon!
TAC0REV::Lots of great things about the Jazz game tonight, wish we could have seen some Burks. Bench Bell!
TAC0REV::I can only assume (and hope) that Corbin is just giving Bell minutes because he feels obligated to give the veteran a chance before moving on to the rookie. There really is no other explanation, Bell literally brings nothing to the table
gplayle::You didn't comment at all on the "Where is Burks" thread on the boards. There was some good comments on that one. I think Burks needs time also. Like others have mentioned, I don't know what Corbin is thinking with that.
Garpo1964::Nice to see Utah get its first win of the year.   Wonder if Jazz should have sent Jefferson to the Nets rather than Okur?   Jefferson seem to be like the black hole in that he can not pass a lick.  The Jazz start to just stand around after the ball goes into him.   He might be a good player for a different style of team but just does not seem to fit in well with the Jazz .
sjmcb160::I agree. Good, but not for Utah.
AceyUT::jazz need to run the floor.. jefferson prevents that.. so does harris at times. but he ran that offense in dallas well.  favors is the real deal. that is all
sjmcb160::ESPN says Raja Bell is shooting @ 40%. I don't buy it
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Sixers need to win the next two games.
The Denver Teblows::When Raja Bell is your SG it's gonna be tough to win too many games haha
ut32to12::Every Jazz fan should agree with that idea.  You should talk with Ty Corbin and get him to buy into the idea too.
The Denver Teblows::What do Utah fans think of Gordon Hayward?
sjmcb160::Decent role player with hustle and I think he can become a good defender if he chooses to work on that part of his game
rbmw263::love him as a player, i just think his ceiling is a poor mans Ginobli
gplayle::Really? A poor man's Ginobili? I don't think you know what place Ginobili was drafted. 2nd Rd, 28th. No one thought he had a high ceiling either. Hayward has a higher ceiling than you realize.
adam_keefe_fan::Gordon plays with more heart than Harris, Bell, Miles, and Jefferson combined and multiplied by 10. He doesn't want the team to be a drafter, he wants to win. I love that about him.
gplayle::You tell us. You said he looked good when you have watched him. Besides, I think I already answered that question.
adam_keefe_fan::Yeah. He can light it up pretty fast, he's making better decisions, and he doesn't seem to be intimidated by anyone not named Deron Williams.
The Denver Teblows::Does he have the talent tho?
gplayle::What do they not think of Gordon Hayward should probably be the question. Even though he was booed draft night, Jazz nation loves Hayward and wants him to be a stud like he has shown he can be.
TAC0REV::Kanter is an amazing rebounder already, plays hard on D, and has some great offensive footwork and moves that just need some polishing. He's only 19. In three or four years, he will be one of the best big men in the league
The Denver Teblows::He looks pretty good when i've watched him play. His shot looks nice but wasn't hitting the game i saw him against the Lakers. Kanter looked terrible tho lol
adam_keefe_fan::Love him. Adore him. Wish we had five more of him.
adam_keefe_fan::Look at that...they won, and Burks didn't even play! But...Favors did start. Him and Hayward are total studs, and with an excited Millsap there appears to be heart in this team (or maybe its just that Jefferson didn't play...).  Anyway, excuse me while I eat some crow.
Curdledprism1::I think big Al's girfriend bit him really hard and it has become seriously infected.  I think he is dealing with serious emotional issues right now and it shows in every interview I've seen.  He just sounds depressed.  They should allow him some time to get his persoanl life up to speed.
ut32to12::Injured or not injured, Jefferson should still be benched in place of Favors.
gplayle::I mentioned this to a friend earlier. He didn't even know Al was hurt.
adam_keefe_fan::Am I a bad person for suspecting that Jefferson's injury is actually an "injury"?
ut32to12::Im going to say its because Favors started in place of Jefferson
scow79::IMO it's because Jefferson didn't play.  Enjoy the crow.  Haha
joecannon3::The only way the Jazz will ever win games with Devin Harris running the point is if they literally run teams out of the gym. Corbin needs to quit trying to be sloan and run with some new school razzle-dazzle run till you make the other teams sick. Thats the only way we have a shot at the playoffs.
joecannon3::hahaha another top 10 pick does sound nice. I would just like to see the Jazz run up and down the court. Watching them like they were in the first half is as bad as watching the Utes play basketball. By the way don't we have the warriors top pick as long as it's not a top 7 pick?
sjmcb160::definitely new territory for the Jazz. It's about time.
scow79::I don't know about you guys but I don't want to be stuck playing for the 7th-8th seed every year.   I either want to be a contender or a bottom dweller for 2-3 years.   You don't want to be .500 in the NBA
ut32to12::Couldn't agree more. Lets suck one more year and then decide to make a run for the playoffs.
NiteOwlMom::How did we wind up with Favors and Kanter? Did we draft them both?
scow79::We got Harris, Favors, Kanter and Golden States 1st round pick next year or the year after depending on where it is.   All for D-Will
NiteOwlMom::Well, we did pretty well with that then :) ... I was really super busy last year, and since the Jazz weren't on TV much, I just didn't follow them last year.
ut32to12::Kanter #3 pick this years draft. Favors #3 pick last years draft via NJ.
JazzFanFromINDIA::lol...We Got Favors in the Dwill Trade and Drafted Kanter This Year :)
NiteOwlMom::Pennsylvania :)  .... Sorry, I haven't followed the Jazz in the last year. Just started up again this season.
JazzFanFromINDIA::Where in the World You Are ??
JazzFanFromINDIA::http://games.espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=84vgh66
JazzFanFromINDIA::Monta Ellis is each year's Trade Subject .
ut32to12::The warriors would never bite on that one.
rbmw263::If Kanter ends up developing, the Jazz would still be a star guard away from legitimate contention.  Burks seems to have the potential to be that player.  thats the most frustrating thing about this Raja situation.  We NEED Burks to become that guy. (or lose every game so we get Barnes/Jones)
scow79::Hopefully Kanter develops, Burks develops, we still suck enough to get a top 5 pick.   Somehow Barnes or PJIII's draft stock drops and we select one of them, then we finally give up on the CJ Miles project.  We trade Jefferson for another decent defensive big and a future 1st rounder.  Oh and somehow we get a good PG who can run the show.  As long as I'm dreaming let's throw in about 4-5 championships over the next 10 years.  I'm not greedy
gplayle::See, you said the same thing I said. It would be awesome to get other Barnes or Jones, but just a solid SF would do. Freak, the 76ers are loaded at the SF spot.
gplayle::I can't be for sure, but I think the Jazz need a different big other than Al. We also need to SF and keep Hayward at the 2. I think Burks can develop more of his PG skills, but we need either Harris to return to form, or another PG. If those things are met, 1 year we can start contending.
ut32to12::Burks should never play PG.  It would be a surefire way to get Harrison in the draft.
rbmw263::and even then we'd need him to be a solid 6th man
StockonToMalone::Al Jefferson's best defense is when he doesn't show up
van.muhle::Chuck's Golfing Skills &gt; Raja Bell
scow79::Neither one plays any defense
van.muhle::Tim Tebow &gt; Raja Bell
scow79::This Raja situation is like taking a knife into a gun fight.   You might have a loaded gun in it's holster, but you're too stubborn to check, so instead you just shrug your shoulders and get taken down while holding the knife.
StockonToMalone::Jazz's 4 starters: 68 points, Raja Bell: 3 points
van.muhle::If Raja was a cheerleader,   he would be at the bottom of the pyramid...
van.muhle::Anyone care to explain why the $@% Burcs cant seem to get minutes over RAJA "I score 4 points in 28 minutes" BELL
bmpma::they should get a rotion down with hayward burks and a few minutes to miles leave bell out the hole game
van.muhle::no include him,   with the Jazz dancers and pom poms
69davidmh::simply put Bell is there for veteran leadership and to keep the locker room together and everyone working together. the jazz are in their "teenage" phase. have you ever tried to control a teenager? It could blow up in a big hurry.
rbmw263::he can do that from the bench
van.muhle::If they are in the teenager stage then Raja is the friend in the group of friends that everyone hates but no one says so,  and if your telling yourself that no one in your group was hated like that,  it was you...
ut32to12::I will take results over leadership any day of the week
ut32to12::Maybe somebody should ask Sloan.  Corbin is a terrible coach.
supe540::Raja's a "coach on the floor."
StockonToMalone::because raja is allstar quality
van.muhle::Raja gives good ankle rubs
sjmcb160::Well, he was a little rough with Jefferson's  then
rbmw263::he missed 3 wide open 15 footers tonight. and hes a "shooter", or was...
69davidmh::they are still a young team and have a lot of maturing to do but they will still be fun to watch this year, and if they develop like the experts say, you will see a young team turn into a great team for a long time to come.
bmpma::we dont want ak back that would take minutes away from the youngs
ut32to12::with the money from AK47's contract and getting rid of Jefferson. They have some major buying power.  They could pretty much buy anybody they want
scow79::Haha
JazzFanFromINDIA::Burks ....15 points in 9 minutes....
JazzFanFromINDIA::Good Sarcasm
jcoebatty::Old man raja develop? is that a typo?
scow79::We have to see if Raja Bell develops before we can give Burks a chance
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::and a developing burks is lightyears better then raja bell
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::that was garbage time...but i agree that burks has potential
clingerk::i completely agree give us 2-3 years we will be contenders
scow79::They still need a Durant to be OKC
jcoebatty::future OKC
NiteOwlMom::So how did Big Al get injured?
bmpma::maybe that will let the swelling go down in his big head!!!
SWWeatherGuy::He found out he wasn't starting and his ankles swelled up.
bmpma::again thats twice this month lmao
JazzFanFromINDIA::His Girlfriend Was arrested before for the same .
NiteOwlMom::What??!!! Seriously??? His girfriend???
supe540::She's 6'4 225.  He messed with her.
van.muhle::shes a biter,  seriously though, who does that?
scow79::Girlfriend attack
JazzFanFromINDIA::He Jerked this morning
JazzFanFromINDIA::Big Al is born with a curse of Being on a Losing Team or rather Making a team a LOSING Team !!! :P
sjmcb160::Back to Jazz reality tomorrow
clingerk::not yet but i see us as contenders in 2-3 yrs
van.muhle::yeah well enjoy it while it lasts,  UTAH JAZZ NBA CHAMPIONSHIP
bmpma::if the jazz can hit there shots and keep moving the ball they might be able to hang with the spurs oh wait the in san an  never mind
drdlh1::Frustrating team to root for. When I saw how bad the Jazz looked against the Lakers the other night, I figured the Sixers would easily take care of this team. Looked good early, but then they just let teams back in the game. It's going to be deja vu all over again with them this  year.
StockonToMalone::You can tell the jazz were playing  better as a team without jefferson. They were running plays instead of Al running an iso play and randomly chuking it up.
scow79::We need to get Big Al's gf to attack him again so he'll sit out tomorrow nights game as well
van.muhle::Grape Jelly + Big Al's thigh = more minutes for Favors
van.muhle::Utah should ship out Big Al, Devin Harris and their trade exception for a point gaurd that can distribute the ball, ala Rondo.  Both Big Al and Harris stop the ball from moving and have too much of a score first mentality
rbmw263::we are desperate for a pass first pg.  I almost feel our offense will never be (consistently) successful without one. we need a facilitator
van.muhle::the flex system is based on movement and Jefferson and Harris are the anti-thesis of ball movement, look at our assist numbers since both players came aboard, waaaaaaay down.
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::i agree...this team is a good pg away from being good. and a pg would help accelerate our youth by giving them the ball in good postions
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::big al for jimmer!  actually, throw cj and harris in there too. you might say, "whoa, that's way too much!" but that's addition by subtraction in my books
NiteOwlMom::Yeah, Clippers have a PG glut. Maybe we could get Mo Williams back!
van.muhle::maybe Bledsoe from the Clippers, he looked good last year and is just rotting away in LA now that hes the 4rth pg in the rotation.
NiteOwlMom::Kings won't be that dumb. They like Jimmer!
jcoebatty::O snap, brilliant... O connor's job might be in trouble! haha
JazzFanFromINDIA::Thumbs Up for that Deal !!
Utah_Dirtbiker::Good luck this year till we play again Philly fans. I'm out.
sjmcb160::Win too many games and the Jazz lose long-term. OKC and SAS (small market teams) had to really suck to get Durant and Duncan. It is unfortunate, but the system is what it is.
jcoebatty::The nets giving all of their future assets in the D-will trade helps too
wasted_101::PHILLY IS BAD, HOW DO YOU LOSE TO THE JAZZ
van.muhle::yeah, oh wait
supe540::....and Philly brought their A game!
JazzFanFromINDIA::I m glad that Nets are losing ..lol D-Will back to Utah in 2012 .
rbmw263::Dwill and Favors would win championships
themagyar76::Steal of the century if we can ship guys back to NJ for DWill.  NJ has to be desperate.  With Lopez trade value dropping, making Howard not likely coming, they know he's walking when the seasons over.  I'd laugh if Jazz can get him back and end up with DWill, Favors &amp; Kanter!  3 #3 picks for nothing.  Heh.
jcoebatty::he's goin home to dallas
van.muhle::ill second that, Dallas might try to bring both Dwill and Howard in in 2012, and I will hate Mark Cuban even more...
JazzFanFromINDIA::We Need a PG who can give some dimes ......i dont like DWill egoistic nature though !!!
NiteOwlMom::I love D-Will ... It's not his fault he got traded. He looked awesome tonight against the Hawks. Wish we still had him!!!
sjmcb160::...and he looked terrible last night
scow79::I think Utah already did get out like thieves in the night
van.muhle::If D-will leaves NJ for another franchise,   the nets are screwed and Utah got out like theives in the night
Jazzfan876::He only stays if Howard goes there...
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::boo...who wants his dumb @ss
SoCalSteel79::Why is there an NBA franchise in Utah? What a joke. What's next...Vermont?
bmpma::why is there 4 in cal what a joke whats next 3 in okl
NiteOwlMom::Nice that you've added chauvinism to your bigotry, SoCal ... You've got the two-fer going for ya ... I'm sure that impresses the ladies.
jcoebatty::haha.. so so bitter. good luck trying to win your money back on the next game
Utah_Dirtbiker::This guy is a clown just trying to $@%! people off.
SoCalSteel79::StocktonToMalone? You are the reason abortion should be legal.  StreetMomOwl...no one values a woman's opinion outside of making food and grabbing me a beer.
themagyar76::says the guy who still only has Momma bringing him beer and making him food.  Good luck getting a real woman with that attitude.
StockonToMalone::Why do dumba.sses live in southern california?
NiteOwlMom::Utah is one of the best franchises in the NBA for a small market. Made the playoffs for 23 out of 26 years.
ut32to12::The 96-99 jazz was epic.  It takes a while to build back a team like that.
van.muhle::Your crying on the inside, its okay,   get a real job and you wont have to waste your money gambling and being bitter all the time
supe540::Sixers pull in 4000 fans a game.
Jazzfan876::If that.  I lived in Philly for a while, and always got front row (or close) seats for less than $100 each...
jcoebatty::did the joke just beat Your team?
probob38::The Jazz regularly draw higher attendance than the Lakers: fact.
scow79::Probably bc the community supports the team and they have had 28 straight winning seasons before last year
Jazzfan876::Utah has 3M people.  Vermont has less than 1M...
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::how about big al, cj, harris for rubio or someone...on the surface it looks like the jazz are giving up a lot...but those are all of our team killers  thoughts?
bmpma::The t-wolves dont want big al thats why they gave him to us
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::rubio was just an example
jcoebatty::every other gm will know they are team killers. I'd hang up on any offer involving cj
rbmw263::If i could ask Corbin ONE question, it would be what the hell he thinks Raja Bell contributes while he is on the floor.  shooter who cant shoot and a defender who is too old to defend
clingerk::i agree 18 min is to many
willbdds::That's why he only played 18 min tonight!
rbmw263::18 minutes too many..
bmpma::get a rotation of hayward howard burks and miles and let bell sit
bmpma::I like the line up of harris hayward howard milsap favors  and i think they should let hayward sit and put burks in there
scow79::Hayward and Burks should be playing the 2
clingerk::burks isn't ready yet, but move hayward to the 2 and start josh howard. Raja is pretty much worthless
NiteOwlMom::Burks should be getting big minutes at the 2.
Jazzfan876::Force Favors to develop good help defense?
Jazzfan876::I wasn't trying to imply that he was bad.  He's definitely the best defender on the team.
SWWeatherGuy::Favors was one of the better Jazz defenders on the floor tonight, help or not.
bmpma::WE SHOULD TRADE HIM AND BIG AL TO THE NETS FOR SOME DONUTS MMMMMM LOL
ut32to12::Favors is the Jazz's guy.  He is the future of the Jazz.  He is already better than Jefferson and its only year 2.
scow79::And he's only 20.   Malone was 23 before he started performing at a high level
Utah_Dirtbiker::Malone is exactly who the Jazz should have helping Favors. I don't know why they aren't asking him to. Malone said he would help on a part time basis if he was asked.
sjmcb160::Jefferson should be traded to the Nets. After all, it was D-will who said that he'd make Jefferson an All-Star
clingerk::hes better than bell
clingerk::we should trade big al and raja for igodala and a pick, it would work out for both teams
themagyar76::nah.  Like Iggy's game, but can't hit enough free throws...
van.muhle::On that note the Jazz should trade Jefferson, serriously though, Hes a block hole on a offense that is based on ball movement
bmpma::WE SHOULD TRADE BELL AND BIG AL TO THE NETS FOR SOME DONUTS MMMMMM LOL
JazzFanFromINDIA::hahaha ...On The Mark !!!
ricandragon3::even some utah fans thought they were gonna get blow out, now they are confident lol
clingerk::once kanter gets his offense down, him and favors beastly down low
themagyar76::I know &amp; accept we're a lotto team this year--so yeah makes these wins a nice surprise.  I'm spending the year just enjoying watch Favors and Kanter develop, and even if the Jazz woulda lost tonight, both those guys looked awesome.  Favors will be a beast in this league--
Utah_Dirtbiker::A blowout at home against the Sixers? No, I never thought that would happen. I thought it would be a tough game, like the season will be. I was right. Big suprise.
sjmcb160::No one is confident, but I suspect some are hopeful.
scow79::I think you are mistaking happy for confident.   I think Jazz fans realize we're going to have a long season
probob38::Exactly.
scow79::Man the Sixers fans were cool up until they lost the game...
JazzFanFromINDIA::Jazzfan876 is always pissed when Jazz wins .
Jazzfan876::Not quite.  I am only ever pissed in my life when the Jazz win.
kkawesome50::haha why?
Jazzfan876::We need some good lottery picks.  Otherwise we will peak at the second or third round of the playoffs...
kkawesome50::jazz fans would be mad too if they lost
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::^ hey, we're gonna have plenty of losses this season so just enjoy these few wins we do get
Jazzfan876::I'm kind of pissed that we won...
Frank Reynolds is back 4::No we still are it was a good game
TheNextNaterobinson::What Happened to burks?  Why didn't he play?
TheNextNaterobinson::Oh yeah forgot.  He dropped 3 points no wonder they didn't throw in a guy who put up 15 points in 10 minutes.
scow79::A question Jazz fans are going to be asking all season it would seem
Jazzfan876::Did you forget that we have NBA Superstar Raja Bell on the team?
supe540::KOBE STOPPER!!!!
kkawesome50::same story as last year, the sixers need to close out games! They lost so many games last year by 4 points or less!
SoCalSteel79::I honestly hope Utah loses their pathetic franchise...cost me big tonight. $@%! you mormon trash
clingerk::hey stockon he is just a moron, he doesnt know at all what hes is talking about
srjonesy_09::"$@%! you mormon trash" ? Joke or not, what is up with that comment? Highly uneducated, and bigoted to say the least. Good luck in life with that kind of short sighted ignorance. Ever met one of the 14 million members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints that selflessly serve their communities around the globe? "Trash" certainly wouldn't be a very accurate adjective. Best of luck to you sir.
SoCalSteel79::NiteOwlMom...nice screen name...was "working Girl" or "Street Trick" taken?
Utah_Dirtbiker::That's why it's called gambling dumb@ss. SOCAL TRASH.
NiteOwlMom::So Cal ... where most people have the good sense to move AWAY from ...
SoCalSteel79::Real career? Listen, just keep the customer service flowing at Best Buy. I live in CA...you know, where wages are 4x what you make in a month.
SWWeatherGuy::And cost of living x10
jdoggjiggajigga::How much does McDonald's pay you in a month?
TheNextNaterobinson::Umm Utah Jazz has nothing to do with mormonism.  They are a basketball team in Utah.  Doesn't make them afilliated with mormonism.  Look in the mirror sometime and you'll be surprised what trash you see.
StockonToMalone::If you had a real career you wouldn't have to bet. Not everyone in utah is mormon
SWWeatherGuy::Mormons &gt; SoCalSteel79
SoCalSteel79::NiteowlHOOKER...I hope you lose your kids to the state and your WIC checks go back to my paycheck. s l u t
NiteOwlMom::Obviously you missed the Saturday Night Live reference to Chris Farley .... I'm guessing that you are not that bright.
probob38::Wah, wah, wah, waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah.
jcoebatty::That you're a tool?
SoCalSteel79::I will just smile and wink because you know what I am thinking (along with everyone else).
NiteOwlMom::I hope you lose your house and wind up living in a van by the river ... And stop bashing on people's religion, you bigot!
Frank Reynolds is back 4::That was horrible
supe540::Good solid comments.
ricandragon3::shows how often the jazz wins when they celebrate like they just won a championship
probob38::Don't flatter yourself, the Jazz always drop confetti after a win. Even when a 50+ win Jazz team would whoop on a 50+ loss Sixers team.
ricandragon3::i was content with it until the confetti, i mean cmon Utah!
Utah_Dirtbiker::The Jazz do the confetti thing often. Probably did today because of it being the home opener. You just don't know it because you never see them play.
StockonToMalone::Are you serious? 22 of the last 24 seasons have been playoffs ones. Way to be a sore loser.
scow79::They only do that when they beat the Sixers, which is once a year
NiteOwlMom::Seriously, that's all you got? You don't like how the fans celebrate their home-opening win? LOL
kkawesome50::haha ikr!
PresleyCutchTabata::the Bobcats and TWolves are significantly better than the Pistons
What The Hell 9330::So the Heat should have won by ONE bucket?
jdoggjiggajigga::Dang it Utah you are ruining your chance at getting PJIII.
scow79::My vote is for Barnes and to not resign CJ
Jazzfan876::Because they won 1 game?  I think they will be fine...
Phillybuckeye123::Sullinger!
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::k :)
Phillybuckeye123::K then the sixers can have him
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::boooo...they already have too many bigs
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::it's all about barnes
rbmw263::I dont know man....Jones is like Favors with a perimeter game
jdoggjiggajigga::That would be fine too. A few more of these W's and the Jazz will miss out on both of them.
Tyler Christensen::i'd be happy with rivers
