Eric Hines::definitely the bobcat's.  much like the panthers, seems like all fans of the teams we play are certain that they will crush us. No respect.  Guess we gotta earn it.
Chris Del Motley::Not true I'm a Bears fan and the Panthers got my respect could easily make it to the nfc title game. Want to see the saints game to see how u guys matchup
Bill Mace::Gerald Wallace will be a plus for the Celtics before the season is over.. just has to settle in and will thrive when Rondo hits the court.. RTR
Gnosis Kardias::Great Win My Team Celtics... (Y)
Ethan Menard::Taylor Wells  The University of North Carolina at Greensboro - UNCG celtics are nothing without rondo Reply  Like  Unfollow Post  8 hours ago  where's this tool at?????????? go celtics!!!!!!!!!
Daniel Richmond::Lol @Eric Hines. Wth are you talking about? Its you annoying Yankees that feel like your sports teams are unstoppable!! Just look at the red sox. You sound salty since Carolina beat your cheatriots and Bill belicheat lmao
Chelo Mejias::kiss brady's 3 rings squid
Daniel Richmond::@chelo mejias I won't be kissing anything but your mom
Chelo Mejias::Daniel Richmond   Sorry to disappoint you, but my mom doesn't kiss girls
Sean Cooper::Nooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!! Dont Do it C's!!  #90sFlasBack #Wiggins #TeamTank
Daniel Richmond::As you can see, I clearly didn't direct the initial comment your way. Now go run yourself into a wall. Please. For all of us
Chelo Mejias::I see you had dinner with your sister at chillis, she's looking real good. Put in a good word for me Sailor!
Chelo Mejias::Soft hearted for women, yes i am. I'm not asking your sister to date a pussy...i'm asking her to date someone with a dick, like me. And you brought up family first, not me. All jiving aside, thank you for your service
Ethan Menard::i love these "celts are nothing without rondo" tools. must not watch celts games. anyway lets go green i got my beers ready
Taylor Wells::not in to watching teams that can not win
Ethan Menard::then why are you currently commenting on a celts/'cats board???
James Creed::Chalk this loss up too the coaching staff.... It would take a blind man to leave Sessions in the game that long.
Chelo Mejias::He's been the bobcats only legit CONSISTENT threat, give him a break lol
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::for the love of god.. pls get rid of sessions... the guy is single handly costing cats the game
Joshua Hsu::"Sessions throws it to no one in particular", Celtics announcer.
Ethan Menard::hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!! i'm listening to csn too
Stephen Dick Jr::Celts are becoming the most bipolar team in sports.
Chelo Mejias::That just means half the time, teams are scared of the c's
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::celtics should thank ramon sessions for this win
Chelo Mejias::No, they should thank their defense for forcing missed shots and turnovers
Neshat Rowhani::come on its only the bobcats.
Neshat Rowhani::good win by the celtics.
Ethan Menard::don't jinx us bro!!!
Capital D Musiq::why coaches over play a CLEARLY struggling second unit who got TORCHED in the second q... between minutes 36 - 42 in a close game, Something ill never ever understand about the NBA...... Boston left the primary scorers on... they win the game. Happens all the time in the nba... Starters get a Team back in a contest, Reserves sub back in DESTROY the lead... and starters come back in down double digits over n over n over again.
Joshua Hsu::is sessions always this bad or is does it look like he's intentionally not trying? all of his layups are short or banked off the side (i mean ALL four are not even close), bricking a free throw by a lot, and the spin move where he just handed the ball back to the celtics defender? something is not right with him.
Joshua Hsu::why do teams with limited half court offense ability (i.e. no one can create their own shot and overall jumpshot percentage is terrible) not try to run and push the ball more? i'm looking at you brad stevens.
Kosal Le::At least next years draft will be loaded i hope they can get into the top 3. Wiggens, Parker or Randle are game changer well worth having rebuilding season.
Ron Midgette::rather have Randle, Parker, then wiggins.
Joshua Hsu::anyone watch extensive zeller brother basketball? do they both look completely outmatched and a step slow in the NBA?
Matt Clark::stunned..never expected the Celtics to come out better than Brooklyn after the trade.  well done guys
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::lmao kemba comes in lead decrease .. start of 4th.. kemba out .. session in.. lead goes back to 9. LMAO
Shanny Salcedo::gerald wallace with a career high as a Celtic...maybe he is a keeper after all
Bill Mace::Is a keeper.. just has to settle in and when Rondo hits the court he will thrive.. RTR
JCorey Wilde::Celtics survive the first quarter without to much damage done..
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::bobcats are always tanking every year by letting session in this game
