ShillJackson::Classiest thing I have ever heard about the Clippers-  they held a big Xmas party for local poor kids, and at the end announced that each family would have their January rent paid for
socialsatyr11::The JV game started at 12:30   VARSITY kicked off at 7:30.  Get used to it.
ShillJackson::The pros worked early and spent Christmas night with their families  the night shift missed dinner and came home to a dark house
oldsurfdawg::Could be....maybe they pulled double duty.  Didn't watch the stepchildrens game.
oldsurfdawg::Dream on puppies....Lakers were a buck below .500 and STILL had the ABC's #1 announcing team...  Lakers will always get love.....
ChargersBlazers::Didn't they have the same announcers?
Form a Baller here::If the Clippers don't win it all this year, I think Donald will close his wallet and start unloading the expensive players
ShillJackson::even if they do win  this is Sterling
09Skeet::This is true
Form a Baller here::Kanye Kardashian was in the building!
oldsurfdawg::Four words.  Go back to Diego
Nam3320::Lol nice one
AhhhShattAppp::Go back to Minneapolis
09Skeet::The Lakers can't leave because their 11 Larry O'Brien trophies won't fit on the plane
oldsurfdawg::Two words.  Zero titles.
westsidestory87::CLIPPERNATIONRISEUP
jlee3891::edit: JOINTHEBANDWAGON!
westsidestory87::I am 25 man.
Form a Baller here::says the 9 yr old kid
westsidestory87::No bandwagon here. Been a fan since I was 7 man. Its about damn time we put a end to the misery.
endless and nameless::only could the Clippers have a board about a 14 game winning streak be this dead.
Crazy Legz88::The Clippers win streak is overrated. Just look at the teams they have been playing.
AhhhShattAppp::Only trolls can say that.
jlee3891::The Clippers are the new SHOWTIME. The highlight of our season is beating the Spurs twice, or perhaps whooping the Heat. You mad?  -----  When you "whoop" on teams in the playoffs then everyone should be impressed. You  seem to need people to validate your success by your idiotic posts. I would wait until the season is over before proclaiming your awesomeness. Houston had a pretty impressive win streak and lost in the playoffs.
The Clippers are the new SHOWTIME.::<b>Haters' excuses...  "Same old Clippers" - best record in the league "Can't beat good teams" - 7-1 against division leaders "Can't beat bad teams" - check out some of the teams we've whooped during this streak "Can't play defense" - top 5 in the league in team defensive efficiency and team defensive rating "Vinny Del Negro" - Spoelstra and Scotty Brooks were "coaching" in the Finals last year "Rotations tighten in the playoffs" - the Spurs, Mavs, and Heat have won with depth in recent years  Any questions, haters?</b>
ShillJackson::"but, but, he is SUPERMAN" - Clipper fans, when it is pointed out that Paul has only played a complete season TWICE, and can only land on one leg.
ShillJackson::no, I act like he's missed time almost every year, like Bynum
smittywerb::not many players in the nba play complete seasons.  It's very rare you see smaller players last.  Seeing as CP3 is undersized, I can see him getting banged up a few times.  Only major injury he had was with the Hornets.  Everything else has been sprains &amp; aches, etc.  You act as if he's broken a leg every year.
jlee3891::Well I have to hand it to you. Your bandwagon has grown. Congrats it proves you might make out of the second round.
LivingUnwashedinLA::If they didn't have that Negro on the bench, I'd think they were a fav at this stage. But no matter what Chancey and Paul do, he will kill them.
ShillJackson::three words     Vinny Del Negro
ShillJackson::"it's incredible how much you can hook out of an asterisk"       --ShillJackson
The Clippers are the new SHOWTIME.::<b>Three more words:  Erik Spoelstra, Champion.</b>
The Clippers are the new SHOWTIME.::<b>"I put an asterisk next to the Heat's title because I don't like LeBron"  - ShillJackson</b>
ShillJackson::'I like my own posts'        --The Clippers are the new SHOWTIME
jlee3891::Come on now....not too long ago Clipper fans considered VDN as the wost coach ever. Yes even worse than Spo.   What makes you think he will make it work this time?
The Clippers are the new SHOWTIME.::<b>"WAAAAAAHHHH!!! MOMMY!!!"  - You</b>
ShillJackson::<b>*<b></b></b>
barcodedlife::Clippers have been amazing. Best team in the league at the moment by far.
Ustna9::Haters are scared and will continue in vain to find a way to de-legitimize this team...LMAO GOOD LUCK
coljetsfan::The LA teams have now won a comined 19 games in a row...Uh-Oh...
oldsurfdawg::Clippers need to go back to San Diego.
coljetsfan::It's a nicer neighborhood for sure
coljetsfan::The Clippers are the best team in the NBA.  They have the best bench in the league and are playing so consistent I think it will carry them far this post season.  They are a legitimate threat to win the NBA title.
ShillJackson::except, they are the Clippers.....
The Clippers are the new SHOWTIME.::<b>The highlight of our season is beating the Spurs twice, or perhaps whooping the Heat.  You mad?</b>
ShillJackson::easy there Sterling, when the highlight of your win streak is beating the Suns twice, you need to chill a bit     (and not like your own posts)
The Clippers are the new SHOWTIME.::<b>Yeah... best team in the league, best record in the league.  We are indeed the Clippers.</b>
tuala46::I thought this was gonna be a close game
oblique15::Next month we will see if they are for real. The 14 game winning streak is nice but no real good teams.
tuala46::We've played real teams before the win streak and won
gosufan::Clippers are here to stay for a long time.  They may not win it all this year (I hope they do), but they will be REALLY GOOD for years to come!  Lakers are playing better past few games,  however, they NEED to rebuild sooner or later, hopefully sooner.   We have the new team in LA.  CLIPPERS!
Jalfmar3::Having lived in Houston almost all my life, I have to say the Clippers are as much fun to watch as any team in the league. You all remind me of Phi Slamma Jama. Still, go Rockets!
mknoegel::When Matt Barnes and Crawford drop 20 you have no chance against this team.
All around rondo::Clippers=not even close to being a championship team yet.
gosufan::Yes, they are.
Budd1087::What game are you watching even Magic Johnson said this is the new showtime.
Zared2010::To all those who say the Clippers cant beat quality teams, u have ur head up your @ss. The Clippers are 7-1 against division leaders. They beat the heat, San Antonio, Lakers (easily), and they lost by 1 in overtime to the Thunder.
jlee3891::Not sure why you put the Lakers there......especially since most Clipper fans think they are overrated. You can't have it both ways. Either they are good and the Clippers beat them or they suck and it doesn't matter.
OmniVersal::That's all good and all but as long as you have Del Negro as a coach no one is taking that team seriously
MrBobbyBoucher9::The heat coach? suck my dick.
Marvo6564::clips wont beat the lakers again this year...fun time is over they beat em injured...totally diff story with nash back in the fold
gosufan::Granted Lakers are better with Nash back, but NOT BETTER than Clippers.  Clippers are here to stay for a long time. They may not win it all this year (I hope they do), but they will be REALLY GOOD for years to come! Lakers are playing better past few games, however, they NEED to rebuild sooner or later, hopefully sooner. We have the new team in LA. CLIPPERS!
big_east27::clips are for real bro, i know nash is back but the clips are solid and a very deep team
nate0143::Lol at omni. Lakers have 14 wins total. Clippers have a 14 game winning streak. Make it 15, maybe 16 but I think they'll drop one of the Utah games
TomSifuentes::Zared2010: how can you call someone an Idiot when you can't even spell GUESS!! your the idiot!
ChrisLA2010::if you're gunna be all picky about it, do it right.... YOU'RE welcome.
Zared2010::lol geuss what idiot, the clippers have more consecutive wins than the lakers have wins on the season LOL
OmniVersal::How is that possible when the Lakers have 14 wins?
Marvo6564::the clippers actually have fans?
rhjmagicain19::Haha...all of a sudden, Vinny Del Negro CAN coach!
charlie hustle bets the over::this game falls in line perfectly with how the nuggets season has gone so far.  nuggets score 100, defense gives up 110+.  7th most potent offense, 5th worst defense.  8 seed first round exit here we come!  (oh and it's fantastic nuggets have taken the thrown from the lakers as the worst FT shooting team in the league)
bubulldog141::Since when is a 12 point win a "rout"
Mavs 2013 Champions::did you watch the game?
charlie hustle bets the over::*2nd quarter
Mavs 2013 Champions::Clippers are a perfect example that all 29 teams will win a champions 1 day
Mister Met17::They have already locked up a playoff spot.  Regular season is meaningless
UK fan 4 ever::So Clip nation, how do  you like Eric Bledsoe? He was always one of my favorite UK players.
ShillJackson::the smart decision would be to let Paul go and sign Bledsoe   but this is the Clippers we are talking about
ShillJackson::<b><i>You mad?</i></b>
The Clippers are the new SHOWTIME.::<b>You're an idiot.</b>
mknoegel::He's going to get paid serious money and they won't be able to keep him.  Same with Mario Chlamers and the heat
everyones-sleepin-on-the-clippers::he's really great,defense,athletic,great energy,efficient,makes everyone better?
jratman1::If Hill is 80% of himself when he comes back and they get Billups back the Clippers could win it all.  Very, very deep team.
I dry gulched your mama::this streak will end when the Clips stop playing the Little Sisters of the poor every night ...
Gators_JHoots::how did CP3 not get MVP last year? and all the talk this year is LeBron and Durant... CP3 turned the Clippers into a contender THE CLIPPERS for god sake... Give him the MVP already
josho33::Idoit? Dude, spell correctly when you're insulting someone. Otherwise it backfires a bit.
I dry gulched your mama::maybe because Paul gets hurt all the time and whines like the little bi tch he is ...
ShillJackson::this
heat fan 4ever u mad::lbj ownes cp3 u fuc.k!$ idoit
heat fan 4ever u mad::clips u better destroys la next Tim  u play   I hate then n they sux
Doughboy Watts::greatest team in the history of the NBA
MKULTRA1414::Vinny Del Negro will still probably end up getting fired at the end of the season.  It's still Don Sterling's team.
SanJose Owen11::When I think of the Clippers, I do not think of a winning streak.
Call it as it Is::Check the attendance out yesterday. Clippers outdrew the Lakers. Even Laker nation is realizing,Clippers are the best team in LA
Marvo6564::nba is a conspiracy that will come to the light soon....
Marvo6564::clippers have won one playoff series in their entire history the world knows they need to be thanking david stern for the reason they are winning
SanJose Owen11::real sports fans know that the Kings are the best team in LA
jwbbaholic::why does George Karl not play Jordan Hamilton more? I went to college with this dude. He can ball
charlie hustle bets the over::because gk's best coaching days are behind him.
liltx2003::^^ignorance at its finest
Doughboy Watts::he can ball because you went to college with him?
jwbbaholic::to be honest Jamal Crawford = JR smith. But JR is more athletic and plays way better defense
charlie hustle bets the over::jamal's demeanor &gt; jr's demeanor   plus jamal is a way smarter shooter.
Super Bowl NFL 11 11 93::I honestly do not know how the Clippers ended up losing to the Nets or the Cavs.  I bet the second time they face each other, the Clippers will end up smacking both teams.
everyones-sleepin-on-the-clippers::look i'm  a clipper   fan,and  with  this  teams   chemistry and  joy  for  the  game,i'm   really  convinced that  they  have  the  pieces  to   win  a  championship,they  don't  even  have  a  much  experienced  coach  he  is  still learning,billups and  grant hill  are not  even  the  mix  yet,lamar,barnes,bled,and crawfor  are only going to  get  better,and  the  starters are  resting   more  then   any  other  starters,and  to  me  cp3  and  blake  griffin  are  a  great  dou and  will  make  a  statement  come  playoffs .watch  out  for  the  clippers  because  they  want  a  ring soo bad.
liltx2003::Learning as a coach..yes..but he has won a ring as a player so that helps
beergoggles45::What's crazy is they're not even halfway to the NBA record.
Super Bowl NFL 11 11 93::The Clippers will win 62 games tops.
ThunderHornz::Clippers are looking very formidable - playing good ball!
Barry Bonds GOAT::during this winning streak they've beaten great teams like....minnesota, utah and chicago  c'mon, they played some legit playoff teams before this streak and went 0-4  they're NOT an elite team. they are doing what the spurs did. spurs schedule started out soft and they won, then it got tough and they lost.   clippers' schedule started out tough and then softened up considerably. so now they're winning they're a good team, probably a playoff team when it's all said and done, but they're a rung below "title contender" status  OKC will come out of the west again because nobody else in the west is on their level and we say OKC get beat by the heat just like in the finals last year
Zared2010::Clippers are 7-1 against division leaders. They beat the heat, San Antonio, Lakers (easily), and they lost by 1 in overtime to the Thunder
liltx2003::This coming from a man called Barry Bonds GOAT..smh
CoconutFaninFlorida::UVO, play funk!
robert3711::Clippers is a good team and is the one team that can handle Miami but the thing about it is Clippers play in the west and they have to go through Spurs OKC, Lakers and other teams that i think will prevent them from making the finals
Super Bowl NFL 11 11 93::They beat the Spurs twice, but they lost to the Thunder.
wilcox1232::the thing that can hurt the clippers the msot is themselves. If they take bledsoes and crawford minutes and give em to billups your just hurting the team
