Steven Anacker::I wish we could go through one Rockets thread without it being taken over by all the pro and anti Lin talk.
Calvin Long::This character Leland Wong is probably a misnomer, some non-Asian masquerading his hate for Lin.  Without him, this board would be about the Rockets.
Joshua O'Bryant::I wish i have a as many millions that could fit in my pockets right now
Bruce S Hirsch::is it just me -the rocket announcers are really bad....clyde has nothing to say....just nonsense
Steven Anacker::I'm a Rockets fan and I totally agree. They're horrible. Clyde is a great guy and player. But horrible announcer.
Steven Anacker::I'm listening the the Hawks announcers right now, and I have to say they're pretty balanced. Definitely not big homers, which I respect.
Bruce S Hirsch::I miss walt frazier-------
Bruce S Hirsch::pb-28 minutes -1 assist..lin  4minutes-1 assist,,,,thats a problem
Jacob Murphy::Doesn't matter. Rockets- blowout win. Stats for anybody don't matter. How is that a problem.  Look at the scoreboard before you start spewing your hate.
Bruce S Hirsch::it does matter...Atlanta is a horrible team.....we blow them out without 2 of our top 4 scorers....this will not work with good teams as we have seen.....big picture Jacob..not a garbage time win over atlanta
Jacob Murphy::Yep. He's clearly going to do this every game and just completely suck and give no contribution. He just a waste of space at this point and deserves to be cut. You hear that patrick. Bruce thinks you won't play well against good teams. Well you tell em bruce, you tell em.
Josh Schwartz::This is so beautiful. The Rockets started off a bit shaky, but now every single player on their team is starting to play brilliantly. And, to top it off, all of them are important! Howard has a bad night? Just insert Asik! Lin and Harden get hurt? That's cool, let's let Garcia, Brooks and Jones take some of the load off the others. I mean, if the Rockets can play good defense like they did tonight, no one can beat them. They're so deadly on offense and they're so loaded, plus when you have a great coach knowing how to handle everybody, that's a recipe for success. The Rockets are easily with the Spurs, Blazers and Thunder right now at the top of the West (no disrespect to the Warriors or Clippers, but I haven't been impressed), and with the East just having two good teams (Heat and Pacers), it's fair to say the Rockets are one of the top five teams in the entire league. They're going to be fun to continue watching from here on out.
Leland Wong::Howard is the best center in the NBA right now hands down. 13 rebs and 15 pts a game and three block shots a game. Teams don't even dare driving down the middle, he has done a fantastic job.
Elijah Rochford::lol you do realize the dude still doesn't have a post game right?
Dennis Joya::^^there are like maybe 3 centers in the entire league that have a post game, so what's your point? Rockets have plenty of scorers to go around and Howard fills in with the rebounds and blocks.
Franzy Allen::Howard's good for for the price tag.. nahhh.  He's not a game changer.
David Aulds::With T-Jones now at Power Forward there is no need to trade Asik at all.  Asik will play a huge role vs certain teams and in the playoffs.  This team is really looking good!!!
Steven Anacker::Could we trade Asik for Greg Popovich? That's one I'd jump at.
David Aulds::Steven Anacker I like what McHale and Sampson have done with this team on both sides of the ball.
Steven Anacker::David Aulds I was mostly joking. It wasn't so much a diss on McHale as it was a compliment to Pops, who I think is the best coach in the league.
John Planich::beverly is overrated as s defender. in general guards have been destroying him. He had one good defensive game against conley and a bunch of bad ones against everybody else.
Jacob Murphy::Man why are you guys so hateful? BTW teague had 0 field goals tonight.
Dale Araki::Another win, more unhappy posts.  I worry about you guys - what happens if they actually start losing?
Joseph Hinna::I predict a rockets landslide victory, Howard will make a lot of the shots he takes and Harden will get his points. But, I will say, the rockets need to take better care of the basketball.
David Gabbay::Rockets are going to kill the hawks now that harden is back. 109 98 rockets
Alexis Morgan::Go Rockets!!! 11 - 5 time
Karl Heu::Alexis Morgan is a cutie
Kenneth Hooper::Karl Heu .....cute? between her and a lit match,this woman is the hottest!!! dont steal that playa comment.u heard it from me first.the originator.
Karl Heu::Kenneth Hooper LOL....Alexis is way hot.
April Cikstean::Nice margin on the win tonight! Go Rockets! Though the injury to JLin on top of the Harden injury's really worrying. Hope it's nothing serious.
Leland Wong::I know Rox Fans non Asians and Asians alike like Lin but just look at the stats of the last game. PB guarded Conley and Conley went 2-14 and Lin guarded Tony Allen he went 6-12, now you can see who is better at defense. Fifteen games have gone by and several months into the season( training camp, pre-season and now) PB definitely gets my nod over Lin. Be objective, turnovers and lack of defense lose games.
Karl Heu::Lin fueled the comeback in the 3rd period....wake up Leland WOng
Robert Wang::Beverly is good one on one defender but he is weak on PnR situation, since Mack Gasol injured, Conley will be less threat on his offense. People are really stupid to judge player by a single game. Not to say Beverly got beat badly by Kemba Walker, Lillard and even old Nash. I like him but stop making this stupid comment by trying to knocking other player down.
Smokee Doubleoseven::Lin is not a very good defender at all and Beverly is.  That is why Beverly starts.  Lin, who can make runs on offense, and sometimes put up a bunch of points in a hurry, is better coming off the bench when a few of the key scorers may be resting.
Karl Heu::Hope Jeremy is okay.....Aaron really stepped up last night.
Leland Wong::DW12 is the key to the Rox whether you like him or not. He anchors the defense, the man is much better than last year with the Lakers, 17 pts and 13.2 rebs and 2.3 blks what more can you ask from him this year. Last night's game they played was the best game they played all season and that is without Lin and Harden, two no defense players, so when they get back they need to focuse on "D"
Karl Heu::So you admit Lin is good.....Caught You !!!!! LOL
Leland Wong::Karl Heu JL has the potential to be better, right now PB is better but to be honest and truthful Lin has a higher ceiling. Lin is bigger, stronger and faster, he just need to transfer his academic IQ into court IQ.
Karl Heu::Leland Wong Just join the Lin bandwagon, I know you want to....Don't deny yourself the pleasure.
Eric Walter::I still think the Rockets will be ok at home tonight versus the Hawks, it'll be a closer game than originally thought, but I do still see the Rockets winning a close one. With Lin starting, you have only a small point drop off as far as his production is concerned. Also remember the Hawks have hit the road on the second night of a back to back, plus they are without two bench players and three point sensation, Korver. So, to Rockets fans, have faith and Go Rockets!!
Leland Wong::The main reason why Lin does not start when Harden is playing is because Lin does not play well with Harden, his PER is way down, and Harden is the franchise player of the team, we can not sit Harden nor adjust Harden's game for Lin who is very selfish. Beverly fits Harden better, he will deferred to Harden more. No Harden, not Rox playoff hopes.
Travis Antoin Williams::So Harden's ultra selfishness is acceptable because he makes more baskets?  His type selfishness makes his team worse and limits how far they will go.  When Lin is with Harden, he is not the selfish one, he passes up clear shots to feed others.  What games are you watching?
Craig Keller::that's what knicks said when carmello went down, harden down rockets win 3 in a row?
Robert Yang::Houston win 4 games without Harden this season....  Harden is much like Melo, great scorer, but does not make your team better....
Leland Wong::No he is not so Lin will start again, let us critics see what he can do against a good Hawks team. Will the PG and SG have a field day on Lin or Beverly .
Leland Wong::Their injuries are minor, JH will be back in a couple of days and JL will be back in a few days or at most a week.
Leland Wong::Steven, I am just speaking from the heart, the truth. The Rox played great tonight.
Josh Schwartz::You do know how to reply to your posts so you don't have to keep making new ones over and over again to fill up the page, right?
Leland Wong::Josh Schwartz It is best that we let the coach coach, McHale has done a great job. I agreed with what he has done.
Josh Schwartz::That's totally NOT what I asked, but okay.
Aaron Bray::the worst part about the Rockets 11-5 start? they really should be 14-2
Cheeno Orbida::I feel you brother. The Lakers , Philly and Mavs loss should not have happened.
James Garcia::Growing pains? By this time next year, they wont be losing those games. Bright future for this team.
Leland Wong::James Garcia W/o Harden and Lin, surprisingly they play great defense I thought.
Leland Wong::That means Lin may start again. I like to see how he does tomorrow--can he play defense  and can he protect the ball? I am not sold on Lin.
Pradeep Govindasamy::Lin is averaging 3.5 turnovers per game...4 assists....around 17 pts a game and when he plays 30 plus minutes their chances of winning also increases substantially.  James Harden is a really good player I hope he makes it back soon...as all basketball players are paid to play, but the only thing with him is his excessive turnovers and shoot first attitude, which I've seen him break through sometimes and become a giver.  Rockets are going to be a solid team with proper substitutions and team ball.  Go Rockets!!!
Leland Wong::Lin will be back on the bench where he belongs, Harden is coming back. Until he learns to reduce his turnovers and play defense he will be on the bench, not a starter.
Karl Heu::Yes, he will take his 16 points and 5 Assists coming off the bench......Dude, those numbers are astronomical for a 6th man......Bev doesn't have better D, he just moves around alot......Elite guards such as CP3 still do whatever they want to Bev.....I like Bev, but he's not on JLin's level as a ball player....overall
Calvin Long::Karl, you can't talk sense into a masquerading Asian hater.  They are fueled by hate, not intelligence.
Karl Heu::Calvin Long Great observation...
Steven Anacker::Great game with a lot of different players stepping up.
Bruce S Hirsch::pb----24minutes-1 assist..how can u do that
