dwainkit303::sorry to rain on the parade, the Lakers did not win this game, the Pacers choked it away both teams sucked terribly, mine just sucked worse
lakirz rock::There is a strong negative correlation between the minutes bryant plays and the likelihood of a laker win.
Mambaholic 33::Current and past history
kiyastep::Based on?
NASH_10::That's how great Kobe is dude only had to play the first quarter and STILL led his ball club to victory :)
rex_coach::Actual hoop discussion taking place... :)
soulsnake::i was ready to give the lakers some huge props today, but as i look  and see the pacers are about to lose to the sixers, i realize that the pacers are pretenders.  Still a great victory for the lakers, and i am one of their biggest critics.
NASH_10::It's the 2nd of a back-to-back for Indy. Lakers lose those as well :) remember Indy beat Miami twice already this season :)
kiyastep::Weird season even the Heat lost to Washington...
rex_coach::No doubt.
rex_coach::<b>the pacers are going away from what got them to where they are currently.  Getting the ball inside to David West...</b>
soulsnake::amen brother,  amen.  they certainly did.  i don't know why they were trying to post up hibbert against Dwight? it made no sense, why not post West and force howard to help and hibbert would get easy baskets.    BOTTOM LINE, I BLAME THE COACH AND DAVID WEST.
RNYC_125::Espn makes Kobe's ankle a story???  despite Kobe making comments after the game, Kobe wanting "revenge" Kobe tweeting pics of the swollen ankle. I'm not even a Kobe hater but that is unnecessary drama.   Kobe made this a bigger story than it needed to be.
kiyastep::So RNYC, why even mention it again? You don't want to hear it don't say a thing. This is why reporters mention it, people want to know or at the very least will respond to it.
rex_coach::<b>I agree.   I believe he wanted to league office to know about it without getting fined.  The next night George walked under Jamison and a foul was called.  </b>
kiyastep::Bronko 44 - kiyastep -- rex's comment was about Atlanta.  My reply was about the Atlanta loss.  That is relevant. The Hornets game is an entirely different subject. Kobe played well in that game. Kobe, LBJ, ... ALL players ... have good games and bad games.  The issue I have is when fans cannot be honest about that.  Kobe played poorly in Atlanta ... fans should accept that.  He's also had strong games ... his haters should accept that.  I feel the same too. So why do you mention one game as well, makes no sense. IN your reply you mentioned he had good games too. Here's what I know, even more than Howard, Kobe has shown up on more championship teams than any other player in the 2000s other than Robert Horry. But was Horry the focus, no! He had the fortune of being traded to chmpionship teams.
Bronko 44::kiyastep --- I mentioned the Atanta game because Rex mentioned the Atlanta game ... I was replying to his comment. You appear to be a Kobe fan, which is fine.  Otherwise you probably would not have begun talking about Kobe's resume over the past 10 years.  The Heat won last year ... that is now history.  Boston won in '86 ... that is now history.  I'm not focusing on previous seasons in these posts ... I believe we were talking about 2012-'13.
kiyastep::Yes we are talking 2012 - 2013 , where Lakers are barely at .500. Where you have a coach that averages .529 career winning percentage. Where you have a Dwight Howard that brought the drama that he started in Orlando over to Los Angeles at the beginning of the season. Howard that admittedly didn't run pick and rolls but finally learned. Where you have a 34 yr old point guard that is 3rd in the NBA in scoring. Where you have Steve Nash playing off the ball, because it works better. Where on ESPN you have people Kobe bashing...
rex_coach::<b>He also had the fortune of not being the "focal" point of defenses...  They didn't game plan for Horry.  BIG DIFFERENCE...</b>
rex_coach::Bronko 44 Rex ... your're clearly not a coach.  Kobe was 11-33 in Atlanta.  The dude missed 22 shots!  THAT'S why the Lakers lost....more ==================== <b>An over-site on my part...  Thanks Mr. Basketball...</b>
Bronko 44::OK ... so be it.
rex_coach::<b>some good discussion going on here...  I appreciate it.</b>
Bronko 44::I watched the game, so I AM tuned in.  And I'm not a hater.  Kobe had a run where he was playing very well ... distributing the ball, getting others involved, taking over point guard duties, double digits in assists while shooting 50%.  I watched nearly every game the Lakers played in Feb, pulling for them to get to the 8th seed.  Does that sound like a hater? However, I am objective.
rex_coach::<b>ok...  had artest and nash not missed those point blank layups and the lakers won, would 11 for 33 won the game?  just asking...  or did those missed shots cause them to also miss layups?  I'm not buying one player missing shots is the sole reason why the Lakers loss the game.  If that's biased, so be it...  </b>
Bronko 44::Dude, you are so biased it is unbelievable.  Kobe played poorly and they lost in Atlanta.  It's OK.  It happens.  Missing 22 shots did cost the Lakers that game.  I was pulling for Kobe to make the last shot ... he didn't.
rex_coach::<b> If Kobe was 0-33, then we could agree on that being a severe cause for the lakers losing.  Just a thought. ;)</b>
rex_coach::<b>How many  of those 11 got the lakers "back" in the game?  I love when haters watch the box-score vice the game.  You guys are tuned-in!</b>
Bronko 44::The most absurd headline ever ... Kobe played 12 minutes, went 0-4, and scored zero points.  He had no impact on this game.  Period.
kiyastep::Definitely a hater, had to respond to a post in the manner I wrote it. wasted post.... move on Bronko...
Bronko 44::Sorry kiya ... not a hater.  Just honest.  Howard, Blake, Nash, Metta ... they deserved credit for a HUGE road win.   You're embarrassing honest fans with your silly posts.
Bronko 44::Kobe was injured.  He clearly was unable to play.  But when was the last time you saw the first two paragraphs of a recap be about a player who scored zero points on 0-4 shooting? Kobe was not the story of this game.  Blake, Nash, Howard, and the rest of the team were the story.
kiyastep::No you're right on the floor, he didn't. With an ankle that swollen. But players did say he helped them with defensive strategies. Check out his ankle. Haven't seen a swell quite so big myself.  http://www.craveonline.com/sports/articles/461701-kobe-bryant-tweets-photo-of-gnarly-ankle
kiyastep::chocomil25 - how many times did kobe make the playoffs without another star? none, finals&gt;not even playoffs . naaa Dwight clogs up the middle and he is getting healthy, at the beginning he dint show signs that he could carry a team but he is regaining his health.  Howard couldn't carry in Orlando for 8 seasons. I don't get your point.
kiyastep::jaywilson84 - It isn't a coincidence that the lakers had their best road win this season when Kobe wasn't playing.  It's simple.  Kobe sits the lakers win as a team.  Just another way to state what has been stated before. 1 game doesn't make a rule. So bored with haters.
rex_coach::<b>they focus on "one" part of the game and they are all of a sudden all knowing and you'd better agree... lol  How about D12's FT % or the lack of transition defense or TO's...  I won't mention poor shooting or missing layups late in the game against atlanta.  I guess all of that is Kobe's fault...   Does Kobe take bad shots?  Heck yeah he does and has his entire career.    </b>
Bronko 44::kiyastep -- rex's comment was about Atlanta.  My reply was about the Atlanta loss.  That is relevant. The Hornets game is an entirely different subject. Kobe played well in that game. Kobe, LBJ, ... ALL players ... have good games and bad games.  The issue I have is when fans cannot be honest about that.  Kobe played poorly in Atlanta ... fans should accept that.  He's also had strong games ... his haters should accept that.
kiyastep::And Kobes was 14 for 21 at the hornets, and thats why they won. So that means?
Bronko 44::Rex ... your're clearly not a coach.  Kobe was 11-33 in Atlanta.  The dude missed 22 shots!  THAT'S why the Lakers lost.
rex_coach::<b>I totally agree with you and what you are saying.    My post was headed in a different direction.</b>
kiyastep::Shooting guards average lower than Say people who dunk.... to make 45% is a good average for a shooting guard. Yes there are some guards that do average more, there are those that average less. But think about it, how many shooting guards have such a long career and are even close to Kobe in total points?
rex_coach::<b>Please explain...  I'll continue as well. ;)</b>
kiyastep::Rex bad point ....
jaywilson84::It isn't a coincidence that the lakers had their best road win this season when Kobe wasn't playing.  It's simple.  Kobe sits the lakers win as a team.
chocomil25::ur an idiot, no one is saying that but look at who they beat and how well they played, when was the last time u saw that team ball by the lakers? can u even remember?
rex_coach::<b>name calling... How mature...  Grow up and we'll talk...</b>
rex_coach::
rex_coach::<b>based on the logic of this intelligent panel of brainiacs, the Lakers would have actually won 70 games without Kobe...  I love the internet!</b>
Bronko 44::Stupid comment, Rex.  Nobody anywhere on this board said the Lakers would win 70 games in a season without Kobe.  Fact is, the Lakers have won 34 games this year with Kobe.  If they could have won 35  of their first 66 games without Kobe, then they would have been better off without him.  Would this year's Lakers have won 35 of the first 66 games without Kobe?  Yes.
chocomil25::Phil Jackson doesnt just isolate Kobe, he finds a way to move the rock around, im not sure what D'antoni does, theyre too old to really play his style
chocomil25::these laker fans dont understand, there are two ways to win, 1) Kobe takes 40 shots a game and if hes on then u have a shot at winning , 2) Team ball and beat a team thats suppose to be Miami Heats possible kryptonite . these people are not laker fans, they are KOBE fans
kiyastep::Now thinking because Chocomil is singling out Kobe is that he is a Kobe hater.
jaywilson84::Phil Jackson is the only coach in the nba who knows how to put the reign on Kobe win as a team.
rex_coach::<b>Enough of this stupidity...</b>
rex_coach::<b>Does Kobe Bryant cause people to lose intelligence?</b>
beverly.pouget::No why would he.
rex_coach::<b>Read and be honest</b>
RNYC_125::Sick of Kobe's drama and tough guy routine. Shut up and Play or Shut Up and Watch kobe.
RNYC_125::At steely Dan so Kobe's comments? Kobe's tweets of the photo? Yeah that's all espn.
chocomil25::how many times did kobe make the playoffs without another star? none, finals&gt;not even playoffs . naaa Dwight clogs up the middle and he is getting healthy, at the beginning he dint show signs that he could carry a team but he is regaining his health.
chocomil25::he doesnt need to!!! this isnt the freaking cleveland squad that lebron left who sucked bad without him. they can hold their own without kobe, as the proved, and he can rest up and be superman for the playoffs, or else hes gonna get tired and blame it on how he did soooo much during the season and ran out of gas during the playoffs. He needs to stop trying to be Jordan'esk
kiyastep::Surface thinker indeed. They can win without Dwight too. Again what did Dwight do in Orlando? Absolutely nothing, just made finals once, and lost!
kiyastep::Trying to understand that comment, he plays through injuries or tries to.
SteellyDan::ESPN is the one talking it up, not Kobe... and the only reason they even say anything about it is because of fools like you who take their bait.
RNYC_125::The drama created around this one was way over the top. His comments the "out indefinitely" report the showing up and playing for 12 minutes. Just shut it and play or not
chocomil25::he needs to sit his $@% down and let the lakers create chemistry, which they dont do with him in there, when Gasol comes back, im sure they will be even better if Kobe is NOT in there
RNYC_125::That's false. Just b/c they won ONE game without him doesn't mean they are better w/o him. I have to hear the same ridiculous stuff re: Melo. Despite them being 33-19 with him this season and 18-5 with him last season When mike Woodson was coaching
rex_coach::<b>Lmao You are incredible...</b>
MCHummerr::If Kobe gets amnesty how many teams would actually try and pick him up?
brokenmouse::He would be on the TWolves like THAT
kiyastep::If, and that's a big if, for sure he would be picked up, about the price tag that comes with Kobe, it would have to be a team with a lot of cap space.
kiyastep::oops my bad misread. Lakers would have to pay Kobe but his pay would not count against the luxury tax.
beverly.pouget::A lot of teams would because they would only have to pay minimum salary, the lakers would still be responsible for the rest
brokenmouse::Someone out there tell me your team and tell me that you honestly don't think Kobe would make it a better team.
brokenmouse::He's got 5 rings. It's not like he's Luke walton with 2 rings for riding the pine.
beverly.pouget::I am not dumb Rex coach.
kiyastep::Sometimes on here Beverly, people react in wrong ways. Even though I disagree with you and think you are thinking only on the surface.
beverly.pouget::Kobe is the cancer, because he is not a team player, he has to take all the shots, everything has to be built around Kobe.  That's not how you build a team
kiyastep::I see your point, don't agree with it. He is a shooting guard. That's what they do, shoot. Kobe has a lot more assists this season. He took point guard duties away from Nash who is credited with sharing the ball this year. For the simple reason of Kobe can distribute the ball better because he would draw a double team to himself and be able to distribute the ball much better. This is what caused the Lakers come back from an 18-25 record.
rex_coach::<b>Lmao</b>
beverly.pouget::Yes my team are the Pistons, and he probably could help them but I don't want him on my team because he is like a cancer to a team. It's as simple as that
kiyastep::Rex? Not a good showing she is a person that is either hater and not admitting it, or doesn't believe he will be good for the team. In 2007 Pistons already had the trade figured out, but Kobe decided to stay with the Lakers.
rex_coach::<b>even piston fans are dumb...</b>
kiyastep::Who is like cancer? And how is he like cancer?
kiyastep::You can't pose a question like that on here. Example I know Lebron would give another team a different look, yet the Lebron haters would comment negatively.
MCHummerr::Maliboooooty!!!!
kiyastep::Kevin58238 - Western conference playoff picture, http://wp.me/p2g4xX-4W  Weak again, was from 2/7 when Utah was 8th and Lakers were 9th....Now Lakers are 8th and Utah is nine in fact Lakers are 1 1/2  games from 7th seeded Houston and 2 games from 6th seeded Warriors.
Kevin58238::Yes and the playoff seeds are still not set yet so will change everyday, the possible match ups are whats important.
kiyastep::I agree with the match up part.... Even San Antonio might drop games. So in other words, wait until the end of the regular season. Lakers were counted out of not even reaching 8th seed at all, yet they did.
kiyastep::scabbfan - 2/15 Lakers against .500 teams WITH kobe.  1/1  Lakers against .500 teams WITHOUT kobe.  2/15? from beginnning of the season which the Lakers started with an 18-25. 1/1 yesterday only... weak stat!
rex_coach::<b>Lakers win 34 w/Kobe and win 1 wo/kobe.  All of a sudden they are better without him...  The internet is great. ;)</b>
chocomil25::get a team to the finals at least, Lebron, Howard. Kobe couldnt even get his team to the playoffs when they dint have another star in there. they had players with raw talent, they werent trash, Kwame was the only trash player but Kobe was young and should have been doing what he is doing now, but there is no need for him to be putting up 30+ points now, too much talent around him for him to be doing that.
chocomil25::switch the supporting cast of the magic and lakers and see what happens, Kobe obviously needed stars, and dwight just needed role players. its much simple to play with dwight, what dont u get, they just go down low to him and he was banging bodies with one of the true centers in the nba in Hibbert who was getting physical with him. He shows he can hold his own when given the opportunity, but when kobe is in, nobody knows just what the heck kobe is gonna do. its like hes playing pickub games, no real ball movement most of the time. well obviously everyone has to play D, wtf, theyre not just gonna stand around and let Dwight pickup their players,  Dwights D comes in when guys like Russell Westbrook or Damian Lilliard, Tony Parker penetrate, he is the one to alter those players shots, not metta, not jamison, not clark.
rex_coach::<b>Who has ever done it alone?  Outside of Hakeem.  Tell me Mr. Basketball...</b>
chocomil25::Dwight is without gasol, and yet he led that team to a win yesterday? are u trying to help prove my point or what? give me a break, Metas defense is nothing if Dwight isnt in the middle , how many times have the lakers lost because no big was guarding the paint? think before u speak .
kiyastep::1 win? Seriously? Putting weight on 1 win is by no means proof. Lakers won 2 championships with a good center and Gasol. In 8 seasons what did Orlando win with Howard? Because of Blake and Jamison, who carried him at the beginning of the game they took Dwight out right after the technical. Most of Howard points came off of good passes that he could dunk. Guarding the paint? Last night Dwight had help in shot blacks, Blake had 2, that's right point guard Steve Blake. A good shot blocker blacks 3 blocks per game. Howard could altar some shots, as did Lakers good defense last night which hasn't been consistent, hopefully they could get their defense steady. Even Meta and Jamison altered shots.
chocomil25::laker fans are confused, they try to credit kobe when trying to say that kobe earned the rings more cuz of him than his team but then they try to credit their team when its convenient so im not even gonna argue championships with u flip flop argumentative fans. Like i said, they proved they are a good team, I believe they are good as long as dwight is playing, he proved he can carry an okay team when he went to the finals. as soon as he left that team sucked, similar to lebron in cleveland. Kobe has never done that. when he had a below average team, he threatened to get out of L.A hahaha
kiyastep::Dwight is without Gasol or Jordan Hill, Laker bigs, yes they need a tall man other than Clark, take meta's defense out of the picture even Dwight couldn't help them.  You give weak arguments, think it through. Not just surface facts that can appear to be right.
chocomil25::tell him to sit his $@% down then idiot, and see how team ball is played, obviously the lakers showed they have the talent for that. when kobe is in there all they do is stand around and watch him take on 2-3 defenders.
kiyastep::Kobe has 5 rings, he didn't win those himself.... Now now, we should wash your mouth out with soap, such foul language! Shows no low self-control!
kiyastep::Emil might be a Kobe hater. No doubt there are many on this blog.
rex_coach::<b>there are always plenty of Kobe haters.  I love it...</b>
Emil4617::lakers are a better team without kobe,and it showed...good win for them,but seriously lakers should have dominated with the way the pacers so-called played ball,they were clumbsy poor shooting sad turnovers poor management of play clock, WOW,did not realize how terrible they played......Still good win for  the lakers and I still do not like them,good luck to them just the same....
kiyastep::Based on 1 game? I have seen other teams go without their star player, i.e. Boston has dropped 2 places without Rondo in fact they had a winning streak of 7. It was Kobe that had a main part in their 22- 7 streak ... Dwight isn't ready to "take the reigns" he has to grow.
Wrecktified::Heard something like the Lakers at plus 83 with Kobe on the court and minus 45.   They need him
Bronko 44::Heard something?  Do the research.
Kevin58238::Western conference playoff picture, http://wp.me/p2g4xX-4W
higherhai23::See what the Lakers did WITHOUT Kobe's 30+ Shot attempts per game, they used that to actually win
lakersfann1990::chocomil25-  even laker fans were getting frustrated so dont try and give me that nonsense that us clowns were the only ones saying stuff  The biggest problem  is they didnt get phil jackson  he put everybody in place.  With world peace knew better then to take these wild ugly a$$ shots he be taken.  For example when he got the 4th foul in the 2nd quarter  D'antoni was going to take him out but he signaled NO .  D'atoni needs to man up and coach this team hes doing a better job but the job would have been done a long time ago with phil.
lakersfann1990::Chocomil25-   haha Kobe is a joke, his teammates play better without him, he may be what they need to close out games, but as far as playing as a team during 99% of the game, they are better without him.  This statement is pretty funny beacuse at the beginning of the year you clowns would refer to the "lakers" team as a joke.
lakersfann1990::They should have hired phil jackson and lakers wouldnt have got them selves in this position in the first place.
chocomil25::even laker fans were getting frustrated so dont try and give me that nonsense that us clowns were the only ones saying stuff
chocomil25::They were playing like a joke, there is too much talent there for them to be that bad, any person with a brain for basketball could tell u that.
chocomil25::haha Kobe is a joke, his teammates play better without him, he may be what they need to close out games, but as far as playing as a team during 99% of the game, they are better without him.
chocomil25::yea typical kobe shaft sucker, ignore what just happened yesterday....
RNYC_125::One game doesn't mean anything. It's so stupid to make these statements.
BigGameJames42Greatness::Yeah one of the top 5 players ever. Idiot. Lol. What a joke.
chocomil25::did u watch the game yesterday or was kobes shaft too deep in ur mouth? the truth is there, beating a top team, thats what Dwight can do with that Laker team because he can do a better job of letting the team move the ball around, Kobe gets the ball and its stuck there. Do u play basketball? its a lot different to play with someone who u know is reluctant to pass than someone who u know is willing to pass.
rex_coach::<b>These are the type(s) that shouldn't breed.  They are just stupid</b>
scabbfan::2/15 Lakers against .500 teams WITH kobe.  1/1  Lakers against .500 teams WITHOUT kobe.
ruiz_luis::Brooklyn twice, Houston, okc, Boston, Atlanta, New York , golden state twice.  That's more than 2 wins brains
chocomil25::well tell kobe to sit his $@% down and let the lakers win and ull get the sample u want
loblaws991::do you know what a representative sample is? obviously not
Bad luck Bryant::Ask any basketball player any real basketball player it doesn't matter if you win by an inch or a mile winning is winning  -Toretto
Mindfreeze::O.T.: Someone asked whats wrong with lil Wayne's music?  Just listen to it. I could only stand it for a year til it got annoying(All deleted).( good rappers/entertainers don't do that) Same thing with Kanye/J Cole.
Eagle Eye G.I. Joe::This whole "overdose" story is just a cover for a mission that went bad:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F9QisdRPwEM  Operation: Weezy F Baby
Rocketswin2013::LMAO
tebrina::if lakers can get a 6th seed, is there any chance kobe's name will be in the convo for mvp or is it over already just hand it to lebron this year
Mindfreeze::Tony Parker.
Mindfreeze::Haven't they won 50+ in 10 or more seasons as well? That's not an easy thing to do.
just_a_fan_07::yeah i dont really know why he doesnt get more recognition....and their record without him through the years proves how important he is to the team
tebrina::People don't really care about the spurs for some reason. if tony parker was having the same season with a different team and that team was as good as the spurs is, parker would be the mvp
just_a_fan_07::yeah dont think parker gets enough credit and this isnt the first year that he should be in the mvp discussion but i just dont know how lebron wont get it this year...26pts, 8 rebounds, 7 assists while shooting 55 percent.....stats dont lie and those are hard to beat
Fuller0024::In my honest opinion to get MVP your team needs to be better with you in the lineup. Without Kobe the Lakers dominated a very good Pacer team. With him the Lakers are a worse team.
tdawg110011::Miami Is Still A Top 3 Team In The EaSt Without Lebron
tebrina::I don't think lakers are a worse team with kobe but i can agree that other players make their teams better and are probably more deserving, but i was curious what others thought
Rocketswin2013::I still say Young Kobe would kill Lebron. I don't think they were on the same level.
chocomil25::hahaha this guy talking bout what he seen in the all star game, ever heard of something called exhibition games? u know what happens every time the Heat play the Lakers in a game where it matters? Lebron balls Kobe up and Laker fans talk about how IF Kobe was younger, so lets leave it at that.
scabbfan::funny in 9 years of playing against Lebron...... kobe has been owned by Lebron in wins &amp; stats. Despite kobrick having the better teams.
rex_coach::<b>I'll be happy with either one of them...</b>
just_a_fan_07::u are basing it off of all star games.....wow.  Enough said there.  Lebron has owned kobe in their matchups throughout the years....something like 12-4 and they do guard each other in the games....not the whole game but usually near the end of the games and i havent seen much evidence of kobe stopping lebron.  But yes, kobe did stop him at the end of the 2013 all star game...lol
Heat Haters United::because, kobe would kill lebron  from what i seen in the all star game  If they both was actually playing the same position and guarded eachother  Kobe would lock lebron up and destroy him
just_a_fan_07::so why are u talking about who is better if they dont play the same position?
just_a_fan_07::kobe still in his prime, he would kill him right now lol (when his ankle heals) dude need to start back wearing high tops... Did u not post this?   You make me laugh....keep on posting
Heat Haters United::Thats not me lol  I don't really think they comparable but I would choose kobe over lebron like jordan if I was building a team because of rings.  If lebron and kobe was actually going at eachother. Kobe would win
Heat Haters United::lebron doesn't even play the same position wtf is this idiot talking about
tebrina::Me either.
Heat Haters United::kobe still in his prime, he would kill him right now lol (when his ankle heals) dude need to start back wearing high tops
just_a_fan_07::just like he did both times this year.....oh yeah that was because of the scheduling......oh yeah they both had 1 day rest before their last game
Eagle Eye G.I. Joe::Speaking of Fish, in an interview, Bryant said they earned each other's respect playing some very chippy games of full court 1 on 1 as rookies after practice.  Yeah, full court 1 on 1 <i>after</i> practice.
lakersfann1990::Its funny every  "heat fan"  has lebrons name in a screen name  but you hardly ever see one with the actual team heat in the screen name.
Heat Haters United::heat fans give wade no credit for anything. if I was him I would ask for a trade lol
Mindfreeze::Wade won't say a thing because he will have more rings than LBJ if they don't break up.
Mindfreeze::Yeah, I think they would be pretty close in the standings if they were on separate teams.
tebrina::Thats a good question because wade has defered to lebron so much its hard to say how good wade still is now. I personally think wade is still the wade that could lead a team into the playoffs
Mindfreeze::How much better though?
tebrina::Wade and lebron are too good of friends for wade to get mad over not getting any credit. Plus wade knows lebron is better lol
Mindfreeze::I know... It's like playing a video game and using the cheat codes.. All of the players on this team have got to know what they are doing isn't right.
Heat Haters United::thats dumd tho, what rings are going to do if you have no respect for getting them?
lakersfann1990::Yea people dont bring up carmelo beacuse he doesnt have a legacy like kobe bryant  which makes non laker fans "Haters".
lakersfann1990::If micheal picked kobe over lebron could you imagine what he would say if somebody asked him  "Harden or bryant"   he would probably laugh in your face.  Harden is good but not on kobes level.
Braktooth::He also picked Kwame over a ton of people. I don't know that I respect his ability to pick talent. Also, by his argument, he'd pick Fisher over LeBron, or Horry over Kobe.
brianmas23::Harden will be a great... OAK CITY messed up on that one IMO
Rocketswin2013::LOL, ok. I was joking.
loblaws991::so was MJ a ballhog? is Lebron ball hog? lemme tell you what ball hog is. ball hog is melo averaging 2.8 assists a game. People need to understand what ball hog means. especially with a team when faced with severe adversity fails to dominate or step up
chocomil25::Kobe is a ball hog even if u admit it or not, thats why he doesnt make his team better on an every day basis, his players dont know when the hell hes gonna decide to pass the rock. Thats why they play better without him, because they move the ball around, beating the Pacers, this team is obviously a playoff team without Kobe.
Fuller0024::11/33
Mindfreeze::You act like he's the only player to have shooting nights like this. Then again, you  could just be trolling.
Mindfreeze::A.I. was a ballhog... He was all about getting his numbers rather than winning.   I can see why people are saying the same about Melo.  MJ was that way early in his career, but he grew up.
brianmas23::MJ got the same hate kobe gets.. He shoots to much.. He averages 30 points a game because he shoots 25 times a night... Blah blah blah
just_a_fan_07::i dont think kobe is as bad this year than he was like 5-6 years ago with being a ball hog but the difference between jordan and kobe is there were many years that jordan shot over .50 percent....this is kobe's best shooting year at 47 percent
loblaws991::somehow i feel MJ is more myth then legend. these days they forget all is crappy shooting nights (season averaged 41PER) and how he had that final shooting slump. and then they use kobes GAME 7 (not even the  whole finals series) his GAME 7 (one game) to discredit his playoff 30 per that year and wanted to give the MVP to gasol smh
brianmas23::And they will, its like tupac, your the greatest when youre not playing anymore
brianmas23::Haters dont change there arguement, they only read headlines
Eagle Eye G.I. Joe::It's amazing how similar the criticisms of the two are.  I suspect that most of Kobe's critics will be on his jock in 10 years, just like MJs critics are now.
tebrina::Mj was a ballhog too lol
tebrina::if kobe didn't have players around him that argument would work but he has some talent that he does take away from by ball hogging
loblaws991::Maybe i see the word ballhog differently. Great players need the ball in their hands. Ball hog to me means you are taking away from the team and can't make a pass/play aka melo.
Kontraversee::"Bryant, known as a remarkably quick healer who hasn't missed a game since the 2009-10 season..."  Come on AP, he missed seven games with injury last year.
lakersfann1990::Rocketswin2013-  I still think Harden is better  James Harden is not better then Kobe Bryant.
chocomil25::Harden is a beast who gets fouled and i dont hear him ever crying about anything, Kobe is one of the biggest biyotches in the game.
brianmas23::Harden isnt better than kobe, but the guy is gooood, and will only get better.. Rockets got a superstar
Rocketswin2013::Porbably not but he's top 5
loblaws991::I dont understand kobe ball hog comments.  This man is averaging 5.8 assists (can we round it to 6 or will trolls get mad?) and yet hes "cancer to his teammates". Was he a cancer when he bailed them out against TOR? smh...kobrick irks me too.....mans averaging 47% (above average for SG) and hes kobrick.
chocomil25::he bailed his teammates? hahaha , they wouldnt have been in that position in the first place if Kobe wasnt in the game, they play better without him, are u too stupid to see that? dont ignore this game please, see the truth. Jordan made his team better, Lebron made his cleveland squad better, Kobe does NOT make his team better. It makes sense since Kobe loves taking 2 defenders if not 3 at times, that just tells his teammates that there is no trust there.
Heat Haters United::his shooting percent is like 2nd for all the shooting guards in the NBA. Thats pretty good
Rocketswin2013::I still think Harden is better ;)
Eagle Eye G.I. Joe::He's also young...give him another year or two to refine his game and he'll be the man.
Rocketswin2013::Thanks
brianmas23::People should fear the beard... He is goood
lakersfann1990::oh so you're our security gaurd
tebrina::i love kobe but he does ballhog, even when he's trying to play a fake point guard. he's still ball hogging. he has to have the control
tebrina::I agree eagle. kobe's my all time favorite player. i love to watch the man play he's so entertaining even now.  but it is what it is. no one's perfect
Eagle Eye G.I. Joe::It's more of a "live by the sword dye by the sword" thing -- he is what he is, and what he is has been very successful for LA.  It's up to coaches and his teammates (which is why Fish was so valuable) to reign him in.
loblaws991::what does that mean? what does 5.8 assists mean to you??
tebrina::kobe is a great player no denying that. but come on, if kobe style of play is not ball hogging then what is  and to be fair, his ball hogging would be more acceptable on a team full of scrubs but he does have some talent around him
Eagle Eye G.I. Joe::After a game when Howard only had 5 or 6 shots, Kenny Smith said Olajuwon would have been throwing punches in the locker room after the game if that ever happened to him.  All the greats want the ball in the hands.  That's part of what makes them "great".
Heat Haters United::they just trolling and that's why people like me are here lol
brianmas23::Please dont use logic here, it confuses the hater
Ricky Rosayy::The Lakers have the chance to be great.. All it takes is Kobe shooting the ball less than 20 times a game..
lakersfann1990::This game put some more nice distance between utah and the lakers.
Eagle Eye G.I. Joe::Duhon and Morris have 26 combined starts at PG for LA this year....and the Lakers still have a very good shot at the 6th seed.
lakersfann1990::Duhon didnt do a damn thing when blake was injured
loblaws991::same people who troll and say boston doesnt need rondo will say the same thing about kobe smh.
chocomil25::those other two guys distribute the ball, Kobe has glue in his hands and doesnt pass the rock, when he is out, the ball moves around a lot better.
brianmas23::There isnt a team who is better with out one of there stars, not in the NBA
lakersfann1990::Or the spurs dont need parker.
lakersfann1990::Not only did the lakers win they beat a team who had a 26-7  home record.
brianmas23::It was a big win for them in alot of ways
Rocketswin2013::Impressive.
Rocketswin2013::Why is every Lakers game close? I guess they are getting better at the right time. Earlier they would find ways to lose these games.
lvlr_l3anks::Considering they just beat the East's 2nd best team without Kobe and without Pau and without Hill I don't think we can look at this game as close.
Eagle Eye G.I. Joe::Lakers are just a poor defensive team.  Doing a better job of late, but still need to score at/near 100 to win.
lakersfann1990::earlier in the year  if they would have got behind by 11 points early like they did they would have just gave up.  This is a different team now.
brianmas23::Yeah, dwight looks good, blake playing good, earl clark giving them energy.. Jamison playing well
Eagle Eye G.I. Joe::they're also healthier now -- no black hole at backup PG with Blake back and Nash/Howard finally look recovered from their injuries
brianmas23::Earlier in the year they would be down and kobe would try and shoot them back in the game... They are clicking now, playing like a team..
lvlr_l3anks::Steve Blake was HUGE in this game. 18pts, 6reb, 7ast, 4stl, 2blk.
brianmas23::Was happy for him.. He's playing very well sense coming back from injury...
Eagle Eye G.I. Joe::Speaking of college hoops, since when did Richard Simmons and MC Hammer start designing everybody's uniforms?  I'm just not feelin it.
brianmas23::They are hideous
lakersfann1990::“We have so much respect for Kobe giving us his effort, but we knew once he went out it would take all of us to step up,” Blake said. “It’s a great feeling when you can do that as a team, really get a big win.”
rex_coach::<b>yet clowns can't appreciate the inspiration the leader of that "team" gave them...</b>
brianmas23::Not to mention was on the bench the whole game coaching and helping, instead of watching from the locker room
