toshsghost::Wiz puttin up some fight these days?  I like it.
A Drunk Monk::Never seen such a bunch of whiners as Wiz fans and WIz players. With 8 wins on the season you'd think they'd blame the players rather than other factors.
tizi6969::http://farm9.staticflickr.com/8360/8397545394_d6668ecb05_o.gif
Trevor18hi::To end the Lebron-Durant fighting think of it this way if Lebron gave up lets say 3 ast lebron would be at 3.9 this year so if Lebron gives up his lockdown Defense i could see like lebron saying 31-33 ppg with still 4 ast 7 rbd i mean cmon will there ever be a season durant goes 30-7-8 ? cause Lebron did oh and he also had 1.7 steals and 1.1 blocks
Trevor18hi::But i do think Durant is one of the best scorers in the game and if he keeps this up History. But i will say this If you compare him to Jordan which you shouldn't Jordan had More PPG more APG and right next to him being a shooting guard with only 2-3 less rbds also had more steals i mean there hard to compare cause durant is alot taller and plays a diff $@%. but Lebron in my eyes is the closest to Jordan in terms of skill but i could see Durant meet him with Scoring
A Drunk Monk::Lebron isn't even CLOSE to MJ in terms of skill. In terms of raw talent and athleticism Lebron is the best the NBA has seen, but if he had MJ's footwork, or even Kobe's footwork, Lebron would be the best scorer in the game.
4 Petes Sake::nba is the worst While OKC's cake schedule continues.   smh  From Jan. 6 to Feb. 2nd,    12 of the 15 games OKC has are ROAD games.   Since Jan. 6th,  OKC has gone 7-1.  Sounds like you're faulting OKC for being good.
oblique15::Heat schedule even more cake!
mkaldenberg9::At this point the only weaknesses the Clippers really have are FT shooting and Vinny Del Negro. Blake seems to be improving from the line this season, but D Jordan and Turiaf are abysmal. Regrdless of whether or not the Clips win the title this season, I wouldn't be surprised to see them look for a new head coach. The only problem is that outside of a miracle of epic proportions in which they lure the zen master back to LA I can't think of anybody on the market who helps push them over the top.
BarrelRider04::Just have Chauncey slide over the bench one more spot which would make him coach, and relegate Vinnie to water boy. I guess you have to give some credit to Vinnie though at this point. I don't want to rip on him too hard.
BarrelRider04::Not sure if they need a coach at this point. They have Chauncey Billups and Paul to "coach" them. Vinney is just a puppet. We'll see when playoffs come, hopefully Vinnie doesn't mess our rotations up...
Danadude69::What in the world is wrong about Vinnie? At the halfway point we have the best record in the NBA! Some guys would find a reason to complain while getting a blow job and drinking Patron!!!
Danadude69::Just another day at the office for the Clippers
BarrelRider04::Who in a million years could ever think the Clippers could play bad AND STILL WIN?? It's clear this is not your mother's clips!!
Paul2253::they had a season high 22 offensive rebounds that led to 19 points thats why they won!!!its awesome when the clips play so bad they just use there rebounding. when the lakers play bad they get obliterated as there abysmal 17-22 record shows!! 73-9 they said before the season!!LMFAO!
BarrelRider04::It's' just crazy how well balanced they are. Like you said, they can and have won in so many different ways. Nobody needs to score over 20 points a game because they kill you with depth and balance. AND THEY ACTUALLY PLAY DEFENSE FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER! Unreal.
Paul2253::LMFAO!! poor laker reattards the clippers have nearly double your wins this season and we not even half way through the season yet!!! clippers with 1 super star and griffin destroying the lakers with kobe and 3 all stars!!!LMAO!!!! lakers are finished and its awesome!!!
BarrelRider04::To think the Flakers could finish under .500 with the players they have is absolutely mind boggling. Wow, what a debacle!
josho33::12 of the next 15 on the road. Let's see how good the Clippers are.
nba is the worst::While OKC's cake schedule continues.  smh
Danadude69::OKC schedule only looks like cake cuz they are so good
nba is the worst::Lucky the Wizards are even worse at the ft line than the Clippers...
iamnotwhouare::Were is the fine?  http://cdn0.sbnation.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/6833737/8397545394_d6668ecb05_o.0_standard_730.0.gif
josho33::Stop liking your own posts.
Ameture Sports Analyst::Wizards could become a playoff team now, they are putting up some close games or wins!
BobGriffin666::Hi
LA Hair Clippers::I like Lebron and hate Durant but... Durant &gt;&gt;&gt; Lebron
jwbbaholic::How can anybody hate durant?
Robinetta32::Yeah, right!
LeBron is my Grandson -Greg Oden::yeah, stop lying.
SMANGANG::I like Durant and hate Lebron but... Lebron &gt;&gt;&gt; Durant
Superfarb41::NBA experts ? Play this fun and free NBA trivia game - get it on Google play : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.superfarb.nbachamp
gt1master_ike::If Durant starts to average 33-35 PPG for the remainder of this year(he is at 31.5 PPG since the start of December), while still racking up rebounds, blocks , steals and showing leadership, late game clutch ability he has shown, he will be the best player in the league. His defense is already on the upswing. I don't think he has to become this awesome playmaker like Lebron to surpass him as a player.  His increased scoring totals combined with the other things will make up for that.
LobCityCP32BG32::I don't understand people who say Lebron is the best and that's that....come now...look at the numbers...durant shoots 90% at the line and Lebron shoots 73%...who do you want taking that late free throw?
Cleeepers::No, of course they're not... but it's a little suspicious that OKC are 3rd in FT differential (+5 over opponents), lead the league in % of their points from FT's (21%) - even though they shoot jumpers, and are the only team in the league in the bottom half in points in the paint that still shoots that many FT's.  And it's not like they have a Dwight or DeAndre that is an automatic hack.  #protected
LobCityCP32BG32::not all fouls are committed in the paint...and lebron sometimes looks like he bulldozes through people so refs are less inclined to call ticky tack fouls
Cleeepers::Look at his stats for how many shots he takes in the paint vs. LeBron, then look at his FTA's vs. LeBron... he's untouchable... that's a fact.
gt1master_ike::I agree but if the refs award you free throws, you take what you can get. Durant's free throw rate has not been this high since his 3rd year before they took away the rip move. So obviously he has done something else to get more free throws in a different way. Lebron is just bull dozing anyone in his way and converting more opportunities so the refs are not really blowing the whistle and giving him AND 1s. But if he starts to miss those shots where there is slight contact, the free throws will come again.
LobCityCP32BG32::hey...that's comes with experience...durant is getting to be a smarter player...there's nothing wrong with that...now if you're insinuating that refs just give durant calls for no reason at all...then that's just hating on the guy
Cleeepers::Durant is protected by the refs like a mafia wife. LeBron gets away with murder on the defensive end, but he gets hacked with no calls all the time.
LobCityCP32BG32::I'm just pointing out a weakness for people who say lebron has none...and durant showed against dallas that when he's not shooting well...he has the ability to get to the line...and make all of them...honestly...durant is not as far away from lebron as people think
Cleeepers::Shaq shot 50% and he was still unstoppable. Durant is a scorer, LeBron can beat you other ways.
Cleeepers::If you can slow him down scoring-wise, you can beat OKC. Granted, it's not easy... but there are a few Durant-stoppers in the league. Take away LeBron's scoring and he can still beat you with his defense and playmaking.
LobCityCP32BG32::like I said...when he doesn't shoot well...he gets to the line and pretty much makes all his free throws...the guy is as unstoppable as you can get in the NBA
Cleeepers::1 game sample... and that was an OT game. look at last year's 4 games.
LobCityCP32BG32::oh you mean when he scored 35 pts against the clips earlier this year?
Cleeepers::gt1master_ike - Who are these Durant stoppers? They can stop him for a few plays but not the whole game.  Vinny del Negro is one... haha!  The guy performs below par against the Clips because we keep throwing different looks at him.
LobCityCP32BG32::"if you can slow him down scoring-wise..." that's like saying if only we score more points than the other team...we could win the game
LobCityCP32BG32::yeah...if harden shows up in the finals...okc wins
gt1master_ike::Who are these Durant stoppers? They can stop him for a few plays but not the whole game. Look at the finals last year. Durant averaged 31 PPG on 54 percent shooting because Lebron could only guard him in stretches. If he stayed on him the whole game, he would tire on offense.
LobCityCP32BG32::it's nice to see blake and cp3 shoot so poorly and yet the clips still get the win...good sign
Cleeepers::That's the difference this year. We win games even when we play badly.
LobCityCP32BG32::true
Booty Loaf::well it was vs the wizards
LobCityCP32BG32::lebron and durant are both ridiculous...it's too close to call
Cleeepers::If we're talking about THIS YEAR's MVP, there might be a converstaion (including CP3 and Melo), but I believe the OP was "Durant has surpassed LeBron"... No chance.
Cleeepers::Not to mention that the Clippers have gone from lottery to legit contenders since his arrival. He changed the culture of a whole franchise. If that's not "most valuable", I don't know what is.
gt1master_ike::Chris Paul's MVP case is made on intangibles that can not be measured through numbers. His volume stats are down because his minutes are down because the Clippers have a deep team but his efficiency is still there as you can see but his 26 PER which ranks him 3rd in the league. And if his minutes start to increase, his numbers will. He  could have a monster 2nd half of the year, lead the Clippers to 65 + wins and get MVP from KD or Lebron.
LobCityCP32BG32::yeah...but it's not like they played the best teams...
Booty Loaf::^and on top of that its not like cp3 is putting up the most impressive stats either
Booty Loaf::arent the clippers undefeated without cp3?
Cleeepers::Fair enough, Ike... misunderstanding. Then it's neck-and-neck between Durant and CP3.
LobCityCP32BG32::I still think if we're talking about best player in the world...durant is in the conversation...i mean...the guy can shoot from anywhere...and lebron can't make free throws...
gt1master_ike::Lebron is still the best player on the planet but he is not the MVP if that makes sense. Part of that has to do with the Heat's record especially their .500 road record.  You can not just give it to the best player in the league each year  because then Kobe would have more than Nash.  You have to take into account how that player's performance affects his team.
Cleeepers::Then that's a different matter... Durant or CP3... whoever has the best record. Done. LeBron is coasting. I thought this thread was linked to the "if OKC win it all, Durant is better than LeBron" thread. My bad.
LobCityCP32BG32::of course...we're talking about this year...but why no chance?...durant is right there with lebron in everything except for asts...but part of that is durant has westbrook as pg and I can't even name miami pg to tell you the truth...chalmers?
Booty Loaf::honestly its really not even an arguement. lebron is hands down the best player in the world. KD is the best scorer, but lebron is just a freak of nature
LobCityCP32BG32::well...lebron can't make free throws...nobody talks about that
Booty Loaf::this game has not seen as complete a player as lebron. i just dont think it would be fair to give it to someone else
LobCityCP32BG32::in the long run...more people might still pick lebron because he's so physically imposing...but come now...okc has the best record in the much better western conference...and durant is shooting lights out...with 7 asts and 4 rebs...let's just not always give it to lebron because it's the popular thing to do
gt1master_ike::No one is saying Lebron is not better but this year, KD has been playing at a very  high level while leading his team to the best record in the league without Harden and an inconsistent scoring PG. KD is my MVP this year, not Lebron.
Cleeepers::That will change on Tuesday.
LobCityCP32BG32::of course...but okc has the best record in the NBA...look it up...therefore durant is in the conversation
Cleeepers::^ This.
Cleeepers::LeBron passed 5000 assists this season, as did CP3. With only 1 more year in the league, he's putting up elite PG assist numbers along with his scoring. Not even close, IMO.
LobCityCP32BG32::at the rate durant is scoring...he'll break kareem's record...so stop bringing up assists like it's the most impressive thing
gt1master_ike::MVPs can be misleading. Like the guy above said, Nash has 2 and players like Kobe and Durant with 1 combined  have played  at a  higher level than he has at some point in their career.  MVP is about circumstances. Look hoe Rose got his.
Cleeepers::gt1master_ike - 7 APG is elite PG assists numbers now? No, its just higher than most forwards put up.   At the rate he's going, he'll move into the top-30 all time by next year... elite guard territory. God knows where he'll be when he hangs it up.
LobCityCP32BG32::but nash has two mvps though
Cleeepers::3 MVP's vs. 0 MVP's.  The league agrees with me.
gt1master_ike::7 APG is elite PG assists numbers now? No, its just higher than most forwards put up.
LobCityCP32BG32::yeah...lebron has more assists...why is that the determining stat?...durant shoots better free throws...and from 3s...and scores more points...of course it's close
Cleeepers::Nobody's talking about Durant passing MJ as the GOAT. Durant is an awesome scorer, but LeBron is a complete player.
LobCityCP32BG32::he's shooting...50% from the field...40% from 3s...and 90% from the line...I mean...while leading the league in scoring...what more do you want?
gt1master_ike::At the rate Durant's game grows each year, that could change within the next 3 or 4 years.
LobCityCP32BG32::nah man...it's not that obvious this year...durant has a 29 PER and james has a 30 PER...and people should be talking about durant passing mj...he's a beast
Mr.GoodKat4::anyone think the Falcons have a shot tomorrow?
gt1master_ike::I got Niners taking it but I would not be surprised if Falcons win. They have one of the best HFAs in the league.
b4-it-became-lob-city::sorry  but  its  cp3  year where  taking  it  this  year
Mr.GoodKat4::If OKC would play HEAT again and that;s a big if... If OKC would beat the Heat in the finals I say Durant has finally surpassed Lebron...
Cleeepers::The way I see it:  Pick any 4 players at the 1,2,4 and 5 spots... add Lebron or add KD to that lineup  Whose team would win?  Hands down, LeBron.
gt1master_ike::Lebron is a better all around player, KD is a a better scorer and scores in more ways. Until lebron's mid range and FT shooting become consistently good, that will be the case.  And Durant has improved a lot on the other end. He is more than holding his own while playing on ball D at that end while still collecting steals and blocks.
Cleeepers::LeBron could put up 50 a night if he wanted to. And where is Durant on the other end?
gt1master_ike::Durant is not an Iso guy(well at least not as much as the other elite scorers). More than 50 percent of his made field goals are assisted which means he is moving around with the ball and scoring off the catch and shoot, not just playing one on one with his man. Durant can score in so many different ways now. And he is adding to his post game. His handle has tightened up in the lane as well.  He is simply a more effective offensive player this year.
Cleeepers::Durant is an iso guy... LeBron makes his teammates better.
Mr.GoodKat4::I don't think so...
LobCityCP32BG32::you're thinking too much about the offense...Lebron is better on defense
Mr.GoodKat4::the better the ball movement the higher the chances of scoring , along with attacking the interior
gt1master_ike::And yet KD still averaged over 30 PPG in the finals last year. This year, he could get up to 32-35 PPG with the improvement he has has shown in his game. He is scoring a lot easier even against elite defensive teams.
Mr.GoodKat4::Yeah you're probably right
gt1master_ike::I think that Lebron-Durant  matchup is wash with the improvement Durant has shown this year. Wade-Westbrook would probably determine that series.
Cleeepers::Nah.
Mr.GoodKat4::well Lebron is passing more cause he doesn;t have that confidence to take the open shot from 18-23 feet...but Durant is improving in the post but for now Lebron has the edge but not for long
LobCityCP32BG32::and lebron is better in the post...and he a better passer...let's be fair now
Mr.GoodKat4::Oh yea Durant is improving every game every day...Durant is 10x the perimeter shooter Lebron is..yeah he had 38 points against the Lakers but struggled big time from the field
Mr.GoodKat4::Harden being traded was the best thing ever to happen to him...he's not under the shadow of Durant and has his own team which is young but like the Thunder are inexperienced due to that youth at some points of the game
gt1master_ike::He is basically carrying them night in and out with a simple pick and roll spread style offense. But elite Defenses are starting to figure them out and Mchale is not making adjustments. That is why they having started losing. You either improve the system and run more sets or get better players. Harden alone is not enough.
LobCityCP32BG32::yeah...if harden wanted to be the man...and lose games...then houston is the place for him
Mr.GoodKat4::Hence the Mavs game they had them put away multiple times...
LobCityCP32BG32::but okc could win it all this year and he could miss out on a ring
Mr.GoodKat4::Yeah but everyone over rates him on the cavs and under rates the rest of the team which statistically says other wise...
LobCityCP32BG32::lebron took the freakin' cavs to the finals...
Mr.GoodKat4::Lebron can only score so much 30-35 points well averaging well below 30...the bench looks worse then they did last year and Allen is slowing down big time
Cleeepers::Yup... Clips-Heat finals will be epic. I'm glad we'll have home-court because neither team seems to be able to beat each other on the road.
LobCityCP32BG32::you got lebron...you got a chance
Mr.GoodKat4::given that OKC knows what it's like to lose in the finals yes they have a much better chance this year...the Heat wouldn't have a chance this year..OKC would out play them on both sides of the court
Mr.GoodKat4::So what's everyone's thoughts on Crawford making the All star team? Coaches should have no problem voting him in
Cleeepers::Honestly, if Duncan makes it that makes Jamal's chances better because coaches won't feel so bad about leaving Parker out.
gt1master_ike::Curry, Paul, Kobe, Harden, Westbrook, Parker. Those are probably the 6 guards getting in. Crawford might have a chance if he got more of Green's minutes and averaged over 20 + PPG.
Mr.GoodKat4::Well Kobe is starting same with CP3 and sir dunkalot
Cleeepers::Westbrook, Parker, Harden... it's a tough call, but on sheer entertainment value (which is what the ASG is all about) he should get a spot.
Cleeepers::Nah, nobody makes a crowd ooh and aaah like Jamal.
Mr.GoodKat4::Well sheer entertainment Harden would barely edge him out
gt1master_ike::Nash has an average  PG this year. At least if Kobe had an average defensive PG, he would not have to guard most of the elite PGs the Lakers have faced this year. Everything Nash does on offense, he is pretty much giving away at the defensive end where he is basically doing nothing except draw an occasional charge. And most times, he isn't even guarding any good offensive players.
Mr.GoodKat4::Fischer is nice but he never had the numbers Nash has...
Mr.GoodKat4::why would that be sarcasm? Kobe is clutch to think not is delusional and I'm not even a fan of his..
Cleeepers::Dude, I hope that was sarcasm.
Mr.GoodKat4::BHut Fischer is clutch like Kobe
LobCityCP32BG32::of course anyone would take nash over fisher...it was a joke
Cleeepers::I agree with you about Nash, but kobe has not been guarding the opposing team's best player until about 2 games ago.  Just because he turns it on for a couple of games doesn't absolve him from guilt in their terrible defensive performance all season.
gt1master_ike::Right now, yep but a few years ago, he was one of the best 2 way players in the league. Allen would make first team D if he played more than 27 MPG.
LobCityCP32BG32::kobe is totally overrated on defense...he just goes on his reputation...tony allen is such a better defender than kobe but doesn't even get half the praise
Cleeepers::and look how sh*tty their defense has been... sure he's "guarded" them... but he hasn't guarded them.
LobCityCP32BG32::yeah...and how many points did dwayne wade have against the lakers?
gt1master_ike::Kobe has guarded the opposing team's best guard more often than any other Laker defender this year. Artest usually stays primarily on forwards.  Now Im not saying Kobe has been doing a great job of that but he usually has that assignment.
LobCityCP32BG32::totally right...Kobe miss assignments the whole game and then he has one hustle play and then suddenly everyone says he plays D...it's ridiculous
LobCityCP32BG32::I totally agree...nash is a defensive liability...fisher is looking pretty good right about now
sin2win83::If the Lakers do make the playoffs, who are they kicking out?  Rockets Jazz Nuggets  Warriors
ArtieSullivan::Portland?
sin2win83::as of right now, Portland is on the outside looking in
LobCityCP32BG32::probably utah
sin2win83::probably right
gfugi101::bye children, daddy has to go... remember to keep watching and learning some day you will well never mind I still own you...
ArtieSullivan::good night son - your daddy is helping me out with dry wall in the morning - typical labor for a Lakers Fan - occupation: Home Depot parking lot
ArtieSullivan::Eric Bledsoe &gt; Steve Nash  FACT
relinquishy::lol in 2012, maybe....and no im not a fakers fan
ArtieSullivan::Fact is the Clippers are flat out more talented then the Lakers this year - the record shows - nothing to debate.
relinquishy::the ironic part is that last year you guys all were fakers fans.
ArtieSullivan::been a fan since 2006 - which better the 2012
LobCityCP32BG32::not really man...as hard as it is to believe...there are clipper fans...billy crystal to name one
LobCityCP32BG32::I don't understand laker fans...make sure that your team actually make the playoffs before you say they're better than the second best team in the league...common sense
gfugi101::Like I said it's nice to see the Clips have a 32-9 record they will need all those wins to keep ahead when they fall to the 4th seed
Cleeepers::Wouldn't that be terrible... LMBO at you saying #4 is our worst-case scenario, when #8 is a f*cking prayer for the lakers.
xX Trill Xx::Cleepers making 5 accounts to like his posts for him &gt; Lakers
Cleeepers::Nah, I couldn't sign in and out that quickly. My right hand isn't as dextrous as yours... but then, yours gets much more use.
gfugi101::yeah I was going to say he's not that smart or funny to get 6 likes lmao
ArtieSullivan::32 - 8 &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 50 feet of crap &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 17 -22
sin2win83::Who gets the blame when the Lakers don't make the playoffs?
gfugi101::injuries big part of all these loses that and no one stepping up and helping KObe dominate
Cleeepers::Who's he rolling?  He's 17-22
gfugi101::yeah having the best PG of his generation and still rolling teams at 39...he plays like he's 30
Cleeepers::Chasing rings when they're too old to even run to catch a bus.
LobCityCP32BG32::every team has injuries...100 million dollar payroll...no excuses
ArtieSullivan::because they hired a bunch of has been all stars that looked good on paper
gfugi101::USC water polo&gt;clippers
LobCityCP32BG32::you do know the clippers are 32-8 right?
LobCityCP32BG32::you do know that this is sports right?...which means...teams do get better and not just play exactly like last season...based on that logic...the lakers shouldn't be 15-22 should they?
gfugi101::you do know the clips fall apart in the 2nd half of the season but they won't fall worse then 4th seed
Cleeepers::Nah, we're 32-9  So according to laker fans, we suck.  Apparently, 17-22 &gt; 32-9
Manti Teo Met His Girlfriend on an ESPN chat board.::ur humor is about as dull as a #2 pencil after filling in 200 answers on a scantron test..
gfugi101::wow that was pretty bad...keep on trying
Cleeepers::Is USC waterpolo your new bandwagon because they're above .500?
ArtieSullivan::FAIL
ArtieSullivan::LOB CITY BENCH &gt; LAKERS STARTERS
LobCityCP32BG32::the basketball team or the football team? cause I'm thinking the football team could beat them as well
LobCityCP32BG32::LA sparks bench &gt; Lakers starters
ArtieSullivan::USC TROJANS bench &gt; Lakers starters
Cleeepers::He doesn't even mean the bench PLAYERS... literally, the BENCH.
ArtieSullivan::CONTENDER TIER: OKC, LAC, SA UNDERDOG TIER:  MEM, GS, DEN BUBBLE TIER: UTAH, HOU, POR NO PLAYOFFS TIER: MIN, LAL, DAL, SAC LOTTERY TIER: NO, PHO
LobCityCP32BG32::this might be the lakers best winning % all season...it's downhill from here
gfugi101::ahhh you can never count the Lakers out when they haven't been mathematically eliminated yet. But continue to watch NBA and try to learn something
ArtieSullivan::LOL - you lose
gfugi101::You need to read a book and realize how little you know about the NBA
ArtieSullivan::keep living the past kid
gfugi101::Yeah real cancer two years ago he repeated...yeah big cancer...
ArtieSullivan::Having Kobe - gets you great individual stats and a sub 500 record - he's become a cancer to the organization and the best chance the Lakers have to regaining prestige is his retirement
gfugi101::injured at times yes..but having Kobe bryant doubles your chances at making the playoffs injured or not
ArtieSullivan::they have less then a 20% chance so ya ... numbers  and they are also old slow and injury prone
sin2win83::Lakers suck
LobCityCP32BG32::cp3 is just plain good
gfugi101::he is good...
gfugi101::The empire strikes back=Lakers 2nd half of the season...
Cleeepers::Too little, too late.  Best not to wear your old geezers out.
gfugi101::his #'s 46% since 1999 when in the clutch the best % of any player since 1999
Cleeepers::His "clutchness" is a myth... check the numbers.
gfugi101::as in Chucker you mean the #2GOAT and most clutch player of his generation in Kobe Bryant
Cleeepers::Maybe 2014... if they amnesty the chucker.
gfugi101::lol this isn't the Heat son this is the Lakers...and it's not too late for the Lakers to make the playoffs
gfugi101::I did like the new CP3 commercial when Magic made CP3 disappear cause he wasn't good enough to be sitting at the same table with Nash and him lmao
gfugi101::deep down in real clipper fans they know that they are the Mets on the NBA and they hate the 2nd half of seasons cause they fall apart..they are play-dough
Manti Teo Met His Girlfriend on an ESPN chat board.::Lakers won't even have a second half to play for.. LMAO the Wizards may end up with a better record than them with Wall back
Manti Teo Met His Girlfriend on an ESPN chat board.::If the lakers played the wizards now, they wouldn't stand a chance. This is a COMPLETELY different team with a more flourishing Beal in the lineup with Wall back
gfugi101::Hey we beat the Wizards and the Heat lost too them...try again
gt1master_ike::Deep down, you are a delusional fan(probably a Lakers fan) who should just stop commenting now. Your prior comments have proven you do not watch much basketball outside of the Lakers.
gt1master_ike::Wrong again. Nash numbers with Phoenix from 05-12,16.3 PPG, 10.9 APG, 3.4 RPG, 3.5 TPG in his prime. Paul's career numbers, 18.8 PPG, 9.8 APG, 4.4 RPG, 2.4 TPG. So basically Nash has slightly higher assists and superior FG%,FT%, 3 pt% splits,  but Paul is better in every other category and has a higher A/T ratio.
gfugi101::no no where near Nash's regular season #'s Nash has lead the NBA in assists 7 out of the last 10 years..
gt1master_ike::Nash has also been in the league for much longer. And what numbers does Nash have that Paul doesn't? Even if you take out his Dallas numbers and use only his Phoenix numbers, Paul still has better numbers playoffs and regular season.
gfugi101::well Nash has 2 MVP's given he isn't what he was but CP3 will be lucky to have the numbers Nash has..he will come close though.. maybe big maybe
gt1master_ike::You make money watching basketball? You just just Nash was better than Chris Paul. What's next, the lakers are better than the Clippers?
Cleeepers::The lakers make a lot of money WATCHING good basketball every night too.
gfugi101::lol I make too much money watching basketball...try again kid..Clipper fans are finally figuring out what it takes to win at bball
gfugi101::Cliff Paul is actually Chris Paul's secret lover..yeah he' loves pole, the commercial is meant to throw you off lol
Manti Teo Met His Girlfriend on an ESPN chat board.::Silly Lakers fan trying to get his envy out for the Clippers and their new reign over L.A. by hating on a CP3 commercial
Cleeepers::History buff, are you?  Enjoy it... it's all you have.
gfugi101::yeah nice reign call when you get a ring  LAKERS 97 -31 CLIPPERS ALL TIME SERIES RECORD..
Cleeepers::The Clippers:  Can't hate on their record, so pick on their commercials.
gfugi101::that was a commercial???? cause Nash doesn't need a commercial to prove anything lol and Magic was like what are doing sitting at our table your not good enough to sit with us so he made him disappear
Cleeepers::Best NBA commercial...  Spike Lee's, where CP3 is burning up the best defense in the league while Steve Nash eats french fries with Magic.  That's the 2013 playoffs right there.
gfugi101::well you can't pick on the new Kobe commercial  1. cause it's 100% factual he does own the rim with swiiiishes 2. it's the most awesome commercial since Jordans in the 90s
gfugi101::Clipper fans adda kiss Sterns big white a$$ thanking him they cried to get CP3 to them instead of a real NBA team like the Lakers, but it's all good we got the better PG in Nash
gt1master_ike::You got the better PG who can't even stay healthy or defend his position when healthy. Kobe in his 17th year and he is back to defending elite PGs like it is 08 all all over again because Nash can not do it.
gt1master_ike::The fact that you said Chris Paul plays no defense makes me think you have never watched basketball. Chris Paul is one of the top 5 defensive starting PGs in the league along with Rondo, Westbrook, Kyle Lowry and John Wall.  And nba ll defense teams are voted by the coaches, not fans. I think coaches would have better insight on who the better defenders are than you would.
gfugi101::NBA all defense since when???? maybe 2nd or 3rd team.. but that;s just popularity vote
Cleeepers::No defense?  He's NBA all-defense... George Karl just called him the DPOY.  Watch some games, youngblood.
gfugi101::lol CP3 plays no defense as well...well a little and that's a little better then Nash...so what
Cleeepers::You stick with your "better" point-guard and we'll stick with our better record.
gfugi101::for now L.A. METS
fallsoversteve::cp3 comeback and you beat the wizards... the worst team in the league. by 7. honestly, who cares
fallsoversteve::hey bandwagon, call me when the clipps win a ring
Cleeepers::Original!  So let me know what payphone booth you'll be sleeping in when June rolls around and I'll do it.
Cleeepers::Obviously you if you took the time to comment.
tlj1022::Okay, I'm going to say it. Some stats are so overrated. A big can get 10 rebounds off of 10 meaningless missed free throws. And, a guy can get 6 assists just from running the offense and giving the ball to the obvious guy who's open. Seriously, there are some guys who battle on the boards and we know without a doubt that they are good rebounders, and have a knack for the ball. And, there are guys who create assists with good playmaking. Honestly, is it really that impressive for Rondo or Paul to avg. 10 assists with the way they dominate the ball? In reality, they should avg. 15-20 assist per night.
gt1master_ike::The Clippers are a great passing team who move the ball to the open guy.  Have you seen them play at all? Of all the PGs in the league, Chris Paul is 18th in usage rate at 23.5, so if he is dominating the ball, I wonder what the other guys ahead of him are dong when they are in the game.
Cleeepers::I suppose their 32-9 record is overrated too?  Clippers aren't playing for any stats apart from wins.
Seven seconds of pleasure::How? How did the clippers beat the wizards?
Cleeepers::Del Negro iced it for them with his late-game management. They didn't play well tonight.  Still.. 32-9... I'll take it.
Superfarb41::NBA experts in the house ? Play this fun NBA trivia app : look for "NBA champ" on google play.
b4-it-became-lob-city::i like it in my butt -swoon
Swoon.::Like if b4-it-became-lob-city is a virgin that needs something better to do with his life
b4-it-became-lob-city::having your mom join you in a clan playing capture the flag in mw2&gt;lakers
Seven seconds of pleasure::is she any good?
b4-it-became-lob-city::bumping radio disney and justin bieber with gang members inLA&gt;lakers
