CrimsonEyedDeath::So, the Celtics will probably play the Knicks, who have blown them out in two recent meetings?  And yet, Celtics fans think they'll easily beat the Knicks?  Ah, to be a delusional Boston Sports fan.
oblique15::fans are like that for every team, they alwas think best player on their team is best ever, best coach ever, best team ever as long as they have a playoff spot
BXwarriorBX::r.i.p Celtics knicks in 4 happy trails kg
BXwarriorBX::knicks 4-0
Ghost.Of.Chris.Bosh.::Shavlik Randolph 8 pts and 7 reb in 15 min..  Doc better play him in the playoffs.
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Agreed. Rebounds, rebounds, rebounds! It should be painted on the walls in the practice facility.
ThatsGoodSoup7963::If it isn't already.
ThatsGoodSoup7963::What do the C's draft picks look like this year?
CrimsonEyedDeath::No hope.
Dwayne_Johnson23::Just one first rounder
argenis fradique::Looking forward to Knicks vs Celtics in first round. Looks like its a done deal for this matchup.
_I Am A Celtic_:::)
PP owns Rondo::Test
olsen.ian::i wanna suck off rajon rando
olsen.ian::all night
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Welcome back KG. Go CELTICS.
Steven57928::Not a Celtics Fan but KG and PP deserve their props and first ballot HOF induction when the time comes(PP deserves anything he asks for from the Cs for loyalty in today's game)
Adversaryy::For some players it's best not to go by their initials, you know.
Yankees__ Fan__93::rock vs cena rematch extreme rules rock loses then off for nother six months
Jdzspace::i don't care....i'm straight...and i'm not 14 years old
Jdzspace::I can't believe Memphis sent Keyon to the D-League.....
paulleena12::What good will that do?
dash2k4::Stupid Memphis organization has a lot more wins than you do.
paulleena12::Agreed.  Stupid Memphis Organization.
Jdzspace::why pick him up if you don't want to play him?
paulleena12::Missing Rondo now that playoffs are here.  PP, KG and Rondo are so good in attacking opposing teams defense.
dash2k4::KG at this point in his career? I disagree. Pierce can't put the ball on the floor at this stage, either.
Dwayne_Johnson23::JD I'm doing my first body building show in June.  You should come support.  It's in Medford
paulleena12::That is cool.  Good Luck to You.
Dwayne_Johnson23::Thanks girl!
Jdzspace::seriously? cool. just let me know what i can do, i got your back bro
Jdzspace::seriously, not sure what i can do from across the country, but i'm rooting for ya all the same
Dwayne_Johnson23::Just kidding, all natural over here
Dwayne_Johnson23::You can get me some dianabol
Dwayne_Johnson23::Amherst won today.  Not surprised
Jdzspace::who in the blue hell is that?
Jdzspace::cool beans
Dwayne_Johnson23::Local Massachusetts college.  They won the D3 championship
Manny4990::GO CELTICS!!!
paulleena12::I am enjoying watching the great hustle and effort from Randolph.
Dwayne_Johnson23::Learned that from Coach K . . . aka the best coach
Jdzspace::why would you say that? i'm good...put in a 11.5 hour day, made a bunch of money......Celtics won, Lakers are out of the playoffs (for now)......i'm ok
Dwayne_Johnson23::You seem cranky today JD.  Go to bed
Jdzspace::ahhhhh.....I always thought that they just called him K because they could't pronounce his last name or it sounded like it had a K in it.   didn't know it was the first letter of his first name  look at that.....i learned something from a Duke fan. that's gotta be the first time anyone has ever said that in the history of time.
Dwayne_Johnson23::ha his name starts with the letter K
Jdzspace::until the stories about him being the next sandusky break anyways
paulleena12::Agreed.  And A Great Leader and Man of Integrity.
Jdzspace::is there even a K in his name?
Jdzspace::were there a lot of trolls here for this one?
paulleena12::Not really.  And is Xiu Li becoming a Celtic fan?
Jdzspace::why? I don't get it
paulleena12::Always here.
Jdzspace::did she show up tonight? was he talking about the C's dropping to 8th again? ignoring that is almost mathmatically impossible?
ncjcrsu::Do you Celtics fans think the Cs have a legitimate shot at beating the Knicks?
Jdzspace::the Celtics ALWAYS have a legitimate shot at beating the Knicks
Jdzspace::LOL.....that's a good one  got any more jokes?
2524thomas::lol.....stick a fork in this bunch, the Knicks will crush this has been bunch!!
Dwayne_Johnson23::SO nice to have KG back.  We're gonna be screwed when he's gone
Jdzspace::it won't be long
paulleena12::He will retire as a Celtic.  Bleeds Green.  And he and Pierce, should rightly do so.
Dwayne_Johnson23::I agree
Jdzspace::C's!!!
Dwayne_Johnson23::Cena!
Jdzspace::not really, sorry to dissapoint you
Dwayne_Johnson23::You're gay
Jdzspace::is gay....i agree
cbrosch::John wall is a $@%!$ a$$ b!tch
cbrosch::His flagrant was uncalled for, has he been taking cheap shot advice from Derek fisher or something?
Dwayne_Johnson23::hahaha good point
Dwayne_Johnson23::What's your problem?
PP owns Rondo::PP &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Bass and Rondo
Jdzspace::PP&gt; Nobody
PP owns Rondo::Bass is terrible
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::Pierce had a wonderful night.
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::I would say he was out of shape, but he's always fat.
paulleena12::Did not think I would be saying this but Bass has become very efficient offensively.
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::I knew Bass would find his game. He's actually one of my favorite players on the team.
bruins fan for life::allright Celtics fans gtg I have school tomorrow I don't want to go but I have too
bruins fan for life::well I was wrong
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::Where is my Paul Pierce??  - Wheelchair
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::Look at your username. Apply the same to this lame comment.
bruins fan for life::cena wins
_I Am A Celtic_::Cena wins!!
PP owns Rondo::Is the Rock winning?
bruins fan for life::ok for whoever thinks zigler is going to cash in he cant he can only cash in for the smackdown  title
_I Am A Celtic_::You 100% sure? I've read otherwise
bruins fan for life::heres proof http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Money_in_the_Bank_(2012)
_I Am A Celtic_::I'm not sold
bruins fan for life::yes when he won they had 2 ladder matches one for raw and one for smackdown  and zigler won the smackdown one so unless vince gives him the raw contract he can only cash in for the smackdown title
ovechkinsgoal::that said, is there any point in having the playoffs?  just start the okc-miami finals already.
ovechkinsgoal::this game is a reality check for the wizards.  it was good to see them get spanked by a better team.  they've made progress since wall returned but when healthy this isn't any better than a 500 team.  still need several more pieces.
bruins fan for life::who in the blue hell are you
_I Am A Celtic_::I love the rock but I don't see him winning here
bruins fan for life::cena lady parts lol
_I Am A Celtic_::You can't see me! My time is now!
bruins fan for life::well cena gets cheers and boos
bruins fan for life::so does anyone think its going to be a shocking end to rock vs cena
_I Am A Celtic_::I'm thinking ziggler
Beantown Showdown::Triple H wins.
bruins fan for life::hhh won now its time for the big match lets see if im right and rock or cena turn heal
_I Am A Celtic_::Still another match they have to do first
_I Am A Celtic_::My bad. I was thinking of some tag match. Cena is next
bruins fan for life::who is it
_I Am A Celtic_::Triple H wins
bruins fan for life::anyone going to watch the fallout of WrestleMania on raw
Celtics_Red Sox_Pats_Mavs::if chris jericho makes an appearance
Celtics_Red Sox_Pats_Mavs::good to see the celtics finally healthy again
cbone2316::lol why are we talking about wrestling this is nba baby CATCH-UP!!!!
KeithStone.x462::New England Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski "very likely" will require another surgery before the season starts, this one to remove a one way valve inserted in his rectum to ensure no foreign bodies are inserted, two sources told ESPNBoston.com's Mike Reiss.  If another surgery is required, the estimate for a recovery would be about 10 weeks. Depending on when the surgery can be performed, which would be determined by whether the infection from prior FB insertions is completely eradicated, Gronkowski's availability for the start of the 2013 season could be affected.
Beantown Showdown::Can Shawn please stop running away and do the sweet chin music to the chin?
Beantown Showdown::well... at least he tried...
