Jared Keen::These commentators need to be fired. Do they even watch basketball? "brewer doesnt get alot of blocks, its hard to get blocks from the guard position" first ive heard hes a guard? Rubio is scared to shoot - hes shooting 6 a game over his last 5, and 8 per game on the season, considering he has 4 other scorers in the starting line up 8 attempts per game isnt bad.
Randy Ragsdale::Jazz will probably win this one.  LOL..........(Scoffs) Yeah, I doubt it. The Wolves are going to win this game and hopefully get their swagger back so they can make a good run at the Playoffs. Dallas has some momentum on their sides now that they've won twenty-five games, but with that team's tendency to have off-nights and given the age of that team, there's still sufficient time for either the Grizzlies, Nuggets or Wolves to make a Playoff run and go hard for that eighth spot.
Nate Stein::Why dont we send Budinger back to the D-League to rehab from the injury? He clearly isnt back yet, he needs more conditioning and he needs to get his shot back with more reps. We have a log jam at SG/SF with Hummel/Muhamed sitting there doing nothing most nights and Chase is struggling.
Jesse Huber::I'm still honoring my pledge: will not watch the Wolves until they win 4 games in a row or have totaled at least 4 wins by 4 points or less.... Join me in the 4-4-4-Pledge! GO WOLVES! ... Jazz fans, I haven't watched after what happened against Phoenix.
Matthew Adam Lee::Im sure the wolves organization will miss your presence watching from your couch.
Nate Stein::What is the ref doing? Shved is sitting on the court with blood pouring, not dripping out of his nose. I thought it looked like a clean block, no foul, but you have to stop play with blood pouring out of a guys nose
Jared Keen::Broke his nose too. The block on Cunningham was all over the arms aswell. One second they call a foul which is barely a touch on Love for the wolves and then they miss clear fouls on other plays. Refs need to be consistent. It ruins both teams momentum.
Jeff Hinds::Jazz looking for some revenge tonight.....the Bigs need to take this game personally, as Love and Pek took it to them last game...... http://anotherlevelsports.blogspot.com/
Chris Paisley::Please please PLEASE tell me there are no Seahawk fans that I have to listen to in this chat.  For the love of God and all that is holy, please.
Jesse Hiatt::Jazz will probably win this one. The Jazz have been on a 1 win/1 loss pattern for over a month, the Jazz are home, and the Jazz's pride was wounded after last game... I don't see the Jazz shooting 28.8% again this game. I expect big rebound games from Burke, Burks, Favors, and Kanter.
Preston Tripp::Its great you're that optimistic. but I think the jazz will lose a close one. Jazz are not good at guarding the stretch 4 player. Kevin Love is a beast.
Jesse Hiatt::Preston Tripp I dunno, Love only had 18 pts last game, he was actually defended better then most other teams do since Love averages 25 ppg... if the Jazz could have contained Martin and Pekovic they probably wouldn't have lost... then again if the Jazz had shot to their 44% average they statistically wouldn't have lost either.
Preston Tripp::Jesse Hiatt maybe so, but I don't think they will win. can they? yes.
Brad Bauman::Wolves will win this one coming off a big win against the Jazz last game there going to keep the momentum going tonight. Let's go Wolves
Joe Coburn::Its sad that as a Wolves fan, I can not get comfortable with a game unless were up by at least 20.....
Casey McPartlan::Want to know why K Love is not an MVP?  All his defensive plays like at 2:56 in second quarter.
Joe Coburn::Game time, lets go Wolves, winning streaks DO exist.
Francis Gagné::T-A-N-K-I-N-G !!!!!!!
Joe Coburn::Thank god crybaby grapeman is gone.
Nate Stein::you mean the troll?
Joe Coburn::Great first quarter. 34-18
Jeffrey Reed::Go Wolves! :)
Dareion Asch::If the Wolves could get ANY kind of normalcy from their bench, they would be at least 6-8 wins better record-wise. That has to be addressed before the trade deadline!
Matthew Adam Lee::What I find crazy is that robbie hummel hasnt gotten any run lately. I felt like he was a very solid 9th man with our current bench resources. out of all those shots bud has shot im sure hummel would have converted a couple.
Joe Coburn::Why not use both? I mean, why not go unorthodox with our bench? I would love to see Hummel take some minutes away from that scrub Daunte.
Nate Stein::If Bud can get his game legs back he is the better overall player of the two, but Humel was very hot while Bud was out. Theyre just trying to get him back in the grove
Matthew Adam Lee::Its just plain unfair that hummel is not on the 12 man roster but shabazz is??? I thought adeleman had a rager for hummel with his solid give you everything play.
Jay Weisser::up by 17 with under 4 to go. Why doesn't Adelman put the rookies in? I think Adelman is over rated as a coach. He's seen his better days. team is 0-11 in games decided by less than 4. Some of that falls on the coaching!!!!
Matt Elmore::It's pretty scary when you see a team lose by double digits despite being relatively even with their opponent across the box score
Gilbert Grape::jazz win they are getting Hayward back always play good at home and they want revenge lets go jazz
Jamie Homewood::No. The Jazz must keep losing. I'm still holding out hope for a top 3 pick.
Jared Keen::K Love alright? He seemed to be running very stiff legged and slower than normal.
Anthony Wing::7 assists so far almost a triple d, you cant be perfect. you ask too much
Jared Keen::Anthony Wing it was just the first quarter he seemed like he was moving alot slower than normal, few times back down court even pek was outrunning him, was just wondering if he was hurt or something. He seemed to loosen up very good by the 2nd though so guess was just a needing to warm up abit more or something. I dont know how asking if someone is alright is asking too much of them though....
Anthony Wing::burke never smiled when we drafted him. but now hes in utah. id rather be here.
Jamie Homewood::Utah isn't all bad!
Anthony Wing::Jamie Homewood tell that to burke. neither of us get any love from espn (sota or utah)
Jamie Homewood::Anthony Wing Meh, neither does San Antonio.
Gilbert Grape::yea forget that refs took them out of the game early tonight lol dirty dirty
Joe Coburn::Maybe the Jazz players shouldn't foul so often.
Gilbert Grape::ya pussy calls love is flopping in 1st quarter at least should be 6 7 point game
Joe Coburn::Gilbert Grape ok emo, go eat your grapes.
Michael Cheatham::When Richard Jefferson starts for your team you are not going to be good
Jamie Homewood::and that's what we want!
