PK009::Not hating on tebow but comparing him to jlin is an insult to Lin. Tebow horrible passer bad fundamentals but won games bc of Brian Dawkins and the defense playing out of their mind. Jeremy Lin is fundamentally sound with great decision making court vision and makes everyone else better. Tebows skill level at his sport is average and that's being generous
Sevn_dedly_sins::somebody tell the spurs that were comin for that #1 spot. Go Rockets
greenspoint281::Lol the Rockets starters are -   while the bench are +
thefalcon56::I feel bad for Steve because he is still so talented but his talents are going to waste because the rest of his team sucks, he was 100 percent on field goals with 7 assists. He should go to LA now that Chauncey is done.
LeggoTexans_2012::pretty impressed the rockets keep finding ways to win with 0 all stars, and Kevin Martin  WAKE THE FUCK UP!!
jairushawkins::Winning this road stretch will really help us because were even better at home.
bzg2392::Steve Nash is a straight up BOSS!!
jasondmce1978::Suns need to trade Shannon Brown and Hakim Warrick for some draft picks if they can't get off the bench because these dudes can ball.
ChuckOlajuwon::Rockets starting guards,  combined 16 points on 6-15 shooting 2 assist and 5 turnovers.  The Back up guards, 21 points on 9-17, 13 assists and 4 to.  Ill take B.
ChuckOlajuwon::K Mart, another no show, go figure.  Move him Rockets while we can still get at least a little something for him!  Avg 6.4 points in last 5 games.  And the rest of the season has been hit or miss.  This guy was nails last year.  Hope he really still aint sulking over the failed trade?  But this day in age I wouldnt be surprised if he was, so sensitive.
itstribetimenow24::He played 15 minutes not much time to get into a rhythm.  Just coming off an a injury and who knows hes probably not 100% healthy. The only way to treat his injury is rest and there is no time for that.  Give him time he will be fine
H-TownTEX5040::Dude he's fine...He's had a couple of bad games were you saying this during K Lowrys bad stretch of games??
Manifesto345::Is Steve Nash still relevant? Yeeeah he is. Yeeeah.
ThirdCoastTexan::http://games.espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=6oscdaf   good trade?  Rockets gets rid of dead weight and gets a great young SG. OKC gets the biggest acquisition in the NBA. Clippers get the SG they need. Orlando gets rid of Turkoglu's contract and gets some nice pieces in return...throw in 1st from Houston and OKC to Orlando.
natskivna::I don't see OKC doing this.  Why break up a good young winning core for a guy who might be a rental.  Even if it IS Dwight Howard.
ThirdCoastTexan::ya pretty unrealistic, but i think its a fair deal for all. Dwight WILL leave orlando, so they might as well get something for him and like you said, OKC is #1 right now so they wont break it up. I just want Harden...he is good
ThirdCoastTexan::trying to get James Harden on the Rockets lol
ThirdCoastTexan::http://games.espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=866mdj2  little different. i like the 1st one better
rpg1hero::This is the strangest +/- game I've ever seen...????
ChuckOlajuwon::Yeah, if you figure the starters play most of the 1st and 3rd quarters, phoenix won that 61-46!  2nd and 4th quarters with backups, Rockets win 50-28.  Someone is playing defense. Defense is effort. Play the guys that play hard.
tgreeson80::Agree.  There has to be a record in there somewhere.  Like the last time the whole starting five off the bench all scored in double figures and the starters only two did.  It was the first thing I noticed, lol.
11jswift::Chandler parsons needs to take a seat. It ticks me off that chase budinger has been in the league for years now and kevin mchale throws him on the bench for parsons. Budinger has more of an all around game at the sf and is athletic as hell. Budinger has hops for yall who didnt know. Go watch his higlights for confromation. He has been more consistent than parsons and i believe he should start.
Sevn_dedly_sins::You guys all missed the fact that chase is not as good a defender as Parsons. That's why he's starting. Plus having some scoring off the bench. Also Chase is a terrible rebounder especially offensively.
11jswift::as long as their winning then i could understand him not wanting to mess with the scheme of things. i also believe in your point as well. he showed us something against portland. And parsons has no touch. Mchale trust every single player on his roster like every coach should. If a players is off then he will let another player have a chance and vise versa. Mchale wont blatantly remove guys out of his starting five tho unless necesarry. Dalembert has been suckin it up too lately but he is still stickin with him. Thats why i do respect kevin mchale. So all plans are good for the most part. I do like chase more than parsons tho.
natskivna::Don't change nothing.  We are winning lately and the bench is kicking BUTT.
HunterSkunter::Everyone watching thinks that, McHale is the only one that doesn't, but to be fair he's also providing a real scoring option off of the bench. Maybe he's there for a spark, I don't know, but he definitely deserves to start.
ThirdCoastTexan::http://games.espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=6vdfo4f   :)
JOE CARLS::u SMELL what the Rock is cooking????Its a good draft pick in the making!
natskivna::Rockets 13-4 since January 10th including 6-3 on the road.
Fellas2377::Stupid Suns
11jswift::Dragic is typically a guy u want starting for your team. Him and kyle lowry are interchangible. With steve nash on the cusp of retirement , i dont know why they would let dragic go. he is a legitamate starting pg in my books. He and jeremy lin are very similar. Nothing flashy but get the job done. Thats a huge loss for the suns. They have ronnie price as a back up now and he is more than irrelevant. Even having dragic as a back up on ur team is wonderful and they let that go. Sucks for them. He let the suns know why they shouldnt of traded him after tonites performance.
11jswift::Jeremy lin also compared his game to that of dragic. And look what jeremy lin is doing rite now.
11jswift::He only averaged like 16 minutes a game on the suns. He isnt god. Look at hist career statistics before you speak.
JOE CARLS::thats how players get overpaid............ahlah  Jerome James!!!!
JOE CARLS::u are CRAZY!!! That would be another inconsistent player to go with what we got now!!! it was ONE GAME in the playoffs get real
11jswift::Your joking right?? Im pretty sure we all remember when dragic had 24 points in the fourth quarter against the spurs a couple years back with the suns. The kids got game. If your comparing him to nash then maybe that would be a reasonable statement but i think he played pretty well in his stint with the suns.
JOE CARLS::he had ONE game man seriously i remember more shi tty games than good
JOE CARLS::Dragic sucked on the Suns i dont get why people act differently
11jswift::i am truly an orlando magic fan with houston being my second favorite. Ive been in love with courtney lee ever since he played with orlando. He helped us reach the finals that year. Orlando was dumb for letting him go. It really does kill me. At first i mainly liked houston for kevin martin and courtney lee but i love houston as a team. I  use them all the time when i play nba 2k. Lol. I can name every player on the roster straight off the top.
natskivna::As a Houston fan, we have SO many great young players that nobody knows about.  Scola and Martin NEED to be traded somewhere to make room for Patterson and Lee.  Dragic is fantastic.  Amazing what he can do when his confidence is high.
BillkillsBugs::Goran Dragic MVP...........could happen.
JOE CARLS::yeah in the D-League ya RE_T ARD
stros84::You're right Carls. You are much better of with Michael Redd's plastic knees.
rjerden70::ROCKETS AND TEXANS HAVE THE NEXT MAN UP MENTALITY!
BillkillsBugs::I notice Dragic on the floor running things 4th quarter in games I have watched.  He wrecks havoc and opens up shots for his team mates.  Bummer that Phoenix did not keep him so we would have someone to spell Nash and ease in when he retires.
IAMpunter2609::The rockets bench torched the suns.
Seven13Hou::they better get it together cause the next team can put points up quick and they need the points from Martin
Adrianch01::Martin is still ticked off of what the Rockets tried to do this off season.
sspuler063::Then why doesn't he do the right thing and prove that he's the man?
JOE CARLS::YES BRING ON THE DRAFT $@%!$@%!!! we will recover like OKC did
stros84::You're team is closer to complete collapse than recovery.
etaUpike07::scola wouldnt be so bad if he tried on defense
Seven13Hou::Whats up with the starters ?!
etaUpike07::they need to turn it around or they will be sitting on the bench
rjerden70::If the Rockets would start drawing fouls and get to the line, we would kill everybody. That's going to be something that will make or break us this year.
rjerden70::That's a cry baby excuse.
rocketsin05::The problem is we are drawing fouls but because we have players named Lowry and Dragic instead of Kobe and Wade and Lebron they arent being called.
ThirdCoastTexan::^^^ this ^^^
rjerden70::We are last in the league in free throws attempted, think how many points can be made off of foul shots...
etaUpike07::no they just need to play in the third quarter and not many teams will beat them
whydavid::Congrats Rockets fans!  Suns fans...only 140 days until the draft.  Let's hope we can find some supporting pieces for Lopez and Frye.    Night all.
degjoe06::Well if that's the way you want to go the Rockets will gladly take Gortat from you :P And yes I think whydavid is being sarcastic
JOE CARLS::yeah we got SOME re $@%! ED  SUNS fans if they thin u build around Lopez and Frye
Nezneld::some supporting pieces for Lopez and Frye????? Seriously? That's what you think we Suns fans should look forward to?  I'm reaching for a bottle of vodka as I type this. The even more horrifying thing is...4 people liked your comment.
oscarzaragoza::Trade KMart and Scola, move up Courtney Lee and Patrick Patterson. Cut Thabeet, bring up Marcus Morris to back up Patterson, and trade T-Will for a SG.
degjoe06::all the 2009 busts on the Rockets are free agents next season. They will all be traded to teams that need cap relief, cut payroll for next year's free agents or to a team that needs a pg in Flynn's case (although it's just the Knicks&amp;Lakers who want him and want to give us crap in return). But I agree package Martin with one or two of the busts (I think we will probably keep Hill) for somebody productive. Hey Sun fans you want these guys for Gortat? Maybe we can give you back your draft pick you gave us for Brooks also? We have to keep Scola though...bring him off the bench for quick points
oscarzaragoza::I really like Scola and KMart but they've been disappointing me a lot this season.
rj10328::Scola has his off days and has his good days..his good days defiantly outweighs his off days though
rj10328::horrible..just horrible
greenspoint281::u forgot about flynn
Adrianch01::The Rockets can't cut Flynn because he has a guaranteed contract..I'm pretty sure the Rockets don't want to pay the rest of his contract.
oscarzaragoza::I left him out because he might get traded within the next couple of weeks
jairushawkins::The Rockets closing games ? Clutch City
1ooclicck::time to go $@% with the thunder bored
I know things many do not::Wasn't our record about this last year?
greenspoint281::there goes Kmart trade values
PowerSurgeRulesForever::Rockets will put it all together like Giants did and make a crazy run that nobody expects due to other teams being worn out by the crazy NBA regular season.
Adrianch01::The Giants went all the way because of there strong pitching staff. As for the Rockets, the past couple of games they've been hitting there stride on defense in the 4th quarter. The only problem with them is that they lack the effort in the 3rd quarter.
Adrianch01::Oh, forgot about the New york team..lol
Chancemc123::I think he meant the new york giants bro not a world series run that happened 3 years ago
Forkitout24::Danimal, It's time to go give KFC hell on CAL board.
thewolf1616::is that a picture of mark henery? LOL
KingDanimalTheAnimalASUFan28::Sounds good
rocketsin05::Dragic is really a very under rated player in this league. I really like his game. Rockets now 16-11
rocketsin05::It was also after that trade the Rockets made there run and finished the season strong. Kevin Mchale is doing a great job coaching this team.
rocketsin05::Yeah I still don't understand that trade. From the Rockets p;ointy of view I did but not the Suns.
Orange602::Shows you how stupid Suns' management is
Orange602::Suns never should have traded him
littlebabylalash::Bunch of theiving f###Ing $@%!$@.....  These $@%!$@% are going to find out in the next life.........  They think it is funny to cheat of people? They will find out in the next life...  I hope the extra money these $@%!$@% got for fixing this game is wirth it, because they are going to burn in helll.........  Playing a team that is on a road back to back, 3rd game in 4 night, build a good lead by running an dgunning, then you decide to slow it down?  These $@%!$@% are slaves and worship money......They will find out
rjerden70::I remember my first loss...
oscarzaragoza::I hope you don't think the Suns got cheated..
Chancemc123::Maybe if you were better at betting this wouldn't have happened
Orange602::HAHAHAHAHA
I know things many do not::What the
ThirdCoastTexan::Scola and Martin are blackholes on Defense. Trade them for a good young SG. Start Patrick Patterson in Scola's spot. Bring Morris up from D League to back him up....BOOM
degjoe06::Morris is being groomed to be a small forward. He is smaller than P-Pat. The only advantage you would have would be on the offensive end with Morris because he will be over powered on the D-end against bigger PF and then what do you have? Yes the same thing as Scola but without the veteran savvy that he has. I say flip PPAT and Scola keep grooming Morris at SF. Trade KMart and a couple of the 09 busts (except Hill only bc we have no other options at center after Dalembert).
PowerSurgeRulesForever::Morris should get a shot. I agree.
HennyAndCheetos::I'm confident K.Mart will get back in rhythm, he's one of the best pure scorers in the NBA
PowerSurgeRulesForever::Probably hiding an injury.
PowerSurgeRulesForever::16 and 11. NUF SAID.
TylerSchoenke::Might as well trade your starters I need kmart on a team where he's gonna play...ridicb
TylerSchoenke::He won't get back in the rythem riding the pine
etaUpike07::haha he has played awful. best interest of the team to sit him
cam3593::or maybe there is a trade in the works for kmart?
cam3593::he hasnt played a whole lot and why risk injury?
I know things many do not::Certainly not improving his trade value
huskersfan409::no he just sucks lol
cam3593::well i dont want to admit it yet he sucks on D but im gonna hold hope lol
I know things many do not::*Sigh* Arizona sports
I know things many do not::At least we have the Dbacks...
bunksplace::Nash didn't take a shot in the final 3  minutes.  What team strategy.
cole7171995::what the hell is mchale doing? put in ur starters and not your bench k-mart gets 13 minutes the past three games each. this is so stupid
BillkillsBugs::Houston played great defense.  Suns could have used Dragic to help scatter the defense but he is playing for the wrong team now :(
cole7171995::i dont like the rockets... k-marts just my starting sg on my fantasy team
Chancemc123::Im pretty sure kevin mchale has your fantasy team in mind when hes coaching games.
KembaUGA::he has him on his fantasy team and hes pissed.. lol
cole7171995::exactly haha
DuaneXC::I thought it was a terrible hire but, right now it looks great.
rjerden70::I think we won those games didn't we?
greenspoint281::i would sit his $@% on the bench to
ThirdCoastTexan::i like how he questions the coach yet the Rockets are winning
DuaneXC::Are you high?  We are winning games.
Chancemc123::Theyve won the past 3 games... 2nd unit has been amazing
Adrianch01::He has been playing horrible, if I was the coach, I would bench him too..
Forkitout24::Where are his eyebrows?
ThirdCoastTexan::*are
KingDanimalTheAnimalASUFan28::Lol  Allen had a good game
Forkitout24::Sorry about the C's dude.
KingDanimalTheAnimalASUFan28::^^ Really?    Idiot
Forkitout24::ooops grammar cops got me!!!!  thanks!  I should have known. I wiil change it above. I am a grammar freak also
Forkitout24::Interviewing the Albino
Forkitout24::and they gave a prop to the UOFA wildcats.....uggghhhhh!!
huskersfan409::What the hell are those things coming out of Dragics mouth? IS THAT ENGLISH?
