ejdomingo::Skip Bayless must be speechless his Cowboys lost to the Giants and the Mavericks were beat by the Timberwolves.  Happy New Year Dallas.
speakmemory::Worried yet, Mavericks fans?  Lakers fan here- there's not much to be proud of from my squad as well - I predicted this when Dallas lost Barea and Chandler, not because those two were such amazing players but because of the disturbed chemistry - Thinking that bringing in Carter and Odom would be the solution - well, what do you think about those moves?
Sainthubbins56::I can understand the built in hatred for a player that has never played in the US due to this website having to put out hype articles with no content  to keep the hype rolling.  I was a Rubio hater until the day he signed.  The reality is he is good, he easily deserves to be playing in the NBA, when he is in the game average players become better (Tolliver seems to like having him around doesn't he? or our entire bench), he shoots way better than what was reported.  Yeah, we are only four games into an asterisk season but if you are a T'pup fan first and NBA fan second you'd understand the gargantuan impact he is having on this team.
Giggityiggity::Cavs fan, but I like what I saw from Derrick Williams.  16 min, 7 rebs, 3 stls, 0 turnovers.  Turnovers and Michael Beasley are gonna keep him from getting real playing time and only one of those things he can control.
kevin77732::dailysports77.wordpress.com read this blog
mark35345::Lamar Odom at best plays hard two out of every three nights (he's out of shape now so he's regularly playing poorly). Can Jason Kidd defy Father Time? Everyone knows Vince Carter is nothing but an underachiever come playoff time. The Mavericks have caught the Laker disease: complacency.
speakmemory::That is what we Lakers fans have dealt with for years!!!!  It happens to championship teams - There's a natural letdown after finally achieving your goal. m  A team can't experience this until they become champs - Hungry teams are never complacent -
CANNON2016::I am 44 years old, and have been an NBA enthusiast since my teenage years.   I know good ball players when I see them.  Kevin Love is the real deal.  Not only can he score, but his rebounding skills are second to none in the game.  I enjoy just getting up in the morning and reading the box scores just to see how many rebounds he pulled, more so than his points.    Now, Rubio on the other hand is a player that the media is attempting to make into a star without him having earned it.  The sad part is that many fans are blindly buying into it without doing any research whatsoever.  If you've followed this guy while he was in Spain, his numbers were always comparable to someone that would sit the bench over here in the NBA.   I think some of you are just looking for the next "Great White Hope" and will grab at any little stick that is presented to you.  Rubio is not that stick!
FantasyNazi::Cannon, you do know that Kevin Love "the real deal"  is white right?  As for Ricky, many people didn't know what to expect.  Coming into the year most people thought he would be a bust.   He has played well in his first 4 games as a 21 year old rookie and has held his own against some of the league's best players so far.  Has he proven anything yet? No, but he doesn't deserve your hate either.
d.mccue83::yeah but haters are the best. comparing what someone did in spain with far less talent around him, a COMPLETELY different offensive system. there is no up and down fast pace basketball. that doesn't exist in spain. he barely played. he shot even less than he played. they didn't want him shooting. so how would you know if he can shoot or not? there's a reason he's been so hyped. and why half the nba analysts picked him to win ROY...it isn't by blind faith...they watched film..watched games...talked to his coaches in spain..they know more than you Cannon. you're childish, egotistical, and dilusional.
spelbc::well this is comical, if you can't see that Rubio has immense potential you just don't know basketball. No other way to put that.
jperez78::and another thing cannon!......how good a shooter was jason kidd coming out of college, you must know being 44 and all.  rubio schooled cris paul in the olympics and he was only 18 buddy
jperez78::yea cannon go look at how the euro league is played!!!!!!!  seniority rules and you can mug people defensively, and if you look at rubio's stats then u should know in the euro's, his stats were identical to brandon jennings.....starting pg for milwaukee
TheMenace72::wow Cannon, you're brilliant...Love is a player? you sure know talent...  as for Rubio...he's worth far more to his team than stats...you ding dong...
stapike::Sorry, but experts on ESPN after his third game already said he had the best court vision in the LEAGUE. They also said his shot will develop in time. You can't compare his games in spain because players GET BETTER. Rubio said he was working on his jump shot in the off season. Doesn't that show?? And he has another 15 years to work on it. If we need scoring he can PASS it and find people like he does every game or we can bring in Luke or J.J. Thats the luxury the t-wolves have with 3 good/solid PG's. I'm sorry, but you're just another Rubio hater that will disapear like the rest of them have soon enough. Not to mention if you have watched ALL the t-wolves games. He isn't starting(putting up 15ish last two games with close to 10 dimes...as a bench player and people missing shots a lot some games) and when he is on the court...its blatenly obvious the offense is worked so much more smoother and effecient. So I'm sorry...Ricky will probably win RoY if he keeps it up and have this team in the playoffs with the beast K-Love and the rest of there top 5 pick lottery talent and they continue to develop mentored by Rick Adelman.
CANNON2016::"Sorry, but experts on ESPN after his third game already said he had the best court vision in the LEAGUE."  HOMERS ARE THE BEST!!!
stapike::Go check rubio's stats in the 4th quarter this season "cannon". Lebron could learn a damn good thing from Rubio.
100percenthustle::And you followed him in Spain? You probably just looked at his stats and never watched a single game. You can't compare those stats to NBA stats anyways.
angelocody::@CANNON2016: What is with you and the "Great White Hope"? When did this become a race thing? The kid can play and no matter if he was black, brown, purple or pink he would get the same exact attention. I havn't heard ANYONE either say that he is anything compared to a top 10 point guard, but look at John Wall. What has he done? You remember all the hype he got coming into the league in that he was going to be the next great thing? Who knows, he could, but again....John Wall is in the same boat in that he is only 21 years old.   You need to stop playing the race card. You may not like his play or may disagree in that he can be good, but you can't deny that he has been huge for the Wolves and has a ton of potential. The Wolves play my Spurs tonight so I can give a full report back on what I think of him after a first hand viewing.
CANNON2016::Vikes......your comment is even funnier than 100's.    "Damn, top10 after his very first 4 NBA games?"  Yes, it's only been 4 games!  Do you see the irony?  You're wanting to crown him the next John Stockton after only 4 games.    This guy has a 4 year sample card in Spain that says he will not be what you wish him to be.
CANNON2016::100, you're the same type of person that I spoke of in my original statement.  You want Rubio to succeed so that you can have a "Great White Hope" but you're not willing to look at the obvious.  He's just not that good.    Every race does it.  No need to be offended.  I'm just saying...........
Vikeslegit::Damn, top10 after his very first 4 NBA games?  You're not expecting much, are you? Dude, you're point is that he's not going to be great based on stats when he hadn't hit puberty yet. Is that all you got?
CANNON2016::I've actually watched his games.    Please tell me 100, what makes you think he's better than the top 10 point guards in the NBA right now?
100percenthustle::Rubio is the real deal. Why do you think his stats are so good in limited playing time over here?
angelocody::@CANNON2016:  The kid is 21 years old and CLEARLY one of the Wolves top players already. Look at any top 3 rookie that comes into the league and the hype they get. This is the same type of deal. Rubio was considered one of the top European players out there....he is going to get attention.
CANNON2016::100......I never called Rubio's stats good.  I actually think they are atrocious when compared to the hype that he is getting with the National media coverage.
Vikeslegit::I totally agree with you on Kevin Love, and totally disagree with you on Rubio. The guy has court vision, a skill rarely possessed by an NBA point guard these days. Rubio will fill the dime stat sheet once he starts. And he has work ethic too, his shot is getting better and will continue to improve. He's got a great shot percentage already, but I'm sure that will go down a little at some point. Point is, he's a good kid that loves the game, and oh, he's got some god given talent too. I understand all we are grabbing at is a stick right now, but who are you to say he isn't the next "great white hope"? Based on stats in spain when he was a teenager playing pro ball?????
Bigmayne313::Amen brother!
bearfan3485::Dallas deserves this season that is coming their way and its your owners fault....You added NOBODY and lost a KEY piece of last years team. AND Dallas doesn't have ANYONE besides Dirk to offer for Howard(I know isn't happening)  and your late 1st round picks ARE Useless in the NBA....and No one wants a 55 year old J. Terry.
speakmemory::How quickly you turn!  This is the SAME Jason Terry that won the title for you.
01AmberBock::Once the Wolves learn to close games out they will be pretty good. 50/50 chance of the playoffs this season. Youngest team in bb and will only get better if they can keep this team together 2-3 years.
Malcom Floyd the Barber of Marion::Wasn't it cute when Dallas won the title last year?
yesnyc13::Kevin love reminds me of the powerfowards in the 90s. Rugged and grabs rebounds all day with points in the 20s.
yesnyc13::best powerfoward in the game..  KEVIN LOVE.. what a beast
duncan21dynasty::Have to give Rubio his props. I was wrong about him. Thought he seemed highly overrated, but thus far, he's had an impact.
CANNON2016::No......your first hunch was correct.  He is highly overrated.
stapike::You're highly stupid. Cannon
100percenthustle::nope
eototal::Wow! Anyone that is saying Ridnour is solid please go get your eyes checked!
md7152::He is solid and my eyes are just fine.  Pretty consistent over the years.
Darzini::DeMarcus Cousins on this team would be a boon, if he could learn to control his attitude. Pack up Johnson and Ridnour and a draft pick for him.
vikesfan0013::Cousins is an idiot and this team's chemistry is too good to add a loose cannon like him.
TheVilleCards_502::"I think we're a better team than last year". -Mark Cuban
mhardie6::if thats true than all the nba teams have gotten 2 times better haha
mhardie6::i like it that mavs still think they'll win the finals
Darzini::Rubio is John Stockton and Kevin Love is a better rebounding Karl Malone. The Wolves should run the Pick and Roll like the Jazz did in the 90s.
Darzini::Shaking my head at people who don't understand what a comparison is -- of course he isn't John Stockton. No one ever will be, but on this team he is capable of filling the role given he has Kevin Love to pass to.
Bigmayne313::how dare u insult stockton like that? Stockton is a HOF player, Rubio doesnt even look like an allstar smh at bandwagon fans
vikesfan0013::Regarding Rubio, the stat that said it all for me was 21 points, 14 assists and 9 rebounds in the fourth quarters this season.  That's a pretty good start.
itsaboutteam::Ridnour is pretty solid.  I like that they're bringing Rubio along slowly for awhile.  There is no big hurry to start him.  Luke R. will give way to Rubio at some point, but it doesn't have to be right now.     I still don't know why the signed Barea..or why Barea chose to sign with them.
Darzini::Because it gives them times where they can go small, also, Barea is a far better PG which gives you the ability to trade Luke for a better player. Maybe, just maybe, you can put a Wes Johnson/Luke R package together for DeMarcus Cousins in Sacramento?
100percenthustle::Also I don't think any teams would need to give up that much for Cousins. Remember we only gave up a 2nd round draft pick for Beasley.  The best thing the Kings could probably get would be a 2nd round draft pick.
marcsmirk::The Wolves passed on Cousins in the draft because they thought he might be a locker room cancer.  Now that he's PROVEN to be one, there is no way in the world they trade for him.  If the Wolves package a couple of players it won't be for a head case like Cousins.  They need a two guard who can create their own shot and be a scorer.
itsaboutteam::Rubio looks pretty good so far.  The biggest reveal is that the NBA game is not too fast nor too athletic for him to get it done as a point guard in this league.   The comments below saying he won't be able to hang with top point guards are bogus (DWill, CP3, etc.).    Look at Steve Nash...he is stellar on offense, but his defense is average at best.  It's not like they ran Nash out of the league because he's not a great defensive guard.  To the contrary..he's a 2 time MVP.  Who are all these great offensive point guards who are all also lock down defenders?  They are few and far between.
tdogs1899::So who here still feels confident about Rubio?
raven.5200::I knew the Mavs were frauds.
SIRNUPEY34::Not sold on Rubio just yet. Maybe next year will tell what type of NBA player he will be. Seen a lot of guys like him come into the NBA and get loss in the hype. If he hadn't had so much hype, then so much won't have been expected.
24Erick24::I don't think he's  watched one single game or highlight of the Wolves this year.  Even PGs like CP3 would sturggle guarding D Rose.  That being said, Rubio held his own against a 'real" PG in Westbrook (broke @$$).  Rubio forced the Heat to D him up with LeBron and last night he was  a serious factor in getting about 8 open looks with the Wolves in the 4th quarter...not to bad considering the NBA has been back for a week.  It will only get better once he gets use to playing with our squad.  And now all of these experts will say "hey, this kid can actually score too".
eototal::You obviously don't watch any of the Wolves games.
Bigmayne313::Rubio will be the next Jose Calderon, dont get me wrong he is decent, but he will get his a$$ handed to him by real pg, like D Williams, CP3, Westbrook, D Rose, Rondo, the list goes on. IMO he is not fast enough to keep up with the pg of the league. Lets just see what he looks like 20 games in. The T Wolves started out the same way last year without Rubio so i dont see what all the fuss is about
sonchopanza::I have watched this Rubio the last two games and he's very crafty.  He uses his angles very well and know where everybody is.  His jumpshot is fluid and looks pretty good so far.    fun to watch
rbvikes1605::Rubio is a stud and will be a great PG
SIRNUPEY34::Also, I didn't see the Mavs game, so I may have missed a great game from Rubio. I only saw in the stats 14pts and 7assist
hookemhorns972::I still love my MAVS! Cant love the Cowboys right now..................... damn giants...............
Rayray_1121::them cowboys,man.... tsk tsk tsk
phatfour20::everything is bigger in texas even there losses!!!!!
m4gor::i watched all twolves games so far (which is miracle itself) but i couldnt help myself, Rubio is giving to this team so much, everyone is working hard to get open because he knows that there is pass flying in the air flying .. Rubio is also getting most of stats while coming off the bench with K Love tired or benched at that time, which is even more impressive .. he should be starter and get minutes with K Love on the floor and not coming off bench and being paired with Williams who is not that much NBA ready as Rubio right now ..
earlealston::Truly a sad day when the most efficient shooter on your team for the night is DELONTE WEST. lol
kbfs62::i think Cuban saw Moneyball and took it really to heart.  He wants to be the Billy Beane of basketball.
cafisher159::I don't know when it exactly happened...but I'm a big fan of Rubio. Hope he does great things in the NBA and good luck to Minnesota!
flybye23::how tall is Dirk ???   and only 4 rebounds ???  lmao and another Mavs loss....i'm loving it.  Looks like the Heat destroyed any bit of confidence they had coming into the season when they demolished them in the first game !!!  karma is a you know what
MacFish41::Who won the title last year??? Oh ya! It was the Mavs
Ramfackled::lol
phatfour20::B I T C H !
spoofybeme2005::Hey Lamar.  you got traded.  Get over it and start playing BASKETBALL!!!!!!!
Vikeslegit::I start to feel bad for McHale that rubio and love actually look like smart moves, but then I remember the 10 other picks he fd up, and I don't feel so bad anymore.
purpledingbat::McHale gets credit for Love, which involved trading the Wolves' #3 pick OJ Mayo, but Kahn drafted Rubio and had the patience to wait two years even as the chattering classes insisted Rubio would never suit up for Minnesota.
k_nak::Wolves look like a defensive player and a 2 guard away from being a pretty solid team.  Someone like a Raja Bell in his prime would be great on this team.  Trevor Ariza would be nice.
100percenthustle::Kevin Martin or Andre Iggy
rockchalkfail::Mavs were such a fluke last year lol, wont even make playoffs now
Mikslik1::how many rings does your team have?
phatfour20::yeah and they blow a 67 win season by getting booted out in the first round of the playoffs........nuf said!
spoofybeme2005::11 seasons of 50 wins or more in a row.  GTFO.
A Red Stapler::Knock knock Who's there? 5 games into the season
Pau_Supertramp::after a year or so of listening to people say that Ricky was going to be a bust, that he would be back in Europe after one season, he can't shot, he can't defend, he looks like a camel,... it's fun to look at the stats a see him shooting 57% from the field and watching Minnesota look like a basketball team again. his numbers will go down eventually in terms of shooting, but 10 pt 7 asst 4 rb 1 st don't look like a bust to me.
leehwgoC::Rubio's nutmeg on Nowitzki is freaking priceless.    Officially makes me a fan.
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::WITH THE 1st PICK IN THE 2012 NBA DRAFT, THE DALLAS MAVERICKS SELECT....
Pau_Supertramp::Lamar's trade is starting to look like a good move...
k_nak::That pick belongs to the Lakers now doesn't it?
grjacob::Dallas looked demotivated in the game, no fire.  Must have had too much partying in the off-season.
leehwgoC::Dirk Nowitzski is such a hapless defender that the Mavs really need an elite defensive specialist to make up for it.  Chandler was that.   The addition of Odom, Carter, and West just doesn't make up for his loss.
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::NAH, THEYRE JUST SAD
shepseskaf::A conditional kudo to Rubio. I thought this kid was going to be a serious bust, but he's playing well so far. The shooting and defense are a concern, but there's no doubting his positive impact on the team.
Schoes2::has shot well thus far although hes not been asked to do too much from the field.
leehwgoC::Still too many turnovers but it's obvious how he controls the game's pace when he's on the floor.    And it's clear he makes his teammates not named Kevin Love look better than they actually are.
cobrakai2002::Seems like a team player. Pretty passes.
grjacob::Regardless how he plays individually, the team is different when he's out there and they play better.  I noticed the shots are more open which probably means he is helping space out the floor and getting the rock to the open man - what a concept!
antistratfordian::All I needed to see was one pre-season oop from him... just the way he did it... I knew then that he had something.
Gobi Sith::How Luke Ridnour even gets a minute of playing time, or is even on a NBA roster is beyond me. Wolves have some good young players if they play their cards right going forward.... Prob be smart to trade  Beasley or the overrated bust  Wes Johnson rightnow while worth something.
300poundwizard::how a team can lose to a team with Ridnour is even worse!!
TubbyTime334::Ridnour is actually solid.
md7152::Totally agree.  Solid as they come
eototal::That made me giggle
Dee34274::my neighbor's mom makes $68 an hour on the computer. She has been without work for 8 months but last month her check was $7779 just working on the computer for a few hours. Read more on this site... http://craz.in/7OgULDaf
Dee34274::my classmate's step-sister makes $85/hour on the laptop. She has been without work for 5 months but last month her pay was $8656 just working on the laptop for a few hours. Read more on this site... http://ur1.ca/74yra
sharar09::Kevin Love is the best center in the NBA I've seen this season. He's not as tall as dwight but he can play some pretty good D and can shoot a j as well as any big man in the league, nightmare match up. chalk me up as officially impressed.
phatfour20::@sharar09.....please watch more than just T-Wolves games when making that statement, as long as D12 is in the league there is no better center in the NBA....SMH
robert.gonzales23::get off the video games bud Love isnt a Center anymore
MNfreakTim::Actually he has been playing out of position most of this season. When you see Love and Williams on the floor at the same time ( every game this year ) it means that Love is playing the 5.
alex schwartz1234::I can finally come out of the closet as T-Wolves fan because they look good.
Rayray_1121::a lot of people joined the dallas and heat bandwagon last season, so i guess this guy can join the Twolves wagon... i guess that makes him happy
TubbyTime334::Join the Heat bandwagon.
MNmatt27::boooooo bandwagon fans = bleh..
genjeskhan::something the mavs might want to explore, although not popular, is trading nowitzki for deron williams. if cuban is so intent on signing a big free agent, he can start early and guarantee himself to receive one of the top three point guard's in the league, for an aging superstar.
hookemhorns972::Are you Stupid 300poundwizard???? Yes Chandler was a big part in Dallas winning the Championship and we miss him here (Im from and still live in Dallas) but Dirk is with out of doubt one of the greatest shooters in the league (and I know he's not showing it right now) and if not in history!!! How many big men do you know that can hit threes like he can or do a fade away jumper like he can?? The very first European player in history to win the MVP! Basicaly heres how it breaks down DIRK&gt;CHANDLER! Chandler has been in the league for a little over 10 years now and quite frankly nobody probably had ever heard of Tyson untill he came to Dallas. Dirk is and always will be the face of the MAVS! I dont care who steps up when hes retired and gone, and it doesnt matter if someone comes in behind him and wins a championship with Dallas, Dirk will never, EVVVVER be replaced!!!!
phatfour20::Dirk is a one sided player his defense is so bad it actually hurts his all time status. And your comment about Chandler is ridicules he was an all-star center when he played with CP3 in NO. Chandler anchored your defense last year and it could be argued without him you don't even make it out of the west to the finals.
TubbyTime334::Trade the man who just led the Mavericks to their 1st Championship, and one of the Greatest Players of All Time. GTFO!
300poundwizard::they already lost him.....his name was Chandler
BigDSports21::What a joke.  No one in the Mavericks organization would even consider that.
genjeskhan::you must know people within the organization
Jmonyok4::Rubio Best passer in the NBA!!!  Tell me i'm wrong!
phatfour20::your wrong! CP3 and D-Will still better.
BigDSports21::CP3, DWill, Jason Kidd all better passers.  He's young.
Jacob 014::he definitely makes the most exciting passes... but part of being a great passer is knowing when to not try the impossible and thats where he get's into trouble... but maybe im just a pessimistic minnesota fan who has lived through 19 years of disappointment
Jmonyok4::I pumped, he makes our whole team better
Jmonyok4::im just talking passing, overall player he has work to do
Jacob 014::haha for sure... still too many to's though for rubio
Jmonyok4::Nash is great but no one else, i will give you that!
TubbyTime334::Nash is the best passer! Rubio will replace Nash once he is gone.
Jmonyok4::The Gap is closing fast!!
Jacob 014::i just bought a rubio jersey and i still say steve nash might have something to say about that
samboegeman::If the  wolves get into the playoffs, and Love averages around 24ppg and 15reb, he has a realistic shot at MVP
PackerBacker12x::I lol at Brian Cardinal Shooting 3's
JRPH223::Lamar Odom is just crap now. And why is Terry not a starter?
shepseskaf::Maybe LA knew something.
BigDSports21::Terry likes being a sixth man, and wants to keep that role.
TubbyTime334::Terry is a great bench player that's why.
PackerBacker12x::I should have kept/ takin pictures of Peoples comments on the boards when ever Rubio stories hit ESPN..   Cuz i can now laugh in all of your faces.. and Say Told you so.  I know the season is still young.. but he doesn't look like a bust.     Ruubbiioo!
