Uan theTruth::As an analyst, I am still a little disappointed.  Thomas still had whoever he guarded scoring at will.  Salmons couldn't score and was scored on over and over.   Patterson your starting forward couldn't get more than 2 rebounds?   Vasquez had a poor showing on the defensive end, especially in transition.
poyman::Cyril, you are totally ignorant when it comes to hoops... Much of what gdp says is absolutely true... Your statement about "garbage time" is laughable... It probably seemed like "garbage time" to you because that is when Malone finally sat Mugsy and Thornton down and let Fredette and McLemore play with Cousins.  Mugsy had a decent shooting night (6-10) but the problem is that he can't hit an open 3 to save his life (I think he is 0 for his last 12) and his defenders just sag on him and cut off any ability for him to hit Cousins or one of the Forwards for an open shot, consequently he gets few assists for the minutes that he plays (last night he got 1 in 17 minutes... and he had the same problem in college) he also had a TO for a zero efficiency score... His +/- was another large negative -9 in fewer minutes played than Fredette. (which might be the reason he played fewer minutes).  Thornton is really stinking it up... He's the SG and he has one of the worst percentages on the team (2-9 last night and 2-11 the previous night)... His assists are non-existent... His +/- is among the absolute worst on the team (rivaled only by Salmons), last night it was a -5 with the same amount of minutes as Jimmer.  Now when I make these comparisons you want to throw out "Garbage Time" for Jimmer is going to give him better stats... When Fredette came in the Kings were flirting with a 15 point deficit and after playing about 12 or 13 minutes that deficit shrank to 7 points at  87-80 and 89-82... with better than 3 minutes left to go in the game (that's hardly garbage time)...  If I'm Fredette I have totally had it with the Kings... He has zero motivation since the Kings decided not to pick up his option next year... The guy was a rock star coming out of college... He routinely schooled Lilliard (of Portland) and Leonard (of San Antonio) beating  Leonard 4 out of 5 times his last 2 years and Lilliard all three times he was matched up against him... He single handedly took his team to the Sweet 16 after BYUs Center was suspended (Brandon Davies who is now with the Sixers) and came within an OT and a whisker of taking his team to the Final Four... He earned the Naismith Trophy for the best College Player of the year beating out Kemba Walker from U Conn and the Kings worked a trade with Milwaukie to move up in the Draft so they could take him... The kid is the real deal and the Kings have absolutely botched it with him.  If the Kings were losing with Fredette playing 30-35 minutes a game on a regular basis your comments would carry a lot more weight than they do... But he has never had that kind of playing time so the anti Jimmer gibberish that you throw out is nothing but incoherent noise.
Bobby Free::Cousins is SO the Rasheed Wallace of the current era--insanely talented yet his own worst enemy. The Blazers threw good defense at him two nights in a row and he dropped 30+ both nights. Amazing….if he matures mentally, the Kings are a team to watch. With that said, extremely impressed with the Blazers tonight, this was a game they would have lost last year guaranteed, but they took care of business and staved off an impressive 4th quarter run from Cousins & Co.
gdp::Maybe it's just Karma - Thomas, Thornton, etc are no better defenders than Jimmer and certainly no better a scorer. But I believe that due to the lack of a tan on Jimmer's part it's always okay to sit the white guy and one can always say he has no D whether they do or not because there is an acceptable stereotype - though minorities and liberals claim they are against stuff like this (I guess they are unless they are the ones benefiting from discrimination).   I mean let's ask. Why does Jimmer -  a valuable scorer who gets more steals and rebounds per minute played than Thomas, Thornton, and Vasquez, which are defensive skills BTW, have to sit on a horrible team? What, are they going to lose by 12 instead of 11 if Jimmer played? Actually, like last night, the best quarter was the 4th- the only one they outscored the blazers and it was the one Jimmer played most of. How about that, uh? He had assists (3), steals (2), rebounds (3 - ALL defensive rebounds BTW not his own misses) and points. Now had he played 4 quarters that may have translated to 12 assist, 8 steals, 12 rebounds, and 20ish points. Those stats aren't likely, but we don't know. That's what he did in 1 quarter. What did Thomas do in 17 minutes. No steals. no rebounds, and 1 assist - but everyone says HE needs to be playing more. WHY?  You know what. Don't pick up Jimmer's option, trade him, whatever, but he IS probably the biggest factor in having SOME decent attendance. He is the ONLY reason I watch the Kings, to see if he gets in. Once he's gone I have zero zero zero ZERO interest in the queens and good luck paying the salaries of the over priced losers you keep, because Jimmer is helping you pay them through attendance. No loyalty to blatant racists once he's gone.  Sayonara......
P C No More::Always tough to win both games on a back to back, home and home, no matter what two teams.  The Blazers have what it takes to win tonight, but it won't be a cakewalk and I expect a close game.  Cousins had an outstanding game last night, the rest of his team basically let him down.
PKM::Sacramento has too many low ceiling players.
gdp::Wow the only quarter they outscore the blazers is the only quarter the token is in for most of it. That doesn't make any sense because white guys can't play defense so the blazers surely should have had more points that quarter, and yet they didn't. Uhmm...must be a scorer error.   BTW you racists, Jimmer got more steals this game in his limited time than ALL the other guards. Of course that incredible defender Thomas (he must be because he's black right and he ALWAYS gets to play and Jimmer sits) once again...I am getting tired of saying this night after night..... got NO steals. None, nothing, zilch.   AND only Grevis had more assists than Jimmer, but he played double the time to get them. And don't give me #$%$ about the blazers having second or third stringers in because they did not when Jimmer was in.   I believe, because no one EVER shows tape of Jimmer's "bad" defense, that people who never ever even saw him play, like that loser Stephen A Smith, who just "said" that because he was white, that he didn't have defense - kind of like your idiot president can get out of a limo, have millions in the bank, take a vacation once a month on your bill, has tons and tons of slaves - servants I mean - that he pays minimum wage to shine his shoes, make his lunch, even open doors for his highness, and he can say it's those rich white republican men who hoard the money from the minorities and the blind masses go "oh yeah"- while there are more millionaire demorats in the house and senate than republicans.   Jimmer has always been a fine defender. But racism is so blatant in the "Nut'n But African" league it just makes me sick. A good white player is always "gritty" or "dirty" or "tenacious" something that is insidiously (look it up) racist and discriminatory. Wes Welker in the NFL is always called that, but with his numbers, if he was black he'd be a superstar. If Tebow was black he'd be "an athletic QB who needs some work but only knows how to win and has a winning playoff record" (he's 2 and 1) but because he's white, and even worse because he's the band geek to the tough guys (because he professes his Christianity and isn't a cigar chewing, high rolling, philanderer like Elway is) it's just acceptable they won't take him. Could he NOT help the jags? or the browns? or the raiders (why is pryor so praised? he isn't winning) or the rams, or the bills, or pick your team. He could, and he made it further than Manning did last year in the playoffs. But it's racism. Pure racism.
Thomas::KINGs  SUCK  the big one Chazz Bono .  They  draft  high  draft  picks  to  sit  them on the bench   just  because e they  commited  high  contracts to  Thornton and Salmons .  They  should  have moved  them  to Seattle  Hansen  would  have  demanded Jimmer  and McClemore  play  side by side a  full 30  minutes  a game.
Gordon Gekko::Kings have no leader - their so called franchise player Demarcus is a little girl with a  temper who throws more tantrums then dunks, benching Isaiah is pretty Ignant, even if they draft wiggins they will still be bad with the lack of culture and professionalism in this team. Feel bad for the fans that have to put up with this nonsense.
schmoe::So many ball-hogs on this team...
