superpieman802::well we all saw who the best player on the floor was  and his name sure wasnt chris paul or blake griffin
truesportfanman::1 and 2 clipps, just like old times. They're playing like they want the little shower room.
BullsHawksBears::ESPN had Paul ranked  #4. Had Rose at 8 and Kobe at 9 before the season. THE MVP AT 8 !!!!!! Paul ahead of KOBE ?????? With Chicago, it's not even the ""east coast bias" argument. The editors are mainly from the New York area and hate all that is Chicago. I cannot wait until NBC starts their 24/7 sports station. With the Fine cover-up and their complete monopoly of sports news, the empire is in decline. ESPN = Rome.
lctngo0227::Damn I missed this game but Derrick Rose just went beast mode 29 points and 16 assists not too bad Derrick not too bad. Did ya'll see Heatster?
jstrada01::D. Rose heard the MVP chants at the staple center last night. I'm sure Chris Paul is ready to sign a long term deal after that.
Bevente::reason why the clippers are mainly shown in the highlight reel is cause all espn cares about are dunks and that's the clippers whole game plan. i love dunks as much as the next guy, but there is WAY more to the game than that, so it's a shame that that's all espn wants to talk about. i'm excited about my bulls chances against the heat this year. i don't think there's one team hungrier than the bulls this year. d-rose wants a ring cause all he cares about is winning. lebron wants a ring just to shut people up.
xmanfolife::Same ole Clippers.......now they just look good losing!  Jordan needs to work n the gym on a hook shot or something other than a dunk.....defense &amp; rebounds would help his cause also otherwise.......he's just a fraud!
jeffsmith9834::I think thats a line out of White Men Can't Jump!  "Rather look good and lose than look bad and win"
speakmemory::Hmmmmm...  wonder if you Clippers fans are feeling the same oats you all did after those two MEANINGLESS preseason games against my Lakers - Just as those two game didn't mean much, we're just 3-4 games into the season, too early to make any long term predictions - THAT'S MORE LEEWAY THAN YOU GAVE US, CLIPPERS FANS!!!  Now let's see the season play out a little to see where our teams are.
stompied99::Given how much the Clippers roster turned over, I'd wait before writing them off.  They have a lot of talent, but I don't have a lot of confidence that VDN knows what to do with that talent.
Antsea91::Wow the hornets have a better record than the clippers... guess dictator stern did make the best deal for NOLA
Nonaligned_::Hail stern!!
Celloboi::i think the D Rose-CP3 debate ended last night
mikedvelasquez::He $@%!$ on CP3, Deron, Rondo pretty much every PG in the league. Although Rubio was giving it to him in China, don't know what that was about.
Third70::Rose is a beast.... he needs to play like that every night for the rest of his career.
Celloboi::people r hype cuz he had one good series against the Lakers last year
jhn75377::Rose is 5-0 against CP3 and he destroys him pretty much everytime they meet....  CP3 looks a little fat... Steve Francis 2.0
Nonaligned_::But Rose is still improving his game....
Antsea91::Clippers suck... bulls weren't even trying else they would've had Scalabrine mop the floor with these fools.
jjtulljj::Clippers already behind the Lakers in the standings - new season/new players - same story......
jjtulljj::Another Clipper loss. CP3 Laker in 3 years.....
jjtulljj::In three years Kobe will be on the way to retirement leaving plenty of cap space....
genjeskhan::lakers won't wait that long, they'll go after Dwill
mikedogg08::some people need to not be sensitive on these boards.... jus sayin
mintzerkj4eva::I would bet on Howard going to the Lakers more than anything else. Even since Brook Lopez went off and broke his foot.
genjeskhan::as a lakers fan, i want that to happen, but i think orlando will be asking for gasol and bynum, which is too high of a price for the lakers.
jjtulljj::It hurts sometimes to look forward but the Lakers need to look towards a youth movement. I like both players but you can't hang on to yesterday...gotta move forward.
mintzerkj4eva::they surely might ask for both. But the Lakers don't have to since Bynum with some other players may be the best deal Orlando can get. Then if someone like NJ or who ever else offers them something better, Lakers than might throw Gasol in there as well.
mikedogg08::i agree......
genjeskhan::according to the orlando sentinel, the magic have begun to explore trade possibilities for dwight howard. i believe a fair trade would be for the magic to ask for blake griffin, unless blake is protected from a trade under his rookie contract.
mikedvelasquez::I would take Deng, Asik, and Taj over Blake....unless we were playing team KIA
mikedogg08::sorry "brotha", i didnt know "you people" got educations....
mikedogg08::get an education too, "brotha"
genjeskhan::you don't know my level of education, you ignorant fuuk
mikedogg08::stay classy! you big internet tough guy you....
genjeskhan::same to you, chicago doushebag
mikedogg08::if you dont think gibson has a bright future, i think you are crazy... stop being your boy bill oreilly, cause you are the one being a di..... ck..... here.... deng is good, gibson, asik and two picks... hell, noah, deng, gibson and 2 picks...... better??? just relax and stop being such a di.....ck, its the holiday season....
genjeskhan::lmao talkin about being sensitive? go fuuk yourself you chicago troll
mikedogg08::i also had omer asik and two first round picks, one of which is a pick from the bobcats which can eventually be a good draft pick....  but hey, what do i know
genjeskhan::right i forgot, the stud asik
mikedogg08::fine, but you never had any.... so better to have loved and lost than to have never loved at all...
genjeskhan::you're trying to justify trading luol deng and taj gibson for the best center in the league, much of a homer?
mikedogg08::im far from a guru, but i know what to argue and what not.... your argument bringin up FT's is very dumb.....
mikedogg08::did i call you names??? why so sensitive man?? d12 has FAR better defense....  dam, it slips my mind, but whats that old cliche people always say ______ wins championships.... it wasnt DEFENSE was it??
genjeskhan::the only area howard has the edge is defense over blake, which is something that can be improved. you sound like bill o'reilly, "duuuh because i say it's dumb, you better not argue otherwise i'll start calling names"
mikedogg08::blakes momma knows blake cant shoot, but you can argue it all you want.....
genjeskhan::you just lost all credibility
mikedogg08::arguin blake over d12 is dumb....
genjeskhan::lmao, right i'll stop because mr basketball guru tells me to.
genjeskhan::not arguing blake over dwight, just pointing out the pros and cons in both their games.
Saints8365::truly is lol
Saints8365::My Point
Saints8365::He got his team there though. Blake could never carry a team
mikedogg08::just stop.. you are lookin worse and worse..... give it up
genjeskhan::you don't know that, clippers never made the playoffs with him
Saints8365::Atleast Dwight plays Defense
genjeskhan::he also disappears in the playoffs when needed most, just look back to the 09 finals.
Saints8365::a couple? Kevin Love is a star. Kevin Garnett is a star.  Blake Griffin base his game off flash
mikedogg08::blake is shooting 27% from 16-23feet...   http://www.hoopdata.com/shotstats.aspx?team=%&amp;type=pg&amp;posi=PF&amp;yr=2012&amp;gp=0&amp;mins=0
mikedogg08::64% FT percentage.... so now i realize im talkin so someone who doesnt know anything... good day
genjeskhan::he's also only in his second year, and has a lot of time to improve in that area. that's a poor argument to use, at least blake can hit free throws, unlike dwight.
mikedogg08::i agree.... what superstar will orlando get??? NONE..... what did nuggs get for melo?? you dont get studs... sorry....
Saints8365::Blake is not a superstar. He can't shoot. He plays No defense. How is that superstar material?
mikedogg08::27% from 16-23.... i didnt watch one game... i ve seen all 3 of his...LOL
genjeskhan::blake was knocking down a couple of those 18 footers last night, so i don't know what you've been watching.
fastrandstrongr1::genkeshkhan.... you are a biased homer. i bet you think griffin should win mvp too LOL
genjeskhan::i'm a lakers fan, genius
Saints8365::Exactly^^   He also can't create shots for himself  Like I said he just an Highlight reel
mikedogg08::hes averaging a crap load of dunks!!! LOL... blake is talented, but his jumper is bad and he has never even heard the word DEFENSE... come on MAN!!!
genjeskhan::you're not understanding, orlando is looking to build around a superstar, not luol deng and 5ppg taj gibson.
Saints8365::Taj defense is Great. Blake barely plays any
mikedogg08::scrubs??? LOL... taj could teach blake a post move or two..... blake is obviously the better talent, but if you think orlando woulud give up D12 for blake, i have ocean front property to sell you in IOWA
genjeskhan::gibson is a role player at best
Saints8365::Did you see the DEFENSE? Whats the point of scoring when your Opponent keeps scoring
spynnal::Speaking of D, the Lakers D has looked stifling at times.  Hope they can maintain that.
mikedogg08::ya, we all seen it.... lots of lobs and dunks.... THATS IT
jeffsmith9834::Did he win or lose?
genjeskhan::the dude is averaging 28 points and close to 10 rebounds, last i checked that's not just "lots of lobs and dunks"
mikedogg08::orlando wants better..... give em taj gibson, omer asik, luol deng and 2 first rounders....
fastrandstrongr1::those scrubs drubbed your precious griffin and the rest of his team last night.
genjeskhan::lmao if you think those scrubs are a better deal than one blake griffin
Saints8365::Thats not fair. Blake is just an highlight reel
jeffsmith9834::I saw the numbers he put up.  Did he win?  Oh ok
genjeskhan::just a highlight reel? did you see the numbers he put up last night?
jouleXxX::It's fine if people expect the HEAT to beat the bulls . Less pressure for US. Last year they picked us and we Lost.   We know for sure that this match-up won't end soon.  the HEAT aren't the celtics and the bulls are not old.   HEAT VS BULLS for at least the next 3-5 years.
stompied99::Biggest question is whether D Wade can stay healthy.  He has been bothered by knee injuries his entire career and this short season may be tough on him.  On the flip side, Miami seems to have a lot more depth on their roster this year.  Miami is the prohibitive favorite to win it all, but the theoretically best team doesn't always win, especially when LeBron is in the equation.
Nonaligned_::In 5 years Rose would be 28...yikes.
mintzerkj4eva::Heat and Bulls ECF's are a lock for sure till NY fires Mike for a defensive minded coach
Saints8365::Heat has too many weapons. I don't even like the heat.
mintzerkj4eva::Heard the only reason why the Bulls wasn't go Howard's list of teams to be traded to was, because Adidas doesn't want Rose and Howard in the same Market.
stompied99::Adidas wants Howard in NY or LA market.  Not sure why Dallas popped up as a destination.  I don't see how that helps Addidas.  Maybe we should just turn the league over to the shoe companies.
DaRealDaBuu::you expect that from Adidas, but you would like to think Dwight Howard would say I'm a grown man and my shoe company is not going to dictate my career. Then again he does still act like he's 14 yrs old.
Nonaligned_::Look at the deal rose is negotiating...endorsements are where the REAL money is at...
mikedogg08::i hear that, but how big is orlando's market?? im sure chicago can handle it... we'er not talkin millwaukee here..... and championship merchandise is where its at!!
Nonaligned_::Orlando is growing fast due to the convention center...Addidas would much rather have its stars spread out than in one market.
mintzerkj4eva::ya think a company like Adidas would figure that out smh
mikedogg08::i've heard that, but its dumb.... why wouldnt you want your two studs to form a dynasty??? ya know?
mintzerkj4eva::yeah Rose and Howard would be sick. Guess Adidas want as much markets covered as possible. Their focus really is greed and money
..Clipster..::BTW, Randy Foye might be the worst player in the NBA.  Does he ever pass the ball? I cringe every time Foye, Cook, and Gomes step on the court.
spynnal::Rose is a competitor.  Maybe not MJ level yet, but he's young.  Have seen few young players look as hungry to be the best every time they're on the court.
mikedvelasquez::The deepest bench by far
mikedogg08::same with kobe... same with durant... same with dwight.... so what you are sayin is, ONLY the heat can win??? LOL  COME ON MAN!!!!
Saints8365::Yea it is. because they rely on one person to be the big scorer. They rely on one person to make big plays. They rely on one person to take them to the finals. All you have to do is shut down Rose and the bulls will fall apart.
mikedogg08::ok... your point??? all those guys are called DEPTH.... its NOT a one man team....
Saints8365::Boozer can't deliver. Noah is a pushover just get him mad and his game is over. Taj is good. Cj needs improvement. Rip is getting old. and Luol deng can be a scorer but probably wont score over 25 points in a game.
mikedogg08::ya, the MOST UNDERRATED PLAYER in the NBA in Luol Deng.... a SG that moves without the ball better tahn anyone in Rip.... a C in Joakim Noah... booze sucks, but can score... and the BENCH MOB... CJ is great at givin rose a rest.... brewer has improved his shot and plays great D... asik is a great backup C.... taj is the man... so yes, he does... THE DEEPEST TEAM IN NBA are the bulls.....
stompied99::This may be the year Deng makes the all star team.  I think his all around game is beginning to get recognition.  He is the second best player on the team and he seems to have shed the softness that he showed early in his career.
Saints8365::he does?
mikedogg08::he has lots of help around him.... thas the beauty of it!!
Saints8365::Yea. Rose, Kobe, Wade all have that desire and heart to win. Many players don't have that in the NBA
spynnal::I think Durant might join that list soon too.  But well said.
Saints8365::Yea but a team can't rely on one person alone.
spynnal::You are right.  And look at MJ to prove that.  What was it, 6 or 7 years of being the best on the court, but could never get by the Pistons til it became a team effort.  Still, so many talented young players seem to be about the hype and the media.  I just miss that killer instinct in players to outdo the best they play against.  You can see that in Rose.  His eyes were daggers every time CP3 had the ball.  Just saying, it's nice to see that competitive fire.
mintzerkj4eva::how dang long does it take for ESPN to let you change your profile pic
Saints8365::Bulls are great.. Coming from a laker fan lol
mintzerkj4eva::Sure teams will be calling the Clippers for one of their PG's  How many people do they need to lob the ball to Blake and Jordan?
mikedogg08::i cant mention defense when blake himself has never heard the word.....LOL
jouleXxX::his jumper and his DEFENSE.
mikedogg08::i like blake, picked him as my MVP this year..... but his jumper did NOT look good yesterday....
mintzerkj4eva::i know, it seems off and on right now. he should get better
mikedogg08::since thats all blake and jordan can do, they need to keep their pg's....LOL
mintzerkj4eva::haha but Blake's game is growing a least. They should trade for a back up center IMO
Spunkin06::D. Rose &gt;  CP3   Go  Bulls!
coyin83::I agree. 5-0 against CP3.
bodhi134679::D.Rose &gt; every other NBA PG
Smokin Trees and Strokin 3s 508::Look at the Clippers bandwagon getting upset because they picked the wrong bandwagon to jump into
Lakermagicshowtime::Almost every Clipper team that ever existed
..Clipster..::No bandwagon here, I've seen a LOT worse Clippers teams than this.
mintzerkj4eva::Rose had a great great. Really looked more like a pure PG with 16 dimes
ben7942::i was at the bucks game last year when he had his career high for assists
TheSixthHeatle::Best stat line ive ever seen from him. He plays like that they will be a better team for it.
mintzerkj4eva::Very true
..Clipster..::This team + an actual coach = dynasty.
Fleetwood417::Can't dish on a man for sticking to his team no matter what. I'm a Bull's fan and always glad to see true fans around the league.
sprtfanusa::dude your the clippers, let it go!
..Clipster..::Yawn...
mikedogg08::i heard lots of teams goin for him... will be a decent pickup for any team... not a game changer by anymeans....
mikedogg08::some depth maybe too??? cp3 and blake are great... caron is solid role player and chauncey is still good for some shots, but thatsit...
..Clipster..::We definitely could use a backup center.  I've heard that the Clippers are going after Joel Przybilla.
mikedogg08::good win for the bulls.... DROSE is the best PG in the league... people need to get over it....
mikedogg08::i dont even understand WTF miami fans and celtic fans are doing here??? game 4 and you are already trolling??? holy crap..
jouleXxX::prepare to meet the bulls in the ECF for at least five years.   it's a lock.   unless the knicks learn to play defense and get better role players which is unlikely .
stompied99::And A'mare stays healthy, which is doubtful.  He may end up being a worse signing in the long-run than Boozer, which is saying a lot.
coyin83::I guess the only logical explanation is he doesn't know who Derrick Rose is.
mikedogg08::leave heat "fans" alone, they are just learning the game... they have only followed basketball since july 2010.....
coyin83::LOL waiting for the Rose vs Cole matchup?! Go Bulls.
Lakermagicshowtime::Comparing Cole to derrick freaking rose right now its so stupid, only one game and he is a superstar?please. He cant even smell Rose jockstrap and probably never will.
mikedogg08::this is why no one likes or respects heat "fans".... seriously... if you cant wait for that matchup cause the kid had ONE good game, you are a fool and a goon.... jus sayin.... bulls also lost brewer and asik that series, and they are HUGE to our team... so with them healthy and rip on board, i see it bulls in 6....
stompied99::Fan UP!  Maybe the Miami fans come onto these boards to learn about the game.
TheSixthHeatle::Thanks...Bulls are the second best team in the east as per ECF, that makes the Bulls contenders to the defending EC Championship. Heatles fans will be watching the Bulls all season. Cant wait for the Rose vs Cole match up.
fastrandstrongr1::cole is this year's version of brandon jennings. a poor man's brandon jennings. 1 or 2 good games and they think they have an all star... smh.
Hardcore4Hoops::Rose vs Cole?
mikedogg08::thanx.... and remember beatles died early.... nice name...
TheSixthHeatle::So you can understand ill use simpleton words: Its a free country!
stompied99::Wasn't freedom to troll one of the original bill of rights?
Smokin Trees and Strokin 3s 508::Lets go Clippers keep up the bad work ,my Celtics have your 1st round pick this year, turn it into a top 5 pick
..Clipster..::LOL, knowing the Celtics' draft record lately in the lottery, you'll either pick a bust, or pick a good player but trade him after a couple weeks.
Smokin Trees and Strokin 3s 508::UsisBest keep on hatin Celtics will be in the playoffs oh now let me like my own comment so it could look like someone agrees with me
USISBEST::Your Celtics are stinking it enough to get in the lottery on their own. They don't need the Clipper's help. They need crutches!!
USISBEST::The only fans really happy and excited about the Clipper Loss are Laker fans. The Lakers are 2-2 at the cost of the Jazz and Kincks. 2 teams that play no defense while the Clippers lost to the Spurs and Bulls. Make no mistake about the Clippers. When they get Reggie Evans to rebound, they will be tough to beat. Give CP3 and Billups a few games with the new system and team and they will finish strong.
mikedvelasquez::Bynum's too busy parking in handicap spots. What a jagoff.
Lakermagicshowtime::There we go again treating the Lakers like a lottery team. The team might not be as good as other years but they are not a doormat thats how you only miss the playoffs only 5 times in 60 years. They can play with every team in the league. You wont see the Lakers getting blownout a lot this season especially with the revamped defense ask the Bulls and specially the knicks how much of a doormat they are.
jouleXxX::Lakers where expected to have been blown-out.   consider that a fortune and don't let the' we kept up with the bulls' at least  talk blind you   .   the lakers overachieved that game. and the bulls played inconstant .
Lakermagicshowtime::Im on the minority that believes that Dwight Howard isnt worth both Gasol and Bynum if they do it im fine with it, but they better understand they wont go far this year with Howard and troy murphy and mc roberts or Hedo down low. Gasol and Howard should be a perfect match down there finesse and power combined, that would be something else. Thats why the trade havent happened because the office belives the same and i agree with them but it could happen
mikedogg08::ya, you are....LOL.. d12 is a game changer... pau is good and bynum is too inconsistent or too unhealthy maybe... i think D12 can drag kobe to another ring....
mikedogg08::if you can get d12 for bynum and gasol, they should do it.... bynum is good, but always gettin injured and isnt the smartest person either.... i like pau, but D12 opens up so much for old man kobe.... lakers are 3-4 seed this year at best..... i love kobe, but hes on his last leg....
Lakermagicshowtime::i dont know cant win every year, its a long shot but the bench looks like its solid so far and to get there Bynum must have a monster season i mean like 22ppg and 12 rpg and 3 bpg and stay healthy. If he get close to some of those numbers they wont even need howard i rather get Deron on the pg. But Bynum must dominate and im not so sure he will he will have some nice games but he need to do it everyday
mikedogg08::i hear ya... but bulls let the game go in final 4 minutes too..... should have never been in that spot... bulls outplayed the lakers, In My Opinion that game.... both are solid teams..... i just dont see lakers gettin to finals without D12
Lakermagicshowtime::Yes bail them out with missing 4 consecutive ft's if they hit those there was no way the Buls would have won that game. Im not bitter y=the team is doing fine now. All im saying is that there is a big diference between losing a game with a last second play in a game that should had been won than getting blown out because all  they do is a lot of lob passes and cant guard worth 2 $@%!$
mikedogg08::lakers bailed bulls out??? LOL... still bitter... it was 6 days ago... let it go!!!
Lakermagicshowtime::Blah blah blah The Lakers bailed the Bulls out on that game the Clippers got blown out on consecutive nights allowing at least 114 points. That team it will make the playoffs for like the second time in 30 years and thats about it, a lot of lob passes and not much else.
Smokin Trees and Strokin 3s 508::I told you the Clippers defense will suck lmao
pjreiter::It's good to see that reality has returned to Clipper Nation.  LMAO.
Lakermagicshowtime::hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha you forget they have the worst owner in North American sports history.Paul is there only bc the NBA do them a favor, after 2012-2013 you see him both blake and paul get the hell out of that crap organization
legacyreaper32::The Clippers are for real make no mistake about it.  Once they fire Del Negro and bring in a real coach like Phil Jackson, they will win it all.
sprtfanusa::clips don't have a nation, they like 3 fans, 2 of them transferred from new orleans
USISBEST::Bandwagon is a  strange thing. Even the Laker faithfull Jack Nicholson jumped on it when the Clippers made the playoffs last time.
Adam01Said::THIS is a championship team. THIS year.  People sleeping on the Bogans to RIP upgrade...just are not paying attention.  The Bulls will really start clicking soon and have the depth needed for this sprint of a season.
mikedogg08::taj gibson is best PF on this team... next year we amnesty booze and give taj starting time....
Lakermagicshowtime::As long as Boozer is there sorry you are going to be close but Boozer cant hack it
mikedogg08::did someone use DEPTH and MIAMI in same sentence when trying to be serious??? LOL... wow.... i have seen it all!!!!
TheSixthHeatle::Miami&gt;Chicago til further notice. Even if they win in the regular season, Miami's depth and athleticism is a bad match up for the Bulls. Bulls improved with Rip, but Miami has a year under their belt playing together. Either way it will be a great matchup in the ECF, Miami 4-2
Adam01Said::A 62 win team...improved.
Nonaligned_::Teams this year have already exposed Miami's weakness. Bobcats, wolves? Every team is beatable. The recipe to beat Miami is team play. The problem for Miami is that the bulls are only going to get better...
sprtfanusa::how about getting a big who score in the post. You going to lose again because your low post threat little itty bitty boozer the loser.
legacyreaper32::It has a nice ring to it, Boozer the Loozer
jeffsmith9834::Several times last night, after a Griffin dunk, I saw him flexing aftewards while the bulls went on a fastbreak.  Thats the difference between a good coach and a bad coach.  A good coach eventually gets on a player about that crap.  Instead of posing for the cameras, how about hustling back on defense?  Clippers need to get a coach in there who will put an end to that crap.  You're out there to win the game, not win the dunk title.
Thong_Pounder::I guess we can put to rest who is the better point guard. D Rose MVP part 2 $@%!$@%!$@%!$.
..Clipster..::By the way, it was pretty sickening to hear bandwagon Laker-heads in the crowd chanting MVP for D-Rose.  Have some respect, losers.
miketatham34::There are a lot of transplant Chicagoans in LA and there were a lot of Bulls fans in the crowd.
ASaini91::Its not just the bandwagoners. If I recall correctly, during last year's game, people were chanting MVP for Rose as well.
sprtfanusa::What are you an idiot, that was your own fans dipsh*t. They know what an mvp looks like, they play across the hall from the clipps all the time.
..Clipster..::Vinny Del Negro is a horrible coach.  Blake Griffin and Chris Paul are amazing, but they can't do it all.  VDN is running them into the ground.  And his timeouts suck too.
legacyreaper32::Griffiin - Amar'e Jr.
jeffsmith9834::Griffin is amazing dunking the ball, but his defense leaves a LOT to be desired.  Until they start to value winning over flash, they'll be the same old clippers team.
lob_angeles::D Rose is good, but can he beat the Heat in the playoffs?  That is the question.  Hoping for Bulls/Heat ECF.
Adam01Said::The BULLS can beat the Heat in the playoffs if they play like they are capable of.
fightinillini32::That would be awesome
PatArnold-SuperFan::There are a number of teams in the West better than the Clippers:  Lakers Grizzlies Thunder Spurs Blazers Nuggets  Why is everyone crowning them?
sprtfanusa::nah, spoelstra has great players. I was really surprised when riles didn't come down to coach last year. They wont win with spoelstra in charge.
..Clipster..::Those teams aren't all necessarily BETTER than the Clippers, they're just better coached.
pjreiter::Nice try.  The other team are clearly better.  Clippers will be lucky to even make the playoffs this year.
..Clipster..::TBH, I'd rather have Spoelstra than Del Negro.  Spoelstra at least understands the concept of momentum.
sprtfanusa::not the heat!
sprtfanusa::it doe's make you ultra talented, but it doesn't guaranty you will win.You still have to learn to play the right way to give yourself the best opp to win.
phxpilot3::who the fu*ck is bragging about beating the clippers here is the better question.  The clips have talent and believe it not more so than the heat (3 super stars plus a bunch of d-league bench players doesn't make u an ultra talented team)
legacyreaper32::Thunder, yes, but not by a lot.  The Clippers should be playing much better defense than they have shown so far.  Combo of CP3, Griffin, Billups and Butler is top 5 in the NBA.  Then put in the defensive specialist Jordan in the middle.  They Clippers have all the pieces.
mikedogg08::defensive specialist is a young guy with no discipline... if hes your stopper, you're in trouble... my stoppers need DISCIPLINE
fightinillini32::I think the Thunder are the best team in the West.
legacyreaper32::The Clippers are such a disappointment.  They are taking the title of paper champions away from the Heat.
phxpilot3::3-1 on the tough west coast swing during the holidays isn't too shabby.  Keep it going!
phxpilot3::yeah the bulls are awful alright.  Go back to your mudhut in central dade please.  As far as the clippers being awful the jury is out on them they have looked better than the knicks so far.
PatArnold-SuperFan::Everyone can beat the Clippers.  They're a joke.
sprtfanusa::the only team you should have beat was the clippers
phxpilot3::LOL good for them the bulls also haven't gotten the joy of playing the nets and what not yet either
PatArnold-SuperFan::Indiana 3-0, ATL 3-0, Miami 4-0
fastrandstrongr1::indiana: detroit, cleveland, toronto. ATL: new jersey (2x) and washington. miami barely got by minnesota and charlotte.   give me a break.
phxpilot3::yeah they looked tired as hell tho in that game.
PatArnold-SuperFan::We shoulda beat Golden State....urghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
ACandOJ::Best part of the highlight....Clips P.A. announcer calling Mo Williams..... Chauncey Billups
fightinillini32::Or maybe when Rose got MVP chants on the road.
ACandOJ::Part of the CBA agreement was that one team can make the playoffs based on hype....the Clips will be fine
phxpilot3::lob city is becoming sob city so much hype haha
PatArnold-SuperFan::I disagree!  Best highlight was Derrick Rose breaking Chris Paul's ankles and showing him who the MVP is!
PatArnold-SuperFan::I love when Charles Barkley tries to say Kyle Korver, but calls him Kore Kiver instead.
fightinillini32::D-Rose just showed who the best point guard in the NBA is.
fightinillini32::He outplayed him in every aspect of the game last night.
PatArnold-SuperFan::He is far more athletic than CP3.
PatArnold-SuperFan::Chicago Bulls are now 2-0 in L.A.'s Staple Center.  Derrick Rose loves L.A. and the spotlight and plays extra harder.  Now just want to see him play like that in Miami.
ACandOJ::The Lakers missed like 5 straight free throws in the Bulls....the Bulls were lucky
sprtfanusa::I'm not so sure about that. The Lakers missed crucial free throws and turned the ball over very late in that game. Plus this bulls teams have no championship pedigree.
sprtfanusa::the bulls was lucky as hell to win that lakers game
miketatham34::You could say the Lakers were lucky the Bulls went ice cold shooting from the floor in the 3rd quarter which allowed the Lakers to gain the lead.  Same difference.
PatArnold-SuperFan::Bulls are the better team.  It wasn't luck.
fightinillini32::Yeah they played like $@%! up until 2 minutes left in the game.
Darius4105::He always brings it against Miami.
PatArnold-SuperFan::Clippers seem great on paper.  But not as good on the floor.  Was it me...or did Derrick Rose embarass CP3?
fightinillini32::Agreed. He had to have blew by Paul six times that game.
lob_angeles::If the Clippers don't make the playoffs...well...as Ralph Lawler would say......."Oh me oh my!!!!!"
lostsessions::The Clippers are a lot of hype, which is good because they have been bad for so many years, but they are a middle of road team.  Blake is the real deal; however, he is starting to cry on every play. Of course he is getting hit, but he is causing the contact, which in turns is either a no-call or an offensive foul. Again, the Clipps are over hyped.
sprtfanusa::f off
kholief::And your just a plain loser.
sprtfanusa::clipps are over hyped losers.
jeffsmith9834::Clippers are unimpressive so far.  They dont play any defense and they dont have a perimeter game.  So far it seems they are satisfied with putting on a dunk show each night, along with celebrations after each one.  The clippers are still only about the small things, like putting on a flashy show rather than winning.  Its a shame because griffin is falling into that same trap.  He's content with putting on a show and not playing any defense.  Its too bad, he could really be a beast if he played for a team that takes winning seriously.
kholief::$@%!$@%! , when you have the chance to dunk it you dunk .It's the most efficient shot in basketball.
sprtfanusa::So what, the bulls aren't great yet, they may be on their way but they are not there yet.Clips should have sucked it up and won that game, it was there for the taking.Instead they did what they do which is LOSE. They don't deserve the early hype.
sprtfanusa::the bulls have one great player, and a couple of decent players. their beatable every night if you play the game the right way.Derrick Rose is a great player which is the start of a championship team.But his role players besides Deng leaves alot to be desired.
fightinillini32::Im just saying its hard to expect to win against a top 3 team in the league when you've only played a handful of games with a new group. You can't expect the Clippers to beat the Bulls.
fightinillini32::Well they were playing the Bulls. Calm down, its not like they lost to a bunch of scrubs. Im a Bulls fan and I think they played pretty well.
sprtfanusa::what's funny is they have the model for winning right across hall and still cant figure it out.
Akuma2K::Yea i saw that too, seem like they were more interesed in putting on a dunk show rather than winning.
sprtfanusa::Damn, you hit the nail on the head.The Clippers have never been about winning, that's why every good player leaves there. I my opinion the future looks bleak.CP3 AND Blake will leave.SOON!!!
