pistol111847::I was a Knicks fan for 50 years until Carmelo acted like a spoiled brat last year and got away with it. First he tanked games because he didn't agree with the offense. Then he got D'Antoni fired. Then he criticized Lin's contract with Houston. I'm sorry but you don't criticize other player's contracts no matter what you think. There's no way I can support such conduct and I think if the Knicks organization had any balls they would have substantially fined him. This is a problem with the whole NBA in particular - the star players have too much power....
pistol111847::To start the season with Melo last year they were 7-13. Then when he came back they lost 7 in a row because he was having a jealousy fit. That makes them 7-20 with Melo. Then when Amare and Lin were hurt and Melo had the whole show to himself they did fo 18-6. That means with Melo they were 25-26 last year and OUT of the PLAOFFS....  We'll see what happens when Amare comes back...
njkaplan::Woodson is a much smarter coach than MD was.  I think he has a take no garbage attitude and won't let any personal stuff get in the way of success.  Plus the Knicks just have more depth this year and a guy who can control it all.  I happen to be one of the smart fans who aren't predicting a championship sweep right now.  Just one game at a time.  Any win for the Knicks is a win period....after being the horses butt of the leauge in supreme joke fashion, it's time for this team to be relevant again.
njkaplan::And by the way, let's analyze each Knick victory here every single night and determine whether or not:  1) If it was a quality win against a team riddled with injuries that was a shell of it's former self 2) If it was against a team that is good but decided to let the Knicks win that night because of charity 3) If the date you predict the Knicks will end up with a .500 record will be met in time 4) If you're just a Knicks hater and can't deal with the fact that they are actually winning games again 5) If you're a fan of the Knicks and realize that basketball is 10x better when the Knicks are in the thick of it 6) That even with a good defensive team that Carmello Anthony still sucks at playing D and it still matters 7) That as of now only 8 games into the season that anyone talking about June 2013 is just delusional because we're in November 2012 8) That you've now gotten my point about what goes around comes around and just take it one game at a time...this goes for all basketball fans.  Peace to all.
njkaplan::Hahaa.  Any Knick hater whining about the quality of their victories and the fact that their teams have injuries...I guess the Knicks over the last decade besides having joke mgmt have never had their key players go down with injuries.  hahaa.  When the Knicks have key injuries, it's always...the Knicks suck.  When it happens to any other  team and Knicks beat them, it's....it's not a quality win.  Go watch auto racing or golf.  We are finished here.  The Knicks are finally looking like a real basketball team out for blood.  If you think they're a joke, keep complaining about the fact that you have injuries.  Sorry but it happens in sports.  Can't remember a team that I liked didn't have injuries so please keep it shut.
mackfactor::Yup, I can see why Hibbert got max money. Can you imagine where the Pacers would be without his whopping 8 points per game?
Jay1385::Its funny how these so called experts ranked teams like chicago, philly and indiana over the knicks before the season even started knowing that those teams had players dealing injuries, but they still went ahead and ranked them higher than the knicks. now suddenly they swapping ranks. Funny $@%!
mackfactor::What have the Knicks done in the past 10 years to make any analyst think that this year they'd actually live up to the hype?
Zeh-nuh::lmfaoooooooo
Brett0346::Carmelo can't believe they played D.  It definitely is amazing.
Horry_has_more_rings_than_MJ::the knicks can never win in the eyes of a hater. if we start the year off on a roll we "peak in november". if we would've started off slow: "oh, yeah. typical knicks are gonna have another crap year."   how bout just showing a little respect for a team that at least LOOKS like a championship contender.
mackfactor::Respect is earned, not given. And it's not earned in 8 games.
Jlv2012::The Knicks look like a playoff contenders.  Noone believes they can win a championship with their current roster.
Horry_has_more_rings_than_MJ::lol. so i "proved your point" by giving you an extremely logical argument, laid out with examples?  you give NO reasoning for why the knicks will only make it "to the 2nd round", why "amare will mess it all up", OR why they'll be ".500 by christmas". just a typical knicks hater who's hoping for the worse.
weoutnyc::What you expect means absolutely nothing.  The truth is that this team has played several teams that are supposedly better than them and have winning records, but have gotten blown out the gym by the Knicks. This team is going to easily win 50+ games unless some crazy injuries happen (which of course is a possibility). There are only two teams in the East who can knock the Knicks out of the playoffs and one of them (Boston) is not playing very well right now.
Jlv2012::You just proved my point bruh.  Those players on their roster will not get it done.  They will make the playoffs, hell maybe even get to the 2nd round.  Plus Amare will mess it all up.  I expect them to be .500 by christmas.
Horry_has_more_rings_than_MJ::umm..."no one" is a bit of an overstatement. many anylists consider them championship contenders with their current squad.  they have perimter defense (in kidd, brewer, shump, and felton), excellent post players (in camby, sheed, chandler, and melo), bunch scorers (in jr, melo, felton, stat, and novak), and certainly have some of the best depth (great players coming off the bench AND a solid mixture of youth and vets).  but, go ahead and keep hating. you're only proving my point...
Dengue-Fever::Respect??...you have to earn that my friend &amp; in just 8 games into a long season doesn't give you that..NY fan..I mean you guys been crapping all over yourselves for that past decade for G's sake
gasuelbe::25-7 under Woody.
Horry_has_more_rings_than_MJ::lmfao. exactly what i was talking about...
Jlv2012::Bless the Knicks, they are really trying hard to be contenders.
knicklyn::I'm glad the Nets finally play a decent team tomorrow night against the Lakers.  I would like to see where they actually stand in the East.  Knick Fan in Brooklyn?  You are not alone! http://www.facebook.com/Knicklyn
Victor6229::Lakers arnet a decent team right now. They are a mess. In a few weeks you can be pround of beating the lakers.
knicklyn::shhhhhhhheeeeeeeeddddddd http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=424190627647640&amp;set=a.401192936614076.90983.401031586630211&amp;type=1&amp;theater
Drew Gunns 19Delta::its been so long for this Knicks franchise and fan base to be happy and feel confident. Any real NBA fan wouldn't hate. NBA will be so much better with the Knicks playing well. Long season , win as many games as early as you can.
Syrindge::LOL @ the Knicks peaking in November!!!
nba is the worst::better than not at all
jkub5::Love how Donnie Walsh is trying to take credit for rebuilding the Knicks... LOL
Stopher219::Any word on a timeline for Shumpert's return this season?
Emoney321000::Him and Stoudemire should be back in january
Clueless Heat Fan::It doent matter heat have more wins that was a charity game knicks lose in the 1st round people wake up
theheebs::Roy hibbert went 3-10 and put up 6 points and 8 boards.  I wonder how Pacer's fans are feeling about that massive contract after a game like this?
JJYancey440::Lets be real here Knick fans. The Pacers are just a shell of themselves from last season. I don't know how either one of these teams will do further down the road but let's not get giddy over winning against a team that does nothing but kills itself right now.
weoutnyc::Pretty sure we dominated the Pacers last season also with a depleted roster of our own.
KinickDiaz::thing is .... the Sixers... the pacers ...those were all team picked to be better than the Knicks by everyone!!!....ESPN pundits.... so to beat them def feels good!!
weoutnyc::So Iman Shumpert and Stat arent two of our main rotation players, right?
jkub5::Yeah but sixers are missing their best player (Bynum) and Pacers are missing  Danny Granger.. Wins are wins, but these teams aren't at their best. Beating the heat and spurs were real accomplishments.
Jerkyong75::I think this all started when the knicks beat the heat and spurs. The pacers are just a small speed bump.
snoverneji::no ones hyped. a wins a win though. much better than a loss
GhostlyWalker17::Where'd all the haters go? Lmao all the fakers who became Nets fans thinking the sky would be brighter , who once ran there mouthes about us has now secretly cameback to our fanbase. Knicks will always run the show here in NY
Emoney321000::At least the Nets have made it to the championship (twice) in the last 13 years. Come back when your team gets past round 1
mms557::KnicksCuseGiantsYanks Call me crazy but I think Melo needs to stay at PF and if Amare starts he should be the SF. Why?    SMH Stat is at his best offensively at the 5 when $@%! is wide open for him to operate and be quicker than the other teams 5, Chandler clogs up the lane, that is why Amare needs to come off the bench.
jkub5::He can play with melo and the floor, he just needs to run pick and rolls with felton like they did in 2010-11. That's amare at his best and he didn't have that last year.  Having amare doing pick and rolls and melo at the 4 for will spread the floor and open up shots for both of them
GhostlyWalker17::Yep. Plus it would be good for him. He can somewhat be himself again but has to work at it, not just physically but mentally. Needs to get his confidence back and on the bench he will dominate for us and probably give us the best bench in the league.
GhostlyWalker17::That game against the Spurs, we played great the whole game but at the end when we were down 10 and cameback to win, Chandler dunking it and Smith hitting a 3 to basically seal our fate &amp; they were jumpin up doing high 5's happy that not giving up paid off, I could have cried.  Here is the moment I'm talking about- http://www.google.com/imgres?num=10&amp;hl=en&amp;tbo=d&amp;tbm=isch&amp;tbnid=yAT3WC6btL-keM:&amp;imgrefurl=http://www.nydailynews.com/sports/basketball/knicks/lone-stars-knicks-nba-perfect-team-win-spurs-article-1.1203021&amp;docid=mQ0mkShquLkuTM&amp;imgurl=http://assets.nydailynews.com/polopoly_fs/1.1203059.1353043444!/img/httpImage/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/landscape_635/large-knicks-jubi.jpg&amp;w=635&amp;h=500&amp;ei=Gd-pUOuUHY-x0QHu5oGQBQ&amp;zoom=1&amp;iact=rc&amp;dur=1&amp;sig=104375717638684721247&amp;page=2&amp;tbnh=138&amp;tbnw=182&amp;start=19&amp;ndsp=23&amp;ved=1t:429,r:19,s:0,i:146&amp;tx=122&amp;ty=17&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=511
marsh025::dude. you're close to tears already?  Props to the Knicks so far. and Mike Woodson. The Kincks are playing "D" like they haven't since the days of Pat Riley.  But it's only 8 games in. Relax. I understand it's been a while for you guys.  This is a marathon. not a sprint. oh and by the way, LET'S GO HEAt!!!
GhostlyWalker17::That was probably the best game so far this season, not just out of Knicks games but all games and there were some good ones too. Too bad they played Nets-Celtics on national tv over this..
garnolfini::Nice to see the Knickerbockers overcome Felton's 5-15 from the floor.
Emoney321000::Well, everyone pretty much shot poorly in that game
GhostlyWalker17::Is it just me or is TNT not playing NBA games this year? Everytime the knicks aren't playing I get stuck watching the Nets because I can never find games on TNT and is always blacked out on NBA TV
MVPcarmelo::NYK vs MIA in the East finals!
Rexanilatorz::lol talk about overreacting its only been 2 weeks into the season
GhostlyWalker17::Just a prediction. Its only been 2 weeks but I cant blame him. Its really been 3 weeks tho
National Association of the Grape Soda Exiles::Knicks are going to go undefeated at home.
Jets Yankees Knicks 1988::cant play melo at pf all the time,  when teams have good pf's and c's, it creates bad mismatches.
Jerkyong75::Realistically, he can't handle a whole 82 game season at PF. He'd get killed.
KnicksCuseGiantsYanks::Call me crazy but I think Melo needs to stay at PF and if Amare starts he should be the SF. Why?    1. Melo is a much better defender at PF and a more efficient scorer on offense.   2. Amare has no post game why bother posting him up? His short to mid range game can excel at the 3.  3. Amare is actually faster than melo and would actually improve defensively at the 3.  4. Sadly Melo is a better rebounder than Amare at the 4.  5. Melo gets double teamed in the post, Amare does not. This creates more for others like Novak, Kidd, etc  6. Knicks have plenty of 3 point shooters so Amare doesnt have to post up from 3 at SF.     Having said this, I think Amares best role is off the bench. He can get his 32 mins a a game.
godsent224::I dont even have the energy to write all the things wrong with this post. Melo is a better basketball player yes but you just got it all wrong. I can tell you know little about basketball.
BigLu121::lol i like the effort of the post but it wouldnt work. Amare's problem with defense is that he has no lateral quickness. He cant stay in front of his man so any SF would get to the basket with ease. Thats why hes also bad with help defense. he cant slide over laterally to show and help. Not sure if its because of his past surgeries or because hes just like that
Sir_Volan::Amare's best role is to play for another team and let the Knicks use that 100 million towards players who can win.
Rose let Jack drown::Knicks will grab the #1 seed in the east, I am going Insane  Crazy Eddie
JeremyLin20TimeAllStar::Knicks suck!!!!
barcodedlife::They do suck at not losing. Well done for pointing out the obvious.
JeremyLin20TimeAllStar::Hahahahahahahahaha Knicks suck!!!!
JeremyLin20TimeAllStar::HAHAHAHAHAHAHA new York suck!!!!!
snoverneji::dude i love jeremy lin but the rockets suck and the knicks dont. lin isnt doing as well as felton and hardens recent games havent been as amazing as his first few
JeremyLin20TimeAllStar::Knick suck!!!!
knicklyn::The NEED for SHEED:  http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=424190627647640&amp;set=a.401192936614076.90983.401031586630211&amp;type=1&amp;theater&amp;notif_t=like
Steelblade38::Mavericks fan here....it's GREAT to see the Knicks playing so well!!  Kudos to the team and to Knicks fans...keep it up!!
ImStreaking11::knicks are better than the grizzlies right now, if you think otherwise you are stupid and know nothing about bball
Tahchee::The grizzlies are just a bad matchup for the knicks    too big and powerful   chandler and carmelo got into foul trouble early thats why we lost   cant defend properly against them simple stuff really    even though some bad calls were made
angryrat2424::but i hate how nets fans talk sheit when theyve played terrible teams..
angryrat2424::grizzlies have size and score/rebound down low like no other team in the nba.. zbo is a beast. Gasol is a beast.. not for nothing i love my knicks.. and yes the knicks got screwed on some calls down low...but they also got embarrassed down low... Chandler, as much as i love him, cannot rebound consistently and annoys the $@%! out of me..
angryrat2424::im a huge knicks fan...but how can you say that?..
ImStreaking11::did u watch the grizzlies game? that was an embarrassment to the NBA. Refs lost control of the game because of horrible calls.
gerald_5::so this blind man enters a fish store and says "hello ladies"
dorucevic::Damn i had to say this.Im a Pacers fun but Pacers suck ever since Reggie left,meant so much for this Organization but someone in that state still burned his house.
JeremyLin20TimeAllStar::Knicks sucks!!!!
Sir_Volan::Sounds like you are butthurt after realizing Lin is trash. See why he got cut so many times before? Only reason Houston took him is to keep selling to other countries of the world. Awwww, is poor little Lin nothing without D'antoni letting him shoot every possesion?
dorucevic::Knicks are a good team Jason Kid,J.R. Smith Tyson Chandler and Wallace are from Playoff teams, 4th in defense and 3 in scoring,Carmelo Anthony can score any time he wants  they have a decent bench and when Stoudemire returns they will be more good on defense.Im not Knicks fan but I think they will battle Miami for Eastern Finals.Nets are not bad either slightly better than Milwaukee but who knows what can happen later the season just started.
snoverneji::did you just say stoudemire will improve the knicks' defense??? offense, for sure, but defense....
MUbobbydigitalFC::Horrible use of the English language. Knicks are a plural noun. That can't be followed by a plural verb. If anything, it would be "Knicks suck!!!!" . Of course, if you think Jeremy Lin will be a 20 time all star, not all the dots are connecting.
JeremyLin20TimeAllStar::No one gives f*ck!! Fat rat!
JeremyLin20TimeAllStar::Knicks sucks!!!
barcodedlife::Put a healthy Amare off the bench for the knicks and this team is scary good.
angryrat2424::anyone else concerned that the nets are quietly 6-2?
angryrat2424::true... they got overmatched by the heat and blew a 22 point lead. But idk tho. They so have a great record.. but like you said they have played $@%! teams. It so annoying the whole... were gonna take over ny... please
MUbobbydigitalFC::No, because they have a weak bench and have been virtually untested. The Knicks have only played teams that made the playoffs a year ago so far. Not trying to say they aren't a formidable side, but not the least bit concerned. I will be concerned when they start taking down the Thunder, Heat, Grizzlies, etc with ease.
angryrat2424::anyone else concerned about the fact that the nets are quietly 6-2?
IlyaKol::Gotta give the Knicks props. If  they can maintain this for 82 games and playoffs (meaning good chemistry, general health, defensive dedication), they can make it to the 2nd round...maybe even ECF battle with Miami.  Too early to tell, but so far I gotta give them major props.  Heat fan.
angryrat2424::word man... knicks look fresh. A lot of teams look good in the EC. Thats why the knicks cannot let up. Keep it going!
Shareef1987::The Knicks should DEFINITELY get at least 2 Playoff wins this year!!
nba is the worst::Shareef1987 - The Knicks should DEFINITELY get at least 2 Playoff wins this year!!  I think they will get 4 - vs the heat
angryrat2424::anyone concerned the nets are quietly 6-2?
hugefan1234::The team this year is looking great. Maybe we can win 2 games in playoffs this time.    knicks fans
KnicksCuseGiantsYanks::Sheed &gt; Bosh  Sorry heat fans our 4th string big is better than your first.  Hek Pau Gasol is tougher than Bosh down low.
Shareef1987::If Bosh was on the Knicks he'd be the second best player hands down.
barcodedlife::Isn't he the second best player on his team now?
jack jackson.2::lol
KnicksCuseGiantsYanks::Its downright disrespectful that Carmelo Anthony was ranked 17th overall by the heat lovers at ESPN.  Carmelo Anthony is a top ten NBA player folks. He's putting this team on his back. If he plays defense, he will be right up there with Lebron and Durant for the MVP
snoverneji::hes playing defense now
barcodedlife::Absolutely, putting melo at 17 was a joke. He is a great player and is proving this again this season.
IlyaKol::Heat fan and I agree.
