weoutnyc::lmfao its cute that these Wolves fans are complaining about the Refs in the final 5 minutes of the game and saying that is why they lost the game.  Perhaps you Wolves fans should realize that if it werent for the refs your team would not have been in the game in the first place. The refs were calling everything in your teams favor for the first 43 minutes of the game.  Quit complaining and move on.
arenal11::can't do much when the refs aren't on your side hmmm.... as in your loss to LAL.
matkacz::those refs were an $@%!$' joke on Sunday.... the wolves did get a couple of favorable calls, but when it counted and there were obvious fouls... nothing. Knicks are horeshit in the end
NY NBK Far Superior----::<p style="text-decoration: blink;"> make me blink</p>
NY NBK Far Superior----::<span>this text will blink.</span>
NY NBK Far Superior----::function blinkIt() { if (!document.all) return; else { for(i=0;i
NY NBK Far Superior----::text
NY NBK Far Superior----::
arenal11::any idea on who the Wolves are looking at to fill in for Howard and Lee?
Need4Speed95::Damn this Knicks team is legit.  Good for them.  Wow, these haters just don't know when to quit....I ask you fools where is it getting you? Does it make you feel better? You sleep better by hating?  Good luck with that LOL.
dawoodsman::They get all the refs calls at home, and that is why they--and melo--are having the success they are.    Today Kobe and the lakers will get the critical calls--or won't be called for fouls--and then if the lakers win it's the knicks turn to be "haters".  It's the NBA way.  Everyone knows it.  There is no disputing it.
arenal11::except they're not.  refs eventually will stop giving them the calls like they did last night, those 3's wont always fall and Amar'e will cause problems when he comes back.
ButtaSports::knicks are fool's gold wait till all those three's stop dropping
OmniVersal::They haven't been shooting as well the past couple of games. Still can win in spite of it though
arenal11::would've lost to the Wolves had the refs done even half a decent job.  they're not as good as one might think.  Wolves with a healthy Rubio, Bud, Love would've easily won that game.
TheAvenger007::Dwight might go for the power bomb tomm on Melo. He got a clothesline on Melo the last game.
sweetlew09::JR Smith should be in jail for vehicular manslaughter...
Seskatchewan::T'Wolves are the most technically/IQ skilled team in the league
Count_IT33::and are 13-12......
arenal11::For a team that was w/o its star for the first week, is still w/o its starting PG at full strength and lost a solid player in Buddinger...thats pretty impressive record they've got.
sweetlew09::they have had like 10 injuries maybe more
AL_MVP_Justin_Morneau::Wolves lost because Knicks had a player to get star treatment and the Wolves didn't have theirs. Simple as that. Oh, well.
Count_IT33::Pretty sad when JR has more assists than Felton.  Woody needs to fix that.
nba is the worst::It was nice to see Felton go 7-15, considering his bricklaying the past 10 games
AL_MVP_Justin_Morneau::Hunger isn't an injury.
The_JTrain::Felton has injuries and it really shows
ApookTheDestroyer::He had a hand injury.
Count_IT33::What injury does he have?
MinniWolves90::FlyGuys621 the way the league does it is stupid Knicks are up 2 games in the win column and have 1 more loss 2-1= 1 shouldnt knicks be 1 game up? -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Knicks are 2 games better in the win column, and 1 game worse in the loss column The average of +2 and -1 is 0.5
houstoncowboys22::What happened to kirilenko last night?
yastru::butthurt delusional loser wolwes fans
MAHOGMA66::Aww,sometimes the truth hurts. You mad?
therempels::No, actually because he was too effective against Melo, the refs shut him down by giving some ridiculous fouls.
arenal11::its called a long week of LBJ, KD, then Melo....
bhilgenberg::Melo is a stud but the twolves are deeper and better overall.  The refs were shameful last night.
MinniWolves90::1st place team is 1/2 game back of 2nd place team?? Yeah, that makes a whole lot of sense, you would think they wouldn't go by percentages, would go by games back
Cozad_3::What is your guyses problem? Who cares where they are placed now? Right now does not matter at all. Everything will play out when they've each played every last game over the entire season.
Cozad_3::Well I can tell you that no one on either team, the Knicks or the Heat care that either team is "considered" one game up or whatever either way because they understand it won't matter when they finish playing the same amount of games. It doesn't make much sense, but oh well it won't matter.
MinniWolves90::I know it does not matter at this point, obviously. I just don't get it, that's all.
FlyGuys621::we just think its stupid
Jamaal 43::Right; makes zero sense.
Jamaal 43::How is Miami leading the East with their record being 18-6 and the Knicks record being 20 – 7 (with 2 wins vs the Heat) and have more wins in the conference and more wins in the division; not to mention more road wins too???
Seskatchewan::simple math is one of the reasonings, not a horrible question
Cozad_3::Losses are more important than wins in deciding the standings when the amount played is not even. Road wins don't matter for anything in determining standings. Also, they'll play many more games so stop whining and just wait until the 82 games are done with and it plays out for itself.
FlyGuys621::the way the league does it is stupid Knicks are up 2 games in the win column and have 1 more loss 2-1= 1 shouldnt knicks be 1 game up?
Cozad_3::Jamaal 43 - lol Who the f@ck is winning; some of you dudes are losers. I was asking a real question pee brain. And having one more loss is weak; league should change that asap.  dafuq? I was answering your question dumba**. It wasn't an opinion. I stated a fact to why Miami is leading the East. However, both teams are winning actually. 18-6 and 20-7 aren't much different. And the league doesn't need to change anything. Who cares who is leading the league right now. All that matters is who is leading when 82 games are up.
Jamaal 43::lol Who the f@ck is winning; some of you dudes are losers. I was asking a real question pee brain. And having one more loss is weak; league should change that asap.
BALL_DONT_LIE_KNICKS::Prediction: Melo will dump 75 pts on MIke (there's no D) in Dantoni's Lakers tomorrow to make up for the game at MSG when Dwight Howard took him out of the game with that punk like play
The_JTrain::he looked like a man playing against small children last time they met.  Then that punk dwight decided to cloths line him
Jamaal 43::Melo was going for 50 or 60 at the Gaaarrddeenn !!!
BALL_DONT_LIE_KNICKS::The Knicks are going to be draining so many threes---they should paint the balls white so it looks like it's snowing in LA  or at least hailing
rleroy1967::Apparently Wolves want Mickael Gelabale.  He's a forward from France so that should work :)
arenal11::be interesting to see how he does and if he can pick up adelman's system.  he is older and shouldn't be much of a problem as a teammate, but my thinking is they likely will want someone who can contribute right now.  Hopefully Lee decides on surgery soon leaving us w/another spot to fill.  We've got to stop losing players...geezus.
MinniWolves90::61% FG, 42% 3's, 92% FT, 13 ppg and 5 rebounds playing for Cedevita. Seems to be a very solid player and efficient scorer. He just signed with a Spanish club so I don't know if we can get him or not. I'd love to see him though.
arenal11::his contract has an opt out clause for the NBA.
The_JTrain::is he super white?
BALL_DONT_LIE_KNICKS::Kobe Lakers =  joke Melo Knicks = world champs
The_JTrain::I don't want the knicks in that position tho....It's looking like the bottom two are brooklyn and the Celtics.  Hopefully that changes.  I don't want round one to be a grind fest
dawoodsman::The Knicks and Carmelo wouldn't be nothing without the biased referees!  They'd be way down in the standings and melo would foul out more often than not--if he didn't adapt his game to the need to avoid fouls (as it stands there's no need as the refs won't call them).  See this is the type of opinion the league foments with the type of refereeing they support.  Success isn't earned honestly.  Hot shot street thug playah's on major market teams have the refs on their side every home game!
nba is the worst::+1. Biggest problem in the NBA, which under Stern has shown no interest in fixing it.
dawoodsman::Sure did, and it was bad even for a game at the garden.  Swinging at people's heads and faces, tossing the ball into the stands, throwing arms out to get around someone, grabbing an arm so hard it spins a player around, running them over..and NO calls.    Maybe it plays to the base desires of fans there?  Watching their knicks get away with murder with no calls keeps them from kicking the dog or beating their wife when they get home?    Really sad, the league has the most amazing athleticism, if only they'd work to call an honest game for every player on every night!
The_JTrain::did you watch the game?
The_JTrain::lol no they are currently the 8th seed.  I hope the heat have to play them in round 1.  that would be funny if they got taken to 7
BALL_DONT_LIE_KNICKS::I would love to see that, my dislike of the Heat knows no limits
kane FTW::I dont wanna sound like a broken record but......   Rings dont lie......  PD: Im a celtic fan just in case.
kane FTW::BALL_DONT_LIE_KNICKS - I'm sorry to hear that--haven't the Celtics already been mathematically eliminated in the AC?  First of all we are not talking about the celtics...second of all they always suck before all star break.
kane FTW::really?
BALL_DONT_LIE_KNICKS::I'm sorry to hear that--haven't the Celtics already been mathematically eliminated in the AC?
The_JTrain::just in case of what?
rleroy1967::Yeah, that's really worked out well for you lately :)
rleroy1967::The only game I'll cheer for the Lakers is tomorrow!    KOBE FOR MVP.....at least tomorrow!
BALL_DONT_LIE_KNICKS::TIMBER! MELO E JACKING SOME LUMBER YESTERDAY
kane FTW::wow T-wolves got screwed. F*** THE KNICKS!   PD: Im not Mad.
The_JTrain::why don't you take a seat.  Take a seat right over there
kane FTW::hahaha, sure thing couselor.
BALL_DONT_LIE_KNICKS::MELO MVP MELO MVP MELO MVP  MELO MVP MELO MVP
dawoodsman::Street thug gets all the calls! Street thug gets all the calls! Street thug gets all the calls! Street thug gets all the calls! Street thug gets all the calls!
rleroy1967::Calm down.  Not even MVP of first 27 games.
rleroy1967::Still hoping the Wolves would have been awarded the victory.  Was that Tim Donaghy I saw sitting behind NY bench?  Well, at least a MVP isn't decided after only 1/3 games played.
chris-paul -the -truth::all laker fans are becoming clipper fans or doing this watch this clip carefullyhttps://www.facebook.com/photo.php?v=1381872763348...
chris-paul -the -truth::all laker fans are becoming clipper fans or doing this watch this clip carefullyhttps://www.facebook.com/photo.php?v=1381872763348...
Jamaal 43::Add last night to one of Melo's many clutch performances !!! He did what MVP's do; put the team on his back and get the job done!!
Jamaal 43::lol Yeah; like vs the Bulls the refs called the game even; give me a break and stop the hate lol Melo MVP !!!
The_JTrain::you guys are sillllayyyyyyy
MinniWolves90::You're in denial!
The_JTrain::Listen there were bad calls on both sides.  Melo decided this game with a great performance.  He made tough shots down the stretch.  There was a no call on alexi shved when he ripped the ball from JR which resulted in a three.  Nearly brought minny back in it.  there was a two foul differential.  I can't believe you guys are still talking about this
MinniWolves90::It really was terrible officiating all around, I know I'm biased or whatever but it just seems like refs didn't want to make a call in the Wolves favor down the stretch. All the credit to Melo though, he was relentless and kept them in the game.  I'm still talking about it because I'm bored at work and have nothing better to do lol.
vicmo25::If the MVP award was based on "Clutch Shots" then why didn't Reggie Miller, Steve Kerr or Ray Allen ever get MVP's, how many clutch performances didn't they have. I always thought MVP was given to the guy who did more for his team (assist, pts, rebounds, blocks, FG%, etc). Melo only leads his team in PPG (oh, and turn overs per game also)
The_JTrain::Melo is better than all those players.
Jamaal 43::lol Don't get me started on the refs but Melo making 4 clutch free throws; refs didn't have nothing to do with that. lol MVP
dawoodsman::This game is a GREAT example of why the NBA is the least respected league and can't attract casual fans, particularly rural fans that have a huge interest in basketball.    It's really a headscratcher too as you'd think a league not that far removed from the Donaghy embarassment would do everything in it's power to push for hones officiating.    Instead it's the same thing most every night.  The wolves game at the Garden last night was not unique.  Offficals call fouls not on the basis of being earned, but based on how established the player is, whether the player is on his home court or away, and it seems whether the player has "street cred" with urban street thug wanna be's.    Y'all know there's no argument if you watched the game last night.  When you can literally swing at someone, grab them and spin them, and more--RIGHT IN  FRONT OF THE REFEREE--and nothing is called--no possible arguing.  Not saying the game is fixed--although again with the Donaghy incident the league continues to invite that suspicion--but lets make no mistake.  The players know it, the coaches, know it, the announcers talk about it as if it's normal--the refereeing in the NBA is NOT HONEST.
MinniWolves90::The refs did everything BUT shoot the FTs for him, they need to call the fouls on both sides or not call them at all! Refs were SCARED to make a call against the Knicks in the final minutes.
jmslivnik::With a little help from the refs, its amazing what one can "accomplish"
vicmo25::nba is the worst - 'Melo makes all 6 fts on intentional fouls at the end to seal the win - we all know lebron would have missed a couple of those...  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  You're beating a dead horse there buddy. We all know Lebron is something like a 70-75% FT shooter so why even bring that up. Thats like saying, "we all know if it was Dwight some of those would have been missed". Matter fact how is Melo even shooting FT's even relevant to Lebron. I know you're a notorious Lebron/Heat hater but you're just reaching now.
vicmo25::"Well, Melo deserves the MVP because he is having his greatest season ever" - Knick Fans  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Well who care is Melo is having "HIS" best season ever. The league doesn't just revolve around the Knicks. There are guys in the league right now averaging better stats than he is (Durant and Lebron). Plus the Knicks have won games without him too so how much of an MVP is he really. Didn't the Knicks win in Miami without him? Lebron has had to carry Wade for a bad stretch the past 2 or 3 weeks, where would Miami be without Lebron. I mean Jrue Holiday, Thad Young, Al Horford, G-Wallace, are all having their best seasons ever too, should we give it to one of them. Plus, Melo's best season is something like Lebrons worst season.
lennylen2013::Tell em why u mad bro
joeynewss::That was one of the worst called games I've seen in a long time.  There were times when both teams got screwed but ultimately the refs swallowed the whistles for the last 5 minutes of the game (aside from the weak call on Melo for wrapping up Pekovic) and screwed the Wolves out of a win.  Bottom line, the Wolves don't have a physical enough backcourt to play through contact and that will continue to hurt them.
AL_MVP_Justin_Morneau::No one has a physical enough back court when you have two guys out for basically the entire season.
nba is the worst::Why can't NBA officials consistently follow the rules of the game?  JR should have been ejected with 8 minutes remaining for throwing the ball into the crowd, right?
The_JTrain::he didn't throw it.  He rolled it on the floor away from the ref.  That doesn't constitute an ejection.  In fact, it should have just been a delay of game warning
nba is the worst::I didn't see it - so it was rolled into the 1st row, or what?
jmslivnik::It was christmas, and its the knicks, playing against a small market team.... what do you expect?
CubicleJoe::it's Christmas - he was trying to give the fan a gift.  is that so wrong?
vicmo25::correct
ron4317::SMH at some of the posts here.  Not a Knicks fans by any means but a foul is a foul.  Just because it's the 4th quarter it doesn't mean players, Timberwolves players in this case, can hack at anybody and get away with it.
MinniWolves90::I think somebody didn't watch the game....
jmslivnik::It was the fouls that werent called.  If you would have watched the game, you would have seen JJ Barea go up for a 15 foot jumper.  He had to do it 1-handed with his body spinning because the defender had a hold of his left arm.  That was one of 3 no calls I can think of down the stretch.  If you watched the game you would understand.  If you watched the game and deny it, you are biased.
jmslivnik::"Melo, refs come through in the 4th for Knicks." - What the headline originally read.
caputo1987::Reffing in the 4th killed the wolves
weoutnyc::reffing in the first 3 quarters is what let the Wolves be in the game,   so shut the hel up.
knicks_112ndcoming::carmelo is so good it makes my belly button cry
Mr. Nut Job::Good job, boy!  But you need to cover that spread more often!
joeynewss::The refs were trying to get him to the line too, but it would have been too obvious to award the free throws clearly after the game was over.  Watch to see if Kenny Mauer refs the next game missing a pinky finger.
nba is the worst::Refs wave off the foul/fts at the end - gamblers with the Knicks -4.5 pts get killed.  Unreal
jfrazier3131::U know Knicks is supposed to be having a great year and Miami is supposedly coasting and yet the heat is still first in the east
nba is the worst::<b>Try again - heat are 1/2 game behind the Knicks:  http://espn.go.com/nba/standings/_/sort/gamesBehind</b>
nba is the worst::'Melo makes all 6 fts on intentional fouls at the end to seal the win - we all know lebron would have missed a couple of those...
CubicleJoe::i didn't even catch any of it, but what i've seen in other games they seem like legit 6-ish seed.  roster seems fairly well balanced.  if love can drop that injury bug i bet they'll be in the mix.  if kobe hadn't injured rubio, he'd be further along in his development.
CubicleJoe::nba is the worst - True - but that was incidental contact - kobe may be a jerk, but from the tape of the injury I don't see any sort of dirty play ========== i know, just pullin your leg.
nba is the worst::True - but that was incidental contact - kobe may be a jerk, but from the tape of the injury I don't see any sort of dirty play
CubicleJoe::probably right.  that's a hole in lebron's game that is irksome.  he needs to be 85%+.  FTs are all about confidence and repetition - i don't see why he isn't better at it.  his jumper has improved, so why not FTs?
nba is the worst::Hey MJoe - weird game, nice to see the Twolves huge improvement.  Hope Rubio is taking 500+ shots a day, kid needs to shoot better...
gobigred...::Not downplaying what carmelo has done in the clutch but kobe has taken two times the shots so ofcourse his fg percentage will be smaller. Wait until melo takes 40 more game tying/winning shots. And melo is more of a post up player and with more body and strength can take it more to the rim and have easier shots. Everyone knows kobe is going to chuck it up which makes it harder on him to make some moves to get away from that defender. Just saying...
CubicleJoe::i don't think the "more opportunities leads to lower FG%" angle holds water.
TheAvenger007::Lol. I swear people are forgetting that Knicks have 4 players injured. Amare, Shumpert, Sheed and Camby. Thats 3 freakin bigs. One dominant scorer when healthy and two defensive anchors. Oh btw lets not forget out starting Sg who's a defensive stud and above average scorer. Way better than Brewer. I'm glad Knicks are winning but its frusterating when you don't have all of your pieces.
famousfoot1000::lol, wolves were missing 2 STARTERS have 1 playing 18 min off the bench and there 3 point shooter. just lost 2 other guys that have been starting in place of there starters dont even go there
Tamatoa0963::I felt it wasn't Carmelo who was important but whoever took Pekovic out of the game. He didn't do anything in the last quartet. That's why I liked the aquisition of Brandon Roy. He could have scored with relative ease.  And that's all they would have needed. If it were for me he wouldn't be in the game before the 4th quarter :) Wolves can hang with anyone for 3 quarters after that they struggle.
chris-paul -the -truth::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ItaDWfOifXY
Trexxus::The refs stepped it up for NY in the 2nd half.
WestCoastBias4::Carmelo shot 25 shots for 33 pts. That's almost as bad as Kobe shooting 41 times against the Warriors. Great W tho?? LMAO. NBA Finals, No Lakers, No Knicks cause NO chemistry.
kmoe332::would you say you have any sort of a clue?
nba is the worst::So 25 is almost as bad as 41?  Hmmm
chris4624::Can't score if you don't shoot the ball, bro! Who else is going to take those shots?
I Ran Over Yo Grandma With A Reindeer::carmelo had a big 4th quarter though.
gerald_5::i told yall mother fuuuckers melo was goin bananas in the fourth
WestCoastBias4::Bannanas, 25 shots Gerald 5. That's just garbage.
dwight getting advice from melo on how to get dantoni fired::he should eat more bananas and less jack in the box
Ahmad4456::Knicks are looking good so far but I still think Miami is taking the east (and the west in the finals).
nba is the worst::Nah - no Phil Jackson = no repeat
seansean145::What does Phil jackson have to do with whether the Heat will repeat or not?
