Trexxus::Actually the Wolves should tank the rest of the season and make sure they are in at least 8th spot.
Trexxus::Any good SG's still be there at 8, cuz that's where we'll end up like usual.
Trexxus::Luke, DWill and someone else to Boston for KG back to Minny!!! Deal done!! lol
Celtics1634::It's intriguing.  Not sure if Ainge would do it.  Or if Kg would even approve it
Trexxus::Half the roster is new from last year and the coach is only in his 2nd year, one of which being a shortened season. Playoffs? No, but they are getting better anyone can see it, when healthy they will be a very good team.
Celtics1634::With your current roster and coaching staff, how many years in a row have the wolves missed the playoffs?
Trexxus::With the current roster and especially the current coach I don't think he'd really mind coming back here, if he could get past who the owner is.
Trexxus::Wow, deja vu, what if the wolves got KG back on the team? with it's current lineup? That would make up for a lack of a  true shooting guard, no? I think he'd fit in nicely and bring an even more immediate defensive presence and a voice and veteran leadinership to this team. Would be fun, just a thought.
Trexxus::The Wolves are still 1 true sg away from being over the hump, even with Love healthy.
carl006_1999::Steph Curry refused to work out for Minnesota.  Why draft a player who does not wont to be there?
slags22::seth curry, or we could just draft johnny flynn over him
Trexxus::lol
Dengue-Fever::Hey Boston...YOU SUUUCK!!!!...GO HEAT!!!
ThatsGoodSoup7963::This is the first time the T'Wolves have beaten the C's since the Garnett trade, right?
Celtics1634::Nice to see Bradley shoot it well once again.  Really disappointed in the fact that Green only took 10 shots
jbWhatever88::Ever since Minnesota traded him to Boston six years ago, Kevin Garnett has always come in and bullied his old team to devastating effect.  Um, no.  He always seems to miss the games because of an injury or something.  Just like last night.
_I Am A Celtic_::True
Syrindge::Love how this is shaping up. Let the young guys play, see what they can do, drop to the 8th seed and then face the Heat in the first round. Exactly as planned!!!
LosHeatSonLosMejores24::Suicide wish??
Syrindge::C's are not getting homecourt in any series and they are going to have to beat the heat ultimately anyway if they are to reach the goal (however slim the chances that STILL is the goal and only point of playing). Take on the challenge right away and see where the chips fall. Should be an entertaining series too which is what it's all about for fans. Glad they see it that way too!
_I Am A Celtic_::Yes
Ted Ginn and Juice::Boston really wants to see the heat in the first round? That series will be over quick
Ted Ginn and Juice::Boston really wants to see the heat in the first round? That series will be over quick
ThatsGoodSoup7963::$@%!
log jamming::why are the wolves winning games????   so stupid
Gentry3455::Lmao
MinniWolves90::Because that's what they get paid to do.
MinniWolves90::Ya.
log jamming::oh
MinniWolves90::Great job Wolves!! That was a good team win.
chabacano1987::hows kevin love
MinniWolves90::No way. Not this offseason, for sure.
chabacano1987::ok. is he leaving this summer
MinniWolves90::We won't see him this year.
MinniWolves90::Last time I saw his hand, it was still looking <b>rough</b>, swollen as hell.
Gentry3455::Against what was probably the weakest Celtics team of the year
MinniWolves90::I'm not going to feel bad for any team dealing with injuries. Have you followed the Wolves this year? We've been the most injury-plagued team in the league.
Gentry3455::Not surprised here, can't win without Piecre and Garnett
_I Am A Celtic_:::(
twinsfan184::Boy, ESPN is going to bury this story as deep as they can. LOL.
nhraven5200::LOL
doggbrown1::rubio with the great shooting again
Rick-Patton::hey cats
Minnysota Vikings::Pekovic is the reason Waldo is hiding.
MJSTEVENS1974::Great Job, Celtics....Rest your starters...I want you guys to face the Heat in the 1st Round.
ndcccc::Maybe what doc wants, but along with smooth (maybe mykal also) , I think the Heat win (I think in 5). Finally beat the old guard down--pierce and kg--for good after two straight the last two years. doc wants one last stand  maybe.
mykal151::4
J-SMOOVE89898::i personally think miami wins that in 5
EOswede::Wolves need to stop winning. Every time they win, the Wild lose.
thaggas::Does anyone know if KG made the trip for the game tonight?
MinniWolves90::He made the trip, but wasn't on the sidelines. Not sure where he was.
Yankees__ Fan__93::call me crazy but boston vs miami rematch ecf book it
youngfan9886::Not if they meet in the 1st round. Boston better watch out or they could slip behind Milwaukee.
Welcome To NYCity312::Haha Celtics lost again, TRASH.
CrimsonEyedDeath::And if the Knicks or the Heat lost like that, you'd skewer them and call them trash.
Gentry3455::They were playing without 2 of their best players best players idiot
Yankees__ Fan__93::as  u can see we need kg pierce back come playoff time is when we bring our a game were slipping games for reason so we can upset the heat first round how great would that be
DbackBakken::I think the Celts would really give the Heat headaches if theyre healthy. I dont think theyll actually beat them but i hope they can drag the series out as long as possible.
Mikeferrari23...::Some pipe dream you have there lol  Celtics have about as good of a chance beating the heat 4 times in 7 games as the bobcats have at being the number 1 seed next year
Mikeferrari23...::Pat Riley was right ainge should shut the fu.ck up and run his own team because right now it's a fuckking embarrassment.
the.city.::celtics almost back at .500! lakers almost back at .500!
Mikeferrari23...::Was laying down because I had to go to work then I suddenly decided screw it I'm making chicken wings !! Never made them before but I have to at least try!! Now I only get 1 shot at this so I have to preform under pressure .. In the clutch if you will. Any advice before I begin my journey to the land of greese hot sauce and chicken???
IversonDaGreatest3::The Celtics are headed for a tragic rebuild, just like what the Pistons are going through now...
DbackBakken::There is no rebuilding in the nba anymore. Once a player becomes a free agent he leaves for an already stacked team.
mykal151::itll be as bad. they have no one up front to rebuild around.They have Rondo, thats it.Detroit had Hamliton .  but he was a guard like Rondo.You gotta build around a 2 guard and a big .They have no big's.Green is a complimentary  player at the most.He is and will never be near a Paul Pierce.
Flash Barrett::The Celtics rebuild will be nothing like the Pistons
_I Am A Celtic_::I can only pray that Ainge doesn't spend on players like Villenueva and Gordon
IversonDaGreatest3::Yeah but i'm hoping for the best towards the Celtics future...
jpejeff::There is only a handful of reasons you can be excused from a game. Sick/dead family member. Birth of a child. Maybe marrying your spouse Injury or player illness. Doc says it's not bad news, so gonna rule out the 1st and the last one. I haven't heard anything about a birth or a marriage. WTF is going on with PP. A mental breakdown would be bad too. My guess is that this guy thinks he can just take off when he wants because he is PP.
jpejeff::Celtics look like they're trying to lose. They don't want no part of NY in the 1st rd. They rather play Miami. They think they can beat the Heat. They got it twisted. Heat will beat dat asz.
jpejeff::That's BS. You don't let your teammates down because you wanna spend more time with your dog. If he's hurt, just say it. Everyone knows Boston has been the Ben gay team now for a couple of years. All the injuries make that obvious.
_I Am A Celtic_::Pierce has earned the right to have a night off, even if it's for the simply reason that he wants to
FeFyeFoeRun::Boston is Awful! First rd exit coming up!
IversonDaGreatest3::Lmao i told people the Celtics wouldn't last without Rondo...
_I Am A Celtic_::Yea but you never said anything about the Celtics missing 4 out of 5 staters
_I Am A Celtic_::well, yea
IversonDaGreatest3::Doesn't matter in the end,sorry to say but the Celtics aren't the same 2008 team...
garnolfini::20-23 <i>with</i> Rondo. Makes no difference.
IversonDaGreatest3::Rondo makes a difference though,especially in the playoffs...
LeBron The GOAT12::Personal reasons...had to oil his wheelchair.
garnolfini::Celtics are done.
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::I'm leaving.  Rondo &gt; Pierce Reds own the Mets Dalton = Cam UK &gt; Clemson
PP owns Rondo::How can RG3 be more durable than Cam in the long run when he has torn his ACL twice? It just isn't possible UK.
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::Cam could take one blow to the head making an ill advised run and be done.
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::I'm obviously not wishing that upon him. But he has made some poor choices at times.   So has RGIII
Sam_Cassells_Spaceship::KG getting healthy will definitely make a huge difference in the playoffs.  Instead of losing 4-0, the Celtics lose 4-1.
John Lennon III::hahahah
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::It's not our year. I'll give you that.
John Lennon III::No playoffs for Boston
jpejeff::LMAO.......COUGHING.....LMAO SOME MORE.......CHOKING WHILE LMAO.........CLEAR MY THROAT.......LMAO SOME MORE.  DAM SCRUBS!
PP owns Rondo::Sorry UK  You're wrong. Cam is more durable than RG3. This is RG3's 2nd time tearing his ACL. Cam is more durable. Sorry but the facts speak for themselves. Also, the only thing they have in common is they're both Heisman Trophy winners. Cam has better career stats and a better overall career. Cam has a BCS title and ring under his belt as well as another championship trophy and ring under his belt as well as an undefeated season at Auburn  RG3 has .......... crickets.  Facts speak for themselves  Cam &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; RG3
Joshua43786::Don't you need to actually play in the postseason to have a winning postseason record?
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::RG3 has a winning record in the NFL; Scam does not.  You might be right on the durability thus far but who knows going forward? I can guarantee that RG3 is going to have a much stronger line next year and there is no way the coach is going to leave him in if he senses any limp/cough/anything after the bashing he took last year almost ruining the best thing in Washington in twenty years.
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::Well, you have to win regular season games to do that.
PP owns Rondo::RG3 also has a losing playoff record, Cam dosen't.
_I Am A Celtic_:::/
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::Sorry about Duke.
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::Cal is clearing them out now. Wiggins is coming!
_I Am A Celtic_::If Wiggins goes to UK, for sure you guys will win it all
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::At least you  have Jabari coming in next year...  But you know UK is winning it all.
_I Am A Celtic_::But thank you
_I Am A Celtic_::Strange thing is, I'm not even sad or mad.  I knew Duke was outmatched.  Maybe it makes it easier knowing that.
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::Archie Goodwin just declared for the draft. I am praying the C's don't draft him  Most selfish player I've seen at UK in a long time.
PP owns Rondo::UK  Cam &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; RG3  He's a better QB, more durable, and athletic and he can take hits. He's had a better football career overall as well, college and pro. RG3 won't last long in the NFL, he's too injury prone.
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::You can't say Cam is more durable because of the idiot coach in Washington. RG3 actually makes wiser decisions than Cam in and out of the pocket. I believe RG3 will be more durable in the long run.
SPORTS-TALK-1-::Boston suck "   Tom Brady
Minnysota Vikings::dang the posts keep disappearing
kobe being kobe in colorado::Celtics don't deserve to be in the playoffs.
Charlie9680::Pissed that the Celtics lost, but still good to see Terrence Williams and Avery Bradley Scoring.
mykal151::what happened to Green?
Tyler BarnesMNSports::Felix Hernandez no hitter. I said it first
