anen87::dam i hate these kind of loses.
md7152::Good game Rockets.  Ridnour and Love could only do so much....
pspoolplayer::McHale traded away Kevin Garnett, He helped his old team while throwing ours down the sewer!
bevoguy2::soooooo long ago.....move on!
mphilip87::Lebron: So..when can i call myself great? Kobe: Just be a 13x NBA All-star, win 5 titles and be the finals MVP 2 times... Jordan: ...Then win 1 more title be an All star 1 more time, a finals MVP 4 more times, become the season MVP 5x and u got it kid!
slim fowler::is Terrence Williams the forgotten man on the team?
Sevn_dedly_sins::he had his shot and didnt take advantage man so hes riding the bench
H-TownTEX5040::Straight up why is that
Vikadontis Rex::natskivna The fans booed Mchale's intro? Stay classy Minnesota. -----------  I couldnt believe we did that.  McHale has such a long history with MN but all the small brained idiots remember is a couple losing years.  The guy was a UofM stud, Mr Basketball, and part of the Wolves organization for over 10 years but because he couldnt coach a squad of Johnny Flynn, Corey Brewer, Al Jefferson, Luke Ridnour, etc, he gets booed? Ridiculous.
mn_tanz::He coached the players just fine.  It was the being a GM part where he was awful.  When he took over as the coach and actually got them to win some games, it made him look less crazy as a GM.    I don't blame the fans for booing him.  Yeah, he's from MN and has a long history here, etc., etc.  He also was one of the worst GMs in sports and drove the team down in a major way.
Ray Ray713::Go Rockets!!
SDunick::dam i hate these kind of loses.
DAT6LMJ21::
Blazelover13::I expected a very exciting and entertaining game here, and boy oh boy did we get that! A stunning 39 points by Love? A triple-double by Lowry? And a beautiful 15-point win by the surging Rockets? Man what a game! I think it's clear that the Rockets' division is the best in basketball right now (besides the Thunder's division) seeing as how four of the five teams are currently in the playoffs or on the verge of being in. Lowry, Dalembert, Martin, Scola, Parsons...this Rockets team is starting to shape into form. Watch out, Western Conference.
Seven13Hou::Bucks come to Houston now .....going for 8
meats29::Lowry finally got a triple double after he had come close so many times this year. Man he is a good player.
clutchcityforlife::How's it feel that Kevin McHale's Rockets won today Twolves?? Lol..good job Houston, keep this streak goin'. Hope Love's eye is alright!
mn_tanz::It feels like McHale is benefitting from coaching a team put together by a competent GM, whereas the team that had to embark in a multi-year rebuilding process because of his incompetencies as a GM isn't yet good enough to make the playoffs.  But they're getting notably better since McHale left.  That's what it felt like.  Houston should feel free to make McHale their new GM just to see how it goes for you.
clutchcityforlife::Thanks but no thanks lol. Many Houstonians were disgruntled by us picking him up after wasting KG's prime away and never getting where y'all were capable of getting to.
topbanana_14::I'm liking Patterson's game.
Welker713::couldnt agree more with you fellas
ThirdCoastTexan::he is the 2nd coming of Carl Landry, but with better D
dabulls2012::Man, I don't know if I've ever seen a guy putting up such crazy numbers and still not get his team wins like Kevin Love...39 and 15 tonight while his team loses by 15 at home.
Pan6502::I don't know if you agree but Kevin Love is like a white Moses Malone!
Blazelover13::Personally, if I were Love, I'd want to go to Philly. They don't have a true superstar, and with the balanced scoring that Philly has, adding Love would EASILY push them over the Bulls and Heat in the East.
bobbydagreat::Love is good, but he isn't good enough to win by himself, and he was the only one out there tonight.
ThirdCoastTexan::dudes back has gotta be hurting after carrying them through this game...i see him leaving unless the Wolves other players can pull some talent out of their a$s
DogOnLoose::I heard Kevin Love had an eye injury ...
DogOnLoose::damn- unfortunate
ThirdCoastTexan::ya he got poked in the eye and came out of the game for the last like 5 minutes or something
ChicagoSportsFTW8510::Love is a beast, man just look at those numbers I take him over any PF
dsides75::Poor editing AGAIN by ESPN--the Rockets-Lakers series in 2009 was the Western SEMI Finals--NOT the Western Finals.
emmanopg33::Aldridge&gt;Love
Hardcore4Hoops::No way.
TWolveRidnourYankeeZagSeahawkFan13::Not the best game to be sayin this. not disagreeing just saying.
TWolveRidnourYankeeZagSeahawkFan13::Damn. Three players (Rubio, Love, and Ridnour) can only do so much. Need to get healthy
anen87::The only two players I ALWAYS see on the "Game Leaders" chart of each Twolves game is Love and Rubio the rest of the team is a bunch of scrubs same from last year xD
md7152::"Game Leaders Chart" dosen't tell the whole story.  Many contributions by a player such as Ridnour aren't showing in the stats.
The Utah Joker::Good try wolves you almost got this one  GO JAZZ
topbanana_14::Wolves' fans: "It's going to be a blowout"  Rofl, stop looking down on a team when your team isn't even good.
NorthNorth10100::You gonna be ok buddy?
NorthNorth10100::the wolves need to draft an athletic point guard. there was a reason Luke ridnour had always been a backup before he came to minne.
md7152::He wasn't always a back up but thats ok
ThirdCoastTexan::http://espn.go.com/nfl/conversations/_/id/6191020/houston-texans-2011-nfl-draft-conversation?eleven=twelve  Houston Texans draft talk...its lonely in there :)
topbanana_14::Timberwolves = Bad team.
QUITE FRANKLY MY DEAR ILL SMACK YOU IN THE FACE::Western Conference semi-finals, you crackwhores
natskivna::The fans booed Mchale's intro?  Stay classy Minnesota.
AsianBalla23::maybe he's better off coaching than managing the front office.
NorthNorth10100::He f'd up our organization. Stay informed natskivna
ageezeee33::If you say so. We would also have never traded KG for nothing AND no draft picks. We didn't just let KG go, McHale literally gave them a championship, try and convince me otherwise.
ageezeee33::I hope you get to read that this $@%! made my night. Lol
ThirdCoastTexan::you wouldnt have Love without McHale
NorthNorth10100::it was in tough shape after trading KG, as are most teams after losing a player of KG's caliber.  Kevin Mchale only did worse, he was like the guy in mortal combat, he looked at our wolves team and said FINISH THEM
bobbydagreat::It was F'ed up before he got there.
Cowboys-Yankees-Knicks-Syracuse::Knicks &gt; Wolves
bobbydagreat::I hear that Daryl Morey has interest in Anthony Randolph, I wonder if they were showcasing him by playing him tonight after keeping him benched for the previous two games.
AsianBalla23::if he's not any better than patterson or hill, who cares bout his size.  Want size, hell, the rockets also got a 7'2 stiff who's not even in uniform, what does that tell u bout size.
ThirdCoastTexan::ya id take Randolph over Jordan Hill anyday...i want to keep Patterson around though
bobbydagreat::He's a better rebounder and is more of a shot blocker than either of those two.
AsianBalla23::how's AR an upgrade?  Unless patterson or hill struggle, i dont see the point of getting him.
bobbydagreat::He would be added depth and size, right now, the Rockets don't have very much size.
Dickens Cider 101::What happens when Love Leaves?
AsianBalla23::it aint bout major market or tv time, it's about W, bobbydafool.
bobbydagreat::It would still be the same end result
natskivna::I hope he stays.  Small market teams have been taking it up the rear too long.  Players need to stay with their teams.  Just my opinion.
bobbydagreat::I think he is gone personally. I think he will jet to a major market so he can get on TV more often. It's a shame that small markets keep getting the shaft.
andrefan11::10-72 again
SDFifa2010::RFA so it won't happen
SDFifa2010::Can you say owned at home ?  oh well
NorthNorth10100::look, anyone who says mike Beasley should be traded is a straight fool.   The wolves offense looks lost, frankly more than it should, and not having Beasley is reallyyy hurting us.  He's 23 years old and has talent you can't teach. Can't wait till he's healthy.   However, he does need to cut down on his smoking. ha
AsianBalla23::the wolves need more production outta their guards.. all these fancy passes dont mean jack when you're scoring 7, 8 point a game.
XxLeprechaunxX::THANK YOU!!!  such much hate for Beasley i dont get it, he IS the second best player on our team.  WE NEED HIM!
NorthNorth10100::how is that a problem? He's a #2 pick and anyone in the league, players or coaches, will say the same things I said.    He's gotta stop smoking though I'm telling you...  He takes certain breaks during games that only smokers take! Lol I know from experience
MNorton1982::that might be the problem, Beasley is your second best player!
NorthNorth10100::I saw him and his friend getting munchies inside a gas station in wayzata lol
Rmnica23::Texans had a great year for you Houston guys, they should be great for awhile once they are fully healthy
scow79::A lot of Utah fans get no choice.   The Denver Broncos are forced down our gullets every week.   So Houston-New England could be playing and we're stuck watching the f-ing Chiefs-Broncos game.    I hate that soooooo much!
Rmnica23::either the broncos or the seahawks every freaking week.
Rmnica23::well your basketball team certainly paid the Utes back for the football loss
Rmnica23::I can definitely see them making a run to the Superbowl.  Just keep making the cowgirls look bad and I will be happy
Rmnica23::and I am pretty sure that the Chef already got out of his cage. lol
MNorton1982::because we are both jazz fans I will let that slide, but you keep bashing my boys and I will have to let chef loose on you
Rmnica23::I am a Utah football fan and a BYU basketball fan.  But as for the NFL, there is no one team that most people cheer for
natskivna::Super Bowl bound next year IF (and its a big if) Schaub stays healthy.
andrefan11::He'll be fine as long as FAT A.S.S haynesworth doesn't touch him
andrefan11::OH YA. So do you guys in utah have a specific NFL team you root for or do you just root for Utah State , Byu, and Utah U?
bigroxfan::whats up on a 7 game game roll heck lets for for 22 oh wait we already did that....... AWWW Heck ok lets try for 23
Chex Lemeneux 6::.
bobbydagreat::There is more to a game than scoring points, he is the best SF on the team.
bobbydagreat::He's good defensively and he occasionally comes up with some big plays, that's all they need him for.
Chex Lemeneux 6::I know there is ... but he's trash... I guess they aren't deep there since Chase Budinger is essentially a bust
Dickens Cider 101::knicks &gt; t wolves
natskivna::Say What again.  Say what one more g o d d a m n time!!!!!
andrefan11::WHAT???
andrefan11::WWWWWWHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAATTTTTTTTT??????
Dickens Cider 101::Whaaaaaaat!!
Chex Lemeneux 6::How did Chandler Parsons log 34 minutes?  He SUCKS
AsianBalla23::chex, every team's starting lineup with have a player, or 2, who's primary job is not scoring, if you havent noticed.
AsianBalla23::parson's almost a clone to buddinger actually, well a hot buddinger at least, with a better d.  Bud's struggling and losing confidence, been exiled to the end of the bench with TWill.
natskivna::Au contraire.  He is getting nice minutes for Houston.  A glue guy in the making.
natskivna::I'm a homer for saying he's getting nice minutes?   Or perhaps you're just a hater.
Chex Lemeneux 6::I forgot this board would be  loaded with Rockets homers... if you want to deign to accept Parsons, I guess that's okay
andrefan11::He has monster dunks
MNorton1982::sorry I am late for the party. Where is my boy chef?
MNorton1982::I need him to predict I will never win the lottery, it seems like everytime he makes a prediction the opposite comes true
StockonToMalone::I think he's watching peter pan or something with his sister again.
Rmnica23::he disappeared awhile ago but not before predicting a wolves win over the mavs on Wednesday.  he is probably on that board as we speak....
bobbydagreat::I really don't want the Rockets to make the playoffs, they aren't good enough to make a deep playoff run, so there is no reason to lose a first round pick over it.
topbanana_14::I hate this kind of a mentality. Tanking it is not always the solution. Though it hasn't been fully evident yet.
Rmnica23::I agree, but getting a mid first round pick is kind of like being in no man's land
bobbydagreat::I want the Rockets to win a championship, not merely make the playoffs, the standards for a team like the Rockets should be much higher than that of a lot of other teams.
bobbydagreat::Yeah, that's the problem, this team is really talented so it's not easy to tank aside from giving Thabeet major minutes.
natskivna::How do you get this team to tank?  Bench Martin and Scola?  The young guys are getting minutes.  Dragic, Patterson, Parsons, Lowry, Hill, all getting major minutes.  The rest just plain suck.
bobbydagreat::I think one year of tanking is worth it if it can lead to a future championship. The Rockets tanked in order to get Hakeem, the Spurs tanked in order to get Duncan. Tanking can be a really smart move.
natskivna::Who doesn't?  But the reality is that only 1 team wins one every year.  I would rather they be competitive, and continue a winning foundation rather than tank and become the Nets/Wizards/Bobcats/Warriors/Bucks....etc etc.
Rmnica23::you play to win the game.  You never know what will happen in the playoffs.  Jazz or Rockets could get hot and make some noise
natskivna::I HATE HATE HATE this mentality.   EVEN IF Houston got into the lottery, there is no guarantee they get a high draft pick NEVER MIND the draft pick actually working out.
degjoe06::I think that was last season...This season they get the Knicks pick if it isn't the #1 pick. I don't remember, but we got 2 1st rd'ers from the Knicks. One was top 5 protected and the other #1 protected. Either way hope the Knicks keep losing not only bc we want higher picks, but bc I don't like Stoudamire or Melo.
bobbydagreat::The Rockets get the Knicks pick as long as it isn't a top 5 pick.
bobbydagreat::Yeah so they can have 2 picks in a very deep draft if they don't make the playoffs, that's what I want.
scow79::Houston does or the Nets do?   That could be a good pick with how the Knicks are playing
natskivna::The got the Knicks #1 also. Root for them to lose.  :)
bobbydagreat::If the pick is in the lottery, then they get to keep it, if it isn't in the lottery, it goes to the Nets.
scow79::Does that make me a bad fan or just realistic, bc I feel the same about my Jazz team.
etaUpike07::what a terrible attitude. just be happy they are winning its a nice change for houston to have some good/decent teams
andrefan11::The Rockets hav always found away to have good teams. The Texans are a nice breath of Fresh air though.
andrefan11::You never know man. Look at all the teams this year. The Lakers, Spurs, mavs, and Celics all suck and the Pacer(WTF) are good.
Rmnica23::you never know, look what the Knicks did during the last lockout
Way Klaro::Sorry just came back. Who is chef?
Way Klaro::Now i know! Real amazing!
andrefan11::My imaginary friend
Way Klaro:::0)
scow79::You don't want to know
natskivna::I listened to some local talk show guys this morning.  They used the word lottery and Spurs AND Lakers in the same sentence.  Could it be?!?!?!?
andrefan11::wouldn;t be surprised and if i'm not mistaken the rockets have a better record than the LA lakers now
andrefan11::Guess whose on the Wolves- Mavs board.......CHEF!!
Rmnica23::lol, he is relentless, I will give him that
andrefan11::never been happier for a 60 game season. 22 games less for him to bs about
scow79::No one can say that he's not popular....They can say he's popular in the bad way though
ThirdCoastTexan::lol
DirkNowitzki4President::I don't think Love will sign with Minnesota. In case the Mavs are not able to get DWILL or Howard, Love wouldn't be bad sign by the Mavericks since they have lots of cap space after this season.
jarrollin::(A)  The Mavs are going downhill (B) Wouldn't be a bad sign?  He's one of the top up and coming stars.  He merits more than that.  (C)  As the other commenter said, it's not even possible.  Learn your crap before posting dude.
scow79::Yeah I don't see the Wolves letting him get away.....Unless he pulls a D-Will, Melo, D-Howard, CP3.   The list is endless
XxLeprechaunxX::love is a restricted free agent, the wolves can match an offer from another team, if he does go to FA this year
DirkNowitzki4President::Didn't know he was restricted but now I know. Thanks
natskivna::Don't sleep on Houston.
Rmnica23::they look decent.  Could give anyone a good game
andrefan11::texans coaching staff coaching in the pro bowl. They deserve a week end in Hawaii after the year they've had.
StockonToMalone::Lol, just heard the wolves lost and the first thing i thought of was chef. where is he?
Rmnica23::you just missed him.  He made his great escape by predicting a wolves win against the mavs on wednesday
scow79::I think the Rockets fans have already driven him away.  : (
andrefan11::Crying in a hole at the bottom of the marianas trench
adamsbrian88::C'mon chef  lets hear it, For those of you who dont know, the amazing chef invited the Jazz/Raptors Conversation board to come on over when the wolves won... so  chef let's hear it.....
Rmnica23::no where to be found
jcoebatty::Jazz fan answering the chefs call to come to board after they "kill the rockets."   How'd the game go??
jcoebatty::see ya there
Rmnica23::can't wait for the game wednesday
scow79::Probably the same as the board is going to look after the T-Wolves "kill the Mavericks"
Rmnica23::good to see another Jazz fan here.  Chef has united us all
andrefan11::7-game winning streak &gt;  2 game loosing streak
iluvvodka33::Rockets play there next 5 games at home aganst losing teams. So there going streaking pal
heartofachamp34::bucks.. maybe.. they did just knock off the cheat recently knicks?? they're awful.
andrefan11::The bucks game and the knicks game scare me
iluvvodka33::Love is kissing the Olympic committee A## by padding his stats on a bad team, just to make the Dream team.  Im not a sucker for Love! Bosh is better and will take the last spot
andrefan11::I'm sorry but love is so much better than Bosh
