cougarfromouterdarkness::hell ya, I hate the Thuggets  GO JAZZ
damann88::"Usually I can cut a guy's wood off." WTF Al Harrington?
GsU -3000-GsU::PAUL MILLSAP! Louisiana stand up!
pdiss88::LOL this reminds me of when Nuggets fans were saying that the Mavs would miss the playoffs and the Nuggets would be the #2 seed. Oh, how the "mighty" have fallen. The Mavs have their worst start in years and we're, what, one game apart now?
Kingjamesmiamiheatfan::The mavs are too old yeah Dirk will get 30 points make a game winner and j-kidd will get som assists but com on the nuggets are younger and lie tdickens2011 said 13 games
tdickens2011::Dude its only 13 games into the season. Its too early for all that
pdiss88::Never mind we have the same record. SUCK IT.
BlazersWar::Hey the Jazz have Enes Kanter who is considered to be a great talent, but doesn't get much PT on that roster - if you don't need him, why keep him?
meworkingman::I'd be worried about your own team which is heading down in the standings.  You obviously have no idea about how the Jazz are spreading the playing time.  Kanter is being developed exactly as he should be; his time will come and then you Blazers fans will have even more to worry about.
BlazersWar::wow, no questions allowed, heh?
L3BR0lV::I'm kind of annoyed myself.  I mean this is the perfect year to play the rookies a ton, suck and get a high lottery pick.  Instead the jazz are playing their vets a ton and clearly giving it their all when it's obvious that making it past the first round of the playoffs would be a stretch.  In the NBA you need to bottom out before you can get better.  The jazz seem to have their sights set on mediocrity.  I mean why no PT for favors/kanter?
boardorbust::Favors had the opportunity to start this season and got himself repeatedly in foul trouble.  He could not handle it.   Kanter is doing great in his current limited opportunities.  He is learning but not being overwhelmed with expectations.  He will gradually improve.  He can't score much and has a very limited offensive game and so to throw him out there as a starter would be foolish.  It would be sheer stupidity to be forking out 45 million a year for Millsap, Jefferson, and Harris and then sitting them to play rookies and lose games.  Dumb.  The majority of the Jazz fan base wants to win and they are used to it.  If the vets can win and the rookies can learn at the same time then that is the ideal scenario.  Ty is giving the young guys plenty of meaningful minutes and building their confidence.  When they get good enough they will unload some vets and turn over the reins to the new talent.
gerald_5::bulls over okc in 6= bulls 2012 champs
JDenver2012::@ gerald_5 ......the Bulls over OKC in 6?  THAT WILL NEVER HAPPEN!!!
boardorbust::In the playoffs the Bulls turn into a one man show....just like last year. Just limit Rose like they did last year and the result will be the same.  They have too many of the Jazz cast-offs to win.  Korver can't throw it in the ocean in the playoffs.  Boozer is a statue on defense and poor Brewer still can't make a jump shot.  As long as those chokers are the supporting cast it won't happen for the Bulls.
Kingjamesmiamiheatfan::too young okc got kd +russel+james harden etc.
NovaNationBaby::corey brewer sucks
birdman._.::unless its a heat lakers or clippers games the boards are always dead.  MEH
Utah_Dirtbiker::Nuggets fans sure were talking a lot of sh*t BEFORE the game. LMAO.
CandySparker::Delicious! Paul Mil Sup.
liquiditytrap::What's up with the Jazz? On paper, they should not being doing this well. Way to stick it that chump Deron Williams.
damann88::Deron Williams is awesome
Kingjamesmiamiheatfan::but u still can't beat the cavs
boardorbust::Except they just beat the cavs last week.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::We are a very very very DEEP team. No superstars. We have a full roster of players who are all above average players.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::with the exception of a few but we are 10-12 deep
The_Mailman_::I was at the game tonight, tons of fun to watch. This is the kind of game you love to see live. In the end, stoked to see the Jazz come out on top! I got two pitchers of beer as a result haha
utahraiderfan::Denver had rough week. GO JAZZ
Jthizz69::Wow, I mean, I have no context, nor did I watch the game, but this is a very different Utah squad than the team that got lit up by the Lakers in their first game of the season. And to beat Denver in Denver as well, I guess SLC's altitude is comparable to Denver's? Anyways, great win Jazz fans, nobody can trash talk you anymore. Better luck next game Denver, and you guys have a great team too so there shouldn't be anyone trash talking you either.
zeppelin198001::George Carl is a tool, why is getting beat by the Jazz embarrassing? They have a young team and started out slow but now they have a better record than  Denver.
tdickens2011::I think he was talking about the way we played in embarassing
Jthizz69::Now if the Nuggets had JR and Chandler, they'd be on that cusp as well.
TAC0REV::I'd take CJ over JR, and I'm not a big fan of CJ...
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::HAHA JR SMITH has all the talent in the world but he makes your team worse
Comeonnn::I agree that Chandler would make them better.  I am not so sure about J.R.  He seems a bit like an upgrade of CJ Miles.  Better than CJ yet still a loose cannon where at times you question, why the 10 1/2 court shots in a row when you could have driven to the basket for easy layups?
Jthizz69::Nuggets aren't an elite team. There are only 3 elite teams, Chicago, Miami, and OKC. Every other roster has been tinkered with much more and is a work in progress. We'll see when the playoffs come around, I'd consider the Pacers, Blazers, and Clippers as the teams on the cusp of elite-ness at the moment. Also, I'm a firm believer that OKC will never win a championship as long as that poison Westbrook is their PG. Wildly talented, painfully selfish and ignorant.
sjmcb160::I can understand his point because that does happen with elite teams, but that's definitely a dis on the Jazz. The Nuggets haven't proven they're elite yet...and certainly can't claim to be superior to the Jazz at this point.
The Big Stroonzo::Creamy Noggetts 8-5 because of favorable scheduling, 8 home games, but still begin their choke early. Wait until the tough road trips start...aaaarrrrgggggggggggggggggggghhhhhhh*cough*cough*choke* arrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrggggggggggggggggggggg....PLOP...FIZZ...FIZZ...
tdickens2011::The Knicks suck home or road  so you have no room to talk
Comeonnn::Mi piace il nome stroonzo
1o17 LeBRICK SQUAD::Nuggets weak af
DenverDiehard35::I know its only one loss, but the season is abbreviated and its the nba still, you gotta win ur home games and win the games ur supposed to win. Jazz are damn good, NW division is up for grabs.
Phatjam98::NW isn't up for grabs.  Its OKC's too loose.  But Utah and Denver may be battling for 2nd place.
dbaerry::dumb post, nice try tho
DenverDiehard35::thanks man ur opinion matters so much
LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::wow a couple hours late and jazz fans still here. just how pathetic the whole state of utah is haha
Utah_Dirtbiker::This is one of the of the dumbest comments I've ever seen.
stanford1954::Chill out man...^  People like you are the most hateful, rude and intolerant people in the world
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::shut up hippie ^
Comeonnn::Yeah those people who live in New york must be really sad since they are nicknamed the city that never sleeps.  And those horrible people in Vegas,   What are you?  a 90 year old grandpa that thinks people are immoral for staying up past 9 at night?  Go die grandpa, and quit waisting our tax dollars on your medical bills.
SomeGuySays::Go die grandpa?  Really?  Clearly your parents wasted ... or is it "waisted" ... their time with you ... and our tax dollars on your education.
MonkeyGordo1001::Is it true that the Knicks want to trade Amar'e for either Millsap or Jefferson?
boardorbust::I might trade him for Jefferson.  The dude gets it going some nights but he is a black hole on offense.  He rarely ever passes, even out of double and triple teams.  Amare is waaaaay more athletic and would likely play defense if he was surrounded by other doing it like the Jazz are right now.    Amare has the ability to make his team mates better.  Jerfferson could because he always draws double-teams but he just hardly passes and force shots.  Its beautiful when he is on but how about against Bynum the other night?  He was literally worthless.  That is when you need an athlete like Amare who can put the ball on the floor and go around someone.  Millsap did it to Gasol but Jefferson had no ability to adjust.  When will Bynum be going away?  The Jazz won't get past the Lakers with Jefferson as a go-to guy.
Opragman::Why in the world would Utah want to do that?
MonkeyGordo1001::I'd rather have Millsap and Jefferson working together then have Amar'e doing it himself
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::nope, i'm not even gonna check rumors...not gonna happen
AceyUT::so if utah has no good sports teams, what does that make the nuggets?
ofaixa::Since when did Utah have no good sports teams?
jazzfan1073::$@%!
MonkeyGordo1001::I about 4 years from now, the Jazz will be the team to beat. The have so many good potenial rookies
Utah_Dirtbiker::The Jazz need a good young point guard and a good shooter, then they will be a top western team.
fightinillini32::Maybe, but they have so many big men right now they have to get rid of some of them.
Can-I-Get-A-Hot-Tub::Out of all the 'good' Point Guards, Lou Williams is the most available.
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::if harris plays like he should he can be 'good.' if the jazz make a trade, make it for a franchise changing player. ie-rondo
Comeonnn::Any amazing 3 point shooters out there as a FA?  Would love to get another Korver type player yet with better defense.  Im fine with Harris at point.  We have an unslefish team that shares the ball so a true point atm does not seem to be a big deal
SauceCaptain::Wow. I thought it was bad watching the game but that was terrible. Denver shot 19 more freethrows than the Jazz, way to beat the home team and the guys with the whistles! It's not like the Jazz were shooting all night, the Jazz have no outside game, but still got it done.
JDenver2012::Only reason why the Jazz got it done was because someone by the name of cough cough....TY LAWSON....cough....lost the game for the Nuggets by forcing all those shots on every possession in the 4th quarter and turning the ball over. He was thinking about his damn self making the highlights instead of making plays for Gallinari, Afflalo or Harrington to make some shots in the clutch.  Ty sit your little $@% down when it's crunch time.  It's clear that you can't bring it home for Denver.  George Karl and Ty are sitting some where on another planet all by themselves and we need them to come back to earth and get it together!!!!
Comeonnn::I was happy when they called fouls for the most part as they more often resulted in free turn overs as they missed most their freethrows.
ImAllIn0824::how do you lose to utah and new orleans at home, but beat miami heat at home. denver is a mess, going no where
Comeonnn::Its the nature of the NBA.  Motivation and chimistry go a long way and some nights the shots just wont fall.  I would not sleep on Denver.  Tey seem legit in the West to me
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::the 10 year cj miles project is over and failed! time to bench him and move on. i'd be fine with cutting him at this point since i dunno what team would want him. he's not progressed one bit, in fact he has seriously digressed
basketballsprettycool::Have you watched the last few games? I see a big difference in our defense...Milsap and Jefferson are blocking shots...they are playing as a team more than ever, helping each other out...The Sloan days we would foul all game long.
dirtymormon61::Ha ha!!! Me too! Hell that was frustrating....
basketballsprettycool::Anyone would drive the lane it was an easy layup or a foul. I watched that one play at the end of the game tonight where the Denver player got by Milsap and Jefferson helped out with a block. In the past we would let them drive right down the lane or foul.
Comeonnn::When you said that I invisioned Boozer watching the guy make an easy layup positioning himself for the rebound or grabbing the ball to pass in bounds
NiteOwlMom::They are moving their feet. And they are switching. And playing help defense.
dirtymormon61::Yeah the Sloan era we would have fouled... It's nice to see rotations and guys actually getting out to contest shots.
kam_moto::EAT IT worthless $@% nugget fans
usafahogfan::It's whatever, as a Nuggets fan I recognize the rivalry between the Jazz and Nuggz. So to all the Jazz fans, you suck! lol
Comeonnn::lol
Comeonnn::Even though we won tonight I do not think I would be so quick to say that we could take Denver in 7.  They will get at least one piece back from CHina in Wilson C. and could really help against players like Hayward who Brewer tonight looked like a deer in the headlights guarding
basketballsprettycool::That is true every team has an off night, especially in this compacted season. I do believe Denver will be there in the playoffs.
basketballsprettycool::The Nuggetts are overrated bigtime! Our very young team goes into Denver and spanks them. The Jazz are the team of the future, we are the next Oklahoma City Thunder baby!
Comeonnn::I don't know.  They looked good against Miami.  I think the West is wide open outside of Oklahoma and I see Denver being a team that others will use to measure how they are doing throughout the year
SauceCaptain::"UTAH SUCKS, UTAH SUCKS, UTAH SUCKS, UTAH SUCKS" - Nuggets fans every time the Jazz have ever played them, especially the playoffs. Or mabey it was all those insulting "Carmello Anthony fans of Utah" ads from a few years ago ... either way karma is a bit@#.
rbmw263::Beating them, and beating them badly, was made so sweet by those stupid commercials.
kosherkid-ute::As amazing as the Jazz are on offense... they waste all of their effort by being MORONS on defense. Until we fix that it won't matter that Hayward, Burks, Favors, and Kanter are all developing on the offensive side. Good win but I'm not seeing a lot of improvements on D against teams who aren't stupid on offense. (No offense Nug fans)
grrthehulkman140::Poor shot selection and poor shooting % can be attributed to good defense.
kosherkid-ute::I think the Nugs having an off night doesn't automatically mean good defense. They had poor shot selection and shooting in general, what game did you watch?
Comeonnn::It is true that all teams have their off nights.  Ty Lawson did not look as good as the hype that I have heard about him.  You get him on a night when his shots drop and its a different game.  At the same time I also think the Jazz put up a good defensive effort.  That may not be saying much but compared to other games they seemed to have help defense most of the night.
rbmw263::i notice a huge difference in our D this yr. Esp when Favors and Kanter are patrolling the paint
Comeonnn::I hope this new found chemistry gets stronger and stays for the whole season.  If that is so, we might just be able to resign some of the players.  If the team tanks it yes we might get a high draft pick but will have a hell of a time trying to resign anyone without paying top dollar.
sm.mil12@gmail.com::I think holding the top offense to under 100 on their home court is pretty good D.  That's just me though.
basketballsprettycool::I love that are players enjoy playing together...helping each other out, I see a big difference in our defense.
Opragman::Denver is the 2nd highest scoring team in the league and were well rested.   Holding them to less than 100 showed that the Jazz played pretty good defense.
NiteOwlMom::They commit dumb fouls. But I'm seeing great improvement on their rotations, and they must be doing something right. They're only allowing 94 points a game, and it's even lower than that in the month of January.
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::i would love to see jeremy evans take cj miles minutes at the three. i think evans is too skinny to be a power forward. he can shoot a mid range jumper, make free throws, and he's athletic enough to get to the rim. he rebounds and defends. i think he'd be a better version of ak if he got the opportunities.
rbmw263::I like Evans for his energy.  But other than rebounds, put-backs, and dunks, i just dont see much basketball skills (passing, dribbling etc)
jazzfan1073::mid range jumper? have to see it to believe it
jazzfan1073::either hot, cold, or colder!
dirtymormon61::He's either hot or cold.... He needs to make up his mind....
jazzfan1073::I'm all for benching CJ!
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::that's the point! and i'm talking about benching cj miles!
jazzfan1073::I'm sure if he could hit it consistently he would be playing a lot more minutes. But I love Jeremy. The Jazz play great when he's out there!
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::i've seen him hit the big al range jumper. not so much this year cuz he hasn't really been playing, but i remember seeing it last year and it looked pretty smooth
basketballsprettycool::The Jazz will be the last team to fizzle, we have young fresh legs....we are not old like the Lakers, Spurs, Maveriks.
dirtymormon61::That's what I'm talking about. Any team with that kind of a schedule it'll be tough to stay up for that late season push
rbmw263::Except our March schedule is BRUTAL. heavy schedule late in the season might be the death of us
dirtymormon61::The Jazz are always good in Jan.... Late in the season is where it matters. If Corbin can keep them going and not fizzle out by the playoffs then it will be good watching!
Can-I-Get-A-Hot-Tub::Al Jeff+Milsap starting = Competitive, possibly 8th seed  Favors+Kanter getting majority of minutes = Rebuild
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Jefferson isn't an "average" player you dirty mormon. Big AL is well above average. Out of all the Centers in the league...how many of them are better than Big AL?
grrthehulkman140::Imagine if the Jazz had gotten Kevin Love from the T-Wolves instead of Jefferson...
dirtymormon61::Jefferson is an average player... Favors has much more potential then Al, If he can stay out of foul trouble he'll be a great asset down low. Jefferson just doesn't seem to give it  his best every night...
rockandr2::With Jefferson, Millsap and Favors on the floor, Jazz do so good in the paint!! Now we just need a consistent 3-point shooter....
Comeonnn::Completely agree with you.  I do not think a true point guard is the issue.  I like how Harris is playing lately.  He is a pass 1st player who is taking smart shots and driving getting fouled.  We need a lock down 3 shooter if its possible to find.  Now all we need is a idiot for a GM to give one away for free with the expemption money.   Dies Kahn have one?  Not sure anyother GMS wanna give something for nothing
rbmw263::Kyle Lowry
rbmw263::I would trade anybody not named Millsap, or anybody older than 22
rbmw263::Though im sure hes un-tradeable now with how well he has played
jazzfan1073::we would have to give up a lot more to get him
jazzfan1073::Dorrell Wright? Make it happen KOC!
NiteOwlMom::Amen! I hope that Devin Harris can continue to improve. I think we have the shooters, but they just haven't been hitting them.
NiteOwlMom::Interesting fact: Jazz score the same amount of points per game (94.7) as the Lakers! Who would have ever predicted THAT?
basketballsprettycool::And Kobe keeps scoring 40 a night....he will be dead come playoff time....He wishes he had more than Gasol and Bynum...enough said!
NiteOwlMom::Expect to see the Jazz rise in the rankings if they can get a positive differential. Considering they started 1-3, they are one of the hottest teams in the NBA right now. And it's interesting (my opinion) that the Jazz beat Philadelphia, a team with a +15 differential and one of the best in the East.
Opragman::Agree with that.  Took the Jazz some time to find their starters and a rotation but now they seem to have found what clicks for them and should get even better and people will take notice.  Loss to the Lakers at home hurt but they went into overtime and should have won that game in my opinion.
rbmw263::Our point differential must have been very solid in these last 8 games to get us to even.  Thats big, because point diff is a huge indicator.
rbmw263::I cant believe we got our point diff back to 0.  It must have been minus 20 after those first 4 games.
NiteOwlMom::Interesting is an OPINION :)
NiteOwlMom::Did I say I took offense? Nope.
Opragman::No offence- Just giving my opinion just like you
Opragman::Fact-Yes Interesting-No
NiteOwlMom::But the Lakers have KOBE, and two 7-footers with offensive skills!!!
rbmw263::one of the dumbest moves ive seen in a while was Ariza for Artest.  Ariza was a stud and Artest is dumb as a post on the downside of his career.
jazzfan1073::thats all they have really. I guess they have Metta World Peace!
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::so, the jazz have raja bell and cj miles, nuff said
jazzfan1073::me
NiteOwlMom::Interesting fact: Jazz allow 94.7 points per game and score 94.7 points per game. After the Denver win, they are now at ZERO, and I expect their point differential to steadily grow now that they've wiped off all those blowout losses.
sjmcb160::Damn Lakers. Responsible for half of Jazz losses.
basketballsprettycool::The Jazz are getting better every game....They will be better than the Lakers by the end of the season...If they dont pull a Gasol and somehow get Howard!
jazzfan1073::hopefully Howard and Favors will be ready to go Tuesday! Goin to be a hell of a game!
NiteOwlMom::Interesting fact: Jazz record (8-4) same as San Antonio and Miami! Who would have ever predicted THAT??
lilredban268::Don't get mad at Rose, he is just protecting his bitttcchh!
SauceCaptain::I was confident saying the Jazz would be in the playoffs as a 7 or 8 seed before the season, and people told me I was nutz. If how well they're playing is a sign of things to come a 4-5 seed isn't out of the question.
Comeonnn::Rose on ESPN just yesterday called the Jazz pretenders saying they will have a loosing record for this season
jazzfan1073::I predicted it. Go back to the Lakers conversation. 12/27/11
Comeonnn::lol, I am sure you would have to sift through a lot of Bigot type comments and people calling you about anything they could
basketballsprettycool::Milsap, Jefferson, Howard when he gets going, to go along with all this young talent......we are the next Oklahoma City baby! Two or three more years!
basketballsprettycool::I bet Mr D Williams would love to be with the Jazz now with the talent he could be playing with......He is hating this Ntes thing!
Comeonnn::Once the season is over he is headed to his home in Dallas.  Kid is done there and its the big market he always wanted and the owner will spoil him just as he would expect
basketballsprettycool::I agree, Favors needs more minutes!
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Favors has a ton of potential...but is SOOOO RAW on offense. Night and day between he and Paul and Al. Right now Al &amp;Paul&gt;&gt;&gt;Favors. But Favors has a lot of potential. He needs to work for it though! GO JAZZ!!!
basketballsprettycool::I think Corbin is doing his best getting all this talent there minutes...
rbmw263::It wasnt a knock on Corbin at all. Just saying Favors has made a great amount of progress, and Kanter would be putting up very good numbers for a rook if he wasnt behind Big Al
rbmw263::Its crazy we have 4 bigs that are so talented.  Look at Favors Numbers, im convinced he is a 19 and 11 guy given starter minutes. and Kanter would be a 10 pts 12 board guy with 30 plus mins.
Comeonnn::I am liking Harris on our team right now.  When we need the dimes we put in our back up.  Harris spreads the floor and the Jazz are set up to share the ball so no true point is needed.  He lately seems to be more careful on his shot selection and is acting as a pass 1st guard and when he does drive to the rim he is usually on the line shooting freethrows.
basketballsprettycool::Burks is going to be the best guard of this draft down the road.....
rockandr2::when the jazz are on one, they're dangerous!!!! love it! go jazz! :)
BurningBlue32::Think the Jazz use the trade exception from Memo to upgrade at wing at some point this season?
AceyUT::i guess giving up an overrated boozer for a better player for less money is that? haha.  KOC is doing the right moves.. worst decision he has made was matching CJ's deal with okc.  had he pased on that we couldve kept matthews..  imagine the jazz if we had him..  easily a 3 seed.
Comeonnn::no, I heard that it usually goes unused unless you have an idiot for a GM wiling to give up something for nothing like in Jefferson
grrthehulkman140::Imagine if D-Will were to come back right now...
Comeonnn::The max $$ he would want to me seems better used on multiple players.  Not sure he is worth the max $ as a PG needs talent around them to be successful and giving a point a max deal now limits what can be added to support him.
NiteOwlMom::When Hayward is aggressive, we are scary good. Combine that with Milsap and Jefferson guarding the paint, it's gonna be tough to score on the Jazz.
basketballsprettycool::I was just thinking the same thing. Connor is pretty smart, he is thinking about that right now......we need a guard to share this wealth of talent.
rbmw263::We still need a star guard/wing.  Hopefully Burks can get there.
basketballsprettycool::Pretty damn amazing they are meshing this soon....
jazzfan1073::or less
basketballsprettycool::Why are the Jazz so damn good?
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::well it's pretty early and meaningless, but utah is tied for second in the west!
ofaixa::Sure wish the season ended after 12 games and not 66... ;)
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::that's why i said it was "early and meaningless." it's just interesting though
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::you're pretty fuc.king weird friend
scow79::I believe he was saying the Jazz are a cheap franchise even though Forbes has them as actually being more valuable then the Nuggets
Hank Rutherford Hill::so do you want to just put our money together to by them
Hank Rutherford Hill::Ok you can join our group.
jazzfan1073::I'll throw 5 in also
rbmw263::i got 5 on it
sjmcb160::If the Niners and Pats meet in the SB my head will explode. Won't know who to root for :(
Opragman::Niners and Ravens. Love to see the two brother coaches fight it out..........
Hank Rutherford Hill::That would be cool to.
Hank Rutherford Hill::I wanted it to be Pats vs Green Bay. But now I want a Giants-Pats rematch.
sjmcb160::That would have a nice storyline
ofaixa::Niners baby!!!
sjmcb160::Okay ;)
DenverDiehard35::Joke of the night (2):  Nuggets will win this one.---- Me.  I need to remember that no one on the nuggets reads these boards and therefore my confidence will NOT help my team win.
Puhreduh::Jazz on the second game of a back to back and on the road in the mile high city? Wtf Denver...
BurningBlue32::I'm still confused why Denver went small against the Jazz.  Paul started abusing his man, and Denver never really recovered.
DenverDiehard35::thats exactly what im sayin. UT killed us
Hank Rutherford Hill::Everytime I don't watch we lose.
Hank Rutherford Hill::sleeping
DenverDiehard35::why werent u watchin?
Hank Rutherford Hill::Damn GB lost
ofaixa::Go Niners!!!!!!!!!!
TyrekeTheKing13::cali ohhh yaa
jazzfan1073::Niners! Super Bowl Champs!!
caseygreer2::speaking of bandwagon fans......
jazzfan1073::I'm surprised the Jazz won this game. Those refs were brutal tonight!! Every call seemed to go Denvers way
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::at this rate, utah will be buyers at the trade deadline
Hank Rutherford Hill::You are going to buy them?
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::sigh
Hank Rutherford Hill::idk if they are up for sale I might try to buy them.
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::are you serious?
sjmcb160::Joke of the night:  Marlins35DTrain I GOT $3M ON THE GAME TONIGHT! I NEED THE NUGGETS TO COVER -10.5! *!&amp;$!^^!^&amp;!  I really hope it's true.
ofaixa::Denver was favored by 10... Crazy.
Hank Rutherford Hill::That would be one of those things where you are just sitting there with your hands in your face for 20 minutes.
D-SHA2811::bookies dont allow u to bet that much
richthurman68::Hey Denver fans... Why does your team suck along with Tim Tebow? I guess that praying didn't work :(
SauceCaptain::Has anyone ever considered that God doesn't care about sports?
richthurman68::Yes thats why i made that comment genius
D-SHA2811::i surely  do
richthurman68::See we still have a believer even though Tebow lost... Good job DenverDiehard
DenverDiehard35::me too, God is awesome
richthurman68::I do
Hank Rutherford Hill::Hardly anyone here even believes in God
Hank Rutherford Hill::#OccupyESPN
