bandwagoner195::gasol: dats right chris, you let me touch your black bald head.
KrayzieBone22::The Goudelocke went off!!!  Play him more! Play Him more!
JamesSportClerk::Go go back to where you belong sob city fans. the cellar. Thats what happens when you act like you've never won something before  http://sportsclerks.com/2012/01/20/lob-city-fans-we-hear-you-but-its-january/
Muta334::Look at no Clippers fans taking what they deserve when after they won 1 regular season game they bloated like crazy and plenty of Laker fans were there too take it. Lakers are still the better team and I LOVED seeing the fact that the Lakers have more alley oops then the Clippers.
psingone::Blake go jump in your Kia fool before stepping to Ron Artest. You sould be ashamed of yourself son trying to step to a grown man. Talk to Lakers when you steup to driving a grown mans car like a Hyundai.
psingone::CP3 got some ho'ish tendancies.
IBleedGarnetandGold15::It'll be cool to see an LA battle for the Pac division considering it never happens.
rlee7seven::How about Chris Paul acting like a sore loser girl at the end of the game. What was that about? I love CP3, but he was acting like a child.
psingone::Clippers trying to bowe up man please they acting like they aint scared becuase they are and know they are second fiddle. Its like your kid brother thinking cuase he beat up some pimple face 8th grader at school , now you man enough to step to your old man. Please Lakers in playoffs are totally differnt leage than Clippers getting these moral victories during season.  Lakers like DJ Quick always rule LA!
cob1099::clippers got a long way to go to even be on the same level as the lakers. besting the lakers 1 or even 2 years doesn't mean anything clipper fans
sonchopanza::LA is still Laker town and that will NEVER change
megadrewton5000::maybe Kobe really can do it without shaq!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sportsrbust::Do What?
anon62::For me, the only time I would not call Kobe a ball hog is when, and if, he can score 20+ pts off of 7/11-ish FGs 5 Asts, and 9/10-ish FT's 6+-ish rebounds a night consistently. To which won't happen this season. Lakers need him to be a ball hog with all their offensive woes, and we all have to accept the fact that he is one.
-whoa-::so u point out kobes worst shooting games, how bout when he shot 18 for 31, and 15 for 28 for 48 and 42 points and he had other big numbers that i dont remember but those 2 are great efficiency nights, he proved to everyone he can easily put up 40 (4 times in a row) and in order to do that u HAVE TO shoot in the upper 20 attempts, give some credit man, hes still the best in the league at doing what he does,  scoring, AT THE SAME TIME as getting 6 assists, 6 boards a game
Robert18053::Check kobe's season average so far he is shooting close to 50 percent and that's with a bad wrist. Lebron just had a game where he shot like 45 percent and 1/2 his shots are drives to the basket not jumpshots. Kobe is doing extremely well this season hitting above his career shooting average, it's his teammates that need to be more consistent.   Hating kobe just for the sake of that he's kobe while ignoring everything I just said is why people wouldn't take opinions like yours seriously.
anon62::LOL, I'm not trolling, I said 7/11-ish, and it doesn't have to be 11. it can be 7/17 or 7/15 for all I care, I just don't want him to jack up 22+ and only make less than 10. =.=  League average might be 55%, but Kobe is not your average player. I say he could do it, if he just didn't throw the ball too much for bricks.
IBleedGarnetandGold15::7/11 is over 70%. Thats a ridiculous assumption considering the league average is what 55%? Just because Shaq played his life from 7 feet in and had a high FG%.
anon62::He just need to shoot less. That's all. XD 6/23 FG? 5/27 FG? if he attempted 15 shots less, he'd be efficient.
rlee7seven::Are you trolling?
rlee7seven::Kobe is averaging almost 6 boards and 6 dimes a game. You want him to shoot over 60% as a shooting guard? Extremely optimistic and unrealistic. Nice try though.
-whoa-::this is stupid, u want kobe to only shoot 11 times, every superstar in the league gets near 20, or more fg a game, why different for kobe, and u want kobe to shoot over 60 percent from the field every night, no one in the league is shooting that high, not even dwight, for a SG to do that, would be unreal, and u want him to shoot 90 percent freethrows, those are chauncey, nash , and dirk numbers.
psingone::ARE YOU KIDDING ME!!! GAS LEAK IN YOUR BUILDING SIR!
anon62::That's the reason why you can't NOT call Kobe a ball hog. he shoots 23+ attempts and only makes 6-8 of them. Most of his points come off fouls... COZ HE HOLDS ON THE BALL TOO LONG. The only reason for him to have assists in the first place is because he has the ball a lot. The only reason he can score 20+ a game is because he has the ball a lot. Everyone has to accept it, if Kobe couldn't be a ball hog to help LAL win, he won't be the Kobe we know.  And Yes, If you want Kobe to not called a ball hog, he'd have to put numbers guys who are not called ball hogs can put up. Numbers through efficiency, not through sheer amount of attempts.  You don't call Dirk a ball hog, you don't call Billups a ball hog, and you certainly Nash ball hog, simply because they are efficient. The ball comes to their hands for 3 seconds and it's gone, either to an open player or through the net. Not like Kobe, ball comes to him, 5 seconds later, the ball is in the air, and he has to use body english to will the ball in.
-whoa-::kobe always passes i watch every game, kobe was feeding the beasts all game yesterday
timvp007::neither team will do anyting in the playoffs so its all good. GO SPURS
TMAW1234::Spurs who?
cob1099::spurs? hahahahahahahahahaha
-whoa-::both teams have a better chance than the spurs
chunkeymonkey30::AFUCK FACKER FANS
chunkeymonkey30::AFUCK FACKER FANS
chunkeymonkey30::AFUCK FACKER FANS
chunkeymonkey30::AFUCK FACKER FANS
chunkeymonkey30::AFUCK FACKER FANS
chunkeymonkey30::AFUCK FACKER FANS
chunkeymonkey30::AFUCK FACKER FANS
chunkeymonkey30::AFUCK FACKER FANS
chunkeymonkey30::AFUCK FACKER FANS
chunkeymonkey30::$@%! FACKER FANS!
sportsrbust::One question...what was with the chest pounding from artest or rather world peace all night long? He scored a total of 3 points? I'm neither a Lakers or Clippers fan, but..the refs certainly showed favortism towards the Lakers. Oh well...gl to both teams the rest of the way. ;)
rlee7seven::That's the old Ron Artest. And it wasn't just that he scored 3 points. He scored 3 points at a pivotal moment of the game, and came up with a big block and a steal in the fourth.
eightbitme::Goudelock!!!  :-)
eightbitme::He's the answer to the Lakers 3-point shooting, he'll open up the floor, and he's another guy that can create his own shot..  They need to up his minutes to around 20 a game and we'd be straight.  :-)
LASPORTSFAN.............96::I Like The Kid
-whoa-::its funny how people call kobe a shotjacker and a ballhog WHEN HE LEADS ALL SG in the LEAGUE WITH 5.6 assists per game, and is top 20 among all players
anon62::Okay, tell me that he isn't a ball hog while he is shooting 22+ attempts. =.= As long as he keeps jacking up those numbers and not making most of them, he's a ball hog no matter what you say.
-whoa-::stats dont lie top assist man as a SG
twentyanite::he has led the lakers in asst the last 10 years to. if i had the ability to score like he does i would shoot everytime to. mike did and nobody said shyttt. kobe does it and now its a problem.
biggerandbetterthanyou::clipper fans were chanting mvp for d rose earlier this year
biggerandbetterthanyou::#flopcity baby
16BannersInStaplesCenter::When the Lakers are on the road the crowd chants "Beat LA". When the Clippers are on the road nobody cares. They might come to see Blake Griffin dunk, but they don't care about the Clippers enough to chant "Beat LA"
timvp007::lakers are the lakers of last year or years before .. they are in rebuild mode .. they arent winning anything this year or the next couple of years unless they get a superstart from another team for free like the lakers always seem to do.
chunkeymonkey30::i have heard beat la chants for clippers a bunch of times so  so screw you!
jamta09::Kobe wins with the Lakers as option 1A and the critics said he was riding Shaq's coattail and he couldn't win as being the number 1 guy. Shaq gets traded, Phil Jackson leaves along with most of the championship roster and the Lakers struggle in year one.  The critics then say "Told you he couldn't win without Shaq!".  The next two years, he takes a team with Smush Parker and Kwame Brown as starters to the playoffs and lose to the number 1 seed PHX Suns and the critics say, so what you made the playoffs, you could win a title.  The next year, the Lakers start out well with the number 1 record in the West.  Bynum is playing up to his potential and things are looking good.  They then trade for Gasol and the Lakers make it all the way to the Finals.  They lose to Boston in 6 games and the critics say "See, I told you Kobe couldn't lead a team".  The next year the Lakers win it all and the critics say, "Kobe was lucky he played Orlando and not Boston".  The next year LA beats the Celtics in the Finals and the critics say "The only reason LA won was because Perkins was hurt and LA got more FTs."  Now at 33 years old and 16 years in the league, critics say "Kobe isn't as good as Lebron, Wade, Rose, Durant, Howard, or CP3."  Kobe is the only player in NBA history where winning isn't even enough.  While some players are proclaimed 'King' while they are in High School.
twentyanite::say what you want. stats and titles dont lie. kobe has absolutely destroyed the nba for 16 years while winning. easily a top 5 or 6 guy  all time right now, 3 or 4 when its all said and done. its just that simple.
anon62::Eh? really? I'd still rank 4-5 guys higher than Kobe, simply through their body of work. Kobe will just end up with bigger numbers overall after he retires in 2-3 years IMO. Most of it would be because he started earlier, and quit the game later.   In 10 years though, , if they can stay healthy enough, Kobe's accomplishments would be overshadowed by Durant or LBJ.
jbrown2452::Kobe is going to be criticized pretty much for the rest of his career.. Even after he gets elected to the HOF... Sad...
boom.shaka::Meh....kids today don't realize that we called MJ "selfish" too.  Magic Johnson was called a "choker"....AFTER he had already won a championship and Finals MVP.  I never worry about what the bottom feeders (on either side of the debate) think.
jamta09::Once Jordan started winning titles, MJ didn't receive anywhere near the criticism Kobe gets......And Magic was called a choker for THAT series against the Celtics. And they probably called him a choker because he DID choke.
LASPORTSFAN.............96::Well Done
anon62::The problem here isn't Kobe IMO, but the fans who keep worshiping him. XD They get angry from a haters little bash at their pet player, then it spreads like wildfire.
jbrown2452::Ya know... That pretty much sums it up... I applaud the synopsis because it is so very true...
MadddSammyboy::Somebody has a little crush...
boom.shaka::I actually have a lot of respect for Clippers' fans.  I went to a game once at the old Sports Arena where you could literally hear fools heckling the players from the other side of the arena...it was that quiet.  I'll never clown anybody for standing by that team (and it's horrific owner).  It's like admitting you're a Star Trek fan -- even band geeks are gonna clown you, but you don't shy away?  That's what I call "batlh"
JC-Los Angeles::When Chris Paul takes nights off or delivers 4 points, the Clippers are beatable by countless teams. Moe Williams attacks and looks to score each game while Paul often times looks moody and disinterested. Unless Chris Paul is the best Clippers player on the floor, the offense will stagnate and the young frontline looks around for leadership.
anon62::CP3 is coming off an injury. But if you guys really watched the game, he played well enough to force mismatches, which is his signature, IMO, what killed the Clippers last night was the turnovers late in the game, and CP3 had 0 of that.
the Activator::hard to do that.   maybe cp# should learn from Kobe!
anon62::Learn from Kobe and do what... exactly?
BlkMexMamba_CantWeAllJustGetAlong::why do you think he wanted to go to the Lakers soo bad... he wanted to learn .. he cant carry Blake and the Clipps to the Finals.. not for a few yrs at least
Qzhoopin72::If the "ish" ever goes down between the Lakers &amp; Clips....I bet the CLips are glad to have Reggie Evans on their roster now!!
BlkMexMamba_CantWeAllJustGetAlong::Hey Ustna...whats your favorite team?
anon62::Mamba, every season everyone should start of a clean slate, No team out there should deserve anything until the end of the season. You make it sound like everything is predestined to be won by the Lakers. And that's not the right attitude.
jbrown2452::Case and point as to why he hates on LA...
anon62::I'm not ceding to the thought that it was Lakers town once, IT WAS the Lakers town once. the Lakers made Los Angeles... relevant in terms of professional Basketball.
BlkMexMamba_CantWeAllJustGetAlong::But the Lakers do own LA.. And what Clipper fans and Heat Fans dont know.. we put work in as  an Organization to be where we're at today.. not just with our current roster but over time.. We worked hard for those 16 banners and now teams are adding Superstars to make big 8's and sh** that automatically think they are better and derseve recognition..no. Truth is, you dont deserve sh** unless you earn it like we did
jbrown2452::Well you can obviously see how much I care about infuriating a Clips fan.. But, in the name of political correctness.. Please forgive my blunder sir...   But may I point out, Your statement ends with the word anymore. While you make a compelling argument, you may want to complete the thought.. As of right now, sounds like you are ceding to the thought that LA was once Lake Show town in terms of play and winning, and not when the Clips relocated...
anon62::What you just said will also infuriate Clipper fans. IMO, and probably every Clipper fan as well, "LA" does not just equate to LA Lakers anymore. Do it properly and say  he hates the Lakers.  It's about time that the Lakers bandwagon get educated and learn that the Lakers don't own the city. They shouldn't use"LA" to refer to "the Lakers".
ustna::Clippers for over 25 years.
BlkMexMamba_CantWeAllJustGetAlong::They do post on here.. They're Heat fans now.. lol  But true.. We may have uneducated and idiots defending the Lakers, but we are loyal to our team. I am at least.. I have seen the lakers play like pure sh**....then ive seen them be champs.. never not once will i leave this team.
boom.shaka::Teasing Clippers fan is like teasing the kids on the small bus.  Sure, it makes you feel better about yourself, but what have you really accomplished?
LAdude::Well you got to admit that the Laker fans are around no matter how crappy the team may be.  You never heard from the Heat or Clipper fans until they upgraded their teams.  Just look at the Cleveland fans that use to post on here regularly.  You do not hear from them anymore.
BlkMexMamba_CantWeAllJustGetAlong::thats cool..  by callin us lakers fans "uneducated moronic".. is that you being mad you lost last night or you just hate the Lakers, because i do realize some laker fans can be ..idiots.. but thats any team that has fans..
ustna::Go ahead, make a joke... I;m sure I've heard them all before from Laker fans.
jamta09::Why is there so much hate against the Lakers, when obviously the smaller market teams NEED the Lakers.  Look at the comment that Dan Gilbert made when he thought the Lakers were getting CP3.  He was crying about how the Lakers were shaving so much money off their payroll and that they would no longer be in the luxury tax hole....This was upsetting to him because that luxury tax money goes to poorer teams.  So it really seems ungrateful to hate on the Lakers when literally they are the hand that feeds A LOT of teams.
jbrown2452::I have to admit that I've used the 16 championship 5 rings arguments.. I think it's more so because you have those on the other side that will just talk about how much LA is garbage... They act like LA is horrid year in and year out.. Not the case...
jamta09::Yeah, sometimes it is used as more of a defense mechanism......
BlkMexMamba_CantWeAllJustGetAlong::Ive used the Arguement too.. only becasue u have to use stupidity to beat stupidity on here lol
jamta09::But I will say that as a Laker fan, I'm not as impressed with the whole '16 championship' or '5 rings for kobe' arguments......I'm more concerned with today than the past.  And today, we need some tweaks to our roster.
jamta09::All I see is fans defending their team like EVERY other fan does.....The only difference is the Lakers get more hate then most so that leads to a lot of defending.
jbrown2452::Mamba - It's easier for people to be subjective and classify the whole rather than be objective and realize not every one in a group thinks the exact same way...
BlkMexMamba_CantWeAllJustGetAlong::Aka .. He's a racist towards Laker fans... lol
ustna::For me, it's not necessarily the team that i dislike. It's the uneducated moronic fans of theirs that have no idea what the hell they are talking about.
ustna::It's not every Laker fan. Unfortunately for you all, the ones I am talking about are the loudest.
ustna::How much more detail do you want? If it's evidence you seek, scroll down and prepare for the urge to slit your wrists.
BlkMexMamba_CantWeAllJustGetAlong::So your theory is to attack every Laker fan?
LASPORTSFAN.............96::Not EveryBody
jamta09::Please elaborate......
LAdude::Class envy, plain and simple.
ZachC1965::I'm off to my Kobe Bryant fan club meeting, take care all...
ustna::Be careful. Those kids are rabid.
ZachC1965::Typical Kobe night: 7 for 17 from the floor, with 10 totally unwarranted FTs putting him over the 20-point margin...  The guy has somehow built a star rep around 8 for 23 nights...take the special ref treatment away, ol' KB probably wouldn't be in the league any more...
jbrown2452::anon - Yeah Mike Brown coaches a star to play like he does.. Kobe already has it in him to start shooting when he feels like it, and it doesn't help that his teammates haven't really come to play for the good majority of this shortened season.. Last night.. he did what he did in 2010.. but that's cuz Pau finally wanted to play, and that's what Kobe wants..
boom.shaka::Technically, 7-17 (41%) is an atypical night for Kobe (45% for his career)
anon62::Killing is right... and he's doing it both ways. If he just did what he did in 2010, they'd be better. Let the team's performance dictate when he needs to explode. Right now, he just explodes without letting the team work things out. Well, I blame the coaching staff for that though.
jbrown2452::Quite the statement... Not making his teammates better? I can see that about him.. Not that cagey? Disagree... Kobe is crafty in his old age.. I just think people look at his circumstances and say he's overrated because of what he's had around him.. He definitely was in the best situation... But he was still killing in 06/07 when his team was complete garbage... He's killing this year when he's had to carry the scoring load because his team was showing up not looking like they were ready to play. I really think there's no middle ground with him... People either love him or they hate him...
ZachC1965::Kobe's not that cagey. Remember some of the bricks he was tossing in Game 7 of 2010? Shots off the side of the backboard, with two guys on him...  He's never really made his teammates better, like a Bird or a Jordan could do...  Surround Kobe with stars and a great coach, or he fails...see: 34-48...
jamta09::What about Wade the year after they won the championship (or it may have been two years after)?  They were awful!!
ustna::BINGO!
jbrown2452::Meh.. I dunno.. I won't say he'd have rings.. But he'd definitely have a following.. I'd say he's the smartest guy to play the game since Jordan.. and definitely the hardest worker.. That's gotta count for somthing..
ZachC1965::I don't think Kobe's garbage (well maybe as a person) and he does compete hard.   I just think if he'd played for the Bucks the past 17 years, he'd have no rings and no following...
ZachC1965::That they often make more than half of their shots. Kobe does it about twice a year...
jbrown2452::Let's be real fam.. You honestly think Kobe is overrated? Garbage? Has no will to win? Even if you can't stand him as a player you have to respect his game.. I can't stand Lebron.. but the same goes for him..
LASPORTSFAN.............96::U Mad?
BlkMexMamba_CantWeAllJustGetAlong::stopaskin this...plzzzzzzz
anon62::Same goes for LBJ, D.Wade, Melo, and Blake Griffin. so what's the point?
MadddSammyboy::"I'm posting on this discussion board to tell you that people who post on discussion boards are pathetic."  - Lakermagicshowtime, evidently oblivious to the nuances of irony
anon62::I don't think so. Well, I'm not old enough to remember any other one to tell the truth, so, your guess is as good as mine.
ZachC1965::The Spurs were vastly better than LA during the entire past decade. Too bad for them they play in a small TV market...
anon62::Well, I didn't see LA even try getting better. They kept patching holes, here and there.
MadddSammyboy::I personally agree.
anon62::I think most involve Horry I'm afraid.
MadddSammyboy::No joke... has there been another player who's had a more involved history with the two teams that dominated a decade?
jbrown2452::I've never really dug the Spurs.. Gotta give props though.. LA and the Spurs had some classis battles...
jbrown2452::I think it's pretty close... Fish's .4 Sec shot could have went either way.. Doubly sad cuz Timmy D hit a flat out lucky shot right before that..
MadddSammyboy::Yeah, we've had some epics. Sadly (for me), you guys have gotten the better of us overall.
jbrown2452::MadddSammy - I dunno why.. but I thought you actually like the Lakers? Who's your team?
MadddSammyboy::The Spurs are my team, but more generally, I'm just a basketball junkie and an NBA fan.
ZachC1965::Hysterical! Guess these Laker fans never were known for being too sharp...
Lakermagicshowtime::Im out have stuff to do here maddsammyboy have your board back since you bought it what a pathetic life you must have
ZachC1965::Bitter much?
91Gmoney9009::Im only on this board because I have fantasy players from both teams. But what is with Butler this year?
anon62::Oh, I know, he has 2 of them and their both 4 letter words that starts with K and ends with e. and he keeps breaking either one of them over his career.  Bet you can't guess~ ^_^
ZachC1965::Lakers would honestly be about 4-15 without the league desperately trying to get them into the playoffs...  18 more FTs than the Clips last night...
Frank38443::ZachC = epic&nbsp;douche&nbsp;bag
jbrown2452::ZachC - I thought the L was fixed after the 06 Finals.. D Wade is a beast but come on...
ZachC1965::Well the league knows there is growing suspicion over the 2010 finals--so many fans think that was an out and out fix now, especially after the Donaghy disaster...  So I think they shot down the Paul trade to make it seem like they aren't backing the Lakers fully with the refs, etc...
tukulory::Exactly. Just look at the player stats. Hornets would have done much better if they were allowed to make trade with the Lakers. Now their value has plummeted more.
boom.shaka::It's so obvious the league wants the Lakers to win it's not even funny.  Regards, The Chris Paul Trade
ZachC1965::Really? But the league has been giving LA added FTs for years...  See Game 7, 2010 Finals: 20 more FTs than Boston  Game 6, 2002 WCF: 25 FTs in the fourth quarter to make sure Sacramento didn't win...
anon62::Oh, really, and that didn't happen when Spurs beat Detroit? Our dear NBA still kept T'ing up Rasheed Wallace on the finals. or How about MJ's foul on Bryon Russel in his 'good bye' shot?  It's not L.A. it's just the refs with tunnel vision IMO.
anon62::I think that was Reggie Evans and Deandre Jordan's fault mostly. =.= Don't blame it to the league
anon62::Yeah, and the Clippers has more FTA's. go figure. who were you guys saying  the NBA kept giving FT's to again?
boom.shaka::The numbers don't lie: http://espn.go.com/nba/statistics/team/_/stat/offense-per-game/sort/avgFreeThrowsAttempted
Lakermagicshowtime::and then the news that the Lakers are worth almost a billion dollars and Kobe is the highest earner in the league, the jealousy is eating this haters lmao
91Gmoney9009::Toni sounds like a 16 year old kid!
ToniK24::Astute observation.
ustna::Im going to guess that she is 14.
ToniK24::Good one.
ToniK24::So Kobe slightly dropped off and is now really 3rd. Same point really. He's pretty much tied with Durant.
ToniK24::Again, a stupid comparison.
ToniK24::I never mentioned I was signing off... I said twice that I'm done talking to you. What can I say, you're rubbing off on me. I feel like I must post to correct you. I apologize for that if it's bothering you.  Any other questions, comments, or concerns?
MadddSammyboy::"that's how I view it, so you can view it any which way you'd like."  Gosh, mister, thanks!  "I'm done playing this little game. I wish you a good day."  That's about the third time you've signed off. I guess you were only 'pretty much' done playing this game before, huh?
ToniK24::You're welcome.   By the way, that's taking it out of context. I said: "It's what I think. You can think whatever you want." Meaning that's how I view it, so you can view it any which way you'd like. That part is of no relevance to me.  I'm done playing this little game. I wish you a good day.
MadddSammyboy::Well, I need to go pay my taxes for 2011. I'm going to write the check, put it in the envelope, stamp and address the envelope, and put it by the door. Then I'll pretty much have paid my taxes, and I don't need to do anything else.
ToniK24::It means exactly what it says. They are so close, that they are pretty much tied. You're splitting hairs. My favorite type of people.
MadddSammyboy::"You can think whatever you want."  Can I? Thanks a bunch.
MadddSammyboy::"I was going off what I said in this post:"  This whole exchange exists because you stated that Kobe "...really has the 2nd highest PER of anyone in the league...", which is untrue.  "He's pretty much tied with Durant."  What does 'pretty much tied' even mean? He's either tied or he isn't. It's not some ambiguous cryptic answer we can't know- we just look at the numbers. They're either tied or they aren't, and in this case, they aren't.
ToniK24::And believing that a player should have played 75% of the # of games his team played to be considered in a statistical category is logical and makes sense. It's what I think. You can think whatever you want.
ToniK24::I was going off what I said in this post:  ToniK24: (So Kobe slightly dropped off and is now really 3rd. Same point really. He's pretty much tied with Durant.)  Have a good one.
MadddSammyboy::"I don't qualify Manu in that discussion because you should play at least 75% of the # of games your team has played to be in that conversation."  Well, that arbitrary criteria is yours, and I don't accept it. ESPN has Gino listed on the PER leader page; you'll forgive me if I choose to go wih ESPN's take on the matter instead of ToniK24's.  "When I say 'they have pretty much the same PER' doesn't translate to 'they have the same exact PER.'  I'm going to paste a quote from your original post:  "...he's leading the league in scoring and really has the 2nd highest PER of anyone in the league..."  As you can see, you DIDN'T write that '...they have pretty much the same PER'; what you ACTUALLY wrote is that Kobe '...really has the 2nd highest PER...', and you're in error for making that claim. All I did was point out your error. The rest is all you.
ToniK24::I was going off the stats before last night's game. Forgive me for not checking the stats to see that Kobe had actually gone down to third after last night's game. I don't qualify Manu in that discussion because you should play at least 75% of the # of games your team has played to be in that conversation.  You love to harp on obvious mistakes and correct something that doesn't need to be. When I say "they have pretty much the same PER" doesn't translate to "they have the same exact PER." Again, to harp on such a thing says enough about you.
MadddSammyboy::Your ability to conclude that the 4th-highest PER is somehow actually the 2nd-highest PER is equally impressive.
ToniK24::Your ability to break-down a simple subject rivals that of Stu Lance. Congrats.
MadddSammyboy::26.54 and 26.44: two different numbers. If the score last night had been Lakers 96, Clippers 95, we wouldn't say they were pretty much tied, now would we?
ToniK24::Going into last night's game he was 3rd behind Lebron and Manu. Manu has played like 2 games so he doesn't count. Kevin Durant is at 26.54 and Kobe is at 26.44
ToniK24::And by past, I mean previous years and not the past 5 games. I feel like you would go off on another mind-bender if not clarified...
ToniK24::No, you making such a comparison proves exactly how r3tard3d you are. Jesus Christ! You can only go off past performances and that would show you that Manu would not maintain such a high PER. Kobe has played one game less than Boozer. Manu has played 14 less games than Kobe. See why your comparison isn't the best just by that fact?
MadddSammyboy::That's speculation on your part. We don't know what the case would be if Gino player 19 games; what we DO know is that his PER is higher than Kobe's. By your logic, Kobe isn't really the NBA's leading scorer, because he hasn't played in as many games as Carlos Boozer.
ToniK24::Wow, seriously? Yes 26.54 is greater than 26.44. Pad yourself on the back.  Kobe has played 19 games, and Manu has played 5. So are you telling me Manu would average a PER of over 34 if he played 19 games? Or relatively close to that range? No, that would drastically start falling down to the 22-23 range.
MadddSammyboy::If Kevin Durant is at 26.54 and Kobe is at 26.44, that pretty much means that Kevin Durant's PER is higher than Kobe's, unless my number-comprehension skills just suck. Also, Gino played 5 games before getting injured, but that's irrelevent; his PER is still higher than Kobe's. To wit, my original statement: Kobe is 4th in PER, not 2nd.
ZachC1965::And you're not biased or anything, huh Toni?   Sad, Kobe is so washed up it's not even funny...only the most ignorant fans in the league can't see that he scores through massive shot volume and total pampering by the refs...
ToniK24::No where near as biased, better yet ignorant, as you.
ToniK24::I don't know, maybe the fact that he's leading the league in scoring and really has the 2nd highest PER of anyone in the league. And that fact that he's the main reason Staples has sold out every game since its first year in 1999. The Lakers have made a fortune because of him so you can argue he deserves more. You're an idiot as you have proven time and time again.
MadddSammyboy::Kobe Bryant is 4th in PER, not 2nd.
ZachC1965::How does LA vastly overpaying Kobe help you guys..?
boom.shaka::Yeah they do.  The Lakers wouldn't have nearly as many sponsors (or a $2b TV deal) without Kobe Bryant.
ustna::Endorsements help you guys? wow.
Lakermagicshowtime::Moron ever heard of endorsements?
FranciscoKern::Pau Gasol speaks better English than 95% of the players in the USA.
91Gmoney9009::95% of the US
anon62::I want to see the Lakers win some more too, but it's not happening with how Mitch is busting this team up. If he just let a bit of continuity happen via keeping some of last year's staff. What's wrong with having the triangle offense AND Brown's defensive system? His offense he just ported from his Cavs/Spurs days is obviously not working for the much slower Lakers.
el_G::Mitch Kupchak is a genius.  Sincerely, The glaring hole where Lamar Odom used to be
ToniK24::That glaring hole which is producing 5 points a game this season? Odom is not a shooter and he's not the best playmaker. Two things we need the most.
boom.shaka::You mean the hole that was filled by Odom's trade demand?
anon62::His track record also involved getting Kwame Brown, who was obviously not getting better back in 2006? How about him hiring Rudy Tomjanovich? personally I think he doesn't do a good job at all. He just gets lucky on some trades. Who would've thought Shannon Brown was a fit in LA when he was trading  Vlademir Radmanovic for Adam Morrison?
ToniK24::So acquiring Pau doesn't make the "Best Moves That Kupcheck Has Made" list?
boom.shaka::Kupchek's record as GM has been so-so.  They gave up an injured Butler (before he developed) and Chucky Atkins to get him, so it's not like there was a major loss.  Truth be told, the his best moves have been the ones he didn't make -- moving Bynum for Kidd or giving in to Kobe -- he doesn't knee-jerk, and I'll alwlays give props for that.
Lakermagicshowtime::The team is lacking but i think Mitch track record speak for itself he did try to shake things up but stern intervened the Lakers will be fine
ustna::What is his track record? Yeah....that's what I thought.
Lakermagicshowtime::The team is in reload mode thats why i dont worry, "reload" to all the other ringless or one ring teams fans means just before THE NEXT DYNASTY in Lakerdom.  The standard for the Lakers is so high that the haters were bashing the Lakers before 09 because they haven't won in 7 years lmao. that got shot down fast and now its just the calm before the next round of mouths shut
ZachC1965::The Lakers are done, anybody have a fork?  When your best player is a bricklayer who doesn't know when to stop shooting, even the refs can't save you this time...
Lakermagicshowtime::Yea thats why when Pau signed an extension as soon as he could and dont wanna leave, thats why both Howard and Deron have demostrated interest to play with the Lakers. Your just a hater go and play to what new pieces your team needs to keep rebuilding the Lakers always are fine
ustna::Oh okay. BTW, I'm still waiting for you to tell me how the Lakers are going to sign Howard or Williams. Details please.
jdgarcia2004::dont me mad your team sucks.
Lakermagicshowtime::Not to you because you are nobody
ustna::HAHAHA!! Who was that child-like tantrum directed at?
Lakermagicshowtime::Your board troll?you bought it?im talking franchise type players like i said you are just a homer i dont know and i dont care what team you root for but must be a crap team with all the talk about rebuilding  you must be a Bucks fan one thing though i despise the Heat but you dont see me there talking S H I T just to be a hater you been here for a while im here to talk bout MY team and talk trash and exchange opinions with fans of the teams concerned with the game last night between the LAKERS AND CLIPPERS you are here hating even if the LAkers play with the D-fenders everyday all day so if anything you need to get off MY team board you stupid troll your here everyday do you have a job?im off today whats your excuse?
ustna::Please explain in detail as to how it is a "high possibility". Thanks.
Lakermagicshowtime::They are in a short list for a reason and there is a high possibility they land one of them so then what you gonna say?You are just a hater
MadddSammyboy::Oh, okay, so the Lakers chose McRoberts instead of Howard? They just chose Steve Blake instead of Deron Williams, huh? Say, can anyone hazard a guess as to why the Lakers haven't 'chosen' Kevin Durant yet? They must think Luke Walton has more to offer.  Get off my board, you silly, silly homer.
ustna::@Lakermagicshowtime  /SLAP!  Wake up man!
MadddSammyboy::Haha... Howard and Williams both have the Lakers on a list of teams they'd be interested in playing for, so let's stop acting like they just have the Hollywood hills in their eyes, junior. Let's also remember that neither of those guys is actually playing in LA.  "Your just a hater" Ahh, yes... the standard Laker-head response to simple reason. Anyone who writes anything that isn't blind praise of the Lakers must be 'jus' hatin', yo'.  "go and play to what new pieces your team needs to keep rebuilding the Lakers always are fine" This isn't even a sentence.
Lakermagicshowtime::The Lakers CHOOSE  who play for them not the other way around its all about dynasties here.
Lakermagicshowtime::To rebuild thru the draft your team have to suck excuse the Lakers for only missing the playoffs 5 times in 60 plus years.The last time the Lakers rebuild thru the draft they drafted Magic and Worthy. If your team is crap there is the draft if your team is successful year in year out you cant
FrankPistachio211::Bingo!
FrankPistachio211::What's funny, is when EVERY other team besides LA is in rebuilding mode, they rebuild through the DRAFT, while the Laker$ just wait for that next superstar to bail them out.   It's how they've conducted business their entire tenure in the cesspool of LA, and I, for one, find it downright sickening.
bruinfn4life1964::Typical hater! Your argument makes little since. The only teams that rebuild through the draft are teams that are consistently bad and get several lottery pics. Based upon history, I would say the Lakers have been very successful in the way they "conduct business." Need more proof? http://www.chicagotribune.com/sports/sns-rt-us-nba-forbes-teamstre80o291-20120125,0,1524518.story You don't get record tv deals and sold out arenas by relying on lottery pics. Please don't waste our time by mentioning the recent success of teams such as the Clippers and Thunder. The banners hanging from the rafters says it all.
MadddSammyboy::What's even funnier is that Laker-heads constantly brag that everybody wants to play for the Lakers, the Lakers get all the best players, etc. etc., when in reality, the last time a superstar player in his prime signed in LA was in 1996 (Shaq). Where are all these top-shelf free agents who supposedly want to flock to LA?
MadddSammyboy::The real haters weren't  bashing the Lakers because they hadn't won in seven years; we were bashing Laker-heads for acting like their team was all that when they weren't winning year after year.   It's the same reason we bash today; not because your team hasn't done anything, but because your team has won exactly TWO championships in the last ten years. Obviously, two championships is great, but Laker-heads act like their team is the only team that's done anything in the last decade. It's typical Laker-head arrogance.
anon62::Nope, 2 Since '02. "Last ten years" doesn't include '00, '01, and '02. :p
Lakermagicshowtime::2?i think its 4 championships since 2000
cSSk2011::whats funny is all this hate after the lakers won..whats even funnier is half of the haters are heat fans. the funniest thing is that the heat just won against detroit. GTFO
jdgarcia2004::or are you Dan Gilbert?
jdgarcia2004::or is it because of our 16 championships? or the fact that we've been to 7 finals since 2000? or what is it? please tell us so we know why  u hate so much?
jdgarcia2004::Laker haters hate because we always win. Is that right ustna?
Lakermagicshowtime::Its funny because the jealousy its just so overwhelming it sickens me
ustna::Yes. Very jealous. I wish my team had more elderly players.
ustna::How is it the funniest that the Heat won?   Take your time, try breathing through your nose and come up with an answer.
MadddSammyboy::All you Laker-haters need to STEP OFF. Obviously, it's early in the season and the team is still trying to work out its kinks (especially on the offensive end), but the ONLY teams you can make an argument for being better than the Lakers are the Thunder, Spurs, Mavs, Rockets, Warriors, Clippers, Kings, Grizzlies, Bulls, Heat, Knicks, Wizards, Sixers, Cavs, T-Wolves, Blazers, Celtics, Raptors, Nets, Pacers, Hawks, Magic, Bucks, Suns, Hornets, Bobcats, Jazz, and Nuggets.
ustna::What's really funny is watching the "likes" fluctuate. Laker fan is quick to hit "like" after reading the first sentence, finish the post and then "unlike" it. Too damn funny.
anon62::Even the no-offense stand-in-d-middle-defense wizards are better than the Lakers? LMFAO~
ustna::Post of the day.
Jorgejr..::The lakers aint got a chance, says Shaquille O'neil
Lakermagicshowtime::The same Shaq that said that Bynum was better than Howard?
cSSk2011::o'neal*
Jorgejr..::buuuuuuurp...............................................................................................whatever
pepe101245::Lakers win the finals?  I think OKC, Miami, Bulls, Clippers, Dallas, Portland. all have something to say too that LOL.
FrankPistachio211::They've been better W/O Ginobili; once he comes back in the a few weeks, they'll be even more superior to the garbage Laker$.
Lakermagicshowtime::W/O Ginobilli they not
FrankPistachio211::The Spurs are better than the Laker$ as well.
