HeatFollower::How can a SG be so bad at FT's like Rivers?
lakers are overachieving this year::austin river's nightly stat lines is like the computer binary code.  all zeros and ones
Hondo Kid::Memphis just going through a rough patch.  Made a trade to keep their core and not pay luxury tax.  I'm sure they will make the playoffs again.  And when healthy they are tough to beat.  Long way to go people.
cincirox73::Ive been following a bet system called Sportsbettingstar. Ive made around 2-3K a month the past 3 months now following this betting system. You can learn more about the system by searching google for sports betting systems.
okc_gambler::If it really worked, you would not have to promote it this hard
Lugene Parker::Just got off work.  Man what happened!?!?  I was keeping up with it on my phone.  I noticed Conley never came back in when I saw that wroten had played about 12 min with him only playing 4.  I was like omg I hope conley is not hurt dammit!  Low and behold, he's out for the rest of the game.  And we lose it.  It also doesnt help when your leading scorer is continually struggling from the field offensively and the opponent has a player go wild from deep.  Oh well, on to the next one!
TimeWarp.::Aminu did a great job on defense.
TimeWarp.::Just couldn't get his shots to fall. He was open.
Lugene Parker::Why did Vas struggle from the field for you guys.  Was it because of wroten?
TimeWarp.::I ordered me a Pelicans sweater. I'm waiting for it to come in the mail.
TimeWarp.::Pelicans now 14-8 when Gordon plays. He never had a record like that in L.A.
Soul_Sonic_Force_2::Paul Pierce to Memphis
Hondo Kid::New orleans has really found their leader since gordon came back from injury.  Just goes to show how team chemistry and guys health make a big difference.  Good luck to everybody the rest of the way.
2.3.1 Double Play::Is it too early to call Austin Rivers a bust?
TimeWarp.::Yep. He's having a rookie season similar to that of Gary Payton
Hondo Kid::Man there's some real experts on here tonight..  lots of games left to be played this season.  Has any team locked up a playoff spot already?  Damm.
Hondo Kid::Espn.  "Is this the win that propels the lakers to the playoffs."  Wow!  I wonder if espn might use that phrase for teams with 3 wins in a row... and  better record.
lgclugo::cry about it.  People care more about the Lakers.
Hondo Kid::The ;lakers sell no doubt.  To bandwagon people who never played bball and don't even know the rules.   Get it?
Soul_Sonic_Force_2::well looks like Memphis is gonna trade Rudy Gay to the Flint Tropics for the wash machine
Spurs Iz Da Truff2::.
Spurs Iz Da Truff2::.
Spurs Iz Da Truff2::.
Spurs Iz Da Truff2::.
TheBrownestBob::Man, I can't catch a break this week in fantasy.  Howard, Chris Paul, Nikola Pekovic, now Conley.. yuck!
okc_gambler::Memphis Grizzlies won't make the playoffs this season. They are horrible.
okc_gambler::They are bound to lose the rest of their games for making me lose some money tonight
Grindhouse2413::you are an idiotic troll. good luck with your sad life
zrjp9::Geaux Pelicans!
vikings529::memphis SUCKS and SWALLOWS. they are regresing. rudy gay $@%, get rid of his !$@ monday. he is not helping win games. memphis has lost several games against WEAK teams at HOME. its not just rudy %!$, replace him with a proven scorer. then again, memphis, elvis, jazz, basketball, i dont think so
Spurs Iz Da Truff2::Note to Grizz....make you never lose sight of Anderson.
Grindhouse2413::No kidding, dude was on fire and couldnt miss. one short of his career record
Grindhouse2413::And F all the gamblers crying.
Grindhouse2413::Could be worse. We could be Boston.
Grindhouse2413::Ugh. Played like garbage and let them shoot lights out from the 3 point line. I think Mike being out hurt us so much because Bayless should not be the point guard for our offense for several quarters. Rudy played like crap and Hollins was terrible in his rotations. Shake it off Grizzlies. Play hard in Philly. Good win New Orleans.
liton66::Every time I take this sorry A%&amp;$$$ Memphis team they burn me.  Took the alternate over 174 tonight thinking they are scoring pretty good lately.  And they still burnt me, a whopping 15 pt 4th period.  Lost all my money b y being short 1 pt.  Losers!!!
Banhgialon can::why AD not dominant? wtf?
TimeWarp.::WHO DAT say they gonna beat dem Pelicans, WHO DAT!
Broken j::I feel like Mike Vick when I say beat dem Pelicans.
lsutigerguy1::yes because Vick was definitely involved in pelican fights
utclindsay::This is where signing Rudy to a big contract came back to bite the Grizz :(
utclindsay::Rudy needs to go. At this point, he is more harm than help.
PhiliFan05::I'm so proud of my Hornets, we turned around a sputtering franchise in 2 years. Trading CP3 worked out in the end even though I love him. We got a bunch of pieces, new ownership, a new name(sadly IMO), and a solid young roster. Things are looking up for this franchise again.
madnessUNC::i dont understand why people keep asking for the mardi gras colors. hornets colors aren't mardi gras colors, beside the yellow, but if you want to throw in the light blue, sure. believe me they'll have mardi gras colored jereseys when mardi gras time rolls around next year. i think the colors are fitting. they represent the colors of the new orleans flag.
creeddude96@gmail.com::I'm proud too. And I'm very proud to have a name of our own. Things are looking great for us
TimeWarp.::The name has grown on me, but they made a mistake with the colors. It should have been Mardi Gras colors.
ClippersFearWarriors::so i guess the magic played a double header today
Jeremy-Lin17::http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=ape3pr3
Soul_Sonic_Force_2::Didn't  look like Memphis was trying tonight
Broken j::They tried. The grizz just traded away the wrong players.
FirebertJustice::Ummmm Ryan Anderson plays for the Hornets now, nice job ESPN.
Jeremy-Lin17::http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=ape3pr3
utclindsay::Not a bad trade there.
m_gunners::this is one of the many results that clearly shows that the NBA is rigged big time due to bookmakers!!!
WhoDatNation0505::its funny because you are dumb...
dugdaspit::OR you could just pay attention to...you know...basketball. The Pelicans have been playing like this for the last month since Gordon came back.
Broken j::You sound like a sore loser. Give N.O. some credit.
Herkaleez::Lol at the the Grizzlies  -Wayne Ellington
Theonlyhornetsfan::man, what' happened 2 vasquez last 2 games?
AustinBeal::I hope the Hornets make the playoffs, but I wouldn't want my Spurs to play them. They're a brand new team that can compete with the best.
nickb92693::Then again, 8 games out of the 8th seed isn't an impossible hurdle
airic.ad::Wizards in a similar situation.
TimeWarp.::They might be in too deep a hole for a playoff run. But thanks for the compliment.
AustinBeal::Yeah that rough start might be too much to overcome, but they're playing like a playoff team
TimeWarp.::Aminu shut down Gay worse than Chick-fil-A shut down gays. LOL
rc021363::Again, good game, Hornets fans.  Good luck with the season and see you next time.  Well, on to Philly tomorrow, Grizzlies.  Grit N Grind Grizzlies!!
utclindsay::Rudy for sale...someone take him and give the grizz a sharpshooter.. PLEASE
Broken j::No one wants Rudy. Overpaid. If you want garbage in return, go ahead and trade him.
saintswhoaday::It was good talking to yall. Yall be cool....Peace
marinaneon2::I'm proud of my Hornets/Pelicans tonight. We're healthy and winning on the road at Memphis means a lot to the young players. I think we're the best 15-29 team out there right now.
rdegaeta25::You should be.  They're giant killers.  Nobody takes them seriously, apparently.
saintswhoaday::Tough road win against a good team.
pyskatyskurwiel::Jason Smith is garbage and Hornets will never get any momentum. It's about what team want to play them  and what not .
torrtis::Did you really watch the game? That's dumb.
Poor Oregon::Mike Conley would suck if he wasn't in such a good situation in Memphis.
Broken j::True
rc021363::Hollins not letting Leuer and Haddadi in to relieve the big guys will hurt the Grizzlies tomorrow in Philly.  With QPon out, and possibly Conley out, it will be real tough game again for the Grizzlies if Hollins does not learn to play the whole bench.
roy2daboy::Maybe Hollins will eventually be on Pera's sh..it list????
pedrobear1::Him and gay are on the memphis fans sh.it list already
roy2daboy::Grizz went into hibernation mode tonight.  They need to wake up and get themselves in gear.
