Shawn Bento::KD is MVP.  Everybody else, go home.
Clint Czar Jefferson::Yessir
Adam Youman::ok ok calm down its one game but you are right so far he should be leading the MVP race. im interested to see what his PER will be after this game compared to leflop's
Clint Czar Jefferson::Adam Youman One game?Durant has been playing at a high level all season long.
Abram Smith::As a true warriors fan, I consider Durant's performance an actual treat. Thanks for the good basketball.
Dan Kast::Thats exactly what I thought when Curry went for 54 when I went to the Knicks game last year.
Gabriel Santiago::Sole man go eat a dick
Adrian Kosteleski::durant is simply the best player in the nba right now
Gino Foggia::He has been for last 3 years, he doesn't need any MVP's  given out by bunch of bloggers!
Daniel Beteck::Best Scorer and best player are two different things. BTW he's lost 6 straight to the other guy u think he's better than. just sayin
Adrian Kosteleski::Daniel Beteck i wasnt aware they played 1 on 1
Justin Jenkins::Durant went Kobe mode.
Dishant Patel::he took 20 less shots to get 54 points. So plz dont compare them.
Isaiyas F. Marroquin::Haha I have to agree gotta give KD credit where its due. Kinda sad people forget how good Kobe put those numbers back then in his prime when he  went 62 points in 3 quarters against the whole Mavs team with 61 points who went to the finals that year.
Justin Jenkins::Dishant Patel Shows how ignorant you are.  When Kobe dropped 62 points in 3 quarters he was 18-31 vs the Mavs. Kobe also dropped 55 points on 15-29 shots vs Jordan and the Wizards in 2003.
Will Schmitz::Breaking news: Russell Westbrook is likely to play before February. He could even be ready to play on the 27th (of January) when the Thunder take a break from their road and take on Atlanta at home.
Jordan Newton:::'D God I hope so!
Josh Towne::And where did u get this information? I'd love for it to be true
Jordan Newton::Josh Towne Source: http://newsok.com/berry-tramel-russell-westbrook-might-be-back-next-week/article/3924329
Gino Foggia::WOW Durant is a beast he is this years MVP hands down no one comes close, not even Lebron could put up 35 against GSW!
Steven Rivera::All KD can do is score, only 4 Reb?
Mickey Hughes::Same guy that said GS was taking this gm in fourth easy!
Joshua McLain::Steven Rivera He's averaging 30-8-5 for the season with a a PER of 29.57. I'd say that's pretty well rounded.
Rick Sandlin::The man is a class act, he is my favorite player to watch, LEBRON GO GET HIT BY A DINOSAUR, LMAO I FORGOT HE HAS ONE ON THE TEAM>>>>>> CLOSET BOY
Rick Sandlin::Lebron is going to go jump on the ROCKETS......NEXT
Ben Black::That means he already switched bandwagon
Jonathan E. Collins::He now averages 30.0, 8.0, and 5.0...he is earning the MVP and deserves it!!
Alladin Jafar::Kobe scored over 40 for 9 consecutive games. Averaged 40 for the month 5 times!
Craig Keller::and Bill Russel won so many titles in a row, what does that have to do with NBA now? Kobe is washed up by any standards!
Martin Thomas::If I played basketball back in the 50's & 60's...I would be in the basketball hall of fame too!  No talent back then.  Exception, Bill Russell and Oscar Robertson, Jerry West.
Kevin Buchanan::54? That's it? 81 says hello  ~Kobe Bryant~
Sloto Mania::KD probably could of if he wanted to.
Tim Gourley::Why are we subjected to these scrubs when NBA's two best teams are playing in San Antonio?  ESPN get your act in gear!  JESUS!
Tim Gourley::And of those two, the Blazers are clearly the superior.  Younger, more talented, and more focused.  Out with the old, in with the new.
Ayn Bland::Such an exciting game that you took time away from it to comment here?
Tim Gourley::Ayn Bland Why, yes, Ayn, I did, as did you!
Jeffrey Nicholas::So... what are the odds the Thunder only score 19 points in the second half?
ThunderHeads Page::127 to 1 lol
Ismar Sarajlic::lebron still better overall as a player, but durant has a better season this year and if things at end of the season are like they stand now, durant is completely deserving mvp
Patrick Oliver::This had the makings of an excellent basketball till the refs had to get involved. Absolutely brutal calls both ways. Just awfulness
Kemala Martin::Yup, let them play
Clint Czar Jefferson::By now I'm use to the refs interfering with the game (smh)
Tomas Bono::47 points off 23 shots? Jordanesque if you ask me...
Clint Czar Jefferson::Yep,Durant is the most efficient scorer in the league.
Tomas Bono::Well, I'd still say lebron.... 26 ppg with 60 percent fg? That's efficient. More so than kid clutch.
Shawn Bento::Tomas Bono, when KD is playing 50-40-90 ball, he's the most efficient.
Nick Cruz::warriors 2014 nba champions guaranteed
Naj Metalsmyname::man stop drinking beer! you're drunk again!
Avner Kreps::Shame that Durant's unbelievable performance took the shine off of another amazing Stephen Curry game. He got 37 points on 18 shots... that's more points per shot than Durant had. He also had 11 assists and 3 steals. Amazing game by Durant, but Stephen Curry just about singlehandedly kept the Warriors in the game.
Alladin Jafar::His game was equally impressive, Just no "w"
Craig Keller::what is season record for turnovers? Curry must be in the running!
Karl Lilian K::Kd is really great this year, he's putting up good numbers and he's the MVP thus far But the Lebron is still the best player in the world. No matter what KD has been doing for the past months Lebron still remains cool. Lebron is not playing for MVP but could still win it in the end.
Clint Czar Jefferson::Blazers fans are funny.The Blazers haven't been relevant in the NBA in LONG time and now all of a sudden they are threats to go deep in the playoffs lol I'll believe it when I see it lol
Meron Foto::Why are you talking about Blazers here though??   FYI--- Who gives a F about being relevant?? Us fans still support this team no matter what unlike other bandwagon fan base like Miami.
Robbie Davison::Because there's some hippie portland fan in Here talking about the irrelevant blazers.
Meron Foto::Robbie Davison Oh?? Those irrelevant Blazers whooped Thunders twice already. #3 is coming soon!!!
Omar Mir::I can't even be mad at my Dubs...this is like one of the old games three years ago before we were any kind of competitive...back to the drawing board...*sigh*
Patrick Oliver::Refs couldn't have a Nationally Televised game get out of hand so they had to step in. Got the Warriors in the bonus with 9:30 left in the quarter lol
Omar Mir::?? I mean we got beat by OKC no question but really? You did see them go hack a Bogut right?
Patrick Oliver::Omar Mir They had 4 team fouls at the 10 minute mark. Only one of those fouls was Bogut. 7 team fouls at the 8 minute mark. Only 2 of those were Bogut. The whole 2nd quarter was a nonstop ticky tack foul affair for both teams and it was ruining a perfectly good game.
Omar Mir::Patrick Oliver Well if your point was ticky tack fouls both ways then yea I agree, but the Dubs certainly weren't favored or kept in the game by any of the calls anymore than OKC was.
Felix Phillip Barcellos::54 thats it, bahahaha, in a league where no one plays D. I could score half that. When will the NBA just go away?
Tim Gourley::Blazers dominate Spurs in SA despite atrocious home cookin' referees.  Be afraid, be VERY afraid!  Who's next???  OKC!!!
Tim Gourley::I expect Blazers to breeze through this road trip (SA, OKC, Houston, Dallas) undefeated.
Clint Czar Jefferson::Tim Gourley The regular season means nothing!Just saying!
Tim Gourley::Clint Czar Jefferson It means a guaranteed pass into the 2nd round...and a launching pad for an inexperienced playoff team (Blazers) to go deep into the playoffs.
George Al-Amir::over-reaction much, stephen curries performance was more impressive.
David Aliamus::So at this point in the game, the Warriors see shooting 3's better than free throws.  Gotta love that Bogut!  HA!  7' of SOFT!
Wayne Polk::Bogut is far from soft.
David Aliamus::Not really.
Wayne Polk::Yea really.
