Jonathan Spooner::If this were the Heat at 16-1 right now, espn would be fapping like crazy, and talking about beating the Bulls 72 win season record. No love for the blue collar work horse TEAM that is the Indiana Pacers. It's all good though, keep on rollin blue n gold. #pacernation
Aaron Hamilton::As a bulls fan that remembers that epic season you are SOOO correct sir. And right now Paul George really is the MVP!
Al Sotowitz::Heat in 5.
Patrick Bolner::Heat are not winning in Indy twice lol. You should actually watch them play sometime.
Jeremiah Jones Sr.::The pacers  and colts won today  In my Ice Cube voice : Today was a good day
Aaron Lampkin::Paul George for MVP
Adam Staples::The people crediting the Pacers start entirely due to their schedule are killing me. That is why we track point differential people! The Pacers are outscoring those bad teams by a league high 11.5 points a game. This shows that they are beating those bad teams the exact way a really good team should beat bad teams. They are absolutely legit. Will they win every game on this trip...of course not, but neither would any other team in the league. As long as Roy Hibbert is on the floor teams WILL STRUGGLE to score in the paint and that puts the Pacers at distinct advantage. Throw in PG24 as another 1st team defender and the Pacers never have to double team anyone. HUGE advantage.
Jorge Bouza::27 in a row, no matter who or where. First team to a hundred today, wins the game.
Patrick Bolner::Clippers aren't scoring 100.
Patrick Bolner::I stand corrected
Derrick Berry::Honestly, everyone talking about the record, knows that Indiana is built to beat any team in the Nba. There defense is the key, and having the Big man who can do everything, shoot free throws, dunk, rebound, athletic, hook shot, block shots. This is what makes Indiana hard to beat. When the game gets tight, Indiana got the personel to get the job done.
Gabe Newell::Indeed. I mean, I'm rooting for the Clips but the Pacers have a monster team this year.
Zack Schooler::I think some people just get really bored, also the season is so long so you have to talk about something. Does irritate me as well.
Mike Williams::They got length.  That tires teams out.
Daymeon Craig::16-1 where the haters at??
Alan Ogg::Phil Stamm where were you guys when wthe heat won 27 straight? crying?? haha
Andrew Heitz::Alan Ogg just wondering during that time what the definition of "flop" means to the commissioner.  obviously not what the rest of us think.
Nick Stevenson::Alan Ogg remember that streak?  do you remember who their last loss was going into that streak....ya the Pacers.
Rasheen Ciroxas Jones::not gonna lie, im legitimately scared of the Pacers
Mark Randy Myers::Alex Doub no ones afraid of the Heat right now
Rasheen Ciroxas Jones::Alex Doub ima heat fan and im a lil scared still
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::Paul george is the man!
Alexander Banks::Does any other Pacers fan find it hilarious that Alan Ogg spent three hours trying to convince us the Pacers are irrelevant?  Let me say that again:   He spent THREE HOURS on the PACERS' message board trying to tell us that the Pacers are insignificant!  Love being hated, Pacers fans; it's the difference between those that do and those that don't matter.   Remember, the opposite of love is apathy or indifference, not (three hours of) hate.
Jonah Swidan::I mean look at the dude, you know he has mental issues trolling the way he does.  Life long loser trying to convince himself he is a winner by putting others down.   Low self esteem he has there.
Josh Neal::Griffin locking Hibbert's arm and pulling him back. NO CALL. Why am I not surprised?
Tony Cunningham::Don't start whining. Jordan and griffin got pushed out of the way all night. Numerous fouls and got nothing. Don't be a baby
Fritz Helio Hieb::West/Hibbert play physical.  Griffin plays like a p**sy, there's a difference.  Those two got pushed out of they way because they are a couple of rag dolls down there, and everybody in the league knows it.
Josh Neal::Tony Cunningham lol k
Jonah Swidan::Start of a very tough road trip!  GO PACERS!!
Justin Taslak::I wonder if Vogel has told Stephenson to stop trying to be fancy with everything he does, he's starting to turn the ball over like crazy and is just forcing it.
Nick Loewenstein::Paul George for MVP.
Scott Hall::16-1. Next
Steve Perkins::Every Heat fan...PG sucks.  Hibbert sucks.  The Pacers haven't played anyone.  16-1 means nothing.  Home court advantage means nothing.  10+ winning margin means nothing.  Clippers suck.  Regular season means nothing.  We smoked you in seven games last year.  Pacers will lose 30 games.  Wait until the playoffs.  Heat will sweep the Pacers.  Losing to Boston, Brooklyn Philly, and maybe Charlotte means nothing.  And yet they are here with the same bunch of illiterate excuses after every single game.  Their insecurity is absolutely hilarious.
Pete Beamer::Where is the sarcasm button?
Alan Ogg::sounds like someones scared of the HEAT.
Steve Perkins::Alan Ogg Unbelievably unafraid of the Heat.
Scott Hall::Top Heat fan quote  "I have been a LeBron fan since his days in college"
Zak Klinedinst::I cannot believe this didn't make national broadcast, so much horseshit
Zack Schooler::Well they would have to compete with the NFL. Which isn't a situation they would win most of the time, though my attention would be completely on this one. Starting after Christmas these games will start to get national telecast
Zak Klinedinst::True, just irritates me, seems all I ever see is the Heat, Knicks and OKC getting national airtime...the Knicks...
Zack Schooler::Same here. Eh, hopefully things continue to change next season
Tim Loveable Wells::Pacers are just too solid in every aspect. Best team in league by far.
Kevin Fernandez::By far? Stop reaching bruh.
Sudarsan Chandrasekhar::Kevin Fernandez Better than the Heat.
Corey Pyle::Kevin Fernandez You're right. It's close with tthe Spurs and OKC
Andrew Heitz::Just wondering why this game isn't on national tv.  scheduling idiots strike again.
Zack Schooler::I would assume they didn't want to compete with the NFL today.
Don Scott::As a Pacer fan, I will be ecstatic if they go 3-2 on this road trip.
Igor Yank::so far so good
Ray Waterman::Pacers just keep on winning. Outstanding!!
Greg G. Munarb::One thing I am not sure of: What the Pacers will achieve in the playoffs (I don't have a time machine). One thing I AM sure of: The troll fans of other teams are concerned about the Pacers (or else they wouldn't be trolling the Pacers). Go Blue and Gold.
Jonah Swidan::Look at all these Heat fans scared of the Pacers!   If you troll a team, YOU ARE SCARED OF THEM!!  No two ways about it!!
David McKenzie::Wasn't even our best game and took it to a top 4 west team--1-0 on this trip--going to go 3-2--as I believe parcells said--you are what your record says you are---16-1 best in the gm
Angel Payano::Why wasnt it your best game? Cuz u only beat the clippers by 5. Seems like they had a fine game. Like I said before. Not a heat fan but im just waiting for the playoffs for them to knock the pacers out
Antonia May::Angel Payano Well go away and come back in a few months!! XD
Mark Randy Myers::Angel Payano Heat are not as good as they were last year and Pacers are better than they were last year and you barely won.
Lindsay Crampton::Only 2nd team to score 100+ on us..best team in the league, defense wins! Go Pacers
