Jean Bozeman::this lakers squad really sucks anybody can just shoot the dam ball . know kind of structure at all dumb coaching don't know how to rotate the players its really sad to watch sometimes bring in a coach that can coach these guys they look like a bunch of D league players.
Tyrone Flowers::They basically ARE a bunch of D league players at this point
Jeff Brown::Wouldn't be surprised at all if Jazz won this one. Lakers are terrible.
Virginia Pagan-Sanchez::Yupp they are
Alex Manzo::Don't bet on it.
Ace Daloc::The lakers are better then most teams on the east
Joe Bennington::C'mon jazz woohoo!
Dwight Richardson::The teams losses are not the players fault it is the coaching.  I've been a Laker's fan since 1980 and  this has to be the worst coaching by far.  I know this team does not have all stars but this team seems to have good cohesion.  This was a winnable game with 3 consecutive losses.
John Anhalt::Worse than Brown? Dantoni sucks, but Brown was worse by a large margin.
Jon Zimmer::Are you people high Dantoni is no prize but he has definitely maximized the results with the talent he has been given.  This isn't the euro league, its the NBA  expecting anymore from this team then what you have is asinine.
Matt Bush::not sayin hes the best but, d'antoni was not given much to work with.  hell, robert sacre gets quality minutes
Dwight Richardson::If I were Kaman I would ask for a trade.   There are teams out there with play off expectations that could use his services.
Joshua Ward::Can anybody explain dantoni's thought process in the last minute? Dantoni has lost at least 10 games with horrible substitutions. We have enough talent to win games. Just not with dantoni. Who on earth thinks sacre is better than kaman?!?!
Keithan Jones::Dantoni is under the impression he's being "unpredictable".
Gino Foggia::I can;t wait for lil' sis Buss along with her dynamic husband to take over this team, along with firing the GM who will not be named.. Then you will see geniuses at work.. Trading for Klove no matter who's running the show should happen this year we have plenty great young players
Corey Sharer::i do not think kupcheck should be fired at all.
Mark Mattson::before burke became a starter, the jazz were 1-14.  since he became a full-time starter they are 8-9 including wins over houston, phoenix, and denver.  his impact has been absolutely huge on his team.  ROY hands down right now.
Jordan Bowser::agreed. dude is proving he is one of the best if not the best rookie of this weak draft class. could be a potential all star.
Darryl Hoytt::Lakers played hard just came up short Jazz did well down the stretch. If the Lakers had Blake back it would have made a difference
Tyrone Flowers::Hoping for Blake lets you know where we stand (BTW, Farmar balled out)
Tyrone Flowers::We didn't need Kobe on that last possession at all
Tyrone Flowers::Mickey Hughes, how sorry do we have to get for you to come back to reality?
Tyrone Flowers::We just lost to Utah. UTAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
Matt Bush::Sekou Garrett just last season with kobe, they lost 4 in a row 2 times and even 6 in a row once
Tyrone Flowers::We are so much better without Kobe
Tyrone Flowers::I don't, but the haters do
Tyrone Flowers::Struggling with a bottom feeder without Kobe. What's your point?
Tyrone Flowers::We didn't need Kobe on that last possession at all
Yoram Farokhzadeh::LAKERS WIN TONIGHT
Max Copley::I remember all the griping and grief everyone was putting forth on LA radio and TV about the predictions the Lakers would be ranked 12th in the west. Kope even tweeted "12..12??"   Now sadly that prediction looks optimistic as the Lake show is currently 12th and descending.   I hope that the bleeding stops and the winning begins but this team seems to lack a toughness that is critical to winning in this league
Tyrone Flowers::They are also lacking the aforementioned Kobe (and Pau tonight). How tough can you be when everybody is hurt?
Tyrone Flowers::Mel Wallace, haven't you heard? Post ups are the lowest percentage play in the game.
Eboni Clay::Why are the lakers interested in luol deng? Gordon haywood is a better fit at sf for the lakers. He hits free agency this offseaon
Matt Mcguckin::Restricted Free agency just to let you know.
Dana Rock::You can have Hayward. The Jazz won't need him when they get Wiggins or Parker.
Eboni Clay::Yea but jazz tried to resign him before the deadline in oct, they couldnt reach an agreement. So theres a chance we can snag him with the right offer sheet. Lakers already have a top 15 draft pick in the offseason and this year draft is stacked so the talent doesnt stop after wiggins and parker
Local Living Av::Dumbtoni needs to stop thinking the 3 point shot is the answer to all their problems
Keithan Jones::Well coach has the team he wanted. No Kobe or Gasol.  Now all he needs is Nash and we can beat anybody :)
Jeff Dorst::It seems as though Antoni's rotation is Lottery pick based.
Keithan Jones::Hey a least they're smiling without Kobe around. Oh wait...
Tony Stewart::the next few games should be easy wins for the lakers
Jesse Hiatt::Funny, I say the same thing for the Jazz. The Lakers should be an easy win.
Matt Bush::unfortunately, there are no such things as easy wins for the lakers nowadays
Fjodor Balla::Right now Lakers are the worst team in the west.Nick Young is leading all scorers...do I need to say more? Kaman was their best player last night.The same Kaman who lost his starting job in Dallas to a 27 yrs old second-round rookie who was a former staff sergeant in Afghanistan! Do I need to say more?
Josh Jordan::The same Kaman who got hurt last night. I knew he was trouble when he came to Dallas last year
Corey Sharer::For this game i will say could be close if both teams play good basketball i am leaning on the lakers to win this won either by 2 or 7 because the coach will probably just let the same players play the whole 3rd quarter to beginning of the 4th and wear them out and put one person in. i am looking forward to a great game and if the lottery swings for the jazz to get first they will get a good look at the young players in the draft this year, thats not trash talking i am really hoping you get number one and see who be a great match up with favors like a shaq-kobe duo.
John Dominguez::For this game i will say could be close if both teams play good basketball i am leaning on the lakers to win this won either by 2 or 7 because the coach will probably just let the same players play the whole 3rd quarter to beginning of the 4th and wear them out and put one person in. i am looking forward to a great game and if the lottery swings for the jazz to get first they will get a good look at the young players in the draft this year, thats not trash talking i am really hoping you get number one and see who be a great match up with favors like a shaq-kobe duo.
Matt Bush::John Dominguez and Corey Sharer, what?
Gino Foggia::It's really really tough to watch the Jazz now a day's without Jerry Sloan those 90's Jazz teams would beat 99% of the teams that play now adays except for maybe the Pacers and Thunder.. NO doubt the Heat would get punished by the hard nose style of 90's Jazz play, Lebron would be lucky to get into the paint lol
John M Mcaluney Jr::Lakers' fan is real happy they have a chance tonight. Look for Swaggy P or some other no name player to score big.  ESPN writers are trying hard to understand that Kobe is injured and not playing.
Steven Anacker::"Tony Stewart ·  Top Commenter · Arizona State University i guarantee you jazz fans that jazz will lose"
Romeo James::My Lakers freaking suck nash please retire  D’Toni please get fired J. Buss get sick and pass the torch Kobe ask Nutty Professor Buddy Love for some fountain of youth.
Tyrone Flowers::I agree with everything except wishing illness upon a man
