Romeo James::Kemba should be an all star hands down
Steve Carman::Am i the only one who thinks ramon sessions should be in D league? he is so terrible!
Jeremy Ferrell::not even d league
Steve Carman::oh middleton.. you needa  3 son.. not a 2.
Josh Chai::What a joke!!!!
Michael Gallemore::It's gonna be petty funny to see all the pundits and ESPN hacks try to jump back on the Jordan bandwagon.
Romeo James::Bobcats make playoffs this year Jordan is starting to put it together
Robert B. Yost II::Great to see the effort every game from the Cats keep trending.
Jeeves Sritharan::gotta hit that shot kemba
Ray Khan::is Henson going to play?
Joshua Reaves::I'm wondering the same thing. I have him starting in my fantasy line up
Maggie Page::lets go bobcats woooo
Ray Khan::Henson is playing
Sheldon McPherson::Another close one for the Bucks.  Giannis' efficiency with the ball in his possession is looking pretty good.
Liam Sibson::B. Knight  26 Pts, 8 Reb, 14 Ast K. Walker 25 Pts, 9 Reb, 10 Ast  Nice game, battle of the guards. Almost TDs for both.
Yuto Hayasaka::Kemba Walker taking over in the clutch. Quite entertaining for a Least Coast game.
Yuto Hayasaka::Yes they did my friend.
Justin Burwell::Bucks get them a top 3 draft pick, they are going to have a nice little squad.
Damien Bassilious::LOL bucks
Adam Youman::LOL the bucks didnt even try a 3 its pretty clear they are tanking
Steve Carman::they did hit a 3 to force overtime? maybe middleton is just a retard?
Rene Covarrubias::i need milwaukee to pull this one off, come on milwaukee!!
Steve Carman::lol so much for bobcat's (DEFENSE) lol what a joke!
Michael Glankler::3rd in the league, the Panthers are the 2nd best D, no opponents score here in Charlotte it's just what we do.
Jake Gibbs::Brandon Knight having another big game. Good to see.
Steve Carman::I still watch that DJ dunk over him once a week.. the poor fella!
Steve Carman::oh god.. sessions is on the court... here is where we see misses and turnovers for this D league bench player. He brings absolutely nothing to the team.. I can't believe lakers thought at one stage he was the answer to their PG position... this guy is utter joke!
Marvin Fernandez::lets see if Milwaukee can keep up shooting over 50% and winning the glass battle all game.
Damien Bassilious::WOW kEMBA WALKER GREAT GAME HAHAHAHHA
Mark Moran::95-85 charlotte wins this game
Mark Moran::milwake with 35 i bet you they dont top 85 for game
Marcleen Bavogui::talking smack already when they`re leading the bobcats
Jake Gibbs::Gotta love Middleton shooting the ball.
Josh Chai::Middleton for 2 and the loss, and it's good,Bucks lose bucks lose!
Jake Gibbs::Josh Chai Still, you gotta LOVE how well Middleton has shooting the ball.  Middleton is one of the best shooting bigs in the game.
JD Scott::Jake Gibbs As a Pistons fan, I didn't like that he was a throw-in on that trade.  Wish it had been Jerebko instead.
