Steve Broome::Cousins is clearly the best center in the league now.
Figaro Tsai::Harden always missed key shots in many games. His poor defense also endangers the whole team. He is not qualified for all-star player. Rockets should consider trading him. He is certain to be overrated.
Alphonso Darnelle Polk::U my friend are an idiot he is best 2 guard in NBA........................................before they let peeps post they should have played basketball somewhere my goodness trade Harden but u suck Lin's nuts ok right
Quintus Greene::Alphonso Darnelle Polk Nowhere near it. 2 turnovers in the last minute and made Thornton look like a star in the first half. This dude isn't half the player DWade is. TODAY!
William Hendricks::Alphonso Darnelle Polk LOL best 2 guard in the NBA. He's barely even the best 2 guard in his own conference and he thinks defense is something you buy at the Home Depot.
Quintus Greene::And 2 hero turnovers to end the game. Harden has no freaking idea what's important: Ball-hogging for points or sharing for the win.
Karl Heu::I agree....he was really good but you have to share sometimes
Francis  Leung::That is the problem of McHale. Huston has become very predictable every time down the wire when the score becomes close - do or die Harden.
Karl Heu::This team could be great, but coach has to tell Harden to stop the Hero ISO ball.....Not working
Carl D Hill::Demarcus, top 3 center....
Victor Aguilera::Jimmer baby!!!
Jason Adame::Jimmer is terrible.
Chad Wiggins::Jason Adame close that trap..
Eric Muma::Lol, because he is such a great defender and ball handler.
Quintus Greene::Watch the recap. Beginning = Harden lost on defense, caught watching the ball and gets posterized. Ending = Harden playing hero ball and turning it over. That's pretty much the story of the first and second halves. Disappointing game.
Bruce S Hirsch::exactly
Ernest Bagdasaryan::What a great way for kings to end the year. Beat miami, almost beat the spurs, and ended the year with a win at home vs the rockets.  Thomas, Cousins, and rudy gay have become the 3 players to build around.
Jason Adame::Get rid of Jimmer and trade for the likes of Terrence Ross.
Karl Heu::Harden's Hero Ball is killing the team right now.....Pass sometimes homie
Keith Dennis::Kings win.. again.   And DMC owns Howard... again.   Happy New Year pretenders!
Master Yodà::I wouldn't call them pretenders but I can't deny that Cousins is doing some fantastic work this year. Another good win!!! :)
Derek Pitetti::What some people don't realize is the kings are starting to turn to a good team. Yes the defense needs to be worked on but that is really almost the last key to the puzzle look what they have done they ha e either taken the best teams to the wire or beat them its been mostly close games this year
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Demarcus Cousins has been on a mission this season. December stats in 14 games are... 24.3 ppg, 12 rpg, 3.7 asts, 1.9 steals, .8 block, while shooting 52 percent, all in 32 mins per game.  Is that enough to call him the best big man in the nba ?
Mark Sugimoto::Boogie is showing why he is better than Dwight Howard.
Quintus Greene::Wow. Harden is actually a liability guarding ... Thornton?
Leland Wong::You are right, Thorton is 6-8 right now. All JH thinks about is shoot and no D.
Cam Lau::Hero ball sucks.
Karl Heu::Sick of the Harden HERO BALL ......Makes this offense suck.....Everyone watches Harden shoot.....If he makes it you win.....If he misses you lose
Leland Wong::The bottom line is McHale allows him to do that, Sampson and McHale are high on PB and JH for some reason and treats the other talented Rox as the supporting cast.
Derek Pitetti::Demarcus cousin's has proved he can play against the elite centers tonight. Great win for Sacramento
Bruce S Hirsch::harmelo....ugly and selfish way to play
Karl Heu::Lin shutting down Isiah Thomas...he's 2 for 10
Alphonso Darnelle Polk::u must be ralted to Lin u always gassing him up.the guy is not worth 8 million period and has so many turnovers
Alphonso Darnelle Polk::related to him he is str8 garbage
William Hendricks::Alphonso Darnelle Polk Howard and Harden both have more TOs than Lin.  What does that make them? LOL.
Keith Dennis::The best part of this matchup is watching DMC put on a show while Dwight Howard gets worked.    Imagine if Howard had the basketball skills Cousins does?   Well he doesn't and never will.. heh
Daniel Bachrach::Imagine how good Cousins could be if he was an adult and stopped whining at the refs. He has hall of fame potential no doubt, but to take that next step he has to man-up and get back on D when it doesn't go his way offensively. The Kings should be much better than they are, but he doesn't dominate consistently down low. He takes way too many plays off. You don't see Dwight take plays off, but you are right in that Cousins offensive skills are far superior to howards. Doesn't matter..tis a team game.
Donna Schott::Daniel Bachrach, I guess you haven't seen to many Kings games this year? Against the Heat they we're trying to bait him with very hard fouls and Cousins did not fall for it. It's a process and he is starting to mature. This year if you look at Cousins stats verses Howard's stats and I would say it's Howard that is taking plays off, Cousins stats are extremely good. You have to remember like you said it's a "team game" and Howard has a better surrounding cast than Cousins. Cousins will never be the defensive player that Howard is and Howard's offense will never be as good as Cousins.
Daniel Bachrach::Donna Schott Actually Donna, I watch EVERY NBA game..not just highlights. no joke (league pass is amazing for that reason). As to the Miami game, you are right on that he didn't react in terms of fouling Miami back or getting a tech. It obviously affected him though, and the NBA world knows it. He can't let himself get emotionally compromised like he did that game...especially late in the 4th. It hurts the team. There were 2 plays right after that Lebron foul late that showed me he had not recovered mentally one involving him not running back on D leading to a Miami open shot.... I'm not saying he can't improve on it because he has. Thinking back to his first few years in the league...I thought he stole Big Baby Davis' nickname with how much he cried to the officials and didn't run back on D. He's improved drastically in the men...tal and physical department, but until he figures it out and puts it all together, Sacramento won't be good enough (regardless of the pieces around him) and he won't considered an all-star (even though he puts up all-star numbers)  Also, I find it amusing that you would compare offensive statistics and use that to say DH takes plays off. I've never seen it once...and a lot of it has to do with your point. Cousins, if he continues on his pace of growth, could be one of the greatest offensive centers of all-time. It's no comparison between him and Howard (even if you think back to the Orlando Dwight that put up better numbers on a lesser team than his current Rockets). Generally though, when people talk about players taking plays off you are referring to defense. Defense wins games and championships, and Cousins simply doesn't play consistently enough on that end. He absolutely has the athletic ability to be a good and possibly great defender. He shows flashes, but it's not always there. That's all I was referring to with that. See More
Thomas Garcia::The Kings are at .333 for the victory column, and they have some interesting wins since the Derrick Williams acquisition and the Rudy Gay acquisition!  I am very glad the front office decided to keep Jimmer Fredette, also.  Potentially, 3 players with 20 pts. per game for each contest is having become interesting, but the increase in assists and lessor turnovers with competent FG conversions is getting things done!
Jason Adame::Why would you be glad they keeped Jimmer?  He's worthless and makes more money than IT.  IT destroys Jimmer.
Chad Wiggins::Jason Adame idiotic... fredettes stats measure up in every area except one MINUTES.. fredette is shooting 45% from deep and from the field.... ur comment is whats worthless
Keith Dennis::Chad Wiggins  Jimmer had how many assists at PG last night?    That would be NONE which is just barely less than 1 below his average.
Thomas A. Brandner::How does a guy (D12) that shoots 58% and has been on a serious roll as of late only get 9 shots?  And off top of that he really needed to redeem himself against Cousins, Cousins straight balled on him 2 times in a row now.  Harden needs put it in the post, or Dwight needs to get better positioning, one or the other. Either way the Rockets are a better team when Howard gets more touches, and everyones FG %'s go up.
Kamuela Kane::Simple...Harden! I call him the "clogger". A serious problem which Rox coaches blatantly overlooks.
Steave Hoover::I'm happy for the Kings. They seem to be playing together.
Shawn Bento::Are Houston fans enjoying Harden?
Karl Heu::no...hes a ball hog with no defense
