Stevetang313::Since when did the league let there be 13 active players on a roster?! Anyone?  [[ --&gt; Check box score.]]  (An extra man: NBA teams will be allowed to have 13 active players for each game until Feb. 6, when the active roster limit will return to 12 players.)  But it's way past February 6th...
slam_dunk_on_u::the spurts will get once again knocked out in the first round! Ha!
daboafadem::I get a great deal of enjoyment out of reading this dude's posts.  He picked the Cavaliers to beat the Spurs....both games.  I am so looking forward to seeing how his beloved Lakers fare without MWP, Bynum one blow-up away from another suspension, Barnes who happens to be MWP's back-up on a gimpy ankle, Kobe shooting his worst % since like 1999, and one of the worst benches in recent memory.  LAL gonna draw either Denver or Dallas and without MWP those matchups don't look so favorable for the 3 seed!
Raidersyeahthatsright::Thanks for the analysis from the Mentally Deficient crowd. Your a clown-troll and everyone laughs at you. And we know you like your own comments, nobody else is that stupid. You've only been predicting the Spurs to lose EVERY game since January......great record you have there, Pud. I get a ton of entertainment imagining your growing frustration after every Spurs win. Hilarious!! How sad your tiny, little life must be.
fullmetalx117::Who would Dallas rather play? The Lakers or the Thunder? Im hoping for a Texas showdown in the WCF.
daboafadem::Dallas would rather get LAL now.  The Lakers razor thin roster will be down MWP and his backup, Barnes, turned his ankle against OKC.  Dallas would be a bad matchup for LAL right now, very bad.
eeereal::I cannot believe espn.com has an exclusive " Heat Check" or something section devoted to just Miami. This is ridiculous espn should have some respect for the other teams in the league !!!
spurs_sweep::u guys deserve the whoopin u got last night after all the cra_p ur fans were talking after that blowout u guys gave the Spurs when we had no starters in the game. Well u guys can't use any excuse except shutting the hell up and remembering this game for awhile losers
luvnbayes::First time since 2008 that the Spurs will enter the playoffs with their Big 3 all totally healthy.  Best team since 2005.  Tim Duncan saying, "I love our chances."  Guarantee it's the first time he has used the word "love" in regard to their outlook in many years.    And anyone comparing this team (no Jefferson, demoted Blair) with last year's team doesn't know anything.  Last year the team wasn't as good as their record, this year we are better than our record (for instance, 26-6 when Manu plays).  I LOVE our chances too, Tim.
luvnbayes::The game was not on my League Pass last night.  First time this has happened in the four years I have had it.  I live in So. Cal., does anyone have any idea why the game wasn't on?  And it wasn't because of their being too many games, there were league channels that were blank.  I called my cable co. and of course they didn't know squat.  Any help would be appreciated.  And I just hate missing my Spurs.
Raidersyeahthatsright::I'm in NY and watched on NBALP.
Zo3313::It was on Fox Sports Southwest and usually they have an alternate channel that shows the game.
Rudy_rush20::I don't know anything about that but if you go to hahasport.com you can watch it there. You can actually watch any game any sport for free. Go to hahasport.com there's tabs on the top that say basketball baseball football etc. Click basketball and should take you to a page that has links to  all the games that are playing at that time. If you click on one and the voices are in german go back and click to another one. There should be a few with English.
Tontos Redemption::Spurs have some interesting decisions to make. If Phoenix beats Utah tonight. the Spurs can then decide to play to knock the Suns out or lay low and let them in. Who would they rather face? The Suns or Jazz? Jazz would clinch the spot with a win over the Suns tonight.  With 1 more win, they would clinch home court over the Heat (or a Heat loss)  With 2 more wins and a Bulls loss, they would clinch home court over the Bulls. (Chicago plays @Pacers on Wed)
luvnbayes::The Big 3 won't play in either game, at least I hope not.  Utah knows tonight is do or die for them.  I think Utah will be easier, they have no playoff experience and really no one who can beat you single handedly.   Nash and Hill provide much more playoff experience and success, they would probably figure a way to win a game or two.  I think we would sweep Utah, and beat Phoenix in five.
GatorTex79::I really don't think Pop cares about home court overall considering what happened last season with injuries.  Spurs secured the #1 seed in the West, now get out and rest for the playoff run!  Lesson LEARNED!
Zo3313::The Suns would be the easiest but hey its playoff time baby. if the Spurs are the real deal then they dont fear any team
Tontos Redemption::yeah, I dont see any problem with either team, but Im sure the Jazz would appreciate an effort :)
Zo3313::I like watching first take because Skip ( I know alot of people hate the dude) he is the only one trying to give attention to the Spurs. He picks them every year
thatguytotheleft::He also picks the Cowboys on the NFL side of things.
el_dude00::Isn't there a chance that SA can get home court throughout the playoffs? Does Chicago hold that tie-breaker?
eeereal::If the spurs win out and indiana beats chicago the spurs get the best record !!!
Rudy_rush20::Lol its cool. I had nothing else to do right now.
el_dude00::Thanks Rudy, I was too lazy to look it up.
Rudy_rush20::Well i wouldn't call it a "tie" breaker since we only played them once. But the bulls won that game so yes.
Rudy_rush20::Oh and they do have home court throughout the playoffs, but if the bulls tie the spurs in wins they have home court in the Finals.
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::Nothing is new coming from espn not giving the Spurs the hype...but let them do whatever they want....but as long as the Spurs continue their winnings ways and keep the Spurs organization and us fAns hAppy!
1871jupdog::ESPN IS A BUNCH OF BIASED SONS OF B I T C H E S
Rudy_rush20::What's up man? ESPN is biased as hell. I had two of my accounts blocked cause I kept posting ESPN IS FILLED WITH A BUNCH OF NUT RIDERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Well I said something close to that.
MSU DOG 11::Watching ESPN FIRST TAKE and what do I hear these guys talking about on their NBA coverage........  LA LAKERS, LA LAKERS, LA LAKERS, and more LA LAKERS...  EVERY DAY!!!  The Spurs may be one of the deepest and best teams in recent history and what do we hear about EVERYTHING LAKERS????  ESPN is NOT a national sports network. They cover two or three teams in each sport and thats it.  Its a shame, because the nation misses out on great sports! Maybe one day we will have a new network come up with a REAL sports network that is more rounded in their sports coverage.   FOX? We Report (the games) You Decide!!
el_dude00::I don't really care. Can't tell you the last time I watched SC or First Take. I like Around the Horn and PTI because they hop around different topics. But the highlight shows are just a blur of the same teams described with different awful metaphors. Fox isn't much better.
MSU DOG 11::ESPN says time and time again that these teams are the only ones America cares about...  You know who they are, Red Sox, Yankees, Cowboys, Lakers, etc... Why is that ESPN???  Maybe because you ONLY COVER THOSE TEAMS!!  I am a Houston Texans fan and what we did last year with all the adversity we went through, injuries etc... and the super star young talent on our team developing right in front of our eyes... if we were the Patriots, there would have been an E60 special on us!!  This is getting ridiculous!!  We do need a real Sports Network!
ChiefIlliniwek4Life::Go to:  www.boofrigginhoowhatdoIdo.com  Report results.
thelastword34::No kidding, espn is a joke.
.boom.shaka.::Note to self - Sit Manu the last two games.  From the Desk of: G. Popovich
Zo3313::Its different then last year cause Last year the Spurs came out of the gate in a surge and built a huge lead but then limped into the playoffs. also  the Spurs were struggling heavily and then Manu broke his elbow in the last game of the season
Foghorn HookemHorns::This team is 180 degrees different than last year.  Much more like 2003 and 2005 when they went in as the top seed...and we know how what happened there.
Foghorn HookemHorns::You know it's a rout when they don't even show one highlight from the other team.
thatguytotheleft::.
MSU DOG 11::SPURS vs BULLS in finals...  SPURS in 6!!
1871jupdog::I totally agree
mnickolsongray::IF  If you can pound the rock with dogged determination and display great patience through the final strike  If you can trust yourself when all media doubt you, but make allowance for their doubting, too  If you can focus on team over individual, in this star-first, selfish world  If you can meet Winning and Losing, and treat both outcomes with class  If you can keep your head about you, as foes succumb to internal discord  If you can be a champion’s champion, but maintain your virtue and humility  If you can fill the unforgiving postseason with 16 victories of distance run  Yours is Greatness and all that it means, and what is more, you’ll be a Spur, my son!
mnickolsongray::ChiefIllini  -  Let's see what your little brain can come up with...
ChiefIlliniwek4Life::Dude - there are plenty of other places you can go to wax poetic.  Nobody around here wants to read this crap.
Rudy_rush20::I liked it.
gfugi1::Spurs who?&gt;
GatorTex79::Just the way SA likes it.
Zo3313::I dont really care about getting the best record in the NBA just want everyone to be healthy because that has been the Spurs Achilles heel
ChiefIlliniwek4Life::This year's Spurs may be the "sneakiest" #1 seed ever!  If the Bulls can't win it all, it wouldn't bother me in the least to see Timmy D win another one.
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::The Best in The West = San Antonio Spurs!
Furmz11::LETS GO CELTICS !!
Tim Duncan Pro Baller::#1 Now bring this baby home
Dennis Bonewater::What the hell? I had no idea the Spurs were the top team in the west. I don't really follow the NBA, but all I see on ESPN is Heat and Lakers coverage most of the time, so I assumed they were the top teams.
Raphael Hythloday::I'm a Spurs fan. Have been since the ABA days. It's not so much that the Spurs are the best team in the West. All they've done is win 2 more games than the next team, which is great of course. Last year, the best 6 teams in the West were all within a few games of each other. We saw how that worked out. Complete failure. However, having home court is always nice if it works for you.
eyedealz::It's ok, us Spur fans are use to it. All we care about is winning. Let the other bandwagon teams get the hype.
Tim Duncan Pro Baller::lol
Those against Metta should get AIDS and die::Im not a fan of the stigma that seems to follow Stephen Jack but that dude can ball. He shines as a complimentary player.
ACandOJ::Damn did the NBA set the Spurs up to win or what?? 7 games in April vs playoff teams....5 of them vs LA &amp; Utah.  Then close with 4 straight horrible teams to get some rest (3 if people thought Portland was going to be good this season)
Bigstevejw::Hardly at all. The NBA gave the Spurs 2 Back to Back to Back runs. The Lakers didn't even have one. They also gave the Spurs a back to back on the last two days of the season. They play the latest game scheduled of the regular season at golden state thrusday night and the league is going to give them a saturday daytime playoff game (The earliest playoff game). So they will be the #1 team and have only a 40 hour break off a back to back two time zones away going into the playoffs. The Lakers will have only one game this week and get the latest playoff game start.
thatguytotheleft::The Lakers had one early in the season. The bulk of their schedule was early on.
clownbaby09::thats some bull shite
Spursdc::interesting
IM A BIG BITC H::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ie8JJYqkl8I
IM A BIG BITC H::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ie8JJYqkl8I
IM A BIG BITC H::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ie8JJYqkl8I
vickfan770::interesting. we still hear nothing about the spurs from the rabble rousing ESPN media. I suppose they aren't "sexy" enough to get website hits
DavidkK_T::I have all the respect I can give for Spurs. People are writing them off, but Spurs are still a scary team.   Here's hoping that there's a Spurs vs Celtics series... (though casual fans would hate that to happen).
Spurdiboy::Ratings don't win championships, teamwork does. Other teams can keep the ratings, drama, and posh superstars; we'll take the wins. ESPN is so scared of us, they've resorted to calling one of the highest scoring offenses in the league boring lol. Guess 120 pts a night is boring now.
Comfy in Nautica::LOL you are such a douc<em></em>he bag
IM A BIG BITC H::IM IN LOVE BUT IM TO SCARED TO ASK THE GIRL THE OF MY DREAMS OUT
Spursdc::.
T-bag666::Whatever you do, just don't rape the girl. I've made that mistake one too many times.
Spursdc::Kobe^^^
They Be Derpin::YOU JUST GOTTA GET IT IN
Vote_Ron_Paul_2012::dont do it man, she is definitely gonna say no
nanular::Yeah.... Don't do it.
JustForRealsIsMe::Just stalk that fine a$$ until she gets used to you
Tig3rviet::Spurs v.s Heat Finals. I think the Spurs would win out in that one because of the DEPTH!
paaanthers::danny green is the $@%!$ man, dude teabagged paulus
pistonfanstill::Its a season where Tim Duncan should get at least 1 MVP vote.  Forget the individual stats the important one is Wins and he's a major part of it.
Tig3rviet::Ya, Stephen Jackson, Boris Diaw and Patty Mills were pretty much FREE pick-ups. LOL Popovich said Thank You NBA! We all know the former Tar Heel Danny Green is TALENTED!
paaanthers::I like the shout out for unc respect.
nanular::When Patty Mills, James Anderson, DeJuan Blair, and Stephen Jackson are your garbage time players, you've definitely got a deep team
Spoe99::Later ... good chat...... Go Spurs Go
daboafadem::later
Spoe99::Is it just me or does Scalabrine look like Jackie Moon with less style?
philippopp::Rajon Rondo = Lil Bow Wow
WhyUHatin47::Bynum = Tracy Morgan
JustForRealsIsMe::Pat Riley = Michael Douglas
daboafadem::Gary Coleman on roids...
Spoe99::Bynum = Bubba Gump?
Vote_Ron_Paul_2012::its just you, good movie tho
daboafadem::I always liked the Steve Nash = James Blunt comparisons.
daboafadem::Yah bewtiFOLLL...
Spoe99::hahahahahahahah your mo f&amp;chin right.... he sings all the love surfer cali songs right?
nanular::kyle korver = hilary swank
Vote_Ron_Paul_2012::kyle korver=ashton kutchner
Vote_Ron_Paul_2012::Theres the grizz then there is every other team. respect.
Spoe99::Kobe did a bad job of carrying the lakers when Shaq left... first time they had missed the playoffs in like 25 years.. Even James worthy got them into the playoffs with sedale threat and vlade....after all the legends had retired
Spoe99::your right... scott and perkins went to Indiana for like 4 more years of good ball.... Big Game James was the leader... again not a normal LA leader because he was a intravert but none the less he did his job.... Big Game James one of my favorite players of all time....
KoBe A.k.a MaSkEd MaMbA and A. DaViS own YoU::They still had Green Scott Perkins Divac who were all in their prime. Not a normal LA squad but it wasn't horrible.
KoBe A.k.a MaSkEd MaMbA and A. DaViS own YoU::What about the Pistons... I think everyone though LA would kick Detroits face in... But Detroit played team ball... and Garyy payton and the Mail Man had the Jordan curse........more ===================================================================  That was a horrible move by the Lakers front office. We didn't need Gary and Malone
samtrois::malone shoulda gone to the spurs.
Spoe99::I agree 100% but they wanted to put together a dream team and in LA thats too much dreaming.... LA where people go to get thier dreams killed
KoBe A.k.a MaSkEd MaMbA and A. DaViS own YoU::Right. In the trash East where Det was the only good team and 2 or 3 teams were getting in the playoffs with under. 500 records.
daboafadem::Yet Payton went to Miami and got a ring
thenysport::I honestly believe in my opinion that Kobe Bryant would have been Monta Ellis if he would have been in LeBron's situation.
Spoe99::I think D. Rose will get a ring... Boozer and Deng will either be gone or even more of role players next year.....  D. Rose needs a running partner... he maybe the only star not to have a legitimate scoring threat partner... his best shooting option is Kyle Corver?  F#ckin Ashton Kutcher and Carrot top put together
Bullsfan737::Not true Loul Deng is an All-Star this year and he has been scoring 20 a game and plays great defense!!
JustForRealsIsMe::More like Allen Iverson
thenysport::I'm saving that title for derrick rose
thenysport::Kobe 0-2 By himself.  Kobe wouldn't have won a playoff series in Cleveland with LeBron's teams  Kobe= 1 Finals MVP (I refuse to give him the last one, Gasol was way better that series) Shaq= 3 Finals MVP
thenysport::O so it was Kobe and not Phil Jackson  Try Again
KoBe A.k.a MaSkEd MaMbA and A. DaViS own YoU::Lol! If it was Phil how come he didn't figure it out after the 1st few games seeing he is the greatest coach of all time. Phil most of the lets the players wing it. Bryant took control of the series and carried LA
KoBe A.k.a MaSkEd MaMbA and A. DaViS own YoU::Lol! And the Lakers wouldn't been in the position to get it if not for Kobe.  Does the Phoe series ring a bell?  Kobe carried them the whole playoffs.
KoBe A.k.a MaSkEd MaMbA and A. DaViS own YoU::It was a zone D and no one had a clue how to break it besides Kobe. I never compared it to the Bulls but it rattled the rest of the team besides Kobe.
thenysport::I don't know the stats on it but I'm thinking the Sun's defense was no 2012 Chicago Bulls
KoBe A.k.a MaSkEd MaMbA and A. DaViS own YoU::Naw. When he averaged 36 points over 50% shooting with 7 or 8 rebounds and about 7 or 8 assists and the only one who could handle the zone Pho was running.  Try again!
thenysport::O when he missed the buzzer beater and got bailed out the second time in that playoffs
KoBe A.k.a MaSkEd MaMbA and A. DaViS own YoU::Kobe played in the triangle where the SG is not gonna average alot of assists.  Jordan=5.3 assists Kobe=4.7 assists
thenysport::Besides for Kareem who some consider the best all time...... Who else was second fiddle in the top 10? Come on man, he hasn't even passed Shaq yet.
Spoe99::Tim Duncan... he scored all his points with his back to the basket.... if he wins another ring he has to be considered for the best big man of all time... that includes PF and centers...
JustForRealsIsMe::How did Kobe do after Shaq left and before they got Gasol and Bynum for him to ride on.
thenysport::look above
KoBe A.k.a MaSkEd MaMbA and A. DaViS own YoU::LOL! That's why they shipped Shaq and his lazy self righ tout of LA. And then he tried to hop on the hottest perimeter players going at the time. How did that workout for him?  Nash=Fail Wade= 1 ring and swept in the 1st round after that. Then dogged the organization Lebron=Fail! (Win a ring for the King.) LOL! Then trashed the Cavs Bos=Fail Orl=Fail (Best PG arguably in the game in Penny)  Kobe=5 rings Shaq=4 rings  Kobe still going strong in his 16th year Shaq=Horrible analyst on TNT  Kobe&gt;Shaq
Spoe99::Orlando is a joke, the coach the players, the fans... thats a redneck (no racial or offense intended. My dads a redneck) racing town... they would rather see Tim Tebow play...
Comfy in Nautica::Keep digging
thenysport::I'll keep hitting y'all with facts.
KoBe A.k.a MaSkEd MaMbA and A. DaViS own YoU::BTW. Kobe shot 50% against the Nets in the 02 Finals.     Fact.................   How many times has LBJ shot 50 in the Finals?  LBJ=36% Finals with 0 rings Kobe=41% with 5 rings  LOL!
Spoe99::What about the Pistons... I think everyone though LA would kick Detroits face in... But Detroit played team ball... and Garyy payton and the Mail Man had the Jordan curse.....
daboafadem::Oops.  I should have said Pacers were the best team LA beat!
Spoe99::yea Spurs killed the Nets as well... but the nets were all J. Kidd.  Kittles Jefferson and Martin did not have the talent level to face either team
daboafadem::The best team the LAL with Kobe and Shaq played in the finals were the Pacers.
Spoe99::I dont think you know squat but you are right.... Lebron will never be kobe....  Lebron gets all the Pub.... and they have forgotten about Kobe so quickly... Best player of our time after Mike and he doesnt get the respect.... I think it has to do because of his blue collar attitude...  he just now started having commercials on a constant basis....
thenysport::Wow that's really sad
thenysport::Kobe= Had Shaq and Gasol LeBron= Had Larry Hughes and Zadronis
thenysport::of course separate teams with gasol and shaq
Spoe99::The spurs are the reason Carmelo left Denver, and the reason Amare and mgmt could not come to a agreement... The spurs have torn lives and teams apart.....
Spoe99::I tried to tell him but he said Kobe and Blake were gonna carry the Lakers... Hahahahahha steve blake..... He can not match up with T.P. speed.....Man they must hate you in phoenix.... Bowen was a wanted man out there.....
daboafadem::I don't live in Phoenix, thank god!
daboafadem::I was hoping you would comment on this little stub from earlier:  Having 9 or 10 guys who can go full speed and score all game long beats the hell out of 5 or 6.  This is why SA makes huge runs in the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th quarters of games as of late. All those fresh legs wear you down.  It is just like in the NFL where a team like the Giants bring 7 or 8 D-linemen at the offense.  Eventually those fresh legs cause the other team to break....more
Spoe99::I still remember steve nash's face his last year in Dallas when Steve Kerr came in off the bench and hit 4 3's in a row.... that was awesome... and I was in a Dallas bar for that game..... I almost got my $@% kicked but ill never forget me and my homeboy cheering and everyone else was yelling to shut the F$ck up.... Classic yo... nothing better
Spoe99::Phoenix had better players two years in a row and so did the Mavs... but the spurs had better teams.... Big Dave has alot to do with how the Spurs carry themselves....
emode2012::Big Dave has alot to do with even how the Spurs fans/team carry themselves.  It's a confident no holds bar love for the team and game no matter what.
daboafadem::Phoenix fans on the 2002 Laker-Kings series. "OMG!  That series was horrible! Why couldn't the officials call it by the rules?  ENFORCE THE RULES!"  Phoenix fans on the 2007 Suns-Spurs series.  "Robert Horry Jedi mind tricked the whole team!  Why did the officials enforce the rules?"
daboafadem::That team was assembled with a lot of older guys.  Vlade was older, Christie was older, Webber was on like his 3rd or 4th team.  Oh well.  One thing I have learned is that Phoenix fans hate the Spurs and Lakers with equal zest.  It's kind of funny.
Spoe99::hahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahhaa......  the laker king series was questionable... that was a hard pill to swallow for all those kings... after that thier carreers went dwn hill... hard to recover... Vlade, webber, christie, bibby... they wanted to win so bad.... Big Shot Rob... I saw his magic in person when he came to the spurs
daboafadem::Phoenix.  LOL
daboafadem::Isn't Kobe having his worst year in shooting%?  I thought I read that somewhere...
thenysport::Kobe=  2 less assists in game 7 compared to gasol Kobe=  2 more turnovers than assists in game 7  I'm owning you
thenysport::going along with that Kobe had less assists than the Power Forward.
thenysport::forgot to add less rebounds as well (even though it's expected for his position)
KoBe A.k.a MaSkEd MaMbA and A. DaViS own YoU::I'll still take him over anyone in a game 7 where it matters.
JustForRealsIsMe::I will take somebody that takes less shots for has better shooting percentage along with somebody that can pass the ball and plays better defense.  Kobe hurts his team as often as he helps them
KoBe A.k.a MaSkEd MaMbA and A. DaViS own YoU::Outrebounded the Celtics frontline by himself, clutch freethrows and led them in assists.   What are you owning?
thenysport::owned
thenysport::6-24?
emode2012::My love for the Spurs began on my 5th birthday in 1984 cheering for the Iceman as at the ole Hemisphere Arena.  I had no idea who "The Admiral" was but I knew it was big in the late 80's.  I grew up a Spurs fan... feeling the the pain DRob, Avery and Sean Elliot felt through the heartbreaking losses to the Rockets/Blazers/Etc in the 90s.  The answer came in 97 and I have watched Tim Duncan with amazement.  A lifelong fan of the Spurs, I am amazed at what they have become and how they represent my hometown.  I call Arizona home these days but I still watch with amazement and pride at the Spurs.  THAT was the team I rooted for at Hemisphere Arena, the Alamodome and SBC/ATT Center.  I hope to be in San Antonio in June ...... 16 wins away.  GO SPURSSSS GO!!!  I love my team.
emode2012::The Spurs are just downright scary right now.  The scariest part is the dominance as mentioned already comes from the bench as well as the big 3.
daboafadem::Big teams don't even scare them anymore.  This Spurs team does a great job of dictating spacing at both ends.  They steer opponents into bad passing angles and then cause either a turnover, or a poor attempt at an assist.  Defensively they do more than enough to let their superior scoring create separation.  I don't see this changing a whole lot in the playoffs.  People compare these Spurs to the old Suns and it just isn't a valid comparison.
emode2012::I hope Pop plays the full roster through the playoffs and not run only 7 guys or so as he did in the years past.  However, Pop is Pop.. I'll cheer regardless of who he puts on the floor.
Spoe99::Spurs are peaking... 5 games have been a victory margin of 19 points... anything over 10 is a blow out in the NBA.... Weve beat LA twice by 48 points
daboafadem::This is exactly what I have been preaching.  The Spurs are flat-out playing at a level unseen in recent years.  And it's not just 3 or 4 guys.  They all 'get' it.  They have 12 guys on the roster with season high scoring figures of 20+.  It's impossible for the whole team to go cold. Pop always has another option with this bunch.  It's insane.
emode2012::While I did not like the frustrating feeling I had growing up always being stopped by the same dominant team year end year out,  I am enjoying this great reward of being a loyal Spurs fan. I do feel bad for those kids whose teams are being demolished by the Spurs but this is OUR time right now.  Your team will be there one day, don't give up on them.  For now though.....  GO SPURS GO!!!!
Spoe99::Seeing the Admiral get used like that by Olajuwon was like watching your brother get his $@% kicked and you cant do nothing about it....Maxwell Kenny Smith and Drexler were unstoppable.... Horry was on those teams... he was a small foward and he had begun his transition to PF.... Bad nostalgia
daboafadem::my main point was those Rockets, like the Spurs now, were peaking at the perfect time.  People forget that team.  Spanked Utah 4-1 and swept a Shaq-Penny Orlando team.
emode2012::The Rockets inflicted nightmares in my childhood mind.  Happy those days are long gone.
Spoe99::My first Nba Game was in 84 as well I was 5... Magic jumped over Icenman at the Hemisphere... awesome nostalgia... Jabaar took a picture with my parents we still have that Pik....my pops is from LA but the Marines stationed him in San Antonio...  I grew up a spurs fan....
daboafadem::Then you remember that Rocket team the way I do.  Oh the horror!  Oh well.  I got to see 2 of those games in person.  Sucked to see SA get beat, but then I never saw much of Hakeem live until then.  Guy had the year of his life.  The lesson being, the hot team at the end of the year usually wins it all.  Hint...hint...
daboafadem::I still remember those Rockets that went 47-35 came in as a 6 seed and just murdered everyone in the playoffs, all because they peaked at the right time, right before the playoffs...
KoBe A.k.a MaSkEd MaMbA and A. DaViS own YoU::Cool story bro!
Le-Daj::Check out this awesome authentic signed dwight howard ball for a great price http://www.ebay.com.au/itm/261009341469?ssPageName=STRK:MESELX:IT&amp;_trksid=p3984.m1586.l2649
Vote_Ron_Paul_2012::hey le-daj, le-GTFO
Spoe99::Hey nerd get outta here... this aint a card trading convention
daboafadem::LOL!
Spoe99::hahahahhaahahahah  the drunk from up the street Deron Heyward from the local park proally signed it
daboafadem::it's probably his own ball for sale, LOL
Spoe99::Best of all time.... Magic Michael kobe Tim and the center is up for argument.....  Tim has given out the most rings to different players... more than russell and Mike.... Tim Duncan is at 62 different players have recieved rings with tim....
Spoe99::If Timmy gets 5 he has to be the greates big man of all time...., hell have the same amount as Magic and Magics squads were stacked....
Spoe99::if kobe gets 6 I will put him in the discussion for best of all time... it wasnt as dramitic as J. Bones but Kobe did do it with different players where Mike always had Pip...
thenysport::Kobe stats in finals 41%= Fact
KoBe A.k.a MaSkEd MaMbA and A. DaViS own YoU::BTW. Kobe shot 50% against the Nets in the 02 Finals.   Fact.................
KoBe A.k.a MaSkEd MaMbA and A. DaViS own YoU::Try to keep up. I was reffering to the guy who said Penny did nothing to help Shaq.
KoBe A.k.a MaSkEd MaMbA and A. DaViS own YoU::Who were the C Shaq played against? Perkins and Smits of course he dominated them. While Kobe had to chase Miller and Rose the whole series.
thenysport::when was this????? Not in the finals.... check your stats again
KoBe A.k.a MaSkEd MaMbA and A. DaViS own YoU::Lol! Yet he averaged 20 a game and shot 50%.
thenysport::SO HOW WAS KOBE THE DIFFERENCE?!?!?! LIKE YOUR IMPLYING!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Spoe99::please.... Penny was $@%!$ whooped by Tyra Banks... Like Lamar Kadashian
KoBe A.k.a MaSkEd MaMbA and A. DaViS own YoU::How old was Kobe again? LOL!
thenysport::3 finals MVP's  Kobe the first finals 15 ppg and 4 assists He really needed that...
KoBe A.k.a MaSkEd MaMbA and A. DaViS own YoU::Lol! Shaq had Penny who was arguably the best PG in the game at that time, how did that workout for him?
thenysport::One word "Shaq"
Spoe99::whats the point of anything... whats the point of your name?
Spoe99::Not me or you... were just fans.... get over it
KoBe A.k.a MaSkEd MaMbA and A. DaViS own YoU::That these two players own you on the court once the that ball goes up.
Vote_Ron_Paul_2012::jordan is the best hands down.
Bullsfan737::No one will be better than the best athlete of all time MJ not even Kobe, he might have learned some moves from MJ but no one will be able to do what he did with pure passion to win!!
Spoe99::Lebron no... but Kobe... Im a spurs fan but got mad respect for the Mamba..... if he wins 6 which I think his window will close next year Kobe should be considered as best of all time...considered.... not concrete... what Mike use to do was amazing.... with bill wennington...
thenysport::Kobe or LeBron will never be Jordan
KoBe A.k.a MaSkEd MaMbA and A. DaViS own YoU::What is the point of this?
Chocolate Thunder.::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AJocGtLCuzk&amp;oref=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fresults%3Fsearch_query%3Dcat%2Beating%2Bweed%26oq%3Dcat%2Beating%2Bweed%26aq%3Df%26aqi%3D%26aql%3D%26gs_nf%3D1%26gs_l%3Dyoutube-reduced.3...5896.8909.0.9096.15.13.0.1.1.0.487.1572.5j5j1j0j1.12.0.
