DJCOOLC::''We lost and it's killing me right now,'' Felton said. What?????......As Clyde would say- Felton fumbled and bumbled the game away with his sloppy play. Also It's time for Woodson to start coaching instead of rubbing is head. He should have taken felton out of the game replaced him with Pablo Prigioni, Stat (for an inside game and martin ( for rebounds and blocks) if he was interested in winning a game. I like Mike, but his coaching is beginning to look like Atlanta all over again…Stuck in the first and second rounds. My suggestion Woodson would be to save Stat and Martin for the last 6min of the third quarter and the entire fourth quarter (for their 18-20 mins) instead of three and four guards.
Dave::Funny, but the presence of savvy veterans on last year's team, like kidd, thomas, and wallace, even though they were often injured or not always productive, has been greatly missed on this team.  there is no leadership and no chemistry.  looking back, their 54 win effort last year is somewhat remarkable, and if they hadn't gotten such a raw deal from the refs against the pacers, they likely would have made the eastern conference finals.  this team, on the other hand, is a disaster.
Samuel::Here we go again, Smith and Anthony both come up ways to lose this game at the end.
somethingsneverchange::3-10 and just 3 games out of 1st place. knicks can still easily become a 4 seed in playoffs as division champ... with home court advantage in first round.  lol.  they would play 5 seed which in the east will be a #$%$ team. if pacers or heat were upset in 2nd round, knicks would play a #$%$ team for a spot in conference finals.  knicks can actually be better off by being horrendous. who knew?
bsf::It is now obvious, coach system is not working. Change the system or change the coach now.
KHAR T::Just curious how long this circus will continue. Woodson just does not fit to coach this team. Bad substitutions, no  defense, no offense. At the end of the game his trusted players JR and Felton - turnover after turnover. Guards did not look for Hardaway. Anthony plays like a role player. I believe the season for the Knicks is over. 5 losses back Anthony said that Knicks hit the rock bottom. What a joke
definitelymesswithtexas::Man, has there ever been a conference at this point in the season as bad as this year's Atlantic? Toronto leads it at 6-10! Have to admit that I'm a little gleeful after each and every Knicks loss after Dolan's "year-to-win-it-all" comment. Sorry Davis broke his hand, however.
Help, I Flopped And Cant Get Up::I'll just say that the Knicks are even bigger fools then even I could imagine if they pay Carmelo $25m a year until he's 35.  The Knicks are currently tied for the 2nd worst record in the league playing in the pitiful east.
Levin::The bright spot is Tim Hardaway Jr is pretty good in shooting.  Does not do much else though.
IKnow7::I hope mike woodson takes heed to what he saw out of his 3 shooting guards 2nite... there is only room for two of them to be in the rotation and the third needs to go and hopefully they can get a rebounder PF or C... ive noticed the explosive talent all year from Hardaway and he's going to become a special player someday... i just dont see that outta shumpert...  all i can say is: "Take HEED mike woodson... Take HEED"
