4life::You have to give it up for Milwaukee Bucks fans.  Their "Winning Takes Balls" campaign is hilarious.  I think it will catch on around the league.  Very creative IMO.
UncommonSense::Nets are a train wreck and it starts at the top. Jason Kidd is a joke of a coach. He's like a deer in the headlights on the sidelines. Watch him during timeouts as he stands there doing nothing and the assistants address the team. That kind of 'leadership' leads to the uninspired play we have seen so far.
ray y::It goes without saying, that Kidd will be the first to go if Nets continue to slide.  As a coach, he is expendable.
DC::There's going to be some great basketball on tonight. You got NY-LAC, MEM-BOS, MIA-CLE, ATL-HOU, DEN-MIN, SA-OKC, GSW-DAL, POR-PHX ... but they would be better games if the Lakers can come out of here with a win tonight. Last night they played well enough to win, but turnovers came back to bite them and Wall played out of his mind last night. The Nets are 4-10, but I don't consider them to be a typical 4-10 team on the court. They can beat this Lakers team easily on their home floor. I see that Pierce, Johnson, and KG will be the only impact players on the court tonight, so the keys for an LA win is to 1) come out with a fast start in the 1st Q, 2) kill the Nets with their bench, 3) limit the turnovers, and 4) have Gasol and Hill be beasts in the paint, as they only have Blatche and Plumlee guarding them for the post part.
bodhibo::Yowza! Another loss against a mediocre team.  Let the Great Net Experiment fail.  Ironically, Mr. Williams, who was seen as the savior of the franchise, is now the symbol of all that is wrong with them: overpaid and performing below expectations. Only Mrs. Lopez and Blatche get e thumb's up so far this year.
Blondie::The game is in the bag since there is really no one one the Nets that is a scoring threat, except for Joe Johnson who the Lakers can contain.
THE_CHIEF::When Kobe gets back and is on closer duties, the Lakers will be formidable. Shooting %'s could go up because he will allow others to take more high percentage shots. It is good they are getting time to gel right now, but they should be better when he gets back. If he just averages 20ppg and takes 6-8 less shots per game when he gets back then they are a playoff team.
clint::Williams?
Sam::Who hired Kidd anyways...How in the world did he got the job?   They should just hire us to coach for 50k.
Cyril::I just saw KG's new Beats by Dre commercial.  I think he and the rest of the team must be wearing their noise-cancelling headphones during Kidd's speeches.  That was just a poor hiring decision.
