KingLebriansKarateKid::WOLVES HIYAA
mulrich321::Why does the highlight clip not actually include anything talked about in the written recap? This happens all the time, when the journalist writes about an amazing play or sequence and we don't get to see it on video.
sk0dawgs::dam minny fans gotta be pretty happy with the way their team played tonight
57Gerger::started playing an online bet system called Sportsbettingstar. Since I started I have made an average profit of $3,000 a month. I hope that this reaches someone that is looking for an online betting system that really works well. I found this system on the 1st page of Google by searching for Sports Betting Systems.  I strongly encourage you to check this out if you bet at all.
57Gerger::Been following a betting system named Sportsbettingstar the past few months. I've made around 2-3K a month profits using this systems advice. You will find the system on the first page of Google by searching for sports betting systems. I have bet on sports for a long time and tried many systems in the past and nothing is as accurate as this one.
jazzmantitch::This is a really nice Jazz team. Flying under the radar and making post-season's as per usual.
jazzmantitch::The scope is there now with Favors, Burks and Kanter.
JizzazFan::Got to start somewhere. All good teams/players started at the 7th or 8th seed. It's all about experience.
R Barron::Gotta improve though. No point in making eighth seed every year for a first round exit
mikeisildur::10 point first quarter.  No, no Ty, the starting line-up is perfect.  No issues there.
JizzazFan::It doesn't matter who starts. what matters is the way minutes are distributed. Keep the old guys happy by starting so they play hard. And give the minutes to the guys that are playing well. Our young guys don't care about starting, but they will after a few years. By then they will have earned there right to start and there minutes. And that's the problem with coach Corbin! He takes these young guys out when they are playing well (besides the last two games). All in all I think our coach isn't doing that bad. It's easy to criticize him, and hard to give him credit when you're use to Sloan winning for 20 plus years!
Faburkanward::Put Hayward and Favors in the starting lineup.  Boom  Foye Burks Millsap Kanter DMC second unit would still be killer while the starters get an upgrade
mikeisildur::I like this idea.  I feel like putting all the lumbering veterans in the starting lineup and ALL the energy on the bench is killing our first quarters.
Brickyyy Rubio::ricky for 2!! brickkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
ksuwildcats00::Rubio about had a triple double?
ensign.devyn::There hasn't been a Minnesota fan on this board for like 2 hours, just fyi
ksuwildcats00::the jazz are a force not to be reckoned with.
ksuwildcats00::That can't be right.
ensign.devyn::Well anyway, I'm a Broncos fan
ksuwildcats00::I'm new to this computer thing.
ensign.devyn::Account since September '06?
ksuwildcats00::The phins?
ensign.devyn::I'm just amazed you haven't learned you can put the cursor on someone's username and it will tell you their favorite teams
ksuwildcats00::The bills?
ensign.devyn::Colder, colder, colder.
ksuwildcats00::Probably the cowboys then, right?
gooseydan::Still losers.
ensign.devyn::Also offensive, and gross.
ksuwildcats00::Is that team the Chiefs?
gooseydan::Yupper folks the Timidwolves still lose so they are like the KC Chiefs in that respect. Losers.
ensign.devyn::It is absolutely not, that's offensive to me that you'd even think that. Gross.
ksuwildcats00::I live in Kansas City. No team here. The pacers are fun to watch. along with the bobcats.
Faburkanward::Bobcats fun to watch?  I guess they do have some really talented 19 and 20 year olds
ensign.devyn::Well I live in Utah but I still have an NFL team. And sweet, I guess.
ksuwildcats00::True. That would be the NFL.
ensign.devyn::I was speaking of forces to be reckoned with, so different sports doesn't matter. Who's your NBA team, little buddy?
ensign.devyn::Well, we're no Chiefs, that's for sure.
ensign.devyn::Earl shot 7 times tonight, went 2/7, and had 6 points. I think he had 4 points last night. Is he slowly gaining confidence?? Jk. 7 times is way too many.
Faburkanward::We all talk about who will be the odd man out when Mo and G are healthy (Dmc Burks Marv)  But in really Tinsely and Earl should just hang it up when Mo and Gordon come back
scow79::What?    I always thought they were both around 37-38.
ensign.devyn::Well, Earl's a gangster Mexican and Tinsley's beard doesn't help him at all
ensign.devyn::If Ty doesn't find a lot of time for Alec after letting him play 30 minutes tonight, idk what I'll do. Probably take a series of signs to ESA, and unravel them slowly while yelling out the words on them, facing Corbin, and making sure he can hear me, and point out everything.
Faburkanward::Did you know Earls only 33? and Tinsley 34.  I would have guessed closer to 38.  They havent aged very well.
Faburkanward::I think Ty knows Burks is completely ready to bakc up Mo and the point, but he also "Values Jamaal and Earls veteran experience"
scow79::Maybe they can entice Earl to retire with a nice cushy coaching job next year.
ensign.devyn::I really wish that will happen, and Burks will play the backup point.
Faburkanward::Or, at least, not play anymore
scow79::Earl Watson is the equivalent of Brevin Hart.
Faburkanward::Brevin couldnt throw the oop like Earl.  Earl is precisely .3 alley oops per game better than Brevin
Faburkanward::Brevin Knight?
Faburkanward::Mr. come in the game turn the ball over twice and go sit down
ensign.devyn::The fact that I have no idea who Brevin Hart is justifies this statement
scow79::It also seems like Earl fouls a lot more than Tinsley.
Faburkanward::I like Earls pace over Jamaal.  But Earl makes more boneheaded mistakes so its just a lose lose no matter how you look at it
ensign.devyn::In all seriousness, I think I'd take Earl, cause at least he can get to the rim at times, always has a fire inside him, has more energy, and does throw a mean oop. Tinsley gives you a little smarter basketball and that's about it. But both are plain awful
Faburkanward::Tinsley solely for his random globetrotter moves
scow79::I seriously thought about this for a good 3 minutes.  Do you go with the 3 point assassin in Tinsley or the guy who can get into the paint and create all sorts of havoc in Watson?   Tough call.
ensign.devyn::Tinsley, or Watson, if you had to choose 1?
scow79::With Watson, they're just keeping with Utah Jazz tradition.
scow79::He's a combination of Brevin Knight and Jason Hart.   AKA - Two terrible backup PG's employed by the Utah Jazz in the past.
Faburkanward::Interesting to think about ...  I think the Jazz get to at least 45 wins.  We would have to finish 15-13 to get there.    LA, while seemingly close behind in the standings, would have to finish 20-9 to get to 45 wins.
ensign.devyn::Since there are no longer any Minny fans on here, I think I can share that I LOL'd when one of them said if they win tonight they would have only been 6.5 games out of the playoffs. Making up 6.5 games in the last 32 is still a ridiculously huge feat for anyone, and especially a team like the Timberwolves.  That being said, if the Rockets can get to 43 wins, I think they keep LA out. LA will finish 1 game above .500 at the best.
Faburkanward::Houston is playing some insane ball right now, they might be making a run.  Kind of hard to win when you give up 46 points in a quarter tho and Harden is out.
Faburkanward::LA has a tough schedule left.  I just dont see it happening.
ensign.devyn::Doesn't even matter that Portland's got a super tough end to their schedule. Getting beat by 36 by NO's pretty much means they're absolutely out of it. Oh, and LA's officialy in the #9 spot now, but are still 3.5 games back.
ensign.devyn::Remember when I said the Jazz's bench outscores the other team's bench by 10 points a game on average? Tonight they outscored Minny's by 30. Not sayin Minny has a good bench, but DAMN.
Faburkanward::ha ha yeah but who comes off Minnys bench.  Steemsmah and gelebeleje
Faburkanward::Shved and JJ are solid for sure.  Forgot about them
The Waco Kidd::^^^ LOL
ensign.devyn::Cunningham, Shved, and Barea... Not too bad, really
The Waco Kidd::Who should the Jazz pick with the lottery pick they're getting from Golden State?
Faburkanward::Harrison Barnes   I dont know if ill ever be able to let the combination of the tank job and the coin toss go
The Waco Kidd::That's why GSW will always be a joke. Once in a while they'll flirt with the playoffs, but it's a loser organization, run by losers who think you can win by losing.
ensign.devyn::Trey Burke, if possible. Doubt it though. Would love to see us trade up to get him.
Faburkanward::I think he will.  Hes been putting up great numbers for a while now and has stood pat.  I think everybody wants the 6'4 guards with their top 10 picks these days.  Personally i think PG height is overrated...SG height? SF height? sure.  But as long as my PG can dish and score efficiently (as Burke can) im all good.
ensign.devyn::If he stays in the 15-25 range, we could definitely trade up to get him
Faburkanward::Faburkanward - we could easily get him...Unless he makes the top 10  By easily i mean a relatively cheap trade up for a couple spots
The Waco Kidd::Burks with the... I mean Burke rather, with the ball and passes it to Burks, err, Burke rather...
Faburkanward::Now imagine Steve Brown trying or Ron Boone trying to form a sentence involving Burke and Burks
The Waco Kidd::With a gentle push and a mild arc, the cowhide globe hits home!
ensign.devyn::Just imagine if Hotrod was still callin games  "Burke yo-yo's up top, swings it to the right wing to Burks, Burks get a screen from Kanter, drives in the lane, kicks it out to Burke in the corner, Burke pump fakes, goes around his man, passes back out to Burks, Burks raises for 3, and hits! You've gotta love it baby!"
Faburkanward::we could easily get him...Unless he makes the top 10
Faburkanward::He is projected 15-25 right now
OneAndOnlyMr::So we'd have a Burke and a Burks?
ensign.devyn::Probably top 10, top 15 for sure.
The Waco Kidd::Mainly this was meant more as a shot against the Warriors saying they are going to fall out of the playoffs, but how high you think he'll go? I honestly have no idea.
lllllll llll::Pikachu!
ensign.devyn::Only depressing post of the night, I promise. Can you imagine what the PnR would be like with Favors and Kanter if we had Rubio? Or the random Burks, Favors, Hayward alley-oops?
Faburkanward::I have faith that one day, Burks will be an assassin in the PnR.  He is already decent/average with flashes of brilliance.
scow79::There's always CP3 this Summer.
ensign.devyn::Can I have a little of whatever you're smokin?
scow79::I'd imagine he'll even take a pay cut.
Faburkanward::Or D-Will.  The Jazz should have orchestrated the heist of the century and gotten Deron to come back.  Championships for days (assuming he plays like his Utah self)
ensign.devyn::Yup, basically. Brandon Jennings isn't too good at PnR, so no help there.
Faburkanward::basially all the untouchable PG's..
ensign.devyn::Or Nash. Or Paul. Or Parker. Or Irving. Or any PG really good at the PnR.   *sigh*
free derrick favors::Utes beat ASU
Faburkanward::any conference win is great at this point..
free derrick favors::not that it even matters at this point
Faburkanward::I dont know what to think.  They have gone down to the last possession with most of the better teams they have played (Ucla Zona etc) and then gotten blown out by some awful teams.  We are (much) better than last year tho, and thats what matters. Progress.
ensign.devyn::Utah's looking like they're on their way back. They have had a lot of competitive games, and they could have beat Arizona (who I think is totally overrated). But they look like they're working back towards being good again. Shouldn't be too hard to be a top 3 team in the PAC 12 once they get back, and that's all they need to make it to the Tourney every year, pretty much
Faburkanward::I mean, if we had played the Dons there is a good chance we would lose but that is beside the point....kind of.  Enjoy the top, I think/hope Utah is on its way back.  Maybe by 2015-16
ensign.devyn::Yeah, not much room to talk for me. Our bubble chances literally went out the window last week. Being the best team in Utah this year is the only consolation haha
Faburkanward::at least we didnt lose to the dons ha ha
ensign.devyn::Look at the bright side, they were able to surpass their conference win total in football with their conference win total in basketball. 3 &gt; 2
ensign.devyn::We foul the 3rd most in the NBA. Why don't we seem tougher then?
Faburkanward::Its not a toughness thing.  You'll notice our coachs (passed on from Sloan) put a huge emphasis on deflections.  How many times did each player get their hands on a ball on defense. So basically our team is taught to swipe at balls non-stop and play very handsy defense.  leading to fouls
ensign.devyn::Our deflections last night were off the charts. Love to see active hands. But yeah, true that
The Waco Kidd::Well which is it?
The Waco Kidd::That's losing Sloan. Jazz were always one of the highest under him. Got em, use em.
free derrick favors::3rd most
ensign.devyn::Yeah no kidding haha. Still wish we'd be tougher. We don't seem like we foul that much, and that's a problem to me. Haha
free derrick favors::I was gonna say we don't play good enough D to be third least haha
ensign.devyn::You're right, I totally read that wrong. Edit coming up!
ensign.devyn::Just can't wait till Kanter is getting the big minutes. If his jumper is this consistent, and he gets a little quicker off the dribble, he's going to dominate both sides of the floor.
free derrick favors::Yeah Favors post moves are non existent. But his defensive presence is a game changer.
free derrick favors::totally agree. Jefferson and Millsap should play in a post up iso offensive style. Kanter and Favors should be purely P&amp;R with Kanter running some iso
scow79::Yeah that's my point.   Our offense is set up more to Kanter's strengths than Favors'.   If we ever get a PG who can run an effective PnR with Favors then I really think he'll be nearly unstoppable.  He'll either get the bucket or the foul.
Faburkanward::We run post-iso's for Favors and he should be mainly a PnR guy
scow79::Remember that we don't run very many PnR plays for Favors either.   We're a post centric offense because of Big Al, which isn't Favors game.
ensign.devyn::Think his ceiling is higher than Favors now, with what we've seen the last few games from Enes? That block on Pekovic was Favors-esque. But Enes is better offensively already, Favors is just much more scrappy.
Faburkanward::They are both high.  It depends on how good Kanter gets defensively.  i dont think Favors will ever be as good as Kanter in the post but will be able to put up 30 any night with length and athleticism.  Put Favors with a good PG? game over..
ensign.devyn::Kanter's athleticism is coming along in it's own right. I guess it depends on what you want them to do. Kanter's shot opens up a lot for him
ensign.devyn::Kanter's athleticism is coming along in it's own right. I guess it depends on what you want them to do. Kanter's shot opens up a lot for him
The Waco Kidd::They're both very high.
scow79::No.   Favors athleticism alone puts his ceiling much higher than Kanter's IMO.
Faburkanward::His ceiling is so high.  Burks floor seems to be going up every game now.. Im sure he will take a step back eventually but his recent consistency is nice to see
scow79::Burks still isn't all that great off the ball.   Hopefully that will improve with playing time.
free derrick favors::You usually don't find big men that are as polished as him offensively at such a young age. I can't wait to see him in a starting role, although I don't think he is quite ready for it yet
Faburkanward::free derrick favors - You usually don't find big men that are as polished as him offensively at such a young age.   Especially considering he's only been playing basketball for 4 or 5 years
The Waco Kidd::It will be nice when the refs stop giving him the business too.
Faburkanward::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6D8aAC4jrPM
free derrick favors::11 fouls between all three of them.
scow79::Same can be said for Burks and Favors.
lester4586::i dont understand why the jazz cant play and keep all of their big men al and kanter or favor start milsaps and  favors off the bench together or al and favors start and for a few minutes every game play three of them together
Faburkanward::three of them together only works in really specific matchups .  Just not enought minutes.  Also, money.
ensign.devyn::$
free derrick favors::Burks Kanter pick and roll = pure beauty
The Waco Kidd::Can't wait for Kanter's jumping ability to develop a little more. He's already stronger than 99% of the league, if he had another six inches on his vertical, he could just power dunk it on anyone who dared to stand in his way.
scow79::I initially thought of those but didn't know how to find them.    Nice!!
The Waco Kidd::No, these: http://www.sportsauthority.com/product/index.jsp?productId=13381306&amp;mr:trackingCode=FD77C32D-22F2-E111-BA78-001B21631C34&amp;mr:referralID=NA&amp;mr:filter=43457747751&amp;mr:adType=pla&amp;mr:ad=24776973711&amp;mr:match=&amp;mr:keyword=&amp;{copy:iq_id}=&amp;{copy:camp}=
scow79::He better go out and buy some Sketcher Shape Ups ASAP
ensign.devyn::Aww SHIT, @tribjazz has reappeared.
Faburkanward::That picture..
ensign.devyn::His mother suggested he take his first big journalism break seriously and get a glamour shot
The Waco Kidd::Replace "by the ocean" with "in front of a backdrop at a kiddie kandids in the mall."
ensign.devyn::What, you mean most Utah sports writers don't have pics of themselves by the ocean?
The Waco Kidd::I thought I got him fired.
ensign.devyn::I think we've all tried at times. Damn, my life was so nice without him for 4 hours
scow79::Good to see Tremors lasted 2 days away from these boards.
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::Just a quick pit stop here and there in between studying. *kiss*
ensign.devyn::^So true.
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::And probably no one else who gets his references, and vice versa.  OK, gotta go again.  The Jazz.
scow79::Well I know Ensign misses you.   He has no one to bounce his witty banter off of without you.
adamsbrian88::Dedication
dcmorris008::Jefferson for rubio straight up! Anyone?
ensign.devyn::Only every night of my life!
ensign.devyn::I seriously LOL'd at that. Nasty. Haha
The Waco Kidd::It's better if you're numb.
ensign.devyn::6? You must be into some seriously weird stuff if I need to be that drunk
The Waco Kidd::Six appletinis it is.
ensign.devyn::Okay... but it takes me at least 3 appletini's before I put out.  I don't know why I just told you that.
The Waco Kidd::Then we should go on a date.
ensign.devyn::You interpreted that like a gay.   You're gay.
The Waco Kidd::Every night thinking of Jefferson and Rubio together gets you straight up? Did I interpret that correctly?
scow79::Every Jazz fan would say yes  Every Wolves fan would say no
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::Salaries don't match!
ensign.devyn::Why don't we just play all 4 of our bigs 24 minutes a game each? Then Al would be well rested to always play good D, Kanter would continue his awesome progress, Favors would turn into Dikembe, and Paul would just come in and go beast mode.
Darkflame07::Which one plays pf? Al and kanter are centers, I don't think either would be effective at the pf.
The Waco Kidd::Remember Tim Duncan and David Robinson on the floor together? They'd be fine and awesome. Jefferson and Kanter could run the high-low since both can both work inside and hit a 15 foot jumper.
ensign.devyn::We'd keep the same starters and bench players we have now. Derrick and Paul at PF
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::I'd like to see Kanter and Jefferson on the floor together. They never do that.
ensign.devyn::That'd be some serious Bully Ball.
scow79::How much is Pekovic going to command in free agency?   Is he a restricted free agent?
The Waco Kidd::Is his agent General Zod?
ensign.devyn::These 2 wins have restored a little faith, eh Tremors?
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::I got it.
ensign.devyn::Quote from The Office
scow79::You should have said:   "And does his arch-enemy wear a red cape."
The Waco Kidd::Does anyone ever call you Stanley?
ensign.devyn::Racism is dead, Stanley
SFEST13::If everyone on the Wolves was healthy... they'd be a damn good team.
The Waco Kidd::Ehh... They'd be a better team.
timberwolves guy::They had to take away that 10th rebound...
ensign.devyn::Wolves need a good spot up shooter at the 2 guard right? And a good defender? Well we'll trade you Raja Bell...
The Waco Kidd::Straight up for Shved. Won't even ask for Rubio.
ensign.devyn::How about Salsa Con Queso?
adamsbrian88::Depends on the day. I'd also be open to tortilla chips, but those would have to include a jar of salsa, or nacho cheese
ensign.devyn::Cool Ranch, Nacho Cheese, or Salsa Verde?
adamsbrian88::I already offered bell for a bag of doritos
The Waco Kidd::Am I being too optimistic to think the Jazz could actually do some damage come playoff time with a fully healthy roster that's jellin' like Magellan?
lester4586::i think big al is the best offensive center in the league overall a really good player but his d is not good at all but you cant deny his offense and ability to rebound
The Waco Kidd::No question. If he puts in the effort on the defensive end he's put in for the last few games, all game, every game, he might be the best center in the league.
The Waco Kidd::Push it to 6 or 7 and leave them bruised for their next series.
Minnysota Vikings::The Jazz could give a team like the Thunder trouble inside with their bigs. Probably wouldn't win the series though.
diego7785::Doing damage means winning a series.  Not gonna happen.  Sorry, but at least you've got good young talent and attractive assets.  The jazz are a team of the future, not of this season.
ensign.devyn::We could knock off the Clippers, absolutely.
diego7785::Sorry, but no way this team beats OKC, SA, or the Clips in the first round.  6 games maybe.  I'm not a Jazz fan, and I'm not a hater, quite the opposite really.  But at least I'm a realist
The Waco Kidd::One game lost on a flop that was fined by the league; the other on another blown call, but it was after they blew a 20+ point lead
adamsbrian88::I think they Jazz could take the clippers, but they aren't up to the level of the other two
ensign.devyn::Well, we matchup well with LAC and have had super close games with them, and it wouldn't be unrealistic if we were to knock them off.
The Waco Kidd::Doing damage doesn't mean necessarily even winning a series, but the Jazz could actually beat the Clippers. That's why they need the 6 seed.
ensign.devyn::With a healhty Mo, and Hayward, not at all, if our team is playing this well together. A large factor is going to be Al's effort on D, and the whole team's energy overall. If we can bring both those though, we could make some noise
ensign.devyn::This is 3 of the last 4 games where he's brought the jEFFORT.
The Waco Kidd::Last two nights he's been Al JEFFORTson. Get it?
adamsbrian88::if they get their act together on a consistent basis they can, like they did last night
Loosole::http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine/?tradeId=bmkygun  Minny gets the scoring 2 guard they desperately need along with a savvy vet while utah gets the true pass first PG they've been looking for.
ensign.devyn::What are you guys saying it's so ludicrous for? I'm pretty sure the salary's about match up... ;)
ensign.devyn::NBA's all about salary's. Raja Bell is as valuable as Rubio
The Waco Kidd::Oh ya! Makes sense now.
The Waco Kidd::Even more ludicrous than expected.
diego7785::david kahn isn't THAT $@%!$@%! dude.  not far off but c'mon man!
diego7785::HAHAHAHAHA!!!
Loosole::Dammit. Rubio for Murphy-Watson.
The Waco Kidd::But I can tell it would be hilarious even without seeing it. Whenever someone uses adjectives like "savvy" or "wily" or "grizzled" it usually means the trade itself is a ludicrous idea.
diego7785::link doesnt work, if this includes rubio you can forget about reposting
ensign.devyn::Still not workin
The Waco Kidd::Trade machine isn't working so it doesn't post
adamsbrian88::the links for those have been broken all day
Minnysota Vikings::Alright, I am out. Good game Jazz fans. Good luck the rest of the season.
ensign.devyn::You too man. Good luck next season makin some moves and gettin some pieces around Rubio
The Waco Kidd::The Rockets gave up 46 points to the Clippers in the 1st quarter.
ensign.devyn::They're a good defensive team, that's surprising
ensign.devyn::Nah I'm jk, they're really an awful defensive team. But that is very surprising
The Waco Kidd::A fluke, just like them beating the Jazz by 45. An anomaly not to be repeated.
The Waco Kidd::Side note: Bennett Salvatore is king of bailing players out with a whistle when they neither have the ball nor are they in position.
MN MechaUltraSuperOmegaGeigaWolves::gooseydan - Not the Timberwolves... new name Timidwolves. Losers.  No. New name is MechaUltraSuperOmegaGeigaWolves.
MN MechaUltraSuperOmegaGeigaWolves::With maybe an Alpha thrown in there. Possibly a Timber too for tradition.
The Waco Kidd::Timbercuwolvesis.
The Waco Kidd::Tubercuwolvesis.
ensign.devyn::Would any Jazz fans want to go after Brandon Jennings, since he requested a trade?
lester4586::tonight and the last game also he was upset because they played through monta in the clutch his last 3 games 8 of 27 6 of 24 tonite 8 of 22 and he still dont want to pass the ball
lester4586::he think he is a superstar
lester4586::shoot  second and everything after that was me
lester4586::nope i watch him play a lot when they played the jazz  one of the jazz commentators said he play like iverson but not as good he then explained by saying he is hard to play with you never know when he is gonna pass the ball he is a shoot first shoot second shoot third pass fourth type of pg that is just ok
ensign.devyn::I wouldn't mind him as a back up... Hahaha. Nah, I wouldn't want him as my team's starting PG either.
ensign.devyn::You're really anti-Jennins, eh Lester?
lester4586::the jazz fans should be glad they cant get him
lester4586::and the bucks fan hope the can get big al out of the deal
free derrick favors::He requested so he can move to a bigger market. He doesn't want to play in Utah
adamsbrian88::The organization in utah would be a step up
ensign.devyn::Does he get to make a choice where he gets traded to though? Haha
lester4586::trade for brandon jennings is a horrible mistake because he is a ball hawg and not that good of a point guard and if that trade happens you will see
The Waco Kidd::Yes, because I think he can be had for cheaper now that he made a public demand for a trade.
MN MechaUltraSuperOmegaGeigaWolves::Dirk to Minnesota 2013  See anyone can do this. There's no logic or information behind it, but I can say whatever I want!
The Waco Kidd::Won't matter when the Jazz trade Jefferson for Lebron.
Minnysota Vikings::As much as I like Pek and don't want to see him leave, I just don't think he's worth what he's probably going to get. Chris Johnson putting on more muscle and playing center wouldn't be a bad thing imo.
htabbach::What's up with you? You have been posting some really stupid things today?
MN MechaUltraSuperOmegaGeigaWolves::PEK IS THIS TEAM!!!  Pek leaves and I'm a fan of whoever gets him.
Minnysota Vikings::He misses a ridiculous amount of easy shots and his defense isn't bad but it's not good either. Not worth 12 million/year imo.
The Waco Kidd::He can come to Utah, but he'd be the 5th best big man on the team as of current.
The Waco Kidd::Under the standings, ESPN shows Denver as winning three straight when they've lost three straight and Portland as winning five straight when they've lost five straight.
MN MechaUltraSuperOmegaGeigaWolves::I'd like to get Afflalo
ensign.devyn::Also, to go with what I said well before the game, Rubio was 3/13 from the field. Just shot a ton of FT's and that's how he got 2/3rd's of his points tonight. 0/3 from 3. If he can get his shot to be consistent, in the low 40%'s, then he will dominate, assuming he has a few more playmakers around him. But right now his shooting is just awful
The Waco Kidd::He has absolutely no one to pass to.
The Waco Kidd::He will. You can tell he's still not jumping right. Hard to hit a jump shot when you can't jump. As the name entails, it's half the battle.
ensign.devyn::Yeah, he needs a few more pieces. But he's got to get at least to were Rondo got to this year and consistently knock down that 16 foot jumper
LetsGoMavs 2.0::Pek to Dallas 2013. Wolves suck every year
MN MechaUltraSuperOmegaGeigaWolves::LetsGoMavs 2.0 - Pek to Dallas 2013. Wolves suck every year  You and every other team. You have literally under a 1% chance of getting him and look like a complete idiot saying this. Plus, you don't have enough lakes for him to fish at.
wunderrr::Hallo Dirk Freunde, wie geht's?
The Waco Kidd::Sehr gut, danke.
Minnysota Vikings::Enjoy overpaying for him. Alot of his points come off Rubio getting him easy looks.
Mittens___the cat::my bad
Minnysota Vikings::shhhh, I'm trying to get the Mavs fan riled up.
Mittens___the cat::not really, he still got his points when ricky was injured
mikeisildur::Gotta do something.  Mark Cuban let all the championship team players go to free up money for the free agent sweepstakes and came out empty-handed.
MinniWolves90::You're going to have to overpay. We're getting a hometown discount.
MinniWolves90::Trust me.
LetsGoMavs 2.0::haha no one gives home town discount unless you've played for that team for many years. Aka Dirk sacrificed 16 million in 2010 and won a NBA title.
Serg Abaka::Relocating to Serbia are you?
MN MechaUltraSuperOmegaGeigaWolves::Wish Pek would kill the people I don't like for me....
I POP A BONER WHEN A LADY FARTS::get cancer already.
gooseydan::Not the Timberwolves... new name Timidwolves. Losers.
free derrick favors::Carroll is the shiit
MN MechaUltraSuperOmegaGeigaWolves::Minnysota Vikings "You'd be swimming with the fishes"    --Pekovic -----------------------------------  Maybe that's why he likes "fishing". lol
Minnysota Vikings::haha remember that scene from Godfather 2 when Al Pacino's brother gets shot in the back of the head while he's fishing? lol
MN MechaUltraSuperOmegaGeigaWolves::Ha!
Minnysota Vikings::You're welcome.
Serg Abaka::No, thanks for ruining it for me though
ensign.devyn::54 points in the paint for the Jazz, compared to 30 for the Wolves. That's some serious down low domination
The Waco Kidd::Against teams like this who have no inside presence, the Jazz should try going extra big with Al, Favors (or Kanter) and Millsap with Burks and Carroll in the back court.
ensign.devyn::For real. I'd love to see a big lineup more often, it'd be great for us.
The Waco Kidd::Yeah, but as you pointed out, even you could get into the paint when Watson or Tinsley is still out there. Go extra big and force everything inside. No need to double anyone.
ensign.devyn::We did that big 3 lineup a little, and it was effective for sure.
mikeisildur::YOU try getting into the paint on a team with Jefferson, Favors, Millsap, and Kanter
ensign.devyn::How do you think they got so good at shot blocking?
scow79::I don't know.   He has mad church ball skills.
mikeisildur::Yeah but ensign.devyn hasn't
scow79::Many teams have tried and many teams have succeeded.
ensign.devyn::I would fit in easily, the paint is a big area. Not saying I would get a shot up though
wunderrr::what players gonna be available for trade on SG?
Not Not A Wolves Fan::afflalo
Minnysota Vikings::J.J Redick!
Serg Abaka::Ben Gordon
Tyler BarnesMNSports::See ya later Wolves Fans Go Wolves!
GarnettMoss::tomorrow for the WILD?
Tyler BarnesMNSports::Yes! Go Wild!
Serg Abaka::What did the Wolves do with the Jefferson trade exception? If nothing, what a waste. Surely there were better offers out there than Koufos
MN MechaUltraSuperOmegaGeigaWolves::Wish I could fish with Pek...
Minnysota Vikings::"You'd be swimming with the fishes"  --Pekovic
Minnysota Vikings::His next assignment is to take out the Maloof brothers
MN MechaUltraSuperOmegaGeigaWolves::Being good at basketball helps too. But I'm sure he had a few hits to take care of.
ensign.devyn::How do you think he made it into the NBA? Took out some people on David Stern's most wanted list. Mainly small market supporters.
