Trent Miller::Battle of the bandwagon fan bases
Sammy Bissett::No rebuttal from the Lakers and Cavs....I mean Heat and Clips crowd?
Demetrius Falconstakeflight Roberts::Trent sounds like a bandwagon himself
Angel Payano::If wade plays like this in the playoffs they're three peating. And im a clips fan
Andrew Zachary::Clippers still not enough of a threat, to anyone.
Levert Collins::the heat when by 5 points but yet yall talking like yall blew some one out
Andrew Zachary::Levert Collins Honestly, go through the play-by-play.  Cole and company turned the ball over and missed so many easy shots that we should've won by 20 something.
Justin Jenkins::Dont expect this game to be close with Bosh back in the lineup:  Clippers 121 Heat 43
Amir Shirazi::Stupid
Lon Tran::Lol  you re guessing Blake will make all his free throws
Don Whitfield::Ok, lets hear the excuses!  Because I'm sure Miami didn't win cause they're just better!
Mark Brandt::They were better tonight. No denying that, and I am a registered Heat hater.
Fabian Garza::Kevin Durant are you watching the game?
Daymeon Craig::Miami might beat the clippers but the pacers win the east this year!!! Can't be stopped go PACERS!!!!
Bryce Morgan::Jeff Ariano WHAT!??!?!?! Did you watch the Knicks game? They got destroyed. As a Heat fan I respect the heck out of them and slightly fear them
Amir Shirazi::Jeff no a pacers fan , but stfu refs help you sound like heat fan or bandwagon fan . They get all the calls In mankind
Melissa Lopez::miami style baby
Ad Sanders::So this is what a Doc Rivers team looks like without at least 3 hall of fame players.
Jody George Prats::LeBron is a massive beast.    u mad?
Gary Rogan::Tired of seeing Dwayne Wade falling on the floor?  Sick of watching Lebron James push off with his elbow on every drive where he doesnt actually travel?  Now's your chance to alleviate all that pent up frustration.  That's right..... Its that time of year again.  Buy yourself a flat billed hat, practice using the word "hater", and join the Heat bandwagon!  Living life as a douchebag has never been so easy.
Gino Foggia::AMEN Gary.. I could swear when I watch Heat games I'm watching WWE wrestling it's like the main two players u know who are always hitting the deck... It's sad they are not great players due to it!
D.j. MacIntosh::Gino Foggia "due".  You are sad, sorry little man. You have my pity.
Anthony Walker::y'all soiund like a bunch of cry babies
Alan Ogg::Clippers fans are fake.. i lived in southern california for about 10 years and NEVER met a clippers fan til about 2011....  Heat fans have been around since the 0-18 start, with the exception of the LBJ bandwagoners..
Aaron Rooney::Don't blame the Clipper fanbase for you not having any friends in SoCal.
Amir Shirazi::Clippers have fans hahahah
Freddy Maldonado::CP3 was MIA in MIA. He likes to ride his teammates about stepping it up, what's his excuse !!!
Angel Payano::Idk they kept double teaming him on that pick and roll all night. Miami played great D
Anthony Walker::same thing they did to Rose. gonna force the ball out of his hands.
Bryce Morgan::Anthony Walker no, big difference in the defense this game. Cole and Chalmers basically shut down Rose, this game they had to move alot of defenders around constantly to hold down CP3
Matt Cauthen::2 fake teams taking on each other tonight. This could compete with Smackdown or Raw.
Eric Lopez::Is this your first time watching sports?
Bryce Morgan::really? So the past two championships were fake as well?
Justin Galbreath::Bryce Morgan flopping is flopping, and Dwayne Wade is egregious flopper, and a taker of cheap shots. Guess
Matt Geere::Ok Heat fans, the Magic wore down the clips for you so Heat should be in great shape playing with rest for tonight's game...
Josue Tamarez::excuses, excuses!!!
Matt Geere::U think clippers an doc happy they don't have to come back to FL anytime soon? This road trip had got to hurt. I don't care if its 2nd week of season or not b/c both these games showed in a very loud way all the clippers weaknesses. btw don't tell me Matt barns is some big game changer again please. I love Matt barns but um yeah its MAtt barns not Kobe...
Matt Geere::lol IM a Magic fan. I was just saying what I knew we would all hear after heat won tonight..
Jody George Prats::CP3 is averaging a very impressive 25 and 13 but James and the Heat are too much for the Clipps
George Joseph::- There You Go!
Benny Thai Tran::I'm Bryce Morgan, the grammar police on an ESPN board.
Bryce Morgan::I'm Benny Thai, I try to talk smack and fail miserably. You have thin skin little boy, not my fault
Benny Thai Tran::Bryce Morgan Said the hillbilly from Alabama.
Bryce Morgan::Benny Thai Tran *yawn* keep trying cliche boy. I'm such a hillbilly with my Master's in chemistry. Such a terrible hillbilly. Hurry up and give me change
Nima Soleimani::As a huge Heat fan, I don't know why but these regular season games so far just are not of importance to me. I don't get excited to watch really and I could care less if it is a win or a loss because of how un-important these games are. It's all about the playoffs. I feel like the Heat have spoiled me by going to 3 straight championships and winning 2 straight titles in a way that these regular season games compared to all those finals games and big playoff games don't get me up and excited like they used to. It's like the same thing for the Heat players-- hard to "get up" and try their hardest in these games. Spoiled.
Aaron Rooney::Bahahaha! The game is 2 days away and Heat fans are already coming up with excuses.
Demetrius Falconstakeflight Roberts::Bahahaha, the game is tomorrow and ol Aaron wants the Clippers to win because their Finals is the regular season
Don Whitfield::Guess this is all you have Aaron, if this doesn't work out for you I guess the season is over!  My green is on the Heat and you'll have to live with it!
Darin Perry::Flash is back
Matthew Stone::Till hid old knees give out on him.... again.
Masiko Tumwebaze::He never left...
Alan Ogg::Matthew Stone hid*??????????? loser
Justin Galbreath::Hey, ESPN, thanks for censoring my criticism of how you conduct business. I guess customers aren't always right (though I am; saying the game starts at 7, when it doesn't, is misleading), especially when it comes to constant commercials and raking in  some doughs. Thanks for your two minutes blurbs of random stats from (still) overpaid former players and coaches separating the 3 minutes of commercials (at least Shaq and Chuck can be hilarious), that go on for half an hour, and also, thanks for killing the pace of some games with mandatory TV timeouts. Way to kill a golden goose. And I bet you wonder why ratings are dropping.
Justin Galbreath::http://www.sheridanhoops.com/2013/04/24/big-tv-viewer-drops-for-turner-espn-abc/
Mark Slalom Anderson::Thanks for your efforts.  I would watch more games if it weren't for the constant, constant, constant commercials.
Vladimir Tsalyuk::I think u bandwagon heat trolls should start liking these regular season games cuz from now on that's all ul have. Come playoffs Brooklyn will destroy
Bendix Kunert::HEAT ALL DAY 3 PEAT
Amir Shirazi::Bendix sorry papa stern set to retire
Marc Huggard::Spoken like a true Russian.
Campbell Miller::CP3 all day baby leading the spurs to a championship this year. If Lebron James is as good as people thing why are the heat 3-2?
Campbell Miller::Clippers*
Alan Ogg::heat started 9-8 in 2010 and ended up going to the finals. BOZO.
Bryce Morgan::pretty sure Lebron has played surreal in those losses. But hey, you are just a 12 year old little kid so noone is surprised you have no clue how a sport works
Yinan Chen::Dwayne Wade thinks rumors of his demise are greatly exaggerated.
Gino Foggia::Wade just broke over the 100 flop mark on the year already...smh
Benny Thai Tran::He falls down on every shot that he takes.
Chris Hogen-Esch::Chris Paul is sometimes referred to as a part time superstar
Anthony Martinez::The way he disappears from most games, you would think he was a magician.
Shawn Bento::Lol baby Bron Bron hurt his widdle finger.
