Robbo523::Go Bulls
Kali Instructor::http://www.nbaplayoffsbracket.com/2013/index.php  This should be it for the playoffs. Let the games begin!  Let's Go Heat!
Kali Instructor::Coach Thibs was telling his players to "play hard and let them feel you..." - the same way he instructed his players in Chicago [Heat lost]. I heard that because I was close to their bench. Heat learned their lesson and made it an excellent counter to their tactics.
jaydron da goat::its funny to see all da knicks fans on here talkin like they gone have a chance to win da finals lmao aint no way tha knicks gone even come close to tha final cuz they got way too many team in tha east who is betta them. tha bulls an heat mite be playin each otha an that be tha chance tha knicks be havin to go to tha easter confarence finals but u dont kno cuz tha pacers gone be betta an even brooklyn cuz brooklyn be on fire an they gone be ready cuz they in tha playoff an they hungry an u cant say they gone beat tha heat on tha bulls fa sho. an everybody kno wen d rose come back tha bulls gon be tha best team in tha playoffs cuz they already domenate tha heat without d rose playin so wen he come back an he gone be droppin 25 an 10 a night an tha bulls gone have they superstar so they gone be motivated to win. chicago an d rose gone shock tha world no lie an they ask lebron about who gone be tha hardest team to play an he say chicago when d rose come back cuz he kno they play fisical defense an dont let u get free looks at tha basket. even carmelo say he dont wont d rose to come back an every body shuld let him rest cuz he kno they gone be tha best team in tha playoffs in d rose come back. but u gotta be laffin at people who say ny got a chance to win it aint go even be close they gone be lucky to get out tha first round
NYVirus::Is English your second language? Third?
rg3uknowme::As much as I hate agree with someone who clearly couldn't communicate that he wants a BJ from a hooker, the dude makes some valid points.  He lost me when he started talking about Brooklyn being on fire but Chicago and Miami are clearly superior to the Knicks. ESPECIALLY come playoff time.  If Boston was healthy I doubt the Knicks would get past them
NYVirus::jaydron da goat - its funny to see all da knicks fans on here talkin like they gone have a chance to win da finals lmao aint no way tha knicks gone even come close to tha final cuz they got way too many team in tha east who is betta them. tha bulls an heat mite be playin each otha an that be tha chance tha knicks be havin to go to tha easter confarence finals but u dont kno cuz tha pacers gone be betta an even brooklyn cuz brooklyn be on fire an they gone be ready cuz they in tha playoff an they hungry an u cant say they gone beat tha heat on tha bulls fa sho. an everybody kno wen d rose come back tha bulls gon be tha best team in tha playoffs cuz they already domenate tha heat without d rose playin so wen he come back an he gone be droppin 25 an 10 a night an tha bulls gone have they superstar so they gone be motivated to win. chicago an d rose gone shock tha world no lie an they ask lebron about who gone be tha hardest team to play an he say chicago when d rose come back cuz he kno they play fisical defense an dont let u get free looks at tha basket. even carmelo say he dont wont d rose to come back an every body shuld let him rest cuz he kno they gone be tha best team in tha playoffs in d rose come back. but u gotta be laffin at people who say ny got a chance to win it aint go even be close they gone be lucky to get out tha first round  I suggest you ask whoever taught you English for a refund.
Kali Instructor::@NYVirus... you're funny dude.
Kali Instructor::Knicks fans are loud as ever. They've been doing the same thing since last season when they brag about beating the HEAT in the Playoffs. Besides, you can't expect big from Carmelo to win a championship because he always have the ball no matter what. If he do that, it's a downfall.
rg3uknowme::The knicks didnt beat the heat in the 1st round??? WTF are u talking about
Kali Instructor::I mean, beating the Heat in the 1st round.
rg3uknowme::Do u mean beating the Heat once? They brag about that lolz
rg3uknowme::Thank you for that lovely soliloquy
stew561::The east playoffs are going to be fun to watch. Looking forward to Knicks v Celts
rg3uknowme::Im just glad to see that 2 out of the 3 big threats to the Heat will be gone by the ECF.  Pacers, KNicks, and Celtics will beat each other up while Miami takes care of Milwaukee and then Brooklyn or Atlanta (Maybe chicago depending on seeding).  Knicks Celtics should be a great series if KG and PP are somewhat healthy
Kali Instructor::NKY vs Celtics, game 7 and Celtics wins. Pacers vs Bulls, game 7 and Pacers wins. Hawks vs Nets, game 6 and BKN wins. So, the HEAT will play "not a hard to beat team" in 2nd round if they go past Bucks. But, I'm sure they'll win against Bucks in game 5. And if they win 3 games straight - it's a sweep. That just my own opinion.
Kali Instructor::That is going to be interesting. I'm sure Carmelo will not go past 25 points in each game. I predict it will be 7 games.
duro.::zzz
duro.::.
Aint 0 Aints and Heartbreaks::..
duro.::wow so creepy http://www.weather.com/video/fish-has-human-teeth-35872
Mammonx::That fish has a goooood dentist. I can tell
duro.::asian reporter is super cute
Kenyatta4288::The Bulls got robbed like usual by the refs. No need o blog all day about this. The lesson today is if you cry to the NBA, you get every call to go your way, even though you are soft and brittle..lol
Kali Instructor::What is this? Bulls fans complaining again? Dudes, game's done... just like the Heat lost to the Bulls and snapped the streak. Move on!
Kenyatta4288::I should have bet money on that in Vegas. I would be a rich man right now, because I predicted the refs would pull this after LeBron cried.
Kenyatta4288::....Plus the fact that we couldn't touch them, everything was a foul.
ScalabrineSwag::the officiating wasnt terrible yesterday...a little biased towards the heat but not terrible like it usually is.
ScalabrineSwag::agree and also when lbj got a clear path foul called on him when robinson was a step behind him and someone else was even with him.
Kenyatta4288::Clear path not called on Kirk, Jimmy and Luol both got fouled in the same sequence, and they missed a few calls with Luol Deng, it was robbery.
Aint 0 Aints and Heartbreaks::pretty face or money?
ScalabrineSwag::you can use the money to get a pretty face:)
ScalabrineSwag::yeah its weird...none of the nba players have drop dead gorgeous wives.
Mammonx::Tell that to Kobe and KG
yayarea100::i got boef
Aint 0 Aints and Heartbreaks::picz?
Kenyatta4288::The Heat are a bunch of girls. Had to get every call to go their way to defeat a injured bulls team. Shameful.
rg3uknowme::its the refs fault that Lebron is so dominant. They basically Put in his 27 ppg and hand out his 7 apg and grab his 7 rpg by themselves.  He doesnt even need to show up the refs do it all for him.  GET SERIOUS
Kenyatta4288::@ScalabrineSwag, if they think we get favorable calls over the heat, then they need glasses.
Mammonx::Kinda like what happened in Chicago when the Bulls got all the calls
ScalabrineSwag::bulls dont get a lot of favorable calls...lets be honest. I find it incredibly pathetic and ironic when heat fans complain about the referees.
Kenyatta4288::Yeah right, we didn't get anything in Miami and never will, we took that game like we always do to those chumps when we play 5 on 8.
duro.::*bows head in shame*
Aint 0 Aints and Heartbreaks::im ashamed
Kenyatta4288::If your a heat fan , then you should be. There is no crying in basketball. The Bulls didn't get any calls, bet you won't hear any b*tching from us like LeBron..lol
ScalabrineSwag::how warm is it in miami today?  61 in chicago area feels awesome.
yayarea100::dont know the exact number, but it's hot as ballz
ScalabrineSwag::go to the beach..star at some girls
yayarea100::yea
ScalabrineSwag::80s?
Aint 0 Aints and Heartbreaks::breasts or butt?
yayarea100::butt (stereotypical but i cane help it)
ScalabrineSwag::butt
Aint 0 Aints and Heartbreaks::haha i tried to trick you
ScalabrineSwag::answer doesnt change.
Aint 0 Aints and Heartbreaks::hmmm t.its or as.s?
Aint 0 Aints and Heartbreaks::skylar diggins, ella anne bonne, britney griner  you gotta f one, marry one and eat out one.
duro.::bonne, diggins, griner
ScalabrineSwag::bonne is pretty hot too
duro.::i agree, she's gorgeous
ScalabrineSwag::skylar diggins is actually legit hot
Aint 0 Aints and Heartbreaks::gross
ScalabrineSwag::marry sklar, f ella, eat out britney...and isnt it kill screw marry...that would be easier bc then i could kill britney lol
ScalabrineSwag::and she very well could be a man.
ScalabrineSwag::yeah its gross bc then you have to do something with griner.
Aint 0 Aints and Heartbreaks::ya i threw you a curve ball
duro.::hmmm
ScalabrineSwag::what
ScalabrineSwag::lets put this game in perspective...no rose no noah no rip. We played decent.
coltranesteelkirt::Without Kobe as a potential opponent. I honestly don't know what the Heat are even playing for anymore.  Any ring they might get will be hollow.
sknysklz::what are you talking about? lakers werent much of a threat to come out of the west even when they had kobe
ScalabrineSwag::lets be honest...the lakers arent a threat to anybody this year.
ScalabrineSwag::even with kobe.
The_Red Flash::Spo needs to rest Ray Allen
ron953::Breaking news:  Lebron admits to steroids even after David Stern said keep your mouth shut!!!
jperry755::As a Bulls fan, I can honestly say ron is an idiot.  Athletic players like LeBron have been around for decades.  See Dominique.
Max 089::you mad bro?
ron953::The Heat obviously had a better team than the Bulls the other night but that's mainly because they were missing Hamilton, Noah, Gibson, and Rose so not losing by 20 points is an accomplishment even though I would never say the Bulls never had a chance in that game being so close towards the end...The season series is tied 2-2 with each team winning on each others floor and on the road but come on man you gotta give Chicago credit with all their injuries and how much effort they put in games on defense and hustle..Bulls get back all 4 of them players I just mentioned and this team will be tough to beat!!!!!
stew561::But the Bulls couldn't beat the heat in a series with a healthy Rose and a better bench.   And that was the bulls taking 3-1 during the regular season.
JeffNBA89::I was fine with this game and any bulls fan should be too. Great Miami beat us as they SHOULD. It's not really a revenge game at all. Our team gets by on hustle and strategy not pure talent at this point. Miami is obviously the more talented team and they should have won. When we beat them its a big deal because we are the underdogs. When they beat us its no biggie because they should beat us
C2Poke88::Who was that idiot ref that made all the bogus calls against MIA?  The bogus offensive foul on Wade, the 2 bogus offensive fouls on Lebron, and the bogus goal-tending on Lebron after Boozer had already committed offensive basket interference were all made by the same ref.  Those "questionable calls always seemed to be made at times where Miami was building momentum to open the game up too.  Is that guy on the Bulls payroll or something?
ron953::You're delusional!!
FANALYST99::Wake me when the playoffs start...
picco1414::Somewhere soft Chris Bosh is STILL getting man-handled by Boozer.
dolfinfan07::Lol Boozer is pure garbage.
ron953::Not this year dude
DaRealDaBuu::"Lebron, Wade, Ref's too much for the Bulls"  Thats how the headline should read.
CrimsonEyedDeath::"Bulls fans don't have enough excuses"  That's how the ESPN Chicago headline should read.
OMICRON1966::Meaningless game for the Heat. Their priority and main goal is the playoffs.  But I have to say that these bulls since they can't beat the Heat when it counts everytime they played them they always have to play dirty and give dirty fouls. I guess the frustration of not beating the Heat when it really counts has gotten the best of this bulls team.
dabulls2012::The fact the Bulls outscored Miami even for a quarter without Derrick, Jo, Taj and Rip shows Miami is at least a little bit vulnerable. I would LOVE to see these two teams face off in the ECF with both teams at full strength...THAT would be an epic series...unfortunately seeming more and more like maybe next year for that.
dickiedave5.0::That already happened two years ago and the Heat nearly swept them.
OMICRON1966::You know this was a meaningless game. You know they met in the ECF and the Heat took care of these bulls. So why are you forgetting?
koke003::Cavs board. we outhea
MiamiFan2004::Wow, from the whining of their press to the whining of their "fans", this has got to be the most delusional article I have seen in ages.  http://blogs.bulls.com/2013/04/a-miami-loss-most-foul-for-the-bulls/  They got TWO four point touch foul calls, and despite it being OBVIOUS that Wade was fouled (in the same way that LeBron was given a Flagrant BTW, shoulder to the chest), and that hinrich did NOT have posession of the ball, AND that they have BOOZER calling out "AND ONE" every time he throws the ball in the air, AND that their coach was riding the refs all game, they claim Miami was whining and that was what got them 41 FTs.  How about it was the 30 OBVIOUS fouls (along with the others that were NOT called) that led to 41 FTs.
Aicyla22::cavs board
MiamiFan2004::ko 22
brandonlee561heat22::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DtLcrIAbnOQ
duro.::this kitty is up to shenanigans
T-Wolves2014champs::Tnia
Aint 0 Aints and Heartbreaks::sey
method305::B!tch a$$ Bulls fans. To the Cavs boards.
david516x::Why can't we hurt this man?!!!  - Bulls...
koke003::Like this comment if you got in a good jerk last night
IDCAMSN::LOL....alycia didn't like it though....ECsucks, yayarea100, duro., thetrickbob likes this.
Aint 0 Aints and Heartbreaks::looks like you and duro liked this? and alycia?
Rob_Gronkkk::TO THE CAVS BOARD!
david516x::*Crickets*.....
thetrickbob::nooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Aicyla22::okay
Milwaukee Bucks.....::those are my abs in the upper right corner of your screen if you have the testoterone ad
Rob_Gronkkk::Dish network is so ignorant.
Kelvs1751::They have cheap prices but the on demand sucks and they don't have as much HD channels as the other competitors
thetrickbob::lol i have time warner
Dwight GOAT Center Howards Agent::twc
T-Wolves2014champs::Orud
duro.::OPSAG
Aint 0 Aints and Heartbreaks::beza got a fatty thats all that matters   it aint you beauty its yo booty
Dwight GOAT Center Howards Agent::bro, lol, when a chick has a fatty, it's not her booty. It's the coochie.
Aint 0 Aints and Heartbreaks::no
Dwight GOAT Center Howards Agent::Ekok
Dwight GOAT Center Howards Agent::why y'all hating on Beza?
HeatManZE.......::summer is coming  -games of thrones
Milwaukee Bucks.....::i saw her she ugly as $@%!
Aint 0 Aints and Heartbreaks::my girl?
koke003::Aint's girl?
thetrickbob::your mother?
Dwight GOAT Center Howards Agent::lol, when people misspell Alycia's name backwards while she's here
T-Wolves2014champs::Okay thgiwd
Dwight GOAT Center Howards Agent::lol opsag
Aint 0 Aints and Heartbreaks::whos alycia ?
Aicyla22::try me
Aint 0 Aints and Heartbreaks::ima flag you so hard one of these times
Aicyla22::flagged
T-Wolves2014champs::Just kitten I have never seen her =)
duro.::ROR troll cat
Aint 0 Aints and Heartbreaks::bad kitty
Milwaukee Bucks.....::all you $@%!$@% are ugly get over it
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::Prepare to get Bucked up in the playoffs.
thetrickbob::i am gods gift to women ask aciyla
thetrickbob::lol sorry aicyla
Aicyla22::ask who?
KirraDjuki::Who da heck is Beza? What's going on here? Who am I?
Dwight GOAT Center Howards Agent::Beza is da homie
HeatManZE.......::when do we migrate to the cavs heat board?
Dwight GOAT Center Howards Agent::http://cdn.mediatakeout.com/62307/mto-world-exclusive-we-ve-got-pics-of-r-b-singer-chris-brown-s-new-love-interest-and-she-s-an-asian-chick.html
