Greg17493::When I saw dallas rallies past bobcats in the headline I thought damn i really gotta see this lol
Mavsolute_Beast_41::Let's Go Mavs! Let's make a strong finish of the season and then do some work when sh.i.t gets serious.
badva::rally.....past.....bobcats. enuff said.
Hierosonik7::Luckily Jordan will have another shot... at another Kwame Brown.
manbearpirg::2011 Mavericks - weakest championship team in the last 30 years.   still beat LeBron though
schrandt::16-5 in playoffs...  Beat the team everyone picked them to lose against in 1st round Beat the champions in 4game sweep (that everyone picked them to lose against) Beat the up-and-coming team with scoring champ (that everyone picked them to lose against) Beat the most talented team in the league (that everyone picked them to lose against)  Pretty difficult road to finals if you ask me
WarriorsWarrior::Michael Jordan + Rod Higgins  need to retire from basketball... again
Alan Hardt::Cuban ...wake up....You're not going anywhere with no center......You want to repeat and I know you do....get a center.....that's the first step....Next get a point guard...Kidd is not a kid anymore..D.will now....with a proven center and D.Will you have a shot.
schrandt::you're a little behind the ball on this...obviously Cuban has been setting up to make a run at DWill and D12...and has brought in several quality stopgaps over last couple years until they're available (and won with those stopgaps)
mavsarenbachamps::Mavs can offer MAX contract to DWill and we can bring in young stars like tyreke Evans since now we don't have to sign Dwight Howard and also keep the players we want. Mavs fans get ready to buy your DWill jerseys
mavsarenbachamps::Finally mavs will play some real competition against over .500 teams starting Saturday. I think everyone gets fired up instead of getting lazy against below .500 teams. Go Mavs
littlebabylalash::LOL, Mavericks thinking you can win a itle with Vince Carter in your team? LOLOLOL  1st round exit you bunch of old pensioners.......Bunch of frauds......$@%!$@% THIEVES.......
Hierosonik7::Yeah, they really defrauded Bron and Wade of their rings that, according to you, should've been handed over on a silver platter.
mavsarenbachamps::Why so much hate?
littlebabylalash::Enjoy this Mavericks, you aint going back to back this season, FACT  As if you are going to get LUCKy again, AS IF...........
TTUMBA26::reeks of ignorance and envy...low IQ  MAVS are 2011 champs...please take note as that is a "fact"
blownds21::How did you become so smart littlebabylalash? Your analysis of the mavs is well-thought out and your ability to convey you point is so convincing. Wow I am really impressed.
Paddywaggie::liking your own post doesn't make it a fact
nicholasduke23::lol. FACT? what theorem are you basing this off of?
P 52::Nets fans were certain they would see Dwight Howard in a Nets jersey after the deadline. Deron has a great chance to end up in Dallas, however nothing is certain.
trollmachine::boooriiing!
GBM04::Dirk only had 5 4th quarter points tonight, not clutch.
spacebump::If you believe someone that has been an MVP and Finals MVP is not clutch you should probably stop watching basketball, you clearly don't understand it.
MavsNation92::Lebron is a born choker
tzveme::last night The heat choked harder than gloria james on delonte wests you know what
tzveme::IN last nights bulls heat game lebron proved everyone wrong who said he couldnt score in the 4rth quarter. He even outscored D rose by 2 POINTS
GBM04::25 3 point attempts?? Thats desperation.
P 52::I don't think Deron to Dallas is necessarily a done deal. The Nets have a chance to hang on to him. Also Deron and an old Dirk is not nearly enough.
Panthera Atrox::To get to the finals derons chances are better if he moves to the west with dirk there is cap space for other players. The Nets will not get past Bull much less the heat in 7 for the next 3 years. Besides there is no better team that can afford him
MavsNation92::P 52 is a laker fan and gbm04 is a heat fan lol
GBM04::Deron wants to go to a contender, not Dallas....
MavsNation92::Deron said it himself he like Dallas
MavsNation92::Says the laker fan
P 52::Lol well that is an intelligent reason.
MavsNation92::Cause you're a laker fan and you hate us just like we hate you
P 52::I don't understand why my point in untrue.
CTthunder860::did kemba get hurt or something, he only got 16 minutes but was doing real good i dont get it n they wonder why they always lose
MavsNation92::Can't wait for deron Williams to pair up with Dirk next year. We can also offer him max contract
GBM04::Barely squeaked by the Bobcats. not good.
P 52::Dallas needed these two easy games to get back on track.
Dane Kitazaki::it shoulda been east games.  they were gimmes.  but it looked rough
mdtuzo::a shame the better team didnt come out on top tonight
spacebump::Dallas is currently the only NBA franchise that has not been beaten at least once by all other franchises.
xgrevenilvec::A shame that the Bobcats have never beaten Dallas.  Ever.
Dane Kitazaki::was kinda rooting for the bobcats at the end so it teaches carlisle a lesson
nodonovan1377::D. Will to Dallas in summer of 2012.
CTthunder860::why did kemba only ply 16 minutes????
KingObama4ever::i missed my parley by a half pt......You crooked FxxKing BXXXtards
Hawaiian Raiders::That sucks on ur parley..I had three won out of four and on the WVU FH Under 61 i missed by 1 pt and it was a dumb foul, the guy hit both FT and the FH was over and i was looking like a deer in the light..
gsin1202::Obama will get you back your money.  Oh wait no one to blame for you losing.  Just bet smarter.
THE JEFFERNATER::I hope you lost your a.ss.  Obama sucks.
fsuseminole88::brandon wright aka stretch armstrong saves the day*
MavsNation92::Now time for San Antonio
arsenal1470::Dallas MaveDirks
THE JEFFERNATER::A win is a win.. Not impressed but oh well.
wreckem tech101::It was ugly, but a win is a win on to the next one. MFFL
Logan8772::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nhRtC0QJ9WU soo sick!!
Hawaiian Raiders::You have to be kidding me..i won the SH....this is a miracle.....thumbs up if you agree,,DAMMMMM$$$
Hawaiian Raiders::The OU was 93.5...the scoring was anemic... till the last 1:30 minutes..
Eg214::No matter the record the bobcats still a NBA Team With Talented Players Reason why they are in the NBA
wreckem tech101::GG Bobcat fans if theres any
gsin1202::Yes.  Thank God they covered the second half over.!!!
gsin1202::I still cannot believe it.  Yesterday was really easy for overs.
Hawaiian Raiders::Can you believe that....WOW- I guess my prayers help and all those FT..
thethithua::the cat trying to make it over on the 2nd half... LMFAO
Shub2308::Not kobe
wreckem tech101::yeah so....don't every champ do that?
THE JEFFERNATER::Like your pic.
wreckem tech101::get both of these Dirk!!
kaytrick::lol well it seems there gona cover
THE JEFFERNATER::Dirk won't miss. Ballgame.. The Mavs probably don't deserve it but I'll take it.
deedsey11::Mavs don't do this to me. I just need 2 points from you :o
deedsey11::WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO.
deedsey11::I have mavs to get 100.5 :D dirk shooting
thethithua::too bad, VEGAS already set this game OVER
wreckem tech101::ready to go ready to go ready to go from cotton-eye Joe
kaytrick::lol hawaiian raider u might get ur 3 points
THE JEFFERNATER::And JET with the choke.. I hope the Mavs lose.. Something needs to wake these lazy mf'ers up.
wreckem tech101::Terry definetly has BS on his mind
Hawaiian Raiders::Need 4 pts..please get it
thethithua::its pathetic when teams are losing then suddenly at the end... they hit unbelievable shot to make the game went over....
wreckem tech101::hit both of these JET
