Mister E::Im absolutely loving how the Raps are ignoring Jonas in favour of fluffing up Demar and Rudy Gay, because THATS how their going to be a contender, by giving the ball to one dimensional  wing players who only know how to jack up shots.  Good plan Raps.  I think thye might ruin JV like they did Bargs.  I only hope they`re only doing this to increase their trade value, because Bargs cant develop properly while playing with Rudy Gay, Demar would be ok off the bench, but they need to play through JV to have any hope of future success.
Scott S::Unless the Knicks or Nets pick things up, the Atlantic Division BLOWS.
No nickname::Better Job tonight Raptors. You guys were making the extra pass and it paid off with some good open looks. 10 assists for Kyle Lowry and 8 for Rudy Gay. It is good to see when your shot may not be going as of late to do things that can help your team win. Playing tough defense, rebounds, assists, blocked shots, steals, and hustle. Getting on the floor and getting floor burns or taking a charge may not show up in the stat book but it all helps to get a win.  I had a reply saying that Coach Casey is tanking. I have met Coach Casey and I do not believe that man would tank anything. He wants to win just as bad as anyone else. He is a competitor and would not throw  a season away 12 games into it for a draft pick.   Tyler Hansbrough has had a poor shooting career at 43%. I agree. Given the opportunity I believe that percentage would improve. Tyler has a knack for drawing contact which gets him to the free throw line which in turn gets the other teams bigs in foul trouble. His intensity and will cannot be taught. It is also contagious. He also has the uncanny ability to get under your skin. Love him or hate him it is very effective.    I will say again that Demar DeRozan, Kyle Lowry, and Rudy Gay have great talent but great talent will only carry you so far. Great players make there supporting cast better around them. You can look at all the great players such as Michael Jordan, Bill Russell, Magic Johnson, Larry Bird, Oscar Robertson, John Havlicek, and John Stockton all made there teammates better.  Thanks for the replies and nice job tonight Raptors.
PKM::Raptors.
tim n::Sixers cannot be trusted I like them and want them to win but they lack a veteran leader to will them to victories
ken::I love Thad but looking at the box score... maybe we should trade him just so we can lose alot of games.  I think without Thad, we (sixers) are the worst team in the league.
tofynest::If DeRozan gets his shoot. % up he'll put up 25 a game
Don::ope win
tony::novak fan here
Anton::Trash teams lol
