diogomg95@hotmail.com::refs...
thebest41587::What is it about Atlanta screwing the Raptors? I guess they should feel fortunate they actually counted all there baskets this time though.
benrutman::A foul is a foul. Demar was slapped on the head. Granted the undermand Raptors should never have let Atlanta back in the game, but you can't tell me Derozan wasn't fouled.
Atl7523::That Teague drive to the cup wasn't a charge they call...So the officials screwed both teams last night...True it was a foul but you can't let NBA games end at the line.
Atl7523::I wish the Raptors fans stop crying about that miss call at the end..It was a lot calls the Hawks didn't get also..And besides the Raptors had a 13 point lead and blew it so they lost the game not the officials.
Atl7523::Everytime I see Josh Smith bring the ball up the court I shake my head  and yell.....YOUR NOT A POINT GUARD IDIOT!!!!!!
mleechin219::Canadian Conspiracy! 4th apology this season. American refs don't want to see a Canadian team win, pure and simple. The Raptors would easily be in the 8th spot if it wasn't for the refs.  Not even a video replay?
C-Jammin::Nice to put another W up, but there is no denying that we kind of stole one.  That was a clear missed call at the end.
CAJE1994::Should have kept Davis; has too much upside
RHL6788::Another apology coming from The NBA !! How many is that this year?
sportsdude416905::Just for the raps, this will be #4.  In the league it will be #7.
DBlock044::Good Job Hawks and keep over archiving this year.
nirvanarox67::Ive been using a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. im making around 2-3k a month profits using this systems picks so far. You will find more on the system by searching for sports betting systems on Google
vickfan770::hawks fan here. foul should have been called on last play
rmaci1444::This is not a great day for the NBA .... to have the Raptors lose game after game due to bad calls and have the NBA say after the fact " sorry we missed it" is a professional disappointment and in my opinion reflects on the NBA's recruitment policy on bringing in the best officiating talent into the league. If I was a Raptor player taking the court today after what has happened so far this season .. I could not be blamed if I entered the game thinking we are not playing on a level playing field. The Raptor coach tonight indicated his concerns and will be probably be writing a check to the NBA. The NBA I am guessing will react with a " how dare you challenge our officiating"  They should be analyzing why one team more than any other in the NBA has these calls/non calls made on them. This comes down to the most basic element "fairness in sport". If Raptors continue to be the brunt of officials in the last minute missing calls I fear for the future of the sport outside of the USA . The Raptor coach has coached on both sides of the border .. he is an American .. when he issues a concern ... I get concerned for the future of the sport..
Blockparty187::4th time this year for the Raptors 2nd in as many weeks. Just keep the apologies coming though NBA it will really help in the long run.
Tommy72931::well said.
fromaholeintheground::how long till obama steps in.....
Aflyne::2012-13 Toronto Raptors winners of the "Most games lost due to poor officiating"
Area55andG2::nothing but respect for Dwayne Casey. The NBA refs in general have been awful recently and always kick the lesser teams to the curb. it's ridiculous. I'm glad he spoke out about this.
Votto4mvp005065::didnt get the call at the end ?  big whoop shuda played better for the other 47 and a half minutes so you wouldnt rely on that 1 call lol
Speed Dating Seminar Host::Raptors are going to lead the NBA in being apologized to by the league for bad non calls.
ElPlywood::Post game Dwane Casey, not coming anywhere close to how p*ssed he should have been:  "I’m tired of this. I’m tired of losing games because of missed calls at the end of the game. I know the league’s going to come down on me but I don’t care. These guys have fought their hearts out, played their hearts out, and at the end of the game we get cracked, [then and] apology, and we go home back to Canada. It’s happened too many times. I’ve been in this league 18 years and I’ve never seen as many missed calls at the end of the game to cost us the game. We have great officials in this game, we have good officials, and too good to miss calls and short-change these young men like that. It’s not right. It’s not right for these guys to play their hearts out and then come up on a missed call at the end of the game. I wouldn’t just say this, I watched it three or four times, hoping that they missed it but they didn’t."
upl8dawg::Using a bet system called sportsbettingstar. Ive made 2-3k a month the past few months using the system. You can learn more on the system by searching online for basketball betting systems
Qiox::A betting system so good that you can't even afford to pay for advertising?!  You instead leech off the work of other businesses and spam their forums.  Why would anyone be interested in something that is such an obvious failure?
ElPlywood::My neighbour used your betting system.  He lost everything.  He committed suicide.  Nice system, ay-hole.
upl8dawg::Been using a bet system called sportsbettingstar. Ive made 2-3k a month the past couple of months now using this systems picks. You can find the system on the first page of google by searching for sports betting systems
mizsioux::We should have made the trade after the game today
lemawe13::I think gay will be good at penetrating down the hole.
Neonridr::lol, see what you did there?? XD
hussein623::LOL
EoaRider::HAWKS GOING TO LOSE J SMOOTH HAHAHAHA
hussein623::actually he himself said he does wanna play in ATL
EoaRider::ya but he leavin he doesnt want to play in atl
EoaRider::actually i think pau wud b nice on ATL
braveandme::we prefer the younger star on the rise, rather then the ex-star on the decline
hussein623::no ill take your mother and a first round pick with it
ynot1825::EoaRider - haha id kick ur fkin teeth in goof fukboi pusshole  your mom's a hoe?
hussein623::EoaRider - haha id kick ur fkin teeth in goof fukboi pusshole  you have never been to school have you?
EoaRider::haha id kick ur fkin teeth in goof fukboi pusshole
braveandme::1. We probably arent 2. That wouldnt be horrible, teams would be willing to give up A LOT, and smith makes some stupid mistakes
braveandme::well the lakers were begging for pau gasol trade. But no way we give up that little
EoaRider::who u gunna get for him aaron roszel and felisha atkins?
Neonridr::So is there honestly any consequences for the Officials to come out and say "We should have called the foul on that play at the end of the game".  Assuming the Refs do make some sort of announcement about the last play of the game tonight, this would mark the third time the Refs will have done so in regards to the Raptors.  Do the Refs get fined?  Or penalized?  Or is it just a way for them to try to say "My Bad" ?
ElPlywood::"It's usually our fault the game's so close (blowing 4th quarter leads)" = ENTIRELY IRRELEVANT  A foul is a foul is a foul.
raptors_nba_champs::Pretty disappointed at these late-game non-calls. It's usually our fault the game's so close (blowing 4th quarter leads), but this is about the 5th time the refs haven't called a last second foul for the Raps! We could have 21-23 wins!
JoeyDorsey4MVP::Yeah, the NBA punishes them..but it's kept in house.
braveandme::Quiznakes Funny cuz the Raptors roster is much more solid than the Hawks roster so if the Raptors suck then the Hawks arent far behind.-----------------------  Funny, each team's record says otherwise
braveandme::Quiznakes Funny cuz the Raptors roster is much more solid than the Hawks roster so if the Raptors suck then the Hawks arent far behind.-----------------------  Funny, each team's record says otherwise
Neonridr::yeah that's a ridiculous statement.  The Raps have some young talent and some hard working blue collared players, but no way do we match up..
hussein623::quiznakes is a ret@rd for saying the raps have a more solid roster, thats stupid, just plain stupid?  lou will, teague, smoove, horford, korver, stevenson, pachulia, jenkins, harris etc.&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;derozan, gay, gray, johnson, lowry etc.
braveandme::Who cares about ur opinion. U would think the Lakers would have the best team in the league, by roster. All that matters is winning games
Quiznakes::Lowry vs Teague.  Derozan vs Harris??? Gay vs Smoove, Bargnani vs Horford and Valanciunas vs Pachulia??? Take your blinders off, but let's keep goin: Terrence Ross, Amir Johnson, Alan Anderson, Kleiza n Fields vs Korver, Stevenson Johnson Jenkins n Lou Will(oops, ACL)??? Lol! But I'm a $@%!$@? Ur centre(Pachulia) is garbage so u play Horford at the 5 to compensate. Nobody takin Pachulia over Valenciunas. Nobody takin Harris over Derozan. Lowry n Teague is a wash. J-Smoove still hasnt figured out to stop jackin 3s into his 9th season n is shootin an amazin 49% from the stripe. Bargnani can stroke but doesnt play d. So to review, undersized backcourt, undersized frontcourt, no depth off the bench with Lou out...but you think the roster is solid? Lol thanks for a good laugh.
braveandme::apologies on the double post
knicks_112ndcoming::thank god the raptors signed landry fields to that max contract
ball 5o hard::the SERIOUS question is------  when will the raptors have rudy gay on NBA 2k13?
nargash::Sunday..!!
ball 5o hard::at least the raptors are getting RUDY GAY!! come on baby!!
Neonridr::is it a bad thing?  Gay's numbers aren't too shabby..
Masterofidiots::The last thing the raptors need is another inefficient volume scorer.
Neonridr::I'll take the 17 PPG
braveandme::40% shooting isnt amazing
braveandme::is that supposed to be a good thing?
sbmckay::Casey just popped off at the refs in the post game, DON'T BLAME HM
Blockparty187::Missed a call in the Bulls game last week. Amir Johnson should have been shooting 2 FT with 1 second on the clock but instead gave them the ball out of bounds on the sideline. I realize the Raptors are not a good team but this is the 4th time this year the league has had to send them an apology for a blown call. Take those away and they would at least be in the discussion for the last playoff spot in the East.
Quiznakes::Don't forget the no-call during the Bobcats game. 2 apologies down, 1 to go.
braveandme::i thought u werent a raptors fan....u sure seem like one...
Neonridr::He did that in the Sixers game too, challenged the refs to take a GOOD look at the last play of the game, next day, the refs admitted their mistake.
EoaRider::About time
hussein623::yall raptors fans should stop complaining about the refs so much and just face it. You lost.
hussein623::exactly
hussein623::the sucky raps lost. a win is a win no matter how you get it. ok yeah it was a very embarrassing win for the hawks, but hey, i'll take it! winning by 1 point is the same as winning by 30 points
Neonridr::depends on the team they are playing I guess, but yes, a win is a win..
Neonridr::what's worse, that the "sucky" Raps lost or that the Hawks had to go down to the wire to beat this "sucky" team?
braveandme::how about being a realist? We won, u lost
Quiznakes::U tryin so hard to justify the no-call but the NBA will pull out another apology for the 3rd time in the season. Even Shaq n the guys in the studio say it was obvious. Be a fan...not a fanatic.
Neonridr::lol, yes they do.. but have you looked at their lineup.. a bunch of D-League scrubs and Demar Derozan..
braveandme::in the nba, any team can beat one another. No team truly sucks, however, in the over all picture, the raptors suck
hussein623::yeah i totally agree with braveandme. sucky teams blame the refs when they lose
hussein623::well crying about it isnt gonna change the fact that the raptors lost is what im trynna say. But sure go ahead cry all you want, i was thinking yall may wanna save the crying for when Gay puts on a raptors uniform.
braveandme::if u didnt notice, Teague was also fouled with a minute left, and had no call. At the end of the day, you had a chance to win, and lost. Your team's fault, not the refs
EoaRider::be quiet you guys are the one's talking ish about the raps when you guys know you won on a BS call
braveandme::amen. They think a blown call in a relatively meaningless nba game sucks....we had to go through this in the NFC championship
Neonridr::yep, Raps didn't execute properly down the stretch and it hurt them, yes the Horford dunk was ridiculous, and Gray should be slapped for such a mistake..  Ultimately I don't care, because I know the Raps aren't going to do anything this year, so I would rather them finish lower in the standings to get a better draft pick rather than finishing 10th or 11th.  Heck or even sneaking in as the 8th seed only to be crushed by Miami or someone..
braveandme::Oh, ya, we totally blew that game and its overall our fault. A no-call happened late which didnt help. But it was our fault for the loss, not the refs, kinda like how its the raptors fault here
Neonridr::wait weren't Atlanta up huge in the 4th quarter of that game?  You're telling me that the refs blew every call in the 4th quarter?  I mean isn't it the same thing?  If Atlanta hadn't put themselves in that position by blowing the lead, then maybe the refs blowing that one call wouldn't have mattered...  wow, sound familiar?
Masterofidiots::they're legitimate complaints - don't let your fan bias tell you otherwise.
upl8dawg::I have been using a betting system called Sportsbettingstar the past couple of months. ive made between 2-3k a month profits using this systems picks. If you search google for sports betting systems you will find out more on how this system works.
Neonridr::Oh well, good game Hawks.. it was a battle, I was surprised the Raps were able to stay in it as long as they did.. tough ending, but those things happen I guess.. maybe it'll help build character for the Raps in the long run..
EoaRider::Hey guys just got home what happened looks like another heart breaker
Neonridr::Hawks up by 1, late in the game, Derozan appeared to be fouled by Horford as he went up for a shot, but the refs didn't call it.  Game ended, Hawks won.  We'll see if the Refs admit anything tomorrow.
EoaRider::I had a feeling something dumb like that happened just a bad year wow
braveandme::You left Horford wide open for a go-ahead dunk with under 30 seconds left.....but im guessing ur fans will say refs missed an arguable late-fall on Derozan
braveandme::True story^
deanpitt88::There are the brave... then, apparently, there is you.
Quiznakes::3rd apology is on the way from the NBA...
hussein623::in the end the hawks won, thats all that matters
Quiznakes::Sorry, buddy. Not a Raptors fan. Still find it funny that the Hawks needed saving by the refs against a "sucky" team with no Calderon, Gay, Bargnani, Valanciunas, Kleiza, and Lowry having back spasms. Hawks are undersized, have no punch off the bench with Lou gone and are still lookin to move J-Smoove before he gets suspended again. Lol. Great win tho.
braveandme::the record says otherwise
Quiznakes::Funny cuz the Raptors roster is much more solid than the Hawks roster so if the Raptors suck then the Hawks arent far behind.
braveandme::it is the Nba, any team can win any night. So the raptors can beat any team, sure, but in the overall NBA picture, yes, they suck.
EoaRider::Toronto&gt;ATL full of closet queers
braveandme::wow.....u sir are an @sshole. Even if we did have gays, that's not a bad thing. I hope not all men from Toronto are as pathetic as you
EoaRider::You also have the NBA's worst fans
braveandme::and you still live in Canada.
braveandme::It will address how sincerely sorry they are that your team sucks so much
Aron3411::Yeah I honestly hope Toronto fails really bad with gay so they Can get 4 pick
braveandme::ummm are u serious?? We have a ton of cap space and an overachieving team. This was supposed to be a rebuilding year...and we are still good
EoaRider::Atlanta has 0 future can barely be toronto at home with out gay , valinicous and barni the re $@%!
INTERSTATE_20GA::lol
UptonUptonAndHeyward_____A-Town_Slugfest::@ChrisBroussardESPN  "The sources of my sources reporting that David Stern has blocked the Rudy Gay to Toronto trade; Gay to the Heat"
t.o.rap::the heat are gay.........lebron,wade and bosh=gay love triangle
Manuel Karem::Jose Calderon would have drawn that call...
Neonridr::I bet Rudy Gay would get that call..
t.o.rap::the nba is $@%! bulllshyt there is a conspiracy againts the raptors and the league will never let them win let alone make the playoffs.....the refs gave away 7 games this year
t.o.rap::i've been in toronto and ive been to atlanta.........toronto is ten times better place to live...atlanta is a S H I T hole
cross-checking::They shouldn't make it so obvious!!!
braveandme::Here's another thought.......The raptors simply suck
Alex_TO::You do have some pretty good pitchers, and trust me, I would not the Jays to face the braves more than once a season
braveandme::True, blue jays will be solid, but i still think we have the best pitchers in the game (including bullpen)
Alex_TO::I'm in no delusion that the Raptors are anything better than mediocre in this league,   and going back to the other topic, we shall see when the season starts
braveandme::maybe, just maybe. If u didnt chuck up a stupid shot with 7 seconds u would have won. Or if u guarded horford, our best player, you would have won. Blame your play, not the refs
cross-checking::Hawks need the refs on their side to win this game!!!  Says a lot about the Hawks!!!
michaelmac21::And yet Atlanta needed the refs to bail them  out when they were playing against half a lineup....
braveandme::1. This is basketball 2. NO
Alex_TO::Blue Jays have way better starting pitchers than the Braves
yodey504::What a bad no call
jahannah::Refs swallow their whistles late in the game.  It's a fact that every team has to face.
jahannah::They sure swallowed it when Pierce mugged Smith a few games ago.
braveandme::unless the hawks are playing Carmelo anthony and the Knicks. "Then they call fouls when Josh Smith breathes in Melo's direction
INTERSTATE_20GA::Well, it was plenty of those...we'll call it even
braveandme::check out the SF vs Atl playoff game for a horrible no call. This was nothing compared to that
braveandme::Raptors fans, dont be complaining about a late no-call  Roddy White was beyond hacked on that 4th down vs San francisco and we got no call. And that game was 100X more important than this
Neonridr::yep, was a bad shot first off no doubt, but refs can't miss a call like that right at the end of a game.. no excuse..
michaelmac21::so you admit that it was a blown call?
braveandme::U still shouldnt have chucked up that stupid shot. and im sure there are plenty of other plays that happened in the game that u should have made that were costly.
Neonridr::okay, so say Gray does his job and instead Smith hits a tough jumper with a hand in his face.. Now play out the end of the game the same way, would it still be our fault?
braveandme::Yes. I also admit that the Raptors should have never been in that situation, if they didnt leave our best player wide open for a go-ahead dunk. At the end of the day, its your team that decides the outcome, not the refs
UptonUptonAndHeyward_____A-Town_Slugfest::Raptors were getting away with illegal screens all night..no calls.
Alex_TO::Gray was playing, what do you expect
Lemuel7043::How many Offensive fouls were called against Hawks?. Right.
JoeyDorsey4MVP::The Hawks didn't adjust, not the refs fault.
ant108::Time to fine the Refs
ant108::they can review a block that went out of play but they cant review a damn game changing shooting foul
Lemuel7043::lol what a terrible logic
cross-checking::I really do not know what constitutes a foul in the NBA.  It's really confusing!!!
Alex_TO::It all depends on your stardom in the league
RNYC::Hang in there hawks. Keep grinding.
UptonUptonAndHeyward_____A-Town_Slugfest::Braves Lineup &gt; Blue Jays Lineup
Neonridr::lol, good luck with that.. Jays are favored 7.5:1 to win the WS in Vegas..
braveandme::we have a better outfield and pitching staff. And r infields r close. And a way better bullpen
gri400::i dont care about the foul call one bit, refs suck so this was nothing new.  WHY THE HELL WAS DOUBLE A SHOOTING A BAD SHOT WITH 8 SECONDS LEFT???
Neonridr::absolutely, if there was like 2 seconds left, ok, maybe..  but there was still tons of time to work it around..
reggieinatl::Gay Rudy  -Yoda
