Ronny::Funny how when you say something about Rubio THATS SO TRUE you get the majority thumbs down. Are the Wolves fans so SHALLOW they WONT see this guy is a bust. I loved Bobby Hurley but he couldn't cut it in the NBA.
elemental1::"South Park" is obviously the new handle for the longtime Minnesota troll who also goes by Barney, Michael Scott, Davy Crockett, Turd Ferguson, and several other IDs.
Cyril::Hopefully Brian Shaw realizes that their win streak coincided with Faried getting the starter's minutes that he deserves.  Utah was an easy win, LA wasn't exactly a challenge, but this game proved they are on the way up.  Getting Chandler back has definitely helped as well.  I hope that Iman Shumpert trade rumor is dead, unless the Knicks want McGee for him.
J::I am honestly not a Ricky Rubio fan. He doesn't average more than 10 points per game! 6-8 dimes are good, but when you got Kevin Martin at twin guard scoring 24+ PPG, you might lose your purpose of a PG. I think Rubio should have opportunities to score more, instead of his teammates treating him wrong always saying "Don't shoot! I'm open! Pass!" when the defender is right in their face. If MIN would take my advice Rubio would have 15 PPG by now.
Dan::Wolves got a taste of their own medicine getting rocked in the first quarter, something they've done to many opponents this season. Wolves got it down to 52-50 now though. Go Wolves!
Asphen::i agree Rubio should has more ppt but his shooting is really bad and still hasn't improved in this season.
Ronald::Love is a LEGIT MVP candidate. How about Heat trade Bosh to Love so Kevin could get his ring. LBJ and Wade will show him the ropes how to win and be a champion.
lade10101::I do not understand why we got rid of Brewer?
Dan::Can't be giving up 86 points in 36 minutes and expect to win a lot of games. Thankfully the Wolves        offense is very good and will keep them in a lot of ballgames when the defense has a major letdown. Only down five headed to the fourth quarter. Wolves!
Keith::kevin lust  will win MVP this year if he can avoid injury.
