me::As long as the Bulls keep losing, I am happy with that.  I am a fan......but I want a championship, and the only that is possible is for the Bulls to luck into a top talented draft pick again, like they did with Rose. The way I figure it, if and when Deng or Noah, Hinrich, and maybe Boozer go down to a series of injuries, the team will not be able to win as much as they valiantly try.  This means a top talent in the draft, and hopefully if Rose comes back, hopefully a big man, or true shooting guard, the team will finally have the requisite two scorers necessary that it takes to win a championship.
Ken::Go ahead and blame the entire city of Chicago for losing again in overtime, because their players couldn't make a darn play to win it in overtime.
Andrew F::Play the game until one side collapses.
another1::Unintentional tanking of the Chicago Bulls.
Giovanni::You lost to a pelican. Ouch.
a yahoo user::The better team won tonight, your mighty New Orleans Pelicans. The cream rises to the top. As long as the overrated Chicago Bull$$$ continue to have the big sloppy, clumsy, stupid, idiots in the paint (Boozer, Taj Mahal Gibson, Noah) they will not beat better teams (Western Conference teams, Indiana Pacers, Heat , Atlanta Hawks, Cleveland Cavaliers, etc). They will not go far into the playoffs with or without D Rose. They have streaky shooting guards, sloppy idiots in  paint (forwards/centers) and a loud, gruffy voiced stupid coach, Tom Tippytoes calling the shots. Same #$%$ every  year for the past few seasons. In fact, they might not even make the postseason and finish with a losing season. But, then again the Eastern Conference as overall  sucks minus 2 or 3 teams, so the Bulls might still make the playoffs under .500.
none::Why is mike dunleavy, still on this team?  trade him to anyone, cubs, anywhere
mark::Coach Tippitoes is going to burnout poor Marquis Teague if he keeps playing him this many minutes.
Arjay::What a classic!
FLASH or GEO::Where was Carlos Boozer?  Benched? Or was he declared "amnesty" and left the team?
