EEDUARDO4689::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5mgDObq7hWU
Heat or Die::Real talk... Not being bias, CP3 has a great case this year to be the league MVP.. He's completely turned that team around and they are so much better with him on the squad... They have a bright future and I think if they can keep the same core guys and Bledsoe returns, they have at the very least a Finals appearance coming up in the next few years
r8rdixie5::Philly fans have no class. Forgot about that.
Side.Kick.Hang.Lip::i like to re-hash un-true comments that have already been made a 1000 times too.  who're your teams?  bet i could say the same thing about you.
raina.roo@gmail.com::The Clippers have already beaten EVERY good team in the nba this season, cept chi, who they welcome the rematch.  wait till they fatten up on the bad teams.  the Cleav game was an aberration because they were still bummed about loosing mr BigShot.  No more.  ready to continue to smash fools.  when mo get used to being a starter again, we will really see the "flight"
Clipshow07::Well said, except I think they are going to keep Mo coming off the bench. I still think we need one more legitimate scorer. Foye is really going to need to step his game up. If we can get him consistently scoring around 15 a game like he did for a stretch last year when he started, then we should be fine.
carzrcool8769::http://www.the-outfielder.com/2012/02/linsanity-in-full-force.html Linsanity
U__MAD__BRO::.
Clipshow07::Also, Olshey for GM of the year. How good is this trade looking now that Eric Gordon has barely even played a game this year (2 actually) and that Caveturd is getting run in NO because they realized how completely awful he is at basketball. Where are you people who were saying it was the wrong move to trade Eric Gordon??????????????????????????????????? Hello?????????????????
r8rdixie5::I thought a bunch of old white people lived in Maine.
JDiddy8720::And by the way, since were one of the people who commented on my accusation of a travel, I play at the University of Maine so I know basketball. You are a biased Clippers fan who added the 07 to make it seem like you been a fan since 2007. Getting to my point now, he shuffled his feet and THEN stepped back and took the shot. Watch the game objectively. Iggy had no chance to block the shot. Just another example of how the NBA takes away from fundamental basketball. Allowing star players to bend the rules to promote offense. My coach was just asking us this at this morning's shootaround and some guys said it wasn't a travel and they ended up running a few suicides for not knowing the difference. If you know basketball, then you know CP3 traveled.
Clipshow07::Do yourself a favor and take an english class while you are going to school there at Maine.
JDiddy8720::I just came back on to check this and Clipshow, your remarks are so weak...... Just because I don't agree with your statement, you are trying to tell me that my school is division 4. That is so dumb. America East conference you idiot.
sly86921::or you dont play basketball at all. You can shuffle your feet all you want when you are dribbling the ball. GO watch it again. When he stops dribbling the ball his right foot is the pivot foot. It does not move and he moves his left foot back twice for the jumpshot. Wow you try to act like you know anything. Idiot
Clipshow07::Yeah, but this guy PLAYS at the University of Maine, so he knows.......
gt1master_ike::I just rewatched it on youtube in better quality. THat is not a travel anywhere.
Clipshow07::University of Maine? Is that is the US?? Is that like division 4 basketball? So basically you play intramural hoops? Yeah, I play every weekend down at the beach probably at a higher level then you do at the University of Maine. I guarantee I could ball you upside your head...no traveling necessar!
Clipshow07::You need to stop sniveling over this play. You are just completely butt hurt Paul the assassin killed you. Traveling happens on just about every play in the NBA. If you play basketball like you say, then you should know this happens in the NBA ALL THE TIIME! Stop making yourself look like a whining tool and get over it.
JDiddy8720::Watch the quick shuffle of his feet before the step back.
JDiddy8720::Wow. Then you are too accustomed to NBA basketball. If you actually PLAYED, then you would know the difference.
gt1master_ike::Wow he held his pivot shot after he stopped his motion. That was definitely not a travel.
JDiddy8720::Paul &amp; LeBron are the biggest "travelers" in the NBA.
Clipshow07::Btw, that phantom push foul call on Caron at the end was complete garbage. I would've been so mad if that would've lost the game for us. Lucky for us, CP3 just a nasty assassin! Great defense we played on Lou Williams too on the final possession. Reggie Evans is so dam fun to watch - in that 4th quarter at one point he snagged like 5 offensive boards in a row.....now if he could just score a few buckets every so often....
Clipshow07::Wow Clips with yet ANOTHER gritty win!! Unreal shot by CP3, how does he get that over Iggy??? That was a fun game to watch even though it was so low scoring. It was fun watching Blake vs. Elton. I really miss Elton and I'm glad he's still playing well post-achilles injury. Sixers have so much balance it's scary. Remember, they were missing Spencer Hawes in this game.
cadarn1::great game to watch.  I have a lot of concerns with Chris Paul having to do so much, it's just going to increase his chances of another injury.  He can't maintain this every game.
tjbey2000::Buttom line is the 76ers dictated that game, missed 12 free throws and gave it away, CP3 couldnt sniff the paint the entire game, esp 2nd half, the clippers never made a transition dunk or layup the entire game, couldnt score 80,  and won the game by one when the 76ers missed 12 free throws, got a 5 second call with 1 min to play, and didnt even get off a last shot, and still only lost by 1
cadarn1::76ers lost because offense always beats defense
cadarn1::76ers lost because they aren't that good and have no finishers.
r8rdixie5::Wow the 76ers must suck then. Imagine if the Clippers did ONE thing right.
Clipshow07::HAAAAAA my point exactly!!!
gt1master_ike::They actually missed 8 free throws not 12.
tjbey2000::yup just another bball game, clips won
venator360::So all I got out of that is that the Clippers won.
Clipshow07::Again, by giving the Clips very little credit for this win, you are making your own team look like garbage. You sound super butt hurt that the Clips out gritted you guys for that win. It was an ugly game all around for both teams really. Whining that the Clips couldn't score 80 points....how many points did you guys score???
Clipshow07::$@% for tat guy, $@% for tat
tjbey2000::it wasnt an ugly game for both squads, the 76ers defense makes every offense they play look ugly, thats why they have the best defense in basketball, they missed 12 free throws they deserved to lose for that reason alone. tp answer your question the 76ers scored 77 and missed 12 free throws, the offense was there, they missed free throws
Mattdawg835::CP3 doing what the 2012 MVP does....he's greatness!...nobody makes chicken salad better than CP3...lose Chauncey...and the chosen one wins again with inferior talent.
longoriapaul::Chris paul is easy MVP over Lebron, because it's not the PWBS award, the player with best stats. Whose team won when they played? The Clippers. Who has more talent around him? Lebron. Who is more clutch? CP3. This is a no brainer.
Travis Berger::Sixers finish 6th in conference
tjbey2000::uh, ok, yea um ,right, sure they will, it only took 30 games for them to lose back to back games...They just went 4-3 on what is the hardest 7 games on the schedule for the ENTIRE SEASON.. But yea 6th seed
Travis Berger::Sixers finish 6th in conference
JDiddy8720::Anybody else notice that Chris Paul traveled TWICE on the game-winner?
Clipshow07::Nowhere even near the type of travels Prince James and Scorbe get away with....
tjbey2000::I didnt see a travel either, CP3 made a great shot, thats what great players do
Mattdawg835::nope....did not see any travels
sly86921::so explain how it was a travel? he dribbled and took 2 steps. Thats allowed in the nba sir. Maybe you should stop whining. The refs tried to hand the sixers that game with the ridiculous foul call on butler when he had his hands on the ball and williams dove at him. GOod try tho
Clipshow07::THANK YOU sly86921!!
sly86921::so how much of a 76ers bias fan are you? they were both running for the basketball and butler grabbed for the ball adn stopped. Williams ran and dove. Did they make contact? they certainly did but by no means was it butler pushing williams. If that was a foul than butler being held trying to go after the ball should have been a foul.   Maybe you should also watch the game again. Jordan had a least 2 dunks and griffen had one or 2. cp3 was whereever he wanted to be. He didnt hit any 3's so that means he was near and in the paint. They scored 78 pts and still won. The refs did everything they could to help the 76ers and they still couldnt hit any free throws to win it. blame your team for sucking. Clippers did all they had to do to win. Thats all that matters. Dont matter if they won playing great or terrible. All you are showing is how bad the 76ers are that they controlled the game, clippers played terrible and they still won .
Clipshow07::So your team sucks even more that they couldn't beat a team that couldn't do all of this.....HAAAAAAAAA!!!
tjbey2000::what credit should i give the clippers ? They couldnt score, couldnt get to the paint, CP3 couldnt even get in the paINT, Had no transition baskets at all, no dunks, no layups, the 76ers dictated the game, and missed 12 free throws
tjbey2000::ofcourse Im trashing my team, they missed 12 free throws, thats absolutely unacceptable
kkool101::Butlers foul wasnt even a foul he dove for the ball butler didnt even touch him!!!
Clipshow07::I totally disagree with you. Caron barely touched him. Lou would've went flying out of bounds by himself because of his momentum. Horrible bailout homecooking call....and you guys still couldn't win! The fact they you are trying to degrade the win for the Clips just makes your team look that much worse. By giving us no credit you are trashing your own team guy.
longoriapaul::Ha! You were at the game because you are a 76ers fan!
tjbey2000::i was at the game, if that wasnt a foul by Butler than they must have been playing football, who cares if his hands were on the ball ? You cant run through an opposing player bud, Lou clearly had position thats his spot you cant blow him out of bounds wheather your  touching the ball or not, not sure how lou dove at Butler he ended up 3 feet out of bounds ...   Clippers pooped them selves and Sixeers bailed them out with 12 MISSED FREE THROWS, The clippers couldnt get to the paint, couldnt get a layup, couldnt dunk it once, cp3 couldnt get in the paint, they scored 78 points, got schooled, and the 76ers missed 12 free throws
surfzone365::Exciting end to a game.  Clippers are legit!  Bulls vs Clippers Finals!
James8575::are you high?
longoriapaul::Clippers are too deep for the Thunder.
gianluchisti::MANIPULATIVE MATCH : toronto - boston    because BOSTON want arrive #7   and must pay $$$$$$$ for GARNETT PIERCE ALLEN ...    IN PLAYOFF one lost 4-1 or 4-2 vs MIAMI or CHICAGO is GOOD....   respect 4-0 vs PHILADELPHIA 76rs !!!     (my favourite team are SPURS , NUGGETS and SIENA ... i don't have cause for speak the false ...)   ( i live in ITALY - TUSCANY - SIENA - PALIO of SIENA )
MirBay_Watson::I was at the game last night. Something HAS to be done about the free throw shooting. For Collins to be such a stickler on total team effort, the Sixers have STUNK at the line this year.  They did almost everything right on D to win this game....except Brand standing around, lettin Reggie outhustle him on like three seperate occasions. But the offensive gets NO points in the paint, takes WAY too many jump shots, and can't close the FT line gap. That has to change. Maybe when Hawes finally comes back, it will improve.  BTW: Lavoy Allen has been severely undervalued this year. That rookie is tough.
Way Klaro::Clippers has a sick line up! They should win Championships if the coach will do his job.
Soonerhopeful1::I was wondering if the " BobCats  Run to a Championship"    would begin this next game with the Clippers...?
vdawg77::Bobcats will clealy win it all this season in 6 over the wariors.
vdawg77::cp3 is mr 4th quarter, jameer who?
toga434::Chris Paul -- Jameer used to run circles around you in college. there's a reason why you don't have a championship, cause you are terrible in post-season
Mattdawg835::CP3 has had inferior talent and he still makes chicken salad
SaintsNO9::lol u are an idiot. his postseason numbers are more impressive than his reg season numbers.
dumbNBAfans1::CP3 &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Jameer
jefarr::Division leading Clippers?  Did I hear that right?
Soonerhopeful1::But can the Clippers get a win at the " Tough Bobcats " ?
sickslickvick23::agreed great win, sure it was by one but you got to look at it this way...they are getting there act together as far as fighting it out to the final buzzer where they were not doing that before...glad to see that they are fighting to the end of the game...btw, where are all the so-called lakers fans that always come on here to talk ish about the clipps just to hate? oh yeah thats right they can't b/c they got lin'd today ha ha
toga434::lakers + clippers = average
AGon334::Great win on the road for Clippers...CP3
toga434::CP3 = weak point guard in post season ask meer meer
vdawg77::you must did'nt saw the way cp3 went of on the lakers last year with no help or when he literaly ran thru dallas years b4 and gave san ant all they sould handle. Matter of fact go check his playoff career stats waaaay better then jameer's. Cp3 was and is a legit mvp canidate can we say the same about mr nelson HELL NO never.
muncieplumbers::big road win for the clips.... evans is a beast
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Way to come back after that no D 1st quarter performance y'all gave, Clippers.
Spursdc::Damn 6ers what happened
Soonerhopeful1::Two good teams, and game could have gone either way..!   Good defense on both sides, and great hustle..!   Good luck 6'ers.. !
eessbb12::We lost by one to a good $@% team...And?
acphillyfan1::Last  3 clipper buckets....unreal
bluedevils1148::Reggie Evans outmanning everyone and missed free throws.
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Youth and inexperience.
tmh5166::Easily two walks that should have gone the sixers way in the 4th quarter.
sly86921::haha and what about all the fouls that were called that went the 76ers way? Clippers had 8 more fouls and 76ers only had 15 fouls in an NBA game? The ridiculous push call against Butler at the end of the game that like williams go to the line to take the lead. Refs tried to hand the 76ers that game. Lou williams and meeks walked 2 or 3 times also. Stop making excuses
bluedevils1148::I was there. Griffin walked at least three times, as did Paul.
Meninga::this is a HUGE win for the clippers, chris paul pulling out the dagger
toga434::lucky no-call on the road
AceManCometh03::that last possession was disgraceful. with 3.7 seconds left a better play has to be drawn up.
tunjibadejo::the clippers are clearly missing a shooting guard with or without billups, they can get into the WCF with this problem but to have a shot at beating okc,chicago or the heat, they have to have consistent shooters who paul can feed. clearly paul wasnt 100 percent tonight, but still gave a decent show and a game winning shot. clippers should go for JR Smith or even trade foye + gomes for a decent shooting guard.
vdawg77::Ur right Gomes trash $@% has gotta go.
ChicagoSportsFTW8510::Only 720 comments?  The Clipp bandwagon died fast with Billips going down
sickslickvick23::the fakers got ran by lin 2day ha ha
kkool101::Thats cause Clipper fans have a life and not like Laker fans complaning about everything that they see!!!!!  And the "banwagon fans" arent because of billips
JulieAgain_is_as_Dumb_as_a_Rock::Game is on Comcast.  CAN'T WATCH!!!
Chadwik93::$@%!$@% game is on during business hours here buddy.. think a little before posting
Chompster777::WTF philly!!!
thepolishprince215::sixers continue to lose games bc of free throws, jazz, denver, new jersey, now clips. unreal
Chompster777::and spurs
jared575757::well being out rebounded and having more turnovers then the other team does not help either
bigbobrolltide::thumbs up if u think BLAKE GRIFFIN SHOULDVE ENTERED THE DUNK CONTEST
picaac15::Last year was a joke dunking over the hood of a car? Please, dunk over the long side of an 18 wheeler and maybe..
vdawg77::Lmbaooooooo!
kush manbear::thanks fat boy  more breathing room for the bullies
vdawg77::WTF, who the hell is that in ur user pic lmbaooooooo. Best user pic by far.
CoreyGallagherArt::Sixers are 6-7 without Hawes averaging 92.2 ppg, with Spence they're 12-2 and average 102.7 ppg.
PhillyPhever.FlyEaglesFly::he needs to get healthy over the all star break!!
oneandonlyzk5::traded jennings for paul.. great trade (:
oneandonlyzk5::im so confused right now hahaha
daldevs::not so much if you're a clippers fan
PhillyPhever.FlyEaglesFly::if you were a bucks fan that'd be a GREAT trade
PhillyPhever.FlyEaglesFly::are you a bucks fan? haha
daldevs::I wouldn't trade CP3 for all the gold in Africa.
basketballsprettycool::Quit being stupid $@%!$.....Jazz will win it all!!!!!
PhillyPhever.FlyEaglesFly::ECF might be sixers bulls, and the sixers match up well with the bulls...............im just saying.................(knock on wood)
kush manbear::win a playoff series first
PhillyPhever.FlyEaglesFly::good point. getting WAY ahead of myself
picaac15::If that's the case.. Sixers would have to beat the Heat in the Semis.. 2 seed v 3 seed  Best Case: Heat are 1 seed, Bulls 2  Sixers v Bulls Semis - better matchup
PhillyPhever.FlyEaglesFly::yeah like i said earlier, we cant beat any team but the heat. im not sure why them, they might be in our heads
atlkee1787::J.Smith 23 pts, 18 rebs, 5 ast, 3 blks, 2 all star snubs. Deserved it more than Deng, Iggy, Pierce, and Williams
tank_dogg06::Iggy deserves to be there. One of the more underrated players in the league.
oneandonlyzk5::i agree but maybe not pierce.. pierce been very good but the others i agree.
oneandonlyzk5::Clippers and Thunder Western Confrence finals... Sadly i think Thunder will walk away in 6 though.. prove me wrong Clips!
probinson1us::CP over Westbrook gives the Clips a big advantage in that series, as we've already seen.  Westbrook will get caught up in the duel and continue to lose games for them.
bigbobrolltide::yeah i hope so
bigbobrolltide::yeah i think the thunder will play them i think it mite go 7 idk
oneandonlyzk5::yeah i can see it 7.. and if Clips had Billups i think theyd take it.. but you never know hopefully we can ride CP3 and Blake!
bigbobrolltide::THUMBS UP IF U THINK CLIPS WILL WIN IT ALL
bigbobrolltide::lol in the finals? i think it might be the heat vs clips but im not counting the bulls out
hawaiianprince12::Da Bulls in 6!!
bigbobrolltide::CLIPS R BEAST AND BTW ROLLTIDE AND BLAKE FOR MVP
daldevs::If Mario and Eddie are good enough to contribute this year, I think this year's DL will be better than the 2013 line. We could conceivably lose our top 3 DE's in Werner, Carradine and Jenkins. Jenkins and Carradine are seniors so they're gone for sure. Our DT's are ridiculously deep and we have 4 seniors that range from good to great.
daldevs::i can't remember the last time we had this many seniors that actually contribute and aren't scrubs.
bigbobrolltide::ik right? u will have a rly good d-line in maybe even next year bc mario edwards AND eddie goldman will be vets
daldevs::Go 'Noles. Go Clips.
daldevs::FSU's defense is gonna be as dominant as 'Bama's starting in 2012. We're loaded everywhere, especially along the d-line. I can't wait to watch teams try to run on us or block our front. It's gonna be glorious.
bigbobrolltide::yeah it would  u would have a GREAT defense
daldevs::That would be a great matchup.
bigbobrolltide::i have to admit i dont want to play yall in the 2013 or 2014 chikfila kickoff game
daldevs::KMart was pretty clutch too down the stretch. Sixers were getting offensive board after offensive board. Then KM comes in and we start getting boards.
picaac15::******RECAP******* Sixer's 4-3 Past 7 Games: Wins: Bulls, Magic, Hawks, Lakers Losses: Heat, Clippers, Spurs  2 of Three Losses due to a Big Night by the Point Guards  Thoughts?
PhillyPhever.FlyEaglesFly::We have a chance to make a run in the playoffs if someone else knocks off the heat. for some reason we cant seem to beat them, but maybe having hawes against them will help
picaac15::Sixers 3-1 vs East, 1-2 vs West.  Are the Heat the only team stopping the Sixers?
PhillyPhever.FlyEaglesFly::i was just thinking how we have been killed by good point guards all season long. andre and thad are our best defenders and they cant guard PGs so i think turner needs to play more than 12 minutes. All in all though, we have been in every game so we have a chance to make the ECF this year
EaglesDolphins::Not to mention the though losses to Denver and NJ... PGs have killed the Sixers in all of these games.
oakraiders220::Great game... both teams played good defense... 76ers are a very very good team i wouldnt be surprise if they make it to the Eastern Conference Finals vs the Heat... Clips need to add a SG...
PhillyPhever.FlyEaglesFly::Why didn't turner and nik play longer?? anyone know?
PhillyPhever.FlyEaglesFly::i agree. hes a great draft choice, and we are lucky to have him. Doug collins isnt a fan of rookies though. I mean look at turners minutes last year, they were non existent
probinson1us::Vucevic is gonna be good.  He has good skills for a big man.
probinson1us::Not sure.  I'm an SC fan and I know dude was the only reason we made the tourney last year.  He can do anything you want him to.  He just needs to get used to the toughness of the NBA game and he's gonna be an asset.
PhillyPhever.FlyEaglesFly::he has been playing great ball, did he get hurt tho? cause he only played 12
