Ihopethiswillfinallywork::hi
mrbulldog209::Why did green get ejected it was a foul yes but not an F2 , pu$$yfied league the nba is
19Houston75::All that being said, it would be nice to see Harden show up against an "elite" opponent. He's been horrible againt SA, OKC and the one game against Miami.
19Houston75::What I don't understand, is everyone saying they wouldn't want a record set against them, or their favorite team. That's exactly what happened last night. No team in the history of the NBA has ever hit more 3 point shots than the Rockets made last night. It is a record, shared or not. Someone should explain to Mark Jackson, that he is in fact the head coach of a team that allowed the most 3's in an NBA game. His old school approach didn't prevent it.
19Houston75::Damn phone keeps double posting.
19Houston75::I don't think anything in the game was disrespectful. They matched the record.
joebamboo::so if they already tied the record, and as you say, now own the record for most 3's in a game, then trying to make more threes would be running up the score, which is disrespectful, which is why the warriors were fouling.
thunderguy80::McHale just showed he has no respect for any team or the league...your up by 20 at the end of 3 and u keep your starters in until 6 minutes to go in the game...I hope that Houston gets their butts kicked the rest of the season....
GS15844::Right.... if you run up the score its called no respect, if you throw in bench players and basically saying to other coach your team is $@%!, and not worth my starters in most of the 4th quarter its called respect?? seriously? having massive garbage time in the end is a show of respect to the other coach? its like deliberately playing understrengh, that in most countries is a lack of respect by not doing your best.
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::Why would a professional NBA coach even care how bad his team loses after being down by 30+.  Total lack of class shown by Mark Jackson and here I thought he had decent principles "and stuff" !!   black mark on Golden State for that one!
sumodude28::I haven't looked at the standings in a while.... but geez,, the West is way way way better than the East..... Bulls would only be in 7th in the West and that's not including the fact that they play a very weak East heavy schedule.... Losses vs EAST.... Spurs = 3, Memphis = 4, Warriors = 5, Utah = 5, Houston = 5.......   The EAST is truly pathetic as a conference  DET (18-31) are 3-15 vs the West Charlotte (11-36) are 3-19 vs West MIL Bucks (25-22) are 6-10 vs West IND Pacers (30-19) are 12-9 vs West
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::good analysis
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::I took away what a sore loser a millionaire coach and their players can be...this is the golden worst warriors renamed princesses cause they can't take a beat down like an old school coach would appreciate
joebamboo::exactly... WHO CARES.  so stop acting like this win means so damn much.
joebamboo::are you that happy that your 5 game losing streak is over or what?
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::dude who cares..this is a brand new team.  does a brand new car have experience on the road??  no  doh.im enjoying a brand new car!!
joebamboo::There's only 1 thing I took away from this game, and that is that the Rockets fans are the dumbest fans in the NBA
setrue::Stop the whine, Warriors need to man up and play some play if you do not want to be smacked hard.
joebamboo::keep proving my point. We lost, we get it. It's one game, you act like you won the finals. Calm down about it.
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::rockets with j linny lin are exposing dirty teams like the warriors
KnicksGiantsYankeesRangers::stay classy rockets stay classy
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::I lost all respect for the Warriors, Mark Jackson and even Andrew Bogut for that bloody nose he gave J lin and it was no accident if you watch that play!!!!!!
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::go htown go rockets go  (lin-only fans suck)
Gditty22::Heat check....  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z7KsuyQb-1Y  Jeremy Lin delivers.........................................Air Ball?
setrue::"I'll  make sure Rockets won't come close to the record next time..............  I starting fouling them from the beginning of the game."  --Mark Jackson
tempest_ejs::And I thought being old-school meant good ol hard-nosed defense, Not intentionally fouling and close lining a guy just because your team is continuing to get whooped by the Rox 12th man.  Plus, Where was Jackson's philosophy last year when they tanked the last third of the season?!!  Asterisk..
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::I want Jackson's head on a platter!!
tempest_ejs::Asterisk
LightsGoDownIntheCity::Quit crying, Houston won. Get over it
LightsGoDownIntheCity::If you're going to stare down a bench up 30 then no record for you. That simple
tempest_ejs::Oh I'm all over it I'm just pointing out Jackson's  a hypocrite.   Old school my $@%...
tempest_ejs::"We're not going to lay down, Except for the first 46 minutes of the game"
RNYC::Rockets will get destroyed tonight.  Lin will score 9-10 pts.
setrue::Knick will get knocked out of playoff by Miami again.  Love it.
tempest_ejs::Having the best record in Eastern Conference is kinda like being the tallest midget...
setrue::Get back to kissing your boyfriend MElo.  He is lonely for you.
RNYC::31-15.  Love it
Daniel Nelson31::The heat are too slow and to small for the rockets
RNYC::heat are the best defensive team in the league.  All that outburst did was motivate the heat to SHUT HOUSTON DOWN.  Harden will get his but the rest of the squad will look awful
ScrewedUpTexan713::he should started fouling in the 3rd quarter that would of been funny !!!
the1devin::GS needs to take their beating like men.  They are professionals getting paid a lot of money to entertain.  You don't want to give up a record?  Play some defense!
tbest23::Game ball to Morris for sticking up for his teammate. Countless other times guys just act like nothing happened because they're scared. Such as the near beheading in the Pacers series by D Wade and Indiana did nothing about it. Or when DWade karate kicked that dudes junk this year and claimed he was trying to get up? Bynum leveling Barea. Everyone tucked sack between legs and did nothing.
ScrewedUpTexan713::SWISH !!!
Rockets4Life321::Nothing wrong with going for a dunk there by Beverly.  However, the bench stare down was unnecessary and so was the flagrant foul.
wwespn2::Golden state's defense stunk all game. These are men who are paid very well,  so grow a pair and play defense. It's not running up the score. YOU FOULED US FOR FREE THROWS FORCING US TO RUN IT UP. To stop a record to play "spoiler"  for a team that played out of its mind is super petty. Spoiling is saved for ending seasons, or causing playoff seeds to change- not to prevent records with fouling  a team up 30 points 95 feet away from the basket. Mark Jackson said he was going "old school". Whatever that means....as  a Rockets fan i was legitimately thrilled by the results and it was great to be emotionally invested in a game in garbage time. "ONE MORE THREE!" was one of the coolest chants to hear from an NBA crowd. Thank you for depriving us Mark Jackson. I will always remember this. I hope we beat you by 50 in Golden State next Tuesday.
LightsGoDownIntheCity::Once again if Beverly hadn't shown up GS with the stare down up by 30 with 2mins to play then Jackson would've  let houston try for it. And further more what coach wants to be in the history books for allowing most 3s made in a game? If I could stop it I would, why would he just let them have it while acting like children?
nblankenburg::Look, I understand the dismay about running the score up and all, but consider this: these are the best players in the world, and get paid accordingly. These men are paid to play at the highest level from buzzer to buzzer. Golden State didn't, their perimeter defense was bad from the start, and surely they are capable of playing better.  As the trailing team, I would be embarrassed that our opponents would have to play down to our level. As a competitor, I wouldn't want my opponent to let up on my team, I wouldn't want their pity or mercy. I would want my teammates to try harder to play at a level I know they are capable of playing. This isn't Little League, this is THE League.  Step up!
mdastr0_8::can't blame the warriors, if I was a coach and my team was getting stood up in it like that I'd be committing flagrants too  it's a matter of pride
Kevin...Durant::stephan curry was only 3 of 12 and 1 of 5. the 1 three point shot that he made was a half court one.
tbest23::Glass ankles must have been hurting him? All-star? Bwahahahahahaha
Jamison0821::This story makes me laugh. Especially people's reactions. If you saw how Basketball was played in the late 80's to late 90's. This is nothing. Stop being so pissy and sensitive because you didnt get a meaningless record
Jamison0821::That's just Mark's personaility. He doesnt take crap from anyone. Look at his matchups as a player with the Pacers against Ewing and Oakley and Starks. He has carried it over to his Coaching. hes a boss
LightsGoDownIntheCity::That's when basketball was still a sport
ScrewedUpTexan713::yea same thing can be said for houston with wins against ,Knicks(home and away),Memphis,Brooklyn,Bulls,Warriors
bobbydagreat::LOL, if it was meaningless the Warriors wouldn't have been committing flagrant fouls to stop it.
LightsGoDownIntheCity::I can keep going......hawksx2, netsx2, pacers....
LightsGoDownIntheCity::We've beat OKC, the clippersx3, the heat(at home), Denver, can the same be said for Houston?
JPPBully::Whatever helps you cope with last night's beatdown dude
LightsGoDownIntheCity::Why would I be? The warriors are doing just fine while the rockets cling to the 8th seed praying the lakers don't heat up
JPPBully::He's mad lol
bobbydagreat::LOL, U mad bro?
LightsGoDownIntheCity::If the rockets didn't act classless then Houston may have something to brag about besides a train in your baseball park...
bobbydagreat::Yeah, and at the point where he realized that his team was incapable of stopping the 3's without giving up highlight reel dunks, he told them to start playing like crybabies.
LightsGoDownIntheCity::Once again Jackson took offense to Beverly's stare down of the bench which also incited a technical. He let them hit their 3s until that point
ripitoff::i guess lin plays better after the SB
alicia2785::Yall Rockets fans mad at Mark Jackson cause yall team didn't beat that 3-point record, Mark is not the villian here. You, Rocket fans, are for hating on Jackson!!!
bobbydagreat::It was pathetic, but I wouldn't say Rockets fans are mad at that, the only thing they're mad at is that the Warriors started acting like crybaby punks committing flagrant fouls just because they suck at defense.
bobbydagreat::They really aren't, it was obvious what happened, they realized there was no way they could stop the Rockets, so they threw a fit. I don't see how you can't see that.
LightsGoDownIntheCity::Your view of what happened and what actually happened are 2 very different things
Jamison0821::Draymond Green took the foul so he could be first in line for the post game meal
alicia2785::Mark Jackson was right to stop the Rockets from beating that 3-point record against his team. Rockets coach would've done the same thing  if the roles were reverse. Yall just mad cause yall didn't beat that record!!!!
bs042094::who cares. the NBA is trash now. you can't seriously be huge fan of the NBA
farang68::why are you here?
seven72deuce::this whole game was a match up problem. landry and lee are terrible defenders, even worse when having to run out the the perimeter. morris parsons and patterson gave huge problems towards that. the hornets gave the warriors problems. the warriors lost to the bucks as lee was trying to chase ilyasova all game.
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::I lost all respect for how Mark Jackson acted and also just how sorry his team was..overrate piece of shii t!!  and no more hand down man down talk from me
Jamison0821::Yeah and i would expect Houston to stop them like Mark did. this shouldnt be an issue.
bobbydagreat::I would expect the Rockets to play defense and stop them, not be punks and start committing flagrant fouls out of frustration.
Jamison0821::So you are mad at him for fouling but its ok for the Rockets to jack Threes up by 30 to get the record?
bobbydagreat::How is that not ok? The Warriors would have done the same if they had a chance?
alicia2785::Bull Crap!!  Mark handle that situation the old fashion way. I loved it!
bobbydagreat::LOL, yeah that's why, Beverly embarrassed them so they threw a fit.
LightsGoDownIntheCity::Beverly acted like a punk kid, that's when Jackson started to foul, rockets brought it on themselves
bobbydagreat::LightsGoDownIntheCity - Showboat up by 30 and get held to 2's, it's that simple  LOL it was so sad that the Warriors had to resort to fouling because they were so outclassed out there. The Heat are a much better defensive team so I'm sure they'll fare better
LightsGoDownIntheCity::Showboat up by 30 and get held to 2's, it's that simple
bobbydagreat::Yeah, the old fashioned way of realizing you suck and that fouling is the only way you can stop a far superior team.
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::Beverely is a spazz I can't believe someone with so little playing time would risk a technical foul at the end of a blowout game..but maybe Beverely want to show"coach mac" something...or jealous of Lin maybe?
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::hello, rockets blow dem out !!!  Im so upset at the Warriors but the again, I'm glad Rockets kept their priorities of winning over hokey records!!
1953cdw::No matter what the season...or who plays on either team...Golden State can not figure out how to beat the Rockets!!
syapster::Mark Jackson is a B--itch
syapster::Hand down man down, his team got wrecked and he got pissed, so tackle the other team.
alicia2785::Mark Jackson is the MAN!!!  He did nothing wrong!!!
ider1234::Lost a lot of respect for Jackson tonight, hand down man down and your teams hand was down throughout the night. Take your beating like a man or actually defend the perimeter. He should have just grabbed the ball and went home like a diva that way there is 0 chance the big bad rockets embarrass them anymore. I was rooting for the Warriors as an underdog this season but now I just want to see them get blown out night after night.
alicia2785::Love Mark Jackson and I am rooting for the Warriors to win the NBA Championship.
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::I agre 110%  Lost all respect for jackson..hoe as s move
LightsGoDownIntheCity::Fouling the rockets was a direct result of Beverly's actions. It wasn't necessary so the repercussion was that your team was held to 2's. you reap what you sew
dickiedave4.0::The Rockets are getting blown out tonight in MIA.
SUPERKING_22::I remember last season in a game with Knicks against Boston, The Knicks were also shotting 3s at 70% FG and River just gave up the game falf way in 4th b/c he knew some team some day might have a game like this with exceptional shooting FG% against any team. He really shown his maturity and gentlementship as a pro. There is no big deal. NBA is kind of entertainment only. Mark Jackson has no class at all as a coach.
csaeteurn::That was fueled by Beverly's dunk and a taunt that earned a technical after that. That's what you call no class. Who does a taunt while they're up by 30? That's what pissed Jackson off. Warriors were letting them shoot 3's to earn the record until that dunk. They shot and missed two 3's before Beverly made the drive in dunk and taunted.
LightsGoDownIntheCity::This^
azntiger807::I'm a Rockets fan, and I'm okay with the intentional fouling. But you can't blame the Rockets' bench players for putting up threes while up by 30. This is a team where the coach only plays his favorite players, so whatever playing time Patrick Beverly and D-MO get together, they're going to make the most of it. You can't blame the Rockets for how bad Golden State played to put themselves in that situation. I'm sure it will be a different game next week.
azntiger807::I wouldn't be surprised if the next game has a playoff-atmosphere to it.
LightsGoDownIntheCity::It def will
azntiger807::a full court press on Jeremy Lin or forcing Parsons to dribble around his defender or forcing Asik on the high post could have resulted in about 15 turnovers. Those tactics were non-existent. It seemed like GS never left zone ... well, until the 4th.
LightsGoDownIntheCity::Can't win em' all
LightsGoDownIntheCity::GS didn't play poorly, the 98 Bulls would've lost that game. Rockets were incredible
thaisport_sf::The way the Rockets were hitting 3s no team in the league could beat them that day. They had a higher % shooting 3s than 2s at 57.5% to 50.5% respectively.
alanh937::45% from 2, FG% is the percentage of every shot taken. Better D couldve beat them the warriors played zone all night and basically let the rockets take those 3s
strkeout::The funny thing is in baseball, most people have a problem with a team stealing bases when they have a big league. In fact you will get a teammate drilled by a pitch for doing it. In the NBA, it seems to be ok to shoot 3's up by 30.
Justice98::The people that have a problem with it are dopes.  Baseball's unwritten rules are asinine.  Play the game out.  If you don't want me to steal, or shoot 3's, or throw deep, play better.  That's why they invented defense.    There's no mercy rule in pro sports.  You're getting paid to play the full game, not lay down to make the other guy feel better.
LightsGoDownIntheCity::That can be seen from both sides, if you want to continue to run up the score with 3s up by 30 with mins left to play and then stare down the warriors bench then mark Jackson will hold you to 2s
vonsteve6868::Usually it's because they don't want to go inside and get banged up with such a big lead.
JohnCash757::140 pts?!?! Where's the D in Golden State?
basketball_bum926::It's Golen State. There is no D.
thaisport_sf::You haven't been watching them this year then...
patmandewb::Must be a flashback from an old ABA Rockets Nuggets game! 140 points and 23 3's......sure sounds like an ABA game! Must've been fun to watch.......
Justice98::The Warriors got punked and just plain quit.  The players quit playing and Marc Jackson quit coaching.  They were incapable of stopping them by actually playing defense, so they resorted to goonery.  He's upset with the Rockets, he needs to be upset with his team.
csaeteurn::That was fueled by Beverly's dunk and a taunt that earned a technical after that. Who does a taunt while they're up by 30? That's what pissed Jackson off. Warriors were letting them shoot 3's to earn the record until that dunk. They shot and missed two 3's before Beverly made the drive in dunk and taunted.
csaeteurn::He didn't quit, he knew Lin played with a chip on his shoulder and especially at home, they were on fire on the 3. Instead Jackson, put his bench in to play and get exp and minutes. There was no point putting in his starters when 3-4 of the rocket players are red hot shooting 3's especially at home.
Justice98::I'm not talking about putting in bench players, but in how he instructed them to play.  He basically didn't tell them to play at all.  You're not getting experience hacking Rockets on every possession just to stop them from getting the record.  His number one concern at that moment was stopping the record, not getting his players experience.
timetodienow1234567::The fact that Mark Jackson defends what he did is hilarious. He got stomped on and thinks that somehow he made up for it by giving the Rockets free points from the free throw line? Talk about idiocy. He allowed his emotions to get the better of him and he acted immaturely.
csaeteurn::He defended it because Rockets were already up by 30. The kid who drove in and dunked at the end and taunted the Warriors had no class and pissed off Jackson instead of winning with grace against a team with a better record.
RV412::So he let a punk kid rile him up?  By your logic, Jackson's emotionally charged and irrational reaction (b*tching and moaning) is justified because somebody hurt his wittle feelings?  Rather than give up a record, he ended up giving the Rockets more points via the freethrow line.  If he wanted to be a man about it, he should have had his team play some frikkin' defense and not b*tch out by fouling the Rockets on every possession.
Keith Closs::mark jackson and his boys stay pis-sed off when they are getting ran, like when the clipps were throwing half court loops to Deandre Jordan while up 20 and now with houston droppin 3s everywhere BUT its all good when GS is getting crazy at home with clay and curry thowing up 3s and the bench is jumping up and down like a bunch of high school kids whojust saw their down syndrome kid score for the first time.  take it like a man MJ.  the way your bench acts makes it really easy for some to not care if they are draining 3s  while up 30
