Ping Bula::go clippers. . .
Janice Murphy:::-D
Marcleen Bavogui::if u let deandre get 25 point without cp3 playing.. u deserve to lose not only that the owner should keep those paychecks for this game
Robert Reno::Play Blair what the hells  wrong with CARLISLE
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Losing Paul helped DJ's cause because the Clippers lost their best perimeter scorer so they decided to go more to their bigs. If the Clips played inside out like this DJ could get 10 PPG on post ups alone.
Lester Ayers::25 and 18 for Deandre Jordan, who was guarding him???? why not constantly foul him
Cvete Karamacoski::Mavs HAVE to make a trade for a big man, DJ scoring 25 is shameful(from a clips fan), Clippers didn't win the game, the Mavs gave it to us
Robert Reno::The Mavs can pick up Bynum for nothing see what happens
Brandon Tigues::what was dalembert doing while this was happening?
Robert Reno::Dalembert was wondering who he was supposed to cover
Gene Yaws::Free throw attempts 38-14...tells me all I need to know...
Robert Reno::Mavs get screwed on FT every game even at home they get no calls,but the NBA will come out and admit a blown foul call that wasn't called on the Mavs
Gene Yaws::THIS ^^^
Deonte Tyree Lamarr Brookins::20 combined free throws from Griffin and Jordan. They tried to hack and it didn't work for them this game.
Robert Reno::14-2 run to end the game,Mavs should be ashamed
Mark Antwan::You never let Deandre Jordan score 24
Brandon Tigues::lol I know, I seen that and was like WTF? I gotta watch this game now
Cvete Karamacoski::Mavs don't have any good defensive big guys
Wesley Edward Antrim::Love a good defensive game
Chad Wiggins::he may have come a long way, but s marion coming out of unlv did an interview on the jim rome show, and he sounded like he had the intellect of a 7 year old.. an uneducated 7 year old might i add…. callers called in all day asking was that interview for real, or was it a spoof… IT WAS NO SPOOF….
John Smart::Bad home loss.  Lead the whole game and then choke in crunch time.  Have to question 38 to 14 free throw advantage for the visiting team.
Lester Ayers::agreed that what I was thinking
Vladimir Tsalyuk::this game all depends on one thing. If Vince Carter sits I guarantee a dallas win. If he plays for even a minute I guarantee a clippers win. so it appears clippers will win
Kyle Pawlak::Idiot...
Aeron Uchiha::you don't know what you are talking about.
Jeff Robinson::This is just silly. The Mavs problem isn't VC, it's Dalembert and Calderon. Calderon is a miserably poor defender who gets outran by just about every point guard in the NBA and his shooting isn't even close to what it was with Toronto, even though this team gets him way more good shots. Dalembert is lazy, refuses to hustle and does almost nothing on the offensive side of the floor, which is why Brandan Wright is going to replace him soon. It's also a pretty heavy burden to be paying those 2 players so much money for such little productivity. They'll be way better once Devin Harris is back and starting over Calderon and Brandan Wright assumes his rightful place as starting center.
Fjodor Balla::And just like that....zero defense were given that day by both teams! Cmon Mavs, lets get this
Mark Antwan::sllsdI had to turn watching Cotton Bowl lhh no but 3rd & 4th quater been plenty of
Mark Antwan::Defense
Mark Antwan::Why are they letting Jordan look Michael Jordan send that bum to the line he has 2 be 12 /13
Tamatoa Kollaart::how could Dirk miss that Lay-up? Maybe the shot was too uncontested.
Cvete Karamacoski::Where has this deandre jordan been all year? This shows how deep the clips really are
Zach Heaton::Or it shows how awful the Mavs defense is.
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Well they don't run any plays through DJ because Blake is getting like 95 % of their post ups. So all Dj can score off is fom alley oops and dump offs or putbacks.
Cvete Karamacoski::yeah, or that
Rolando Mercado::damm i hope dirk plays like this on the 15th!! get to see that sweet jump shot in person
Remy MacDonald::refs doing whatever it takes to let the clippers win smh
Zach Heaton::No, that was definitely foul. Don't know what Monta was doing, though.
Zach Heaton::Someone tell Blake Griffin he's not Steve Nash.
Josh Jordan::Got to defend home court. Get it done mavs
Fjodor Balla::Go Mavs!
Tom Horowitz::Carlisle should specifically say how he blew this game single-handedly by not fouling DeAndre Jordan......more importantly, he shouldn't let it happen again.....a 35% free throw shooter should never be allowed to shoot twice as many field goals when he's hot (11-14) as free throws (3-7)
Chad Wiggins::the clippers just aren't that good…. garbage jumper after garbage jumper…. with collision, and barnes,  and green, and  dudley, please tell me who needs to be fffn shooting multiple jumpers
Hamish Smylie::If the clippers want to get better they need to give D.J the ball more, he shoots such a high percentage, and if they double him which they will have to, he will pass it out to the three point shooters or to a cutting Griffin.
Jeff Robinson::Jordan shoots a high percentage because his "shots" come off of alley oops and put backs. His post up game is weak, he just scored a lot against Dallas because Dalembert is trash. DJ is a good rebounder and defender and he provides another option for CP3.
Sharon Rama Haas::Yo Shoot...Your Jungian psychoanalysis of NBA outcomes is a tad wobbly tonight....dream better...the universe will wait...
Johnny Meyers::Clippers will be fine... Dallas isn't gonna shoot 61% the entire game... that was probably their best quarter shooting the ball ALL SEASON. And the clippers are still in it.
Johnny Meyers::Or maybe I'm just wrong.... Still all jump shots by Dallas and they just simply aren't missing them.
Johnny Meyers::They have actually raised their shooting % to 64% 5 minutes into the 2nd qt. Rough time to run into the mavs. Playing their best game of the season by far. Dirk just being dirk.
Drew Grundfor::61 points given up with 5 minutes left. Think about about that clips. You will never a title, ever with that happening even once in a season...though I wish you the best.
Ikenna Nwaghanata::The Clippers may be one of the most erratic defensive teams of all time. Would you believe they ranked 3rd in def eff during the month of December?
Chad Wiggins::Ikenna Nwaghanata they will get better and better def if they will let rivers coach them
Chad Wiggins::collinson is very overrated….. if u can't shoot, u better block ur midget out, and if ur not gonna block him out, dont let him get a three point play...
