teedotsportsfan::will t-mac lose another round 1 series?
Road dog Red::tsk tsk... here we go again... I predict Buzzard meat 4 Sunday dinner
chitownbullsinseven::I’ve been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for  anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and is tired of not winning your bets
Kobe Bryants Ex Wife::The NBA is a joke, what the hell is the point of winning your division if you dont even get HCA in the first round
Drew Z5::Kobe's ex wife huh? I'd like to give vannesa the high hard one up her Mexican butthole.
J-SMOOVE2077::better question is why do they even have divisions.  its unfair to a team like the hawks who are in the same division as the heat while boston is in a crummy division.
Sonic_speed1::A banner you gold digger
J-SMOOVE2077::im gonna bring a sign to the highlight factory:  "get it to game 7".  IF WE GET IT TO GAME 7, WE TAKING IT BABY.
aftern9ne::Sounds a bit defeatist if you bring a sign that admits the Hawks can't win in under 7 games...
DwayneWadeIsTheREALKing::Thunder going to lose to dallas.. gonna be sweet
J-SMOOVE2077::im going hawks in 7 in a thrilla in manilla.
popsthebest::Dallas tanked. To play okc rather than lakers
Kobe Bryants Ex Wife::Lol that makes no sense considering the Thunder are much better than the Lakers
rwilliams75::Nuggets won, so Dallas has no excuse
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::Boston clowns are going down......Hawks win in 5.
J-SMOOVE2077::we wont win in 5 dude.  boston is a lot better than that.
Sonic_speed1::HAWKS IN 5 LET'S GO!!!!!!
Steveforprez04::Hawks over Celtics
nickrmorello::you know the celtics won the division, and have home court, Im surprised at the stupidity of espn
lakersthebestever::lakers=championship
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::nick it looks like the stupid one is staring you back thru that broken mirror you own. :-)
gagolf34::Better record is all that matters, winning the division only gives you the advantage of playing the 5 seed at worst in the first round.
J-SMOOVE2077::hawks have homecourt
Smile_kkkk::Thunder thunder thunder cats!
tjthursday511::what was their april record again?
chuck101923::CELTICS WILL SMASH YOU....SWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP
Smile_kkkk::and i thought i was high
MavsNation92::Mavs over OKC in 6. Go Mavs!!!
tjthursday511::yikes. from champs to chumps... OKC in 5. Dallas will get one.
lakersthebestever::yup
Kobelies247::LOL now thats funny! You guys are going to get ROLLED!!!
Demonjoe93::We're still getting no respect at all. The experts are acting like it's all over and Boston has already won the series.
J-SMOOVE2077::thats the way we want it.  we would be doomed if we were favored by the experts.
J-SMOOVE2077::the great thing about having homecourt is that even if u blow 1 of the 1st 2 games, u just gotta go get 1 in boston.  also, we have game 7 in our back pocket just in case.
tony montanas personal stash::hawks have home court now?
pastelpaul::Celts win in 7. Great series as always when these two teams do battle.
J-SMOOVE2077::yeah
aftern9ne::I'm with you Smoove. Just because of the shear amount of hate they get, it would be worth seeing them win it if the Hawks can't.
J-SMOOVE2077::if the hawks cant win it all, im gonna be rooting for lebron and the heat
tony montanas personal stash::say what you will
tony montanas personal stash::miami.
J-SMOOVE2077::me too.  i think its gonna be a really tight series.  what team do u root for?
tony montanas personal stash::good for them hope they crush boston
J-SMOOVE2077::geez, giants stole david wilson at #32
E L FUDGE::Mavs swept out of the playoffs starting Saturday
braves hawks fallcons::atl with home court advantage better make it count hawks
wreckem tech101::Am out Mavs fans...catch ya on Saturday or some of ya'll tomorrow for the Rangers. MFFL
Thurmonatorrrr41::peace bro.
Cowboys Fan_1982.::later man
E L FUDGE::Dallas Mavs are the worst champions to ever play in the NBA.
ndawg76::But you are stupid to think it was a fluke. Any team that beats OKC, Miami in Finals and sweeps LA is no fluke. They simply got rid of Tyson Chandler which hurt them badly..
ndawg76::Agreed, and I am a HUGE Dallas Fan...very disappointing..
Jeggermeister::You might be making that up Dawg .... a TRUE (Huge) fan would not say that ....   I can name four past champions much worse .... look at the ratings from the Mavs-Heat and that tells you all you need to know ... They had very good ratings because the entire world, other than Miami, HATED the Heat ..... Was kind of fun to see the entire world be on the Mavs side....  I give you credit dawg in that it wasnn't a fluke.... NOBODY wins a world championship on a fluke......  It wasn't just the loss of Chamdler that hurt Dallas....  Stevenson was a lock-down defender ... between him, Marion, and Chandler .... that's some pretty nasty "D" .....   Other past champions who came back the next year to crap on themselves were the Bullets, Sonics, Trail Blazers, ..... Heck if I studied... I did those literally off the top of my head..... Those teams were God-awful the next year .... At least Dallas had winning record and lost a ton of close games this year ....  Do I think we'll beat OKC ..... No .... Am I hoping for it, OF COURSE.....  Go Mavs!!  Never doubt the heart of a champion in any sport......
braves hawks fallcons::David wilson sucks
1990_big_z::In effect the Hawks are the 4th seed because they have the better record and home-court advantage
braves hawks fallcons::like this if u are watching the draft
Thurmonatorrrr41::I dont know about all you, but I have been watching Tanahill for awhile now. And I always said whoever drafts this kid in the NFL will get a free ride to the playoffs. Yall will soon see.
E L FUDGE::Dallas is so terrible they should give back the trophy from last year
wreckem tech101::how you figure...they earned the s..t out of that trophy...they damn near were playing for several states to knock the Heat out....you stupid
Jeggermeister::Fluke?  That statement is just ignorant .... get off the boards if you're gonna be the Lakers Biottch all the time.....
Cowboys Fan_1982.::he's a laker beeeeetch thats why
E L FUDGE::it was a fluke stupid
Thurmonatorrrr41::Ryan Tanahill is the next Peyton Manning. The Dolphins will be in the playoffs this year!! There!! I called it!!
OSUPOKES OKCTHUNDER::wrong more like Tanahill will be a bust
BleedRedandBlack93::they will be drafting Barkley next year
Thurmonatorrrr41::Alright, We'll see.
FanofTexas28::That has to suck for you guys, seeing the Giants win 2 Super Bowls in 6 years. I'd be pissed if the Broncos did that.
wreckem tech101::well we were asking for Jerry Jones head, but then he went out and spent his money on some good help, so he lives another year
atler5264::When are games 1 &amp; 2 for the Hawks?
carderius::April 29th - 7PM and May 1st - 7:30PM
grapenutz78::I Love Tony Romo!! He's bad enough that the Cowboys will never win a Super Bowl with him, but good enough that they'll never get a top pick or decide it's time to move on to another QB.
FanofTexas28::Tampa Bay is going to have Blount and Boise State guy. Uh oh...
BleedRedandBlack93::Blunt is going to beat Martin up
wreckem tech101::lol
Cowboys Fan_1982.::yup now all they need is a QB
sarro989::Can someone please explain the purpose of seeding if home court is based on record. Why don't they just seed based on record. What advantage does Boston have being a 4 seed??
Cowboys Fan_1982.::sorry i misunderstood your question.. i believe it has something to do with 2 teams being in the same division having the best overall record.. they dont want them meeting in the second round since they are supposed to be the best.. happened to the mavs and spurs a couple years ago and the nba changed the rule the next year
Cowboys Fan_1982.::atl  has home court
THE JEFFERNATER::Damn I hate OKC fans. Is it wrong that I actually enjoyed the MWP elbow?
Jeggermeister::To say you enjoyed the MWP elbow is to say you are Skip Bayless' lover .... for real man .... Yuk .... and Chiiiiiiit
BleedRedandBlack93::nope. he deserved it. He get on peoples faces too often
Thurmonatorrrr41::Ryan Tanahill is the biggest steal in the draft by far. The Dolphins have somebody very special. He's a franchise changer for sure.
OSUPOKES OKCTHUNDER::Tanahill will be a bust
wreckem tech101::Casey Keenum, Weeden, Boise QB etc
BleedRedandBlack93::Matt Moore is better than Tanahill
FanofTexas28::They were chanting "Overrated!" when Tannehill got drafted. LMAO!
wreckem tech101::that pick was crazy
BleedRedandBlack93::he is going to be a Bust
OSUPOKES OKCTHUNDER::yep
BleedRedandBlack93::Stop disrespecting Crabtree ESPN
Cowboys Fan_1982.::BOOOOOOOOOOO
BleedRedandBlack93::Niners was a run first team before. Now they are becoming pass oriented
wreckem tech101::yes...
grapenutz78::Worst Defending Champs ever!!!! Hey at least Cuban has ABC's Shark Tank to fall back on! :)
FanofTexas28::I guess you missed the 2007 Heat.
Thurmsizzle41::In a trolling mood I see...
Cowboys Fan_1982.::a WR? really?
wreckem tech101::Oh never mind
THE JEFFERNATER::Its hard to believe the Angels are already 9 games back.. Dammit
Cowboys Fan_1982.::lol i bought ticks for the first Rangers/angels series of the year.. they might already be out of it by then, FML
wreckem tech101::LOL
ima brave falcon hawk::the hawks are gonna have lots of fans come play off time you will see http://youtu.be/oypKKIvoHYg
grapenutz78::Mavs fans!!! I am here to warn you!! OKC is going to destroy you in the first round this year. Im not kidding
BleedRedandBlack93::k thanks for the heads up :)
Cowboys Fan_1982.::scroll down, we already went over how okc loses in 6
FanofTexas28::He's not kidding, guys.
Thurmsizzle41::I know the Aggies arnt that good, but I still believe they will be a top 3 team in the SEC.
wreckem tech101::HAHAHA
FanofTexas28::You've gotta be kidding me....
BleedRedandBlack93::*from the bottom
UGAPells::You are full of $%#%
ima brave falcon hawk::jeff teague!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
wreckem tech101::hahaha Minny is stupid
BleedRedandBlack93::dude they drafted Ponder 12th overall last year. Ponder was a 2nd rounder at best.
wreckem tech101::Vikings that is....that football fan base suxs
wreckem tech101::yup...
Thurmsizzle41::Oh foreal? damn...
wreckem tech101::I mean we don't even have to be playing the Vikes and they troll the s..t out of us
wreckem tech101::you aint never been on the football board when the play the Boyz
Thurmsizzle41::I actually respect them.
FanofTexas28::Chiefs would've been a playoff team had half our team not been on IR by Week 3. Just saying.
FanofTexas28::We've actually won a Championship since Hitler's existence.
bigryan73::an aggie fan is far worse
Thurmsizzle41::Chill.
FanofTexas28::Kansas City, Missouri.
Thurmsizzle41::Your a Kansas City Cheif's fan? LMAO
bigryan73::Also if okc is the best team in the west, no better time to play them then 1st rd
wreckem tech101::Boy, teams this year sure are looking hard for that under the radar Pro Bowler aren't they....alotta no name guys going.
bigryan73::Can never have too many good corners
Cowboys Fan_1982.::Man if we can play Carr and Claiborne press coverage and have Jenkins roaming around, our secondary will be top notch
Cowboys Fan_1982.::damn right Wreck
wreckem tech101::hurt people and ocasionally his own team mates
Cowboys Fan_1982.::4th im assuming.. or maybe trade
wreckem tech101::that would be cool if they are considering Jenkins to move to safety
BleedRedandBlack93::so what does scandrick do?
THE JEFFERNATER::Perry was pretty damn good at USC.
KD-The Gift::Nothing will be sweeter than exacting embarrassing revenge on these Dallas pudwhackers!!!!!!!!
Cowboys Fan_1982.::dont lose game 1 is all i gotta say.. OKC will fall apart if they drop that first one
Cowboys Fan_1982.::again, dont let it be game 1.. that entire town will panic and the " older " Mavs will smell blood... you cant deny this
KD-The Gift::I will actually gift Dallas 1 win because its hard to sweep in the Playoffs.
