Eric::The funny thing about Jimmer lovers and haters are that most of them are not Sacramento Kings fans, and do not watch the games.  I am a fan though and believe Jimmer has a place in the NBA for sure. He makes the most out of his limited playing time. He is not right for this team and should be shipped off so he can have a real chance.  People that watch him during his minutes would see that he usually makes good decisions on the floor, and doesn't take stupid shots. Matchups are everything on the NBA. The times Jimmer looks bad are when he's against a fast athletic guard he cant defend. Defense really is his only REAL glaring weakness. He's a perfectly serviceable backup guard though. I dont understand the fanatacism or the hate over Jimmer.  -kings fan
Ritchie G::Time to fire the ugliest and least talented coach in the NBA...mr Jock Vaughn. He*l, when he was playing he was certainly the least talented player on the court
rm::To Jimmer haters, we are not saying he is the savior, we are saying he deserves more time, especially compared to all the games early in the year where he sat.  Last night he had 11 points in just over 12 minutes.  I believe he has the most points per minutes played on he team.  IT is great and gas been a better all around player than Jimmer.  Thats not the issue.  He just should play more and they won't do it.  That's why he needs to be freed.  The Kings are free to continue on their losing ways. We're hoping just not with Jimmer.  They don't seem to appreciate him. That's fine.  Free him.
russells::If Fredette was treated like Irving or Wall when he came into the league he would be leading the league in scoring by now.  Look, I understand how blacks must have felt back in the day, but this is the 21st century, and its time to let talent and winning trump racial politics in the NBA.  Remember how "slow" Bird was.
SwiftyLazer::Oh geez guys stop with all the Jimmer nut ridding! Do you people really think Jimmer is the baller that you BELIEVE he is? Come on now... Don't you think that the GM's and Head Coaches he's worked under have a better perspective about his TRUE abilities and skills? You really think they play IT over Jimmer just because they just don't like Jimmer? If he was better than IT then trust me.... HE WOULD BE PLAYIN! No if ands or buts. ///
Mike::Cousins is perhaps the best big man in the NBA...hopefully he can get/keep his head straight.
Schultz::I knew SAC would not let D-MAC go an yes he's getting his Technicals but at a Slower Clip an having a new Baby will keep him Grounded, HE IS the Offensive Center in Basketball.
dot::if you call yourself a Jimmer you must be a re tard
Deni::I just don't know if Vaughn is a really bad strategist and coach or it's a part of tanking tactic of Magic?!
Isaac M::Well, at least no one can accuse us of tanking. We're just that bad!
