shmibal43::Nets!
Kev_010::overrated! overrated! Blake Griffin!
dennisfromvermont::Better uniforms, sweet new arena, far superior locale and much better play from the team makes this the most awesome start to a Nets season in like 15 years. Im a happy man these days!
jrtall3n7::Agreed! I love my shiny new team. I can't believe how Lopez is playing. Amazing.
nuyorka718::lamar odom is officially old and washed up
richierrich::I wonder, was this the first NBA game ever to pit two Kardashian husbands against each other? Well, yeah, one is an ex- Kardashian husband...
Walter Foosball::Typical day in the office for Brook Lopez..13/24 26 points and 5 rebounds. I just don't understand how you can be 7' and not even mediocre at bringing down the boards.
thekola::because when youre playing with Hump and Reggie Evans you dont need to grab rebounds. Nets need him to score and thats what he does. also, way to ignore the 3 blocks he put up. Knicks gonna get a taste of what the nets are dishing out on Monday. You should be worried about why your team cant keep a less than average team under 130 for four quarters.
Slappin the Bass BigTime::Blake gets the highlights  Clippers lose  AGAIN
HOLLOW51386::WHERE DID ALL THESE CLIPPERS FAN COME FROM? PRE BLAKE I DIDN'T KNOW THEY EXISTED
John70683::Ummm...493 comments on this game...5000 plus on the Lakers loss..."ALL"??? With the squad the Clips have...this thread seems under-commented upon. Can't wait to see this team in the playoffs against a "tried and true" playoff perenial...hopefully Grizz and Clips avoid each other until the WCF's...get used to it brother.
Carbon-based::Lamar odom make 3 x more than Bledsoe and only scored 0pts alright odom !
mdtuzo::Finally! Some defense!
alexander.tuna::Nets East &gt; Nets West
Mr. Bradford::The Nets had ZERO fast break points, wft? Is that an error?  And congrats on your double-double, DeAndre Jordan.
Mets2410::Not an error.
Carbon-based::Clippers suck
duro.::Blake Griffin is awesome......at getting blocked embarassingly
rbskittles5::deron williams is awesome.......at getting blocked embarassingly https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x1BTWCsfXhs
Emoney321000::ESPN needs to add a dislike button to their boards for awful comeback comments like this one
duro.::Sorry lame city, maybe next time
Mr Calogero::Clippers are going to the finals. Nets won't make it pass first round.
ciorizzo::Haha stop crying bc you lost. Get over it, it's one game
nigsjizzer::my  nets made the clipshow their woman
LesGeaux225::https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9m6gquE2EaU
ihatecreasesinmypants::if blake ever got blocked like that they would call a flagrant two and have suspended the other person for 5 games
footbawlll::Nets get their first big win in a big way
YinBallaz::Brook lopez reminds me of tim duncan at some points. That's a good thing
Excelscior1::They're both soft, slow, goofy looking, but fundamentally sound, so WHY NOT?
richierrich::Lopez has often said he wants to play like Tim Duncan
rbskittles5::clips lost more than the nets won although nets played pretty well. especially in the 4th there was no flow to the offense and unforced turnovers were everywhere. i also dont understand why blake only shot 10 shots. he was having a solid game and they shoulda kept goin to em
Mets2410::ya you know the Nets played no factor at all in holding both griffin and paul to ZERO points in the 4th quarter
rbskittles5::i know evans and wallace can do that but many of the turnovers were stuff like passing to people who werent there and people making half-assed passes that people like wallace thrive off of. the fact that BG only took like 2 shots the whole second half while he was dominant the first shows that there wasnt any flow.
King_Wade::Unforced?  Wallace and Evans had a big part in most of those turnovers.   This team is tougher than they get credit for. Lopez and Wallace playing tough D. Evans can get under anyone's skin. Waiting for Hump to get it going. He hasn't really found his niche on the team yet.
LetsGoBraves2012::i feel like come playoff time the nets will be the biggest threat to the heat in the east.
King_Wade::Collectively this team has played what, 10 games together?    '12 Nets are damn near a mirror image of the Finals teams from '02-'04.  Solid starting 5 with a very good productive bench, with almost no drop off when the 2nd string comes in.
Ray Allen GOAT 3::dont let your feelings get to you after 10 games
joe kj2::I'd like to see Billy King trade for a good 3 point shooter at the trade deadline. We weren't bad compared to past games shooting the 3, but I think it's a weakness that this team needs to address. Maybe try to get back Morrow if possible in a trade.
King_Wade::We signed the Russian  dude instead!   Maybe he'll pay off but Green coming in for Wallace looks like a better fit for this team. My .02.
King_Wade::We're missing a high flyer too. Never understood why they didn't bring Green back. But Telotovich can get it going from 3 when he adapts to the American game. And obviously JJ.
Porkchop8920::We didin't have enough money for Green
liveperl::Calm down haters. Clips will have a better record than the Nets and go farther in the playoffs.
SPGCPA::the people hating on the Clippers are mostly Clippers fans.....as a Nets fan, we played you well tonight and deserved the win......have not heard any Nets fan say we are the better team....
Emoney321000::Nets played f***ing great all around tonight! I hope they can do the same when I go see them play on sunday
SPGCPA::my first game is SUnday too...
All.Star54321::go vote for the best player in the NBA: http://isportslife.wordpress.com/2012/11/22/discussion-number-1-espn-player-rankings/
UNCTarHeelz725.::NETS!
PTSup20::Dwill owns paul in head to head matchups...
rbskittles5::i think a better thing to say would be that dwills teams owns pauls teams in h2h matchups
rbskittles5::oh dwill owns paul in h2h...please tell me about how you looked at the box sscore and came to that conclusion
SPGCPA::because DWil's teams are now like 14-3 against Paul't teams...that's what he's talking about and stats wise they are pretty much even in head to head matchups....
All.Star54321::go vote for the best player in the NBA: http://isportslife.wordpress.com/2012/11/22/discussion-number-1-espn-player-rankings/
sgafsetomorpnpse::These teams both look like 4th seed teams that will get eliminated in the 2nd round.
dooder69::OK all you Chris Paul fans. Wanna a hint as to why he is struggling? It's called size!! And good defense. He is OVER RATED PERIOD! He looks pedestrian against elite guards. Unless they get Chauncey back. Who by the way? Is a better PG and has a ring. This team is going nowhere fast! CP3 is not as good as he thinks he is. That's a huge problem if you ask me. And Del Negro is a joke of a coach!
rbskittles5::dj has gotten significantly better w/ a new array of post moves. i think its the flow of the offense that cause CP3 to dribble a lot. whenever the clips cut down on turnovers and get defensive rebounds their offensive is always much smoother. in their losses, the biggest problem is usually a combo of those 2 things. and when theres no flow, CP tries to do it all himselff which sometimes works when hes on but obviously he wasnt on tonight although he wasnt bad either
dooder69::All I Know is? If you watch the Clippers and see CP3 dribbling a lot? That means they will lose that game. I've seen it too many times now. Either the strategy and scheme needs to change? Or CP3 needs to adjust what teams will try to do to him. He's shorter than most players. So maybe he needs to start taking more jumpers when open? Or maybe Deandre Jordan is useless and nothing can be done?
rbskittles5::i think the confusion and indeciciveness is more of a side effect of the offense not flowing due a lot in part to the crazy number of turnovers in the 4th. not saying the nets didnt play good D cause they did but paul has disassembled more good defenses than defenses hav stopped him
rbskittles5::he shot 5-11. thats not that bad...doesnt really seem like struggling
dooder69::Oh yeah! He struggled. Looked confused and unsure at times. When he takes so long to decide like that? It's because of the defense. Teams have an MO on him now. I personally wish he would shoot more. It would open the floor. He hesitates and sometimes seems too reluctant with his shot. He's a pick and roll guy just like Nash. Except Nash has a better shot.
NYChe21::Lopez took DeAndre to school tonight.
rbskittles5::djs post game has gotten way better. he just needs to be more consistent
Excelscior1::True.   Maybe he hasn't watched DJ this year yet?
dooder69::DJ sucks!! I wouldn't be too impressed. Not only did he get abused? His offense is non existent! And poor ole Blake has to carry the load and get doubled because DJ is a black hole out there!
Unnamed777::Nets = Giants Knicks =  Jets = OVERRATED
williamterzin::How do the clippers end up with two of the most over hyped players in the league?  Griffin is what? A flashier Elton Brand?  CP3 cant stay healthy, cant be the number one option (neither can Griffin) and disappears all too often.  Maybe the owner went with the video game option on how to build a team.
Excelscior1::@Dooders69  Dwill doesn't play any defense. He's not as good a ball handler (in the half court), and as of late, his shot is not falling.
Excelscior1::Blake is overrated at this point, though he has potential. I'd take CP3 in a heart beat. Blake lacked fundamentals (post up moves, jump shot, FT shooting, etc.) up until late last year. He's trying to address those things now.   Nonetheless, he still lacks low post or a go to move now, unlike his partner in crime DJ.
dooder69::Neither of these players has advanced even to the Finals. And CP3 is every bit the Diva D-Will is! He is just more subtle with it. Which I dislike even more. He reminds me of a politician. I still will take D-Will. His size you can't teach. And come playoff time? I like having that size. D-Will is WAY MORE VERSATILE ON DEFENSE AND OFFENSE!
dooder69::No you didn't! You doubled him as much as possible! And I will gladly  take D-Will! He has a better perimeter shot. Has size advantage. And wait for it. (Doesn't hog the frikkin ball!) Have you seen CP3 play? When that team moves the ball? They are lethal! Then good ole CP3 goes into his ego mode and it totally screws his team! CP3 has the best handles in the game. BUT THAT'S IT!  Watch more of his games bro!
SPGCPA::lol...we Nets fans say same thing about DWil....pounds ball at top of key until shot clock ticks down...then launches ill advised shots....has stopped attacking the rim, shows no leadership, and his shooting is mediocre at best.....doesn't post up smaller guards like CP3.....and always injured.....kid is a bit of a diva...
dooder69::Blake Griffin would have had his way with you guys. It's just Coaches are smart. And double him or give help. Frikkin Deandre Jordan is useless! Other wise Blake would be abusing y'all
dooder69::There's going to be a problem down the road. I even did a fan post on this on their SB site! Neither is an elite scorer. But it has to be Blake's team. And you build around that. CP3 could leave and it wouldn't hurt my feelings one bit. He holds Blake back IMO! They are in win now mode. But I wouldn't be surprised if CP3 leaves. He just wants to be the man. But he ain't the man! I would gladly swap Deron Williams for CP3! Blake is going to be a star! Did you notice 2 clutch defensive stops near the end? Yeah dude does a lot! Blake is going to be great! Just a matter of time.
SPGCPA::you are out of your mind....as a Nets fan.....I'll carry DWil to LA and carry Paul back to Brooklyn...in a heartbeat...as far as Blake goes....he's incredibly overrated....we took him completely out of the game by being physical with him....if Clippers are going to build it should be around CP3 and Deandre and get someone to overpay for Griffin...
JayFLo47::cp3 just dont win against deron...hmmmmm
heatonomics::This is not a one on one...it is a team sport.
The Brooklyn Dynasty is Platinum:::)
elchupanibre6::Nets &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Knicks
SPGCPA::too early to say that.....but potential is there....need better play from our supposed superstar....happy with team overall, but DWil has been a dissapointment...
REDUCE523::Freaking  clippers. Got to play hard every game.
BJSaxMan93::Great day. Nets win, Knicks lose :)
iso-joe7::Brook is as good as dwight to me. Joe came around like i knew he would. Allstar break this team will b finely tuned.
Excelscior1::Brooks is good. However, his problem/perception is, He's skilled, but soft. And he's not explosive enough to scare people with his athleticism to compensate for his softness. Plus he plays questionable defense. And he still needs to fight with his rebounding, as he's done so far this year. It was embarrassing last year.
joeman1146::yes to everyone above, howard for lopez straight up is a no brainer.. but it wasnt straight up, it was brooke, humphries, brooks, and 4 first rounders! I was praying the nets didn't make that trade.
iso-joe7::Howard is more athletic and body is built like a beast but, brook is way more versatile than dwight. Hook shoots, jumpers, layups,floaters,bank shots. He knows how to get the ball in the hole!
SPGCPA::that's only half the game though....don't get me wrong....I love this new, more aggressive Lopez....thrilled we didn't do Howard trade....cause team is so much deeper....but if Lakers offered Howard straight up for Lopez right now....you do that trade in a nano-second...
SPGCPA::no....Lopez is playing great.....but overall, Howard is still the better player.....although Lopez has made huge strides this year in his aggressiveness and is obviously the better offensive player....but Howard is far superior to Lopez defensively and rebounding wise.....
BobRuhls57::lol at clips fans who said this was going to be an easy win
iso-joe7::Brook went off, joe shot 75% with 19.. hes slowly getting used to the situation.. allstar break this team will b tuned up.
SPURZWARZ1.0::Clips get ripped again! Lol
i came for cheese::13 points in the 4th Quarter?!!! hah! smh .cocky clippers getting what they are lookin' for
thekola::to think, if the d12 trade went through, nets would have lost Lopez, Hump, Brooks, I think 4 draft picks, wouldnt have been able to get Joe Johnson or Gerald Wallace.   Lopez, Hump, Brooks, JJ, Crash&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;D12.   Magic tryna screw the nets over was a blessing in disguise.
SPGCPA::yep....I wanted Howard in the worst way....but this team is so much deeper now then we could have been....and Lopez has come back HUGE......
SPGCPA::personally, I would love to see us dump Childress and sign KMart.....although I always thought he was way overrated his first time with Nets....his defensive intensity would be a huge plus on this team and Childress offers nothing...
slapshotcity123::I think this would be a great signing for the Nets. I'm amazed no one's picked up K-mart yet, he was really productive for the Clips in the playoffs last year
SPGCPA::originally he was saying he wanted more than Vets min....he has since changed his tune...now he makes total sense for Nets...
SPGCPA::true....but I don't think you can depend on Blatche....and you can't have too many good tough bigs.....and besides, what does Childress add ?....he's a waste of a roster spot...
NYCSPORTSFAN23::why we already have hump blatche and evans playing well??
KMartKidd56::Lol @ the Magic getting Gustavo Ayon and Aaron Afflalo for Howard and Anderson..great trades Hennigan! #oof
thekola::lol. glad the nets didnt do that trade. they were giving up WAY TOO MUCH
SPGCPA::yep....this team has depth it would never have with Howard.....if we can somehow upgrade PF, we can be dangerous....probably can't do anything with Hump though until next year.....but that's OK.....
BobRuhls57::fail
bronxbombers1215::13...
BobRuhls57::o $@%! i read it wrong lol
Benjamayne::so um... the clippers actually blow
thekola::nope. look who theyve beaten. nets are the real deal.
cheech141::Yea nets are good. I still think clips are a better overall team but nets can ball
nba is the worst::Wow - 29 ts in the 2nd half?
SPGCPA::we'll just agree to disagree.....I thought we played great D all game long.....
Emoney321000::We did. When you hold a team, any team, to under 80 points you did something right.
SPGCPA::give credit cheech....we were playing great D.....completely immobolized the overrated Blake Griffin.....
cheech141::No seriously  Blake beats himself a lot of the times. He does things that are really stupid. But he has a great upside to his game he'll get better. And no nets d wasn't great.  The bench was hesitant all of a sudden to score especially Crawford. But who cares is one game anyway. It happens
KMartKidd56::Nets defense was great 2nite
cheech141::No it wasn't the clippers bench forgot how to score
nba is the worst::I guess!
