Latece K Christmon::: K. Durant 32 Pts, 10 Reb, 11 Ast, 4 Stl, 4 Blk
Aron Zoltan Laszik::12 assists
Michael Woodlee::Who needs Kevin Martins 6-16 shooting for 24 points when we can have Reggie Jackson 8-11 and 18 points that little baby didn't like coming off the bench and not getting to shoot 20 shots a game so he left
Aron Zoltan Laszik::kmart generally shoots very efficiently
Matt Borba::Aron Zoltan Laszik Because he gets to the line. Not because of his FG%.
Matt Borba::Thunder have now avenged every one of their losses.
Matthew Myers::For beating a bad team? Yeah, those low standards is the reason Durant couldn't do anything without Westbrook.
Anderson Daniel::12-3! 9-0 at home. Let's go Thunder!!!
Ayn Bland::26-9 FT disparity in favor of the Wolves.  Refs obviously tried to get the Wolves back in this game.
Aron Zoltan Laszik::as an okc fan i don't think they did, most of the fouls were fouls. there were a couple iffy calls for both sides but when will there not be any?
Latece K Christmon::Refs cheated for Durant this game, 2 FTs is way too much.............
Ayn Bland::Agreed..  My comment was dripping with sarcasm.  Now, I didn't believe Martin earned all his trips to the line when he was in OKC, and I still don't, but that's a known issue with him.
Aron Zoltan Laszik::why do minny fans complain about free throws when they have kevin martin?
Corey Ledford::The sad thing is, some of them are complaining when they have 18 FTA's compared to the Thunder's 8.
Anthony Wing::what are you talkin about kid?
Patrick Oliver::Scott Brook's man crush with Perkins is killing the Thunder. The guy is a good dude, but his basketball skills are simply gone and Collison/Adams are both clearly better options. I can't figure out how the guy is still a starter
Corey Ledford::Look for Adams to become the starter as early as next year. I think Perkin's days in Thunder starting lineup are marked.
Aron Zoltan Laszik::he had a fairly good game today, but usually he isn't that great
Aron Zoltan Laszik::that's putting it nicely
Matthew Adam Lee::Its as easy as this, if the wolves kevins both play well(their season averages of points) they will win. There are  no ifs ands or buts its as easy as that.
Sam Mertens::If Russ shoots above 35% then Minnesota will those.
Matthew Adam Lee::Sam Mertens Enjoy him while you can he will be joining d-rose pretty soon.
Sam Mertens::Why the heck would you say that?!?!
Marcleen Bavogui::the hell is wrong with okc always starting slow at home.. those guys are playing on a b2b
Graeme Phillips::because they know they have to win the first half to have any sort of chance of winning the game. second half rinsing by okc
Leland Wong::Based on PER KD is still 5 pts below LBJ.
Aron Zoltan Laszik::PER is stupid for so many reasons
Anderson Daniel::Lebron is better than KD. But PER is absolutely worthless
Rondus Casdorph::Kd mvp
Jarrod Mauren::Adelman does this every once in a while. What is he doing letting Love sit the first 7 minutes of the 4th quarter while the Wolves are getting torched? I understand it's a back to back but Love only played 35 minutes last night and will only play 33ish tonight. Why? Was completely out of sync when he came into game.  And JJ Barea needs to figure something out. Making bad decisions, not hitting his shots (today he was OK) and just can't do anything on the defensive side. All while our supposed star PG rides the bench and plays less than 30 minutes... I don't get it
John Osaki Jr.::What a monster game by Kevin Durant! Thunder fans, check out his awesome chapter in the new edition 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.comhttp://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/149096875X/ref=mp_s_a_1_1?qid=1383693074&sr=8-1&pi=SY200
Jarrod Mauren::Tough team but defensively we matchup better than a lot of teams do. Ricky has some length which is about only thing that can slow RW down. Brewer and now LMM can both matchup against Durant. Ibaka is the guy who can hurt us with is outside and inside game. Love isn't a great defender and no way Pek can get out to cover Ibaka 18 feet from hoop. All depends which team hits shots (which sounds really dumb because isn't every game like that?)
John Osaki Jr.::KD is the second best player in the NBA to LeBron James, and has a chance to become a top 15 player of all-time. Check out his pojected ranking in the new edition 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Justin McElhaney::Without the 3s wolves would b getting slaughtered..12 of Kmarts 17 points are from beyond the arc and all 9 of Loves is from 3 and those are the 2 current highest scorers for the wolves...if the wolves go cold from 3 land then this game is over...
Anthony Wing::wolves are 8-23 from 3. thats hardly on fire. wait till they start hitting.....
Mitchell Lee::What a dumb comment, yea and if Durant goes cold okc will get slaughtered.  Of course a team won't do well if their stars are cold, nice addition captain obvious!
Aron Zoltan Laszik::as an okc fan, their points do come from three, but you can't say that is bad. You say if they stop making three pointers then they lose, but that's why they are so good, they can make their three point shots and pair that with a pretty good interior and you have a great team
Harold Nations::Now that's the KD I've been waiting for!  back to last year's standards.  and Love keeps regressing to, now, below the mean of his career shooting stats.  for someone shooting 33%,  he takes WAY too many 3s.
Ayn Bland::So many good games in this homestand.  Fans have been spoiled and the Thunder have been feasting.  They've been waiting for this dessert for about a month.
Chad Wiggins::the warriors dont have to try till the fourth quarter where it seems to become a game of 8 on 5 in OKC.... see warriors thunder game days ago
Aron Zoltan Laszik::yeah 8 fta vs. 17 and okc has the refs
Sam Mertens::What ever team gets off to a better start will win, OKC keeps it close or has the lead in the 4th then thunder win without a doubt. GO THUNDER!!
Justin McElhaney::Sloppy, sloppy, sloppy on the offensive end..passing in double coverage and a pact paint....
Austin Warren::This is exactly why I've been preaching why Gorgei Deing needs more minutes! Playing like a beast!
Michael Woodlee::Where are all the trolls who like to say Thunder only win cuz they take so may free throws?
Ayn Bland::Jeff's down there somewhere.
Jarrod Mauren::We can't beat you guys no matter what when KD plays like this...
Corey Ledford::I'm sure they still believe the game is somehow still rigged in OKC's favor.
Forrest Wolfe::OKC playing like trash in the first half, nothing new...I don't get it.
Anthony Wing::hopefully some missed shots for okc will help wolves climb back in
Anthony Wing::nope
