oreed luv his redsox::i pray Marc Davis is not doing this game with rondo back
J-SMOOVE2075::HAWKS 4 CELDICKS 3
mynameisjayee::huh?
J-SMOOVE2075::Road dog Red created his account in October of 2007.  BANDWAGONER!!!
sidthekidsc::age doesnt delegate whether you are on the celtics bandwagon or not.
Road dog Red::about the same time you entered jr high school
Road dog Red::Lets have a moment of silence for the departure of Jermaine O'Neal. (smirks)...(bursts out in uncontrollable fits of laughter)
Chocolate Thunder.::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sYJVTePSMYw&amp;feature=fvst  .
23tyson80::still scratching my head on this one....looks like celts dont care about home court advtg against the hawks
23tyson80::last time they met in playoffs it went 7 and that game was at boston.
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::we'll see about all that.....keep talking. :-)
Road dog Red::wont have to worry about that this time.... Atlanta has no heart and plays stupid basketball
Road dog Red::Nope..they don't...figure they can put em away easy no matter what
Road dog Red::Time to rest Bass, Steamer, KG, PP, Rondo, Ray, and Pietrus till the playoffs. Give Sean Williams, Hollins, Moore, Johnson, Sasha, and Bradley all the minutes
Road dog Red::Atlanta is pitiful  The bench should have beat em
Road dog Red::Truthfully..its a game the Celts should have WON
Road dog Red::Dang...just missed
Chocolate Thunder.::Ray Allen as a starter: 14.6ppg Avery Bradley as a starter: 15.5ppg  21ppg over his last 5 shooting 60% from the field and 70% from 3point range.
Chocolate Thunder.::Bradley is now the second best player for the Celtics, next to Rondo.
RAuger33::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eI1-rrG1m50
pops611::Ha! Celtics sat everybody and they still kept it close hawks gave it their all man it's looking good for the C's in the first round
hay_woode::It should be a close series and not a sweep like you think it's going to be. It was obvious that the Hawks relaxed when they got up by 11 because Drew sat the starters for a while but brought them back in when he knew he had secure the victory. There is nothing to be taken from this game but that Atlanta won and Boston lost. None of the match ups were true match ups with depleted line ups. Even our bench wasn't substituted normally. Willie Green didn't even play first half and look what he did in the fourth quarter. T-Mac played first half a lot but hardly if any in the second half. Teague, Joe, Josh, Marvin sat for a long time. Radmonivic played a lot. I think both coaches were just trying to play the other and not tip their hands before the playoffs start. For everyone that thinks this will be an easy series for Boston or a sweep because of a close game without the Boston starters hasn't been watching basketball or the NBA for very long.
deucecat::Why didn't Steimsma play more?
sidthekidsc::he has plantar faciitas (i think thats how you spell it) as well as a foot bruise that hes been playing through for like 3 weeks. doc shouldnt have played him at all
Chocolate Thunder.::Rest.
Dwayne_Johnson23::Very impressed with how the C's played, at times.  Didn't really like seeing Quis with the ball so much in the end, but otherwise, everyone did pretty well.  There were some definite chances to steal this game.  Credit to Atlanta for beating our bench + Bass, Bradley
DrueLife::If I were aoston fan id still be upset about drafting Joe Johnson top 10 and then trading him for Tony Delk.  Had Ray and KG  not decided to come to Boston they would still be hurting with that decision.  Pierce cant do $@%! by himself
crichtonu::Joe Johnson cant do $@%! by himself
Dwayne_Johnson23::When that move was made, it helped the Celtics a lot going into the playoffs.  I would still make it if I had the choice.  And no player can do ish by themselves.  Everyone needs help
freebird1963::so whats your point. Johnson till doesn't have a ring. Hes got Smith and the rest and still not been to the finals. So again whats your point other than comment of stupidity.
Dribbird::Avery Bradley has an offensive game now.  Watch out NBA.
freebird1963::Felt like he was over dribbling last nite and more looking to shoot then dish.
GBM04::Why was Rivers stressing with his little board on the sidelines??Did he actually expect to win with his scrub squad?
hay_woode::It should be a close series and not a sweep like you think it's going to be. It was obvious that the Hawks relaxed when they got up by 11 because Drew sat the starters for a while but brought them back in when he knew he had secure the victory. There is nothing to be taken from this game but that Atlanta won and Boston lost. None of the match ups were true match ups with depleted line ups. Even our bench wasn't substituted normally. Willie Green didn't even play first half and look what he did in the fourth quarter. T-Mac played first half a lot but hardly if any in the second half. Teague, Joe, Josh, Marvin sat for a long time. Radmonivic played a lot. I think both coaches were just trying to play the other and not tip their hands before the playoffs start. For everyone that thinks this will be an easy series for Boston or a sweep because of a close game without the Boston starters hasn't been watching basketball or the NBA for very long.
freebird1963::damn near did too. If I was a hawks fan I'd be worried.  If the C's second and benchwarming team can almost take a W from them what hope to they have against any starters. NONE.
ynot1825::who are you. Please shut up.
nba is the worst::I see Ainge finally disposed of his biggest mistake, JO.  What a waste that signing was...
doversoccer11::avery bradley is owning everyone
GBM04::Not really.When teams start to defend him he wont be able to do much.
crichtonu::Yeah, teams will turn their defense to shut down Bradley, leaving KG, Pierce, Allen and Rondo to score at will.  Great idea, moron.
ATLANTA_LETS_PARTY__LMFAO__Shots_Shots_Shots_ShotsShotsShots::HAWKS WIN!!!
CELTICS THE HULK::Avery Bradley is gonna fu.ck yo sh.it up Jeff teague dont want none josh smith ain't got nothing on garnett he even struggle a lil bit with bass
Chocolate Thunder.::It would be more accurate to say, the majority of Garnett's FG attempts come from 16-23 feet.  And on 89% of those, they are assisted.
jdzspace.::KG makes 2.9 shots from that range . . . . which rounding up is 6 of his 20pts he averages. so that is incorrect
CandySparker::Joe Lotta Love!
Chocolate Thunder.::Boston really has no one outside of Rondo and Pierce who can create offense for other people.
jdzspace.::that is true enough, though KG is a great passer for a big man, and Ray has his moments.   that is for the most part true
jdzspace.::still wear the jersey. . .they are Celtics. and there for the "team"
Chocolate Thunder.::I guess. They can carry Rondo's bags.
jdzspace.::they wear the colors, they are Celtics
Chocolate Thunder.::I wouldnt even call those guys "the team". Most of these guys wont even play in the playoffs. ;)
jdzspace.::yeah, i loved the resolve of the team to get us within one, only to have EVERYONE take a turn at screwing up the chance to take the lead. be it offensively or defensively
Chocolate Thunder.::Dooling is a dud. Although he has his moments.
Chocolate Thunder.::Another thing you noticed in this game...Bass is very dependent on Rondo to get him good looks.
jdzspace.::is that supposed to be a surprise?
jdzspace.::I don't believe that is true. remember his 18-23 ft shot the 48%. ... . he only takes 6 or so shots from that range. the rest are in the paint and at the line. he is averaging 20. .  .. i don't believe that is the bulk of his points.   but admittedly that is unconfirmed. . and i don't want to check, cuz i'm tire
Chocolate Thunder.::Most of his scoring comes from those 20 footers.
jdzspace.::that isn't really true. he still can make his own shot and get into the paint on his own. Rondo is only responsible for the bulk of his 20 footers
Chocolate Thunder.::Most of Kg's points are because of Rondo also.
jdzspace.::Bass is a very talented player. dont' get me wrong. but he very much benefits from a great point guard.   that is how he is best utilized
Chocolate Thunder.::Not really. To some it might be.
Chocolate Thunder.::Ray Allen in his prime...thats different. But Bradley is not in his prime yet.
jdzspace.::ray allen now can still do more, especially in big games.   in a meaningless game against a worthless team he couldn't put us over the hump. you know as well as i do that Ray would have
jdzspace.::everyone got handcuffed except those 2 players who went off for 50 of the points
Chocolate Thunder.::Teague got handcuffed.
jdzspace.::I guess we'll have to agree to disagree. especially since nobody on the Hawks outside of JJ and Smith cracked double digits
Chocolate Thunder.::No, i dont. Replace Bradley in this game with the current Ray Allen, and Boston gets blown out.  Bradley not only erupted on offense, he was dominant once again defensively.
J-SMOOVE2074::ZAZA PACHULIA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
jdzspace.::is that guy still alive? I heard he had a chronic case of vaginitus
Chocolate Thunder.::Is that the guy that Kg layed the wood too in the playoffs in 08?
jdzspace.::Hawks fans should be ashamed of themselves. any respect or moderate concern i had for the Hawks is now 100% gone
Chocolate Thunder.::And any thoughts you had about Allen being better than Bradley are now gone.
b34ntown4life::You're crazy! As much as I live Ray, at this point in time, Bradley is better. Stop being a homer. You sound like one of those idiots that don't want to trade a player on the decline because of loyalty.
jdzspace.::all i know is that young Ray would have won the game, and current day Ray would have won the game.   Avery is nice, don't get me wrong. Diamond in the rough, no doubt. But Ray is tons better
Chocolate Thunder.::Right, because tonight he did nothing to keep Boston in the game.  Playing with a bunch of 3rd stingers.  Make no mistake, Bradley is the MAN.
jdzspace.::and tonight, he was weighed, he was measured.   and he was found wanting
Chocolate Thunder.::How long has Allen been in the League?  And Bradley has started what? 17 games?
jdzspace.::how many big shots has Ray put down for this team? even when Rondo was hurt?   how many big shots has Avery put down for this team? with or without Rondo?   that is the difference between a hall of famer, and a budding star
Chocolate Thunder.::Ok Jd..  Wink wink
jdzspace.::Ray could do it better, and unlike Avery when the team is down by 1 he CAN make the big shot. unlike Bradley who failed to put his team over the hump, or even set up the play that put them over the hump.
Chocolate Thunder.::You're high..Ray needs a PG at this stage of his career. Bradley put up an easy 28 with no playmaker on the court.
jdzspace.::nope, Ray is still better. he would have went for 40 and we would have won if he was playing
J-SMOOVE2074::people need to chill out about avery bradley.  lets see him do this in the postseason and do it for a couple more seasons before we declare him the next star.  this is all a bit premature.
Chocolate Thunder.::You know you think hes nasty
_NY_Empire_State_Of_Mind_NY_::You guys are idiots, Mac Miller is the best new white rapper out. Much better than that punk rock/rap hybrid wannabe Machine Gun Kelly, and that Emo rapper faggot from Alabama, Yelawolf.
KJmyman::Macklemore
JECthethird::he said best NEW white rapper, as in last 2 years.
Sports101545::mac miller blows dude, eminem will always be the best white rapper.
Chocolate Thunder.::The next big NBA star.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sYJVTePSMYw
_NY_Empire_State_Of_Mind_NY_::Celtics are trash.
J-SMOOVE2074::HAWKS 4 CELDICKS 3
DaBostonStrangler10::I have a very, very good feeling about the Celtics heading into playoff time.
J-SMOOVE2074::SHUTUP
LegendOfDooooom::http://i42.tinypic.com/2w6cjye.jpg
LegendOfDooooom::http://i42.tinypic.com/2w6cjye.jpg  FACT.
LegendOfDooooom::http://i42.tinypic.com/2w6cjye.jpg  FACT.
LegendOfDooooom::http://i42.tinypic.com/2w6cjye.jpg  FACT.
fightinillini32::So when does Horford come back?
J-SMOOVE2074::game 1
Fee.Forbin::Next season.
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::Let's not have any more "compressed."seasons. Injuries have taken a toll on the entire leauge at an unusually high rate this year. Instead of the 66 game schedrule that created those 3 games in 3 nights situations and such,it would have been better this year to have had a 64 game season and started the playoffs a week later.
LegendOfDooooom::http://i39.tinypic.com/2lvn037.jpg
LegendOfDooooom::http://i42.tinypic.com/2w6cjye.jpg
bS Epic::One does not simply win all 4 major league titles in a decade...Oh wait, one does... and repeats.
J-SMOOVE2073::If Hawks vs Celtics gets to a game 7, Boston is $@%!$@.
baseball hot dogs apple pie and chevrolet::plus we didnt even have zaza in this game
baseball hot dogs apple pie and chevrolet::if you look at the hawks stats youll see that they play better against teams with their superstars in the line ups win or lose
Chocolate Thunder.::Jdz...  Bradley &gt; Allen
baseball hot dogs apple pie and chevrolet::there are gonna be alot of hawks fans in the play offs celtics fans think they wont
J-SMOOVE2073::AL HORFORD RETURN = DEATH TO CELDICKS
ViolentBuffalo::How is Boston ahead of Atlanta when BOS is 37-27 and ATL is 38-25?
J-SMOOVE2073::DIVISION RULES.  BUT HAWKS GOT HOMECOURT RIGHT NOW
wildrhymer::They are leading their division...do for seeding purposes they will get the 4th seed. BUT in a series the Hawks would have home court advantage.
