Joey White25::I think they should trade Kobe Bryant for Rudy Gay. That would be a great trade for the Lakers.
Joey White25::Kobe's 2012-2013 season will say this in Wikipedia.     Kobe's team missed the playoffs and he led the league in shot attempts trying to pad his stats at the end of his career.
Joey White25::Kobe's 2012-2013 season will say this in Wikipedia.     Kobe's team missed the playoffs and he led the league in shot attempts trying to pad his stats at the end of his career.
iwantfrysREBORN::so what if they stopped their skid, they beat the cavs. AT HOME. Geezus ESPN treats this like the Lakers got a big win or something.
Joey White25::Kobe sucks at D, all he cares about now are his stats. He doesn't even care about winning all he cares about is that he has the best stats on his team.     "I'm playing the best I've played in years."    Kobe Bryant with the Lakers sitting below .500
Spinozzza::Earl Clark appears to be developing into a pretty good player and the Lakers will soon deem Gasol to be totally expendable.  However, they are stuck with his huge contract.
Black Mamba Forces anal::The Cavs already beat the lakers. Verajo was injured this time
climb171::Dwight Howard beasting.  Lakers need to work the ball to Dwight instead of settling for long range Kobricks.
mdgomillion::Earl Clark, as a Lakers fan who know we need youth why was this guy getting so many DNP Coach D. When trade first happen i felt he was a below the radar steal in the deal. We don't play Ebanks either.  Remember Mke D was ready to waive Lin until injuries forced his hand. This dude don't know talent.
thwalls::This Lakers team is built to win in 2008, not now. Nash and Gasol are just to old and the lakers as a whole aren't athletic enough to contend with teams like the Clippers and heat
sockmedock::howard and kobe together wouldnt have worked then either!
Looks good on u tho::Or about 10 other teams in the NBA
The Vikings Secondary Is Pressing Rape Charges On Rodgers::Lets not start sucking each other's dicks just yet. This was 1 win against a very bad team.
el_dude00::Uh...the sucking has started already. Plenty of delusional fans calling a deep playoff run after this win.
LakersAtSonics1995::Yeah, but the Lakers sure haven't been much more than a bad team anyway, right?
freezyf42::Lakers get a W with out Ball Hogg shooting more than the other starters combined!!!
NYK199::get a life
Chris31708::Dwightmare will <b>never</b> have a season similar to Shaq's in 2000.
sockmedock::he will never have an offensive year close to shaq's worse before he left LA
why are nfl players the only footballers to be padded up::kobe &gt; mj 81 pts 5 rings thats all that matters..  KOBE GOAT
chukhustle::Check this out  http://www.silverscreenandroll.com/2013/1/11/3864814/kobe-bryant-is-ruining-kobe-bryants-historic-season
sockmedock::kobe flat out sucks to only have 5 rings playing in a VERY lackluster era and playing on those great teams!
LakersAtSonics1995::KOBE POSTERIZED WILT IN 1969 TOO
Gary_Buseys_teeth::Kobe over Magic Johnson?
bballfballfan::oh yea! the lakers are on a 1 game winning streak!...i can smell the laker parade already
Looks good on u tho::We like to state our winning streak in hours - not games.  A 17-hour winning streak sounds a whole lot more intimidating and impressive than a 1-game winning streak....  Don't you think?
Chris31708::No playoffs for Dwightmare this year!
Chute99::Man, what kind of shat will they sell Lakers fans during the Grammy trip?
hopelena05::Cleveland Cleveland we talking about Cleveland man
sportsfan1014::only 5 bricks from Kobe, &amp; he only took 14 shots, that's why Lakers won last night.
Chute99::Love how the ESPN LA hype machine is already gearing up for the Shat they will shove down gullible Lakers fans' throats if LA beats the Heat.   She shat is so predictable.   Hey, D Howard was never injured, and Gasol is being held back because they are trying to trade his $@%!.
soulsnake::have the lakers stooped this low, that they had to bring howard back against the cavs.
Championship Mouth::yes..........they did
Looks good on u tho::Lakers are now on a 17-hour winning streak....  Playoffs here we come.
Adam8066::LMAO!!
lakers2013chumpzzzzzzzz::2009: Kobe took 99 more shots, LeBron scored 103 more points   2010: Kobe took 41 more shots, LeBron scored 288 more points   2011: Kobe took 154 more shots, LeBron scored 33 more points
bankerelm::Lebron has more points because Joey Crawford signed with the Heat
Looks good on u tho::"You're Welcome."  - Kobe
EspnIssecond::ESPN: Howard returns and Lakers stop losing skid.   WTF, I won that game. --Kobe
Kobe Blames Pau for his bricks::So disappointed in the Cavs not beating the mediocre Lakers.
The one and only rainmaker::Yay.. Lakers are 1-0 from their new season
HARBAUGH-BOWL-2013::Howard just needs to keep a box of Midol nearby when he feels like going off on people!
UWBadgers442::BREAKING NEWS: RIHANNA HAS DECIDED TO START DATING THE LOS ANGELES LAKERS DUE TO THE FACT THEY DON'T BEAT ANYBODY
Kobe Blames Pau for his bricks::Haaaaaaaaa
Markisha0881::Lol
ucangetthebozackagain2::Come on, you can do better than that...
Magic Man 1986::Recycled joke
Magic Man 1986::According to Mike D'Antoni our season just started so we are 1-0 baby
ucangetthebozackagain2::Good luck with that...
FTLakerFan::Standout Laker last night was Earl Clark for sure, guy played his $@% off, 100% effort, guy deserves to start.
Delusional Lakers Fan::watch him make the all star game...maybe even with 6th man of the year award.
Magic Man 1986::He's a beast
FTLakerFan::Amazing win last night, Lakers on their way to number 17................................................uh sorry, got a little carried away, last night's win doesnt mean s hit
Looks good on u tho::It does get them one step closer to 17.......  wins, that is.
Magic Man 1986::A win is a win quit crying
Looks good on u tho::Unfortunately, Lakers only play against Kyrie Irving twice a year....  Which means Laker fans only get to see Kobe play defense twice a year.
FTLakerFan::whos crying, im pissed off that this team is wasting a chance to compete for the title, no matter who is the coach, no matter if Pau is any good or not, this team is way better than their record but they spend their time looking for excuses instead of just playing hard
kbensk::~*LaKeRs 2013*~
Looks good on u tho::Can't argue with that.
Looks good on u tho::Anybody else think it is funny that the NBA sends Milwaukee on a 4 game west coast road trip....  that begins in Toronto?
Delusional Lakers Fan::Lakers beat the Cavs and when they beat the Bucks, they'll show the world that they're back.
FTLakerFan::is that really all it takes
Magic Man 1986::Every time the Heat come down to a buzzer beater Lebron has the ball and kicks it to a set shooter lmao this man is such a choke artist it's unreal   3.....2.....1.....  Lebron for the .............assist
tungcn2010::This is the result when Kobe shoots less than 20 attempts per game!
Looks good on u tho::Lakers working on a 16-hour winning streak.....
NuthinButSweat::Looks good on us, right?
Daniel LaRusso 84::Torn labrum my a.ss Dwight!
Looks good on u tho::Did you press charges for assult?
NuthinButSweat::^ sucks that you are such a $@%!$@% Heat fan-you got potential son.
Daniel LaRusso 84::Damien Lillard is the Rookie of the Year.  No question.  I just hope he doesn't have the Damon Stoudamire Syndrome.
ucangetthebozackagain2::So far anyway...
Daniel LaRusso 84::Nobody has answered my question, who is this Earl Clark?  I know who Robert Sacre is.  But who is this Earl Clark?
ucangetthebozackagain2::You have to give him credit, he's likely to be the first person there...
Delusional Lakers Fan::watch the all star game this year.  watch who embarrasses Lebron.  then you'll know who Earl Clark is.
NuthinButSweat::Earl Clark is #6 for the LAKERS.  You know, we beat the CAVS last night and we're sharpening up our elbows for the Heat(less).  LeBron is gonna get got
Looks good on u tho::Who's Lebron?
Daniel LaRusso 84::To Hell with Earl Clark, why are you on Earl's nut sac?
BlazersWar::you only need to know this kid:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e76sp2-DIRc
NuthinButSweat::Now, you're making sense.  I like both of those guys.  They should be LAKERS
BlazersWar::what's your opinion on Damian Lillard? I say he is RoY already and maybe an All-Star. Him and Kyrie Irving gonna rock the PG position the next 7 to 10 years
Daniel LaRusso 84::Oh.
Delusional Lakers Fan::Even if we don't make the playoffs, we'll still do good in the Lottery.  We're the Lakers!  We're still the team that everyone is afraid of playing.
ucangetthebozackagain2::The "Earl Clark" thing is just beautiful; keep it up...
BlazersWar::oh my goodness ... I first didn't read your name while I was responding to one of your posts ... you are one of the less talented trolls in here
Delusional Lakers Fan::enough to fool you :)
Delusional Lakers Fan::too bad your pick is going to phoenix haha
Delusional Lakers Fan::troll
Magic Man 1986::Lakers Vs Knicks 2013 Finals
Daniel LaRusso 84::Blazers &gt; Lakers.  8th seed will go to the Blazers while the Lakers watch the Playoffs in the Summer.
BlazersWar::I hope the Blazers can climb some spots higher...
Delusional Lakers Fan::we have earl clark.  you don't  enough said.  have fun in the lottery.
Daniel LaRusso 84::Again, who is this Earl Clark and why do you keep mentioning him?
Daniel LaRusso 84::Heat Vs Clippers for the 2013 NBA Championship.
NuthinButSweat::The Heat are not going to the Finals this year.  Come on man!!! The Clippers will get bounced by the second round and OKC will run out of class...
Delusional Lakers Fan::clippers?  are you kidding.  stop trolling.  lakers should be in the finals and they'll sweep ANY team from the east.    get your facts straight
Daniel LaRusso 84::Lakers are the joke of the season.  Get your facts straight.
Daniel LaRusso 84::The Heat will repeat this year.
BlazersWar::Lakers now celebrating a win over the Cavs? How cute...
Delusional Lakers Fan::we will celebrate in June as well.  go lakers!  2013 champs!
Looks good on u tho::Delusional:  I really expect the trolls to catch on at some point.  But they never do.
BlazersWar::yeah sure.... in your dreams. Honestly I hope you make the playoffs, on one hand it would be a shame if that HoF-roster wouldn't make it there, on the other it will be much better seeing you getting embarrassed again (that Mavs sweep was so sweet)
Magic Man 1986::you have a Championship trophy for your picture? How cute...
Magic Man 1986::Heat won't make the finals this year  - FACT
Delusional Lakers Fan::they won't even make the playoffs.  it doesn't matter who comes out of the east, lakers will still sweep them in the finals.
Daniel LaRusso 84::Any kids who want to learn basketball there is only one player to watch right now......LeBron James.  Playmaker, leader, defender, and Champion.
BlazersWar::Damian Lillard is the real deal.
Steve91406::Yep, that's why Lebron fans are all naive kids.
Magic Man 1986::LeChoke
Daniel LaRusso 84::You know he is the Best.
Daniel LaRusso 84::LeChoke on Deez Nutz?
rex_coach::Bozack, Springfresh3.1, I'm out... Peace
Magic Man 1986::Kobe = 5 rings  Lebron = .5 rings
