Michael Shen::Hope Dirk and Kyrie go off today, two of my favorite players!! Go Cavs!!
Lester Ayers::I don't understand how ellis the 2nd leading score on the team leads the team in assist can go 4 or 5 trips and not touch the ball..........can anybody give an explanation
Derek Mustachi::Cavs are so unpredictable, this is pretty dissapointing from them after playing better recently.
Jose Velez::They played a good veteran team in Dallas. This wasn't going to be an easy game.  They got off to a slow start and never recovered. They outscored Dallas in the 2nd half.
Vin Turner::Jose Velez So what, they still lost, they are still the same stink Cavs team with or without L.Deng.
Jose Velez::Vin Turner thanks Kenny "the Jet" Smith.
Drew Grundfor::Kyrie has Melo disease...10-25...and a pg. SHeesh.
Matt O'Brien::It was inefficient, but he missed shots he normally makes. That's not being a chucker, it's having a bad shooting day. And that isn't why the Cavs lost, they lost because they got 8 points from the bench. In order to win with that, you needed 95 from your 5 starters. They came up short.
Taylor Manes::He's always bad..I don't see why people categorise him with d rose,Chris Paul,tony parker,rondo,curry,lilliard... He's not on their level yet ...the only pgs he's better than is Felton and chalmers, but chalmers got 2 rings..oops.
Chris Bates::Taylor Manes D rose? Kyrie is on D rose's level. At least he can stay healthy for more than 10 games a season...
David Glickfield IV::On my way to the Q. Let's go Cavs!!! Welcome to Cleveland Luol.
Trevor Oestreich::Let's Go Cavs!
Aeron Uchiha::I am just wondering why Dallas' opponents almost always are successful in making a run at the last quarter. Seems Mavs are always short of gas at the end quarter. But it makes the game more exciting.
Brett Reid::wow.. dallas you lose this and shame on you.. this is pathetic
Scott Struble::The Mavs bench won this game.  33 points.
Robert Reno::WTF is wrong with Carlisle again..even though the Mavs win,Blair and Wright 34 mins combined and 23 pts between them...Blair had his 13 at the half,so he must not have been playing too much in the second half,and then Ellington didnt play at all,after the big 4th quarter in the Mavs loss to the Blazers.......we dont need Harris that much and he shoots 1-7,Carter 1-9.....another giant lead blown with not much offense in the second half 60-43...come on Carlisle play the guys that score and shoot a high percentage and sit the cold shooting guys
Chris Bates::Why you complaining? The Mavs still won the game, calm down.
Robert Reno::Chris Bates i know they won,im glad....but one play kept them from another embarrassing loss,which was  almost was a rerun of the Clippers game that they lost after a big lead
Chris Bates::Robert Reno Your post is irrelevant then because they won the game...
Rick Voorhees::Where was Dion, the guy plays 17mins, only has 4 shots...Isn't it up to the PG to get the ball to the right people.  Does Kyrie like freezing out Dion, total crap!!  it's obvious that the Cavs need to trade Dion to a team that needs a scorer, the Cavs have CJ Miles and Jarret Jack and Delaveaga probably misspelled his name to come in.
Curtis James Bliss::All 4 shots are step back 20 footers off the dribble... Dion has had suspect shot selection. Dindt help that Eliis torched him every time Dion tried to guard him.
Curtis James Bliss::Another important game here for the Cavs as the season officially hits the midway point. Its vital to start off a 5 game home stand with a W after a great 3-2 West coast trip. Would love to see the Cavs come out of this stretch 4-1. After this small stretch of games, I think we can get a good assessment of how the Deng era will go for the Cavs, and a 7-3 start would be very nice.
Justin Stenger::lol get over it already, kid. LeBron ain't coming back!
Chris Bates::Justin Stenger How do you know? There's a 50-50 chance that he DOES comeback KID.
Curtis James Bliss::Justin Stenger yea NERD! Things Remembered is stoopid! KID
Bill Hart::I'm comparing apples and oranges, but is it possible Lombardi and Banner had anything to do with the Cavs using the #1 pick in the draft to select a player who doesn't seem to be able to drop a ball and hit the floor.  They've gotten deeper, but it seems to stop at six players at best.
Ikenna Nwaghanata::It was Haaslam.
Dylan Parker McKeage::He'll get better! He was like that in college. He's just got to get used to the speed of the NBA. Tons of potential. Just got to develop him
Bruno Berardi::5 second violation! They couldn't get inbounds pass in, These are pros we're talking about. they get that pass in Dallas fouls them up by 3, they get 2 shots or they try and hit the 3. anything can happen, 2pts and they cover the game. Horrible home loss
A.j. Skiba::Two things struck me during pre-game introductions for the Cavs... 1.) Is there a better pre-game intro/show in the NBA than the Cavs have? 2.) I absolutely love the Cavs starting 5 with Deng. I believe it's one of the top lineups in the East.
Michael John::Bulls introduction is the best in the NBA
Drew Grundfor::top lineups in any conference don't get embarrassed by 25 points at halftime.
Wayne Yeager::top lineup in the east? lol.  NO way they close to Indiana and Miami, and being 3rd in the East means you would be nearly last in the Western Conference.
Jeffrey Nicholas::Hard to believe what a train wreck the Cavs are with... was it 4 top 5 draft picks? That's the same number as the Heat until Oden came back.  I really do feel for Cleveland fans. Its tough watching a franchise being chronically mismanaged.
Jon Zimmer::Yes because 4 top 5 picks in their prime after years of evaluating mostly from the strongest draft in the last decade is totally the same thing as 4 rookies evaluated before playing a single game in the NBA out of 3 weak draft classes
Jeffrey Nicholas::Jon Zimmer I didn't say they were equivalent situations, just that they were equivalent draft picks. I mean, if the Heat were running with Beasley, Bennett, Evan Turner, and Bosh for example, they probably wouldn't be very good either.  Its just hard to believe the contrast... the Cavs have gone completely bottoms up. I mean, if the Knicks pull off a win today, the two teams immediately behind Cleveland are Boston and Philadelphia which have both intentionally created rosters devoid of talent.
Jon Zimmer::Jeffrey Nicholas The situations share no similarities other then the numbers picked that's like saying its hard to believe the knicks aren't champions because they have Andrea Bargnani a number 1 pick because the heat won a  championship with LeBron who was a number 1 pick
Shawn Wallace::Either we trade for monroe(pistons) or we call around to see what we can get for kyrie while his value is sky high.... I think TT & first rd pick should get it done...
Brett Reid::I'll give it to the cav's announcers, have to be the most optimistic announcers in the whole league, continuously praising a really really bad team like they're world champs
Shawn Bento::everyone downing Irving didn't watch the game.  he almost single-handedly brought the Cavs back in the 3rd quarter
Lester Ayers::he was 10 of 27
Robert Reno::Lester Ayers 1-8 in the fourth quarter
Curtis James Bliss::Robert Reno  16 points in the 3rd quarter. Didnt get any calls at the rim in the 4th.
Brian Brashear::Only 28 free throws total (both teams); Each team averages about 20 per game (last years stats).  Let 'em play.
Michael Greenawalt::We shall see how Deng does on his new home court.   Hopefully he won't walk into the visitor's locker room out of habit!
Rolando Mercado::ellis has been shooting 50% this past week. including 0-4 against the clippers.
Jon Zimmer::Officially turned it off this has been the worst officiating I have seen all year.
Steve Klingensmith::anyone else notice andy is averaging 4+ assist a game since deng trade
Jose Velez::Anderson Varejao is just a beast on the boards. 20 more rebounds today.
Vin Turner::Still lost.
Curtis James Bliss::Vin Turner and still a beast
Vin Turner::Curtis James Bliss And when is all that beast stuff is gonna turn into beast wins? Answer, NEVER!!
Hoang Nguyen::Kyrie Irving 26 shots to score 26 points.. No he isnt overrated at all..
Curtis James Bliss::Off shooting night, got no calls at the rim. Not sure how that makes him overrated...
Hoang Nguyen::Curtis James Bliss what makes him overrated is how espn hypes him up so much, but what has he actually done? he supposed to be the leader of this team but every year they struggle to win 25 games. His team mates hate him for hogging the ball so much they actually want to leave. Only reason everybody hypes him up so much is because cleveland need another superstar to worship like they did lebron. So naturally they hype up the next best player.  If kyrie wasnt on the cavs everybody would be hyping up dion waiters
Vin Turner::Hoang Nguyen EXACTLY, THE CAVS WILL NOT PROGRESS UNTIL THEY GET RID OF iRVING!!
