Lance Baldwin::KD is on a complete different level than Paul George.
Scott Scotts::Top Performers Indiana: P. George 32 Pts, 5 Reb, 3 Stl Oklahoma City: K. Durant 36 Pts, 10 Reb, 5 Ast, 1 Stl  Yea, the separation is huge...
Adam Youman::Wow...i think durant heard some of the pacer fans saying PG > Durant and answered with this spectacular opening
Nate Rose::what fan said pg is better..never saw it
Corey Pyle::Nate Rose There was someone who said. Someone I don't recall ever seeing on here before. It was a very isolated incident but it gets a lot of likes to bring it up...
Nate Rose::Corey Pyle this guy has nothing better to do than rag on pacers, cause his beloved bulls are once again done
Ian K-wizzie::"Your defence is.........cute." --- Kevin Durant
Nate Rose::at least spell defense right
Shawn Bento::Nate Rose, it can be spelled either way, intelligent one
Nate Rose::Shawn Bento ummmm, not in the basketball sense, intelligent one...
Tyler Tinsley::Westbrook is completely abusing George Hill.  Durant is toying with Paul George.
Adam Youman::lol the only shots russell has missed are 3-pt shots. which is expected. but throw in those 6 assists and rebounds...what a beast
Richard Haughton::Durant Aint toying with him.  But Durant offense is Superior To Paul Defense.  AND Vice Versa.  Paul George DID go for 32 tonight.
Adam Youman::Richard Haughton durant never was really great on d...just an offensive monster
Alexander Banks::I didn't catch the game, but I kind of figured my Pacers would have run out of gas on the tail-end of that murderer's row of a five game road trip.   I have the utmost respect for OKC, but no way does a rested Pacers squad that is first in the league at defensive points allowed give up 118.   Nevertheless, good win, Thunder. It's no mystery that you have a heck of a team, and I'm a Durant fan myself, so it's not a terrible pill to swallow.   See you in April!
Gary Webb::Thunder blew out the Pacers the game before AT HOME for Pacers...... 8 points in the 4th quarter for the Pacers..... LAUGHABLE
Samuel Weekes::Like wise.... send the Heat our reguards
Alexander Banks::Gary Webb, I'm not the guy to get a rise out of. I'm too even tempered, and I try to maintain perspective.   A really good team had a really good game against another really good team who didn't really have the gas to bring their game.   Nothing more; nothing less.   This wasn't Game 7. It was just game (lower-case "g") five of a five game road trip. The Pacers are legit. See you in April.
Willie Woodberry::Westbrook > Hill Sefolosha < Stephenson Durant > George Ibaka > West Perkins < Any starting NBA Center
Corey Pyle::Ibaka may be more athletic and the better defender, but West is EASILY the better offensive player and is actually a really good defender. Ibaka decidedly > West in athleticism. West decidedly > Ibaka in intangibles/IQ/passing. I'd just call it a wash
Willie Woodberry::Corey Pyle Ibaka is averaging 14.8 points a game and West 12.9... Not sure how you can say "EASILY" when Ibaka scores more PPG than West... doesn't make sense.
Adam Youman::Corey Pyle lol no. listen to these stats:   Serge Ibaka: 14.8 ppg, 50.5% fg, 27.3% 3-pt, 10.3 rpg, 2.6 blk, PER: 18.73 David West: 12.9 ppg, 45.7% fg, 20% 3-pt, 7.4 rpg, 1.2 blk, PER: 18.24  Other than the PER (which is still slightly better), serge is overwhelmingly better in every stat. Conclusion? Serge >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>West
Brandon Gamble::Pacers are the Bulls from a couple years ago! Wasting countless energy on Reg season trying to prove a point that their better than the heat.  But as we all know only playoffs and Finals Define HEAT NATION!
Alan Ogg::amen brotha
Maxine Brandmark::Let the Pacers win the regular season let them have the #1 seed, it makes no difference to the Heat and wasn't this the narrative with Boston and Chicago??? And how did that work out for those teams??? See you in June San Antonio!
Lindsay Crampton::Great game OKC...Im sure we'll both still be playing in June, see ya then Pacers/Thunder finals
Peter Vrouhas::Another Dillusional Pacer fan, thinking they will be in the finals this year.
Adam Smith::Another person who can't spell "delusional".
Alan Ogg::LOL! thunder? they didnt even make it in 2012 how will they win this time? and pacers? hahahaha
Nate Rose::ill say this..thunder fans arent near as humble as the spurs fans of last night.  One loss and its "pg sucks" "their defense sucks" "pacers are weak"..guess what thunder fans..well still be the number 1 team in the league even with this loss...realize the nasty road stretch we just had, and maybe quit being such dbags...
Matt Borba::Most of the people in here aren't Thunder fans. So we can stop that little comparison right now.
Latece K Christmon::So you generalize all the Thunder fans from the ESPN board?  That make no sense.............
Nate Rose::Latece K Christmon i never said all fans..i just said fans..not one sign of disrespect from the spurs chat last night..just saying..
Jonathan Spooner::The Thunder are beasts man, especially at home, I got to give it to them, they put it to my Pacers tonight. 3-2 against the best in the west though, not a bad trip at all. Now its back home for the big one against the heat. Go Pacers and destroy the Heat #pacernation
Alexander Banks::I was thinking the same thing. When I saw how bad the schedule makers screwed us on this five game gauntlet, I said to myself a 3-2 going back home is a success. The Spurs and Thunder are way too good to beat both on back to back nights.
Shawn Bento::Thunder are just unstoppable at home.  All other teams might as well not even show up.
Daymeon Craig::Pacers and thunder undefeated at home
Ruben Gld::i  bet you they have losses at home by the time the season ends. calm down. a little too early in the season to say that.
Debra Quick::This is what the Pacer's have to look forward to. They better pace themselves because they are doing the most right now. As soon as Westbrook stepped back on the court from injury, the Thunder, once again became title contenders. I want to like the Pacer's but they have the "big head". Roy Hibbert is no longer the humble guy. I am glad that the Thunder ran rough shot over them. As for my Heatles, they know how to pace themselves. We all know that the race is not won by the swift.
Cory Nope::Humble got them bounced from the eastern conference finals. Its a GOOD thing that theyre developing an attitude. They dont have to win 79 games in the regular season to win a title. 50-60 tends to be the norm lol
Keith Haemmerle::It's "rough shod" not rough shot. I'd worry about the fact that the Heat struggle on the road with bad teams. The Pacers have lost to the Bulls in Chicago when Rose was playing, to Portland at home and to the Thunder at home. No shame in losing to good teams on the road...Now, tell me, who have the Heat lost to?
Al Sotowitz::Keith Haemmerle  No one in the finals the past 2 years.
Willie Woodberry::In hindsight, 2010 was the worst draft in Thunder history. We passed on Eric Bledsoe, Quincy Pondexter Greivis Vásquez, and Lance Stephenson.... the 2 players we got (Cole Aldrich and Daniel Orton) don't even play for us now... 3 years later.
Nate Rose::well one up you..we took tinsley over parker
Willie Woodberry::I don't think Parker would be the same player without Pop and Duncan
Brian G. McKenney::Eh....I think we survived lol
Jimmy Cooley::All 3 Pacers losses this year come on a back end of a back to back. They still have yet to be beat with a day between games.
Andreo Miller::All three are on the road.
Latece K Christmon::I'm a Thunder fan, but is any Pacer player trying to hold Durant?  Durant might break 50 tonight.
Adam Youman::where is that stellar D from PG?....
Corey Pyle::Adam Youman Idk maybe he's tired from putting up 32 points on the the 2nd night of a B2B and 5th straight road game in week. Maybe...
Corey Pyle::Where was Durant at trying to check George? Oh that's right, he got to save his legs for offense
Shawn Bento::When will people realize OKC doesn't need Harden to win ballgames?
Tommy Romeo::Who cares about the regular season?  They will never win a championship with Westbrook as their PG.
Daymeon Craig::Not ball games but championships
Shawn Bento::Oh look, Nostradumbass Tommy is back for his regular Westbrook/Thunder trolling.
Corey Pyle::It's funny, last night Spurs fans said things about how that was worst they've seen them shoot all year and they just didn't have it but credited the Pacers for just outplaying their team on both ends.   Nobody challenged or had a problem because they were telling the complete truth. One team could play bad and another ALSO play well and still have room for respect.   So... really good game by the Thunder, a tip o' the hat to them. They played lights out...one of the, if not THE toughest team at home. I'm content with 3-2 for the Pacers on this trip facing 4 out of the top 6 teams in the league. I look forward to the game in Indy.  Good luck the rest of the way Thunder fans!
Patrick Oliver::Hopefully you Pacer fans now get a good understanding of the difference between playing in the East, and playing in the West. This little "murderers row" 5 game road trip you guy's just went through is what West teams go through 5-6 times a year. Nice to see the 4 seed in the East have a losing record...13 seed in the West would be the 7 seed in the East. Just sad
James Eun::what other teams have to play the top 5 teams a span of 10 days? I'm sure if we played all those teams in a row even at home they would have lost 1 or 2. East may be weak, but don't mistake pacers and miami as weak teams.
Patrick Oliver::James Eun It all evens out in the end. Pacers go from Dec. 13th - Jan 16th (12 games) and only face 1 team with a winning record (Atlanta Hawks 11-10) Clearly life is easier when everyone in your division has a losing record, and only 2 other teams in the whole East have a winning record
James Eun::good teams beat the teams they are given. several elite teams haven't. Plus pacers were only badly beaten by one west team.... so i don't really understand what your trying to say....
Eric Wagoner::I dunno why you OKC fans are already counting out the Pacers. Better watch out there is still another half to play. Not saying the Pacers will for sure come back, just think it's a little early to call the game. You are playing one of the best if not the best teams in the league right now.
Ayn Bland::Tell me, whether the Pacer win or lose..  Was that the first half of a champion?
Eric Wagoner::Pacers come back and win.
Arqenii's Fernández::Eric Wagoner So u think Pacers still have any chances to win this game? lol
Michael Owens::Another game, another chance to prove people wrong. Go Pacers !! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_WuoPAiUWkc
Clinton Anthony::They proved me right they shouldn't be ranked number one at no time.
Jay Zee::Funny to hear these "Pacer" fans talk and talk crap on these espn boards.  Yes I admit you have a great shot at a Title this yr and may be the favorites and all that but where were all of you when the Pacers were mediocre averaging like 35 wins a yr from 2007-2011?  You also ranked near last in attendance those seasons as well.  Now you start out 18-3 and all act like hard Pacer fans.  Teams like the Bulls and Knicks sellout their places and have road fans who travel well whether they win 14 games or win 60 some games and are Elite.  And don't use the big market vs small market card as an excuse...the Utah Jazz suck big time and I believe have better attendance this season than Pacers (or at least in the seasons Pacers were winning 30 or so games).  Even Heat Fans (who are frontrunners as well) didn't do as bad attendance-wise than Pacers.  Great team this season but frontrunner fans.  Bob Millikan can attest to this and he lives in Indy.
Bob Gay::Jay Zee Ever realized that Indiana has a generally smaller stadium than most NBA teams?
Christopher Benavides::Key thing no one is noticing the Pacers were at SA yesterday and won, winning on a second night of a back to back is tough for any team...no matter how good they are
Ayn Bland::Oh, didn't see the B2B excuse coming at all..  I don't cut the Thunder any slack on B2Bs.
Latece K Christmon::Ayn Bland Exactly, it's basically pre-loss talk excuse.
Matt Borba::Ayn Bland It's okay, they're new to this elite status. Soon they'll realize the top teams in the NBA don't get any slack on B2B games.
Nate Rose::watching the game, i realized one thing....knicks are still terrible
Adam Youman::The Thunder Offense didnt feel a thing from "the best defense in the world"
Nate Rose::teams have off nights..no need to put quotation marks around the best defense in the world..we still are bub
Corey Pyle::Nate Rose Adam is now a Bulls fan converting to a Thunder fan...mainly when they play the Pacers
Ayn Bland::Lulz..  Thunder showing the "best defenders in history" how it's done.
Shane Fitzgerald::Vladimir Tsalyuk is 2-18 in his predictions of Pacers games. I like our odds.
