Varsity Thespian Society::Here's another plea... Please fire Smart.  Please find someone who can put together a game plan.  Find anyone who can connect with his players.
Ilovechicken2::When was the last time the kings won a game?
funyuns72::Using a bet system called Sportsbettingstar. Ive made 3k a monththe past couple months now just following this systems picks.
funyuns72::Following a bet system called sportsbettingstar. Im making around $3000 each month I follow this system. You can find this system online by searching the internet for sports betting systems
Nash_Owns_LA::Question for the handful of loyal Kings fans out there, will you still root for the Kings once they become the Sonics? Or become a fan of another Cali team or a different team?
crazymexicanbeer::Did seattle fans become fans of the portland blazers or thunder? stop with the ignorant questions
Nash_Owns_LA::Actually yes I am willing to say there were a handful of Sonics fans that became Blazers fans, and some that stayed loyal with their team when they moved to OKC. Stop with the ignorant answers moron.
crazymexicanbeer::You guys are idiots and have no idea what you are talking about. The kings had some of the best attendance in the league, up until the magoofs threw everything to crap, and had the lowest salary for season after season.  THey sold out for the first 873 games out of 922 games.  When they were competitive and actually spending money on players the kings sold out for about 8 straight seasons.
MarinersBaseball08::I hope they will root for us though. Seems like we got a real home town hero of a sports fan for the main owner. Seems like a good thing.
Nash_Owns_LA::I hope so, as a Suns/former Pistons fan I never minded the Sonics, always respected them. It was sickening as a neutral fan what that crook Stern and his buddy Bennett did.
MarinersBaseball08::That area if sports is just bad. The A's are one of the all time great teams they cant sell out World Series games. Kings couldnt sell things when they were winning. And the raiders dont get many people these days either
Nash_Owns_LA::That and Golden State is based out of Oakland/SF, which is not that far away from Sacramento. Two teams in that vicinity is too much.
MarinersBaseball08::Seattle Fans didnt become thunder fans. So im guessing they are going to hate seattle just like we hate the thunder
Nash_Owns_LA::True, but Seattle had their team truly stolen from them. The writing has been on the wall for Sacramento for years, it blows my mind that a city like that even had a team in the first place.
MarinersBaseball08::I dont think russ said it well enough  Theeeeee Seattttleeeee SUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUPPPPPPEEEERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR SONICS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Russ328::Seattle suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuperrrrrrr sonics
JacobyJ4::Hey kings fans, Jimmer fans or both... please go retweet my tweet to Chris Paul to push for Jimmer in the 3pt shootout... would be nice to have a king in all-star weekend!   Link below....sorry if there is an easier way to do this I do not know it... please retweet it...  Jonathon Santiago of Cowbell kingdom told me it would be our best shot at getting him in... So retweet it and lets see if we can get him in!  https://twitter.com/lidd88
JTiger83::So if you are a Kings fan, do you actually want the No. 1 pick this year or would you prefer the Kings check in at around No. 7 so they can concentrate on finding someone who will actually pass the ball first instead of looking for his own shot first?
joshsy77::well, the kings got the cbb consensus best player and won't play him - so what point would a 1st pick bring?
Markiemormon::If he could play, he would be playing. He's all hype...
Awkoder::Maybe you should be asking Sonic's fans instead.
Go_Sounders::Umm the Kings are moving to Seattle next year. Been in a coma for a few weeks or just stuck under a rock?
potter the rotter::So what? The draft goes on, regardless of where the team is situated.
ACRoyals::lol, we're 17-31 and still playing John Salmons 33 minutes a night, mean while T-Rob only plays 7 and Jimmer plays 4.
sonicsarebackjack::well t rob usually plays more but jimmers white so no hope there as long as smart is coaching
Jordan Jefferson is the greatest QB of all time.::SUCK IT SEATTLE!
Sh4k4zulu::phillyphever,  main issue i got with hawes at 4 is that he wont be able to cover melo or lebron - thad at least is fast enough to stay infront of them - against most teams yeah but against top power forwards in the east? no way  i do like idea of hawes playing alongside of bynum - i'm sure we'll see it in games no doubt BUT to start need some speed against Lebron and Melo
stephenson1mattbyu::anyone who think stats matter needs to go watch a replay of the game where Tyreke got that 20-5-5 record his rookie season against the Houston rockets. From that day forward I have never been a Evans fan. The Kings were leading by 13 in the 4th quarter and then Evans goes 1on1 the rest of the game try to get his 4 points to get the record and goes on to miss the shot or turnover the ball on almost every possession. When he finally got the record in that game (after they blew the game) the Sacramento fan started cheering and it just made me livid. He threw the game for some stupid record when there was still like 2 or 3 games left in the season.  If you aren't playing smart team basketball while putting up the stats it means NOTHING
stephenson1mattbyu::it wasn't tied. The Kings were up by double digits and then Trevor Ariza got hot because Evans took so many terrible shots and turned the ball over like crazy
PhillyPhever.FlyEaglesFly::when he actually got the record it was a tie game
stephenson1mattbyu::uhhh the attitude. If you approach basketball like that looking for individual records over team success then it says something about where you priorities are. It is no suprise to me that the Kings and Evans haven't improved over the years with the type of players that were put on this team and the mentality that the approach the game with. The only players I respect on the Kings team is Hayes,Jimmer and Thompson (still undecided on Robinson).
PhillyPhever.FlyEaglesFly::Also when he got the record the game was tied so he didn't "blow the game" because of it
Sh4k4zulu::yeah no chance to make playoffs might as well have fun
PhillyPhever.FlyEaglesFly::if they were already eliminated then whats the big deal?
PhillyPhever.FlyEaglesFly::Two wins in a row for the first time since...november?
JacobyJ4::Why was the first half a replay of the Boston game... I have never seen such stupidity ... Can the maloofs please just step in and fire smart.. Let English run the team.. At least he may be able to learn from his mistakes..
RambisFan0116::aren't the English more apt in Football??
JacobyJ4::Alex English
razzledazzletj81::36 shots for IT and Evans, 1 for Jimmer.
newthansen2303::I minus the 6 free throws IT got for flopping lol. That's 5 grand a flop so Stern should fine Thomas 10,000 lol
stephenson1mattbyu::^^^
razzledazzletj81::and another loss,  respectively
nargash::24-29 points respectively
PhillyPhever.FlyEaglesFly::evans played well but IT didn't
Charley Varrick::They should have a rooney rule for white players!
jordanhawkins2001::kings wasted there picks on cousins tyreke. jimmer= sucks kings suck
Sh4k4zulu::when bynum comes back what lineup do you wanna see?  1. Jru 2. Swaggy P 3. ET 4. Thad 5. Bynum
imissibanez::i like it, our bench would b stronger
Sh4k4zulu::think about people playing 4 lately  Zach Randolf, Carmelo, Lebron... thad &gt; hawes but i think hawes &gt; lavoy so lavoy should play backup 4 with hawes as backup 5
PhillyPhever.FlyEaglesFly::I think hawes and bynum can work really well together because hawes is softer, but great at passing. put hawes at the elbow bynum down low and do work. hawes can gaurd the 4
PhillyPhever.FlyEaglesFly::Yeah defense is the issue, but from a strictly offensive prospective, hawes goes really well with bynum
Sh4k4zulu::1. Holiday 2. ET 3. Thad 4. Hawes? 5. Bynum  I'd rather have thad at the 4 cause bynum will be slow, so at least thad can run back quicker defensively till bynum strolls back
imissibanez::i like that lineup.that way spence and lavoy will be fresh to come in for bynum,they will still get good pt
bballdon32::gotta keep swaggy in
Sh4k4zulu::i honestly like j rich BUT swaggy sounds blazed up when he speaks i dunno i hope sixers sign him for a few more years
Sh4k4zulu::and the king fans thought they didn't have a shot to win this game - they really think sixers are better lol we're LUCKY we won this game
PhillyPhever.FlyEaglesFly::not even a little. we had a lousy 3rd but played pretty well besides that
DaKing0325_::I'm glad we got the win, but Jrue really has to cut down on the turnovers    It's really starting to annoy me
xkizarux::no shi/t. 7 assist and 8 turnovers is going to cut it when this team becomes good enough to be a contender. hopefully he will get t out of his system after this year, especially considering it is his first true year as a NBA PG.
Sh4k4zulu::jru was 2 TO away from a double double
nargash::Nick Young should keep the starting job too..!!
CoreyGallagherArt::Great game from Thad, Jrue needs to seriously do something about his turnovers, he's my favorite player, but it's getting embarrassing.
xkizarux::It is rather annoying. Defenses can force a couple of turnovers, but 8 is just playing sloppy. Collins needs to help him fix this.
bballdon32::and more importantly its costing us games
CoreyGallagherArt::On the same token, he's single handedly winning us games as well
nargash::Please trade IT from this team, he is too talented to play with scrubs like Cousins and Evans..!!
CoreyGallagherArt::Hawes for IT? I'd do it in a heartbeat  -Sixers fan
Sh4k4zulu::trade you hawes for DMC LMAO no just trolling
TrueNum1AllStar::. . .  IT can go, he's not that talented, he's AVERAGE
Charley Varrick::below ave.
dahojas::I'd like to see Jimmer back at point. He is a much better player in his natural position. He also runs the pick and roll better than anyone on the team.
Charley Varrick::A bigoted coach who doesn't want to win is beyond hope
razzledazzletj81::So glad I stayed home, thanks Coach Smart. NBA is so expensive anyway, I'll put the saved money in my childrens college fund.
potato623::20 wins!!!!!!!
Sh4k4zulu::I FINISHED PIE BEFORE GAME FINISHED!
stephenson1mattbyu::Looking at the Kings schedule they are probably going to lose 8 straight games before they have a chance to win another game.  on a side note Isiah Thomas might be the worst starting point guard in the NBA. Score first point guards are terrible unless you have the athletic ability of Westbrook or Derrick Rose to bail you out of some bad decisions
stephenson1mattbyu::it's close...but lets be real Lebron runs the point in Miami. Chalmers just dribbles the ball up the court and then gives it to Lebron
Grantox::agreed!! not sure coach realizes he is in the nba tho
SixerEaglePhillieFlyerFan608::Mario CHalmers
potato623::9 points for the Kings in the 4th....
Grantox::good thing jimmer didnt play long! and IT was in for most of it ! that could have been ugly!
Grantox::good job IT you da MAN! glad you came back in kings could have lost if jimmer was in!
jpks11x::yesss
jpks11x::I NEED A MIRACLE CMON!
jpks11x::Wow Could i posisbly cover 11.5 for my teaser?!
sonicsarebackjack::i like how isiah just acted all pissed at tyreke for missing that shot, yet he's 5 for 16
Charley Varrick::I could never play with losers like the Kings...from top to bottom...all losers! Especially the bigoted coach.  He should be drummed out of the NBA
domingocolin::Isaiah Thomas-Aaron Brooks Jimmer Fredette-Marcus Thorton ( 6th man) Tyreke Evans- James Johnson or Tyler $@%!$@% honeycutt Jason Thompson-Thomas Robinson Demarcus Cousins-Chuck Hayes  How is this not the kings lineup/rotation????
TrueNum1AllStar::nah, we have so many guards just dump him, he sucks and eats up payroll that can be used eslewhere
domingocolin::Back up pg.... I think so
TrueNum1AllStar::Brooks are you kidding???
CoreyGallagherArt::"Thad isn't a true Power Forward"   The stupidity I have to read day after day
xkizarux::If josh smith came to the sixers it would be horrible. He would show no respect for the team. Philly is about the team.
potato623::We want Josh Smith!!
CoreyGallagherArt::That too, lol
sonicsarebackjack::isiah will def pump in some garbage time buckets now
potato623::What's the deal with Granger? He playing this year?
JacobyJ4::Put in the bench ...
TrueNum1AllStar::Please let the rumors be true that next year Phil Jackson will be the new coach
stephenson1mattbyu::the rumor is that we will be the next GM, not the coach.
sonicsarebackjack::i swear phil aint touching it man.. i would love it to... it aint happening
Charley Varrick::Why doesn't fredette ask for a trade? Get away from all the "urban" players!
JacobyJ4::Garcia should start over salmons... He is a catch and shoot guy who defends... Salmons dribbles too much... And never, never let Tyreke bring the ball up... If he needs to help he comes and gets it then should give it right back... He needs ten minutes to make a decision... Horrible.
rush717::I also believe that Hayes should get more playing time...good defender and rebounder
potato623::We finally won 2 in a row!!!!!!!!!!?????
sonicsarebackjack::keith smart has said all year, that if a guy doesnt play in the first half, its his rule that he doesnt play in the sec.. unless its mop up duty.... he says its not fair to ask a player to come in ice cold to a game that has long had its rhythm and expect him to produce.....yet theres one player he has constantly been ok with putting in this predicament.... fredette..... unreal....
sonicsarebackjack::i dont, it was in a post game interview tho....
dahojas::Do you have a link to him saying that? (I do believe you, I would just like to see it is all)
oneandonlybush1::i believe i saw it in a postgame press conference video on cowbellkingdom.com
Charley Varrick::He's a f'en racist and bigot
barrysandersfan21OKST::Once Bynum comes back for Sixers look out...he will be 100% healthy, SUPERSTAR
Sh4k4zulu::f' it im eating pie now  gg king fans
domingocolin::Well looks like another loss for the Kings..... Dont worry im sure once the sonics get them and wipe out the coaching staff we get to see Thomas play the entire 4th and jimmer with more minutes
Grantox::i hope thomas soesnt play entire 4th! ewwwww kigns will be worse
Charley Varrick::At least Dumbo will get fired
Charley Varrick::Francisco Garcia, SG	20	0-3	  Great Defense but you're losing by 14
barrysandersfan21OKST::another CHUMP from Ville
Charley Varrick::Right mookie!
