Kokriderz::Come on Westbrook 7-20 is awful.  I would have been 10 - 31.  - Kobe
smokeysaj::The headline should read "Durant bails out Westbrook... again".
imissoakley::The Thunder need a real point guard, period. I would use Westbrook to aquire a true point and a scoring big man. This could give them a true distributor, clarify the pecking order on the offense, and give them the much needed low post scoring threat that takes them away from being a jump shooting team.
smokeysaj::Yep, but true PG's are about as rare as true centers these days. The only options are CP3, Rondo, and a Nash on his way out. Damien Lillard has shown some great playmaking early on too.
imissoakley::I don't know about that. What about memphis' Conley and say Zach Randolph for Westbrook and perhaps someone else. Memphis could use a real star.  I always thought they could try a Rondo for Westbrook straight up and then try to swap out ibaka for more of a scorer. Ibaka's game has improved, but he doesnt have the skills to demand the double team in the paint.
OlBoyP::i feel like they just need a low post scoring threat but a true pg would help too.
imissoakley::the one luxury they have is that they are so young, they COULD wait for Ibaka to get to a low post scoring threat. But I think they need someone sooner. They will not beat the heat with jump shooting alone.
mcook813::Yawn, they still can't beat the Heat. Even when they've got the refs (19 more FTA) on their side.
OlBoyP::the heat always got the refs so what are you talking about?
illinoisfan1987::Really dude?  The Thunder shoot the second most free throws per game and the Heat are tied for twelfth.  I think it is a lot more likely that their play style has mot to do with FTA.  Are you seriously saying, that unless both teams shoot close to the same amount of free throws, than the game is rigged???
Sam_Cassells_Spaceship::The good news is that the Mavericks wont get swept by the Thunder in the playoffs this season since they wont be making the playoffs.
Rhys III::Lost the stupid Under 207.5 cause of this pisspoor game.
nba is the worst::Westbrick still #2 in the top ten bricks per game list: 1. Kobe 11.31 2. Westbrick 11.07 3. 'Melo, 10.92 4. Monta 10.67 5. Felton 9.93 (for 4-6 weeks) 6. Jennings 9.89 7. Aldridge 9.72 8. Curry 9.52 9. Harden 9.37 10. Waiters 9.32
turnerpoke::Everything could be considered a key to the game.  Good play, great play or poor play.  Reality refs took half  a psi air out of the ball at half.  Yea, thats it.
nba is the worst::Typical OKC home win, from the ft line.
Barrk_40::Durant System.
4 Petes Sake::dwade for commish Thunder would be absolutely unbeatable with Harden. Still can't believe that move.  Really?  Cuz I recall him pulling a Houdini....COMPLETELY in the Finals last year............unless............maybe............You just don't know what you're talking about?????  Is it possible?  A stupid, uneducated Miami fan????   Naaaaaaaahhhhh!!!
utisdabomb12::The Thuder might get more calls than any team I've ever seen. This coming from a Longhorn that loves Durant. It's just crazy some of the calls that team gets.
4 Petes Sake::Maybe because they have the most gifted scorer who stands at 6' 10", but has the body control of a 6' 4" SG.  And the most athletic, explosive PG in the league.  2 guys that are very frustrating to defend.  Still, I will admit that some calls they get are to ticky-tack.  Thats on the refs though and the players reps for drawing fouls.   In short.........quit whining.
Number One NBA Fan From Europe::Who else thinks that Collison's shot was one of the luckiest in recent history?
rozann13::ya if you ignore the clock awareness, body control, and it being a swish, he may as well been blindfolded.
4 Petes Sake::It happens.  Maynor on the Thunder has a knack for hitting buzzer beating half court shots.  Lately he cant hit regular shots.
sportsfan1014::Durant took 8 more shots than Westbrook last night, glad too see that.
4 Petes Sake::We're all very happy to know your happy.  Did you know that even with Russ shooting more than KD, OKC compiled a 22-6 record?  Good for 2nd in the NBA.  No, seriously.
sportsfan1014::I'm happy just to see Thunder win games
seanf12345::if durant wins more rings then lbj will he be considered better all time then lbj
highly debatable with extra sauce::time out...how old is lebron?
4 Petes Sake::Irrelevant considering MJ is the greatest and Princess LBJ has only 1........count em' 1 ring.
dks211::How good would Westbrook be IF HE COULD SHOOT?? I bet the Pacers are wishing they had Collison rather than George Hill.....
Delivering Pain::Russell Westbrook looks like a ninja turtle, there I said it.
sportsfan1014::lot of people have said that
dukechair::so does Paul Pierce
Sonic_Sooner::Yeh, well, he runs like a hare.
Homer Bailey is Batman::Man, the Thunder is fast.
hittms::Kevin Durant taking lessons from Kobe Bryant: 13-28
The Zink::Shooting .518 on the year, he skipped right past the Kobe lessons.
Homer Bailey is Batman::Taking lessons from Kobe would be 8-28.
idontcarebrah::That's one shot away from 50% percent lol that's not that bad
rhm4jc::Difference in game was rebounding. Thunder grabbed more boards and converted on 2nd chance opportunities.  Both teams played poorly. Westbrook was disgusting in first half with his "brick" display.  He came through in OT.  Ugly, ugly game but a win nonetheless.
Sonic_Sooner::Ibaka's 17 rebounds and 5 blocks were the difference in the game.  He dominated the paint on defense, and that's what caused the Mavs to play small the entire 2nd half.
springfresh3.1::ugly win but a dub is a dub
JDayAU::If Mayo was playing better then Mavs would have won this game.
rhm4jc::Sure, and if a frog had wings it wouldn't bump its @ss.
Hermy234321::not a bad game, lots of scoring... http://tinyurl.com/fridayfun1028 enjoy
dwade for commish::Sessions had it comin'.
dwade for commish::Thunder would be absolutely unbeatable with Harden.  Still can't believe that move.
Sonic_Sooner::You can't believe that move because you're a Heat fan.  The luxury tax rules don't apply to you.
BasketHasMagic::Ibaka is SO,SO, SO  Underrated.   15p.p.g  570% 8++rebounds 3++blocks   He is also a huge defender....hats off
Sonic_Sooner::He probably won't make the team because he doesn't have the rep on the coasts, but Serge Ibaka is playing at an All-Star level.
why does the NBA allow teams to shoot 50 FT a game::looks like the Mavericks are back to being....the Mavericks.
Bens Dirt Dogs::Kevin Martin should get inducted into the flopping hall of fame.
ThunderHornz::We needed overtime to beat Mavs so we suck? Didn't the much vaunted heat lost it the wiz? So they suck too right?  Thunde CAN beat every team but they will not beat every team. I was afraid they would be let down after Christmas game and/or would not be "up" for the Mavs game. Thank you Russell!
Beyonce4coach::The Thunder will go as far as Westbrook takes them.
dukechair::Well than they will be out of the first round in no time
ewwthatsmell::And the Thunder Rolls on a sleepless Night !! Funny how that song written in the 90's from an Okie applies so hard in Oklahoma today !!
ThunderHornz::I now go to the gun club and shoot every week, took a course, and I will carry a gun.
ThunderHornz::I have 4 acres, one of which is yard. Working outside with garage open and front door unlocked. Went in at dusk dead tired, closed windows, locked up, took shower and went to garage to have a smoke. Heard noise like someone walking above my head-game room. Husband out of town. Edmond sends 5 cops with tactical gear! They moved all through house and attic. Left a guy to "walk through and close doors, turn off lights til I was comfortable," he asked if I owned a gun. I said I had an arsenal but it was locked in safe room and my keys were in house- I DID NOT WANT TO GO IN HOUSE. He asked what I had so I unlocked safe room he he was like a kid at Christmas. I explained that I grew up with guns but had not shot in a long time. He selects 41mag and loads it and hands it to me. Says I will sleep better. He tells me " if you wake up and see anyone in your house that you did not invite -you shoot them then call us".
ewwthatsmell::Ha we are not much different from the 90's though yo.  We have top ten most guns per capita and no school shootings why our parents taught us about guns and a school shooter would get shot before he could shoot anyone else ha
NBA_Commentary_2012::Mavericks will get better.
ThunderHornz::Yes.
ithurtsme23::OKC is terrible they dont matchup with the Heat at all...If its Heat vs Thunder in the NBA Finals the Heat sweep em again...lets all hope they lose before the Finals
jhines1010::Love this excuse, Thunder come up short every time they play the Heat and it's the refs everytime? Please make it to the finals again against them so I can chalk up another title for the Heat. Keep crying about the refs its just pathetic now
ewwthatsmell::If refs were out of the equation thunder roll against the heat
dukechair::face it Thunder are not  on the Heats level . Thunder down LeBron&gt;Durant and Wade&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Westbrick
esstea23::Hey genius, they didn't sweep them the first time.
vike44_07::lol - yeah, your praying...
Raiders_K_11::I just got robbed at gunpoint.  Police are unreliable for stuff like this and I like to handle things on my own.
why does the NBA allow teams to shoot 50 FT a game::so it's the Police fault you got robbed at gunpoint?
ithurtsme23::This never happened to you ....Cool story tho bro
Raiders_K_11::Swear to your lord and savior.
vike44_07::Yeah, handle it yourself. That's obviously the smart way to go about it.
alicia2785::It was Westbrook's 8pts. in overtime not Durant's 40 that lifted the Thunder over the Mav's. Give the man his credit. If Westbrook had not scored those 8pts. in overtime, those 40pts. that Durant had in regulations time was not going to be enough to lift the Thunder pass the Mavericks. Westbrook is a good player yet never gets credit for it.
s.babin::without durant there wouldn't have been an overtime, just a loss
vike44_07::Westbrook is a gamer. I just wish his shooting wasn't so streaky. He leaves it all on the court every night and the team feeds off his energy. He can lead a charge on his heart alone.
DaveOK69::Actually, his defense late in the game was a big key.
JJWags::.
BABY IGGY..ALL I DO IS LIN::/
JJWags::.
H-Town Dream Shake::OKC will miss Harden and Kmart is made out of glass.
vike44_07::Even if OKC does miss Harden they are set for a decade. It's not often that perenial top 5 teams are drafting lottery picks and stacking the bench while staying well under the cap for years to come.
RDavison82::Outside of the players Houston got in the trade from OKC I cant name a single player on that team.
H-Town Dream Shake::You'll hear Chandler Parsons and Omer Asik name come up frequently in the future.
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::not a good day to be a mavs and celts fan
BomaniJonesAffirmativeAction::okc fans live in seattle
RDavison82::Seattle is a joke.
syanske@hotmail.com::Maybe after the Mavs plummit into the basement of the NBA, they will fire Carlisle's sorry @$$.......This guy is so overrated. Mavs fans are so delusional if they think he is the reason they won the title 2 years ago.
4 Petes Sake::wanna hear a joke?   LA Laker fans
scabbfan::lakers say kobe was real scoring champ last year &amp; is proving it by easily outscoring KD this year. Lakers would not even trade kobe to OKC for KD, Westbrook + Ibaka. An old kobe is just that much better than Durant.
jhines1010::KD does what Kobe does with about 2-3 less shots per game. Not to mention he actually does the other things too (Rebounding, Passing)
nviz::Haha. You disillusional LA Lakers(or Kobe) fan. Kobe shoots atrociously in a lot of games. Look what he did against the Warriors.
Future Primitive::no one cares about who the scoring champ is or isn't.  just win baby!
widowjordan::OKC  didn't look good tonite.  Mavs showed their weaknesses.  We will win the next one
vike44_07::Their weaknesses? If you call taking the first half off a weakness, then yeah OKC showed their weakness.
Future Primitive::Most 40/8/5 games since 1985:  1. Michael Jordan, 1987-2002:  26 2. LeBron James, 2005-2012:  25 3. Larry Bird, 1986-1992:  21 . . . 17. Kevin Durant, 2008-2012:  4
scabbfan::Has kobe had any?
Future Primitive::Yes, Kobe has the same amount as Tracy McGrady.... 15
widowjordan::Dirk was too slow and caused juice to lose the ball.  Juice was heavily medicated  not over the flu.  Didn't expect juice to play tonite.  Flu bug
syanske@hotmail.com::I am a mavs fan......and I agree. Flu or not, you step on the floor.......bring your A game. If you are still sick, don't play in the first place.
ForeverGrapeOKC::sounds like excuses
Mr Viz::I need to see more ignorant hate comments about OKC. I enjoy watching the butthurt flow as all the haters can do is run to the end of their chain and bark.
Mr. Bradford::If you're getting offended by what individuals say about your team on an internet websites sports board, than the only one that's butthurt is yourself. Just ignore it and your  team will shut them up.   Do you hear that? It's the no longer existing Lakers trolls.
Mr Viz::Implying I said anything about being offended. In fact I said I enjoy it.
ForeverGrapeOKC::lmao!!!!! you shouldve heard these guys earlier
Mr Viz::Yeah I know. It's quite sad really.
widowjordan::Mayo was sick, flu and heavily medicated 8
Mr. Bradford::"I love Chesapeake Arena, best fans in sports" Okay, bias Thunder fan. By the way, our free throw percentage was higher in this game then the Thunder's was.
ForeverGrapeOKC::im quoting KD  but i happen to agree :)
dash2k4::"When asked specifically about Collison, Westbrook cut off his postgame interview and cussed on his way out of the locker room."  Classy.
Mr Viz::Why isn't anyone talking about Durant's monster dunk?
snoop lion dogg::especially cause it came right after his block (on collison?)
ForeverGrapeOKC::that was awesome :)
