BryHinkle::"I'll just never understand why the Nuggets pass the ball so damn much.  Everybody knows you can't win in the NBA without a superstar"  --Kobe Bryant
GEORGE W BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::"HOW YALL LIKE ME NOW?" ~~ meLO;)
jayeteee::Is that you, GrumpyAllDay35? Had a feeling you wouldn't come back as the GrapeApe. What a man, what a man.
SoFlo_SportsFan::Even though Miami beat Denver both times this year, the way they are playing now would be a pretty damn good NBA finals.
jayeteee::Those games were early in the season when Denver was just getting use to the new team.
andyxjackson::This season is a disaster for the Thunder we have not beat a top team all year feels like swept by the Heat didn't even put up a fight now three game losing streak against the Nuggets and surely I don't think we can get the Spurs. That trade is going to haunt this team this entire season and Ibaka is showing us every big game that he is not max money nowhere close he don't show up in the big games you see his stat line for this game. Hopefully those picks will bring us something in return. Expect a second round exit for this team and possibly a loss tonight at Memphis. We need a PG bad so Westbrook can play more SG when Durant is out the game and can we please get rid of that waste Perkins in the offseason he still clumsy but atleast he showed up in the rebound department. Please don't pay Ibaka max money just not worth it he borderline sorry I don't think he going to get better he is what he is a nice role player but don't depend on him when the competition is tough.
popey the sailor 12::Congrats to the Nuggets.  Very Fun!!!
PHXNation::Nuggets are fun to watch, remind me of my 05-07 Suns, but we were unable to get to the finals unfortunately I sense the same fate for Denver. Spurs and OKC will be their demise in the 2nd round.
muncieplumbers::denver is one scary team right now....
nnnnuuuuugggggeeeettttssss::Thunder fans are no where to be seen.
colosportsman::Grape..MIA since the 4th quarter of last nights game. I guess the Nuggets shut him up.
PFMDB18::Or his IP address is banned
sup broski::To my fellow Nuggets fans, stop talking them up and getting your hopes up.  This is one helluva a classy team, and fun to watch, but the Spurs are the team to beat in the West.  Their experienced guys are more experienced than our veterans and they have youth/depth to back it up.
Dtravieso::I respect the Spurs game: their spacing, passing, defensive rotations are probaly the best in the league.   In Denver there is always a call for Karl's head.  If we could get Popovich, I say maybe, yes. give George the ax.  But the Nuggets have a great chance against anybody if they get refereed straight up. Timmie all time great, but good luck keeping up
jayeteee::Karl's doing his best job coaching since coming here. This team actually listens to him, not like the previous ones when Melo was still here, so give him a break and watch him actually coach now. Go Nuggets!!!!!!!!!!
jayeteee::It's(sup broski) probably GrumpyAllDay35 w/ his new account. He doesn't have the kahunas to post under that account anymore.
colosportsman::Besides we will continue to talk them up just like the rest of the NBA will talk them up. A real Nuggets fan would never  say such a thing. Don't talk up my team. lol.
broncoroxnug::spurs are old and injury riddled .Im far more concerened about the thunder
BurnabyJoeFan::Besides.. real Nugget fans have been holding their breath.  But we exhaled a little bit the last two days.
colosportsman::Never seen you before in Nuggets threads ..and you just created your account yestetrday. Fake fans do not fool us.
nnnnuuuuugggggeeeettttssss::he sure did smh
walle D_ D::Just came to say congrats to the nuggets, team is doing great this year. In my opinion there are three teams that have a chance against miami, the spurs, nuggets, and a slight chance to boston(have a lot of pride). OKC would just lose the series in 4-5 games. Good Luck denver.
BurnabyJoeFan::So... Where are the Thunder fans who were in the Nuggets Bulls chat saying the Nuggets were 'garbage'?
jerryboy760::Nuggets are good!
RockyMountainHokie::so ESPN is still showing us as 5 seed instead of 4 seed, even though we have a better record than the Clippers?  Is that because the Clippers are Division leaders?  I'll say it right now, come playoff time if we have a better record than them and have to play LAC without homecourt advantage(all guesswork at this point, I realize) I am DONE with the NBA.  It just doesn't seem right.  I am hoping its just a typo, if not someone please inform me of how the standings work for that.
Mirage3227::Catching OKC is not out of the question either :)
RockyMountainHokie::thanks for the info guys!  Good to hear we'll be at home IF we can stay ahead of LAC!
BurnabyJoeFan::Sure.. here is the language from the NBA.com playoff seeding primer from 07  'Homecourt advantage for any series is determined by record, not seed. So, it's possible that the 5 seed could have homecourt advantage over the 4, or that the 6 seed could have homecourt advantage over the 3.'
BurnabyJoeFan::Don't worry though... Home court goes to the better record and not the better seed.  If playoffs started now, clippers would be on the road first round
theanimal53::Yeah, I was confused about this last night, and you are correct. Division leaders get a higher seed in rankings despite if other teams have better records against them or overall. Kind of an odd rule, but I don't mind it much since we are playing amazing basketball right now.
gary wheatley::their points in the paint numbers is just totally amazing.  seems like its averaging 50 or more every game
jayeteee::We have the record for most consecutive games leading our opponents w/ PIP in NBA history now.
Zach061993::its at 50. such an incredible stat. this team is scary good.
colosportsman::So Grape is MIA ..huh. Good I guess. Shows the Nuggets finally shut him up.
jayeteee::GrumpyAllDay35 has gone into hiding, but rest assured a big mouth like that will show up w/ a new account sooner or later. The one he had before the game was just as recent as the day of the game. LMAO!!!!!
jayeteee::I've never watched a Thunder game on TV like last nights where the crowd was as quiet as it was. LMAO!! It was one of the more intriguing things going on. Every time the camera hit the audience it was nothing but one frown after another.f
jayeteee::Right there w/ you, Gary. I love being wrong at times like this.
gary wheatley::not gonna lie Jay, I was one of those who thought after the long grueling game against the Bull in overtime, then having to travel and play again on the road against OKC, I truely thought the nuggets would drop this game.  its very sweet that I was wrong probably with alot of other people
EuropeDude1981::in spite of its very respectable record OKC does not feel like a team that can impose its will onto opponents like the heat or spurs can. I know they've had some come-from-behind victories this year but the mental composure of this team feels a little fragile. Durant as the 4th quarter guy backing up his fire at will through the first 3 qtrs buddy westbrook  won't work towards winning a championship. It's a weird chemistry and dynamic they have going on and i don't see it working in the long run
joelmoore::OKC is very good. I wouldn't make the mistake of writing them off after one game.
gary wheatley::hello colo
colosportsman::hello Gary.
gary wheatley::some one tell me what a 1st degree seperation of chandlers shoulder means.  ays in the tweet to the right he is doubtfull for thursdays game.  hope it means that its just a mild seperation and not very serious if its day to day kind of.  no fracture so that is good
jayeteee::A 1st degree separation is the minimum. The higher the number, the more severe the injury.
jayeteee::Believe me, Gary, as I'm on here I'm listening to anything Nuggets I can find on the TV.
gary wheatley::so dr jay, lol, 1st degree isnt that serious?  thank god there wasnt a fracture..  almost like a bad stinger huh.  finially a nice piece on the highlights piece and then the nice commentary by legler afterwards.  watch the highlights if ya get a chance. almost 6 minutes about the nuggets
jayeteee::Hey, Gary, just lovin' me some Nuggets action. :)
gary wheatley::jay  whats up
colosportsman::Heard he was day to day..Its just a minor seperation. really got me worried at first though.
gary wheatley::the dept they have is a true blessing huh... knowing Chandler he wont be out long.  Gillian is a great trainer and Hess is a good strength coach
JAMEZ709::Is the stat sheet correct? OKC had more fast break points? I'm an OKC fan and that was a great game last night, thunder went ice cold in the 4th and looked worn on defense. Looks like there is a small chance of OKC making it this season, if not I hope nugs represent
andyxjackson::Good thing we got Ibaka in the paint to protect it!
joelmoore::It was a great game for the Nuggets and OKC is a great team. Either one of these teams is capable of a serious playoff run.
colosportsman::points in the paint 72 Denver..50 OKC.
jayeteee::Check the PIP(points in the paint) stat if you really want to know how the game went.
heom0811::Wilson Fn Chandler.
jaglow75::Nuggs are the only team in the west that could beat the Heat...Run and Gun them into submission!!
buffan89::What is the status on ill wil?
twistedpickle::This may be a stupid question, but why are the Nuggets still in fifth place? They have a better winning percentage than the Clippers, but the Clippers are in forth, ahead of the Nuggets.
Avondaler::and own season series records for all four top teams in the West too. Except Spurs but Nuggets still play them twice.
craigerblue::and we have a slightly less (.001) winning % compared to MEM
craigerblue::I had the same thought and found out since the Clipps are division leaders they cannot drop below 4th
colosportsman::yes
twistedpickle::So if MEM gets beat tonight by OK, they will fall to fifth, and the Nuggets will be third?
colosportsman::NO its a 4th seed in name only..It means nothing and is a stupid concept..HCA is still awarded to the team with the best record. Not sure why they even have this rule ..It just confuses people. I guess so in the future Clipper fans can say we finished 4th in the standings. Big deal..You didn't have the 4th best record.
twistedpickle::So you are saying that the Clippers will have home court even if they have the fifth best record? That sucks.
twistedpickle::I though that didn't matter in the playoffs.
colosportsman::Well Thunder-Grizzlies game tonight. Somethings got to give..Either team losing will help the Nuggets.
Avondaler::I know jayeteee, he was the only guy on the Thunder who I didn't mind shooting last night.
jayeteee::I want the Thunder to lose, we've already caught up to the Grizz.  *just my 2 sense tho :-P
jayeteee::He was of no concern to anyone last night. Couldn't hit a shot to save his life. Dallas was better off not re-signing him.
tonichifi::I want  the THUNDER to keep on losing because I don't want Fisher to be rewarded for lying to Marc Cuban (was his request for release from Utah ALSO A LIE?).
colosportsman::Nuggets depth and speed is killing everybody..Don't see the Spurs beating them either next week.
PFMDB18::I could see a split. Hope not, but it probably won't matter
colosportsman::If the Nuggets beat the Spurs next week ..they will have won every series against the Western Conference playoff teams..every single one..and beat all the teams near or ahead of them in the WC standings in this win streak.
jayeteee::They'll be 2 of 3 vs the Spurs if they win next week w/ one more game at home, so you're off a little bit. Not saying we can't, just that the 4th game will be key.
jayeteee::Bingo! We don't catch the Spurs in the standings anyway, so it'll be moot other than the prestige of beating all the WC playoff teams in a season series.
colosportsman::ok..still they will be ahead in that series...with no chance to lose it.
abi031::WASHINGTON!!! Ugh...
PFMDB18::Imagine if they hadn't  played down to their opponents on occasion
colosportsman::Basiically the Nuggets and Memphis are tied for the 3rd seed. Memphis is a very very slim .001 in front  in winning %..The fact that Clippers are in the 4 is because they are winning there division. Does not give them any advantage in the playoffs. The Nuggets would still get HCA with a better record.
abi031::This would have sounded insane at one point.  Now, I just smile :)
jayeteee::Denver has played 2 more road games than the Clippers, 4 more road games than the Grizz, and one less home game than both of them. We clearly have the advantage moving forward. The 3 seed should be attainable, but if we get close, I wouldn't be surprised if we give the Thunder a run for the 2 seed. Go Nuggets!!!
EuropeDude1981::The only real contenders this year are the Heat and Spurs in that order. And i'm saying this as an OKC fan. This team has some gaping holes that are being masked by the regualr season. They'll be exposed soon enough though. For all the fine work presti did building this team (they got lucky with the durant pick though) he really failed to bring in the missing pieces this year. Oh, and traded away a vital piece for some scraps too. Who cares about the salary cap if you win the title that generated plenty of revenue. Thunder shut its own window this year
joelmoore::Don't write off either team. The seasons is full of ups and downs.
broncochica29::It almost seems like Durant and Westbrook are missing their "6th man" as well. Durant sure isn't playing witht the same intensity as last year. Or maybe he's tired of being the glue that holds that team together...
abi031::You're probably right, but good God I hope the Nuggets can do some damage in the playoffs.  You guys really really miss Harden.  How is Kevin Martin even in the NBA?  The Nuggets should have given the ball to his man every time down.
PFMDB18::To be fair it was 9 against 2
abi031::When the refs allow the players to play physically and aren't calling every ticky-tack foul that occurs, Denver can beat OKC every time.  OKC's only offense is basically "give the ball to Durant or Westbrook and let them drive for a layup or get to the free throw line".  Let's hope the refs in the playoffs call the game like the refs did last night- then the better team will truly win.
craigerblue::This might have already been talked about, but why are the standings so wacky right now? Denver is only 5 GB, and has a better win % than LAC and is virtually tied with MEM. So why is it goofy
KCstills::a virtually useless rule for LAC in the top 4. but it wont matter as i highly doubt we finish with a worse record looking at the 2 schedules. we will more than likely surpass memphis for the 3 seed as well.
dirkdiggdvda::Division leaders take top 4 spots. Dumb, but in event it ends that way, Nuggets still get home court advantage in the series. Hope that helps!
dirkdiggdvda::Let's go for 3rd spot nuggets!
SouthStander132::dirkdiggdvda - Division leaders take top 4 spots. Dumb, but in event it ends that way, Nuggets still get home court advantage in the series. Hope that helps!  === There are only 3 divisions, so there is one "open" spot in the top 4.  I bet Denver ends up there....
fokman::Division leaders can' t drop past 4th seed.
craigerblue::Oh I forgot about that rule
MTN_HIGH_CO::Kevin Durant said he would stop doing the rip through move last year.  Nice technical Karl, cause everyone who is a fan of the NBA is tired of KD flopping like a fairy.
colosportsman::They really need to make a rule that if a move is initiated that is cleary a rip through with the intention to draw a foul.../it is not called. That move isn't basketball. Its just a glitch in the rules.
dirkdiggdvda::$@%!$ move
abi031::Seriously, that's his default move every time he touches the ball!  Ridiculous... I don't see LBJ or mamba pulling that crap every time.
KCstills::he really didnt do a bad job, contested most of his shots. KD had a real nice stat sheet, but just watching the game he didnt have a great one. he seemed to less involved than usual.
cscobra::I thought it was funny that Lawson was trying to cover him
KCstills::i hate the fact that despite the offensive player always initiating contact, the defender is always called. he did that to lawson 3 times last night.
KCstills::how many games you guys think il wil will miss? i'd say atleast 2 or 3.
abi031::I think Andre played through a similar injury last year (or maybe two years ago), but then again... that's Andre.  He's missed about 10 games in his decade-long career. Beast.
cscobra::1-2 weeks to be out no reason to rush back
The_Song_Remains_The_Same_::nuggets are 9-4 against top teams, having winning record agsint all but the spurs tied 1-1 with 2 games remaining  lets see where nuggets stands  spurs are not a one season wonder
abi031::Is there any team more dependent on referees than OKC?  Has there EVER BEEN ONE?  Durant and Westbrook get about 30 free points each game... it's bs.
The_Song_Remains_The_Same_::if nuggets win those 2 games, they will scare the hell out of every team in the league, if they are not already  not spurs fan, but really think they are a notch above the rest, they would win it all last season if the refs didnt killed them in game 6 WCF
KCstills::we will go 2-2 vs the spurs at the worst as well.
KCstills::i dont know, but i have a feeling we beat SA next week. though i think it will be closer than this game.
KCstills::im rooting for SA to beat miam i though. :)
I-Alex-got- banded-for racist-jokes::u can bet POP wont rest his player for that game
I-Alex-got- banded-for racist-jokes::well if we play the same D we did against the thunder we can win
KCstills::anyone find it funny both denver and miami beat okc on the road by the same exact margin?
KCstills::i think that was mentioned a combined 2 times on espn and nba tv last night. winning @CHI Town then @OKC back to back. best two back to back game wins this year for any team.
bearsbball12::Except Miami wasn't on a B2B
HeatleHitMane::Good point, still Miami is 10-1 on second game of b2b this season.
HeatleHitMane::Interesting.
KCstills::since being 18-16.  denver is 29-6 thats ballin.
phattybumbum::thats what happens when you spend 3 months on the road
cscobra::to say it better Denver has won 35 out of its last 45 games
I-Alex-got- banded-for racist-jokes::yes the heat are still better than okc and clipps   but still okc clipps &gt; the teams the heat face in the east
joe 1138 2056::the pacers bandwagon should be empty by now.
HeatleHitMane::I-Alex-got- banded-for racist-jokes = one redundant dumb@ss.
I-Alex-got- banded-for racist-jokes::i have a question   y are u trolling nugget boards
HeatleHitMane::lol! 2 peas in a pod. Funny.
I-Alex-got- banded-for racist-jokes::well said
joe 1138 2056::heat fans are concerned that maybe not enough people are paying attention to them. they don't realize that most fans don't appreciate the way that team was constructed and therefore tend to have a blasé attitude about their roll through the weak eastern conference.
KCstills::has anyone seen grapeOKC. he was on here all day yesterday saying they were gonna end our streak. lmao
KCstills::lol you dont know his history do you? he trolls every denver page and tells us how okc will squash us after every game. now that denver won the series 3-1 i say he needs to crow up something.
cscobra::and you think that there are not Denver trolls that go to other pages and do the same thing
KCstills::he wasnt exactly being classy. so he needs to crow big time.
cscobra::is there a rule for being classy?  Because a lot of the post on here are not
cscobra::he should be saying that, he is a Thunder fan
joe 1138 2056::anybody flip over to the end of that LAC/SAC game? i almost felt sorry the clippers when the kings were just raining threes down on them to close out that game.
The_Song_Remains_The_Same_::that second straight 3 beating the buzzer was great  i didnt feel sorry
joe 1138 2056::yeah that was a bomb from way out.
Jubin3567::that CP3 flop had me rofl for 10 minutes
Jubin3567::He wonders why the refs never call anything when he does actually get butchered.
joe 1138 2056::griffin had a funny one too where he ended up on his a.ss and got called for a kicked ball.
Pats Fans Still Play Madden 2004 And Brag About It::Nuggets are the best match up for the Heat...They have both depth and youth the things that OKC and SA only have one of    Spurs are too old to string together 4 wins on the Heat...They'll wear down  OKC gets shot in the foot by Westbrook taking stupid shots and KD has problems when LBJ guards him  Clippers would have to rely on CP3 alone b/c Lebron could shut down Griffin
abi031::Either the Spurs or Nuggets could give the Heat fits.  LBJ won't have a problem locking down Durant, but the depth of both could be a real problem for Miami.  I REALLY don't want OKC to make it to the finals again.  It might not take 5 games for the Heat this time if that happens.
Pats Fans Still Play Madden 2004 And Brag About It::Spur will NOT be able to run with the Heat their best players are grandpas
cscobra::you should probably actually watch a Spurs game.  They have one of the best offenses in the game and still have a great defense.
The_Song_Remains_The_Same_::KAWHI LEONARD  SPLITTER
cscobra::the Spurs are not an old team at all, they have older stars but the core is young.
Jubin3567::Spurs are still the team to worry about simply because of Coach Pop. You give him a school of scrubs and he'll turn them into all-stars
Jubin3567::He did a hell of a job on Danny Green and Splitter
The_Song_Remains_The_Same_::but yet they have more than scrubs: KWAHI LEONARD the unsung great
The_Song_Remains_The_Same_::you are mistaken about Spurs  ive been following nuggets cause they play great, with passion and are playing elite basketball  but dont be mistaken Spurs are the best team, they have depth, youth and EXPERIENCE in their older players, dont overlook that
The_Song_Remains_The_Same_::can someone tell me how a team fly under the radar?  is it coincidence that big market teams or teams with poster boy for major nba announcers  NEVER fly under the radar despite their position in the standings?  what a boatload of crap. Its just the media hyping and ignoring whats convinient for their profit but when a team like nuggets and spurs do too much they come with this " they fly under the radar" to explain why they havent talked about them  my 2 cents, dont follow headlines, follow the standings
dirkdiggdvda::Nuggets going far this playoffs!
EverythingASAP::This streak more impressive than the heats. West &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; East
IU_Hooisersmomlovesbbc::Means the Heat can deal with the West,,,no problem.
cscobra::no it does not, they played each team one game then played other opponents and eventually faced them again.  Let the Heat face a western opponent in a series and the results could change
IU_Hooisersmomlovesbbc::Heat are 23-5 against the West...2-0 versus the Nuggets
cscobra::so that means nothing
cscobra::the longer winning streak is always more impressive, i don't care if they are a bunch of creampuffs, you still have to beat them.  Any team can beat any other on a given night.  Denver fans should know that more than anyone.  How many times have you been frustrated to watch them win a big game and then follow that up with a loss to the Wolves or Wizards or Cavs.
IU_Hooisersmomlovesbbc::Hey jerk off, check your facts.....OKC, Clippers, Memphis, Lakers, Rockets, Trailblazers,Kings, Timberwolves....
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::They beat the best western conference teams during the Streak. OKC being one of them.
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::I-Alex-got- banded-for racist-jokes - what they played okc at christmas that wasnt during the streak  They beat OKC right before all star break. Beat the Rockets, Clippers, Lakers and OKC around the same time.
I-Alex-got- banded-for racist-jokes::yes the one team they beat from the west on this streak
cscobra::They beat Memphis
I-Alex-got- banded-for racist-jokes::what they played okc at christmas   that wasnt during the streak
I-Alex-got- banded-for racist-jokes::i think they only have beat 1 team from the west
I-Alex-got- banded-for racist-jokes::i think when u only beat teams from the east   its not saying much
HeatleHitMane::I think, uhm-uhm excuse me, know that you don't know jack $hi.t.
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::Worst player in the NBA is JR Smith. Poor shot selection, terrible defense, streaky shooter.
abi031::The only person happier than me that JR is gone is George Karl.
cscobra::clearly he thinks he is better than just about everyone
cscobra::I know that, but who else do they have to score points for them?  the roster is broken down old men.
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::But he's not. His shot selection is worse that Westbrook's. He's Kobe in his second year. COming off the bench shooting them in and out of games.
Jubin3567::And "giving that pipe" on Twitter
Corvo Attano::lolakers
Pats Fans Still Play Madden 2004 And Brag About It::Nuggets remain a top level team no matter which 5 we put on the floor... Lebron would have to play 45+ minutes a game to beat us...   I respect the Heat as the best right now, but I did with the Bulls last year before Rose went down...
-----Milwaukee Bucks-----::+1 for the member name. Lol
Jubin3567::Bulls play too hard in the regular season. Thibs is a great coach but he tires them out by the time the playoffs come and they fall apart around then.
-----Milwaukee Bucks-----::<b>"But we won the Melo trade."  Knicks Fans</b>
joe 1138 2056::the knicks have had such a long history of losing dolan went on a spending spree and brought in as many high-cost players he could, no matter how they fit together. but when NYK was 18-5, i doubt he would have agreed with you.
Tiamatt14::Probably not, but he might have after their last playoff series.
Tiamatt14::I would like to think most Knicks fans knew they gave up way too much to get him, but nothing they can really do when their owner's idea of trading is to bend down and let the other side do whatever they want with them.
Tiamatt14::Yeah way too over generalize there, least you're nice enough to admit it. There were plenty of people, including the Knicks att GM that thought they gave up too much. After years of watching Isiah Thomas do it to them they spotted it a mile away.  Of course no one forced the knicks to do it, I never said that they did. Like I said the owner was all to eager to get duped, no one forced him to act like a idiot. And it's really not a impressive performance when you know the other side is too dumb to say no to all of your demands.
Willye04::Sorry to generalize, but at the time of the trade? There wasn't a soul among Knick fans who thought they gave up too much.  No one.    Fyi, trade negotiations didn't work like that and don't work like that.  Fact is, NO ONE forced the Knicks to trade for Melo.  No one.  They were dupes, and were played for fools by the Nuggets Ujiri, who had zero leverage. It's one of the best performances by a GM in the last 10 years.
