Toto D::The addition of Lopez and Mo Williams makes the blazers a cohesive unit with Lamarcus sticking to playing PF and Damian playing sometime as SG w/Mo in the game and the defense has improved a tremendously.
Commenter::Indiana was a one to two point favorite in Vegas, so it was an upset though a mild one. The odds makers will have it right if they play again.
rebecca h::Portland - we are finally beginning to be discounted, hated, ridiculed and disbelieved - can't believe how good it feels to see respect in the form of put-downs feels...like Mathews said - not the "cool" team, team of dogs - I like it - proper identity don't you think?
Boston12::I admit I had my doubts about the Blazers signing Robin Lopez as their starting center instead of keeping double double machine last year J.J. Hickson, but he is starting to prove that giving the right role-players around him he could be a solid starting center, maybe even better than his brother.
Heat In 5::This Pacers team's start this season reminds me of the Knicks' start last season..their fans kept saying that they are for real last season and they held the east's #1 spot for quite some time until reality bites them..Same with Chicago's #1 seed last 2010-2011 season...  Yeah right the Pacers are for real and the team to watch out for this season blah blah blah..if they lose, their opponent shot the lights our/the refs helped them blah blah blah...can't wait for the playoffs already!
Trevor::Some of you Heat fans are a trip I tell yah... Heat played Charlotte Sunday and struggled, what makes you they would've done a better job against the Blazers tonight!! Give credit where credit is due and chill out. Point blank the Blazers are just playing good BBall #teamPacers
Robert H.D::Yea, Portland is really a great team, they go to the free throw line 33 times to Indiana's 17 and win by only 4 points...great team...thanks to the officials...
MMA v. Boxing::The East is such a weak conference, I say they should change the game to top 16 NCAA. If east conference is at .500 at 3rd seed thats GARBAGE!!! Lebron James doesn't even have a challenge, they only have the Pacer to worry about at Semis. They are way more deserving teams in the WEST that could get the spot....
Heat In 5::Pacers will easily have a record of 23-7 by the end of December.
daniel::For those who doubt me, a little story about last season. I remember the pregame chatter about the Heat Pacers game 7.  I knew then that the Pacers had zero chance to win that game.   How did I know this?  How was I able to predict that the Heat would win?  Because I understand how the NBA works. The NBA has been rigged since David Stern took over.  He directs the officials to make sure the big market or big ratings teams with the superstars always win.  He has been doing this since 1980, and the popularity of the league has exploded. But what people don't understand is that to accomplish the popularity that is has, the NBA has become completely predictable.   This is how I was able to predict the Los Angeles Lakers would beat the Sacramento Kings back in 2002.  After the game 5 win by the Kings, I told a Laker fan friend of mine that the Kings were going to lose that series.  I did not know why, I just knew in the back of my mind that the Lakers always won these matchups, and I figured it would happen again.  And I was right.  It did happen again. Now that I have woken up, I understand why. Big markets and big superstar teams drive the NBA money printing machine.  This is how is has to be, because the need for ever increasing profits will never go away. You can predict the winners also.   All you have to do is understand that the Lakers and the Heats of the NBA world will always advance, and the small market teams, as good as they are, will be sacrificed in the name of profits.  Just ask the 2000 Blazers, the 2002 Kings and 2012-13 Pacers.
