71Minnesota::I just don't want to see the Clippers trade Eric Bledsoe in even they would not able sign him after this season.....If they do and get Rudy Gay from Memphis for whatever they do to get Rudy Gay, it will not make sense either in the long run b/c Rudy Gay will be free agent same as Bledsoe. Here if they do trade Bledsoe ..I would first contact Minnesota Trade Erick Bledsoe and Carron Butler for Derrick William and JJ Barea. Lost Caron Butler won't hurt the Clippers as lost Eric Bledsoe but JJ Barea is the Thunders killers...Never know may be Clips &amp; OKC will meet in WCF...JJ Barea is a cluth player...If we look back his time with the the Mavs.the year they won a Championship....He was the key ..beaten the Lakers in 2nd round and killed Thunder in WCF and went to beat the Miami Heats in the Final !!!! Also JJ contract won't expire the end of this season as young talent  Darrick Williams doesn't find much of playing time in Minnesota with his skill......I am not an expert but if I were Clippers I would look into that option !!!!! GO Clippers !!!! :P
Seskatchewan::You are out of your mind! Straight up trades dont happen like that
mountain1955::As long as Lin is not played as a full PG in Rockets, rockets will keep losing. Look at how they played, only depend on iso, 3pointer shooting, no defense in the paint, rotations made no sense. Harden is a very good scorer but a terrible defender. and everyone in the rockets wants to get better scores but no efforts to defend. That's how Rockets lost. No better plans to beat the strong team, terrible , terrible coaching. Now all other teams figured out the game plan for Rockets, the team has to change the way they played but they didn't. I don't think rockets will be in playoffs like this.
FredPE1965::Four guys were in the teens and Harder got 23 so Rockets did well except the 3rd quarter. What happened? Some people mentioned Lin was benched at that time, got  to be more than that. Crawford was hot, that didn't help the Rockets either. Also if they had matched the FTM percentage with LAL, game would be lot closer.
mountain1955::I believe other teams found out the pattern of Rockets rotation and developed plan for rockets. Lin was alwasy out in the 3rd Q even if he palyed good. Coach's mind is so stubbon, why he can not change the rotation every time to confuse the opponents. Mchale really should coach smart not follow the same pattern everyday.
71Minnesota::As a Minnesotan.....What did Mchale had done for the T'woves's organization during Mchale era???? Glen Taylor the owner gave him all the green light to run the team....he had done nothing but screw-up the team...( he violated then Joe Smith contract ...The league took out the first round pick for the team that year) What kind of players did Mchale had drafted in the top 5 during his era and turn out to be a great players?   Mchale is not a Winner ...just that 's simple !!!!
SteeleKen::seems Vinny isn't such a bad game manager after all....Clipper fans shouldn't be disappointed if they don't win it all this year...there is a difference btwn winning reg season and playoffs...Clips weren't picked by anyone to go far this year, certainly not predicted to be as talented/tough as they are showing...it will not be a disappointment if they don't win it all 'this year'....going 'far' in the playoffs would be a historic accomplishment for a young team and keeping this team together, going far in the playoffs will finally give the clips an identity...they will (win or lose) learn how to win this year and carry that into next year...winning is a tradition/culture and it's about time the Clips establish their own culture of winning...Laker fans don't hate Clips, and if they're honest (as Clips fan should be) we both root for both teams...it's LA, we're all LA...nothing wrong with have TWO champions in the same building, eh?
71Minnesota::If the playoff starting today . I'll give the slight edge to the Clippers because of their depth. Also they are the most balance team.   Anything can happen in playoff ..I remember great Mavs. team was seed # 1 and was upset by # 8 seed Golden State....Wouldn't be easy to swept the Clippers in the playoff this year as the Spurs did last year.   Also in the Western Conf. this year could be another upset in the first round ....I just say IF the Lakers would sneak into number 6,7 or 8 seed.....
thunder.up.MFs::Clips can't match OKC in size
Keith Closs::last time these two teams met, it wasnt the front court players on OKC making the difference, if anything, the clipps bigs had good nights against okc.  durant was the guy who killed in down the line in OT
71Minnesota::JUST WAIT TILL GRIFFIN MAKE ANOTHER embarrassment OVER KENDRIC PERKINS .....
patmandewb::Clips look like the best team right now! Look at that road record....and they've beaten all the top teams on the road! Let's hope they can keep it going.
Keith Closs::OKC needed overtime @ OKC to beat the clipps and the clipps are playing much better now and are getting people off the IR like g hill and hopefully billups.    both these squads are legit and to see both of them in the WCF would be a battle.  craigusc1. when does a 6 point OT loss equal a blow out?  do u even watch the games?  the clipps bigs outplayed the thunders bigs and the team numbers were even across the board but the slashing KD tookover in OT and  won it at the line.  gtfoh
craigusc1::OKC blew the Clippers out in OKC IN OVERTIME!
thunder.up.MFs::Too wrong. They didn't beat OKC on the road. They lost. THanks for playing, though
adam83stl::How soon is basketball over???....
71Minnesota::Clippers another great win on the road against another quality team.....A lot of rumor on the Clippers should trade E. Bledsoe and Caron Butler for Rudy Gay.   It would be great to additional Rudy Gay for this team...but with  all the roster they have now...They can win all this year without Rudy Gay Unless major injury on CP3.
Keith Closs::i would HATE this,  i hope they dont screw with the chemistry at this point.  if people start going down, then yeah make a deal but why trade a healthy and key ebled and barnes for anyone?
BYUrepublican::Blake Griffin PF  FTM-A    5-5
BrianSSShaw1243::good game.. http://www.tinyurl.com/sportsgifs115 enjoy
YanKs_KnicKs_JeTs::I can't wait to see a Clipper/Thunder WCF this yr  I'll give the slight edge to the Clips b/c of their bigs and also their depth
erikdog23::Jamal Crawford shook Lin out of his shoes!
FredPE1965::I like Crawford and Lin, both are fun to watch. Lin did a good job, but Crawford was hot with 30, his average is 17. If Lin got hot, the outcome may be different. Anyway, LAL is an excellent team while HR is in the learning stage.
little-general::you mean LAC, LAL is LA Lakers, LAC is LA Clippers
Swish3And1::Or was it Harden who got shook out of his shoes??  Anyway, Jamal was on a hot streak,  5/7 3s  and 30 pts, had a very good game.
Jeremyssox24323::good game.. http://www.tinyurl.com/sportsgifs115 enjoy
mackydude16::if there was a 7th man of the year award it might go to Matt Barnes
71Minnesota::if there is the bench of the year ward , it must be Clippers Bench
J.J. Watt::FAAACCCKKKK!, rockets lost :(
rainmaker2007::If this team is going to win without Paul, then it will probably win the NBA title this season.
dont-want-gay-in-a-clipp-uniform::eric bledoe&gt;nash
tungcn2010::Wishful thinking. Clips not trading Bledsoe to Lakers.
2manynigrsinbasketball::Yo Yo YO! Mike W rockin' it again on the espn board representin vegasinsider.com THE ONLY PLACE to make your bet and get the figures. So whether your bouncin it to the beat of some fat booty flavor or just kickin it with the honeys on the down low, you gonna need some cash to booster that rooster! Get your ca$h by followin the american dream and winnin it LARGE by rockin the casino at vegasinsider.com    We're just that DAMN GOOD!!
71Minnesota::Clippers should be best record in the NBA at this time .....3 home games Lost to Cleveland, New Orleans and Orlando is Unacceptable .........
TheWalkingDead92::Thunder lost to the Wizards.. Teams aren't always playing 100%
rainmaker2007::And the Heat lost to the Wizards.
71Minnesota::SHOULD BE  MVP  LAST 2 GAME WITH THE START  1/  Eric Bledsoe. With Chris Paul sidelined, Bledsoe played 28 minutes with no turnovers against one of the league's most opportunistic defenses. He also shut down Mike Conley (2-for-11) as well.   2./ Eric Bledsoe,    played 37  minutes	5 $@%	7 rbs	2st	 3 TO ( outplayed Jeremy Lin)
sautan::Eric Bledsoe is PG but he has more Rebounds than Assists?
dont-want-gay-in-a-clipp-uniform::shut up b-itch
diepacheco::Eric Bledsoe REPORT CARD athltism A+ scoring C+ play making C- shooting D defense B+ energy A+  ball protection C- desition making C- IQ C consinsancy C+  OVER AL= C
tbw2445::Go home. You're drunk
prokreation::Ebled &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; Collison
diepacheco::just wait till he becomes the next daren collison
airic.ad::ebled &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; collison
BoilerPhan24::lol okay.  how long do we have to wait?
BoilerPhan24::diepacheco REPORT CARD spelling F posting relevancy D overall D-
bobbydagreat::Miss 11 FTs and lose by 8? Yup that's a young team.
vonsteve6868::Yep. Future is bright. But growing pains are inevitable.
jason_bautista::Please let JLIN play PG and let Harden play the scorer.
Skatingseveneleven::you got it !
max5616::It won't happen, Mchale wants us to lose.
Neil826::the clippers seem to be espns new notre dame.  when the thunder or heat crush them in the playoffs they will have nothing left to cover.
Danadude69::Number 1, we aren't afraid of the Thunder (3-1 against the last year, close loss in OT this year)  and Number 2, we aren't afraid of the Heat (Beat them in OT last year and kicked their butts already this year)
prokreation::OKC might beat us.   But we can take the Heat.  No Question.   OKC and The Spurs are the only scary teams.  If we can beat them, we can win it all.  CLIPPER NATION.
rainmaker2007::You can't count the Heat out.
A Drunk Monk::When the Clippers have CP3, an in shape Hill, and Billups taking Green's minutes this team will be unstoppable
Keith Closs::^ebled is overrated?  trust u?  i dont care if u were his nanny and seen him play since he was 5, u have no clue what u are watching.  i love how u can overrate a back up point guard, smh
diepacheco::gay is a 20 piont a game scorer. he can at least keep up with james,durant,kobe. trust me bledsoe is over rated. i ve watched him since he was a rooke a watch all clipper games
diepacheco::they will be unstoppale if they trade bledsoe and caron to mephis for rudy gay
A Drunk Monk::Why would they do that? Gay is a chronic underachiever with injury problems, and they have 3 solid SF's in Caron, Barnes, and Hill
be_kool16::bledsoe is too good not to start in this league.  Since he will probably leave for a chance to play more minutes and of course get a great contract, should the clippers trade him so they can get something out of him instead of just let him walk?  I would trade bledsoe for rudy gay. great length and athleticism at the small forward position. maybe i trade him for iggy and lawson
Danadude69::If we trade him I would prefer to get a better rebounder then Gay, maybe Demarcus Cousins?
diepacheco::first of all lawson is better than bledsoe. i say the clipps trade bledsoe/butler for rudygay. or danny granger/augistine. the memphis trade pobly wont work because rudy makes bout 19m butler8m bledsoe2m it would be a 3 way.
THEMVIKINGZ::$10,000 to the 1st person who tells me there is an app that auto delete's any Jeremy Lin praise.   He wouldn't have made my avatar's J.V. team.
ChiGuy1002::you don't have more than $20
Bigboystatman::http://mroriginal101.wordpress.com/
Omer.Asik::"You can't do that, especially coming off a three-game road trip, a three-game losing streak," he said. "We've got to be better, especially on the defensive end. We've got to guard in order to win games. It's simple."  says the guy who doesn't play D, smh
71Minnesota::I hate to see E. Bledsoe leave after this season. He's one of my favorite player since his rookie year out of Kentucky . I saw the athleticism and potential star in him. He would be a star PG with any team ...The clippers don't find much of playing time for him because of his rookie year they had Eric Gordon and last year he was hurt and I don't understand why  when New Orleans Hornets traded Chris Paul to the Clips, they didn't asked to included Bledsoe.....
BRAY5150::sorry Cleepers but your wrong the deal was off when NO was asking for bledsoe to be included.
be_kool16::yep. the clippers called the trade off because NO wanted to include bledsoe with the trade they currently have. the clips said that was too much along with the 1st round unprotected minnesota pick.  it was either bledsoe or the 1st round pick from minny.  in the end, NO wanted the minny pick because the year before last year, they were horrible and the potential of a lottery pick in the top 10
dont-want-gay-in-a-clipp-uniform::but eric gordon healthy was  a hell of a player
BRAY5150::They did but the Neil Olshey said the deal was off if they insisted on bledsoe being part of the deal
Cleeepers::They asked for both, but the Clips said they could only have one or the other.
Cleeepers::Nope. It was one or the other until Gordon's agent went public saying he was a max player. Once the Clips knew he wanted ridiculous money, he was gone.  Ramona Shelburne followed the whole deal.
BRAY5150::It was never one or the other. It was Gordon and never Bledsoe
Danadude69::No Paul no problem!
dont-want-gay-in-a-clipp-uniform::FUN FACT: grant hill is 40 and looks younger then greg odens son leron james
Crazy_ducky::.....
Crazy_ducky::....
BRAY5150::??
ddd007ddd::Does the LAC really need CP3?
diepacheco::they won 32of 82 games with out him. with him second round of the playoffs
ddd007ddd::guess u have a point there,they will need him come playoffs,but they can get to playoff as an elite team without him
BRAY5150::I don't think so but they could be a top 3 or 4 seed without him
BRAY5150::Does Miami need Lebron? To me its no difference. Clips may be able to win without him now but come playoff time they will need him to advance deep
Cleeepers::Don't forget Chauncey. Embarrassingly deep.
ny betta than yo city::lmao y da western confarence even playin game we all kno wateva team $@% out tha eat eitha tha knicks or tha heat gone win tha title tha clippers is a nice team dey eccitin for tha regarlar session but wen it !$@ to tha playoff dey gone in up gettin stumped real talk
Keith Closs::thatsnot even ebonics.   its just a fool TRYING to type like hes hood or something.  hes probably a 16 year old white boy from the burbs listening to too much 2 chainz
Omer.Asik::the OP "ain't about dis life"
Danadude69::What is that Ebonics?
BRAY5150::Nobody will every take you seriously with the way you speak. Real talk
Cleeepers::Shame I only read English.
ace999lb1::Grant Hill is still in the league? WTF?
ace999lb1::Yep exactly 40. Says he's the second oldest player in the league, 1 day younger than Kurt  Thomas. Crazy.
Matthew0222::haha dude's gotta be 40
Matthew0222::Jeremy Lin's entire game would open up if he could hit a 3 pointer. He can't change directions to get to the bucket like Rondo, and he can't jump over everyone to get his shot off like Russell Westbrook. For his style of play he must develop an outside shooting game in order to be a legit starting point guard. .276 from the arc won't cut it.  Lin has great shooting form and a quick, high release on his shot. And he's got a nice first step. But athletically he hasn't figured out how to get separation from his defender. He probably never will have that athleticism. But he has size and untapped strength. If he would add some muscle to his frame he'd be able to create more space with his upper body.
woodylamb::Very true. Lin is still flicking his wrist inconsistently when he shoots outside.
Docker2.o::For speaking the truth about Lin, you are now labeled racist and all your posts will be flagged. Seriously.
yeh005::Unlike other posts, this is a actually a fair and even handed assessment of Lin.
BRAY5150::Who would have thought on draft day Bledsoe would be the better pg on that Kentucky team? Thank you Neil olshey!
diepacheco::wall is way better than bledsoe. and im a clipper fan
TheBREEZ369::no you're not, you're just an idiot
Cleeepers::Sacks was always the scout, though.
Cleeepers::Yeah, but he was also 'making calls' to Portland for a year if you know what I mean. We didn't miss him this offseason.
BRAY5150::Neil made the calls
Bettman and Fehr spoon in the moonlight 2.0::Bouncing a ball, take three steps shoot the ball whats next? Any one?
3rdCoastTexan281::Depends on your "status" in the NBA...  A star probably gets some sort of foul call for not being fouled.  A "normie" gets a traveling call.
underpiker::Lbj
underpiker::Wait, you said 3 steps, not 4
furior44::Rockets always inspire the players...well...the opponent players.
airic.ad::Yeah, they make everyone they play think that they are great shooters.
Rigstrikesbak3278::OOO Laker fans jealous of the Knicks lmao??? Typical.
SMANGANG::lmaooooo jealous of the knicks??????/ lmafaooooooooooooooo
Rigstrikesbak3278::Agreed ;)
BRAY5150::Hate to see him go but when the clippers have to trade bledsoe they will get a lot more than the 1st round pick they gave OKC to get him
diepacheco::please rudy gay
Danadude69::Why do they have to trade him?
airic.ad::Just not Rudy Gay.  Please.
airic.ad::Odom is what the Clippers need him to be at this point in the season.  He may suck in the conventional sense, but that's irrelevant on this team.  There is no "me" in the way they play.
i-hate-jews-but-love-my-clippers::bledsoe&gt;dwade when bledsoe swatted that sh-it
BRAY5150::Why do you hate Jews?
---LeTs gO mAvS---::Bledsoe has potential to be a superstar
i-hate-jews-but-love-my-clippers::clippers will win on thursday  against the timberwolves
i-hate-jews-but-love-my-clippers::if clippers take it this year they will repeat again
bluekaze21::Lamar odom must be smiling right now
Celtics are too good::Lakers must be regretting trading him
---LeTs gO mAvS---::he still sucks though
TheBREEZ369::hahaah THE MAVS SUCK get out
Cleeepers::He's not there to score... he's there to help us win, and as our primary backup big he's doing just that.  Settle down, dude... you wanted him gone, and we wanted him... win-win.
---LeTs gO mAvS---::yea his 3.6ppg are very valuable
Cleeepers::Of course they do... because he sucked LAST year. You're like a laker fan, living in the past.  Odom's doing a decent job this year.
---LeTs gO mAvS---::actually yes. He's garbage. I'm glad the clippers took him. All Mavs fans hate him
Cleeepers::Actually, no.
