brianpearce66::cnfbfbnfcnfvnmvnknkrfnrnndndndndndndndneefjejffjhfjhjfnefjjkjfwjfwklwejkwefgwfwhhffhhhhhfkfwehfwhjvhjheklefhherjhhfhlfhjlfhffhfhkrhrugcbhfhfhhucbcbjwowhuvghcvdhddhgegdgecrguycbbcbfbcbcbcbfhehdddhddehdbehcdhjegyerfreghebvqhauhskulaglghvclvyfyrebchfvyfvrgfrchvhyfgfchhhjjffhhvccbbccbcbcdvbadhdbsjnfsbsvjdvbdhjcbfjfvfvvhfdbvfbh jhvbdvfbhbhcbhjsshfvhvjygueruhghuher;ggghfgefggfgcgggfgfgfgfgfhvvhhcxhbbcdbsvgvhvbbvbbvbv
brianpearce66::o
brianpearce66::l
brianpearce66::l
brianpearce66::e
brianpearce66::h
Sir Gunner::FACT FACT FACT FACT FACT FACT FACT FACT FACT FACT FACT FACT FACT FACT FACT FACT FACT FACT FACT FACT FACT FACT FACT FACT FACT FACT FACT FACT FACT FACT FACT FACT FACT FACT FACT FACT
TheCronoMasterMind::Give up a 17 point half time lead in the 3rd quarter alone? Wow, looks like the Bobcats may never get that 8th win at this rate...
Rip City Forever::The pelicans is the worst name in sports history
verfielderbrera::Eventually something has to happen in the Bobcats front office. This team is going nowhere with the management they have. Another losing streak this long is unacceptable. If I was a fan I would boycott games until they start winning.
log417::The Hornets will go above 500 the rest of the season as long as Gordon stays healthy.
Orlando8785::Who cares.  The NBA isn't as exciting anymore because only a few teams have all the stars!  I wish stupid David Stern wouldn't allow teams like Miami, Lakers, and Boston to align stars in the last few years.  I have respect for teams like Spurs and Thunder who developed their teams the right way.  The NBA used to be more competitive, now some teams are not even worth watching because their starters are often just role players that just can't get the job done.  Yes I'm a Debbie Downer, big whoop!
Phatepiclewts::Michael Kidd-Gilchrist is supposed to be that star you're ranting about. He needs time to develop. Ben Gordon needs to step up his game. Kemba is playing about as well as he'll ever play.
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::no surprise it's a scorned Magic fan talking this crap. No I disagree.   I'm a Hawks fan and we're playing great without a Superstar.
log417::I totally agree!
jakpot411::it is all about tv contracts and the NBA favors its stars in order to increase ratings. Its about as real as the WWE.
lll__::Which streak gets broken first…Bobcats or Clippers?
SIRE77::Charlotte needs an offense...guys like Ben Gordan, Sessions, Hendu aren't scoring machines, they're complimentary players but Charlotte needs a go to guy. Walker has demonstrated he can light it up but overall the team overall needs to put the ball in the basket. Defense was horrible yesterday. Eric Gordan too many times penetrated in the paint and picked apart the Bobcats defense.       Why doesn't Monty have 'the brow' play the 3 position already ?  'The brow" defensive prowess I feel is capable of defending SF in this league...what is Monty losing if he starts Davis at the 3 ? Monty already knows he's choices at the SF position is weak.
BearJWS::Charlotte needs a Frontcourt.  They have the worst frontcourt in the league.  Their backcourt is their strength.  The guards can only do so much.
bobbywhitenc::Every game we lose brings us closer to the return of Hugo the Hornet and the Hornets name back to the QC where it belongs
Victory.Gin::Why isn't Eric Gordon getting 40+ minutes a game?
SIRE77::He played well against a bad team but he looked a little jerky at times when it came to putting pressure on that right knee as he needs to so that he can feel comfortable doing so and hopefully he'll bring himself up to par as he moves forward.
SIRE77::Cuz he just finished rehab.
Victory.Gin::And why is Austin Rivers playing at all? This guy might be a dentist cause it's like pulling teeth to watch him play but he sure ain't no Doc Rivers!
Ds Ballin::Better get on that Bobcats bandwagon!
jeff050578::Vote David Lee to the All Star team
CoolRod365::Can't wait to bring that Hornet logo back to Charlotte where it belongs.
17ChipsComeJune::Jordan needs to go!  He is a total embarrassment.
Victory.Gin::But he won't. He's already admitted to having a serious gambling addiction. And I think owning/operating an NBA franchise is just a substitute for the gambling because really, every decision he makes is a gamble. Trade this player for that one, gamble. Draft this guy over that one, gamble. Sign free agent X to a huge contract, gamble. And the worst part of is that the gambler never has to win! Cause the next move is always going to be the one that turns it all around. Good luck Charlotte.
alanmills1948::This is proof that the NBA needs to contract.
Call it as it Is::The time has come for Jordan to admit he knows nothing about running an NBSA team, admit he is a failure and put the team up for sale.
AGirlThatLovesSports_::sooo mad we blew a lead, gaaawd
SIRE77::LOL !!
AGirlThatLovesSports_::welp.
kel116bev::The shock was you had a lead.
Carld2200::This team was 7-5 at one point.....what happened?
ovechkinisjesus::They lost 18 in a row.
kel116bev::To equal Matt Millen all MJ has to do is draft a Wide Receiver.
Victory.Gin::I think he's already out done Millen. At least Matt was smart enough to stick to the one sport he was great at. Jordan's little baseball mid-career crisis cost the Bulls two rings! Now maybe if Jordan drafts Brittney Griner, I might agree with you.
Leyland should be managing the Cubs::Jordan was arguably the greatest player in NBA history..... and he's well on his way to being the worst GM in NBA history.  Great player, but a total jerk who thinks he knows everything..
kel116bev::MJ the Matt Millen of the NBA.
kel116bev::Pretty sad that you have lost 18 and are close to setting a record for loses that you just set last year.  Where is MJ when you need him.
obxmike59::MJ is such an effective GM that I wish to hell he ran the Moonlite Bunny Ranch.
..Judas Shuttlesworth..::It's the power of the pelican....
sportsfan4880::Why are they a team?
WatergateSwag::BOBCATS BETTER WIN THE FIRST PICK THIS YEAR!!  jesus christ stern
obxmike59::It won't matter.
xmanfolife::Sessions left the Lakers for the Bobcats bcuz??? He did the Lakers a favor....doesn't want to win, he's in it for the paycheck.  Don't understand why the Bobcats picked him up either.......Sessions is not the brightest bulb when it comes to making career decisions....guess he'd rather b a journeyman back-up.
...cat123::Bobcats will end their losing streak and Clippers' winning streak on Feb 26 !!!!!!!!!
pairof9s::I'd say the crazier bet would be that Bobcats WILL win at least one more game this season.
kel116bev::That would make the old 76ers team happy.
hawkman2k13::Benji Wilson is a legend
Matthew0222::Jordan pays his players the 3rd least amount of money in the league. Maybe if Jordan bought some better players he'd win more games. However, in Jordan's defense, he is in a small market. It is financially impossible for him to pay big market prices. And his players definitely don't deserve to be paid the 58 million they are cumulatively getting. They deserve about 20 million max.
Awbridgers::Its our strategy to tank on purpose on build through the draft. Thats why we have no good players that would require good money
DaILLUMINATI::Ben Gordon is a loser and always will be
ovechkinisjesus::He won a national title at UCONN in 2004 moron.
Huskies___Ball::hater
X1xTheShieldx1X::i wouldn't blame bobcats fans for staying silent until this team becomes good and actually does something.man what in embarrassing team to watch.
Flash Gordon.::Jordan needs to lace em up! His team needs him!
Flash Gordon.::I think there's more pressure on the other team not to lose and give up the streak than there is for the Bobcats to win.
kel116bev::I think you have something there Watson.
Johnboy316::Mayby this will be the year MJ finally gets the award for executive of the year.
pairof9s::LOL
sautan::Lets go Eric Gordon. Hope you will return to clippers even though you have been injury prone.
Legit911::Oden* and I know all too well of injuries being a Portland fan..
kel116bev::Well he did go to school with Greg Odom so he knows how to get injured.
bigbluemaniac19::both these franchises have no where to go but up. both are very young and possess good building blocks for the future. nola with davis and gordon and charlotte with kidd-gilley, henderson and walker. if charlotte dont screw up in the draft and get a quality big man. have good shots at potentially landing nerlens noel or cody zeller. IMO noel would fit this team better then say a zeller type of big man. way better defender, especially as a rim protector and help defender, has more athleticism in his flat top then zeller has in his whole body and great potential. with guys like walker/sessions, henderson, mullens and kidd-gilley the last thing they need is another offensive minded player. a line-up with walker, henderson, kidd-gilchrist, mullens and noel plus guys like warrick, biyombo, sessions and gordon coming off the bench they could make some noise in the east next season
metalheadk93::Charlotte Bobcats are now tied for the 18th longest losing streak in history, only 9 more games to break the all time record.  Keep it up
AGirlThatLovesSports_::they already lost 23 games straight last year ^____^
the_real_mark_sanchez::"At least we are not the Lakers"  -Bobcats
log417::Haha good one
pairof9s::Well, he is the real Mark Sanchez, Realroca
X1xTheShieldx1X::the bobcats would welcome being the lakers right now are u kidding me!lol
Realroca::C'mon man, that jokes 3 weeks old.
sports guy12::What's the record for the longest losing streak?
metalheadk93::Yep, by the Cavs 2 years ago and next in line is the Cavs again back in 1982-1983 with 24 in a row.
meats29::26 by the Cavs just 2 years ago
generic celtic homer og::Bobcats are now being considered to be demoted to the wnba
Drunkard..::New Orleans Helicopters
Drunkard..::Los Angeles Helicopters would be better. Clippers should change
KCRCK::Remember the time when all the experts were saying the Bobcats had turned a page at 7-5. . .
cjax34::"We matched our win total from last season, now we can die in peace." -Bobcats
