Paul Corpin::BOSH did it again bitchesss
Debra Quick::Get'em Paul,they tried to punk you earlier!
Marc Taylor::Where are all those rosey, butt-hurt Blazers now?!
Tyler Moss::Bosh was very impressive tonight
Ilya Kolodiychik::People, people, people. Relax. Portland is still AWESOME and so is Miami. SOMEONE had to lose tonight, and unfortunately, it was Portland.  Bosh stepped up when the team needed him. He's often forgotten/overshadowed because of Wade and Lebron but he likes to give these reminders every now and then that if he left Miami and went to be the franchise player somewhere else, he'd be a 25/10 guy on a nightly basis just as he was before he came here.  Great win. Great game. I really like what Portland is up to. You can't win every game. Fans who cry about refs, loses, etc. are just silly. Miami has been losing to Chicago, Indiana, and Boston since the Big 3 came to Miami only to beat all three of them in the playoffs when it matters most.  It's the regular season. Relax. Enjoy your teams.
Donovan James Herrick::THANK YOU! Someone with sense on these forums! I was just saying a few minutes ago that I hope to see 7 more of these games in the Summer/Spring. ;)
Allen Greene::Someone who is a rude  about what they have to say for once.
JP Walsh::That was refreshing.
Shanny Salcedo::how is brooklyn and indiana the game of the night?? the nets are trash....This game should be the game of the night since both these teams are meeting in the Finals
Lester Avellan::I approve of this message ^
Ray Waterman::It may be Portland in the finals but the Heat isn't going to be there this year.  IMO
Melvin Merritt::Just curious Ray, why is that your opinion? What is it based on..
Charles Nicklis::Heat vs West:  2010: 20-10 2011: 12-6 2012: 25-5 2013: 8-1  The Wild Wild West seems awful tame when the Heat is on!
Brandon Tigues::yeah Miami pretty much owns the west
Alex Rivelli-Keagbine::try playing in the western conference where there are more than 3 good teams.
Dustin Silvestri::Brandon Tigues i believe you mean miami pretty much owns everyone....they're the best team in the league, thus the two titles.  This isn't rocket science though it seems you're making it.
Jose Klatter::Any Pacers fans here? Miami beat the team you guys could not beat. By the way, no Lebron. Can your team do it without George? I guess not. Well, it could not do it with George right? lol
Rafael Gavidia::Yeah, Miami also lost to the lowly kings.  What's your point?  Any team can beat any other team on any given day.  Like I said, what's your point?  By the way, the blazers are a neck of a team.
Julie Price::What a great game! It was like when Bosh beat the Spurs last season on  a last second 3.
Larry Kemp::Exactly what i thought too!!
Philip Charles::Wasn't it Allen who did that in game 6, not Bosh?
Ian Swanson::Philip Charles Different game.
Jody George Prats::LeBron James has played more minutes than any other NBA player since 2010. James is pretty much the NBA's Iron Man. He's winning titles at the same time too,   *GOAT
Justin Jenkins::He's playing on the most stacked team in the NBA.  Look at the what they did without him vs the team with the best record.
Brandon Tigues::Justin Jenkins you sound butt hurt..stop crying wah wah wah
Allen Greene::Justin Jenkins stop being such a hater.
James Slattery::NEW TO 2K14 - BE A FAN MODE.  MIAMI HEAT FAN 2K14 CONTROLLER  A= SHOW UP TO THE GAME LATE  B= DON'T SHOW UP TO THE GAME  X= LEAVE GAME EARLY  Y= EAT FOOD  RT = BUY LEBRON JERSEY  LT= CALL LEBRON GREATEST  R2= WEAR SUNGLASSES AT THE GAME  L2= SPEAK SPANISH
Yoonki Ethan Park::dat subtle racism doe
Riley Ubben::dont mean to go full out nerd on you, but. You just combined an xbox controller with a ps3 controller. Xbox is RT, LT, RB, and LB. If you are going to troll, at least be successful when doing it!
JP Walsh::Riley Ubben  Sometimes full nerd mode is warranted.
Virginia Pagan-Sanchez::Let's go heat!!!!!
Karla Elden::Yes, lets go Heat!!
Kev Nelson::Can we cheer together Mrs. Sanchez
Eric Johnson::Heat should put Greg Oden in for this one.
Matt Johnson::Talk about a bust imagine if Portland  would have drafted Durrant instead of Oden. PG Lillard, SG Matthews SF Durrant PF Aldridge C Lopez Bench Williams,Batum,Crabbe,McCollum,Leonard,Freeland,Wright,Robinson wow oh well
Fabian Garza::Matt Johnson If you drafted Durant, I don't think you would have had Lillard.
Virginia Pagan-Sanchez::Matt Johnson stop imagining and get back to reality the blazers are not better than the heats
Charles Nicklis::Man, its a good thing the Heat dont play in the tough West huh??  64-21 against the West since 2010. It just doesntt matter, peeps!
Jabari Akil::Don't show them facts! They don't like to use those.
Luis Martinez::This game will not be on national TV? Is incredible that a game of high interest is not seen around the nation.
Allen Greene::Yeah and we was stuck with Nets and Pacers
William Cooper::No one thought that the Blazers would be as good as they are. The schedules are released in August.
Matt Johnson::Portland has already beat the Spurs,Thunder,Pacers,Clippers This game will mark Portland beating the next 5 best teams in the NBA this year after the Blazers. RIP CITY BABY
Adam Youman::all at home. just wait till you hit the road to be bragging about that
Marcleen Bavogui::Adam Youman exactly keep in mind their catching teams on b2b also
Patrick Martin::Haha, catching teams on backmt backs???  Portland is 15-1 on the second night of a back to back.  Keep that in mind
Matt Johnson::Portland is 11-0 versus the East this year just saying.
Virginia Pagan-Sanchez::The heats are in a 19 game winning streak against the west just saying...
Matt Johnson::Virginia Pagan-Sanchez Don't worry Portland will win.
Virginia Pagan-Sanchez::Matt Johnson even if y'all win won't matter I'll see you in June
Rhys Williams::And in come the Bandwagoners who weren't commenting during the game or whilst the Blazers were leading,
Kervin Vancol::Stay upset guy.
Dishant Patel::and there goes the Haters...bu byye !!!!
Christopher Williams::I've been commenting the whole time :)
Dishant Patel::YO Haters, Where are the REFS excuses now? Yeat thats right, STFU now.
Dishant Patel::LMAO WHERE ARE THE HATERS AT FOOLS???
Rhys Williams::Where were you during the game?
Haris Khan::"The refs bailed the heat out"- blazer fans
Orren Thornes::Haris Khan - and yet not one said a word about the officials except Heat fans
Christopher Couser Dc::Love how the sour puss Portland fans can't handle criticism..smh
Matthan Schrock::Top 6 vs top 6  POR 4-0 (Play @OKC & MIA next 5 days [& @NO]) (Wins against SAN, LAC, OKC & IND)  OKC 4-2 (losses to POR and LAC) (wins against LAC, SANx2 & IND)  SAN 0-5 (losses to POR, LAC, OKC2x & IND) (also 0-2 vs HOU)  LAC 2-4 (losses to POR, MIA, OKC & IND) (wins against OKC & SAN)  IND 3-3 (losses to POR, OKC, MIA) (wins against OKC, SAN, MIA)  MIA, 2-1 (losses to IND) (Wins against LAC & IND)  People taking smack about Portland's defense can chew on this stat:... "Inside of three minutes leading or trailing by three points or less, the Trail Blazers have the third-ranked defense in the league, giving up a minuscule 79.8 points per 100 possessions." (Stat via ESPN)  "Blazers just going through the top 10 teams like its nothing.... Indiana - check San Antonio - check Houston - check Thunder - check Golden State - check Clips - check Heat - We'll see tomorrow." (via Blazermaniac)  #RipCitySee More
Fabian Garza::Only regular season, playoffs are different. Portland does not make it past the second round. They shoot way too many threes, like Barkley says "I don't like shooting teams."
Matthan Schrock::Fabian Garza ... I did not know I would be speaking to a real psychic. You have no idea how excited I am about that. Why don't you just watch the basketball games and enjoy.
Seth Johnson::Fabian Garza Barkley also has twice said on TNT the Blazers would lose the game they are currently playing. he is 0-2. Hes garbage. Dont listen to his so called professional coverage. TNT kept calling the Blazers the 3rd seed. They where at the time tied for 1st
Ralph Delva::LETS GO HEAT! 3 PEAT CITY
Brandon Tigues::Miami>the west
Jonathan James Bresnihan::Indiana > Miami.
Matt Gee::Jonathan James Bresnihan funny, didn't the Heat and Pacers split this season with 1-1..? Aren't the Heat the two time champs of the nba AND eastern conference? Didn't the Heat beat the Pacers to get those back to backs? So, no.. Miami > Indiana until y'all do something more than win a game when nothing matters..
Brandon Tigues::Jonathan James Bresnihan Miami defeated Portland without their best player, Indiana loss to Portland with a healthy team   Miami>Indiana
Cody Palmer::Miami is losing this one!
Al Sotowitz::I hope not, but it wouldn't surprise me. If the Heat do win this one, will people give them credit or will the usual "the refs gave them the game" crowd be here?
Joshua Lyons::Portland is losing this one
Cody Palmer::Not a chance, Joshua. That's a nice fantasy you have that won't happen.
Steve Blesson::Boossssssssssssssssssssssssssh!!!!!!!!!
Jody George Prats::Beasley shot 50% on Batum. Lebron would have dropped 40 on that scrub.
Johnny Tuzzoli::And that is why Bosh is an all-star, proves over and over that he can carry a team to a win when he is featured and given the chance.
