Tom Totosz::This Golden State team is overrated. Their bench is pathetic. The starting 5 are good but injury prone. Team will be a mess once steph, bogut or lee go down
Samit Jain::this 4th qtr has just showed why warriors are not relevant..   a good team would have come back and won this easily
Sean Mantooth::This Warriors team reminds me a lot of the Blazers team last year. Incredibly talented starting 5... and barely anything of value coming off the bench
Daniel Kosinski::You do realize all the starters were off for the first 6 minutes of the quarter yeah??
Daniel Kosinski::Sean Mantooth depth is definitely our issue this year
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Gordon is on a max deal for what he did in one year for the Clippers.  This is one of the worst contracts in the league even though he is still an above average shooting guard.
Tom Totosz::Warriors bench is the worst. Bazemore is possibly the worst player in the league
Sean Mantooth::Agreed I think they should trade bazemore, maybe with another player and get a decent guy to come off the bench
Mang Artemio::no defense at all. its a shooting contest. that's why warriors dont win games
Vladimir Tsalyuk::the hornets have one of the better rosters in the league. its time to fire the coach
Lawrence Ross::uh....what?
Dave Randall::Thanks ESPN moderators for deleting good posts A Holes!
Dave Randall::Pelicans could not make a run in their shorts!
Dave Randall::NBA players are lazy and over paid
Sean Mantooth::Overpaid? Yes. Lazy? No way
Clive A Foster::Is mark Jackson finally going to learn to keep his starters minutes down, Kent Bazemore , Maurice Speight deservers much more minutes, play  Curry and Klay Thompson less minutes, that's why the team haven't been able to finish games a lot of times because of the heavy minutes for Harrison, Thompson and Curry.
Vladimir Tsalyuk::its not like those guys get tired playing more minutes..they never drive to the rim they just shoot all day, it doesn't take away that much energy to put up shots. but I think their minutes should decrease because they play like girls
Peter Peterr::Vladimir Tsalyuk dumb comment lol....you don't think it takes energy moving around screens trying to get a clean look at a catch and shoot?
John Martin::Vladimir Tsalyuk Time to go back to the USSR Vladimir.
Gordon Waller::So what is the deal with Eric Gordon?  Is he just a paycheck casher and disgruntled player?  I don't think he's been in the league long enough to be disgruntled, and he can't be unhappy about his income.  What gives?  Is it the Sampson grime still following him?
Anton Estrella-Arellano::Pelicans are laughable, their plays suck. Their defense isn't that far behind. Granted they got Reke and Davis on the bench, but wow. At least we get their pick next year lol! Zach LaVine to Philly!
Harold Nations::Seems like lots of Warrior fans have, let's be kind, serious man-crushes on Iggy: he had 2 pts and 2 assists in 17 minutes and everyone is hailing the return of their savior!
John Martin::Iggy is important to the Warriors because he adds both offense and defense and because they have a very thin bench. This was just his first game back.  Give him time to get back in synch.
Chad Wiggins::good night the warriors are a different monster with andre ig back in the line up ... he amplifies all the good things they do, and he hides alot of the bad
Chad Wiggins::he takes so much pressure off of curry as a playmaker, and allows him to be a shooter and a scorer
Peter Peterr::Warriors are a very good team when their healthy.  Especially Iguodala with his defense and his ball handling, now curry can come off screens for catch and shoots.
Peter Peterr::Also Curry doesn't have to be as tired now Iguodala can handle the ball and make a play
Clive A Foster::they can stay healthy if the coach doesn't wear them down by unnecessarily playing the starters too much minutes.
Peter Peterr::Warriors with their full squad is so fun to watch...hope Jermaine O'neal heals and comes back, very good back up center
Donnie Kinchen::Should have picked the correct team... dang it. http://imoneyball.com
Aaron Sandeman Malkin::Rumors are that Iggy will be back tonight. If he is, Warriors emotions should be high and will ride that for a 5-10 point win at home.
John Martin::Aaron: Nice call. margin was 11.
Aaron Sandeman Malkin::John Martin thanks! lol
Mang Artemio::in order for a team to win more ball games, they should play defense and limit their opponents to below 90 pts a game.
Peter Peterr::Pelican's should trade Ryan Anderson for Rockets Omer Asik...win -win for both teams?
Harold Nations::only of you think Anthony Davis is a true power forward and not a skinny center.  I hope that's actually true, but there's a solid chance it's not.
Peter Peterr::Harold Nations Well he does play power forward for the pelicans.  Front line of Asik and Davis at PF would be hard to score on. Size and shot blocking
Harold Nations::Peter Peterr but if he's a skinny center instead (and never develops the shot a great PF needs), then you're back to having two centers, like Houston does now.  I think this trade, while interesting, has a chance to make both teams worse.  Anderson has basically the same skill set as Houston's Chandler Parsons so I don't think it helps them much, if at all (well, given that Asik won't/can't play now, I guess it does have to help them some!)
Dave Randall::DOINK!!!!!!!!!!~PELICANS HORRIBLE LAZY NBA PLAYERS!
Samit Jain::15 point game.. getting interesting.. mark jhackson has no idea what he is doing
Samit Jain::i could coach better than mark jackson... dude doesnt know the basics haha
Dave Randall::How about a few more BRICKS Pelicans?...try some rebounds too!
Ryan Zamora::Big game for the Western Conference picture even if it's only December.
