Andy P Kordyban::Thumbs up if you think Woodson needs to be canned tomorrow.
Christopher Paul Bowen::If you have Melo or JR on your team, you will not be a very good team....Knicks have both lol
Jeffrey Chang::except for the fact that they won over 50 games and made it to the western conf finals when they were together in denver
Jeff Yu::and what happened the year after?
Christopher Paul Bowen::Jeffrey Chang And how about now? One year bro nice sample size they have played together for like 10
Liam Sibson::Anthony and Smith: 14-50.  Just a typical day in brick city.
William Huang::What NBA coach would allow a guy that shoots 25% to jackup 20+ shots a game??
Saiful Apollo::this has to be the most ugliest double overtime game
Matt Washburn::What a barnburner between the two worst teams in the NBA
Andy P Kordyban::J.R Smith has jacked up 17 three pointers lmao
Andy P Kordyban::These two teams are pretty good.  Regards, The D-League
Colin Uza::Carmelo = chuck city  Sincerely, Rudy Gay
Carl D Hill::Colin Uza Rudy is a scrub, that;s why team after team kicks him to the curb....
Colin Uza::Carl D Hill That's the point of the joke you moron.
Carl D Hill::Another average PG looking like CP3 against my Knicks......
DrFeebz John::Knicks suck bottom line… get over it
Jason Peters::Wow, I can't believe the Knicks are actually gonna lose this game. I mean I know the Knicks aren't that good but they should be able to beat a horrible Bucks team who is trying to tank.
Taylor Manes::I can't believe the bulls lost against the knicks jazz and bucks...oh wait their tanking...good job tho knicks won..expect the unexpected...oh and the bulls lost against the Cavaliers
Andy P Kordyban::Iso-Melo , Iso-Smith, & Bargnani-Brick are the only 3 plays in Woodson's playbook.
Ken Ferriello::And he was Iso Joe in Atlanta. He is the Iso coach
Will Coyle::9 for 29 Shooting for Melo and 17 3 point attempted shots for JR.. MY GOODNESS! That is nowhere close to being a championship team. EVER
Colin Uza::JR Smith is truly horrible. If you look up chucker in Urban Dictionary, JR needs to be in the description.
Andy P Kordyban::Smith, Bargnani and Anthony are a combined 19 for 65.
Al Sotowitz::8/26 & 8/22.  Tell me again how talented these guys are.
William Huang::They are most talented brick throwers to ever walk on the court..
Carl D Hill::Melo-26/9 @45% for the season, ...better stats than YOUR favorite baller...@Huang, we KNOW who YOUR favorite baller is, that's why you are here making a fool out of yourself,and, you are butt-hurt,  say i am lying?
Carl D Hill::No smart a** response?
Mike Farah::The garbage game of all times
Brandon Tigues::carmelo 8-28..wow
Justin Nixon::I was wondering.. if Carmelo gets more than 5 assists in a game, does he really turn to stone? or was that a myth?
Tony Hartmann::LMAO
Brandon Tigues::brandon knight's having a career game..I see, where was this last year?
Justin Nixon::don't worry.. he brought his 2 assists to 8 turnovers like last year
Brandon Tigues::Justin Nixon lol..yeah he isn't good at the point
Carl D Hill::EVERY PG get theirs against the Knicks "guards", ...it's standard procedure...
Jes Son::9/29 melo 7/23 Smith  Wooo good god
Jason Nieves::I'LL TAKE THAT W THO WOOOOHOO
Piitbull Garcia Romera::Jason Nieves barely.
Jason Nieves::Piitbull Garcia Romera at this point if barely puts a w in the w column i'm good with it!!!
Mike Banks::Knicks will find a way to lose this game
Joe Coburn::Bucks can find ways to lose with the best of them.
Tony Cristaldi::I think they call this a pillow fight, no?
Drizzlez Wang::Jr Smith shoots 17 3's...
Alex Stevinson::Don't look now but Brandon Knight got an assist and JR Smith made a shot on a consecutive possession. My mind may explode
Danny Harvey::what about carmelo getting an assist?
Jason Rosenbaum::They've been playing for nearly 55 minutes and the Bucks have 12 total assists? What the hell?
Lou Bone::haha it is hilarious watching Knicks fans try to defend Melo.
Shaun Mitts::okay he was 9-29, so lets just forget the fact that he had 9 rebs, 4 assists and 2 blks??  and also he was the only player that had a + rating?
Lou Bone::Shaun Mitts all in 2 over times. he had 1 assist deep into the 4th quarter. if you really need to defend him, feel free. all he is is a chucker.
Shaun Mitts::Lou Bone seems like ur one of those dudes that just hate melo even though he produces stats. whos ur team the heat? pacers? thunder?
Clifford Francois::glad to see Toure' Murry get some playing time tonight.
Scott McHardy::good to see him waste all of them.
Clifford Francois::Scott McHardy given the fact that woodson never give rookies a chance, heck, it was still good to see the young buck play.
Scott McHardy::I'm just hatin' cause I'm getting tired of lacklustre performances by my Knicks..  You are absolutely right.
