ThatsGoodSoup7963::PP had a solid game and that's always cool to see. A total letdown by my Celtics though. Looked pretty inconsistent out there. Here's hoping we start to pick things up. Go CELTICS.
xmanfolife::Retire Manu...every season this guy goes down for some kind of injury for a good length of time.  Nagging injuries means he's too old to play a full season.....hence it's retirement time, he's got a couple of rings...no shame.
Bishop 72::Is it me or does this game against the Spurs look like the same one we had against Houston? WTF is goin on wit my Celtics?
mkwan0::Losing Manu for any length of time is really going to strain a team already missing SJax and Kawhi.  Good news for Anderson and De Colo, not good news for the Spurs.
Sam_Cassells_Spaceship::Celtics are not a contender anymore as long as the Miami heat exist.
xmanfolife::Celtics front court is old &amp; weak......
who stole my lighter...::popps really shouldve rested his players tonight... what a fool
DalvinSplit::Awesome play by the Spurs  against Celtic .Now let's see what we can do  at  OKC  Looks like C  Jack and Leonard will be avialable to play  By all means GO SPURS GO
nba is the worst::Spurs looked very consistent throughout the game. Amazing highlight for TP on that reverse swish.  I'd love to see them shut up the OKC fans Monday - GO SPURS!
Reinhard.Heydrich::I hope so. No Manu, Duncan needs a break, no Kawhi...but I hear Jack is supposed to be back for OKC. hopefully he's not too rusty
celticsfan748::Celtics are really reserving for the playoffs. its frustrating now, but it will be all worth it in may.
Vaquero In The House::Reserving?  Well if that's what you want to call it, that fine with me, however the Celtics of last night looked like they're were running on fumes.  Fact is, the Celtics, as a team, are as old as the Spurs, the difference is the Celtics don't have the bench players the Spurs have at their disposal to provide rest for their starters nor can Rondo do what Parker does.  The month of May will come &amp; go &amp; the Celtics will probably go nowhere!    Just a Spurs fan that follows the NBA.
ron4317::Maybe the Celtics management should be asking
13Datty40Zetty::no one asked
bronxbomber62::I assume that was sarcasm...
nba is the worst::Nope, just a Celtics fan that knows the team
bronxbomber62::Two old teams...one good and one not so good.
DalvinSplit::Who is so OLD  on the Spursteam beside Duncan and Ginobili !!?
Vaquero In The House::Agree!
ImOldschool1964::Spurs fans, I know we're all used to our team being snubbed by ESPN but can you believe that Tony Parker up and under layup didn't make the "Top 10" plays on ESPN?  F.UCK YOU ESPN!  n|n
Mr. Nut Job::I admit that Tony Parker is ignored for some reason.
nba is the worst::Should make NBA TV's "Smitty's top 10 below the rim" though
brisilk::RR is averaging 12 pts and 6 turnovers during the past 5 games (no wonder C's are 2-3). Would rather see him boost his ppg and cut down on his assists (way TOO MUCH overpassing). Rondo has to score more (see Parker, Westbrook, DRose when he returns) if C's expect to improve. He needs to take the ball to the basket and play better perimeter D on opposing PG's.
ginobiliforlife::Ginobili will be back to dominate the playoffs - book it
Mr. Nut Job::The Spurs Bench has got to be the best in the NBA... I think Ginobili will be back soon... maybe a rest will do him good!
ImOldschool1964::I agree.  To be honest I think it's a good thing to have to "shelf" Manu for awhile during the regular season - I'd rather it happen in December then April.
mksatx::phew. time for sports conversation elsewhere...
BexyIndy55::It's 3:51 AM and the Lakers are still a garbage team who don't know how to play the game of basketball.
Mr. Nut Job::13 championships though
Big_time_sports_knowledge::10:25 pm eastern standard team and your observation still holds true
ImOldschool1964::7:50 am (cst) and their status hasn't changed.
Will Conroy.::5:22 and same result.
Kev0100::I have been using this bet system called sportsbettingstar the past couple of months now. I am making between 2-3K a month profit using this system so far. If you search google for sports betting systems you can find the systems there.
Kobe_uses_1_ply_toilet_paper::been using a flag system called Spamflaggingstar. I doubled my initial flagging the first month and flagged almost 3,000 spammers by the end of my second just following this systems tips. You can flag the spammers on google by searching for spam flagging systems.
budlightforme::Wow, the celtics suck!
Mr. Mike Brown::I gotta go, gn to you all lakers suck
Kobe_uses_1_ply_toilet_paper::call me you loser  -Mike Dantoni
MijoMartinez::This board is bad and we should feel bad.
Mr. Mike Brown:::'(
My Friend Liked My Comment So I liked It Back::You youngbloods need a lesson from Uncle Drew
Ryan DePaul Decisions::Wank  lol
mooseBSU11::Sometimes life is hard
Ryan DePaul Decisions::-Bill Gates
Baby Fernando Torres..::Decisions, It's a sunday. what about u? awake at 1 am trolling ESPN. who's the bum here? U wank $@%!$!
Ryan DePaul Decisions::mad?
Ryan DePaul Decisions::toress is mad cause he has nothing to do at 9am  what a bum
Ryan DePaul Decisions::Baby Toress u dont know teethmold  u are fronting
BABY IGGY.. DONT CELEBRATE A WIN IN PHILLY::the goat of porn
Baby Fernando Torres..::sure I do. He's always posting nudes online. I knew him online since July
Ryan DePaul Decisions::lies, what were your other names?
BABY IGGY.. DONT CELEBRATE A WIN IN PHILLY::there are 3 bobcat fans
mooseBSU11::Does Mj count
BABY IGGY.. DONT CELEBRATE A WIN IN PHILLY::he isnt even a bobcat fan
Ryan DePaul Decisions::its barley 12
Lewade Dwyames....::almost 3 am in the east
Baby Fernando Torres..::Decisions is the one with no life. U are awake on ESPN board instead of sleeping LOL
Nate McMillan::You are, too.
Ryan DePaul Decisions::I want to be a hammer
Baby Fernando Torres..::it's almost 9am here toolbox!
Ryan DePaul Decisions::you are right bro
Nate McMillan::I need a job.
Mr. Mike Brown::sorry nate
mooseBSU11::Do you think there are any bobcat fans out there.....
mooseBSU11::I'd be embarrassed to say
BABY IGGY.. DONT CELEBRATE A WIN IN PHILLY::yeah... somewhere
Ryan DePaul Decisions::HERE
Ryan DePaul Decisions::Wizards fan actually
Lewade Dwyames....::lakers re so bad u decided to jump on the bobcats bandwagon? i see, i see
Ryan DePaul Decisions::baby torres takes his own fruit to jamba juice and asks for a discount
BABY IGGY.. DONT CELEBRATE A WIN IN PHILLY::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YDIULwv4eMA here's the block
Dame Lillard::The Spurs must've been fueled by our game.
Lewade Dwyames....::that picture is really creepy
Mr. Mike Brown::you are probably right Dame
Ryan DePaul Decisions::Baby Torres is an outcast  I will report him to the police asap
Mr. Mike Brown::Rejected by nasty nate
zbissett277::missed the the BOS/SA game, but Parker made a lay up with 3 mins left to but SA up 14 and he got "animated?" sounds very rookie
Baby Fernando Torres..::Decisions is a grown man trying to hit on a girl on ESPN board. He's probably Ugly and cant get ladies
mooseBSU11::Prove it!! Oh you can't
Ryan DePaul Decisions::I have a gf bud
Ryan DePaul Decisions::I have a gf bud
Ryan DePaul Decisions::but i have a gf bud
Baby Fernando Torres..::yeah i'd say that if i was in ur shoes too hahah
Mr. Mike Brown::Damn Nate robinson rejected a net(brooklyn) tonight
BABY IGGY.. DONT CELEBRATE A WIN IN PHILLY::with his elbow
Mr. Mike Brown::haha nice
Ryan DePaul Decisions::y
Ryan DePaul Decisions::f.uck baby torress   fake baby
Baby Fernando Torres..::Am not a baby u wank!
mooseBSU11::Spurs, okc, and Memphis coming out of the west.
mooseBSU11::Mabye only time will tell
Lewade Dwyames....::only one team can come out the west
Baby Fernando Torres..::lol only 1 team can get out of a conference
Mr. Mike Brown::3 teams playing in the finals from the west? interesting
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo18::gn
Baby Fernando Torres..::night boo
BOSHASAURAUS::gn
Ryan DePaul Decisions::wow, right when i get here? do u hate me?
Ryan DePaul Decisions::stay :(
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo18::lol i didn't see your post when i was typing my post, just a coincidence.
Lewade Dwyames....::gn
Mr. Mike Brown::gn miss
Ryan DePaul Decisions::sup
Derrick... Rose...::lo
Ryan DePaul Decisions::iggy
Mr. Mike Brown::lakers suck
Lewade Dwyames....::miss him much?
Mr. Mike Brown::the feeling isnt mutual
Ryan DePaul Decisions::I love u mike brown
Dame Lillard::Rondo's got his strengths, but with a starting line-up like the Lakers, no way they should be 10-14.
Mr. Mike Brown::They are overrated, fired the better coach to get a worse coach
Lewade Dwyames....::true dat
Mr. Mike Brown::I get paid to watch them implode, why would I be?
Lewade Dwyames....::u mad mike?
Lewade Dwyames....::no way dwight is staying there
Baby Fernando Torres..::Rondo cant score...he's lucky he has scorers that he just passes to and get assists. Rondo cant carry a team
Lewade Dwyames....::i think rondo is gotta look to score more, since the people around him are missing everything, 6 pts wont get it done
mooseBSU11::Haha Parker is clearly
Mr. Mike Brown::he can score, he just prefers to pass
Mr. Mike Brown::Rondo garbage? you really know nothing about basketball
Baby Fernando Torres..::so Rondo is garbage
Mr. Mike Brown::well cp3 is the best pg in the NBA, so....
Baby Fernando Torres..::CP3 can score and assist.
Mr. Mike Brown::Thanks
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo18::you're a smart man coach
mooseBSU11::I blame Stern for ginobili's injury........ $@%!$@%
mooseBSU11::Yes
Mr. Mike Brown::hello grizzly adams
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo18::no shave november hit you hard
Derrick... Rose...::nice beard
Lewade Dwyames....::rondo with 6 pts? pathetic
Derrick... Rose...::Rondo needs to start doind what a true leader does for his team, find a way to win, no matter how it is
Boston Celtics.::one thing I will agree with right there. Anywho time for me to close this laptop. see ya tuesday if I don't see you tommorow.
Derrick... Rose...::gn
Boston Celtics.::zzzz I'm out everyone
Mr. Mike Brown::gn good sir
Mr. Mike Brown::peace out paul
Boston Celtics.::see ya coach
Baby Fernando Torres..::night troll
Boston Celtics.::lol c's vs SA board and you're a lakers fan. SMD
Derrick... Rose...::gn
Derrick... Rose...::peace
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo18::that's iggy?
Boston Celtics.::see ya iggy
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo18::gn
Boston Celtics.::see ya beza
Mr. Mike Brown::this soccer kid really is as dumb as he looks
Baby Fernando Torres..::Nash was winning MVPs when he was at Rondo's age. Rondo is bricking right now...and will get worse when he gets to Nash's age
Boston Celtics.::besides we're talking about right now idiot. you don't have prime Nash.
Boston Celtics.::doubt it.
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo18::Rondo almost had a triple double, and not in a good way.
Lewade Dwyames....::TOs lmao
Boston Celtics.::2nd time in a row fatigue I'm tellin ya!
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo18::idk man, he looked terrible.
