saboowarer::Hey boys
Charris998::Heat is beast.
raggja::People keep saying that, they hate LeBron because he's arrogant. Ask them, other than the decision what else they hate him for? They can't tell you.
Agnostic11::I don't hate him but people who do also mention his lame posse, his pre-game choreographed dances with his teammates, etc.
3 and 13 raiders::Whats wrong with Bosh?  Is he gonna play tonight in Utah?
Robert156877::No.  He is attending his grandmothers funeral.
Finatic335::heat are playing on another planet write now.  better than  the spurs the bulls and the thunder
Broken Sports::Is LeBron James the Greatest Villain of all Time? - http://brokensports.com/2012/03/02/is-lebron-james-the-greatest-villain-of-all-time/
_misterfurious::Not even close. He doesn't even like being a villain.  Reggie Miller wqs a great villain when he was playing - he loved that role.
jedwinegar::The heat are going down tonight in Utah! write it down
badgerfootball94::You sir are going to look incredibly stupid after the game
BearJWS::Why not, they go down on each other.... but they probably should ask Utah nicely first.
JaxFl45::Back in the day I use to hate Larry Bird because he was the Lakers biggest rival and I loved me some Magic. Larry had skill and is one of the best that the NBA has offered. I could see that then, that's why I didn't like him. I said that to say this, I understand why you guys hate Lebron. There is no answer for him as of yet. There are some greats but none the caliber of Lebron James. Don't let your heart be heavy, it's bad for your health...lol.
RunTheBall22::no answer? nine years no rings. ummmmmm
flyingiron2463::9th year. jordan won his in 6. jordan also wasn't thrown into the wolves at 18 either he had time to develop in college.
RealTalkNC::straight out of high school.
JDiddy8720::He played 7 years in Cleveland.
Jeeeeum::How quickly people forget that those nine years were in CLEAVELAND(with a relatively mid level!! Not L.A, not Chi-town, Not Boston, Not MIA!! You have to be in the right SITUATION to win championships! (as Stockton,Barkley,etc.)
thebattousai99::run the ball. you sound foolish.. stop.  please... just stop.
JaxFl45::Michael played in college, so he actually had played longer than Lebron.
RunTheBall22::Lebron has been in the league a lot longer than MJ
Lindin1100::It was never Lebron vs 5. Its always been two top teams dueling it out and the better team at that time won.
JaxFl45::MJ got his first at the age of 28, Lebron just turned 27. He has time.
RicoSuave925::Lakers fans do you think Management is gonna do something before the trade deadline?
IsaiahFrancis::not a lakers fan but they shouldn't dismantle their team  get a pg and another scorer off the bench. then they'll be fine
jeremym13::No one is talking about dismantling the team.  They are shopping Gasol for a PG....
IsaiahFrancis::i didn't say they shouldn't trade anyone. i said don't dismantle the team. keep the big guys and kobe. the rest plus the draft picks should be pieces used to get a pg and scorer off the bench
jeremym13::And how do you suggest they pick up a PG and another scorer if they don't trade someone?
IsaiahFrancis::otherwise i don't see them winning anything
TayCarson::Hopefully this will be Nate's final days in Portland. He has done a great job rebuilding the program, but the team has outgrown him. His in-game strategy and offensive sets are predictable and it's time for the Blazers to move on
Nathan94713::Hey, I take that personally.
IsaiahFrancis::taking bets:  who will be the most physically aggressive during the game on sunday?  kobe barnes or world peace
WillyCzonkaToo::Bynum
jeremym13::D WADE
IsaiahFrancis::interesting choice
RicoSuave925::I wouldn't be surprise if Metta World Peace gives Wade a hard foul on Sunday....Metta is crazy and funny..
thebattousai99::barnes.... sending a message.. laughable.
JaxFl45::D. Wade is no ones punk. They better bring it if they are that juvenile.
IsaiahFrancis::barnes sounded more angry about the foul than did metta. i think barnes might be the one sending the message
WillyCzonkaToo::David Stern - either punish Wade or greenlight the rest of the league to give concussions and broken noses.
Robert156877::Let's not be stupid about it.  I am the first to want the Hate to pay, but there was nothing malicious about it.  It was a good hard foul that resulted in a freak accident.  Nothing more than that.  D Rose gets fouls like that dealt to him at least a dozen times a night, regardless of the team the Bulls are playing.  Should this foul mean something more because the two best SG in the league are involved or it happened in the all-star game? I think not.
thebattousai99::willy.. there is a difference between intentionally fouling and intentionally hurting someone.  Yes, Wade was trying to intentionally foul kobe, but no way in hell was he intentionally trying to hurt kobe.  Stop your crying, you sound like a dumb.as.s.. and NO, Wade wont be suspended for the game on Sunday.  Lakers could only wish he was.
thebattousai99::and yes. a 'clip' can cause a nasal fracture or break.  With kobe's force going upward, and Wade's force coming downward, the strength behind the 'clip' is more forceful mainly because both players were moving in opposite directions and when contact was made, the small clip to kobe's nose was enough to cause damage.
thebattousai99::oh.. so it was a direct punch to the face? Are you that bias? Or just plain stupid? Or both?
WillyCzonkaToo::a 'clip' does not cause a concussion :next:
thebattousai99::wow.. really? have you even watched the reply of the foul.   Here so you can see it.. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3JCZtj7D18o  Wade went up to wrap up kobe, but on the way down, his right hand clipped kobe's nose causing the break.    A hard foul, sure.. an F1 or F2? No way.  It was unintentional.  Plus, what was excessive about it? He went up, and his arm met kobe's nose.. its not like he closelined kobe or punched him or shoved him to the ground.. he attempted a wrap up but it ended up hurting kobe.  Accidental? Totally.   Get over it.. seriously.  Your crying on these chat rooms isnt gonna help you get Wade punished.
WillyCzonkaToo::he hit him from the blind side and did not go for the ball, but for his HEAD. The result was a broken nose and a concussion. during the ALL STAR game  If I did that to you after a game, from behind, with the same results, and then said 'I was going for that insect in front of you, I didn't MEAN to hurt you' - how would you react. Would that make it OK? Cause I didn't mean to?  "In basketball, a flagrant foul is a serious personal foul. A foul is considered flagrant when it involves excessive or violent contact which could injure the fouled player."
WillyCzonkaToo::all you Wade apologists sound like tramp girlfriends-  'I didn't MEAN to cheat on you. He tricked me!'
clippsallday::Well quit hating on Lebron to because he is a good player, just dont be a hater nd respect the show these guys give u every night
The Los Machine::Wow. You sound very g.a.y typing that
WillyCzonkaToo::"The result was worse than the foul.  It really didn't look like much on the film...."  Conversely, the Barea foul looked much worse on film than it actually was. That led to a FOUR game suspension.
WillyCzonkaToo::"In basketball, a flagrant foul is a serious personal foul. A foul is considered flagrant when it involves excessive or violent contact which could injure the fouled player." n.swinger....
jeremym13::So.....he should get a 4 game suspension for an accidental injury he caused during an all star game?!  d.bag....
The Los Machine::Lol ok Laker fan
clippsallday::@Isaiah deff sending a message cuz her got ripped.
clippsallday::And you stop hating on Kobe you homer.
The Los Machine::Lol I'm not a Kobe Hater, I'm a Lebron hater. The foul just wasn't that bad and you know it.
IsaiahFrancis::it was a freak accident. wade did lash out, but he was just trying to give kobe a little something back for fouls he believed weren't called. however, wade had no intentions of hurting kobe, but i do believe he was trying to send a message  kobe getting hurt was an accident and if kobe got hit like that 100 more times he probably wouldn't get injured
WillyCzonkaToo::it was the All-Star game, no matter what he should not have done it. The injury DID occur, no matter what he should be punished
IsaiahFrancis::the foul was intentional the injury was not if wade knew kobe was going to get hurt he would not have done it
WillyCzonkaToo::"wade did lash out, but he was just trying to give kobe a little something back for fouls he believed weren't called. "  Exactly. It was INTENTIONAL. He did MEAN to do it.  Wade should be punished.
clippsallday::People dont intentionally foul someone like that in an All Star game tho.
The Los Machine::Go watch Golf
JaxFl45::and in the process punish every other person that has fouled someone. Wade had no malicious intent when he fouled Kobe. Kobe accepts that why can you?
jeremym13::^^^  That makes total sense!  Thanks for putting things in perspective.....smh
WillyCzonkaToo::Jax's girlfriend- 'Yes, I cheated on you, but there was no malicious intent when I f@#ked him in your bed. Kobe accepts that why can you?'
The Los Machine::That foul wasn't that bad lol people do get hurt sometimes when you play basketball.
straightouttaTROY::The result was worse than the foul.  It really didn't look like much on the film.
IsaiahFrancis::why would dikembe mutumbo give his twin sons two different last names?
flyingiron2463::yesss!!!
RicoSuave925::lol
RicoSuave925::Whos gonna win a ring first Rose Durant or Lebron?
IsaiahFrancis::we'll find out at the end of this year  one of them will win the title this year
IsaiahFrancis::none of them haha but i guess rose has the best shot
RicoSuave925::who you rooting for?
Lindin1100::What was Lebrons PER last night?
Lindin1100::I do. Anybody else know. This Neanderthal is useless.
nba is the worst::Reg season game.  More interesting is that his 2011 Finals PER isn't available...
RicoSuave925::who gives a s.h.i.t
Lindin1100::when articles says its the highest PER ever I'm kind of interested.
flyingiron2463::crazy and who looks at that for each game?
mark35345::Portland will get their act together before the playoffs. Only if they play all their games at home against the Lakers that is. The Blazers look like Brick city too often. If Camby gets hurt : it's over.
brandon thompson13::It does not matter if Camby gets hurt.  Blazers have Pryzbilla.  But it is over anyway.
SerioRaider::I apologize, I made a comment about LeBron's physical appearance and I didn't stop to think that maybe some of you find him attractive.
IsaiahFrancis::hahaha
MONSTAZRULE::lol
RunTheBall22::funny how Lebron with a big lead has that mean look on his face and plays all tough and then just tucks tail when it matters the most. don't think I have ever seen anything like it before. like that guy who acts all tough when he has all his friends to back him up but runs from a one on one fight. way to go King
flyingiron2463::I'm a heat fan and I approve of this message. Heatgang
RicoSuave925::The East have been so weak the last couple of years...
flyingiron2463::pretty even now. got a lot of crappy teams on both sides
_nba is the worst_::6 winning teams in the east, 8 in the west - and 5 of the bottom 6 in the least disagrees
terrapin5dixon::Finishing five games under .500 and receiving a playoff spot...that's the way they do it in the East..
IsaiahFrancis::and by couple years you mean past decade plus
IsaiahFrancis::anyone else think oden and lebron are twins?
TayCarson::They aren't twins - Oden is LeBron's father
RealTalkNC::maybe he's your father
WillyCzonkaToo::is Oden balding too?
clippsallday::came into* haha im not even tryna make a joke, thats just a fact, imean why cant u buy some razors to shave when u make millions? hahaha
flyingiron2463::Lebron was only 32 Oden was actually 56 thats why hes played in so many games.
clippsallday::Both of them game in to the league at the age of 45...
RicoSuave925::lol
RicoSuave925::yup
terrapin5dixon::You'd think that a team that is 5th in the league in scoring offense and 10th in the league in points allowed would have a better record than 18-18.
TayCarson::That's Nate McMillan for you. He gets out-coached every single game
I Know My Facts::MIAMI &gt; DETROIT  (city)  DETROIT PISTONS &gt; MIAMI HEAT
mgm305::Glad to see you know your cities but for the second one, come on...
RicoSuave925::The FBI Should investigate LeChoke birth certificate cause when he came to the league he was 22 not 18...
clippsallday::This was a good one, lol
matheus1989::suave i like u .. but come up with good stuff, try harder
IsaiahFrancis::and oden was like 47ish...give or take a year
I Know My Facts::TIM TEBOW &gt; DANE WANE
I Know My Facts::Orlando &gt; MIAmi
I Know My Facts::ORL has ryan anderson
matheus1989::nah thats just dumb..
I Know My Facts::Oden &gt; Lequit
clippsallday::I can respect that.
I Know My Facts::I don't have any of those around here.  But I work in a supermarket.  16
clippsallday::Damn thats worse than working at jack in the box.
I Know My Facts::7.25 min wage
clippsallday::Yet u get 8 bucks an hour nd he gets billions. Nice one hater.
RicoSuave925::I think it would be scary if D-Rose and Howard team up..I'm not even a Bulls fan...That would be unstoppable...
SerioRaider::The problem that LeBron has been having is that his hairline was slowing him down. Luckily it has been receding every season and now is back somewhere between his shoulder blades so now he is a lot more aerodynamic.
YungRadio6::Hes probably ugly as $@%! hahahaha
JaxFl45::When all else fails, attack a person's physical appearance.
JaxFl45::He is not the only one with a receding hairline. I can see a lot scalps and some of them are younger than Lebron. For instance, Durant.
SerioRaider::damn, I went straight for the appearance, I didn't even bother trying anything else. Good advice, thanks.
jiznake8::I like lebron, but when you get paid anything over 1 million a year, you are officially free game to make fun of appearance wise.
Chuck Taylor.::Lebron and Wade scissor each other every night
BearJWS::LOL
clippsallday::Lebron &gt; Cp3 player Cp3 &gt; Lebron Better leader
IsaiahFrancis::2 years ago "Lebron is the greatest. Wade and the Heat are nothing compared to Lebron and my Cavs" -80% of Heat fans  "Man Lebron is the most overrated b-ball player in the world. Wade would school his @ss" -20% of Heat fans
JaxFl45::Be real, the ear has not heard nor has the eye seen anything like Lebron James. Of course we want to see him ball. You watch him too and claim to hate him. Lebron is good for the NBA.
mgm305::Wade has always been my favorite player
IsaiahFrancis::i said nothing about lebron's skill nor his greatness. i was merely pointing out that Heat fans now were either Cavs fans two years ago or thought Wade was better than lebron 2 years ago
DoNotBanMe123::FACT: DWade and LBJ are closeted gays! they are lovers! and heat fans are homos!
flyingiron2463::Gabrielle Union is just an amazing cover up I guess
mgm305::or the fact that LeBron is engaged and Bosh is married
Blitzbolt::So?You have something agains Gays??I find this offensive Grow Up.
BearJWS::I don't think gay people want them on their team either!
RicoSuave925::along with Chrish Bosh ( really gay)
The Los Machine::Lebron fans have short term memory lol June wasn't that long ago when he was standing in the corner like Bruce Bowen in The Finals. He's a front runner. If The Heat win it all, it will be because of Wade.
Dareus21::THE NUGGETS LOOK THE SAME WITHOUT MELO
The Los Machine::Yeah and The Knicks look better without him. So what does that mean?
jiznake8::Right, and the reason the Cavs went from one of the best teams to the absolute worst team after he left is because of Mo Williams.
The Los Machine::Look at The Hornets. Any team that would lose a superstar can fall off big time.
jiznake8::irrelevant to the point.
The Los Machine::How many rings did The Cavs win with Lebron?
jakimeadoodle::Remove the University of Houston from his timeline and Lebron's career and game most closely resembles Clyde Drexler. Unbelievable athletic talent and got his Portland teams close three years in a row before jumping ship and teaming up with Hakeem...Lebron just did it younger
jiznake8::You are really going to compare Clyde to Lebron? They are in a completely different class.
WillyCzonkaToo::LePed has no class
flyingiron2463::So did Lebron. 2007 did happen
mgm305::LeBron is STILL PLAYING have some f*cking patience
jakimeadoodle::Yeah Clyde actually led his team to the Finals a few times and didn't choke
flyingiron2463::what do you mean by that sir?
jakimeadoodle::except of course, Clyde went to his hometown team instead of leaving them
miaheat333::Boy oh boy, when are we gonna lose another game?
miaheat333::or will we? the way we're playing
22Young Money::Lebron&gt;Jordan....okay?
BearJWS::6 Championships &gt; 0 Championships Jordan &gt; LeDork 30 ppg career &gt; 27 ppg career
Chuck Taylor.::Deandre Jordan...yes
42Wolverine21::wahahahahahah!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
22Young Money::raaaaaa!!!!!!
jiznake8::Better athlete? Yes. Better player? not yet.
flyingiron2463::not athlete either
jiznake8::We will see. I can't predict the future, can you?
The Los Machine::LOL not ever
Chuck Taylor.::If the Heat is D-Wades team, why are you  Heat fans huggin Lebrons nuts so hard?
mgm305::I defend LeBron because he plays on my team just like you would defend any one of the players on your team.
clippsallday::Hahaha
flyingiron2463::yall are only going at him. when ppl go at wade and chalmers and haslem I defend as well. Bosh is too fun to pick on tho
clippsallday::CP3 of course, the PG also!
clippsallday::Best friends, Wade begged him to go their... Lebrons better than Wade nd thats nothing, but the truth.
flyingiron2463::you are a "clippers fan" nobody pays attention to you. only reason why i did because you decided to put Wades name in the comment.
clippsallday::Before Lebron came he made a deal with Wade that he was gonna be the captain, so its Lebrons team now. LOL
RicoSuave925::who's the captain of the Clippers Chris Paul or Blake Griffin?
42Wolverine21::hes a friggin beast
flyingiron2463::lets shoot him
flyingiron2463::quit saying bs like that
Chuck Taylor.::im adding you to my ignore list. you have no credibility whatsoever
42Wolverine21::heck yeh
Chuck Taylor.::better than Jordan/Pippen?  better than Shaq/Kobe? better than Magic/Kareem? better than Stockton/Malone?
The Los Machine::Lebron fans, if he's so much better then Wade, Why did he join WADE"S TEAM?
42Wolverine21::they make the best tandem of all time period.
jiznake8::no he's not. I don't even think he would say that he is better than lebron.
JaxFl45::That would be wishful thinking.
The Los Machine::Wade is better
DoNotBanMe123::I hate Miami Heat, I really do.
flyingiron2463::you have no reason to.
mgm305::Except that the Heat probably embarrassed his team
22Young Money::bahahahaha u stink
42Wolverine21::id be jealous too
RicoSuave925::NBA Finals 2012 game 7... Heat are down by 1 point... 5 seconds to play Lebrons has the ball 5 ,4,3,2,1 and LeChoke pass the ball as the time expired LMAO
YungRadio6::Not at all, actually im happy they lost last year. Its just throwing fuel on the fire
YungRadio6::Who laughs at their own jokes? You are a lonely little man
YungRadio6::Ill like your comment to support your cause lol
RicoSuave925::you mad bro?
BearJWS::No LeDork was on Twitter begging people to like him again... Claiming it wasn't his fault they didn't win, BEFORE the game was over...
matheus1989::rico suave stop embarassing yourself they aint goin to make that far
RicoSuave925::okay my bad
42Wolverine21::LBjames=2012 NBA finals MVP
BearJWS::Which video game?
Chuck Taylor.::saw the same posts last year
jakimeadoodle::in that situation, I wouldn't be surprised if he just sat down and started crying
Blitzbolt::Clipps suck they will get beat by my Grizzlies.
Chuck Taylor.::Heat fans VS. Clipper fans  War of the bandwagonners. Who wins?
clippsallday::quiet*
JaxFl45::You can call it what you want to. Whatever feels right but I am going to ride this wagon until the wheels fall off. Go Heat!
flyingiron2463::your from FLA so youre really not on a wagon. youre on the leer with the team
clippsallday::Nd me, their was a lot of quite clipper fans in SD here where i live, but now their are alot cuz their not ashamed to say they like the clippers. However i always rooted for them throughout all the tough nd good times.
IsaiahFrancis::good times?
matheus1989::clippers maybe nah heat fans they say some dumb $@%!
IsaiahFrancis::heat fans only because i believe at least 10% of them are true heat fans  clips only have Darrell
42Wolverine21::who your team lil boy?
42Wolverine21::whats with all the secrecy?who is it
Chuck Taylor.::a team Ive rooted for longer than you have been alive
IsaiahFrancis::3 pt shooting, a good front court, and defense  lebron and wade can win with this recipe...i don't see them winning without it  (bosh + anthony do not equal a good front court)
IsaiahFrancis::i firmly believe that a front court makes or breaks a team in the playoffs. the heat lost because they didn't have the front court to match up with the mavs. i don't see them matching the knicks, most teams from the west, or the bulls as far as front court goes  they will beat some of these teams, but i don't think they could survive all of them
stone419::its not a bad front court, though i think the knicks have a better one
42Wolverine21::youn mon my man wat goin on in your neck a the woods?
22Young Money::man my son just ran outta the house wit the toilet paper again
42Wolverine21::wahaaa!!!!! man u crack me up
22Young Money::yeah man gah lee i gotta poo
42Wolverine21::gosh dang kids, well u still bankin it down in miami?
Purple Drank 631::LMAO There is a Clippers fan in here? Damn didn't even know they existed, Laker bandwagon must have got too big and someone fell out and decided to become a Clippers fan.
clippsallday::Actually been liking the Clippers since 03. The first nba game i watched was the clippers nd the spurs. so why you on some false $@%!
flyingiron2463::who's darius miles then? don't you google or youtube!!
brandonlee561heat2::<sup>Neat</sup>
clippsallday::Haha thats funny becaucse iliked the clippers longer than u liked the heat (soon as lebron came to the heat) u bumb hater.
flyingiron2463::I can tell by the MGM 305 haha Miami as fack
mgm305::Heat fan since '99 and I'm 19 but then again born and raised in Miami
brandonlee561heat2::Ok, think what you want.. Im sure you were a Clips fan before CP3 wen there...
brandonlee561heat2::They sold out quicker than Chauncey Billups
stone419::wow, i thought i was the only one who didnt love biillups like everyone else
bsh6478::RicoSuave925 says Kobe has a "killer instinct unlike LeChoke." well, I'm not sure who "LeChoke" is, but "LeBron has a better "instinct" than both of them.  http://chasing23.com/kobe-bryant-vs-lebron-james-game-winning-shots/  FACTS
jakimeadoodle::I must have missed the three games in a row last season that Lebron missed the last minute shots...or his turtle act against Boston and Dallas, because this blog of facts didn't count them...
jakimeadoodle::Really? A Blog is fact now? Did you not watch the Finals last year? Or the Boston series the year before?
jakimeadoodle::the "Facts" which show Lebron has tried a total of three game winning shots in the last four years? C'mon man...You can find something on the internet that agrees with your opinion, no matter how dumb or ridiculous
Chuck Taylor.::blogs are opinions and opinions arent facts
bsh6478::no, a blog is not a "fact", but the FACTS on the blog are FACTS. check them out.
RicoSuave925::for example did you watch the All-Star game? Kobe embarrased him on National Tv..What the hell are you thinking shoot the ball dont be a p.us.s.y if he had the killer instinct he would of shot it
mgm305::An EXHIBITION game for that matter so theres really no point
RicoSuave925::one game? lol your delusional....more than one game
bsh6478::ONE GAME!?!
22Young Money::Chuck Taylor. bein racist man cha please
dplunk18::just keep real and keep it clean
Chuck Taylor.::please explain
BearJWS::Excuse me, I speak Jive.... He said "I am uneducated &amp; don't know what I'm talking about, so I must be a Heat fan."
Chuck Taylor.::please explain
matheus1989::u are a racist what dont you get
Chuck Taylor.::I can tell English is not your 1st language
22Young Money::u be all up in the cuz u aint be the $$$$$ like me
RicoSuave925::When Lebron's was with the Cavaliers Heat fans were saying he's overrated and now that he's with Miami hes like God to them lol
clippsallday::So true a iknow a couple people that did that.
IsaiahFrancis::or heat fans now were cavs fans 2 years ago
brandonlee561heat2::Not "God", just the best player in the league.
RicoSuave925::He's the best player in the league for regular season not playoff where he choke...
sokal-surf::"Clippers fans are such bandwagoners.  They didn't even exist two years ago."  -- Miami Heat Fan --
clippsallday::became*
clippsallday::Existed before u came a miami/Lebron fan. Actually like the clipps before the marko jaric days nd yess thats before the brand nd maggette days.
Chuck Taylor.::Theres a lot of bandwagon yuppies in this muthafu.ka
MEDCOM-Soldier::You’re right, a lot of people on the two year running hate Lebron James and the Miami Heat Bandwagon. Why are you here by the way?
MEDCOM-Soldier::You’re right, a lot of people on the two year running hate Lebron James and the Miami Heat Bandwagon. Why are you here by the way?
brandonlee561heat2::You will be one by the end of this year.
Chuck Taylor.::I would love my own comments if there was an option for it
42Wolverine21::stop likin ur own comments chuckie boy
Chuck Taylor.::only been a fan of one team my entire life. Must be hard to believe in this bandwagon era
42Wolverine21::get outta here chuck
42Wolverine21::we don need yo peeps stinkin up this board take a walk lil boy
Chuck Taylor.::you mad fat boy?
Tyson Chandler The Beast::it is a mia board, so...
