Swimbikeron::Kobe has to realize it is like the Shaq days, defer to the better players on your team or you're not going anywhere.
Paul96857::I know but what if they have this arsenal. Then we will see the true meaning of Indiana basketball. http://bit.ly/HqPgmP
Soul Sector JF::The good news is that ever since they got rid of Javale McGee and Nick Young, this team has shown a lot of upside.  Now they just need to get rid of Blatche, bring in more veterans and this team should be decent.
kozanski2000::Just keep losing Wiz, the only important thing now is not to drop below third pick in the draft (yes I know there is a lottery, but if they have the second worst record then they have insurance for one team jumping up). Kidd-Gilchrist, come on down. Will see a big difference in Wall when he actually has someone to pass to.
JohnnyDribbles::It's too bad Jordan Crawford is on the Wiz. He's highly underrated. No one notices what he does because the Wizards are so bad. I love the Wizards and a bunch of the players but they are just plain bad. They don't like defense that's for sure.
kozanski2000::Which is why they need to keep losing to get Kidd-Gilchrist.
bagofmoney_30::https://twitpic.com/show/iphone/8v1wqn
WhiteChiliWhiteChili::Thanks wizards, you guys are always good for a pick-me-up.
bagofmoney_30::https://twitpic.com/show/iphone/8v1wqn
tizi6969::Lack of assists from whole team...shows why they're losing
KerryKaar::I've been following a sports betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. I have made over 3K a month now for the last 2 months just following this system. Thought I would post this for anyone that's looking for a betting system that actually works
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Games over. Thanks for stopping by.
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Attendance: 11,505. Why so low? My Dallas Stars average more fans per game than the Pacers do. The Pacers are pretty solid too.
GreyHound914::^ What Mack said. Worst fairweather fans out there.
mackfactor::Indy fans are incredibly fairweather. I'm an out of town Colts fan, and you should have seen how ticket prices plummeted not only last year (understandable) but the year before when the Colts *only* went 10-6. Over 13% of season ticket holders didn't renew this year. This is the first year in awhile that the Pacers have been competitive, and everyone knows they're not a championship caliber team. So Indy fans don't show up. It's kind of sad.
redbloof1234::or maybe we were playing the worst team in the league? Who wants to go to that. We have full house against the big teams
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::because they have big name players...
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::they have no big name player. there is your problem. i hate to say that, but its true
KyrieBro::WOOO HOOO GO PACERS
Sparty_2013::John Wall!!! YOU ARE KILLING MY FANTASY TEAM!!!!!!!!!!!!
Anti-Stratfordian::I was just about to type that same thing.
gmhoops1303::anyone here interested in winning 2,000 dollars in fantasy. i am retired and have plenty of cash. trying to promote a competitive fantasy environment without you guys having to pay to play. join "Major League Fantasy Baseball 12" to play.
bagofmoney_30::https://twitpic.com/show/iphone/8v1wqn
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::pacers are going to win more in a shorter season than they have in like the past 5 years in a regular 82 game season haha i love it
bagofmoney_30::JOHN WALL 13 PTS 2 REBS 2 ASSTS 5 TO THIS DUDE IS OVEERATED
kozanski2000::Wait till Kidd-Gilchrist joins him. Will have at least one player to take some heat off him.
tizi6969::Once he gets a coach, and a decent roster around him...he will be fine....Derek Rose no.....but a top 10 NBA PG
bagofmoney_30::I SEE HIM PLAY NO CLUTCH GENE NO SHOT NOT A GOOD FREE THROW SHOOTER, NICE SPEED AND DUNKING ABILITY. KYRIE IRVING IS BETTER THEN HIM
IUPeter72::I tend to agree with you. But in fairness to Wall, he has had two coaches and a whole roster turnover. It's a terrible team and a terrible organization. He needs good wing scorers to succeed and he doesn't have them yet. I wouldn't write him off yet. But D-Rose, he is not.
Bruce lees fist::Nice logic basing it off one game. You know you would love to have John on your team. He's averaging 17 pts 8 assists AND 5 bounds as a second year player with no talent around him.
The. North. Star. State.::Am I the only person that realizes John Wall puts up better numbers than Kyrie Irving while playing for a much crappier team? I bring this up because that Thunder article about tanking the season for draft picks lists Irving as a franchise player but not Wall. This make sense to anyone else?
daisukematsuzaka1818::john wall has a song. kyrie irving does not. john wall is not underrated.
sfninergiant510::lol the cavs are not much better talent wise
Bruce lees fist::John Wall is underrated. Just wait until we get Davis/MKG for him next year.
busasports::buy the lephone, only vibrates no ring http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/p/best-nba-meme...
rickyoil::colts =pacers =hoosiers lol
Taco with a Q::I was thinking the same thing too....Colts have won a title in the past 5 years and the Hoosiers are a 5 time national champs...soooooo not sure about that either
WhiteChiliWhiteChili::not to mention that they just made a sweet 16 berth, and were only stopped by arguably the best college bball team in the last 5 years.
nblucas97::Not sure if trying to make an insult?
USMC3121::How come everybody can blow out Wash except the Pacers this team is so dam inconsistant!
Taco with a Q::Pacers did better than the Thunder and Lakers against the Wiz....they both lost against them
Taco with a Q::30 wins baby!!!!
Robdee999::Good Game Pacers. See my fellow Pacers fan at the next game. See you gamblers on the side of the road collecting cans. Peace and Love...
Taco with a Q::Your one of two things 1. A pure hater 2. A total $@%!$@
Taco with a Q::RE TAR D
rickyoil::AND ALOT OF GAMBLERS WON BECAUSE YOUR PACERS BLOW
rickyoil::LMAO @ GOOD GAME OK YOU DONT WATCH BBALL MUCH?
Taco with a Q::amen to that!!!  Pacers are only getting better too...I didnt even expect to play this well...
Robdee999::That's okay I know you're mad. It's okay I don't care. Pacer win tonight that's what matters right now. lol you're a silly person
rickyoil::YOU FOOL DONT THINK INDY WILL WIN A championship
Robdee999::They got the W that's all that matters like I told the other guy you can struggle winning the championship but that doesn't make you less of a champ. So EAD goodnight.
roy hibbert goodest kisser::hey barkeep; the next round of kisses is on me!!! goodnight and enjoy!!!
Omar Jenkins 3.0::APPARENTLY UK CAN BEAT WASHINGTON.  POSSIBLY.
WhiteChiliWhiteChili::UK would get stomped into the next century by any NBA team.  Don't be a fool.  Hell, the wizards already start their best player over the last decade.
YanksWS96::Under!!!!
McKenzi2801::gameeeeeeeeeeethank god
Robdee999::Pacers win where are the haters at ??????
edensorpark::HORNETS MONEY LINE - FREE MONEY
edensorpark::all the scientoligists are on hornets
McKenzi2801::yes  he made it
BetAholic32::Dwayne Wade is playing like garbage tonight
edensorpark::hornets ml
McKenzi2801::o no
dcodner::How can you suck at defense so bad and yet it is a low scoring game?  Strange.
Taco with a Q::Its called trolls with the IQ of -5
Im_a_FaG__::wizards needed a 3 there
PIDI9093::pacers blow
Taco with a Q::your mom blows me
Taco with a Q::Thank god I misunderstood his mom with someone else....cause their mom could suck a mean dick
Robdee999::Taco with a Q - your mom blows me  His mom is a man you don't want that.
Taco with a Q::I love how everyone is on the Pacers losing to the Nets last night.....Did you trolls forget the Nets beat the Bulls at the United Center??????  Suck it haters
Taco with a Q::Pacers have won @ Bulls, Celtics, Mavs, Lakers as well
Robdee999::They forgot the Pacers beat the Heat by 15 also.
McKenzi2801::who like okc tonite
McKenzi2801::ok im going with la
BetAholic32::Lakers at home... Kobe with something to prove lately... idk man
Dirtybearcub::NOT DONE YET ;)
foolimug64::Kentucky &gt; Washington Wizards LOL
woodyattjon::True....JohnWall asked to play for Kentucky again.....he was told Kentucky didn't need him
surfzone365::Kentucky 81 Wizards 73
woodyattjon::Wizards need victory----to hit 12 win mark!
McKenzi2801::nice underrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr yea!!!!
edensorpark::hornets will beat blazers.    put your life savings on it
edensorpark::ill see yous in the chat to rub it in when hornets win.
edensorpark::scientology told me
BetAholic32::Hornets? you high right now?
rickyoil::BLAZERS IT IS THANKS
roy hibbert goodest kisser::done and done
damon0614::pSyco t will foul on a 3 pointer then have that dumb $@% look on his pasty face
notabanana100::even if it does go into ot there is a possibility for hte under still LOL
rickyoil::lmao @ swami30 the LOCKMASTER
notabanana100::i am the keymaster =]
roy hibbert goodest kisser::watching the wiz tank again has really made me re-evaluate my life... i think im gonna call my mom
BetAholic32::game over... final 92 - 87
edensorpark::CHOKEFORD
Dirtybearcub::God we can't do anything
swami30::OT BABY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
rickyoil::loser
notabanana100::not happening u shi.tty
Im_a_FaG__::did he really miss that ft?
