Scott Crow::Josh Smith 0-4 from 3 point range.  Thank you Danny Ferry. Sincerely, ATL
Geoff Starling::Pistons played awful on O and Atl definitely got the homer whistles the entire 2nd half. I dont like Smith too much at SF, think there's plenty of time for him at PF. But over all he's been helpful this year. I'm glad to have him despite the bad game.  Brandon Jennings is the guy that has absolutely derailed the PIstons single handidly. I didnt realize how bad he was. He cant do anything in the half court, literally nothing. He cant even get a shot off, he certainly cant score at the basket. His assists and buckets are all hero stuff when the game gets ragtag. I'm not responding to this game, its been every game. The pistons have been great on O without Jennings, horrible with him. They're 5th in O efficiency without him, 29th with him on the floor. And Offense is the strong part of his game!!! He gets destroyed on D like I've never seen. Wiped out by any semblance of a screen. Cheeks has to sit Jennings.
Scott Crow::Geoff Starling Listen, I love Josh Smith and have rooted for him forever in Atlanta.  But his decision making on the court by jacking up 3's in a game where he should be driving and in the paint is what bugged Atlanta fans for years.  He sure is fun to watch on certain nights though and you want to rip your hair out on others.
Geoff Starling::Scott Crow Yeah, but I dont think he'll eventually be as much of a go to guy here in Detroit. Monroe was awful tonight too. But he and Drummond are very good scorers and Smith will play a lot of PF off the ball once Datome, KCP get more acclimated. The long 2's he's shot a lot less this year. I've noticed if he doesnt take a dribble his 3pt shot is okay. He was clearly off his game tonight back at home. I'm not disagreeing with you, I just dont think it will hurt us as often as it did Atlanta. The good parts of his game make him a plus player so far. That is, he helps us win more nights than not.
Mike Pamfilis::Josh Smith is still mr. Brick
Tim Hurst::Lol @ Josh Smith
Paul Voelz::LOL @ Hawks
Matt Roberts::Paul Voelz who has the better record so far?
Scott Coval::Matt Roberts Who is gonna have the better record at the end of the season is what matters. I don't know why you are making fun of Smith he is having one hell of a season. All the Hawks have is the ultra slow & boring Al Horford. Teague is nice but he wont ever make an all star team
Jesse Alan::My Bold Prediction: Josh Smith Fills Up The Stat Sheet Against His Old Team, And Flirts With A Triple Double, Drummond Extends His Double Double Streak To 6, KCP Gets Some More Time At SG And Scores Atleast 15 Points, Moose Scores Atleast 20 Points, But Doesnt Quite Get The Double Double, But Dishes Out 5 Assists, Pistons Win In A Close Game.
Jesse Alan::Came REALLY Close To My Prediction Last Night, But Drummond Didnt Get 20 Rebounds.
Tim Hurst::Nnnnnnope.  He'll stand behind the 3, and shoot 4-18, 6RBs, 1 dime.
Jesse Alan::Tim Hurst  - Smith Has Taken Some Questionable Shots, But Since His Benching, He Has Changed Drastically.
Mark Pringle::Josh Smith 14 mil. Paul Milsap 9.5 mil  I think we won that one.  Go hawks!
Cory Nope::Smith isnt playing the same position. Trade Monroe for a shooter and keep Smith in the post- story completely changes.
Cornelius Cornell Grimes::Pistons still can not play defense.  See how short handed NY game was.  They need to start communicating with each on the defense end of the court from all side.  With their size, speed and guard play, piston can compete for the championship.  Its not all about scoring, it about holding the other teams to lesser point.  That should be the piston identity.
Paul Voelz::You don't think they know that? they're working on their D right now. It's not something that happens over night. It takes a lot of work to build good chemistry on defense. It's still early and they're getting better. It's not like that started the season with the intent to just score the ball like the Clippers or anything. They're a defensive team, that's how they were built, and it'll take some time to get it right.
Jake Sain::Paul Voelz i agree man. if you look closely you can even see little improvements that have already been made
Cornelius Cornell Grimes::Jake Sain what improvement.  Are both of you watching this game.  Atl is making it easy buy shooting 18 plus footer.
Cornelius Cornell Grimes::yes defense can be over night, staying focus on the task at hand.  Pointing, yelling, and whoever is end the paint and side to side, need to be yelling what the offense is doing like cutter and pick.  You learn that pal league at the age of 7.
Mark Pringle::Where are all of those piston fans that said they had passed the Hawks in the Eastern Conference? Oh, Josh just shot another 3...
Jake Pool::Holy $hit bricklayers convention
Brian Jones::same old Josh Smith
Jake Gibbs::Brian Jones Thank god for that.  LOVE Josh Smith.
Mark Pringle::smh...Josh...
Tony Ellis::The Pistons are flawed. They have a lot of talented players - the problem is, Jennings, Smith, and Monroe have a propensity to put up bad shot after bad shot. Defensively, however, they are good - it's just likely that one or more of those three players will shoot them out of too many games. Also, I'm absolutely shocked that teams aren't playing Hack-a-Drummond, considering he is shooting 17% from the line. KCP also seems to have a questionable shot selection.
Jack McKinnley::we are god awful defensively
Cory Nope::Orlando will be wanting to move Afflalo soon to make room for Oladipo- he shoots a high % 3pt'er. Same with Klay Thompson- Golden State has already paid Curry, Iggy, Lee and has to make room for Harrison Barnes......   The Pistons need to move Monroe now before they get nothing or overpay to continue this failed experiment. Smith immediately becomes efficient once Monroe is out of the picture and he moves to the 4.
Allen Greene::Monroe is decent The Pistons need shooting bad. That's a huge flaw they got no 3 point shooting. and Mr Big Shot doesnt  have it like he did 7 or 8 years ago.
Cornelius Cornell Grimes::These expert analyst on NBA, FOX and ESPN is all wrong.  Like I said "the Detroit Piston need to pound the ball inside 80% of the time'. People think the clog middle on offense is not their strength.  It is their strength, I wish they will wake up and play  Detroit Basketball.  They just don't have the shooter to be putting all those jump shot.
Georgia Boy Tee::I think Millsap's been playing hurt all season. He went through a 3 game stretch of 15, 15 and 16 FG attempts, scoring 25, 29 and 18 points in those games. Since then, he came out of no where only attempting 7-9 shots a game and played under 30 mins Vs. Charlotte and Philly. Let the guy get fully healthy. We saw how good he can be at full strength
Rob Ball::13,167 out of 18,118.  If you aren't selling out in the NBA you're in sad shape.  Atlanta Hawks, drop the blue.  Go back to Red and yellow, maybe a little black trim.  Changing the color scheme has been a curse to the franchise.
Micah Crutchfield::AAAY. Give Josh Smith his credit. I promise you, we would have not made the playoffs without this guy plenty of times. Smoove it was a good ride and i was cheering for you during the game. Wish you could have gone 25 and 10. Im proud of u
Allen Greene::Greg Monroe only 7 points on 8 shots? and Josh Smith cant shoot at all and Jennings isn't a good shooter either. The Pistons should have got some shooting in the offseason.
Cory Nope::Does it piss you off seeing Aaron Afflalo do EXACTLY what the Pistons need, in Orlando- for $1 mil less than Stuckey? THAT was Dumars worst move.
Geoff Starling::Monroe got an incredibly bad whistle tonight. He could send this one in to the league. Its not the body bumping stuff or arms stuff, there were several ugly hard fouls not called, and about 5 times Atlanta knocked the ball out of bounds or whacked Monroes arm into the ball and they gave it to Atlanta. Supposedly there's replay, but my replay shows I'm correct. Also a shotclock violation where Pistons had a drummond stick back and the ball clearly hit the rim. It was just a poorly reffed game in the 2nd half and hte Pistons took the brunt of it.
Allen Greene::Yeah it was poor tonight but Jennings and Smith had horrible games shooting
Reeves Cox::Let's go HAWKS! Beat the Pistons! This should be a very interesting night. The return of J-Smoove. I hope Josh goes off for about 30, but the HAWKS still win. I'm not a Smoove hater and I won't ever be one.
Keith Bowers::Siva...6 minutes, 2 steals, an assist, and a board. Might not score much, but neither will the opposing PG. He needs more minutes!
Cory Nope::Pistons should have tried to trade Monroe for Thompson when Monroe was hot to start the season.
Georgia Boy Tee::Welcome home Josh! Come on man, I know you've got another 5-16, 1-5 game left in you for ol' times sake!
Ethan Fitzgerald::Kentavious Caldwell-Pope is awwwwwful. .31 percent from 3's? Weak.
Cory Nope::Josh "Mr. Brickshot" Smith and Brandon "Chuck" Jennings.... smh
Greg Else::I have a wish....Catavious Caldwell-Pope turns into rain man.
Shaun Mitts::Detroit is pathetic. 2004 lma0  - Typical Matt Washburn post
