greenmiamicat::Hopefully Portland trades LA to a real team.
Calioyo::blazers, must, fire, coach, plase, teribl.
Ihatebandwagons::I should move to Indianapolis because I could easily see good basketball every night for probably real cheap. Can someone explain to me what has happened to that fan base. The Pacers are good... But they can only get a little over 10 thousand in there... WHAT? I get it might be a smaller arena but wow come on guys. This board has proved something though... Laker fans really hate Portland.
PacTenJunkie::L. Amundson... sadly, we could use a guy like that right now haha
PacTenJunkie::Portland... out-rebounded by 12 and only racked up 14 team fouls. NO DUNKS for Portland tonight. No one doing sh*t out there. Nate needs to play Nolan Smith. He looks like a f*cking veteran out there. This is the same kid who spent four years tearing sh*t up at Duke AND outperformed K. Irving. Granted, Irving was only a freshman, and he dealt with injuries... but Smith has game!   ZERO effort, ZERO passion, ZERO accountability. Come on Nate, get your sh*t together, and make some decisions. Until that happens, I'll keep hatin.
BlazerSully::When is the last time anyone has seen a 1 to 3 assist to turnover ratio?  This team has absolutely quit.
58rhodes::Fire McMillan
t2jax::sigh... i have to agree... this team is majorly underachieving, and getting blown out while doing it.  Lou Amundson?  Really, Portland?  sigh
crazycucker2::thunder denied ibaka and harden for howard.... that would have been a crazy good team http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
Kjames1986::Die hard fans.. Die hard! GO PORTLAND!
58rhodes::Blazers suck
RIPNBA2011::How the hell did the Blazers get only 5 assists?
Tru3Blu308::wow yea Lamarcus is a true allstar got 21 poured on him by Lou Amundson! LOL
58rhodes::Aldridge is a whimpy 5 yr old
Kobelies247::R.I.P CITY!!!!!
NBA_refs_are_weak::wow look at those numbers....31%? what in the world..
pen15enator::disenfranchised team. they are a wounded puppy. this type of adversity builds playoff contenders though. if they can get their heads back into theres no reason this lineup shouldn't be able to make the playoffs. A lot of teams are suffering the same type of losing streak. Denver did
t2jax::that's a big if...
58rhodes::Blazers suc
Kobelies247::Blazers = Laughing stock of the NBA!  SELL THIS PATHETIC TEAM AND JUST END IT!!!
esco7277::Where are those pathetic Failblazer fans now! , when they where 12-2 or something they hung out on here like it was a night club. Now they are hiding because there are truly hot garbage!    Sign KOBE BYNUM GASOL = The real big three
Kobelies247::Sign any player in the world you want for this team...Guess what?  ITS STILL THE BLAZERS!!!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
pen15enator::Uhhh ya. Lakers sure are scary, not.
esco7277::Baby pamper full of green beans and gatorade &gt; Portland Trailblazers   Go Lakers!
manymarks::blazers = pathetic coach = pathetic owner = pathetic fire em all
pen15enator::Onion news reports that Paul Allen has fired himself as owner, stating that his "Alter Ego, Dr. Awesome McWinningsworth is more capable for the job"
youngndumb7::All these fans and media here in Portland were all so pissed at this team during the "Jail Blazer" era.  But I still wore my Rasheed Wallace jerseys proudly.  He had a will to win, played excellent post defense, and in the mean time got called for technical fouls, because he wanted to win.  Who fukking cares if he and Damon Stoudemire wanted to smoke weed on I-5 on the way home from a Sonics game?!?!?  I sure as hell didn't because I just watched them play their hearts out and take their team to the playoffs.  I want players who want to win, back in Blazer uniforms; even if we have to grow weed in a back room at the Rose Garden.  I miss the Jailblazer days....(except Rueben Patterson, he was a woman beater...and Zach Randolph broke Rueben's eye socket when he  punched him in the face anyway, during practice, so it all worked out)
asian_balla::amundson?  What da hell, 21 and 8??  wow, watch your back roy "fat albert" hibbert.
vince linsanity::aldridge got out of played by lou freaking amundson, i think i've seen it all now.......   http://tiny.cc/3oz4aw
roymullins::Sub.500Portland... stick a fork in 'em...
3arod13::Damn you Greg Oden. We've needed you the last 300+ games...
KingGeorge53::Pacers on a roll!     Best wishes to your team
Person 45::why did granger play so little minutes
TheJTram::needed rest
TheJTram::needed rest
bigwyn::luis amundson???
sygroff11::FOR MVP!!!
Taco with a Q::Led all scorers...who knew?
WIkalikalou::It's still that goaltending call, eh Portland?
sygroff11::It's is. Freakin Scott Foster
Watspoppin99::LOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU!
Taco with a Q::DG- 17 min West - 27 min DC- 24 min  Hibs - 24 min PG -21 min  Nice to see our starters rest and get ready for Philly tomorrow on ESPN
dexter pittman ate me::wtf why would they trade their best player for an injury prone stff
Robdee999::Good win Pacers...On to the next one.
dexter pittman ate me::HOLY CRAP MONTA ELLIS TRADED TO THE BUCKS &gt;&gt; http://tiny.cc/c5x4aw
Rip_City27::seent it.. crazy
scante31::Way to play PDX. Lol, remember when you beat the Lakers and were the #2 seed talking about going to the finals? Fun days....
NBAsuxthebig1::portland is a disgrace
BCfans2::1 Trailblazer in double figures. 5 for the winning team
Man Utd Squad::Maybe Lou boosted his status high enough for the Heat to trade for him as their starting center
Man Utd Squad::Yep. It's a joke dude.
Rip_City27::o
Rip_City27::ha because he got a career high of 21??
Jason1973h::Cheerio Nate...
Derrick Williams.........ROY::Ty Pacers for beating the Blazers. -Wolves Fan
ragcity2012::POR players are doing their best to keep this team together.   Nobody wants to make a deal for these guys playing like this
Derrick Williams.........ROY::Great game PAcers
cmeese47::Here is the problem with Portland. Nate McMillan. For a defensive coach he has not done a good job on that side of the field. Portland is one of the least physical teams in the NBA. They are also one of the worst rotating teams in the NBA.   LA is a good scorer but he needs to toughen up. He should be getting 10 reb a game. He also needs to stop fading away every shot take the contact and make your free throws.
Pintz11::LITTLE DKKH NATE IS NOT OUT THERE BOXING OUT.. U GOT GROWN $@% BTCHZ ON THE COURT.. STF U .. PLAYERS PLAY
tommac923::i feel like no one boxes out for portland. they always give up offensive rebounds to everyone
dexter pittman ate me::can a portland fan please enlighten me as to why they're so awful now?   http://tiny.cc/c5x4aw
tommac923::i wish the blazers were as good as they are when i play with them in nba 2k12
Man Utd Squad::Yeah Foster's hitting 3's when play. haha
Taco with a Q::As a die hard Pacers fan,,I know the Blazers are a better team than this.
NBAsuxthebig1::No they are not, this team is that bad!
Strong Troll Orthenthald::How you like getting worked in the paint bud
NBAsuxthebig1::portland is by far the worst team in all of basketball.
2ndStringCoach::Dominoes are already falling! Trade frenzy is starting. McMillan is fired soon! Kaman to heat. Blazers shipping Jamal! Hope we keep felton. He's young he'll bounce back.
Man Utd Squad::I hope the Pacers don't trade to get Crawford. He's not worth what the blazers are asking for.
tommac923::keep felton. are you serious? dudes fat and out of shape and makes terrible decisions.
2ndStringCoach::Not his fault stern is a terrible commish. He's better than he's playing
DavidSternIsAFrootloop::what in the world is going on portland
cmeese47::Portland is completely soft. We need some bangers on this team.
Man Utd Squad::I heard Greg Oden's pretty good.
cmeese47::This draft has some good big men.
amiller244::We need a center who's not over the hill and can actually score.
Taco with a Q::Pacers are so well balanced its unreal!
WISH I HAD A DOLLAR FOR EVERY RUBIO DIME::MEOW  BLAZERS SUCK
