Alvin Dewayne Johnson::Yeah the SIXERS are growing up 2 be a PLAYOFF TEAM but they are not ready for the Dallas Mavericks right now maybe when Dirk Nowitski retire
Cian O'Dwyer::Wow first up. Well i would like to say that im so proud of Brett Brown and his 76ers. Brett Brown spent alot of time in Australia and coached my hometown team the Sydney Kings. He is a great coach and a good man and i hope he succeeds and he will. He brings heart and passion to his teams something often lacking in pro sports.  As for this game....bad luck Brett the Mavs are going to pummel you in this one. Especially from the outside where they are very strong and where you by your own admission are defensively weak. 115-78.
Adam Pfeiffer::Shane Larkin making his season debut! Let's see what we got.
Tom Fraser::Don't see the logic behind starting Crowder over Dalembert
Pavel Knutsen::Agree. It's weird.
Elliot T. Blanton::Trade him for Asik?
Matthew Solka::Lets Go Mavs!! BTHO Sixers!! #MFFL
Jazmine Ortiz::back to reality?
Pratik Dash::Does Monta Ellis know that he has one of the greatest 4th quarter, clutch players of all time with him in Dirk Nowitzki? It seems like he forgets a lot....
John R Barker::I've never gotten the impression Monta thinks.
Sina Soheili::Philly battled but good win by the Mavs. Its time to prove to the Rockets why they are still the 3rd best team in Texas on Wednesday!!!
John R Barker::MCW is making me a Sixer fan.  I keep checking the box scores to see how he's doing.  Great pick Sixers.  Add a healthy Noel to the mix and you guys have a future.
Clinton Kelley::Cannot wait until Harris and Wright return. Let's hope no one else gets hurt before then and the Mavs can be at full strength.
Mike Wagener::Another coach Pop disciple beating the Mavericks....
Chris Bates::and yet the Mavs STILL won.
Mike Wagener::Chris, true....barely.
Shane McKenna::I feel like this game has the most overtime potential on the evening
Aaron Lampkin::Keep Makel on the bench. Larkin is better than him by a mile
Pavel Knutsen::Kinda feel the same way.
Aaron Lampkin::Pavel Knutsen Can't be Kinda you know its 100% lol
Mark Wurden::Didn't see the game...but 3 steals and 3 assists in 9 minutes?!   Sounds pretty good.  Makel started off playing REALLY well, but seems to have tapered off the last few games.  But only so many minutes to go around...and that will just worse when Harris returns too.  Makel will be odd man out.
Guy Mann::Ellis needs to get his butt in gear.  1 FGA in 12 minutes?
Amir Shirazi::Not a mavs fab,but don't sleep on them
Amir Shirazi::Fan
Tony Ellis::Sixers need MCW back in the worst way.
Yinan Chen::not if they are tanking for Wiggins
Tony Ellis::Yinan Chen They are too good to finish with that bad of a record, with or without MCW. This team has 36-46 written all over it. Turner and Hawes both look to have taken the next step. Unless Turner, Hawes, and Young are traded, the Sixers are not going to be that bad. Neither is Phoenix, for that matter.
Yinan Chen::I'm guessing Turner will be traded sooner or later.
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::philly.. underdog!
Shane McKenna::Under 216, easy money
Aaron Lampkin::Shane Larkin! The U!!
Julian Gutierrez::go sixers +13 points :)
Pavel Knutsen::Shane Larkin is fast
Pavel Knutsen::Actually hope they will play Larkin more than Mekel.
Pavel Knutsen::This is hard to watch
