tmoneyinmphs::Koufous is a goon.  He fouled zbo again.  All he does is lay his arms all over zbo.  That's a f'ing foul.
tmoneyinmphs::If faried was doing a moving screen every time they wouldn't call it.
tmoneyinmphs::f these refs....koufos was hanging on him like the lil B he is
dabruiser20::Nuggets suck so bad
Luncey612::Relative to?
jayeteee::The Grizzlies blowing?
dcyxc2004::<b><u>BEGINNING OF A NUGGETS WIN STREAK</u></b>
BRAY5150::Will fans of losing teams stop blaming the refs! And its not just you grizz fans its everyone. The refs are not out to get anybody, they don't have an agenda, they are human nobody is perfect. I seriously doubt they give a $@%! who wins or loses.
phattybumbum::I cannot wait for January and one of Denver's once (  or twice) a season 15 game win streaks.
nba is the worst::This was a classic example of the refs taking one team out of the game.  It would have been interesting to see if the Nuggets could have won it without the help
69durango::It took the Broncos 6 games or 37.5 % of the season to jell with all the changes. &nbsp;&nbsp; 37.5 % of 82 games is 30-31 games for the Nuggets. Be patient my friends. &nbsp;&nbsp; Also, many have mentioned the heavy road schedule which will of course reverse itself.  17 of first 23 ( 22 of 32) on the road, probably the worst ever.  18-14 would be great under all these circumstances.
Trivial Psychic::Not the worst ever, but the worst since the 85-86 Bulls.
Arbyrick::Good points. Denver will be a top tier team by season's end
dwade grater den jordan::m so drunks lol
Votto4mvp055045::mcgee is such a beast  nuff said
boss99347::remember when the grizz were the best team in the west?  ....me neither...
miketay19.::My bad. I clearly don't know the difference between their and they're...that is a fact...just look below. I clearly don't know the difference between your and you're. Just look below..it's a FACT that I'm an idiot. I also accused folks of ripping on Memphis when they clearly did not. It's tough being a moron. Sorry, guys.
Agent_Provoc::Ditz Otay. Deer gonge two say tings like dat. Wat wat!?
Griss13ears::Bottom line: the officiating was one sided in this game in favor of Denver. That's not the reason the Grizzlies lost. They shot terrible. If the game had been called fairly, then who knows? Doesn't matter though, the Grizz didn't make the shots that counted and Zach and Marc should have just stayed home.  Jus my 2 sense tho
the1brisisk::Only the Lakers, Celtics, and Spurs get favorable officiating in Denver.  Despite a good record this year,  Memphis is a few championships away away from getting friendly whistles on the road.
miketay19.::Sad that I don't know the difference between your and you're. It's a fact...just look at some of my threads below. Too much of royboy's semen has made my head weak.
sports guy12::I don't think Faried played in the 4th quarter, is that normal?
delastreet07::memphis is a big physical team with zo and gasol. faried is an undersized 4. karl sometimes will sit him under those circumstances.
jayeteee::Yes. He's an offensive liability and if he's not having a good night Karl sits him in close games. Plus I think Karl was going w/ the hot hands at the end anyway.
dwade grater den jordan::dwade grater den jordan &gt; do not touch my box of air
COWBOYS FAN 4 LYFE_2004::R U SERIOUS HOW CAN U EVAN LIKE THE GAINTS AND THE DOLPHINS
godsent224::i do.
miketay19::earl boykins &gt; dwade
- do not touch my box of air::hello
Air McNair 99::How is it going
dwade grater den jordan::Most pashonate/intense sports: 1.nba- "nuff said 2.nfl- so fun 2 watch, wear some pads tho, need more intensity 3.mlb- need more runner catcher cantact adn 50 year olds can play like moyer 4 lacroise- gainin my respect more and more 5. golf- i dnt no how 2 get a hole in 1, tiger is goat 6.nhl- way 2 many pads and fights suck, sissys if u ask me   just my 2 sense tho take it or leave it.
nba is the worst::* "2 cents"
RockyMountainWay1::oh yeah preach it !
jayeteee::7. Hope no hockey players read this.
sports guy12::way wrong on the NHL
Viktor Karelin::Go Mozgov!!!
Air McNair 99::Dwade do you do Ether?
dwade grater den jordan::who
RockyMountainWay1::lol
jayeteee::_________________________/\/\/\/\/\
Air McNair 99::It's a horse tranquilizer
jayeteee::Maybe you could talk him into doing it around a bonfire, McNair.
Air McNair 99::Hahaha, how dark of you
ecali20m::wow memphis u had it ....
pedrobear1::no
dwade grater den jordan::like if u luv my lists
jayeteee::One of the likes is mine, but only because I like to laugh.
koke357799::Dey are grate man
miketay19::i liked and then unliked biotchhhh
dwade grater den jordan::AFCs to watch 1. Manning can be GOATs 2. Tom Bradey is ultumate system QB and hes a bi.tch  3. Tennehall proves fluke and &gt; Luck 4. RG3 makes redskin 5. Arien Foster best rb in afcs  just my 2 sense tho urs?
jayeteee::3. doesn't make sense. 4. is funny 'cause it doesn't make sense either.
Air McNair 99::2 was funny thanks
koke357799::Tennehall &gt; Luck   I agree nice list
koke357799::dwade grater den jordan, you hit up club LIV tonight?
dwade grater den jordan::nahmy friends baield so now im just on espn drinkin gin n tonix lol im a looser tonite
jayeteee::Wut frends?
howdythere...::bombay sapphire ftw
koke357799::Lol wurd
petersoncooper::Broncos will win tis week baby!
eric-bledsoe-666::my  predictions  memphis  1st  round knock  out  from  playoffs
RZA_CONSOLE::javale may be the most physically gifted center in the nba  even better than you  deewight
jayeteee::Hopefully more durable.
jayeteee::McGee's minutes slowly increasing. That's a good thing.
dwade grater den jordan::my predicshuns:  1. minisota sneaks in playoffs and wins 1st rounds  2. 49s collapse wit kapernicks,, regret smith benching  3. denvier wins out.. reaches SB  4. Cam Newton end the slump 4MVP candate  5. p@s collapse and loose 1st round     just my 2 sense tho
RockyMountainWay1::&lt;3
jayeteee::How 'bout the apocalypse? Got any info on that, dwade?
Air McNair 99::Yeah let's hear the MLB predictions too
koke357799::How about MLB?
dwade grater den jordan::i have 2 look more into it 1st
eric-bledsoe-666::wack
Air McNair 99::I agree with 2
koke357799::My Supa Bowl Preduhtions  49ers vs da Broncos  Peytin Maning throws 3 tds and Broncos beet da 49ers 27-23
sly86921::What makes you think ravens will be in it? They can't stop anything and flacco looks horrible. The only chance was with hf advantage and they blew that. They might not even win their division
roy2daboy::Patriots or Ravens will in the AFC, not Denver.  49ers may make it, but I have a strange feeling that the Cowboys make actually win the NFC.  Sunday's game against the Steelers will determine their season as a turning point or a letdown.
petersoncooper::Rudy Gay is only shooting .418 on the year, that wll change eventually he on my fantasy squad
eric-bledsoe-666::clippers&gt;memphis
roy2daboy::Well the Grizz have another game on tomorrow night against the Jazz.  Get some rest and prep for that one.  I'm about to do the same (as well as prep for the Memphis-Louisville game on tomorrow).  I'm out
miketay19::lmao the time you actually took to write that means you have NO LIFE. didnt read it and don.t give a flyin $@%
miketay19.::..but I give a flying f.uck enough to write what I just wrote. Wow, I'm an idiot!
miketay19::$@%! i like memphis u wanna call me a dic.khead too? fuc.kface all u think about is semen u ho.mo fu.ck
carter4bears.::LOL!
miketay19.::My bad. I clearly don't know the difference between their and they're...that is a fact...just look above. I clearly don't know the difference between your and you're. Just look above..it's a FACT that I'm an idiot. I also accused folks of ripping on Memphis when they clearly did not. It's tough being a moron. Sorry, guys.
miketay19::obviously u right now 40 year old douch.e go find a job
carter4bears.::Him right now? When did he express hate for Memphis? When? You're a f'ng idiot, mike. Too much of roy's semen has made your head weak.
miketay19::their still mad they could have got oj mayo for ray allen. but passed that up lmao
miketay19.::You're right, carter. Simple English is not my strong suit.
carter4bears.::they're, idiot...they're. See how f'ng stupid you are?...LOL...
roy2daboy::I'm guessing that they want Tony Allen back so that's why they express their hate for Memphis????
MorningDew1969::Who expressed hate for Memphis, d.ickhead?
miketay19::he like the seminoles his imaginary team he cheers for because hes a $@%!
pedrobear1::Ignore these boston trolls they come here every time their crappy celtics get dusted
miketay19::biotch smd
miketay19::after u get mine out of yours, i can actually comprehend what your saying..
carter4bears.::you're, idiot. you're. F'ng moron.
miketay19::no i rep memphis u rep boston seminoles your ultimate madden team smd
Boston Seminole.::Get roy's d.ick out of your mouth and go to sleep.
miketay19::dew is 40 years old and has nothin better to do, boston seminole is his wife and carter4bears is dew's little biotch. true story i know these $@%!00ts. smd $@%! f.uck .fa.ce
MorningDew1969::Clearly he was responding to miketay's allegation..referencing carter and myself. See how f'ng stupid you are, roy?
roy2daboy::So if you never conversed with me, then why are you calling me an idiot?
Boston Seminole.::Um, I have never conversed with any of these folks before. roy is truly an idiot. Clearly it is YOU who is roy's little b.itch, c.ocksucker.
1grizzfan4life::GO MEMPHIS GRIZZLIES GO MEMPHIS TIGERS! MTOWN ALL DAY BABY!!!
roy2daboy::You mean three trolls and who in the hell are you????  I never recalled having a convo with you in the past.  Are you Dew's boo or something along those lines?
roy2daboy::How am I making a fool out of myself?  Sounds like you're the ones that needs to go to bed or get laid or drink your mother's breast milk or something along those lines.
MorningDew1969::^ What he said.
carter4bears.::Go to bed, a.sshole. You're making a fool out of yourself now.
roy2daboy::Thank you Mike.  Go fu.ck yourself Dew Breath!!!!!
Boston Seminole.::Looks like at least three people agree with him, a.sshole.
miketay19::roy u the man always respected, griz4life
Boston Seminole.::Dew is true.
MorningDew1969::No he's not. He's a f'ng idiot.
manimarf09::Good win for the Nuggets.
pedrobear1::Rudy isolating on the top of the key sums up the game. Hollins has been riding on Gay's talent; bailing out our predictable high low offense multiple times when the bigs couldn't get it going and Conley continues to play poorly. Not calling a timeout before Rudy turned it over was a horrible move.  Hollins showed tonight that he cannot execute in late game situations. And he nearly got away with it.  Good thing Speights and Wayne hit their first few shots or they would be back in the doghouse along with  Selby and Wroten
roy2daboy::Conley took a hard fall when we played the Pelicans.  Ever since that game, he hasn't been playing his normal game.
pedrobear1::hollins said twisted knee
miketay19::especially when it came from a spick..
gt1master_ike::I am still trying to figure out what is Conley's role in clutch situations? Is he is a spot up threat for threes or just an outlet if gay can not isolate
sly86921::He's shooting 41%. He doesn't usually hit his shot
pedrobear1::Gay is the cop out in late game situation. There is always several options but when things breakdown. Its basically a Rudy Iso. Typically hits his shot but just didn't fall tonight.
Air McNair 99::Besides this slump I've liked how Conley has played this year
pedrobear1::i agree Hollins claims he is hurting. So i really don't know
dwade grater den jordan::lol i didnt read its way 2 long
dwade grater den jordan::Perdicshuns for the Rest of NBA seson    1. howard has 2 get traided or LA looses 30-40 games, lol @ loss 2 cavs  2. NUGETS make turnaround, compeate 4 3rd in WC  3. knicks will go cold and be 5th seed in ec  4. DURENT becoming GOAT under wade and lbj   5. HEAT win all H games, win finals after sweep in ecf     just my 2 sense tho take it or leave it
Air McNair 99::Any NFL or MLB predictions
Air McNair 99::Alright
dwade grater den jordan::1 min
koke357799::No juan is goin 2 stop da Heat en da playofvs, just giv da title to da Heat alredy
dwade grater den jordan::true... nix r a joke!
roy2daboy::The Heat will stop the Heat and Spolestra is a tool of a coach.
Boston Seminole.::^ Idiot
X24theshowX::good win nuggets
Agent_Provoc::Rob Parker said this game wasn't black enough
gt1master_ike::Rob Parker got suspended, ? NOOOOOO
miketay19::legalize marijuana
Bmosheman2::Again?
Air McNair 99::Disappointing loss
dwade grater den jordan::wears by boi swaggerkid @ tonite?
RockyMountainWay1::WHAT?
Air McNair 99::Are you Heat poster?
Air McNair 99::Yup
dwade grater den jordan::i dnt no who he is? is dat his SN?
jayeteee::Memphis is a fine city, and Denver is a fine city.  Nuggets &gt; Grizzlies
jayeteee::Maimi? ownes?    American education system &gt; dwade grater den jordan
jayeteee::Why would I be mad? LOL BTW, Memphis beat Miami by 18 last time they played.
gt1master_ike::dude, you are a disgrace to Wade fans everywhere. Just stop man.
dwade grater den jordan::u mad jayetee?
gt1master_ike::Just had to get in that last part, didn't ya, hehehe.
gt1master_ike::;-)
jayeteee::IKE!!!!!!
dwade grater den jordan::2 bad maimi ownes both  ps ellway sux
pedrobear1::Memphis 3-1 against your lebron led heat try again
dwade grater den jordan::lol @ it bein a big deal LA beats worst team in NBA
koke357799::Yeah lol teld me whend dey bet a gud teem like da Heat or Thunder
csallstar11::lol at your spelling
dallasdavis24::I needed u grizz! $@%!!!!
broncsroxnuggs::shoulda took miami -6 1/2 lakers - 4 1/2 and nuggets to win a parlay.Thats what i did. Betting against the nuggets at home is stupid
RockyMountainWay1::lose money?
gt1master_ike::Ha, we got an internet tough guy
Latinofire20::It's funny how ESPN's first story on Sportscenter is the Lakers and not one of the 2 games they covered on their channel.
csallstar11::ya I noticed that, the headline read something like "Kobe leads Lakers to win in Washington." Its so sad that's even a story that just shows how terrible they are
csallstar11::Before you try to blame the refs maybe blame Gasol for letting Mcgee dominate him all night. Gasol was a non-factor
pedrobear1::Our frontcourt was made ineffective and Conley has played bad this week and Hollins is acting like Vinny del negro this week
JOEMEAT_::How Gasol lasts more than 10 minutes a game is beyond me..He fouls every minute
broncsroxnuggs::refs were bad on both sides. People just love their team and they are super bias.
