Nick Mullinix::Collision jacking up 3s with 14 left on the shot clock, then fouling... He's working for Vegas tonight
Sean Vann::losers.. Take a loss like a man.  Like the Celtics are the better team anyways.
Ken Ahl::Sean Vann How many Championships have the Clips won yet?
Greg Maxwell::The Clips have won several championships.  For other teams.
Dana Greer::Clippers are missing half their team and can still handle the Celtics
Joe Grisso::We're not going to catch you guys in the Pacific. It should be a good series if we're fifth and you're fourth, though.
Dana Greer::Joe Grisso you guys won ten straight and are only 1 back, we are feeling the heat
Joe Grisso::Dana Greer I hope we can catch up, but LA seems too talented not to win the Pacific. It should be a good finish.
James Belandres::is a guy really blaming the refs for a 14 pt blowout lolol
Jeff Fouquette::The refs need to start calling offensive fouls on Blake Griffin when he goes for a dunk and uses a arm to hold a defender down and push off on him. If it was anyone else it would be an offensive foul.
Matt Butkiewicz::EVERY TIME HE DUNKS WITH A GUY IN FRONT OF HIM HE THROWS DOWN A SWIM MOVE. I'm with you on this. Its not impressive at all if your allowed to foul the defender on the play.
Matthew Lemieux::thank god they don't get paid to "impress" you two
Matthew Lemieux::Alex Doub I would say thats incentive to become a better player
Steve Carman::lol dudley having one of his non DUD night!
Mike Bird Munger::Funny how the Celtics have been the team attacking the basket and are dominating inside while the Clippers have been chucking up threes all game yet "mysteriously" we have less FTA's and more fouls called against us.  LOL@ people who still think Stern hasn't had an anti-Celtics agenda since he became commish.
Danny Mac::take your tinfoil hat off weirdo.
Jason Aaron::jeff greene fouling deandre in the third quarter purposely and getting his 5th foul... great heads up coaching... i actually think he will be good (brad stevens) yet the celtics looked like knuckleheads... btw clippers bench are half of their starting 5...
Greg Maxwell::You can' t have 18 turnovers and expect to beat a good team.  Most of the turnovers are of the dumb, careless variety.   Crawford had 5.  If you think this guy is a point guard, you haven't been paying attention.  Maybe that is the point.  The natural tank job.
Mike Bird Munger::AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAND ANOTHER BULLCRAP CALL!!  BECAUSE FAKE GRIFFIN IS THE SOFTEST PF IN NBA HISTORY THEY'RE GONNA CALL THAT A FLAGRANT!?!?  GTFOH REFS!!!
Matthew Lemieux::if Blake is soft what does that make Humphries?
Mike Bird Munger::Just think....the C's would be up by AT LEAST 10 if the game was officiated remotely even.
Justin Taslak::sorry about humphries
Dustin David::Ima celtics fan.. but can we PLEASE stop blaming the refs. Even if you're right you can't change the outcome. And when people see someone say that, they just view them as excuses and someone being a whiny cry baby. We aren't heat fans now are we? :P
Mike Bird Munger::Dustin David The difference is the Heat GET CALLS that lead to them winning.  We DON'T GET CALLS that cost us wins.
Jody George Prats::I get my own poster? People must really like me!   --Kris Hunphries
Matt Butkiewicz::I know the Clips won and there were many dunks in the game.. But can you show ONE boston bucket espn? The game wasnt a blowout.
Jody George Prats::Maybe next time.
Tony Hartmann::Lost 6 in a row, 9 out of the last 10, and still have to play at GS and Portland. The Celtics are in free fall.
Ken Ahl::it's ok we are in the run for the top draft pick
Usc Josh::LAKER fans disagree!  They think they have a "right" to get one of the 1st 3 picks in the draft.
Barret Mielke::Yeah Crawford! I wish I had League Pass.
Daniel Trambopoline::firstrownow.eu
Daniel Trambopoline::Crash Wallace is a turnover machine
Eddie Jerome Herz::Will there be over 99.5 in the 2nd half?
James Belandres::No celtics CABT score enough
James Belandres::Can't wtf iPhone
Eddie Jerome Herz::I didn't take it, they're on pace though
Jody George Prats::What was Kris thinking?
Jody George Prats::Oh Kris, how could you?
Trent Conheady::1st
