Anderson Daniel::Let's go OKC! 24-5!
Steve Cain::Spurs fan here, sorry to hear of recent development of Westbrook.  He was looking strong, best wishes for a complete recovery.
Matt Boggus::Gotta give the Bobcats credit. They sure as hell aren't the same team from last year.
Steven Christian Shaw::Their defense is great this year.
Shaun Mitts::Steven Christian Shaw agreed
Michael Woodlee::westbrook is a big loss so don't judge them off this game
Shaun Mitts::I told u haters that KD will become in-efficient without Westbrook.  Westbrook is the leader, heart and soul
Michael Woodlee::stfu kid ur in highschool
Tung Nguyen::inefficient like 23mins, 20pts, 8rebs, 2ass, on 8-17 shooting??? gtfo of this board kiddo.
Alfonso Corral::man get out here he is having an average game for his standard
Steven Rivera::KD 20pts on 20 shots and counting
Rai Lara Costa::thats almost 29 for 29, huh?
Niragire Modeste::that's why dream to win MVP is on!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Steven Christian Shaw::And 5 assists...
Adam Youman::As if OKC needed the reminder as to how important he is to this team...his replacement is shooting 1-9 while durant is 3-10 and they only scored 21 points in the first quarter....he is so essential to this team's success
Steven Rivera::Westbrook gone watch Durant shooting % drop! Funny how things work when you have a solid scorer by your side. Melo haters take note and watch KD game for the next couple of weeks
Tung Nguyen::Do Not insult KD by putting Melo in the same sentence.
Steven Rivera::Tung Nguyen go take a bath
Adam Youman::Steven Rivera dude melo blows kd's d!ck get over it
Chris Nwanegwo::Bobcats all day Baby
Adam Youman::maybe tomorrow?
Chris Nwanegwo::Adam Youman haaha yeah today
Denniz Rodman::Chris Nwanegwo it shows that you're not a bandwagon fan. that's very good. 2 thumbs up.
David Zimmerman::At least the Thunder have Reggie Jackson doing one hell of a R Westbrook imitation by going 4-19 from the field. I think the Thunder still need another legitimate weapon to pair up with Durant. He still carries too much of the load on this team and you don't want WB shooting it 20+ times a game.
Mike Greenberg::I agree fully!!!! Even when healthy WestBRICK is a detriment to this team. I'm not saying give him up for nothing. He is a great athlete, but his ego gets in the way for TEAM basketball. FG% and assist to TO ratio sucks.
Adam Youman::dude are you serious? both of you are idiots. just look how much better the team plays when russell is on the floor. everyone shoots better because he gets them all open by attracting alot of attention. this makes it much MUCH easier for durant to get his shots. russell is probably just as important to the thunder's success as is durant. jesus learn the game
Beau Wildrix::Mike Greenberg If you think Westbrook is a detriment to the Thunder, then you are crazy. OKC is better off with Westbrook even if he goes 3-20.. He frees up everybody for easy open shots.
Stanley Foster::Lakers fan here.  I feel really bad for Westbrook- I hope this isn't a chronic thing, I wish all teams could play at full strength but injuries take you out.  The great leveler.
Brice Johnson::Hey, Thanks, hope that you guys can turn around your season. It doesn't feel right when the lakers aren't doing well.
Adam Youman::i dont get why you had to say "lakers fan here"
Trent Conheady::I like how people say that Charlotte are garbage, but they are hovering around the .500 mark, I know it's pretty average but can't we just be happy that they are finally resembling an nba team.
Matt Boggus::I agree. Charlotte is a much improved team from last year.
Brandon Tigues::Charlotte is much improved, anybody who thinks they're the same team from the previous years obviously haven't been watching them or paying attention, the fact that they won only 21 games last season and they've already won 15 this season...should tell anyone this team is much better than before.
Matalyhis Dunham::Dag I had my bet lined up at mvpbettingcasino.com and then they announced Westbrook is not playing. The thunder should be able to take care of the bobcats though
Yuto Hayasaka::Yeah, I already put my money down for OKC to win prior to the Westbrook announcement. They should still get the W off the back of KD, Ibaka and Jackson.
Mike Greenberg::Thunder don't need to have Durant play point forward. Jackson is a very capable PG. Brook's needs to reinforce that message.
Shawn Bento::I was shocked to see the Cats hung with the Thunder then I looked at the box score and saw Russ didn't play.
T.c. Brown::Right, because the Thunder with Westbrook can't be beat, by anybody and they blow every non-championship contender out the water every time they play one. Is this your logic?
Shawn Bento::Exactly.  Glad you could follow my logic!
Michael Smith::T.c. Brown They obviously have been beat bc no championships?
Tyler Tinsley::Tomorrows headline in the Charlotte Observer: "Streets run red with Bobcats blood."
Matt Beggs::The Bobcats defence this season has been really impressive
Leon Debeljak::And that's why KD is better than Melo!!! Game changer!!!
Tung Nguyen::why is this even a conversation?
Steven Christian Shaw::Tung Nguyen Look below.
Tung Nguyen::Steven Christian Shaw Yeah, I saw that. Lolzzz...
David Santonas::Nice way to finish the half bobshits 12th run blown out in half #2
Nick Rice::In a league without LeBron. Durant is MVP
Carl Joye::Bobcats 102 OKC 101
Wendell Harnsberry::Speedy Recover Russ!!!  KWTV - NEWS 9 -BREAKING NEWS: Oklahoma City Thunder guard Russell Westbrook underwent successful arthroscopic surgery on his right knee earlier today. #News9Breaking #Thunder  Westbrook is expected to return post All-Star break. http://www.news9.com/story/24315345/russell-westbrook-out-due-to-another-knee-surgery
Mike Greenberg::Jackson needs to go back to what he does well.He is better at dishin, not trying to swishin. He has been watching WestBRICK too much. Jackson is a much better team player. Someone needs to tell him to play the team game again and forget about the pressure to score.
Richard Smith::Well, if it isn't little Skippy Bayless
Adam Youman::better team player? only 3 assists with durant next to him. russell has been dishin it out better than anyone in the league besides CP3 recently. 9.3 assists over the last 10 games
Mark La Brooy::"I need Reggie Jackson. I need Serge Ibaka. I need Kendrick Perkins. I'm not afraid to say that,"  Umm you need Perkins? Really you should be afraid Very Afraid!
Steven Rogers::I think the thunder lose this one. they're without All-Star point guard Russel westbrook, and are playing on the road.
Adam Youman::you forget who they are playing tho
Tung Nguyen::Some idiot keep marking my post as spam. As said earlier, you cannot compare a 49% shooter to a below league avg. 44% shooter.
Leon Debeljak::Make that 51,52% by the end of the season
