Matty Connor::Can anyone tell me why Westbrook isn't playing?
Reginald Park::Taking a rest - they are playing the Jazz - don' t need him for a blowout
Matty Connor::Thanks Reg :)
Reginald Park::Gotta think they don't want a Derek Rose situation - where they play him more minutes than necessary and risk a re-injury. Smart coaching.
Shawn Bento::We meet again Jazz.  Let's keep teams winless playing on OUR court this home stand.  THUNDER UP!
Derek Mustachi::Does this Jazz team not have any pride?
Reginald Park::I'll give you three guesses
Alissa Dais::Pride? What are you talking about? They are rebuilding you idiot.
Trevor Hennington::Karl Malone is rolling in his grave.
Aaron Lampkin::Trey Burke Blows
Fjodor Balla::Utah Y.O.W.O you only win once
Anderson Daniel::Let's go Thunder!! 9-3!!!
William Spencer::lol. I wouldn't bet against it.
Buddy Ince::I lost all respect for Westbrook not playing. These athletes make millions of dollars every year and then to sit out because they predict a blowout. What a bunch of crap. These guys should be playing every single game, that's what they get paid for.
Myles Bybee::He sat out to continue rehabilitating his knee that he injured in the Playoffs. He's out until Wednesday against San Antonio. Scott Brooks is requiring him to do it.
Reginald Park::Utah should be the ones ashamed of themselves - they are the ones who aren't hustling - throwing up bricks and turning the ball over every other possession.
Linda Carol McGee::I gained a lot more respect for Brooks for having the wisdom to sit Russ.  I hope Durant sits the rest of the way too.
Matt Elmore::Reading that the #1 pick is Jabari Parker makes me laugh. Since when does a player (Andrew Wiggins) get penalized for playing in a team-oriented offense? Duke centers the offense around Parker; Kansas is a motion offense looking to get the ball inside to one of the bigs. I kinda feel bad for Wiggins now, because he could've easily went to Florida State and scored 25 points a game and would've been the consensus #1 pick…but, oh well, same thing happened with Michael Jordan, and we saw how that turned out
Alex Hinerman::"People around Utah want my head!  Looks like I better be smart and not start Enes for Jefferson and/or Marvin.  I'm pretty sure that's what made me so popular last year." Coach T, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?  We don't care that this team isn't good this year, but that doesn't mean the best option is to sit the future center.
Ian K-wizzie::Gordon Hayward is a turnover machine.  Seriously.  I have him on my fantasy team.  Great stats, except those turnovers mean he'll lose you the category, and lose the game for the Jazz, every game.   And he really needs to start caring again.  His FG% recently has been incredibly poor.  It's "Derrick Rose" bad, except Hayward doesn't have any excuses.
Reginald Park::The Jazz could make this a game if they could hit a better percentage of shots - OKC without Westbrook is a weakened team.... They have to get it within 10 points pretty early in the 3rd quarter - if OKC gets the lead over 20 - then it's over - but this is the NBA - you never know.
Willie Woodberry::Our youngsters have got to close games better than that. No excuse for giving up 30 points in the 4th QTR. On another note, Perkins: 4 points, 1 rebound, and 5 fouls in 21 minutes... WOW! That's beyond terrible.
Jesse Hiatt::Well we almost won the first game. Now we have Marvin Williams and Trey Burke back, along with Dionte Garrett... we're stronger now then we were then... but I dunno, the return of Westbrook might make it a little out of reach.
Jamison Lunnen::I'm all for the rebuild and everything, but come on. I feel like the Jazz Players are better than this. At what point do we start demanding Ty Corbin's head on a spit?
Donna Blackwood::I'm a Jazz fan and I hope they at least win 11 games this year and get the first pick of the draft....the team has parts to build around
Kenny Sterrett::Ty's rotations are a joke. Why is RJeff playing so many more minutes than Evans? Why is he starting Marv over Kanter?
Reginald Park::That was it folks.... Jazz didn't come out to play for the third quarter - they might get within 18 when OKC gets bored
Ian K-wizzie::How's Trey Burke playing?  I can't tell from the score if he's playing decent basketball or not.
Reginald Park::Utah has almost as many turnovers as made shots - lazy, losing basketball.
Will Schmitz::If OKC wins this game,  they'll be on pace to improve their winning percentage for a FIFTH consecutive season.
Anderson Daniel::Beating their percentage from last year is going to be a tough task.
Will Schmitz::Anderson Daniel sure will be.
Shawn Bento::Jazz have some guys to build around: Burke, Hayward, and Favors.
Mateo Aguirre::Lmao 30 halftime points for Utah Not sure if Jazz or my high school team
Robert Fanslau::Dig deep Jazz... games far from over if you take it one possession at a time
John Mark Tamano::at least JAZZ will post an NBA record for the longest streak.
