Shaun Mitts::Kyrie is the PG version of Carmelo Anthony   Great scorer, Good rebounder, average defense
Shanny Salcedo::which is why John Wall is your starting East All-Star PG
John Decker::Shanny Salcedo Agreed. Kyrie is not even a point guard. He tops the Cavs every night in shots taken. He only passes when he can't get a shot off. 3 assists today. What kind of PG is that?
Art Mowle::John Decker Absolutely. Well said, Kyrie is not a good point guard. Shooter yes but he does not dish out the ball and misses many critical shots. I the the comparison to Camelo.
Daniel Carfora::Celtics are a joke. Can't even cover -3 1/2 after being up big in 4th, glad I bought the point but I don't think a Push has ever hurt so bad.
Chelo Mejias::Jokes don't win games...Celtics just won the game....so the joke is on you...mr. jokey mcjoke maker
Daniel Carfora::Chelo Mejias Lol you got me there. I'm talking from a betting standard, yeah they did win but this is another huge lead celtics have blown that they have escaped with. They need to do better late in games.
Chelo Mejias::Daniel Carfora   Sure they blew a huge lead....but still found a way to win...despite the celtics players playing like retards in the 4th
Mike Bird Munger::LOL Humphries got grabbed as plain as day in front of the ref and STILL couldn't get the call.  The NBA's agenda against the Celtics....25 years and going strong.
Liam Sibson::Outscored 34-18 is unacceptable.  This embarrassing team barely escapes with a win.
Chelo Mejias::I think it's Brad Stevens, he's not hard enough on the team when it comes to holding leads. But you must admit they played 3 impressive quarters
Liam Sibson::Need to be playing 4.
Chelo Mejias::Liam Sibson   Agreed, it's all about 48 minutes...just ask queen james when the HEAT choked away a huge lead over the Kings and lost
Thomas O'Neal::Rondo to the Knicks for Shumpert and a 2019 1st round pick... lol. Go Celts!
Chelo Mejias::Rondo to the knicks for metta world peace and a 2034 2nd round pic
Shanny Salcedo::rondo for a Bradley wannabe lol...no thanks
John Decker::Chelo Mejias Metta???? Are you kidding me?
Nick Baughan::Nice 3 assists there Kyrie. Some "superstar," huh?
A.J. Yowler::his +6 was nice..   better than anybody on Boston but they made their run when the superstar was out of the game
Alan Bonness::Cavaliers center Andrew Bynum has been suspended for conduct detrimental to the team, Cavaliers General Manager Chris Grant announced today. Bynum did not travel with the team to Boston last night for the team’s game this afternoon at 1:00 p.m. vs. the Celtics and has been excused from all team activities indefinitely. His status will be updated as appropriate.
Shanny Salcedo::Dear Brad Stevens,                       Please tell your team especially Jordan Crawford to stop blowing leads in the 4th at home ....we should be 12-4 not 8-8 at home without the blown double-digit leads........
John Decker::All NBA games come down to the last 3 minutes. Leads mean nothing in this league. The Celtics won. Show some respect. And this team was NEVER going to be 12-4 at home, without a legitimate center. If anything, they have already overachieved.
Adam Mandelion::I love this team but Brad Stevens doesn't know how to manage a lead effectively.  Subs too late and does not use TOs properly
Steven Anacker::Only in the East can you be a tanking team and a playoff team at the same time. Congrats, Boston!
John Decker::Only on ESPN.com could someone make such a self-defeating joke and think it's clever. See, if a team makes the playoffs, by definition they can't be tanking. But don't think it through. You'll only get confused.
Steven Anacker::John Decker Nothing self defeating about that joke (do you understand the meaning of "self defeating"?). And nowhere did I say it was clever. It's actually the truth.
John Decker::Steven Anacker Did you not follow the explanation? How can you tank while making the playoffs? Or is this one of those cases where the Celtics are "tanking" because you read that somewhere? THAT'S what self-defeating means. You've contradicted yourself into a corner.
Yoonki Ethan Park::Not a bad season for what people call a "rebuilding season".
Bruno Berardi::Let's see besides blowing a 20+point lead, The Celtics in the final minute of the game had 2 shot clock violation turnovers missed a 15ft jumper a lay up and 3 free throws. Amazingly the point spread was 4 and over 70% of the money in Vegas was bet on Boston.  That's  just legally bet money.  My point? I've been trying to educate the public so they realize Professional Sports matches (mostly BBALL & FB) are rigged.  They want to create drama so the fans stay interested and follow the teams. Translation, invest your time and money into their product.  Then there is the Billions(YES I SAID BILLIONS) of dollars wagered annually on sporting events, that kind of money on the line you know they won't leave the outcome to chance.  Every other game in a casino is designed to make the house money sports wagering is no different.  There is no difference between NBA, NFL and the WWE.
Chelo Mejias::Conspiracy theorist much?? you lost all credibility when you said the NBA is like the NFL and WWE
Joseph Giardina::You do know that the reason there are point spreads in Vegas is so there is equal action on both sides. Vegas doesnt care who wins, just as long as they collect their vig from people placing bets
John Decker::Chelo Mejias No, he lost all credibility even earlier, when he wrote: "I've been trying to educate the public  . . . "
John Decker::I'm not a big Brandon Bass fan -- he usually seems one step behind the action -- but he had a great game today and saved the win with the block of Waiters at the end. Very pretty block, too, all ball, despite Dion's protests. I really hope this is a turning point for Bass and he continues to contribute like today's game. (I thought someone in this thread should give Brandon some love for a good game today.)
Chelo Mejias::Expect the Celtics to throw the Cavs a beatin'. Celtics are not happy about these last few games and will come out like men possessed. People may die in this game...Prepare for the lean and mean green machine to come back roaring and scoring, blocking shots and gettin' stops.
Justin Taslak::why is Jeff Green always listed as a SG for the C's? For as long as I remember he's been a SF/PF tweener, certainly no SG and def. not with Crawford and Bradley in the lineup.
Mike Bird Munger::ONCE AGAIN THE REFS PROVING WITHOUT A SHADOW OF A DOUBT THEY ARE INTENTIONALLY SCREWING THE CELTICS!!!  IN NO WORLD WAS THAT A GOALTENDING ON BRADLEY!!!
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Calm down Tommy
Joe Brooks::Not the refs fault the Celtics blow a 19 point lead in the 4th. Just crap players.
Chelo Mejias::Joe Brooks   Not the celtics fault that cleveland choked away their most important possession of the game!
Chelo Mejias::The Celtics can win the whole darn thing if they play their cards right.
Shanny Salcedo::I like the way Bass is facilitating and finding the open man out of the post...I still think we should trade him for a big legit center like asik lol
Randy Dixon::Bynum is completely right...who would wanna play with this garbage team...Cavs are a complete joke
Adam Mandelion::Again Stevens showing his rook colors. Poorly designed play. Doc would've gotten two for one there
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Refs give Kyrie no love, just 2 free throws when I saw him get hacked on 4 shots that should of led to 8 free throw attempts, smh
Chelo Mejias::Cry more lol
John Decker::Kyrie needs to give up the ball on occasion. The Cavs need a real PG. Move Kyrie to SG.
Chelo Mejias::i have seen inept 4th quarters by past and present celtics teams...but this takes the cake as the worst
John Tibaldi::Horrific... I am a Cavs fan but they are in disarray and bet the Celtics -4.5... Stevens blows goats
Chelo Mejias::And the cavaliers swallow goat sperm
Al-Jaleel Sawab::No one on the Celts was going to keep Kyrie from scoring on that possession when the game was 102-100
Thomas O'Neal::woulda...coulda...shoulda...
Shanny Salcedo::being a sore loser is bad for your health
Chelo Mejias::Gerald Wallace is the master at missing free throws, frustrating to watch the guy at the line
