Clarence2126::i told you the milwaukee does would fall apart...lose 4 straight and get a whole 80 this game...totally embarassing like they are every year! move from milwaukee and i wouldnt care or lose any sleep!
lalatorre87::milwakee scored 80 points in this game... kobe scored 81 by himself
Rexanilatorz::Bucks took only 82 shots this game..Kobe once took 46 shots in a game!
D.Wagner85::Lakers have scored under 100 several times this season.  Wilt scored 100 by himself.
khackett7::Milwaukee = moribund
khackett7::Anybody else wondering if Orlando Johnson is going to supplant Gerald Green?  Green is playing awful.
HoosierHype06::i think if he replaces someone it is Sam Young
D.Wagner85::Bucks are in a slump right now, like every other team in the league is going to go through, this is a 42-45 win team which will be good enough for the 6th seed in the East.  That being said, I would still make a few moves to work on next season, because the Bucks will not beat the Heat or Knicks in a 7 game series.
Clarence2126::they wouldnt be a catholic grade school team
HoosierHype06::or the Pacers!
colaroaster::INDY GETTING BACK FROM THEIR BOSTON BEAT DOWN
BayAreaSportsFan16::the 2 small guard starting line-up just isnt gonna work bucks fans. take it from a warriors fan that had to put up with that crap for 3 seasons.
Doodzy4::The right move is Monta and a big to the Lakers for Gasol
Francis4345::Utah has something for you guys. If you wanna trade one of your SG, Jazz has Millsap who's a good PF to help your team. As a jazz fan, i would like to make that trade :  Millsap for Jennings and Gooden
D.Wagner85::And you think the whole issue was Monta?  Got something for ya, the team added Harrison Barnes,Jarret Jack, Carl Landry, and Lee is playing out of his mind.  Lets be real, this is the most talent the Warriors have had on the team since 2006, and that has nothing to do with Ellis, they surrounded him with junk, just like the Bucks have him surrounded with junk.
spurrrrrs::2 small guards don't work, get over it.
BayAreaSportsFan16::once again monta has a good game but his team loses. and bucks fans thot they were getting the better end of the deal when they gave up bogut
Doodzy4::Monta is one of the only guys that has big value to the Bucks in a trade, and is their only All Star
BayAreaSportsFan16::the warriors won cus we got rid of that poison monta haha
Rexanilatorz::lol no one won that trade tbh Andrew Bogut hasn't even played for the Warriors because he is always injured
Bhintage::4-15 shooting isn't a good day.   Not a superstar.
D.Wagner85::Who ever said Jennings was a SUPERSTAR?  LOL at best he is a 4 star player in this league, and currently is a top 10 PG, but he is far from a Superstar.
feeldabern::this game not going over is such nba bs
azehr31::gg bucks, guess our two teams just always want to win the home games against each other  lol
Rexanilatorz::ORLANDO!
Taco with a Q::Well gg boys!  Im gonna go watch the Packers/Vikings game.  Go Pacers!!!
albark22::The Bucks shot chart looks like someones drawn up a treasure map in a jewellery store
leo9212::to tell you the truth. Scott skiles needs to go they need to be a run and gun teams instead of defensive team skiles want them to be.
D.Wagner85::They are a run and gun team, last 10 games we are allowing nearly 105 ppg.  This is because they are shooting 4 seconds into the shot clock, yet have no shooters.  This team is best suited to play slow, take 20 seconds off the clock per possession, and play defense.  When they were doing that this year, they were winning.
leo9212::why can;t the pacers play with this energy every game
evill1::Caus Mil is throwing the game for Vegas!!!!!!
PK009::scott skiles rotation is perplexing sanders playing great so he bench him in the 4th
D.Wagner85::Bucks had no chance to win, get some rest at that point.
onlyelement1::hibbert averages 9 ppg and 8 rpg great case for that max deal
iluvash52505::Impressive tonight..
azehr31::he'll get better, plus he does a lot of things that don't show up on stats...especially on defense
onlyelement1::but just 12 and 8 last year not to far off his normal stats
azehr31::just a down first part of the year, tonight shows what he's capable of
jpks11x::Hahaha Bucks are just an awful team this stupid team doesnt care if they lose I give up on them
azehr31::ok, i feel safe the pacers wont screw this up now  lol
TimmyHardawayJr10::Anybody else really excited to play NY and Miami at home next week?
jwright520::yea we  need to pick it up offensively tho
Rexanilatorz::I mean Vucevic got 29 rebounds against them!
Rexanilatorz::Yeah!! Roy should have a HUGE game against Miami they have no size and don't rebound the ball
leo9212::trolls are going to be all over the place
TimmyHardawayJr10::Trolls. Everywhere.
Taco with a Q::Yeah I may be avoiding the ESPN boards those games
leo9212::lol drew gooden shooting 3's he is not playing anymore this season
jpks11x::Hahaha Drew Gooden just threw the game... game over idiot
jpks11x::LOL DREW GOODEN
leo9212::how many 3's did we jack this quarter my god
jwright520::green missed like 6 of em
TimmyHardawayJr10::NEED. MORE. OJAAAYYYY!!!
leo9212::too late he is in jail
hoops 112hoping::lol
leo9212::why are their other team mascots
nrnaterod22::boomers birthday!!
jpks11x::Please go on a little 12-4 run...
Rexanilatorz::Pacers seem to be jacking up shots this quarter lol
SpartyOn1220::Paul George. The human turnover machine.
jwright520::he needs to cut down on them for sure. hes had a bad last 2 games
hoops 112hoping::idc really about the turnovers, he's amazing in just his third season.
SpartyOn1220::Ya he is a beast.... but my god....
Taco with a Q::He's still learning, still a beast of a player
Taco with a Q::Good timeout here, need to make sure the Bucks dont make a run
hoops 112hoping::As far as the bucks young players... tobias harris idk, i don't really see a role or position for him on offense, what exactly is he good at? henson looks like a young marcus camby, i don't think he'll be that good but he'll be a solid player.
Jschlotty2::lol gooden what.
azehr31::so anything exciting happen while i was gone, except hibbert having a great game?
TimmyHardawayJr10::Need more OJ!!
leo9212::lol 3/17 this quarter and we still leading by double digits
jpks11x::The Bucks don't look like an NBA team do they know what they're doing?
feeldabern::9 pts in 6 mins! nice
Taco with a Q::Tyler playing well, lets hope that continues
Rexanilatorz::I wanna see OJ and Gerald Green on the floor together and watch them fight for shots!
Rexanilatorz::Green is hilarious right now
Taco with a Q::He had to shoot that one, but I agree he isnt on
azehr31::i like when i leave for a bit and come back to see the pacers winning :D
vegasbuster10::Thanks for taking the biggest ball hog in the NBA off our hands bucks.....sincerely golden state warriors
CallMeJohnD::i didn't know kobe bryant played for golden state
leo9212::wtf green stop SHOOTINGGGGGGG
feeldabern::so  much for the over huh guys?
jpks11x::this offense is RE TARDED
jpks11x::Lol BUCKS!!!
vegasbuster10::Lol bucks are complete garbage bet against the worst backcourt in the NBA every game and you'll be golden
YanksWS96::Under looking good thanks to this slow start in the 4th
ZG84::Bucks look as bad as joe webb
leo9212::but not as bad as ponder lmao
MasterOfLogic::Gerald Green gets traded for 5 bucks after this game, right?
TimmyHardawayJr10::Monta? I'll take him. He kills us every time we play them
