Chelo Mejias::Heat are massive frauds
Julie Price::lol like the Patriots?
Jonathan James Bresnihan::Both the CHeat AND the Cheatriots are frauds IMO.
Chelo Mejias::Julie Price   Baby girl that's ancient history to me, i look forward to the baby bruins to take the cup and c's to make the playoffs bet the wife and kid on it
Eddie Gomez::Lebron sucks all his points are lay ups and from the freethrow and come the final seconds he shy's away... just look at the finals last year he missed 2 3pointers to tie the game but ray allen saved them but Lebron gets the credit... he will never be jordan or kobe... 6 rings and 5 rings lebron 2 rings one of which ray allen got for him.. Lebron is the most overrated player of all time... Coasting is just an excuse you guys make for him sucking
Jihad Struggle Lee::You do realize that kobe and jordan had help too, right??
Franzy Allen::Jihad Struggle Lee Not that much help bro.  Great role players, not multiple hall of famers.
Jared Keen::Guess Paxson never hit a game winner either? Kerr never hit that winner over Utah either. Kobe wasn't MVP for all his. Lebron actually jump shots at a very high %, he just doesn't shoot much unless its a good shot or he needs too.
Eddie Gomez::LEBRON MISSES WHEN IT MATTERS LIKE ALWAYS.... #NeverGonnaBeJordan
Jabari Akil::Just like that game 7 dagger right?
Will Posters::Game 7 dagger? Tf you talking about a wide open jumper with the lead and 25 sec left for like its a game winner?
Eddie Gomez::Jabari Akil Game 7 would have never happened if ray allen didn't save him... Remeber Lebron took two 3 pointers to tie the game and missed both time.... Ray allen didnt miss cuz he aint no fraud!
Ray Waterman::I think the Hawks will take the Heat in this one.
Kervin Vancol::I think you're wrong.
Ray Waterman::It's possible.
Matthew Todd Ballinger::Ray Waterman, this is coming from the same kid who thought the Heat would beat the Knicks, Nets, and Wizards.
Steve Harvey::"The Heat are coasting, they don't care about the Regular Season!"  - Your typical bandwagon 2010 Heat fan
Chelo Mejias::Heat scream First round exit
Jihad Struggle Lee::Chelo Mejias nope
Chelo Mejias::Jihad Struggle Lee   The NBA is putting a JIHAD on the CHEATLES, exposing what frauds they really are.
Will Posters::Heat fans be like... Lebron is on Jordan's level!!
Chad Clark::ikr
Jihad Struggle Lee::So u telling me jordan would win down by 5, with 45 seconds left
No Names James::Jihad Struggle Lee  Yes.. A prime T-Mac scored 13 pointrs in 35 secs to beat San Antonio. Just for the rec a prime MJ wouldn't have his team down 5 with 45 secs left in the playoffs a prime MJ would have had the game wrapped up and getting ready to hold up the trophy.
Kervin Vancol::Let's go heat.
Chelo Mejias::No Kervin, NO
Jenner Hardin::Lost 4 of last 6.  Coasting right along though. LOL.
Eddie Gomez::Wow coasting? really? I dont care what anybody say's the heat are now bad on defense ... 71 points to the hawks and times this year they havent been able to stop anybody they have given up over 100 points too many times this year .... They wont win a championship this year....#TheHeatAreDone
Jonathan James Bresnihan::Completely agree. Indiana took them all the way to 7 games last year. This year, IF they make it to the ECF they're going out fast.
Jabari Akil::Jonathan James Bresnihan If they make it? Have you seen the East? Pacers and Heat are a lock for the ECF.
Daniel Doyle::Jonathan James Bresnihan If they make it to the ECF?  haha who's gonna beat them in a 7 game series before then Brooklyn?  Get a clue they'll be in the conference finals and then we'll see what's up.
Matthew Todd Ballinger::I don't know which is higher: the number of points that were scored by the Heat tonight or how many times I've heard Heat "fans" say "it's only the regular season, it means nothing."
Jihad Struggle Lee::Well.....
Gerard Hicks::How about the number of haters that come on to celebrate each victory and declare the team dead? I think you can clearly see more of that on any given night.
Jabari Akil::The Heat are worried about health, not the best record. They've been saying this and are content with being the 2nd seed. That's why some, not ALL Heat fans are saying the regular season doesn't mean anything. Championships matter to this team and that's how the media sees it as well. You don't get an award for best record during the regular season.
Jihad Struggle Lee::Well im not gonna respond to any heat hater, its just so hard being heat fan these days everybody hates you, sucks. Good win by the hawks, sill love miami heat though
Ho Lee Fuk::stfu you bandwagoner
Jihad Struggle Lee::Ho Lee Fuk  Heat fan since 2001, I was 6, yep bandwagon my fault you right
Steve Ungar::Jihad Struggle Lee, sound out that hater's name.  You can see that his life is miserable, so he just tries to make it miserable for the rest of us too.  I suggest you just block the chronics, like waterman, ballinger, starr, and noname.  They are not here to discuss sports, but to spew hate and lies.  Save yourself the effort of trying to reason with the unreasonable, and just talk with the Heat fans here.
John Paul Wilkinson Jr::ESPN's been obsessed with LeBron not shooting enough.  How about if he played a little defense for a change.
No Names James::Defense what are you talking about, don't you know that LBJ is one of the most physical defenders in the world.. Clearly you haven't watched LBJ play defense..
Steve Harvey::"GO Magic we are going to win the title!"  - ED in 2009  "GO Heat WOOOOO Diehard for life!"  - ED on July 8, 2010
Corinne Ang::Bron cant win without Wade...
Shanmuga Sundaram::Heat is losing.. love it
Daymeon Craig::LeBron bad pass me chokes again maybe he should've flopped!!!
Brandon Tigues::bad pass? it isn't his fault cole slipped..it's funny how you bring up choking, let me ask you how many career game winners does paul george have? how many big shots has he made in his career? the guys clutch stats are terrible good thing he's never counted on to close games or the pacers would have a losing record right now.
Daymeon Craig::He's only been here 4 yrs . Kill yourself y'all loss go to bed it's real basketball time put the babies to bed he don't need to close games we always got the lead like a real team should . Looooossssseeeerrrr!!!!!!!
Jabari Akil::Daymeon Craig You act like a three year old. I'll be there when GS knocks down a lot of threes.
Chad Clark::Hawks win WITHOUT Horford. Who saw this coming?
Reggie Sykes::hahahahahahaha LOSERS!!!!!
Steve Harvey::71-70 @ the Half?? HAHAHAAHAHAHA
Jeffrey Nicholas::wish this were on national television. This is like the Warriors/Thunder game.
Shawn Bento::Heat suck.  LMAO
Steve Harvey::They won't hang with Indiana in a 7 game series, looks like INDY is superior this year.
Shawn Bento::Steve Harvey, Pacers vs Thunder Finals.  BOOK IT
Jeffrey Stringer::Steve Harvey Didn't that happen the past 2 years str8 when you'll said the same thing? What happened? HEAT WIN!!!
Kenneth Lee::Just a footnote--Ray Allen had a perfect game, 5 FGs made/5 FGs attempted, with 4 of those 3-pointers.  This gives him a true shooting % of 140%.
Jihad Struggle Lee::Dang lol
Jihad Struggle Lee::Hey Cousin
Steve Ungar::And then they had him not shoot in the second half.  Further proof they are coasting.
Eric Prokop::Just watched highlights...hawks won the game.. Espn only showed 1 hawks bucket.. Lebron fanboys..
Pierre Aviles::ESPN slobbers on nuts so hard its not even funny
Steve Harvey::O snap mighty Indiana is winning again, man Miami would be lucky to win 1 game in a series against these guys.
Marcleen Bavogui::are u a bulls fan or an idiot. who just troll? i dint know that bulls fan turned into pacers because they`re the only team miami has to go through
Daymeon Craig::Here goes another one the heat suck!!  Come see some real basketball on the PACERS board tonight !! We welcome  all heat fans.
Jeffrey Nicholas::hehe. I'll be there. I'm looking forward to a really good game between contrasting styles. Just stick up for me when I talk real and everyone calls me a hater. =D
Louis Winthorpe III::Lots of bandwagon fans going home disappointed.  Go Birdz!!
Brian Clarke::That's the Night the Heat Go Turned Off in Georgia!!  GO HAWKS!!!
