Joseph Swain::well, looks like the celtics have stopped playing defense. the front line not taking enough shots. 23 shots for bradley. when Rondo gets back he"ll make the celtics play defense first. the new coach is a "work in progress" just like the current team. the "other coach" are the celtic fans of which i am one who will remind the celtics that they are now the "worst team in boston of the 4 major clubs" and that alone should bring some motivation! meantime GOOOOO.....weak sister CELTICS.
Aurelio Vilas::I can not understand why Jeff Green has converted to shooting guard which seems he struggles in that position and Kris Humphries has a very limited time and Bogans has not allowed to play either...
Bryon Blaisdell::Humphries and Bogans are not that good and, more importantly, are not a part of the future of this team
Aurelio Vilas::Well for sure Bogans is not good anyway as shown from his former teams, but Humphries is a better quality player I think
Jaydogg Vega::Jeff Green needs to be playing like he did in that one game last year against Miami.  20-30 shots a game.  I don't care if we win or lose just feed him the rock!!!
Wayne Bradley::could not agree more!
Jackson Reineke::wolves will win in they give love at least 30 touches
Jeffrey Reed::Go Wolves! :)
Colin Uza::Bricky Brickio at it again (1-5). Luckily for the Wolves they weren't facing a very good team.  When will he finally learn to shoot a basketball? I mean he is an NBA guard, usually a professional basketball guard can hit a simple jump shot.
Scott Hannon::If you care about what Bill Maher said about The Marathon Bombings please sign my petition.  https://www.change.org/petitions/hbo-drop-bill-maher
Jesse Huber::I'm fairly convinced that if the Wolves can just play a little defense, they can win 52-55 games even in the brutal western conference. But as it is, they are borderline non-existent on defense.
Cory Timmerman::When you're putting up top points in the league per game it takes a toll on defense.. but on nights that shots aren't dropping they're gonna need to focus on defense
Dave Houle::dude we're in the top half ot the league in team defense and points allowed.  conclusion: you fail, try again.
Carter Branstetter::Can we just go ahead and get the trade Jeff Green bus going? This guy either can't or won't give solid effort every single night. We can't build a winner with a guy like that on the team.
Jason Peters::This is freaking unbelievable, the  one time I pick Minnesota they decide to not play. Like I said in the 1st Qtr, Celtics win this by 2.  Uggggggh!!!!! This is badluck
Grant William Simons::ESPN isn't updating. The scores 91-78 with 9 minutes left in the 4th
Andrew Klocek::lol
Andrew Klocek::Lol Love has big stretch marks on his back and the announcers zoomed in and said "Look at those scars on his back, he takes a beating." That's embarrassing lol
T Michael Olson::Actually if you follow the wolves you know that what they said was true. He got scratched to hell by someone 2 years ago and those marks have been there since.
Chris Bell::Those aren't stretch marks.  He got scratched during the first game of the season.  Source:  I witnessed it.
Devin Brown::Getting told you're wrong. How embarrassing for you Andrew.
Jason Peters::Timberwolves been dominating everyone at home this year. SO I decide to put them in a parlay vs the lowly Celtics and here we are and C's have the lead.
Jason Peters::Celtics win by 2.
T Michael Olson::have faith :) 9 pt lead after 1. They got their average for the 1st  quarter in pts too :)
Tony Hartmann::Nice win over a resilient Celtic's squad. Go Wolves!
Casiano Servaz Tubana III::Wow, ESPN is waay behind. The games over guys...
Casiano Servaz Tubana III::Stop playing like Celdicks, Celtics...
Bryon Blaisdell::Why is Bradley taking 23 shots???
Chelo Mejias::C's looking good, only down by 5!
Mirnes Sibalo::Good half from the Celtics
Fog Coridefe Osuna Garcia::en mi opinion yo pienso que celtics nesesita un cambio rapido de entrenador, stevens es bueno pero esta es otra liga!! es la NBA totalmente diferente y con un equipo totalmente nuevo en reconstruccion es imposible!! antes de que sea demasiado tarde, para que les pueda y quizas alcanzar un 8vo. puesto y poder entrar a playoffs!! necesitan un entanador muy experimentado de la NBA! creo en mi opinion se equivoco rotundamente la directiva, y necesitan jugar mucha defensa, creo Bradley es un jugador muy bueno pero no es inteligente, el juega para el , y no para el equipo lo suficiente, no tiene la vision para repartir y crear jugadas para sus compañeros!! y creo el entrenador no deberia permitir que green maneje tanto la pelota como la posicion como guardia, pierde muchos balones, el es mucho mejor dandole balones, en vez de manejar el la pelota!!  y para mi los abridores serian:  Bradley, pressey o brooks, Wallace, , Faverani, Green!!  sorry i do not speak english!! I am a big  Celtics fan
Carmen Julia Gordillo Fausto::No le hagan caso!!! Anda bien ebrio jajajajjajaja
