Julie Price::Nets suck.....D-Will, KG, and Pierce are all washed up.
Rob Horton::Very possible....We should meet for drinks and discuss?
Randyl Ybanez::I think J Kidd was not the right to coach for them..this is the 3rd game they blew it out even they're winning..
Ed DeSalle::Nets 2-3! LMFAO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Patrick MacKinnon::So, what's the +/-  length of time before Prokarov sends the whole team to a work camp in Siberia.  Christmas? Valentines Day?
Rob Horton::LOL...Good one!
Luc Whissell::Looks like the Celtics got rid of Pierce and Garnett just at the right time.
Anthony Christie::lol where brooklyn at lol can u say overrated .
Richard Therabbit::The Knicks got stronger. The Nets just got a little better. It's going to be pretty clear as the season goes. World Peace is a huge piece and Bargnani plus hardaway jr. I don't fear the Nets at all. I think with Kidd coaching and all the new additions they may even get worse.
Nich Obert::Knicks only got a little better too. Ak47 is better than Artest and I mean.. Bargnani is an underrated player at this stage of his career and I like Tim Hardaway JR a lot but come on.   Pierce was shooting 56% from the floor with borderline superstar WS/48s before tonight. Bargnani, Udrih, Hardaway and Amare are all below zero so far. A fate that less than 10 rotation players suffered last year. Time MAY tell you're right. All those guys could get hot in may and help win a playoff series as 6-7-8-9th men. KG and Pierce and AK47 and Terry and Livingston and Allan Anderson might all be hurt or playing at 50%. That's the downside of those guys.  The upside is that if Lopez and Williams can score the level they're capable of and let all those guys do dirty work, they're a legit threat toe the Pacers and Bulls, if not the Heat.  I def think of the Knicks as being a tier below Indy/Chi/BK. A threat to make the 2nd round, but probably not without an early and extended Rose, Noah, Paul George or Hibbert injury,assesses it's chances and decides that if they can't win a title there's a fat consolation prize of multiple elite prospects. Unfortunately, the Knicks seem he biggest contender to nosedive on purpose.   Just kidding. That would take savvy management. Don't worry. I like the Wizards. Our GM got fleeced by David Kahn 5 years ago and still has a job. Enough said.
Jacob Dockter::and this is why the nba is terrible. the nets come out not caring, and allow wash to go on a 12-0 run. just anther perfect example of why no one should waste their money on an nba ticket. if players don't care why should i?
Nich Obert::Seemed like DC just played to potential for awhile. They have a very well matched top 8 guys. Without another backup big they can trust they won't go anywhere.. But I still think of BK as a 48-50 win team and DC as a 38-42 win team. It's not a huge gap.  They'd go 6 in the playoffs before BKs experience and toughness wore them down.
Nich Obert::Wiz outscored Nets starting in the 1st quarter. Pierce missed shots he has been making. Wiz D tightened up and they made their threes. It happens.
John Allen Reave::Wizards are a decent team.  They're better than their record.
John Martin::Garnett averaging just over 6 points a game. Should have quit at the end of last year.
RJ Smilly::KG is washed up. I agree with you and so is Pierce. The east has two good teams. Heat and Pacers.
Jeremiah Ysrael::what is up with Pierce and garnett they did not even show up
Luc Whissell::The Nets got them at the tail end of their careers...great acquisitions lol.
Jimmy Ruch::Luc Whissell Judging the acquisitions after only 5 games? wow.
John Allen Reave::Pierce has the flu.
James W. Ballantyne::Same old Nets...
Max Geller::Good, maybe this will help get the Pacers on equal footing tomorrow as far as rest is concerned, As far as talent is concerned only the Heat are challenging the Pacers. Hows all that luxury tax money helping you out NY? You might be able to outspend us, but you certainly cant out draft or out sign us, better team and we are 2 mil under the cap in a market a tenth the size of yours. LOL
Randyl Ybanez::like I said, Kidd should not be in a position to coach this team,.BKN needs a coach that is experienced, good winning mentality and well motivated to coach a player..not even a drunkard coach!.. this should be a blowout game, this is the 3rd time that they're winning in the end they blew it out!..
RJ Smilly::Kidd was probably drunk.
John Martin::The Wizards are the kind of team you have to beat if you want to be a contender. Nets looking like the Yankees--high priced old guys doing nothing.
James Hulka::The Nets played horribly and the Wizards did make a few great plays - but having been at this game.... the officiating was AWFUL. About the only thing the refs got right the whole night were when someone stepped on the out of bounds line. The sequence in OT when Pierce was called for traveling (he didn't travel - ball fake, step with right, keep left planted until he dribbled) - followed by Beal hitting the 3 to give the Wizards the lead after Nene took THREE steps without dribbling and before he passed was just a microcosm of how much the refs were pathetic tonight, and mostly in the home team's favor. A correctly called game - Nets win by 15.
Brian Perrin::You are delusional.  Your fanboyism is blinding you.
Alan Ogg::hahahahw woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooow so much for the "omg the nets beat the heat by 1 point!! they are da super bowl champions!!!!!!!!!!!"  nets wont even make 7th seed.
Randy Price::The only difference between john wall and kyrie irving jrue holliday damian lilliard derrick rose and rajon rondo is that they didn't have to become a team's savior while fielding questions about ur new back court mate who just came back from a suspension for bring guns into the arena
John Telban::do the nets realize the playoffs don't start for awhile.  Need to grab a good seed to have any chance this year.
Minister Brian E. Hawkins::Nets want to just beat the heat, they don't care about the rest of the NBA.
Kasey Sandlin::Glass half fool.
Marcleen Bavogui::to get to the heat u have to beat the rest of the league moron
Brandon Tigues::I remember when derron williams used to be a allstar caliber pg
Bryce Morgan::I don't
Ben Black::Peperidge farm remember
Zach Batizy::Wizards are about to make it 2 in a row. Only 78 more wins in a row to make it to 79-3!
Mark Schinkel::Wizards rock! They are the greatest! I am so happy right now!
Matt Matthies::and now garnett decides to hit shots...nice
Matt Matthies::and then decides to miss again
Anthony Davis::If the wizards stay healthy Playoffs
Jeremiah Ysrael::How long do you think kidd is going to manage this team
Ben Black::Until they convince phil jackson to coach
Greg Hype Jackson::BK All Day!!! not losing this trap game
