DannyMejia9MVP::Fuck those Lakers............losing games when it matters most. unbelievable
DenverDiehard35::Justine been doin work on this board, commentin on everything. Makin up for my absence thatta girl
lamriverside13::Bynum got ejected again!! this kid needs to drop his balls and GROW UP!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tsq2_Nqg0I8
my dog is really cute::Black people are a very bad race.. i will describe why... black peeplele increase the crime rate in every place.. black people live in low scale neba hoodssss... black people smell bad... black people are hard on the eyes.... black people are only successful in sports... black people are dumb.... black people are rude... they look like a gorilla... black people werent used as slaves for no reason.. black people were used as slaves cuz thats what they r good for.... there are many great names for black people like cotton pick, spear chucker, spick, ni gger, gorilla, porch monkey, ETC ETC, they are not called these names for no reason, its because they are fuc ing gross and they are ni ggers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i feel we need to bring slavery back!! PLZZZ thats what they are good for!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! fuc k $@%!$@%!! i hate that the president is a ni gggg!!! f UCK NI GGERS
jayeteee::Nice comeback win tonight, although it shouldn't have gotten to that point. But give Los Suns credit, they played tough. Need these next 3, Nuggets!!!!!
JustineS04::One of the NBA TV commentators has added Andrew Bynum (who got ejected) to his "Can't Get Right" list, which is a pretty selective group featuring John Wall and Javale McGee. He says McGee may be able to get off of it since he's playing better ball with Denver.
JustineS04::The one time I root for the Lakers this decade, no love.
MileHighFan9::I hate the Rockets aka Floppers
Fire_George_Karl::Big time floppers
JustineS04::Flashback to 14 hours ago:   DenverDiehard35: O $@%! this team is a lot better than the Hornets. We might lose this one too 10 fans like this.  MileHighFan9: And it's at home, Nuggets play like the walking dead at the Pepsi center, they'll probably come out thinking the Suns are a joke just like last night with the Hornets. 1 fan likes this.  colintrapp: slowly ease back from the edge of the cliff, fellas. nuggs got this. (free jham, though, FREE HIM!) 2 fans like this.
JustineS04::Colin Trapp for head coach?
SFEST13::which number do you think is greater? the number of shots kobe takes per game, or the number that Javale McGee can count to?
SouthStander132::lol
JustineS04::Judging by how many 3 second violations McGee gets, the number of shots Kobe takes.
Twuan89::From A Suns Fan,  Congrats Nuggets Fans my Suns couldn't get the stop late in the 4th qrt we need a closer badly, but yea the Nuggets came to play and Aaron Afflalo dropped 30pts. Congrats Nuggets Fans.
JustineS04::Thanks. Good luck. You guys are getting hot at the right time and Steve Nash is still amazing.
I have popcorn in my ears::Thanks.  We NEEDED this game...
sendacash::Do you guys think Kobe would have played through Gallos injury, just taped it up?
JustineS04::I guess it's a question of how bad the break is, as well. I broke my thumb playing soccer, and I had to hand write the rest of the semester. If it's severe enough, there's a possibility that a hard foul could affect the way it healed. If this were the playoffs, I'd be more inclined to trot him out, but I don't think it made sense to risk any further injury that could've jeopardized him for the playoffs.
JustineS04::Haha, it ain't the playoffs either, Hawk.
sendacash::This ain't intramurals brother!
DenvNUGGETS::Definitely I didn't even think Gallo was going to sit out
JustineS04::I don't know. It's his non-shooting hand, but he's actually a lefty (learned to shoot right b/c it's preferred in Italy). The thing is an injured Kobe is still an above average player, but an injured Gallo probably isn't as effective. I don't think it's simply a question of toughness, but it's also about effectiveness.
Meet-The-Forkers::Last 4 possessions Suns missed outside jumpers followed by easy layups! I was at a sports bar and could not stomach the last 3 minutes of this performance by my Suns.
gary wheatley::ill have to watch the replay of the game tonight at 11 cause they say that Hamilton started and scored 11 points.  wish Karl would play him and not Brewer
JustineS04::He played really well. I think you will start to see him get some more of Brewer's minutes.
Meet-The-Forkers::Nash had 11 assist. I predicted 14. That one reason why we lost.
Fire_George_Karl::You're an idiot. $@%! and quit your kvetching
gary wheatley::just seems like once Nene got that big contract he totally changed.  it was in his pocket and bank sooo
JustineS04::Could be, but he never had much intensity. I think he's probably pretty banged up as well.
Meet-The-Forkers::You still suck Ty and Danny. Lucky!!!!!!
Fire_George_Karl::Lucky doesn't sound right, clutch D in the last couple minutes sounds right. GTFO
gary wheatley::who has that planter thing send?  I remember Al had that last yr and it wasnt very fun for him.  he missed alot of games
JustineS04::Giving Nene the big contract was a good move at the time. We had what, 6 players signed at that time, and other teams were willing to shell out for him big time. Unloading him was the right move too b/c we would've been handcuffed by that salary. He's injury prone, getting older, and wasn't playing up to his contract.
sendacash::I think reports are Nene has plantar and that is a bad deal, like the hammy.  needs rest and lots of it.
gary wheatley::I still think Chandler is going to help this team once he gets his legs back under him.  The Chinese League is totally different and then he didnt play for bout month and half did he?
JustineS04::And altitude. He was training here, but it's different in a game. He and JaVale have lots of twitter exchanges about how tough the altitude is.
gary wheatley::nene hasnt been playing very much in Wash.  I bet his calf or whatever is still not healed
sendacash::plantar fascitis or however it is spelled. sounds painful
MileHighFan9::I rather have Nene than the soft/injured Chandler but i guess Nene and his big contract had to go to resign Ty
JustineS04::Yes, and Chandler has trade value as well. His contract is reasonable. Paying him a ton was the right move, and so was unloading him when the opportunity came along. We have a lot more flexibility now.
sendacash::McGee to the Celtics prob, maybe the lucky charms will rub off on him?
gary wheatley::i dont think Chandlers injury is that serious is it?  wasnt it like an adomal pull or something
I have popcorn in my ears::I think it was a groin, and not too serious.  But I haven't heard any updates on him.  I heard that same as Justine about Gallo - Monday...
JustineS04::Groins can be quite problematic. D-Rose had a bad one too and missed all those games. Not that it affected them that much. It's hard to run with a pulled groin.
gary wheatley::so Justine, have you heard what the final word is about Gallo and Chandler?  We play G State tomorrow  and Monday
JustineS04::I heard Gallo on Monday on Sports Radio today. Chandler I don't know. But other people were saying they expected to see both tomorrow.
gary wheatley::surely Justine, the nuggets arent gonna resign McGee next yr.  course this is the nuggets, anything can and has happened
JustineS04::They certainly will for the right price. Bird is old, Koufos is injury prone, Mozzy is injury prone and not very good and has trade value.
JustineS04::Bird is probably better at screens than just about anyone on the roster. He didn't even screw up. I wonder why he hasn't seen any minutes.
sendacash::good question, so many marginal players ,must be hard to pick one
sharkboy2421::Bird over McGee
gary wheatley::Javele is playing like Javele when he was in Washington.  somethings just dont change
JustineS04::Nah, he's paying attention. He was not invested there. He's not running around doing totally stupid things. He's just not playing well.
Morado2313::We need a blowout win so we can release Bird and Mozzy so they don't complain about minutes
JustineS04::And so I can grow my nails back.
Fire_George_Karl::People complaining about Javale too much. Nene has played what? 1...2 games with the Wizards? Lulz
Fire_George_Karl::Check Javale's twitter, he can't spell metal (spelled it metel) he has a lot of problems
sendacash::It was a curious move, sign Nene to the big money deal and then get cold feet and seek an anullment kardashian style. Doesn't look like they too found of mcgee as well
I have popcorn in my ears::Just looks dazed and confused.  It's basketball, not brain surgery...
JustineS04::McGee has had 3 straight bad games. Hope he snaps out of it.
MileHighFan9::Javale after the good start has been $@%! and hits less Fts than Blake Griffin
JustineS04::Fact: Bird has played very well this season. GK needs to read the writing on Anderson's neck and FREE BIRD!
JustineS04::The upside to Javale's poor performance is that it hopefully brings his contract expectations back down to earth.
gary wheatley::Birdman hasnt touched the court for how long now?  If they had no plans for him around trade time they should have done something instead of him taking up residency at the end of the bench.  and Yall are right, Brewer has fallen lower than low lately
sharkboy2421::Yeah Karl needs to quit being a fuccing dick and give him some minutes
sharkboy2421::lettuce be cereal guys: Nene &gt; McGee
DannyMejia9MVP::&lt; *
Fire_George_Karl::Nene blows
MileHighFan9::I thought i was the only one
JustineS04::Still like the trade. Room to resign Lawson. That contract didn't give us many options.
sharkboy2421::True but I miss Nene. I wish they could have just decreased his contract lol
JustineS04::Oh guys, last night I had a dream that I had a really dumb cat named Javale. He walked a cross a hot oven door that was open.
JustineS04::It was a premonition.
gregorybhouston::How to fix Nuggets: 1. Until Gallo is back give Brewer's minutes to Hamilton 2. Give JaVale's minutes to Birdman.  It's that simple.
I have popcorn in my ears::I can't remember which game it was - a little while back - and Karl put Manimal and Bird on the floor at the same time.  Talk about ENERGY!
MileHighFan9::I miss Bird i guess Karl is mad at him or something but hes a lot better than McGee and Mozawful
JustineS04::And Ham should get more minutes until Brewer steps up more.
I have popcorn in my ears::Fact.  Bird at least has energy.  Not sure WHAT has happened to JaVale...
JustineS04::Play a Center late.
DannyMejia9MVP::ight Bye guys.........see yall tomorrow!
Fire_George_Karl::late
Meet-The-Forkers::screw you karl!
JustineS04::Who is this meathead subbing in for Bill? Is he supposed to make us think that Bill isn't that bad?
DenvNUGGETS::You better believe the Pepsi center blew up once Arron hit that three and when Kenneth got that final block I could barely hear myself think
Fire_George_Karl::Wouldn't it be dirty if the Nuggets made a push in the playoffs unexpectedly? Got to the finals? I should shut up with my wishful thinking
DannyMejia9MVP::So don't get your hopes up, i guess. As awful as it sounds
Fire_George_Karl::Yup. I'll just hope before I die they win. That sounds a little better lol
JustineS04::That's the thing about the Nuggets. Right when you get your hopes up and start believing, they CRUSH you.
Fire_George_Karl::We lose to the crappiest teams, and beat the best....
JustineS04::And lose to the Bobkitties. Ugh.
sharkboy2421::story of the season
Fire_George_Karl::Right? God damn
JustineS04::Guys, I regret to inform you that I'll miss tomorrow night's performance b/c I'll be on a T-Rex pub crawl. I will be there in spirit, and watching on bar televisions. Until Monday...
DannyMejia9MVP::Nuggets win, Rockies win, My Dodgers are handling the Padres. great day for all of us :)
MileHighFan9::And i was proven wrong about 2 of those outcomes, i'll gladly be proven wrong when i'm being negative
gary wheatley::see ya TY
gary wheatley::i didnt see most of the game until the middle of the last quarter.  did they say how close Gallo is to coming back and is Chandler going to be coming back soon?  and wow is this bout the 4th or 5 game Mozzy hasnt played?  He really must be buried in Karls doghouse
sendacash::I thought chandler went in for an mri?  they get the results back?  gallo circling gs on monday like we all do
sharkboy2421::Chandler should be back tomorrow and Gallo tomorrow if not monday for sure. Mozgov sucks and doesnt deserve to play.
JustineS04::You know, with all our passion for firing GK, I hope we haven't forgotten to send some hate Steve Hess' way. He really has to go.
haliborange::looking at the injury list i think he sucks at conditioning
Morado2313::why? he's awesome!
TY LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::Goodnight everybody
DannyMejia9MVP::ight man talk to ya tomorrow
Meet-The-Forkers::night jerk.
Fire_George_Karl::Who loves Kevin Love for stomping Scola? I sure as hell do
ColoradoSportsFanatic::Team is finally starting to get healthy..Please no more injuries...
DannyMejia9MVP::We play GS tomorrow AND Monday. Gallo on Monday.............unsure bout Wilson.
DannyMejia9MVP::The one tomorrow is in GS.....the Monday one is at Denver
Fire_George_Karl::Yeah got confused.
Fire_George_Karl::Werd
