Matthew Todd Ballinger::love all the "loyal fans" down there to support their championship team. arena isn't even 3/4 full. what a joke of a fanbase
Demetrius Falconstakeflight Roberts::You sound like a Raptors fan
Mark Guerrero::Besides the fact heat are top 4 in attendence. Besides loyal Cleveland stop showing up after lebron. Reality is for this crybaby post and the idiots that liked it. While you are counting people in the stands to feel better about losing us heat fans are counting titles.
Matthew Todd Ballinger::Mark Guerrero haha how are your dolphins and marlins doing? or since they aren't good yet, you don't care?
Mad SammyBoy::Did you see at the end of the game, where LeBron totally didn't take that long, double-teamed three-point heave? That stupid idiot LeBron passed to his wide-open three-point specialist teammate instead. Dumb stupid LeBron passed instead of shooting. What a stupid dumb idiot he is. He sucks at basketball because he didn't shoot that off-balance, heavily-guarded shot instead. What a stupid idiot.
Colin Uza::Stupid Lebron, always making the proper basketball decision.
Mad SammyBoy::Colin Uza   I know, man. That's why he'll never win any rings like that one Black Mama guy has.
Jonathan James Bresnihan::5 > 2
Paa Hawkins::Lebron's flopping is at an epic level
Demetrius Falconstakeflight Roberts::Aww, what's wrong, Kyrie Irving not working out as planned? Get it out
Paa Hawkins::Demetrius Falconstakeflight Roberts dude knock off the childish comments. Grow up. I called a flop from Lebron in the 1st quarter what the hell do Kyrie have to do with Lebron flopping?
Steven Censored::Kyrie is balling right now smoke another rock fiend!
Mike Plummer::Lebron is so concerned with his FG % that he'll only take layups or dunks. Total stat chaser.
Graham Strouse::I don't think that's it at all. Honestly, I think LBJ works too hard sometimes to get teammates involved during the first 3 quarters when he should just be putting the throttle down.
Ali Sobh::Does it matter? As long as he is making baskets he can do what ever he can do.... Its so sad that you haters keep trying to pile up negatives...
Mad SammyBoy::Yeah, it's a much better strategy to take lower-percentage shots. Why doesn't that stupid idiot LeBron know that?
Brandon Tigues::Miami 21 personal fouls Cavs 20 personal fouls..two of those coming from intentional fouls   Mami 15 turnovers Cavs 14 turnovers  of course the ft shooting isn't going to be close now because of the intentional fouling..but before the intentional fouling, Miami had 26 ft's the cavs had 25  stop crying..the game was called even
Mitch Bihuniak::After Mike Brown blew his top, the calls started to even out. Doesn't matter - dude made a dumb comment. Cavs missed too many opportunities.
Jeremy Purcell::hell yeah people complain complain complain they just mad lebron is getting another mvp award and a ring this year!
Brandon Tigues::Mitch Bihuniak extactly
Umbreen Khuddus::miami is going to crush the cavs
A.j. Skiba::ESPN Headline: "Heat storm past Cavaliers" yet only win by 7 and were tied with 3 & a half left. Miami is a great team but ESPN needs to hop off them for a little while.
Jacque Ortiz Warren::Winning by 1 is the same as winning by 100.
Jake Gilliland::seriously. but then again i see so many homers here who need to be reminded to take LBJ's koch out of their mouth every now and then...
Tazmon L'vis Sims::Alex Doub  the fact that you could interpret it as they were behind and then moved by them in a rush...so what do you not understand?
Fisher Peyton Overstreet::I myself am a LeBron hater. Cant stand him. But some of you guys are going to far with this. LeBron had a good game tonight. You Cavs fans are butthurt. Admit it.
Alec Legg::Heat "fans" say that if Shaquille O'Neal and Chris Bush play well, then the Heat will 3peat.
Demetrius Falconstakeflight Roberts::Non Heat fans says that whoever beats the Heat, they're their biggest fans
Alec Legg::Demetrius Falconstakeflight Roberts that is the definition of a "hater." Your comment implies that if someone likes another team besides the Heat, then they support every team that beats the Heat, which is not true.
Scott Markle::Alec Legg It's actually true. Just ask the people in Cleveland. They love whoever destroys/beats LeBron.
Jody George Prats::LeBrons efficiency is ridiculous.
Marcleen Bavogui::nobody on the cavs squad has 3 assts .. kyrie the leading PG with 1 and this is why john wall will start in the asg and kyrie will be on the bench
Jason Galley::Well right now Kyrie is murdering him in votes and seeing as he has just now started to play better ball, doesn't look that great for Wall... plus Kyrie is way better anyhow so there's that...
Marcleen Bavogui::Jason Galley wall been more consistent then kyrie.. kyrie beting him in votes is just because of exposure not because his playing better then wall u cant argue that wall has been the best pg in the east.. kyrie is way better based on what??? cause im looking at their numbers and wall has  better numbers
Ricky Coulter::based on Kyrie is a better player than Wall
David Allen::So the Heat are good at small ball and bosh spreads the offence nicely. But are they just being ignorant or arrogant, ignoring the fact they need a big inside defensive presence for the playoffs. I doubt wily veteran plays and clutch performances will get them thorough this year.  Relying on Oden is a big risk. I hope they prove me wrong.
Michael Kelley::Back to back championships without a big man might answer your questions....the question is are you being ignorant or arrogant by ignoring that fact
Alfred Martin::They will.  2010: Heat will get killed by Noah and Boozer on the boards..............Heat get to the Finals. 2011: Heat cant handle Garnett and Boston's bigs down low.............Heat get to the Finals and win first title. 2012: Hibbert and West too big too strong and will upset Heat............Heat go on to win 2nd straight title. 2013: Same old same old....................Heat......??
David Allen::As said, I hope they prove me wrong. Just seems Hibbert is getting better and Heat are staying the same.
Tazmon L'vis Sims::I realize that he is playing well, but all these minutes for Alonzo Gee seems very confusing to me....we have a number 1 pick who can play that position, but once again the growth of young players under Mike brown is still somewhat bothersome......
Alan Ogg::whered all the pacers and bulls guys go? funny how when the heat win.. they are nowhere to be found. but GOD FORBID they lost...  Everlast, guy from the UK, and guy with the Selfie... where you at?
Zee N Jason Farmer::1st game in 4 days and cavs played last night and you don't win by 20?
Marcleen Bavogui::Zee N Jason Farmer a win is win by 20 or by 1 still a W in the win collum or u to stupid to know that
TaPhawn Bryant::heat are going thru some great struggles me personally they should of done better trade movements but trying to stay loyal will cost them on the financial side.I don't think they win this year for some reason it might be a great disappointment. may need a trade d league players  for some re bounders, I also think coach don't know how to work his bench at all.
Al Sotowitz::All your English teachers just slit their collective wrists.
Josh Tritt::On pace for about a 60 win season and coming off back to back titles. Indeed the struggles have been great.
Alan Ogg::let me guess Heat bandwagon haters  heat won BUT "they should have blown out the cavs"  but if they lost "oh no! the champs wont 3 peat! arrrr!!!!!!!!!"
Jason Rohrer::Dan Gilbert should take out a full page ad guaranteeing the Cavs will win a game against the Heat before they 3-peat.
David Glickfield IV::We have been rotating good on defense lately. As long as we do that and don't turn the ball over then we can have a chance in the fourth and maybe kyrie can steal one. Let's go cavs
Jody George Prats::Heat rebound with a big win tonight. Y'all know the routine. Heat play better when the doubters come out. *back2 back
Shawn Blond::NBAtv announcer busts a nut for every heat play. Annoyingly biased
Jabari Akil::Well it is a Miami Heat broadcast
Shawn Blond::Jabari Akil really? I figured the NBAtv announcers were for the station and therefore neutral.
Nima Soleimani::Shawn Blond yeah, those are the Heat announcers. I think it's "Sun Sports" broadcasting or some sh*T
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Playing the Cavs defense is an easy fix to an offensive rump. Keep it up Wade and Bosh.
Matthew Ttam Nosredna Anderson::Love how the haters keep talking shizz about the Heat. Fan Since '88
Ed DeSalle::Why are Cleveland fans so DUMB?
Ricky Coulter::makes a lot of sense
Ed DeSalle::Ricky Coulter Thankyou.
Ricky Coulter::Ed DeSalle it was sarcasm to your dumb comment
Lester Avellan::Heat wins this game after coming from a loss. TaPhawn you couldn't be more wrong to say Pat Riley doesn't know what his doing. And to judge coach Spoelstra who out dueled coach Pop and Scott in the Finals. You couldn't be more wrong because of Cap space and lack of players to play under vets minimum. Remember Oden will not play until the end of season towards the playoff. Might only be needed for Pacers. Micheal Beasley is playing pretty good so far.
Brian Adams::Maybe the hand picked new NBA commissioner will take a look at monopolizing trade situations that have occurred that leave the playing field or court in this case, uneven and unfair...
Brian Adams::James incredibile....apparently you did not read this post....As long as it is done with integrity and within the rules of trade, I have no issues with it...The Heat did not follow the rules of engagement....
Brian Adams::TT boy....sorry that struck a cord...
