Cyril::I'm saying this as a fan, but it's games like this one that keep Roy Hibbert from establishing himself as an elite center. Even though Antic stretched the floor and caused problems for Hibbert defensively, he still should have dominated Antic on the offensive end and grabbed some rebounds.  We're talking 7'2", 285 vs. 6'11", 238.  Hibbert is in his 6th season and has never finished a season shooting 50% or better, and this game is a prime example of why he hasn't.
Cory Jones::Put Chris Copeland, Rasual Butler, and anyone else who can hit a three, because the Pacers don't seem to care.
B12::The Atlanta Hawks has have the worst Basketball management in professional Basketball, You have an under-size starting five expecting a different result every year, what are they looking at, Miami, please…  I knew when Danny Farry came in as GM it was going to be the same Ole smoke mirrors.  Things like adding guys off the scrap heap, thinking nobody watching, I will not buy another ticket until decent starting five. Finally the team draft a big guy, but he can’t play so what do you do?  Send him Europe, the end result is you have nothing you didn’t have last year expecting a different result.  The website has a large pull down menu:  for tickets  At least before you could watch Joe Johnson make Billions of dollars with no emotion going 5 for 18 every night.
David::Indiana is getting their clock cleaned so far! What's up. Atlanta is without perennial all-star center Al Horford. The Pacers should be having a relatively easy time of things. The Pacers need to hustle more. Shooting better, and defending better as a team would help too. Detroit shouldn't be shooting 50%.
Tim::This shows how well Lance Stephenson has played for the Pacers this season. He is vital to their success
Randy S::This shows you how important Stephenson overall game is for this team.  His play is right up there with George so far this year.
davidson::Miami now has home court.
Laura Walker::Not over yet, but games like this will be regretted in April if they finish behind Miami.
David::What happened to the vaunted Pacer defense? MIA? Are the Pacers taking the day off?
Hoseff::Lets expect the following cheap cHeat fans to infest pacers board esp if pacers lose, much to their delights, as they keep monitoring pacers...FEAR FEAR FEAR LOL 1) HEINZY 2) I STATE 3) FARKAS 4) AKTION PAK 5) HEAT IN 5 6) SDA 7) COREY  lets see if we will have a perfect attendance tonight lol
