34Reed34::what a game every player gave it there harfdest out on that court last night
34Reed34::hardest
DetKoolAid::dont look now but the pistons are now 9-6 in their last 15 games lol   ironically this run coincides with stuckey finally healthy from the groin injury he suffered in the beginning of the season
lilmike.2010::Now you know something needs to happen.... Not with the starting 5 but with that lame excuse of a bench. I mean how do you lose to the Pistons of all teams? I'm still trying to wrap my mind around that. I mean to be honest I forgot the Pistons we're even in the league.
a_tizzy::LOL!
xbibbyc::Glad to see the pistons with a faint pulse.
nyGiants4life91::Kobe goes 8-26, hits a game-tying shot, and his team loses in OT. He went 0-3 in OT and only 2-8 in the 4th Qtr/OT.... There's no "heroics," the guy just doesn't EVER pass the ball even when his big men are absolutely dominating.
elibird123::He had a bad shooting night it happens. There is no OT without him. He feeds Bynum &amp; Pau in the post all the time. What games have you been watching? The big men were dominating how do you think he ended up with 7 assists? Coach, lost this game. He has to coach, when your star player is not having a good night. You make it a priority to run plays for the guy's with the hot hand. He didn't. Kobe is always a priority for other teams, even when he is having an off night. Use him as the perfect decoy. Kobe is a scorer and it does not matter what he missed before, he will always think the next one is going in. Be a coach, sometimes you have to save a player from himself. I know it only happens so few times, but when it does be a coach. Just like in any other sport when your star player is having a bad game.
SoCrazyIJusMightWork::nvrmind the game tying shot @ the end of regulation that Lebron wouldve passed on lmao
Canwealljustgetalong::Freaking loser has to bring up LeBron...LMAO at your lifeless $@%!
flyingiron2463::14/56 isn't clutch. but Kobe is the "MOST" clutch in the NBA gtfoh.
elibird123::Really so, since he has taking far more that 56 shots in his career, but you want to bring up 14/56 tell me how it wasn't clutch? I mean what's situation of the 56 shots? Example: The ones that were thrown at the basket from half court? or the ones were his teammates passed it to him with 3 seconds left on the shot clock? or the ones that make me laugh, where they pass him the ball with an easy double/triple team can get him, but Kobe can you bail us out?
ZachC1965::Yet the media always plays up his heroics and leaves out the mention of '8 for 26'...  He's not even as good as Rodney Stuckey at this point, honestly...
clippsallday::Thank you Rodney Stucky. - Clippers fan.
mark35345::Sorry to be aware but....beating a Bosh-less and a Love-less team at home is great for the record But it means nothing. Some Laker fans took offense when I pointed out the Boston game: we should have won that game in four quarters - to go to overtime means we didn't play that well. Now look at the Pistons...the Celts don't have fresh legs like Stuckey and all of a sudden the post to post passing becomes non existent. Do you notice teams play zone defense on us? They don't guard Fish or Artest.
Jared Westaby::kobe bryant101..  has more than a few assists= bad game, LA usually ends up losing, and his point totals go down substantially him having 3 or less assists and his points are up there, LA wins, and its just a good game overall to watch moral of the story= Kobe, do what u know how to do, keep the ball in ur hands and score but wen in need pass; pass it and let the ball work back to u!  easy solution
ZachC1965::Yeah, it's always the coach's fault that Kobe still doesn't have a good shot selection...  Kobe has never matured as a player...still taking bad shots to the detriment of his teammates and team...
elibird123::Then you need to be an NBA coach. Why would any team throw double and triple teams at the guy on a consistent basis. I mean they should just take your advice this Kobe kid isn't that good. He just shoot his team out of the game. Let's just play one on one D and keep the ball out of the other players hands!
SoCrazyIJusMightWork::5 rings not bad for a player who never matured
elibird123::Kobe is a scorer and it does not matter how many times he misses, he will always think the next one is going in. It is the coaches job to reel him in, when he's having an off night. The coach must have them run the plays in a different direction. The coach should have had them run more sets for Bynum &amp; Gasol, since they had it going.
PutYouOn::jeremylinbetterthanrosenbryant Top Tier PGs   Rose, CP3,Lin     2nd Tier   Westbrook, Rondo,, Lawson, D will,kyrie     3rd Tier   Nash, Jennings, Wall, Evans, Lowry, Curry, Rubio   4th Tier  ,Holiday, stephenson, Collison, Teague, Stuckey, Parker  CAN YOU BELIEVE THIS GUY WOW
Jared Westaby::oh i didnt understand, that is a terrible list, first off rubio should be higher and nash probably should be too just because nash is actually having an alright year where he is just flying under the radar, lin should not be up there by any means, rondo should be in his spot instead
PutYouOn::OH HELL NO I DIDNT MAKE THAT LIST,,,,SOME DUMB DELUSIONAL LIN FAN DID..I COULDNT BELIEVE IT
Jared Westaby::i like how u say jeremy lin better thatn rose and bryant and then go on to talk about point gaurds
grapenutz78::This video tells u all u need to know about Kobe  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B9KBixLADdQ
elibird123::LOL that is funny, but one hell-of-a savvy move. An insecure young guy is going to try and move; forget the position Kobe has, he has his hand on my booty! If he mans up and continues to fight for the post, Kobe has him locked and sealed. Good call ref, if you missed that one the guy would have been toast.
bronsonbrooks::Kobe sucks and is an as_s hole...look at this video, it accurately depicts what a selfish and terrible person he is.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8T000p6vtTM
34Reed34::i dont see you in the NBA do i  so you dont have anything to say
elibird123::You suck and You are an a.s.shole
bronsonbrooks::about 40 secs in
yabbadetroit716::Haha pistons ftw
grapenutz78::Kobe losing his jock last night  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-Cat9tgpXA
cellus24::Kobe last night on kcal 9 in Los Angeles talking about the lost and the mask he had to wear. I hated that black one it was not doing anything for him lol http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Tcx3LMRN9k&amp;feature=channel
grapenutz78::Kobe losing his jock last night  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-Cat9tgpXA
Captain_Obvious2416::This game falls all on the PATHETIC LAKERS BENCH!!! They are ALL garbage except for Goudelock and maybe Barnes. Every one of these $@%!$@%! need to GO IMMEDIATELY!!
pjreiter::Easy there cowboy.  The bench is weak to be sure but it's not like we can really go out and grab anyone better.  Suggestions?
pjreiter::Dumb trade.
Captain_Obvious2416::Beasly, Sessions, you can make that trade with Houston for Pau Gasol that will bring in Martin off the bench. The Lakers have options.
NicholasJMyers::The NBA sucks. All they do is shoot jump shots
CheerstoLilWayne::except stuckey
Cadillac-Too-Cold::Losing to the Piston is bad, like losing to the Bobcats in the past, but this isn't the first sign of the Apocalypse
tja52::Pistons surprisingly havent been playing bad ball as of late. Earlier in the season they were terrible, at least now they can put up a fight and have a chance to win.
Matt02313::Lol. I watched the highlights on sportscenter. Guess the lakers aren't that important this season.
Matt02313::It was black the first half of this game. Pay attention.
elibird123::He took it off after the  1st quarter and went with the clear one the rest of the game.
pjreiter::Really?  I'll have to check my DVR because I don't remember that. I guess I was too focused on the actual game.
kobeoverhyped::Very true--the first sign was the black mask.
pjreiter::Kobe never wore a black mask.  I don't know how that rumor got started.  His mask has been clear from day one.
OFrog::Welcome to the Jim Buss era. Fredo needs to be taken on a fishing trip or the Lakers will never win anything.
boom.shaka.::Yep.  If you can't be the best team in the league after a few months in a strike shortened season with holes at the #1 and #3 then YOU SUCK!!!!
OFrog::Holes that are bottomless. And what did they bring in to fill those holes? More holes. This is the thinnest Laker roster I have ever seen in 35+ years of watching them.
kobeoverhyped::LA loses to Detroit? Great leadership that team must have in their "star" Kobe Bryant. Stars don't let their teams lose on the road to train wrecks like the Pistons. Stars don't keep throwing up bricks when they have a big man down low who is dominating. Trade Kobe for Dwight Howard and lets rebuild!
CheerstoLilWayne::Pistons aren't a "train wreck" anymore.
Pistons1227::yea but everybody overlooks them because of their record. they started horrible, but are only a few games out of the playoffs...
Captain_Obvious2416::Did you even watch the game?? The starters played well. How in the heck are you suppose to win games when your pathetic second unit ONLY contributes SEVEN POINTS???
kobeoverhyped::Good point Crawn but I would still trade for Howard and Rondo and begin the rebuilding process.
gogata1987::hey dou.che the Heat w/ 3 "stars" lost to Milwaukee twice...it's the NBA it happens
crawnjc1982::why trade one cry baby for another?
fathale::All the good will from a nice win on Sunday flushed down the toilet with that humiliating loss in Detroit last night. These Lakers are pathetic. The era is over.
fathale::Thats why I said "nice" win, not "great". Get it?
crawnjc1982::and the only reason they won on sunday is due to the fact that there was no chris bosh.
Rondo is a Bum::I'm tired of dumb NBA fans saying that Boston is too old to win another championship. If you morons would do some research, you would know that NBA champions are usually older more experienced teams. Just look at the last 5 champs and tell me what they have in common.  2011- Dallas-(Oldest team in the NBA last year)  2010-LA Lakers - (Old, experienced team)  2009-LA Lakers- (Old, experienced team)  2008-Boston- (Old, experienced team)  2007- SA Spurs- (Old, experienced team)    So for you morons who keeps saying that Boston, SA and La are to old to compete for a title, I'm not listening to your BS anymore until a young team wins it. Boston has as good of a chance as Miami or Chicago to win it. Playoff ball is about clutch shots and defense, grinding out tough, close games. Boston plays great defense and they can still grind out games. They've seen every playoff situation and still have clutch players in PP, Ray, and KG to make clutch shots. Rondo is smart and Doc is probably the best or 2nd best coach (behind Pop) in the NBA.
pjreiter::I agree that experience matters but the problem is that MIami and OKC have had a lot of playoff experience the last couple years or so.  At some point the tide has to turn and I think that it may be soon.  The Lakers and SA may have one last push for a title but after that it looks like they will need to rebuild.
elibird123::Miami, yes. A lot of the players have been in the playoffs a lot of times. OKC, not really. A couple of years is not a lot of playoff experience, but enough to know what it is like.
boom.shaka.::It has less to do with their age and more to do with their roster.
gogata1987::Miami's going to win the next 6...including that c-ship they won last yr that LeBum promised
Rondo is a Bum::nope
fathale::Only a fool thinks Boston has a chance to win it.
Rondo is a Bum::Nope, this season is crazier than most, moron.
crawnjc1982::what the hell kind of a three was kobe taking with 6 sec. left in OT? he just jacked it up like there was.06 sec left. SMH.
Cadillac-Too-Cold::He probably thought they were going to intentionally foul him instead of let him set up for the 3.
elibird123::Exactly. He thought they were coming with the quick foul to take away the 3 shot. So thinking that he did not turn and face up naturally, instead tried to catch, twist, &amp; shoot causing the shot to look awkward
crawnjc1982::Yeah, it was weird to see that. But funny as well.
mnk191981::I thought it was weird the way he shot it as well--kicking his feet out and jacking up the quick 3. My initial thought was that he just wanted to get up a quick 3 in case you need more time to get up another or foul
kobeoverhyped::Kobe proved once again last night why he is overrated. He shoots, shoots, shoots, and shoots. That is the extent of his game. He makes a shot at the end of the game after going 7 for 22 and everyone gets excited. Less than 33% is horrible--Kobe needs to learn how to pass once in a while.
elibird123::Kobe proved once again.... if you really want to know his game.  http://www.lakersuniverse.com/kobe/kobe_bryant_gamelogs.htm
bronsonbrooks::the Lakers are terrible and have a terrible coach
bronsonbrooks::and a terrible PG and bench
grapenutz78::Lmao @ Kobe with the black mask! This dude is so corny
elibird123::I hope he figures out what's wrong with it. That mask was so cool.  P.S. How are the spiked multi-color hair or dumb lobe/nose piercings or ridiculous amount of tattoos.....etc. I don't laugh when I see you fools walking around....OK that's a damn lie you all look stupid and dumb as hell and I LMAO, but I won't in your face out of respect for your choice  to do your thing.  It's his choice let him do his thing.
grapenutz78::I was waiting for the black zorro cape too
kobeoverhyped::Kobe Bryant--the "black mamba"--the only player to have such a big ego that he has to give himself his own nickname.
elibird123::How many nicknames has Shaq given himself over the years?  Please why don't you just quit it hater. Don't you get it you fighting and arguing a constant losing battle
Rondo is a Bum::LMAO!!!!!
NotEvenMad::"I can score all day, doesn't matter how big they are"   Can't carry your team to a win though, huh?
mnk191981::As a Pistons fan, I dont think you Lakers should trade Bynum or Gasol. The one advantage you have over all other teams is the Twin Towers. Keep it that way. Bynum was beyond dominant last nite and made Monroe look like a JV player amongst the big boys. Big Ben did a heck of a job on Bynum though with his craftiness. Overall great game to watch. We actually had a sold out crowd.
Pistons1227::jdiddy lol whata dumba$$
JDiddy8720::I liked everything you said until you mentioned the sellout.... you do realize that ONLY happened because the Lakers were in town?
mnk191981::Exactly...
DetKoolAid::yes he does, thats why he said "WE ACTUALLY had a sold out crowd" hence the stress on we actually because it usually hasnt happened over the last 2 years
smoothcriminalXD::How is it that the lakers are he best hoome team yet the worst road team smh
Saints8365::Like the Saints :)
bgeelove::I'm a Kobe fan but he should've not been taking all those 3's and should've been giving the ball to a dominant, unstoppable Bynum last night. Speaking of Kobe, why can't David Stern stop hating on him. A 40.000 fine after being injured in the Allstar game is ridiculous.
pjreiter::Stern is a grade A jacka$$.  This Kobe fine is just the latest example of how big Stern's ego has become.  He's forgotten that the NBA is about the players not stroking his ego.
pjreiter::Let's all welcome back the Jekyll and Hyde Lakers!  I just can't believe they didn't pull away more in the 3rd quarter and let them hang around.  If the Lakers can't win these type of games then I truly don't think we can even consider them a contender this year.  Brown needs to man up and tell Kobe to knock off the hero act in the last 5 minutes.  Sure he may win a few games doing this but more often than not it's killing the Lakers.
boom.shaka.::Hard to pull away when you can't get production from the bench -- it forces the starters to stay in longer and expend even more energy.
thegameisback1591::bynum needs to kick out more sometimes
boom.shaka.::I like James Worthy because he doesn't work for the Lakers -- he works for their broadcast partner.  He summed it up best:   - when a guy is 13-18 FEED HIM THE ROCK - this is the Lakers -- a very good home team but an awful road team - it's up to the coaching staff to take the ball out of Kobe's hands because he's just not going to do it on his own.
pjreiter::Yeah, I like Big Game James.  I also dig the way he stares down the camera. Worthy's announcing skills make Magic look like a buffoon.
boom.shaka.::Don't get me wrong...I still want the ball in Kobe's hands at the end of the game or when the offense stalls, but Bynum has improved enough to regularly get 20 looks a game....and that's a big change from early in the season when he struggled with the double team.
pjreiter::The problem isn't the number of looks for Bynum, it's the fact that with 2 or 3 minutes left Kobe decides he's the only player on the team and forces up some horrible shots or turns the ball over.  In other words, let's get some good looks for Bynum down the stretch.  IMHO, that's the real issue.
JDiddy8720::^^^ Yup
JDiddy8720::I am a Kobe and a Lakers fan but I agree. Bynum was dominant last night and should have got more touches. Absolutely agree.
thegameisback1591::true but 7pts from the bench 8pts between metta and fish smh
Saints8365::Big Game Worthy lol
Saints8365::Maybe. If World Peace can atleast average 10 points a game and Fisher atleast 5pts a game. Mayb we would win more
JDiddy8720::Metta got fried by Rodney last night...smh. And the zone was terrible. It won't happen again.
Saints8365::Hopefully
Lindin1100::its funny how Kobe thought the black mask was the problem and that switching it would make things better lol
JDiddy8720::This coming from a guy who's screen name refers to a guy who can't even control the basketball...lol
thegameisback1591::Let me rephrase that kobe druw and pau no one else if they were to get better parts at the other positions and the bench kobe shots would decrease, agree?
JDiddy8720::Maybe. Did you see the 5 on 5 trade thing for the Lakers? I liked one of the proposed deals they had. I want to keep Gasol but if they were going to move him, the 3 team deal with the Nets &amp; Bucks will help the Lakers in other areas.
boom.shaka.::So if everybody on the team were suddenly better, would he take fewer shots?  Yes.  LOL.
thegameisback1591::i mean when he had trev and lo, and shannon, he wasnt just jacking up the shots that he is doing now. His shot attempts were under 20
Saints8365::kobe still the man.
Global Warming 2012::Brick Mamba
knowlto::lol at Knight's stat line.
thegameisback1591::If Kobe had a better team isntead of Druw and Pau, his shots attempts would go down agree?
edelspot::How much better do you want? How many other teams got two 7-footers with a solid offensive game? Use em!!
boom.shaka.::Depends.  If guys could hit open looks, then probably.  If it was just better play from the front line - which has actually been pretty good this season - then no, because the ball would still go inside-out at the same frequency.
Global Warming 2012::No way Jose 25 shots a game regardless
Nic spal88::The lakers need to drop every player on their bench but Goudelock! Fisher and Blake are horrible their production is terrible they both need to be traded!
boom.shaka.::For whom?  Can't get valuable for "horrible" players with "terrible" production.
boom.shaka.::What happend to all the fools who thought the Lakers -5 or -6 was "easy money" yesterday?
Bryan.Stevenson::wow, good win pistons. What happend to the lakers? Bynum put up 30.. what did Kobe do?
smoothcriminalXD::i believe he sent the game into overtime at least watch the video before you comment
Bryan.Stevenson::haha i take it kobe was not kobe for this game.
boom.shaka.::No, he was Kobe - had some good makes but also forced some bad shots.
boom.shaka.::More like, "what did  the bench do"?
Sgonzo10::i could of sworn that espn was rantting about how the lakers figuered it all out after beating an incomplete heat team and then they lose to the pistons S/O to espn home of "in the heat of the moment" sports coverage
Sgonzo10::do you watch espn ? im done with you your selective hearing is annoying stupid $@%!$@% laker fan
boom.shaka.::Proving, once again, that fools love to dish it out but hate to take it.
Sgonzo10::whos talking smack im stating facts here it if i wanted to talk smack i would say that unless your lakers can some how get dwight howard then their fish in a barrel and the heat have a 12 gauge shotgun so suck on that clown
boom.shaka.::But you said ESPN was "ranting" about the Lakers.....they weren't.
DerekDalton93::stop talking dumb!!!!
Sgonzo10::you think they should?
boom.shaka.::No, just clowning you and your pathetic attempt to talk smack.
boom.shaka.::Really?  Cuz I just read on ESPN yesterday that the Lakers should trade Kobe.
boom.shaka.::And yes....the "chucker" led the team in assists.  Again.
Rondo is a Bum::I know the shot Kobe took at the end of OT wasn't that great but he was about to get fouled. I think he saw someone coming up to foul him so he threw it up towards to rim but then Prince never put his hands out to foul Kobe so it looked like a bad shot, but it would've been a smart play by Kobe.
mnk191981::I thought it was weird the way he shot it as well--kicking his feet out and jacking up the quick 3. My initial thought was that he just wanted to get up a quick 3 in case you need more time to get up another or foul
boom.shaka.::Worthy was calling out Kobe last night after the game, saying, "it's great when he can do it, but it's really embarrassing when he can't" and that the Lakers need to feed Bynum more.
kcf17::Bynum can't reach his potential on this team as long as it still runs through Kobe, which it will until he leaves, 43% fg. and dropping be damned, Kobe wants to catch Kareem
boom.shaka.::stoopid server
boom.shaka.::Bynum isn't ready to carry the load yet, but he's improved a lot over the course of the season.  If you put the ball in his hand, there will be lost possessions while he learns on the job.
Jason Terry765::Id have to say last night was a night that Kobe really needed to shoot less but what about how soft Pau is at the end of games and the bad pass,im growin sick of him..
Jason Terry765::what bench,Brown needs to try something new like McRoberts or Luke just do something new
Jason Terry765::what bench,Brown needs to try something new like McRoberts or Luke just do something new
boom.shaka.::Gasol had a rough stretch toward the end, but otherwise played well last night.  I'm more concerned about 7 points from the bench and 0-5 3 pters from Ron World Peace
Jason Terry765::This a very sad loss,we need to make a move to get a PG caz EVERY PG n the league just go to work on us,who knew Stuckey was with the Pistons,sad just sad.
boom.shaka.::What a sucky loss.  Oh well, still tied for first in the Pacific.
