Rody8946::the knicks are turrible.
NyKnicksFan03::Trade Fields and Douglas to the suns for Nash.
nycpratl::Cap numbers don't match.  And Phoenix can get a lot more than that elsewhere
pistonfanstill::Pistons are not going anywhere but further down with Frank.  The hire of Frank suggests an almost total ignorance of NBA history and Detroit fans should now be aware of just how much was lost when Bill Davidson died.  Gore maybe a great businessman in other areas but the decision to hire Frank only means that the Pistons have taken the Lions place as permanent doormats.  The Nets fired a successful Byron Scott on crybaby's Jason Kidd's insistence and hired Frank who led them to the dumps they still remain in.  That was Frank getting a Championship caliber team which had back to back Finals.  Now what is he going to do with an already bad Pistons team?  End the farce now, this season is lost so fire Frank and get a real coach not some assistant clipboard fantasy come true Faker. The only skill Frank has is in convincing naive NBA owners to hire him as a Head Coach.  No other team hired him as a Head Coach after he left the Nets. Dont blame the players, the 2004 Pistons proved a team of nobodies and rejects can win a championship and be a premier team against a league of superstars.  Get rid of Frank.
nycpratl::Unfairly tough on Frank.  He didn't have a good enough team in NJ to compete and they ultimately stripped away the talent he had to save money.  He has much less to work with in Detroit right now.  By most accounts Frank works hard and prepares as well as any other available coach.  Dumars has shown that he can be a skilled executive putting together quality teams. I'd give Frank a break.  It could be worse.  You could be a Knick fan (like me) and endure almost 40 years of management incompetence and buffonery.
stone419::couldnt disagree more, the 2004 pistons were not a bunch of nobodies. sure they didnt have one superstar, but they had 5 allstars. Red Auerbach couldnt coach this team to a championship. Also, i think lawrence frank is a good coach and fits well with this team
fearthaCUSE::Trade Toney Douglas
nycpratl::You won't get anything for him
lourdesbaseball::Reading these things are tough because every comment seems to paraphrase what every espn guy says "oh the knicks cant play defense".  I'm not disputing the knicks defensive struggles but if you want to pretend you know anything at least say something original instead of parroting john barry or whatever his name is.
nycpratl::Knicks have ranked at or near bottom of almost every defensive stat for years.  So far more of the same.  That Charlotte game was sickening watching a bloated Boris Diaw score at will.  Chandler was supposed to fix that.
edl129::TRADE DOUGLAS
Rody8946::who would want Tony douglas? maybe the D league.
jondoe2008::is mike bibby injured or out of shape?  or he's just  old?  i havent been watching knick games.........but......... how is Mike D'antoni not giving many minutes to a player who been consistent on his game?  geesh.
Thetimpanikid16::he's only looked good the last 2 games (in which he's gotten more minutes and Douglas fewer) so he'll be fine off the bench with Shump starting at the 1
_misterfurious::Mike Bibby cannot play starter minutes at this stage of his career. He couldn't do it last year which is why even though he started for Miami for stretches, Chalmers played more minutes.
KnicksJetsIslesYanks71::Attention Knicks fans....we will never win...we have no hope and we suck...no defense...blah blah BLAH ME!! GO KNICKS! -All other fans
BustaRhymesYo::How many times does it take for a person to say the same thing over and over? "Knicks dont play defense" "They cant contend cause they play no defense" You dont think Knicks fans already heard this from everyone else who doesnt watch knicks games and just see highlights on espn? On top of that.. those who just take what every analyst says on espn but doesnt actually watch the games. Its just the same ol' topics over and over again. We get it.. would u like to share something else?
Rody8946::we look at the stats. the stats show the knicks play no defense.
edl129::Iman is nice on D!
DavidCdxy::Which is why Harrellson can chuck up so many threes and stay in the game. He's the best defender on the Knicks.
bronxbomber62::Exactly.  It is really tiresome to hear these fools, including the bandwagon Knick fans, ape the same crap over and over.  A couple of days ago the trolls were on the fact that the Knicks were losing.  Then they beat a couple of teams and they say the Knicks can't beat a good tem (already beat Boston if that counts).  It is so easy to keep saying they won't win a championship because they don't play defense when the season is 8 games old.  There is no defense for an uninformed opinion.
Count_IT33::Only 1 complaint - 3P Made-Attempted 	8-28 (.286) - They need to stop shooting so many 3's
Thetimpanikid16::if they're missing good open shots, I don't mind. As long as there's ball movement, it's totally ok. Sooner or later, they'll figure it out all game (no toney douglas) and make more shots. would like to see the knicks go a good roll after these two wins
KnicksJetsIslesYanks71::Correction....they need to stop MISSING so many 3's
Luclongley_MVP::I am really impressed the Pistons already have two wins and its still January.
KnicksJetsIslesYanks71::D Rose it NOT MJ you troll...oh yeah...deep dish pizza sucks!
Go Laker Nation::Unfortunately for the NY fans this Knicks team is setup to fail b/c it cannot play Defense. Tyson Chandler was a good idea but he is not instantly going to have the same effect as he did on the Mavericks.   Imo Knicks need to go back to being the hard nosed gritty defensive team they used to be known for being...signing soft run and gun coaches and one dimensional players will not get it done. Not trying to bash the Knicks...I'd like it if they were really in the mix...it would make the NBA better
Thetimpanikid16::before you talk about basketball, understand how the game works. Understand where the weakness comes from. Don't state the obvious and say the Knicks don't play defense. We get that....we know!! But maybe next time, ask yourself why don't they play the way they want to. Inconsistent offensive play (forced shots) lead to easy fast breaks and that's why they struggle.
Thetimpanikid16::this comment is full of s***. You know how the Knicks will be good? I've been saying it throughout this entire board since the game started. Ball movement and solid PG play will lead to easy and good shots. You make shots, your perimeter D can set up. When you take bad shots as in bad three pointers and bad one on one play, long rebounds and fast break points. Why do you think the Knicks give up so much in the paint? I don't care if it's the Pistons. The Knicks played fundamental basketball last night and that's what I believe is key to a solid team. We don't need Melo to score 35 points a game. He'll get his 20 points but they need to play as a team and with Shumpert starting and being able to create offense for everyone (i.e driving, dishing and swishing to quote Walt Frazier) that's going to benefit all aspects of the game including defense.
Tomer024::He's not jealous, dude.  They're a soft team.  And I have an issue with both of your posts, actually.  OP, the Knicks can't change their identity because they are locked into their personnel (Amare, Melo), so there is no going back, now.  This is who they are and honestly their lineup is not going to change much over the years, until one of the "big 3" contracts  expires.  They have no backcourt and are placing their basketball aspirations on Baron Davis??  They will be a playoff team for years to come, but they'll never be a contender.
stone419::and even if you are right and that team cannot win, all their contracts expire in 4 years and we can try again
KnicksJetsIslesYanks71::Seriouly? you are condemning the Knicks hopes for years to come? They will have the same roster forever? Baron Davis is this year because we have to go the way MIA went....where did Bibby play last year? Oh...MIA figured it out and look like a real deep team huh? But that won't happen for the Knicks....I get it. When you want to sound intellectual...and critique someone....come with the truth...not the bias you have for NY fans having hope in there team. You are no better than the OP. JEALOUS...of what I have no idea. But thanks for informing that a team with 'Melo Amare and Chandler have no future. What were we thinkin?
MarcusXP50::Why are you so jealous of the Knicks?
KnicksJetsIslesYanks71::Why are you here? To remind us that we're not the Lakers? I know you're not here to support us for finally escaping the horror we suffered as fans. You have some nerve acting like you didn't come here to take us down a peg. LA fans crack me up...they act like they are giving you a compliment a they tell you you'll never be as good as them. U mad the Yankees play in NY?
Go Laker Nation::that is what you got from my post? haha
pepe101245::To even compare this team to the Heat is a joke.  A 4 year old will be found playing more D than these clowns.
MarcusXP50::Before Lebron and Bosh arrived there were no Heat fans.
pepe101245::Who said I was a Heat fan? Just saying Knicks are def the most overrated team in the NBA.
Go Laker Nation::Lakers can't win on Christmas in recent years no matter who they play and I will believe the Heat are good if they actually win something meaningful
pepe101245::The lakers would get embarrassed by the Heat.... As I recall Christmas Day last year? The Lakers didnt even stand  a chance you know it, this whole boards knows it, and the whole world knows it.
Go Laker Nation::huh? I have 0 or they have 0......?  lol
pepe101245::Coming from a die-hard Laker fan. You really cant take anything you say seriously because they have 0 knowledge about anything basketball.
Go Laker Nation::Heat are.....I say Knicks and Clippers tied for number 2
Go Laker Nation::Heat fans just started watching the NBA when lebron and bosh went there
krazyfan2000::Exactly!! The majority of Heat fans just became fans last year..
MarcusXP50::And your team lost in the finals last year after proclaming themselves the dream team..
pepe101245::I'll tell you that your team got swept by 40 year old Celtics last year. And you know why? Sissy defense.
MarcusXP50::The Knicks may not win the championship this year because they're still rebuilding but they're gonna be very dangerous. You need to stop hatin and give them their due clown.
wasted_101::tell me more
MarcusXP50::When Baron Davis gets back from injury the Knicks are gonna be a pretty big deal in the eastern conference.
wasted_101::laker time is done
Go Laker Nation::he cant play d either
t_ripley::second coming=jesus like, get a education $@%!$
stone419::second coming of point guards? that doesnt even make any sense
Thetimpanikid16::last time I checked the Lakers were 5-4....
t_ripley::people are acting like B.Davis is our second coming of Point Guards....to eventually only be let down by how out of shape he will be, i dont get it
Go Laker Nation::The moment I found out the Knicks hired Mike D'Antoni as their head coach was the same moment I knew they would not win a championship  Gotta raise hell over there and get that guy fired guys
MarcusXP50::true
Go Laker Nation::I would take a shot at talking Jerry Sloan into the job although it would probably never happen for a variety of reasons
zootallday13::rather them go after phil, which is probably just as unlikely
zootallday13::if they don't win this year I'm sure the knicks wont bring him back
MarcusXP50::This Shumpert kid is the real deal....I like his ability, basketball IQ, and defensive intensity.
Thetimpanikid16::simple.....penetration and dishing to the wings. 3-5 passes a possession will lead to a good shot. The only thing Douglas is good for is passing to Melo for 1 on 1 play. Doesn't bring anything to the game.
MarcusXP50::Yea and he's only gonna get better as the season progresses.
zootallday13::and he can pass the ball unlike douglas
wasted_101::changes the complete defense for the knicks its crazy.
wasted_101::iman shumpert for rookie of the year.if he can control other teams point guards from coming into the lane. allowing everybody to stay on there man im feeling the vibe
t_ripley::can def. agree with this
Go Laker Nation::So when are the Knicks going to get some players who can win them a championship??
pjazzr::It's about how you play as a TEAM that will win it. Knowing how to rotate, seeing the open man.  Thinking as a whole and not parts.  you can keep bringing in players all you want that does not mean you will win the RING.
Go Laker Nation::Melo is a all scoring and nothing else....intangibles are very weak  LA has players who are proven to be back to back champions, so not sure what the hell you are talking about
Thetimpanikid16::3 blocks and a steal. Actually he has the potential to be a good perimeter defender. Again, learn the game before you talk about it.
Go Laker Nation::i'm not buying melo as being on kobe's level....it takes more than playing with shaq and scoring points
zootallday13::melo has never played with players as good as kobe has, iverson and melo were a bad fit and iverson was past his prime.
Go Laker Nation::haha....you think it is that easy huh  comedy
zootallday13::lol yeah right, if shaq can carry kobe to a title he coulda carried melo to one
Go Laker Nation::no rings if he did  he is too one dimensional
zootallday13::well melo wasn't luck enough to play with shaq, then to play with pau and bynum
zootallday13::they have melo, better than anyone LA has
t_ripley::kobe.....bryant?
MarcusXP50::Well championships don't happen overnight but they're definitely on the right track.
wasted_101::worry about the lakers losing the city to the clippers
stone419::well if we dont know anything about LA than you dont know anything about NY
Thetimpanikid16::who wants to live in LA....
Go Laker Nation::my point exactly....you don't know what you are talking about regarding the lakers "losing" the city to the clippers
wasted_101::i live in new york the city that never sleeps
Go Laker Nation::obviously you don't live in Southern California b/c if you did you would know that would NEVER happen
MarcusXP50::Nice win by the Knicks.
t_ripley::COMING FROM A KNICKS FAN..this is pure mediocrity at its finest, no type of offense identity, letting go of Billups was not the move to make because now we have no "floor general" to run the court in a true guard fashion...Douglas and Bill Walker jacking three's doesn't help the cause at all, there is no reason we should be 8-28 from beyond the arc. How could melo not even score 20 when most of the Pistons starters didn't even play??? We have to get it together defensively and I doubt that happens at all...smh fellow Knicks nation prepare to watch the playoffs from the sidelines because many teams are up and coming in the east for instance THE PACERS
Cool7boy2004::t_ripley is a complete joke. clearly hasn't watched a game this season. just sounds stupid complaining that melo had less than 20 in a blowout who the $@%! cares. are we that good right now? not the greatt but the strides we've taken in 2 games is pretty substantial if we keep improving like that theres not telling how good we can be. watch us beat miami the first time we play them. D wade is going to be locked in prison by shumpert we finally have someone who can match him toe to toe athletically and theres not too many players in this league i can say that about.
t_ripley::yall dont understand,WE played our best game...against BACKUPS
zootallday13::also t ripley melo wasn't shooting very good so he started passing, he had 7 assists tonight, quit complaining man this is the best player you guys have had in a while
wasted_101::too bad atlanta backed out, not the knicks
zootallday13::should I like my own post too?
zootallday13::knicks didn't want to give up douglas
zootallday13::knicks had a chance to get crawford, they could have got him in a sign in trade for douglas. they should have done that.
wasted_101::yea lol
MarcusXP50::Maybe he doesn't have cable..he probably listens to the games on AM radio.
zootallday13::omg I'm sick of everyone crying about billups, he's not even that good.  He's like a career 40% shooter he just flops and gets to the free throw line, Baron Davis is better than him, no one knows how good the knicks will be then
juaaaan44::He probably has time warner lol
MarcusXP50::Agreed....this t_ripley doesn't have a clue. The Knicks played their best game of the year and this guy complains. Go figure.
t_ripley::our best game AGAINST BACKUPS,4/5 starters hurt for the Pistons or did you miss that memo too?
wasted_101::too bad iman shumpert is making the knicks look alot better. upgrade your cable and watch the game first.
juaaaan44::Did you watch today's game?...  It's 8 games into the season and they finally look like they are gelling.  Last year's Knicks started slow and then what, they won 13 out of 14 games.  One word my friend, RELAX!  Shumpert in the starting lineup = 1-0 record by blowout.  Billups was horrible on the Knicks and he could never run the speedball offense.  B-diddy &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Billups for this Knicks team.  He just needs to be healthy.
Rand0687::I knew the Knicks won when the trolls were popping up on other pages.
BOPPAZ AND CHOPPAZ::GO KNICKS!! FU CK THE HATERS!!
cornell032778::Anybody who cared even remotely about the Lions wouldn't be at a pointless Pistons game when they were in the playoffs. Hell I'm a huge knicks fan and I watched more of the football game than this game
The Big Stroonzo::Hurry Knicks, get out of Detroit before you get mugged.
pistonpower313::the palace of auburn hills is in auburn hills, michigan. auburn hills is well outside of detroit. in fact, auburn hills is actually one of the richest cities in michigan.
cherryandwhite111::Its never a good thing to just build your team on big names.  At least Miami is building on what they have, and please NY dont compare your self to Miami.  The Sixers now rule the East, followed by the old NY Knicks and old celtics.  What a joke!!!!!!!
Gamham34::The sixers can suck every NY knicks dick.
cherryandwhite111::This NY team is a joke.  They are slightly old and could care less about defense.  I will say on this post that i am a sixers fan and they look like the best team in their divison.  The Knicks have a few big names, but just wait to you face the Sixers.  It will be a joke.  Its already over for the Knicks.
tmor311::slightly old?
Gamham34::Are you high??? The knicks are going to be good this season and they all are still not healthy. But guess what when they all are healthy we will be amazing. And the sixers suck $@%. Because now that allen iverson left your team, you are nothing but a bad team that anybody can care less about....
KeepHatingOnMelo::pieces are coming together for the Knicks: shump, then davis. Knicks backcourt will run past Miami, Chicago, and Boston.
triviakingpin2011::lets go SIXERS!!!!!!!!
crazyhorse1020::lets go KNICKS!!!!
RipOnDetroitCityHaventHeardThat1B4::Tay$hit princess 4 points and 2 rebounds with his 7 foot wingspan. Pathetic, he's a joke. He's completely overrated. He hasn't played Defense in 6 years. He's a career 12.8 points per game, WHY THE F did dumars sign him to 4 years and $27 million? And why is ben wallace still on this team???? why not bring back chauncey billups, lindsay hunter, and corliss williamson????
saralee509::agree with ya rip.... will not go to a game all year
ginzy65::anyone ever been to old garden?when they had the double headers and nedicks next door.
ginzy65::any of you nick fans think they could make a run.think twice.no D.
gchilds@onebox.com::Joe D asleep at the wheel with this bunch!
antistratfordian::Yesterday he was brilliant, today Melo needs 14 shots for 13 points.  That about sums the guy up.
JTrain_to_theGarden::ya he was beat after playing so hard the last couple of games just two nights apart.  He made up for it with his passing.  Personally, I'm glad that we can win without him going nuts offensively.  He also sat out a lot of the fourth
bigzo78::yea we looked much better on offense without him going 1 on 1 iso all the time the ball movement was great today i hope the knicks continue to play like this
bigzo78::he played hurt and also he had 7 assist which was huge
NyKnicksFan03::Have a Great Night My Fellow Knick fans.  time to Whoop some @zz on NBA 2k12  Go Knicks.. lol
Gatormattman::Let's beat a good team and then I will jump back on the bandwagon
ginzy65::wizards will work for the knicks.lets go BKLYN NETS.how do they put this bunch together.it will be easier to put me together.
TVD22::Boston?
NyKnicksFan03::We Have to start beating the Bad Teams first. lol
RileyOBryant1::I actually still really like Toney Douglas. He has his off nights, but he nights where he is ON FIRE just as often. He's a defensive monster as well. He has the ability to make or break a game, he just needs to learn how to do the prior more often. Should two consecutive off nights really determine a player's fate with his team? Come on guys, Toney is the real deal.
kabokeyz::i dont  get people calling douglas a defender?.  In the playoffs  rondo ate him up.. and so far this season he cant stay in front of ANYONE, he is not a good on ball defender. he might hit the passing lane here and there but that doesnt make him good on defense.
speckd02::shumpert is better
MEEENMACHINE::The Knicks wouldn't know the meaning of a breakaway layup w/o TD . You guys don't understand X's and O's . Bibby and Billups wouldn't have the legs to get ahead of the field for an easy breakaway basket. Breakaway attempts are 75% efficient, compared to 1/2 court sets that are 40% efficient . Think about , how important it is to have someone to get out ahead and more importantly how many more you would have if the team concentrated on D . Someone won the MVP last year by making 1/2 his made shots in the open field..He'd be a 25% shooter w/o the D giving him breakaway layups.
RileyOBryant1::Haha okay, Toney CAN be the real deal. He'd do better in a system that incorporates quick, scoring point guards.
NyKnicksFan03::I agree Tony is a Good player, He's not a starter though.  He is better off coming off the bench and giving us an Spark.
RileyOBryant1::Yeah, does seem to be much more consistent as a bench player. He doesn't deal well with having responsibilities as a starting PG.
dboysupreme626::$@%!$@% Hilarious LOL
1cremedelacreme::UR A REAL JOKE !
NyKnicksFan03::Knicks have a descent Bench.. We as Knicks fans are just very hungry for some wins and a tittle that we get too impatient.  Last years team started out 3-8 and they went on a nice run before all the Mello Trade Talk.  I think had we not made the Mello trade, that started to gel and would of won 50 games easily.  But of course i'm happy with the Mello trade.. He's the Best all around Scorer in the NBA.
NyKnicksFan03::Thanks.
Knickerbockers.MTA::Well said, bro.  Glad you have some perspective.
1cremedelacreme::DOES ANY1 KNOW HOW i COULD WATCH THE KNiCKS GAMES CUZ i.M A TiME WARNER CABLE CUSTOMER...SO iS THERE ANY FREE LiVE STREAMiNG U COULD TELL ME &amp; OTHERS OF THE LiKE ABOUT ??? THANX.
1cremedelacreme::THE KNiCKS GAMES ARE EVEN BLOCKED OUT ON THE NBA PACKAGE !!!
bigzo78::http://www.firstrow.tv/...... u can stream every game online from this site just plug the hdmi into your tv and you are good. thats how i watch the games since i moved to atlanta
1cremedelacreme::iS iT FREE???
Knickerbockers.MTA::Does Time Warner offer the NBA package?
Knickerbockers.MTA::Switch providers, man.  It'll be worth it!
NYsFinest987::Does anyone else think Harrelson is a pretty decent back up? I didn't expect him to even get minutes before the season
NyKnicksFan03::Mike A'ntoni is the reason behind the Team Bricking up 3's all game. He actually incorporates it in his game plan, thats why he has to go.. Ball movement is going to be key for any team to gel.  Selfish one on one play will divide a team Quck.
JTrain_to_theGarden::Kenyon martin will replace him and he will become our backup center.  I don't have a problem with him shooting threes if he starts to make them
bigzo78::he is in love with the 3 ball thats my only problem with him
bigzo78::he does hustle i love that about him.
JTrain_to_theGarden::scrappy defender too
NYsFinest987::Agree, but I like that he grabs rebounds.
Knickerbockers.MTA::It's been fun chatting with all you Knicks fans tonight and we haven't had many trolls (knock on wood).  I think we have an exciting season ahead of us and I hope everyone is here to chat about it.  I have missed having other Knicks fans around.  Stick around, boys, I think we are the real deal and only getting better.
TVD22::Playoff time, booom!
kethesnyper::Heard Orlando offered Dwight for Stat and Shump. I would decline that. If it was Chandler and Fields for Dwight i would take it
NYsFinest987::Where did you hear this?
bigzo78::its bogus no major sport site reported or the new york post. you would think everyone would have reported it by now
polomontana::The Knicks will be in the Eastern Finals.  I know fans are impatient but you can't expect these guys to just start off winning every game by 20 points.  Remember Miami started 9-8 last season. When the Knicks gel and if they get Bogans and Baron comes back, with the talent they have know they will be hard to beat.
MEEENMACHINE::2 games doesn't make a season...Douglas has been the Knicks best guard for the last 2 years. He's an asset and has been the most intense Knick . Once Baron comes back , look for Douglas , Shumpert , Fields , Harrelson and Balkman/Jeffries  go full court press with the 2nd team.
1cremedelacreme::UR F'N BLiND LiKE TD iS RUNNiNG THE PG POSiTiON !!!
MEEENMACHINE::Once Baron is back , TD ain't runnin sheeet. You put an all athletic 2nd team together , you enhance your players by playing an uptempo game. TD will be just fine with the second unit, he won't have to worry about to many 1/2 court sets. Also if it wasn't for TD , the Knicks wouldn't know what a breakaway layup is. You think Bibby or Billups can get ahead of the field for an easy basket ?
NyKnicksFan03::Glad to see someone making Sense.. Thanks.
NyKnicksFan03::I think Landry and Douglas are good players who are just in a Funk.  I'm not giving up on either of them just yet.   Unless we can package them for a guard who makes us better. I'm all for giving them more time to get their Act together.
JTrain_to_theGarden::Douglas isn't a starting Pg in thei league.  He is a high energy bench player.  This is clearly his role and he will embrace it
NyKnicksFan03::HOw soon we forget, Douglas was huge for us in plenty of games last season that helped the Team get back to the playoffs.
fearthaCUSE::douglas completely  kills any offensive rhythm or flow....fields sucks
wasted_101::DOUGLAS SUCKS, WHENEVER HE COMES ON THE FLOOR KNICKS LOSE
bigzo78::douglas is in a funk he played good the last 2 years he just doesnt suck out of no where, give him time he wasnt meant to start
Knickerbockers.MTA::And the whole team looks lost... We are a much better team with him on the bench.
NyKnicksFan03::Something must be wrong with T Douglas.  This kid was a beast Defensively most of last season.  I don't know what happen to him.. Is he even 100 percent Healthy is the question.
NyKnicksFan03::Exactly.. Douglas is not comfortable running the point.  He is a scoring two guard.
1cremedelacreme::HE.S NOT EVEN A SCORiNG 2 GUARD HE.S A BUM GUARD !
1cremedelacreme::i don't ever remeber him being a beast..i remeber him being rondo's b*tch !!!
NyKnicksFan03::Na, Tony D, was a on the ball hawk of a defensive player until the playoffs when he was not Healthy and rondo killed him. But rondo kills alot of other point guards.. Rondo is one of the Best point guards in the League. Pure Point guards at that.  Doesn't need all the Flash..
darkstar5967::He had a ton of pressure on him coming into the season. I think he'll pull out of the slump when he can just spot up and drain 3's again.
Knickerbockers.MTA::I hope you're right... He'll increase his trade value!
wasted_101::DOUGLAS FOR JOHNNY FLYN
Knickerbockers.MTA::Flynn isn't a big upgrade from TD in my opinion.
1cremedelacreme::only thing is Jonny Flynn makes almost 2ice the amount that TD does...but i would still agree with that trade !
Jeff7Kv::Was at the game today....maaaan the Pistons suck.  Let's just keep on losing and get a nice draft pick out of this mess.  This team has a lot of work to do....the effort was there, they're just not good at all.  I know New York's a good team, but we made them look like an elite tonight.  The highlight was the dancing man in the stands for pete's sake!
duaneskee1::the knicks are an elite team,this is a glimse of how theyre gonna play every game later in the season.
1cremedelacreme::y can.t the KNiCKS TRADE TONEY no D  DOUGLAS ALREADY ???
1cremedelacreme::Fields is a slasher who needs a PG with court vision 2 get him the ball &amp; TD is f'n BLiND !!!
NyKnicksFan03::Wishful Thinking..
darkstar5967::Like this alot, even though i think fields will turn it around.
Knickerbockers.MTA::If Bibby keeps it up, I think TD is gone soon.  Hopefully he and Landry are headed to Portland for Felton.
Knickerbockers.MTA::You could be right... Landry certainly looked a lot better tonight than he has all season.
1cremedelacreme::i.m still not giving up on Fields...i blame TD 4 making Landry look so bad !!!
kethesnyper::Why did the Bulls release Bogans, something must be wrong
RyGuy102093::and because bogans really isnt that good, but he'd be a solid backup on the knicks
RyGuy102093::because they needed more offense on that team, hence signing rip
kethesnyper::but the Bulls pride themselves on defence, why would they release a "Defensive specialist"
duaneskee1::rich hamilton!!
Jeff7Kv::LOL I just got the joke
