Duarte5451::DAAAAAA BEARS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Daniela96124::Knicks without Melo: everything's fine  Heat without Lebron: it'd be a bloodbath  Wade is a $@%, and will continue to take this team down with him.  The heat are 17-1 with Wade on the bench over the past two seasons.  #factsarereality
Jkhuang12::Fellas fellas fellas it's way too early in the season to say who is the best team or who is going to win the title this season, we are still in 2012 people. I am not going to say the Heat, Thunders or Lakers will win the title.  However I will say this, all the major teams in the league had made some major transition this offseason, it does take time for these pieces to jell, but after some time I do believe the Heat, Lakers, Thunders, Spurs, Grizzilies and Knicks (if they can keep doing what they are doing right now) can be the centre of title conversation.  But don't forget teams like Pacers, Mavericks, Bulls, Celtics, Nuggets and Clippers, who have been playing some pretty solid basketball right now.  With all of their injuries back, these teams can be a true dark horse for the title.  Don' forget 2010/2011 Mavericks title run, nobody gave them any chance of winning the West title or the NBA title, but what had them done, they play hard and embarrased the Heat in the Final!!  All I am saying is, this is NBA, this is basketball, anything can happen in 0.04 sec, it's just way too early to specuate if the Heat is a definite champ or the Knicks is for real.  All I can say about this game is, great job Knicks and don't be too disappointed Heat, it's only th 18 games in the season.  Took this lost learnt from your mitakes and gets better in the game.  Anyone agrees with me, please click "Like"!!
elitetrader19::<b>Why is Lebron stealing Kobe's ideas now?  (shooting and working out after a loss)</b>
Rod6073::I think even though its early in the season things can change by the knicks cracked the heats $@% last night and i don't think wade is 100 percent this year the heat is not the same as last year and teams will get better and teams are not going to lay down because the are the heat and are the champs every team will go at them even harder than lat season .the knicks are much better than last year and they are hungry for a championship and they  trust there coach and teammates which makes them very dangerous they are better then they get credit and thats to there advantage so we see what happens the rest of the way heat better step up they are looking like paper champs its hard to repeat james not  MJ
jared575757::Knicks have been hungry for championship for 37 years
OmniVersal::No hurricane so what are Heat fans' excuses now?
Djuki 3::have a good weekend ladies and gentlemen!
NY NBK Far Superior 1::How bout my boy Felton! 27pts and almost a double double
elitetrader19::<b>He's  a UNC player, no Dukie could do that</b>
ottomanempire44::i wish i could make it to nyc for a knicks game. love how theyre playing right now, solid d and great o. keep it up nad we'll be a top 3 seed come playoffs
5809Mike::nice picture of the dome.
samace23::I feel good for felton because everybody was hating on him when the knicks decided to keep him instead of lin...He's proving all of them wrong...
whatsdoing::the "Kidd-effect" is also working but I knew Felton would be motivated and well prepared this season.... that said he has exceeded by expectations in this early part of the season.
SjGMEN77::Official intro #knickstape  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inwAh_WaRWI
Djuki 3::It's pretty simple, the Knicks exploited every one of Miami's weaknesses and until Miami figures it out, they're not the best team in the East
Pmay2012::yeah they need to take their head out of their a$$e$ !!
Darren8732::Pmay2012 - Darren8732 Pmay2012 - Darren8732  Pmay2012 - yeah they need to take their head out of their a$$e$ !!     exactly    U want a Cuban sandwich? I know a nice place....    I wasnt being funny.  I know... me neither, I love cuban sandwiches...  lmao hell yea
Pmay2012::Darren8732 Pmay2012 - Darren8732  Pmay2012 - yeah they need to take their head out of their a$$e$ !!     exactly    U want a Cuban sandwich? I know a nice place....    I wasnt being funny.  I know... me neither, I love cuban sandwiches...
Darren8732::Pmay2012 - Darren8732 Pmay2012 - yeah they need to take their head out of their a$$e$ !!    exactly  U want a Cuban sandwich? I know a nice place....  I wasnt being funny.
Pmay2012::Darren8732 Pmay2012 - yeah they need to take their head out of their a$$e$ !!    exactly  U want a Cuban sandwich? I know a nice place....
Darren8732::Pmay2012 - yeah they need to take their head out of their a$$e$ !!                   exactly
Darren8732::What gets me angry is not the heat losing but, only LEBRON HAS THE HEART every night.....Wade is my fav player and he is playing like a puss....the whole heat team is playin like a bunch of punks except lebron. Since the season began i have not seen really no type of effort and its frustrating. Really i cant believe what chris bosh said out his mouth...''NOT MOTIVATED ON WHAT YOU GUYS DID A FEW MONTHS AGO'' just be quiet. FU.CK EXCUSES WE GOT OUR $@%!$ KICK AND KNICKS DESERVED TO KICK OUR @%!$@. I  was mad the first time the knicks beat us while most of you call it a charity game....um no we got our %!$ kick there too. Im a no excuse fan and i never make an excuse if we lose or not...its very disappointing watching the Miami Heat play like this, fu.ck a '' ITS ONLY A DECEMBER GAME CRAP'' no we lost because there's no type of effort or heart on the court and the only one who's showin it is Lebron James. IF YOUR A REAL FAN OF THE HEAT, YOU'LL KNOW WHERE IM COMING FROM.
Darren8732::YEA NO FU.CKIN DEFENSE IS BEING PLAYED.
nba is the worst::Heat only won last year due to flops and nocalls all going their way.  Have you noticed the difference this season?
Darren8732::Pmay2012 - I was in South Beach when they win it... what about you??  I FU.CKIN LIVE DOWN HERE RIGHT HERE IN CAROL CITY.
Pmay2012::I was in South Beach when they win it... what about you??
Pmay2012::Darren8732 Pmay2012 - say that after they win the championship again... LMAO Where were you when we did win when it?
Darren8732::Pmay2012 - say that after they win the championship again... LMAO Where were you when we did win when it?
Pmay2012::say that after they win the championship again... LMAO !!!
Knicks_Fan_Since_Today::After that horrible beating last nite, LBJ got his tunes going and the first song that played was:  Dr. Dre - I need a Doctor
nba is the worst::Knicks should have a sizable lead on the rest of the conference by the allstar break
CubicleJoe::i'd like to know when the fools in washington are going to do something to get those BK nfl commercials back on the air.
Djuki 3::Let's go Hamburger for W6!  Can't believe I actually took German soccer
Pmay2012::Lose my W10 yesterday thank you to Rhode Island!!
Djuki 3::thank you sir
Pmay2012::Yeah I know... Good luck to you !
Djuki 3::ah damn that sucks man
rebel of the under ground::Kobe is not the greatest Laker ever.
69durango::Magic and Kareem would beat Kobe and Shaq.
69durango::MAGIC MAN #1   KAREEM #2
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::MAGIC. end of story
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::take a look at his time on both teams. more chips in LA but better numbers, awards in Milwaukee
nba is the worst::They were both better than kobe
21DanNYC21::he had great days in milwaukee but he was just as good in LA
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::i can live with Kareem...tho his best days were in Milwaukee
21DanNYC21::no, kareem
ChrisLA2010::says you??
0nly_In_NY::luke walton
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::- Captain Obvious
Pmay2012::Pipi. second-person singular present indicative of pipare; first-person singular present
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::Pipi refers to p.enis. Mystery solved.
nba is the worst::I Make Groundbreaking Predictions Pipi refers to p.enis. Mystery solved. _________ Your obsession defined - all by yourself!  Carry on kid
BK 3rd Shift Manager::PiPi-  from the french expression "agace pisette", a pipi is a kind of girl that will deliberately make guys around her horny but will not have sex with them.    Basically every girl I went to high school with and all of the high schoolers I currently employ.
Pmay2012::Pipi may refer to: Plebidonax deltoides, an edible clam known as pipi
CubicleJoe::the knicks 3's were obviously uncontested.
Rod6073::no they just got beat and they played lazy d
CubicleJoe::i am completely farting around here, i only saw the highlights.  when a team wins by 20 and hits 18 3's, i imagine a bunch were due to the losing side breaking down on defense and leaving people open.  and, of course, due to the knicks moving the ball effectively.
nba is the worst::More telling is the knicks holding the heat to 92 pts, when their scoring avg in the other home games is 112
CubicleJoe::you people need a guide to sarcasm.
nba is the worst::I'm selective when it comes to sarcasm - but you have to admit many of the threes were uncontested (Novak doesn't hit unless he's open or after a fake)
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::Yeah cause Felton and JR Smith totally weren't pulling up on those threes with guys right in their faces.
kmoe332::the knicks hit at least 6 3s with guys right in their face
nba is the worst::NO ONE on ESPN chat boards owns himself like you - it's unreal! ;)
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::The pipi lover would take my post that way.  Gayyyyyy
nba is the worst::No comment whatsoever regarding your quote "with guys right in their faces".  LOL!
nba is the worst::That's what happens with good passes to find an open man.
0nly_In_NY::"I miss Jeremy Lin"  -says no knick fan on this earth
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::Also anybody who says the Knicks threes were uncontested is either a liar or they didn't watch the game. When Felton or JR Smith pull up and knockdown a three in your face it just kills your spirit. Novak also routinely hit shots yesterday with guys in his face. They just weren't pull up ones.
BK 3rd Shift Manager::What is a Pipi?
nba is the worst::Something that this kid is obviously VERY focussed on thinking about and talking about constantly
nba is the worst::yep - this kid is certainly beyond pathetic, no question.
BK 3rd Shift Manager::Most of it was blocked here at work.  The King doesn't like smut on his network.
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::LOL. YOU MUST HAVE FOUND SOME INTERESTING RESULTS!
BK 3rd Shift Manager::I gave in and went to google.
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::Ask Worst he's an expert on it.
BK 3rd Shift Manager::They're very popular.  I'm personally not too fond of them but whatever sells, right?
Pmay2012::I think Worst likes it with sweet potatoes fries...
BK 3rd Shift Manager::My question was aimed at anyone whom can answer correctly.  Do you have that capability?
alicia2785::See ya, gotta go fold some clothes and make dinner. Go Heat!!!
BK 3rd Shift Manager::That's my girl!  I'll bring an extra Cinnabon home tonight.  (Sorry, they're not as good here than at actual Cinnabons.)
Pmay2012::ill get the dessert  !!
Knicks_Fan_Since_Today::Alicia you know LBJ has a g/f and kids right?
BK 3rd Shift Manager::That usually stops athletes from hooking up with other women. . .
B..........::The Heat better hope the Knicks arent as good with Melo, Stoudamire, and Shumpert back but Id say thats wishful thinking.
CubicleJoe::yeah, and you better pray to the god of skinny punks that this wind doesn't pick up
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::The Knicks better hope they can hit 18 threes every game. But I'd say thats wishful thinking.
SmokeyNYY::the knicks average close to 12 threes a game, so yes we will hit close to that every game.
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::Those threes are real momentum killers pipi lover.
nba is the worst::I believe the knicks will be satisfied with holding the heat to 20 pts below their home scoring avg.
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::It's funny because Worst lives in this fantasy world where he thinks he "owns" me.  In reality I routinely expose him and his massive pipi addiction.
nba is the worst::wow - this is what psychologists call delusional, and with the projection of your other obvious "issue", that's 2 strikes
BK 3rd Shift Manager::I work at Burger King and need to come here to make myself feel better.  What's your excuse for trying to "own" people on here?
NYKnicks0123::The Heat are overrated ....      -They're horrible defensively      -they can't defend the 3      -They don't rebound      -They have no interior defense      -Wade is washed up      -Bosh is a bum      - The Heat have no bench      -Their supporting cast is wack      - They switch easily      -They can't defend the pick and roll      - and when LeBron sits their offense is stagnant
Djuki 3::Zo is going to sign a one year contract and fix their interior defense
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::this is as annoying as when people say the knicks are just a fad
Pmay2012::Did you copy and paste this from last year???
alicia2785::Yes, I am a Lebron James fan. I love the way that he plays, so entertaining!!! James will make the championship finals again but the Knicks won't. Write it down. I said it here first.
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::Why do you call it the championship finals?
alicia2785::Okay, the championship game.@I make
01Bulls4life::Actually a lot of people already said the same thing before you.
Pmay2012::Easy, let them keep their hopes up...
Knicks_Fan_Since_Today::Wooow.............  I'll take your word for it.
BK 3rd Shift Manager::I'm sure there is a pile of clothes somewhere that need to be folded.
alicia2785::already done, boss!!!
BK 3rd Shift Manager::Of course.  Regular fries, sweet potato fries, or onion rings on the side?
Pmay2012::can I get a Whopper ?
Djuki 3::i like when he takes his shirt off, and his sweat is glistening down his body
alicia2785::dude, keep it clean!!!
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::Worst you have terrible comebacks.  Surprising since you are so obsessed with c.um.
Pmay2012::on cookies ??
CubicleJoe::yikes.
nba is the worst::- are you really this clueless?  LMAO!!!
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::And you're an embarrassment to pipi lovers everywhere.  Keep fantascizing about pipi f.ag!
nba is the worst::Groundbreaking is an embarrassment to heat fans everywhere.  Keep posting those fantasies kid!
nba is the worst::I Make Groundbreaking Predictions In reality none of my posts have "Pipi" in them.   You're obsession deludes you to think that they do.   Get help. 4 Minutes Ago  Like  Quote  Flag nba is the worst *your. Stay in school, son 4 Minutes Ago  Like  Quote  Flag  Edit  Share I Make Groundbreaking Predictions *. You forgot a period. Go back to school, Pipi lover. 2 Minutes Ago  Like  Quote  Unflag <b>Ladies and gentlemen - a heat fan in its natural habitat!</b>
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::And how is this funny?  You're mad because I expose you every time you're on the board.
nba is the worst::Seek help - there's severe legal penalties for that sort of thing should you decide to act out your fantasy.  smh
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::The way I expose you on these boards is comparable to the way you make little kids expose their pipis.
nba is the worst::Let's review.  Almost every time you post a comment, you use the term "Pipi".  You then deny it immrdiately below, then do it again.  Usually that's followed by your fantasy about someone messaging you.  The only person you're "exposing" (ha ha, "revealing" word choice) is YOURSELF!
Pmay2012::I cant click Like on the above statements....
CubicleJoe::allenmatthewsLOL.    A Rocket surgeon? Did you mean scientist? Looks like you aren't much of a thinker either.     FAIL ============ BZZZ.  you took the bait, hombre.  it's a joke.
Encore 2.0::MJ watches every Bobcats game, that is one cruel sentence, won't wish it upon noone
Djuki 3::what's the spread on the Bulls Pistons game tonight?  I can't go on betting websites here =P
Djuki 3::hmm that sounds appealing
01Bulls4life::Bulls -2.5
Encore 2.0::Bulls -2 i think
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::Pistons by 20
Djuki 3::silly
CubicleJoe::Congrats on learning how to copy and paste
alicia2785::The Knicks will not make the NBA championship finals. The Spurs were on a win streak last season just like the Knicks are this season and lost in the last round of the playoffs right before the championship finals.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::casual fans should not write posts
alicia2785::speak for yourself, troll.@nique
nba is the worst::meaningless speculation.
nba is the worst::dumb - it hasn't happened yet, and the knicks are on just a 5-gm streak, the Spurs' was 20
alicia2785::Write it down. It's the truth!!!
Pmay2012::LeBron is as good as me...   -MJ-
allenmatthews::He never said that. Try again
nba is the worst::"Never ever"
Pmay2012::Jlv2012 Looks like the East is wide open now
Jlv2012::after last night's game, it is.  i thought only one team was for sure to come out of east.
nba is the worst::Well then props to you - but since they weren't favorites, why be so sure about the "one team"?
Jlv2012::no u right not 18 games in.  before the season even started.
nba is the worst::When - not 18 games into the season, I'll bet...
Jlv2012::lol funny that u mentioned that because i predicted them to win it
nba is the worst::I'm sure you picked the Mavs in '11 too, right?
47 Percent of You Feel Entitled to This Comment::Congrats on learning how to copy and paste.
47 Percent of You Feel Entitled to This Comment::atta girl
Pmay2012::47 Percent of You Feel Entitled to This Comment Congrats on learning how to copy and paste  did I hit reply now??
allenmatthews::"Kobe is the greatest Laker of all time"  - Magic Johnson  "Kobe Sucks" -Haters on ESPN message boards
CubicleJoe::magic's not exactly a rocket surgeon.  he held the lakers coaching job for about as long as his talk show was on the air.  great player, average thinker.
allenmatthews::LOL.  A Rocket surgeon? Did you mean scientist? Looks like you aren't much of a thinker either.   FAIL
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::"Kobe is the greatest Laker of all time."   - A Liar
allenmatthews::LOL. Magic Johnson is a liar?
RunTheBall22....::they can't handle the truth
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::Worst you're still massively obsessed with Pipi. No progress there.  Maybe if you got off ESPN and went to rehab it would be a different story...
nba is the worst::Ah, back to your favorite word again.  Well, still, you posted <b>7</b> separate comments without using it below, props kid
nba is the worst::Keep owning yourself - it's HILARIOUS!!!
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::*. You forgot a period. Go back to school, Pipi lover.
nba is the worst::*your.  Stay in school, son
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::In reality none of my posts have "Pipi" in them.  You're obsession deludes you to think that they do.  Get help.
bravemarillion::Survey: which is the best show on TV now a days:  1) The Walking Dead 2) Sons of Anarchy 3) Breaking Bad 4) Game of Thrones 5) Here Comes Honey Boo Boo
bravemarillion::Breaking Bad is addicting and the acting is superb. Who knew Malcolm's dad could do serious?
Encore 2.0::Breaking Bad
bravemarillion::Honey Boo Boo is joking.
Djuki 3::Game of Thrones, then Sons, then Walking Dead
47 Percent of You Feel Entitled to This Comment::Took me a few episodes but I got into it.
Djuki 3::i tried watching the first few episodes but it never really appealed to me
47 Percent of You Feel Entitled to This Comment::Have you not seen Breaking Bad?
Knicks_Fan_Since_Today::1)
allenmatthews::The diamonds on LeBron's championship ring are shaped like asterisks.
CubicleJoe::Because if you did watch you wouldnt have said that. You probably think Pipen was one of the greatest ever too when hes a 16 ppg player WITH and only with MJ getting dbl teamed. The rest of the team where role players and where interchanged....more ======== sorry, work getting in the way.  what the F are you talking about with all this?  the bulls had to go through the late 80s celtics and pistons and gave the eventual champ pistons all they could handle more than once in the ECF.    i am not suggesting phil is terrible, far from it.  only that he fell into a great situation.
nba is the worst::Phil Jackson was 0-0 as a head coach in the NBA when he got the Bulls job.  Didn't take long before he took a team with just 2 HOFs to their 1st threepeat.
nba is the worst::No one else did, right?  No one else in the post-reserve clause era repeated 7 times, either
CubicleJoe::oh, well then the case is closed i guess.  he's clearly the greatest coach in the history of the planet and nobody else could have managed to win a couple titles with two great players reaching their peak years after several years of competing against some of the best teams in nba history.
RunTheBall22....::Lebron is gay hey hey hey is still the number one hit in miami.
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::Zzzzzzzzzz
bravemarillion::I like when the kid gives him big orange hair in that commercial.
Jlv2012::Looks like the East is wide open now.
Pmay2012::let me give you a  like for that
Pmay2012::you can have your heat in your bandwagon kid
47 Percent of You Feel Entitled to This Comment::Only Heat fans don't realize there is a reply button.
Pmay2012::screw the Heats I am a Knics fan you dumb $@%!
Jlv2012::ya right.  not tricking me heat fanboy
Pmay2012::JUST LIKE YOUR A$$!!
DodgersLakersUberAlles::Cut them some slack, theyre all 13 years old. :)
Jlv2012::very mature.  heat fans are ridiculous
Stephen21284::that awkward moment when the heat loses to the best and worst team in two nights.
DodgersLakersUberAlles::Spread the wealth. lol
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::Celtics dominated the Heat the last 2 seasons in the regular season...  What happened?  Bulls dominated the Heat the last 2 seasons in the regular season...  What happened?  Don't get too cocky Knicks fans...
RunTheBall22....::a lockout year and injuries happened.
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::Not vs. the Celtics or Bulls
Pete Carrolls Victory Dance::yeah you guys lost that year...
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::What about the year before?
Knicks_Fan_Since_Today::last season Bulls had major injuries... get that out of here.
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::Way to totally miss my point...
nba is the worst::So did the Celtics. Both teams had starters out for the year. Heat didn't.
Pmay2012::KNICS_FAN_SINCE_TODAY   last season Bulls had major injuries... get that out of here
Pete Carrolls Victory Dance::and before those 2 seasons.. Heat fans did not exist
I Make Groundbreaking Predictions::You're right. I'm a bandwagon Dolphins and Marlins fan too.
Pmay2012::^^^ TROLL
RunTheBall22....::all these years and Skip still owns Lebron
Salzeech::"Bile poops are the result of binge drinking"  - Charles Barkley
FinsFan 13::gemstar828 heat team look tired for some reason.... knicks will rise to the occasion  knicks- 112 heat - 98......right? 7 fans like this. December 3 2012, 9:07 PM  Like  Reply  Quote  Flag  Mother of God...
