SFCROB1369::Time for the Celtics to step up their game or time for some to pack their bags. As a Celtic fan this is nothing less than an embarrasment. Any NBA team up by 27 should win. Danny take a hard look and see who wants to be in Boston and who wants a bus ticket.
braveandme::Are all Celtics fans as stupid as that Rod dog red guy....i truly hope not
rainmaker2007::A few weeks ago people were saying the Celtics were about to make a run. Yeah right. Some run.
Road dog Red::Time to go to the gym... Hope you learned a lil something.. and in parting i give you the Great Manta Ray Lewis... 'God is Watching... YOU".. lol so try yer best kidlets...
influenced u3::27 point come back... thats gotta hurt... how any celtics fan is high enough to believe this team is a "championship" bound is crazy!!!
Road dog Red::Doesn't hurt at all..... why should it???... the beat goes ON
braveandme::Because ur a sub-500 team who just put up one of the most pathetic second half (and 2nd OT) efforts any teams had all year. Any reasonable fan would be worried
Road dog Red::The beat goes on, the beat goes on Drums keep pounding a rhythm to the brain La de da de DEE, la de da de DAH
Road dog Red::Thus ones conscience doth make cowards of us all; And thus the native hue of immature resolution Is sicklied over with the absence of brave thought, The enterprises of great pith and spirituality With this regard their currents turn awry, And lose the name of action. - Soft you now! The fair Eve. mother all all nymphs, in thy orisons Be all my sins remember'd.
Road dog Red::The grocery store's have become the super mart, uh huh Little girls stillfind ways to break their hearts, uh huh And our brave young men still keep on marching off to war And digitally they keep a baseball score, un huh AND THE BEAT GOES ON... THE BEAT GOES ON
Road dog Red::Who with a bared dagger?  would attempt to bundle a bear, To grunt, shiver and sweat under a weary life, With such a  dread of something foreboding after death, The undiscovered country from whose bosom  No traveler returns, puzzles the will, the mind and the soul. And makes us rather endure those ills we have Than fly off to others that we know not of?
Road dog Red::and The beat goes on, the beat goes on The Drums keep pounding a rhythm to the brain La de da de DEE...la de da de DAH
Road dog Red::The Charleston dance was once the latest rage, uh huh But history will always turned the page, uh huh The mini dress is now the current thing, uh huh underage porn stars are now society kings, uh huh
Road dog Red::When we have shuffled off this mortal coil, Must give us pause: there's the respect That makes calamity of so long life; For who would bear the whips and scorns of time, The oppressor's wrong, the proud man's contumely, The pangs of despised love, the law's delay, The insolence of office and the spurns That patient merit of the unworthy takes, When he himself might his quietus make
Road dog Red::The beat goes on, the beat goes on Drums keep pounding a rhythm to the brain La de da de de, la de da de da
braveandme::I came back here to laugh at the celtics fans one more time. HAHAHAHAHA k bye
Road dog Red::mentally WEAK
Road dog Red::if it make yer nite.. go for it..... says more about yer lack of a life than anything else.. that you need to laugh at others to feel better about yerself..
braveandme::The stupidity of ur post baffles me..... Also, Id rather not bring up my personal life on an ESPN convo board...thats just stupid and pointless
Road dog Red::Ho Hum
nutmegone::take spelling 101 soon-----please
Rayinski2345::GAY^^^
Doug8349::all this truth talk bout him losn games 4 us is crzy truth has had a better season than green n terry thats 4 shore, kg needs help on the block need another big is the problem once kg sits team feast on them n the paint truth gets traded Cs r done, who will be the closer??
Road dog Red::PP is NOT getting traded.... with age life begins to over-encompass basketball.. combine that with wear and tear and you have what we are seeing.. a decline in production. It happens to ALL 'older' players
braveandme::and when his production declines....u should do what? Yes, trade him...
boomdads75::Pierce has slumped badly this year he has lost us a few games with his bricking and ball hogging. Hurts me to say this but I really think he is the reason. Also Rondo pads his stats too much, just attack man you have all the talent!  Big win for ATL well done.
Celtics_Red Sox_Pats_Mavs::korver going off with 27 points is unacceptable
braveandme::korvers a boss. Id say its more u guys blowing a 27 point lead thats unacceptable haha
sparkysteelerskickbutt::Love watching the Celtics and Lakers scrubbing under 500!
Celtics_Red Sox_Pats_Mavs::$@%!$@%!
Road dog Red::Can we trade Lucky the Leprechaun... seems he's mighty UNlucky now
Road dog Red::I haven't seen this many Hawks fans come out since.... well,,,,,,,, anyway... its about TIME
moosiphoosus::It was Friday and the Falcons were done...It will be more fans when yall come back.  And will get chumped once more!
Road dog Red::Tsk Tsk Tsk
The Evillllll Empire::Who gets the credit?  The team playing at home against a team that has lost 5 straight, and gets down "27"!!, to them. Or the team giving up the 27 point lead, in less than a half, then a 10 point lead with 4 and change left. Atl, it took you 2 ots and a once in a season comeback at home, to beat a godawful team. Dont pound your chests too much.
moosiphoosus::Just say "My Celts Lost" and move on you sour grape.
rfdlbd::Not beautiful to my bank account..Amazing...Celtics and Lakers to need to go on tour after the Season and play exhibition games .....I wander How many tickets they would sell....
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::That was the most beautiful thing ever last night watching that meltdown by the Celtics against the Hawks.    Kyle Korver for 3EEEEEèeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee..         èeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
Atl7523::Watch that pick Paul--Ray Allen
Atl7523::Korver owns Pierce
Denis2224::Danny Ainge needs to blow this team up. wtf is this garbage they call basketball?
sean8567::hey
ek148::Pierse looks 55
Atl7523::Rondo dribbles too much...What happen to ya'll offense
Atl7523::Good morning Celtics fans
miarida33::Just wait until Avery Bradley comes back
supremekid912::He was in the lineup.......
karelp::Wow, just imagine how many of the last 6 games the Cets would have lost if they didn't have two All-Star starters.  Oh.....wait.
miarida33::Bass shoulda made it
sean8567::ok
mack8432::Safe to say these C's aren't going very far. They have talent, but they are mentally weak. Still better than the Lakers though...
moosiphoosus::Celts big guns too old now
bradys kung fu kick::That's not saying much.
gregerrett01::The c's are far worse than the Lakers.
moosiphoosus::Both teams are old in the tooth....don't see a big difference in the two at all.  Old and hurt
Hey there Jimbo::nah
INTERSTATE_20GA::Boom shock a locka shock a locka shock a locka ..BOOM shock a locka  lol
goin..to..shabooms::lol
AllSaintsRow_I Love Lamp::Up 29-10 after the first quarter...then outscored 113-82 the rest of the way....yikes.
atlphillip::Outscored 85-54 after the 2nd
Dwayne_Johnson23::This was depressing
ddd007ddd::Problem wt Lakers:Age.any team dt parades 3 out of 5 players on d court wt age &gt;30 wont be competitive;case in point :Lakers:Kobe/Nash/Pau;Celtics:Pierce/KG/Terry. The fact is ur opponents are younger,more athletic,better sprinters and will out-rebound u  Solution:Maximum of 2 Players &gt;30 years old at same time on court. 2.Take care of Defence and Offense takes care of itself.  If they do this two,not saying they will championship,but they will @ least  compete
Rod5774::KJ and Hondo can't do it themselves,  Ray Allen and Larry Bird have to step their game up"  -Boston's mayor-
nhraven5200::Pierce,Hondo,KJ,Bradley to the Wizards for a 2nd round pick.
Gucci Force Four::The Wizards would be giving up too much for that trade
Hey there Jimbo::You're still trolling here? Man that's just plain sad
Hey there Jimbo::And Bass, Bradley
Hey there Jimbo::I have a feeling Rondo will be gone soon
Bamm7272::Garnett fouls out after 38 minutes. Pierce scores 12 in a double OT game  Dwindling down for the C's. Will be mediocre for the next few years.
Hey there Jimbo::Everybody has rebuilding years, no big deal
Hey there Jimbo::Fire up the old trade machine
3rdComing.::FIRE EVERYONE!!! TRADE EVERYBODY!!!  THIS TEAM IS DONE!!!
Hey there Jimbo::That's how I felt last night....
brandonlee561heat22::When was the last time the C's gave up a 19-0 run?
Gucci Force Four::The Hawks should have chewed up Pierce's and KG's dinner after chewing up that 27 point deficit.
