NateByu::stinky utes smell like toots!!!!!! ps jimmer is $$$$$$.
The Utah Joker::Jimmer Sucks
9erballer::C'Mon Jimmer....In Utah Behind the ark Game winner.....Thats all you!!! Where were you at??? Get your mind right and ball....Do it 4 your brother and all the Mormans out there that love ya!!!
Mikecito::He was fouled, see post two down.
autahmanami92::Jimmer is a great shooter...the problem is he's not that great at anything else.  He's athletic, I agree, but he's a tad small and his ball control is not very impressive.  I could be wrong, I'm not saying that just because I'm a Ute fan, I'm just being honest.
treezeyforsheezey::Hey haters: http://static.deseretnews.com/images/article/midres/744486/744486.jpg
goPhilsgoAs::"...C.J. Miles, who had a game-high 20 points."  Err, what?
JimmerCudaBYU::Jimmer will be an all star within two years, mark my words.
Geo-Aggie::OMG GUYS, REMMEBEMEMBER BACK IN 1984???!??1  Get over it. Please.
Mikecito::Seems that you're the one that can't let it go...
Geo-Aggie::Just poking fun at the inability of BYU fans to let go of the past, overweight cougar.
sklater::WTF does 1984 have to do with anything little aggie?
dallings::I am a BYU fan who IS obsessed with Jimmer....and I think Jimmer is great...but an all-star? Prolly not.
richthurman68::Im a BYU fan but some people are way too obsessed with jimmer
richthurman68::?
t.schultz19::Jimmer shoves Watson quite viciously at the top of the key (clearly a foul) en route to where he shoots the three.
t.schultz19::Couldn't agree more.  I like both no-calls (both were fouls).  Go Jazz.
Geo-Aggie::At the end of a game like that, let things play out a little. The refs did just that... and Jimmer airballed it, haha.
CandySparker::Hola!
jordanroxall::I have bet on sports for a few years now and have tried a few handicappers with no luck really. Alot of people blog on here about betting and so on. In Novemember I started betting with this site sportsbettingstar.com. I have only lost one bet so far. It is a 2 game series betting system but I have done better with this system on betting than about 7 or 8 other handicappers that I have tried in the past that I got screwed from. Thought this would help the bettors out there.
72jungle::Man, the highlights on ESPN.com show exactly NONE of the real highlight plays in the game.  How do they not put that Tyreke dunk on there?  Pathetic.
Astrohusky::Why do the Kings refuse to play IT more?  Rhetorical question, he was the last pick in the draft and isn't making millions and the management try to force their contract guys to be good, but they aren't.  IT scored 13 straight in the 4th, the entire rest of the bench was 0-for.  Play to win the game.  Play IT.
randymossallday::its hard to play him and jimmer together because they both are small....Jimmer really cant guard 2s very well and IT isn't that good of a defender. u can play IT and 'reke together bc 'Reke can guard 3 positions. Jimmer is spotty guarding 1s and 2s. so usually u pick the lesser of the 2 evils. its kinda hard to play a 6ft guard(being generous) and a 6 2 guard at the same time.
JBurhenn253::isaiah is a good defender. in college he usually guarded the other teams best player. he is quick and very strong. the only knock is his height but its not that big of a deal.
JazzyJH33::All of the UofU fans at the game and here are classless fools. Sorry it sucks that your program is in the pits and the greatest athlete to represent Utah is a BYU cougar. Oh wait, it's awesome -- too bad you're too bitter to be proud of such a great representative, and boo him instead.
treezeyforsheezey::Sucks being the doormat of the Pac 12, eh?  Don't worry, I forgive you Ute fans. You hate your parents, not Jimmer. I understand.
hdmilife::maxipad hall hates me.
countrybama24::BYU sucks. Remember that beat down last time our football teams played?
t.schultz19::Listen to yourself.  Go JAZZ in ESA.  No Jimmer, No Kings or anyone else.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Until Jimmer does anything in the NBA i will continue to cheer for Andre Miller and Andrew Bogut (poor guy has had some unlucky injuries)
Aaron14488::If it would have gone in(he was fouled... Watch the replay) than all of you hating on him would be praising him right now.  And enough of the IT/jimmer bashing back and forth. IT played great and it was good to see his shot falling. Neither of them are the problem on this team.
dallings::I don't know if it should have been a foul or not....but anyone who has ever payed ball knows that a foul on your follow through (even if the ball has already left your hand) DOES effect the shot and should be called. But in this case, I don't know if it should or shouldn't have been a foul. One thing is for sure...it was definitely not just a full out airball....it was good a highly contested shot and even the best of the best in the NBA don't hot the game winner every time. Even Kobe....I saw him airball a similar shot 4 times (vs the Jazz) in game 5 of the 97 playoffs!!!  But no one could argue that he isn't clutch anymore (even if you hate him like I do).
Geo-Aggie::I'm curious what the physics behind this are. A foul after your shot has left your hands and is no longer in any contact with your body effects your shot? Uh... ... how?
TAC0REV::He wasn't even touched, that's just the standard Byu fan delusion that you suffer from
Geo-Aggie::I did watch the replay. He wasn't touched until well after the release and even that was an over-acted soccer flop. He straight up shot an airball in front of all of the people who can't move on.  Hey guys, remember 1984?!?! Yeah me neither, I wasn't born yet.
packersohbaby::trade jimmer for harris! they both are disappointing, but i think jimmer would excel on a more structured team and sac could use a little bit of veteran.  jimmer would back up earl, who is utahs best pg right now, and get a little playing time as a spark off the bench.  it works for everyone. really....
Geo-Aggie::Gordon &gt; Jimmer  That is all.
SLIMPSON9::apples to oranges?
Geo-Aggie::14 fans like this ;)
eazyt_971::Hey jazz fans remember what this dude used to do to your team in the playoffs?      http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oU-vSeXskRY
InternetCensorship::Jimmer has the power to be the Tebow of the NBA.
EmergingInThought::Go Blazers!    http://www.whatthehellbook.com/the-book/     http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=262l6tbHSlU
Clipshow07::Jimmer shooting 35% on the year??? I really hope he can do better than that sooner than later....
The Utah Joker::Harris almost did it again but Jimmer safed the day Air Ball
Isaiah v2::salmons for turkoglu
zprince3::6-way tie for 3rd place in the West now
teufelhunden75::jimmer must not be living right off the court
JazzyJH33::DIAF, yewt troll.  How's that for living right.
sklater::I'm thinking Utah players must be crack dealers involved in child prostitution by the way they are playing this year.
lakersdynastyisover::Alot of people on these threads talk sports betting. I have bet on sports for several years now. I have used easily a dozen different handicappers. Some were ok but never really good. I started playing this system called sportsbettingstar.com about 3 months ago. It is by far the best capper I have found. It is a 2 game series betting system but is the best  I have used to bet on sports. Thought I would throw this out cause alot of people here seem to be losing or searching for good bets
gmclionsfan88::dont like your own posts..
TAC0REV::So many Jazz fans were rabid about picking "Jimmer" with the #3 pick, or trading up for him with the #12 pick, and I told them they were all dumb.  AAAAAAAIIIIIIIRRRRR BAAAAALLLLLL!!!!
acidflow03::So have you even lookled at Kanters stats compared to Jimmers yes different positions but id say for the very low minutes Kanter is getting compared to Jimmers id say Kanter is pretty good
Trevor Wheelwright::And don't forget that they play different positions on different teams..
Geo-Aggie::I hope I'm proven wrong, but at this point going of just what I see I think jimmer has shown he has more current value in the NBA. Don't forget, they're both rookies and one of them already starts...
t.schultz19::Kanter will improve immensely in the next few years.
JohnQAdams76::Jimmer at 3 would've been better than Kanter at 3.
TAC0REV::You two are both dumb. Kanter is already an above-average rebounder and solid defender. He needs time to polish his offensive game, as he's only 19 freaking years old. Kanter's potential is leagues higher than "Jimmer"'s
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::you aren't very smart are you? Kanter is a rebounding machine! Do you realize how important that is? Holding the other team to 1 shot down the court EVERY time? Kanter brings that
Geo-Aggie::As much as I'm not a Jimmer fan, Jimmer really would have been a better pick than Kanter, however that isn't saying much.
karelp::Jimmer stinks...one assist and no rebounds in 31 minutes is pathetic, and he's shooting 36% for the year.
rhettfieldsted::Dude, Hayward was 19. Jimmer is 23 haha..
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::you mad?
JohnQAdams76::Hayward was 19? I would've sworn he was like 14...
JohnQAdams76::and how did Hayward do his rookie year? Pretty sure he rode the bench most of the year. It takes time. He's already improving.
JacobyJ4::Is it just me or does Salmons seem pretty worthless these days... once Marcus comes back they should start Jimmer, Marcus and Tyreke...
The Utah Joker::after Jimmer airballed i saw a small tear
broncoman2622::Only beating the kings by 3???? Jazz!!!!!!!! Come on now. Probably because it felt like a road game for the jazz due to the crazy jimmer fans.
KingGeorge53::game was already won?   or at least in the minds of the players.    good comeback attempt by the Sacs.
JeffKent4MVP::jimmer time is hiding lol
petrpann::Worst recap ever. Who wrote this crap?
tjverwor::LOVE &gt; Millsap
famousfoot1000::lmao
StockonToMalone::Jefferson and Millsap: 18 Hayward and CJ: 41  this can't happen against the blazers
scow79::If Jefferson looks as slow and in pain as he did tonight, then it probably will
scow79::Ha!   Lakers are out of the playoffs right now
Trevor Wheelwright::u mad suzyscooter?
suzyscooter::too bad season doesn't end in January.   Sac + Utah =  how many championships?
Madhouse_United::*Fakers. lolololololol
rbmw263::Thomas&gt;Jimmer
JacobyJ4::lol good one... where has thomas been the last 5 games... Jimmer has clearly outplayed him, and if thomas hadnt got hot tonight would have clearly been no different.
JBurhenn253::look at the numbers they say differently. IT is averaging over 6 ppg and 2 ast with a PER of over 14. Jimmer is averaging over 8 ppg and 2 ast with a PER of a little over 10. looks like jimmer is winning right? look at how many minutes IT plays compared to jimmer. jimmer plays quite a bit more and he is a lottery pick.
purple-and-gold::Definitely, a huge steal. IT should have been taken way earlier, and Jimmer probably shouldn't have been taken at 12.  But for the year, it's no argument, Jimmer&gt;IT.
JBurhenn253::If Isaiah hadn't gotten hot? Really that's your argument? He did get hot so the "if" doesn't matter. He has scored 13, 16 and 11 in the last three games. He's playing great. Also he racks up assist after assist when he plays. He doesnt just score he also sets up team mates. Sac got a steal at 60.
StockonToMalone::Houston now in 4th? Where did they come from? lol
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::I'm out, gn all. GO KINGS!
scow79::Yeah, GG!   Good luck to your Kings in the future
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::thanks, gl to your team also
JBurhenn253::13 Pts in 19 mins on 5-6 shooting from young zeke. Not too shabby
StockonToMalone::If Bell stays out next game that means BURKS!!!
scow79::Exactly what I was thinking during the 4th quarter
StockonToMalone::exaclty
scow79::True.   I think he just reverts back to his college style of play.   The only way to cure that is to give him more playing time.
StockonToMalone::He looked really good tonight. You can tell he kind of forces his shots but that's cause he doesn't get any playng time
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::Fun game, sucks to lose again.
Nmbr1chiefsfn::For those of you hurting on that terrible no OVER check out Armchair All Stars and get free picks for tomorrow. http://armchairallstars.weebly.com/the-spread.html
enal2d::calm down, he missed a three pointer. Bad play on his part, but it's a smart move by the coach to get him an open look. They would have keyed on tyreke cause he is the obvious choice. You can't ask for a better shot to tie at the end by a shooter that has been hitting 50% plus in the last few games.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::That shot would have put them in the lead. It was 93-95 at that point
dallings::He was 3-5 from beyond the arch. Last I checked that is a good percentage. Yea...he missed the game winner but he's a friggin rookie. What do ya expect? I read multiple posts of yours on here and I think you are a moron. You are only here on the boards to hate on Jimmer...but oh well - I only follow the kings (or this stupid game - for that matter) because of Jimmer. So I can't blame you for being into JIMMERMANIA even though you won't admit it!
teufelhunden75::he was drafted because he could make 3's, he didn't, so why is he in the nba again?
polomontana::JIMMER FOR THREE.......OOPS!!!!
deanis67::Why did they trade down to get Jimmer?
pilot1880::you guys are idiots
bryantlives::Cause the Maloofs dont mind losing if they can move the team to LA
305condor305::incompetence
305condor305::stupidity
305condor305::TRADE JIMMER TO MEMPHIS FOR THE IRANIAN
scow79::We'll take him.   We'll even give you Bell for him.   Bell's a very unselfish team player.
PekTheDreamHakeem::<b><a>Kobe would never airball a game tying 3 against the Utah Jazz. Oh wait...</a></b>
Bankai_2069::wow...you're oh so cool...
Loyal Aztecs Chargers Kings Padres Fan::GG Jazz, would have been crazy if he hit the 3 but it was rushed
305condor305::JIMMER IS A BAD FIT FOR THIS TEAM
chadwi12::first smart comment u have said... michael jordan would be a bad fit for this selfish ace squad
bryantlives::thats what the coach gets for listening to the opposing crowd and Jimmer Obsessives
Bankai_2069::wow...you can count!
Bankai_2069::you're adopted
sklater::2nd time you've said that, mom.
sklater::By putting in the teams best 3-point shooter?  The other 3 point shooter had 5 fouls.
