trollificus::Yes, every team that doesn't have a stamped ticket to the confernece finals should just start dumping players, especially the good ones (coz they're not SUPER stars, right?). Thibidoux can't coach and there must be 50 or 60 great players the Bulls can easily obtain if they'll only get rid of THESE players, right?  Ah, the magic "other guys"! The magic Free Agents, the 60 magic 20-year-old Hall of Famers just waiting to propel the Bulls (Suns, Sixers, Jazz, Bobcats, Celtics,
ss ss::Bulls should just tank this season. They probably not gonna get Jabari or Wiggins, but still this is a good year. Use Bobcat's pick if have to and draft a good back court and a backup center. Next, I know boozer's contract is ridiculous, but find a way to get rid of it. What would Masai Ujiri do? Then resign Deng, ask him for a discount. Bring in Mirotic he plays like a 3 and he can stretch the floor And Finally build depth that is one of the biggest reason Miami is in the finals the last three years.  PG: Rose/ Heinrich (resign vet minimum) or Draft pick (combo guard that can hit the three) SG: Butler/ Snell/ Augustine SF: Deng/ Dunleavy PF: Gibson/ Mirotic/ Murphy C: Noah/ Draft pick/ Nazr  This team has depth. It has scoring and defense
Commenter::another 70 point night on 37% shooting... man is this team hard to watch!!!
Jabari::Get it together, Chicago!
Daniel::What a disappointment... Looks like its going to be a rebuilding year from here on out
Tony Anthony::Time to pick Henson up on fantasy!
Chuck::0-10??  Really, Kirk?  When Teague outscores you, it's been a bad day.  When he does it by only scoring 2 points, it's time to retire.  Anyone scoring 1 point in 40 minutes of play needs to seriously reconsider their choice of profession.  As if we don't have enough going wrong this season, must we also have to deal with your glaring mediocrity?
another1::Tanks for the memories Hinrich.  Perfect guy to lead the Bulls into the lottery.  Don't look now but Charlotte has a better record than the Bulls.  Maybe we get two shots at the lottery.
Cyril::I have been a long-time Bulls fan.  With the Bulls, it always goes back to poor personnel decisions.  They get productive players who work well together, and then they dump them and bring in new ones the next year.  We had a fairly decent bench group a couple of years ago that needed some slight tweaking.  Instead they had a fire sale and we ended up with guys like Vladimir Radmanovic. If you look at the list of guys who were on this team recently, you see we could have a decent backup point guard like CJ Watson or even Nate Robinson, instead of Marquis Teague.  They traded away Kyle Korver for cash and a trade exception, and then they never used the trade exception and let it expire instead.   Over the last year, we saw Noah, Boozer, and Gibson each miss extended periods of time with various injuries, yet they completely ignored the center position in the free agent market, and in the draft they got a slow, skinny Steve Novak-wannabe in Erik Murphy.  And here we are just over a month into the season with Nazr Mohammed starting a game or two while Noah sits. It's disgraceful.
a yahoo user::As long as the Chicago Bulls continue to have the 2 sloppy,clumsy idiots roaming around in the paint (Boozer and Noah)including the Taj Mahal Gibson they will never get past teams in the playoffs better than them (Indiana Pacers, the Western Conference teams, Atlanta Hawks, Brooklyn Nets, Miami Heat) with or without D Rose. Same #$%$ every season the past few years. The tumbling, bumbling big idiots falling down in the paint and missing dunks and layups (Boozer, Naoh, Gibson), , streaker shooting guards, the deep voiced gruffy voiced dumb coach, Tom Tippytoes. Same results everytime. The better team won tonight, your Milwaukee Bucks. The Pacers are a much much better team than the overrated Bulls.
