dante2900::rondo is overrated
cdub2103::Rondo for Kevin Love. Straight up.
MiamiFloridians::Timberwolves are not that stupid.
mpascal333::" Leandro Barbosa back for the Raptors". Well done NBA recap voiceover guy..
rondo2KG::Once we are playing games where a single turnover in the 4th quarter is the difference between winning and losing, you will see how badly we miss Rondo.  The Heat/Bulls will make you pay if Pierce is brining the ball up too often.
galozus::I agree, yet is amazing how much heart these guys have...
19brom::alright well the season might have already been over when we started 4-19 but now its officially done, would need to be absolutly perfect to do anything this year which ant gonna happen
fbbscr10::i have been saying thisall year rondo holds onto the ball to long
Road dog Red::and yer right
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Nice win guys, way to stick one out till the end. I love the double-double from KG, so awesome! Go CELTICS.
Road dog Red::The ball is Moving The players are Groovin The TEAM is winning..... Rondo who???
Road dog Red::CELTICS HoooRAH
Dwayne_Johnson23::C's!!!!!
QCao1::Boston finally reaches their potential as a team, and Doc shows his skillsets as a Coach.  This team is do much better without Rondo!
Theironrod2012::Ruby Gay &gt; Lebron  KG&gt; Lebron
Credil54::I've been following a bet system called SportsBettingStar a few months back. Since I started playing this system I have doubled my money in just two months. You can find this system on the first page of google if you search the words Sports Betting System.  I recommend this system to anyone that likes to bet on sports
timgan19::Wow, five straight without Rondo. I guess he wasn't as valuable as I (and everyone else) thought.
beebopbaloop::Guess again.
TresMilagro::We win 6, lose 6, win 6 .... I want to know just who the hell put us on this roller coaster. wtf?
19brom::just got back from the game, such a buzz kill, fuckk garnett and the celtics, had no business losing to those old dogs
TresMilagro::?????????
Brandon Bass Elbow Jumper::Breeding ground of trolls
martin is back 100::anyone here
Jdzspace::your mom
paulleena12::Kobe on Rondo:   "I love his attitude, I love his chippiness, his edge, his intellect, his know-it-allness. All of it.  What guard have you seen at his size that will get you 18 assists, 17 boards and 20 points all in one game? That's unheard of. I love that kid. "
TresMilagro::When Kobe starts making up his own words ...... he'll, he's always only had two pages in his dictionary. What am I talking about?
It aint cool being no jive turkey so close to Thanksgiving::If Kobe loves a players' attitude that's a warning sign for any GM.  Time to trade him.
martin is back 100::wow thats awsome
martin is back 100::at least the bruins also won
martin is back 100::i hope the hawks and celtics are still in the playoff hunt on march 29th that would be a good game to go to
Jdzspace::Kobe and DJ in the Garden  who would have thunk?   https://twitter.com/kobebryant/status/299215943379333120/photo/1
Dribbird.::Awesome.
_I Am A Celtic_::?
martin is back 100::wish we picked kobe
_I Am A Celtic_::Don't remind me
Jdzspace::he worked out for the Celtics pre draft in 96  we went with Toine
martin is back 100::bucks lost hell yeah
Celtics are too good::i mean the next games
Celtics are too good::we need the hawks and nets to lose too
martin is back 100::they both won
Celtics are too good::Looks like we are gettin the 7th seed now
paulleena12::So C's are tied for 7th seed.  Moving in the right direction.
Celtics4Life941::C" should of picked up Oj Mayo instead of Barbosa, Terry and Lee! Hell they could of got Mayo and Barbosa and been much better off! Mayo is only 26 and can ball!
hulk-smash-20::Post KG Era, who's next? Centres: Gortat Pekovic Al Jeff Mcgee Noah Sanders
Jdzspace::Al jeff sounds good :p  is he half al jefferson, half Jeff Green?  i'de take that,  we have the technology, we can make him better,faster , stronger
hulk-smash-20::Him and sully would be grabbing rebounds with ease, but i worry about our defense with them
BeLikeWater.::OH well I had my laughs tonight at the expense of Lester, Noles and spartyx (all the same poster I suppose)...later all
martin is back 100::later
bradys kung fu kick::I see the head pink hat troll is still falling for it .  Hook  Line  And Sinker.  Every time.... Too funny ........ Too easy.
martin is back 100::oh yea lindsay if you ask me if its past my bed time its not
Dribbird.::Hi Lindsay
martin is back 100::lindsay is that you
martin is back 100::nope dont have to do it all week and if you ask why im on vaca
bradys kung fu kick::martin is back 100 - did you see there game tonight  No, I didn't see THEIR game.  Did you do your homework tonight?
martin is back 100::did you see there game tonight
bradys kung fu kick::Hey little marty.  The celtics really suck.
HeatManZE...........::I am a real American, Fight for the rights of every man, I am a real American, fight for what's right, fight for your life!  When it comes crashing down, and it hurts inside, ya' gotta take a stand, it don't help to hide, Well, you hurt my friends, and you hurt my pride, I gotta be a man; I can't let it slide, I am a real American, Fight for the rights of every man, I am a real American, fight for what's right, fight for your life! however celtics fans blow
BeLikeWater.::<b>Hey Lester..u could not take the heat so u resorted to lame 5th grade lies and threats..HAHAHAh u have NO idea how to run an IP trace... btw, u have been reported to the FBI as an unstable person who brings up child porn...sorry kid but it's for ur own good</b>
martin is back 100::lol and he will allways be a 5th grade liar
BeLikeWater.::LOL..later all....outta here with some GREAT laughs...LOLOL
pauleena12::I've had to fight to be myself and to be respected. I'm proud to carry this stigma and call myself a lesbian. I don't boast about it or broadcast it, but I don't deny it. I've had to confront society and the Church, which says that homosexuals are damned. That's absurd. How can someone who's born like this be judged? I didn't attend lesbian classes. No one taught me to be this way. I was born this way, from the moment I opened my eyes in this world. I've never been to bed with a man. Never. That's how pure I am; I have nothing to be ashamed of. My gods made me the way I am.
Jdzspace::this is neither the time, nor place to talk about your orientation, your church, or who you have or haven't been to bed with.   unless of course it was Keith's mom, she's easy game  ask anyone
PP owns Rondo::My mom is dead, moron.
paulleena12::Who is this idiot???  Get off my back !
Dribbird.::Ignore it and it will go away
HeatManZE...........::you are not even hot
Dribbird.::1 "L"   troll account
BeLikeWater.::and dated today...so obvious
martin is back 100::im so glad i dont have to wake up at 5 30 tomarrow thank you vaca
Celtics4Life941::Celtics management was pissed Perkins didn't play game 7 against lakers in 2010! We know C"s would of won! That's why they didn't offer him more money!
Celtics4Life941::I just don't have a good feeling about Jeff green! He's not a play maker! He can't get his own shot!
Jdzspace::Orlando begs to differ
Jdzspace::offered him the most money he could offer him. ...what else could he do?
BeLikeWater.::<b>Hey Lester, if ur a good little boy, I'll send ur mamma home with ALL her teeth after she B.L.OWS me...all 6 of them!!!</b>
Dribbird.::J-Smoove is so mad.
hulk-smash-20::hes liking his own comments lmao i feel sorry for him more than anything
Jdzspace::it is his natural state
J-SMOOVE78787::only trade celdicks should try is for pekovic
PP owns Rondo::JD  You were too hard on Ray Ray. Lol
Jdzspace::f.ck Judas, that two faced piece of trash. If anything i go easy on him  "really, you should boo the team, not me"   FU.K YOU JUDAS!  proudest point in this season is that snake being booed EVERY TIME he touched the ball  two faced piece of human sh.t
Jdzspace::i hope he wants to retire a Celtic, and Danny sets up a big event for him at the Garden. then comes out to center court, takes his old jersey, lays it on the ground and takes a wet, sloppy joe dump on it, then lights it on fire and tell him  "the name on the front of the jersey, is more important than the name on the back, f.ck you"   and then walks away while the crowd cheers and then boos him out of the arena
PP owns Rondo::Lol
Spartyx7::im out go raps. FuCK that little bitch troll. good game celtics fans
BeLikeWater.::sucky me? LOL we are all LAUGHING at u
Lester Averman Part Deux::BelikeWater/ Martin is back/ Paul144 are the same IP. You are a pro troll. I still reported your search for young boys to homeland security though. So in the end you lose.
BeLikeWater.::LOL stay delusiona;l now we all know ur are a 5th grade liar...LOLOL
martin is back 100::if he is a 5th grader then is it past his bed time
martin is back 100::lester dont worry miami will still suck when football comes back
Celtics4Life941::Get rid of Bass and get big baby back! At least big baby has fire!!
Celtics4Life941::Bass is a wuss and doesn't hustle!
Harry1036::bass is mark blount 2.0
Celtics4Life941::But he is a play maker and hustles hard like KG!
Harry1036::lol. seriously davis? undersize forward for another undersize immature player?smh
J-SMOOVE78787::he is injured for season
Jdzspace::and a broken foot. . . .yeah  no
1748Daniel1748::players from kentucky are just trouble...
martin is back 100::its funny how be like water keeps geting lester mad
BeLikeWater.::LOL...and Noles and Spartyx..I own them..LOLOL
Spartyx7::I hate trolls man. Sorry if I insulted anyone but that clown bitch
BeLikeWater.::wanna s.uck my c.ock like ur mamma did? that will make u feel better LOL..seems like ur the only one who is raging as we all LAUGH at u
1748Daniel1748::jefferson or gortat would be fine for me
BeLikeWater.::LOL..look at Lester still whining below...LOL
Harry1036::gortat can be great, can't be worse than bass-collins-wilcox combined.
J-SMOOVE78787::gortat is soft
Lester Averman Part Deux::Thanks for the backup tonight on this board. You are just as bad as that troll. Let yourselves get messed with. W/E
martin is back 100::lol thank you now the fins board is the team that allways lose
GiantFootMnstr::You are a dolphins fan and you are trashing Boston teams for not winning enough. Thanks for the laughs.
BeLikeWater.::HAHAH WHINE away LOSER...LOL that was EASY
GiantFootMnstr::Boston Celtics, great franchise. Miami Dolphins.... not so much.
J-SMOOVE78787::al jefferson and nikolai pekovic are 2 players the celtics should try to trade for.
Spartyx7::And you're the only cunt bitch
kcheck212::oh great, my ex wife is here?
