fosbe2009::Like the Knicks with Amar'e, are the Warriors worse with Bogut in the lineup?
fosbe2009::This Warriors team is mad overrated. Two straight losses at home?
PhillyDawg99::"Just wait until we get Bogut back..."    -- Warriors fans that thought the W's were the class of the Pacific division
shakk88::Oh yeah life is good in the city of angels!  All three teams ahead of us mnaged to loose last night.  Looks like we could even make a run for the 6th seed instead of the 8th spot.  Go Lakers!!!
OmniVersal::I feel that's what will happen so the NBA can have an all LA first round playoff series.
Bala88::Is it me or does Bogut move like a 102 year-old man on the court?
Bucks_fan_for_real.....::Warriors need to amnesty Biedrins and buy out Bogut.  Two big men just bringing dead weight to their cap space.
Hardaway79::They already used their amnesty on Charlie Bell's 1 year 4 or 5 million deal. Biedrins was the obvious choice but they are the Warriors so they messed it up.
shakk88::I agree with you totally on Bogut's sorry $@%!!!  The guy will never be healthy so get rid of the dead weight while you can.  You guys would be decent if you had a center.  I heard Bynum wants to come back to Cali so there you go.  Once he gets a haicutand get off that !$@%!$@ Don King look,  Bynum will be fine.  Go Lakers!!!
RogerBraun::Get rid of one always injured center for another one. Great idea
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::Time for my nightly "Bogut is horrible and the trade still sucks" post.
Broken j::I shoulda known the bucks will win this game.  Monta and udoh playing against their old team,  Jennings has everything to prove against curry. Nice win. Redick has worked perfectly for the team.
Ravens go Hard::Get em Monta.
adsohig::Why do illini fans pour their cereal on plates?
notoriousV1G::u suck. how does it feel to ride the bandwagon?
adsohig::because they keep losing their bowls!!      (illinois sucks)
Sultan837::who is the player thats making 9 million is year ,and did not play a min. in tonight game ? And its not David Lee !
Bucks_fan_for_real.....::Andris Biedrins??
Broken j::Gooden
CamOverRG3::Jennings was tearing up Curry out there
Broken j::He always do
lisektosoid63::Congrats Bucks ! We knew you'll win this game ! - Teamless in Seattle
Broken j::If that happened, no public buildings or highways in wi will be named after him.
Broken j::Ha ha. Yeah right. That would look bad for senator kohl's legacy. StarBucks is a fitting name though.
Butuss::im out have a nice night people.
Oakland RIVERCATS::I don't think I've ever seen anyone as mentally strong as Kobe Bryant, in all of sports... besides possibly Jordan.
SF_Bay_Henri::Kobe is a beast
SF_Bay_Henri::BOGUT SUCKS BALL
adsohig::says the guy from San Francisco. LOLZ
SF_Bay_Henri::I SAW HIM IN CASTRO AREA
Butuss::Oakland RIVERCATS - LeBron says rings don't count, yet he went to Miami to get rings.. surrounded by top talent.  --  LeBron says rings don't count, but a bunch of f.ucking idiots think rings determine whether or not a player is great. No sh.it LeBron would ring chase if it meant being in the upper echelon in the majority's eyes.
Papas fritas and egg rolls::Rings do count other wise Barkley would be remembered like Duncan will be some day and Stockton would be remembered in the ways that Isaiah is.
Butuss::Rings DO count, but not as drastically as many people think.
Oakland RIVERCATS::Oh so he's doing everything for someone else, great argument.
Butuss::..and just because he says rings don't count when arguing which player is better doesn't mean he doesn't want to win a ring. I can't speak for LeBron, but I'm sure none of us would pass on winning a chip.
danl3980::i'd take lebron in a hear beat over kobe
KN_WisconsinFan::Lebron is better overall but Kobe is damn good.
Oakland RIVERCATS::Nor the mental toughness.
slick0816::Lebron has the size and power but nowhere near the pure basketball skill set, heart  or  competitive fire that Kobe has
JimineyCricket69er::Cant Compare lebrons 1 ring to the Kobes long term greatness.  Only in time can Lebron POSSIBLY catch Kobe.
Butuss::Also leading the Dream Team Lakers to 32-31.
Oakland RIVERCATS::No he had Shaq, whom Kobe and Shaq were arguably the best duo in NBA history.
JimineyCricket69er::Kobe had top talent his first 3.  Pau Odom and FIsher suck.
Oakland RIVERCATS::LeBron says rings don't count, yet he went to Miami to get rings.. surrounded by top talent.
The Ersan 7::No matter how you cut it, Kobe chokes, suck it easy Lakers fans.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mUTIUb6Y2nw
Papas fritas and egg rolls::I like the fact that Kobe is always willing to accept the challenge as well as in scrutiny or criticism that comes along with failing as well as any praise that comes along with succeeding you'll never see him pass off to a Donyell Marshall or a Haslem every time even early in his career when he was fighting for time he came off the bench and shot 3 air balls that cause the Lakers exit from the playoffs, but it didn't change him or his mindset.Difference between  Kobe fans and Lebrons.
Snarles Barkely::I don't know about accepting the critics.  He deals w/ it better than most but he is also a big believer in throwing others under the bus.  Sometimes its fair, but not always.
Oakland RIVERCATS::You. Are. A. Bucks. Fan. So. Suck. It. Easy.
blacbird3::Thank you bucks for lately bringing these west pretenders back to reality
adsohig::As a bucks fan it actually makes me really sad to see bogut play. he was my favorite player for the longest time on the bucks but he is just so injury prone that he becomes a liability.
shakk88::Feel bad for a guy that doesn't show up for work in three years and gets paid a kings ransome in the process?  Something is wrong with this picture but oh well.  Maybe the Bucks will take him back after Jennings decides to take his talents back to the West Coast!  Go Lakers!!!
The Ersan 7::There was a lot of hope.  But in the end, I think Bogut was a little lazy.  Never wanted to live up to his number 1 billing.
Jonbroni8842::Disagree that he's lazy. He was turning into something special during the fear the deer run until his elbow was ripped off. Feel bad for him as well.
JimineyCricket69er::He looks awful out there.
BEARS_beets_BattlestarGalactica::Lebron was skinnier than Durant when he came out of high school. Lebron juiced just like Ryan Braun and Stern is going t do whatever to make sure it doesn't get out -- just like Selig did for Braun.
Encaladitos::I remember seeing him in the mcdonalds thing i think, he was already pretty big then.
Papas fritas and egg rolls::He game 30 plus pounds pretty quick with out sacrificing any speed and has never been hurt....
cbcash4678::When he was 18 he was a solid 220....wtf u talking about?
cbcash4678::Uh, skinnier than Durant.....you $@%!$@% high?
adsohig::why doesn't iowa have a football team?
adsohig::because then illinois would want one too
The Ersan 7::Lebron skinnier than Durant? Please get your eyes checked! Lebron was massive from the get go.
Snarles Barkely::He was certainly not massive in hs... But comparing him to Durant is a joke, but I assume its hyperbole.    I think the the NBA wants to stay as far away from this as possible.  Makes me wonder a little about selig's retirement.    Only real chance it comes out is if tax dollars start to be wasted..which is sad.  That's not to say LeBron is/was using anything ... It's just that its certainly out there.
The Ersan 7::Hey you guys, Oakland is right, we should wait until the Playoffs to judge greatness.  Like two years ago, when Kobe was swept by the Mavs, but he was clutch so what else can you say?  Or how about last year, when this happened....  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c5yHsipowNw
joe 1138 2056::these teams should be banned from the playoffs.
minifarmgirl12::you should be banned from your parents' basement
Oakland RIVERCATS::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lIAUycCR6QM  Nuff said later haters.
Papas fritas and egg rolls::when Lebron has a career year in his 17 th season than we can properly access them but until then you have no grounds on which to scrutinize Kobe's play hell D-wade been breaking down already.
Papas fritas and egg rolls::Kobe has been dominating in the playoffs since Lebron was in Pre-school sometime I wander if you guys ever think before you post.
SMANGANG::the pass two (will be three) seasons... lmao hahahahahahaah morons!!
Butuss::Too bad Kobe hasn't done anything in the playoffs in the past two (will be three) seasons.
Butuss::Wait, didn't you say only playoff performances count? Did you change your mind, bud?
Butuss::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGoxIvuPtmo
The Ersan 7::Quantity over quality.  His percentage in clutch situations is garbage.
Oakland RIVERCATS::No it isn't you are so stupid.  Best closer in the game period.
The Ersan 7::Kobrick 6-24 against the Celtics game 7, that's choking.  Gasol should have been the MVP no doubt, carried Kobe on his back the entire series.
sponsoredbytwinkie::this is an apples to apples argument.. both are terrific, both were needed to be champions
Papas fritas and egg rolls::Playing with Wade &gt;playing with Pau
blacbird3::@ The Ersan 7...Dude go to bed... How many ships Gasol had before teaming up with Kobe? 0 Case in point
JimineyCricket69er::Lol   Ive been defending Lebron but Pau hasnt carried jack.
SMANGANG::Ersan 7 must be a lebronze sluper.. lmao haahhaah.. how do you choke when in that game you just won the title!! idiots!! ahahhaahh
The Ersan 7::I'm talking about the past Finals.  Kobe definitely rode Pau to two titles.
JimineyCricket69er::Is Klay Thompson seriously good?
sponsoredbytwinkie::he is good, but flawed.. I believe he'll have a Steve Smith like career.. not the best athlete or defender
Oakland RIVERCATS::Definition of clutch is playoffs, not 2012-13 stats... it's still the regular season and isn't even over yet!
Butuss::LOL. You are a great example of an LA fan living in the past. So, past playoff performances determine whether or not a player is clutch?   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGoxIvuPtmo.
The Ersan 7::Kobe is soooo clutch, though!
The Ersan 7::Dude, Kobe is awful in the Playoffs.  Lebron absolutely dominates in the playoffs.
Butuss::Oakland RIVERCATS - you're seriously on his dick and are a bucks fan.  --  <b> You're on Kobe's dick.</b>
adsohig::With the bucks recent hot streak after the trade involving redick, does anyone think the bucks go up a couple seeds in the playoffs? i think they could get up past boston at #6
KN_WisconsinFan::7 is more likely
The Ersan 7::Yes, they will.
sponsoredbytwinkie::could happen.. but all of a sudden Boston is playing great too
ice_in_my_veinz::BUCKS SUCK  WARRIORS SUCK  BOTH 1ST ROUND EXITS
shakk88::Both are 1st round exits???  The warriors may not make it at the rate they are falling so don't speak too soon my man.  Don't worry,  the SOCAL teams (I can't believe I said that) will represent the CA proudly!!!  Go Lakers!!!
joe 1138 2056::neither deserve to be in the playoffs at all.
Tyler45818::who deserves to be in before the bucks?
ChuckGF::should we put Sacramento in there instead? They're amazing.
sponsoredbytwinkie::have a good night Eunuch
Chester0128::History is not Favor on LeBron side....when his team had best records in the regular season,,, never been in the Finals.......He had taken Cleveland twice for the best records 2 years in a row.....but knocked out both times....one by the Orlando and other by the Boston......That's the FACT  Lebron fans ...don't be so exited yet.....Make sure ask LBJ to tell Bosh ....Win or Loose ...don't cry ...It's just a game !!!!!!!
shakk88::That's straight BS my man so go back and take a look at your fact sheet before making bogus statements.  I guess you never heard of the Chicago Bulls and the 72-10 record  they had while winning it all the same year.  Go Laketrs!!!  The best record won't matter this year any way.  The worst record may actually when the whole damn thing if the playoffs were to start today.
cbcash4678::Oakland haha sour grapes $@%!$@!  How you liking Bogus lol.  Tried telling you dumb %!$ oak landers you were getting a bum.  Enjoy!
BEARS_beets_BattlestarGalactica::Not to mention the steroids thing.
The Ersan 7::You're seriously nervous about Lebron winning another Chip aren't you?
Oakland RIVERCATS::you're seriously on his dick and are a bucks fan.
minifarmgirl12::go bucks!
Lakers4life254::https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xz0ZPFKvcXc  Lebrick show in clutch
JimineyCricket69er::Or......  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1Px-jPm_TU  Show me when Kobe can touch that.
sponsoredbytwinkie::wrong room fruitcake
Butuss::http://bleacherreport.com/articles/1558686-the-25-most-statically-clutch-players-of-the-2012-13-nba-season -- Stats don't lie.
Oakland RIVERCATS::2012-13 lol and the season isn't even over.. a whopping 2% lmao idiot.
JimineyCricket69er::KD IS THE MOST REF-RELIANT PLAYER IN THE NBA.
Jared young112460::Harden
The Ersan 7::Clearly you've never watched Kobe play.
Papas fritas and egg rolls::Harden and not even close.
JimineyCricket69er::Up there too.
sponsoredbytwinkie::stop fouling him then
JimineyCricket69er::He doesnt even go hard to the hole half the time and still lives on the line.,
joe 1138 2056::leblocked = leroids
shakk88::You think?  Is taht why the NBA has decided to do a little testing soon?  I often wondeed why the NBA elected not to do more drug testing.
The Ersan 7::I like that, leblocked, like this you mean?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bHjtGMqm9o8
Butuss::Ok so, allegedly using roids means you used roids, while allegedly raping a woman means you didn't rape a woman...Gotcha.
BEARS_beets_BattlestarGalactica::Why is one exclusive from the other? Both of them did it.
Papas fritas and egg rolls::Oh their's plenty of signs early hair loss rapid change in physique erratic behavior.
shakk88::That's no real sign is it???  Lyle Alzado sure had a head full of hair and so did that idot linebacker who played for the 9ers!  Oh yeah Romo
JimineyCricket69er::huge balls dangling in your mouth
Oakland RIVERCATS::Medical records.
The Ersan 7::There no allegedly for Lebron.  Just Kobetards trying to wrap their minds around Lebron's greatness.
The Ersan 7::Kobe quits on his team.  No joke, this is actually quitting... and choking away a 3-1 series lead.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGoxIvuPtmo
JimineyCricket69er::Pretty bad.  Cancels out Lebrons Celtics poon job.
Hair - Heavy::Lakers owe the Bucks a cookie or something, in the past 5 games, the Bucks have defeated the Warriors, Rockets, Mavs, and Jazz.
vanjo77::Lakers will give them Robert Sacre as a gift.
shakk88::No Pau Gasoft for Ellis and Jennings would be better.  Bring those two back to the West Coast baby!!!!
adsohig::Lakers fans are the worst and cockiest in the nba (you should be offended because celtics fans SUCK)
BEARS_beets_BattlestarGalactica::Yeah, but they're loyal. The Heat fans are the worst in the NBA.
JimineyCricket69er::Celtics fans suck balls too.
joe 1138 2056::lakers &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; clippers rd 1 WC playoffs.
Encaladitos::keep telling yourself that. Even Mem would score alot on this defense.
JimineyCricket69er::lakers D is pretty pathetic lol  No heart
JimineyCricket69er::Lol its gonna be awesome.
Papas fritas and egg rolls::Lebroid James.
galingako::Got block twice by Kobe in the all star game....But anyways this a Warriors and Bucks board Ty Bucks got my money back and won a little...
Papas fritas and egg rolls::Nice joke you must have turned over a laffy taffy or something.
JimineyCricket69er::KOBE ROBOT KNEES BRYANT
Butuss::If LeBron has 1/2 a ring, Kobe has 4. Kings-Lakers WCF Game 6.
shakk88::Lebron is a beast so there is no denying that.  Is he the best of all time?  I guess it depends on who you ask.  You have to admit the dude can straight out ball!
vanjo77::If it is like that then Lebron has 0 championships. 2012 Finals games 2-5.
JimineyCricket69er::Lol you must be kidding  KD relies more on refs than anyone.
JimineyCricket69er::I remember thinking....this must be rigged as I watched it.,....
The Ersan 7::So true, without a doubt the most obviously rigged Lakers game ever... and there are a lot to choose from!
Bala88::lol how does this board turn into a Lebron vs Kobe debate?
shakk88::and you know that!!! Laker are the freaking best in the NBA and try checking out these other sorry $@% boards around the league.  Even the haters have gotten in on the act despite this being a down year.  What ya gona do next year when will pick up a couple of key role players next year?  Go Lakers!!!
The Ersan 7::Kobetards showed up.
slick0816::It's all about the Lakers dude......we run these boards!
adsohig::because lakers fans troll and everyone else knows lebron is the best player
joe 1138 2056::lebron IS the NBA.
adsohig::Brandon jennings has been going crazy with assists lately. I'm loving it
Bala88::Looking to justify that max deal
Butuss::If LA won the championship in the lockout season none of these Kobetards would say Kobe has  5 1/2 rings. LOL.
The Ersan 7::Too bad Kobe sucks and can't even win a championship in a lockout season.  He must really suck, can't even win half a ring.
Oakland RIVERCATS::Yeah they'd just say 5 and still laugh at you.
slick0816::Boom
Hair - Heavy::Any Bucks fan know if Ilyasova will be back for tomorrow's game?
The Ersan 7::Probs not.
FTLakerFan::GS sinking fast, Lakers will get the 6 spot and play the clippers, gs will gt 7 and Houston will get 8
Encaladitos::just what the lakers want a team that can run the floor with tons of depth.
vanjo77::memphis will be the 3rd seed so the lakers will play them.
HeyNowAikoAiko87::I agree.
Lakers4life254::riodejeremy "Wake me up when Kobe has a game like Lebron did Game 6 against Boston when the pressure is the highest."   You mean how he quit and ran to miami. Nice example idiot
Lakers4life254::Game six against boston Lebrons stat line 8-21  9 turnovers 10 assists. Definition of quit.
oilstriker::which game six are you talking about?   I think he's talking about   19-26 fg 15 Reb 5 Assists 4 to.
adsohig::kobe raped a chick. lebron doesn't have that on his resume
shakk88::man you need to get off that $@%!!!!!  He paid a hefty price for that mistake so let it be already.  Only in the CO does a trumped up case like that goes to trial.  That was a unvleievable that the tax payers $$$ was wasted on that bull $@%! as case.  When was the last time you heard from the victim if you truly beleive it was in fact ra\pe.  Had he been a white boy that $@%! wouldn't have gotten the time of day!
slick0816::$@%!$@%! ...he banged a cheap money seeking $@%!$ . Not anything to be proud of but rape...I think not. But keep saying it if it makes you feel better
The Ersan 7::Quit? Do you understand what the word quit means?
joe 1138 2056::it's great to see andrew bogut back healthy and contributing.
