Rob Soldo::Definition of rare Melo shooting %50 in a game
Shawn Bento::Knicks suck.  FACT.
James Garcia::FACT
Matt Micros::This Knicks team is going nowhere.  Period. Old. Slow. No depth. No consistent shooting. Brutal to watch. They'll be lucky to win 40 games and the guy they traded their future for, will leave them high and dry at the end of the season, cementing Dolan as the worst owner in modern sports history.
Steven Rivera::Old? group of 28-29 year olds are old?
Zachary Clark::I would like to introduce you to jerry jones
Mike Plummer::Carmelo is running neck and neck with Derrick Rose for most overrated player in the league.
Zachary Clark::Please melo has had that award easily won since he got into the league
Vin Turner::Rose is an MVP, Melo yes, Rose no.
Kenyatte Reed::Haha Knicks cant beat the Cats.. lmaoooo
Roderick Goggenheimer::Mello is a self absorbed punk.
Luc Whissell::And his wife tastes like Honeynut Cheerios.
P-tb Phan::Knicks is overrated
Amir Shirazi::Not a Knicks fan , but English much !!! Lmao. " is"
David Kim::Says the guy who made mistakes too.
Tony Sanchez::LOL, now only 50 comments. The mods deleting posts as soon as they are made. Must be Knicks fans?
Paul Nellom::The Knicks are terrible lol. They will be fighting to get an 8th seed only to get swept in the first round in true Carmelo fashion.
Steven Rivera::only 4 games into the season, relax
Tim Moore::Melo is a one trick pony, scoring. He is mediocre in every other phase of the game. He is surrounded by a bunch of scrubs and has-beens. NY fans need to start facing reality, their team isn't very good.
Julie Allison Gomez::Totally agree. Carmelo is not our answer.  Team has too many holes to be a contender.  I know season just started but last two games have been embarrasing.  Grrrrrrrrrr.
Luc Whissell::I could swear Knicks fans thought they had a Championship calibre team this year lol.
Luc Whissell::And to think Bargnani was a 1st overall draft pick LMAO!!!!
Curtis Cuffie::Please stop trolling he took 5 shots.....
Bob Primosch::The Knicks have exactly one player on their roster who may still have some upside (Shumpert).  Everyone else is as good as they are ever going to be, or worse.  Which makes them that much easier to defend -- the rest of the league has already seen their act (Bargnani is making me miss Steve Novak -- not surprised Melo did his standard 10-28 tonight - wait till Sir Launchalot returns from suspension -- CLANG!!!!).  If Dolan is really on the warpath, Woodson might not last 30 games.
Steven Rivera::Melo needs help right now he's the only offense they have and opposing teams are double teaming him making it difficult, Melo is finding the open man but he can't shoot and make shots for them. The other players have to step up and Knock down their open looks
Steven Rivera::Here comes the Melo hate. LOL you clowns are retarded. Melo actually gave Felton and Shump open looks especially Felton during the last 2 minutes of the game, Its not Melo fault if Felton cant hit a dam open 3 pointer
Marcus Grein::preach!! these scrubs don't understand basketball!
Tony Cristaldi::Melo is having way too many 10-28 type stat lines
Zachary Clark::Please keep melo for the rest of his career he has peaked as a player and after this year he won't even be a top 10 player
Chris Grosvenor::The Knicks have low basketball IQs.
Scott Dorian Dancer::when prigioni is not on the floor. yes they do. been complaining about that since last season. all iso and athleticism. very little team basketball.
Sean Patrick Coon::Scott Dorian Dancer lucky prigioni is young and will be around for… bwahahaha!
Brian Hanie::ISO is the only basketball Melo will play which is why Lin was oddly ran out of town.    Even though Lin is erratic
Junior Gokool::This Knicks team traded away a 1st rd pick for Bargnani,  terrible and inept move by management. I guess its just par for the course.
Kid-Fresh Claggett::Woodson might get fired early in season. ... his big man rotation is terrible. .. Kenyon Martin on bench
Glen Alban::The Knicks need more of a team effort and less of Camelo!
Brad Nordlund::Carmelo Anthony is a cancer to any team he is on.
Dt Givens::Dude took 28 shots (plus 10 free throws) to score 32 points and only has 2 assissts.   PASS THE BALL!!!
Steven Rivera::Moron watch the game, Melo passed the ball to his wide open teammates too bad they cant knock down open shots. Its not like Melo is playing with Ray Allen or Dwayne Wade by his side.
Dt Givens::Steven Rivera First...watch your mouth.  Melo missed 18, Felton missed 9...nobody else took double digit shots.   Second, it doesn't take a genius to figure out if you miss 18 FGs, and score 32 points, you didn't have an efficient game.  So if your teammates are missing, you stop passing so you can miss as well?  The Knicks offense is stagnant, very little player and ball movement.  Melo could help the team and himself by being a better facilitator.
Franz Atencia::Marsh-Melo Anthony shot 10-28? Pretty awesome by his standard
Steven Rivera::Another lonely prick
Victor Aguilera::Melo, 23 pts., 2 assists………."I got mine"!
Luc Whissell::This just in, Dolan has just fired the cheerleaders.
Tony Sanchez::Carmelo SCORES...for the Bobcats.
Gino Foggia::Okay let's break down this loss all on Melo Yellow: Carmelo was 10-28; 2-5 3 pt... Okay if Melo passes the ball 5 times, never watched the game but knowing Melo he put up at least 5 shots that were destine to be clankers.. if he finds a teammate in the post or paint who can drive to the rim you find what is that? a baskets or known as 2 points x 5 = 10 and even just 3 were needed to win the game... Obviously the 2nd biggest ball hog behind Lebron James blew this game.. Like Lechoke does in the 4th, 3 times already Lebrons ego cost the Heat 3 loses.. But Melo is at 1 blown game so far.. gonna be a close one this year for worst so called superstar!
Marcleen Bavogui::u just took idiot to another level
Curtis Cuffie::They kept feeding him the ball, the rest of team is doing nothing blame the coach
Andy P Kordyban::I thought the Knicks played pretty well tonight. Exceeded my expectations.
