wrongcolor::Wow, Parsons had 3 blocks last night! This guy is improving his game at both ends of the court.
inquisitiveman::awesome game by harden and he was looking for his teammates last night..
wrongcolor::He had 8 "assists" for the other team as well. Nice.
karelp::Harden's having a great year, but the team hasn't improved over last year.
myespn007::how is harden having a great year? You must either be a r.etard or you have orgasm just hearing his name.
rEdBuLxTaSy::ANYBODY WHOM DISAGREED WITH YOU MUST BE A LOF?  BOY AREN'T YOU BRIGHT LOL?!:):):)
Dezagcoog::I guess the coaches and the ppl at the NBA disagree with you cause he was chosen as an alternate for the all star game...you must be an LOF
sean8567::ok
sean8567::good
Jason Stone Lee::If D Horward play PG, he should be the best in the NBA because he can dunk 10times a game, score 50points, 10assists, 10TOs.
sean8567::the lakers
bobbydagreat::So Anthony Davis was pushed around and completely outplayed by Patrick Patterson? Ouch...hopefully he turns things around next year.
hernon254::Seriously the pelicans?  Another reason why Louisiana is only good in three day incriments
TimeWarp.::Both times this team announced they were going to be the Pelicans they went on a losing streak. Is that a sign?
chrisman29::The difference between Lin and Harden is that Harden is more apt to create a better percentage shot in an iso or pick and roll situation. Harden is a better perimeter shooter, finisher at the rim, and foul shooter. He does make boneheaded turnovers sometimes, but that is expected when he has to create a good look for himself or someone else due to a lack of a serious post threat. Lin is just not as good as Harden. Not a knock on Lin, just a testament to what Harden brings.
myespn007::harden is a better perimeter shooter? I'm pretty sure if lin stands around like harden, he can shoot better than 5/20 in four continuous games. He shot that badly while being lazy. Imagine harden running around with the ball making plays for his teammate; I'm confident to say he would be exhausted within 9 mins and make 1/8 in the entire game.
Lorenzomax7::Basketball is not just about who is the best in a team,
myespn007::it's about that single player who is so bad that the coach needs to bench more. It can be anyone.
Lorenzomax7::Not many PGs in this league has the abilities that Harden has.
myespn007::yea..the other PGs in the league have better abilities.
Dawan208::And your point!!!
KDisNotNice35::Wow the Pelicans let Lin get 6 steals.
Easygoer8964::Well the Rockets had a much better showing in New Orleans than they had a few weeks ago.  They have got to get to playing much better basketball than they have recently.  I'm a Rockets fan from North Carolina and can tell you that a win over the Bobcats don't mean anything, neither does a win against the Hornets.  It's time the Rockets to tighten their butts upl
remy 88::Lin fans are like a little league player's mother only worse. Blame the coach and the achievers on the team and overstate their little boy's contribution by 1000X.
Swish3And1::Just shut up and go to sleep, way past your bed time kid.
Hank10593::Magic Johnson is a Lin fan. Nuff said.
remy 88::go follow Li Na and F O.
luckywin7::LIn great job 6 steal, 4 TO and +/-   +17, help win this game harden.......1 steal, 8 TO and +/-    +4    well that big difference with lin..... well OKAY GUYS???? i hope harden learned to be team player....and less ball hog.....
contactchingching@yahoo.com::the one who always cares about the stats are so stupid, Kobe score30+ a game, Kyrie Irvin average 23pts per game, John Wall has more talent than Lin but they have something in common is they can't lead their team to win. I just want to point you out team chemistry is very important, good team like Spur and Clippers are all play good team basketball not decide by one particular person. I really wish Harden can be more mature to understand their final goal is lead this team to win. Like todays game when Lin settle down the offense tempo and Harden finish it. Maybe another good start for Houston team.   Finally, i wish Mchale can ask his player to do more screen and pick and roll for their PG. Tonight's game  i see some screen and pick for Lin and resulting is LIn has more room to make his dribble and attack the rim even make more good pass.
contactchingching@yahoo.com::what is your standard for average starting point guard, when Harden take over Lin's PG role and Lin still can get 12pts a game 2 steals 3.8 rebounds 6assists and 3 turnover a game. Is that too bad for a point guard who is not in the right system.
remy 88::Lin was barely an average starting point guard.
Dawan208::How can you say Lin is average without backing it up.  12 points apg is average but having 3 steals a game is above average.  All Lin has to do is shoot more!
Jason Stone Lee::Rox have many good shooters, Carlos, TD, Parsons, Morris, Patterson. Why only Harden made such volume shoots each game? Play so many times ISO??  Even James Lebron and Kobe played team basket ball and trust teamates, why Harden as a SG must handle the ball, dribble, dribble, until last second then jack up or pass to force his teamates to shoot in hurry.   His most assist is come from this, teamates either made it, he got a assist, or missed, teamates got low shooting percentage. This why Harden's stats is good when he handle the ball and teamates always down side.  Then harden becomes the star in the team.
contactchingching@yahoo.com::Kobe just learn it tonight against UTAH. When he pass the ball more often to his teammates, instead ISO and shot himself, good team chemistry occur. That is Harden need to learn, Patrick Patterson said last night,  we have to play unselfishly and trust your teammates and don't try to be hero to decide the team win or lose by one person. I think Harden change a little bit tonight. Less ISO play and let your teammate running the floor not only can spacing out to get a good shot and more importantly you will get more rebounds while all your teammates running.
ForkEmDEVILS13::nobody who hates lin is racist damm.
contactchingching@yahoo.com::Remember Lin's inconsistency comes from his Coach Mchale, sometimes let him play the PG role and sometimes in SG's position. As a coach, you have to let your player knows which is the best spot for you to stay in order to help the team. Today Lin switch back to his PG's position and he has a good night, the other off night just Mchale ask him to stay in the corner to shoot the stupid 3" and be a SG. Can you say it is Lin's inconsistency? i rather say it's a bad coaching.
Swish3And1::Actually Lin played on pretty much fixed rotation with TD when they had their 5 game winning streak. Then Lin got cold and started turning over, and of course McHale benched without hesitation.    There are a lot of things that McHale doing wrong, like not benching Harden when he was cold. This showed favoritism and does not go well with others. Today was good cuz Harden only took 15 shots.
remy 88::Lin's such a nonfactor, it doesn't matter about what position he plays.
Swish3And1::We keep blaming McHale, myself included. I'm now thinking if it's Lin who keeps passing, chill in a corner, and stay passive.
Venalesca::You obviously didn't watch the 4th quarter of the Mav/Rocket game last week.
remy 88::Lin is anything but fearless. Sometimes he gets a shot blocked or takes a hard foul and he won't dribble into the lane again for the love or money.
Jason Stone Lee::Swish3And1 - We keep blaming McHale, myself included. I'm now thinking if it's Lin who keeps passing, chill in a corner, and stay passive.  Lin is fearless man. Have you seen coach always benched Lin just after Lin became hot? Have you seen Harden waved hands everytime when Lin just bring up ball half court? If no lose streak, Lin can not get such minutes and play PG. If Rox got more win in future, Lin will be benched again. This stupid Mcfail just hate Lin because he cut him last year and back without his agree. This is why McHale is almost crazy when Rox got Harden.
contactchingching@yahoo.com::Asik is a nice guy, he is willing to help the defense and rebounding but he really needs to fix his butter hand and lack of ability to finish at the rim. It will leads your PG less confident to pass the ball to you, don't know how Houston can fix this problem?
Jason Stone Lee::I like Lin so watching Rox game, you hate Lin so watch their game then blame Lin. I never write a single words during Linsanity because toooo Blacks (Obama, Lee etc), Whites (Hillary, etc), may be including these Lin haters hyped him over and over.  But when Lin met difficults, all those people became racist immediately, like Lee. Even Lin played very well, these haters put all wins on Harden's beard. Harden ignored Lin, Coaches benched Lin, haters just hate Lin.   That is why so many Lin fans like me came out to help him, because he is high educated, never fight back to such stupid coaches and haters.
remy 88::You're an illiterate.
Hobo Justice::Nobody understands the words coming out of your mouth!
Swish3And1::Carter, stop talking none sense and screaming like a b.it.ch
Hobo Justice::Speaking as a long time Rockets fan, I like Lin and think he's a good addition to the team with a high ceiling of skill potential. He is, however, a rough work and inconsistent. But I'm tired as hell of you Rice Rockets. If you want to cheer for a team, cheer for a team, and don't get mad when it isn't a one man show. Harden has been a godsend this year, and I bet Lin would be the first to agree with that.
sagematic::Agreed.  Harden iso ball is so boring to watch.  More team ball!
elguapo195::I'm a Rockets fan, but I really don't like watching Harden ISO all the damn time.  There's no denying that Harden is the best player, but let's play more team ball.
NewcastleFanVL::Exactly.
ForkEmDEVILS13::I live in az deep paradisevalley so any asian,black kid, Chinese kid is praised at our school lol.
ForkEmDEVILS13::lol im not racist im a scrunny white kid I actually like lin and when lin and harden play well everyones happy.
NewcastleFanVL::When you gotta defend yourself this hard, you probably gotta get rid of the devil in you.
NewcastleFanVL::When you gotta defend yourself this hard, you probably gotta get rid of that devil in you.
ForkEmDEVILS13::im not racist I love harden I have 2 harden t-shirts he went to arizona state I went to games as a kid I grew up with harden I have tickets from all those old asu games. I guess you could say im a fan boy I would like lin if you didnt hate harden hate tony douglas or asik lol.
fred3857::Lin is not lousy at all. He doesn't care about the data but for the win and that's the way we like it.
Swish3And1::He was not lousy today.
pistol111847::Man up and admit you don't like Lin because your'e racist. Don't insult our intelligence and say you don't like Lin because people hate Harden, TD,  etc.
remy 88::Lin's just a lousy player.
walle D_ D::ASik had a slow night, usually what happens when  a 290 pound seven footer tries to go coast to coast. (shauqed the fool moment)
Dawan208::Patrick Patterson played great.  What happen to Chandler Parson with 10 points.   Oh well, he said he had fun anyways!!!!!
MannyTexans24::Are Lin and Harden the only 2 ppl who play for the Rockets? Geez it feels like everybody has to say something good or bad about them.. Be happy we $@%!.ing won and stop acting like little babies.. If ur a TRUE rockets fan you wouldnt be talkin bout how lin did this or harden did that.. You should talk bout the team as a whole and stop whining! Patterson played GREAT tonight and yet i dont see a single comment bout him.. Wish all the haters and obssessed lin fans to just get out..
orglemiger::sweet jesus that unibrow is atrocious
elguapo195::I saw that too...lol..
Rockets_waiting_for_next_level::Jason Stone Lee is a Lin-only fan.. Lin only fans are only interested in Harden and Lin, as you can see..noone else..why?  they are not rockets fans nor Houston fans..buncha posers!!
Jason Stone Lee::I like Lin so watching Rox game, you hate Lin so watch their game then blame Lin. I never write a single words during Linsanity because toooo Blacks (Obama, Lee etc), Whites (Hillary, etc), may be including these Lin haters hyped him over and over.  But when Lin met difficults, all those people became racist immediately, like Lee. Even Lin played very well, these haters put wins on Harden's beard. Harden ignored Lin, Coaches benched Lin, haters just hate Lin.   That is why so many Lin fans like me came out to help him, because he is high educated, never fight back to such stupid coaches and...
giftyuui::im a lin fan,hahah,but still got a brain to see the real problem in this team.By the way i always hate selfish ball hog player in NBA
elguapo195::5/23 is a big time ball hog.
walle D_ D::harden isn't that much of a ball hog actually, he gets frustrated when he missses shots and doesnt get calls, but he tries to pass to the open guy more often than not. Asik attributes to about atleast 5 TO a game with his bad hands. ( stop feeding him low guys) and when harden and lin are aggresive this team is much better. But realize that this team is most succesful when the 4 whether its patterson, morris, or delfino is scoring on open  jumpers.
Rockets_waiting_for_next_level::When Harden scores 30, Rockets win for sure!!  I dont care how many turnovers Harden has when he scores 30.  Now if Lin could get 20 points and 8 assists every game, I might not care about his TOs either!
contactchingching@yahoo.com::please use your brain, did you see tonight Laker's  game Kobe score only 14 pts 7-10 with 14 assist and they get the big win, i can say it is the best game Kobe play this year. How about Kobe's 30, 40 pts game, i can say it's stupid and selfish by not trusting your teammates. Same as Harden, he is a good player if and only if he can make more play for his teammates instead do most of his ISO play. Lin and Harden have to coexist together in order to make Houston better. people always thinking the most points he scored will be the most important guy in the team, that is so stupid and brainless.
giftyuui::shut up,ppl of harden's kind
giftyuui::this guy really is brainless,or you are just one who always does not use brain?
pistol111847::Saying "shut up" to someone?? You really are a classles Harden fan boy
Dezagcoog::Shut up lin lover...
fred3857::Lin's turnover most comes from Asik's milkfinger and nobody move while Harden's from his slow iso motion. If not for Lin humble attitude shooting less and played like spot shooter,he might already have +20pts/+8 asst. Pls just watch the last 10 games that mostly play Harden's ISO system and everybody sucked to lose.
pfoote14::Austin Rivers for President
NBA1964::Says Doc River.
Jason Stone Lee::Harden's possession of the ball in this game: 36minutes, used 37 - 1steal - 4rebs, total 32 team offence possession. (Shoots 15, shooting fouls 6, Assists 8, Turnovers 8. ) Lin's possesion of the game: 37minutes, used 22 - 6 steals - 5 rebs, total 11 team offence possession. (shoots 6, shooting fouls 4, assists 8, TOs 4) So Lin used 11 offence possession, 13points, 8assist, 4TOs. Harden used  32 offence possesion, 30points, 8assist, 8TOs.
Jason Stone Lee::Can we imagine if KMart possess ball over 40 each game, how many points he can get? I believe 40points/game at least.
NewcastleFanVL::Harden is going to the ASG with a bucket of all the other players' sacrifices. NOT COOL.
Sector1019::Mental
peakarach16::Let go both Laker and OKC!
Jackiemoonsexy::<b>Lin played 37 min, highest +/- with +17. Not bad</b>
peakarach16::5 reb 6 stl and 8 ast. Not bad at all.
ForkEmDEVILS13::Im not a lin hater I would be a lin fan if you didnt hate on harden.
pistol111847::I hear so much of that crap - I'd like Lin except for his fans, I'd like Lin if his fans didn't hate Harden, etc. $@%!$@%!! Just admit you're racist - MAN UP MOFO!
fred3857::Rox might lose without Lin tonight.So Lin saved Harden's tournover resposibility.
Dawan208::That's just one persons opinion!
Jason Stone Lee::We all wondered why Harden and Lin can not play well together?  Lin is jeolous on Harden's success? Lin did not pass the ball to Harden? Lin desired to be in all star game and play iso or shoot ball over 20? Lin did not respect Coaches so be benched? Lin don't execise hard  Use your brain to think, if you have it, Lin haters.
Archbob1::Lin did not shut down Rivers. Rivers always shuts himself down. He sucks.
fred3857::Lin also outplayed Vasquez 2pts 6assts 1reb 0stl 2tos and made Rox big win over Hornet.
ForkEmDEVILS13::I dont think anyone understands if they didnt have harden you know how much criticism lin would get? They would be terrible and lin would be the one getting doubled like the preseason.
fred3857::Lin just come back from knee surgery.
JasonY79::Yep. Like all the criticism Lin got after that Spurs OT game when Harden was out.
ForkEmDEVILS13::one lucky game he was terrible during the preason he had tony parker guarding him one of the worse pg defenders in the nba also they were giving him alot of those shots.
Jackiemoonsexy::<b>Lin with 6 steals wow!</b>
I81OICU812::Steve Nash never had 6 steals in a game in his entire career.
peakarach16::And #4 in STL.
remy 88::didn't mean much. He didn't go score.
Jason Stone Lee::remy 88 - didn't mean much. He didn't go score.  This team only Harden gut the green light for either shoot or play PG whatever and whenever. If Lin start shoot the ball, fall or not, Lin will be benched soon.
Dawan208::Only because he never shoots.  He could score 20 points easily he just doesn't shoot!
ForkEmDEVILS13::4 turnovers and barely handles the ball.
Phatepiclewts::"barely handles the ball"  37 minutes, 8 assists.  wut
Jason Stone Lee::8 assists and barely handles the ball.
Dawan208::See. Can't ever say anything good about him!  Proves they are trolls!
ForkEmDEVILS13::alot of lins shots in the spurs game werent real swishes and he struggled despite trying really hard in the preseason its clear lin cant carry a team.
Jason Stone Lee::How many Rox won in preseason? 5/7, better than now! And Lin has not been recovered totally from knee injury. Most important, Rox played like a team!
Dawan208::What is this!   Now you sound stupid!!!!
Jason Stone Lee::Despite Harden can score and iso to get high points to help teams, but if you count the possession of shooting for all fouls he got, it is terrible for a team have this kind iso player.  Only Lin play PG, the rox like a BB team, everybody touch the ball and share the ball. If Harden benched (first time this season, not count Spur game), everybody played much better as a team.
ForkEmDEVILS13::iso ball he had 8 assists I can send you vids of harden playing pg in okc?
Jason Stone Lee::ForkEmDEVILS13 - that doesnt mean anything. whos going to the all star game?  Harden, because he shoot more and got more points. All GM, coaches, and whole team including Lin helped him to be.  If K Martin still in this team and get same volume shoots, much high points!
NewcastleFanVL::Your just a BS hater, GTFO !!!!!!!!!!!!
ForkEmDEVILS13::that doesnt mean anything. whos going to the all star game?
NewcastleFanVL::Lin +17 Harden +4
ForkEmDEVILS13::they were terrible during the preseason they got out played in all the 1st halfs he really struggled in preseason. The reason the rockets were good last year was because of dragic and scola.
NewcastleFanVL::5-2 in pre season, know ur freakin' fact.
DeviantU::Lin's fanboys are going to ruin his career. Just like with Tebow, he's a below-average talent, and isn't worth the circus that follows him.  He'll be out of the NBA in five years, having made millions of undeserved dollars based on two good weeks of play last season.
peakarach16::What happen to Nash and Rondo???
DeviantU::LMFAO!! Both are much better players than lin will ever be.
Jason Stone Lee::You lost mind.
Dawan208::Ignore him typical troll !
JasonY79::If anyone has Lin's rookie autograph Panini National Treasures Prime #/25 jersey patch card, I'll buy it from them. Name your price.
remy 88::it won't be worth wiping your $@% on in two years..
NBA1964::How old is  remy 88?
Dawan208::remy 88 - it'll be worth $2 in two years  Typical troll.
remy 88::it'll be worth $2 in two years
JasonY79::Last one sold in December for $2400. You can't even find them anymore. Fans buy them as treasures, not investments. So it doesn't get sold anymore further driving up the price.
Jason Stone Lee::Reviewed video again, check last 5minutes in 2nd and last 3minutes in 3rd. Lin's key play saved his team. Only Harden is off, Rox can run transition and play like a team.  Asik is problem, too many turnovers because his butter fingers.
Jason Stone Lee::We all wondered why Harden and Lin can not play well together?  Lin is jeolous on Harden's success? Lin did not pass the ball to Harden? Lin desired to be in all star game and play iso or shoot ball over 20? Lin did not respect Coaches so be benched? Lin don't execise hard  Use your brain to think, if you have it, Lin haters.
ForkEmDEVILS13::he had 8 assists tonight the only time I think harden has ball hogged was only 2 to 3 games this year.
ForkEmDEVILS13::wow you really think harden is a problem?
lyang912::Rockets defense and effort on rebounds made their offense launch like a rocket, seriously. Best offense is defense, no kidding.
AbdulSaheed1981::Harden is fu cking up Lin's career. Taking over his PG role.   ball hog Harden is averaging 5/20 and 8 turnovers a game.
Jason Stone Lee::Rockets have lot of players can score, high points is not their real problem. The main reason rox win this game because Lin shut down Honets PG and SG rivers.
BXwarriorBX::easy for lin to look good against trash teams but he gets owned by jose calderon every time
AbdulSaheed1981::Jose? LOL.
Jason Stone Lee::You just Lin hater, Lin shoot Jose calderon face last year for game win 3s. And Lin always look good agaist top team this season.
DeviantU::Learn proper English.
