AllInForLife1984::Ive been using this online betting system called SportsBettingStar for a few months now.  During that time, Ive managed to double my original earnings just using the system.
synister281::Bulls desperately miss Rose, this team NEEDS a closer.
Rose MVP CHI::with rose the bulls are heavy favorites to take it all
CTYHNTR::You're crazy.
Sinistersedan847::Desperately? Do you watch the games?
Mister Goat::didn't deng make a big shot with 8 seconds to go?
kartkid024::3
19brom::iknow the refs were making $@%! calls on both teams but what in gods name were they thinking giving chicago the ball after noah threw ip up and into the stands you can clearly tell amir didnt touch, $@%!$@%! completly changed the game
kartkid024::I think because he was fouled, they botched the call earlier and several other times in the game, and the Toronto player came over and said he touched it.  It didn't change the game at all, the bulls threw it in, took a dumb shot and gave it right back. Might have took away 8 or 10 seconds which the bulls would have run down before their final shot.
biplan3::Thank God Carlos Boozer has finally become the force the Bulls thought they were getting years ago.  Let's hope that he continues to be after Rose comes back.  Way to go, Booze!
mbatkiew::Booze Cruise, DengBang, and Noah playing like All-Stars.
CubanPete4000::You can buy an erotic foot job downtown near canal st for 5 bucks but you gotta finish in under 5 mins too ask for henrietta
Drewbedobydo::Where has this Boozer been? If he could have just had consistent double doubles he would have really helped, now he's suddenly like a new man in 2013 for the Bulls. If he keeps playing like this, dear god when Rose is back I am happy.
NYballer6969::To all the bozos that never give credit to Boozer !
West.By.God.Virginia::There isn't a team in the league that can dance with Miami in a best of 7 series. The HEAT WAVE will repeat as NBA champions in 2013.    FACT.
bnice109::wrong page $@%!$!!!
Sinistersedan847::You're a dip$hit  FACT
Rose MVP CHI::the Chicago Bulls will take it all   FACT
Good sport333::nOW THATS DENGTA!
Good sport333::UM DENGSTA?
Hondo Kid::Chitown gets the ot win on the road.  If rose gets in game shape come playoff time they will be pretty tough.
J-Short65::Landry Fields is a bum
jazzmantitch::They were saying the same thing about Boozer not so long ago.
Jaywashing::^lol  While Boozer does, of course, put up much better numbers when the offense is run through him, that it hasn't been hasn't been his biggest issue; he's also been soft in the paint and lax on defense.   Last year, for instance, he surrendered to opposing power forwards 19.4 points per 48 minutes and an effective field goal percentage of 48.6%--and a PER of 17.3. This year, so far, those numbers are down to 18.3, 43.5, and 13.9, respectively. There are also some other interesting statistical indicators, like how he's forcing opponents to foul more often and, obviously therefore, getting to the foul line more.   This stuff is much bigger than "Pass the ball, D-Rose."
J-Short65::i wasn't. I was saying Derrick Rose pass the ball mroe and he will be fine.
jazzmantitch::Carlos Boozer!
JHCASHION88.6::As I see it, in the East there are 3 locks for big man (Chandler, Noah, Bosh) and 3 others that should really be considered (Boozer, KG, Lopez). Between them, KG is averaging 14 and 7; Lopez 18 and 7 and Boozer 17  and 10
CHITOWNBULLS1991::Sucks that Boozer and Lopez have better stats this year than Bosh, but Bosh will make it because he is on the Heat.
CHITOWNBULLS1991::yeah I agree with that
JHCASHION88.6::I think Bosh is prob more deserving than KG, but neither really should make it this year over Lopez or Boozer
JHCASHION88.6::Im pretty sure Noah will make the All Star team tomorrow, but Im not so sure that Deng or Boozer shouldnt also make it. KG will probably make the team averaging 14 and 7, while Boozer after tonight will be averaging about 16.5 and 10 and Deng 17 and 7. Monte Ellis will probably also make it b/c of lack of SGs
J-Short65::Watching this Raptors game tonight and it's sad how David Stern has chosen to marginalize all these great fanbases just so a few teams can be successful. The crowd is great. Reminds me of old days in Sacramento
adam83stl::Are bulls tickets hard to get?  I was thinking of driving up from st Louis to see them.  Never been to an NBA game before
wabam95::Cheap tickets can be about $40+ and no they are not hard to get. I have sat everywhere at the united center(Floor, Box, nose bleeds.) I never had a bad time. I also think the best fans sit in the cheap seats. Rose should be back around February 19.
wabam95::...which is a road game. The game against the Heat after the all-star break(1st home game after the break) would be the game to get tickets to... If you can.
adam83stl::Also, what's up with rose?
karelp::Boozer's averaging 22.3/10.6 and 53.6% this month.  Did he just find the Fountain of youth?
J-Short65::Either that or he's getting the ball now with Rose out
Dissention83::He got the ball enough times with Rose, he just missed most of his jumpers, had the ball swatted out of his hands while attempting to drive, or would yell loudly about mysterious "fouls" that he thought happened. He's actually back to playing basketball now, so that's good.
cookie6880::I dont care what he found just want him to keep it up the rest of the season. Now when D-Rose comes back and Boozer can continue to play the way he is now WOW that could be really good.
mnsportsmaan::how do 2 players off your bench score more than your starters....
Maxi Klinger::Apparently the bulls are a great defensive team...Giving up 100 points to a team that is 14-25  But the Bulls are a great defensive...Whatever helps you sleep at night Bulsl fans.  What happened the other night was more the Hawks being pathetic than anything the bulsl did..  LOL, Bulls taking credit for the Hawks poor shooting night...Deluded
Rook_217::So if you're judging talent strictly on records, then Toronto at 14-25, is hardly considered a win...then beating a team to a pulp that is 22-16, regardless of what reason you deem legitimate, should be noteworthy... You can't have it both ways sparkey!
parafal::one game is just one game. defensively the bulls are as good as it gets, solid defensive statistics ... now if the offense just gets more consistent
CHITOWNBULLS1991::Do you even watch basketball? The Hawks got outplayed in every facet of that game. Not only did they shoot 29% from the field, but they got out rebounded 59-39. Not to mention Toronto isn't bad on offense either, and ranks in the top half of the league at number 14.  Do some research before you open your mouth.
tranScend::gotta hand it to bulls fans.  you guys really love your basketball.  props.  your owner sucks balls tho
spaceicecream::Another gem from Carlos.  It took a bit for him and Noah to gel but it's working great.  One of the best if not the best tandom of big men in the league.
winnumber101::Alan Anderson impressive again though. That's what's up
ChicagoSingh::I'm here.
keny84::BULLS FANS VOTE BOOZER IN ALL STAR GAME!
ball 5o hard::when will the raptors start winning games?
cookie6880::NEVER LOL
georget22::boozer should be player of the month, and make the all-star squad
whitesoxchamps168::What if i told you manti teo had a girlfriend  - espn 30 for 30
perez-matt::hahahahahhahaha
ball 5o hard::lmao
JHCASHION88.6::The Booz man with ESPN's top performance of the night
ron953::It's not a good thing when Loul Deng and Hamilton have more assists than Hinrich, The Bulls were fortunate this game and even though they won it wasn't very impressive!!
BABY IGGY..MODS LOVE ME::No we blow the c's and lakers out on friday and monday
Takushiba_Chan::I love how arrogant kids take teams lightly... please tell me how that suns game go? I bet you thought bulls would blow out raptors too.
Slippy Dippy::Scoreboard
Bookiebreaker48::OK EVERYONE LOOK AT THE BOXSCORE.....COULD ANYONE TELL ME WHY MARCO BELL WAS PLAYING OVERTIME INSTEAD OF RIP?
soldierjavi::He's limited
bob964::rips on limited minutes
badger67778::I don't know.
cyborgi312::No clue
BabyOnions::No one is saying Chicago did not deserve the win.. they hung in tight and closed out. It should be acknowledged, however, that some calls did not swing the Raptors way, and, well, that is the NBA. They fought hard and played hard, great game to watch. Both teams deserved a W, only one can.
Takushiba_Chan::Deng pushed off
NBA_Highlights_23::Its not like Toronto is going far into the playoffs this year...
Sinistersedan847::And the bulls won.
badger67778::And Lowry flopped. Deal with it.
BABY IGGY..MODS LOVE ME::refs didnt give bulls calls on a lot of layups, get over it
cyborgi312::d amn right he pushed off dude was trying to grab his di  ck
FoxKat93::Watching this heat game, one of the GS players just spiked a heat player's shot as if it was a volleyball. lol
ChiTownNation::Teo needs to admit having a homosexual relationship before the media exposes him.
didactics::I think Norte Dane is covering for teo, a gay Mormon Hawaiian Norte damn football player would be the scandal of the year
patsmayo1::or Teo just a fraud?
patsmayo1::ok on side note is Monte Teo really gay?
My_Handwriting_Isnt_Legible::Though the Bulls got the win, why do their fans post "this is gonna be an easy" win prior to the game.. No respect whatsoever
deathscythe829::The Bulls have lost to both Phoenix and Charlotte at home.  Any "fan" saying a game is an easy win before playing it is a bloomin' idiot.
bob964::Only a few bulls fans said that. Most of them knew that there is no easy win especially the way the bulls been playing.
badger67778::Well any logical bulls fan knows that they tend to play down to their competition. And Toronto has been pretty good at home.  I don't know.
paul3d::I knew it wasnt Toronto always plays us hard at home!
kingkingston69::win 3 of the quarters and we are going to lose because of a first quarter lapse anf the refs killing us
johnbuga26::Refs were definitely not for Toronto. 2 Bulls fouled out and Boozer had 5.
Yahoo Sports released this news a day before it happened::<b>Bulls Fans, Lets go to the MIA board!</b>
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::Next up on our Hit list: Boston Celtics  Time for the Bulls to go on the road and beat yet another good team
patsmayo1::why does everybody rip on the raps for flopping, it's called strategy. Quincy Acy  took 4 charges, because Gibson was so out of control , and too spaced out to anticipate it, and Acy read that
soldierjavi::Flopping can't be a strategy anymore considering they get warnings now from the league and starting to get fined for that stuff.
patsmayo1::im just upset, because Toronto played a heck of  a game 2nd half, and really got robbed, I'll admit you guys are a better team for sure, just not a fan of the no call on the deng game winner,  that was too obvious
THE GHOST OF TEOS FAKE GF::what are you mumbling on about
BRING.BACK.CHIEF::im pretty  sure he just came out of the closet
ChiTownNation::The whole family was in on it because Teo can't go public with being gay.
BearsBullsBlackhawks2013::Bulls Fans: True or False, The Bulls will reach the Finals this year
NateDoggBball::True and they will be the no. 3 seed behind Knicks and heat cause they got off to good starts.
badger67778::I don't think so.
THE GHOST OF TEOS FAKE GF::if i had to put a mill on it, id say no. next year tho
BRING.BACK.CHIEF::TRUUUUUUUUUUU
Colinoneill314::true
THE GHOST OF TEOS FAKE GF::Allright, gonna go troll the fake heat bandwagoners. come join
BRING.BACK.CHIEF::im just gonna stalk you and your jokes
venom47891::loul dengerous does it again, wooo.  gotta love stacy king.
venom47891::it was almost a howl
BRING.BACK.CHIEF::that wooo was so akward
Grab_It_Joa::Chicago is 11-5 on the Road. Be Scared!!!!
BRING.BACK.CHIEF::<b> I've lost some respect for The Raptors cuz they FLop so much</b>
