clam608::"Celtics are garbage. They're done, period."  Red Auerbach
jsayer7::Simple Solution:  Trade Pierce and his 2 years 32 mill dollar contract for a good draft pick. After the season garnett (20 mill) and allen (10 mill) come off the books. Sign Dwight Howard in the offseason and use the acquired draft pick from pierce and our teams (at this pace, a lottery pick), and get 2 young rookies. Rondo, Dwight, sign jeff green, and thats not a bad place to start.
MAGIC11033::LOL when did the Celtics get Pietrus?
Road dog Red::Stay Classy Celtics...when theres a game..i'm still going to watch
Qzhoopin72::What up Road dog!! This is KC7groove (Laker fan)....under new handle cause I guess I got reported at some point and was exiled!! You know how that works....I get controversial sometimes....  Anyways, hang in there with your boys!!  Peace.
jsayer7::Take rondo out of the equation and the rest of the starting lineups age is 34. HUGE problem in a compressed 66 game schedule. Add Rondo back in and his TERRIBLE shooting, and that spells out DOOM. Rondo really isn't that great. He gets a lot of rebounds cuz no one else on our team can rebound. Assists? yeah he's an amazing passer. But id take a scoring PG like rose who goes 25/4/7 then Rondos 10/5/10. If we decide to build around Rondo then we're screwed. Clean house for draft picks. TIME TO REBUILD
jsayer7::I'm just tired of us scoring 13 points in a quarter. I was at the Indiana game when they scored 25 points in a half. Rondo just can't shoot. They're ugly this season. No way a guard should be THAT bad at shooting, esp at the free throw line. Id take at least 5-7 PGs over Rondo.  This is a deep upcoming draft, and we should rebuild now instead of having deja vu of the past with bird mchale etc
WddNews.com::jsayer7,  You are right on.  Trade Pierce and Allen now and get some picks Garnett will be hard to move because of his salary and declinging value.  Trade now Allen and Pierce while thewy still have some value.  Get rid of O'Neal if you can find someone that'll bite.  This team is not coming back and now at the very best it looks like a #8 seed w/ an ugly playoff performance of being swept by the Bulls or Heat.
jsayer7::Id take Westbrook over him as well.
sbancroft5::you just say you'd rather have the best point guard in the league than Rondo? you really went out on a limb with that one. Rondo is a top-five point guard in the league. You can build around him if you get scorers. Don't discount his ability to defend either; he is a MUCH better defender than Rose. And to be honest I'd take Rondo over every other PG in the league except for Rose
swaggamento916::the celtics aint that bad the thunder are that good
chunter197::The Celtics are old now. They need to rebuild.
bizzo.james::The Celtics problem has nothing to do with heart.  It has to do with they're simply not that good.
sgant22::This just in ................................................................Westbrook has hit another "cold hearted three" and in case you couldn't read his lips he said..............................BBBBBBOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMMMMM!
Shadow_Boxer_WVU::Ok people stop saying Celtics have no heart your idiots..Not enough lay off time in between games for this old team this year and it will be a fight for them to get into the play offs at the end of the year. At best they get a 6 seed..Mark my word..Philly has so much youth and they are very deep so this season plays perfect into their hands just like the last time we had a strike shorten year. Prepare for more ugly games by many teams..Thunder ,Philly Indiana,,Chi-TOwn.Clips,,Memphis if healthy and Portland maybe but not deep.. young with legs  and talent all these teams..Watch out Heat Mavs LAkers upsets in the play off will be crazy this year..
rockndoc3::Dear David Stern,  THIS IS TOTALLY UNACCEPTABLE!    My Cavs need another Lottery pick.  The Celtics and the Knicks are messing this up for me.  You must arrange immediately for them to get some more wins.  I dont want Coach Scott to be forced to send Kyrie to the D-League.  Sincerely,  Dan Gilbert
trollslivelong100::Thats obviously a fake letter.  Dan Gilbert would've written it in Comic Sans.
Dwayne_Johnson23::weak
bizzo.james::VERY weak
green solution::JJ and Steisma will be gone very soon. Wilcox too. So predictable.
green solution::But JJ and Wilcox won't get a true chance. They reasoning behind getting them originally is still sound. Doc refuses to budge from his love of the HOF guys and useless JO.
KungFuHustle1981::JJ and Wilcox suck and should be gone, I would like to keep Steisma though.
nba is the worst::Celtics are the opposite of the heatles - no 1st Q
KungFuHustle1981::The Big 3 era in Boston, its time to focus on rebuilding the team around Rondo and picking up some younger, more atheltic players for our bench.
vsdawg72::if you google dinosaurs you will see a picture of the Boston Celtics
dalepmurphy::What's all the drama about.................................Celt fans have should have faced the reality of their plight 2 years ago and definitely after last years lethargic performance.  The Big 3 are old and until Ainge/management must get off the dime and start rebuilding this team by HOPING, that once the true playoff contenders need veterans for a Championship run they'll HOPEFULLY take one, or all, of the Big 3 off their hands.
MagicBoltzRays::C's r 4-8.... I LUV IT!!!!
Trolls Are Us_Suspended Account 3::average age of celtics starting 5 = 33 years old.  problem.
green solution::It's the average age of the starting, ancient four that's the death of the Cs. Doc want make the bold, tough decisions.
Dented_rim::The blind squirel (Thabo Seolosha) found James Hardens nut stash.   What is with Ibaka this year - I thought this was his break out year.
ksanders6::Same thing we all are trying to figure out, at least he didnt loose his blocking skills, but his offense is weary, smh hopefully as the season carries on he'll pick it up but I doubt it,...........but as always GO THUNDER!!!!!!!!!!!!
Dented_rim::Even if the Celtics had Green they still would be a 500 team at best. This schedule hurts old teams - big advantage to young teams like OKC and Portland...even the 76ers and Pacers look far better than they are thanks to this insane schedule. Teams took a third of the games off with the old schedule, now they take every other game off.
KungFuHustle1981::Jeff Green wouldn't change anything, he' s a good role player at best he is not Dominique Wilkins or something.
CandySparker::
abenezer44::man one of my favorite players of all time KG is looking like hes done
green solution::Not according to Doc.
jasiekforever::this comment is 3 years late
nba is the worst::The dropoff from last season for KG is embarrassing - his shooting is terrible
raylangivensisjustified::Celtics are horrible
jasondmce1978::Ainge is just thankful that J.O. had a better line than Perk.  I'm sure we'll hear that bs out of his mouth at some point...
green solution::If the Cs were a very top team, JO wouldn't have a point or a rebound. His output now is because they're gonna be a basement team - or close to it. Padded stats. Not just him. What's with Doc. YOUTH, QUICKNESS, Doc!
KungFuHustle1981::Perkins is still better than Jermaine, I don't care if he scored 25 points.
green solution::I agree. He does all the little things. And JO does all BUT the little things. Any there was some fear of Perk. Today, big opponents circle the game against our front court on their calendars and smile when they see the game approaching.
hunterjsaylor::I pray that the Celtics get Anthony Davis in the draft. The Celtics need to make a big trade...fast!
rgalv3::You have to love Celtics fans thinking Dwight Howard wants to come to a franchise that needs him more than he needs them. Celtics don't sign big Free Agents. Also the Thunder have the best record in the league why would they trade Westbrook???
LightSpeed1000::RUSSELL WESTBRICK IS A BALLHOGGING, BIG LIPPED, UGLY BAFFOON
Road dog Red::So he banged yer GF too..eh
burhead13::Westbrook's line 26 pts 9-18 shooting 7 rebounds 4 assists 4 steals. Durant's line 28 points 9-20 shooting 7 rebounds 4 assists 1 steal 1 block. Sounds like ballhogging to me, Skip Bayless....
esel1000::windows closed folks time to move on
wwsi pprofit::CHRIS PAUL SHOULD BE A LAKER : eat crow kid 4-0 like i saidCHRIS PAUL SHOULD BE A LAKER : eat crow kid 4-0 like i said
2524thomas::So Perkins bought Little Danny dinner tonight and thanked him once again for removing him from the Sinking ship known as the SS Celtics
chubby rain::As a Bulls fan i lovin this, not because i hate the Celtics players but MOST of their arrogant fans talkin SH--IT about putting up another banner and that Mikel Pietrus was gonna put yall over the top, LMAO. Enjoy the lottery, because the draft is deep this year, LOL!!
birdman._.::one and done
LightSpeed1000::2010 game 7 = not one and done. ur mom is one and done
SamMcCade::Missed the game, why did Rondo only have 2 assists?
hunterjsaylor::Overrated? He was 1 rebound and 1 assist away from a triple double
zztomm::Rondo had 9 assists.
chubby rain::Because he's OVERRATED!!
Shaun0088::Your high right chubby?
rvt55::Shake it up Danny, no way Doc fixes this.
green solution::Agreed.
FansRuinedTheGame::Embarrassing. Shake it up Danny. Is Rondo and KG for Westbrook a possibility?
rgalv3::Danny Ainge is the type of GM to offer Steisma, and Cash for Derrick Rose and find nothing wrong with it. Celtic fans would believe it too
LightSpeed1000::why would danny want ballhogging westBRICK?
threalReginald::that would be an awful trade for OKC
rrballer34::during the thunders 7 game win streak westbrook has been avg. about 24 ppg 5 apg 5 rpg 2 spg shotting over 50 percent from field and 3 point land not bad id say
ChrisCondit0::Assists need to go up a little bit, for a PG, but other than that, that's solid
ChrisCondit0::OKC looks like they are playing for home court throughout the playoffs!
Dented_rim::Only 2 or 3 times in the last 10 years did the number 1 seed win the title - one home loss and there goes your advantage....much bigger deal in NFL and MLB.
Luclongley_MVP::Are there any other former Celtics that are currently NBA GM's so Danny Ainge can fleece them too?  Thats the only way the Celtics will ever be relevent again.
2524thomas::lol..LightSpeed probably still has a 1983 Poster of Bird on his bathroom door to look at while he's jerking off
sokal-surf::"oh just some guy named larry, only the best player that ever played the game."  Doesn't anyone else find this post disturbing?
LightSpeed1000::10 players? spoken like a true laker homer. bet you count minnesota titles as your towns titles too right? pathetic loser
sokal-surf::Yeah, like 10 guys.  I guess Bird is "the best player that ever played the game" if you never went outside of Boston before or after the 1980s...  You either have never watched NBA basketball for more than 15 years, or you are a Republican.  Either way, you don't know what you are talking about...
LightSpeed1000::aree you suggesting there was a better player than bird?
LandMan152::For some reason I didn't catch it the first time. Hilarious. That guy is out of his mind.
ChrisCondit0::More like KG for Granger
LightSpeed1000::oh just some guy named larry, only the best player that ever played the game.
clam608::"Celtics need to trade for wheelchairs"  Tom Brady
junjunm3::Should've taken that year off Doc and waited for the Heat job to open up.
BetontheCelts08::I would rather have Bill Laimbeer as President and Rick Mahorn as head coach than Ainge and Doc Rivers right now.
BoStonBoY1281::that dude is garbage lol. The bench is where he belongs.
BetontheCelts08::Oh and who is playing so much better that deserves to be out there...............O'Neal?
BetontheCelts08::WHERE IS STIEMSMA.....................................I know he's on the bench. Is that why we picked him up? To sit in a chair?
BetontheCelts08::Keep playing the starters Doc, it didn't work in 09' and it ain't working now......
txbornsooner::They just look old and slow. Its a shame Perkins didn't stay healthy for that gm 7 so they could've gotten 2 rings outta the Old 3. Because they ain't winning nuthin now
Bro-kowski::Boston is in serious jeopardy of missing the playoffs. They'll be far behind the top 6 seeds for sure. And most likely New York too. Probably get knocked out of the 8th seed. Might as well do Allen a favor and trade him to a contender. Goonett is untradeable with that albatross contract.
_mongo_slade_::As a Laker fan, I thought I would enjoy this. But it's just sad....
BetontheCelts08::Sad the Celtics management is so pathetic, inept and oblivious
Dwayne_Johnson23::Thank you for not enjoying it!
Bro-kowski::From looks of this stat line it looks like Westbrook gave Rondo another anal.
Tooled420::wow celtics really suck this year. cut the OLD 3 and build around rondo
ChrisCondit0::There next 3 games are Tor, Phx &amp; Was they should sweep those 3 and move to 6-8. THey will finish around .500 this year and get the 6 or 7 seed. &amp; then in the offseason they need to draft well and sign some players. Maybe Jeff Green will be healthy &amp; can help out
hioh631::They will start winning again Chris you are right... when do they play the Wizards again?
LightSpeed1000::u are a piece OF CRAP
Tooled420::I have respect for the celts but 4-8 is pretty bad start to a shortened season. I also honestly think allen garnett and pierce had their last shot in game 7 against LA a couple seasons ago. time to move on
ChrisCondit0::THey didnt suck tonite, just lost to the better team. THey will start winning
WIkalikalou::Skip Bayless' tweet..."Thunder playing best in NBA rt now but hard to trust Westbrook vs. Durant. Westbrook hot late @Bos but more cold than hot. Durant's team!"  Come on Bayless, stop trying to create conflict where there isn't any....
ksanders6::Thank you, getting tired of Skip and his rants, nothing but the devil trying to create fued between 2 players that know how to reconcile their differences,.....grow up Skip.....smh
goosu123::Wow, Westbrook had a great game, Bayless needs to shut it.
LarsUggricho::Celtics had a good run, but they should have finished with more than just one championship. Oh well.
J-Tjuan::A big 3 that is not in their prime unlike the Heat so its not exactly the same.
hapatino::Underperformed for having a "big 3" for quite a few years.
JRPH223::Are we judging teams based on number of rings? Fact that they got one ring was great for that team that sucked for all of the 90s and never got to finals til 08 since the 80s.
2524thomas::1 ring going on 30 yrs and counting^^^^^LOL
BetontheCelts08::That is the the only way the Celtics judge teams.......by rings fool.
LarsUggricho::Not sure what your point is. The team that won the ring didn't have any of the players from their 90s except the perennial all star, Pierce. A team with Pierce, Allen, Garnett and a bunch of great role players and a great coach should have been able to win more than one championship in my opinion.
