Graham Horobetz::Tayshaun gets to get an actual meal for that shot!!
Shawn Bento::Grizz own California.
Desmond Cole::Nice.  Do they get rings for such an incredible feat?
Shawn Bento::No.  No, they don't.  I'm sure even you're smart enough to realize such.
Graham Horobetz::FIRST NAME 20 LAST NAME 10
David M. Helmic II::I am a greedy fan, let's sweep this road trip!!!
Memphis Tenn::Go Grizzlies!!!
Graham Horobetz::Sucks that Tony will get suspended. So stupid that people are saying it's intentional, maybe they aren't used to watching a tenacious defender like Tony, Paul was acting as if he was going to pass, Tony was trying to kick the ball. The suspension is due to it being Chris Paul and thanks to his overreaction. Suspend him fine, but I hate it when he's labeled as a dirty player for this. I don't think Curry will play, so if we manage to sweep this road trip, will make the game Friday all the more important.
Greg Bosgraaf::Curry is out with a mild concussion according to ESPN.
Lance Busch::if curry was out there the grizz probably lose, but ill take it.. either way it was still impressive win at the end of a 4 game california road trip and taking them all no less.. its tough for grizz with san antonio in 2 days.. cmon first division win!
Chad Wiggins::i think i just heard randolph tell david lee to get down there and tie his shoe...  and dont give me no lip.... hes making d lee his lady friend
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Grizzlies OWN Warriors, 11 straight wins!!!
Greg Bosgraaf::I'm not going to miss these late starts, my job performance suffers during these west coast road trips.
Sothy Vinh::Go Grizzlies ! Grind on !
LeRoy Conway III::Grit N Grind Grizz!!!
Nick Schneider::At the end of the game, Prince absolutely FLOPPED on Barnes. It was ridiculous. Barnes may have had a slight push off (what NBA player doesn't do that ) but Prince went back a step and then all of a sudden collapsed and went to the ground... BS
Greg Bosgraaf::Mo Speights had a big League flop himself earlier in the game.
Errol Thomas Jr::Two straight games I wussed out and only stayed up for the first half and two straight games the Grizzlies pulled it out down the stretch. LOL! Great road trip Blue Bears!!
Steve Tellers::Any team that holds the powerful Warriors to 81 points, especially in overtime, deserves the victory!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Greg Bosgraaf::I was hoping for a split on this road trip when it started. This is the team that we were waiting to see come alive. It's nice to see that even on off shooting nights on the 4th game of a west coast road trip they can gut a win. Great win Grizz!
Landon Pike::Dave joerger rotations are dumb. What is he tryin to accomplish! And why r we playin weird, go back to the old simple game plan to win this game right now!
Graham Horobetz::5 straight against LAC, 11 straight against GSW, all the analysts said they got better than us this off season?
Chad Wiggins::they do...... curry plays and this game isnt close IMO
Greg Bosgraaf::Chad Wiggins You must have forgotten that the best perimeter defender in the League didn't play tonight for Memphis either though.
Graham Horobetz::Chad Wiggins With Curry the game would have been different completely, if we have TA in the game, Klay Thompson doesn't have the game he had. Fact is, we've had GSW's number because Gasol and Z-Bo are superior to Bogut and Lee
Graham Horobetz::Friday night is gonna big a huge game for us, to play like we've played on the road at home would be awesome
Graham Horobetz::Save me from the hell that is Josh Pastner's positivity bubble and the underachieving Memphis Tigers, thanks
Mark Chapple::will warriors get another shot?? or will grizz hold the ball??
Allen Greene::This is the Grizzlies I was looking to see. Grindhouse.
Greg Bosgraaf::Tayshaun with a dagger!!!!
Cali Native::What happened to Tony Allen?
Allen Greene::He's got a one game suspension for kicking Chris Paul.
Andrew Murillo::pacman..ezz
Cali Native::That's what you said with the marquez fight?
