TRUUUU_SPURZ::Go spurs go
TRUUUU_SPURZ::Go spurs go
trip3commy::Jackson, thats exactly what you say after you get whooped by one of the worst teams in the league.  Pull out your championship ring, that you didnt win, lol
BexyIndy55::Enjoy the win Wolves fans, good game. Let's not get too carried away though...Leonard, Parker and Duncan in the line-up, Spurs win with their eyes closed.
MinniWolves90::Yeah, well we were missing Love, Pek, Kirilenko, Roy, Budinger, Lee, and Howard.
KittyNationPride::Jackson is mad that he will be out of the league after this year is over and that Rubio is developing into the next Rajon Rondo
KittyNationPride::If Rubio played in 2 future hofs he would win a lot of games too. The wolves would be worse with jackson instead of rubio.
Jackiemoonsexy::Forget about Jackson, he should be thankful he is still in the NBA.
Voss voss::Spurs losing on purpose to avoid lakers in 1st round? Yup!
bonedawgred::Now Derrick Rose has two people in Minnesota to look up to !!
justblaze129::Every1 trolling the spurs should stop and look , the last time the spurs played the wolves Parker dropped 31 &amp; Rubio had as many points as Parker had dimes 9
FantasyNazi::I can't believe this is only the Wolves 3rd victory over the Spurs since December of 2011.  Thought it would have been more.  Stephen Jackson should know about average players who score a lot of points on bad teams, he has been one of those guys a majority of his career.
Brickyyy Rubio::future allstar LMAO you mean bench warmer
mccoy3181::Rubio sucks
crooked ernie::you r just a hater.  the more you hate the stronger ricky gets!!!
Brickyyy Rubio::bricky still sucks. first double double wow amazing!!! he been sucking it ever since he came to the nba.
KittyNationPride::bricky still sucks. first double double wow amazing!!! he been sucking it ever since he came to the nba. 1 fan likes this. 3 Hours Ago · Like · Reply · Quote · Flag Brickyyy Rubio likes this
Colin5266::Triple
charlesworth1954::Spurs lose to Portland by 30.  Spurs beat OKC by 12.  Spurs lose to Wolves by 24.  I know Pop benched some players... BUT, Spurs fans should be concerned by inconsistent play, especially against weaker teams.  Thunder doesn't have this type of win/loss record... convinces me OKC can take SA in a seven game series, again.
BexyIndy55::If this "inconsistent play" were to happen more often than maybe you would have a point but you're only referring to 3 games.  Spurs are the team that have had the most consistent play in the league this year.
justblaze129::Dude cause westbrick KD and Abaka plays all 82 games the Spurs players don't y should we worry
World B. Xxpensive::So ... it isn't <i>literally</i> impossible for Rubio to shoot 50%.  Good to know.  This raised his season shooting to ..... 35%.  Ugh.
G.Note89::sounds like jackson's butt hurt
leeset16::How could the Wolves beat the Spurs.... Thats all i can say
mccoy3181::Spurs are going to the playoffs and the Wolves are not anytime soon.
its enrico pallazo::even when the twolves were making the playoffs, they were getting bounced in the 1rst round by the spurs, with tim duncan laughing at kg all the way to the finals.
its enrico pallazo::It was a typical Pop "who cares about this" game. The Spurs proved their point on Monday against OKC, so Tim &amp; Kwahi sat along with Parker. The Twolves basicly beat the Spurs 2nd &amp; 3rd stringers.
FantasyNazi::Love, AK-47, Pekovic, Budinger, Roy and Malcolm Lee also missed the game for the Wolves.  Basically, 5 of the top 7 guys in the Wolves rotation.
Get your foot off the boat::You're right...because the TWolves starting lineup of   Rubio,  Gelabale Williams Stiemsma Ridnour  have been spitting out the likes of SA, LAL, MIA, LAC, DEN all season.  But don't worry...I'm crying on the inside for SA's "injury" plight.
mnsportswopwopwahhh::a unicorn and his dream
Get your foot off the boat::Ask mccoy3181...He'll spew you with knowledge most flush down the toilet.
FantasyNazi::The Wolves have beat the Spurs 3 times at home in the last 16 months.
Get your foot off the boat::Wow ...  If that is the case, then there is something you and the TWolves have in common.
mccoy3181::No one takes the Wolves seriously.
mccoy3181::no just real.  Wolves are terrible.  The Spurs gave them the game.  It obvious.
Get your foot off the boat::Look..mccoy is butt hurt like S Jackson.....
mccoy3181::flagged
ToTheTop61::I started betting a system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made around 3K a month for 3 consecutive months now using this system. You can find this system on the 1st page of Google by searching for Sports Betting Systems.
crooked ernie::to the top posts bull sh it and likes his own comment.  this guy is a parasite and is soliciting a bizness that is either bogus or a scam!
ElPlywood::Sportsbettingstar is under state and federal investigation. Only a matter of time before the  clowns who post here are cuffed and charged along with their bosses.
lsiberian::The Wolves could be the Thunder in a couple years. All those injuries get you a lottery pick to add even more talent to the already stacked young team.   I can't imagine what you will be like in a couple years if you can keep the team together.
G.Note89::a healthy season and one SG away from a championship caliber team
RSno9::I agree.  IF they keep the team together.  Love and Rubio won't want to stick around for too long if they don't start winning soon.  They would have had a playoff shot this year had they stayed healthy.
I Bleed Celtics Green::I feel your pain in this day of shame Spurs fans, the C's lost to the Bobcats, THE BOBCATS! All teams, even great teams, lays an egg once in a while. One bad game does not define a season. I'll be rooting for you guys to come out of the west. Now, I'll just take this brown paper bag and be on my way, j/k.
RSno9::Why would the Spurs not care about winning a game?  Don't they want the no. 1 seed?  I guess they probably don't, because that would mean a first round matchup with the Lakers.  They're scared of the Lakers!  The Lakers will probably move up to at least a 7 seed, so the Spurs better hope they don't drop to a 2 seed!
BexyIndy55::What a joke.  The Spurs will eat the Lakers' lunch.  Garbage team.
lsiberian::Who is scared of the Lakers? The Twolves have a better first team.
mnsportswopwopwahhh::How the Wolves haven't beat the Lakers in like 20 years
Get your foot off the boat::Last seven games will be the true test....five are against MEM; @LAC; @POR; GS; SA; HOU
lsiberian::They are playing a lot of bad teams though. Let's see how they do against playoff  caliber teams.   No way Pop is scared of Dantoni.
RSno9::I wouldn't count the Lakers out.  They are 8-2 in their last 10 games and starting to gel as a team.  Now that Howard has come to play they are a pretty tough team.  It all depends on Howard.  If he comes to play every night they are a dangerous team.
MinniWolves90::I knew some dipshít would bring up the 'shorthanded' excuse. Hello? Have you paid any attention to the Wolves this year? We're the most injury-plagued team I've ever seen.
bh352203::No need for the name calling tough guy.  Any REAL Spurs fan that knows anything about the game will openly admit the Spurs were just outplayed ... simple as that.  Hats off to the T-Wolves and Mr. Rubio for gettin' after it.
bh352203::I can't argue that logic ...
MinniWolves90::I'm rarely a name-caller, but that dude is being a dipshít, simple as that... As you would say.
ncjcrsu::"70-26 all time record against the Wolves"  You sound like a Lakers fan bringing up the past.  And everyone knows Spurs fans want to be the last thing associated with Lakers fans.
mccoy3181::Last time I checked the Spurs were without 3 of their best players.  Parker a 20 ppg scorer, Duncan a 15 ppg scorer, and Leonard another 15 ppg scorer.   The Spurs were supposed to lose this game.  You take 50 points from any team and they lose.  You dont see Miami rest players because they have no bench and if they did rest players they would lose to crappy teams too.
its enrico pallazo::the same backups almost beat miami earlier in the season
vikings286969::sounds good number 2
RSno9::The Spurs are old!  Despite their record they have no shot at winning the championship!  I guarantee you Duncan will never win another one.
TWex2120::Worry about your own bum $@% team then the Spurs dude. And who cares if Duncan doesnt get another? He has 4 !$@%!$@ rings already moron. Most players dream of just getting ONE. Also cut the prediction guarantee garbage.
its enrico pallazo::lsiberian - Tony isn't that old and the young guys are growing under Pop.  he's been playing since he was 19 &amp; on a team that always makes it deep into the playoffs. that &amp; he plays inernationally also.
RSno9::Tony has a lot of mileage for his age.  Sure they could build it back up quickly after Duncan and Ginobli are gone, but is Pop going to stay around long enough for that to happen?
mccoy3181::22-39. lol ha ha ha
lsiberian::Tony isn't that old and the young guys are growing under Pop.
RSno9::If you don't think that their main players are old, then you are clueless about your own team and are not even worth arguing with.
mccoy3181::old?  ha ha ha ha.  Ya right.
RSno9::The Spurs have won a lot more games without those guys than the Wolves have won without Love, so no excuses!
Get your foot off the boat::Really - you're going to go THERE?  Ok....T Wolves have been without their 4 best players most of the season....  * Our starting SG has no cartilidge in his knees and has played only 5 games this year. * K Love broke his hand not once...but twice and has played maybe 15 games * Rubio and Love has played a total of 28 minutes together this season. * Pek and AK have missed significant time * Our sixth man has been out nearly the enitre season * Our "go to" guy in the 4th quarter isn't even 6 feet tall. * We don't have enough players to scrimmage in practice * We signed two guys off the D-League.....and one of them STARTS  Shall I go on?
Get your foot off the boat::Not last night....
mccoy3181::Get your foot off the boat - Add them up yourself - I even rounded down.....  http://espn.go.com/nba/team/stats/_/name/min/minnesota-timberwolves   I win.  Wolves suck
Get your foot off the boat::Add them up yourself - I even rounded down.....  http://espn.go.com/nba/team/stats/_/name/min/minnesota-timberwolves
mccoy3181::I can make up numbers too
Get your foot off the boat::The time for honoring yourself will soon be at an end.
mccoy3181::The Wolves have a history of sucking.  That is just what they do.
Get your foot off the boat::Wolves players out:  Love, Pek, AK, Budinger, Josh Howard, B Roy....combined averages this season 69 ppg.  Spurs got rocked.....deal with it.
MinniWolves90::The truth is, Wolves were missing more players than the Spurs, and still won. Quit crying.
mccoy3181::I speak the truth.
MinniWolves90::You totally missed the point of his post, no?
Get your foot off the boat::mccoy3181 = tool
mccoy3181::SPURS = championship contenders  Wolves = pretenders
RSno9::Quit being a whiney little bi$#&amp; mccoy!
mccoy3181::This win meant nothing.
mccoy3181::deal with it.  The Spurs just gave them the game.
mccoy3181::How am I whinning?  Im just speaking the truth.
MinniWolves90::Back up, there will be NO injury excuses when you play the Wolves. Are you kidding me?! Wolves are playing with one normal starter!
mccoy3181::Im sorry but no matter what the Wolves will always suck.  Pop didnt care if he won this game.  If both teams would have been at full strength then Spurs would have whipped them like they always do.  70-26 all time record against the Wolves.
FeFyeFoeRun::Cant Wait till March 31st!
Vikadontis Rex::Wow Stephen Jackson is a tool. Way to get killed by 24, getting just 15 pts 5 rebounds 0 assists, and being moved around to 9 teams in your 12 year career then try to talk $@%! about a 2nd year player on a team missing their best player.
MinniWolves90::And for a guy that's "into winning championships" he sure doesn't have many. Just the one from 10 years ago!
lsiberian::Um that's more than the Twolves have.
MinniWolves90::Yeah, what a punk.
FeFyeFoeRun::Heat &gt; Spurs
benjaminsmith27::Timberwolves handled the Spurs bench better than the Heat lol
mccoy3181::WRONG!!! try again
The Cakapoo::Spurs &lt; Heat.  do you prefer it this way?
-Master.Of.Everything-::Spurs: Exposed.
Brandon TheProdigy::That's an asinine comment, ANY team would be finished if you take out their best players. Do you think the Lakers would be doing as well if you took out 2 of their three best men (Kobe, Nash, Howard)? No. Would the Heat have made it to 19 wins straight if Lebron and/or D-Wade had to sit out 2-3 games? Hell no. The Spurs were crippled in this game, although to my understanding the T-wolves have been the majority of the season also, but we're still the top of the litter in the West. The Spurs aren't going anywhere, and they've got a legitimate shot at winning the Conference and even the championship this season.
benjaminsmith27::They certainly are when you take out the best players haha
FeFyeFoeRun::Spurs Are Finished!
mccoy3181::No they will be finished in June when they win their 5th ship
MinniWolves90::Yeah, they're VERY beatable without Parker, Leonard, and Duncan.
MinniWolves90::Did Ricky's play make SC Top 10?
abovethelies2::yes #7
MinniWolves90::Sa-Weet!
NOVABuffalo::This is what happens in the NBA when you shot 35%.
MinniWolves90::Us Wolves fans know....
abovethelies2::To Rubio haters....GET OVER YOURSELVES......The Spur are a great team with a great coach....The Wolves have had a horrible season with injuries.... However, let's give some props to a guy playing well after suffering a terrible knee injury.  Its just ONE game...I get it but how hard is it to give some credit.....The Spurs will be in the playoffs even with a loser like Jackson on the team.......
MinniWolves90::Ricky's back-to-back behind-the-back move was incredible. This dude is so much fun to watch. And it's even more fun when we actually win a game.
MinniWolves90::GO WOLVES!!! I knew Ricky was bound to record a triple-double. He's been flirting with one for a while. Alexey, JJ, and CJ played phenomenal as well.
Get your foot off the boat::Need to cue up the Ricky Vaughn "Wild Thing" music when he steps out on the floor.
jonnyd_94::Ricky Rubio only avg 5 pts in Europe, he'll be out of the league in 2 years....
jonnyd_94::the double behind the back layup was sick.  I don't care if it was against scrubs.  I (rube cred) told everyone he'd be a 10pt 8 ast guy in the NBA and I was exactly correct. Love's injury and Rubio's recovery killed this season and probably Kahn's job.
abovethelies2::OK...dude you have got a weird split personality.....and are really misinformed.....Your sarcastic 10/8 "back-sided" compliment is just lame.....
jonnyd_94::sarcasm of Rubio trolls from last year doesn't translate well
abovethelies2::Because they (you) have trouble speaking coherently ......lol
abovethelies2::Yep.....just as DUMB a comment as Jackson. Its true that losers agree with losers.....
MinniWolves90::You obviously don't understand the differences in the European and American styles. He also didn't play that much (for some reason). Sorry, but Ricky is a future all-star.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::But he plays point guard and his primary responsibility is to spread the ball around and keep the offense moving.  He's young and a pretty good passer for his age.  Your NBA analysis is terrible.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Good win for the Wolves (because any win is good).  Spurs fans - please stop complaining about Pop's coaching decisions.  I trust the coach with 4 titles and the longest 50 win season winning streak in NBA history to make the personnel decisions. His decisions have led the Spurs to more wins than any team in the NBA up to this point including the Heat. Let him coach!
Brandon TheProdigy::What?! I'm sorry, but what possible reason could the Spurs have for NOT re-signing Manu? He's been a key member of the team for years now. Getting rid of him would be stupid.Sure he's not a high-scorer, but he's great at moving the ball around and has talent for getting into the paint. I do agree with you about living in the present though, Pop's decisions haven't always been the best this season, and that's cause for concern.
mark48424::Some of us, Spurs fans call it like we see it. I'm not gonna sit there and say.."oh, well..that was horrible but we won 4 titles years ago." I live in the present...not in the past. Its the same reason we would be stupid to re-sign Manu but other Spurs fans find that blasphemous that I would say Manu needs to go. And what good is it to win 50 games if you dont win it all? Just means you have a worse draft pick.
klin121::Thanks Rubio, I do not t to meet the Lakers in the furst round, not that I am scared of them but the collateral damage of playing these suckers can cause the next series.
ThunderHornz::Congrats Minesota! Its nice to see you have some joy in this injury plagued season!
FantasyAggie2012::What a waste for my Spurs... Demolish the Thunder at home, then give this game away on the road. So, Monday's W is basically meaningless. I trust Pop, but sitting guys is getting frustrating... The players are paid millions TO PLAY.
klin121::Shut up already Pops has shown that he is a man who knows what he is doing.
mark48424::You can be a homer and lap up all of the teams decisions but some of us like to think for ourselves.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::I trust the coach with 4 titles and the longest 50-game season winning streak in NBA history to make the personnel decisions.  His decisions have led the Spurs to more wins than any team in the NBA up to this point including the Heat.  Let him coach!
ThunderHornz::I didn't realize Leonard's knees needed rest-had wondered about Pop leaving him at home. Probably for the best though a loss always stings....
mark48424::Bingo. Sitting players is getting old. Its not working. We're going on 6 straight years without a title so resting them for the playoffs isnt exactly paying off. If they cant play, then they need to retire and its time to get some fresh players.
FantasyAggie2012::Yep, and the "rests" usually come at the worst time. We need as many wins as we can get, especially against inferior teams since Parker's out. Oh well, no excuses once the playoffs start!
ThunderHornz::Congrats Minnesota! Nice for you to have some joy in this injury plagued season! Spurs, why was Leonard left at home? Did he get dinged? He seems young enough not to need a bunch of rest..........  Shows you on any given night, anything can happen!
aaronweiner23::I'm sure this was an unwatchable game.
abovethelies2::To Fantasy Auggie.....REALLY...lol....The Wolves had 4 starters out and your point is.....
LilGunnyKeck365::And come to think of it we where missing K-Love!
LilGunnyKeck365::Who cares! WE WON!!! BTW- the spurs had 2 starters out in the middle of the season when they faced the raptors and they won so there's no excuse for the spurs to loose this.
ThunderHornz::Don't be mean- TWolves have plenty of missing starters as well........
BearJWS::For Spurs fans...
Get your foot off the boat::We start a guy that was playing in the D League 6 weeks ago....3 starters out....sixth man out....  Stick it.
FantasyAggie2012::Three starters were out... The only reason the Wolves won. Period.
roll_n_riot::meh Spurs still have the most wins in the league, its time off for them to get ready for the playoffs. 1st seed 2nd seed either or
shut the front door please::How do you get absolutely massacred by the Blazers and Wolves but you crush the Thunder? I think the Spurs are just bored of the regular season at this point.
UofMemphisTigers::Maybe they're tanking to avoid the Fakers in the first round?
ThunderHornz::Actually, as much as I HATE to say it, lakers ARE playing different ball and Howard seems to be on happy pills. He is really doing work. I know some of this success has been against struggling teams - I don't know their sched to know if they have any tougher competition coming but they are not the same animal.
roll_n_riot::they have 17 games to get their 50th win, usually the spurs way
ESPN 1 BABY::+400 Told you all, they shot their load yesterday....party all-night....WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Jose Juan Barea Mora::Rubio &gt; Parker
abovethelies2::Hey I'm a Rubio fan....but let's not put him in Parker's class yet.....
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Hahaha Rubio had a good game but lets not get carried away.   1 Finals MVP &gt; 0 Finals Appearances 3 Rings &gt; 0 Playoff Appearances   I could go on but it's entirely pointless...
klin121::He can pass better, that's it.
lovesports27::Rubio is overrated. I'm glad he came back from his ACL injury though, maybe he'll give D-ROSE some pointers.
Runner_upp::Wolves are a great young team on the rise. Just hope they get a shaman or something to get rid of this injury curse.
johnfm101::Minnesotas Bench Killed SAs bench. SA had no bench left since the bench was starting
VikingsRavensMN::really?&gt; the Wolves don't even have enough players to scrimmage...
--Td4mvp3 -::alright guys Im out.....gonna crash and cry myself to sleep....jk......gg wolves fans and see yall around
Minnysota Vikings::Cya man. Good chat
Thunder4Life2008::Ehh, join the club. Have a good night.
Minnysota Vikings::Fun Fact: Love and Rubio have been on the court together for a total of 28 minutes this year.
--Td4mvp3 -::lol hey they've had over 2 quarters to get used to eachother...stop making excuses....lol jk
Minnysota Vikings::lol yeah and during those 28 minutes Love still had a bad hand and Rubio was just beginning his recovery from an ACL tear. Neither player was near 100%.
airicad::Ricky put on a show tonight.  First class entertainment.  Sometimes in sports we get too caught up in playoff seeding and we forget that it is first and foremost a group of professionals doing what they do best.  That's what I admire a player like Ricky doing what he did even when the Timberwolves' season is all but over.  I'm not a Wolves fan, but their awesome play made me a fan at least for the night.
--Td4mvp3 -::yea he is the real deal
