Supa T::There are two ways to look at the forth quarter with the lead. One is to play lock down defense the rest of the way in. Great idea but even the best teams have trouble doing that or number two is being able to answer when the other team makes a run. That is what they did tonight. They answered on the offensive end. A lot of turnovers all around but they answered on the offensive end. Thats why you get the W.  So many comments speaking about this guy or that one and ultimately it is how the team plays together if they can play together and if consciously & sub consciously they show up as a team. Tonight they did.
Supa T::Brooks played nicely tonight. My guess is that if Brooks were in Beverley's shoes last year, they would be saying the same thing about Brooks as Beverley. Seems like he can bring a big spark off the bench. Has quickness, athletic ability and so on.
The Sports Authority::Houston has all the pieces. If they ever figure it out...they could be really special.   Last year I talked about TJones and his inside/outside game but I didn't realize he had NBA 3-pt range too. You look at the versatility and flexibility of this roster...what is Houston missing?  Established Superstar at the Center position. Rising All-Star on the wing in Harden. Rising star on the wing with Parson. Both can stretch, drive and create. Lin is a rising playmaker with a solid all-around game. Beverley brings excellent quickness and wingspan on defense...he can knock down the 3 and is an exquisite offensive rebounder.   Garcia is a vet off the bench who can shoot. Casspi can shoot. Brooks is a change-up plug and play guy who can have scoring bursts. Asik is a rising Center who could start on a number of teams in the league...he can anchor the post on defense and rebound both ends.   Creators, drivers, shooters, post presence, offensive rebounding, defensive rebounding, length, depth...Houston has all the pieces. Frankly, it would go against history for a young team like this to come together so quickly and win an NBA Title and it's not going to help matters when you have a coach like McHale who "you hope" is really in his infancy.   I mean...you hope this isn't the best of McHale. If what we've seen from McHale in MN and HOU is THE indication of his coaching ability...he should be fired right now.
vergel l::Hopefully the Minnesota will not outscore Houston in the 4th quarter. Houston has a bad defense during 4th quarter.
Josh::Lin is playing like #$%$.  But whenever he steps up and play great, the team wins.  Whenever he plays like last game the team lose.  His value is undeniable.
D. Darqwon::As predicted, another good bounce back win for the Rockets. The backcourt lit it up, especially Aaron Brooks who almost single-handedly picked up the slack with Harden being out. Brooks and Beverley combined to go 11-15 from three point range. The turnovers are still a great concern, particularly with JLin who still has a tendency to commit unforced errors. Minny got 30+ points off of Rockets turnovers alone.  Nevertheless it was good to see Lin scoring again and being aggressive with the ball.   It was also impressive to see T. Jones relatively hold is own against K.Love. His emergence is starting to look reminiscent of Chandler Parson's last season.  Strong victory Now on to Memphis
TheBigB0ss::Great game tonight...good to see things are BACK TO NORMAL when Lin plays 33+ minutes.  Great job for the entire team (everyone in double digits)....exactly what you see when Lin runs the floor.   Also, big props to former FANTASY PG STUD Aaron brooks.  Good to see him get back into the groove of things with his offense.  I would like to see him play a bit more then beverly at the 1.  I will be curious to see how that goes in the coming weeks.
TheBigB0ss::After watching aaron brooks, i actually think he should  start making a case vs patrick beverly.  Beverly is a better 1vs1 defender then brooks, but man, brooks can shoot.  With Brooks coming in for Lin and when harden is healthy again, you will have a 3 strong offensive guards.  Have beverly come in for harden for defensive substitutions when you need a stop.    I have been pretty right on the rockets team (even though im not a fan) since last season.  Everything I have usually said about the rockets (offense and defense) pretty on point...even more so then actual rocket fans.  Example, some delusional people said tony douglas should have been the starting point guard last year....that was a laugh.  Others are now saying beverly should start over lin....where has that gotten the team so far this year?  If anyone should sub is harden for beverly (but thats still farfetched as well).     Good to see asik come off the bench for howard.  And its good howard's FTs are improving, hopefully he can keep that up.  Good team defense so far...im sure mchale finally made some adjustments on defense, but another big reason is you have lin and beverly which is an improvement over beverly/harden on defense.  Anyway, lets see how the 2nd half goes.  If mchale is to win this, he will need to allow Lin to run the offense (when that happens, great things happen for the rockets).
Mike::I've always liked Aaron Brooks. He's a tenacious defender and a highly skilled shooter. I recognized his value when I saw how well he played backing up Beverley during the playoffs against OKC last season. I honestly believe the Rockets would have beat OKC if they stuck with just those two at PG.  I said last season that Beverley and Brooks would make an awesome one-two combo punch at the PG position, and I still stand by that assessment.
Ogbabyace::Ricky Rubio, Kevin Love, and Nikola Pekovic all suck!!! Why are these clowns even in the NBA for? Send these losers back to Europe better yet just send the T-wolves to Europe maybe then they could compete with talent equal to theirs.
