Teams stink::I don't believe the timberwolves! They lost to a team that recently lost by almost 30 to golden showers, just lost to the bulls and lost to mempiss, who is one of the worst teams in the league and the RUNS beat minnesota at their home??!!  Looks like minnesota is way worse than I thought.  Their record is worse than the runs but I thought they were good at home.  Love has every reason to want to beat his team mates!
El Jefe MN::People forget this is basically a new team.  Injuries prevented Love, Pek and Rubio playing together last season (Love/Rubio played only 28 minutes together) and with Brewer, Martin, Mbah a Moute, etc., it takes time for everyone to find their place.  Their record may be worse than expected, but 10 of their 17 losses have been by 4 points or less, so they are competitive.  Bad losses to CLE, WAS, LAL, and 3 losses to LAC by 2, 4, 4 pts.....  With Turiaf and Budinger coming back, the bench should be better.  If they start learning how to close out games they are going to be a tough opponent going forward.  With Pek's improved play, they now have three legitimate scoring threats.  Assuming they can stay healthy...the rest of the season looks promising.  That being said, teams like the Suns, Dallas, Denver are teams Minny HAS to beat...especially at home.  Vamos Lobos!
Bottoms Up::They did lose and to top that off next year is a very deep draft and Minnesota doesn't have a number 1 draft pick the Suns get it how stupid is that! I don't understand why they can't figure it out. They should have Curry and Lawson instead they take Flynn and trade Lawson. It is so hard to be a fan of a team that never gets a break and draft the right person.
Scott::Maybe its also more forgotten that the suns are even newer. New coach, GM, the Brazilian Blur's 1st night with the team (after being gone a few yrs), lots of new players, etc. Suns overcame the polar vortex and are one of NBA's most exciting teams precisely because they're so new their winning isn't expected.
Phil Olson::Ok, it's official, Minnesota is just a sub .500 team.  As if the last 10 years couldn't have told us that.
Rod O::I thought having players like Brewer, Rubio and now Mbah a Moute would give the Wolves some lock-down defenders but their fourth quarter defense is TERRIBLE.  They can score with anybody (3rd in the league in pts/game) but they cannot defend.  Hopefully this changes soon.  Go Wolves!
elemental1::Shut up, South Park (and all your other IDs: Turd Ferguson, Davey Crocket, Bob, Barney, Greg, Michael Scott). We all know you insist on being the dumbest troll ever who hates the Wolves and can't capitalize words. Stay off mommy's computer until you grow a brain cell.
K101::Wolves can still lose this game. They are actually the underdogs being at home.
Chad::I like Pho in this 1 Their guards are MUCH better and maturer than Rinky Ricky and a unorthodox shooting style Martin (he and the Matrix Marion shot is 85% blockable, see release point)  Frye has the size and SMARTS to contain Love and Peckovic. Plumlee will need help in the post with Pek. The only draw is the SF/3 spot. Maybe MIN with Brewer (very versatile player)  PHO 104 MIN 97   ~NBA macthup expert
Gary::This may be the worst officiating crew of all time.
