Alan Pettyjohn::"I told ya about Karl!"...blah blah blah.... nobody cares David Aulds  Karl needed to go....he was staler than 2 week old bread... Nuggets HAD to change direction after the plethora of playoff one and dones.  The problems now are caused by a new regime that is in a BUILDING MODE....forming a (hopefully) playoff winning caliber team.    I expected Nuggets to start slow as Shaw finds his rotations and players...and while I expected a slow down, the first 2 games have been painful to watch. It will take Shaw a full season or more to get the personnel he needs...or to train his present crew.  I expect quite a few of last years Nuggets to be around after the rebuild...and a few who will not be. (noone is safe...even Ty or Manimal...Javale better pick it up or will be packing it up)  I fully accept that they can suck this year and part of next season...well worth it if they become stronger for it.  I mean it has to beat year after year of regular season excitement and expectations that are always followed by crushing playoff performances.  You would probably be happy with 65 wins and a first round exit...well I, and a LOT of other Nuggets fans would rather not...I would gladly take a low seed and a couple of playoff series W's myself...
David Aulds::He's changing the entire system and you can't change it that quickly.  Besides the triangle is a joke!!!
David Aulds::Teams that win 65 game don't have first round exits that often and teams with low playoff seeds rarely if ever get past round one. Your thinking is backwards!!!
Alan Pettyjohn::David Aulds of course you would miss the whole point... I neither alluded to the playoff record of 65 win teams or low seeds..... What I DID refer to was that you would prefer a Top 3 seed with  an early exit  while I prefer a lower seeded team that can win a series.   Which was the whole problem with Karl...he could not win with a high seed (the WCF year was all Billups btw) nor a low seed the entire time he was here.  Karl sold tickets with his style...not win play off games
Alex Naeff::Good God nuggets fans, its been TWO games. You realize last year the Nuggets started off 0-3 right? So many of you are jumping ship already, its embarrassing.
Wash Heightsboythree::I want the Nuggets to lose *because* I'm such a big fan.  The cycle of being just good enough not to draft talent needs to be broken.
Samuel Hulbert::Im with you Wash with Parker and Wiggins you gotta tank one year to get one!! I also wanna see them make a big trade for maybe Kevin Love or something then I feel with a good core left we'd be contenders
Jeremy Lugo::GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!! SPURS!!!!! GOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!
Mike Wagener::GO SPURS!
Chris Zeren::I hope the Nuggets keep on losing this year. With this roster even IF we make the playoffs we are going nowhere. We need the superstar player and this draft is loaded. I'm on the SUCK FOR WIGGINS train starting now. I'll take one year of suck for a chance at future championships.
Gregory Houston::Winless for Wiggins!
Samuel Hulbert::Thank you!! Im not alone on this one!! Plus a big trade or signing I think Kevin Love is a fa next year could be wrong but trade or sign him get Wiggins or Parker with our core were set
Derrick Alderete::Glad to see Ginobili step up and my two fave Spurs Kawhi and Patty both look good....Go spurs Go
Vince Vignolle::Looks like that running George Karl out of town thing is really paying off.
Mason Wesley Lloyd::Trust me, I'd rather lose every game this season and get a good draft pick than get the 8th seed and get bounced from the first round (again)
Taylor Manes::Nate Robinson needs to come back to the bulls so he can win with us....and help us win because he can't do anything on the nuggets....don't worry Denver we will give you teague..lol..
Johnnie 'Ghostman' Canada::Officiating was horrible tonight, they really slow the game down and me it hard to watch, but glad Spurs came out with the W #GSG
Christian Parrish::Seriously, the officiating is awful.  It really makes the NBA unwatchable now.
Alex Naeff::You should've watched the preseason games. I nearly stabbed my eyes out
Gerold Ray Pitts::2 games in the season and you Nugget fans are already calling for brian shaw's throat. Atleast give the man till the allstar break until you fire him. Sounds like the lakers of last year. lol
Garrett Wonnacott::I don't think it's that we want Shaw gone, it's that Shaw's system and our roster are a horribly pathetic fit.  So, the Nuggets either need to find a coach to coach this roster or start revamping the roster in a hurry.  Right now, the feeling is Kroenke thinks being in the 8-10 range in the west is just fine, but it's not, it's the worst place in basketball.  Your pick isn't high enough to build around and you aren't going to do squat in the postseason.  I think that is our frustration.  That and the fact any GM in their right mind would have ever thought they could build a team around Javale McGee, but we are gonna do it anyway.  And the fact that Anthony Randolph who would play only garbage minutes for 25 teams in the league is currently starting for us...
Zach Foster::Yeah, but Mike D'Antoni is on another level of terrible. Brian Shaw at least has some time to prove himself.
Ariana Gamboa Mimbela::I hope Green can get hot again, when hes hitting the Spurs are unbeatable... Go Spurs Go!
Gary Wheatley::wow  nuggets have 20 fouls called on them to spurs 10.
Tatyana Kuptsevich::What are you talking about? They were about even.
Drew Williams::will spurs cover -5?
Jorge Gonzalez::GO SPURS GO!!!
Kevin J. Gulbransen::George Karl was good at Coaching offense but his style was not conducive to playoff success. Once Shaw get's his rotation figured out we'll see what he can do. We're also missing probably 2 of our top 3 players in Gallo in Chandler. We need Chandler to start playing ASAP. It's good to see Arthur's minutes declining. He brings nothing to the table and shouldn't be playing. Thus far Fournier has not been playing well either and I hate to say it but he really shouldn't be playing right now.
Mason Wesley Lloyd::Professor Miller just schooled Leonard on how to play small forward at 6 feet tall. haha, can't believe Brian Shaw just got away with playing three point guards, two of them being the smallest players in the league. Our screening is looking really good, McGee is looking really bad, and if the Nuggets had a big guy that could shoot a jump shot, Ty Lawson could average 10 assists a game. Nothing surprising here.
Alex Naeff::McGee looks awful. Mozzy looks good though, Im wondering why J-Ham isnt playing more? The dude came out knocking them down
Mason Wesley Lloyd::Mozgov looks really good. Nice to see a center that doesn't leave his feet every time Tim Duncan makes a head fake *cough McGee cough*.
Ryan Breivik::Simple San Antonio Spurs Basketball. Stay close enough in the game, keep your opponent interested, and then in the 4th put the defensive clamps down.  Get easy buckets.  Grind the opponents mentality and willpower into a thousand tiny shards of psychosomatic self-destruction.  Then, get out of there with the "W".
Tatyana Kuptsevich::I don't know if the 1st half brickfest was Pop's plan...
Franz Atencia::Tatyana Kuptsevich No, but they are getting good looks. Those shots eventually fall.
Jake Mac::This is the worst the Nuggets have looked in over a decade. Randy Foye was supposed to be the 'Shooter' the Nugs needed, but he has looked awful. Anthony Randolph shouldn't see more than 10 minutes a game. Indecision over Hickson and Faried is giving us awkward line ups. Bright spots? Nate Robinson is playing well and Mozgov might deserve to be the starting Center. Not much hope for the Nuggets this season.
Zach Ware::We can hope for Wiggins
Alex Naeff::TWO GAMES HAVE BEEN PLAYED. Go bandwagon the Clippers if you already quit on the nuggets.
Marilyn Dubinski::Denver's announcers are either brand spanking new to the NBA as a whole or are completely incompetent.  case in point: they were shocked to see Tim Duncan wearing a knee brace. (he's only been wearing it for 3 yrs and counting...)
Matthew Vigil::It was George Karl's fault they couldn't succeed in the playoffs.  They had a beast squad, they were just a bunch of knuckleheads. Look at the knicks. Jr n carmello arent good together.
Alex Naeff::How did the nuggets not see this coming? They only have 2 big men. All the rest are tweeners who cant post up or play D in the paint. This is not Shaw's fault. This is completely Kroenke's and Connelly's fault
Alex Naeff::Not to mention they think McGee is a guy to build around
John Osaki Jr.::Great match-up tonight. If you are a big-time Tim Duncan or Manu Ginobli fan, check out the new 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Lavender West::Every time I see this post your book is going to get another terrible review.  Just posting these comments
Nick Falletta::going to be a train wreck of a season for the nuggets just as I thought it would...hopefully they will be so bad that they can actually get a top 3 pick this year.
Robert L Hutchison::No playoffs and lottery luck for the nuggz... decade of postseason berths and 1st round exits = rebuilding to getout of 1stround
Alex Naeff::The Knicks might bail the nuggets out this year. We have their pick
