bluewhitetitansfight::This game was a great game to watch. Z-Bo absolutely dominated (I'd say this could be one of the best games of the season by anyone!) and Rudy Gay's go-ahead shot was awesome! Great game to the Suns, you played well. On to the Hornets... go Grizz!
Lions_Megatron20::Im so glad i picked ZBo is the 8th round in fantasy  he has been an absolute beast this year keep it up grizzlies!!
SanchezMania::ESPN glosses over this game in favor for Houston over LA.  The Grizzlies had an AMAZING comeback. big time NBA shots being made in the 4th Qtr. Big time hustle gritty plays going down.   The Grizzlies run is special, I think ESPN needs to follow it on a national scale more closely.   Randolph went 38 points. 22 Rebs. Insane.
bluewhitetitansfight::I agree... I don't understand why we don't get more media attention. ESPN just focuses on the Lakers constantly... I want to hear more about teams like the Grizzlies, Spurs, Knicks, Clippers, etc. Teams that don't get a lot of media attention but are quietly dominating.
Seskatchewan::The lakers' problems are currently "in" Stop being politically correct
sumblink41::If lebron would had went for 38 and 22 this would be a top story on ESPN
bluewhitetitansfight::Seriously. Z-Bo just gets a tweet... this should be all over SportsCenter
CUSA_NEWS::Yep!
JJATLJJ48::I couldn't believe the line Randolph put up when I read it... Wish I could have seen the game.
JJATLJJ48::All the clutch shots with Gortats hands in his face in OT... just wow.
Cap_Cee::Randolph=MVP
doof54::The Suns actually played an excellent game.  The Grizzlies did not deserve the win.  They are much softer without Tony Allen in the lineup.  Huge egg laid by Mike Conley, Rudy Gay (ugh!), and Wayne Ellington.  Thank God Zach was in beast mode.
WatergateSean::what drug are you taking, id like to try it.
Slangin bricks::randolph is so fun to watch great player
theheebs::38 pts on 15-22 shooting AND 22 boards!?!?    THAT was a monster game from Randolph
MemphisTn7414::We is the top team!
arizonasportsman::Lets wait to see if he can do the same against top teams.
20stewart944::He did it 2 yrs ago against the Spurs so $@%!
King3378::Time 4 for the cardinals and suns fire there coaches
machinegunkelley80::How can we wrestle Dudley from you guys. He'd fit perfectly here in Memphis
Okcin2013::Hear the footsteps?
Jbrad24seven113::Hear the crickets??
Akoiah::zbo is a beast
Huskies__Ball::Suns r playing into the lottery
kevmart1969::Ive been using a bet system called Sportsbettingstar the past few months now. im making around $3,000 a month profit using this system. If you search the term sports betting system on Google you will find the system there.
cawsnallthis::Z-Bo went Deebo!
JBT1MIAMI::gotta be my favorite team... since the decision.
eototalt::I've got the Feb. 10th game between the Grizzlies and my Wolves circled. The Wolves should be fully healthy by then. Man, that is going to be one hell of a game!
diego3494::clippers&gt;memphis $@%! u  foos  straight up
Antsea91::memphis v bobcats finals w/ bobcats in 7! GL!
dont_try_this_at_home::Memphis is ballin this year......Would not be surprised at them in the finals.
txbball15::memphis sucks, they'll never win a championship
theheebs::don't feed the trolls guys
JBRITT111::Hating on current success ?  Those that throw out the 'how many ships' show that they are in the mood to reminisce!
txbball15::hating on what? 0 championships?? LOL
Grindhouse2413::Jealousy is a helll of a thang
wkdavis85::Keep hating. We love it
doof54::That's... Keep hatting.
Lugene Parker::Hatter alert!
Let Kobe Shoot::Damn! Z-BO went off
machinegunkelley80::Grit and grind gang baby. Didn't get to watch the game. Would've been upset but my son was being born. Next generation grind gang representative
Lugene Parker::Preciate it! I'll be in the FedEx Forum pushing a stroller! LOL!
AKsparky907::Congratulations bro! It's a tough job!
sasha_lu::Congrats!!  Glad to have another fan!
Grindhouse2413::Congrats dude! Welcome to the world little baby cub!
Lugene Parker::I hear ya bro.  Got one on the way myself.  Future Grit N Grinder!
Cardinals-Diamondbacks-Sun Devils-Suns::As many of you know,I have posted the message"Spurs fans suck." many times. So why I hate the Spurs? Because my Phoenix Suns got SCREWED in 2007. That Amare suspension was totally unfair and unwarranted and it cost the Suns the key game of that series,game 5. It was totally unfair and unwarranted and it may well have cost the Suns the 2007 NBA Championship. After 2007,being a Suns fan gives me no choice but to hate the Spurs.
jasondean1909::Man the Suns suck!  And I am a fan!  Fukn Sarver!
RishmoRacing::Im a Suns fan too, but the pain will pay off in the long run with disciplined use of cap space and acquiring draft picks. Go Suns!
JOE CARLS::DRAFT PICKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WE should LOAD UP!!
Grindhouse2413::Ok, enough playing around TA. Get your $@% back in the starting line up.....This game would not have been the same with him in there wreaking havoc.
GoTigers2015::I saw flashes of Game 6 against the Spurs tonight from Z-BO awwwww yeah
Grindhouse2413::I cant wait till the playoffs. I plan on making them all.
AKsparky907::I'll be flying down for the western conference finals.
Lugene Parker::If we make the WCF then I'm putting in vacation to catch every game!
Lugene Parker::That day was on my birthday.  The best birthday present I'll ever have!  I was at the forum rockin with my wife!  Her first Grizzlies game.  She instantly became a fan!
Lugene Parker::Aww yeah!  Me and my wife will be their once again!
GoTigers2015::I went to Game 4, unfortunately couldn't get tickets for game 6, but damn was that fun. Looking forward to a little bit more in the postseason this year from the Grizz
Lugene Parker::Matter of fact, my avatar is a picture of me at the game in one of the suites!
Lugene Parker::hate i missed the game. had to listen to it on the radio on the way home from work.  Thought we gave the game away till rudy hit those buckets late in regulation. LOL!
Lugene Parker::#WEDONTBLUFFCITY
Grindhouse2413::meet me behind the buses
Lugene Parker::LOL! Z told the suns, theirs a lot of bluffing going on, on the court.... And I DONT BLUFF!
arizonasportsman::Love the loss. Looking like Suns will have two lottery picks this year thanks to Dwight Howard.
CBass1317::game of the year right there from Zach.  Damn.
memphisgroove::Fairly certain his 40-30 just did.
eototalt::Call me when he beats Love's 30-30
sports are designed to distract u from whats really going on::zbo stop it just stop it
hiraiken::38 and 22? I just came.
yawle7::SUNS are a JOKE...
Rebel Of The Underground::38 pts 22 reb wtf???
JBRITT111::..AND  San Antonio!  I'm a Grizz fan and live in Texas.... We are all perhaps too used to them being good, but SA IS the best team... then Grizz then Thunder.
JBRITT111::True... Grizz misses Tony Allen more than SA misses Jackson and the other dude though.  Allen holds Ginobilli to at least 10 pts  less.....  again true that those three are gonna win at home.
tigersfangoldandblue::I wish we hadn't blown that lead at SA so I could refute this. But it is close between all three. I'd favor whoever was the home team in any of those matchups.
relawe13::grizzlies and okc two best teams right now
utclindsay::LeBron and Kobe...you need to be introduced to Zach Randolph!!
Grindhouse2413::Oh they have been. And we won both of them
rc021363::Good game, Sun fans.  You ought to be proud that the Suns stayed toe to toe with the Grizzlies and almost pulled out a W on them.  See you next game!  Grit N Grind Grizzlies!!
SFEST13::Saw some guy saying that record doesn't matter and that the Grizzlies would finish worse than the Magic. I almost cried. The Grizzlies are insane this year. I'm also surprised the Suns don't have a better record, I love their starting five.
JOE CARLS::u have got to be SHI TTING ME???Genius more like clueless! Peter u are one of the reasons why Sarver-Gentry-Blanks dont feel like they have to be any better than a 500 team . With fans like u that always say things are looking up they feel no reason to push this franchise past mediocre because fans like u are more than happy with the crap product they put on the court and are willing to pay for it. I hope u  wouldnt buy a big mac from Mcdonalds that had  SH IT in it because its the same thing  Sarver is feeding u a SH*T sandwich and u keep coming back for more.
JOE CARLS::Normally the Suns play NO defense at all and their starting 5 changes every couple of games. Gentry needs fired, he is a clueless coach when it comes to minutes and rotations, Brown and Beasley are HORRID
Peter26811::Gentry is a genius. He is the reason our mediocre suns are nearly a playoff team. He has no true shooting guard and beasley just needs time in this new offense i think. They'll hit their stride mid-january and be fine this year. I'm seeing a major improvement as opposed to last season at about this point in the season
SFEST13::True. I'm not even a fan of either of these teams though, haha. I wouldn't know too much about how good or bad of defense they play. BUT, I really enjoy watching (highlights of) Dragic and Gortat. It'll be interesting to see Markieff Morris' progress as well.
JOE CARLS::Brown shouldnt be a starter but Phoenix has no true starting SG and Beasley doesnt even play good enough to be a rotation player
utclindsay::38points and 22 boards, just another day in the office.. - ZBo
Grindhouse2413::Thats the Z-Bo I know. Great win Griz. I go Thursday to buy my season tickets for the remaining season. I cant wait. Go Griz. Grind Forth.
AKsparky907::Gonna that is, not goon.
AKsparky907::Nah, I'm from memphis but I live in alaska. I'll be down there on Friday for a month or so. Goon try to catch 2 or 3 games while I'm there.
Grindhouse2413::You live in Memphis AK?
AKsparky907::I'm jealous.
justarealpotato22::You know there is something to be said about this team. They battle. Anyone on the Grizz can lead this team. There are no stuck up superstar primadonnas. It's defense first. And if you can't respect what this team does you don't know $#@# about what basketball truly is. I'm very proud of my Grizz. And if and when this team matches up with the eastern conference champs...... Well team ball will beat the crap outta me ball.
AKsparky907::Agreed
MiamiMagicCity::Grizz-Heat Finals
Peter26811::No one will stop the grizz in the west this year. The spurs cant do it, their strength is their deep bench and the grizzlies have a bench thats just as deep. And i think the grizzlies starting 5 is better compared to SA's. And in a 7 game series i'd take their combination of youth and experience especially in their core players over the spurs. Lionel hollins is the only coach in the west, along with george karl who comes close to pop. And they'd demolish the lakers and overpower the thunder in a series. As for the heat, that'd be interesting, but i think the grizzlies would win. The heat have 3 scorers and abunch of shooters, and a figure head as a coach(yea thats you spoelstra, you dont actually coach up your guys) the grizz have 4-5 players put in points on any given night, z-bo and rudy who can take and make clutch shots in big moments, and gasol in the post to neutralize bosh and the heats post game. They'd make miami a perimeter team, and you cannot win a championship in this league anymore relying that much on jumshots(thunder last year, celtics 3 years ago we're looking at you). these are just my thoughts, trolls have fun
Grindhouse2413::Stopped them? you mean rested their players for several days just to barely win in overtime against us? please man. i wasnt impressed.
txbball15::thats why the spurs stopped them already right? what a loser
justarealpotato22::Will be watching the Grizz in the finals!!
clippers8130::excuse me  chris paul
Grindhouse2413::I agree. Memphis in 6.
roy2daboy::Trolls are all gone, draining their sorrows in their mother's basement because of the Grizz getting that W.  To the real Suns fans, good game.  To the wannabe Suns fans that talked sh..it tonight, go FU..CK yourselves!!!!!!
SFEST13::38 points, 22 boards. Y'know... <i> no big deal or anything... </i>
C92400::Hey Phoenix, you just met Mr. Zach Randolph.
utclindsay::He will be formally introduced to the people in Phoenix in a few weeks!
Dr_McTook::Worried for a while that the Grizz were struggling against the Suns in Memphis, but at least they pulled it out in the end.  Z-Bo really got it going late!  Well, all game really.  But especially at the end!
JOE CARLS::Kerr put the Suns where they are today and Sarver plus Blanks are keeping us where we are now
rc021363::Respect to the Suns, they impressed me tonight with their tenacity to keep the lead most of the game, and just kept pressuring the Grizzlies.  Good luck with the rest of the season and will see you the next Grizzlies-Suns game.
rc021363::LOL, yea, that surprised me, I thought the Suns would keep it close in OT, but I guess it was not meant to be.  O'Neal had me worried at the end.  LOL
JOE CARLS::yep def a good game, well till OT lol
JOE CARLS::Gotta give it up to the Griz though, they are looking like a legit threat in the postseason if they keep up with the start they have had so far
