Junkz14::The refs are afraid of Chris Bosh...
wunderrr::Magic got robbed... anyone watching the 4th Q and denying that Orlando would have won without the refs calling everything against them, is a liar.   i dont care for the heat or LBJ, this was just cheating on all NBA fans
Legdotus::You are a Magic Fan, you will obviously say that. Saying the Magic got robbed is plain stupid.  Don't use the foul disparity as an argument, Miami should get to the line more than any other team in the league actually, we have two of the best slashers in the game in Wade &amp; James, plus Bosh draws some fouls as well, like Battier and Haslem do with charges now &amp; then.  If anything, I always feel Wade doesn't get love from the refs, they don't call fouls against him very often, just because he has a habit of complaining.
1OtownGuy::Hes right, To anyone else it looks like crying...Im a magic fan and James grabbed Harkless and pulled him over him...thats Paul Pierce ish.  maybe james is the new peirce
FeFyeFoeRun::Ah Shat Up you cry baby!
jetzyy::LOL, 1 Personal foul called on BOTH Lebron &amp; Wade for the WHOLE game! While the  Whole Orlando Front line fouls out. (Tobias Harris SF, Nikola Vucevic C, Moe Harkless PF)  Just in time for the red carpet path to the hoop in the final seconds for the King. Just incredible
TiagoLebron::Well you surely didnt remember Lebron basket-and-one that got inbounded = 3 less points for Miami when Magic comeback was starting.......
jetzyy::Just watched the replay of That last possession for Orlando with 20 seconds left.   DeQuan Jones  went up in the paint  after the feed from J.Nelson. Wade blocked it &amp; Both Battier and Wade hit DeQuan Jones,  No Call. (Wade on the face &amp; Battier on the arm),  If the roles are reversed does Wade or Battier get the whistle on the exact same play/result ? Heat 2012-13 4th quarter in a nutshell.
koke003::So many self likers on the Knicks board lol
brandonlee561heat22::koke NY v OKC board were actually talking bball if you wanna get in
koke003::Aight seems I got taken down lol
Rays_Heat_Bucs_Lightning_AwwwwwYea::When does baseball start march or april?
brandonlee561heat22::Abril 1
brandonlee561heat22::Yea, right around the corner.
Rays_Heat_Bucs_Lightning_AwwwwwYea::sweet
FlyKoke623::I wonder if Yelich will be called up this season
shyne4me::the Marlins gave me my first championship in my life time so I can wait for them to grow
brandonlee561heat22::Who knows, knowing the Marlins they probably won't, but if they are playing like crap for the first 75% of year, which is probably going to happen, they should see about getting him some game time
FlyKoke623::Yea, Jose Fernandez will be a beast when he gets called up
brandonlee561heat22::Hope they pan out. Somehow the MArlins farm system went from being ranked 28th last year or something high like that, to like top 5. It's gonna be a while before this team gets back to the post season, enless something drastic happens
FlyKoke623::Yea terrible trade, couldn't even get rid of Nolasco, I actually like that pitcher Alvarez tho
brandonlee561heat22::I wish they got that catcher. Didnt even get anything out of that trade. Pissed me off.
FlyKoke623::I wanna see some the prospects they got from the Blue Jays lol
FeFyeFoeRun::Ya'll have a Wonderful evening!   <b>Go Thunder</b>  PS. Did the knicks regain their rightful spot in first yet?  What will it be? 8 back after tonite?
FeFyeFoeRun::<b>RISE Heat Nation RISE!</b>  EAT THE TROLLS!
brandonlee561heat22::Furcal having tommy john surgery
FlyKoke623::Wonder why he waited so long
brandonlee561heat22::Yea who knows, if he had done a couple months ago maybe he would have been able to return
FlyKoke623::Wow seems like a dumb decisions waiting so long
brandonlee561heat22::Dont know, I heard it had been bothering him since before the post season last year.
Harlem Shake::would you believe me if i said im in loveee
Taint Bout Dis Life::with a stripper?
FlyKoke623::That's my wife
Taint Bout Dis Life::dont you be talkin about my mama!
FlyKoke623::with yo momma
Aint Nobody Got Time For That::bye everyone
FlyKoke623::Later d-bag
Aint Nobody Got Time For That::its okay, good night sir
FlyKoke623::Haha srry
Taint Bout Dis Life::thats cuz you dumb koke
Aint Nobody Got Time For That:::(
FlyKoke623::Lmao I thought it was Aint =-O
Taint Bout Dis Life::thats alycia
brandonlee561heat22::And now they are about to come out with anchorman 2
brandonlee561heat22::I hope so, the first one was great.
FlyKoke623::Will Ferrell is hilarious
FlyKoke623::I think it will be funny
Taint Bout Dis Life::they are really making a hangover part 3  part 2 was beyond stinky
FlyKoke623::2 wasn't that bad lol
FlyKoke623::Yea 3 will probably be the same
brandonlee561heat22::It was really the same movie, just different setting. A lot of the same jokes too
Taint Bout Dis Life::yes it was.
brandonlee561heat22::its sad they ruined such a great movie with these sequels
duro.::good night fellas! go HEATZ
brandonlee561heat22::pce
Taint Bout Dis Life::one love
FlyKoke623::Later durorator
yayarea100::ciao friendo.. im out too e1!!!
Taint Bout Dis Life::duro i got a sister too.  we could do a sister swap
FlyKoke623::Dude back off my girl
FlyKoke623::I'll hit you kid
Taint Bout Dis Life::shutup lil boy
duro.::RORR
brandonlee561heat22::koke Marlins lost today lol And  Nolasco was named opening day starter
FlyKoke623::Lol well it was obvious Nolasco was gonna be the opening day starter, that sucks lol I hope Marlins can trade him
brandonlee561heat22::I dont get it. Probably because he isnt owed much money.
FlyKoke623::Yea idk why he wasn't traded
brandonlee561heat22::me too, its embarrassing, he sucks
FeFyeFoeRun::Any Sightings of the Pathetic Blue Light Troll Or One Of HER Numerous Aliases?  <b>Mods Would Like To Know!</b>
Taint Bout Dis Life::i didnt know worst was a girl  she hot?
FeFyeFoeRun::<b>Heck No!</b>
duro.::you just missed him lol
FeFyeFoeRun::She's actually using Blue Light Troll as a username?
duro.::it's in your post
FeFyeFoeRun::What was the Alias?
yayarea100::rather watch your parents do it 1000 times or join in once? (life is full of tough choices)
duro.::are my parents hot?
Taint Bout Dis Life::but i just wanted to know
FlyKoke623::His sister is a hotty
yayarea100::with the lights off, we're all hot
duro.::she's not my parent
Taint Bout Dis Life::idk is your sister?
duro.::ewww i mean watch not join in
Taint Bout Dis Life::be blind and deaf aka hellen keller
Taint Bout Dis Life::its shoulders today, my fav day of the weekkkkkkkk
duro.::need a spot?
Taint Bout Dis Life::i could always use a spot from you
Taint Bout Dis Life::the 1 seed gets the winner of the 4-5 matchup right?
yayarea100::yea.
brandonlee561heat22::I tthought the 6ers game was 2nite, guess im stuck watching okc v ny
duro.::you can watch the Sabres beat up the Devils
FlyKoke623::Marlins
yayarea100::boycotting this season
yayarea100::nah tomorrow cuh
duro.::current playoff matches are interesting except Nets, Hawks, wow snoozefest
Taint Bout Dis Life::indy-chicago snoozefest x 2
Aint Nobody Got Time For That::?
Taint Bout Dis Life::no more questions alycia
Aint Nobody Got Time For That::?
duro.::if the playoffs were to start today Heat - Bucks Knicks - Celts Bulls - Pacers Nets - Hawks
Taint Bout Dis Life::no
yayarea100::agreed.. BALL NIGHT!!!
balldaylong::"Lebron can't drive to his left" - Jordan.
duro.::only in Britain you're allowed to drive on the left
yayarea100::what is your last meal?
duro.::Filet Mignon from American Cut and a Lebron beef burger
Taint Bout Dis Life::kobe?!?!   you traitor
Taint Bout Dis Life::chicken and shrimp alfredo
Taint Bout Dis Life::we can awesome you up
duro.::not really, i'm a loser =/
Taint Bout Dis Life::are you awesome?
yayarea100::Boss
duro.::do you like me?
Taint Bout Dis Life::i only like awesome things
duro.::alfredo is awesome
Taint Bout Dis Life::liquor or beer
FlyKoke623::Martini  -duro
duro.::ror you rascar
Taint Bout Dis Life::stirred not shaken
duro.::tequila with a beer chaser
yayarea100::both?? can never choose between my babies
Taint Bout Dis Life::burger king or mcdonalds?
oneandonlybabe::BK
yayarea100::bk.. mickey d's hasnt done a burger justice in forevers
FlyKoke623::Burger King
duro.::it depends on the day, i like them bofe
FlyKoke623::Haha
duro.::ROR
oneandonlybabe::duro got it right, imo
yayarea100::i have actually done that.. went to bk for a whopper then drove right to mcdonalds for a large fry. cashier in the window looked at my bk bag like i was cheating on her
duro.::McDonalds for fries and nuggets, BK for Whopper and Chicken Sand
Taint Bout Dis Life::5 million bucks or sex with any 5 girls (your pick)
cbbaseball19::5 mill.  Exactly what duro said
oneandonlybabe::money always. money brings chicks plus many other things, no brainer.
yayarea100::what???? 5 mil, then you can have sexy time with any girl (assuming consent)
duro.::haha sexy time, borat reference
Taint Bout Dis Life::lol
why u keep banning bro::5m, hands down
duro.::5 mil brah, then you get 50 chicks
FlyKoke623::*500
Blue Light Troll::Well, gn heatians, Gaspo - please keep it our secret...
cbbaseball19::later
Taint Bout Dis Life::cya worst
miami360x::must be worst
duro.::later brah
yayarea100::would you rather go to jail for a month or be homeless for a month
cbbaseball19::jail.  three square meals a day and just keep to yourself.  Homeless you have nothing
oneandonlybabe::You don't know that. No way. Homelessness for a month ain't that bad. Prison means you have a record forever
cbbaseball19::It wont be dropped.  Like I said keep to yourself.
oneandonlybabe::what about dropping the soap in the shower. Homeless. Give me my freedom and backginity
duro.::will i get all big and diesel in jail?
yayarea100::well played
duro.::haha exactly^
Taint Bout Dis Life::you mean fortunately*
yayarea100::yes and unfortunately for your heinie your cellmate is bigger and diesel(er)
Taint Bout Dis Life::probably prison  i could workout in the yard and get some street cred
Taint Bout Dis Life::perfect
yayarea100::you went to jail for loitering
oneandonlybabe::homeless
Taint Bout Dis Life::attacked by a dog or sprayed by a skunk?
Aint Nobody Got Time For That::neither
cbbaseball19::Attacked by a dog.  Sorry to say but Ill beat the shi.t outta that dog
cbbaseball19::correct
yayarea100::lol you'll hit a b.itch but you wont hit a b.itch
oneandonlybabe::depending on the dog's breed. taco bell dog or doberman what are we talking about?
oneandonlybabe::Ok I think you can fight off that kind of dog the spray will come so unexpectedly you have no chance.
Taint Bout Dis Life::medium sized dog  like a lab
yayarea100::knowing how the premise works.. assume cujo
duro.::my husky will protect me
duro.::blizzard is is then
Taint Bout Dis Life::id go with storm.  he looks mean
duro.::i'm thinking either shadow or blizzard
duro.::well then my korean friends will "take care" of the dog
Taint Bout Dis Life::whats his name?
duro.::yes my imaginary husky
Taint Bout Dis Life::you mean the picture of a husky you took off the inter webs?
yayarea100::i....i dont know.. those both are terrible
brandonlee561heat22::spurs are just flat owning Inter right now
yayarea100::lyk dey pose ta
oneandonlybabe::shame on those hornets for letting the Lakers come back from such a big deficit and Utah losing too. Those jokers gonna get in the playoffs.
Blue Light Troll::Nah
oneandonlybabe::give me a guarantee man. they just have to go away... annoying! lol
cbbaseball19::This is awful.  You know how duro it is to go on "break" with a broken pinky?!
yayarea100:::(
brandonlee561heat22::Where you going?
Aint Nobody Got Time For That::hes talking about playing with his weiner
cbbaseball19::haha i hope that didnt go over your head
Blue Light Troll::You broke your finger?
cbbaseball19::yes
Aint Nobody Got Time For That::howd you brake it?
cbbaseball19::it does
Aint Nobody Got Time For That::that sucks
cbbaseball19::Playing basketball
FlyKoke623::Tootsies?
oneandonlybabe::LOL @ Sherman trashing Skip. And how ironic that the biggest trash talker on TV (Skip) complained about Sherman trash talking!
Blue Light Troll::GaspoNews &gt;&gt; ESPN
GaspoMinnyFan981::=)
Taint Bout Dis Life::meow!
yayarea100::most of us &gt;&gt; ESPN
why u keep banning bro::Who are the gatekeepers of media? Is there a way to circumvent the gatekeepers? Do you feel the gatekeeper is still or has been necessary in media?
Taint Bout Dis Life::da fuq is this?
Taint Bout Dis Life::it sounds like an essay topic for writing class
why u keep banning bro::No informational input on this?
yayarea100::i second this
Taint Bout Dis Life::kicked in the nuts by a NFL kicker or stabbed in the calf.
GaspoMinnyFan981::Stabbed
yayarea100::yes and they are quite delicious
Taint Bout Dis Life::do cats have calfs?
yayarea100::calf.. you can slice the calf off the leg if you want, but dont ruin the sausage and peppers
GaspoMinnyFan981::Knicks are officially listing Carmelo Anthony as a game time decision tonight against Oklahoma City.
Taint Bout Dis Life::gasponews live!
Dick. Inside My Mouth Is What I Need::bj armstrong &gt; chalmers jordan &gt; lebron pippen &gt; wade cartwright &gt; anthony grant &gt; bosh  FACT.. 93' bulls would destroy 13' heat
Dick. Inside My Mouth Is What I Need::thanks to whoever liked my comment
Dick. Inside My Mouth Is What I Need::no problem
Taint Bout Dis Life::well that settles that pressing argument
Dick. Inside My Mouth Is What I Need::thanks bro
Taint Bout Dis Life::would you rather bang a 'ten' or have a threesome with two '7s'?
cbbaseball19::Thats tough.  Im going with the two 7s!  Threesome is on the bucket list
yayarea100::threesome with 2 sevens = 42 one ten = ten  ill take the 3some
duro.::hmm i think a 10
Taint Bout Dis Life::as i expected
duro.::i still stand by my decision
Taint Bout Dis Life::but the ten is a guy, the 7s are girls.
Dick. Inside My Mouth Is What I Need::,
Lebron 4MVPs and 2 Finals MVP at age 28::NBA ALL TIME TEAM    PG-LEBRON  SG-MJ  SF-LEBRON  PF-LEBRON  C-KAREEM
yayarea100::Would you rather be jumped by 5 guys or beat up by a girl?
cbbaseball19::Be jumped by 5 guys.  I can defend myself for a little bit.  I would never hit a girl  Just the way i was raised
cbbaseball19::Just the way it is man
yayarea100::awwww
duro.::beat up by a girl, at least you could get a few cheap feels in
FlyKoke623::Rororor
Taint Bout Dis Life::why cant you just beat the girl off?
Taint Bout Dis Life::then jumped by 5 dudez
yayarea100::ur on a molly. sweatin and seein unicorns
takeiteasycuhh::GODDANG THIS BOARD RULEZ HIYAAA HEATZ NATION HIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIYAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!
yayarea100::what it do!
takeiteasycuhh::haaaarddd
Taint Bout Dis Life::you flexin doh
takeiteasycuhh::YOU KNOW CHOPPIN IT UP hollerin at the ladeez on instagram cuhh
Taint Bout Dis Life::hi, ya
Taint Bout Dis Life::how come the lakers @ magic game isnt nationally televised like lebrons return to cleveland was?  could it be that dwight howard is overrated garbage like the rest of the lakers?
yayarea100::i think the NBA underestimated how hated Dwight would become.
brandonlee561heat22::Very true
dsync::30 (ORL) vs 17 (MIA) Lebron plays 38 minutes commits...0 fouls Battier sliding underneath Harris clearly after the ball had been released grabbing the game winning charge  "No ski Mask...No Gun"
Blue Light Troll::can't argue with facts!
Blue Light Troll::So what's wrong with the canes, Lobos have passed them up!
yayarea100::kid ink or kid cudi?
duro.::pursuit of happiness
Harlem Shake::day and night
yayarea100::indicud..new cudi album drops next month
