170Caleb::People are right about James Harden deserving to be a starter, but his role with this team is scoring and play making off the bench which is what we need because when we tried starting him when Thabo got hurt it didn't work out. He's embraced his role greatly and I respect that!
Los suns::Gortat getting punked as usual
Shadow_Boxer_WVU::thanks for fuc king me on the over...Look at the game log when in a NBA game no one can score 5 points in the last two minutes..
Dented_rim::No way was there 14,000 fans in that arena last night - the NBA will be looking for more bail-out money soon - this league is in trouble. Phoenix is in the top 5 population wise and when you factor in all the big cites around Phoenix (Mesa is in the top 25 population wise), there is easily 8 million in the valley - if you can't fill an arena with that many people in your population... well, you figure it out.
Rdiu::James Harden don't deserve to win the 6th man of the year, he should be a starter
Rickster7218::Where is Hak?  The Suns are losing and the coach can't give minutes to  Hakim Warrick, who clearly was one of their best players earlier in the year when playing...I could see it if they were winning but come on.........
leehwgoC::This is what Harden does when he gets starter-minutes, and this is why the Thunder will be hard-pressed to keep him on the team in 2013 (when he turns free-agent) as a 6th man.
texrcana24::James Harden DOES get starter minutes he just doesn't start the game.  He averages the third highest minutes on the team.  They bring him off the bench for good reason, without him out there with the 2nd team late in the first and early in the second quarters, the scoring goes down significantly.  Scott Brooks tried starting him at the beginning of the season when Sefalosha went out and it didn't go well at all.  He's where he needs to be right now.
Nowitzki06::He should be starting PG. That would give the Thunder a bigger chance to win the championship. Harden is one of my favorite players. He is a smart player with jump shooting abilities like JET
Average ESPN post::too bad he deserves a $60 million contract, and the Thunder probably wont be able to sign him for that much.
Nowitzki06::I can seem Harden being a champ without Thunder. They are not using him the right way in OKC. Its good to have a sixth man like him but hes better as starting PG than Russel Westbrook
shedy-mac::James Harden- Samson he gets his power from his beard.
jkuser100::damn!! James Harden went off!!!
OFrog::I'll say it for the zillionth time. This Thunder squad is not built to go deep in the post season. Unbalanced scoring and worse almost nonexistent frontline scoring just won't make it. The Durant, Westbrook and Harden show can only take you so far.
texrcana24::OFrog is just trying to get a rise out of people, don't allow his nonsense to get to you.
OUmicabar::Since thunder made it to the WCF last year and everyone has gotten better. Your comments make no sense.
xottoman44x::seems like if you've said something a zillion times you should be using words other than 'maybe' and 'might'
xottoman44x::WCF?
OFrog::Maybe not this season. They have not looked all that sharp lately. And might get bad match up round two.
Pinkycuh::40, 7, 3, and 4.
333Kenneth333::Sixth Man of The Year.
nike1889::James Harden is an absolute stud... A new version of Manu
nike1889::James Harden is an absolute stud... A new version of Manu
Thunder90210::James Harden didn't score 40, his beard did.
ZRated77::Ended up missing the game completely tonight for a work emergency out of town.... Just saw Harden's numbers... WOW... I wished I could have seen it.. (time to get some beer and go bribe the neighbor for his DVR)
thenbatmm::is this cute? please support my brother for PROM contest! how was YOUR PROM??  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jW2rmEX5nLM
longhornsin2012::I've been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching  the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for anyone out there that is looking for a system that actually works because this system has really helped me to start winning finally
T8ke_A_Picture::Funny the Thunder get less comments when they win. Guess the trolls are disappointed.
OFrog::Hey Tool Time, how would you even know? You make a quick exit back to under your rock when the Blunder lose.
D-Nice891::Westbrook and Harden&gt; Wade and Bosh this regular season.  LeBron is your MVP.
Pinkycuh::Someone said at the top of this board "welcome home James harden", welcome home allright, dude lit phoenix up!!!!! 40 points, dizamn. Good thing he really from LA.
longhornsin2012::Harden schooled it tonight
no defense for durant::And people still want to say Wade and Bosh are a bigger help to LeBron than Westbrook and Harden are to Durant?  What a joke!    LeBron, Wade, and Bosh PER is lower than Durant, Westbrook, and Harden PER!
freaky69az::Man, the Suns have had some short playoff runs, but this is RIDICULOUS!!  What was it, 2 DAYS??
THE TEEGEMAN::Well, I guess Harden just made all you doubters feel stupid.  THAT MAN CAN PLAY SOME BALL!!  40pts, what a beast!
Anti-Stratfordian::Neither Wade nor Bosh has scored 40 this year.  Westbrook has twice and Harden obviously today...  so KD is getting a ton of help.
okc still owns::Did you get the ban hammer spurs fan?
SoonerB314::fear the beard
adamrawr18241::poor suns. check that schedule compared to utahs.
Eric62748::Honestly...the suns don't have a shot at making the playoffs with that schedule. It was a valiant effort though. Steve Nash deserves more than those scrubs
yo that wiener is dope::i feel like the beard coulda scored much more if it wanted too
okc still owns::Definately.
okc still owns::SO based on the spurs logic.....you're better without Ginobli?
okc still owns::"Oh look the thunder played tonight, lets go talk about how we arent old on their board!"
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::Come on Suns,we need a win over the Clippers tomorrow night.  Before I leave the board.I have few last things to say. 1. GO SUNS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 2. Spurs fans suck. 3  The Spurs WILL lose 4-0 in the first round. 4. True NBA fans respect Kobe,LeBron,and Westbrook. 5. Sports junkies rule and news hounds suck.
TechnicalFoul2::you want respect but dont give it......
okc still owns::ILL BE GOING FOR THE SUNS
Dynasty_Broncos::Way to go my fellow Suns fans. Rooting for the wrong team last weekend... WE SHOULD HAVE BEEN ROOTING FOR HOUSTON TO BEAT DENVER TWICE YOU MORONS. We would still be tied with Denver in the W/L column if they had lost both to Houston like I wanted. Then they're about to go 1-3 over their next 4 games while the Suns go 2-2 or better. Guess what? We would have locked up the 8th seed. But 100% of Suns fans I talked to told me how I had it wrong, I should go for the Rockets etc. etc. You guys are a bunch of embarrassing scrubs when we go to represent against other fanbases.
freaky69az::1. Might want to clarify in your handle that it's Boise St, because most people are going to think you're clueless for thinking the Denver Broncos were EVER a dynasty 2. You're STILL wrong - Houston winning helped the Suns, if only until their own play dropped them back out of the top 8 in WC 3. You live in Boise - WHY are you a Suns fan in the first place? 4. Since when do fans rooting for an outcome actually AFFECT that outcome?  Talk about delusional 5. Don't presume to tell other fans what to think
okc still owns::so....WHO WILL THE CARDS BE TAKING?
ChilamBilam12::James Harden for 6th man of the year.. his beard for 7th
ChilamBilam12::pretty sick numbers.. now if we can just tie it all together for the playoffs this team will roll over the competition, Spurs have no shot
okc still owns::theyre to old as shown last year.
okc still owns::He also had 4 steals an 7 rebounds, pretty good numbers
okc still owns::He had 20, his beard had 20. They combined for 40
Bynum Leads The League In 3 pt attempts::Durant has no help, eh?
manbearpirg::Come on, Kevin. We're all routing for you to take the Scoring Title.   Coward Kobe keeping his average up by sitting out.
okc still owns::He wont get it, needed at least 30 tonight
okc still owns::The guy who looks like Gortat on the NBA espn countdown even said the spurs are fake. The sports nation poll voted that the spurs are fake too.
Hollerationatory::That's what I thought. I'm out. Deuces.
okc still owns::Nice try
Hollerationatory::Need me to post the above again, so your failure becomes more evident? I have things to do before bed. Here goes:   You've said the Spurs were old, they when I corrected you that they were of average age you agreed.     You've said the past doesn't matter, but constantly bring up last year's playoffs.     You said "go win a series" when the Spurs are the most successful playoff franchise over the last 15 years or so.     Your only defense against the Thunder losing in 2010 in the first round is that "they we're supposed to lose"...like it matters.    YOU.LOSE.
okc still owns::I never agreed? I said your starting line up hasnt changed and if you werent old you wouldnt need rest, Durant doesnt.   I bring up last years playoff because its identical to this year.  Again the past doesnt matter
okc still owns::How about, if the spurs lose in the first round you come to the thunder's still active board and quote yourself.
okc still owns::I think youre high...
Hollerationatory::That's generally what a loser would say.   "hey you were right on every point but you're going to lose!"  nice.
okc still owns::Quote yourself  , thats all I'm saying....I will literally make files in my computer quoting you HAHAHAH its going to be funny.  Lecopy paste! We'll all laugh about it when you lose, but hey youll have INJURIES!!
Hollerationatory::Ya the difference is that the Spurs had a better regular season and a higher seed. Congrats on a less successful season.
okc still owns::The #8 seed Thunder to the NBA champions Lakers ROFL thats a big difference
Hollerationatory::Again, you lose...I win.  You've said the Spurs were old, they when I corrected you that they were of average age you agreed.   You've said the past doesn't matter, but constantly bring up last year's playoffs.   You said "go win a series" when the Spurs are the most successful playoff franchise over the last 15 years or so.   Your only defense against the Thunder losing in 2010 in the first round is that "they we're supposed to lose"...like it matters.  YOU.LOSE.
Hollerationatory::And guess who lost in the 2010 playoffs in the first round? Seriously, debating you is like taking candy from a baby.
okc still owns::The subject is how the spurs lost to the #8 seed grizzlies last year, why wouln't you want me to change the subject
Hollerationatory::Don't change the subject. Everything you've said has been either factually inaccurate or outrageously biased and ignorant. The Spurs WILL kick $@% in the playoffs but even if they didn't, it wouldn't change what just happened. Go ahead, admit your defeat.
okc still owns::What tells you they won't be injured again?
Hollerationatory::Valid points are contradictory? Weird.
okc still owns::That had nothing to do with basketball. The spurs were #1 last year and lost to the Grizzlies, yet you blame Injuries like a baby even though Ginobli still played and was good. I'm pointing out valid points and youre in denial.  What dont you understand?
Hollerationatory::No, you've actively contradicted yourself several times. Nothing valid about it. Go on, dance some more for me monkey boy.
okc still owns::I have a valid point though.It's exactly the same but youll be losing to the suns instead of the grizzlies.
Hollerationatory::ROFL. According to YOU the past matters or you wouldn't be bringing up last year in the playoffs. Self-ownage, anyone?
okc still owns::and the past matters? hell the thunder went to it last year, thats more recent.
Hollerationatory::It also explains how you're ignorant how the Spurs have been the most consistent playoff team since something like 96 and went to the WCF in 2008.   But you choose to attack their playoff record. Again, mark of a genius.
okc still owns::No, I've been a thunder fan for 3 years. I obviously didnt start this year, if I did I wouldnt be aware of how you got beat by the 8th seed grizzlies
Hollerationatory::ROFL. You are so clueless about basketball that it's comical to me. Let me guess: you just started watching basketball in 2011.
okc still owns::And theres also no gurantee he will be injured! all in all youre too old, win a playoff series and come back and talk mkay.
Hollerationatory::What tells you it matters as much? This year's spurs had no ginobili for most of the season and sparingly played Duncan and STILL we're top 2 in the west....That's your angle? that's your argument? LMAO
Hollerationatory::Spurs are 4-0 against the Grizzlies this year, btw.
TechnicalFoul2::http://hoopism.com/?p=2611
okc still owns::No, I'd love if we beat the eventual NBA champions, did I expect it? hell no. But thats how things are supposed to work.
Hollerationatory::Ah, so the Thunder were SUPPOSED to lose and they did. WOW! What a fan you are.
okc still owns::Lol, you mean the #8 seed to a #1 seed like it's supposed to happen? Oh yeah my young Thunder.Guess who DIDNT get kicked out in the round last year? The thunder.
Hollerationatory::And guess who lost in the first round in 2010 genius? Go ahead, look it up.
okc still owns::I KNOW THAT YOU LOST LAST ROUND with the #1 seed, not getting injured is part of being a good player so stop making excuses. thats all I need to know a$$ clown ;)
Hollerationatory::No, it's what smart coaches do for their best players to preserve them for the playoffs. Duncan and Bonnar are really the only "old" players on the team. That's why Pop is a highly decorated coach with 4 rings and you're a keyboard warrior with no f.ucking clue what you're babbling about.
okc still owns::I bet youre really feeling yourself man. Youre starting lineup hasnt changed much. If you werent old, you wouldnt have to rest your players.
Hollerationatory::Wrong. Average age is down from last year. Are you enjoying getting owned on every point?
okc still owns::Yes youre so different. #1 seed and EVEN OLDER
Hollerationatory::With a different team, more injuries, and WAAAY less rest. I feel like I'm repeating myself. Would you like to write some of this down so I don't have to? Seriously, check the roster - Neal, Leonard, etc. are all new pickups and they've had a big impact.
okc still owns::Yeah you owned them last year in the regular season too.
Hollerationatory::Not really. That happened LAST year against a very different, very injured Spurs team. I guess by that logic OKC gets taken in the second round. Wow, you really got me. Nice going.
okc still owns::He played last year dude, he was fine, I watched him hit clutch shots against your squeaker OT win to make it 3-3
Hollerationatory::Right, right. Cause an injury right before the playoffs is the same as an injury several months prior that's had time to heal. Am I arguing with a child?
okc still owns::Because he was hurt? lol thats not an excuse he'll be "injured" this year too than because hes been injured all season
Hollerationatory::Did I say out? Ginobili was having one of the best years of his career and got injured right before the season ended and played hurt. Man, you really know your stuff.
okc still owns::Who was out? it wasnt Ginobli...
Hollerationatory::That's because they're scared, spiteful little children that are incapable of making a legitimate argument. Much like you.  Keep it coming, though. I find it funny to watch you express your inferiority with cheap insults like "fake". Fake why? Fake how? It doesn't even make sense.
okc still owns::Thats a legitament argument^
okc still owns::4-3 Grizzlies ;)
okc still owns::"but UHm, uh...WE GOTZ YOU 2-1!" you held the regular season series last year too. Nice.
cardsfan012::as long as thunder have westbrook as PG, they are not going anywhere. During crunch time, he will hog shots and will choke..
okc still owns::He did one game last year, against the nuggets giving them their only win in the 4-1 shut down
Jubin3567::Harden makes Westbrook look terrible
okc still owns::Oh well (dis a heat fan guys^)
cardsfan012::cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils. And I'm not bragging about the Suns or talking trash about the Thunder. I respect the Thunder. Just giving the realites that Spurs fans suck and that the Spurs will lose 4-0 in the first round.  Not even a prediction, reality, he says, that the spurs will lose 4-0 in first round. SMH I still wanna punch your face
highofflehigh::highofflehighi just want the darn playoffs to start thats when fans should really be talking trash i don't wanna see anymore cat pictures when that time comes.
highofflehigh::i just want the darn playoffs to start thats when fans should really be talking trash i don't wanna see anymore cat profiles when that time comes.
okc still owns::Most are Minnesota fans. Not even kidding.
cardsfan012::suns fans still talking trash smfh.....  this team has no future after nash retires....  and it still sucks.. just got r.aped by thunder at home
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::And I'm not bragging about the Suns or talking trash about the Thunder. I respect the Thunder.  Just giving the realites that Spurs fans suck and that the Spurs will lose 4-0 in the first round.
okc still owns::You over use your regular season power and troll teams, just before collapsing in the playoffs
Hollerationatory::You lack the objectivity to give a much better team like the Spurs their proper respect as contenders. Who are you to talk about "bad fans"?
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::That would be great.
okc still owns::To the suns.
cardsfan012::i wanna punch your face
okc still owns::Not raped. It was close until the 4th
Shawn1807::This is why you must respect the Spurs. Tim finding the magic one last time. check out the video.................    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pYeRtPYvZ2M
okc still owns::A better good bye would be when he gets swept in the first round again by the suns.
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::It's going to be a happy,happy day when the Spurs lose their 4th straight game in game 4 of the Western Confrence Quarterfinals.
Shawn1807::This is why you must respect the Spurs. Tim finding the magic one last time. check out the video.................    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pYeRtPYvZ2M
cardsfan012::i wanna punch your face
movieboyzz::THX OKC. Signed Jazz fans.
movieboyzz::Unbelievable ..all 4 games that we needed tonight went our way. Jazz win, Dallas win, LAC win, OKC win.
Eric62748::Except a Golden State Win! haha
okc still owns::If youre a dick sucking spurs fan, let me know by leaving a reply down there V
RED_GOLD_MANNING::ur either under the age of 15, or your IQ is under 15.  I can't fuggin decide, throw me a bone here
