Minnysota Vikings::<b> <i> Wolves</i></b>
Emoney321.000::Go NETS! I know nobody is on this board anymore so i can say whatever the hell i want. YEAH!!!
Seskatchewan::Nets suck
Job21223::The Nets just remembered...they're still the NJ NETS...nobody in NYC cares about them.  Just bandwagon people that liked the novelty.
TheAvenger007::Lmao @ Charles Barkley saying Nets are better than Knicks.
milwaukeemonster2::how my bucks did not win by 40 is a mystery...
ynot1825::you lost to the Bucks...the Bucks people. The bucks...
WoolyWoolwine83::You lost to the Bucks TWICE. Including getting stomped at your place in your 2nd game of the season, plus Larry Sanders making you his $@%!$ in our 3rd meeting. Don't think you have the right to talk lol.  And we're not terrible. But the problem is we've been exceedingly average since 2001, when Ray Allen formed a Big 3 before he made it cool in Boston
Rook_217::U do know that "jv" team beat that "varsity" team in their own gym don't u??? Get learned patnah! ...and u "liked" ur own comment, didn't u?!?!?
Mr. Bradford::Do you follow the NBA? The Bucks are alright. Inconsistent as a mother effer, but alright.
ynot1825::the bucks people....the nets got beat by the bucks..the bucks..bucks jv to celtics varsity...the bucks...
SjGMEN77::If the Knicks can be really good without 2 of their players, why can't the Nets be good without their star center?  Then I realize it's the Nets.
ssj2gokuvsgallade::Wow, I thought Milwaukee was bad. Well, I guess I shouldn't talk. I'm a Magic fan. :P
milwaukeemonster2::yeah ya team is 8-12...
IAMLEGEND_101::LARRY SANDERS REMINDS ME OF IBAKA. HE NEEDS TO WORK ON HIS JUMP SHOT THOUGH
feildmann7890::It sucks that we are now 8th but its better than last year. That was a great game loved watching it. i feel like we need to push forward in rebounds we have the tall men get down low get them rebounds. Go Bucks!!!!
HEIGHTZ175::Funny joe johnson plays like garbage and no backpage critic over this overpaid bum. Dude gets paid more than james. Thats when u know bk is still a jersey story. Cause if they really a new york team this joe dude would b buried by the media. If it was melo or amare they'll have a 4 page spread each on their performance. Trashing them
nefrankl::Who is this Larry Sanders guy, he looks crazy!
altsjj123::The Bucks might get in the playoffs as an 8th seed - and I hope they do because they are fun to watch.  They might put a scare into a top seed because when they're hot, they can win.  On the opposite end, they have nights when they would lose to Kennesaw St but it would still be fun to watch.    By the way, the Knicks/Nets comparisons are getting tiring.  So are the Lakers/Clippers.  The NBA is wacky - let's play it out and if they meet in the playoffs, then let the NY media market go nuts.
jess1968inAZ::Started using a bet system called Sportsbettingstar. Im making around 2-3K a month using this systems picks. If you search google for sports betting systems you can learn more about these systems. If you bet on sports this is an absolute must see.
ronald1977::Joe Johnson still robbing the league. Lol go hawks.
Dino__Spumoni::Nets have dropped 4 games in Brooklyn already  while the Knicks are yet to lose at the Garden....   Who owns NY???
altsjj123::The Jets...
snguyen1965::Ive been using this betting system called Sportsbettingstar the past few months now. Im making around 2-3k a month profit using this systems picks. If you google sports betting systems you can learn more about these systems. If you bet at all on sports you gotta check this out.
O Zone Pro.::Lopez is so fragile. One little injury becomes a big one.
djny2k12::To all the haters out there....Nets losing streak is without their leading scorer who is turning out to be the MVP of this team. It's a long season....each team will have it's up and downs. Good thing is they are not on a 4 game losing streak with Lopez playing. Us true Net fans have seen worse. This team is still trying to find it's identity and for a short period of time with Lopez in the lineup...they were playing excellent ball.  Also, it'll take time to gel and build chemistry. Doesn't happen overnight. You just can't throw a bunch of new players on a roster and expect to mesh right away....just look at the Lakers.  Right now it looks like their confidence is just shot....it'll come around. Nets have a talented squad compared to the past several years. They have a team which consists of 4 players that can average 20 ppg (Brook Lopez, Joe Johnson, Deron Williams and Andray Blatche). I didn't even mention Marshon Brooks who is a pure scorer but is still learning on defense.  It's a long season....it's still early. GO NETS!
Pete Carrolls Victory Dance::I'm a biased celts fan... but you can just tell brooklyn's not for real, whereas the knicks, heat, celts are...   there's no leader on the Nets (just a bunch of great scorers) and nobody on that team respects the coach..
HEIGHTZ175::Buddy nets wont last. Williams wont make it to the end nor lopez. Avery got there best one on one player in the bench. "brooks" and joe is the biggest overpaid max bum i seen in the last 20 years. Or probably in history of the game.
wonderboy112::LMAOO pllz educate us knicks fans about injuries... lmaooo 40 percent of our starting lineup is out ... 5 of our players are out and u are here complaining about brrook lopez
BigLu121::*Without their best players
BigLu121::Listen Brook Lopez is a good player but stop making it seem like hes top 20 in the league. This year alone the bulls mavs and even the knicks found ways to win and to stay competitive with their best players.  Which happen to be wayyyyyyyyyy better than Lopez.  Stop making excuses for ur team. See it for what it is. A playoff team in a weak conference. Thats will make it to the 2nd round
BigLu121::*with their best players out
djny2k12::He's MVP of the Nets. With him in the lineup Nets opponents were averaging 91 ppg....2nd best in the NBA. Without him in the lineup, it's almost over 108 ppg.  Those are facts...not your opinion or mine.  Btw, your statement regarding Lopez never playing a full season showed me just how little you know about him.
O Zone Pro.::He's still no MVP caliber, not even debatable.
djny2k12::Please do your research before posting false information.  He played all 82 games for 3 consecutive years (2008 - 2011).   Look it up yourself.
O Zone Pro.::He's never played a whole season and is not going to this season. So the MVP talk for Lopez is out.
airic.ad::It's too early to say the Nets are a mediocre team when they've been playing this latest stretch without their leading scorer.
mjf131::Hard to believe that the Bucks have owned the Nets lately by winning the last 12 meetings. The Bucks aren't exactly the Heat or Lakers but I will take it.
81WASIV::the Nets are a perfect example of how NOT to build a team. overpay, overpay, overpay. they are locked into awful contracts
Mr. Bradford::Reminds me of this one professional baseball team in New York that have orange and blue as their colors...   At least they're showing some effort in wanting to win and not just chillaxing on the side lines. Just gotta get the players moving together again in unison and the wins will come.
supe540::Good news:  Nets only owe Joe Johnson 90 million more.
jeff050578::The Nets are starting to come back to reality. They are clearly not a top 4 team in the east and I am not even sure they are a playoff team.
Mr. Bradford::They're an above average team and nothing more. Nothing about them stands out.   19th in scoring, 18th in field goal percentage, 23rd in three point percentage, 26th in free throw percentage, 15th in assists, 15th in rebounds, 17th in blocks, 25th in steals, 27th in turnovers...
Mr. Bradford::Heck yea, BUCKS!!
rebel of the under ground::D-Will is shooting 39%... this guy is overrated as fu.ck
wonderboy112::can nets fans shut up about injuries plz...
russianshoulders::oh alright... just ignore all the injuries that he's been dealing with for the past few year!
Dino__Spumoni::Knicks remain undefeated at MSG
sources says::Marshon Brooks &gt; Joe Johnson.
Cool Sun 13::Jazz are a much better team with Deron gone.  Hawks are a 100x better with Joe Johnson gone.  Nets have a roster full of overpaid ballhogs!
ynot1825::the bucks nets the bucks....
Brewcrewtilldeath20::Marquis Daniels!!
Cool Sun 13::Haha Nets suck. Enjoy your 1st round playoff exit this year.
Miller Park After Dark::PROST!
Meehanski::i'm a nets fan, but over time i've learned an important lesson...here's a tip for nba bettors: bet good teams over bad teams and take your chances with the spread.  tonight is a perfect example of a team that is "supposed" to be a quality team showing themselves to be what they really are; a 2nd level team that you can't count on to take care of business on their home court.
Jthizz69::wittle Brandon Jennings puttin in Work on big 'ol D-Will
PeterPPK::Not gonna lie, as a Bucks fan, I didn't really expect them to play this good
kyler55ek::so any news about whether jennings will leave in free agency or not?
dawnsoto25@yahoo.com::He's from Compton
mjf131::He's from NYC I believe.
kyler55ek::im actually hoping he goes to the mavs. him and oj, and dirk would be awesome.
Jthizz69::the Lakers will go 100000 mill over the salary cap to sign him. Jennings would do it cuz he's from LA if I'm not mistaken
GeorgeTownDC29::Bucks are entertaining to watch with Ellis and Jennings running their back court. Hope to see them in the play-offs
darthkKnicks::Is Charles Barkley going to say that the New Jersey Nets,oops Brooklyn Nets are the best team in New York?
RNYC::Bk fans joe Johnson sucks. And when u start booing him he'll play worse. He's mentally weak. 85mm for a third option. Billy king is truly an interesting GM.
RNYC::Erratic ball club this brooklyn nets
rma5690::KK&gt;JJ
thekinghenrik30::nets.....lol
shawnt92::15-5 what??1!?
dash2k4::This recent losing streak suddenly drops Brooklyn out of any serious convo as best team in NY.
zdunn1785::Thank you Brooklyn for taking joe Johnson off atlanta hawks hands, because lord knows we don't need him.
The_JTrain::and the best comment of the night goes to this man by a long shot
MG122::nets need Lopez back badly also would be nice if Joe Johnson could start being more consistent
RNYC::JJ flat out sucks
dash2k4::Johnson has always been an overpaid streak shooter. I don't understand how he made Team USA's roster.
Xx JayHawksFTW xX::Fear the DEER
WIstormchaser2119::The road to 73-9 continues
