yorklinks3::dwight is only staying with the magic cuz otis smith said if he didn't opt in they'd trade him to the lakers... lakers could of had cp3 and dwight... imagine that... wuda been better than the heats 3 http://bustasports.com/?p=1137
RicoSuave925::Western Conference vs Eastern Conference   477 win 438 losses = .521 vs 435 win 474 losses= .478     If Durant , Kobe or Parker were in the East they would have MVP in the bag...     Western Conference&gt;Eastern Conference     Spread the word....
southridge305::LEBRON PUTS UP BIG NUMBERS AGAINST ANYTEAM.. HE BLAST SPURS, LAKERS, AND THUNDER ALL THIS YEAR WITH GREAT NUMBERS AND ALL WERE WINS... LEBRON CAN GET WHAT HE GETS IN THE WEST, EAST, NORTH OR SOUTH... NEITHER PLAYER U NAMED IS ON LEBRON LEVEL WHEN IT COMES TO BEING A DEFENSE STOPPER. IT REALLY DOESNT MATTER, BECAUSE REALLY FROM 1 TO 8... MY 1TO 8 SPURS VS BULLS... BULLS WIN HEAT VS THUNDER... HEAT WIN.. 2 BEST TEAMS FROM EACH CONFRENCE LAKERS VS PACERS... LAKERS WIN BOSTON VS CLIPPERS... BOSTON WINS MEMPHIS VS HAWKS... MEMPHIS WINS DALLAS VS MAGIC... MAGIC WIN WITH A HEALTHY HOWARD SUNS VS  KNICKS.... KNICKS WIN HOUSTON VS SIXERS.... SIXERS WIN  SOME OF THOSE SERIES CAN GO EITHER WAY, BUT I STILL SAY EAST WIN MORE SERIES THAN WEST
kozanski2000::Kobe rests. Rose rests. Garnett rests. Pierce rests. Lebron plays.
TheSportsBlogetteBlog::http://sportsblogette.blogspot.com/2012/04/today-in-sports-april-17.html  Check out the facts!!
EpicPicks::This thread is dead.
Dribbird::Larry Bird would to this to Lebron:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHg5SJYRHA0
stone419::wow, i didnt know larry had such a beautiful singing voice
stone419::yea, but lebron can dance
Dribbird::Told you he was talented.
Dribbird::I saw a lot of Heat fans saying LeBron was the Greatest SF of all time last night. So just for the record:    BIRD &gt; LEBRON
Prentice3706::Lebron would $@%!$@ kill bird... lmao! yall funny as $@%!.... lol
southridge305::EVEN BIRD SAID LEBRON IS BETTER THAN HIM.. IF ALL LEBRON NEED TO DO IS GET A RING TO BE BETTER THAN BIRD THAN ITS A WRAP, BUT REALLY HE IS BETTER REGARDLESS, BUT YES WAIT TO HIS CAREER IS OVER
menganito19::by next year lebron will pass bird on points
stone419::bird is not uncatchable, 3 championships is still possible. wouldnt be shocked if he wins the next 3 in a row
menganito19::he still has time
lovesports3409::So.....how about championships?
lovesports3409::I know it's a different generation but at least do some research before you speak. Larry Bird was the business!
stone419::i know, and bird may end up being better when its all said and done. i just want to let lebron finish his career before we rank him anywhere
Maestro6694::I don't even think Bird would agree with that statement
Dribbird::After last night, I had too.   But I do respect LeBron.
stone419::then you probably shouldn't have brought it up
Dribbird::LeBrons got a lot of work to do before you can talk about him and Bird in the same sentence.
Maestro6694::I have much respect for both players; and definately not hating on Bird. But just don't think he was "as good" as Lebron is today.
Maestro6694::What would you expect Magic to say; seeing as how Bird is his friend; and formal rival  And if you want to bring other superstars' opinions into the mix then remember what Pippen said about Lebron....something to the affect of putting him in the same class as "you know who"...
01Bulls4life::Larry Bird = Shooter, Passer, Driver, Fighter!!!!!!!!!
Dribbird::Only a better Pure Shooter?   Fail.
stone419::bird was also an amazing passer
Dribbird::Watch what Magic says.  It's all that needs to be said:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ULvo7__wwBU
Maestro6694::Yep, and I'll agree he was a better "pure shooter" than Lebron. That's about it.
Dribbird::I don't think you have watched Larry Bird.
stone419::we'll have to wait until his career is over
EpicPicks::LeBron needs 6 rings in the next seven years to challenge M.J.  Ironically, that's just what M.J. did.  Who knows for sure, if he and Wade figure out how to beast out together every night, it could happen.
stone419::the finals arent the only games that count. you have to play great in the playoffs to get there, and for the most part he has
Dribbird::Not when it's counted.  He still has time.  But we will have to wait and see.
stone419::it has translated into plenty of wins
Dribbird::Lebron's great, I only hate on Lebron cause it's fun.  But LeBron has the most individual talent today.  We have to see if he can ever translate that into wins.
stone419::playing for the celtics is a little different than playing for the cavs. lets just wait before we rush to judgment
Dribbird::9th year no rings.   I'll give LeBron credit as having the best individual skill set of any player in the NBA today.  But Larry Bird was better.
Maestro6694::The biggest difference between Lebron and Kobe, is that Lebron DOES NOT have to score in order to dominate a game. He can be just as effective facilitating as a point Forward, or shutting down the other team's best player.
Flannery42::thats an argument completely made up by ESPN. Throughout his career he continuously has made plays in the 4th quarter. Cleveland his last three years was the most efficient team in the 4th quarter as well as lebron averaged the most +/- and Points per 4th quarter, yet apparently he cant play. Obviously he came up short in the finals. but dont take that away from the first 3 playoff series last year when he single handily took the heat to the finals. Nobody remembers DWADE having his worst post-season of his career up until the finals.
lovesports3409::It does mean something when players are clutch. He's not able to do that right now.
Flannery42::the kobe being clutch in big moments is just stupid. When you look at playoff highlights in all of the lakers playoff runs who hits the shots?? Derek Fisher, Robbert Horry, Rick Fox... ect. Kobe shoots more game winning shots than any other player in the nba, in the regular season. Just as meaningless as any game winner LeBron attempts. not to mention LeBron Shoots a better % than Kobe.
EpicPicks::I agree that the bark is much worse than the bite statistically speaking with Bryant.   One thing though, when you remove the Layups and Dunks from the FG% Kobe is statistically just as efficient a scorer as LeBron, shooting 46% for 15 points to LeBrons 12 pts on 48% shooting.  Looking at FG% in general is not a fair comparison. It's like saying D12 is lights out because of his FG%, but we know that D12 is a borderline liability on offense some nights.  Not saying Kobe is better at this stage in his career, just saying that 53% is a little misleading.
lovesports3409::Or deferring to other players.
Maestro6694::Like last year in the ECF against Chicago? or in '07 closing out the Pistons to make it to the finals  with a starting line up of Daniel Gibson, Anderson Varrejao, and several other 2nd tier scrubs.   I'm not saying that Lebron has been clutch 100% of the time. But at least acknowledge the fact that he has been clutch in the past....
lovesports3409::Well, then he needs to prove it in the BIG moments.
Maestro6694::And a lot of times he does...
lovesports3409::He should handle the moment. A lot of times he doesn't.
Maestro6694::Ok, so he should be a ball-hog like Kobe...
lovesports3409::I don't see Kobe deferring. It can be done.
menganito19::when you have the whole team playing defence on you you have to deferred to other players
stone419::most would call it passing the ball
cod4hooper::Alright, the wife is coming out of surgery soon so I guess I'll get off here. Thunder up!!!!!!!!!!!!!
01Bulls4life::I don't care to much for Lebron, I don't really like him, but you have to give the guy credit he has a high level of talent.  People need to understand it's a team effort.  Yes, it's nice to have a Supertar on a team, but you also need that other unit to support your star.  If the Heat loses it's not all Lebron's Fault it's the whole Team.  If the Bulls lose it's not Rose's fault it's the whole team.   As a Bulls fan i don't want the Lebron to get a ring, but at the same time I cannot deny his talent and what he can do.
EpicPicks::I agree in principle, but there is a certain type of 'Witness' who feels that LeBron is never at fault ANY of the time, and that he performs in the greatest of fashion all the time. They will cling to this belief even at the expense of Dwayne Wade.  Lebron is not perfect, nor has he as of yet, ascended to the throne of GOAT.  Give it more time.
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::Lebron is a lot more talented and can do more then Kobe ever could but I want Kobe taking that last shot and I want Kobe on the line with no time left to win the game. now tell me who the better player is. and be honest with yourself.  it's not all about talent and stats.
Flannery42::I would rather have the player who allows my team to be up 15 with 2 minutes left rather than shooting game winners, and LeBron gives you that chance.
menganito19::kobe is a ball hog, he is a great scorer but never passes the ball
cod4hooper::At the end of the game overall, I want LeBron. But yeah I guess if it came down to free throws I'd probably take Kobe...
stone419::dont sell kobe short, he was unbelievably athletic and talented when he came into the league
stone419::its true, you cant teach size. kobe is a very good passer though, when he wants to be
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::I'm just saying as far as passing and rebounding Lebron can just do more.  Kobe was a freak though
stone419::and if it comes down to a final shot, i want melo taking it personally
BeastAwesome15::Lebron has clutch, the media likes brainwashing us to think he doesn't..
cod4hooper::It's not even the media anymore. It's the people that are afraid to admit he's better than someone else. The funniest ones are the Rose fans that talk crap about LeBron lol
BeastAwesome15::Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush why people even try this argument is amazing. how dumb can you be --- How dumb are you? Rings are something great to have, but they don't decide whether you're a winner or a loser.  Lebron played on 7 terrible Cleveland teams, and 2 great heat teams. One of them made it to the finals where Lebron did a great job but choked in the 4th quarter, it happens to athlete's all the time, happens when you start thinking to much..  No one remembers the Clutch D Lebron had played in the ECF last years, does anyone?
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::a terrible team does not have the best record in the league with the MVP and coach of the year and make it to the finals. and yes that was excellent D by Lebron but it was more team D not just team Lebron
Maestro6694::Actually he did.
EpicPicks::@Brew-Crew  Agreed.  Therein is the difference... This year Chicago has improved and does not have to rely on Rose to be effective...
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::Lebron did a good job but they doubled Rose and trapped him. Wade cheated off Bogans  a lot to help out. it's not like Lebron just shut him down all by himself
BeastAwesome15::The 2007 East may of been the worst Conference in NBA history, I'm not surprised they had the best record in the league.   and Lebron covering D Rose?
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::If Lebron can't do crap in the 4th quarter of the finals then all his stats will not help him. Lebron is a great player but he is not a champion. Kobe is both.  no Fisher is no Lebron but when it mattered the very most he was there for his team. he is not better but he is a champion. these players are not better but they were better when it mattered the most. all his stats wont mean crap without that ring.
MoonMan2425::Everyone has seen Lebron do freakish stuff since the day he came into the league.  Last night does nothing to change everyone's opinion of him becuase it is what he always does:  dominate the REGULAR season.
lovesports3409::Not. He had help. Just like everyone does.
cod4hooper::He SHUT DOWN Rose. It was beautiful...
Maestro6694::Actually he dominated the playoffs last year (against the Bulls &amp; Celtics); if you recall he had HUGE 4th quarters in those series to close out both teams. Haters tend to forget that fact...
cod4hooper::When LeBron went to the finals with Cleveland, he dominated the postseason as well. He just got beat by a much better team coming out of the west. He did all he could and played ridiculously well but lost...all there is to it.
cod4hooper::Yes Fisher was there when it mattered most, but not every player with a ring was. A ring does NOT make an individual better than another. Sure it helps the argument, but the way Kobe fans talk is like it's the only thing. Kobe does nothing better than LeBron but because he has more rings he's automatically better. You're right, if LeBron doesn't get a ring, then who cares if he was a better player than Kobe, but that doesn't change the fact that he's a better player than Kobe.
DidYouSeeThat36::This is nicely said, but the reason most Kobe fans defend him soo strongly is because of how the hate comes at him soo strongly.  When the Lakers win, he is still a target...so people who support him come to defend him.
stone419::even if lebron was as bad in the 4th quarter as everyone thinks, dont you think this is a weird day to talk about it? did you watch the game last night?
stone419::i know he wont win MVP, but im not sure anyone has been more valuable to his team this year
cod4hooper::Yeah I was looking at the numbers before and after he came, he's done more for them than probably any other player. His individual stats won't show it but any team would love to have him.
stone419::thank god they broke up the mavs, dont know where my knicks would be without chandler
cod4hooper::Exactly. Heat got beat in their first year together by a Mavericks team that was possessed. Keep that Dallas team completely intact and I strongly doubt they do what they did last year or even come close.
stone419::he usually does. he had a bad finals last year. its not the end of his career.
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::thats why were talking about it. why can't he do that when it really matters? he is capable of it.
MoonMan2425::You're preaching to the choir.
BeastAwesome15::Look at Karl Malone, one of the best, probably one of the top 5 basketball players of all time. 2nd most points scored in NBA history?  So all that means nothing because of 0 rings?
EpicPicks::You know what I remember about Malone? I remember Rodman frustrating the hell out of him repeatedly in the finals, I remember M.J. stealing the ball and converting for the go ahead score.  Champions almost always do all the right things at all the right times,  that's what makes it so special.  I remember Stockton missing the go ahead 3 in an elimination game. I absolutely love John Stockton, but he is not a Champion.  Sir Charles, I will always remember him running out with his arms in the air in a futile attempt to distract a wide open John Paxson for what would be the Championship clinching 3 because Barkley saw the mismatch too late.  What happened after that, Kevin Johnson had his shot blocked by Horace Grant....  Derrick Fisher gets on my nerves to no end, but he is just as responsible for those championships as Kobe, Horry, Shaq, and everybody else. Sometimes, Champions single handedly propel their teams to glory, ask Dwayne Wade... every once in a while the team lifts it's best player to glory, ask Kobe about this when he won his most recent, and most likely final, championship. (see also Willis Reed)  the thing about LeBron is that he has yet to do any of this. He fails on the biggest of stages, like Malone and my beloved Stockton.  For this reason, he can not be mentioned in the same breath as those who are Champions.  That's why Barkley said he would trade all the stats for a Championship Ring, same with Marino.  Maybe LeBron will earn a Championship.  I hope he does. Not for our sake, as he is still a talent to watch regardless.  He has endured so much angst, and set the bar so high, that I want him to win at least one, no, make it two championships, for his own sake.
DidYouSeeThat36::All those numbers meant that Karl Malone was the best player to never get a ring.
BeastAwesome15::Okay, since Kobe is better than Lebron due to number of rings, I guess Satch Sanders is the 3rd best basketball player of all time
Maestro6694::Steve Kerr, Robert Horry, and Avery Johnson are all &gt; Lebron; based on the "rings" argument.
Maestro6694::Point being, I don't you can say "Player X" (Kobe), is better than "Player Y" (Lebron) just because Player X happened to be on a "better team". Many more factors go into winning a title than just individual talent.
DidYouSeeThat36::Yes, so consider the ring argument plus their position in the team
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::why people even try this argument is amazing. how dumb can you be
MoonMan2425::Kobe is better because he is one of the top 2 reasons that his team won each of his titles.   No one is claiming that Robert Horry is the greatest player of all time.  This comment is taking a statement too literally...
BeastAwesome15::Lebron is the most consistent player in basketball right now, he may of had 1 or 2 bad games all year.
stone419::im just praying he has 3 or 4 bad ones against the knicks in the playoffs
stone419::a man can dream, cant he?
EpicPicks::LMAO. Aint gonna happen.
BeastAwesome15::Heat should bench Lebron after the Bulls game, to secure his MVP.
DidYouSeeThat36::Don't need to, he is the MVP.  This coming from a guy who doesn't like Lebron, but can admit he is good.
WeaponXDawkins05::I'll take LBJ over Kobe
Maestro6694::All day, every day
cod4hooper::Everyone would, just not everyone would admit it.
EpicPicks::Including Larry Bird.
cod4hooper::Since Kobe having more rings than LeBron makes him better...then Robert Horry is better than Kobe and Jordan. Derek Fisher is better than John Stockton. Trent Dilfer is a better qb than Marino. And Jon Jay is a better outfielder than Griffey Jr.
stone419::i like this logic, it means i'm as good as lebron james, carmelo anthony, charles barkley, and allen iverson combined!
stone419::haha thankyou
cod4hooper::I'm glad I could shed some light on this and help you in the long run.
stone419::it really helps my self esteem
cod4hooper::Fact!!!!!!! Hahaha I mean why not, right??
cod4hooper::Just because at the end of one's career, they had more success, doesn't necessarily mean they are a better player than anybody else who hasn't won a ring. Fisher has 5 rings as a very average pg and Stockton has zero rings....so if I, as a Stockton fan says he's better than Fisher and a Fisher fan says "5 rings", does that mean he's better...?
menganito19::i think he has a great point
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::don't even start this dumb argument, even you should be smarter then this. C'mon Man!!!!
DidYouSeeThat36::shot his team out of 0 titles, unless you are admitting that he was good enough to win every year.  But a hater cannot admit that.
Maestro6694::"Individuals" don't win rings in the NBA by themselves. This is the reason why some of the greatest have never won titles. Every great player that has ever won a title, has always had a great supporting cast
Maestro6694::I agree. Winning "rings" is a function of being part of a good team, not indicator of individual talent. If rings were the only measurment criteria then players like Steve Kerr, and Avery Johnson should also be ranked ahead of Lebron.
EpicPicks::I do recall Kobe being the consummate ball hog on some otherwise pedestrian Laker teams. Shooting his teams out of any championships however, no, I don't recall that at all. When they lost to Boston, Gasol was 'oh-so-pillow-soft.'
menganito19::thats why he had shaq
cod4hooper::Ok then, so Fisher is better than Stockton, Dilfer is better than Marino and Jon Jay is better than Griffey Jr. I guess that makes it official...
poodagg::separates him from kobe?  how many titles did kobe shoot his teams out of?  still proving you dont watch basketball!
EpicPicks::cod4hooper only cares about stats, and only certain ones at that, that he feels validate his viewpoints.  Any other stats that you mention are dismissed as irrelevant.
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::the game is not about stats. it's about winning rings. thats what makes great player. playing great when it matters the most. no one will remember  Lebrons game against the Nets but if he did that in game seven of the finals. well can he do that in the finals? thats what separates him and Kobe. do it when it matters.
cod4hooper::I obviously know none of it is true, but honestly, when a player is obviously better than another...the rings argument is invalid. You're talking about a team stat, when we're comparing players.
menganito19::it doesnt matter if the Nets are a bad team, it is still an nba team. look at chicago, almost lost to the pistons, and lost to the wizards who have worst record than the nets
menganito19::he does it against good teams also, is just that when he does a bad thing people want to kill him, and they always overlook the good things he does on the court
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::it matters because if he does it against bad teams and not against good ones then that is a bog problem. and that has been the case more often then not this year
poodagg::the truth?  he has better stats than anyone except durant and paul in the last two minutes of five point games!  you prove again you dont watch basketball!
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::that was last year. this year we all know he goes away in the 4th. just look at the last bulls game as just one example. and it's not just me. all the experts agree that he needs to step up and do more in the 4th in big games. it's just the truth.
WeaponXDawkins05::Rose was "clutch" against a bad team (the pistons) And LBJ was clutch against the Bulls playoff series and the BOS Series, so yea.
poodagg::has been the case more often then not?  you just proved you dont watch basketball!
01Bulls4life::I'm ready for the PLAYOFFS!!!!!!!!!!!
King of Scots::When the majority of comments are negative, perhaps the LeBron's fan club  should ask themselves...why do we cling to his nutz so much?  Especially when it's clear The Black Mamba is better at basketball in every way.  He would even be better than LeBron in a wheelchair.
menganito19::kobe is just lucky he has played with great big man. he wasnt even the first option when shaq was there
menganito19::this is just the second year together and the season is not over yet. in the playoffs rotation is shortened and they will play more minutes
poodagg::kobe had much more complete teams, that couldnt win without phil jackson!
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::and Lebron is not lucky to have Wade and Bosh?
jakimeadoodle::what does law abiding have to do with it?
stone419::i dont understand that, and i certainly dont understand making fun of a guy after he just had a great game
jakimeadoodle::there is a certain level players get to where there is no better, there is just different. I don't understand the notion of picking a guy and defending him like he's your grandpa and he just took his pants off in the playground again
stone419::me too, i dont know why we cant enjoy watching both players play. they are both amazing
jakimeadoodle::All of this seems kind of weird to me
stone419::i can understand hating someone for committing a horrible crime, but hating him for not playing basketball the way you want him to play it or where you want him to play it? that's not weird to you?
stone419::when you can do nothing but make negative comments about someone who is obviously a great player and has never broken any law that we know of, perhaps you should ask yourself why you cling to his nutz so much
69Lakers2012::I Agree..!!!
poodagg::you are ignorant!  kobe lost on some of the greatest teams in a weak era!  he isnt even close to being on james level!
poodagg::i have a masters degree little boy!  and yes playing on those teams he should have no less than 9 rings!  keep showing your ignorance!
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::when you say five rings is nothing to brag about and no big deal you tell everyone that you are a moron. take your own advice and get yourself an education son.
poodagg::lol you are flat out ignorant!  and im a bulls fan einstein!  stay educated!
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::dude your just a moron homer thats in love with James. that much is very clear
poodagg::5 rings on the teams he played on and against isnt anything to brag about!  how many postseasons did he shoot his teams out of when they were favored to win the title?
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::yeah 5 rings is no where close to Lebrons level.
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::in Wheelchair basketball Kobe would kill him, he is a much better shooter and thats all about shooting
cod4hooper::Ok you're just crazy lol Kobe is better than LeBron right now at literally NOTHING.
King of Scots::LeBron thinks he's playing football the way he barrels down the lane. Such "talent" to play fullback running with the ball, despite playing basketball.
EpicPicks::Sir Charles was the same way. You have to use the abilities that you have. Nets should have went zone to negate LeBrons ability to do that. Poor coaching and execution by the NETS down the stretch.  Every legit team knows you have to go Zone to negate LeBron when he makes his mind up to go to the hole every time.
go_vols10::These LeBron trolls are blind because of their stupid hate. They refuse to admit a good performance when it's right in front of them.
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::no one is taking away from Lebron but I said before it's got to be frustrating to a heat fan to see him go off like this against the beat up nets and then score 4 or 6 points in the 4th against a good team knowing full well he is capable of this almost every night
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::way to nit pick. try to actually say something next time
cod4hooper::Um you may not be taking from LeBron, but for you to say no one is, is completely false and I think we both know that.
69Lakers2012::K. Humphries score 29pts...WTF..!!!
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::dude is a good player
EpicPicks::Yeah, a good player who probably never scored that much in his life. He averages what, 12, 13 pts a game.
brandonlee561heat22::Have you guys heard the video of the Utah Jazz announcer?
mintzerkj4eva::very funny and awkward
stone419::yes, its amazing. he sounds like the assistant coach from The Waterboy
brandonlee561heat22::funny stuff
Aicyla22::hi brandon
Aicyla22::gets it back and keeps it going, i again liked what i saw out of harris
brandonlee561heat22::Was a good game. Hopefully Bosh is getting his playoff touch back
Aicyla22::how'd you like the game last night?
brandonlee561heat22::Hey
RicoSuave925::5rings,2finals mvp,81 points &gt; 1 headband, the decision, " not 1 not 2 not 3 not 4 not 5 not 6 not7"
cod4hooper::For the Kobe fans impressed with his scoring this year...he takes 4 more shots a game than Durant to score .3 more points. That's absolutely terrible...
RicoSuave925::Kevin Durant is not playing with Kobe injuries doesn't have a lot of miles and is not a wing player like Kobe...
stone419::no, i dont. i'm fine with excuses but this is a bad one
cod4hooper::Um no. Watch his games...
RicoSuave925::he's not a shooting guard he's a sf closer to the hoop don't you think?
cod4hooper::Who cares??? If you're injured and can't shoot well...shoot less. It's that simple!!
stone419::kevin durant isnt a wing player?
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::thats not that many more shots for a guy in his 16th year i think with a bum wrist.
cod4hooper::Haha your logic is completely flawed.
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::if you don't care why he is shooting badly then why do you care how he gets his points? leading the league is leading the league. so stop.
cod4hooper::That's a lot more actually....that's at least 8 points worth of shots...and scoring only .3 more. I don't care why he's shooting badly, he's shooting badly. That's like saying Bynum is only shooting 1 for 8 from 3 because he's a big center. Who gives a crap why he can't shoot, he can't. So stop...
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::Kobe leads the league in scoring and his team has a real shot at a title this year so yeah I think we can still talk about how great he is.
thejulioshow::kobe still selfish.....nothing ever changes and LeBron haters
cod4hooper::Do you have any idea how many more shots he's taken to lead by .3 points per game? A lot....and I mean a LOT!!! That's not impressive...at least 20 other people could score that much if they took as many shots he does.
EpicPicks::So by your rationale D12 is an awesome shooter.  Keep drinkin the Koolaid.  Where here's one for you, I don't care what LeBron does, he still has zero rings and Kobe has 5.  Don't say or quote anything factual, because that is the only fact that matters, right? Btw, who cares how much Kobe shoots, he still leads the league in scoring, right... $@%!
cod4hooper::I looked up my stats on this little website called ESPN. You know, the one you're on right now. Also, I don't care the type of field goals they get, 43% is a LOT worse than 53% lol get the heck outta here bro.
EpicPicks::Crap? I looked this up on basketballreference.com. By the way, you're saying it's bull crap because the number is, according to you, off by one FG attempt.    Here's a stat for you:  When you adjust LBJ's 53% FG to exclude dunks and layups, you get 48%.  With Kobe, you get 46%    However, LBJ scores 12 points ppg with pure jumpers on 18.4 attempts, whereas Kobe scores 15 ppg on 20 attempts. So there's virtually no difference in their respective efficiency when shooting the ball per attempt.  Since you like to look up things, look that up your @$$.
cod4hooper::Ok Kobe is shooting OVER 23 so you rounded down by 1.2 shots. And LeBron is shooting UNDER 19 by .1 so you rounded up. Very convenient. Please don't forget that we're obviously on the internet and can look up your bull crap.
EpicPicks::Kobe is averaging 22 shots per game. Lebron 19.  WTF are you talking about? Kobe does not play with a prolific shooting guard, he is the prolific shooting guard.  Of course he will have few more attempts per game. When you factor in pure shooting percentage Kobe is just as efficient shooting as  Lebron.
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::you can play the if game all day but he leads the league and his team is a contender.
Dem_Canes_Man::boring conversation.
_Luke Walton_::It's almost playoff time.  That means it's almost "IF" season...  That time of year where Lebron bandwagoners flood these boards with their endless IF's explaining why Lebron didn't win it this year.
Aicyla22::okay
Dem_Canes_Man::okay too?!?
cod4hooper::I don't understand how people still talk about Kobe. He USED to be great, he's not anymore...he's not getting another ring. Congrats on his storied career, but even Jordan fans knew when it was time to give it up...
stone419::when he retired after his 6th finals mvp?
stone419::o, ok. that makes more sense. i was wondering how you were going to argue that jordan wasn't great in '98
cod4hooper::Not you lol I was talking to Brew-Crew. And no I'm talking more about when Jordan came back out of retirement again...people knew that it was time...
stone419::you're welcome i guess
cod4hooper::I disagree, but thank you very very much for at least replying with some relevance.
stone419::im saying Jordan was obviously still great when he retired so its a bad comparison
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::he is still a top player in the league and he could very well get another ring.
cod4hooper::At what point did I mention LeBron? That's all Kobe fans have on their mind...LeBron...focus on the post at hand. It's about Kobe, if you can't talk about that...move on to the next post.
69Lakers2012::Yeah...Whats the point..!!!! Lebrick is not Gonna get a Ring in MIAMI not with WADE around..!!
cod4hooper::My point is pretty clearly stated...how I don't understand why people talk about Kobe like he's great when he's not great anymore. He used to be....it's ok little guy. I'll slow the bus down so you can catch up.
stone419::i was wondering the same thing
cod4hooper::Yeah.......what's the point being made here?
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::it's got to be frustrating for a heat fan to watch Lebron go off in the 4th against the nets but then watch him score 4 or 6 points in the 4th against good teams knowing full well he is capable of doin this almost every night.
PurpleDrank6.3.1.::Yes it is, but I have faith he will pull through, just like I had faith the Heat would comeback and win the Finals in '06.
sportsguy766::Wade set an NBA Finals record for most made free throws in a game with 21, thats not even attempted either.
EpicPicks::At the end of the day, you have to put the ball in the basket. There is no way to rig that.  Wade went Ape $#hit Beserk and the Heat Won.  End of story.
cod4hooper::The fact that you're not a Mavs fan brings absolutely no validity to your opinion.
_Luke Walton_::'06 Finals was rigged.  There's no way Miami wins that series without all the phantom fouls and DWade's flopping.  And I'm not even a Mavs fan.
Dem_Canes_Man::6 points....  with 3 assists 3 rebounds 0 turnovers...I will take it all day.
Parsons613::Exactly, I don't believe people actually see what those stats add up to over the course of the game.....triple double
EpicPicks::ouch.
Aicyla22::yes actually it is
Buck3yeFan 3.0::whats with all the Kobe d-riders?
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Dude its far more Lebron Nut huggers believe me. That was oeoven when he took his 3qtrs to south beach.
Buck3yeFan 3.0::its a heat page....i could care less
sportsguy766::LeBrick James   aka "The Frozen One",   aka "I get so many dunks &amp; layups, people think Im great because of my FG%",   aka "#1 Front Runner, when we are winning I dominate, when we are struggling I shoot bricks or pass",  aka "LeBronze James "thanks Kobe for the Gold Medal you won me, Wade &amp; Bosh",  aka "Queen James",  aka "I mug for the crowd on every dunk"   aka "not 1, not 2, not 3, not 4, not 5, not 6, not 7 times I have disrespected all the NBA greats with my cockiness" oh and Im 0-2 in the Finals!
UspeakBushwa::aka MVP aka always in the finals aka always in your mouf
King of Scots::Always in the Finals? Ha! Twice in 10 years - yep, always!
stone419::75% of crazy fans for any player are generally clueless
sportsguy766::It may be defined as ignorance, however generalizing doesn't make it false either...  Oh by the way, I've read alot of Lebron fans quotes, in GENERAL, 75% of them are pretty clueless...LOL  Also, generalizing doesn't mean 100%.
Aicyla22::generalizing is a sign of ignorance
stone419::dont group all lebron fans into one group, there are plenty of anti lebron dirty jokes out there
sportsguy766::Lebron fans are so uneducated...Dick in mouth? must be a little kid. LOL My Nephew is 6 and he can have a better come back than that.
Buck3yeFan 3.0::get kobe's dick out of your mouth
sportsguy766::What do winners do? They Win (kobe 5 championships / 8 finals / 16 years) = 50% of the time plays for a championship    What do losers do? Talk about stats, MVPs and make excuses ( Lebron 0 Championships/ 2 finals / 9 years) = 22% of the time plays for a championship
stone419::Am i the only one that thinks that both LeBron and Kobe are great? They have never even played eachother in the playoffs/finals so i really dont understand this imaginary rivalry. I am rooting for Kobe to be the best player ever because i want to watch it, who wouldn't? And then I'll root for Lebron to be even better than that because i want to watch that too. Don't you people want to watch players become all-time greats?
joshuadhickman03::no some people cant enjoy the success of their own team because they want to find fault with someone else, kobe and lebron are great and future HOFers
Aicyla22::their styles are so different, i don't understand why they need to be compared at all
stone419::hope this isnt one of those times. id settle for durant vs lebron, or melo vs kobe
PurpleDrank6.3.1.::Well Kobe and MJ never got to face each other in the Finals nor MJ and Magic. Sometimes it's just not meant to be.
Aicyla22::yes i agree stone, but i don't know if it'll ever happen
UspeakBushwa::True
stone419::it would be such a shame if these two never got to play a series against eachother though, it would be so much fun to watch
Aicyla22::well i wouldn't go that far... I'm not rooting for kobe, but I'm also not gonna say he sucks bc he doesnt
stone419::they dont, everyone should be rooting for both so we can finally see them play in the finals.
PurpleDrank6.3.1.::No people would rather hate, because of their jealous a.ss sorry lives are no better than them.
UspeakBushwa::They are both great, they played head to head in the season and Lebron dogs Kobe every time, .....every time
EpicPicks::I don't know about career, but you are dead wrong this year. See below. Kobe's number go up when LeBron is on the court.  Kobe is also +4 whereas Lebron is -4.3  K. Bryant On Court	2	75	25.9	24.0	46%	3.4	29%	4.8	10.1	6.7	2.4	-4.3	  L. James On Court	2	75	27.4	20.6	51%	3.8	38%	5.8	3.8	3.8	0.5	+4.3
UspeakBushwa::all i can judge is when the greats play each other, and who's team wins, and Lebron dogs Kobe, thats all Im sayin
stone419::haha ok, as long as you realize it
UspeakBushwa::Nah, Im one of the people that you were talkin about actually
stone419::i think you missed the point of my post
sportsguy766::Whats the their head to head record in the playoffs? LOL
UspeakBushwa::If you look at Kobe head to head career vs Lebron, it's pretty ugly
UspeakBushwa::Truth is, you can be Kobe, You can be Lebron, You can be Durant, but you're not winning ANYTHING w/o a Big Man who plays defense.  Point blank period.  Chris Paul Kobe and Lebron can all be on the same team, they still wouldn't win w/o a Center or PF with defensive presence.
RicoSuave925::" If you wanna win you play with Kobe , if you wanna have fun you play with Lebron" - Larry Bird    Even Larry Bird Knows Lebron will choke in the Finals...HAHAHAHAHA
joshuadhickman03::atleast hes makijng it to the finals something 28 other teams wont do
EpicPicks::We get it now.
Aicyla22::oh boy you should have seen his grammar earlier today it was rough to say the least
EpicPicks::No, just bored reading the same post. I'm not a Heat fan. I'm a fan of interesting dialogue. You sir, are not interesting.
RicoSuave925::are you mad?
Rdhutchi::Best dunk montage I've seen in a while Check this out if you love dunks!!!!!!!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wDc-di5kIek
RicoSuave925::KOBE RINGS EFFECT  Shaq with Kobe= 3rings Shaq without Kobe= 1 ring  Gasol with Kobe= 2 rings Gasol without Kobe= No playoff win  LEBRON CHOKING EFFECT  Wade with Lebron= 1 headband Wade without Lebron= 1 ring
cod4hooper::Kobe without Shaq or Gasol = Trade demand, 0 rings.
megadrrewton99::sisters are doing it for themselves
sportsguy766::What do winners do? They Win (kobe 5 championships / 8 finals / 16 years) = 50% of the time plays for a championship   What do losers do? Talk about stats, MVPs and make excuses ( Lebron 0 Championships/ 2 finals / 9 years) = 22% of the time plays for a championship
Aicyla22::its funny how you say losers talk stats, then you proceed to talk stats...
sportsguy766::Sorry, Im anti-dumb people... I've had 8 employees in the last 8 years, only 3 of them had any brains so I could reason and explain thing s to them. Dumb people don't understand Logic...
Aicyla22::you get too much pleasure out of that, you're just as bad as them
sportsguy766::Each year he loses, weakens them oh so slightly...LOL
Aicyla22::i don't need your explanation and sorry to break to you but this little comment of yours isn't going to change lebrons fanboys
sportsguy766::Duh, I got the J/K. But Lebron fans wouldn't get it, so Im explaining it to them clearly. If you understood this, I wouldn't have to explain.
Aicyla22::obviously you're the one that isn't very smart bc 1) i am not a lebron fan &amp; 2) you completely missed the jk portion of my comment.  You don't seem to have much of sense of humor now do you?
sportsguy766::Lebron fans are not very smart...I'll try again...  Losers will bring up facts to support their argument. Then when their facts are proved wrong, they will make excuses as to why they are wrong. Then losers will finally say something good (i,e MVPs) to make themselves look good.  Winners, just bring up the truth (correct stats &amp; facts) UNDERSTAND?
EpicPicks::Yeah, Marino said himself, "At the end of the day, I would trade all the stats for just one SB Ring."  Same with Barkley.
Aicyla22::soooo you're 1/3 loser?   haha jk its whatever thats what it is on these board
EpicPicks::He is trying to communicate with 'losers' using a point of reference that they understand in order to make his point. Sometimes effective, sometimes not.  Fact is people will like what they want, often without regard to facts, stats, or anything else.
sportsguy766::LOL, notice stats, MVPS and excuses are all together in one. Stats alone don't make you a loser, or all the ESPN people would be.  Unfortunately You guys talk stats, Mvps and excuses for every argument, the definition of a loser. CLEAR?
EpicPicks::Brutal.
thejulioshow::A ring is an team achievement, not a individual one
RicoSuave925::Even Shaq himself said he couldn't do it without Kobe and vice versa..but who did Shaq had to face at Center? Kobe had to face McGrady, Carter,Iverson,Ginobli,Marbury,Grant Hill,Pippen,Bowen etc...
UspeakBushwa::Name 1 team who has won the NBA championship without a dominating Big Man
megadrrewton99::McGravy!
UspeakBushwa::Name another Big Man duo than Bynum and Gasol right now........ KOBE EFFECT:  Always finding away to get the best players around him to piggy back his way to another title HAS LEBRON EVER HAD A GOOD BIG MAN??  EVER?
RicoSuave925::Ibaka and Perkins? Gasol and Randolph?
UspeakBushwa::You see all the good teams have solid Big Men tho
stone419::ZBo and Marc Gasol is a pretty good combo
stone419::well okc should win the west, but i still feel like they are a year away. ZBo can be the best big man in the game, when he feels like it
UspeakBushwa::They are, just as good if you ask me, Memphis might do work in the playoffs, OKC is always lurkin' tho
sportsguy766::Wade:6x all-star before Lebron  Bosh: 5x all-star before Lebron  =Lebron 0 Rings    Pau Gasol: 1 all-star before Kobe  =Kobe 2 Rings
Aicyla22::oh ok its bc he's comparing multiple seasons for the lakers to one season for the heat
EpicPicks::Yes.
Aicyla22::are you asking me why is this a bad comparison?
EpicPicks::It would be for the HEAT. Heat would destroy Mavs this time around. Mavs haven't recovered from all the lost personnel.
stone419::it would be awesome if the heat played the mavs again
EpicPicks::@Aicyala  Seriously, why not? But to be fair, Bryant did not get a ring with Gasol the first year. They lost in humiliating fashion to the C's. On the second try though... could be the same for LeBron.
UspeakBushwa::lol exactly
thejulioshow::Hasnt won......YET.....now stop trolling
Aicyla22::so you're a loser?
sportsguy766::What do winners do? They Win championships  What do losers do? Talk about stats and make excuses
UspeakBushwa::EVER? Just name one
Aicyla22::not a good comparison
sportsguy766::Ladies and Gentlemen    The Mayans prediction that the world would end in 2012 WAS WRONG.    The world is only ending for Lebron Fans, after another upcoming Playoff failure...    Lebron fans will all gather together in one large circle and sing their theme song that a miami heat fan can only sing...  "It's the end of the world as we know it..."
sportsguy766::Ladies and Gentlemen..  2012 will be the last year we will have to hear about Lebron being the best from his clueless fans.    After they choke again this year, Lebron fans will shrink by 50%, because they are just bandwagon fans, and those fans like winners.  The other 50% fans will lose their heart like their leader and quietly say they need Phil Jackson, LOL.    2012, is the end of the World for Lebron Fans...
stone419::whatever you say buddy
RicoSuave925::" I rather have Luke Walton or Scalibrine than Lebron in the Finals" - D. Wade      HAHAHAHA
IMMAWARRIOR55::Lebron scores the last 17pts to close out this game, and haters find away to discredit him!
xmanfolife::Man, it's the Nets.....he's not gonna get any creds coming from behind to beat the Nets..what heck were they doing trailing them in the first place?
Aicyla22::he won't get credit for coming from behind to beat the nets, but he would get torn to shreds if he didnt show up and they lose?  sounds about right...
RicoSuave925::The same way Kobe haters are...
stone419::2 wrongs dont make a right
Clenbutador::Kobe had never won a championship without the BEST bigmen in the NBA.  3 championship year with Shaq, Shaq was the best bigmen in the NBA during that 3 years.   Gasol was the best big in the NBA during their 2 championship years.
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Sportsguty got you on that one where's the rebuttal Lol.
tgtg31::I remember Duncan and Hakeem owning Shaq
sportsguy766::The Kobe Effect     Shaq without Kobe = 11 years / 1 title   Shaq with Kobe = 8 years / 3 titles     Pau without Kobe = 7 years / 1 all-star - 0 titles   Pau with Kobe = 4 years / 3 all-star - 2 titles
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Why do ppl still say stuff like Kobe played no part in getting those rings with Shaq and Gasol  is behind me. Everybod Thays step during those championship runs played a part be it big or small. Can't just discredited Kobe seriously that's not talking basket at all.
EpicPicks::To be fair, how many rings did Shaq get without Kobe? One in how many years? Or nevermind, sportsguy766 already made my point.
