Pippen3382::This was solid win by the boys in blue and orange hopefully they can keep up this intensity and team play till the end of the season! But i think they will definitely keep it going tonight against the 76ers for sure! Im guaranteeing a win and have some great bettin strategies from the prophet for u  come to my site to  check out my reasoning as well as some juicy tips for u to suck on http://nbawagers.com/2012/03/betting-strategies-for-big-knicks-vs-76ers-game-tonight/
JETTJAGUAR1::Mark Thy Wordz......The Knicks are going to the Finals..... If they Beat The Sixers tonight the same way they've been man handeling everyone else? It's a wrap...they have finally realized they are the key to their own problems.
amscubs13::Mark they wordz, they wont be getting into the playoffs.  Just look at the remaining schedule of the Bucks and then the Knicks.  Thats all you need to know.  Bucks are taking the last spot.
jliuatl::I said it when D'Antoni resigned, and I'll say it again now - Woodson will be the head coach of the Knicks last year.  He was a solid coach, handcuffed bigtime when he was in Atlanta.
JETTJAGUAR1::Next Year if he get's them far enough in the Playoffs for sure.
BaccalaTitz27::u mean next year?
WISports_14::Watch out for the Bucks! But really, they're pretty hot as well.
amscubs13::Knicks fans really should be paying attention to them...
pk9394::Is Stephen A. going to post anything this week?.
JETTJAGUAR1::For Stephen A. Smith.....Broadcast the Bounty out there in the NBA for Jeremy Lin's head!! The Ref's are kinda sorta ignoring it....but it's clear to see that most and maybe all teams have been informed to take him out if he ever attempts to drive down the lane for a layup or pass. STOP......THE .....HACK....A.....SHAQ....ON.....JEREMY LIN!!!  After every game the Knicks play....Jeremy Lin comes out of them Bloodied and Bruised.......Hey Ref's!!.....what's up?
Zamian7833::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQvU3yj0WSc
Zamian7833::Would somebody please get Spike Lee a smaller size jersey, its hilarious watching him arguing with the referee in that oversize jersey..lol
Shoot the J. Shoot it.::Knick Fans after 4 straight wins: Delusional thoughts from Fantasy Island!
JETTJAGUAR1::Funny....how are Knicks fans supposed to think when their team has been in a tail spin off and on.....now they are winning and have no choice but to win.  It's the thought that counts ......stay thirsty my friends!!
stone419::WE GOIN TO THE 'CHIP
dohh23::Where the trolls at?
Zamian7833::I just can't get enough of the Alley oops from Jeremy to Chandler...such precision, like a Swiss watch! Its just so beautiful to watch. Good Luck tonite Knicks!
JETTJAGUAR1::Stop the Hack a Shaq on Jeremy Lin!!!
Zamian7833::We've seen it a couple of times already but thanks buddy!
dohh23::I'm getting misty.
wetizen::you'd better let her watch this one too.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jLPBTq0-UbQ
Zamian7833::My wife can't stop crying every time she watch and listen to those beautiful songs made for Jeremy. My two sons 8&amp;12 can't stop talking about him... Its truly the most beautiful and touching story in the history of the NBA.
dohh23::C'mon Lin! You gotta get better lift than THAT!
ImZOcrAZy::its funny because last week i was listening to my favorite sports radio show and the host was saying (about the d'antoni quitting) that woodson could not have asked for a better time for him to resign...he asked the cohost to look at the knicks schedule right before the resigning and the upcoming schedule and predicted they would win and seemingly turn things around and "all would seem fixed" under woodson...  lo and behold....  so im not so sure about "fixed"...i still think the knicks are what we thought they were a week ago....an average team
evolution_xx::Knicks still won't make the playoff. I got the Bucks taking the 8th seed. Either way they or the Bucks will be swept the first round against either Bulls or Heat.
NYC4LYFE23::I hate coming on here sometimes, I see a bunch of uneducated idiots talking about basketball. Some people literally have no idea what they are talking about. All I can do is laugh.
savetheplanet35::lets see what happens tonight against the 76ers at their place....after they whipped the knicks the last time they played the knicks better bring it...
JETTJAGUAR1::The Knicks are fully aware of what happened last time at home against the Sixers.....The Knicks beat them in their first meeting and lost the last one. This team has fire to it now....they don't need one player to come thru for them...they have everyone blasting on all fronts friend.
NYC4LYFE23::this is a different team. It'll be a good game.
savetheplanet35::this story looks familiar, d'antonio inserted LIN in the lineup and knicks won like 8 out of 10 against bad teams, now woodson takes over and the knicks go 4-0 against not so good teams. so before we start crowning them the champs lets wait this time until they play some good teams..
JETTJAGUAR1::Your Nuttz!....The Indiana Pacers are playoff contenders dude. Plus the Knicks are going to beat the Sixers again tonight, They both split the first 2 meetings...the Knicks are thirsty my friend.
stone419::the pacers arent good?
BrooklynNet3::WOODSONity!!! http://www.facebook.com/Woodsonity
wetizen::nice song here http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jLPBTq0-UbQ
knicksman7654::why are knicks fans rooting against carmelo? it sounds ilke you guys want him to do bad. you have to give him encouragement. the people who are "knicks fans" and rooting against carmelo are not knicks fans at all. so why don't you deal with a talented player and a guy we have been winning with for the past four games and two against the pacers.
JETTJAGUAR1::Their stupid! At this point the Knicks are doing well.....They should be cheering the entire team when their names are called out during the beginning of the games. Sometimes people don't realize what they have until they lost it.....Carmelo is coming around and is buying into the system like the rest of the team. HATERZ.....let it go already....it's a new beginning and the playoffs are right around the corner....you will be cheering for Carmelo once we are in there.
knicksman7654::I'm cheering for melo he is the most talented on our team
Ronin_Noroshi::I don't know any Knicks fans that root against Melo. The pouting at the end of games was a little much but I want him to do well.
Ronin_Noroshi::I see the guys you're talking about. They don't know anything about the team and didn't start following the Knicks until ESPN started talking about Lin. They aren't the real fans that were on here when we were getting beat by the Bobcats and wondering why this team was underachieving. You can usually tell they aren't fans.
knicksman7654::i know a lot of knicks fans who root against him. and a lot are on this board come game time.
j_lamb22::Did I see Toney Douglas in the game last night????
JETTJAGUAR1::A Man of Mystery.....His time will come during the Playoffs.
Ronin_Noroshi::Toney Douglas? No, he's just an urban legend.
knicksman7654::were beating the sixers
Ray7182770::Keep on rolling Knicks, we need every game from here on in.
Gator_The_Great::This is the first time in a while I actually got the eye holes out of the paper bag on my head from embarrassment to see how the Knicks are playing well.
JETTJAGUAR1::Ha!....You have to root for this team while you can, They have reached a point of no return.
Ray7182770::Keep the bag on and keep routing for the Heat/Bulls or whoever else catches your fancy.
JETTJAGUAR1::Every team that plays against the Knicks are performing the Hack a Shaq on Lin, Everytime Lin drives down the lane for a pass or shot they chop him up...This guy gets back up on his feet with bruises and cuts....he spills blood for the Knicks. His teamates see this and react with positive gameplay, J Lin is not getting all the foul calls he should be getting.....The Refs suck when it comes to fouls on that man.
JohnPana::Funny, this guy Tim Legler is wearing a wedding band, he was in NY a few years ago chillin in Marquee getting close with some hot girl, hope it was his wife!
JohnPana::shook his hand and talked to him about G-Unit randomly, cuz they were playing their songs, so it was definitely him. i put him on blast cuz he got obnoxious!
Ronin_Noroshi::lol Not cool dude. Why would you put that guy on blast? Maybe you just saw somebody that looks like Legler.
MichaelKL017::Lin played great D
JETTJAGUAR1::The Knicks have to continue this type of gameplay they have going for them right now!! No more fingerpointing....we're all past that right now, If they have finally found themselves then there is no reason why this team can't make it all the way to the Finals. Melo is coming around to his regular form, Stat is showing signs of his old self, Chandler is becoming more and more of a beast, Laundry fields is flying all over the place with defense ( Make them free throws kid ), J.R.Smith is wicked on defense and a deadly shooter when he's hot, Novacaine....just get him the damn ball....please! Jeremy Lin is doing what he should be doing .....spread the floor and find the open man.  They can do this if they want it that bad.
JETTJAGUAR1::The Knicks need to continue to make impact statements against the Sixers the same way they did against the last four teams they just beat. Go into their house tonight and beat them down for the win.
savetheplanet35::they actually only beat 3 teams...they played indiana twice
Ronin_Noroshi::This should be a good team. This should be a a team that has a chance to win. The talent is there. Hopefully they can keep this rolling.
Ronin_Noroshi::Amare had a nice game though, 22pts 12rebs. If he can bring that the rest of the year we're good
yale203::Lin has hall of fame written all over him.
ESCdismantled::did someone give melo a sharpie ?
Dogeater878::These idiots on SNY tv were going on about putting Baron Davis back in as starter and benching Lin.  Great idea, cut that guy he stinks and can't play. They've lost every game since Lin's been the PG, with and without anthony.  NY local hack sports "journalists" are idiotic scum.
jeremylin2013allstarstarteroverrose::fact
Ronin_Noroshi::19pts 8.2ast 2.1stl 4rbs. Those numbers will get you an all star game
Ronin_Noroshi::Those aren't his numbers as a starter. Bump those up a bit
jeremylin2013allstarstarteroverrose::more like 18 points 9 assist 3 turnovers 2 steals 2 blocks with the biggest blocks on rose
ESCdismantled::.
Ronin_Noroshi::Yeah that's counting all the games he played 3 minutes. Thats not really what his averages are.
ESCdismantled::his season averages
ESCdismantled::yeah 15ppg 6apg 4to.. is so great
jeremylin2013allstarstarteroverrose::wow change it because of lin being so great how big is that...
Ronin_Noroshi::......
ESCdismantled::Both make the same point
jeremylin2013allstarstarteroverrose::lol  y thats silly..are u steven A smith
Ronin_Noroshi::....
pk9394::Stephen A. where you? come out come out where ever you are?.  I need your expertise words.
ESCdismantled::Milwaukee and Boston not giving up their spots to the Knicks
JETTJAGUAR1::Milwaukee is playing with confidence and hunger just like the Knicks right now......This should be a gooooood game against them next week. It could get physical for sure. The Kicks for some strange reason seem to be getting better with every game....Philly should be one of their biggest targets tonight.....Kick that $@% NY!!!
bcbunley89::Nice game Lin.  Need to see it against better team, but you played well.  Cant hate on that.
majorsteele::Get this straight all you fools who are talking about  D' Antoni  system  and all that crap this dam fool have no system , he has no strategy he has no nothing, this  moron have no  dam business  being a coach of any kind in the NBA much less an head coach, check out   how  he got into the NBA one of his kind  parachuted  him into the  NBA , I mean Brian Co-Angelo  another fool who have no dam business being any where near basketball , now his dad Jerry Co-angelo  have  his cousin "Mikey"  ( D'Angelo) on the Olympic team doing god knows what, when we could find so many other good coaches with something to offer.  I guess it is an italian thing  parachuting your own whether they are even near qualified or not, check out their history where ever they go  the Dodgers the Mets and so on for years, Tommy Lasorda and his gang .   One other thing his so called wins  in Phoenix  were not wins they were just  the offense laden Phoenix Sun  just outscoring the next team but as you  can see him and is fall apart in crunh time cream puff point guard  Steve Nash could not even get out of the first rounds, maybe one little time, I know a lot of you don't  actually watch the game otherwise you would have some real facts.  Anybody with any sense knows what a lot of  you are who are making a fool of yourselves two words and they start  with "R'  and "B". D'Antoni coaching the lakers  what a joke , you are so disrespectful , the man coaching them now  is a big time coach who have gone to the NBA finals with one player yes one player not a stacked team like his predecessor Phil Jackson  who was  totally embarrassed time and time again  including being swept in the first round last year,  know what you are talking about you Fools, "B' and "R".
yale203::Lin is Top 7 guard no doubt; stats clearly put in him that tier.
pk9394::for someone scoring 38 points in the NBA, you gotta give the person credit.  These are all pro and if you can score 38 points in one game you have to legit.
bcbunley89::Stats dont mean that much guy.  Try again!!!!!!!
Ronin_Noroshi::You're right, can't base everything on stats. But Lin's numbers don't lie. Respect him
Ross0622::Heat/Bulls &gt; Knicks .... so the knicks will remain irrelevant
1999 Knicks Number 8 Seed::^ ^ ^ ^ ^
chisoldier::Looks like the bandwagon is filling up again.  I will reserve judgement on this team until the end of the regular season.  Let's see how high up the standings they climb in these last weeks of the season.
Syracuse_Orange44::When are people going to realize that the Knicks can only beat average teams?
Prof. Knickerbocker::We dont know that until this team, with a good coach, can play the best teams.  Because the D'Antoni Knicks would lose to crappy teams &amp; good teams.  These Knicks are playing better than their record.  Let's see what happens tonight.  Philly has a good coach, but average talent and they're winning the division!  The Knicks should win.
njkaplan::Can't understand why everyone here is quoting the media.  Who gives a lick about what the media says.  Knicks stunk with D'Antoni.  He had a world of talent on the court and could do nothing with it...no defensive system, no strategy.  He basicallly LOST the Knicks a long time ago.  Too much talent to underachieve like this.  Fresh perspective and accountability with Woodson = 4-0 record and playing to their potential SO FAR.  Playing like a team should.  Mike D could never do this in the years he was here.  These are your facts and your bottom lines.  The media can kiss my butt.  They don't know anything.  And if the Knicks lose they lose but they're definitely a better team with more accountablity than there ever was before.  We all knew Lin himself wasn't going to save this team but he controlled the court better than before.  We'll see what the future has in store for the Knicks but right now one can sense a REAL difference in their game, not just Linsanity and a flash in the pan motif.  Besides, I care nothing of Linsanity.  As long as the team plays well.  Last time I'm checking, he still has a lot to do with that!
Prof. Knickerbocker::Agreed!!!
kiyongee::Do you want tebow come to jets?
Prof. Knickerbocker::No, the Jets don't need him. I like him, but the Jags need him more.  If Sanchez has a bad game or 2, the fans may turn on him for Tebow.  And truly, Sanchez is a much more talented QB than Tebow.  I think its a bad idea.
jukedoublespinmove::Airballness, after I scanned through this post I noticed you've been on here for hours this morning. Quit trolling, Melo is the best player on the Knicks
YourAirballnessKobeSteak::While Lin's FG% climbed back up to .500 in the past five games, Melo's FG% still stayed under par...
markovic311985::last night melo did sth more than scoring.
Prof. Knickerbocker::But, he is averaging more points, assists, 3 pt FG%...what's up with the Melo hate?
GAKG24::Melo career numbers; 25pts per game, 46% field goal percentage, 81% free throw and 3 assists per game over nine seasons in the league.
savetheplanet35::you look dumb all the time
Prof. Knickerbocker::Ever play gets blocked.  Have u watched the Lakers lately?  Kobe has great games and then he has games where average players are blocking him.  Blocking is a part of the game.  But, under this system, he's taking better shots and isn't getting blocked as often.  Amare too.
kiyongee::Melo looks slow these days and he gets blocked often...
GAKG24::I guest you don’t care too much for empirical evidence… Melo have been double and triple team his entire career… let’s not compare Lin and Melo, Lin’s body of work insufficient for proper comparisons…
YourAirballnessKobeSteak::David Beckham used to be English national team... lol
evanturnerbestshootingguardthankobe::While i sit here with your balls in my wide hands carmelo, i could be wrong, im sorry.   --Stephen A. S
YourAirballnessKobeSteak::There are two opposite kinds of analysts in pro. sports. The first kind is Billy Beane's type, who firmly believed in players' statistics. The second type is Stephen A. S., who just believes in players' old reputation and ethnic background....
Prof. Knickerbocker::This is silly.  SAS has supported players of all ethnic backgrounds.  If u have a specific case to highlight, lets talk about it.  What's up?
GAKG24::Just to put things into perspective for CRAZY Knick fans, and Melo haters, his Career numbers are; 25pts per game, 46% field goal percentage, 81% free throw and 3 assists per game over nine seasons in the league. Very few players in the league have played at this level over their careers. And the defense argument, would someone please name one, just one small forward that kills him on defense (head to head match ups he always destroys Lebron check the stats). I would admit that he should put more effort in on the defensive end, but please stop the nonsense…..
Prof. Knickerbocker::Agreed.  The Melo hate is unnecessary and is really pointless.  Chris Mullin is an All-Star, Dream Teamer, Hall of Famer and he couldn't play defense on average players.  Mark Jackson was a great PG, but he couldn't play defense on most PG's in the league.  Melo is a much better defender than any of those guys.
Prof. Knickerbocker::Bottomline, there are few players in the league who are great one-on-one defenders.  He's a good, not great, team defender.  On offense, averaging nearly 5 assists on this team is big.  In Woody's system he knows where his players are when the double team comes.
GAKG24::I am not suggesting that Melo is a great defender, but I am tired of hearing people say what a bad defender he is, however when asked to produce evidence of there claim they are unable to name just one player that routinely burns him on defense …
YourAirballnessKobeSteak::"The only minor mistake I had ever made is that I believed I was always right about anything in NBA..."  --Stephen A. S.
Prof. Knickerbocker::Melo is a good player.  No one in the media trashes Melo.  Why single out SAS?  Plus, I wasnt talking about Melo.  I was talking about D'Antoni being  fired.  SAS knows the game more than most folks.  U can disagree with his candor, but when you look at the numbers, he's usually right.
Prof. Knickerbocker::Well, he was right about the Knicks...
evolution_xx::Melo not being a team player. It's over this year for the Knicks. Even if they make the playoff they cannot get past Heat or Bulls. Look for next year.
YourAirballnessKobeSteak::like what? about blind support for melo? lol
Prof. Knickerbocker::This is a good stretch for the Knicks.  A few more games with weak teams coming up: Detroit, Toronto again, even Philly tonight).  Even if they lose one of them, they're beating the teams they're supposed to beat and doing it well!  I wanna rematch with the Heat!
NYC4LYFE23::agreed
YourAirballnessKobeSteak::I think Lin really deserves some better team... When Linsanity got the chance to start and proposer, NY media attributed his success to D'Antoni's system. Then D'Antoni was fired. NY media declared the termination of Lin's success. Then Lin adjusted quite well under new coach Woodson. NY media changed again to believe NY owns Lin forever... What a funny group!
markovic311985::u should get used to this $@%!$@% NY media.
