Julie Price::Lebron shooting 78%...that is just insane.
Josh Tufts::Wade had another good all around game. Yet somehow he is washed up. Hmmmm
Jody George Prats::I wish I had LeBron's game.   --MJ
Will Posters::one of the reasons no one respects heat fans or their basketball knowledge
Ethan Menard::i wish i won 6 rings with the organization that drafted me....... i wish i played in the era that bird, magic and jordan played..... --best actress lebitch james
Johnny Tuzzoli::Let them keep hating on Miami until there is no more to say. First it was "no ring" -- he has 2 now going on 3. then it was "no clutch" and he won tons of games now in playoff time and the finals. then it was "his shooting" so he shot over 40% from 3 and insane FG% overall.  A few more years and he will have surpassed Jordan and everybody else in every major stat, rings, trophies and memorable moments. KEEP HATING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Steve Broome::Lebron's shooting percentage must be very frustrating for all the "Lebrick" idiots.
Al Sotowitz::His hairline and his Mom is all they have left. It's actually funny to hear them b*tch and whine about things that are totally irrelevant to basketball.
Alexandro Colorado::Wade is playing great tonight. Agreed?
Eric Brown::LeBron is pretty much the greatest player of the last 15 years. easily.. and the 2013 Heat may go on to be the best constructed team on the past 15 years.  But to the rest of the NBA... the stars of the 90s would wipe the floor with anyone on the Suns... Magic... hell, even that Pacers team would get killed by that '95 Magic team.   LeBron is a top 3 player in any era. But get the REST of these NBA bums out of here. Indiana is the competition? Boy George and Georgia Hill? Really? LOL.
Brandon Tigues::bruh your trolling is weak...you're annoying as hell
Eric Brown::Brandon Tigues Trolling? Dude... get on somewhere. Don't be mad at me that you think the Pacers are a good team. I'm not that gullible like you.
Brandon Tigues::Eric Brown bruh you're trolling, you've been on the heat's chat board the pass few games saying a bunch of nonsense, you're not a heat fan just some troll who comes on here pretending to be.
Gloria Ryan::Miami Heat prospects of winning NBA titles over next 3 years just got a big boost. kobe has single handedly crippled the Lakers with his ridiculous contract making him the highest paid player for next 3 years. So much for lakers buying big talent again to contend..........lol;s.
Marc Pascal::Can't believe Lebron missed three shots. Pfft, bum.
Leland Wong::The Big Two is clicking and now we need the third one to click---Michael Beasly has been sensational. PER of 23.8.
Eric Evans::For some reason I do not see that continuing call me skeptical
Danielle Alonso::He is on short leash. He won't play long enough to have that number drop
Paul Snurpus::Miami has lost 2 games in November, by a total of 2 points...
Demetrius Falconstakeflight Roberts::*surprised look* nooooo, get out of here lmao...they're about to gain some steam
Dante Barrett::35 points on 14 shots... Man. Come on now, even the biggest lebron haters have to be impressed by this
Brandon Tigues::nah they'll find some way to discredit it..like they tried to discredit his GW on Saturday, saying "it doesn't count as a GW because there were 15 seconds on the clock still" lmao..these lebron haters are getting out of hand.
Leland Wong::Let me just say this one more time, LBJ is the GOAT. He is just too good, shooting 61% on FG and 50% on 3 pt shots.
Daniel Beteck::So LeBron scored 35 pts on 14 shots! Really! O_O over n under on how many shots Melo will need for those pts?
Brandon Tigues::way over lol
Bryce Morgan::28
Dante Barrett::Crazy thing is, Bryce's number probably isn't too far fetched. 25-26 maybe?
Justin Porter::Cole needs to take notes from Wades play tonite.. No reason why our PGs should not have 7 each a nite.
Johnny Tuzzoli::Wade and lebron have the ball all the time, thats why...........
Jorge Bouza::If the King keeps these numbers all year,  MVP #5 is in the trophy case, no discussions.
Eric Brown::No player in the league could put up these numbers. Makes you wonder who the hell these owners are drafting that they can't compete with LeBron.
Leland Wong::Dream on Heat haters, Wade is not even close to wash up.
Ethan Menard::Jody George Prats   Top Commenter  Hesperia High I wish I had LeBron's game.   --MJ Reply  1  Like  Follow Post  13 minutes ago  Will Posters   Top Commenter one of the reasons no one respects heat fans or their basketball knowledge Reply  Like  about a minute ago  Ethan Menard   Top Commenter i wish i won 6 rings with the organization that drafted me....... i wish i played in the era that bird, magic and jordan played..... --best actress lebitch james Reply  Like  2 seconds ago
Bryce Morgan::are you that proud of yourself? Dear lord
Will Posters::6 Finals MVPs, all won decidedly, no collapse by opposing team needed to save the series. DPOY, etc...
Steve Blesson::Will Posters yeah but MJ started winning at 28, same as LBJ. We can always argue that a playoff loss is a loss, no matter if it's the 1st round or the finals. So MJ has his losses and LBJ had his. And now LBJ is starting to win just like MJ, look out :-)
Lawrence Ross::Yes LeBron is great but he's not even 30 yet. I think it's unfair to call him the GOAT yet. Let's just enjoy the ride and when his career is over then when can accurately and fairly compare him to Jordan and Kobe.
Oneil St. Laurent Campbell::Lebron is already better than Kobe. Don't give me no rings argument either that Shaq carried him to. I'm speaking individual accomplishments.
Brandon Duenas::Good win last night Suns!  Check out my latest article previewing the 2014 NBA Draft! Thanks http://isportsweb.com/2013/11/24/potential-trade-partners-phoenix-suns/
Corey D. Seaton::Heat this year > Heat last year (that 27 game winning streak covered up a lot of bad habits this year's squad doesn't have)
Brandon Tigues::they'll be even better if oden can give them anything..man I'm really hoping he can stay healthy
Donaven Murray::LeBron is just too good. He said he's not even in top form yet from his back issues. Not a good sign for the league.
Abeer Mujtaba::lol...when an opposing team stays 5 feet away from you daring you to shoot you'll have some good games...but please don't think he is a good shooter...Lebron is an average shooter at best and no one is worried about his its him barreling Itravelling not called) to the rim that teams worry about
Joe Lim::Abeer Mujtaba you are an idiot
Jacque Ortiz Warren::Abeer Mujtaba 56% from the field and over 40% from 3 last year, and over 60% from the field and over 50% from 3 so far this year is what you consider average?
Brandon Tigues::lmao@lebron's reaction when he seen wade doing cartwheels
Eric Brown::By the way Suns fans... how does it feel that you will NEVER win a title? That your franchise has been a waste of time since day 1? That you choke every chance you get in the playoffs? That Charles Barkley still to this day cries himself to sleep that he never won a ring? That Grant Hill wasted SO many years there. That Steve Nash had to leave because he gave up on you?  How does that make you feel Suns fans? That you join the rest of the no title having garbage heap in the NBA? I'm just asking.
David Tatro::I'm proud to be a Suns supporter since 2007, and proud that we have classy fans as well.
Josh Tufts::Grant Hill wasted years? If it wasn't for the Suns he wouldn't have had a career. He had a lot of good years there after everyone said is career was over for good.
Anthony Thompson::Seriously? Says the guy that likes the Hawks and the Pelicans? The Hawks, who won their only title in 58 when they were in ST LOUIS? The Pelicans/Hornets who have always sucked and always will? I've been a Suns fan since I knew what a basketball was and have followed them since '88. They have the fourth best all-time record in NBA history behind the Lakers, Celtics and Spurs. They have reached the playoffs 64% of the time and have won the conference more times than the Pelicans have won their Division. The Suns have not won it all, but they are the best team in basketball to support. If you're not a Lakers or Celtics fan then you are disappointed nearly every year. Why don't you support your Mississippi teams? Oh yeah, there aren't any.
Eric Brown::Another day, another garbage team with garbage players loses to the Heat.  Just give the Heat their title already. And skip to the Finals. The playoffs aren't even necessary. NBA is SO full of mediocre talent that the Pacers are considered good lol....
Bryce Morgan::are you a fan? Or do you hate Lebron that much that you are the type to scream "no parity, Lebron isnt really that good"
Eric Brown::Bryce Morgan I don't hate LeBron. LeBron is the GOAT to me at this point. But if you think ANY of this talent in the NBA is any good... LOL. LeBron would dominate in any era, but the 90s players would wipe the floor with anyone else not on the Heat.
Bryce Morgan::Eric Brown wellllll how about this: the stars of the old would beat the starts of now, but the overall teams are closer than they were back then. Team play now is huge
Eric Brown::Heat fans... please stop thinking someone is trolling because they make fun of other teams not named the Heat.  It's terrible... everyone in the real world still thinks the Pacers are garbage. Good lord, you would think they've ever won a title lol.
