ZenSufi::This is March Madness, baby.
baseballbasketballman::Why aren't the Pacers getting any credit for a terrific game
bustasports::full nba 2011 re-draft  kenneth faried 2nd pick, enes kanter 17th  this was actually a good draft, but the draft order wasn't right  http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/2012/03/full-20...
mjsanders::Wow, wasn't this supposed to be the 21st century Jordan, Pippen &amp; Rodman?  I watched those Bulls teams &amp; they NEVER looked as ordinary as the MIA Hype often do!  Nowadays all they bandwagoners are troutin out the excuses about the shortened season, injuries, how reg season gms are meaningless, etc.  In '95-'96, MJ was in his 1st full season back from retirement at 32y.o., Pip was 30 &amp; Worm was 34!  How come that team found a way to win 88% of their REG SEASON gms while being led by OLD superstars, while the so-called Big 3 in MIA is 27, 30 &amp; 37?!?  Those Bulls teams never took gms off &amp; every other team in the league genuinely feared them.  NO TEAM fears the MIA Hype!  It will be the bes thing that ever happended to the league when this team fails again in this yr's playoffs &amp; Riley breaks 'em up afterwards!  There are no shortcuts to chips!  Look at what the FOs in CHI &amp; OKC have built through the draft, trades &amp; smart FA signings.  Once it has been proven that active players don't know how to build teams, the NBA will be back on the path to being the No. 2 in America again!
Lovemymom21::Oh no...this Heat team isn't as good as the Bulls. I guess they suck then....sigh
Slaughter Lane::Heat don't care about the season. They are looking to turn it on for four series at the end. The rest of the time, if what they give isn't enough, it isn't. They're not really that fun to watch.
Lomax66::Thanks for the good laugh.
tbperski12::like if u hate school
Amaze76er::Lakers 2012 champs...
Rossi46Doctor::LeBron = HOF numbers, will retire w/o a ring
ScalabrineSwag::Heat seem to be struggling lately...  in the last two weeks they are 4-4
Aicyla22::well its been nice as usual, but freedom is calling, ill talk to you guys tomorrow, have a goodnight. GO HEAT!
Lomax66::Peace
Dem_Canes_Man::alright homegirl...I am out too.  later Lomax and runtheball22!
Aicyla22::Im not ready for the Mavs, I need a break, Thursday is too soon.
Lomax66::Nobody here knows what goes in in that locker room. Anyways, I bet the Mavs have been looking forward to this game after the complete 100% embarrassment the Heat put down on them on their celebration day.
Dem_Canes_Man::Odom's mind isn't right....that LA trade hurt him for real...the guy is damaged.
Dem_Canes_Man::yeah...but the Heat should handle them at home.
Aicyla22::he's back and getting booed by the fans
RunTheBall22::ha ha , yeah your right, I'm not even sure if Odem is back with the team. lol
Dem_Canes_Man::lol....Thanks to the lock out! :)
Dem_Canes_Man::@ lomax  lol...that's good bruh!
Lomax66::Pat has the control to the Lojack installed on it.
Dem_Canes_Man::@ aicyla...yeah....Spo got the keys to Lambo right now...and everybody got to stay attached to the wagon. lol.
Aicyla22::i felt bad for van gundy, but idk what went on behind the scene
Lomax66::That guy just likes to come in the boards and troll on the Heat and Lebron. It's always that way when I am in here and see him.
RunTheBall22::how did you feel when Pat took over for Van gundy when Shaq got him run out of town. I thought he was doin a good job
Aicyla22::which is fine, but you just said odom will get 33 i mean why 33? why not 31 or 32 or 14 or 147, you're just pulling a # out of your ass and the odds of that actually happening are slim to none.    I love Pat I was calling for him last season, but i realized Spo is the chosen one and I refuse to question Riley.
Dem_Canes_Man::yeah...but Pat would have been in their chests! Spo's presence isn't as commanding as the godfather! :)
RunTheBall22::I don't like to predict scores, thats why I never give an exact score just maybe how much a team might win by. and usually I will just ball park it, like they will win by 8 maybe 12 points
Aicyla22::let me ask a serious question runtheball, what do you and others like to predict exact scores?   @canes man.  I agree but Pat would have had a brain aneurysm if he was the coach last night.
Dem_Canes_Man::@ Run:  There are times wherein you seem sensible.....but then you come back with this....smh.   oh yeah...good job on the "BOOK IT" reference....I forgot.
Dem_Canes_Man::@ Aicyal...yeah I saw that. Those are the times that I miss Riley on the bench! Pat wouldn't be having that.
RunTheBall22::Odem goes off for 33 points and Dirk shows why the Mavs are the champs. Mavs by three. BOOK IT
Aicyla22::well embarrassment didn't seem to work for them last night. they're very complacent, i see an extreme lack of effort when i watch them play.  I mean did you see that inbound pass from lebron, he didn't even look to see who was around.
Dem_Canes_Man::they should win....it's a winnable game for them..  I would think that they have to be embarrassed by their play.
Aicyla22::you got that right.  whats your thurs prediction?
RunTheBall22::The heat are lucky they play in a time where there are only a handful of good teams. LUCKY
titosly::the heat are lucky im not in the NBA
Dem_Canes_Man::excellent sir!
Kobe62pts_Mavs61pts::Naw they are lucky they are in the east lol
23smooth1::I'm a hugh lebron fan i am disappoint in him by not prove his critics wrong with a type of playing with passion attitude  and winning attitude in his game lebron need to have a mindset in his head i am going out there to shut my critics up and showing the others best ball players in the game today i come to play and win and this is my year playing attitude i would really love to see him prove and showing people worldwide and great champion ball players over the years Lebron James i am a champion player with the others who had make it totally clear how many time they was champion player in there nba careers i know he can do it he just have to show it know doubt he will go down as the top 10 greatest players to ever play the game of basketball
baseballbasketballman::Is this Chris Smoove
Alejandra7788::I didn't like any of that!!!
phx090::u used like 500 words, and didn't use one comma or period. C MON MAN!
MrEASports5::lol
Kobe62pts_Mavs61pts::All I seen in this post is wah wah wah im a virgin
MrEASports5::Well its clear to see the reason the heat lost last night..there bench did produce nothing...
MrEASports5::This is gonna be an interesting playoffs this year..
Lomax66::The Heat blew them out 3 times this year. They were bound to win once.
RunTheBall22::it may only be march but there is only about 15 games left and little practice time so I don't know if this whole it's only march thing means there is no reason for concern
Dem_Canes_Man::In 1999....the Knicks got there as a low seed.....and lost to the Big Fundamental and the Spurs.....regular season didn't matter more than the postseason, and it never will.   If this was NCAA football, you have to hang on to every single game.
RunTheBall22::I don't hang on every loss but I will be worried if in the last few games the bulls are not playing good ball. you always want to be playing at a high level goin into the playoffs.
Dem_Canes_Man::yes...the Mavs proved that they were better than Miami last year in a best of 7. A 7 game series will always determine that because the sample size is appropriate enough to determine the best team, or who matches up better.
Dem_Canes_Man::I am not disputing this....if you have followed my logic, you would see that I am not totally dismissing the regular season, I just put more stock in postseason play than anything. When the Heat lost to the Bucks earlier in the season, I wasn't worried. Basketball is a funny sport....things can change so quick, but you can't hang on to every win and loss in the regular season...it would drive you mad. :)
1mproperDancing::I would argue that the team that wins it all when it counts is the best team anyway.  Miami may have had more talent on paper, but championships are won on a court (or field), and Dallas was the better team.
RunTheBall22::all I said is it can be. look at what the Giants did in there two super bowls, and the Cards and Mavs last year, you get hot at the right time and play your best ball when it matters the most and the best team will not always win. look at all three Champs from the big three sports last year.  especially the Mavs, don't know how you can't know this this?
Dem_Canes_Man::so momentum is greater than talent?  momentum is momentarily....talent is a constant, no?
RunTheBall22::talent was not greater than momentum last year was it? almost every year in one of the big three sports a low seeded team gets hot at the right time and makes a run. last year it was the Giants, Cards, and Mavs.  it's not always the case but momentum is huge, and like last year momentum can be greater than talent.
Dem_Canes_Man::After watching ball for almost 2 decades...i will continue to rest in the fact that playoff basketball triumphs regular seasons every time. The Heat lost 5 straight last year..and everybody was going crazy....I didn't, because overreacting is to easy to do.   plus...talent &gt; momentum. :)
RunTheBall22::you keep saying it's only march as if there is nothing to worry about, when this is not a regular season. little to no practice time means if you are playing bad ball you don't have any time to try to correct it, you have to do it on the fly. and no regular season does not matter once the playoffs begin but momentum goin into the playoffs is always a big factor. if your not playing good ball heading into the playoffs that is something to worry about.
Amaze76er::Bulls vs lakers or spurs finals...and we already know any team that comes out the west is winning..
mintzerkj4eva::Miami lost to SAS this year?? Trolls just making up stuff now smh
Dem_Canes_Man::lol...  I think that it was chadhenne07. Die Hard Bulls fan.
Dem_Canes_Man::This board probably got around 10,000 comments.
titosly::anyone here think that rose is better than wade?
Dem_Canes_Man::the majority of Bulls fans....
RunTheBall22::that guy is not my home boy and Wade is a great player who has a ring. at this point in his career I don't think Rose is any worse but it's not like he  is all that better. Wade can do some more things  than Rose just because of his size but I think Rose could be better if he improves. right now it's about even, maybe slight edge to Wade
Dem_Canes_Man::ok?!?  your homeboy Chad was in here proclaiming Rose being a better overall player than Wade....
RunTheBall22::well it's not like he is any worse
Dem_Canes_Man::WashFlokie calling someone a kid, tough guy there  =======================================  Question: how does this make me a "tough guy"?
WashFlokie::Child please
WashFlokie::Kid, go back to work
Dem_Canes_Man::?
peezyfreshbaby57::Spo should have a meeting with the fans. We could coach better then him!
Dem_Canes_Man::I don't know if that would work in March...if the Heat are tripping in May/June...then we can make that happen.
peezyfreshbaby57::I want Eddy Curry to get more run! He did have one yr when he averaged 14pts a game! Its hard to see what he can do when he's is always riding the pine(no ho.mo)
peezyfreshbaby57::Offensively Eddy Curry may be a better option though. Not mention Ronny is undersized at center.
Dem_Canes_Man::yeah...he is. I just don't know why EC is not getting reps.
Dem_Canes_Man::that's probably not going to happen since Rony is on the set.
Dem_Canes_Man::one thing I would say about Chad...he is passionate as any fan I have witnessed on here.  irrational and ridiculous at times.....but very passionate.
Carl8221::Passion like love is blind and can lead to trolling ! ask pidhizi
Dem_Canes_Man::lol @ Carl! I hear you man.
PidhiZi::Sources: heat lost to jennings and del fino 2 times in a row LMAO
chadhenne07::the heat lost to the top 4 teams in the west- spurs, lakers, OKC, clippers, and the bulls beat 3 out of 4 teams in the west -spurs, lakers, clippers, and have not yet played the OKC- so the heat only beat lower class west teams and east teams....but everyone wants to talk about the bulls S.O.S.......when we beat orlando 3-1 and heat vs orl is 2-2 and bulls beat the west
mintzerkj4eva::Miami didn't lose to SAS
Kobe62pts_Mavs61pts::I was pissed at that bulls vs lakers game. Lakers had that game. Lol
Kobe62pts_Mavs61pts::Fresh out of the lockout
chadhenne07::lol good block by deng huh
PidhiZi::oh snap!! lebron just texted me and told me to stop!!!
Carl8221::I hope all chicago fans arent as classless as the ones on here ! Time will tell ,june isnt far away!
Carl8221::Heat fan since inagural season , you didnt like the bulls till MJ
PidhiZi::ok bandwagonee LMAO
Dem_Canes_Man::Ok fellow Heat fans:  I need some pointers to address in the players only meeting:  *Riley cleared me earlier in an email.
peezyfreshbaby57::Well I know its players only but maybe Spo should have a meeting with the fans. We could coach better then him!
WashFlokie::Captain special pants wants to know what he missed on the chat board everyone
WashFlokie::Dem Canes show back up on the board  "What did i miss"  dewche
peezyfreshbaby57::Bosh start rebounding
Dem_Canes_Man::@ Peezy!  number one on the list...I will make sure to have that tops on the board.
WashFlokie::Sign Kenny Powers
WashFlokie::calling someone a kid, tough guy there
Dem_Canes_Man::I had to handle something here at work kid...
WashFlokie::just a joke, now im a troll? your the troll for leaving and then showing back up to post obvious crap
WashFlokie::kid? troll? embarrassed? sign Kenny Powers
Dem_Canes_Man::kid...you are over your head in this one....trolling will only get you embarrassed :)
PidhiZi::thats right! bulls have been HARDLY a full team and still in first wow... and they started the schedule in the west coast taking on kobe and murphys cute face lol
PidhiZi::lebron and wade to chicago straight up trade for Lucas III would be ok i guess..
ScalabrineSwag::Bulls are so much better then the heat it is not funny.
Dem_Canes_Man::of course the Bulls are much better.....that's obvious.
chadhenne07::this is the 5th time the heat have lost back to back games.....and the bulls have not lost back to back games all year and we are banged up
PidhiZi::if lucas III was traded to miami and lebron came to chicago..miami would benefit more and chicago would lose more LMAO
GBM04::ok jr. time to go back to the basement.
PidhiZi::lmao u mad????
PidhiZi::lets see here.. the Bucks beat miami twice and john lucas III beat the heat LMAOOOO
chadhenne07::tom thibs knows how to win games against elite teams
GBM04::All by himself???
PidhiZi::lucas III beat lebron HAHAHAHAHAHAH
PidhiZi::hahahaha miami fans hahahahahaah
phx090::If i had to pick one player to have on my team to help win a championship. Im sorry, but it would be Kobe. The guy just has that will to win, that Lebron doesnt. Also his ability to play well, and win through injuries. Lebron cant really play through injuries as u have seen the past few nights.  Who would u guys want on your team to win a championship?
Carl8221::Im joking , kobe is great but id still have lebron
WashFlokie::i would pick Bill Russell
Carl8221::Lebron , Kobe is too inefficient .Plus he had a free ride to 5 rings
MrEASports5::please log off and go watch tv
phx090::look at the stats. 25+ points in 14 consecutive seasons.
Kobe62pts_Mavs61pts::I doubt the last 2 rings were a free ride
Kobe62pts_Mavs61pts::I would pick prime Kobe. This year he better win it all because his starting five is stacked
GBM04::Lebron or Kobe, either one.
Aicyla22::not kobe, why would you pick a player thats that old?
Aicyla22::yea which is why I'm saying it now, he's not in his prime.  think whatever you want 62pts_
WashFlokie::lol myspace
Aicyla22::hes not playing badly at all, but how many years does he have left in him realistically?
Kobe62pts_Mavs61pts::You wouldn't be saying that in his prime. Aicyla I even bet your not an nba fan but on here treating this like it's myspace
phx090::He can still ball, not like afro Kobe but at the age of 33, and 16 seasons in the NBA, id say he's doing well
ScalabrineSwag::DROSE
PidhiZi::hahhhha lebron lost to lucas III hahahahhaahaa
chadhenne07::lucas made lebron look like a rookie
PidhiZi::john lucas III took care of the situation lmao
PidhiZi::john lucas III took care of lebron the other week LMAO
GBM04::Yup, Lucas is a first ballot  guy....
PidhiZi::brandon, stop talking to me, im too good for u! ughhh as if!
brandonlee561heat22::You mean "poster boy"?
ScalabrineSwag::Reasons bulls are better than last year:  -One more year of team chemistry. - RIP(when he plays) -Rose cant be stopped -Emergence of JL3 -Brewer improved his jump shot -Taj is an animal this year
titosly::bulls got a really good defense but their offence is questionalble
Aicyla22::you forgot to put (when he plays) next to roses comment too
Kobe62pts_Mavs61pts::You forgot about asik also
ScalabrineSwag::Oh yeah...Asik is less awkward this year.
chadhenne07::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fiTz_RMp6mE......................lol, in this song the game says a line "I got a million dollars says lebron don't win a ring" lol
chadhenne07::the song came out when lebron was killing the est when he was in cleveland
chadhenne07::just thought it was funny and so far he's right
GBM04::ok
Aicyla22::and?
Carl8221::I bet after miami wins a championship a lot of these haters will change their username to save embarrassment ,I bet !
Carl8221::They cant say wade carried lebron without refering to shaq and kobe or MJ and scottie
PidhiZi::i bet when miami will lose again miami fans will say, theyve been only 2 years together, and that theyre still gelling lmao dork
GBM04::No, theyll say Wade carried Lebron.
peezyfreshbaby57::Mike Miller (right now) &gt; RIP Hamilton (right now)
brandonlee561heat22::everyone &gt; Rip
Kobe62pts_Mavs61pts::Why would you name your own kid rip
PidhiZi::richard u nerd
ScalabrineSwag::His real name is richard.
LeBron has commitment issues::lolololololololololoolool
PidhiZi::GBM04,   stop private msging me asking if ima female and to facebook you!!!!!!!!!!!!!
brandonlee561heat22::Do you say this everyone?
GBM04::Im thinking he wishes we were messaging him
PidhiZi::r u still mad cuz i ignored your IMs on here?!?!?!?!?!
Carl8221::barkley,ewing,nash, iverson,malone,stockton,reggie,  just to name a few greats with no ring. Trust me Lebron will get at least one.
Carl8221::Didnt like my own comment u $@% but if you want me to!!
GBM04::thank you
PidhiZi::stop liking ur own comment u nerd
ScalabrineSwag::Want to know who does have a ring though?  The man, the myth, the legend....   BRIAN SCALABRINE
WashFlokie::Brain the Victory Cigar Scalabrine?  sucks to be a joke of a player, eh put the Cigar in, we got this
chadhenne07::last year is as far as miami will ever go
GBM04::ok
Aicyla22::i guess that means he's better than lebron...
GBM04::As a bench warmer
GBM04::rarely
ScalabrineSwag::He played on the celtics.
Amaze76er::The bulls are taking the heat out...bulls have improve much more then what the heat has...bulls are like detroit pistons 04 with a superstar rose..
GBM04::Dwight Howard -7 years, no ring Carlos Boozer-9 years, no ring Elton Brand-12 years,no ring Carmelo Anthony-8 years,no ring Josh Smith-7 years,no ring  Shall I go on?
GBM04::Kwame Brown, very high expectations coming in..
titosly::none of those players are on lebron's level,,
peezyfreshbaby57::Pls do....
WashFlokie::Karl Malone
chadhenne07::J.J. Redick - 8 years no ring, dont forget that
GBM04::him too
Aicyla22::and those are only current players GB
chadhenne07::why are u naming players like elton brand and josh smith???
GBM04::Why?? Shouldnt they carry their teams?
chadhenne07::yea but why dont u name superstars, those guys arent title contending players anyway
GBM04::Just naming players who havent won yet
chadhenne07::in the last 10 games bulls are 8-2 and heat are 6-4 and the heat are fully healthy and bulls have 2 starters out
peezyfreshbaby57::Were without Mike Miller actually! And I would hardly consider Rip an important piece! He's good ol Mr. Glass all yr
Aicyla22::miller helped us more this season than we heat fans realized
WashFlokie::Mike Miller is the savior? he alright, but c'mon
chadhenne07::mike miller are u serious.....like i said heat are fully healthy
Aicyla22::and your point is what exactly?
Aicyla22::haha if by better you mean older than yes you are
ScalabrineSwag::We are better this year.
Aicyla22::oh yea sounds like what everyone said last season, then what happened? your boys got knocked the fuck out
GBM04::yup, its over lol
ScalabrineSwag::Heat are falling apart.
peezyfreshbaby57::Lebron really should have sat that game out and gave his shoulder some rest!
peezyfreshbaby57::My bad.....
Aicyla22::its okay you scared me, i was thinking he hurt his shoulder and his elbow!
Aicyla22::his elbow?
ScalabrineSwag::"Shoulder injury" more like attention getting scheme.
ScalabrineSwag::BS that lebron is hurt.
GBM04::You know this?
titosly::a player like lebron should have at least 2 rings right now,  it show that he doesn't have the drive to go to the next level
33jihad::kevin durant no rings?
WashFlokie::23 years old?
titosly::how am i crazy, he in the conversation for the best player for the last 5 or 6 yrs yet with no rings
peezyfreshbaby57::LeBron played in Cleveland with nobody else on his team... He should 1 from last yr though, when he joined Miami
WashFlokie::Karl Malone?
33jihad::u are crazy
23smooth1::Miami Heat need a yelling coach who will take on lebron and wade and bosh and rest of heat players   a coach who more like i run this $@%!$@ team y 'all do what i say or not y'all not winning no $@%!$@ championships
ScalabrineSwag::Lebron would never go for that though.
