Ray Waterman::What's funny is that the bandwagon Heat fans were once bandwagon Laker fans.  Such a vicious cycle.
George Jimas::ya, it's actually hilarious. my stomach hurts because of how funny it is.
Ray Waterman::Guilty conscience?
George Jimas::Ray Waterman the majority of miami fans are fans of lebron. they liked him in cleveland, and now they like him in miami.
Jody George Prats::Can we all agree seeing the Lakers lose never gets old.
Adam Youman::yes. but neither does seeing the heat lose
Richard Thaxton::No
Jabari Akil::Don't care what ANYONE says, D. Wade is a top 15 player still.
Adam Youman::as evidenced by his performance in tonights game. o wait...
Jabari Akil::Adam Youman 19, 5, and 5 on 54% with almost 2 steals. Who cares if he didn't play tonight.
Adam Youman::Jabari Akil im just messin with ya
Fabian Garza::These are close games because Spoelstra tries different lineups even if they are not working. I'm guessing is for certain players to get more comfortable with each other and not only rely on LeBron/Wade/Bosh. To me this is a double win for the Heat because backup players get more playing time. Greg Oden is still a liability because he still very rusty, but he is looking very good. If the Heat are healthy come playoff time, mind as well skip the playoffs and give them the championship. Nobody will stop them full force. Wade is probably not gonna miss any games after the all-star break which can explain why he is not playing right now even though he is perfectly fine.
Alan Ogg::A breathe of fresh air to see someone with high basketball IQ like yourself on here talk about the Heat. I agree with your entire statement.
Autry Cassell::wade is soft
Peter Vrouhas::Your comment, has forced Pat Riley to show us his Chesshire Cat grin of confidence.
Kervin Vancol::Ready for another L laker fans? Lol go heat.
Renee Pantoja::Not a heat Fan but I hate the Lakers.
Alan Ogg::Renee Pantoja Goldenwest
Cj Alexander::sure we ready, now get 13 more championships and then call us
Jody George Prats::Heat 103  Lakers 87  James 34 12 10
Adam Youman::so his first triple double this year then? doubt it
Steve Ungar::Adam Youman Why not?  He has had a bunch of almosts, and the Lakers are not strong on defense.
Adam Youman::Steve Ungar thats the point. the lakers blow. why would he even play the whole game
Mad SammyBoy::FUN FACT: This is the tenth season of the Lakers as 'Kobe's team.' Assuming they finish the year with a losing record and miss the playoffs (which I don't think anyone doubts is going to happen), that will mean that, in the decade as 'Kobe's team', the Lakers will have failed to win 50 games six times, will have been a lottery team twice, will have lost in the first round three times, and will have been swept out of the playoffs twice.  The Black Mama has indeed left his mark on this team.
Renee Pantoja::If your stats are correct I really like them. I'll just assume they are. Thanks.
Mad SammyBoy::Renee Pantoja   They are indeed. Feel free to use them!
Shawn Bento::Lakers suck
Josh Jordan::How did Kobe make the all star team? Much less, get named the starter? He's played like 3 games this year, They need to change the all star to where it's either Select by committee only, or Have it to where you have to play x amount of games before the all star game to be eligible. Someone's gonna get snubbed because of it.
Jihad Struggle Lee::It pisses me off if somebody good gets left off, because of kobe, who has played (like u said) 3 games
Jeffrey Nicholas::He won "most popular" and nothing more. It completely invalidates using all star appearances as some kind of metric for how good a player is.
Alladin Jafar::Jeffrey Nicholas Calm down, he's not gonna play so someone will take his spot.
Jeffrey Nicholas::For all the talk about the NBA being a finesse league, James plays physically and people certainly get physical with him.
Jody George Prats::Laker Nation 2014:  Population 1 Drunk Guy
Fabian Garza::Greg Oden getting better and better.
Jihad Struggle Lee::Yep!!!!
Fabian Garza::"KD MVP? Not so fast."  -King James
Shawn Bento::the MVP is KD's to lose
Adam Youman::yea lebron going 5-9 from the freethrow line. just hand him the mvp now
Ho Lee Fuk::lecry
Sabrina Zackery::lelame
Ikie SoIkie Lee::LeBosh
Steve Ungar::Since the Pacers lost, I beleive we will be blessed with a far quieter board today.  8-7 against over .500 teams, they are not a danger when they have to face a real team in the playoffs.  Let them have the #1 seed, just like the Bulls in 2011 and 2012, it won't make a difference.
Sameer Tendolkar::false. this indiana team is miles better than those bulls teams. a stronger defensive outfit, and a more balanced team, plus they have real depth. indiana beating miami is very possible in the playoffs.
Neal Keithley::Sameer Tendolkar Dont forget about OKC
Sameer Tendolkar::Neal Keithley i agree. durant is playing out of this world right now. if the season ended now, Durant would be the MVP. and this team is missing westbrook too right now.
Jeffrey Nicholas::Bosh has really solidified his place in the all star game over the past couple weeks. Nice to see him get involved in teh offense.
Shawn Bento::Never mind the Heat struggling with a bad Lakers team... they will be trounced at home by OKC two games from now.
Jabari Akil::They will? Good insight.
Shawn Bento::Glad you see things my way.
Ayn Bland::Bosh is STILL carrying this team?
Kervin Vancol::W is still a W.
Nolan Hughes::Yeah, b/c getting 26pt all while shooting 60%, 6 assists and 13 rebounds is nothing special. Bosh has 0 assists and just 6 rebounds and he is the center. Bosh is having an amazing game but to say that Bosh is carrying the team is crazy!
Ayn Bland::Nolan Hughes Pfft...  Bosh scored 31 on 68% shooting.
Dodger Laker::Win or lose I'm w/ the Lakers!
Ikie SoIkie Lee::Church!
Jody George Prats::Kobe never complained about this being a finesse league when he was scoring 82 points on Toronto and going to the free throw line for getting breathed on. Has there ever been a bigger fraud than Kobe? He's the fakest tough guy in NBA history.
Ho Lee Fuk::still has 3 more rings then leflop
Jody George Prats::and three less mvp's.
Josh Jordan::What's next? he's gonna complain about some players being a ballhog?
Charles Nicklis::The Miami Heat are going to improve their record to 37-7 over the past 2 seasons vs the vaunted Western Conference tonight.
Jabari Akil::Why do the Lakers need Nash? Marshall is doing just fine. 10 points, 3 boards, and 9 assists on 44% shooting.
Jody George Prats::One game?
Kervin Vancol::Jody George Prats and he's more young....way more young.
Jabari Akil::Jody George Prats Actually the whole season.
Jihad Struggle Lee::No Haters tonight..... WOW!!!! COOL!!!
Leland Wong::Wade is out again so it is going to be mostly LBj again, DW has missed 13 games this season already and in most of the games that he played he was a non factor that's why LBJ may not play for the Heat next year.
Steve Ungar::False.  12 games missed, 6-6 in those games.  But in the games he has played, he is averaging 18.9 points, good for 30th in the NBA.  Better than people like Howard and Parker.  http://espn.go.com/nba/player/stats/_/id/1987/dwyane-wade  Best shooting % and 3pt % in his career.  And his other numbers match his championship numbers.  His PER of 21.97 is 20th in the NBA, MUCH better than Kobe, for example, with his 11.34 PER.  As for the LBJ leaving the Heat rumor, it is nothing more than that.  What team is better built for him to join than a Miami team with Wade, Bosh, Allen, Chalmers, Andersen, Cole, and now Besley and Oden?  If he leaves, it will be the end of his title run.  The Heat are his best chance to win it all, and he has shown that winning is more important than stats to him.
Jason Peters::Steve Ungar...  Prob one of the best replys I have ever seen. Nice post Steve.  (I have no dog in this fight either, I don't have a fav NBA team)
Byron Wilson::Steve Ungar what does Kobe have to do with this argument?
Steve Ungar::Funniest part, they lose by 24, and their trolls say "Well Pacers are getting ripped off by the bad officiating."  Yeah, the refs allowed 124 points.  Meanwhile the Pacers whine to the refs the most, despite the fact that their "tough" defense gets far fewer foul calls than the Heat, but their outside offense get more calls in their favor than the Heat team that drives to the basket.  The refs conspiracy claim by the Pacer trolls is just another lie in their string of lies.
Genya Kilimnik::Lol got nothing better to do than hate on the best team in the league I see. Pacer's did not lose due to poor officiating last night but the poor officiating did not help their cause also. They get fewer foul call's because they foul less.
Genya Kilimnik::Not saying you guy's are not the favorite to win it all still, I picked the Heat to win preseason the last two season's and I am a Spurs/ Pacers/ and Bobcat's fan. I picked you guy's again to three peat but this one will undoubtedly be the toughest for you guy's. Still in a 7 game series Miami should be favored over anybody. But the Pacers are getting better, also this resting Wade every other game seems like it will backfire especially you guy's lose most of the one's he does not play. Anyways I foresee 5 + team's that can possibly take you guy's out come playoff time. Anyways Why does everyone who is not on Miami bandwagon = troll?
Genya Kilimnik::Dont get me wrong I like the Heat but this is the worst I have seen them look since the big 3 assembled.
Trever Meenen::Can't wait till Lefraud James is found to be on steroids... keep losing that hair and go bald and look like a 40 year old in the process you and your Greg Oden Father
Dan Kast::So thats why Oden looked like he was in his 40s his rookie year
Ryan Johns::Bitter Lebron haters are the worst. Since you can no longer say "NO RINGS!", you've resorted to expressing your pathetic fantasies about him being caught using steroids and making fun of his hair. A part of me almost wishes that the Heat just keep winning just to see how people like you continue to dismiss Lebron's success.
Trever Meenen::Well Carmelo Anthony can join a team with a star that already won a championship by himself and win a championship if he wanted too.   James couldn't do it alone and last year it was only because of Mike Miller and Ray Allen they won that championship
