cSSk2011::wow ray allen hitting 6-7 from the 3.......against the wiz  keep it in check celtic fans
DontRageBreh::I think Boston needs to trade one of the big 3 ( hopefully Garnett ) at the deadline in order to pick up future trade value either 1st round pick or young big man to swing in a deal including Jeff Green in 2013, dont know what to do but feel like something needs to be done to land a max contract type of talent in 2013.
StompOnFailtics::John Wall is a MASSIVE joke!  LOL @ WIZ fans thinking he's the next elite PG.
Dwayne_Johnson23::Washington Wizards =   http://evoshblog.files.wordpress.com/2010/04/give-up-cat.jpg
gwaller8::When will there be a stat line for how many times KG hits opposing players in the twig and berries area?  That is his "go to" move, you see...
Merriweather Brown::I see Perkins is having his unusual steady season for OKC.  He's averaging 6 points &amp; 5 boards which are right in line for his career averages.  The Celtics really miss him-  LOL
Merriweather Brown::Let's see, he doesn't score. he doesn't rebound, he doesn't block shots. Oh I see, he tries to intimidate with his tough stare down.
WddNews.com::Traded away a shot at the titel last season.  That's what he traded away.  It adds to calling this a bad trade because they got no value.  Kristic and Green may never play for the Celtics again
KungFuHustle1981::In a way it was a bad trade because Kristic is gone and Jeff Green is out for the season, we in essence gave up Perkins and Nate Robinson for nothing. I don't know if Kristic is better than Perkins but I do think he had alot of potential but for some reason Doc did not trust him, he got almost no PT against Miami in the playoffs.
Merriweather Brown::Because the fans keep saying Ainge made a bad trade. He made a good trade - got rid of a no skills player for value.  Ainge couldn't foresee Green would have a heart problem. And besides, Kristic is better than Perkins anyway - a 7 footer with some offensive skills. It was a mistake letting Kristic go.
KungFuHustle1981::Damn why do you hate Perkins so much? if he was as bad and as useless as you say we wouldn't be talking about him now nearly a year after he is gone.
KungFuHustle1981::Perkins doesn't have to score alot of points to make his presence felt on the floor.
TheDags0513::Alright, have a good night C's fans.  As always, Rondo
chocolatethunder.::Im completely prepared to ride this season out with the Big 4 and whatever fluff is put around them. If they dont make it..so be it. The Big 3 gave us 2 Championship appearances and a Title. Im not greedy.
Jdzspace::why obviously not as a starter? he is productive enough to play as a starter. and is accurate enough to deserve it.   i see nothing about his game that says he couldn't be a starter until the day he retires
Jdzspace::i say he wouldn't slow down much until maybe he hits 40. but his conditioning is too good to break down soon
chocolatethunder.::Hes 36 btw.
chocolatethunder.::I dont know when that would be. Probably in the next two years or so. I know one thing....I got tired watching him CONSTANTLY running around screen after screen ALL NIGHT...with Young desperately trying to keep up. It was tiring. Hes a beast.
Jdzspace::when would that be? look at him now at what? 37? maybe when he's 44 he will finally wear down. . . but even then. i don't know
chocolatethunder.::I mean if he wanted to play beyond the point where he could no longer go for 35 minutes a night.
mark-kazer 07::yeah, the big three deserves more than 1 title. sigh, hope they were younger....
TheDags0513::He is a machine.
chocolatethunder.::I really think Allen can play until hes 40 or maybe more. Obviously not as a starter..but he could still play.
TheDags0513::Allen only gets younger. He's the Benjamin Button of basketball.
TheDags0513::Poor Perk in game 6. What could have been.
Merriweather Brown::Perk sucks. And he sucks with OKC too.  A real no skills guy.
TheDags0513::Any updates on Zbo?
chocolatethunder.::One more would be great though! :)
Jdzspace::good lord Ray allen has a gorgeous jumper. . . man
raven.5200::And yet, still noone guards him.
LibbyNation94::no one can guard him, he's always moving and coming off screens.
chocolatethunder.::It truly is a thing of beauty.
TheDags0513::He is the last of his kind. You won't see that come out of college anymore.
TheDags0513::Seriously, Sac will open up and try to trade Cousins in the next week. Who can the C's offer?
chocolatethunder.::Hypothetically though, i would not really want to give up to much for Cousins
TheDags0513::Alright you two win. But I wouldn't mind seeing Cousins on the roster.
Jdzspace::exactly
chocolatethunder.::Long term maybe a good fit, but Boston is not playing out this season just to lose in the second round again. They want to win. Whether they can or not is another story...but they "think" they can win. Getting rid of any of the BIg 4 or even Bass would kill that.
TheDags0513::Rebounds! A big minus for the C's.
Jdzspace::agreed nebula. could be a big gain, but not towards a championship, only towards rebuilding
TheDags0513::Boston is a perfect situation for Cousins. Great talent, poor attitude. A great coach and veterans to get his butt in line.
Jdzspace::and the Kings need to put butts in seats. .. . REAL bad
TheDags0513::Like about to bounce a payroll bad!
Jdzspace::Sac owners have said they aren't going to trade Cousins. and Cousins said he never demanded a trade.
Jdzspace::he's was worth whatever Glen Davis and Von Wafers contracts were worth
TheDags0513::What's Bass worth?
Jdzspace::yes they do, the salaries have to match. he's not on the market, they can't get anything more than he's worth in trade. and they want to keep him because he's good and puts butts in the seats
chocolatethunder.::I dont really know, im not that keen on the business aspects of the NBA.   I just know the lockout is over and we're playing ball.
TheDags0513::Do they?
chocolatethunder.::Dont the salaries have to match?
TheDags0513::Cousins is 3.5M but worth a 15M player. They want a real offer to come in.
chocolatethunder.::What?
TheDags0513::Cousins will be traded. It's like when Otis says Howard isn't available. They want the best offer.
TheDags0513::The poor Knicks: I feel bad for them.  However, the C's still have some issues... other than the great Rajon Rondo.
godfatherg9193::76ers will still win the atlantic
TheDags0513::Can I please have some of what you are having?
Jdzspace::after all the crap that Knick fans talked after barely beating us on the strength of bogus tech (that were rescinded by the league for being bogus) without Pierce. about being top in the Atlantic and blah blah blah. . . funny how we dropped 3 straight without Pierce, and won the next 3. . . and are STILL on top of our division.   god the Atlantic sucks!
Jdzspace::yeah, i told them that day that they weren't good. I mean we had no Pierce or obviously Pietrus, and those 2 bogus techs. and they thought they were on our level on the strength of a 2point win in those circumstances?  what a joke. we have had a lot worse losses to the Knicks over the years. which is why i thought it was funny
TheDags0513::Pretty much. Most Knick fans have now shut up and realize how stupid they sounded at the beginning of the year. Their confidence is cyclical like that.
chocolatethunder.::I like your style.
TheDags0513::He was worried after Cousins demanded a trade.
chocolatethunder.::In all fairness though, Rondo was only "C" Rondo tonight. Made some nice plays down the stretch though. Defense was fine.
RaidersCelticsRedsox::dont ever trade rondo or consider it danny....he's just too good all around and has too many intangibles....and he's a team player which is what we like in boston...we don't need a "chucker" on this team...it won't fit our "team" ...what we've learned from last year before the perk trade is not to mess with chemistry! ....good game c's keep the streak goin! night everyone.....UBUNTU.
chocolatethunder.::I was already prepared to hate Ainge if Rondo was traded. No matter who they got in return. And i was all set to become an instant fan of whatever team got Rondo.
chocolatethunder.::You have to remember, i have been following Rondo since Oak Hill. Long before he was a Celtic.
chocolatethunder.::Are you not a fan of the Kings?
Jdzspace::hmmm. . . . i guess
chocolatethunder.::I didnt say i would stop being a fan of Boston.
Jdzspace::nice Celtic pride nebs
oreed-tittletown-boston::well do feel danny will do something really dumb before trade deadline...
chocolatethunder.::If he will put Rondo on the block after what Rondo did for Boston last year...anyone is fair game.
jrmcool320::the C,s will likely  keep ray a, next year and paul p. , k g i think will retire after this season , if ray plays the way he is playing or even close to it  the C,s would be crazy to let him go , i say retire ray as a celtic along with paul p. ...  rebuild this team around them 2 and rondo and let KG show j johnson the ropes ,,,  hmmmmm  could pan out for them in a big way .... will see..   GO CELTICS ...
Jdzspace::i know it's a business, but i still hate it. I've always loved Ray, and he has already taken a huge paycut and shown nothing but loyalty to the Celtics. I know it's probably unrealistic to have the Celtics retire his number, but dammit I want him to be a Celtic until he retires. anything else is unacceptable
Jdzspace::I cant' imagine him just hanging it up. ... I mean can you? he seems like one of those players who will play until something literally forces him to stop
chocolatethunder.::I took it to mean it was his last season for good.
Jdzspace::he has said little things over the years, that just make me feel like he won't be in Boston for the rest of his career.   remember him saying if there was a lockout he would retire rather than come back?   is it his last season for good, or is it his last season in Boston?
chocolatethunder.::Kg has implied that this is his last season.
Jdzspace::I feel like Pierce is a lock, Ray is a real possibility.   but for some reason, I expect KG to be gone after this year. I don't know why. .. .I just have that feeling. like he won't take less money, like he'll go somehwere else
chocolatethunder.::I dont want to see any of those 3 guys leave Boston. I want all 3 of them to retire as Celtics.   And much later, Rondo too.
Jdzspace::If Danny tries to trade Ray Allen, I will go to his house and murder him.
oreed-tittletown-boston::Antoine suck, i hate when he shoot 3s from half court
Jdzspace::but he was a home grown Celtic star. how long was he with us? like 11 years. he WAS the Celtics until Pierce came onto the scene
chocolatethunder.::It would not sit well with fans.
chocolatethunder.::I never liked Walker
chocolatethunder.::I didnt say he wouldnt do it.
Jdzspace::Didn't stop him from trading Antoine or GP or Perk did it?
oreed-tittletown-boston::what? why would he trade 1 of the greastest shooters ever?
Jdzspace::because he can get a top young guy for him. and he has zero loyalty to such an amazing player who has love for the city and the franchise and wants to retire a Celtic.
Jdzspace::so KG plays in 5min bursts now? is Doc going to be able to stick to that?
Jdzspace::are we counting Rondo as a veteran?
Jdzspace::fair enough
chocolatethunder.::I really meant one of the Big 4.
chocolatethunder.::Yea
chocolatethunder.::Yea Doc is fiddling with a different rotation. I like it. Pietrus will help. There always seems to be a veteran out there now.
chocolatethunder.::"You know what I hate is that everybody knows who Greg is now. He's not our big secret anymore. Like I said, he has uncanny instincts, can block shots like anybody else, man, like no one I've ever seen. He doesn't look all that fast and quick and explosive, and I think that's kind of his mystique about him. I told him he's in the league now, so he's not going to be that much of a mystique any more, not much of a mystery. But, truth to him, he's worked his behind off to get to where he's at, so I'm just happy for him."  - Kevin Garnett
Jdzspace::did Tommy really compare Stiesma to Bill Russel? wow, he can stop that right now
oreed-tittletown-boston::tommy sure force it sometimes too:)
Jdzspace:::p
chocolatethunder.::lmfao
Jdzspace::Blatche likes to relieve himself on Boston from time to time
Jdzspace::i'm going to watch the game on league pass. this should be fun :)
chocolatethunder.::RAWR!!
chocolatethunder.::http://a.espncdn.com/photo/2012/0102/bos_u_stiemsma01jr_200.jpg
chocolatethunder.::LMFAO  http://a.espncdn.com/photo/2012/0102/bos_u_stiemsma01jr_200.jpg
chocolatethunder.::I wish Stiemsma would wag his finger at somebody after a block .
Jdzspace::then you could call him the snowy mountain
oreed-tittletown-boston::how many total blocks Stiemsma has this guy is foreal he has that tough guy look, he needs a nickname i can't get use to Stiemsma
oreed-tittletown-boston::ahhhaha JO the lottery ticket...
oreed-tittletown-boston::"the Rain Check" is nice thou:)
oreed-tittletown-boston::snow balls
Jdzspace::well KG is the Big Ticket  so how about Steimsma can be "the Rain Check"
Jdzspace::or "the lottery ticket" because the odds of him having a good game.   lol
Jdzspace::and JO can be "the Raffle Ticket"  cuz let's face it. . . you just never know
chocolatethunder.::haha
oreed-tittletown-boston::The Prince of Punch
Jdzspace::he is the Stiemroller!
chocolatethunder.::I watched Rocky recently.
chocolatethunder.::He is the The Master of Disaster, The King of Sting, The Dancing Destroyer, The Prince of Punch, The One and Only, and The Count of Monte Fisto.
Jdzspace::Bass said. “Usually I’m getting set up. Rondo is setting everybody else up, all the playmakers out on the floor are setting other people up. But I’m really excited.   another testament to the greatness of Rajon Rondo  let it be spoken in the streets and recorded thusly
Jdzspace::David West made a HUGE mistake
oreed-tittletown-boston::rondo would make howard a beast
Jdzspace::Rondo makes everyone a beast! and he's making Bass look incredible
chocolatethunder.::Doc, Pierce, Kg, Oneal all praised Stiemsma after the game..haha.   Kg is proud of his pupil. :)
Jdzspace::i'm thinking hall of fame. . .  what, first ballot?
andehhhhhhh::Jermaine O'Neal one night, KG and Rondo the next, tonight it was Truth and Ray Allen. I love how this team is a team where anyone can be that guy to step up on any given night. Bass is playing like the beast he is, Steimsma stepped up tonight. People who say the Celtic aren't deep are crazy. This team has mad depth!
Jdzspace::we could have a very high scoring bench on our hands for the first time since. . . . .  I dont know, 2004?   we got a seemingly automatic 15 from Bass we get 5-8 from Quis that puts us at 20 automatically every night.  we have Pietrus who SHOULD (unproven) give us 10 off the bench then we have Keyon and Stiemsma and Wilcox, who could combine for what? 6-10 points a game.   we could have a bench that averages almost 40ppg. .. . that would be awesome
Jdzspace::same here, i expect 10ppg from him.   but i also expected that out of Marbury, and Nate, and Murphy. . . . . so now, i have to see it before i put any stock in it.
chocolatethunder.::Im really curious to see how Pietrus plays in this system. He seems to have the skills that would fit perfect in Bostons system.
Jdzspace::why not see what pollard is up to while were at it :p
chocolatethunder.::Wilcox is going to improve a lot once he gets used to playing with this team. Hes much better than hes shown so far.
Jdzspace::Even better, if true.   if not, we could always waive him and pick up Posey.   i would prefer that, for the record
chocolatethunder.::Stiemsma will go from NBA D-League DPOY to NBA DPOY
Jdzspace::i know, i know
chocolatethunder.::haha..i was only joking.
Jdzspace::it depends on how the NBA wants to market Dwight. . .it's all politics with that particular award
truth speaker 123::Boston has zero chance against the Bulls and Heat. Just being realistic so dont start crying.
citygirl_565::lies....how we dnt got no chance against the heats but we almst cam back to win the game....if pp was there we would have won
Jdzspace::it's not realistic. the Celtics can beat the Heat. . yawn, no problem.   the Bulls on the other hand. . . their coach knows everything about our team and players. so that one might be true
chocolatethunder.::I think its safe to say now that, at the very least, Stiemsma is a legitimate NBA role player.
Jdzspace::but who else should be shooting?
Jdzspace::lol, i prefer Bass taking the shots. but Stiemsma still gets his. which is cool too
chocolatethunder.::Stiemsma
Jdzspace::well that was before Pierce came back. . you know he's good for 15shots a game, and Ray averages around what? 10 per game. give or take
chocolatethunder.::Rondo was leading with like 12 a game i think. They spread the ball so well. Fatty will take some shots from Rondo
Jdzspace::he'll take shots from all the starters. but not from bass
Jdzspace::or atleast better than the corpse of jermaine o'neal
chocolatethunder.::I was looking at it a couple of days ago. After 5 games only Kg and Rondo had taken more.
Jdzspace::he's only taken 11shots per game.
Jdzspace::I was more impressed by the 14/7 off 49% shooting with .4 turnovers and .8 blocks.   we just need Quis to drop 10 and Pietrus to drop 10 and we will have one of the top benches in the league
chocolatethunder.::Hes also taken a sh-it ton of shots. I think the most on the team.
chocolatethunder.::Bass is a real scorer. He can shoot the jumper and post up. Hes a great FT shooter too. His defense has been better than advertised. I was looking at Defensive Ratings for players the other day and Bass had the highest of any Boston player.
Jdzspace::on another note, i have been looking at the numbers comparison between Bass and Glen.   is Bass really THAT much better than Glen? I mean if you look at the numbers, Bass looks like an all-star by comparison of course
chocolatethunder.::He was solid. He made a couple goofs that i noticed on rotations and allowed some easy buckets but he made up for it. Kg will school him up some more.
thenextfederer93::it's rough being a wizards fan..... :(
citygirl_565::ahaa!!
P.C..::Celtssss. gotta pick it up. even is okaay tho startin out. esp witout Pierce   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejrAa9vUiXc&amp;feature=plcp&amp;context=C34c5013UDOEgsToPDskKA1hm8MrBjD1nxzCSZ8iaY
skeetajohnson2k12::Taunting? Technical Foul? Was Wall the first person to ever look the guy who was dunked on? The NBA is flat out stupid now.
Jdzspace::i agree, but they called Perk for one of those like 6 years ago after he defecated on Bynums head.   it happens. . .
chocolatethunder.::RAY ALLEN IS SHOOTING 22/36 from 3 POINT RANGE (61%)   THATS FILTH
Jdzspace::it really is. . . . it's nice being a fan of the franchise who has had two of the greatest shooters to ever grace god's green earth .   good times
Jdzspace::and i loved Ray Allen before loving Ray Allen was cool
Jdzspace::just got home from work. I have to admit, i was expecting the worst for this game. 2nd night of a back to back, 3 games in 4 nights.   thank god for Jesus :p
chocolatethunder.::Whats up dude.   I love Ray Allen.
TomBradyG.O.A.T::It's all about 18!!!!!!!!!!
oreed-tittletown-boston::can people be easy on john wall he's 21 years old. he will be a beast one day
chocolatethunder.::Indeed. People are overreacting way to much. Its not like hes surrounded by great talent.
Jdzspace::if he thinks that, we would gladly take Blatche and McGee off of his hands.   we would even give up Bradly and the Corpse of Jermaine O'Neal. . . . he was an all-star . .. .once upon a time :)
TheDags0513::WTH is up with John Wall? He needs some Cousins for assistance.
CosmoKramer1444::Why is Rashard Lewis playing 40 minutes when Vesely is on the bench????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Constantinius III::John Wall won't be a bust bust.  He will be one of those players who has a relatively long, if mediocre career, because of a one-dimensionality and an inability to take it to the next level.  See Marvin Williams.  Wall is having too much fun doing the Dougie and visiting strip clubs to work on his body control and jumpshot.
P.C..::walls straight. hes only in his 2nd year and his handles are too nice !
skeetajohnson2k12::Wall is already better than Marvin Williams. WTH are you talking about.
chocolatethunder.::This is true.
chocolatethunder.::Wall will be a bigger impact player than Marvin Williams.
jeterjones05::John Wall will be very good... once he stops turning it over so much!!! hes only 21 years old... and kind of a top 10 point in the league already
CosmoKramer1444::Because you can obviously see the future.
CaptainReachAround::Hey! we're in first! Another win then we've got Dallas, Indiana, and Chicago. We'll see what Celtics 2012 are made of. Go Cs!!!
Simply__Amazing::Ubuntu!
RaidersCelticsRedsox::i have that tattooed across my left forearm
Biz9990::Can we play the Wiz tomorrow night too?
RunTheBall22::In no way are the strong getting stronger in the NBA, what the crap are you talking about?
ravenisthebest7::Weak getting weaker is the equivalent.
ravenisthebest7::So you can continue to expose why the NBA hasnt gotten any better? Strong get stronger, weak get weaker.
chocolatethunder.::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VYKS-Os8h30  .
CosmoKramer1444::Porn.
smart1n::I'm out. Good Game  Night Celts Fans, Non-trolling Wizard Fans
Truth D. Antagonist::the Heat convo has like 10,000 comments. it's like Christmas all over again over there. HAHAH.
chocolatethunder.::They deserve to be troll bombed
forktailed-devil::lol well, it is the miami hype ...
citygirl_565::haha....Knicks and Heats lost!!
jeffery6803::signup and help fight SOPA  https://donate.mozilla.org/page/s/SOPA?source=sopa_page
Bala88::Celtics 4th eastern conference only because they are in the crappiest division in history
barrk0::NL Central
