5891jonathan::Alaska resident here. I watched Boozer all through high school. He was a beast. I think he has regressed.
rharder444::Go Griz.
JWayMac42::This CURRENT team is TOO MUCH for ROSE and NOAH to carry for a Championship.  No reliable 2 guard and the MOST OVERRATED FORWARD TANDEM in the NBA.  Tyreke Evans and Rudy Gay should be fiercely attained and BOTH are available according to NBA SOURCES for right price.  Keep ROSE and NOAH everyone else is trade bait!!!
mccoywajmu::Tyreke evans shoots 26% outside the paint.  He is a pathetic jumpshooter.  And Rudy Gay is, and continues to be overrated by fans.  Especially bulls fans
I BONKED LEBRONS MOM::FUN FACT: Bulls are a huge joke
DatGuy8921::No your attempts at being funny and original are a joke.
Dominic10002::Good job Grizz!!!
DatGuy8921::Must've been horrible to watch for both teams.
veatmond::bulls should have kept the bench mob, this bench sucks.
btpkk::they do miss Korver
mccoywajmu::Marco Bellineli is a better scorer then korver.  Korver is a better stand still shooter.  And Korver is in atlanta with a bad back this year.
mccoywajmu::They dont miss anybody but Omer
favofJC1967::I have been using this betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I doubled my starting balance and made almost $3,000 my second month using this system. If you search google for sports betting systems you can find the system on the first page of google. If you bet on sports at all you gotta check this out.
nonaligned::I lost tons of money using this system.
bulls32032::Thibs needs to start giving Teague minutes, Hinrich has just not been cutting it, stop kissing a veterans butt and do what is best for the team. Thibs is a good coach but as with all good things there is always a bad side, too stubborn and he needs to be more flexible starting now. Did you not learn your lesson when D-Rose went down?!??!? smh
Oscar Robertson::Jeremy Lin was saving his best to play teams like the Lakers, Spurs, and the Knicks.  For instance, he has scored 38 points against the Lakers, 38 points against the Spurs, and he has scored 22 points, 4 rebounds, 2 steals and 8 assists against the New York Knicks tonight.  Jeremy Lin was averaging 26 points per game during his Linsanity era with New York Knicks.  It appears that Linsanity is still alive in this the world. Jeremy Lin has earned my vote for the All-Star.   This win tonight has assured Lin to become the starter in the All-Star game  Jeremy Lin owns the New York Knicks this season because he is 2-0 against them.
sPYKeR_01::no matter how freaky rose's acl injury was....  the truth of the matter was, the bulls had the game won and thibs still didn't trust his bench to substitute rose who just came back from long layoff because of an injury !!!!  deng is bound to have a serious injury this season @ this rate... if not, deng would cost the bulls some games wis his missed shots late in games bcoz of fatigue!!!!!
mccoywajmu::and if noah played 30 mins anight and deng played 33 mins a night and bulls were 9-14 people would be up in arms saying how overrated thibs was a coach and how bad the team is.   Thibs is doing what he has to win games.  Thats the first job of the coach.
DatGuy8921::No, It was not Thib's fault.  The Sixers were actually clawing back in that last few minutes when Rose was off the court.  So what was a coach to do?  Let the lead shrink away and let the other team back into the game?  Rose and Thibs just got the raw end of the deal.  People who blame it on Thibs are stupid.
roy2daboy::Grizzlies and Titans won tonight.  Woo Hoo!!!!!!
Neil826::both teams shot horribly, and with the best player not on the court for the game it's hard to take much from this game.
Grindhouse2413::Ugly game on both ends. Our bench showed up and put us up and we ran with it from there. Go Griz Nation. Next up are the bucks.
sPYKeR_01::another stubborn observation from thibs....  if only deng's minutes is managed properly he would be more efficient. deng himself admitted in a game this season that when he got more rest in the 4th quarter, he welcomed that with open arms and it showed, he was performing better on offense... the game against boston and la clippers, it was clear he was fatigued and it showed, he kept on bricking his shots late in the game.... the bucks 27 point collapse was the perfect example, they lost the game because thibs doesn't trust his bench!!!  butler has shown his abilities in limited minutes but thibs is stlll cautious with him...
Flying Through Madison Street::&amp; he left rose in the game against philly in the playoffs which led to the acl injury
mccoywajmu::I wonder why Deng hasnt torn his ACL yet then...since he has played more mins then anyone in the NBA since Thibs became the head coach.  People need to figure this out and come to grips with this, Derrick had a freak injury.  Point blank period.  if it wasnt that game it would of been the next practice or the next game.  Doesnt matter, it happened its over. Move on
koneil318::71 points. Wow.
Da Bears-Bulls-Sox::Rip and a 1st round pick for Tyreke Evans
Flying Through Madison Street::or maybe deng boozer and taj for tyreke and cousins
mccoywajmu::Yeah..you arent serious at all
Flying Through Madison Street::They need more
mccoywajmu::You cant be serious
Flying Through Madison Street::What about rip boozer taj and bobcats first round pick and our first round pick   for  Demarcus Cousins and Tyreke Evans
martymcfly1984::NIKOLAAAAAA MIROTICCCCCCC!!!!!!!!!! NIKOLAAAAAAA MIROTICCCCCCC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Da Bears-Bulls-Sox::I can wait a year right??
sPYKeR_01::boozer's disappearing act on offense is not his fault!  it's thibs fault coz he wants the offense to be distributed to the open man! well, posting up boozer leads to open shots for his teammates!!!!  why shy away from that tactic????  boozer was great in the 1st quarter and they had the lead bcoz of him!!!! when he was double teamed by the grizzlies, he passed to an open teammate!!!!!  damn!!!!
sPYKeR_01::i hate boozer's defense as much as any bulls fans but he is the only consistent scorer on this team but thibs doesn't seem to utilize him to the max...  boozer doesn't have to shoot everytime! he can be a decoy... &amp; he is a really good passer and team player...  him having the ball almost always lead to good results!
Flying Through Madison Street::LOL HAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA  Wooh what you are saying is true but sad at the same time because that is how bad our offense is
Flying Through Madison Street::Lol are you boozers agent I mean ok boozer can score but man you are acting like he is Shaq in his prime
FoxKat93::This guy on FB just called me a bandwagoner and LBJ fan because I said Kirk sucks. lol. Dude is avg. 6 ppg. both the 2nd and 3rd stringers are doing better than him.
Flying Through Madison Street::lol and at least bandwaggon fans get to see their team win titles this is getting old   But I will always be a bulls bears and cubs fan
Da Bears-Bulls-Sox::Someone please explain this to me: Why the hell does Hinrich play? Let's see here he can't score, he was brought in here to defend and he hasn't done that very well either. Let Robinson and Teague play. Robinson actually get guys involved and can score and Teague has been playing great in the times hes played. This is getting annoying. 2 years 6 million for Hinrich while O.J. Mayo has a 2 year 8 million contract to score 20 ppg and shoot 53% from three point range. Nice job Gar and Pax.
bulls32032::How is Hinrich a "safer" move than OJ Mayo, even in the off-season I would prefer Mayo over Hinrich any day of the week as far back as the past 2 years. Gosh gar/pax smh
mccoywajmu::1. They needed a PG 2. OJ wanted to go somewhere he would be "guaranteed" a starting spot, bulls werent going to guarantee him anything nor should they have.  You come in and earn your spot in the rotation.  But at the end of the day Mayo is putting up numbers on a bad team, which is what he always has done.  When memphis sucked he put up 18ppg, when they were good he was an above average role player.
martymcfly1984::they don't make moves that make sence. They passed over Jamal Crawford too and he and Rip are getting paid the same kind of money. Surrounding average players around a star like Rose isn't enough. I think Cleveland did the samething with Lebron. I think we know how that turned out...
mccoywajmu::Rip was a better fit for Rose's game.  He cant stay healthy though.  People kept saying they needed a STARTING SG to replace bogans.  Crawford has shown repeatedly he is at his best as a 6th man.  Rip is a starter but he is a cripple so
Flying Through Madison Street::Bulls are all about safe moves we will hear a bunch of trade rumors at the deadline but we will hear we love our core guys and no trade will be made
mccoywajmu::Tyreke cant shoot at all and his numbers have gotten worst every year of his career. Toronto has no reason to trade derozan.  Monta is completely overrated and incredibly inefficient.  What is he shooting 40% this season?  And if thats what im getting from my 2 guard along with his sieve like defense why do i want him?
Da Bears-Bulls-Sox::That's where this organization goes wrong. We are to "safe" sometimes we need to risk and make a trade. Evans, Derozan and Ellis can all be had right about now.
FoxKat93::Since Thibs' tenure, I have never hated any player on the roster, but Kirk takes the cake.
The Bat of Adam Dunn::I missed the game, but I don't understand. Teague played lights-out the last couple minutes of the Nets game the other night, but tonight he gets a DNP? Was he hurt or did Thibs just decide he wasn't worth the risk?
martymcfly1984::the second 1 lol smh
FoxKat93::Thibs was being stubborn and decided to go with "experience".
FoxKat93::Flying Through Madison Street - Thibs played hinrich almost the whole game and hinrich played horrible  No disagreement here.
Flying Through Madison Street::Thibs played hinrich almost the whole game and hinrich played horrible
sPYKeR_01::thibs being his usual fuc...king stubborn self!!!  he is really an aS.s pissing me off!!!!
sPYKeR_01::the bulls brought in boozer to score some hoops! not to defend!!!! people always bash on boozer coz of his low numbers on offense!  but if you look @ the bulls offense, boozer is not the focal point of the offense most of the time eventhough rose is injured that is why his numbers are still down this season! look @ the 1st quarter, boozer was roasting the grizzles coz he got the ball almost everytime and when he was double timed, it almost always led to assists but again thibs being his usual stubborn mode, let boozer disappear again on offense!!  that is why utah was so successful during his stay there, coz he was the number 1 option! &amp; utah almost won everytime because of that!!!!
sPYKeR_01::that is why i don't understand why they won't post up boozer everytime on offense, when they do, it almost always led to baskets!  if the defense of the opposing team catches on, boozer passes to the right open man almost everytime!!!
sPYKeR_01::look @ the 1st quarter of this game again and u'l understand what i'm saying
Flying Through Madison Street::Lol
Flying Through Madison Street::Lol im still not sold on boozer but I get your point
ScalabrineSwag::Boozers fadeaway jumper is close to unstoppable if he could consistently hit it.
ScalabrineSwag::Seriously though. Hinrich needs to move to third string. He is just not an offensive catalyst and cant play d.
KillaKane24::martymcfly1984 I think its obvious that the people critizing love both teams but if their playing like trash I'll tell u. It's just bad and it's time to get better point blank. They lose the same way each year and that goes for both teams. If every1 can see whats the issue why can't these guys fix the s#it. Not fair weather fans but not stupid fans either _______________________  I'm feelin ya.  I don't really follow the Bears since I had moved away from Chicago before I picked up football, but my cousin keeps me posted.   Just wanted to make sure you know the fair weather statement wasn't directed towards you either.  Just came across this article today and figured my comment would have some comedic value.   http://espn.go.com/chicago/nfl/story/_/id/8754820/brian-urlacher-says-booing-chicago-bears-soldier-field-unbelievable
Chris75448::Got some fair weathers here, all saying these players need to go, become die hards and support your team.
Chris75448::If the bulls would if won then there wouldn't be as much hate.
martymcfly1984::U do realize that Kirk  Hinrich is trash, Boozer is stealing money, Thibs is stubborn and the Bulls have a roster that only goes 8 deep and Butler doesn't get alot of minutes. Not accepting mediocrity doesn't make u a fairweather fan. I watch every game but they need to get better. Looking at the roster b4 the season, I think we all can agree that this is what we expected this season.
CTYHNTR::Its one thing to blindly follow all the terrible whims your teams management makes for the sake of being a "die hard fan".  Its another to make suggestions as to what would make your team better.
Chris75448::Yes it's a bad game bound to happen and fans demand for players to be traded.
KillaKane24::Well said, both of you!
Flying Through Madison Street::You do not have to be fair weather to state the obvious like kirk hinrich is bad and etc  You are the type of fan Reinsdorf loves fill up the seats why he never pays the luxury tax
ScalabrineSwag::i take comfort in the fact that we lost to the best team in the league tonight and played them tough.
CTYHNTR::Memphis is good, plus they have tougher competition in a deeper conference.
martymcfly1984::agreed
FoxKat93::Did we really? Memphis was played atrocious as well, but not as bad as the Bulls.
FoxKat93::ScalabrineSwag - look at their record  That still doesn't negate playing poorly. We've won ugly a lot of times.
ScalabrineSwag::look at their record
wayman007777::Ive been using this bet system called sportsbettingstar. Ive made around $3,000 a month profit using this system the past couple of months now. You will find the system on the first page of google by searching for sports betting systems. If you bet on sports you gotta see this.
yosemite noah.::for real man if you're here now  you're a true fan. gonna suck wen all the trolls and  fairweathers are back once rose returns
martymcfly1984::I just wanna see my team win. I WANT BRAGGING RIGHTS GOTDAMNIT!!!
Flying Through Madison Street::But every good team has bandwaggon fans
KillaKane24::That's actually WHY I am here now.  Most of the Bulls and Rose haters from Miami have moved on. I'll be gone again when Rose gets back.
ScalabrineSwag::no heat fans are still terrible dbags
KillaKane24::lol
Flying Through Madison Street::yep
FoxKat93::Thibs really is stubborn. That game against the Heat last show where he benched Rose shows what can happen if you let a player with a bad night sit. In Kirk's case, bench him for the rest of the season because he isn't improving. It could do wonders for the Bulls. Just split the time between Nate and Teague with Nate starting and Teague finishing. Kirk is a cancer to the team.
Irish Gator::OH!  And one more laugh... If you missed Clyde Frazier's outfit tonight, it's worth a look http://t.co/QhQK3sBC
Irish Gator::Chicago Sports are just down.  Give it a year or two.  We'll be right back there at the top! :)  G'night everybody!
Neil826::chicago doesnt buy wins though like those cities.
martymcfly1984::they need to start. This isn't a 2nd tier city
KillaKane24::It's hard to accept when you have a other metros like Boston and New York who seem to have a team making noise every year.
sPYKeR_01::i would pray everyday that hinrich has an ACL injury @ some point so that teague can play!
martymcfly1984::damn thats kinda F^cked up
sPYKeR_01::being over the top but sadly the only way thibs would play teague!  another observation, if boozer is the focal point on offense, they score almost everytime!!!! he has good post offense and a willing passer!!! but thibs always want deng to get hot!  why shy away from what is working???!!!  again thibs, you are stubborn!!!!!   damn!!!!
Irish Gator::That's not something you should be praying about... Basketball is just a game, bro.
yosemite noah.::just leave him in memphis
Flying Through Madison Street::woah
yosemite noah.::kirk to star in the next season of walking dead
Irish Gator::LMAO
Irish Gator::Well f*ck... Thibs is beginning to plss me off.  71-80?  Really?  Jesus Christ...
sPYKeR_01::lillard would sure warm up the bench if he was drafted by the bulls!  thibs is a good tactician and motivator as a coach but he is so fuc...king stubborn!!!  thibs always say performance warrants minutes on this team but he isn't applying it.  hinrich continues to struggle but he keeps on playing him simply because he has the most experience @ this point!  for sure when rip comes back, belinelli would be non existent again!  what's the point of defense when you can't score on offense!  you are an aS.s thibs!!!
bulls32032::Hopefully he realizes this, like c'mon man!!! lol
martymcfly1984::Other players see this too and see how stubborn he is the great coaches make adjustments
martymcfly1984::Teague is probably the only guy on the team that can get his own shot...
MemphisTn7414::Good game Bulls. Go Grizzlies!
yosemite noah.::point guard from kansas the corpse of kirk hinrich
yosemite noah.::Being a fan of Kirk Hinrich is damn near impossible.
HawksCubs10::Damn, started off great and then just fell apart?  Didn't watch any of this but I presume that's what happened.. must have been a boring game.
BullsGR8TistFAN::THE WAY WE ARE PLAYING THIS YEAR.......  THEY SHOULD NAME US THE GRIZZLIES AND LET THEM TAKE THE BULLS NAME...... IT'LL FIT.....BEARS SUCK. CUBS SUCK!....  DEPRESSED.
KillaKane24::Leading the Division without D-Rose.  Unless he has a set-back in rehab or gets hurt the day he gets back, we'll be okay. Still a playoff team man.  But yes...Cubs suck! Go Sox!!!
CTYHNTR::Anybody who believes this team with or without a recovering Rose is good enough to not only beat the Heat/Knicks in a 7 game series but then beat the best the west has to offer is smokin some serious stuff.  Personally since the Bulls staff sucks at trades, I think they should have tanked the season that wasn't going to amount to much anyway and hope for a good draft, a nice young athletic guy to help Rose out.  I know Im alone in that thought though, yay for more bad trades in the future.
KillaKane24::@ctyhntr - A playoff ticket is a playoff ticket.  Ask any 9-6 NFL division winner.
KillaKane24::Bulls weren't that close to a ring to begin with.  I honestly don't think we were built to make the ECF every year before the Rose injury and bench mob dismantling anyway.  Just too much pressure and reliance on one player to carry a team.  It works in the regular season just fine. Playoffs are a different story.
CTYHNTR::Bulls are currently leading the worst Division in the NBA.
martymcfly1984::I never doubted Playoffs but they are far away from a ring... Rose and Noah are the only guys that are untouchable. U can have Deng depending on what Their getting back. It's just sad watching this team play. I want some more damn athletes!!!
yosemite noah.::thibs would of had kirk starting over rose if he wer here in 08'
KillaKane24::No doubt about it.  He probably wouldn't have grown up as quickly as he did, or been the 10-11 MVP.
FoxKat93::The only thing Vinny was good for.
Flying Through Madison Street::Yeah he would
Flying Through Madison Street::raidertatonmyarm2 - yea thast why rose needs to start playing adn stop being a girl stragit up look at adrian peterson  Adrian Peterson was out  almost a year Football just takes a much longer break than basketball
martymcfly1984::BULLS AND BEARS SHARE THE SAME PROBLEM LOL
KillaKane24::No offense? Or fair weather fans? lol
martymcfly1984::although finding fair weather fan in Chicago is common place
martymcfly1984::I think its obvious that the people critizing love both teams but if their playing like trash I'll tell u. It's just bad and it's time to get better point blank. They lose the same way each year and that goes for both teams. If every1 can see whats the issue why can't these guys fix the s#it. Not fair weather fans but not stupid fans either
yosemite noah.::Last time the Bulls scored less than 70 points was Jan. 2008 against the Timberwolves. Hinrich also was the starting PG then
Chris75448::They scored more though
wayman007777::I have been using this betting system called sportsbettingstar the past couple of months. i have made around $3,000 a month just following this systems picks. If you search google for sports betting systems you will find the system on the first page of google.
KillaKane24::roy2daboy Looks like our neighborhood Celtics troll has nothing to say now.     GRIT N GRIND BI..TCH!!!!!!  ________________________  Why on earth do you guys have a Celtics troll?  Someone explain that one to me.
Flying Through Madison Street::lmao
yosemite noah.::its just that wer asking players to do things that they're not used to doing deng and bellinelli are good but not at creating offense. they have to play off of somebody.  kirk cant create for his teammates anymore cus he cant beat his man off the dribble.
raidertatonmyarm2::the bulls played so wack man i doint know what they were freakin doing please dont eve play bball like this again bulls really 71 points really d rose can get 71 points if he ever shot as much as kobe did
raidertatonmyarm2::and rose does shoot a lot
