Charles Reaves::glad we got the W last night but I am starting to question the rotations.  Mason didn't get any run and he is a str8 energy guy who is very athletic - not that bad to keep him on the pine ALL NIGHT.. JET got one minute and hit one 3 during that span - he cant defend but he is a shot taker and a shot maker... is this team that deep and/or good that neither one of them should sit the entire game?
Sean Patrick Coon::it's hard to get everyone in the game. i'd rather see 8 or 9 get into a rhythm and then rotate guys from game to game.
Charles Reaves::i agree with that - i been watching Mason and really think he can contribute a lot.  if JET dont play, i am fine with that bc Anderson is playing good for them..
Randyl Ybanez::Joe Johnson has been paid 20M plus almost in every season in his career..How could his score just 2pts..I mean this guy is way too overrated to be paid that much and average just 15 pts a game in his career.. lucky player!.. He's good, no doubt but the inconsistency is horrible when you try to look at the stats every game!..
Davor Dujic::His is and always was HUGELY OVERRATED, distinctly AVERAGE player , NEVER a superstar but making superstar money;  he is worth maybe one fifth of what they pay him
Davor Dujic::Nets are really the most STUPID team in NBA,. Van Gundy was 100% right - they are bush organisation.      Who else would, in his right mind, pay guy $21,466,718  to have him score 2 points in the game while playing 35 miutes and shooting 1-7 ?????  Sheer MADNES!!
Sean Patrick Coon::a) that's not why they paid him b) where were you thursday night?
Davor Dujic::He was garbage entire seqason and you know it. For this amount of money they pay him he should be in conversation with likes of Le Bron. Kobe. Durant, D. Wade, etc  - but (based on his production) he is not fit to be a waterboy for these guys, never mind to be mentioned in the same sentence with them
Sean Patrick Coon::Davor Dujic of course his contract is horrendous; that happens in the nba. remember rashard lewis? gilbert arenas? does JJ frustrate me as a fan? sure. he's not wade, or any of those guys, but he's also the most clutch player in the league, and he'll be a huge trade asset as an expiring contract in two years. if you're not a nets fan, like me for the past 32 years, lighten up.
Ryan Hastings::I remember when people were saying the Cavs should trade Kyrie instead of Dion Waiters.  I think trading either player would be insane, but this is what the Cavs are minus Irving.  A team that struggles to put up 80 in regulation.
Jon Zimmer::you do know the difference between trade and give away don't you?  I'm not saying they should trade either but trading Irving would bring back productive player you don't just minus him from the line up and add nothing.  Also building chemistry with a new rotation  due to a trade is a lot different then just pulling a starter out for a injury.
Ryan Hastings::It's highly unlikely they'd get anything of equal value for Irving or Waiters.  Waiters has the potential to be an elite SG and Irving is one of the league's best scorers and draws for ticket sales.
Jon Zimmer::Ryan Hastings  I wouldn't want to do it, especially not waiters he's my favorite Cav,  But in the short term a trade like that wouldn't automatically make us worse.  It could always end up like the Melo trade where you end up with a more complete team in the trade.  I would much rather build around our current core I've been wanting a Waiters jersey since we drafted him but all the trade talk made me nervous as long as he survives the trade deadline I'm going to go out and buy one.
Joham HiiPower Cherisme::Without KG,Im happy Blatche is back,this should be a good battle between Varejo and Evans on the boards
Spenser Duke Blevins::Jarrett Jack blows, Delly and Waiters should be getting all the PG minutes!
Ryan Hastings::Agree 100%.  Should be Dellavedova starting PG with Dion as the backup.  Play Sergey Karasev as the 2 off the bench and just start Bennett and let him roll.  The Cavs are going nowhere, you might as well start giving Bennett real playing time instead of 2 minutes here, a minute here.  People always look at his stat line and say "oh, 11 minutes 0 points, etc."  but he's coming off surgery, with no training camp, came into camp out of shape, is trying to get his legs under him, but he's only getting 1 or 2 minutes of play at a time.  The few games where he stayed in for real minutes, he produced.
Spenser Duke Blevins::Exactly, players have to get into the rhythm of the game, its really time to say either the young players make a low seed or lottery bound. You know what the vets will give you and it mediocrity and losses.
George Chip Thayer::This was a mike brown loss.  You can NOT have jack playing more minutes than waiters ever.  And I want to seeire waiters and TT at the end if games.   Brown trying to replicate that once in a blue moon win by playing four guards.   Turible.
George Chip Thayer::Too bad the Cavs are on the road as the Nets would be an easy win, but on the road it'll be a difficult task.
Hoang Duy Nguyen::And with kyrie not playing, this offense look horrible against the magic without him.
Damon Flyin Solo Evans::Actually it didn't the move movement was very good. Yes they struggle. But of course they would with kyrie taking 20-30 shots. Kyrie is a great scorer but have alot of growing to do as a playmaker
Ryan Hamersley::Damon Flyin Solo Evans Yup, way more assists than we normally have against the Magic, Kyrie is a ball stopper, sadly.  Not a good sign out of your PG.  If the Cavs could hit open shots, the Magic game wouldn't have been close.
Craig Pettit::Go Cavs !!!
Genya Kilimnik::Big win for the Net's dont think they are a threat but still as a fan of Prokhorov I want to see the team succeed. I just dont think putting together this group of unmotivated guy's was a brilliant idea. Still I think they would have beat the Cav's even with Kyrie who in my eye's is a top 3 pg that team is just as miserable and much less help for Irving than there is for Deron William's. Still these are sadly two team's with high hope's at the beginning of the year who have fallen flat on their face. But if you were to point a gun to my head and ask me which team has a better chance of reaching .500 I would tell you the Net's because The Cav's have a ton of issue's right now.
Lornet Prather::Prokhorov hired the 2 men most responsible for a championship contending Nets team to go into Lottery land; Jason Kidd and Lawrence Frank.  Its a sign of someone with money being almost totally ignorant of basketball and the NBA.  There's still time and money for him to learn as Gore in Detroit learned by booting Lawrence Frank outta here after getting bad advice to hire him.
Samuel Fisher::With Irving out, Waiters can prove he can be a baller, but instead he proves he still wont pass the ball.
Tazmon L'vis Sims::8 mins for the #1 overall pick...Dion wants out....Bynum doesn't want to play anymore...Kyrie has regressed....nothing from the teams 2nd first round draft pick....yeah it's the players...not coaching and Management at all they both have a great track record.....
Cvete Karamacoski::Think about this... Cavs get the 4th pick, Parker, Wiggins, and Randle have been taken, giving their current circumstances, who do they pick?
Shanny Salcedo::a power forward that isn't 6'8
Stanley Dot Chiu::lol you forgot Joel Embiid, who is projected at No.1 overall pick and has been compared with Olajuwon...
Samuel Fisher::Bennett being the number one pick surprised me. i thought they would olodipo and trade Waiters since he obviously wants to be the star.
Mang Artemio::the nets are just shooting jumpshots, their veteran players doesn't want to go inside afraid of getting hurt... smh
Shaun Mitts::Good Job Nets, You guys are going to beat two teams who didnt have their best players!  (Westbrook and Irving)
Shanny Salcedo::its ok the cavs are still garbage with irving
Jon Zimmer::Did you just call Westbrook the thunders best player?
Genya Kilimnik::Jon Zimmer : I personally do not think he is but there is an argument to be made. Don't pretend like many night's Westbrook is not better than Durant. I just think Durant is better on a lot more nights and more of a complete player. But in reality it's not the biggest stretch although I agree with you it is still quite the stretch.
Mang Artemio::maybe the nets were already celebrating in the locker room, they forgot to play defense again in the 3rd qrtr
George Chip Thayer::Congrats to the nets and a huge boo to mike brown.  Waiters with 28 min and old man jack with 38.  God brown is stupid.
Alvin Castillo::Joe johnson sucks.. all that money no effort at all... maybe he should go home and sleep..
Mang Artemio::the nets just want to shoot the 3's, cmon drive to the basket. be aggressive
Rene Covarrubias::why mr. williams and paul pierce not in the game? i hate jason kidd!!
Dave Galehouse::Does kg give back a game check when needs a night off to rest?
Shanny Salcedo::without KG, the Nets look like a championship team
Lornet Prather::The real problem is they are still paying Kidd and Frank to be coaches.  Its not really the fault of KG, Pierce or any of the players.
Shoot Jung::Confirmed win for Brooklyn Nets.
Alan Bonness::Didnt you say the same thing about the magic on the cavs last game ?
Yinan Chen::How bad can Bennett be?
Jonathan Jesus Barrios Rincon::compañero  nesecito una  ayudita  para  los  juego  de  hoy
