Michael Huang::Jeremy Lin:  34 points on 53% shooting overall, 60% on 3-pointers, 5 rebs, 12 assists, 8 TOs. Chris Paul:  21 points 50% shooting overall, 0-2 on 3-pointers, 4 rebs, 11 assists, 6 TOs.  No one criticizes Paul's TOs last night while some folks only focus on Lin's TOs while totally disregarding Lin's overall performance.  Fact is that if given the opportunity, Lin can be an elite PG in the NBA.
Ravi Mahalingam::I agree.  CP3 has flaws.  Kyrie Irving also is prone to high TO games.  That doesn't mean that Jeremy can't improve in that aspect.  He has already shown the ability to improve on perceived deficiencies.  The great ones get better each year.
Gordon Decker::people search for ways to criticize Lin.  He has had back to back 30 point games.  Without Lin this game wouldn't have been close.  Harden had 6 turnovers last game.  I don't know if Lin will ever get the credit he deserves.
Donnell Brown::dude for u to say that u dont know basketball. cp3 dont turn the ball over alot.  look back at the houston game vs  clippes cp3 23 points, 17 ast 2 stls  2 to's. Lin is a ok player not no where close to elite pg. u can tell if they r going to be a elite player within 2 years. Lin is no where close to a elite pg stop saying dumbshit like that he is trash
Fabricio Henrique de Faria::LINSANITY
Edward Lu::LET THE PUNS COMMENCE.
Matt Micros::What the Rockets need is a new coach. McHale is horrible. Looks lost in close games. The offense should run through Lin. Let him create and set up Harden and Dwight. Parsons is over rated. Lin's outside shooting is much improved. Knicks made a BIG mistake letting him go. Felton isn't as good as Lin right now and definitely won't be in another year or two.
Phillip Walker::Your an idiot McHale has been under a lot more pressure than anything he has seen hear. Jeremy Linn is the overrated one brilliant, Patrick Beverly is much more talented, Parsons is underrated defender and can do a lol of everything on offense with good size. Dude get a grip , the offense is not flowing the way it could but there winning  while still working out the kinks . I'd say he's doing fine
Phillip Walker::Yea Linn is gonna end up with a descent  game tonight.  He will also be close if not all to double figures in turnovers, by the way be sure to check out Parsons box score , 22, 6, 6, 2 , at the end of three , really what are you watching.
Phillip Walker::Beverley 10 points, 9 reb, 6 assist 3 steals, 1 block,  ZERO TURNOVERS
Laurence Chow::I believe tonight's game is validation that neither Jeremy Lin or James Harden can maximize their full potential and skillset when they are paired together on the court. As the primary ballhandler, Lin netted 34 with 12 dimes. Last year sans Harden vs SA, Lin had 38 and 7. These 2 games, albeit a small sample size, demonstrate what we knew about Jeremy at the height of Linsanity- that he's an alpha ballhandler who looks to score first and pass second. He simply isn't as good when he doesn't 'eat first'. Because Harden is considered the better player, Lin would be better suited helming the ship of a rudderless Laker team without the Black Mamba. My wish is for the Rockets to jettison him to the Lakers, though I know that that is extremely unlikely considering the fodder Houston would get in return for J-Lin. He's not a perfect player as evidenced by his proclitivty to turn the ball over, but he'd be our imperfect perfect LA superhero who'd be welcomed with all the regalia of a King. All hail King Jeremy and the LA Lakers!!!!!
Justin Porter::I agree. Same thing happend when Melo came back for the NYK.. Lin fell off.. Lin needs to have control of a team.
John Wong::Beast mode!
Michael Huang::The most 3-pointers Harden has ever made in a game as a rocket is 7.  Lin makes 9 3-pointers tonight while shooting 60% on 3s.  Regarding TOs, Harden had 9 TOs against Phoenix on 4/9/12, then had 8 TOs against Memphis on 4/12/12, and had 10 TOs on 4/29/12 against OKC.  Don't hear many Rockets fans calling for Harden's head after those games.
Donnell Brown::that is best  harden is there best player
Randyl Ybanez::J Lin should play at a high level offensive game every night which is his strength..He doesn't deserve to be a 6 man over beverly..
Scott Baker::Seems like when he is given the chance to be the man Lin usually steps up. He is having a great game.
Randyl Ybanez::Scott Baker as expected, this is going to be a heck of a game for Him..
Steven Anacker::These argument actually make the case for him being a 6th man.
James Baron::fire mcfail this guy is horrible
Wally Rouzer::totally agree should try and get george karl who won coach of the year 2013
Michael Huang::Lin is playing like an all-star
Michael Huang::Lin is just super clutch.
Guy Mann::Yeah those 8 turnovers and -9 +/- scream clutch.
Chris Blair::Lin hurt them, but at the same time only reason they were close. +/- is a horrible stat unless used to judge the whole season.
Wally Rouzer::16 points from bench garcia and the others need to step up
Robert Hawley::i think lin will have a big game because harden is out
Onichi-kun Vang::harden ball hug
Donnell Brown::Onichi-kun Vang  u r dumb to say that.  he has the green line he is the only good person on his team lol
Simon Kyun::Donnell Brown the only good person? i don't really think howard parsons and lin are scrubs...
Rob Soldo::The best thing about McHale is he gives Garcia 20 minutes and doesnt use Brewer, D Mo and others.  Houston will never win a championship with him as coach
Sammy Bissett::We would've lost before OT with D-Mo on D
Mike Vids::As a Laker fan, it's good to see the Rockets struggling, but I'm also glad to see Lin getting a chance to shine without Harden in the lineup.  It would be nice if we could somehow get him if Nash's nerve damage doesn't improve.  I tried to look this statistic up... but I'm wondering how many of the 105 players ranked ahead of Lin on ESPN's 2013 ranking ever had back to back 30 point games. Now, I don't think he's a Chris Paul level talent... but I definitely think he's underestimated if not downright disrespected sometimes because he's an Asian.
Jeremy Gingrich::Lakers Suck
Denzel Boksingero::That ESPN ranking was made before this season started. It does not even contemplate the possibility that Jeremy Lin would become No. 1 in the NBA (tied with Kevin Durant) in Points Per Shot, an indicator of player efficiency or that Lin would make it into the Top 10 among PGs in terms of Points Per Game (PPG) or No. 1 among PGs in adjusted field goal percentage.
Randyl Ybanez::This is what will going to happen if harden hurts..J Lin will put on a offensive attack, that's how talented He is.. I remember last season when james harden was out for 2 games..J Lin marked the stats a back 2 back 30+ games..COme on!..
Chad Wiggins::My gosh parsons is horrible.. what is laughable is the fact that he keeps demanding the ball, and they keep giving it to him... even tho he is not passing back to his teammates even with a triple team coming.... what a freekin ball hog
Chad Wiggins::this team does nothing  but collapse down the stretch... ive never seen anything like it... that is a sign of a terrible coach who has no clue how to play the chess game and make adjustments down the stretch
Rob Soldo::He doesnt utilise his bench well. Used 4 off the bench today up from 3 the last couple of games. I agree %100 with you there, he is not even half a coach.
Craig Keller::Rob Soldo If your pt guard starts coming up short on shots in 3rd and 4th quarter you'd think good coach could sense what problem is and take the logical step, which is give him a break!!!, but that's what separates Mchale from the rest
Ravi Mahalingam::Lin was Linsane.  He got his team a nice working margin and gave them a chance to win. I generally do not get too hung up over his turnovers, but his bad TO stretch in Q4 did allow the Sixers back into the game.  He was outstanding in the OT though.  I put this loss on Dwight Howard for being rather ordinary defensively and frankly getting schooled by Spencer Hawes at key moments.  Also, McHale really needed to go deeper on his bench with D-Mo and others.  You could attribute Lin's erratic 4th quarter to simply being tired.  He played 48 minutes after playing 45 the game before.  A winnable game because Houston had 1 superstar but he didn't really deliver when you want a big man to make his impact.
Chern Wan Yen::To all Lin only haters... Don't focus on Lin's turnovers since James harden is average more turnovers than Lin. Should we give him some credits when Lin is performing well in this game.
Aaron Lee::Gotta say though, he didn't play well in the 4th quarter...Shouldn't have gone into OT.  Three turnovers in one quarter isn't good..
Scott Baker::I think Jeremy had a great game.....ran out of gas at the end, but he did well.
Brandon Tigues::34 and 12..9-15 from 3? lol..sorry but linsanity has returned! to bad they didn't get the W though it would've made it that much better
Chen Lin::Linfinity again
Chad Wiggins::its so funny to see lin go right back to linsanity, the min u get the ball stopping ball hoggin me first harden out of the picture... they look so much better......
Jeremy Gingrich::they don't look much better to me... they lost to the Sixers without MCW. Without Harden last year the Rockets wouldn've even sniffed the playoffs
Rob Soldo::Sack this fool of a coach Morey. Just f*ck him off ASAP. Well done Philly, big props go to their coach Brett Brown who made Basketball better in Australia. He will be good with this team, both teams have a 5-4 record and you can tell who is a born coach and who isn't.
Sandor Kato::Maybe you should know that our GM is Daryl Morey and the head coach is Kevin McHale before making stupid statements like this.
Guy Mann::Wow Sandor, he was clearly telling Morey to fire McHale.
Sandor Kato::Guy Mann I misread that since there was no comma. Sorry.
Gejsi Marku::From what I see It's safe to assume that Harden needs to stay out every game.
Jeremy Gingrich::why so we can lose to teams like the Sixers? Get outta here with that nonsense. Without him we wouldn't have even sniffed the playoffs last year or got Dwight Howard to come here this year. Show some freaking respect. There's a reason why the General Managers voted him the best 2 Guard in the NBA
Zoua Yang::JLIN's 3s are NICE!!!  If he could keep it up, it will keep the lanes open!
David Willemsen::Lin 5 boards and 2 TOs away from a quadruple-double
Phillip Walker::Did you really just post that. Etc
Allen R Hovey::Lin is torching the net from the arc tonight....
