Go Lakers.::Hawks are so underrated.
qwaqqerz::15 headlines on the ESPN NBA page, including Cousins hitting Mayo in the balls (so important), yet nothing about this 13-6 Hawks team ROLLING. Oh yea, please give us more Kobe is pissed news, geez.
zdunn1785::sportsfan look at the hawks team roster though. We are in rebuilding mode  and alot didnt expect us to play good since we have alot of role players on our team. Currently  theres only 3 players that have contracts on the hawks team for next season
BoagsBeer::Hawks rule! All bow down to the Hawks!
SportsFan8916::As i said about the Hawks..they're exactly like the 76ers..more so last year than this year since the 76ers have some new players but  the whole concept of defense since the Hawks aren't a threatning offensive team is what their motto is and it's been working so far..but when they face teams like Miami despite the "close" games, they will be stopped because they lack a star player..anything can happen but what's impressive about the Hawks is their defense and that's it..playing like  a team and practicing defense will make any team look productive..we'l just have to wait and see how they do in the playoffs..the East isn't as exciting as it was since the Celtics aren't really a factor..i thought the Pacers would continue to impress but they seemed to quiet down and with Rose being out the Bulls will continue to be just ok..so the East is left with the Heat, Knicks, and developing Nets..no doubt the Hawks will grab a seat
LetsGoBraves2012::I never thought this Hawks team could win 50 games, but we just might.
RNYC::Hawks continue to impress. Wow. Shocked at the record 19 games in
SportsFan8916::they went 6-0 in the beginning of the season last year..don't they always have a decent regular season? back to back to back playoff years
RNYC::They've overhauled the roster. That's why it's surprising
NUPE-NUPE-NUPE::How the hell did Gusto get 4 turnovers in 13min?
2.3.1 Douple Play::Atlanta is by far the most boring team in the league
SportsFan8916::are they Exciting to watch? ..not really..most boring team in the league? not really..they're a nice defensive team this year  just gotta be patient with them
zdunn1785::If you think that then you dont know anything about basketball obviously.
SportsFan8916::As for the Magic..it just baffles me to see a team with decent players yet play the way they are..I just don't understand how Jameer went from being one of the best college players to non-existent in the NBA..sure College ball is different but many players in college made a nice transition in the NBA..to score 8 points a game? As I've said before..please just get rid of this franchise..being an Orlando native..we've had nice runs but it's the same result any time we do get a star player..they leave and we face another depression. Let us enjoy the surging club life and spare us from this everlasting poor saga
SportsFan8916::I agree Orlando does have some loyal fans..but overall as we continue to get an influx of people from other cities and countries, the loyalty is shrinking as Amway becomes more of a "club" attraction than team attraction..it is fair to say we are a young franchise and have had more success than other franchises that have been around for 40+ years..but the fact that the same thing keeps happening despite new management and coaches coming along is disappointing and in My opinion is just a waste..i'm sure other franchises can say the same like the Hawks who continue to have good regular season records yet can't seem to make it to the ECF but i'm speaking for My franchise
SmokeKools::most teams go through up and down years, it is the way of life. good game tonight magic!
zdunn1785::well at least you guys have had superstars and been to the ecf over the last 10 years lol
SportsFan8916::sit there and call someone an idiot before reading what i say..talk with any true fan of the NBA and they'll tell uthe same thing whether they be from Orlando or L.A...Orlando is a farm market of the NBA..we develop players and ship them off and get Nothing in return..it's been that way since the Magic franchise was created..too many times have we gone from being one of the best teams in the NBA to the worst meanwhile other teams have consistently been decent or Bad..just 5 years ago we competed for titles and now we can't even shoot 40% from the field..sure after going thru the drama with Dwight, it isn't all that surprising to understand the team will struggle until we get good draft picks but as i said the same thing will happen again..we'l develop another star player and then he'll wanna leave when he realizes a championship isn't in the DNA of the Magic
asdbluecfl::http://espn.go.com/nba/attendance
asdbluecfl::We still develop stars, it just that Orlando isnt big enough for most big players and after so many yerars want to be in the bigger lights, especially considering the "lifestyle" of most nba players. But having 8 years with Dwight, 4 years with Shaq,  4 years with Mcgrady, andy having players like Penny Hardaway and Scott Skiles playing with us in such a short history is more than most teams can say. Plus we had the third best winning percentage over the the last five years last season. I know our ownership is horrible, but you cant say there is no loyal fanbase in Orlando. We have better fans than most nba teams.
asdbluecfl::Your an idiot. And should the other 25 nba teams that dont have stars move too?? why not move most of the NHL teams while were at it! And all those division 1 ncaa teams...they should all move too since most of them dont win championships or have star players either. You are truly a fool....
SportsFan8916::Did i say they should move because they aren't good? Read what i said Idiot..there's plenty of other teams that seem non-existent in the league but as far as ME being an Orlando native and seeing the SAME STORY unfold with this team, all the way from Shaq to McGrady to Dwight..we aren't a city that attacts big names and we don't have the management to create that..not to mention there is no true loyal fanbase in Orlando..it's a waste of money for the city along with Amway..
asdbluecfl::we NEED to drop Goose. He's HORRIBLE. Plays like he's playing on a court of Parramore, fouls every time his man gets the ball. Drop AYON, and sign a real center.
asdbluecfl::*off
SportsFan8916::Hawks are playing as good as they can..they're exactly like the Sixers of last year..a team with no star player but they played as a Team with excellent defense and was able to challenge some teams in the east (Bulls, Celtics)..but eventually they will face a team with stars and be stopped..it's just the way it goes..it's nice to see them playing good defense tho..because that's really what's allowing them to compete..their offense isn't lights out but as long as your defense remains decent you have a chance to win a game
zdunn1785::larry drew is making me wonder why do we even have ivan johnson?
Mr. Bradford::Morrow was flat out terrible. 25 minutes on the floor and you go 2-11 on the field and miss all 5 of your free throws? Ouch. I guess Korver and Williams picked up some of his slack?   Glen 'big baby' Davis shut down!
John Adams 2nd prez::Don't look now, but the Hawks are a top 7 team.  With some luck, they'll be playing in the ECF.
zdunn1785::funny thing is we are in rebuilding mode this year
hecrowiii::And we'll only get better as this team gets to know each other better.  Hey, Joe Johnson, we don't seem to miss you and we certainly don't miss your crippling salary.
cjoconn82::thumbs down
Mutuum::How long until Nicholson gets the starting job?
Lemuel7043::Not sure if Hawks was playing lazy, or the Magic was playing good basketball.
Celtics 2013 Champs::uilk mk ju hfdt jrmg ofnr kkdreufjb!!!!!!
cjoconn82::lazy
XHoppa1::F.uck you Redick!!!
Passplay22::U take Orlando?
chris johnson 558::glen davis must apologize for this game
XHoppa1::$@%! you Redick!  Two shots and you brick both.
cjoconn82::under city $$....wonder with that sith character is saying its going WAY over
Passplay22::Good call.....stop while you're up. Believe me, its VERY tempting to keep pushing, both when youre losing AND winning...crazy racket we are in, eh? lol
cjoconn82::.
Passplay22::Colorado? Yeah? I was on the fence with that game.....I forgot to put in my Ohio St game tonight !!!! grrrrrrrrr !!! lol
cjoconn82::prob just call it a night, i'm 4-0 in my last 4 nba, holding it to one nba wager a night, why f it up
Passplay22::Im watchin and waitin for Brooklyn to handle business to complete my first teaser, which was this game (thank you Atl ! , lol....) Yeah, I have a feelin the Spurs gonna go over...
Passplay22::I actually teased the Grizz to +1/2 and OVER 201 in the Spurs game...lets win baby
cjoconn82::i like colorado CBB if you touch college
cjoconn82::the grizz piece should be $
Passplay22::Who u like in the Grizz game? Spurs also...
cjoconn82::wouldnt touch the spurs, -4 is fishy
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::And shoutout to whoever keeps flagging me.
kevotee::BALL DON't LIE
lookitsdeco::SHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEED
dont_hate_the_playa_hate_the_game::they just did cover...after being up 19...
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::Good game Magic  Go Hawks
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::Test.
cjoconn82::86-80 final
brawler1974::what was final
brawler1974::covered by 1 phew
Eaglequill::86- 80
kevotee::BALL DONT LIE !!!
Magic are better than you::Ugly game but good game hawks
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::Good game Magic.  Go Hawks
Michael DiPaola::final score is game final?
Michael DiPaola::espn really???
MagicBoltzRays::Magic ball. too little too late though.
JLapati82::longest 9 seconds ever
Passplay22::Lol...right? I swear they do it on purpose
shadowman-007::SCOREEEEE ?????
HawksFan2324::What's going on&gt;?
JLapati82::ESPN blows
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::John Jenkins needs that PT Coach LD. Specially on a night where we only played 8.
momoc49::no foul
HawksFan2324::what;s scroew
MagicBoltzRays::looks like Korver touched it last.
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::Tough offensive night. Another productive evening from the double-double machine Al Horford.
HawksFan2324::bull crap
chris johnson 558::big baby causes us this game he thought that he is  kobe bryant
HawksFan2324::3 ball 86 - 83
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::Fail
Passplay22::Thank you Hawks...had you in my teaser, 1 down 1 to go !! Thanks again...
lookitsdeco::whose the other team in your teaser? or was it the under?
Passplay22::13 seconds left....I have Hawks +2 so right now its 88-80
lookitsdeco::is the game over?
bighube702::14 point in 4th  gotta do better than that
italiankidad69::why only 19 minutes for Vucevic? he looked productive today
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::Magic quit when they didn't foul with 35 tics left
Big Diesel 71::Nice username
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::Go Braves!
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::Go Braves!
Big Diesel 71::Nice user name
MagicBoltzRays::why? to make it an 8 point game?
