eggrolllover6001::you can be dirks lucky star
JohnnyCapre1327::Why is B. Wright not starting in place of Christie Kwoman
rsleepo::This had me chuckling. However the answer is that B. Wright is awful.
arizonasportsman::Here is some great news for Suns and really bad news for the fLakers:  Portland plays Dallas and Utah 4 times over next 5 games. :)
cincirox73::Been following a betting system called sportsbettingstar the past couple of months. Ive made between 2-3k a month average since I started using this system. You will find the system on the 1st page of google when searching for sports betting systems.
arizonasportsman::Telfair heading to Boston?
SteveSpeedBurner::I can't tell you how excited I am about the possibility of us snagging that last playoff spot so we can get smoked by OKC.
Hondo Kid::Congrats to dirk and mavs tonite.  They got a slow start and dirk was out.  Dirk and iverson both great players.  Hofers.  Dirk has class.  Iverson unfortunately surrounded himself with idiots and ended up looking like one too.   Just my opinion thanks
Dirk Nowitzki 12X All Star 07RegularSeasonMVP 2011FinalsMVP::Dirk 18th in All Time Scoring. Congratz Dirk!!!
Hondo Kid::The most repeated post of the year award... from 2007... Is Nincompoop!  Yes you know which one.  Thank you.  Now let's move on please.
thegooddoc456::Carter is gonna pass Bird on the scoring list real soon.
jokkiii::dirk is a great player but iverson is still the best player one of the most exciting players to watch all time it sucks his career ended the way it did
amarchokshi::theres no way in hell AI is a better player than Dirk.
jokkiii::better* not best lol
Spurs Iz Da Truff2::<b><i>Mavs are a complete joke</i></b>
gabrielg817::Let San Antonio enjoy there basketball team it's all they have really..... And fiesta maybe
Jon Armdog::You should stop trolling and go to the ESPN San Antonio board...oh wait...
Boston should have been nuked by the USSR::Duncan &gt; Dirk
Jon Armdog::DFW area sewage system &gt; Riverwalk
Cardinals-Sun Devils-Diamondbacks-Suns::As many of you know,I have posted the message"Spurs fans suck." many times. So why do I hate the Spurs? Because my Phoenix Suns got SCREWED in 2007. That Amare suspension was totally unfair and unwarranted and it cost the Suns the key game of that series,game 5. It was totally unfair and unwarranted and it may well have cost the Suns the 2007 NBA Championship. After the tragedy of 2007,being a Suns fan gives me no choice but to hate the Spurs.
Typical Albino Suns Fan::Preach on, brother
Hondo Kid::Go tell the refs.  Suns aren't the only team that screwed themselves this way.  Doofus.  We know this post by memory already.  So tell to someone else somewhere else.  Phew.  Enough already.
supremekid912::Blame Robert Horry
Justinkm83::Go tell the Spurs fans. We don't like them either.
supremekid912::Dirk passed A.I in scoring list
Spurs Iz Da Truff2::.
Peach flavored Diva::Roddy back to normal  - 24 minutes ........4 turnover &amp; 3 assist
Spurs Iz Da Truff2::Mavs beat the worthless Suns after we destroyed them after destroying your team. Its so sad how pathetic these 2 teams have become
gabrielg817::Lol San Antonio
ingyball::San Antonio is nice i like to go there for a weekend during spring break and go to sea world
poolboy20::San Antonio will be  a great regular season team, and fizzle out in the playoffs for their lack of star power.
gabrielg817::Who likes San Antonio? Never heard anyone say I'm going to San Antonio on vacation
Spurs Iz Da Truff2::are u serious?? tourism is one of our main industries...wow talk about needing to get out more
Jon Armdog::Yeah...but you still have to live in San Antonio.  I guess it's good for you guys to have something nice.
Hondo Kid::Military people who have traveled all over the world and can retire anywhere choose san antonio.  Got it?
Jon Armdog::I think "Spurs Iz Da Truff2" accidentally drank some of that Riverwalk water.  It's given him what doctors refer to as "San Antonio Brain Funk"
Aaron.Rob::apply cold water to burned area
Spurs Iz Da Truff2::was military bruh. Spent time in Spain, Germany, Thailand, Alaska soooooooo bite me
TheA-TeAm8235::your probably delusional about SA because your have never lived any where else
Spurs Iz Da Truff2::San Antonio is a great place to live. Sooo that didnt hurt, lol
James Van Der Beek.::The Mavs just need one piece to contend. They NEED to trade for Jimmer.
LetsGoMavs 2.0::Mavs need a center and a pass first pg.
rsleepo::How about Chandler and Kidd from the Knicks? Seems like a championship formular.
joyhussain::yes, cuz clearly shooting is a problem for them...
James Van Der Beek.::Dude, he's top five in all of basketball right now.
joyhussain::Mavs gonna get the 8th seed by the end of February
arizonasportsman::#1 Ben #2 Smart #3 AJ Mathews
AdamFinesse::Dallas held a team under 100 points?
Justinkm83::Yeah, and the Lakers won. Strange night huh.
arizonasportsman::Lakers big problem is they are competing with 3 teams and not just one for the 8th seed and that makes the math more against them.
James Van Der Beek.::Yeah, that's one argument. I think their sh*tty team is more of the problem though.
Orange6O2::At least we get to look forward to the black retro jerseys for the next game. GG Mavs fans.
Encaladitos::Lol Port has a show called Talking Beavers
Justinkm83::Next up for Dirk: Mr. Ewing
Justinkm83::18th now. Not sure the exact number, but he will pass him this year.
LetsGoMavs 2.0::Dirk is 17th in scoring right? How much more to pass Ewing?
arizonasting13::Thanks for improving our chances in the lottery, Dallas. See ya next time.
LetsGoMavs 2.0::Suns are lucky bro. 2 top 10 lottery picks. Thanks to the Lakers lol
James Van Der Beek.::Go for Ben McLemore. He's got a great stroke
arizonasting13::Him or Shabazz or it's a bust
Justinkm83::As much as we don't want to, we need to cheer on the LAC tonight. We need all the help we can get.
wreckem tech101::GG Suns fans  Mavs win we need all these this week MFFL  Catch y'all at the next one  <b><u><i>MFFL</i></u></b>
Chris31708::And just like that the Lakers and Mavericks are tied again.  That Western Conference sure ain't no joke is it?
LetsGoMavs 2.0::Mavs =  19-25 with only 1 Superstar in Dirk coming of a surgery  Lakers = 19-25 with 4 Superstars in Kobe, Nash, Dwight, and Gasol  Lakers are a Joke. Go Mavs!
Him Down Stairs::Ain't that the truth
Chris31708::The Lakers aren't going anywhere with Dwightmare, he's getting exposed now that he doesn't have spot up shooters.
arizonasting13::If Gortat and Beasley had a baby that would be the whackiest looking thing of all time.
Encaladitos::Would it have dreads or be Bald? that is the question
James Van Der Beek.::Yeah. It'd be genetically f.ucked because they're both dudes.
arizonasting13::you don't know that
arizonasportsman::This Dallas win hurts Lakers in mathematical ways.
joyhussain::kobe's fg percentage and howards free throw percentage hurts the lakers in mathematical ways
joyhussain::Russel "F.A.G  S.W.A.G" Westbrook
legend_jr27::He went to FUCLA! What do you expect?
Justinkm83::Good team effort tonight. Dirk is getting there. I feel a 30 point night soon.
pharrigan7::What's Jim Carey doing on the mavs bench and when did he shave his head?
Mr Ntense::Seems so long ago when the Suns and Mavs had a rivalry.
wreckem tech101::oohhh somebody got Bernarded
James Van Der Beek.::**He Bernarded all over his face.
James Van Der Beek.::Mike James is the real life Uncle Drew.
Him Down Stairs::RIP MIKE JAMES!  WHO!?
Him Down Stairs::MiKe James in the house, for his last mins in a mav uniform
YaImFromCleveland::Suns vs Mavericks? lol who cares about this garbage game
arizonasting13::game of the night
Encaladitos::You apperently
James Van Der Beek.::Says the guy from Cleveland.
usylum::13 points in 1 minute? haha players were in on the over
James Van Der Beek.::Jae Crowder should win Rookie of the Year.
arizonasting13::Westbrook looks like the the dude from Alice in Wonderland in that outfit.
joyhussain::Kanye Westbrook
James Van Der Beek.::Is that a purse?
wreckem tech101::yeah Indiana Jones wears one
arizonasting13::Orange6O2 - It's a handbag  it's actually a satchel... get it right
Orange6O2::It's a handbag
Encaladitos::that electronik supersonik song seems to go well with that outfit
Chris31708::<b>$@%! it, we're going on winning streaks just to $@%! off the Lakers and their fans</b>  -Blazers and Mavericks
joyhussain::Russell Westbrook's pregame outift http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10151213368776006&amp;set=a.10150274478951006.330140.7331091005&amp;type=1
James Van Der Beek.::He looks like a Ninja Turtle with a solar panel
wreckem tech101::hahahaha
LetsGoMavs 2.0::Westbrook shooting pisses me of. Brick after Brick
Orange6O2::shiny
Kevin...Durant::he looks better in it than you would.
joyhussain::are you seriously defending him?
James Van Der Beek.::Vince Carter was snubbed for the All Star game.
arizonasting13::I was more pissed off that they left out PJ Tucker
Encaladitos::I say they should invite him to dunk contest
James Van Der Beek.::Yep.
Kevin...Durant::not really and if anyone was it was curry
Him Down Stairs::You are so right
Deacons_14::sup scrubs any comments defending what the spurs have done to both your teams recently on the court or are you just going to take it from the behind like they did lol sucks that you guys dont matter anymore i liked it better when you guys thought you had a fighting chance
mchardy592::OH U ALL  BUTTMAD   WHUR BROOKLYN AT
LetsGoMavs 2.0::SPurs = CHOKERs
Encaladitos::Enjoy the 2nd round exit maybe even a west finals exit.
arizonasting13::You almost lost to us, you suck.
Kevin...Durant::the last time the spurs sucked, tim duncan wasn't even born
Him Down Stairs::OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOO MAAAAAAAAAAAVERICKS!
