Steve Blesson::The Bulls just can't score the basket; they must have the worst offense in the league right now. They'd better tank for Jabbari, Wiggins or Randle I think.
Mark Ellzey::Agreed.  It's the same old story.  They need a scorer.  Maybe one day they'll get one.
Steve Blesson::Mark Ellzey And if I was rebuilding CHI, I would think of adding a tall Forward or Power Forward because it's really random to count on small shooting of point guards (Rose, Nate when he was there) to provide the spark in scoring. Team like OKC, IND, MIA, POR all have go-to-guys over 6"7 which makes it easier for them and increase their team efficiency since they can score closer to the basket.
Jason Rasnic::Chicago doesn't tank.
Kenyatte Reed::Cant beat Toronto without Rudy gay but can beat the Heat full roster??? ehhhhhhh
Colin Uza::For the record, the Raps are better without Gay!
Kenyatte Reed::Means nothing.. Beat the Heat by 20 but down double digits to Toronto?? Miss me wit that my kind sir.. smh
Colin Uza::Your statement was implying that the Raptors are worse without Gay. Stop acting dumb.
Julie Price::Bulls are tanking obviously
Colin Uza::JV playing well! Go raps!
Ed DeSalle::Da Bulls! LMAO!
Colin Uza::Great win Raps, gotta keep it rolling vs the Bobcats next! Playing extremely well as a team after the recent trade. I am liking the look of this team now.
Adam Kralic::top ten pick. We can get that...AND maybe finally cash in Charlotte's first...AND get Mirotic.
Zee N Jason Farmer::every bulls, pacers fans need to block this idiot alan ogg, poor kid is scared of our teams even though nba rigs it for his cHeat
Jason Rasnic::He's not a heat customer, he's just a troll.
Walton Armstrong::raps are passing the ball very well
Colin Uza::Yep, just like last game, many more assists than season average. Clearly the Raps are better as a team without the Black Hole (Rudy Gay) on the team.
Richard Franco::1st (1) Facebook Elimination Tournament - Sponsored by Perez Franco Funeral Services www.perezfrancofuneralservices.com https://www.facebook.com/rbfakastorm/posts/10201244053448316   December 14, 2013 - 7:00pm  Toronto Raptors vs. Chicago Bulls http://espn.go.com/nba/preview?gameId=400489219 #09. Andreah Aldridge - Toronto Raptors #56. Dyana Espana - Chicago Bulls
Daaim Shabazz::Another injury... this time Kirk Hinrich who was just talking about being glad he had his health. So the Bulls had no effective point guard. Mike James is gimpy, DJ Augustine has only been with the Bulls for five minutes and Teague is ineffective as usual (should be in the D-League). Kirk would make a lot of difference in stability even though he can no longer shoot. He knows the system much better than the three others combined.
Adam Kralic::taaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaannnnnnnnnnnnnkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
John Osaki Jr.::The Bulls look like their slipping into mediocrity without their floor general! Big-time Derek Rose fans, checkout his awesome chapter in the projected rankings in the new edition 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Ryan Gelsleichter::I'm a maryland fan and I live watching our player when they go to the nba and I can tell greivis is a great addition with the raptors and I think the only reason he isn't starting is because he needs to learn the play book and I have a feeling the raptors are going to be good
Allen Greene::Here come the next man up crap from Thibodeau. Why don't you just be honest that this team isn't that good. Nobody can shoot or put the ball on the floor its a struggle get off a shot. The Bulls need to seriously consider making a trade.
Adam Youman::why the hell would he say "this team isnt that good" lol are you an idiot?
Trevor Hennington::Bulls need to practice their jumpshot, looking at the clinic the Raps put on them tonight I hope they learned something.  There's no more excuses at this point, everyone was playing tonight.
Tommy Romeo::Very frustrating to see the Bulls struggle against a team that has very few players that even belong in the NBA.  I mean, this team has Vasquez running point guard.  That guy won't be in the league within 5 years.
Harman Singh Sidhu::And the Bulls have Teague running the point. Vasquez > Teague. Btw Vazquez averaged 9 assists 1 year I'm pretty sure he will be in the NBA longer than 5 years
Colin Uza::JV = future all star centre. Derozan 21.7 ppg. Amir Johnson is an underrated hustle PF.  Lowry is a decent PG. T Ross will be a serviceable swingman eventually.
Tommy Romeo::Colin Uza you know nothing about basketball.  Every played you named is absolutely awful except for Derozan.
Adam Youman::Lol some moron just tried to tell me that Joakim Noah is a d-league center because "he averages 9 points and 2 assists over his career." Any response to this Chicago fans??
Trevor Hennington::Personally I don't think hes as good as everyone thinks he is, sure he has a big game every now and then like he did yesterday (against the worst team in the league).  He doesn't play well against dominant centers, lucky for him there aren't many.  However, most of the time hes putting up around 9 points and 8 rebounds, or hes busy being injured, that dude is ALWAYS injured.  Hes the best center this team will have though so I guess that's why people like him, any chance of getting LA (who is far better) is long gone.
Adam Youman::Trevor Hennington the thing is that hes a defensive center. hes not meant to score. he dominates the paint defensively as well as grabs many offensive rebounds every game no matter who he plays against. he works hard and plays hard. not every center has to put up 20 ppg to be considered good
Trevor Hennington::Adam Youman If hes a defensive center then he should average more than 1 block per game.  Hibbert is a far better defensive center in that regard.
Walton Armstrong::cleanly you don't know anything about basketball, the raptors are playing great bulls are battling injuries and they dont have a true scorer
Adam Kralic::if charlotte does just well enough to get like a #14 pick...we get it! Imagine us with a #14 and *fingers crossed* a #10 pick or so...and we get Mirotic.
Alan Ogg::where are all dem bullz # 1 guys at LMAO?!  they were quick to talk shyte before the first game against the heat. what a JOKE of a fanbase.
Adam Youman::dude your an idiot the heat fans are a joke of a fanbase. just wait till the heat lose in the playoffs this year and bron bron go bye bye. lets see where you are then
Jason Rasnic::This is one of the closet heat customers with a dog avatar in the playoffs last year.  Remember?
Alan Ogg::Adam Youman you're*
Will Bernanke::BULLS 2ND HALF -4.5  OVER THE TOP FOR 4400   BOOK IT A LOCK OF THE DAY!!!! JOE COP!!!!!!!!!!!!   LETS MAKE IT RAIN YOU WORKING STIFFS!
Kyle Aloysius Mcfly::that 4th quarter certainly proved you right... lmao.. Hope for people's sake no one took your advice
Eddy Saleh::The NFL is fixed, the Bulls have played so many big games that it's hard for them to get up for these games.
Paul Steeno::If you are at a Chicago Bulls game get off your fricking cell phone. People tick me off sometimes.
Tommy Romeo::Why?  Is there something interesting to watch?  Both these teams are atrocious.
Paul Steeno::as a die hard bulls fan that watches every single game on my television i would die to go to one of those games. any half the people there are bandwagon fans on there cell phones not even knowing what is going on.
Trevor Hennington::Paul Steeno Im pretty sure if they were bandwagon fans they wouldn't be attending any of the recent games, as there hasn't been a whole lot to cheer for...
Walton Armstrong::Don't say ross is gay he may not be scoring but he's passing the ball very well and not being selfish
Andrew Fine::9 shots from the field and 1 make in the first half.  Now he's distributing better and shooting better.
