Mary Ann Oishi::Refs just fixed the game with that BS lane violation call........
Sean Flodberg::Technically the right call and you could hear the ref warning the players "WAIT FOR THE RELEASE." But man oh man, tough call in OT.
Mark Mattson::every time josh smith shoots a jumper from past 10 feet the coaches should make him put his hand on the scorers table so they can bash one of his fingers with a hammer.  worst shooter i have ever seen.
Yaneek Smith::How in God's name are we getting out rebounded 34-20 by a team that starts Ryan Anderson at PF and doesn't even have Anthony Davis playing?
Geoff Starling::I'd have no problem with Jennings low FG% if he had any intelligence to his game. He's not a smart PG, he doesnt really know how to set anything up in the halfcourt, he just dribbles, and usually away from the paint, because he's scared to death of it. Then there's his D. (omg is it bad)  J. Smith on the other hand is just killing the pistons at SF. There's 96 mpg at the 2 big spots, plenty of rotation time for smith. Harrelson at C might be our best defender, and Im not kidding, so he almost has to play unless Smith really steps up on D and plays PF.  Drummond had his most apathetic, worst game of the season. He just got owned by a nobody.   I just dont think this can go on, Cheeks has to move Smith to backup PF until a trade can be orchestrated (hopefully for smith). The team plays so much better when Singler is out there as a shooting and driving threat who plays smart.
Tim Lipscomb::Just to give you an idea of how pitiful Brandon Jennings & Josh Smith truly are:  There are currently 52 players in the NBA that average at least 13 shots per game or better that have played more than 10 games. Of those players Josh Smith & Brandon Jennings rank #51 & #50 in FG% (Only Gordon Hayward is worse)… #Pathetic  Basically Charlie V & Ben Gordon round #2...
James Incredible-Jackson::I hope they shop Monroe over Smith. Smith can be great in the right system (playing the 4). Monroe on the other hand, while he can generate offense, his defense...well.....lets put it this way: HIS defense (or complete and utter lack of) is the reason behind the "Brandon Knighting" incident.
Mark Mattson::monroe is the better overall player.  smith would rather chuck up 3's than play on the block and he only plays D when he feels like it.
Brandon Tigues::what does maurice cheeks do? is that the play he drew up? I surely hope not...he should've gave it to josh smith and let him try to score in the post, people don't realize how good dude is around the basket but he rather play like an perimeter player.
Wanda Rodgers::We need some referree that know how to make the right calls. Tonight they cheated on Detroit Pistons. Yea I am from Detroit and I didnt like the last call on Josh Smith,so you trying to say one rule is one team only
Geoff Starling::How many chances did we have to win the game at the end of regulation? Like 4, and Jennings PG play was just ridiculous, we didnt have one quality possession. Then we go up 5 in OT and Jennings starts doing it again, then turns it over. Jennings may have helped us out during the game, but down the stretch he destroyed his team. Some PG.
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Jasaon Smith outplaying Drummond. I love it. But Jrue has to be like Chris Paul late in games like this. The time is now to score, you've already set your teamates up with buckets earlier.
Brent B Jacoby::they dont pass to drummond...which is why they are losing
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Whose fault is that? Maybe Mo Cheeks needs to add more posts ups for him or at least pick and rolls.
Mark Mattson::Ikenna Nwaghanata - cheeks wants jennings to set up drummond in the post but jennings refuses to.
Brent B Jacoby::cheeks needs to stop calling time outs...they doing something dumb coming out of every one
Geoff Starling::Actually, the one he didnt call killed us. We had 8 to shoot, 48 secs left in regulation, ball out of bounds. He let them play and we got off a horrible fade away from 40 ft after Jennings dribbled all 8 secs. Just terrible that a PG that dumb even exists at the NBA level, thank god he has amazing hand eye and ball skills, because the rest of his game is ridiculous..
Jake Gibbs::Jennings has been much better than advertised.  He is outperforming his contract.
Cory Nope::Yep. Almost a 2.0 assist/turnover ratio should definitely solidify him as the starting point guard for the East all-star team.
Mark Mattson::lmao.  he has had a couple of good games, but he still makes terrible decisions in the 4th quarter and takes too many bad shots.
Zach Winiecke::Pathetic rebounding by the Pistons. NO has 14 offensive rebounds already
Charley Doherty::Man when Detroit got Jennings, I thought it wouldn't work but he's been pretty good.
Anthony Williams::I think it goes to show how horrible that Bucks team was. He is still shooting under 40% but his defense and assists have been a  nice surprise.
Sarah Roman::His defense is pathetic... what games are you watching hes is the reason drummond is out again cant cover in the perkmeter.....
Anthony Williams::Sarah Roman 1.6 Steals per game, second on the team.  He isnt a lockdown defender but he is much better than I thought
Andrew Gregory Kragt::F'ing Pistons!  Yea, let's leave Ryan Anderson wide open twice in a row.
David Garcia::dumars gave josh all that money... worst gm ever. can u say Darko?
Zach Winiecke::he's the only reason they're still in the game right now
Chris Headley::Zach Winiecke What game are you watching?
Michael Mcclain::pistons make your free throws my goodness makes no sense
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Jrue has been playing better lately. Good to see that.
Brandon Bass::Josh Smith sucks azz.  Sweet signing Dumars
Scott Claspell::Pistons win by double digits in OT. Easy call
Jason Rosenbaum::Wow. I don't even know who Jason Smith is.
Willie Martin::for what marco   so he  can hoist  26% threes?
Marco Wan::give josh smith the ball man..
Chris Headley::Why on earth?
Casiano Servaz Tubana III::Geaux Pelicans
Scott Claspell::DETROIT WHAT!!
Éric Morin::Game after game, referees calls all fouls against Detroit.....
Juan Carlos Ng::I am sure I have seeing fouls called against their opponents....in every single game...
