Robert::Supposedly the Warriors are one of the best teams in the NBA west, according to their roster. If this is true, according to the basketball experts, then one has to evaluate their present record as a reflection of the coach's job performance, and so far it is rather poor. If the season ended today, the Warriors would be out of the playoffs as the 9th seed in the west, anything else said about it, such as injuries or any excuses is b.s., all teams have them. - The Warriors need a real coach who can get the best out of this bunch of young, talented guys.......
David::It is questionable whether the Bobcats are one of the worst offensive teams. However, it was clear tonight that the Warriors need to listen to Coach Jackson some more about playing defense. Also trying for a 3-pointer immediately after running the length of the floor has not worked well for the Warriors. They should go for a better setup. When your muscles are temporarily tired, they perform differently enough for you to miss much more often. You need to give yourself a bit of a rest before attempting a 3-pointer. driving to the hoop instead is usually a much better option. Attacking the hoop with three players in the flow is an even better option.  On the positive side, David Lee did try and succeed in getting a good number of offensive rebounds; and Stephen Curry did drive the lane well. He should probably do more of that early in games to try to get the other teams in foul trouble early.
Truthbetold::The Warriors better be careful, and this is probably Marks testing year...get it done or he's done.
SNW::Jerry West is still correct, the Ws need to get more athletic and they need to get tougher. This team is more well balanced than last year, but not significantly better.
Ninja236::The Warriors need to play better now.  They look terrible.  They really look like they are an overrated team.  If they don't make the playoff this year,  their draft pick goes to the Jazz.
Aaron::This is the Kemba I saw in the draft and that lead UCONN to the championship. Glad to see him starting to get his college swag back and turn into a great NBA guard.
Nathan::Why did Draymond Green took 5  3 s but only made 1 . He needs to do the dirty works and be inside. I 've always heard that he is a very smart ball player.I really don't see it.
Steve::Charlotte has improved, actually. Lot more going on with them than the past several years.
David::The Warriors aren't hitting outside right now. However, they are beating the Cats with quickness inside on transition drives. They should try to go inside more often. They may then get some of the Cats in foul trouble; and in the process they may score some good, high percentage points.
Thomas::it is so obvious how much our defense suffers when Andre Iguodala is not in the line up!! he was the best pick up we have had in many years our defense is solid when he plays and it falls to a shootout when he isnt playing.
