lil_Stratboy::Spurs CHOKED
onlyavoice57::Heat In 5. Spurs ONLY In Finals Because The West Was WEAK &amp; INJURED
jf20219::Spurs
Martell faye 33::Heat
ChiliJalapenos::Wahhh my ear hurts Wahhh my thighs hurt Wahhh I got a cold  File under: heat are pu_ss_ies
smokingstogies305::People talking trash and they can't even tell you the real reason why Stern fined the Spurs. I was hoping back then that the Spurs would have won that game just to see if Stern could fine them even after they won.
mike.s2012::So where is Miami's fine for resting players?  Stern is such a tool: if you are going to issue ridiculous fines against teams, you might as well be consistent about it
smokingstogies305::For winning? How can you fine a team for winning?
cowscan::So was that payback and why didn't Stern fine Miami.
Ed634::"I could see how you guys can draw that conclusion, but no," Spoelstra said before the game.  Unlike Popovich, Spoelstra listed injuries as the reason for his stars' absence, which will likely eliminate the chance of the league fining Miami." ------------------ Tip of the day: Articles have words, it helps comprehension by reading them. Headlines are nice but do not tell the whole story.
KingChuro::COME ON MAN!!!
305ire....::Heat Champs again
KingChuro::Intellibeam15 - If a woman asks your d.... size  Does she want the limp size or erect size?
KingChuro::Ira Winderman NBA spokesman confirms to Sun Sentinel that the league will not discipline the Heat for holding three starters out Sunday in San Antonio. 1 Hour Ago · Discuss  Bosh.0 Rebounds they know better than to cross pat riley
jt8776::The told the league ahead of time ....and they were in the building
smokydabear44::Spineless Stern but what else is new !!!    Please save your breath and do not try to tell me those three players were injured .
georgepan::The Spurs are a terrible representation of the sport.  Pop kept his top 5 starters out for no reason other than "rest."  Worse, he had them fly home, they weren't even with their teams.   That is what cost them the fine, such obvious thumbing of the nose of common sportsmanship.  The Heat were all in the arena, they were with their team.  Plus, the team announced the injuries ahead of the game, they didn't spring a surprise on the opponent at the opening kickoff.   Why would the league FINE a team like that?  Are you a doctor, are you going to say with certainty that they did not have injuries?    TWO DIFFERENT CASES, the Spurs acted like punks, thus the fine.  The Heat acted classy about it, no fine.
FeFyeFoeRun::Why are you here TROLL?
KingChuro::whatever guys domestic violence isn't cool
Bosh.0 Rebounds::<b> ONE </b>
yayarea100::eleven
KingChuro::Chris Paul to the Heat.
Aicyla22::alright guys, im off to stalk Duro, have a good night
Bosh.0 Rebounds::1 hun
GaspoMinnyFan981::1
yayarea100::one
Intellibeam15::Bye my love....
GaspoMinnyFan981::I'm out too Catdios
yayarea100::1  *stares at alycia*
Aicyla22::lol sorrrryyyy
Aicyla22::bye kitty
Bosh.0 Rebounds::haha the '1' is catching on in here  i love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yayarea100::alycia is too cool for school, howeverz
Bosh.0 Rebounds::ya shes a bum
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::bye guyz :)
Intellibeam15::1
GaspoMinnyFan981::1
Aicyla22::bye sir
Aicyla22::bc im a rebel
yayarea100::why didnt you type 1
yayarea100::1
Bosh.0 Rebounds::1
Bosh.0 Rebounds::DNP - Old
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::it's that time of the day where i leave and Alycia stalks me
GaspoMinnyFan981::Catdios
Aicyla22::shhhh
Bosh.0 Rebounds::aka my favorite time
A_Schwert22089::BS that Spurs got fined for sitting their stars and Heat don't.
ImAWitness06::No its not, the Heat reported injuries Spurs didn't
phi349::Helps to follow the rules, chief
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::they clinched the East already
Aicyla22::thats irrelevant, they gave the proper notice
Aicyla22::why?
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::Chicago Refs ended the Heat's winning streak
Bosh.0 Rebounds::those spurs announcers were awful tho.  i think id rather listen to women call the game than those 2
Intellibeam15::Sean Elliot is a chump
Aicyla22::youre pushing it
Aicyla22::shes knowledgeable for sure, but still
Bosh.0 Rebounds::doris burke!?!??!
Aicyla22::i say that bc no one wants to listen to women call the game
Bosh.0 Rebounds::lol
ImAWitness06::All these opposing players want to talk smack about the Heat. Haha
Intellibeam15::What are they saying?
Aicyla22::http://bleacherreport.com/tb/da4NY?utm_source=newsletter&amp;utm_medium=newsletter&amp;utm_campaign=miami-heat
Aicyla22::they mad
GaspoMinnyFan981::Both LeBron and wade  are listed as questionable vs the Knicks on Tuesday
Aicyla22::good
Aicyla22::haha who doesnt?
GaspoMinnyFan981::And Chalmers almost forgot about him
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::Alycia also doesn't mind killer pecs Aint
Aicyla22::correct
Bosh.0 Rebounds::ill have to tell aint that the next time i see him
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::and great grammar
SpursThruGoodAndBad::Replay of bogus foul here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5b9KOpkie8M  look at 0:29  and it is very clear that Cole established his left foot as pivot and then picked up the ball. Then he picked up his pivot foot and tried to jump backward into Leonard. Should have been a travel. I would take a no-call.  So. Just what kind of basket ball play was Cole trying to do? No shot attempt ... no pass attempt. He was simply flopping to draw the foul. He was completely out of control.   Buy hey, whatever make the league the most money.
Bosh.0 Rebounds::parker flopped right before that so shush
FeFyeFoeRun::looks like the blue light troll is back with another alias. Mod Time!
SpursThruGoodAndBad::And they didn't give him FTs. So what is you point?
phi349::game's over, big man
SpursThruGoodAndBad::lol @ your logic FAIL
Aicyla22::lol @ at your futile attempt
SpursThruGoodAndBad::Yes, and unless somebody points this stuff out. Things will never change.
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::Go Refs :)
FeFyeFoeRun::Heat OWN the NBA! <b>LMAO at the TROLLS!</b>
bigpapi3424608::pippen was the leader of the bulls
phi349::wrong board
Intellibeam15::She's a good girl... It's all about the purity of your heart and contents of your character for her Right?
yayarea100::where is that from, twilight?? ewww...although i used to write poetry for girls i liked back in middle school, nothing more embarrassing
Intellibeam15::Is that from a movie....I really am a genius
Aicyla22::for who?
Aicyla22::eh i guess
Intellibeam15::You....No?
Botticelli23::Spurs = King of the "regular season"  Playoffs = Major CHOKE
Botticelli23::they choke during the playoffs. while they're always no.1 in regular season!
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::this equation is confusing :(
Bosh.0 Rebounds::whats more important money or D size?
FeFyeFoeRun::are you 12?
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::inches!
Bosh.0 Rebounds::11.5 bro!
Bosh.0 Rebounds::cuz im lacking in both departments ;)
Bosh.0 Rebounds::surgery
yayarea100::money.. dont really know how you fix the other part
Bosh.0 Rebounds::to know which one i should focus my time on
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::ROR me too buddy
Aicyla22::so then why ask?
Bosh.0 Rebounds::alyica lets get serious here  are you trying to get pounded out or not
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::RORRR
Aicyla22::what?
Bosh.0 Rebounds::?
Intellibeam15::Aicyla....Serious question: Are most women attracted to nice guys or bad guys?
Aicyla22::it varies
yayarea100::fair enough
Aicyla22::on the girl
FeFyeFoeRun::by D size!
yayarea100::on how the last guy treated you?
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::they'll say they want a nice guy, but that's bs, the a-hole has a better shot
yayarea100::as a guy, i can tell you i have been way more successful when im not trying to be their friend. nice guys mean nothing to a girl
Bosh.0 Rebounds::ror wtf
Bosh.0 Rebounds::barkkkkkkkk
Intellibeam15::Down boy....b4 I get Mike Vick over here
FeFyeFoeRun::Anyone remember when the Spurs were relevant? <b>Me either!</b>
FeFyeFoeRun::<b>I OWN THAT BLUE LIGHT TROLL! LMAO</b>
FeFyeFoeRun::No, the Pathetic Blue Light Troll! Notice She hasn't been around lately?
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::you own yourself?
GaspoMinnyFan981::Hey worst
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::what's up worst
Bosh.0 Rebounds::LOL AT THE BLUE LIGHT   <b> TROLLLLLLLLLLLLLL</b>
Bosh.0 Rebounds::my trousers are too tight on my unit
Aicyla22::?
Aicyla22::i should have left that 1 alone
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::we're bros, we sword fight, and no, we don't have pics perv
yayarea100::guyz do peak at the urinals every once in a while..totally hetero peak tho
Aicyla22::you added the big part in, howd you know?
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::his pants are too tight on his big d
Bosh.0 Rebounds::what
Bosh.0 Rebounds::knick knack patty wack give a dog a bone
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::*gives his bone*
GaspoMinnyFan981::So who went to the bulls championship parade yesterday?
yayarea100::i would have but i didnt wanna get shot
GaspoMinnyFan981::But it's the bulls parade u have to go
yayarea100::id rather be alive and a punk than be a tough dead guy
GaspoMinnyFan981::Wimp
Intellibeam15::My mom said i can keep you aicyla How do you feel about that?
Intellibeam15::Like dominatrix type stuff Lets not air our personal business too much on here tho
Aicyla22::hahaha oh yes youre right sorry
Aicyla22::kind of like a stray cat or dog
Aicyla22::like?
Intellibeam15::Kinda but more restrictions lol
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::stray puppies
Intellibeam15::What is a Knick anyway?
Bosh.0 Rebounds::a knickerbocker
Aicyla22::perhaps
Bosh.0 Rebounds::r u ?
Aicyla22::my mom isnt for sale
Intellibeam15::Ahhh....she's gorgeous and intelligent Can I keep her mama?
Bosh.0 Rebounds::one who collects knick-knacks i believe
yayarea100::a pair of pants
Aicyla22::pants
Intellibeam15::What is that?
Aicyla22::so knicks or heat tomorrow night?
yayarea100::depends.. everybody playin? oh wait that doesn't matter... heatz
Aicyla22::haha
GaspoMinnyFan981::Bulls
Aicyla22::who?
Intellibeam15::Heat all day.....you know where you're at girl!
Aicyla22::you think wade and lebron will play?
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::Knickz
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::told you to pick Mets gaspo, not Yanks
GaspoMinnyFan981::I didn't pick lol
Bosh.0 Rebounds::http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-pnd8F9Y8yhE/UBtuP0RuP5I/AAAAAAAAAcE/3Ne6i9Ifox0/s1600/skunk_cat3.jpg   didnt you hear, they got gaspo.....
MeSoSexy2013::Spurs got robbed...the refs won that game for the heat not bosh spice 3 pointer
Intellibeam15::He wishes.....go sleep with the fishes
MeSoSexy2013::u guys are gay
yayarea100::ironic username
Bosh.0 Rebounds::jelly?
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::lol idiot thinks this is a basketball board
Bosh.0 Rebounds::basketball?
Bosh.0 Rebounds::its good to have the refs on our side!
yayarea100::wrong board
Intellibeam15::Easy fellas we can't just put the full court press on precious lttle aicyla.... I got your back
Aicyla22::thanks... i think...
Aicyla22::again thank you for clarifying -__-  spicy gator? interesting
Intellibeam15::Thank me later you spicy lil florida gator lol
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::by your back, he means your b.utt :)
Bosh.0 Rebounds::man to man   or zone
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::what about a back door press?
Intellibeam15::That sounds like an experience I never want to experience
yayarea100::alycia, this is exactly what it looks like..  http://static.flickr.com/1/499224_65314871b4.jpg
Aicyla22::thats adorable, its a boy or girl?
Aicyla22::jk i just read above
Aicyla22::whats his name?
yayarea100::thx.. its a boy
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::haha cute, like a little bear
yayarea100::lol his name is simba, just a big pile of fluff
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::you guyzez are awesome
Bosh.0 Rebounds::alycia is such a nice, young, respectable, pretty lady.
Aicyla22::what do you want?
Aicyla22::you are   thank you for clarifying -__-
Bosh.0 Rebounds::whos the meanest of them all?
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::no i meant i want my p.enis inside your v.agina :)
Aicyla22::you want to be a girl now duro?
Aicyla22::youre the meanest one of them all
Bosh.0 Rebounds::whoa nothing, who said i wanted anything
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::your v.agina silly
Intellibeam15::I agree....
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::she's like an angel
Intellibeam15::Aicyla is sooo cute....
Aicyla22::thanks... all this niceness is making me uneasy
Aicyla22::no just uneasy and idk what man eggs hatching are
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::hot and bothered?
Intellibeam15::It's easter and my man eggs are ready to hatch....sorry
Martell faye 33:::( third time I've been banned
Intellibeam15::I was sick of lookin at that face lol jk
Bosh.0 Rebounds::thats nothing. ive lost count
Bosh.0 Rebounds::yes they do
Aicyla22::they hate aint the most
Martell faye 33::mods hate me damn :(
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::hahaha. thank you heat
Bosh.0 Rebounds::youre welcome
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::you're welcome :)
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::i know :(
Aicyla22::slow
Aicyla22::youre welcome
Aicyla22::nothing can help okc enough
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::lol.. its only helps OKC  out that you beat them.. any other time i wouldnt say it.. i would root against you..
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed:::)
Aicyla22::i dont trust this niceness
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::damn you beautiful woman =/
