David Chen::How can a team score 73 points at the half and lay an egg in the second half?  How can a super talented offensive team be struggling on offense for a long long stretch without a clue how to snap out of the funk?  This is all on McHale and his coaching (or lack of coaching.)  What is Rocket's bread and butter play?  What are the offensive plays that teams run to ensure a basket and turn the momentum around?  Rox, as talented as they have, have NONE.  This is amazing.  Howard, Parsons, Harden, Lin, and they can't figure out ONE play that is a signature bread-and-butter play for the Rox.  Every game it's the same.  Harden hero-ball at the top of the key.  Dump it to Howard and prays that he takes it hard to the hoop instead of a wimply 10 footer baby-hook.  Watch Parsons put up threes, hope Lin penetrates.  It's all INDIVIDUAL BALL.  Where are the back-doors, give-and-go, double-picks, etc.?  Rockets, come on
Leland Wong::Exactly, right on the money. Big problem they let JH play PG and that is instant stagnation, if he is cold the team is dead, he hogs it just like Melo and Kobe.
Allen R Hovey::I think Charles Barkley hit it on the head the other night. This team still doesn't have a identity. In okc game in the 4th quarter JH was chucking up hail marys left and right. There was no team chemistry what so ever. Lin Came in off the bench and hit a shot, then the next few plays he had to feed the ball to harden. But against my Celtics it was lob city between howard and lin. I thought the idea of getting a big man is to feed him the ball until teams double team. Then make teams pay for the double team by having good shooters hit open shots. Or have the open man cut to the basket for 2 or the foul. JH wants so hard to prove to okc and the league he is on the same level as westbrook and durant scoring wise. Scoring is good and all, but wouldn't being a team player and winning a nba championship before OKC be a bigger achievement....
Dan Dorotik::OK, that was so last game- how about STFU and move on??
Leland Wong::Against weak teams JH and JL will be alright. JL really hides when he is playing against stronger teams like the last game.
David Chen::Terrance Jones is doing what the Rox signed Howard to do, LOL
Ryan Dougherty::So is Howard...
David Chen::Ryan Dougherty, there are too many "off" games for Howard.  I don't expect Howard to score 30 every night, but there are just some nights Howard is MIA on offense.  While Howard relies on others to feed him the ball, but he needs to be more demanding and not stand around watch Harden play hero-ball.  For the best physical center in the NBA there is no reason why Howard shouldn't be fed at least 15-20 times a game.  I much rather see Howard physically take it hard to the hoop than watch Harden dribble 10 seconds at the top-of-the-key and put up a prayer shot.
Ryan Dougherty::David Chen - I can agree with your assessment. Just felt you may have taken a cheap shot at Howard with your original comment. (Yes, I know you were praising T-Jones)
Steven Prater::Terrence Jones is a most improved candidate for sure give him the ball
Josh Schwartz::I swear to God, if a player from Portland doesn't win it, Terrence Jones has to win Most Improved Player after this season. He has really been a great break-out player for Houston and has stepped up big time when they've needed him most. Very impressive.
Justin Nixon::TJones has been a breath of fresh air, but he would be hard pressed to take the award from DeMarcus Cousins or Eric Bledsoe, even with EB's injury
Josh Schwartz::I fail to see how Cousins could possibly win it, since his team is just as bad as they always were, with or without him. And, Bledsoe...okay, he's right up there. I'll give you that. I still think if Jones keeps putting up numbers like he did tonight and the Rockets get a top four seed in the West, he deserves the award.
Justin Nixon::Josh Schwartz I could agree with that, but I also doubt he stays at this rate though.. DeMarcus Cousins is probably the All-Star game starting center so agree to disagree there, it's not an MVP award
Bob Beamer::terrance jones super game the UK dude is coming on strong.........also tonite anthony davis 31 points and 17 boards john wall 34 points and brandon knight 26 points
Tik Ng::they change style of play kevin mchale suck he don't battle when needed he switches to half court offense and rely on DH the loser to score come on thats not the way to play a good team kevin mchale has to go loser
Tommy T-tone::Nice job, calling a 1st ballot HOFer and 3-time NBA champion a 'loser'. Stfu clueless. The Rockets are 27-15. Why are you whining and moaning like a six year old?
Philip Suprise::When you look at the Bucks' roster, they have some pretty good young talent. But it is so obvious that this club is trying to tank. Especially when Butler, Mayo, and Neal barely see the floor when a game is tight / close
Leland Wong::They want to get some good sopts in the lottery., yes they tanked on purpose.
Dustin Wagner::If you watched the games, and knew how to look at advanced stats, you would see that the Youth is playing better then the Vets, and it really isnt even close.  Mayo, Butler, and Neal have been atrocious.
Justin Nixon::funny that the people praising TJones are the same idiots that thought the TRob trade was a good idea because Jones hadn't proven anything
Dominic Wingate::Wow T jones is proving to be the 3rd best player on the Rockets, with Harden, Howard, and Parsons smh this team is stacked.
Jeremy Gingrich::He is good for sure, but Parsons is the 3rd best player on the team still for sure
Bmonster McCarthy::Jeremy Gingrich For sure? How's that? They avg. the same ppg game per 36 min., but Jones gets nearly twice as many boards and actually plays defense. Parsons is a better shooter from 15 ft. out and a bit of a better passer, but that's really all he has on Jones. Jones shows he can be a force inside scoring and on the boards, plus play solid defense.
Jeremy Gingrich::You had me at Parsons doesn't play defense, didn't read the rest of the comment. The reason why Parsons is so good is because he is one of the few good two way wing players in the league
Fan Cheng::Someone need to tell harden that he's not fukin Ray Allen! He needs to chill
Bmonster McCarthy::And Ray Allen isn't 'Ray Allen' anymore. He oughta retire. I know it's really hard for such a great to walk away from the game, but it's about time.
Steven Prater::Terrence jones mvp
Sharon Dockhorn-crompton::Whats the nba record for worst record???cause think bucks are good candidates
Bo Sherman::Last year Charlotte won 12 gam
Sharon Dockhorn-crompton::So charlotte finished 12-70 thats terrible well bucks have 7 and not halfway yet
Leland Wong::Rox should win this one but not guaranteed. JH is the key, does he want to play well for himself or for the team.
Karl Krause::are you kidding me? Playing against the bucks is about as guaranteed as it gets buddy. 7-31 is absolutely atrocious.
Bo Sherman::Wow how bad are these Bucks
Kyle Miller::Go Rockets! #7-32
