CandySparker::Golden Luol Deng!
DerrickXRoseXMVP::The Atlanta Hawks are awful.  ATL losing to CHI without D Rose, Joakim Noah, Carlos Boozer, and D Rose's replacement in Kirk Hinrich?  That's like the Bulls at full strength losing to Miami without LeBron James, D Wade, Chris Bosh, and Shane Battier. The Hawks are a disgrace.
SpoChase::Way to rub it in.   Be a gracious winner.  I'm a Bulls fan
DerrickXRoseXMVP::And it wasn't just a loss either, it was a 17 point blowout.
Dwyane Wade is a poor mans Gabe Pruitt::slore
Chi-town2334::If Thibs continues to ride this team with heavy minutes the Bulls will be a tired team come playoff time. With Hinirich, Boozer and Noah out you would think Teague, Mohammed and Cook would get more playing time but as usual Thibs continues his ways with riding a select group all game. Gibson, Deng, Butler and Robinson all averaged over 40 minutes in last nights game that's just ridiculous.
EDubb773::My sentiments exactly!
ynot1825::This Bulls team is playing incredibly intense ball right now..If they can continue this intensity when Rose comes back I don't see anybody beating them...sometimes when teams get their star back the roll players revert back to being roll players....going to be interesting to see how things play out when Rose comes back.
Kobe Brick Mason::Latest rumor is D Rose had metal put in his knee via the Wolverine of X. Hit his head on the clock in Chicago.
JordanFadeAway::yawn
DatGuy8921::The hawks are a bunch of cornballs.
Franco2187::ya smoked the hawks without 4 starters, rose,boozer,hinrich and noah haha
surfzone365::Ja..Ja...Ja...JIMMMMMAY! Go Bulls
loochey03::What do you think about the two backup 4/5 we have at the end of the bench ? We saw a glimpse of them this weekend.
Jaywashing::Vlad and Nazr?   Yeah, they're terrible. Though I think 8-10 minutes each game could be extracted from Nazr--just because Noah needs to sit every now and then. A trade for a backup center--Mozgov is the popular target--would round out the roster nicely, but it's questionable how the Bulls would do that.
Kobe Brick Mason::Terrible.
Jaguarcrazyboy::Great win by the Bulls... Deng and Butler are rocking.
Spamming Sammy 2.4::Bulls the Realest Kings of the East !!  No Rose, No Boozer, No Noah, No Kirk, No PROBLEM !!
This_Guy1::Nate Robinson took off!
Windy City Stand Up::See what happens when Taj gets minutes instead of Boozer? Boozer should be coming off the bench, not Taj.
DatGuy8921::What?  Boozer's improved play say otherwise.  The regular season stats say otherwise too.  Boozer has actually been our most reliable player in scoring next to Deng.  If anything Taj needs to learn some offense from Boozer.
UptonUptonAndHeyward_____A-Town_Slugfest::F*** Chicago Stone Mound Bound all day EASTSIDE  Stone Mountain, Georgia DeKalb County on my license plate
CHITOWNBULLS1991::93-76....Good Game, better luck next time.
bulls32032::where incest is the number 1 hobby!
parafal::it would be nice to have another big to come in off the bench
basketballdiaries::Nate is a very underrated point guard.
Sportaddition1314::Hardly...stop judging based on 1 good  game here or there. He's erratic and unpredictable.
streidl::any husky fans here?...Nate the Great ..the most under-rated player in years!
Smashing Dweebs::On a positive note for Atlanta atleast they didn't score 5 points in a quarter this time...
Notta Lespn1::i'm very disappointed in the nba this season.  this was the perfect time for the bulls forward deng to establish his team as the top seed in the east. but people sleep on his skills and woke up to late acting all suprised and stuff when the man was a lottery pick and stuff ...so now he dont get his calls cuz they dont expect him to hit yet he plays thru pain and keeps his team winning while drawing nothing but praise from one of the best upcoming coaches in the league.  the bulls have been getting robbed at home  deng play bball with teh mentality of a soccer player he wants to shut you out 1-0 that good enuf if its a win  so what does deng &amp; co. do in retaliation to the stipulation the league has placed on him from getting to the line, he leads the bulls to the best road record in the league and best in conference record while leading them in scoring putting yet another blemish in the middle of what is supposed to be the heat3 era. wherein the bulls have won the conference two years in a row.  quite different from simpler times win the team who won the most won the most most of the time  Good game Bulls, Deng MVP or nobody should get it like the mlb hall of fame
parafal::huh?
Venomngw::Was at the game tonight, and the Bulls were great.
face21886::This year it wont be any fluke injuries and the Bulls will go deep into the playoffs this year at least the ECF and with a lil luck possibly even the Finals and then maybe... on to Grant Park
face21886::Nobody wants to see the Bulls after All-Star Break and eventually even in the Playoffs! The Bulls Defend and make the game ugly for teams and its hard for them to deal with. Even the Miami Heat are sitting back watching this disciplined Bulls team defend like Dam n I was hoping they didn't make the playoffs cause Derrick will be back by then...Oh well 1 ring in South Beach wasn't bad  ~Lebron~
dspdevildog::Can we all agree that the Bulls being 11 games above .500 at this point is nothing short of a miracle and Thibs is possibly the second coming of Christ?  I don't want to oversell it though...
Kobe Brick Mason::Noah is great but not Deng. Deng shoots streaky but keeps on shooting. But both are very good defensive players.
Notta Lespn1::u must be one of those who be underestimating the value of deng's and noah's while waiting on the greatnness defined moment's from them other overpaid stat padders that went unmentioned in this post -the bulls defence
FoxKat93::I'm not a hockey fan, but I just got excited about this goal that is sending the game into ot.
Sleo810::Josh smith say u want to go to the cavs...
Malor::one certainty in life---atlanta will never get close to an nba title.  atl chokes in all pro sports
lchscool::Impressive work for the Bulls. Keep it up!
Theironrod2012::Hey if we not still in slavery, why do it feel like we in slavery with this money system?  The Hebrew knew the Egyptians was racist and would never change so they left with mose.   Why do we continue to think we free?
Notta Lespn1::cuz lebron decided to play for chris bosh money instead of the value he had accumulated at that time he should have held out till christmas and the nba would have had to give him arod money
Jaywashing::Go do this on a Heat article or something.
dspdevildog::You really aren't as funny as you think
Theironrod2012::Thanks will do lol
MAK9751::Uh, get lost, this is nba!!!
MAK9751::Rip (off) 3 of 14, bye bye after All star break!!
Brice162::he has brittle bones
Theironrod2012::I think in order for black people to truly be free from this pathetic racism and slavery.    We have to do like the Hebrews did the Egpytians with Mose and leave from everywhere that enslave us.    That is the only way slavery will end for us and we will be free with our own land, language, and culture again.    No disrespect if you white or a slave owner, or was or ansetors was slave owners, that's just the way it is.
Jaywashing::Good lord, you're still doing this.
Brice162::dude you're not a slave shut up
Theironrod2012::why do it feel like it then? It feel like we a slave to this money system
garnolfini::Knicks own the East.
tcarr50613::Even if they did (which they don't) it's only a matter of time until Dolan brings Isiah back and it all comes crumbling down.
Jezeble::Isiah was not the problem. Look at where the players he drafted and traded for are today,
Notta Lespn1::eastern ny?
dspdevildog::Win one playoff game in 11 years and look at it go to your head
Sebastian61362::They own all the Rats in the east coast
JordanFadeAway::come again? bulls spanked those clowns 3 times already with out our franchise player..come again?
dspdevildog::and they haven't owned the east in EVER, Jerry  ...in ever
Stockton and Jeremy::Creazy! 4 players have 40 minutes+. Hope no more injuries. BTW, when will my rose come back? Miss him a lot
Stockton and Jeremy::Great. He is my favoriate before Linsanity. I'll watch every bull's game when he's back.
shut the front door please::...I hate so many things about this comment
JordanFadeAway::after all star break
Sorry my teams are the bestest::LEBRON IS THE KING, ROLL TIDE GO SHARKS GO HEAT! INDIANA IS MY NEW FAVORITE NCAA TEAM !
JordanFadeAway::what a bandwagon.
Sorry my teams are the bestest::not even!1 My favorite nfl team is the ravens thats not bandwagon!1 2@!?#!
JordanFadeAway::Big game by deng, gibson, and butler..hell yeah bulls all day
CHITOWNBULLS1991::Atlanta could be very solid, but their players just don't hustle and have the heart the Bulls do. Go Bulls!
dspdevildog::Wow.  I really didn't think they would have anything left in the tank after such a tough game the night before.  The Bulls are just machines.
FranklinStrut::Daequan Cook just isn't going to play, is he?
Neil826::so winning by 17 means they held a team off?  come on they crushed them missing 3 starters.
Original_Rick::Did you see how empty the arena was during the 4th quarter? That was a total a s s beat down.
mclewis89::http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=ahn7oga
bulls32032::thibs can work his magic but why would the bulls trade for an aging almost on the brink of retirement player?
Olliebasketballs::LOFL.  Stinky azzed beantown doesn't have a single player worth Boozer or Deng.  Lame azzed ATL literally doesn't have a single starter good enough to start for the Bulls.
Original_Rick::How long did it take you to come up with that nonsense?
Original_Rick::I'd rather whip the Pacers than just about anybody. Go Bulls.
FranklinStrut::Hot dang Bulls.
DatGuy8921::More like the Red Hot Chicago Bulls!  -Red Hot Chili Peppers
DatGuy8921::JIMMY!!!!
geeman217::Ok I'm going to go watch the Black Hawks    later folks..
White-Chocolate1980::Because there are more whites than Blacks, Hispanics etc. therefore, you're a minority. It's not bad to be a minority.
geeman217::the kids an idot... He's been trying to enflame folks all night...
Theironrod2012::Why do white people call other races minorities?  So are white people in the minority to or it's just other races?  I think this is one of the most racist things I ever heard. Ain't black people rich too?
geeman217::Your Parents didn't hug you enough when you were a kid???  Your attenpts at "trolling" is somewhat-  amusing and disturbing at the same-time..
Theironrod2012::Thank you, no, I didn't get hugs. Sometimes people need to have this conversation to refresh they memory
geeman217::I'm calling  Toronto to   upset Heat Tomorrow....  remember you heard it here first!
DatGuy8921::Depends if Gay brings that fire.  And no I'm not making a gay joke.
yankees27rings8255::gotta go bulls fans. see you in the Eastern conf. finals
yorkfoxes6::Hope for the knicks sake that doesnt happen
DBrownDrose::yup
Jimmy G. Buckets::Peace
geeman217::Anyone think Boozer's back Monday against Indy???  That'll be a tough, physical game...  They'll need him.
knicks will choke::i'm pretty sure the bulls held him out of this one so he can play against the pacers
knicks will choke::Noah's is the only one that worries me but at least it isn't on the same foot as last year.
geeman217::It's kind of interesting how these guys are getting these respites... Deng- 5 games, Boozer-3, Noah-?...  2nd half might shape up good for Bulls... Especially if they can get EVERYONE healthy and D-Rose gets back...
Im at work::If Cavs called the Bulls right now and offered Kyrie Irving for Rose,  you make the trade?
face21886::HELL NAW! Kyrie is good but just last night he admitted to doing something Rose never has and never will do...Give Up or to quote your boy " I just wasn't into it " I wish Derrick would say some shi t like that the Media would murda him. Derrick goes hard every game every minute of every quarter! Derrick Rose dont take plays off  ~Randy Moss~
Agentlowe::I honestly believe they would burn Chicago if that ever happened. #imtalkingriots.
DatGuy8921::Obama might authorize a nuclear strike on the UC if that happened.
knicks will choke::i wouldn't take the whole cavs team for rose
geeman217::nope- next!!!
DBrownDrose::rose is still better
Im at work::Rose is not guaranteed to be the same
DBrownDrose::rose is better
Im at work::Irving is good
DBrownDrose::HELL NO!
Im at work::Dont joke
