Ben Black::Remember when D will said he felt the nets were better than the heat
Tony Hartmann::D stands for Dreamer
Rick Arrospide::Awww, beat me to it :)
Marvin Davis::Lol! At no will!
Robert Chandler::This team is a the second example of trying to throw a team full of old players together. No nobody beats father time . Thats why two years ago when I heard LA had steve nash and kobe playing together I laughed and then they added a straight out of back surgery Dwight Howard I knew they would suck. When this team formed I laughed again. Seems I was right.
John Szep::How do you explain the spurs then?  It's the coach.  Jason Kidd?  For real?  He doesn't have a clue on how to rotate a squad like pop does.
Robert Chandler::John Szep  Smple the spurs are a team built from the drat for the most part. Tim Duncan is probably the oldest player along with Dirk that is efficient. They didn't grab random "great" old players they kept once around that . Those players have their use, see Ray Allen last year, but they are role players on an already great team not a foundation for greatness. The only mistake the Lakers made by signing Howard was that he just had back surgery and not having him under contract for longer than a year, without be willing to part with Kobe at Howards whim. Good for fans loyal for Kobe bad for Lakerdom. Nets have other issues like a rookie drunkard coach and injuries but they were never real champion contenders.
Rj Base::What happened to all these foolish Nets "fans" who were talking all crazy this off season about Nets being a contender, what a bunch of Bozo wanna be's.
Wally Rouzer::i wonder if jason kidd will get drunk again after this game
Marvin Davis::That's just wrong.
Ben Black::Net fans be like " it's gonna take time"
Anthony Do::Go Blazers!!!
Dishant Patel::So much for being tough and trying to send message to other teams (Pierce) in Preseason. BUT when the real season begins all of the tough guys sit out game with injuries because they pushed themselves too hard in the PRE-SEASON..... Just lmao !!!! WHITE HOT HEAT!!!!
Dishant Patel::Rob Horton If you follow NBA then you would know what i am talking about !!
Marvin Davis::My sentiments exactly. Nets got up to play the heat and won by 1 point. They should have conserved there energy for the rest of the league. Lol!
John R Barker::Few things bring me greater joy than watching Kevin Garnett lose.
Adam Pilarski::One of those things just happened for me: Tom Brady losing AND being pissed off about it.
Chad Wiggins::lol at brooklyn fossilized fossils.... what a pathetic bunch of losers
Chad Wiggins::lol at brooklyn, they are seriously pathetic... cannot get a stop to save their lives... portland has scored like 19 of their last 21 trips... PATHETIC
Brandon Tigues::damian lillard playing like an allstar so far this season..20.1 ppg 5.8 assist
Eric Worstell::yeah. would like those assist numbers to go up a lil tho. ( i know. nit picking but still)
Brandon Tigues::Eric Worstell  I understand what you're saying though he def could be averaging more..especially since he averaged 6 last season, but the season is still young.
Eric Worstell::Brandon Tigues no doubt
Chad Wiggins::my gosh they are trash... fossils..... put them down for the love of basketball fans everywhere
Tony Hartmann::They should put Garnett and Pierce in a museum.
Doug Ashcraft::Rip City!  Go Blazers!
Michael Winter::GO BLAZERS!!!
Silas Reyes::Paul Allen has to be feeling pretty good. Blazers are off to a 9-2 start with the 4th youngest team in the league. And seahawks are 10-1 with the 5th youngest team in the NFL. Future looks bright for both franchises.
Eric Worstell::yeah. altho it will be tough to keep that hawks team together long term. lots of guys comin up for FA.... can't keep them all when they're all as good as they have been. too much $$ out there for them.
Teresa McGarr::Blazers moving to 9-2. Portland is for real
Marc Pascal::11 games in and a relatively soft schedule, I don't think so. Playoffs for sure, 6th seed my guess.
Teresa McGarr::Marc Pascal -  9-2, u mad?
Jimson C. Cuenta::Marc Pascal - Just so you know, the Blazers handed the Spurs their only loss of the season so far. This team is for real.
Matt Johnson::that 4 or 5 travels now on the Net's that have netted them 2 free throws WTF REFS CALL A FAIR GAME THIS IS FREAKING SAD. WOW
Derek Mustachi::I warned you...
Teresa McGarr::Paul Pierce used to be the truth, Russell Wilson is now the truth.
Eric Worstell::naw, russell is just DangeRuss
Roy Harrigan::And this is the team that is supposed to knock off Miami? smh
Gabe Monroe::Um no that would be the Pacers.
Rob Loveday::I thought the Nets were supposed to be the #2 team in the East.
Marvin Davis::That's number 12
Cyrus Faridi::Marc Pascal If you've been a fan for 25 so called years, then you know the history of these here Trail Blazers. Jail Blazers? Ok. Those same Jail Blazers were within one quarter of reaching the NBA finals in 2000 (and probably would have beaten that weak Pacers team). Frail Blazers? Ok. Bad luck, but that team was geared up to be one of the greats. Us Blazers fans have a lot of pride for our history, and even more pride for how our team is playing so far.
Jonah Swidan::Weak Pacers team my dick, that was one of the best Pacers team ever and they would of beat Portland
Roderick Marshall::If Portland remains aggressive they can win this game, in spite of the refs. Go Blazers!!
Don Gilman::Blazers lookin good!
Seth Johnson::Blazers win against a depleted Nets
