poyman::Malone is  a bad joke for a coach... I had thought that he had finally learned in the Clipper game that as a team you play better without Mugsy... but apparently not... This game was winnable but 34 minutes for Mugsy spells guaranteed loss... 8 assists and 4 turnovers to go along with his standard low 30% shooting from the field and 25% from beyond the arch... (Yet he continues to take the most shots on the team)...  Meanwhile, his man Curry, has another career night against the 5'8" guard...14-24 from the field (almost 60%) 5-8 from 3 point range (62.5%), 10 assists and 3 steals...  Thomas is killing the Kings chances of getting "W's" but Malone (who is paid to get it, simply doesn't)... Just like Smart... Sacramento is doomed to be a non-Sacramento franchise in the future.
THE_CHIEF::Its odd that Williams took so few shots in the game.
daniel::How is it possible to out shoot an opponent, out rebound an opponent, and out free-throw an opponent and still lose at home?  The Kings showed us how tonight.
Bryan Quinlan::They let the Warriors win, Demarcus was +19 and the only started, Thompson, who they want to trade, played more than 21 minutes. The Kings are showcasing those players they want to trade and securing their draft pick. Just look at the box score it's easy to tell. Last game against the Clips, the league helped us by giving the Clips close to 40 free throws to our ten. SO, bOth the league and our team are in on the fixing of the Kings getting a top 3 pick! Which, I SUPPORT!
daniel::When the Kings were down 2 with under 10 seconds left and Isaiah Thomas had the ball, I knew the game was over. Thomas will shoot that ball 100 times out of 100.  He is too dumb to pass, and he will lose many more games that way unless the head coach is smart enough to keep him out of the game in that situation.
THE REAL DWIGHT::i say  kings lose 105 to 102
jammin400::Foul trouble for everyone in GS's starting lineup but Curry.  3 a piece for Lee, Barnes, and Bogut and 4 for Thompson.
Jeff::The 'Pizza Guy' misses the delivery again.......what a selfish and idiotic play, but that's typical of the Kings.
fup duck::why bench McLemore?  This coach doesn't give his starters a chance to gain constistency
In My Sixties::Play Jimmer or trade him.  The kid deserves an opportunity.
