spilledthesalt69::go future sonics!
BurnabyJoeFan::I gotta say... I was NOT impressed with Cousins.  Guy couldn't keep his cool.  I know he was getting blocked and dunked on left and right... But that guy is a psychopath.
colosportsman::I agree. He really does not belong in the league. He is an assault waiting to happen.
PFMGOAT86::Looks like Faried is finally coming out of his post All Star weekend slump
NuggNation::Ok, anyone see the shots Cousins took at McGee and Faried in the 4th quarter!?  The guy is a bum, and just a downright dirty (and crappy) player.  McGee made him look foolish on an alley-oop dunk, and right after the play cousins looked like he took a swing and just about close-lined McGee to the floor.  Faried blocked Cousins layup a few plays later and Cousins went after him and shoved him.  I hope this a$$h0le gets suspended for a game or two.  What a terrible player
puhleez_ho::Andre miller is good 90% of the time.  He deserves more respect.
Big Dan 2773::Some folks will disagree, but the only team with a chance, based on past performances, to beat Miami in the NBA finals is Utah.
348Braden::What??
PFMGOAT86::huh? what an odd comment
Czeren7390::LOL
w_steven_fulton::Is Ty Lawson quietly becoming a top 3 point guard?  Dudes numbers have been sick the last month.
w_steven_fulton::I just saying, dude is averaging over 20 points and 8 assist the last month.  Those were Derrick Rose's numbers when he won the MVP.  I'm still taking Paul and Westbrook but who else?
BurnabyJoeFan::Curry hard to overlook too.  That doesn't put Ty down... There are a lot of good PG in the West right now.
charlie hustle bets the over::hate him, but tony parker.
dog_has_fleas::After a game against the Kings, you should never ask if a player is becoming top 3.
Ivanov21::he's really playing great but saying he's top 3 is a bit of a reach !
NuggetThugs::NuggetNation baby! Just win baby!
Pepiope::Gallo 5-6 from 3? Nice.
razzledazzletj81::The Kings stars(IT, DMC, Thorton) managed to to stuff their stats, but they still lost. Same ol', same ol'. Glad I went to bed and missed it.
dog_has_fleas::here is my issue with the Kings. We want Reke to play the 2 when he really isn't one. He is a ball dominant player who needs it in his hands to make things work, much like IT. The difference between the two is about 12 inches. Reke can dominate smaller PGs. But he doesn't distribute well enough to warrant to spot according to most. So I think it is time to deal him or IT, whichever they think is their actual future.
diehardnr1::GG Kings...that 3 point display to cut the lead from 14 to 5 in less than a minute had me worried for awhile...  Another road win....nice!  Keep the streaks going (3 road Ws and Home streak) and see if they can pull off getting to .500 on the road (tough...need to go 7-1 with tough games in SAS, OKC, UTA, DAL CHI...split Spurs and Sonics and it is not impossible...).  Kudos to Dre Miller for restoring order when DEN legs started tiring out in 4th Qtr..  Without his YMCA lay-ups and cool-headed lobs this could have been a nightmare plane ride back to DEN.    I was encouraged to see the Nuggets get angry and then use that anger to fuel their tired legs, All-in-all another tough, gritty W by a Nuggets team that is finally figuring out ways to win the games they "should" win.  GO NUGGETS!!!
GodofAcid::I'll be honest, Kings fans.. I'm worried about our playoff chances..
diehardnr1::Post of the Day so far...
martinfingers::Can't give up over 100 points a game and win in the playoffs. FACT.
ddedrickson::thank you mr know it all.  go finger schlog yourself
Votto4mvp005065::true .
martinfingers::Awesome! winning road games in spite of our lazy, let's settle for just getting to the first round, coach. George Karl is the only thing in Denver that needs to go, now that Melo is gone.
ddedrickson::obivously finger schlogger doens't have a life.  Anything to discredit Denver makes him sleep better at night.  LMAO!!!!
charlie hustle bets the over::gk sucks, bro.  his sonic days are long gone. name a set play other than the high screen n roll that mcgee and miller run, please. anyone can coach this team with this much talent.
RockyBeth6741::So you get rid of a HOF coach, who has brought Mcgee to normal mode (usually) and has turned denver around for good.
Votto4mvp005065::lol typical wilson chandler scoring 35 on friday and showing up with 4 pts today :D
diehardnr1::Uh....maybe the fact that this was 2nd in a traveling B2B (Ill got 13pts, 5RBs 3 dimes and +19 in 27 mins vs ATL) and that Wilson is playing on a newly healed hip had something to do with it??   If Faried had not gotten into foul trouble early 3rd, then I doubt we would have seen Ill Wil for more than 12-15 minutes tonight.
1502blue::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wsf7NjtekjY
Shamed_Shaun::man what happened to tyreke...
pie564647::The nuggets are an excellent team defensively. I saw them in sacramento and in okc and their steals and on-ball defense is excellent. Teams score a lot because of how fast paced we are and how quickly we score with the ball instead of waiting till &lt;5 seconds to shoot. If someone is off their game (tonight chandler) someone picks up the slack such as gallinari and Andre miller. Free throws were off tonight tho and that is a huge concern, but overall, this team is phenominal
Kred28::Finally somebody else sees it too. Free throws are a major concern but much improved everywhere else. Especially on the defensive end and rebounding
Shamed_Shaun::half court game needs to improve
mariomanninghamstornACL::I'm sorry, I am sorry everyone thinks I'm being negative. I am a Nuggets fan, have been my whole life. Despite my negativity I still watch every game I can and cheer us on. Unfortunately like the Broncos, regular season doesn't equal postseason and things change.
Young_Guruu::"Postseason changes everything" A young Nuggets team that plays the same offense and defense took a Laker squad that was heavily favored to 7 games nearly winning. It was a Nuggets team that was relatively new to each other, having only played two half seasons together. Ty Lawson came in to his own that year proving he can be a number one scoring option. You can't write a team off that has clearly gotten better when they were pretty damn good last year.
RockyMountainWay1::16-4 in our last 20 games thats pretty solid
NickBenCor::3 of those were games in a row without iggy and gallo i believe
mariomanninghamstornACL::That's a stat I didn't know, very impressive.
johnholmes6969::nuggets got lcky good lck against memphis
BurnabyJoeFan::You run out of u's?
Young_Guruu::Nuggets are a match up problem for Memphis.
doof54::Much more of a matchup problem for the team memphis used to be.  Grizz are a different team than they were a month ago.
mariomanninghamstornACL::you mean iggy good? ;)
mariomanninghamstornACL::whatever u say "nuggets fan". Our offense is different this year. More efficient. A hell of a lot more efficient then when Melo was here and we got to the WCF once with him. Thats somewhere in the playoffs. I think we are better this year and have the record to prove that we are right there _____________________________________________________________ It's the same offense!!!! Why are you being such a baby about this? A real fan is a fan that's able to critique his team and see the flaws. WE HAVE FLAWS! We're not sound defensively, we're not great at overall SP. We're not always great at free throws, we lack focus on the road. We don't always run or play with tenacity. We are a GOOD team, we're athletic, talented and fun to watch. Keep calling me a fake fan and I will keep laughing, I'm a realist.
Kred28::And like I said we are there with the leagues best with SP.  Not always great at free throws?? really shows that you don't watch. That would be your one legit argument against this years teams compared to other years
Kred28::EVERY team has flaws!! And its the same TYPE of offense. We don't have Melo jacking up 25+ shots a game to slow us down. Instead they find the open man and get the easy basket. We have a very YOUNG team who are coming into there own and turning corners. Its not the same offense.  Lawson's never had a season like this and the rest of the team is young and are maturing by the day. We make more high percentage shots this season than any I can remember
mariomanninghamstornACL::I'm not trying to be negative or say that. I changed my ESPN name and everyone is on my $@% for "not being a fan" I LOVE the Nuggets, I hope we win obviously. We're average defensively, slightly better then average offensively, but overall a good team. I just accept we wont win.
mariomanninghamstornACL::Bears for sheer intelligence you're absolutely correct. I'm not basing my assumptions off of past success though. Merely the averages of our style of offense in a half court system.
bearsbball12::You're not a realist, you're a pessimist. I understand that the Nuggets need to prove that they can be successful in the playoffs and to this point they haven't done it. That's being a realist. Saying they have no chance to win in the playoffs because to this point they haven't done it is being a pessimist.
mariomanninghamstornACL::Because I am a realist? Why is that so hard to see? Our regular season stats are skewed. Postseason changes EVERYTHING!
bearsbball12::I guess one plus of being a pessimist is you're never disappointed...
Kred28::Very negative. How do u claim to LOVE a team that you preach has no chance?? And trust us it has nothing to do with your screen name that makes us think you're not a dedicated fan. Slightly better than average offensively is averaging 3rd in the NBA in points per game. Ya makes a lot of sense
mariomanninghamstornACL::Pessimistic? Maybe. But they've proven to be losers. It's sad yes. But our offense is based on fast paced turnovers and easy scores. We're not a great shooting team. Comparison - suns would win lights out and lose their $@% come postseason. Nobody loses those battles postseason time, too easy to defend against. We're GOOD offensively, but in a limited, gimmicky offense. We have few/no good pure scorers.
Young_Guruu::Well man, you are being negative. Its cool to point out flaws just not to be a total downer. Its lame and weak spirited. And yeah, I agree with bears, you sure are pessimistic if you think the nuggets are only slightly better than average offensively....
bearsbball12::Slightly better than average offensively? You may be a fan, but you sure are a pessimistic one.
Young_Guruu::Dude, we're not a top ten team defensively but you make it sound like we're the worst in the league. Denver is a mid grade defensive team and certainly a different defensive team than we've ever seen before (except for Maybe the Sonics in 2001 when GK coached there). If you think the Nuggets are bad defensively sorry you've got no clue.
mariomanninghamstornACL::Oh and our regular season SP is a joke compared to postseason. It's halfcourt, we won't get those layups, it's why WE LOSE!
MikeBreenGetGreen::The Lakers board is frightening
RockyMountainWay1::who was the dude that said he went to the game tonight?
sjohnson2013_08::The Last comment was 59 minutes ago? Dammmmmm
mariomanninghamstornACL::no it wasn't?
mariomanninghamstornACL::Peace out Denver Boi, must suck to eat crow after talking $@%! and being proven wrong.
Kred28::And what did you prove?? Nothing.
Young_Guruu::Please don't claim to be a Nuggets fan when they clean up the west within the next couple of years.
Kirk-ls-My-Hinrich::Only 1 back of  Memphis.
RockyMountainWay1::big game with them at home.. it might decide the final standings
mariomanninghamstornACL::Cool cool so friday night, I'll tune in
RockyMountainWay1::Yeah March 15th so in a couple weeks
mariomanninghamstornACL::Ah ok, it's in march though right? I saw a quote by Karl on the DP about it. i misconstrued the context apparently. I do know we're 2-1 though
RockyMountainWay1::mariomanninghamstornACL - last game of the season right? I think I read that  well the last game with the Griz for the season
mariomanninghamstornACL::last game of the season right? I think I read that
mariomanninghamstornACL::that's good, we need home court against them, their court is crazy
Ameero80::Smack me in the mouth now biiiitch!     -Serge Ibaka
The Warden of Wardenclyffe Tower::"FREE JIMMER!" - what we should write on a sign when we dump him on the curb in Pioneer Square when the Kings come to Seattle.
mariomanninghamstornACL::http://sportsnation.espn.go.com/fans/NugsAvsBroncosRockies  http://neighbors.denverpost.com/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&amp;u=12951  There idiot. My ESPN name won't let me comment anymore, this name was a joke. Nice try though on your "great made-up name"
Kred28::Come on Iggy is much better than Jones. Better scorer, passer and even on a bad game has 5 steals and 7 assists. He is a complete player and brings our whole team up a notch defensively
Kred28::Not as consistent as I would like but the ability to do so is there more than before. Our free throws though may kill us when it matters most
Kred28::Ya he does and just like Afflalo but better. I think he alone changes our whole defense tho. I feel like they are all getting more steals and turnovers and stops with Iggy on this team. He shows them how its done. I truly believe a lot more in them nowadays to get those stops when we REALLY need them more so than ever.
rolandftw::I agree he's a better player, I just meant that he has the ability to be a great defender for us.  Much like Jones was able to really annoy Chris Paul, maybe Iggy can contain Durant.  I don't think Ty and Faried are good defenders at this point, so that puts our entire team defense at a bit of a disadvantage.  Love both as players, but are both undersized obviously at their position.
Kred28::whatever u say "nuggets fan". Our offense is different this year. More efficient. A hell of a lot more efficient then when Melo was here and we got to the WCF once with him. Thats somewhere in the playoffs. I think we are better this year and have the record to prove that we are right there
Kred28::How often in the past has our shooting percentage been among the league leaders? How often in the past have we been second in the league in rebounds?? Tell me that realists
mariomanninghamstornACL::Again roland being a realist, thank god!
rolandftw::We've had runs like this in the past.  And when we made the run that we did, Melo bought into defense.  Played well for us.  Dahntay Jones, while a bit dirty was able to annoy other teams star guard.  Maybe Iggy can play that role for us, minus the dirtiness.  And K-Mart also played good D for us.  Love the Manimal but the dude is a liability on the defensive end of the court, and one that we can't currently afford on a team lacking stars.
mariomanninghamstornACL::and that will = 2-3 playoffs wins at best. Great regular season, poor postseason. I should be a coach, apparently I understand the culmination between defense/offensive efficiency come playoff time. Our offense does NOT work in the postseason. Hasn't 30+ years taught anyone anything?
rolandftw::Hah, thanks.  For me I still see the team as a work in progress.  Most of our top players haven't begun to enter their prime yet, so there is a lot of room to improve for this squad.  I don't think we win it all this year, but it might still be a very fun ride for the team.  And if we can get the 4 seed and bounce Memphis...  perhaps give OKC a bit of a scare, that is great progress for this team.  They need to get out of the first round though.  Failure to do that, should put Karl on the hot seat in my view.  You can only lose in the first round so many times, before some of the blame goes on the coach
mariomanninghamstornACL::Jesus, I like you. You're a realist with a spot on mind. Exactly, we need to be sound defensively, cash in on free throws and hope no one is ridiculously hot. Were a GOOD team, very good, we just don't have the assets to win it all I don't believe.
rolandftw::If we force turnovers, it will work.  If not, it won't.  But even in the half court offense, we have players capable of making plays and producing.  It is more a question to me of  a) Denver making free throws down the stretch b) Defense, defense, defense.  Not sure we are there quite yet against teams like the Clippers/Spurs/Thunder
Kred28::What makes anyone else have a better chance then us? The fact that they have all-stars??
Kred28::Totally agree and the FT percentage could be what kills us this year. Especially against teams like them. But the reason we have such a good record with how absolutely terrible we have been at the line is because so many other areas are much improved
rolandftw::OKC got outshot against us the last two games, but was still in the game late because of the huge free throw advantage.  Both Westbrook and Durant are going to get tons of calls, and even on a mediocre night are going to fill the stat sheet.  And either one have the ability to carry their team.  It's not really shooting percentage that is a concern.
Kred28::Same shooting percentage as the Clippers. And another that is well below us in rebounding... Any other legit reasons?? Or do u just like to assume that because thats how its been every previous year?
Kred28::Seriously?? OKC has a .08 better FG percentage then us! Miami isn't much further and we have out-rebounded and out-ran them both this year on top of getting better on D. You admitted u don't have time to watch why are u trying to defend that
mariomanninghamstornACL::Agreed man. We have a great "TEAM" but they have stars that show up. It sucks but come playoff time that's what you need.
rolandftw::Durant/Westbrook are going to get the benefit of the doubt more often then not.  We won't win the free throw battle with them.  We need one of our players to emerge as a star player over the next 2-3 seasons.  I don't want to say that we can't win, but it would be very, very tough.  Not wishing injuries on anyone but we would probably need a major injury to knock them off.  Similar story with the Clippers and Paul/Griffin, although there is a better chance for an upset there.  Spurs probably fall off a bit with the Parker injury.
mariomanninghamstornACL::the fact they are better overall teams? better shooting percentage?
rolandftw::No chance to win a title, yeah.  But we are not average either.
mariomanninghamstornACL::I agree Roland, it's good being a realist. I always have faith, but I live in reality.
rolandftw::There's only really 4 teams that I would say have a better shot then we do.  Heat, Clippers, Thunder, Spurs.  Unfortunately, 3 of those teams are in the Western Conference.  We are a very young team, with only the two Andre's being above 25.  We'll have a chance to make some noise in the future, but going to be hard to match both the Thunder and the Heat.  Have to hope the Heat break up their trio, and maybe the Thunder have some bad luck one year
mariomanninghamstornACL::we are a good team, yes. Fun to watch regularly, i'm just disappointed we don't compete for the real deal.
denverboi1993::"Hopefully we lose early postseason"  That's a direct quote from you referring to the Nuggets... do you understand why everyone here hates you now?
Kred28::How the hell would you know you don't even know who Tomofey Mozgov is. You don't even understand why a 19 year old rookie isn't playing under George Karl. Farried didn't even get much at first. Yet, Id put money on the fact that this years team has a better shooting percentage than any team since Melo was drafted. And that was your first argument against us
mariomanninghamstornACL::Nothing is different!
Kred28::Hating on the team that u call urself a fan of makes you one. Especially a team that is in the top few of the west and you say they have no chance. Its obvious you haven't been watching this year because you don't get whats different about this years team
mariomanninghamstornACL::No, but hating on your own fans and calling them liars for having a un-colorado name makes you one. I'm just being a dick now to be a dick
evandziobak15::For real why are you a fan if you just want them to lose... Cheering on your team doesn't make you a homer
mariomanninghamstornACL::It's just fun to watch you all cry. I'm sorry that it's true, everyone with a brain knows we have no chance.
denverboi1993::You are literally the worst fan I've ever seen.
Jake-Macauley::Do you know what Average means? The Lakers are 30-31, that is the definition of Average. The Nuggets have the 6th best record in the NBA. That is well above average.
mariomanninghamstornACL::no the NBA is just literally my 4th favorite sport. I made a smartass joke about negros and you decided to cry like a little girl. I'm sorry the Nuggets are average, I love my teams, but we're average. We were with Melo, we are without him. We aren't going anywhere, I know it sucks to hear. I'll watch all the playoff games like I always do and wear my Lawson jersey and be disappointed like I have been for the past NINE YEARS!
Nargash35::Javale Mcgee is a fool. Check this out: http://probasketballtalk.nbcsports.com/2011/07/11/this-is-javale-mcgee-planking-in-a-freezer/ http://misterirrelevant.com/index.php/2010/08/16/javale-mcgee-segway-mcdonalds-drive-through/
evandziobak15::True fans believe in their squad
sports guy12::Dang, Faried did all of that in 21 minutes.  Imagine what he could do if Karl played him longer
The Warden of Wardenclyffe Tower::This is the Kings we're talking about...
Nargash35::Him and McGee have breathing problem. They will be ready come playoffs time..!!
denverboi1993::Yea but he got in foul trouble early in the third.
MTN_HIGH_CO::Andre Iguodala, SG.  Awesome.
MTN_HIGH_CO::Nuggets need away wins in the playoffs, so getting back to .500 would be a plus.  Coach K needs to go to another NBA finals!!!!
akpham11::I probably seen a handful of Kings games this year.  But everytime I watch their games , D cousins is one lazy dude.  His lack of hustle and his demeanor on the courts is awful.  So this is the best and highest paid player on the team?  You Sacramento fans deserve better then this.  This guy will never change. He dont care. Hes a millionaire and he's content in life.
The Warden of Wardenclyffe Tower::John Salmons is their highest paid player with $8 million, over twice what Cousins makes.  That's sad.
helmsey::Just think if Cousins played as hard as the Manimal.  He could be awesome. But instead he is pathetic.
mariomanninghamstornACL::1.) I have a life 2.) I work at 5AM 3.) This isn't my original SN, ESPN bans for laughing at jokes, original name is nugsavsbroncosrockies 4.) I post on denverpost, not ESPN
jayeteee::5, Bu.tt hurt about something Denver.
denverboi1993::Cleveland Browns fan maybe? lol
denverboi1993::1. Generic troll thing to say. 2. Probably true. Doesn't change the fact that you're a troll 3. Wait to pick to most generic Colorado based username.  4. Ummmm you've been a member for four months... you expect us to believe that?
mariomanninghamstornACL::Hopefully we lose early postseason so I can laugh at all you homers who think we have a chance to win anything.
evandziobak15::You are not a fan... Clown
Kred28::And now u just hoped to lose. Still call urself a fan? Im sure the Nuggets don't even want you as a fan. Go worship the Heat like gay-boy
denverboi1993::LOL yea with a comment like that you aren't a fan... Why are you still trying to convince everyone? No one here likes you. Now shoo.
jayeteee::Every fan base has their biggest Negative Nancy, you get my vote.
denverboi1993::He's not a fan. Read his comments below. Just the average troll.
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::forgazi fans drive me crazy
Nargash35::Thanks for your insight..!!
BleedingOrangeAndBlue35::And Faried is a stud, still raw talent and already very productive, could end up with big money in denver or elsewhere down the road.
mariomanninghamstornACL::Lol whatever. I've probably been a Nuggets fan longer then you've been alive, but I'm also a realist. Congrats we have 4 white guys and I don't know our roster by heart. You work at 5am and follow a team you can't watch play, you know how boring a recap/newspaper is? Keep your hope up, round 1 we're done, like always. This isn't layup city come playoff time, everybody knows Chauncey killed it and that's why we got as far as we did 2009.
Kred28::Well I guess at least u didnt call urself a good nuggets fan. Sorry we stick up for our team even when it is our own supposed fans talking $@%!.. Im white as can be racist, just defensive with my teams. Chauncey is awesome though. At least u got that right
Nargash35::I like how he consider TY and Iggy white people. Keep watching and we need your insight here..!
Nargash35::LOOL Thanks for the insight..!!
denverboi1993::And with a name like that you really think people will take you seriously? And why is this the first time any Nuggets fan has seen you here if you claim to have been a Nuggets fan for soooo long? You can only mask your lies for so long. Just admit it.
denverboi1993::Real fans display their teams on the favorite teams list...
denverboi1993::Again... you aren't a fan.
Nargash35::Ok. Thanks for your insight again..!!
mariomanninghamstornACL::not insight, facts. I can't believe you idiot fans are talking $@%! to your own fans. Must be the mexicans in Denver, you all seem to love basketball.
jayeteee::Thursdays game will be the biggest of the year so far. There, I said it! Go Nuggets!!!!!!!
Nargash35::I have a feeling we are gonna blow them out. Just a feeling I don't know why..!!
jayeteee::Then that'll be HUGE!!!!
BleedingOrangeAndBlue35::You gotta say the Nuggets are one of the three best in the West right now (Thunder, Clips)
BleedingOrangeAndBlue35::We'll see with Parker out. notice I said right now, not in the playoffs
denverboi1993::Spurs?
Nargash35::JAVALE MCGEE SHAQTIN A FOOL
40oz. to Freedom::40 win mark lookin real sexy.
Nargash35::I still believe the Nuggets have chance at the 3 seed...!!
Kred28::Okay a lot of help lol... Wishful thinking but homecourt is good enough for me
Kred28::We still have a chance at #1 and 2 with how we are playing. Just need a little help
Eric Forman.::ESPN wasn't working for me for a while so even though it's late good game Nuggets fans. I enjoyed watching Faried go off during the Rising Stars game.
Nargash35::Cousins just awful..!!
Nargash35::I slept during the 4th quarter lol but great W anyway..!!
Quincy Miller 30 is my gay SEX partner h o m o gay::<a><b> I am a queer bait i &lt;3 dick so whata</b></a>
Kpmg allstar::f.agged, I mean flagged
RockyMountainWay1::you're pretty pathetic
mariomanninghamstornACL::what does your name even mean?
