NYeltigre::For all Indiana nuts about that last call, you have reason to gripe but there were two missed calls that could have lost it for the jazz. The one on the inbounds at the end of regulation was not touched by hibbert but almostwent in. Second the callthat gave possesion to pacers after it clearly went off hill not hayward. Bad calls both ways.
van.muhle::Actually the last call was correct because the bottom, front, top, and both sides of the backboard are considered inbounds, only the back of the back board is out of bounds, and Paul's pass hit the side of the back board, hence it was ruled inbound and the correct call.
UtahQuad::Let me just ask the question to the Pacer fans who keep posting the supposed rules and acting like they understand them better than a veteran crew of refs... IF what you claim is true, then the ball should have been Utah ball at the end of regulation with 0.2 on the clock as the pacers threw the ball in and it hit the backboard and rim first, then was tipped by a player. According to your interpretation of the rules that should have then been Utah ball with the same 0.2 put back on the clock giving Utah a chance at the same kind of tip, am I correct? Or does that only work in YOUR favor when it suits you? NBATV, the channel dedicated to the sport covered it and even they said it was the correct call. Get over it. Plenty of balls hit the side during play, and are not called out. Only when they hit the backboard supports, or standard are they out. Balls also hit the top of the backboard, come back off the front, and as long as they didn't hit the clock or other bars up top, they are still in play. Quit posting the rules like you understand them better than the NBA. Also quit spamming the same message over and over!
UtahQuad::I don't, but what I do know is that NBATV, the professional NBA analysts and the NBA officials all said the call was made right. I tend to think that those people who have played the game, and been in the NBA for decades would know better than ANY of us fans. That is my point. And @normin1, No hibbert did not tip it to the rim, it hit the rim, backboard, and THEN a player. go watch it again in slow-mo. I was at the arena, and have since watched the game on my DVR as well, and seen the NBATV explanation. The call was right, plain and simple. Why did they have to review it if they knew what it was? My point about people claiming the floor is also a violation comes from other messages where people are quoting the rules. If you read what they quoted, and what I referenced in my message, you would see the note, read my followup, or better yet read what I am posting here... (SECTION F.A throw-in which touches the floor, or any object on or outside the boundary line, or touches anything above the playing surface is a violation. The ball must be thrown directly inbounds.) No one directly quoted about the floor, however if you read the rule that was posted, you will see that it says ANY throwin that touches the FLOOR, etc. is a violation. How would you interpret that?
Momma Pete96::If you claim he doesn't understand the rules, who says that you understand them either?
berzfurry1::except the front of the backboard is considered inbounds and the back of the backboard is considered out-of-bounds.  the refs should have atleast reviewed the play to ensure the correct call was made. NBATV is not a officiating entity, they are former players and coaches voicing their opinion.
normin1::Actually Roy Hibbert tipped it to the rim so it still wouldn't have been Pacers ball. And where do you see people saying the ball can't touch the floor. The only person that has said that is you.
NYeltigre::Hibbert did not touch it. Watch it again more closely
UtahQuad::ALSO, if your interpretation fo the rules is correct, then according to that rule, the ball may not touch the floor, which means EVERY pass must be player to player, no bounce passes, no rolling the ball on the floor after a score, etc. According to what you have posted, the floor is included in the list of things the ball cannot touch first. So if that is true, then every player who rolls the ball on an inbounds after a score, so that the team can get set while the point guard picks up the ball near half court, is in violation.  Re-read section f. of the tules from the post below (quoted here... f. A throw-in which touches the floor, or any object on or outside the boundary line, or touches anything above the playing surface is a violation. The ball must be thrown directly inbounds.) and tell me if that is not correct. If that IS correct then 70% of inbounds plays during a game are done totally wrong. I am just saying, if you know the rules so much better, then tell me if that is true? As far as the way it was called last night, I am more likened to believe the NBA that the call was correct. And I am also more able to believe that the inbounds after a score that touch the floor are also allowed, and not in violation. But hey what would I know, just a NBA fan for 28 years!
davidjlyon::Hayward is great on occasion.   But he is putrid on occasion and he has lost a number of games for the Jazz with his ball handling and shot selection in the fourth quarter.  Last night against the Pacers was another example - and the Jazz were lucky to win a game they really needed in their playoff hunt.   Three turnovers in the waning minutes of a game as Hayward made is simply unacceptable for an NBA player.  And I don't see him getting any better - he has hit his peak and is never going to be more than he is.  So the Jazz should trade him (or bench him and play Burks).   As a Jazz fan I am just tired of seeing Hayward do stupid things - or going 1-8 from three point land on nights that he is off.   He is wildly inconsistent, and not a smart player.  So let's demote or get rid of him and chalk the wasted #9 pick to experience.
scow79::You're right.   40% from 3 just screams inconsistency.   You Sir are an idiot.  His per 36 stats are 18.3/4/3.5.   Seems like a very good NBA player to me.
Carmelloisfake::Are Jazz fans seriously saying Reggie Miller wasn't a superstar because he didn't win a championship? lol.  I guess John Stockton and Karl Malone weren't stars either.
ryensgin::Yeah those were not jazz fans, those were bulls fans
ryensgin::Way to almost blow this game jazz and Hayward.  Thank you big Al and earl Watson for saving the game.  Now please beat denver for us Indiana
jason21382::Utah dominates the whole NBA!
Real_Salt Lake::*at home
vergatease::lol!
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::NBA bylaws Chapter 16 § 32(c)(2)(iii)  Once the game has ended, discussing calls, or applicable "no-calls", correct or the opposite, made, or not made, by the referees during the aforementioned game will not result in an overturn of said calls and the result of the completed game shall remain final.
Spurty27::whats a bylaw?
berzfurry1::Except for the fact that this occured with 2 sec left in the game not after the game ended.  Im not gonna say the right call was made or not made. what should have been done was for the Refs to atleast review the play when it occored to ensure they got the call right.  you may remember that with 1:58 left in regulation a play was reviewed to determine who should have possesion when a ball was tipped out-of-bounds.same thing should have happened here. when the game is on the line the refs should ensure the calls or no-calls are made correct
BiggestHandsomeHoosier_Colts_STLCards_Pacers::Hey, no one cares.
TimmyHardawayJr10::I remember when we beat the Wizards 3 times this year...
russet987::The ball can hit the backboard and is not a turnover only if its a back an dwhoever keeps posting the rules is dumb because it clearly says "A throw-in which touches the floor, or any object on or outside the boundary line, or touches anything above the playing surface is a violation."  The bottom of backboard is not out of bounds and it is in the playing surface.... above playing surface is the jumbo screen or speaker
russet987::Millsap then appeared to throw the inbounds pass off the backboard then caught the carom in bounds and was quickly fouled.  The officials huddled briefly to discuss the play, but ruled the ball hit the side of the backboard -- which is considered in play -- and Millsap sunk the ensuing free throws. USA today
scow79::If you think you're good enough to be able to do either of those things then more power to ya.
rjb9rc::I will be interested to see what justification comes through, according to the rules and the interpretation of "directly inbounds" and "above the playing surface," later.  According to this logic, you could bank the ball in from the sideline and it would be legit, or shoot from behind the goal.
russet987::Ok how many game winners do u want in the NBA where the ball hit the backboard????? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NaTKPeXgRdc
rjb9rc::When was this, twenty years ago?  This is your evidence to combat the current rule?
russet987::The ball is out-of-bounds when it touches a player who is out-of-bounds or any other person, the floor, or any object on, above or outside of a boundary or the supports or back of the backboard.
rjb9rc::It's not an out-of-bounds issue--it's an in-bounding issue, and the play violated section "f" of the rule.
russet987::the bottom of the backboard is directly in bounds... is it not
rjb9rc::No, it's not--it's about two feet and a half feet above the player's head to the left.  The defense that hitting the backboard on an out-of-bounds play is legitimate according to the rules below would not make a good lawyer.  You really think the "jumbo screen" or "speaker" was considered in an out-of-bounds play concerning "above the playing surface?"  The jumbo screen is at half-court and the speakers are several feet above the basket.
rjb9rc::The ball must be thrown "directly inbounds"...not ricocheted into the playing surface.
rjb9rc::So, the Pacers should have had a chance to send the game into double OT or win, but no dice due to a blown call (cited below)  That is all.  Good night, Pacers fans, Jazz fans, and to all the sad, lonely Phil's in this world.  "f. A throw-in which touches the floor, or any object on or outside the boundary line, or touches anything above the playing surface is a violation. The ball must be thrown directly inbounds.  PENALTY: Violation of this rule is loss of possession, and the ball must be inbounded at the previous spot of the throw-in."   http://www.nba.com/analysis/rules_8.html?nav=ArticleList
JazzIn2010::watch nba.com.... they show that the ruling is THE SIDE OF THE BACKBOARD IS INBOUNDS!!!  Good grief get over this
cdactor8::According to the rule...the analysts on nba.com are wrong.
russet987::The ball is out-of-bounds when it touches a player who is out-of-bounds or any other person, the floor, or any object on, above or outside of a boundary or the supports or back of the backboard. backboadr is directly in bounds
Chin6biz::Is milsap or Jefferson going to be traded?
Darkflame07::There is nothing available worth trading them for.
Phil81977::it was nice baiting you pacer fools, i mean, fans.
Chin6biz::Phil McCrevis. What a wiener!
iownamicrowave::bahahaha see what he did guys?!
Area55andG2::fortunately the pacers aren't like the 04 pistons. We don't have idiots like rasheed wallace on the team
FoxKat93::But, the Pistons won with Rasheed being a factor. Just saying.
FoxKat93::But, we aren't talking about Chicago. We are talking about the Pacers being compared to 04 Pistons. Nice to change the subject.
Area55andG2::the pacers are comparable to the pistons. smash mouth basketball. ben wallace and hibbert are comparable in the aspect of defense and rebounds. all around team.  and Chicago did in fact lose. just sayin. to the wizards
TimmyHardawayJr10::Derrick Rose, Lebron James, and Carmelo Anthony walk into a bar... . . . . To watch the Pacers in the NBA Finals
mikeisildur::It's 3-0 Thunder series lead and the score is 90-66 in the fourth quarter.
TimmyHardawayJr10::Sure... You go ahead and think that
Momma Pete96::The worst part about this game is no one will hear a word about it on ESPN tomorrow. Instead we will hear about the Lakers having team meetings over what to have for dinner.
TimmyHardawayJr10::Or how Chris Bosh looks like a dinosaur
FoxKat93::Or LBJ taking a power walk on the beach. Either one.
TimmyHardawayJr10::Or about how Ray Allen betrayed the Celtics
Phil81977::in today's nba era and salary cap and endorsement deals, small markets like indianapolis are a$$ out....won't get super star players to commit and won't win championships.  sorry pacers.  lol
normin1::Phil I hope you realize the Pacers have a better chance at winning the championship than the jazz do.
Area55andG2::have you managed to finish a sentence without lol at the end?
Momma Pete96::Just ignore him. It'll be his bedtime soon anyway.
iownamicrowave::PHIL. Dropin knowledge
Area55andG2::04 pistons didn't have a star. and they won
FoxKat93::The Pacers aren't the Pistons, now are they?
Phil81977::keep hope alive for the pacers.  lol
benjaminsipzner::$@%!$@%! pacers were in this game (and could have won) the ball hit the bottom of the back board and the pacers get ball with 2.2 seconds left and down 2. They could have won or lost but with terrible refereeing the hometown jazz get the win..... WOW
benjaminsipzner::exactly^^^^^^
benjaminsipzner::well the inbounder still touched the ball after it hit the backboard before he established himeslf in bounds
Momma Pete96::rjb just copy section f instead of the whole thing
rjb9rc::just trying to provide complete context to avoid "cherry-picking" / "you're making that up" calls.
JPHoks1981::Watch NBA TV right now the right call was made
rjb9rc::Looks like Indiana should have been given the ball. Oops. Lee    Section III-The Throw-In   a. The throw-in starts when the ball is at the disposal of a player entitled to the throw-in. He shall release the ball inbounds within 5 seconds from the time the throw-in starts. Until the passed ball has crossed the plane of the boundary, no player shall have any part of his person over the boundary line and teammates shall not occupy positions parallel or adjacent to the baseline if an opponent desires one of those positions. The defensive man shall have the right to be between his man and the basket.   b. On a throw-in which is not touched inbounds, the ball is returned to the original throw-in spot.   c. After a score, field goal or free throw, the latter coming as the result of a personal foul, any player of the team not credited with the score shall put the ball into play from any point out-of-bounds at the endline of the court where the point(s) were scored. He may pass the ball to a teammate behind the endline; however, the five-second throw-in rule applies.   d. After a free throw violation by the shooter or his teammate, the throw-in is made from out-of-bounds at either end of the free throw line extended.   e. Any ball out-of-bounds in a team's frontcourt or at the midcourt line cannot be passed into the backcourt. On all backcourt and midcourt violations, the ball shall be awarded to the opposing team at the midcourt line, and must be passed into the frontcourt.   EXCEPTION: During the last two minutes of the fourth period and/or any overtime period, the ball may be passed anywhere (frontcourt or backcourt) on the court.   f. A throw-in which touches the floor, or any object on or outside the boundary line, or touches anything above the playing surface is a violation. The ball must be thrown directly inbounds.   EXCEPTION: Rule 8-Section III-c.   PENALTY: Violation of this rule is loss of possession, and the ball must be inbounded at the previous spot of the throw-in
russet987::bottom of backboard is not out of bounds only the back
rjb9rc::Read "f" man....what about this do you not understand?
Phil81977::pacers will never get a superstar player to commit to coming to indianapolis. lol
Chin6biz::You mentioned superstars coming to Indy.....not championships.
Phil81977::neither will be coming.  lol
russet987::You will never be a superstar person
Phil81977::^^apparently all of you fools don't know how to differentiate between a super star player and an average player.  lol
iownamicrowave::oh plz help phil, how do you differentiate betwee a player of super star and average quality?
TimmyHardawayJr10::Paul George will stay in Indy for a long time
iownamicrowave::Gerald Green
Area55andG2::and that's fine. We don't need one.
Grantox::paul george will be!
Chin6biz::Reggie miller. Lol
rjb9rc::Michael Jordan era = kind of hard to win rings
Phil81977::how many championship rings reggie got?  lol
Serg Abaka::Jazz tried as hard as they could to throw this game
its_complicated::oh hey serg i didn't know you knew how to type
Chin6biz::When is the trade deadline?
Chin6biz::Thanks
Grantox::feb 21 i think
Area55andG2::I like how phil made his account yesterday.
Momma Pete96::phil and iownamicrowave are the same excuse for a person with two accounts
Area55andG2::iownamicrowave is pacers fan
iownamicrowave::Thanks, momma pete!
Kobe 6-24 Game 7 Finals::Millsap threw it off the back board haha.
TimmyHardawayJr10::And I am getting really excited with Paul George, he is really starting to dominate. He'll make Indiana a force in the East for years to come.
Area55andG2::why does phil bother to comment if the pacers suck? like what's the purpose man?
Grantox::he has a small penissss
Phil81977::boy its a lot of  butt hurt pacer fans.  lol
rjb9rc::It is a lot of hurt fans, or there are a lot of hurt fans?  come on, phil, step up your game.
russet987::No i like the jazz lol
iownamicrowave::ha, phil. gotta love em
russet987::you moms a butt hurt fan
Phil81977::oh u still mad.  lol
ht money::#FUCKKKKPHIL
Area55andG2::what's your team phil?
rjb9rc::the 1977 macintosh computer
Phil81977::u mad?
mikeisildur::Wow blazers just edged the Clips
TimmyHardawayJr10::Pacers get screwed out of a perfect opporitunity. Thank God we have like the whole month of February at home. Thats when we will make our run for second, maybe even first
Grantox::hope sooo i like the pacers for the east!ill be rooting for them! they are the most deserving team in the east! good luck!
rjb9rc::Teams try to go .500 on the road.  If the Pacers can win in Denver, it will be a successful road trip.  Still, should have won tonight.
Grantox::not necessarily won but should have had the chance the last possession
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::As tough to win there
Phil81977::it won't matter in the bigger scheme of things.
Phil81977::russet987 - oh you mad.  lol
iownamicrowave::#realtalk  PHIL
russet987::your mom wont matter in the bigger scheme of things
Phil81977::i don't even know why the pacer fans are investing time ...pacers will be a first round exit.
russet987::We all know phill is a first semester exit in college
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::In 7 years.
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::That's more playoff games than either of us will play in this year. Kinda cool.
Area55andG2::oh thanks. I guess that's it for me. time to jump the heat banwagon with phil
iownamicrowave::PHIL #realtalk
Phil81977::you might as well...real talk.
iownamicrowave::PHILL!!! GOOD INFOO!!! TANKS!!!
ht money::Phil is a ffag
FunkVolumeOF::ESPN is talking about the celtics, ray Allen, lakers blah blah blah, but not this.
russet987::Its because this game is 2 small market teams
mikeisildur::The Jazz used to flop but haven't since Raja Bell left.
JPHoks1981::Im worried bout Gordon hope his injury isnt serious.
JPHoks1981::Ill kiss it better if I have to
Grantox::agreed. bet he pulled something! prob miss a couple games
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::He'll channel his inner Stockton and brush it off.
rjb9rc::Looks like Indiana should have been given the ball. Oops. Lee    Section III-The Throw-In   a. The throw-in starts when the ball is at the disposal of a player entitled to the throw-in. He shall release the ball inbounds within 5 seconds from the time the throw-in starts. Until the passed ball has crossed the plane of the boundary, no player shall have any part of his person over the boundary line and teammates shall not occupy positions parallel or adjacent to the baseline if an opponent desires one of those positions. The defensive man shall have the right to be between his man and the basket.   b. On a throw-in which is not touched inbounds, the ball is returned to the original throw-in spot.   c. After a score, field goal or free throw, the latter coming as the result of a personal foul, any player of the team not credited with the score shall put the ball into play from any point out-of-bounds at the endline of the court where the point(s) were scored. He may pass the ball to a teammate behind the endline; however, the five-second throw-in rule applies.   d. After a free throw violation by the shooter or his teammate, the throw-in is made from out-of-bounds at either end of the free throw line extended.   e. Any ball out-of-bounds in a team's frontcourt or at the midcourt line cannot be passed into the backcourt. On all backcourt and midcourt violations, the ball shall be awarded to the opposing team at the midcourt line, and must be passed into the frontcourt.   EXCEPTION: During the last two minutes of the fourth period and/or any overtime period, the ball may be passed anywhere (frontcourt or backcourt) on the court.   f. A throw-in which touches the floor, or any object on or outside the boundary line, or touches anything above the playing surface is a violation. The ball must be thrown directly inbounds.   EXCEPTION: Rule 8-Section III-c.   PENALTY: Violation of this rule is loss of possession, and the ball must be inbounded at the previous spot of the throw-in
JazzIn2010::Dude they said NBA made the call... not NBA TV... NBA TV just said the NBA made the call... They know the rule book better then you
JazzIn2010::NBA TV just said that the NBA just said that the refs made the right call... The NBA!  So do you know more then them?  That's right
rjb9rc::The rule-book....the rule-book....NBA TV is not the NBA rule-book.
JazzIn2010::He stole it fairly but then shoved him with his arm.... to be fair the refs were horrible on both sides all game
JazzIn2010::Well you should calm the damn down and stop being an $@%.... West fouled Hayward on the play before the PAcers tied the game so the game shouldn't have gone into OT... Jazz won so stop crying
qandrews94::Your insane. It was a clean steal and West was held back by Hayward. Not to mention .6 seconds should have been on the clock.
rjb9rc::Not crying...just pointing out the rules you are not reading.  Also, West did not foul Hayward...that wasn't even controversial.
JazzIn2010::Actually no.... Millsap hit the padding of the backboard, not the back... the padding is legit but the back would have been pacer ball
rjb9rc::read "f" and stop acting like you have any idea of what you are talking about
rjb9rc::Looks like Indiana should have been given the ball. Oops. Lee    Section III-The Throw-In   a. The throw-in starts when the ball is at the disposal of a player entitled to the throw-in. He shall release the ball inbounds within 5 seconds from the time the throw-in starts. Until the passed ball has crossed the plane of the boundary, no player shall have any part of his person over the boundary line and teammates shall not occupy positions parallel or adjacent to the baseline if an opponent desires one of those positions. The defensive man shall have the right to be between his man and the basket.   b. On a throw-in which is not touched inbounds, the ball is returned to the original throw-in spot.   c. After a score, field goal or free throw, the latter coming as the result of a personal foul, any player of the team not credited with the score shall put the ball into play from any point out-of-bounds at the endline of the court where the point(s) were scored. He may pass the ball to a teammate behind the endline; however, the five-second throw-in rule applies.   d. After a free throw violation by the shooter or his teammate, the throw-in is made from out-of-bounds at either end of the free throw line extended.   e. Any ball out-of-bounds in a team's frontcourt or at the midcourt line cannot be passed into the backcourt. On all backcourt and midcourt violations, the ball shall be awarded to the opposing team at the midcourt line, and must be passed into the frontcourt.   EXCEPTION: During the last two minutes of the fourth period and/or any overtime period, the ball may be passed anywhere (frontcourt or backcourt) on the court.   f. A throw-in which touches the floor, or any object on or outside the boundary line, or touches anything above the playing surface is a violation. The ball must be thrown directly inbounds.   EXCEPTION: Rule 8-Section III-c.   PENALTY: Violation of this rule is loss of possession, and the ball must be inbounded at the previous spot of the throw-in
Grantox::yep indi ball, like i said not a proud win and us jazz know it sorry good game! refs suck bad this year. luckily pacers are a lock for playoffs and jazz are battling hard so it went the best way i guess
JazzCubs::Didn't the Pacers throw one in off the basket?  Yes they did.
Momma Pete96::That one didn't count.
rjb9rc::What are you talking about?
2noodlekaboodle::Damn, Pacer got screwed on that last play. No guarantee  the pacers tie the game, but it was a turnover.
JazzCubs::Push would require the use of hands. Carroll has as much right to go up for a loose ball. The ball has to hit the back of the board, if it hit the back, how did it travel forward?  Don't answer because I am sure you don't understand simple physics.
JazzCubs::Kind of like the phantom foul called at the end of regulation. That was garbage.
rjb9rc::Yeah, the push right in front of the ref was such a miscall...almost like not understanding the inbound rules in a professional basketball game.
rjb9rc::Yeah, any, "the refs screwed us too" talk is irrelevant...it was the last play of the game, the Pacers needed to score and should have been given the ball.  End of story.  Ball game.  End of game.  Match.
russet987::why was it a turnover.... it hit the bottom not the back
rjb9rc::for more help, check "f"
rjb9rc::Looks like Indiana should have been given the ball. Oops. Lee    Section III-The Throw-In   a. The throw-in starts when the ball is at the disposal of a player entitled to the throw-in. He shall release the ball inbounds within 5 seconds from the time the throw-in starts. Until the passed ball has crossed the plane of the boundary, no player shall have any part of his person over the boundary line and teammates shall not occupy positions parallel or adjacent to the baseline if an opponent desires one of those positions. The defensive man shall have the right to be between his man and the basket.   b. On a throw-in which is not touched inbounds, the ball is returned to the original throw-in spot.   c. After a score, field goal or free throw, the latter coming as the result of a personal foul, any player of the team not credited with the score shall put the ball into play from any point out-of-bounds at the endline of the court where the point(s) were scored. He may pass the ball to a teammate behind the endline; however, the five-second throw-in rule applies.   d. After a free throw violation by the shooter or his teammate, the throw-in is made from out-of-bounds at either end of the free throw line extended.   e. Any ball out-of-bounds in a team's frontcourt or at the midcourt line cannot be passed into the backcourt. On all backcourt and midcourt violations, the ball shall be awarded to the opposing team at the midcourt line, and must be passed into the frontcourt.   EXCEPTION: During the last two minutes of the fourth period and/or any overtime period, the ball may be passed anywhere (frontcourt or backcourt) on the court.   f. A throw-in which touches the floor, or any object on or outside the boundary line, or touches anything above the playing surface is a violation. The ball must be thrown directly inbounds.   EXCEPTION: Rule 8-Section III-c.   PENALTY: Violation of this rule is loss of possession, and the ball must be inbounded at the previous spot of the throw-in
Area55andG2::I found it rather annoying that Hayward was flopping in every dead ball situation
Grantox::jazz and pacers are two of the classiest teams, they play to play, no cheating, just hardworking guys trying to win
Grantox::hayward doesnt flop yo idiot no jazzman flops! his hair flops around but thats it
Serg Abaka::Hayward loves the neck snap back flop, he does it almost every time he drives
Area55andG2::by flopping I mean lots of head bobs.
JPHoks1981::I find it annoying David West $@%!$@%! and 1 after every shot he takes.
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::We need Asians to invent robot referees that never make mistakes... Of course the league might not like that because then they couldn't fix games and create faux superstars like Kobe Bryant.
mikeisildur::IT would be pretty weird to be talking about the 2002 Kings title right now.  The sad thing about that whole affair is it put the Kings in a tailspin and landed them where they are now--moving to Seattle.
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::And the Jazz 1998 title.
russet987::If their from China you could probably get them at walmart
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::They'd break down my halftime.
russet987::Worst 2 cities..... Cleveland and Chicago...you know a wind city always sucks
The point center.::Flint Michigan would like to have a word with u
Grantox::phil is not a jazz fan dont associate him with us!
Phil81977::pacer's aren't even in first place in their division.  lol  they're pathetic.
iownamicrowave::hahaha, "u mad bro" classic!!! PHIL #yolo
Momma Pete96::If all you're going to do is troll, don't post anything. Also, I know what your reply will be so don't bother either.
Momma Pete96::Phil81977 - u mad bro?  Did I call it or did I call it? Very original of you.
Phil81977::u mad bro?
iownamicrowave::CLASSIC PHIL!!!
The point center.::Lol
NGplayinskillz::The season isn't over.
Taco with a Q::and the Bulls will???
Phil81977::isn't over?  lol....you must think the pacers will be in the finals.  LOL!!!!
The point center.::Remember wen the jazz bulls and pacers were the cream of the crop. Good times
Phil81977::only one of those 3 teams actually won.
iownamicrowave::Thank PHIL!!!!!
iownamicrowave::you really hit the point with that one!!! thanks
NGplayinskillz::I don't care that the Pacers lost, I JUST HATE NBA REFS so much.
Grantox::agreed! refs been horrible allll year! sooo fishy! makes it seem fixed
JazzIn2010::I would agree!  Refs were horrible on both sides... Both teams got screwed a few times
rjb9rc::So, if the ball hits the bottom of the backboard, from behind the goal, that isn't out of bounds?  When did the NBA turn into high-stakes wally-ball?
rrtpeds::Looks like Indiana should have been given the ball. Oops. Lee  Section III-The Throw-In  a. The throw-in starts when the ball is at the disposal of a player entitled to the throw-in. He shall release the ball inbounds within 5 seconds from the time the throw-in starts. Until the passed ball has crossed the plane of the boundary, no player shall have any part of his person over the boundary line and teammates shall not occupy positions parallel or adjacent to the baseline if an opponent desires one of those positions. The defensive man shall have the right to be between his man and the basket.  b. On a throw-in which is not touched inbounds, the ball is returned to the original throw-in spot.  c. After a score, field goal or free throw, the latter coming as the result of a personal foul, any player of the team not credited with the score shall put the ball into play from any point out-of-bounds at the endline of the court where the point(s) were scored. He may pass the ball to a teammate behind the endline; however, the five-second throw-in rule applies.  d. After a free throw violation by the shooter or his teammate, the throw-in is made from out-of-bounds at either end of the free throw line extended.  e. Any ball out-of-bounds in a team's frontcourt or at the midcourt line cannot be passed into the backcourt. On all backcourt and midcourt violations, the ball shall be awarded to the opposing team at the midcourt line, and must be passed into the frontcourt.  EXCEPTION: During the last two minutes of the fourth period and/or any overtime period, the ball may be passed anywhere (frontcourt or backcourt) on the court.  f. A throw-in which touches the floor, or any object on or outside the boundary line, or touches anything above the playing surface is a violation. The ball must be thrown directly inbounds.  EXCEPTION: Rule 8-Section III-c.  PENALTY: Violation of this rule is loss of possession, and the ball must be inbounded at the previous spot of the throw-in.
russet987::its not because it didnt hit the back
Lakerboy133::A laker fan and refs gave that game to utah. A lot of $@%!$@ calls in OT
Area55andG2::excuse phil's absence as he is now in the process of checking google to confirm the pacers have won 3 championships
Grantox::no no no no portland won!!!! clipps lose! need rockets and blazers to lose
russet987::I totally thought you meant portland beat BYU and I was pumped
Grantox::lol
Taco with a Q::Bulls fans sure have a lot of nerves to make fun of the Pacers after getting blown out by the wizards
iownamicrowave::point ceennnntaaaaa
LeBest Ever::^^^ A Mad Bro
russet987::Chicago might win a title this year.... but not in bb but hockey
The point center.::Lil sister don't be upset
Its 2013 and Michigan still sucks::Cavs, Bobcats, and Wizards win Bulls, Knicks, and Nets lose
jezalewski::Missed the play, what happened at the end of the game?
jezalewski::Wow
tgreeson80::Ball hit side of backboard on inbounds play, but supposedly it is not reviewable, it was probably legit, but a review would've been nice.
tgreeson80::What happened was 20 freaking turnovers...which absolutely killed us.
