Brian Goff::And to think that Jimmer won the NCAA player of the year over Kemba. I know college doesnt always translate to pros but Kemba is clearly the better player and was that year. Jimmer is exactly what I excepted as a pro, a sub par guard that cant defend a guy with bricks in his shoes. Kemba and Jefferson are a solid 1,2 punch, Bobcats just need to improve all their role players to compete.
Michael Romney::Fraudette sucks! He played for lowly BYU……that says it "all."
Matthew Stephenson::Jimmer won every POY award out right for a reason. Kemba didn't even win POY for the Big East because he had a really bad stretch during that college season. Oh how people forget so quickly and change what was reality.
Brian Goff::Matthew Stephenson He averaged 23.5 ppg 5.2 rebounds and 4.5 assists and won the Big East Title when that conference was at its peak and the National Championship. Uconn did have a rough middle part of the season but overall he was the best player. Jimmer was the best scorer... not the best player.
Taylor White::Kings defense is just miserable, and all the dumb idiots who have never watched a minute of Kings basketball want to blame it all on Cousins. Anyone who's watched a minute of this team in the last 3 years would realize that Thornton, Thompson, and Thomas can't rotate to save their lives. They've been playing Ole' perimeter defense for years now and Cousins ends up picking up cheap fouls trying to challenge layups from missed assignments, while his man gets wide open kick out jump shots.
Michael Romney::Looks like all the Moturds are chanting for Ji.zmer Fraudette again. I wish the freaky Mormons would just just up for once. Nobody likes them or gives one F*CK what they say!
David Evertsen::Hey Romney...you have issues. Lay off the Mormon crap.
Michael Romney::David Evertsen I don't care for creepy Mormons along with billions of other normal folks. You're the one with the issues Elder, or you wouldn't be a LD$ Inc. puppet, "brother."
Ben LeStarge::Hey David lay off my boy Romney! My boy was in my ward growing up and had some issues with some commandments. Some unfortunate alone time with kids got him ex'd and facing jail time as well as on the sex offender list. Anyways he is still upset about that whole situation so just back off. @mikey got your back brah!
Jacob Dockter::never seen a more obvious rig job. all of a sudden bobcats go on what a 15-0 run. sure. this is why you dont bet on the nba guys.
Rene Covarrubias::did kings really didnt foul the bobcats, i just need it one point to hit the over 216.5 and i thought the kings were going to foul but no they just gave up, smfh!! pathetic!!
Brett Goldman::I hear you, the kings are the most pathetic team out
Keith Dennis::Brett Goldman Check that.. most pathetic is a close match between Brooklyn and Milwaukee.
Jim Spadafore Sr.::Bags your boy cuz sucks. He shot two three-pointers! What a stupid payer. Stevie wonder has a better shot at making a three than your moron Cuz!
Cvete Karamacoski::Does he really suck? Because sucky players aren't 5th in PER in the league, lead all centers in scoring, and 5th in rebounding
Taylor White::Try watching the game instead of commenting on the box score, troll.  The first 3 was a heave from half court to beat the shot clock, the 2nd was wide open down 12 with 20 seconds left.
Michael Romney::Ji.zzer Fraudette is a F-ing JOKE……and is headed to Croatia next year and room with Adam Morrison. Mo dudes are such pathetic homers. By the way BYU FU*KING SUCKS!
Gintaras Kryzius::The Kings are an absolute joke, they need to blow this whole team up and start from scratch.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Thats kind of what they are all ready doing, 4-5 new players, it will take more then 10 games for them to click.  I see them being better by the end of the season as chemistry goes. Kings will def be in the top 3-5 draft position,  in a loaded draft that comes once every 10 years.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Anyone want to predict the score ? I think kings win this one by 5+ and cousins has another monster game.
Jim Spadafore Sr.::Hey bags are you sleeping with Cuz? You sure love that THUG!
Wild Silverback::Kings got this one tonight by 10 or more.
Rafael Reyes::LOL!
Keylan Smith::JImmer with 10 plus points
Ernest Bagdasaryan::LOL yea he can put up 10 pts here and there, but dont forget about the cons.  His turnovers would be thru the roof if he ever got more then 10 mins a game.
Keylan Smith::Ernest Bagdasaryan disagree i think he has more turnovers because he never has the time to get comfortable in a game
Michael Romney::Keylan Smith Fraudette F-ING SUCKS! He isn't NBA material at all.
Garrett Wonnacott::The Kings have a serious problem and his name is Demarcus Cousins.  His stats are impressive and there is no doubt about his talent, but he plays idiotic basketball, freezes the offense, and lets opposing bigs score at will.  Cuz needs to be the number 2 or 3 guy on a veteran team so he can learn how to win and compete.  As a number 1, I don't know that he will ever develop the right way.    The other problems?  IT needs to be the second point guard on a good roster.  Like a Nate Robinson, a guy who can come off the bench and spark the team, but not necessarily the guy you want running the majority of your offensive sets.  JT needs to be the 3rd or fourth big man on a roster, he simply can't contribute the way you need to as a starting PF in today's game.  McElmore probably would be better served as a sixth man until he has a more complete game.  Finally, like the Grizzlies and Raptors before, the Kings will find that Rudy Gay is fun to watch and has glimpses of brilliance, but is simply a ball stopper and not a winner at the end of the day.  I could do the same for each bench player, but the point is made.  This roster is ill-conceived, mismanaged, and poorly coached (not saying Malone is bad, just that he isn't the guy to string players together, he needs a roster with a plan).
David Evertsen::Mr. Romney - unlike a lot of Mormons who would put up with your juvenile bantering, I am not one of those people. I have already contacted some of my law enforcement associates and based on your comments on multiple postings over the past several months, you have successfully qualified for a comprehensive criminal and civil background check. Congratulations. Know the law, and remember there are consequences for our actions. I don't know where it might go, but good luck!
Michael Romney::BWAHAHAHAHA! Have at it saint! Your feelings are hurt and you are just like Brother Joepa…..trying to silence free speech. You had better know the law Sister Monson. Also, you had better not threaten people. Let's see if you can dig up a parking ticket I had 20 years ago big hitter.You may lose your government contracts Jethro. Keep it up and enjoy your sabbath today.
Sandy Young::Why is McElmore still a starter? He has turn overs, doesn't guard and the coach jut lets him play most of the time. Oh, I forgot, he doesn't take him out because he doesn't want him to lose his confidence. Never heard of that before. How about some veterans starting and try to win some home games. Fans pay a lot for nothing and that's just about what they get. Excuses!!!
Jim Spadafore Sr.::McElmore plays because Malone has his little favorites. Cuz, the most overrated player in the nba (a career 45 percent shooter who's turnover and foul prone not to mention a head case) probably tells Malone who to play. That's why Jimmer sits on the bench. Hear that bags!,
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Sandy Young Kings are a young team, what veterans are you talking about ?
Ernest Bagdasaryan::McLemore plays, because of his defense and athleticism. His going to be a great player once he truly develops his game.  Great players improve season after season, regardless if they get minutes or not.
Travis Rogers::Sessions and McRoberts the 2 big problems for the bobcats get rid of em they are useless McRoberts passes to the wrong team sessions can't shoot to save his life what a waste of money cdr can do much better than these fools
CJ Yolo::Wow SAC.  I thought you guys would be better after the trades and now you lose to the Bobcats.  www.chrisinnewberg.blogspot.com
Master Yodà::Special thanks to the usual suspects in Cousins and IT who had their normal good games. Getting rather predictable though.
Randy Ragsdale::If the Cats lose this game they're temporarily out of the Playoffs in the East. Must-win game for the Cats.
Justin Nixon::so since trading for Gay the Raptors are 9-3, and the Kings are 4-7 with him.. hmm.. probably just coincidence though
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Justin Nixon I believe it was a good trade for both teams. Who knows what the record of kings would have been without him. Probably worse ! We didnt really give up much to get Rudy gay, and he has been a different player since he got here, averaging 19.7 ppg, while shooting 49 percent.
Keith Dennis::How many times are you going to post the exact same thing?!   And glad you like cement shoed Vasquez and 6'4 425 pound Chuck Hayes.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Keith Dennis Vazquez was great compared to jimmer as a back up PG,  but glad we got rid of Hayes, and Salmons contract for a offensive stud like rudy gay.  I assume your talking to Nixon regarding posting the same comment right lol.
Keith Dennis::Chad is no where to be found when Jimmer goes for 2 points on 7 shots.
Jack Murch::It's official.....the Kings suck!!!!
Master Yodà::BREAKING NEWS!!!
Chad Wiggins::put fredette back in… at least the ball was moving
Michael Romney::^^^^^^Sad Mormon alert^^^^^^
Steve Broome::Cody Zeller is about as good as any of MJ's other picks.
Chad Wiggins::fredettes shooting like 2 dollar rent a guard
Master Yodà::Drawing quite the crowd on here tonight.
Danny Furr::Let's see some more Jimmer tonight!
Michael Romney::Wut up Furr burger? Hoping to see Fraudette ride the pine again? He sucks……like BYU in everything except ballroom dancing and men's volleyball.
Danny Furr::That's probably a bit of a stretch, but I'm not a homer, I'll admit that both major athletic programs (fball/bball) have been performing below par lately. Hopefully that changes, the basketball team has some great recruiting classes coming in. Football I have less hope for.
Michael Romney::Danny Furr Well, BYU football will either be gone or D2 within the next ten years and BYU hoops hasn't been any good since the mid 1960s. Their recruits are too white and slow. Plus, Dave Rose isn't a very good coach…..sorta like Donko Mendenhurl. Anyways, I hope you are doing well bro!
