dngwr::warriors finish season 20-46.  new coach same results
Ellis_Curry::ellis should have drove earlier and this would have been avoided BUT for all the bay area fans that are still pissed about this its all good cuz indiana will host the game where our 49ers will bring back the lombardi trophy (-:  the pacers deserved the win, they played as a TEAM as opposed to ellis isos
tico1890::As a Warrior fan, I was pulling my hair out when I saw Monta get "picked". It was obvious the ball was kicked, I'm sure if it was Kobe or LeBron handling the ball the call would've been made. But hey, if Jackson would have called for an actual play and not an Iso, all this might have been avoided.
andy87jones06::This is coming from a Pacers fan. The ball was obviously kicked, the call should've been made. This was a great game and it's too bad that it had to end with a missed call. But come on warrior fans.. alot of you are calling for monta's head. But from what i saw he almost single handedly beat the pacers. If the kick hadn't happened i'm almost certain he would've made the game winner with time expiring. This guy looked better than anyone in the league last night. Everything he was throwing up went in regardless of the defense. You guys need to realize what you have there, a very talented, very young team. Make a couple good moves while keeping that core intact and you guys will be playing for titles.
Taco with a Q::Im a Pacers fan and I agree with all that as well
s.molla1993::@andy87jones06, thanks for your comment, Bro. Love the respect you have for my Warriors, thanks a lot.
mybabykickin::we all know the ball was kicked, but why did espn fail to mention it. they made it seem like monta just got picked.
danielt818::It's something I've noticed after reading ESPN recaps for a bit. They seem to have a policy of not calling out the refs. Even the blatant blown call of the Pirates-Braves extra-inning play last season was barely given a mention. They don't go and criticize the refs.
kent432::We all make up for what ESPN never talks about..even in the game being shown on TV..they never play back the last play on the court..even on a foul or a time-out..so we can annualize the play
mwlevine::Maybe they missed the call but stop crying Bay Area, you're one game away from the SB with a new coach and Alex Smith. Indy cleaned house after a 2-14 season so let us have one. Got to give props to HardBalls, Captain Comeback in Indy.......
crazyconrad20::that has nothing to do with anything. that doesn't make up for a wrong call and it wasn't a comeback, you were given the game. put down the joint
SanDiegoSuperCharges::wow great job not callling a kick ball refs, NBA has the worst officals in any sport
killjoyaz1::kick ball
Jimmy Whispers::You cannot use your feet to defend in basketball
Jimmy Whispers::George Hill didnt do anything but commit a foul
Jimmy Whispers::How that ref did not see that kick is beyond me. Golden State was screwed by a zebra. I hate when players play hard all game only to have some $@%!$@ bag blow an easy call.
Taco with a Q::Sounds like with a little kid with your Screen name
BIGskipper94::calm down golden state isnt going to the playoffs anyway
little_kid_luver::im going to the playoffs... with ur mom
shrug31::George Hill made a grown man move with that steal and lay up to win the game, mama there goes that man.
rlb41510::STEAL???????
klesk80::Seen the replay just now.... Omg ~ He intentionally put his right foot and kicked the ball...~! Look at his foot~! clearly intentional.... ls this suppose to be a clear foul or wat?~ l see these bad referee calls in NBA all the time...its ridiculous
AJwarriors08::A. Lets stop giving monta the ball at end of quarter/game situations on isos it NEVER works. B. Refs blew the kick ball
mybabykickin::i wholeheartedly agree
c_elliscae::pacers are back boys
BullsontheRise::The Bulls or Heat, that's who.
Taco with a Q::To whom?
little_kid_luver::pacers will get bounced in the first round of the playoffs, dont cry when that time comes
drewkono13::http://konopasekd.blogspot.com/2012/01/nba-playoffs.html Feel free to comment!
TheBigHandsome40::Annnnnnnnnd BOOM GOES THE DYNAMITE.  George Hill FTW!!!!
madflo30::I'm a die hard Warriors fan, but man they $@%!$@% suck!
s.molla1993::Warriors should have won this game, Hill is a cheater, Horrible refereeing for this game. Shout out to the "Bay Area", home sweet home. 49ers Superbowl Champions.
Ellis_Curry::hopefully we will be good but tonite we needed ellis to bail us out with ridiculous shots that cannot happen every nite but yea thru the draft and maybe free agency (DWIGHT PLEASE) we can get better
Taco with a Q::Yeah but man the Warriors sure made it tough!!  That team will be good...2nd youngest team...they need to make a good blockbuster trade and I can see that team making some noise
Ellis_Curry::on our local station they played it in slo mo (bias lol) and it was clearly a kick george hill meant to kick it but still it was avoidable and the pacers deserved the win they outplayed us
Taco with a Q::Its a questionable call for sure...Ill admit that but Idk how they would call that if its incidental.  I know they would call it if you stick out your leg and blatantly kick the ball but if the ball hits your hand first and then hits your foot....that is NOT a kick ball....but ESPN only showed the replay twice and never did it in slow motion so I couldnt tell what happened first...I need to see it again in slow motion
mybabykickin::i seen it in slow mo tons of times. he did it on purpose. you see him lift his toe off the ground as hes looking down at the ball
Ellis_Curry::I agree that Hill is not a cheater, but the ref did blow the call. Monta Ellis could have avoided it all if he just went up earlier so in the end its still our fault we did not win.
Taco with a Q::Hill is a cheater?  Yeah like he meant to hit the ball with his foot!!!  I really wish ESPN.com would require a certain level of IQ before letting people post some dumb ISH in here.   Your obliviously pissed off that the ref didnt call it so dont even go there calling Hill a cheater
Taco with a Q::Speaking of liking their own comments...lol your such a tool
Taco with a Q::Im mixed....so I cant be racist fuktard
s.molla1993::Racist B_itch, get a life.
Taco with a Q::And that makes Hill a cheater??  And seeing the replay he did kick the ball...and btw I dont like my own comments you dirty Ni*gg*er
s.molla1993::@Taco with a Q, dumb a**. watching reply on slow motion of Hill's steal. Obviously Hill kicked the ball, also today the NBA apologized for the missed kicked ball violation. P.S. love how you liked your own comment, F_AG.
mrkennedy23::This system won't work.  Warriors have to trade Monta or Curry (preferably Monta) for either a 1st round pick or a real starting center.  I'm sick of them losing close games over and over and over.
rps114::Another Warriors loss. Another Monte Ellis choke. I don't care if he scores 40 points, I have said it for the past 3 years. GET RID OF HIM!!!!
venom9247::that wasn't a choke. that was some bs call by the refs. he clearlyyyyy kicked the ball on the crossover and stole the ball. I think ellis used to erratic but now hes actually maturing his game its really slow but hes trying because of mark jackson.   golden state is like 2 pieces away from being a playoff contender. they lost so many close games this year. and the execution down the stretch is sketchy
Taco with a Q::holy hell Kevin Love hit the GW 3 and stunned the clips
Taco with a Q::Haha I know right...reminds me of Heat fans
venom9247::im glad. clipper fans coming out of nowhere. they got a couple players and now people like the clippers? lol gimme a break.
rjb9rc::WOW
rjb9rc::lob city!
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::wish paul george couldve done more. he has so much potential its rediculous
Taco with a Q::Exactly
rjb9rc::All of his numbers are up this year...some are double.  Each game he'll improve.  Random trade rumors have him potentially going to Boston in part of a trade to bring in Paul Pierce.....I think it would be a bad move
chsirish73::That would be terrible. I don't think any Pacer fan wants Paul Pierce on the roster.
redbloof1234::that'd be a horrible move and it wont happen
Taco with a Q::He'll come around
cheesehead1287::Assist to turnover ratio &gt; 2:1 = Win. Hooray for no 4th quarter meltdown.
venom9247::wow watching hte clipper game??
Taco with a Q::Rubio is gonna be a hell of a player
venom9247::rubio's got some serious ball control and IQ for the game. its raw. needs to work on jump shooting and needs to drive more
rjb9rc::Yeah, Rubio has been garbage until now....too bad my current fantasy matchup is close on threes and he is on the other team....#ridiculous shot
venom9247::espn its not even an east coast bias. Its a BOSTON bias. the building is 30mins from boston in northern conneticut. all the producers are from boston and they force everyone who works there to present the material in favor of the celtics, patriots. everybody knows this. watch espn and you will see how ridiculous it is. its such a sad image.
chsirish73::I don't really watch it anymore. If you're not from LA or Boston/NY there's no reason to.
GsDubb12::Yea I can't stand espn I totally agree with you
GsDubb12::They also love new York teams too. When bay area teams are winning they show no love.... For example the sf giants won the world&nbsp; Series in 2010 the next day on the espn headline on theirs website didn't have one topic about the giant winning the works series. NOT ONE!
Gimpay::boston and new york teams/athletes are more accessible because of the location of ESPN office, plain and simple.  sucks.
venom9247::yeah your right they ignore alot of the west coast teams. im actually from nj/ny area. but i know what you mean they are terrible at reporting sports. i wish there was another network that could compete actually force them to not do this.  but some friends from different parts of the country and people i know went there. and they say and just watch and you;ll see it they spin the story in favor of every boston team. the producers are from boston and they force the people to get air time by having to them angle stories in bostons favor. its crazy. i didn't believe it at first
GsDubb12::Niners all day!!!!
rjb9rc::Jim Harbaugh...Colts great....his team has my vote
GsDubb12::It's anybody's game but I do know one thing... The field will be wet!
WarriorsGO::I say if its close Niners win. If Giants get going early then Giants will win.
WarriorsGO::Can go either way imo. Game went to the last seconds when Niners won.
Taco with a Q::I think the Giants will win...but thats my opinion
dreamhax::same
TGoat42::Say bye-bye to them too.
dreamhax::warriors should use klay thompson more. he's such a good shooter.
WarriorsGO::Warriors need to trade Either Curry or Ellis for a Big and start him at the 2. Let this year be a learning year and next year he will have all the nerves and confidence and play well next year.
rjb9rc::agreed.  seems like he will be a player with some time.  Next year I could see the Warriors with an even more intense backcourt if he develops the way people think he might
naes666::hahah Indiana coach thinks his team played good D....
redbloof1234::I live in fort wayne so I guess that's why I'm being a little biased.
Taco with a Q::Indiana has some Rednecks....but not as many as people think...I love it here in Indianapolis....especially the Castleton area
redbloof1234::That awkward moment when people mistake Indiana for southern U.S.
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::my grandma and grandpa live ten minutes from there. they own a farm. next topic. and just want everyone to know im from indiana and love it there, just dont tell me there arent rednecks there. i lived there for a long time and they are there. theyre in every state..........next topic
rjb9rc::for irony's sake, I have to admit that my grandpa is a farmer and my first job was on his farm, haha.  Still, nothing wrong with  agriculture.  the close-mindedness of some people here, though, is pretty bad.  Bloomington is a good place to avoid that in Indiana though.  They call Bloomington the Berkeley of Indiana.
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::farmland 70% of the time=hillbillies. they are in cali too
redbloof1234::every state has farmland...
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::hey i love bloomington and the hoosiers(isiah thomas is my boy), but you cant deny that about 30 miles away its all farmland
rjb9rc::and the "at" before English = why I tell my students to proofread their papers...whoops. =)
rjb9rc::Hey, I live in Bloomington...I teach at English at a community college while my wife finishes grad school at IU.....it's a pretty chill place.
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::im glad you looked that up, i was actually curious after he put that lol
redbloof1234::what do you consider hillbilly? Because I've never seen a hillbilly my whole life and I lived in indiana my whole life
redbloof1234::Well Indiana is actually the 13th most populated state.
venom9247::yes it does . it makes corn and has a population density of 5. and your education level is the level of your incested sister
redbloof1234::Indiana doesn't have hillbillies
TGoat42::They scored 93 and GSW scored 91. Sounds like good enought defense to me.
TGoat42::94
naes666::welcome to California you hillbillies...
chsirish73::I was replying to naes666. I understood your meaning.
chsirish73::I've been to California and seen my share of hillbillies while driving from city to city. Every state has them.
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::i live in cali. nice try
iownamicrowave::Ok we get it, your team lost. You are throwing out insults on a message board to take out your dissapointment. Good Job.
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::all he could come up with was making fun of some obese woman earlier. sad really
redbloof1234::they did? GS just made ridiculous shots
MilitaryIndustrialComplex::exactly, that guy was making some crazy shots, props to him
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::golden state scored 91. sounds good enough to me
venom9247::could have mark jackson ran on to the court and gotta technical foul so they would review it?
rjb9rc::Can anyone give a quick recap of the ref controversy?  I missed the game and just went to check the box score.....
c_elliscae::nothing to envy. our team won. your team lost. prepare for manning to return the favor once again tomorrow to your overrated defense.
rps114::Doesn't matter. Monte did what he always does. Stand up top like an idiot draining all but 2 or 3 secs off the clock and then either turns it over or misses a terrible shot. What a loser!!!
GsDubb12::They also love new York teams too. For example when the sf giants won the world Series in 2010 the next day on the espn headline on theirs website didn't have one topic about the giant winning the works series. NOT ONE!
Taco with a Q::I gotta see this replay for myself
GsDubb12::Sports center has the biggest east coast bias towards bay area teams. I don't know if they envy us because of all the money we have or because of our great weather or because they just wish they could live here
rjb9rc::on the pacer's team blog (8.9 seconds), there is a great link to a pro-Celtic article concerning West's decision to go to Indiana instead of Boston...it's ridiculous.
venom9247::now its not even an east coast bias. Its a BOSTON bias. the building is 30mins from boston in northern conneticut. all the producers are from boston and they force everyone who works there to present the material in favor of the celtics, patriots. everybody knows this. watch espn and you will see how ridiculous it is. its such a sad image.
mr.friend1919::it happens.  if you want to play the what if game, lee got away with an offensive goal tending just a few seconds before.  they didn't call it...get over it.
mr.friend1919::the "controversy" is being created by warriors fans on here.  just saw it on sportscenter...no mention of this "terrible" non call
venom9247::Bro sportscenter? Espn? the most boston bias network man. they live 30mins from boston and every producer is from boston. its actually embarassing to their network but they do it all day. Everyone on that shows would take a load in the face from tom brady you should definitely get your facts straight. they don't even pay attention to some teams
dreamhax::lol are you kidding? sportscenter is awful.
GsDubb12::Tgoat your a troll. You obviously hate on the warriors so hard because you envy their backcourt!!! Niners all day!!!!
TGoat42::Haha, yes I envy your losing franchise and their overrated backcourt.
rjb9rc::ouch.  i'm a pacers fan, but controversial wins still blow.  time to check sports center to see this for myself.
TGoat42::Ellis can't dribble. Hill and one for the win.
dreamhax::hill + ref freebee = win
sean bennett22::basketball is fixed
WarriorsGO::Last 5 secs in game. Ellis cross over and Hill kicks it and steals it cuz of it. Hill gets 3 points play and we lose.
WarriorsGO::It never hit his hand wtf.
TGoat42::Basketball in Indy is life your dummy.
zkline00::Indiana lives basketball you dolt.
venom9247::babies? at least people come to Golden state games. in indiana no one even gives a $@%! if someone died on the team lol
dreamhax::does anybody know if that play is reviewable?
GsDubb12::Too bad Jackson couldn't throw the red challenge flag cuz it would of been over turned!!! Niners!!!!
dreamhax::game should have at least went to overtime. warriors have had a lot of tough luck losses this year. they will bounce back hopefully
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::it honestly shouldve been, but its too late now
Infamous3735::obviously not if they didn't review it
WarriorsGO::must not be or they would of cuz Jackson was hella yelling to the refs.
naes666::who is the fat ugly chick on the Pacers broadcast?
MilitaryIndustrialComplex::immature convo
naes666::free cocaine
Taco with a Q::NO actually I think she is busted looking....your the one that keeps talking about her like you want to motorboat her $@%!
mr.friend1919::then why do you date her?  was she skinny when you met and she got all chubbs on you?
naes666::at least the greasy taco is paying attention...
naes666::sorry i am not a chubby chaser like you....
Taco with a Q::I like how you clearly said her name earlier...now your asking??   your such a tool
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::dont know dont care
mr.friend1919::your girlfriend
WarriorsGO::IM so tired of getting NOTHING out of the Center Spot.
naes666::Russian guy from Jazz, Fesenko.
venom9247::yeah seriously...david lee is so up and down. and they have no size after kwame brown that waste of life gets injured. they gotta pick someone up whos available?
venom9247::yeah he was actually playing well. i was saying waste of life because for once he was playing decent and the warriors luck he gets 7 mi and hes injured now
sean bennett22::who cares
Chester Willingham::The D-League callups should be happening in a few weeks.
WarriorsGO::Kwame was actually pretty good for us. Figures he gets hurt and not Andris
naes666::or Clifford Rozier.
Chester Willingham::Be happy Erick Dampier isn't still the center.
sean bennett22::tim donahey is alive or however you spell it.geeks.whoever doesnt think games are fixed should be fixed themselves.world is already full of morons.please dont reproduce
venom9247::that was some f**kin GARBAGE mannnnnn.....see this is why the nba is slacking compared to other sports. refs miss calls allllllllllll the time.....i mean thats not a small deal....thats a LOSS when you don't deserve one....
redstownindy::it was clearly the right no-call.  ellis dribbled the ball off hill's foot, he did not kick it, the ball was just dribbled on his foot.
TheRealHarding::When in a defensive stance shuffling side to side your toe never points directly in the sky unless you're deliberately kicking upward. Very bad missed call, the refs are worse than the players in this locked out hampered season. GO BULLS!!!
WarriorsGO::Troll
dreamhax::take your beer goggles off redstownindy
seferson::what a fk'd up finish
51BEARS54::MONTE ELLIS SUCKS
redstownindy::coming from a pacers fan, ellis was basically unstoppable until the last 5 seconds
Infamous3735::monta will be an allstar. You dont know ball if you say he sucks
naes666::he hits those type of shots fairly often, it's when he has the ball in his hand with the game on the line that he cannot handle...3-4 games already this season he has lost for the team with the last shot.
HoosWarriors::yeah he had a good game tonight, he just needs to work on clock mangement. I think he messed up a game tier against Utah earlier this season
NGplayinskillz::What........ he was hitting ridiculous shots tonight. and I am a Pacers fan.
Chester Willingham::I wouldn't say that, i'd just call him overrated.
51BEARS54::HE SUCKS  !!   period  !!
TGoat42::GSW was making some ridiculous shots anyway. Should not of even been in this game. The better team won.
HoosWarriors::its true, the warriors are bad w out a real big man, but theyre solid from everywhere else, backcourt, from three, bench
GsDubb12::Pacers are better because they actually have a center and big men who can score.We have the softest center in the league and David lee who shoots 5 for 18 consistently. But the warriors obviously have the better baccoirt hands down. They have the est scoring backcourt in the league when curry is healthy! Monta Ellis is an absolute beast and he can't be stopped when his jumper is falling and as of late he has been making his jump shots on a regular basis.  Go Niners!!!
HoosWarriors::He just has the last 2 games
dreamhax::david lee does not consistently shoot 5 for 18 consistently. you have no clue what you are talking about.
TGoat42::If you think the Warriors are a better team than the Pacers you're outta your mind.
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::i see 94-91. too late now
naes666::these Pacers fans suffer from the East Coast bias, don't watch Warriors game, they have no clue.
TGoat42::Collison was 1-12. he missed like 5 easy floaters.
HoosWarriors::like Lee didn't miss like 6 consecutive jumpers.
USMC3121::BS GS is very good at home and they always make great shots, the refs blew that kick ball call
naes666::wrong. neither team played any defense...close game. if either team stepped up the D would have been different.
HoosWarriors::wrong, monta ellis always makes those shots, so does steph curry when hes hot, its how we play w out any big men.
TGoat42::Everyone makes shots when they're hot dummy.
WarriorsGO::Very Wrong. Lee missed TONS of shots hes been hitting.
Taco with a Q::right
naes666::wrong.
GsDubb12::All you guys who bet on these games are idiots!! Yea you may win a few games but when it's all said and done your definitely losing money because your losers!!!! Lmao Niners all day!!!
HoosWarriors::sure
USMC3121::That's why the Niners are going to get their $@% kicked!!
HoosWarriors::actually I shouldnt like this because I have a 10 dollar bet with a friend on the niners....
NGplayinskillz::Roy Hibbert finally decided to rebound tonight.
Taco with a Q::after giving up 30 offensive rebounds to the kings....its kinda a way to say thank god we actually rebounded
NGplayinskillz::He is also a 7'2 Center.
redbloof1234::what? he averages 10 a game? That's not low
sTLxPrOdiGyxGaMbLeR::Just put a dolla on your bet if you can't handle losing the bet...It's sports, who never know whos gonna win thats why we play the game..Good luck morow all
dreamhax::i don't even understand how the refs missed that.
redstownindy::it wasnt kicked, just dribbled it off his foot incidentally, the rule is the defender must kick it, not just touch it with his foot
alrightnephew::with deron williams all but saying he wont be around if howard doesnt go to nj. Can you think of a more perfect fit then indiana?
redstownindy::yeah, but he will never come to indy and the team likes collison
alrightnephew::0.00001% of coming to indy but I can dream. I think indiana is pretty dead set on bringing eric gordon back home anyway.
iownamicrowave::Indiana is a PERFECT fit for Deron Williams. That's all they are missing is a true PG.
alrightnephew::well if they dont have a great backcourt then they are the worst fit because why?
HoosWarriors::yes, indiana has roy hibbert and not a great backcourt to play with, so they are like the worst fit...
WarriorsGO::TONS
alrightnephew::name them
naes666::don't feel bad Warriors fans, Brooke Olzendam is the hottest chick in Indiana...
Justin54196::You've obviously never been to IU...
HoosWarriors::please, its indiana, home of the colts
Taco with a Q::Much needed win!!  Now we can go to LA with a little momentum now
redbloof1234::Darren Collison had 9 assists... Can't say he had a terrible game
mwlevine::No he just doesn't seem like himself
rjb9rc::I missed most of this game.  Did Tyler get hurt?  Noted kudos for Collison's box score
mwlevine::Little worried about Tyler right now....
MilitaryIndustrialComplex::yeah i was disappointed he didn't do too much either
rjb9rc::I missed most of this game. Did Tyler get hurt? Noted kudos for Collison's box score
Taco with a Q::Collison has been great lately...not shooting the ball..but his all around play
mwlevine::Definitely solid...
GsDubb12::Who cares about this game warriors Obviously have absolutely zero big men and they still almost won with David lee shooting 4 for 15. That just shows how talented our backcourt is!!! Oh well at least  we get to watch our football team in the NFC Championship on Sunday!!! Niners all day!!!!
mwlevine::Solid game for West Granger and Hibbert. Little worried about Psycho T right now. Lakers on Sunday.....
