Mavsnation123::this game was a cheat. Fisher did not foul rondo. Rondo went back and fisher just tapped him.
NewOrleansPelicans504::OJ Mayo is a baker...he heats up, and then serves the ppl turnovers
TheOldGOLDandBLUE::Most of the turnovers were on him, but at least 2 should have been assists.  He got double teamed most of the game, leaving his teammates open, but they weren't always ready for his passes.
Emoney321.000::Who saw what the ref did in the Nets game last night? That was hilarious. I was watching the game and he just came out of nowhere.
ynot1825::Just think how good the Mavs would be if they kept Terry, Chandler and Kidd with this current team...
TheOldGOLDandBLUE::They would be too old and slow with all those guys. With Chandler instead of Kaman at center, they would certainly be better defensively but would also be horrible on offense while Dirk is out.  Collison and Mayo are much quicker perimeter defenders than Terry and Kidd.  Don't get me wrong, Kidd and Terry are still very good players. But, putting them on the current roster (and taking away the players the Mavs got to replace them) would probably make the average age of the main rotation players somewhere around 33.
_I Am A Celtic_::Just think how good the lakers would be if they added Dwight Howard
Dave6673::Good god, in the last two games (not counting OT last night) KG has TWO total rebounds in two full games....that has to be a record for an NBA starting center...And I thought getting outrebounded by Gasol 18-3 was bad!
Shaun0088::How many times do I have to say it?The Celtics dont even try to rebound.
ynot1825::Ill take his D intensity over rebounds any day of the week...
Coho08::Remember he's a "Forward" like Tim Duncan
_I Am A Celtic_::Some people care about stats, some people care about <b>winning!!!</b>
a617guy::Rondo steals his rebounds
socalboyinpa::+13 in free throw attempts. All you need to know. Typical Celtic home win.
henrybaboy::What? You're not gonna use the "because Dirk is injured" excuse?
awardtx::Mavs had too many turnovers.
a617guy:::'(
_I Am A Celtic_::Wow you're dumb
_I Am A Celtic_::Doc says "I literally have no idea" when Avery will be back.  He's shooting but no timetable
_I Am A Celtic_::Once again, Rondo has NO business trying to take the game winning shot.  Such an embarrassment when he tries to win it.  Give it up to Pierce or KG and then get the hell out of the way
Dave6673::The next game winning shot KG's attempts will be his first!
_I Am A Celtic_::Really?  That can't be true
a617guy::or drive. just don't shoot..ever
_I Am A Celtic_::That works too
_I Am A Celtic_::C's!!
ArtieSullivan::Both .500 ball clubs Both not relevant come April
gilnix::Kinda sounds like USC throughout the year.  Celtics will be there when ECF rolls around.
StevenDanger194::Good game Celtics. Damn Rondo was one rebound away from another triple double.
ThatsGoodSoup7963::WOW, that was scary! Good game Dallas, tons of fun to watch. Glad Boston got the W. Rajon Rondo is amazing and Paul Pierce is one of the greatest Celtics ever, no doubt!! Go CELTICS.
ChargersFan4Life001::im out, gn all
Megatroll.::writing a 900 word essay while being on here. not a smart idea:(
henrybaboy::Multi-tasking at it's best, especially if you have your ipod playing plus Facebook loaded and watching the TV also.
ynot1825::Education is power...good for you.
Knicks_Will_Win_The_East::Heat are garbage this year
henrybaboy::LeBron still thinks posing for the camera men under the basket each time he scores will win him the title and another MVP.
Jim Buss Decisions::gn  see you guys on the Lakers Knicks board later
ChargersFan4Life001::gn
Jim Buss Decisions::The Lakers game against Utah really pis.sed me off tho,  the Jazz had an answer for every Lakers big shot.
KnixTape24::Fun quote of the day: Bryant was asked if Anthony belonged in the early-season MVP conversation.   "Oh, for sure. Is that even a question? I don’t think that’s a question," Bryant said.   GNITE PEOPLE
ChargersFan4Life001::gn dude
Minnysota Vikings::I wouldn't mind the Wolves trading Derrick Williams for Jodie Meeks. Derrick Williams doesn't play and the Wolves desperately need a shooting guard that can make 3s.
ChargersFan4Life001::can we trade coaches?
ChargersFan4Life001::he makes a big impact
Minnysota Vikings::I never realized how important the coach is until Adelman came to Minnesota. The Wolves were horrible for 3 years under Kurt Rambis but as soon as Adelman showed up, BOOM.....the Wolves started winning more consistently then they had in years.
ChargersFan4Life001::I dont really remember, but he was a great HC. Having Keith Smart coach the kings makes me REALLY miss Rick
Minnysota Vikings::How did he left Sacramento? Did the Kings actually fire him?
Jim Buss Decisions::No lol
Jim Buss Decisions::im 3 hrs away from being awake 24hrs straight
TheKilbo::Do you even lift?
Emoney321.000::You sound like my friend Gary. That's literally all he talks about.
KnixTape24::...Needs more Dragons
ChargersFan4Life001::cool story bro
ChargersFan4Life001::no, cause I didn't say "Cool story bro, tell it again"
Jim Buss Decisions::should i tell it again?  im 3hrs away from being awake 24hrs straight
Jim Buss Decisions::Where will you be on Dec. 21?
ChargersFan4Life001::IDK im not psychic
Jim Buss Decisions::I want to go to Comic Con and f' a hot nerdy chick
ChargersFan4Life001::I cant remember the last time that espn had a doubleheader where both games were great
Jim Buss Decisions::Whenever the Lakers play on National TV
ChargersFan4Life001::but again okc had a big lead late, and let their guard up. the game was not as close as the final score showed
Jim Buss Decisions::They put up a fight.  The Lakers won the 1st qt. tied the 3rd and 4th  Only quarter they got beat in was the 2nd.
ChargersFan4Life001::last time they were on espn they were basically blown out by okc(outside of a late rally when okc let their guard down)
Jim Buss Decisions::crazy how the Lakers average more pts then pts allowed and still suck lol  They are the only ones as well...  Not even dallas is positive in that stat and they are the 8th seed.
KnixTape24::NYK PPG: 102.6 PA: 95.3
Minnysota Vikings::Point differential is a much better indicator of a team's quality than the actual record is (you might already know this). Lakers are actually a decent team in every statistical category outside the actual record.
ChargersFan4Life001::it means they can blow teams out but when its close they almost always lose
Jim Buss Decisions::Yeah, its hard to pin point what exactly is wrong with them since the #'s are there to show they are actually a good team.
ChargersFan4Life001::that makes their failures even funnier
KnixTape24::Dwight Howards last 2 games against Chandler and the Knicks: 8 points 10 Rebounds, 8 points 8 rebounds
KnixTape24::I've said it before I'll say it again Kobe=40 points, rest of team 35% shooting  all together is Knicks win again
KnixTape24::Well I can tell you that I remember Kobe's last game at MSG cause I was there. I also remember Jeremy Lin scoring 38 spinning past Derek Fischer left in the dust and the Knicks winning so ya I remember that game.
Jim Buss Decisions::How about Kobe's last couple games vs the Knicks?
Jim Buss Decisions::If ESPN completely goes to FB commenting  The boards will go from 5k+ comments a day to like 100 comments.  No one will show up, the LA times did the same thing, they would get a lot of traffic, now no one even comments on stories. (Sports Section)
ChargersFan4Life001::the story about Grienke going to LA would have had 5k+ easily if it was on a normal board. It had a couple hundred at best on FB.
Minnysota Vikings::NFL.com switching completely to Facebook is the reason I started posting on ESPN.
ChargersFan4Life001::ESPN is now stupid enough to use it
ChargersFan4Life001::Facebook sucks, twitter isnt much better
Minnysota Vikings::Facebook will be the end of all things.
Jim Buss Decisions::why is that on baseball boards you can only comment using FB?
The_Reasonable_Guy_Is_AFK::I hope this doesn't happen to basketball or football boards, but I still haven't got an explanation for the FB thing.
ChargersFan4Life001::I'm not sure but its so stupid. They are getting less comments by FB only. If they do that to all boards I'm done here
ChargersFan4Life001::I dont even use FB let alone comment on FB boards
Jim Buss Decisions::yeah, I wanted to comment the other day but I couldn't.  No way I'm commenting using FB lol
ChargersFan4Life001::Kings &lt; your favorite team
Emoney321.000::Hockey or basketball?
Jim Buss Decisions::I never worried for Rubio when he got injured,  because he was never the athletic type player in the first place.  I am worried about Rose tho,
The_Reasonable_Guy_Is_AFK::Westbrook is very durable and more athletic than both. It's amazing how he hasn't got injured yet, great talent tho.
Minnysota Vikings::I feel the same way. Rubio's strengths are from the neck up. Hopefully Adrian Peterson giving Rose advice will help him.
ChargersFan4Life001::Its amazing what AP is doing, he should win CPOY
Jim Buss Decisions::Didn't RG3 also come back from a similar injury?
Megatroll.::Howard is gonna kill Chandler tonight
KnixTape24::where the hell do you see that stat
KnixTape24::Haha did you watch Howard's last game against Chandler
Megatroll.::yeap he had 26points, 12 rebounds against the knicks in orlando
Minnysota Vikings::In other news, Rubio is coming back Saturday :)
Jim Buss Decisions::next Nash
Minnysota Vikings::Eh, from a passing perspective yeah. But Nash is a thousand times better shooter than Rubio.
ChargersFan4Life001::RUUUUUUBIO!
ChargersFan4Life001::lol not really but he's fun to watch so it wasnt a big deal
Minnysota Vikings::You like it when he dribbled the ball through Cousin's legs at the Rookie/Sophomore game? lol
Jim Buss Decisions::Howard missed like 11 FT's last night tho :(
Megatroll.::u mean on 2 nights ago?
KnixTape24::11 more tonight
Jim Buss Decisions::The highest seed the Lakers have a shot at right now is the 4th seed.  I can see the Grizzlies slipping up.
howdythere...::hahahaha ok f this lol 4 seed
howdythere...::wtf really? 4 seed...ok
ChargersFan4Life001::their 1st goal right now should be playoffs
ChargersFan4Life001::IF*  A lot of teams can go on a roll if they get their shiiiiit together
Jim Buss Decisions::lol, they are the only team with a losing record capable of putting together a 8+ winning streak. Ground can be made up if they get there sh.it together.
Minnysota Vikings::Decisions, any part of you wishing you had Bynum back?
Jim Buss Decisions::Is he playing?  HELL NO!
Jim Buss Decisions::No, D. Howard defense helps, even tho it doesn't really show but he is basically the only player playing D right now. And he also is better on the boards.   Bynum is good, when he comes back he should help Philly a lot tho, him and Jrue will make noise in the playoffs.
Minnysota Vikings::I guess I just meant the question assuming they were both healthy. Would you prefer the Bynum from last year over Dwight.
Megatroll.::Who's ever had interracial sex here?
Jim Buss Decisions::I had sex with Precious  Not sure what she is tho
.United We Run Divided We Walk.::Precious wouldn't suck your dick even if you offered to buy her KFC afterward.
howdythere...::fat i think
.United We Run Divided We Walk.::You never even had sex shut up
Megatroll.::wow ok
Jim Buss Decisions::There is alot of good SG's in the league. Just that most of them aren't #1 options.  But if you look at the new #1 options like Harden and Mayo they have been beasting.  A lot of SG's in the league can put up #'s if they were the #1 option.
Jim Buss Decisions::Not the Lakers fault the media slurps them... Can't do nothing about it....
Minnysota Vikings::You seem like a reasonable Lakers fan. What do you think the team's biggest problem is right now? They still shouldn't be losing games to the Cavs with Kobe and Dwight on the floor.
Jim Buss Decisions::lol, just cause I don't take the board serious 90% of the time, doesn't mean I don't know what i'm talking about. It's hard to get a bball convo going in here.
ChargersFan4Life001::he's far from reasonable
Jim Buss Decisions::Defense and Effort  Simple as that...  Also turnovers, but you can't really judge that since Nash is out. He will cut that # in half when he returns.
.United We Run Divided We Walk.::"You seem like a reasonable lakers fan" LMAO
ESPN 1st Ballot HOF::<b>soon as wade has a good game.... in like 4 to 5 game... heat fans *wade is back* 5 games later *trade wade*</b>
KnixTape24::I love how Mav fans gloat about picking up Mayo and talk about how good he's playing. Ohh... wait your still 11-11 and my team stole Chandler and Kidd from your team oops.
bad_klay_fly::no one stole chandler.. the mavs let him walk
KnixTape24::J Kidd is playing great how are you not happy for him?
KnixTape24::Not even close.
howdythere...::Kidd staring in this seasons "walking dead"
Jim Buss Decisions::Stole?  You black n.igga?
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz::They still show Maury
Jim Buss Decisions::Chargersfan was just on it...
ChargersFan4Life001::was that supposed to be funny?
Minnysota Vikings::Someone check the expiration date on Dwyane Wade. He seems to be going bad.
Jim Buss Decisions::He is good for like 15 good games in a season now lol
Minnysota Vikings::definitely needs to shoot jumpers better if he wants to stay at a high level
Megatroll.::hahahahahahaha listen to the rondo and dwight parts http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dWAmd4Zh4g
Jim Buss Decisions::Delonte West to the Lakers!
ChargersFan4Life001::still a crappy team
ChargersFan4Life001::I'm more upset about 1 year, not a collective number of seasons. but I do enjoy the lakers looking like garbage
ESPN 1st Ballot HOF::its k i cant hate on u.... i mean all the playoff hunts lakers have given the kings... i be butt hurt too if i was a queens fan
ChargersFan4Life001::espn and the rest of the media proclaimed them world champs
Jim Buss Decisions::the lakers never called themselves the dream team you troll
ChargersFan4Life001::1.5 games better with the "dream team" lol congrats
ESPN 1st Ballot HOF::still better than the kings lmao
I SCRAMBLE MY EGGZ IN HARLEM---::I'm out too. You suckaz have a horrible night.
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz::Damn son you gone get this work b
ESPN 1st Ballot HOF::lmao dis n*gga
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz::Do you know who loaded lux is eggs?
I SCRAMBLE MY EGGZ IN HARLEM---::Yeah, some fake battle rapper from Harlem.
ChargersFan4Life001::gn eggz
Jim Buss Decisions::later n/igga  happy bday
Minnysota Vikings::Game 7 of 2010 was extremely lopsided in the Lakers favor as well. When it comes to the Lakers in a playoff series, David Stern turns into Vince McMahon.
Jim Buss Decisions::lol watch the game.  Only call they missed was Gasol's up and down.  But not even the C's bench saw it, that is how close it was.
Jim Buss Decisions::The fouls were FOULS though, but like I said, that play was right infront of the C's bench, it was almost impossible to see. Know one knew about it until they showed the replay.
Minnysota Vikings::HUGE missed call. Thanks for pointing that one out.
ESPN 1st Ballot HOF::obvious fixed series i can think of 2002 lakers vs kings 2006 finals heat vs mavs 2012 heat vs c's  2012 heat vs okc
ChargersFan4Life001::2012 finals didnt seem really fixed, there was 1 bad missed call in game 2 but besides that there wasnt a lot
Megatroll.::both Al jefferson and Paul Milsap deserve all star consideration
KnixTape24::Chandler to get his first All Star Appearance?
Megatroll.::yup
Jim Buss Decisions::Big Al
Megatroll.::especially him
Jim Buss Decisions::MWP would lay DMC out in 1 punch
.United We Run Divided We Walk.::Decisions I could beat you in basketball
ChargersFan4Life001::cause he likes to fight people
ChargersFan4Life001::at least he doesnt fight fans
Jim Buss Decisions::DMC tries to act tough
KnixTape24::Wow Jason Terry played 48 minutes. He'll probably be out for the next three games.
Jim Buss Decisions::lol
