IlliniDave68::One more then I'm out -  http://troll.me/images/dos-equis-man/lebron-doesnt-always-disappear-but-when-he-does-he-prefers-it-to-be-in-the-playoffs-thumb.jpg   Later, Bulls fans!   GO BULLS!!!
IlliniDave68::I liked THIS ONE the most! -  http://assets.diylol.com/hfs/3e6/f23/c27/resized/mj-meme-generator-hey-lebron-u-mad-6f3909.jpg?1308141552.jpg
IlliniDave68::http://assets.diylol.com/hfs/44a/fc3/b43/resized/yao-ming-meme-generator-lebron-better-than-kobe-look-at-my-face-f1242e.jpg
IlliniDave68::http://assets.diylol.com/hfs/70b/31a/24e/resized/really-tho-meme-generator-i-aint-getting-6-rings-lol-do-i-look-like-lebron-165016.jpg?1304899109.jpg
IlliniDave68::http://assets.diylol.com/hfs/99e/ffb/989/resized/bosh-s-drank-meme-generator-i-don-t-always-drink-semen-but-when-i-do-i-prefer-lebron-s-f66a79.jpg?1323757815.jpg
IlliniDave68::http://t.qkme.me/3o2b.jpg
IlliniDave68::http://drkronner.files.wordpress.com/2011/06/lebron-fail-meme-generator-i-failed-in-cleveland-i-won-t-fail-in-mia-nevermind-57b8e3.jpg?w=640
IlliniDave68::http://memegenerator.net/instance/14971313
IlliniDave68::http://memegenerator.net/instance/14972166
chadhenne07::i dont wanna hear anyone compare d-will to D-rose.......rose is just the best PG in the league......do u guys see that game yesterday....rose has stopped listening to haters saying he is a shoot first point guard ...instead he is back to the old rose again....aggressive.....u cant guard me, ill drive to the basket no matter how many defenders are there and take a hard foul and if u come off boozer to help ill dish it......give me space to shoot, i dare u ......u cant handle me....thats the rose i saw yesterday ...thats the rose  i know...
GrizzK4::There's no comparison, that's a given. But I am a big D-Will fan! I loved him when the Illini had the 3-headed guard monster with Dee Brown and Luther Head, and I'm glad he's been so successful at the next level! Poor guy really could use some better pieces around him though.
IlliniDave68::Miami bandwagon riders - proud Heat backers since 2010.
dante9876::I cant believe people can justify Deng playing 44 minutes yesterday. I know he is condition good. But he is playing through pain with his wrist and you can tell on his jump shot. Butler can come in and check JJ for a little while. When Deng plays 28 minutes in the all-star game People are going to complain then. LOL
IlliniDave68::Gogoberrymix6 (also known as http://fansided.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/07/rickygimp-copy.jpg ) likes his own posts.
chadhenne07::gogoberry is an idiot
tbomber2::hes the worst
sportsguy9433::Breaking NEWS: White Mamba traded to Miami for Lebron and Dwayne Wade.
chicagofan68::don't lie, bulls would never be that stupid
Rambomonster9::Nobody talks about Deron Williams, but his numbers are almost identical other than d-will gets 1/2 more assist per game.  d-will is underrated.
dante9876::Im a Bulls fan but Williams is right there. Rose wouild average more than 4 turnovers if he had to play with the bums Deron does. Deron plays with humphries and 10 scrubs. Morrow can score some but that is really it. I give Deron all the props in the world for the stats he is putting up on that team.
chicagofan68::rose is shooting 46%. d-will is shooting 41%. big difference in efficiency. rose averages 2.9 turnovers per game. d-will - 4.1 PER has its flaws, but there's a reason rose is at #2 among PGs, but d-will is 10th.  and all those numbers come through injuries with rose, so he's not even going to be playing as well, or as consistently, as he actually is.
BullsBearsBlackhawksCubs::D.Rose at 60%=LIn at 100%
85293168ax2::who flagged me?  D.amn you Lebron
Mballa1244::Miami heat fans=diehard basketball fans since June 2010
BullsBearsBlackhawksCubs::this coming from the same moron who posted this on the knicks page...."all these playa yet no one bein the truth when it comes down to it knicks aint no gangsta aint got no $$$$"
tbomber2::lol
22Young Money::Chicago bulls fans=irritating lil potsies
tbomber2::bulls fans = best fans on earth
acohn22::Joe Johnson hurt, is Josh "hard in the paint" Smith taking his place in the All-Star game???
DogOnLoose::the Pick &amp; Rose!
hooch3314::Almost giving up a 21 point lead and shootng 40% or less  for about the 4th straight  game still concerns me.
DCOVEY8434::James&gt;JL3...........Better shooter, better passer, better defense...............Is there a good arguement on why Lucas should even see minutes come playoffs? I want a better reason outside of, because of who daddy is.
JagBag1::Agreed Lucas takes the craziest shots when he's on the floor. I'm personally upset that we have to choose from James and Lucas at this point. I would really like Hamilton to get on the floor a few games before the playoffs.
Detmar08::Heat fans always troll on here and act like they murdered the Bulls in the playoffs last year. If I recall the 2011 playoffs it was the Bulls demoralizing the Heat in game 1, then very close games there on out with the Bulls leading in most of those games in the 4th. It's alright to be scared. You Heat trolls see a team getting healthy and it worries you. Last year we had a SG averaging 4 points a game. Bulls will get a healthy Rip back soon, Rose is finally getting healthy, Deng is stepping is game up another notch this year, Noah is just a man-beast, and Boozer is at least playing good on the offensive side this year. Still not worried cuz I would be if I were the heat ;-)
JagBag1::They really do make it sound like they destroyed the Bulls. I really hope the Bulls can show the same fire they had last year come playoff time. I know this season is very compacted and guys are tired but there is no way you can let a team get back in the game like they did the Hawks yesterday. If the do in the playoffs the will lose.   Signed Bulls season ticket holder
Jaguarcrazyboy::Good solid victory by the whole team. Ronnie Brewer stepped it up. KK was missing shots but was at least taking them.
Fat Kid And Druggy Daddy::The Hawks was awful defensively they just couldn't get a rebound
Rodgers Floggers::Give some credit to the Bulls.  They are one of the best rebounding teams in the league on both ends.
KingOfTheFantasyWorld::The Rose return was nothing short of a miracle.
IlliniDave68::Nah. He just felt ready to play.
Rossi46Doctor::Current Heat team - 0 rings.
bucksnreds::Wade has a ring.
chicagofan68::wade is not a team.  by that argument, this bulls team has a ring thanks to scalabrine.
Gogoberrymix6::The Bulls have only played 8 winning teams in their last 27 games and managed to lose 6 of them
IlliniDave68::YAWN.  It's Groundhog Day AGAIN?
DogOnLoose::This guy has no life.
Detmar08::And the Heat have lost to the bucks twice so what is your point?
GrizzK4::And over those 27 games, they are 20-7. Sounds good enough to me.
Jaguarcrazyboy::When will you go away?
boudz::and where does Adam Morrison play?
dante9876::Thibs is starting to $@%! me off. Why is Deng always playing so many minutes. I mean Korver and Butler can play at least 5 minutes a piece at small forward.
chicagofan68::....and yet it was a close game. thibs played rose limited minutes, so he kept deng in longer. the hawks fought back, so we needed deng in there. deng gets played a lot, but this is one game where he was really needed to.
bcnewcomiu05::Deng will be fine
DCOVEY8434::They are a couple days away from a 6 day vacation. Deng probably has the best conditioning on the team, and always plays those minutes....I agree with you on Rose though, playing him against the 4-22 Hornets right after his spasms gave him trouble was moronic. Also playing Rip every other game early on, we all see how well that worked out...He's one hell of a coach, but managing injuries is not one of his strong points.
dante9876::44 minutes in a game we was up 15+ for most of the time. Thats freaking ridiculous. Thibs needs to manage Rose, Deng and Noah minutes much better. There really ain no excuse for it.
I_still_like_Cheetos::Not sure it matters...as bulls team is currently comprised, they cant beat the heat in a 7 game series...
IlliniDave68::All I can say is that Heat bandwagon riders are setting themselves up for a BIG fall with all of this yapping.
chicagofan68::absolutely they can. the series last year was closer than heat fans like to remember, and the bulls are better this season.  this year, the bulls only lost one game, in miami, by 4 points. that alone means it's going to be a close series, and when you throw in that the bulls were missing deng and watson, it implies an even closer or bulls-favored series.
DCOVEY8434::All 5 of the games in that series was close. The passing has looked better from the bigs, and they will finally have scoring in the playoffs from the SG position....Keep it up with the fortune telling, you might be hiding in the closet come playoff time....Just like all Heat fans did before last season.
boudz::neither can the Mavs... oh wait
Bears3412::If Rose didn't start, would Mike James or John Lucas III have started? I would have gone with Mike James.
dabulls2012::There's a pretty serious pending problem with Mike James...the Bulls won't be able to keep him through the end of the season due to salary cap issues...they have precious few dollars left and they're saving it for another big...it's really too bad they let Thibs keep his pet JL3 instead of keeping Mike James who fits his system SO much better.
DCOVEY8434::Do you work in the front office? I hardly doubt James making the league minimum will screw them when it comes to the salary cap. We went after Lebron and Wade 2 years ago, and haven't made any big moves since. How in the hell could they of afforded them, if now they can't afford to pay a guy the league minimum??I wanna know where everybody keeps getting their salary cap talk, it sounds a little lame to me.
diabolic0330::I wish I didn't have to sleep. Later guys, off to go get some Meth.
diabolic0330::That's a joke btw. But i'm off.
chitwnwest::Im out .....God bless"   GO BULLS!!!!
Rossi46Doctor::peeeeeace
markos kolioulis::even though this wont happen imagine if the knicks knock out the heat in the first round hahahaha
FEAR_THE_HEAT::lol the Knicks knock off the Heat, Bulls fans wish!
Goku Muffin Button::Golden State knocked off Dallas ...so you never know......
diabolic0330::Better yet, the Bucks! :D
diabolic0330::Wouldn't that be something? haha. Who cares about home court for the ECF when u have UC North
markos kolioulis::BULLS VS BUCKS EASTERN CONF FINALS LOL!!!!
diabolic0330::I wonder if the Flamer fans realize no one else like the Heat except them.
zags 79::Peace Bulls fans, Later Flamers 1 more starter and we are back to full championship strength The New Era begins June 2012 GO BULLS BULLieve
markos kolioulis::god, im so happy we have our rose back
MrBull23::Me too.. so happy our MVP is back... I am PUMPED!!!
chitwnwest::yeah its like a high turbo powered engine without the turbo
Rossi46Doctor::How many cHeat trolls' heads will explode when the Bulls knock them out of the playoffs?
markos kolioulis::aha Jeremy Lin might do it first
diabolic0330::Mass suicide watch for all of Miami
Rossi46Doctor::D Wade gets an F for 15 flops
Rossi46Doctor::Especially on the cHeat Index
Hawk Harrelson 321::Reality check; My wife was dying. I was by her bedside. She said in a tired voice, "Theres something i must confess."   "Shhh" I said, "theres nothing to confess. Everythings alright."   "No i must die in peace. I had s*x with your brother, your best friend, his best friend and your father!"   "I know," I whispered "Thats why i posion you, now close your eyes!!"
chitwnwest::Drew Peterson
chitwnwest::there goes IlliniDave to bed alone with lotion
zags 79::He has eczema, he needs it
diabolic0330::That sh*t sucks.
diabolic0330::Hey, Carlton played a nice game. His 3 lifted us a bit. I still think MJ should be the 3rd.
zags 79::Someone needs to make a meme
markos kolioulis::if its supercheap next season id like to see this as the 3  Rose, Kirk Hinrich, Cj Watson
diabolic0330::Aren't u 38? Nah, he's 36.
diabolic0330::Right, he wants to start, but I don't think he'll be a good starter. He's a solid backup, but nothing more.
markos kolioulis::isnt james 38
markos kolioulis::haha and i dont think watson would be happy about being a third option haha
diabolic0330::31, not young, but not Ray Allen old.
markos kolioulis::he's pretty old though
diabolic0330::If we get Cap back, why would we sign Watson to a deal? MJ is the way cheaper option.
zags 79::CARLTON??? LOLLLLOLLOLOLL, JUST REALIZED, im seriously dying
diabolic0330::Haha f*ck yeah dude.
diabolic0330::Disappointed with Korver lately. He had many open 3s and he didn't hit 1.
IlliniDave68::I'm out for real, this time, guys.  Have a good one!    GO BULLS!!!
Silverwulf1::Night Dave
diabolic0330::Take it easy.
zags 79::PEACE
markos kolioulis::whatever everones thoughts on us getting kirk back here if its for super cheap
chitwnwest::if they take Lucas
markos kolioulis::we just dont sign him again next season
chitwnwest::Miami to being a great sports town is what North Dakota is to black people
zags 79::Or Mt.Rushmore
Isai5536::The knicks lol
markos kolioulis::think about how glad we are we didnt get melo
markos kolioulis::rose woulda never gotten the ball melo woulda been ben gordon 10 times worse
zags 79::Denver would be a complete team, with Deng as a defensive stud. Denver would have been scary. Oh well for Nugs fans :D
markos kolioulis::so are there a lot of bridges in miami since a ton of trolls live there?
Epicki::And a lot of magnets.
markos kolioulis::hahahaha
markos kolioulis::theres a reason noone likes any teams in miami, miami resembles nothing about a great sports city
pvmountaineer::Most Heat fans probably haven't even stepped foot in miami
Silverwulf1::Even Miami fans don't usually deny that Miami is one of the worst sports cities in the country.
Epicki::The only thing Lebron has going for him these days is having a song named after him, although written while he was in Cleveland. (A GREAT song by the way) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=78WgTsUv3Vg
markos kolioulis::so when lebron opts out in a couple years all the heat trolls will become whatever team he goes to
IlliniDave68::Yep.
zags 79::Lol
chitwnwest::not cool
zags 79::You need to hear from Grant Hill and Jared Dudley......
chitwnwest::a gay Cavs fan
LosHeatSonLosMejores::Yawn
IlliniDave68::Most miserable city in America, according to Forbes.  Kudos to you, I guess.
markos kolioulis::whatever you tell yourself we all know thats a big fat lie
LosHeatSonLosMejores::I live in Miami you skin flutist.......
markos kolioulis::we all know you were a cavs fan 2 years ago
chitwnwest::Thibbs needs to tell JLucas stop dribbling with his shoulders down, because as soon as he lifts them everyone knows he's trying to pass
zags 79::He needs to tell JL3, stop dribbling the shot clock down to the last few seconds then take a wildly contested shot, or forcing the unnecessary issue. Guy thinks he's Drose out there, way too out of control, thank god for Prince James
zags 79::I like the guy, way more reliable
chitwnwest::mini James playing for a contract....kinda hard headed
zags 79::Thank god for Mini James
chitwnwest::he cant pass because once he raises up, defenders take away the passing lane
