hookem5746::"I think it was great passes. I just think some of my teammates (didn't) catch them, and some of them got tipped away," Wall said, "so just got to deal with it."  Wall had 7 turnovers and 4 assists.  ROFL.  I love seeing Wizards fans in perpetual pain.  Are they still "back"???
pek pek man::that was funny because from other angles looks like it went in. no wonder half the crowd cheered
hookem5746::Lol yea the TV angles though made it pretty clear it was short. Only If you watched the net and not the ball did it look good.
hookem5746::Lol just watching NBA on TNT.  Is it often that half the crowds at a Wizards game cheer at a last second air ball??
I play COD all DAY::when in doubt just assume that the wizards lost
Shabazz54::DAAAAAAGGGGGEEEEEERRRRRRR!
MotorCityMagic35::We almost lost after having a 10+ pt lead. Would have been the 14th loss after holding a 10+pt lead at some point in the game had that final bucket sunk
Ivanov21::When was the last time a Pistons PG had 18 assists?! 10+ assists had already become a rarity but Jose should make it a habit now again !
tizi6969::Why do the Wizards only play good against the good teams
Real Deal Beal::idk why but the wiz don't match up well with the Pistons
ksooklal::at least dc doesn't have half the unemployment of detroit... might as well call the whole damn detroit area deep-shiiiiiit because that's what it is: high crime, high unemployment, and the dead home of failed auto manufacturers who needed my tax dollars just so they could continue making crap for cars just because the big three are supposedly "american manufacturers"....
Philip3664::Sounds like somebody's feelings are hurt.....
ksesch313::you are so misinformed about the detroit AREA it is funny
040Carter::I've been following a system for betting lately called SportsbettingStar. In only two months time I have averaged $3,000 a month profit. I found this system on the first page of Google by searching for sports betting systems.   I hope this post helps anyone out there that might be looking for an easy way to make extra income like I was.
040Carter::Been betting with an online system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months. I have made over $3,000 a month now for three straight months since I started following it. This system was on the very first page of Google when I searched for  Sports Betting Systems. It is extremely popular and if you have not heard of this system I highly recommend it.
Duke6287::I started betting a system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made around 3K a month for 3 consecutive months now using this system. You can find this system on the 1st page of Google by searching for Sports Betting Systems.
toshsghost::Hey Wall.  It's time to take the next step as a leader.  Franchise PG's don't say things like "they were great passes, it was just some of my teammates couldn't catch them."  PUT IT WHERE THEY WILL CATCH THEM.  And even if you don't think the turnovers are your fault, MAN UP and take the blame anyways.  Your teammates will respect you that much more for NOT THROWING THEM UNDER THE BUS and PUTTING THE MISTAKES ON YOUR OWN SHOULDERS.  Grow up or go play somewhere else.  DC is trying to build a winner.  If you don't want on or can't function in the role you were blessed to play, then step aside and let somebody else give it a shot.
Zede51::monroe about to be a max player
TecmoTrojan::Wall needs to get his head out of his #$$. Ruining my fantasy team...
samerzz16::Insert Drummond and the Pistons can be a playoff team.  As long as Calderon and BK are playing the 1 and 2 and Monroe is playing the 4, that would be a great line up.  I would love to see the chemistry between Calderon and Drummond.
jseeliwag::fantasy question here: brandon knight or dion waiters?
The poster formerly known as bigjoe93atl::The Wizards announcer going nuts over Ariza's airball was hilarious.
FaggenP636::The Wizards are horrible at developing players. It never happens. Wall is flopping. And I see Curry dominating and of course the Wiz passed on him that year to trade for Foye and Miller. Terrible Grunfeld decision, among many.
Man in LA luvs 49ers n fiancee::https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fsYNYdPbBoc  Ariza's game winning clucth 3 !
iamtherealy2k::lol, I thought that was good too...
2215Tommy::Nice job Pistons. Tried to give the game away, but couldn't manage it.
DTownSportsLions::lol why are these two fan bases arguing. We both have young pieces but neither team is going to make a lot of noise any time soon. Enjoy the process.
earlealston::Rodney comes off bench = WIN. Rodney starts = LOSE  I SERIOUSLY hope they find a way to get rid of him before next year. He's now the only thing holding us back from being a playoff contender.
mrkennedy23::When's Drummond coming back?
jseeliwag::i read he's a few weeks away from returning. but then again, the previous comment is accurate as well -- management might just rest and keep him out the rest of the year so he can have a fresh start as a full time starter next season.
mattcowboys77AD::he might not depending on the playoff chances.
Poor Oregon::I'm really down on John Wall. Doesn't look like he will ever be the player people thought he would be.
ksmit111::Hmm lots of trash talk going on in here.. great game by both teams.. if the wizards had nene the outcome might have been different.. lots of cocky piston fans would disagree though
mattcowboys77AD::we beat them when they had nene....
WEEzYxx::Same can be said if the Pistons had Drummond. Instead of a +1 W it would have been +10
CamOverRG3::Wizards fans quiet now,lol
GeorgeTownDC29::Wow come to talk ish after a 1 point loss. I guess Charlotte fans need something to make them happy
ksmit111::He's just salt that rg3 with one leg &gt; cam
PatriotsCeltsRedSox::Typo much, ESPN? I'm pretty sure the Wizards won lol.  What a clutch shot by Ariza at the buzzer. My grandparents hopped out of their seats on the couch screaming with joy. What a win for the Wizards.
TDOTNATION22::Pistons aint making the playoffs.
GodofAcid::YES! Huge win!
bigerdrumrr::PLAYOFF BOuND BABY
bigerdrumrr::spurs 2013 nba champs biiiich
bigerdrumrr::detroit rock city
TheJTram::Holy $@%...what happened? Im guessing Frank had to do something with that 4th quarter collapse
Philip3664::You know it. Took out Greg, BK and Jose when they were playing well at the same time
TheJTram::Smh...I missed the game but of course we know Frank would pull something like that.....He''s like an open book...easy to read
DetroitPistons16::hey, all u delusional wizards fans.  1. You are not better than the pistons. look at the games weve played against u this season. we have crowned your $@%!$. so, SHUT UP!! U GUYS SUCK!!
tizi6969::Wiz only play good against good teams.. and suck vs bad teams....idk why
DetroitPistons16::atlanta is a streaky team.. good one night, $@%! the next
GeorgeTownDC29::They offer a tough match up for us. Check  it you guys got your a$$ beat the other night by Atlanta and we beat them so...
Poor Oregon::lol
Poor Oregon::I agree though. Monroe is a beast
Philip3664::Curry tryna have one of those games in the garden
Detroit Everything::if we let bynum go, and let Stuckey and English be the backcourt off the bench, that would be a good decision, especially if we bring back Calderon and reel in an above average SF (cough, josh smith). Oh and also fire frank, start Drummond at C and Monroe PF. Even tho the position names themselves are meaningless, Drummond Monroe Calderon Knight and ___*new SF*_____ should be starting next year.
JimDetroitFan95::Resigning Calderon is key imo.  I like the way you think though.
JimDetroitFan95::Calderon is top 5 in the league imo.  If they let him sign elsewhere, they aren't serious about winning now....
Detroit Everything::ya, we honestly can't do any better from the free agent PG pool, all the elite guys have their own agendas.
mattnimp::Pistons have proved that they have the Wiz's number not once, not twice, not thrice, but cuatro times. I give credit where it's due
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::Go Pistons!
Mgoblueteam134::I think the wizards make the playoffs next year. Wall is a stud and beal is a very good young player i think he'll be a stud soon enough, Ariza is one of the best glue guys in the nba and with okafur(spell check) and nene they have one of the best reboundin starting 5's IMO becuase beal and wall a great rebounding guards
DetroitPistons16::uhhh no
Philip3664::http://vine.co/v/bXAJOewV7Oq  LOL
ploking95::lmao
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::melvin887 - Only $@%!$ @%! pistons fans talk trash one lucky win dont care on to new york  ------------------ How did the Pistons get lucky when the Wiz had to get the refs to try and hand them the game at the end????
Encaladitos::he is a moron, thinks wizards are a 8th seed contender.
evanb1990a::that makes 4-0 against the Wizards, comprising 17% of the team's wins
melvin887::Good Game Ariza
mattnimp::Ariza would have been such a huge hero if he had made that shot cause he basically brought us back.
FaggenP636::What's going on with Wall? Is David Falk right about this dude?
mattnimp::There's nothing wrong with him he just had a bad day is all
Philip3664::Hope i can find that on youtube
bamberg1977::The officials deliberately started making the wrong calls to purposely fix the end of that game. That charge called on Calderon was ridiculous, and the clear path Intentional was one of the worst calls I've ever seen. It was so obviously not clear path. Officials would never have the balls to blatantly make that call if this was a higher profile game. So officials get evaluated? Doubt it, not with those calls.
evanb1990a::Better question, when did the Pistons ever get the calls, lol?
JimDetroitFan95::This game was proof to me:  Jose Calderon- point guard  Brandon Knight- shooting guard  This combination works the best for the Pistons.  Seriously.
t casey::I agree, though, with the roster we have now, that's the best 1,2 lineup we have.
t casey::I still think Knight can be a more impactful pg. Let's no forget, his last game at pg he put up 20 and 10. So his great play didn't necessarily start when he was moved to sg, but a bit before that.
Jrayt220::He's been hurt all year?
Jrayt220::It worked against the Wizards man. How have they fared with that combination in the past?
Jrayt220::I think they're looking good for next year,I just don't know about how Calderon factors into the equation.Let's not forget,the Raptors let him go.The Raptors.
JimDetroitFan95::I believe it will fare extremely well in the future.  Jose is a great distributor, and there is less pressure on Knight if he doesn't have to run the offense.
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::actually it was starting to pick up steam before Brandon's injury. He's got to get used to being a SG with Calderon as his PG.
JimDetroitFan95::Knights first game back due to injury........
Mgoblueteam134::With Drummond, Monroe, Singler,Knight, Calderon and a solid bench its only a matter of time till we make the playoffs
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::agreed. Knight could be a deadly shooting guard.
t casey::But as a poor defender, it'd probably be better, for defensive purposes at least, for him to guard smaller pg's than shooting guards where he'll be at a size disadvantage against all but maybe 1 or 2 teams.
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::He's not really a good defensive PG either. At least he'd be able to outscore most SG's.
mattnimp::He wouldn't be able to defend other shooting guards
melvin887::Good game Wizards lets get ready for New York
mattnimp::Everyone from that angle thought that the ball went in so lay off Buckhantz and Chenier
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::Phatepiclewts - How the hell is the line even? The Wizards are going to wipe the floor with the Pistons.  melvin887 - My Wizards bout to win again  GeorgeTownDC29 - 4 in a row tonight to add to yet another win streak  -------------------------- Will you guys never learn? ...just keep being cocky LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL!
melvin887::Yea Watever Slim And unlike the Pistons yall cant beat good team like the Wizards did win wins over OKC MIAMI LA NEW YORK DENVER 2 TIMES RAPTORS BUCKS must i go on
melvin887::Only $@%!$ @%! pistons fans talk trash one lucky win dont care on to new york
Encaladitos::and lose again? Pistons might suck but they dont suck as bad as the wizards.
ryai3::And the knicks will wipe the floor with you after that Lucky $@% win you guys got against them a few weeks ago.
melvin887::And do I care who the $@%! is yall to me yall dismiss
Encaladitos::apparently you do cause you keep responding to us
Philip3664::Nice grammar
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::"yall" is a word used by uneducated losers...
melvin887::$@%!$ @%! pistons fans
Encaladitos::mad cause you got called out?
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::umad bro??? LMAO!!!! LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL!!!!!
Philip3664::LOL guess they didnt see the first 3 games against us
ploking95::dumb wizards fans. hahaha
