Wayne M::The Heat just played their best half of basketball this season in the first 2Q tonight defensively...  And they still lost
Cyril::It comes down to rebounding for Miami.  Last time I looked, they are dead last in the NBA in rebounding average.  When they have an off night, they don't have enough of a presence on the boards to collect those offensive rebounds. Bosh had 3 tonight, and the bench had 6.
daniel::Sometime last June, I could imagine the following conversation between David Stern and Adam Silver: "OK Adam, I am retiring at the end of 2013.  You are going to take over, and I am going to show you how to keep the NBA raking in the largest possible profits.  All you have to do is to continue to do what I have done, make sure the superstars make the Finals.  The 2013 Finals were going to be my crowning achievement.  I was finally going to get my long awaited Kobe vs. LeBron Finals.  I had the Lakers games fixed the whole second half of the year and I was sneaking them into the playoffs, but Kobe went down during the game I rigged vs. the Warriors. Since Kobe was out for the year, I quickly instructed my officials to let the Lakers lose to the Spurs in the first round, because without Kobe, the Spurs would be a much better matchup. At that point, I had to shift to another LeBron vs. Tim Duncan Finals because that was the second best money making matchup for us. Since Indiana was so tough on the inside, I had to make sure the Heat won in 7 games.  We were able to maximize profits in that series, and fortunately for us, the Heat dominated in game 7 at home, so I didn't have to have the refs help out Miami. In the Finals, we always follow the same format.  Split the first two, let the Heat win either game 3 or 4, and the home team will usually win game 5, and make sure the Heat win game 6 so there can be a game 7 where the home team almost always wins.  We had to put the fix in game 6 because the Spurs were playing well and were going to win, so we instructed coach Pop to make sure the Spurs lost.  He did what we asked, and Miami went on to win, and we had the most profitable Finals in years. So this is how you do it, Adam.  Like taking candy from a baby.   We have the media in our pockets, and fans are too dumb to understand what's really going on.  Good Luck on being commissioner, this is my playbook for maximizing profits, Adam."
daniel::Indiana has only one chance to beat the Heat in the playoffs, and that is if LeBron is out for the year.  Otherwise, forget it.  The NBA would lose millions of dollars if Indiana beat Miami and went to the Finals.  The NBA will not let that happen.  It'll be a great show, but a rigged won with Miami winning again.  Indiana can forget about beating the Heat in the playoffs because millions of dollars has a tendency to make referees do strange things, that always benefit the team with the superstars like LeBron.
Ice::Indiana is a good team and probably the best team in the NBA right now but being the best in December mounts to hell of beans.Until they beat the heat in a series no one will care.
Long Duck Dong::Has anyone noticed that the eastern conference atlantic division leader is 2 games under .500? also, in the entire eastern conference, there are only 3 teams over .500 and that third team is 1 game from 500. thats fricken sad.  this is the weakest eastern division i think ive ever seen.
Travis J::For all the smack talk the Pacers are only down by 7 and are a notorious second half team...
JYD::Nice! Good job Indiana. Time to push Miami aside and focus on playing some good clean basketball.
CLINT::Now I'm more positive than ever that Miami is going to beat the pants off Pacers in a seven game series if they don't improve. Tonight they lost in points but they out played Indiana really most of the night.  Miami doesn't have to have home court to win championship and have played with and without home court.  They found the Pacers weak spots tonight and will build from there. Oh and don't think that Hibbert will be killing them inside like that in the playoffs. Spoelstar doesn't coach to beat teams he coaches to me to play 48 minutes even when you don't have to play 48 minutes. Like tonight they had Indiana down by 10 and Lebron sits on the bench the first 7 minutes of the second quarter.  He's already playing less minutes this season with Wade playing every  other game  so why not play him and rest him when the game is out of reach.  if they had went on and blew the game out of reach at half time he would have played less minutes anyway.  Like tonight that gives teams a chance to easily come back.
oldsecretary::The Eastern Conference is so pathetic this year, of the 15 teams only two have winning records.  We just saw them play.
