Craig Meads::Dear Jazz after winning this game, please get back to tanking. Thanks- Jazz Nation
John Berry::Amen, amen.
Shawn K Frazier::Well said.  U r a good fan...  keep your eye on the prize!
Taylor Manes::Lol..everyone knows David stern is going to rig the draft this year...I wouldn't be surprised if Atlanta or chicago gets the number one draft pick...
Marcleen Bavogui::HAYWARD OUTPLAYED  KD TONight .. my goodness what a complete game
Adam Youman::he sure did. incredible
Kevin Behmer::The news here is Jazz overcoming Durant's 48? Gordon Hayward's 37 points on 13 for 16 shooting was far more impressive. Yeah Durant Scored 48 but he also shot 34 times-- More than double the attempts Hayward had, and only made 14 of them.
Shawn K Frazier::This is what makes me so angry... espn ignores the fact that Hayward clearly beat an MVP candidate all night long.  An NBA volume shooter is one of the most terrible things in sports to have.  Just look at Melo and the Knicks.  Hayward made Durant look like Melo, no Ellis, no Marbury all night long.  Amazing.
Tyler Anwar::shawn, volume shooters aren't bad to have when they shoot 50 % for the year and are the only player showing an ability to score withoit Westbrook, Hayward had a great game props to him but don't diss KD like that.
Marcus Grein::KD channeling his inner Iverson, 14-34
Alfonso Corral::come on kendrick perkins took 7 shots today that should never happen
Tanya Rivera::If utah can hold durant to under 50 points  I think they have a good shot
Sloto Mania::48 good call haha
Steve Blesson::Great call!! :-)
Sloto Mania::Hayward 37, 11 and 7
Jacob Call::And on 13 of 16 shooting.  Unreal game.
Sloto Mania::Yeah it was
Matt Hinshaw::Meanwhile, Gordon Hayward outplays Durant and ESPN doesn't want to talk about that.
David Irvin::14-34
Mickey Hughes::What's the problem?  --Kobe
Lavender West::As a Spurs fan I am obligated to root against the Thunder but people blaming Durant for this are just plain stupid.  His 41% shooting actually brought the team percentage up, everyone else was that bad.
Toddy McGann::haha then he did something wrong, Lebron did it in Cleveland, with the same type of talent. Shooting that poorly hurts your team no matter what.
Shawn Bento::don't bother using logic or reasoning when the average IQ of posters on these boards is in the single digits
Adam Youman::Toddy McGann not when you get to the ft line 20 times. 20 easy points
Mike Hermansen::14 for 34... that's almost double the percentage that Kobe throws up on any given night :D
Reginald Corrington::Did you even watch the game? Goodness KD had no choice. Its silly to compare KD and Kobe. KD is so far from a ball hog, he plays with Russell Westbrook (who is awesome) but Westbrook takes more shots and Durant could care less. Reading a stat line after KD is shooting 50 on the season is silly. He shot 50 40 90 last season and is closing to repeating.... NOOOBS I tell you
Steve Blesson::lool get off Kobe's back guyz looool
Shawn K Frazier::To Steve... get off Kobe's back?  Lakers can't even figure that out.  Kobe's not playing, but they are still trying to put the team on his back!  Get real.
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::thunder will never win a championship
Ayn Bland::How insightful of you..  Did you base that on half a game with the Thunder short two of their top three players?
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::Ayn Bland no i based it on no harden no bench and the choke job against memphis last season and a lost to miami heat. aslong as heat have their big 3. thunder will never win a championship. nuff said
Adam Youman::Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel lol choke job to memphis? they had no russell westbrook stupid. and they dont need harden reggie jackson coming off the bench was much more efficient in less minutes. you are kinda stupid
Nathan Shane Long::Kevin Durant scoring 48 points is not impressive to me considering the fact that with Westbrook hurt the Thunder is now in DI*KRIDE DURANT MODE and he is going to take virtually all the shots and get to the foul line anytime he wants based on being a "SUPERSTAR" and yet his team lost to the worst team in the west the Utah Jazz and Hayward outplayed him
Rai Lara Costa::sure, he should pass more to PERKINS wtf
Shawn K Frazier::This is the biggest story in the NBA tonite.  Espn is garbage for leaving Durant is MVP on their NBA home page, as Gordon Hayward outplayed him all night long.  Report what is happening.  Fools.  I am a GSW fan...   Utah Jazz  hate Golden State Warriors as it should be.  Still I have to say Espn really messed up tonite.
David Williams::he's no mvp not even on his own team westbrook is
Brandon Tigues::hayward clutch in the 4th quarter for the jazz..the refs clutch for the thunder in the 4th quarter, all 11 of durants points came from the ft line..lmao
Mickey Hughes::KFTD
David Williams::Durant does not make his teammates better all he wants to do is score
Jacob Call::Could not agree more.
Bryan Roach::Yep a SF averaging 5 assists a game is obviously only out to score. The idiots in this section are getting worse.
Quenten Oldenburg::Bryan Roach wow... a whole whopping 5 compared to 30+ FGA
Alejandro Naranjo::Thunder should get Asik and get rid of Perkins. That would make them a complete package
Adam Youman::who would they offer the rockets tho
Adam Youman::and how would they afford him
Al Schwartz::Fisher for Asik....and probably throw in Harden !! Fish does have 5 Championship rings !!!!
Treyvon Carter::the refs are going to get okc back into this game
Ayn Bland::Seems like OKC is getting whistled every bit as much as Utah.  Are you actually watching the game?
Treyvon Carter::Ayn Bland yea i am
Ayn Bland::So you're just an idiot?
Ben Hall::Durant - MVP for free throws ONLY
Ismayda Luis::17-19....  nobody can't touch Durant
Chris Tiger::28-7 go thunder
Nick Drakely::This is what happens when you cant trust your teammates...you go carmelo anthony...that's what durant did tonight. Don't look at the pts he scored, look at the what he did from the field ... 14-34. Basketball is a team game and about chemistry. Obviously they arent the same w/out Westbrook.
William Cooper::What do you do when your teammates aren't getting shots in? Lamb went 4-14, there was no Serge Ibaka, no Westbrook, Fisher was 1-6 on 5 shots from 3, and KD still managed to get 5 assists.
Brandon Tigues::he doesn't make his teammates better..thunder should've won this game, it doesn't matter if they're missing ibaka and westbrook this is one of the worse teams in the league, and him scoring a ton of points isn't going to work..some players have the ability to make their teammates better and some don't.
Reginald Corrington::Wow you didn't watch the game I bet. You glanced at the stat line and then made an "indepth" opinion. Durant was like 7 for 12 with 22 points in the first half and where down by 10 to 15. He had no choice, its an 82 game season he the Bulls at there best still lost in the regular season and in the playoffs. This is before all star break and were still tied for first.....
Gabriel Mihdawi::If Kobe had a stat line that Durant just did, while losing to the Jazz, Kobe would be getting killed in the media right now. 14-34?
Jonathan Stokes::I think the Jazz forgot what the plan is this season. At least lose the games that you're expected to lose. Frick!
John Berry::Every Jazz win is driving me crazy....Jabari is slipping away......
Alex Webb::The worst part of BYU fans is they make the rest of us Jazz fans look like idiots.
Jacob Call::Alex Webb I really do not understand your comment?  Are you saying it would be better if the Jazz play decent, miss the playoffs, and get like the 10th pick?  I would definitely choose losing over winning if it meant we would get a star player in the draft.
Jamie Brentwood::Alex Webb Why bring in your emotional hate for BYU into a Jazz conversation by trashing another Jazz fan because it shows they go to BYU? Get real dude.
Lawrence Farod Young::Shut em down Thunder !!
Patrick Allen::Only problem I saw tonight was a coaching problem, Too many guards on the floor so its a shooting game, why not give Stephen Adams the chance to have 25 minutes that game, or 30mins, but Brooks seem to do this a lot go small and lose. NO such thing as going small with OKC if Westbrook is not on the court.
