Tl2ISTAN::Great win by my squad, especially without ZBo. But, this really shows how lacking we are in paint scoring when we are missing Zach. Bayless can hopefully get back to his scoring ways, and I hope we find more minutes for Daye.  The future is bright. We have Wroten to take over for the GrindFather in a lil while, Daye for Prince, Davis for Zbo.
Kobelies247::20 11 11 = win!  Have a nice day
A Drunk Monk::Grizzly fans, would you prefer a 2nd round match with SAS or OKC?
Tl2ISTAN::Spurs.
jpmemphis23::Spurs
riodejeremy::Spurs. Best matchup for Grizz
Go_Sounders::Oklahoma “We’re more overrated than overrated itself” City
slapshotcity123::Spurs, definitely.
Grindhouse2413::Tough game. Good game Portland. Great win Memphis. Yet another come from behind win on some third quarter heroics. Can we just come out hot and make some shots in the beginning of the game? Geez. Lots Chicken Nugget fans disappointed we didnt lose. We let them score 50 in the first half. So not like us. Second half? Only 35. Now thats Memphis basketball baby!! Get better Zbo and DA. Pittman needs lots of work. I havent given up on Leuer yet though. CLE, you ready for us??
Grindhouse2413::what a completely idioctic thing to type. so do the wins mean less if they come against struggling teams? do we only get a half credit? a win is a win, loser
JSatty03::Thats a pretty good win...who do you play next?...ohhh the cavs...then who....ohhh the hornets....wow its pretty easy to see why you sit where you sit in the line right now...nice win against the magic by the way bahahahaaaa
Tl2ISTAN::Eat $@%! Kobelies247, as a 4 seed we're looking at playing Golden State, pretty sure we can beat that team..
AKsparky907::I have been doing a lot of cussing in the first half of home games and a lot of cheering in the second. Bayless finally found his stroke again and went off. I like that he isn't afraid to take the open look when he is feeling it. I thought prince's off night was gonna cost us the game but the one he did hit at the end was huge.
BaySports 1.1::Yeah, he does this every game.  Kinda sad.
slapshotcity123::^^^ I come back hours later and your pathetic $@% is still here. Except you've started trolling Memphis instead of Portland.   I really feel bad for you.
Kobelies247::Too bad you guys will be a 1 and done in the playoffs....
Kirk-ls-My-Hinrich::You were supposed to lose Memphis.  Lame.
boilermaker52::not with the grizzlies missing randolph and author.
obamaagainin2012::Grit and Grind Later
Manimal__35::damnit portland, way to blow it
Soul_Sonic_Force_2::Great game Enjoyed it Memphis..........
Serg Abaka Aint Bout Dis Life::i love lamarcus aldridge and hes a great player and a humble/really cool guy but damn that nig.ga needs to grow some nuts during crunch time...
emthomasjr::Good win Grizzlies.  Way to grind one out.
Dave Knows Best::Memphis quietly has turned into a juggernaut. Has ESPN noticed?
Tl2ISTAN::Small market teams dont get recognition, the Lakers got more coverage during their 3 game winning streak than we did during our 12 game winning streak
tacostealer26::nope and never will, it's kind of nice sneaking up on teams.
Soul_Sonic_Force_2::can you dig it....
colosportsman::Blazers got us Nuggets fans all exited for nothing..Can't hold a lead.
sk0dawgs::you obviously aren't aware of our "rise with us" era. talk about excited for nothing
Scott50559::For a few months now I have been using this system called Sportsbettingstar to help pick winning bets. In only 60 days I have managed to double my bankroll by following this system. You can find this system on the front page of google by searching for Sports Betting Systems. If you bet on sports at all you gotta check this system out.
Kobelies247::This team makes me sick.... Im out
BaySports 1.1::Were you raped by Terry Porter as a child or something?
Kobelies247::Another Blazer loss! Gratz FANS!!!!
Kobelies247::What part of this name says im a Laker fan?  TOOO funny
slapshotcity123::Why are you here then? Is your life that pathetic?
Kobelies247::God you ppl are weird...
Kobelies247::I was last game! You dont remember?
sk0dawgs::you wouldn't be here if they won. clearly you enjoy this
Kobelies247::Cause i wanted to see Portland win
sk0dawgs::you're a clipper fan in portland. how is that any better?
ShadowH2::Kobe lies
PrinceoDarknesss::Great Game Blazers. Now can you do us all a favor, and shut up the Lakers and retake the 9 seed?  Thanks, The rest of the NBA
Tl2ISTAN::We can all pray
SMANGANG::lmaooooooooo blazers have no chanceeeeeee
Kobelies247::No team in the NBA fears Portland! Even when down 17 points... LOSERS
slapshotcity123::Lakers fans know their season is lost hope, even if they make the 8 seed, so they troll other teams.
Kobelies247::Are you ppl stupid?
ShadowH2::.500 with Dwight Howard, Kobe Bryant, and Steve Nash? LOSERS
ShadowH2::Only with a massive amount of help from the refs. Oh wait, they get that every game.
Kobelies247::Lakers are playing HORRABAD but could still beat the Blazers by 30!  LOSERS
Kobelies247::I could care less what the Lakers do!
portland1975::Aldridge will never be clutch, never!
wec123ker::Bayless&gt;Lillard
PrinceoDarknesss::Agreed he has plenty of time to improve. And when he does, look out. He's Portland's future. And that future (with guys like Batum, Aldridge, and Hickson) is pretty bright
eazyt_971::well memphis does have hollinger working for them now....the same guy who said lillard was a horrible draft pick and would never amount to anything in the league...i guess their  fans are now buying into hollinger as well.
ShadowH2::Damian is a rookie and most of them struggle on D, he still has plenty of time to improve.
PrinceoDarknesss::Lillard is really really good. ROY no doubt. The only category where I put Bayless over Lillard, is defensive tenacity. Lillard is a great player. JB, though he had a really good night, is at best a really good player. Lillard at his best, is really great. There is the difference
ShadowH2::LOL
PrinceoDarknesss::Ball-handling? No.  Tenacity, hell yes!
BaySports 1.1::Good for you dude.
BaySports 1.1::Cool, at San Antonio next.  That ought to be fun.
Kobelies247::God this team is sad when it counts....
BaySports 1.1::You are just sad always.
Kobelies247::Sry but this team is a freaking joke
rc021363::Good game, Blazer fans.  Grit N Grind Grizzlies!!
doof54::Like Phil Jackson says:  Good teams get to 40 wins before they get to 20 losses.
ShadowH2::This is just sad, the "All-star" scores 10 points while missing clutch shots and generally everything on the night. Team needed you LA, and you basically just wiped us out of playoff contention, great job...
portland1975::Aldridge has never been clutch and i do not think he ever will. Aldridge is an All Star role player!
ShadowH2::I know he had an off night, but it's the fact that he missed more clutch shots, free throws, and only scored 10 in the game where the Blazers NEEDED it, if they win this, they are 2 under and still have a chance, now they don't.
ShadowH2::I know that, but it's frustrating when the guy that is supposedly your best player plays his worst when the team needs him the most.
sk0dawgs::i just cant imagine they would make the playoffs anyway. and if they did they dont have the depth. this year was a rebuilding year from the start, they just played better than anyone expected.
sk0dawgs::you're kidding right.... chill out this season is over. he's our best player and he had an off night. what about batum? wes? all of the starters need to play well for us to win games
BaySports 1.1::Yeah that was an epic failure.
Kobelies247::Even the Lakers won tonight LOL  Portland fail Blazers strike again!
sk0dawgs::season series with  memphis is tied.......
sk0dawgs::those games are more fun anyway
sk0dawgs::i'll be watchin the TIMBERS
Kobelies247::Wont matter if you dont make the playoffs lol
ShadowH2::Trolling the 4 under Blazers? Wow, you're a pro.
Kobelies247::No zach tonight? Ya i am!
sejohnsonMEM::Grind for number 3! Grizz nation!
sweet_lew09::lets go bucks!
slapshotcity123::Blazers are a young team who's gonna be scary when they draft some decent bench players.
Kobelies247::Wes is TRASH!!!
BaySports 1.1::He certainly was today.
sk0dawgs::today, and lately for that matter. love the guy tho
BaySports 1.1::Stotts can't just empty the bench like that.  We aren't playing Minnesota and Charlotte at home anymore.  Bad coaching.  Need a rotation, not a complete bench dump.
GoDucks20089::Aldridge held to 10 points = reason why Portland lost.
sweet_lew09::also missing crucial free throws
slapshotcity123::Now we just gotta hope for a Clippers loss.
gotigersmemphis87::No we just gotta watch the Grizz keep winning. Doesnt matter what anyone else does
AKsparky907::Well obviously the clippers will have to lose a few games here and there for us to take their spot.
AKsparky907::Go bucks!
MEMPHIS GRIZZZ::Where all the blazers saying no chance for us to win tonight.
sejohnsonMEM::lmao @ak
sk0dawgs::this blazer fan wants us to tank. have fun talkin $@%! though
AKsparky907::That must suck.
eazyt_971::did portland tank it? seems like they could have easily won. they need to finish behind dallas in standings to keep their 1st round pick.
BaySports 1.1::We are now totally and completely without playoff hope.  Epic fail Portland.  :(
gotigersmemphis87::Best part is Grizz still did this without out Z-Bo or DA
Everyday im Shufflin 290::GG Blazers fans
tmoneyinmphs::Wait, does this mean no dumb mf'er are going to make posts about the grizz needing rudy gay?  I saw some on here earlier when the grizz were down 14.
BaySports 1.1::10 points Aldridge?  Really dude?
sweet_lew09::4 more fouls called on the grizz despite the intentional fouls by the blazers at the end and also 10 more FTs and the blazers fans are really still whining about refs?
sweet_lew09::instead of blaming matthews for missing 2 free throws with around 2 mins left and aldridge for splitting a pair of FTs with around a minute left, people are blaming the refs lmao
ShadowH2::They didn't give the Blazers any calls when it mattered.
ShadowH2::LaMarcus Aldridge, 2-13, 10 points. You're 6'11'', at least get some $@%!$@%!$@%!$ rebounds. God, @%!$ you LA, way to show up when your team needed you.
tmoneyinmphs::u mad?
tmoneyinmphs::u mad?
Ez Roc::YALL HAD A CHANCE TO GET US WTHOUT ZBO,,,U WNT GET ANOTHER OR ANYONE ELSE
56tricolor14::can't believe we won
roy2daboy::GRIT N MOTHERFU..CKING GRIND GRIZZ NATION!!!!!!!
AKsparky907::Another gritty comeback.
colosportsman::Leave it to the Blazers to blow a big lead. Nuggets cannot rely on help from other teams.
Quincy Miller 30::We win most of the position matchups.
slapshotcity123::Stat stuffer.   Good game, fellas.
tmoneyinmphs::Brianhau529 and ripcitybidness, you must've loved your team shooting so many more free throws and still blowing the lead and the win.  All i can say is suk it biaatches.    Go grizz.
EricStratton_RushChair::dammit blazers...
AKsparky907::Griiiiiizz!!!!!! Haha!!! How do they keep pulling off these comeback?
Ez Roc::GNG BABY!
