Kyle Miller::Bucks fan here, I'm glad to see Ellis playing for a coach that knows how to utilize him correctly. Him and Dirk are a dangerous combo.
Ryan Eggers::dallas off to a nice start at 8-4,hopefully Denver can send them home with a loss though.go nuggets!
Allen Crumley::Denver has a good team, and Dallas is on the back end of a back to back in thin air, but Go Mavs :)
Michael Lorenzo Lance::But if im not mistaken mavs have won both 2games of fheir b2bs
Jason Walls::I'm hoping for a high scoring fast paced entertaining shoot out tonight! Lets go MAVS!!!
Fjodor Balla::Tough back to back but I'm optimistic Mavs can pull out a win here.Go Mavs!
Aeron Uchiha::It's on the road where Mavs is 2 in 4, but right you are they can pull a win. Mavs, baby, come home with a win. Go!
Brandon Tigues::this whole game is out of sync..I'm watching it on the comp and the announcers are saying what's happening before it happens..so I have to watch it on mute lol
Jay Exiomo::it's worse in gamecast.
Kendra Falldine::Crowder has completely fallen off. Time to give Ellington more playing I think.
Keith Myers::Is this real?  Haha
Kendra Falldine::Nick commented when he was still signed into my FB -_-
Finnie Jacobs::go mavs go  win tonight god blessed
Sina Soheili::Denver made a few more plays, that Foye 3 really hurt so credit goes out to Denver. Hopefully Dallas will make a few more plays & win on Monday. Hopefully this is not similar to the 07-08 season where we dominate at home & suck on the road. Gotta stop the road losing habits before they get worse!!!
Ben Tosky::MAvs got a potential superstar in larkin, hope he doesnt get stuck behind Calderon too long.  Mavs should pay their dues and get that kid up to speed
John Osaki Jr.::Mavs fans, check out the great Dirk Nowitzki in the 2013 book NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of a All-Time on Amazon.com
Aeron Uchiha::Thanks for the tip, pp 2-3. Dirk - one of the Bests - it's undeniable.
Aeron Uchiha::lost by 2 points, not bad but they must improve on the road. Nice game though. See you Nuggets on Monday at home.Congrats to you.
Nicholas Duke Falldine::That final play was garbage. Rick would have called a timeout to get a real shot.
Sina Soheili::I'm surprised we didn't call a TO with 7 seconds left!!!
Kendra Falldine::Sina Soheili yeah me too man. That last play with carter throwing an off balanced pass to dirk for a off balanced fadeaway 22 footer was pretty lame.
Aeron Uchiha::Mavs lost to Nuggets, I now hope Paquiao wins.
Dan Walters::Lets go Nuggets.  Would be a nice win
Brandon Tigues::espn is lagging
Isaac Gonzales::Let's go Mavs!!
