elitetrader20::<b>Lin had the best +/- in this game</b>
FredPE1965::If Jrue Holiday had his normal 19 points/game it would have been a different outcome. But he had to go off on the Rockets with 30 points and 9 assists and Lin had no response. Did not know about him, looks like Holiday is way underrated. Lin needs to play better but those couple of back-to-back games don’t help. He did played ok, only 1 turnover. Next year I’m looking forward to see Holiday vs. Lin.   I’m hoping Rockets will pull a miracle win on the Clippers on Tuesday.
Skatingseveneleven::who's holiday?
yorke44::u jus now heard of hoilday???? where have u been?
The_Black_Haired_Beard::I like how Lin is not trying to force his will on this team with HArden playing with him.   That way, Lin can focus on helping his overall game and thus his team (think: assists to Greg emith etc) and the full potential of the team can come to a head quicker then if Lin was to try Linsanity and therefore hurt Harden's contrinutions, chemistry and overall team role...get it?  Lin is playing "for role" right now versus for "individual merits" like what MElo does in New York..Melo plays for himself to the detriment of the team..
The_Black_Haired_Beard::Rockets are a FIRST YEAR young team so as such, you have to give them 5 out of 5 stars or a perfect 4.0 GPA so far!!  A FIRST YEAR YOUNG TEAM IN THE PLAYOFFS!! BEFORFE THE ALL-STAR BREAK?!?!?!  UNPARALLED!!  What's NEXT:??  Full Linsanity after the All-Star  Break?!!?
The_Black_Haired_Beard::you dont even know how they will do after the all star break, let  alone in the playoffs..different mindset and growth end point.  A Young team is constantly growing and evolving so you have to measure these Rockets puppies in smaller increments then a normal team..so right now, it's "before the all-star break" and for that, ROckets are doing over the top in terms of where they need to be FOR A YOUNG TEAM!
wilhenderso 6::To be fair Lin was a +8 on the floor meaning even if he shot crap his defense and passing kept the game one sided on Houston.
Dawan208::Coach benched him in the middle of the 1st quarter from then on he iced him and he lost his confidence.  He didn't even have a turnover!   While he was benched the rockets lost the lead and the game was never the same after that.
The_Black_Haired_Beard::far cry from linsanity but passing grade for sure with Rockets
The_Black_Haired_Beard::I think this rox team with continue their rise into the upper tier teams but I like their playoff echelon already!
The_Black_Haired_Beard::Ever had or seen a new littler of pups or kittens before?   That is the Houston Rockets:  1.  Every game is a growth spurt 2. Every win is a growth spurt 3. Every loss is a growth spurt  Rockets just fortunate to get early wins fora young team.  They might mess around and make the playoffs..But this team his gelled quick and that is a guarantee.  What happens now until before and after the allstar game is what is important..  Can they grow exponentially versus what is above?
Pavel0636::houston would be the first team in playoff been eliminated
DustinKennedy669::Lol at rockets fans talking smack to C's fans the other night. U CAN'T EVEN BEAT PHILLY. U SUCK
DeviantU::Houston, we have a problem! Overpaid point guard needs to come off the bench....
TheTruthDontLie7::what happen Lin this Lin that he not makin a fastbreak shot 2nite i dont like. He need start makin fastbreak shot (also) 3s plus teammate dont like Lin coach hate Lin they like jealous about him they dont want him become famous not Lin fault
fred3857::Look at Harden's asst and t.o. that imply Rox always lose when they play Harden's PG system.
rhm4jc::Are you six (6) years old?  If not, stop posting like you are.
TheTruthDontLie7::dont be jealous cuz of Lin
CandySparker::;)
woodylamb::1 turn over? Pls correct me.
woodylamb::Lin had no turn overs in the last two games. This is not right. Coaches were trying something not productive. If Lin is curtailed not having a free hand. You loose dimensions and easily defended and handled by experienced teams. Coaching problems.
JSCPDX::you can't win games when harden has to score 35+ every single night. lack of depth and inside presence is starting to show at this point.
Streak4MoreCash::So Harden should score less... how a steals assist and rebounds. Would you like him to curtail those too?   And what do you think about other players that aren't showing up consistently?
Mumu8833::I think you missed the point of the post.  He's saying Harden has to do it all and is not getting enough help from the other players...
TomNishikawa::Harden one dimensional offense is starting to go our of gas.
fred3857::But Lin's +/- is +8 that shown ball pass make team easily offense and defense.
elguapo195::Dude, stop being delusional.  I like Lin, but 2-13 is crap s h i t.
johnyu2011::The rox looks tired tonight but they were fighting hard though.
mpdalry1::I though that was the excuse for the Hornets loss.  Can't tired every game
johnyu2011::It starting to show the lack of inside presence through out the recent games.  When the running game is not working,  you can throw the ball inside and ask the big guy to get you some points.  Just like the showtime lakers in 80s,  they can throw the ball to kareem for a skyhook in half court set when fast break is not going.
Dawan208::Have to admit, Lin steals are very impressive.  Now if he could just shoot!
elguapo195::Are you serious?  2-13 man...  I don't f u c k in g care about steals if you go 2-13.
Mumu8833::He's like a less talented Iverson on defense.  Gives up position for a few steals, but gets murdered usually
cfylong::Lin haters having an erection tonight.  And , no one except the Internet to share their erection with.
Greg Oden PayDay Loan Spokesmen::Yes "haters" you people are the sad ones. You are the reason people even troll Lin. You guys exaggerate his skill set and try to call him an allstar when he obviously isn't even close to that. I won't be ignorant and say he never will be one but for right now. No. He isn't an allstar. New York had a team full of players ready to run and gun and Lin is a passer. That's all. Sick of you guys blaming Douglas, Harden, and any other Rockets player when Lin has a bad game. Harden lets Lin do him and he still makes bad plays or just passes it back to Harden. You can sulk and try to blame the coach and players all you want but the truth is great point guards don't need a system to be effective they can adapt and still put up the same numbers as before. Look at Deron Williams struggle in the Nets. He's a system player and without the system he can't put up 19/10 like in Utah...
2fatn2old::greg oden payday will approve who can be an All-star. lol!!!  Right, he also got double erection tonight!!!
cfylong::got double erection tonight, sounds like.  Share it with yo mama in yo basement room.
LAUGHING AT YOU::anybody who talks about Lin is Knicks fan?
Dawan208::Knicks are playing really good now.   Huh???
LAUGHING AT YOU::damn bro lol nail it
Denzel7587::Why don't the Rockets revert to the formula that have made them dominant against such teams as Knicks, Grizzlies, Bulls, Sixers, etc: make Lin the $@%!$@% PG and floor general.
DeviantU::Because he isn't good enough. Very simple.
Denzel7587::The preseason Rockets (without Harden) are more competitive than the present Rockets. They play blue-collar basketball and there was much team basketball going on. Kevin Martin and Chandler Parsons were more productive while Lin played more as the team's PG and floor general. Scoring stars like Harden, Kobe, and Carmelo Anthony are overrated. They don't win more games, just spikes in the personal stats of the stars. I like Lin more than Harden because Lin represents team basketball that is more fun and exciting to watch than the old star-oriented kind of plays.
Mumu8833::This Sixers only lost one game in the preseason and look at them now.  Preseason means jack $@%!, Harden is the biggest part of your team
ganggreengaingreen_oww::these two right here, they know nothing of basketball.
Mumu8833::Man stop being so proud of your ged.  A lot of us actually went to classes to get our diplomas back in the day (AP classes btw)
elguapo195::Did you even get a ged?  Accidental glances at your comments make me nauseous and want to puke.  For  F u c ks sake, go study or something.
timetodienow1234567::Harden does need to share more.I think the rule should be, the offense runs through Lin unless Harden gets the ball with 10 or less seconds on the shot clock and then he can ISO when he wants. Win/Win for the whole team.
timetodienow1234567::What do you guys think about getting David West for the Rockets? Would be an upgrade over what the Rockets have right now, plus he's an expiring contract. We could give them Delfino for use as a backup SF and one of our PF prospects. This would be good, especially if the Pacers end up trading Granger for a quality PF.
ret12364::one of the wierdest days in the NBA: Clips lose to MAgic, Grizz get blown out by mavs, Wizards beat Hawks, Suns beat Bulls
ynot1825::The weak east have feasted on the west the last couple of weeks...
The_Black_Haired_Beard::lets not get carried away with this.  Jrue holiday plays like an allstar tonight and lin gets bashed..lin is a very good pg with a lot of upside..advantage: Lin
Mumu8833::Lin is an average starting PG.  If you can't think of at least 14 PGs who are better or the same as Lin, you are racist
elguapo195::I probably can, but I'd still be racist.
JonathanGeorgeRD::Holiday is 22 and a much better shooter, Lin is 24.  I would take Holiday over Lin anyday of the week.
Dawan208::He just needs to get confidence.
timetodienow1234567::Jrue Holiday has had the better season this year and is playing great, but I don't see a high ceiling for him. He's not a CP3 type of player, but neither is Lin.
elguapo195::Dude, are you crazy?  Jrue is avg some bad a s s numbers this year.  He is underrated for sure.
timetodienow1234567::I'm not, but Holiday is the better player at this point in their careers.
The_Black_Haired_Beard::doesnt have to be Cp3 to make all star team and Jrue holiday played like an allstar tonight..cant bash lin for that.
ynot1825::you guys got raped your last two games...what up side?
elguapo195::Two games?  f u c k that.  try four games.
timetodienow1234567::Lin got a lot of attention last year because A) He was leading a horrible Knicks team to relevance without Melo, and B) He's Asian in a sport dominated by African Americans. There is nowhere near the sensation now, but there is just as much, if not more hate for him.
timetodienow1234567::I think the Rockets have 4 key pieces to build around for the future in Harden/Asik/Lin/Parsons. This, of course, is contingent on all of them getting better. The only real weakness is the PF position and we have some young talent but I don't know if any of them are good or bad because they don't all play.
The_Black_Haired_Beard::morris is growing while patterson is also..too early to kick them off the team but patterson needs to step up or he could be traded..morey is a shark about this..
timetodienow1234567::I want to see what Terrence Jones has to offer.
Denzel7587::Three successive games where the Rockets are weaker in terms of rebounds, assists, steals, blocks and turnovers. Looks like the Rockets have run out of fuel.
The_Black_Haired_Beard::well it was a long road trip so yes and also they have nice record 21-17! before all star break!
The_Black_Haired_Beard::In summation, I have no complaints for Harden In summation, I have many complaints for Lin
Denzel7587::How about not playing the PG and floor general because he really sucks at it. Review the Rockets struggles and losses: there is one common factor: Harden usurping the PG role. Look at the games where the Rockets dominated: Lin playing the real PG. The way Harden is disrespecting Lin's role in the team, he thinks he can carry the Rockets alone.  Lin can't do it but Harden can't also do it. It should be Harden + Lin. No other way to make the Rockets competitive. Wait, there is another way: fire the coaching staff.
Mumu8833::Ummm, the Timberwolves were 4-15 when he took over.  Then they went 10-4 after he took over.  Jefferson and Brewer got injured and he ended the season 10-39 without his 2 best players.  How about you stop being stupid and look past the numbers to the actual game.  Win % doesn't always mean that much for coaches.  Also, I have a degree in actuarial science and am about to have my ASA... so suck it :D
elguapo195::His history as a coach sucks.  Coaching and playing are two different things, but you would need at least a ged to understand that.  Go back to school.
Mumu8833::Yea, that Kevin Mchale knows nothing about basketball......
timetodienow1234567::Harden has some issues as well. He doesn't play much, if any defense. He turns the ball over way too much. However, he is better than Lin, so he gets a pass? I hope the coaches don't think that way, otherwise he won't grow.
lyang912::I have a complaint for Harden, less TOs and play some defense, even Rockets announcer say he's got to move his feet defending.
Mumu8833::Lin got taken to school on the defensive end.  His plus minus tonight is pure luck
The_Black_Haired_Beard::but Lin was getting TOs and was not scoring also..or score minimum
timetodienow1234567::The All-NBA teams at the end are more important than the All-star game. The list will be PG = CP3 SG = Kobe (maybe Harden if the Rockets get a top 3 seed and the Lakers miss the playoffs) SF = LBJ PF = Duncan(unless the Knicks get a top 3 seed, then Melo will be here). C = Howard
Sh4k4zulu::First of all lbj has been shifted to pf this season Duncan started as a pf when he played alongside David Robinson but lately he's been center  For all nba I'd go with cp3 and Kobe as back court but durant for small forward and lbj as pf - Dwight Howard of course for center
bwc2000::geez.. lin must be someone of importance because once he has a bad game..ALL HATER COMES UP FROM THEIR CLOSETS.  Only important people has people paying attention to him.
The_Black_Haired_Beard::english murdered
Dawan208::Ain't that the truth.  He's like Kobe .  Not with talent but popularity!!
The_Black_Haired_Beard::hank wrote a book on a game board..hehe
The_Black_Haired_Beard::makes sense
Stanley5826::His comment on the AS is the truth. FACT if I may use the word
Hank10593::Here we go again, every night there is some trolls complaining about Lin being voted to be in the All Star. Let me explain to you guys one more time.  All Star is an exhibition match FOR THE FANS, therefore THE FANS have the rights to vote who they want to see in the game. If the game is designed for getting the best players together to play a intense game, then the coaches would be voting for it. It's not even a real match anyway, both teams do not play defense until the very end of the 4th qt and the winner of the game gets NOTHING other than some more exposure.  NBA is a business kids, grow up and use your brains to think about it. The league needs to engage the fans so they can sell their products and generate revenues. Just like everyone who voted for Lin, you have the exact same rights to vote for who you want to see in the All Star game, so stop b.itching about it. Seriously, grow up and get to know the real world.
PhillyPhanInSoCal::If that's the case, then Spencer Hawes should definitely be voted in.
Hank10593::If the fans want to see him, then yes. Get his fans to vote for him then.
soliuz2k::jeremy lin reason they lose
lyang912::He has the best +/- for starters at +8, when he's on the floor, they are not losing.
Mumu8833::This is not to say that he is a bad player, he isn't.  He is an average starting pg.  Also, plus minus sometimes is a viable stat, just not in this case
Mumu8833::They took him out in the 1st quarter while the Sixers were missing every shot on offense and Jrue had 9 of the teams 11 points (Lin was guarding Jrue).    So he left the game after not really contributing, but because the Sixers were playing awful and missing open shots, he has a large plus from the big lead.  The Sixers started hitting the open shots they were already getting while he was benched.  He really was a non-factor in the game.  His defense was god awful too
elguapo195::f u c k, do you even know the basis for +/-?  If he's plus 8 while they are playing, it means the team was gaining on points with him on the floor.  He played a good amount of minutes today so a fluke it probably wasn't.  However, it does not mean that he did not shoot the ball like horse s h i t.
Mumu8833::You obviously either don't understand the game of basketball or didn't watch the game.  His plus minus tonight was luck.  He didn't do anything offensively and the Sixer guards always go the shots they wanted when he guarded them...
The_Black_Haired_Beard::he helps but he will get it right..he's a Harvard kid and Mensa member..haha NBA should be worried..
yorke44::could u imagine what the all-star game would look like if there were a few more asians in the NBA? what a pathetic joke asians stop ballot-stuffing Lin and we will stop talkin about him
Dawan208::Keep talking.
The_Black_Haired_Beard::dumb crusade..why are you involved with this..let it go...idiot
The_Black_Haired_Beard::dude make your money and pimp the rockets!  -Daryl Morey
timetodienow1234567::Obviously Lin needs to get better, but he is still basically a sophomore. In college, he played against Ivy League teams. He hasn't been getting significant minutes until a few games last year and all this year. If he doesn't make a huge jump next year, then it's time to worry. All of the hate is illogical to me.
The_Black_Haired_Beard::not illogial when you had linsanity but with harden, too early and too soon
Dawan208::I agree.  It's cuz he's Asian for all the hate.
timetodienow1234567::I guess it isn't illogical when you consider race a factor. Many people are angry when a non-African American excels at basetball. Look at all the hate Nash got (many said Kobe deserved those MVPs), Dirk, Manu, and now Lin.
timetodienow1234567::Bigger Travesty?  Jeremy Lin making the all-star game? or Blake Griffin starting over Tim Duncan?
The_Black_Haired_Beard::dude make your money and pimp the rockets!  -Daryl Morey
timetodienow1234567::Seriously????????????? Duncan &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Griffin.
The_Black_Haired_Beard::dude, give lin atleast half of 1 season before you judge him and forget the all star game, meaningless
BXwarriorBX::lin by far
yorke44::atleast griffin deserves to be there
Hank10593::Horrible game by Lin. Other than showing good energies on the defensive end of the floor, he is pretty much handcuffed by the 76ers defense. To be fair, some of the shots he took could have been fouls, but overall he looks slower tonight running the floor. Credit to the 76ers for playing great defense all night long, but Lin gotta adjust and overcome that. Harden is very solid tonight on the offense, but he needs to do a much better job defending man. He has got the talent to be a top5 if not a top10 if he improves his defense. Other than couple one-on-one possessions he was defending well, the entire game he was not getting back to his man and not rotating at all. Few times I found him standing in the paint and then try to close out on the perimeter shooter way too late. This Rockets is still young, they got a lot to learn.
fred3857::Harden is something like Melo that they just need the data bcs defense has a little effect with it. Also more defense often makes less energy to offense and that's for sure. Lin always plays team game,but most of selfish people play his game only.
robertjasoncross::Because he doesn't have any offense to put energy into.
lyang912::Lin plays much harden defense than Harden, every single game. Maybe Harden is just saving his energy for offense, while JLin will give full effort on defense, even if it means he doesn't have as much energy for offense.
The_Black_Haired_Beard::well then Harden needs to get less turnovers if he is not playing defense!
The_Black_Haired_Beard::im getting sick of Harden's turnovers and he needs to go coast to coast more..he is not as fast running for me..
Hank10593::Harden has the ball in his hands most of the time, so naturally he turns the ball over more just like Lin last year during Linsanity. He can definitely cut down his turnovers, but I think it's definitely secondary to his defense.
imperviouz::rox have playing complacent recently. probably bec. of their standing. they are still up by 4 games above 500 and the next team is barely 500.   hopefully, they wake up soon
lyang912::Rockets need to just focus on getting better, improving on things they are lacking right now and make playoffs. West is so deep that any team in top 8 is capable of beating each other. Your record goes out the window once playoffs start, so no need to dwell on how many wins and losses you have. More important to focus on playing solid offense and defense, can't always win with offense. I'm not worried about them, season is not even half over, still plenty of games left, good news for Rockets, after January, their schedule is much easier, not nearly as many back to back games.
kiyongee::Last 10 games Jeremy Lin 12.9 pts, 5.9 assists, 4 rebounds, 2.8 steals, .450 FG% per 34 mins Lin didnt play great but good games. He is not garbage.
robertjasoncross::plus there is also the TO at 3 per game...2:1 turnover ratio...AWESOME...not a top player. A decent backup point guard at best.
robertjasoncross::Lin != Griffin
timetodienow1234567::Basketball is the #2 sport worldwide. With the fan voting, the fans want him in. Does he deserve it? No. But how is it any different than Blake Griffin starting over Tim Duncan? It's a POPULARITY contest. Get over it.
timetodienow1234567::Seriously? He's good enough to be a starting PG on a lot of teams out there.
durant.4.mvp::It's not the same as Griffin going to the All Star Game over Duncan. It's questionable if Lin should even be a starting PG.
yorke44::and asians r half the worlds pop. advantage=Lin
timetodienow1234567::He's popular because he's Asian. People hate him because he's Asian. Other people like him because he's Asian. It's popularity.
yorke44::lol its not a poularity contest with lin its a race thing...obviously
hkuze::he's still not an all star and should not be in it despite the asian votes.
The_Black_Haired_Beard::do more, do better, im not satisfied by a long shot and you should not be either!
kiyongee::yes i am not really satisfied with numbers. he will get better. I dont think Lin will play all star this year. Tomorrow is deadline but he is still 3rd in voting
The_Black_Haired_Beard::check mate! rox 21-17 !! right on track!!
BKNets123456::Linsanity
The_Black_Haired_Beard::how dumb of you to make a mountain out of a molehill
BKNets123456::well......
hkuze::that's actually what you are doing.   must be another lonely saturday night for you troll.
The_Black_Haired_Beard::you just said something that has never been said before by anyone, anywhere
BKNets123456::how original of you to sarcastically question the originality of my comment
timetodienow1234567::Jeremy Lin is getting better at not turning the ball over, but needs to work at his shot. He has been changing his form since right before the season, so he hasn't had enough practice with it to fall on a regular basis. He just needs to keep working on it and hope it starts to fall before the playoffs start. And everyone bashing him should stop. He's not an all-star but is getting better, especially with turnovers. I just can't believe how poorly Parsons played.
fred3857::Asik terrible milkfinger,Parson poor 3s,Morris and Patterson back to earth,Harden increasing turnover for holding the ball to long,Douglas poor o/d...all and all made 3 streak game lose. Lin's turnover decrease is good thing but sometime imply holding the ball less that Harden and TD makes the ball not running smoothly and that's also the main reason team score decrease sharply....win a game is a task work.
The_Black_Haired_Beard::nah screw that, DO IT NOW!!
lyang912::Lin didn't change his shot, he said himself when asked if he's trying to take more arc off his shot, he said no.
The_Black_Haired_Beard::I agree, Lin's turnovers are down..next stop: jump shot
timetodienow1234567::He shot himself in the foot by changing his shot right before the season. However, I think he can get it resolved. Hopefully before the playoffs, but if not it should be resolved by the time next season rolls around.
The_Black_Haired_Beard::actually his jump shot is not bad he just doesnt shoot enough now as well..
lyang912::Losing sucks, but they can be opportunities for you to learn about what you need to work on, and for Rockets, the defense was not there, cannot get stops, so definitely need to work on that. And Philly coming off 5 game losing streak, probably just wanted to win much more badly than Houston, and they are on home court, and not play back to back like Rockets (4th game in 5 nights). Not to excuse anything, but Rockets early Jan schedule is the worst part of the 82 game schedule, they have 4 consecutive back to back games in a span of about 2 weeks. Tough for anyone to play that kind of schedule.
The_Black_Haired_Beard::im tired of linsanity 's tepid and pedestrain scoring output
lyang912::Well, a bunch of people on that team like playing PG too much at times, he just doesn't touch the ball that much anymore. Looking at the turnovers should tell you something, Harden with 4 tonight (6 or 7 last night), and Parsons with 6 turnovers. Lin only had 1 TO tonight. They need to have the ball go through him more, don't use him as a spot up 3 pt shooter.
The_Black_Haired_Beard::VIDEO: It's not all bad news; here's video of @JHarden13's amazing behind-the-back-through-the-legs move - http://t.co/gd6djyot 39 Minutes Ago · Discuss    funk that, i dont want to see this crap!! after loss :))
m_gunners::Lin +8...wtf....Mchale is bringing the team to the doldrums!!!!
lyang912::Maybe it's also time to start Patterson, not Morris, Patterson is the better defender. Morris has not been doing well lately.
TheTruthDontLie7::Xiu Lu where u? tell them Lin bout his fastbreak shot
