Excelscior1::Marshall fighting for that new contract or team. How soon will he start bricking shots and hitting fans in the head with his passes again (after he signs his new contract or with a new team)?  It's all a mirage.
BostonCsFTW::phili fans talked so much trash when they beat us the Celtics and then they lose to Milwaukee LOL
Mumu8833::The win against the Celtics was so good because of how imbalanced the officiating was in favor of Boston.   Sixers only have themselves to blame for this one.  TOs and not being able to defend the pick and roll
JustinJames1127::didn't the Celtics lose to Milwaukee the first game of the season?
1173Julius::Too bad 4 Philly that 'Drew Bynum will be out 5 more wks. With him in the lineup they have as much talent as n e body in the league! "Big Bad Miami included". ET is way too inconsistant as a scorer. Good rebounder for a SF/SG but he hits 25 one night then will drop 7 the next. Holiday iz progressing well but needz to cut those turns in half. The deal for Bynum I feel wuz really an underrated trade because Philly only gave up Iggy who wuz shooting them out of a lot of games... Guy jumps through the ceiling, but opts to shoot jumpers all night. J-Rich looks like he'll pay strong dividends too. So look out 4 da Sixers!
reesypieces::The bucks will quietly make their way into the post season. Please, when the do, do not be shocked. This is a good team that I think a lot of people are sleeping on.   B. Jen will have a break out year.  Fear the  damn Deer.
Mumu8833::The buck stops here
OhioSTBuckeyes2587::76ers here is why you suck. You have Evan turrner coming on off the bench starts next game. Like what's the logic in that. He gets the most rebounds and points as a starter and off the bench. You guys have no clue how to use talent. Send ET to Cleveland so we can use him. What a wast of a pick if your not going to use him right. /9 points last year solid season. Your hurting his game really by starting and not starting. You deserve to lose.
packersfanfrom89::Dumbest. Post. Ever.
skuaskua::Either English is your second language, or you really did go to Ohio State.
saintsrapackofcheaters::Been betting with this system called Sportsbettingstar. I've made around 2-3K a month for a few months now since I started using this system. You can find the system on the front page of google by searching for sports betting system&gt;
pmerlihan::Solid win for the Bucks tonight.  I kind of feel lonely out here in Southern California.  Too much Lakers crap I have to listen to.  I miss the Bucks games and some Kopp's frozen custard!
milwaukeemonster2::Kopps is amazing i love their jumbo burgers...
nerd_vana506::the difference tonight were holidays 8 turnovers and of course brandon jennings going off in the second half. holiday has to find a way to cut the turnovers in half. i wouldnt be too worried tho, this team will look completely different once andrew bynum, and even kwame brown comes back. all of their centers are hurt and lavoy allen is so much more of a power forward than a center
Titans Win::Pacers, Bucks, Pistons, Bulls fans some of the best fanbases in the NBA... as a Bulls fan I actually like the fanbases in our division, very realistic and cool people. Anybody else agree Central Division has cool fans?
BostonCsFTW::top4 fanbases Celtics  Bulls Thunder Knicks
nerd_vana506::lol the central sounds pretty gay too. y dont u suck each others $@%!$@% while ur at it
nerd_vana506::lol i hate the knicks
packersfanfrom89::^Knicks fan.
ManOnFire85::I never really thought about it, but now that you mention it, you are right. The Central Division does have the more level-headed fans.
packersfanfrom89::Bucks showed signs of a good team tonight.  Withstood runs in the 1st half, and the 2nd half, and still found a way to win comfortably.
MCW is a BEAST::LOL 6ers LOL
CoreyGallagherArt::LOL, couldn't even beat a 4-2 team, Sixers suck, LOL  Get it all out.
..BrewersWin::Bucks ! (:
freebird61885::Ure purdy
packersfanfrom89::He's a dude.
AcceptThatIamACarnivore::Bucks will make the playoffs
MTNDEWWD55::they could win the division with the injuries to rose and granger.
CandySparker::Bucks to the future of Brand on Jennings!
pappydiving222::Young and soft are two words that come to mind after tonight's game.
You dont know me youre not god::lol
supe540::Bucks ex-Warriors outplayed Sixers ex-Warriors.
kiss_thee_ring::NEED BYNUM HUH. SIXERS ARE A .500 TEAM
STR8REBEL::Especially in the playoffs. Who knows if and when Bynum will come back this season?
micksdil918::How bout them eagles!
Eaglesaregreen::Still some growing pains for the 76ers. Should get better as the season goes on. Plus Bynum possibly back in January, things are only looking up from here. 1 2 3 4 5 Sixers!
jaharder88::And the Sixers chose not to re-sign Lou Williams why exactly?  They get nothing off the bench.
Eaglesaregreen::Dorrell Wright &gt; Lou Williams
sportscrazy45029::wow. dorrell wrights production was nothing tonight huh?
Milwaukee Bucks..::deerandbeer great game tonight, dont you think?
DeerandBeer91::Very good game. I wish thay didnt allow so many open 3's but other than that the team played great(except Ersan)
DeerandBeer91:::D
Milwaukee Bucks..::yea i agree fun to watch. Peace out man
Milwaukee Bucks..::cya bucks fans on wednesday.
KN_WisconsinFan::peace yo
DeerandBeer91::Peace out man
picaac15::I get so depressed after any of my teams lose.... too much emotional investment..
buckspackers23::I'm out. Good night everyone! GO BUCKS!
sportscrazy45029::yeah. folks told you to get the $@%! of the computer
KN_WisconsinFan::peace yo
Milwaukee Bucks..::pce
sportscrazy45029::bottom line. 76ers still better than bucks
Mumu8833::I'm a Sixers fan, but it doesn't matter if we're better or not.  We just lost, and that sucks.
Milwaukee Bucks..::no one is denying that
DeerandBeer91::who cares we beat you.
sportscrazy45029::you weren't on the court. who the hell is we?
Milwaukee Bucks..::i am taking my talents to Eau Claire university
ChiSoxCheeseHead::as an alumnus of UWEC, your talents are probably better served elsewhere.
dcenate004::more like mcdonalds
Milwaukee Bucks..::close. i work at dairy queen
KN_WisconsinFan::Is Arrowhead the new HS?  Or is that Indian Trail?  Or something else?
wiscsprtsfan::arrowhead is the school for the spoiled
Milwaukee Bucks..::the big $@% private school i think
buckspackers23::No. It's public. The greater population is just very wealthy.
sportscrazy45029::buckspackers23: hows the trailer park looking right now?
buckspackers23::Trailer park? Funny.
Milwaukee Bucks..::raptors-jazz  going to double ot
buckspackers23::sportscrazy45029 buckspackers youve never even been to college ---------------- Nice Edit, I'm a senior in high school, yes. But I've been accepted to Minnesota (Twin Cities), Wisconsin (Madison), Michigan State, and Iowa. Thank you very much.
sportscrazy45029::please get a life. better yet go get laid will ya
sportscrazy45029::i wrote my response first faggittt
buckspackers23::Clearly not. Your response, 4 minutes ago. KN's response 5 minutes ago. Man, you must type slow.
sportscrazy45029::LMFAO LMAO, Its "ACCEPTED" dumba$$ not "expected" lol and i go to Drexel for your info
freebird61885::I'm a PhD candidate and you guys need to lock it up. Education's got nothing to do with sports smarts. We beat the Sixers. Suck it up.
buckspackers23::Nice way to swoop in and comment after it's been pointed out. You would've never noticed.
Milwaukee Bucks..::wow nice what hs you go to
sportscrazy45029::hes probably APPLIED to those schools you idiot. high school seniors dont get accepted this early
Milwaukee Bucks..::wow arrowhead nice... i go to Franklin
buckspackers23::Arrowhead. State baby!
KN_WisconsinFan::Accepted*
KN_WisconsinFan::Fair enough :P
buckspackers23::Whoops. Heat of the moment.
Milwaukee Bucks..::anyone else surprised nick young played 24 minutes and only shot 6 times
d_bokk::i was surprised to see him in there over j rich in the 4th quarter... maybe they were limiting j rich because of the injury, idk
KN_WisconsinFan::Biggest BS in the MLB:  Harper won NL ROY
Milwaukee Bucks..::not really bs the other candidates were Miley and i forgot who the other guy was
KN_WisconsinFan::Todd Frazier who was 10x more deserving.  ALSO AOKI
dcenate004::no kidding
The Jennings 3::One last thing, Ersan looks like he's about to $@%! his pants every time he touches the ball, better get over that quickly, we need the production we're paying him for.
KN_WisconsinFan::Larry Sanders and Beno Udrih are the best damn players on the team
buckspackers23::Only 2 problems with Beno.. always turns the ball over and can't play D
Milwaukee Bucks..::dunleavy, jennings, ellis?????
KN_WisconsinFan::NOPE NOPE NOPE.  Sanders and Udrih
buckspackers23::sportscrazy45029 you= gay man sticking up for other men youve never met on internet --------------------------- Now you're calling people gay? Aren't you just a manly man.
sportscrazy45029::hows living in the trailer park?
sportscrazy45029::buckspackers youve never even been to college
buckspackers23::butthurt? You can't be any more childish. How's community college?
Milwaukee Bucks..::+5 for Marquis daniels tonight Beno had -16
Everything Wisconsin Except MU::IMO this was Beno's worse game I've ever seen for him
buckspackers23::That's because Daniels was playing at the end of the second quarter when Jennings had 11 straight points.
buckspackers23::LOL.
Milwaukee Bucks..::that was all daniels
KN_WisconsinFan::"Drew Gooden is the best mid-range shooter in the NBA"  - Aaron Rodgers
dcenate004::Ok Rodgers hater
The Jennings 3::Juwana Man
buckspackers23::Wow, I totally forgot about Drew Gooden.
The Jennings 3::Lol, I feel kinda bad for him, he's a great guy off the court.
Milwaukee Bucks..::you to busy hating on daniels lol
buckspackers23::Haha. He was the most pointless signing. I would've rather had Michael Redd! And that's saying something.
Knicks_NY::Holiday is have Linsanity-like stats. Great stats with high turnovers.
firereidcutvick::jennings&gt; jrue coming from a sixer fan... both top PGs in the east along with rondo
trasbach10::no. i just feel like jennings isn't a true point guard he's more of a shooter/scorer. i feel jrue will be better
The Jennings 3::They're about the same, I see more potential in Jennings, more consistency in Jrue.
KN_WisconsinFan::Man, what happened to Drew Gooden? Hasn't played this season
d_bokk::idk, i think gooden puts up better numbers than ersan has this year
d_bokk::ersan will be better by the end of the season, but he's flatout awful right now and killing the team's offense every time he's in there
The Jennings 3::Gooden's not better than Ersan, there's just no way.
Milwaukee Bucks..::skiles said people are practicing harder then him and playing better then him so his playing time had completely dissapeared
Milwaukee Bucks..::and thats why we didnt make the playoffs
KN_WisconsinFan::He was the offense last year
sportscrazy45029::THE JENNINGS 3=NO LIFE LOSER LIVING IN HIS MAMAS BASEMENT
sportscrazy45029::no 22 year old with his own apartment in philly going to college full time while also working two jobs
sportscrazy45029::damn right, philly gave bucks this game
buckspackers23::You = 7th grader who's balls haven't dropped. Nobody uses that insult that isn't a 13 year old.
sportscrazy45029::you= gay man sticking up for other men youve never met on internet
Milwaukee Bucks..::wow this guy is mad
LesamMurcoy::Jrue should have had this much ball responsibility last season. So this season he could have learned not to turnover the ball
buckspackers23::I must say, Larry was my favorite and most hated player on the bucks last season. This year, I've taken the hate away.
12345yeglash::who is the worst buck
marklenz24::John Brockman..he was awful
Milwaukee Bucks..::right now its probably drew gooden
buckspackers23::Marquis Daniels
Milwaukee Bucks..::why you hating
The Jennings 3::Pryzbilla
Milwaukee Bucks..::who do you think is the fan favorite on the bucks
KN_WisconsinFan::Larry Sanders
The Jennings 3::LARRY
buckspackers23::LARRY!
Milwaukee Bucks..::i really dont want to see mbah a moute get any playing time
d_bokk::he'll shut down the SFs in the league and makeup for poor defense on the wings. the team is much better with moute on the court... who needs an offensive player at the 3 when you have jennings/ellis in the backcourt
The Jennings 3::He's good though, not at jumpshots but defense and occasionally inside scoring.
always next year eagle fans::missed game...jrue had 8 turnovers?  was he throwing bad passes or dribbling into double teams
Milwaukee Bucks..::both
The Jennings 3::Jennings was picking him off a lot.
UWBadgers442::FEAR THE DEER! WISH WE COULDA PULLED THAT LAST ONE Out VS BOSTON BUT HELL YEAH BUCKS
