Michael Maiorano::I'm not sure if Bynum will play the 2nd half.  He's in a friday nite bowling league that starts at 9pm.
Scott Calihan::How many times are you going to use that joke? Are you posting it on every board??
Max Modesto::Best wishes to the cavalier fans. Let's go sixers!
George Chip Thayer::Best wishes to the sixer fans.  Let's go Cavaliers!
Jake Gibbs::Bynum should be proud of himself for putting all the cardio and weight work in to get back on an NBA floor. A lot of players would never have made it back.
Brett Reid::Cav's are the chicago cubs of the nba. you can load them up with talent, and they still wont contend.
Brett Reid::Plus it doesnt help, they rehired a coach that couldnt even deliver when they had the best player currently in the game.
Michael Maiorano::I'm not sure if Bynum will even play tonite. Doesn't he in a bowling league on friday nites?
Kenny Lawrence::Someone sounds a little butt hurt.
Deron R. Pope::I think the Cavs will be a playoff team this year, but Waiters has to go.  Teams with two young ball-dominant guys in the backcourt are not successful, and that's why those guard tandems don't last long.  If the Cavs can get either Tristan Thompson or Andrew Bynum to be a consistent low-post scorer, their offense would become more efficient.  Kyrie needs a pass-first defensive guard in the backcourt with him and scoring help from the frontcourt.  http://theresastatforthat.blogspot.com/2012/11/nba-history-says-irving-waiters-wont.html
Scott Sprague::I never thought that Waiters made much sense for the Cavs. Coming out of Syracuse, I thought he would be a late lottery pick at best and be used as a scoring guard off the bench. It shocked me and everyone when he was picked so high to start with Irving.
Michael Maiorano::Kobe handed Bynum the only 2 rings he will ever get.  He barely played in one of those seasons.  Kobe dragged lamar odom, pau gaSOFT a hurt Bynum and a 40 yr old derek Fisher to 3 straight finals and 2 straight rings.  yes that's how good kobe is.
Matt Semperboni::Kobe is one of the top 3 most valuable players in the game but the Lakers without Kobe are a hell of a lot better than the Cavs without LeBron. Just look at the 2010-11 season...Cavs literally went from first to worst. And lost like 24 straight games in the process.
Frank Lee::Are you there Wiggins? It's me, the Cavaliers.
Ryan Sems::Cavs defense looks like garbage right now.
Ryan Sems::11 point lead.  Game over.  Good night.
Adrian Rodriguez::If Bynum plays he will be booed profusely
Alan Bonness::They should boo the sixers GM. They knew it was a big risk and that he might not have been able to play. If they would have been willing to stick it out one moore year they would have been justified in the risk, but they gave up after one year and came out with egg on face.
George Chip Thayer::I don't understand why the fans would boo a guy that was hurt.   Yes there are the bowling and dancing stories, but this is not like he had the flu and was suppose to lay in bed for a year.   He was unable to play basketball.    If Bynum were to retire right now, should the Cavalier fans boo him "profusely" for not playing anymore?   I just don't get it.
Ryan Sems::George Chip Thayer  if you make "guaranteed money" and you practice layup drills all year, then you deserve the boos.  Just look at A-Roid and the rest of Major League Ba$eball.  That guy is ready to sue everyone under the sun in order to get even more guaranteed Benjamins, and you know what... the players union will be quietly right behind him on this.  It's pathetic.
Ryan Sems::Okay, so some are saying that Bennett may eventually be good enough to replace the guy that grant drafted fourth overall just a couple years ago (Thompson).   And exactly how is that considered "moving in the right direction"?  At  the very best it's a lateral move.  So, what... is Chris Grant gonna trade Thompson away for the next Omri Casspi and that's all of a sudden going to make the Cavs better than a 25 win team?  Someone care to clarify this for me?
George Chip Thayer::I don't the the Cavs drafted anyone to replace TT.
TomandJenn Stuhl::Sixers look great compared to what we all thought going into the season.  They do have two 1st rounders next year in a deep draft which will help.  I really like MCW and looking forward to seeing what Nerlens Noel can do.  I say they keep Turner at this point they have a good chemistry together right now.
Ryan Sems::Cavs currently rank 26th in points per game and 25th in assists.  Is there any reason why we should assume that these numbers will get better with the NBA's version of Romeo Crennel on the sidelines?
Matt Semperboni::How is Kwame Brown still in the NBA? At this point any team would be better off spending the money to buy hot dogs for the whole stadium than spending it on Kwame's minimum salary.
Ryan Sems::Cavs better not start falling behind by a large margin, because just like the first time Mike Brown was around... the offense will struggle mightily to catch up.
Ryan Sems::Forget about the next three years.  If the Cavs offense stays as it is and Irving leaves for free agency, then Mike Brown will be "re-fired" immediately.
Brett Reid::Cavs are just a cursed team.. no matter what talent is in their, they still can't compete for a title. This team is stacked yet look how horrible they are
Ryan Sems::Exactly.  The Cavs offense is clearly getting worse.  Kyrie Irving is being quiet on his plans for the near future... and yet the fans are excited because Bennett is getting rebounds and Bynum is getting limited playing time?
Ryan Sems::With that BIG three pointer by Bennett, he improved his PPG average from 0.7 to an even 1.0 points per game.  Not bad for only $5.3 million a year.  Great draft pick, Grant.
Ryan Hastings::His scoring is horrendous, I'll admit.  But his rebounding and rebounding rate is actually really good, top 3 for rookies.  But he was drafted to score and as of right now, he's looked very out of shape and indecisive with the basketball.  The one good quarter he had vs. Orlando in preseason, he was extremely decisive with the basketball even though he looked terribly winded.  He's still got the rest of the season to prove himself on the offensive end, but he's been doing what Mike Brown wants on the defensive end so he'll continue to see some minutes barring injury.
Ryan Sems::Ryan Hastings  He needs to.  Guys who make first overall pick type money don't should only be languishing on the bench if they're injured.
Tyler Olexa::For the Cavs, we don't need Bennett to put up 30 a game. We need him to rebound and be a presence downlow. And that's what he's doing. The scoring will come. The rebounding and defense is there already and helping us. Just his presence is important.
Ryan Sems::Oh wow.  I just realized the Cavs put up 14 points in the second quarter.  And this team is supposed to be headed in the right direction right now?
Ryan Sems::To all the homers who thought the Cavs would win more than 25 games this year, exactly what was your reason for thinking that?
Frank Lee::A belief that professional basketball players could shoot, dribble and pass with reasonable skill no matter who they are. Mistake.
A.J. Yowler::and what's your reasoning behind thinking they wont?
A.J. Yowler::you do realize they're on pace for more than that lol
Marcleen Bavogui::what are the odds that dan gilbert will crawl to beg lebron to come back im ready to bet cause im feeling sorry for kyrie
Ryan Sems::The rumor is that they're getting along and whatnot, but I highly doubt that he comes back.  Warmer weather, no income taxes and a better roster in Miami are all very difficult to walk away from.  Plus, his real money (endorsement deals) will be greater if he stays in Miami.  I hate to say it... but it's true.
Ryan Sems::Up by 14 after one quarter... down by 17 in the fourth quarter.  Sounds like a Mike Brown coached team to me.
Marcleen Bavogui::if the cavs dont make the playoffs this year.. then lebron really needs to come back
Ryan Sems::Don't tell that to the Cavs homers.  They think this team is already built for a championship run.  LOL
