Abdullah Solo Suleiman::Derozan should be an All-Star ! deserves it over a lot of the people.
Michael Cernicky::How bout the cats?
Josh Chavez::Kemba Walker!!!!!!!!
Derrick Hensley::Kemba Walker is on fire!!!
Jason Guevara::Kemba is an All Star
Brad Wellendorf::mcroberts is mr.consistant
T.c. Brown::Kemba took some hearts tonight.
Andy P Kordyban::I love the Raptors!
Jared Keller::Whoever plays the Bobcats in the playoffs will be extremely nervous. They are a tough team that nobody in the league wants to play. Okay, that was my sarcastic statement. In all seriousness the Bobcats are an inconsistent team, but I wouldn't be surprised if they made it into the playoffs with the way the East is right now. They still aren't anything exciting, but they are far better than they have been and hopefully they continue to put the pieces together and become a contender in the next few years.
Derek Mustachi::Raps have decent chemistry, depth, and competitiveness. They can easily get anywhere from a 6 to 8 seed in the east but that's not good for our long term prospects, we need to trade Lowry sooner than later to start tanking it up...
Lynwood Sinasac::the referring was very inconsistent ,also Laurie has to take less 3 pointer attempts it seems he should continue to pass the ball and set up the plays those long three pointers percentage wise you loose
Jared Keller::The refs are inconsistent every game. That's why it is hard for me to watch the NBA these days. I am a Bobcats fan, so that might have something to do with it being hard to watch a game as well! Seriously though, it is hard to watch any game with the way the officials are. I know it is hard to ref a game at such a high speed that these guys play at, but that is their job and they get paid some pretty good money for doing it.
Joshua Hsu::terrible start for the raptors. is their shooting always this bad? they aren't even getting the ball above the rim on a bunch of wide open shots.
Patrick MacKinnon::They have had shooting quarters like this before, expect them to finish above 38% by the end of the game though.
Billy McBride::It is so painfully obvious the raptors are trying to lose this game. A shame really!
Duddly Jones::0/5--------------yeah . Vasquez
Patrick MacKinnon::These teams are colder than the temperature.
Al Asifyouknow::1-11 in overtime ...raptors
Paul Marshall::The Raptors pulled a Romo tonight.
Mang Artemio::raptors can't beat a tired team...
Al Asifyouknow::What the hell Vasquez ...
Carter Waller::lets go raptors!!!!
Damien Kimura::Raptor Empire
Damien Kimura::oh well
Maggie Page::BOBCATS
Ron Kellman::bad
Damien Kimura::if Toronto wins, they jump from 8th to 4th
Damien Kimura::I mean 5th
