tjroden05::I like what the wolves did last night in the draft.  I did say that two or three times before in two decades.
KittyNationPride3.0::I want C.J. McCollum.
Tyler BarnesMNSports::GO WOLVES!
ZonaWildcats_2170::So are you guys still interested in trading D. Will?  Cause I think he should go back to Arizona, , ...  *cough*cough Phoenix Suns made some noise for him at one point?  Not even gonna lie, i haven't kept up with the NBA in a while, but any chance that its still possible?
tjroden05::Adelman hates him but no one knows for sure if Adelman is coming back
wunderrr::i just played the Mockdraft of espn and we got Oladipo, hope thats a good sign :)
5thTimeIsTheCharm::NBA champs next year, lessss gooooo! #TPups
WildRavensMN::HAHA if anyone looks at the team leaders it shows Love... considering he only played 7 games it's pathetic.. GET HIM OFF THIS TEAM
Tyler BarnesMNSports::Go Wolves!
5Twinkiesgonewild::Fucck K Love go to Wisconsin with your fat cry baby attitude.
CyclonesR1gocyclones::SPURS SUCK SPURS SUCK SO DO WE THOUGH WE SUCK A LOT WORSE BUT TIMBERWOLVES
8486Chase::Talons trail 48-20 at halftime
8486Chase::WELCOME TO THE TALONS-RATTLERS GAME CHAT
MinniWolves90::I thought Shved was going to be good, but he looked totally lost in the second half of the season. The offseason is where you can improve the most. Can't wait to see how he comes out next year.
MinniWolves90::Where y'all at, Kitty Nation?
HisNamesDouglasAndHesAnAlcoholic::Meow
Tyler BarnesMNSports::I'm right here bro!
8486Chase::Talons Rattlers chat on this board tonight at 8
MinniWolves90::<b>Please don't trade Derrick Williams. </b>
tjroden05::We can lose fifty games with him.
Kev_010::please trade k love
MinniWolves90::Why? So we can lose 50 games again next year?
ryuhern75::Tmac is back!!!!
MinniWolves90::In today's NBA market Pek is worth $11-13 million. I think that's a little too pricey for us, in my opinion. I love him, but don't want to overpay.
KittyNationPride3.0::*echo *echo
TRUUUUUUU_SPURZ::Hello
CyclonesR1gocyclones::GAY^^^^^^^^
TRUUUUUUU_SPURZ::Hello
TRUUUUUUU_SPURZ::Yo
TRUUUUUUU_SPURZ::Yo
isellshoes::Wolves desperately need a shooting guard to keep Love from straying out toward the 3 line.
MinniWolves90::McLemore, Oladipo, Noel, Hardaway, Len, Bennett, Shabazz, Porter Jr., Carter-Williams, Olynyk, McDermott, McCollum, Withey, Zeller  Who's going to have the best NBA career?  Who's going to be the biggest bust?
tjroden05::Porter and McLemore--best  McDermott and Olynk --bust
KittyNationPride3.0::MinniWolves90 - McLemore, Oladipo, Noel, Hardaway, Len, Bennett, Shabazz, Porter Jr., Carter-Williams, Olynyk, McDermott, McCollum, Withey, Zeller  Who's going to have the best NBA career?  Who's going to be the biggest bust?  Noel or Mclemore and Len
MinneapoisUptownSportsFan::Can't wait to see who we draft and who'll make up this team next season.  I question whether we should have a coaching change.
Kev_010::we need front office chance including kahn
MinniWolves90::I agree with what Jim Pete said last night. He likes what Adelman has done all year long, especially with what he's been dealt, with the exception of his refusal to play Chris Johnson.
Strike 1 yer OUT::lol spurs are going to lose against the kobe'less lakers
MinniWolves90::Wolves finished 14 games out of the Playoffs. Would a fully healthy Love/Rubio/Pek have made up that difference? We'll have to wait until next year to figure that out, I just hope Pek stays.
luvnbayes::One more quality wing player is needed, along with Pek, and the Wolves will make the playoffs.  Along with health of course.
luvnbayes::The key stat in the game is that when Manu played the Spurs were +10.  He was the igniter again.  I said yesterday that the team, and Parker specifically, play better when Manu is on the court.  Well, Parker was 3-4 from the field and scored 13 of his 15 points when Manu was on the floor with him.  When he played while Manu was out, he went 0-6 and had two points.  The chances against the Lakers stack up to how much Manu can play, and how do they cope when Manu is on the bench.
tjroden05::He's a dirty b-$@%!
OriginalKiteMike::I was there last night. The Spurs put on a "fan show" but lost - cause Pop didn't really want to win this one and, it seemed like the only player to really show up (just to break a sweat),  was Tim Duncan, in a "meaningless game". But everyone got some good playing time, the whole bench got a few minutes. I was hoping they would try to win the last game of the reg season, for the SA fans who spent all that cash to be there with high hopes anyway.  We could tell that was not in the game plan. Lack of Spurs team effort was evident the whole game.
dsosa83::I'm not sure about the chemistry we have...because right now we don't have one.  So the McGrady move was just a desperation move by the Spurs.  This is the worst Spurs team in a while.  Glad the season is over.  I stopped watching 2 weeks ago because it has been so bad.  Maybe Spurs will do a Maverick and pull off a magic run and steal the trophy from King James!
VolkieG::Not sure how I feel about us picking up McGrady. Scorer in his prime? Yes, but was a rather selfish player at times with Houston, and so I'm not sure how he'll fit in with San Antonio. Besides, with the playoffs now about to start, I worry about McGrady messing up the chemistry we have. Maybe he'll be alright coming off the bench though, and give us some offense. Maybe Pops knows something we don't. Usually 100% behind him on most everything he does, but this is one where I'll have to wait and see.
jimmybones137::If we lose to the Lakers, I dont care what anyone says....Pop has to go. Our team looks weak and unprepared. Pop has been outcoached by Alvin Gentry, Lionel Hollins, and Scott Brooks in recent years...if he loses to D' Antonio, its over folks. Time for a new coach.
VolkieG::You're crazy.
OriginalKiteMike::I was in FULL Spurs gear last night at the game in San Antonio !!!   @jimmybones137 - You might have something there  .... all of the close games Spurs lost recently had the worst play calling one could imagine and, it cost em the #1 seed this year. That's Pop's doing, and he's been doing that for some time too. Spurs seeded well, as to be expected, but when crunch time came last year, and in April this year, his play calling stunk up the whole season.  The way he treats players in front of the camera is militaristic,(Bonner, Splitter n Green last year), therefore, we have players disappearing in the OKC games last year and then the end of the season this year ... and the (best in the NBA) bench got the brunt of his militaristic wrath, which is NO way to coach - and get better results.  Old school has to be replaced .... with 'positive re-enforcement' coaching.
1960Andy::Its going to be SWEET  watching the lakers knock the spurs out of the playoffs, and do it with out kobe!  GO LAKERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1960Andy::Lakers will beat the Spurs in 4, write it down and take it to the bank, howard will dominate the paint and spurs have no one who can stop gausol, spurs too banged up. GO LAKERS!
FastFash::Your bank account must be empty.
Ivanov21::Sometimes I really get tired of the Spurs' way of turning not-so-good players into starters and then when it really matters they tend to disappear. I'm just not a big fan of Danny Green.. He has stretches of games where he hits tons of threes and can't miss, followed by games where all he does is turn the ball over in fast-breaks and miss shots. He has been shooting 41% from the field and 30% from three this month. Good thing Gary Neal has found his touch, but he's just as streaky so you never know what you're gonna get. The end of this regular season feels extremely deflating in general. Confidence isn't very high, chemistry isn't there, players got hurt at the worst possible time again. Nevertheless I 'm sure Pop will find a way to make it work again!!!
georgepan::"Nevertheless I 'm sure Pop will find a way to make it work again!!!"  Your post rang true, but then you end with the platitude that Poppa knows best?   He hasn't "made it work again" for 6 years now, an eternity in basketball.  The Spurs were the overall #1 seed three times and were trounced anyway.  Pop has made mistakes.    The Spurs look terrible right now, clearly not a title contender.  Leonard disappears in most games now, Parker looks like crap.  NONE of the Spurs' problems (they are 12-16 on the road over their last 28 road games) are Pop's fault?    Seems like a gullibility problem to me.
Ivanov21::Well it was more like a "I hope Pop knows best" but you're right, they look like crap and I'm not feeling all too confident.
Mamba24Rings5::Spurs?? Lakers??? hmm...
11Brent01::wolves take one from spurs... how :P
.Jerry Jones 4 President.::<b>The Lakers are a JOKE! </b>
.Jerry Jones 4 President.::<b>banana?</b>
howdythere81::yeah knock knock who's there orange etc orange you glad i didn't say banana
howdythere81::but not that funny, like the orange you glad i didn't say banana joke
TRIPPIN76::I'm gonna hope that D'anfoney like that slam that was a spurt on you! Can't make the overpaid overrated flakers don't dominate! Hahahahaha!
howdythere81::pathetic Lakers relying on Memphis to get them in the playoffs...LOL
howdythere81::to be honest with you yeah i think so too...Kobe is too big a force and his teammates and coach defer to him for better or worse
howdythere81::bring it man!!! wish Kobe was healthy though would make the W sweeter!
Earl Fishburger IX::slam_dunk_on_u - Me too...but I think they actually play better without him  this is a blessing in disguise  So you will admit KoMe's a chukker?
Earl Fishburger IX::Yeah but I honestly think the Lakers are stronger without him
slam_dunk_on_u::Me too...but I think they actually play better without him  this is a blessing in disguise
slam_dunk_on_u::aLL i HAVE TO SAY IS...BETTER PREPARE YOUR EXCUSES  WHEN THE SPURTS LOSE  IN THE FIRST ROUND
slam_dunk_on_u::Suuuuure whatever you say...
slam_dunk_on_u::howdythere81 - i wouldn't lie...i hate the lakers but i'm not going to lie about it Grizz win guaranteed Lakers in the playoffs with the jazz loss  --------------------------------------------------  Blame the Jazz for not winning a must-win game...not the Lakers
howdythere81::i wouldn't lie...i hate the lakers but i'm not going to lie about it Grizz win guaranteed Lakers in the playoffs with the jazz loss
slam_dunk_on_u::No sir...All they needed was to win out  their remainder games which they did...Check your facts idiot!
howdythere81::look $@%!$@% the game against the Rockets was meaningless...ZBO and the Grizz got the Lakers into the playoffs
slam_dunk_on_u::So much for the spurts trying to avoid the Lakers...well...Karma is a Bi..-atch isn't it?  Lakers playing well, while the spurts playing on fumes.....  What will spurts fans say when your horrendous team loses to the Lakers in the 1st Round?  I Know the only reason you guys got TMac was just to be a scapegoat and blame him for his first round woes which they will continue...  I would be shocked if this series goes more than 5 games...   Lakers in 5   Let the excuses begin!
TRIPPIN76::Cuz i wait for bit..ches to rant b4 i go hoe
TRIPPIN76::God we SPURS and fans are doomed to failure cuz slam on stupid  said so!!!
slam_dunk_on_u::I thought you said you were out?  \/
TRIPPIN76::I forgot about A'ntoni special coaching skills!!
TRIPPIN76::Oh yeah mamba will dominate!!
howdythere81::Lakers MVP = ZBO
TRIPPIN76::Oh yeah red hot 7th seed you're right!!!
slam_dunk_on_u::Impressive if you ask me...without Kobe?? Hell Yeah!!!
TRIPPIN76::Is that why you got Nash?
TRIPPIN76::I'm out!!!!!!!!!!!
TRIPPIN76::Fu..ck it no ones saying sh..it no more but me GO SPURS GO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
TRIPPIN76::If you're a fake SPURS fan let lt be known. Playoffs are coming and we real fans. Won't appreciate wow i was wrong I LOVE MY SPURS
Earl Fishburger IX::Spurs are playing like sh i t. Howards the only threat on the Lakers cuz he bullies the Spurs down low... hack a Howards all series long Spurs still win in 7 but get bounce in the 2nd round. I'm so disappointed in the Spurs finish of the season
howdythere81::Baynes will make Howard his biotch!!!
TRIPPIN76::Well then who is playing like S.h.it? Why talk about howard who cares.. Go suck then 2nd round other teams nuts...
Earl Fishburger IX::Im not sure what your saying but Id rather have my team be the two seed vs the seven seed... common sense
TRIPPIN76::My bad the 7th seed rocks!! You're right..
TRIPPIN76::Cuz 2nd seed sux huh?
joegtheog71::Timmy's already working on new indignant pleas to the refs.
TRIPPIN76::Hey does anyone have any GREY POUPON? I'm retardadopoorfavore..
Grapenutzsucks::Just like your mom!
adam2121::Sorry to hear about the explosion in West, Texas.  Prayers.
MijoMartinez::Finally... Sunday.
slam-dunk-on-u::Lakers will CHOKE, like my mother at a sailor's reunion!
isellshoes::Ahhhh.....weiner puns....
TRIPPIN76::I was thinking the Lakers don't choke they swallow..
joegtheog71::Choke implies that they're expected to win to begin with.
Grapenutzsucks::Choke implies, "you suck!" ^^^
TRIPPIN76::Back from sum pow wow... What's going on?
TRIPPIN76::BBBBBITCH!!!
TRIPPIN76::Son of a lakers fan!!!
luckyzac00::think slam has taken off already.  damn it.
