DanHalen880::went to bed after the 3rd quarter. looks like i missed the show. wow.  that's funny. this hawks team seems to be able to handle more adversity than years past.  anyhow...go hawks. good job so far in the rebuilding/interim year
Chris31708::The Hawks have a better record than the Nets?!?  ROFL!
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::What's so funny?
DanHalen880::see also: Joe Johnson
American League Championship Series 2004::What the...  Detroit scored 30 combined points in the 1st and 3rd... They scored 71 combined points in the 2nd and forth... They scored 39 points in the 4th...which also tied it. Bynum got 31 points (and we aren't talking about Andrew)  I want to know how all of those things happened o.0
MontezATL::WOO HAH  GOT YOU ALL IN CHAT!!!
GolovchenkoMSU::Hawks barely beat the Pistons bench....?
Icterus Galbuli::it IS the NBA   ...where the Wizards beat the Heat  ....but it appears you don't have enough  sense to understand that ...
ATLANTA BRAVES TOMAHAWK CHOP::Go Hawks!
Raiders_K_11::I think if Calvin Johnson played in the NBA, he would be as good as James and Durant. Imagine if he were on this Pistons team.
bamberg1977::Ha. Love Calvin. But you need incredible skill to play basketball at that level, which catching tells us little about other than he could be a good rebounder for his size. Secondly Calvin is a couple inches shorter than Lebron and several shorter than Durant.
DetroitFanInATL313::not to beat a dead horse but atlanta is not a better sports city than detroit. I am from detroit and live in atlanta and I know this. Out of all of atlanta's teams they have 1 championship. Pistons have more than that themselves.
Jrange378::You're not a better sports city just because your teams 2 of your teams are better right now. The Tigers went to the world series and will win this year, and the red wings are always good. The fans still sell out the Lions games too. Detroit has always been one of the best sports cities.
ATLANTA BRAVES TOMAHAWK CHOP::Right now Atlanta is a better sports city.
Hurricanes212614::As an Atlanta fan I agree fully that Detroit and UM have had much more success in their histories. But don't accuse us of not loving our Braves, Falcons, and college football, along with the Hawks every now and then. Plus, the great equalizer is that we don't have to live in Detroit haha
braveandme::But the falcons are better than the lions and hawks better than pistons Right now. Who cares about NHL?
DetroitFanInATL313::sounds right
Chillin_in_SD::just going off the top of my head detroit has like 8 championships in the last 30 years? (one tigers, three stones, four wings).
Chillin_in_SD::Shabazz? Porythress? Otto Porter? Goodwin? Someone else? who do you guys like in this draft, because it seems to be heavily populated by bigs (which we don't need) rather than wings (which we do).
jroby39::poythress or shabazz. shabazz if he's available
gtownhoyas76::porter!!!!
trademarktaz::Austin Daye is so weak he got floored by the chest bump after he hit the 3
t casey::That was pretty funny. First time I've ever seen that happen.
datdudetone::yeah, I bet Daye couldn't bench press a tooth pick!!!!
Philip3664::That was hilarious
sethbball20::For real though, it's time to put Drummond in the starting lineup over Max.
Trues1985::Drafted him in the lottery.....did do that to ride the pine.   Might need to fire the coach.
Philip3664::He's made his case many times, Frank just wont do it.
gogreengowhitespartyon73::Drummond and Monroe are @ssholes who rejected my autograph request :(  But seriously, I can't see Chauncey or Ben doing that
BearJWS::Oh because they don't sign an autograph they are @ssholes, now?  After seeing this, I think we know who the @sshole is.  They must be good judge of characters....
Chillin_in_SD::Wow this game was awesome.  Bench almost led a crazy comeback but did nothing to take away precious white lottery balls with pistons logos on them :) Drummond is just so fun to watch so any game where he gets extended minutes I am happy.
Chillin_in_SD::Yeah he does make boneheaded plays, but the combination of size, length and athleticism is so mesmerizing, he is also more coordinated than I thought he was.
Trues1985::The end of the game was awesome when Pistons started the comeback.  Thrilling finish to a pedestrian blowout game.  When Daye hit the 3 I thought it was over as a Hawks fan.  Then in OT Pistons missed a lot of bunnies.
sethbball20::At one point, he let 3 lobs in a row go over his head for Horford lay-ups. And he went for the fake hand-off on the final possesion of regulation. Don't get me wrong, I love watching him play as well, I think he's going to be a great player, but you have to be disciplined defensively. He'll learn though.
sethbball20::When Daye hit the 3, I went crazy. I thought we had it. Drummond still has a long ways to go defensively, so it was smart for the Hawks to attack him.
sethbball20::Left the board but never left the game. Great effort by the second unit, but I don't understand why Frank didn't go to them earlier after seeing the starters struggle all night. But I liked the quick 3's in transition, you can't be afraid to let those go when you're trailing by so much, and CV and Will weren't afraid to do so.
Trues1985::Every team needs at least one chucker in my opinion.  JR SMith, Jamal Crawford, Kobe, Villanueva, Josh Smith, Marshon Brooks, Russell Westbrook, Jason Terry.....jack it up
Trues1985::Villanueva will always jack it up no matter what, he could have Jordan on the team it still wouldn't matter. Chucker.
sethbball20::I don't think that's a bad thing though, especially with a team that passes up so many open shots. You have to admit, he's leethal on the pick and pop.
D12G::What happen to Monroe? Why did he only play for 26 minutes?
sethbball20::He was ineffective tonight along with the rest of the starters. The second unit was on fire, so Frank stayed with them in the 4th quarter through the overtimes.
detroit dave93::If the Pistons could have pulled it off tonight, It would have really given them momentum in to the Miami game at home on Friday.
TigerMichLion111::And the pistons were down by 19 to start 4th?  WTF how did this team score 40 in a quarter?
detroit dave93::They didn't they scored 39 in the 4th, but I know what you mean.
datdudetone::Drummond is gonna be a real problem for the teams in the east by year 3,he has the making of being a superstar!!!!
jroby39::my guess is frank's been told to tank this season. the only other explanation is that he's incompetent
datdudetone::dunno,my guess he wants drummond to earn the spot and not just give it to him,I really believe they didn't know Drummond was gonna be this good so quick
Trues1985::Why won't your coach just play Drummond and Monroe at the same damn time??
datdudetone::yep
TigerMichLion111::I could see 20 and 15 for him game in an game out, we found our dominate center!
TigerMichLion111::WTF?? Double OT?? Wow And how the hell did Bynum score 31??  Dang a crazy game
Philip3664::Got extended minutes cuz Knight struggled. All the starters struggled so the bench did the heavy lifting tonight
Trues1985::Tried to dunk on JSMoove got it stuffed and sent....never got back into the game!
TigerMichLion111::Ya wow I see!  The bench played a lot more and A LOT better..hmmm, Andre with 16 and 12 nice, singler got that solid 0 points....
gogreengowhitespartyon73::and that AAA bench almost won the game.
hussein623::i was happy to be moving, but then i realized i was moving to deroit
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::Well.....no matter where you go there you are. :-)
gogreengowhitespartyon73::haha
hussein623::yup ive been there its real bad
Trues1985::that's the real Atlanta.  People think it's sweet down here because smiling....no you can get murked down here easily.
gogreengowhitespartyon73::i've walked maybe 30 feet outside of downtown Atlanta and it seemed like I was in Baghdad.
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::I'm being totally serious, I have never been there but A lot of peope say the actual city of Detroit is equivalent to a third world country. Is it really that bad up there??
gogreengowhitespartyon73::it's like any big city except people are too stupid to realize that. just because the media keeps force feeding the same bullcrap down people's throat doesn't mean it's that bad. downtown is actually safer than average, and like most big cities, there's no reason to wander into the inner-city  so to sum up, no
hussein623::of course at all
hussein623::still better than detroit
gogreengowhitespartyon73::not at all
gogreengowhitespartyon73::Atlanta is the crack wh.ore capital of America...
hussein623::pistons lost, hawks won. end of discussion, detroit fans are stretching this out too much. face it! running away from it isnt gonna change anything
gogreengowhitespartyon73::Pistons blow. No one's surprised.
gogreengowhitespartyon73::hussein623 - detroit fans just admit it! its hard to believe you people will not accept the fact that atl is a way better sports city then detroit  Didn't Atlanta have a team relocated? Twice? enough said...
hussein623::0-16?
Trues1985::Yeah but then they stunk it up this season for no apparent reason.  It's the same freaking team as last year.  With the Falcons, they've been consistent the past 5 years with winning.  So winning in the playoffs is part of the process.  We were once pathetic like the Lions because we couldn't even get consecutive winning seasons until like 2 years ago.
gogreengowhitespartyon73::was it wrong for me to want Millen to jump?   either way 10-6 is still way more recent. the lions were starting to get bandwagon fans last season
Trues1985::no 0-16 is recent memory.  4 years ago the Detroit Lions went 0-16 with Jon Kitna as a QB.  Pathetic state of affairs.  Pathetic franchise.  Matt Millen was on suicide watch.
gogreengowhitespartyon73::see you can't keep bringing up 0-16 and not let me bring up the championshps from the 1950's. they have the same relevance to today's team.
hussein623::yup they did, but how many times besides that?
gogreengowhitespartyon73::half of the 90's...
hussein623::wasnt that umm lemme see 69 years ago or something? lol
gogreengowhitespartyon73::didn't the Lions go 10-6 last season?
hussein623::detroit fans dont know what a winning season is
gogreengowhitespartyon73::yoshidawg93 - How many people alive today actually experienced that?  how about last season? you were around for that right?
yoshidawg93::How many people alive today actually experienced that?
gogreengowhitespartyon73::http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1957_NFL_Championship_Game isn't that a winning season?
Trues1985::Worst team ever.  Didn't win a game the entire season
Trues1985::They got relocated but no one wanted the team in the first place.  So it's not even a loss.  It's not like the Thrashers were sell outs and then in the middle of the night got moved.  They were forced to give tickets away for free and it was still empty as hell.
gogreengowhitespartyon73::Trues1985 - Thrashers got relocated....the only people that cared are the people outside of Atlanta when the fact is that they never should have brought a hockey team down here in the first place.  Nobody watches or enjoys hockey down here it's too hot.  Fair enough but the team still got relocated...
Trues1985::Thrashers got relocated....the only people that cared are the people outside of Atlanta when the fact is that they never should have brought a hockey team down here in the first place.  Nobody watches or enjoys hockey down here it's too hot.
gogreengowhitespartyon73::0-16 means as much as those 1950's NFL championships do.   and i'd rather have the worst team in the league than have a team relocated.
Trues1985::Yeah they won The Worst Team Ever in NFL History award.   That trophy is in the case next to your 1957 NFL Championship (which no one even knows what that is).
gogreengowhitespartyon73::at least they won something. I can't say the same for Atlanta fans
Trues1985::The Lions beat the Browns in 3 of those 4 title games and have not appeared in or won a championship game (including the Super Bowl) since.  From your link.   PATHETIC
yoshidawg93::gogreengowhitespartyon73 - the past. means about as much now as this does http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1957_NFL_Championship_Game  Bear with me. I know Atlanta fans don't know what an NFL Championship is  Most Detroit fans don't either. How many people were even alive then?
gogreengowhitespartyon73::at least they won something. Atlanta's trophy case is empty
Trues1985::So pathetic.  1957 really????  The Super Bowl didn't even exist back then.  LMAO....desperation at its finest.   Have the Detroit Lions ever even been to a Super Bowl?????
gogreengowhitespartyon73::the past. means about as much now as this does http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1957_NFL_Championship_Game  Bear with me. I know Atlanta fans don't know what an NFL Championship is
hussein623::thats also the past, but detroit fans just dont get that
Trues1985::Atlanta has never had an ( 0-16 ) team.
gogreengowhitespartyon73::yoshidawg93 - You just had to change your post. At least you corrected your error. And the Hawks have even won a championship more recently than the Lions lol.  In St. Louis....
yoshidawg93::You just had to change your post. At least you corrected your error. And the Hawks have even won a championship more recently than the Lions lol.
gogreengowhitespartyon73::http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1957_NFL_Championship_Game really?
yoshidawg93::And that proves how stupid you really are.
gogreengowhitespartyon73::that same 0-16 team has something only one Atlanta team has. A championship.  also i'd rather go 0-16 and still have my team than lose 2 teams
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::Almost don't count, that's what always separate teams like Detroit from making that next step cause at the end of the day an L will still go in the right side of that column regardless. They always ask who won 1st the rest is just details.
yoshidawg93::Pistons fans, why so mad? Your team sucks and lost a game they were expected to lose.
Trues1985::we won, pistons lost.
Philip3664::What about that lead your team choked away?
Philip3664::Except for Miami, New York and Chicago the east is weak. Sorry
Trues1985::Hawks are currently sitting at 3rd in the East more than a quarter through the season.  Yeah not good at all.
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::Philip3664 - Good teams dont let leads like that get away  Hawks continue their Mastery over Detroit in Atlanta period, sleep it off.
Philip3664::Oh trust me im not. I know the Pistons are bad right now. Dont act like the Hawks are that good of a team though
yoshidawg93::You lost. That was supposed to happen, and it happened. The comeback was good, but stop acting like your team is amazing when the record clearly shows you're not.
Philip3664::Good teams dont let leads like that get away
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::only works when you win, Pistons still loss. :-)
datdudetone::Why are Hawks fans acting like there the beast of the east,the Hawks are in the same boat as the pistons not good enough to win a ring,ok the Hawks are a playoff team so what!!!!, getting your a@@# handed to you in the first round dosen't mean s@#$,thats why up and coming teams like the Cavs and the Pistons are gonna leap frog the Hawks,stocking young talent trough the draft and making trades to get a superstar,example "Clippers"while the Hawks are stuck in the same position,going to the first round and getting beat down!!!!
datdudetone::your right Pistons and cavs are lottery bound,but they'll get better because of the draft and then have the chips to mke major trades, the Hawks are stuck in the same position, make it to the first round get there head handed to them,truth be told theres no diffrence in the east between the 6,7,8 seeds and a lottery team,if this was the western confrece it would be a diffrent story!!!
yoshidawg93::No one is acting like the Hawks are the greatest team on earth. It's not our fault that Pistons fans decided to be idiots and get all butthurt about a game they were expected to lose anyway.
Trues1985::Pistons are 9-22.....lottery bound...too bad there aren't any franchise changers this year.  Cavs....probably worse record....lottery bound....only thing they have is KYRIE.
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::When's the last time Detroit won in Atlanta? I can't remember.
Trues1985::it's been awhile.
Michael Vick is the Original Pokemon Trainer::LMAO The Falcons had Bobby Petrino as their coach
DaWhite Howard::BTW, what does "LMAO" mean?
Trues1985::0-16
hussein623::detroit fans just admit it! its hard to believe you people will not accept the fact that atl is a way better sports city then detroit
Trues1985::Any city that has the worst team ever ( 0-16 ) can't be considered better than a city that doesn't have the worst team ever.
Michael Vick is the Original Pokemon Trainer::I don't consider cities with only 3 teams on the same level as cities with 4. If I did, Oklahoma City would be better than Atlanta
shash.c::way to like your own comments, bud.
Icterus Galbuli::DaWhite Howard - introduce me to the 2nd one. i don't think there are LOL.  ...I believe you misspelled your name  ...it should be "DUHWhite Howard"  ..with a capitol DUH :);)
yoshidawg93::shash.c how ridiculous can you really get?
DaWhite Howard::introduce me to the 2nd one. i don't think there are LOL.
shash.c::why are there two DaWhite Howard's?
DaWhite Howard::i liked his comment, BUD.
Trues1985::Detroit Lions  0-16....  we haven't forgotten
Trues1985::I think I just shut it down with that comment! lol
DaWhite Howard::b/c even the dumbest of the Detroit citizens know that you can't do any worse.
Michael Vick is the Original Pokemon Trainer::Jets playoff wins from their QBs- 5 Matt Ryan playoff wins- 0
Icterus Galbuli::NONE of them were from the QB's ...the Jets wins were provided by the Jets defense ....
DaWhite Howard::b/c whenever the defense would score, they would stay on the field, keeping Sanchez and whoever the heck else the Jets had at QB off the field.
DaWhite Howard::Just like LeBron, Matty Ice will NEVER be taken seriously until he preforms at least DECENTLY in the playoffs.
Lemuel7043::ok. this board is dead,  Good game Pistons fans.
DaWhite Howard::Falcons, call us when you "rise up" past your first playoff opponent.
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::Yep, I'm a Georgia boy and he played here but he does put up a lot of worthless stats at the end when his team is behind does Stafford.
hussein623::how many tds and picks has staff thrown?
hussein623::detroit, let us know when you get a good qb
yoshidawg93::Matt Ryan has done more than Stafford has ever done.
Michael Vick is the Original Pokemon Trainer::we have one. How many times has Ryan thrown for 5000 yards? Stafford is about to do it twice
yoshidawg93::Get back to the playoffs, then you can talk.
Calvin Johnson 1849 Yards::Mike Vick &gt; Matt Ryan
hussein623::why does that matter, he is better isnt he?
hussein623::gonzales&gt;&gt;&gt;sorry i dont know the lions TE
shash.c::you cant even spell his d.amn name right.
Icterus Galbuli::Calvin Johnson 1849 Yards - Mike Vick &gt; Matt Ryan ---- ....at hurting dogs and smoking weed :);)
shash.c::Leshoure &gt; Turner
hussein623::both of em&gt;stafford
yoshidawg93::Lol at these Pistons fans changing the subject because they lost.
GeorgeTownDC29::Looks like Frank had an epiphany this game
Trues1985::Detroit....call us when you actually playoffs
0Pure0Michigan0::I do love Chipper Jones though...gotta give it to him.
hussein623::we would but people in detroit cant afford phones
DaWhite Howard::ATL, call us when you have anyone worth mentioning in the past 50 years other than Dominique
Trues1985::Greg Maddux, Tom Glavine, Jon SMoltz, JSmoove, Chipper Jones
0Pure0Michigan0::Dogs?
Calvin Johnson 1849 Yards::Mike Vick?
Calvin Johnson 1849 Yards::Ok we will call you when we "actually playoffs" whatever that means
Trues1985::yep you don't know what playoffs means.....
shash.c::ATL: call us when the Falcons actually win a playoff game
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::Lol.  Peyton Manning lost his 3rd playoff game 41-0. Started out 0-3 just like Peyton. You sound smart though, judging a team fairly early in the current regime in the playoffs like that. We'll get ours though, don't you worry.
Hurricanes212614::They lost to Cardinals, Packers, and Giants, all of whom went to the Super Bowl. It's not like they lost to the Lions each year. Plus, that has no bearing on what will happen this time around. Have you noticed that we now have a strong defense and Julio Jones?
Icterus Galbuli::Falcons HAVE won a playoff game ...now WHAT should I call you :);)
yoshidawg93::Call me when the Lions are IN the playoffs.
yoshidawg93::More appearances in the super bowl than the Lions, and more playoff wins than the Lions.
shash.c::kk how many playoff wins, super bowls?
yoshidawg93::And you're 4-11, which proved last year was a fluke. We go every year.
shash.c::we called you just last year. didn't get the call?
greybay3582::Anyone have info on why Brandon knight didn't play after his initial 23 minutes? I saw Bynum went off &amp; was wondering if there was an injury?
Lemuel7043::Bynum played really well. I mean, really really well. BK didnt.
shash.c::yeah Bynum goes Kobe-mode after he makes a shot.
Calvin Johnson 1849 Yards::until 3 seconds left in 1st OT. Then he was atrocious to watch. Wouldn't pass at all.
shash.c::Frank benched all the starters
William 1230::OUTSCORED BY 19 POINTS IN 4TH QUARTER. by DETROIT..??? THE HAWKS BELONG IN THE D LEAGUE.
Calvin Johnson 1849 Yards::Hows the Georgia Bulldogs basketball team doing?
hussein623::oh wait no theyre not
hussein623::yet the lions are 13-2 bud
yoshidawg93::Your nickname is all you have to root for. The Falcons beat the Lions too, so naturally you're starting to get desperate.
DaWhite Howard::well after they lost to the PENGUINS of South Dakota State Correctional Technical College, they rebounded and ALMOST hung with IU the whole game, and since then, it's been like watching a bunch of 1st graders play men.
DaWhite Howard::LOL rite forgot about him. well then watching UGA play bball has been like watching the Lions play football-- the team SUCKS, but one player shines.
Calvin Johnson 1849 Yards::Actually looking at your team, Caldwell-Pope actually seems good and then everyone else is just terrible
hussein623::how are the lions doing
Trues1985::Megatron is from Atlanta.
DaWhite Howard::they suck, as usual. Megatron is a boss, however, as usual.
Calvin Johnson 1849 Yards::same as the Falcons, not winning a playoff game
Trues1985::Georgia Bulldogs have a basketball team????
Calvin Johnson 1849 Yards::at least both michigan teams are relevant in both major sports
hussein623::its ok pistons fans, u have plenty of time to cry
DaWhite Howard::Who else is surprised that ATL actually pulled off a close game where they had to play hard not only the whole game, but for TWO OTs as well?
hussein623::the hawks sure did win
Calvin Johnson 1849 Yards::they sure played hard in the 4th quarter
Lemuel7043::lmao
DaWhite Howard::don't you mean "stoned"?
Lemuel7043::yep. and Hawks were stunned
Lemuel7043::wasn't really a close game. we had a 22 point lead
Lemuel7043::Ok. I'm just going to the Brooklyn board and troll because Joe Johnson played like $@%! again haha
Trues1985::Joe Johnson is a good player  -said no Hawks fan EVER
Calvin Johnson 1849 Yards::MSU 33 Georgia 30  http://scores.espn.go.com/ncf/boxscore?gameId=320020061
Trues1985::in the SEC it's BCS or bust.  Nobody cares about the OUtback bowl
hussein623::ur teams suck! thats what!
shash.c::lmfao OUCH.
DaWhite Howard::freaking arab. WHICH TEAM?
hussein623::shash is too butthurt right now, its ok little guy, u can cry later too
shash.c::wait what?
hussein623::wow yall look to the past as if it were the present
mariomahmoud::Ts either ya'll or y'all
DaWhite Howard::so I'm from GA....how many of you know where the apostrophe in "yall" goes?
yoshidawg93::And he likes his own comments
shash.c::yall? you're not black, you're arab.
yoshidawg93::Lol at your butthurt
shash.c::lol at the lakers getting wrecked by the Nugs
shash.c::Kwame Brown &gt; Whoreford
mariomahmoud::Scoreboard
shash.c::Byron Mullens &gt; Whoreford
hussein623::shows how butthurt u r
26KORVERFAN::Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year! Basketball and the NBA is the best. Hoop it up!
hussein623::same to u, go hawks!
26KORVERFAN::Yes, go Korver and Hawks!
Calvin Johnson 1849 Yards::Detroit has won 5 titles, and has been to 4 more championships since Atlanta last won a title
Icterus Galbuli::...and I don't think a single player involved in any of those titles EVER attended a history class in college ...so WHY should we be worried about history now  :);)
hussein623::looking to the past because they cant talk about how bad their present has been
yoshidawg93::Changing the subject to a different sport doesn't help your case either.
Calvin Johnson 1849 Yards::Ok, Detroit has been to 1 championship this year. Atlanta has been to 0.
