Brendyn Scott::Time to hire George Karl and get rid of Corbin
Dallen Shakespear::I might actually be a Jazz fan for the first time in my life if they were to hire George Karl.
Terri Zimmer::Something needs to change.....
Troy Chase::I was saying the same thing yesterday! I realized that George Karl was on the market. He'd be great for the young guys.
Casiano Servaz Tubana III::Lets geaux Pelicans
Scott Carter::Utah in 1990's - Miles Davis Utah in 2013 - Kenny G on heroin
Grant Oxenrider::only thing that bothered me tonight is gobert bot getting mins., I think he coulda stopped the brow a bit better. gobert coulda altered davis' shots betterr i think. but  a W makes me happy. AND HOW ABOUT DIANTE GARRETT! very impressive. he didnt force anything, found open guys  didnt to do too much. just played smart ball! Trey burke may have some stiff competition!
Matthew Lawrence Jacobs::Omg I was checking out the standings and I saw the jazz won a game I was like crazy they beat Someone and I was like it's probably the pelicans come to see who they played yep the pelicans haha that's funny
Joe Fackrell::At this point, you do want to see the young Jazz players steadily improve, but they need to do their winning at the end of the year and hopefully still be close to last place in the league so that they can get a top three pick.  This coming draft may be the best in the last 30 years, since 84.   One can hope.
Mikey Mikedidit::I agree. Try to trade up for two of the 6 lottery selections, like 1 and 2...Jazz would be relevant for a long long time
Jamie Homewood::Mikey Mikedidit There is no way the Jazz will get the first AND second pick in the draft
Mikey Mikedidit::Jamie Homewood - hey a girl can dream can't she?
Kyle Lang::I did not expect the Jazz to be so terrible defending the paint this year.  Kanter sits in the paint waiting for the post man to come to him for a 2 foot shot, and both he and Favors seem to not have a clue what is going on during pick and roles.  Chalk all this up to pathetic coaching?
Mikey Mikedidit::They made a major mistake by choosing a Head Coach with no Head Coaching experience, who selects assistant coaches that have no NBA experience...and it's showing now when they have no talent...maybe the front office will realize that, and blow things up with all of the weak parts: fire the coaching staff wholesale and fire players that are mediocre.  The good thing is there are several top ping pong ball candidates that they can't go wrong with: Duke's star and I would get the Kansas star too...those two guys alone automatically make you a playoff contender.
Joel Frost::Chalk it up to "Jazz want a top 2 pick"
Steve Kimball::New Orleans Pelicans.....  Hands down the worst team name in all of sports.
Hal Housley::Every time I hear it I think of Scarface.. Aaaayy Pelican
Matthew Campbell::For the life of me I don't know why they changed.  Or at least thought through the new name a bit.  Colors are jerseys are ugly to boot.  It's like they stepped back 30 years.
Matthew Campbell::Can't take that next step losing to the previously 0 for the season Jazz.  Dang.  Was hoping this year they'd turn the corner.  I think I'd shop Eric Gordon and go after some kind of vet who can get these guys focused.
Daniel Tuggle::Are those Jazz fans just fans of Anthony Davis or are they trying to mock him all them with those fake uni brows.... cause Davis has 27 and 15 in only 32 mins... Personally I think its stupid to come out and Mock a Unibrow but I don't know that's me
Chris Blair::Well it is something easy to make fun of. Doubt its actually distracting to the team in anyway though.
Steve Broome::he's ugly and it's funny.
Eric Bradshaw::his unibrow takes the attention away from his crooked teeth, go ahead google Davis's lower teeth
Brendyn Scott::The nuggets game was a perfect example of how this season is going to be. The young guys play awesome and the vets stink it up. Seriously beyond favors, hayward, kanter, burks and even gobert... who is doing anything?? None of the guys beyond those five can make a shot.
Matthew Campbell::I like the looks of the Pelicans team, they'll grow.  That said the choice of mascot, and jersey was AWFUL! Colors are awful.  It's just an awful look. Awful.
Jamie Homewood::I'm a fan of the mascot. The colors could use some work though.
Mike Jones::If Kanter would have played for UK on 2010-11, then Davis would have been leading UK to back to back titles in 2011-12.
Mikey Mikedidit::Jazz should pick wiggy out of the draft - and then get one more dominant dude that can guard the paint and score down low.
Marc Brauer::How many first round picks do they have?
Preston Tripp::hahaha…. I look to see the jazz guard play to be much better once trey burke comes back. Lucas and Tinsley is a nightmare. Will I say that means they are going to win? no. but trey burke is a much better player than the two aforementioned guards.
Robert Fanslau::Earl Watson was 10000000000000x better than foye... his career +/- speaks for itself...
Grant Oxenrider::shut up! both sucked asssss
Janicefer Nelson::Pelicans will continue to lose until there's a new accomplished coach. Lottery pick again this year.
Donna Blackwood::Jazz win....just don't win too many this year so that a top 3 pick could come their way next year
Robert Fanslau::This is why Earl Watson should've been resigned... he was the heart of this squad
Grant Oxenrider::lmao! what ever! he sucked!
Noah Callen::The Pelicans have played so bad the past two nights I am not even sure if they can beat the Jazz....
Marc Brauer::Anthony Davis goes for 29/15 and was still -12 in the +/-.
Mikey Mikedidit::I like watching train wrecks, so I'm watching this game!
Patrick Clark::What happened to the Jazz draft pick? didn't they pick up a PG?
Jamie Homewood::He has an injured hand and is out for an extended period.
Mikey Mikedidit::He's injured. He should sit out until the last 10 games to get experience and conditioning. Then the Jazz can pick up Wiggins, Jabari, Randle, whoever.
Kool Kev::Not sure who's worse Brooklyn or New Orleans!!!
Benny Thai Tran::I think the Pelicans will be a decent team this year.
