Tung Nguyen::There's a reason why no other stars want to play with Melo...
Steven Rivera::Theres no star players available moron and KNicks are over the cap cause of Amare contract
Tung Nguyen::Steven Rivera He's been in the league for more than 10 years, nobody wanted to go to Denver. Nobody's gonna want to go to NY. Melo's not going to give up his bricks.
Leonard A Wilson Jr::Iverson did. At some point, CP3 did. Remember the infamous wedding toast?
Enash Waca::BREAKING NEWS:  The Knicks suck
Colin Uza::BREAKING NEWS: Carmelo is a chucker
Marcus Grein::Colin Uza  Breaking News: Melo was the only starter that could score anything today.
Brandon Tigues::if carmelo fails to carry the knicks to the playoffs this season with the east being this bad...then you can't continue to call this guy elite, yeah his team is pretty bad..but the eastern conference is worse, 35 wins might get you the 8th seed.
Joe Brooks::Brandon, Carmelo plays on one of the worst teams in the East, and one of the 2 worst coached teams. Why would he expect to make the playoffs?
Brandon Tigues::Joe Brooks have you seen the east? the 8th seed right now has 10 wins..memphis has 10 wins in the west and they're at the bottom of the conference.
Brandon Tigues::Alex Doub extactly, if he makes the playoffs and carries the knicks to at least 1 playoff victory against the heat or the pacers, he's going to earn a lot respect.
Seal Rchin::Melo got his 30 so nothing else matters, he is a baller....................all this W or L no one really cares for that, as long as Melo got his stats.
Steven Rivera::Filling the stat sheet and shooting 50% yea hes the one to blame
Marcus Grein::He shot 50 percent, the rest of the starters shot 6-25, what do you want him to do about that? Seriously, he can't make players who suck not suck.
Jody George Prats::Melo and Kobe need to retire and do a traveling comedy show.  "The Brick Brothers Comedy Hour"
Alex Vargas::Alex Doub It's a joke dummy, my god. So the Melo joke was trolling but the kobe joke was not?
Alex Vargas::Alex Doub and still has two years left in him at 25 million. He's not retiring for a while.
Matt Washburn::The Knicks might be the worst team in the entire league
Shaun Mitts::ur pistons aint doing so pretty either.
Gary Bo::"might"???
Matt Washburn::Hey Shaun, when is the last time the Knicks won a title? The Pistons have 3 in my lifetime.
Tung Nguyen::(10'-11') Jason Kidd + Dirk + Chandler = Championship (12'-13') Jason Kidd + Melo + Chandler = nothing really..
Steven Rivera::Yes lets compare a younger Jason kidd to a over the hill Jason Kidd in NY SMFH dude get a life. They won 54 games far more then expected by any analyst in the league so I wouldnt say nothing.
Steven Rivera::They lost to a better PAcers team with most of there players injured like Tyson who wasn't 100% and Kidd who was drained out during the playoffs and let me add JR Smith who was invisable the entire series against the Pacers
Tung Nguyen::Steven Rivera Are you blind, look at the year. Knicks thought Melo was gonna duplicate what Dirk did. They now know Melo is nowhere near what Dirk was or is.
Fjodor Balla::Melo is so overrated.Swap him with 35 yrs old Dirk of this season and the Knicks are a threat in the east.Still no match for Heat or Pacers most likely, but certainly in the mix for the third best in the east.
Steven Rivera::What did Dirk do last season???? NOTHING but didnt make the playoffs, You are as good as your roster and if your roster sucks guess what? your not winning enough games
Fjodor Balla::Steven Rivera With Mike James starting at center and O.J Mayo as the second best player and after coming off a knee surgery and missing 27 first games of the season Dirk led the Mavs to a at least respectable 41-41 record in the tough western conference.He could have made the playoffs in the east on one leg and one arm.
Steven Rivera::Fjodor Balla ok and Melo lead a weak Denver team his rookie year to 43 win season and playoff birth first time since the early 90's
Greg Metz::Wait - people actually stick up for Melo?  HAHAHAHAHAAAAHAHAHA!
Steven Rivera::Wait people actually hate on a player who's leading his team in every aspect of the game the entire season?
Greg Metz::Steven Rivera Leading his team right down the toilet, yeah.
Tung Nguyen::Greg Metz roflmao
Roy Oser::2nd highest payroll, 5th worst record in the NBA.  Bad owner.  Period.
Matt Washburn::Wow - the Knicks are atrocious lmao
Jeff Shaw::A lesson to Dolan....remember Linsanity?  Your GMs have managed to get rid of almost everyone who gave a crap that season...Lin, Fields, Jerome Jordan, Novak, White....and instead they are back to pre-Lin with a bunch of chumps....only good guy from then is Chandler...he thought Lin was cool but when Anthony came back from injuries Tyson had to back off....and then Lin was gone....and all of the excitement....too bad....it was a fun time....
Aj Iceberg::1 assist, this is why he is overrated and cant get his team over the hump.
Steven Rivera::the rest of the team shooting awful can contribute to that, Melo should be over 5 assist this game but what can he do when players cant hit open shots?
Jody George Prats::Remember when Knick fans thought D'Antoni was the problem?
Shaun Mitts::yea because, Lakers are a contender for sure this year.
Yuseff Hilton::You walked into that one, genius...
John Jones::First! Memphis wins on the road.
Tung Nguyen::Melo's a drag Queen who just sucks the life out of team play... It's 5 on 5 in a bb game. With Melo on the team, it becomes 1 on 5. Everyone of Melo's teammates gets cold just standing around watching Melo do is iso thing. Not sure if its coaching or Melo's demand. Hey he is a star player, but if he wants to go anywhere, he needs to be  a team player. Based on his history, he's no team player.
Robert Rose::Being a team player requires a team around you that can perform when called upon.  Melo shot 50% on 22 shots.  The rest of the team shot 38.5% on 57 shots.  Is he supposed to shoot less?
Tung Nguyen::Robert Rose Speaking of FG%, out of the 18 qualifying SF's in the league, Melo ranks 12th in FG%.  http://espn.go.com/nba/statistics/player/_/stat/field-goals/sort/fieldGoalPct/position/small-forwards
Tung Nguyen::Robert Rose It you want to count him as a PF, with his .445%, he would rank 32nd out of 35 PF's in the league.  http://espn.go.com/nba/statistics/player/_/stat/field-goals/sort/fieldGoalPct/position/power-forwards  So much for FG%s
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Melo will have a load taken off his shoulders playing alongside Chris Paul and Blake Griffin, where he can shoot 50% or better on only 15-16 shots per game as opposed to 23-24 shots per game and under 43% like this season.
Brandon Tigues::if he takes 15-16 shots a game he isn't going to score much and not only that melo's inefficient it doesn't matter how many shots he attempts, in his sophomore season he attempted 16 shots a game and still shot 43 percent.
Steven Rivera::Brandon Tigues Melo can actually score more with less shots he proven that 3 times in the olympics and last season
Al-Jaleel Sawab::He'll sacrifice his scoring averages to 18-20 ppg with a higher field goal percentage, Melo is only inefficient when he has to carry the bulk of the scoring load. This season J.R. Smith is not doing what he did last season.
Richard Poole::Just noticed Melo doesn't have a foul. That means once again he refuses to play defense. Just a loser.
Timothy J. Casey::Or, you know, maybe he just hasn't been called for any fouls.
Robert Romero::Melo had 2 blks and 2 stls and ur saying he plays no defense because he has no fouls??
Geo Roarke::Lebron didn't foul anyone for many games last season, are you saying he sucks at defense as well?
Taylor Cassell::The starting line up for the Knicks other than Melo was pathetic
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Surely Melo is not responsible for key players who are supposed to help with the scoring load in Iman Shumpert and J.R. Smith struggling and shooting way below 40%. Smith is shooting 33%, and he's the #2 scoring option, Knicks won't win many games with Melo having to be a super hero with no help.
Devlin Johnson::As much as I liked Woodson before, its clear that he's lost this team mentally,  He needs to go and allow the team to go in a different direction.  Hopefully they get a coach that coaches instead of playing his buddy's all game.  No 1 wants to trade with the Knicks unless the knicks are going to over spend to do it, so it's time.
Barry Card::they call him mello yellow they call him mello yellow trade him for a guy like noah i person who plays with passion the NBA lottery picks for 2014 looking better!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Kevin Chinnia::All this Melo bashing and Amare once again gets a pass. The biggest bust of a max contract player ever in the history of the NBA. These comments are crazy! lol
Jazmine Ortiz::Knicks suck and it's NOT Carmelo he's been shooting like this his entire career and things have never been this bad have mercy on the guy trade him he'd be great in D.C
William Hendricks::After realizing a 10 PM curfew wasn't enough, Woodson is now implementing a mandatory no video games and no toys an hour before sleep time policy.
