Franky K::Does anyone here think kyrie will look to push the ball tonite at home??
slaterbug52::<p style="">Font size specified using relative values - smaller</p> <p style="">Font size specified using relative values - larger</p>
zackdaddy85::wizards are fine watch next month when walls back
Justin Kiss::After watching the opener, I'd personally like to see the starting line up look like this Guards-Irving,Waiters Center- Zeller PF- Varejao, TT I'd like to see the Cavs build up Zeller and get a true Center back, This could really spread the floor, and be able to create many shots for Kyree and Waiters and olly-oops to TT. Not to mention we need some taller players on D lol.
rag63top::For all the people talking trash on AndyV. I just want to throw out that no one has put up a game with 23+ rebounds, 9 assists, 2 blocks, and 9 points since Charles Barkley in 1987.... So people thinking that it isn't a big game, or it was done because it was against the Wizards, rethink that. There have been a ton of worse teams than the Wizards since 1987 and no one has put up numbers like that until now.
JMac0340::Nice to see Dion the Leon start the season off on a good note
jwusrt11::geez this is gonna be a long year Wiz fans...when do pitchers and catchers report?
WeAreMarquette 2.0::not for like 5-6 months
Dogeater878::Cavs aren't a playoff team... but Varajao IS an all-star.  He's not being "shipped" for any BS pick.
WeAreMarquette 2.0::lol I'm sorry but Verajao is not an all star
agentbeast::If Dennis Rodman was a 2x All-star why shouldn't Varejao be an All-star?
mikeyp2307::lol im sorry but he really could be.
snydejake::besides miami and boston who is better in the east?
trampletheweak::Cavs can def be the 8 seed this year, if they stay healthy, which has beeen a problem
snydejake::cavs will be a playoff team.
flaggedconstantly::i'm fine with getting another lottery selection next year (from missing the playoffs, not trading andy)
jeff050578::I am a Golden State Warrior fan and even I feel sorry for Wizard fans. Also, Cavs fans need to relax because beating the Wizs means absolutely nothing in the long run.
trampletheweak::Philly will have issues, that got rid of their best scorer for Bynum, locker room problem. Atlanta is now watered down and after that garbage city
trampletheweak::I dont care who the Cavs beat, they have a roster that can get them an 8 seed if they stay healthy. Look at the East after Miami, Boston, Chicago, NY, Brooklyn, Indiana. I would say Cleveland is 7th or 8th on paper.
flaggedconstantly::starting at center for the eastern conference all-stars... Anderson Varejao.  maybe i'm getting ahead of myself, but a guy can dream right????
navyctr312::I don't like walton. I would rather have Zeller in there
Dogeater878::they don't even play the same position.. what are you talking about?
mikeyp2307::so the cavs are on the brink of having a playoff caliber team, 3 years after losing a top 10 player when its all said and done, and their "terrible". funny.
mikeyp2307::go cavs
clevelandbci::Unless we get a top-tier Center I'd never trade Andy.  He plays at 110% and his energy is infectious from his teammates to the upper rafters.  Good game from the guys we've expected to produce, and a nice addition made by Dion.  Great win guys.  GO CAVSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Mr. Bradford::Not bad play from the Cavs tonight. The D only gave up 84 and held the Wizards to 15 in the 2nd. Sure the Wizards suck, but hey, a win is a win.
ChurchSC::Cavs looked strong against a team that didn't have such a strong starting 5. But that's alright with me. Varejao showed how good he really is going up against Okafor like that and shutting him down in the rebound department. TT picked up a double double. Waiters dropped 17. I would like to see him pick his shot efficiency up. Kyrie dropping 29 like a beast. I really want him to pick his assist number up this season. It's tough arguing with people about Kyrie being a better "point guard" than Rubio cause they always bring up assists. More efficient scoring from the rest of our team should pick that up this year. Gibson looked hot. We still can't be giving out turnovers like we did. We also had some terrible shot selections leading to the Wizards blocking the hell out of us. Especially Alonzo and CJ. Excited for the rest of the season!
agent_three_oh::Half of AV's assists were hockey assists from Kyrie. At least three touch passes from AV to TT alone.
Rickster7218::Waiters could have had more pts, was open on the wings a lot and he didn't get the ball.  Also he got to the rack but didn't get the calls he should have.  Irving shot lights out last night everything was going in.  It was a good win for the Cavs....
ChurchSC::That is true, I never thought of that. Nice point.
DrawohWasHere::I'd also like to point out that in a princeton O the idea is to move/pass until you get the open man.   On any given night that means any given player or position may get the most assists as we saw last night with andy.    Tristan was wide open all night long as TT threw the hammer down non-stop.
ChurchSC::That's why I have point guard in quotations. Many people think of point guards like Nash and the assisters of the league. Which is true, but I feel like the point guard position has kind of transformed over the years into a scoring role.
DrawohWasHere::I think a lot of traditional position roles have changed over the years.    I agree with you.
DrawohWasHere::I wouldn't worry about what the timberwolf fans think of assists.    Mo Williams would win an assist "title" if he could dish to K Love.
Euro-Hoops::That second unit for the Cavs is wretched.  D_Waiters is for real though.  They have some good young peices.
fastballsliders1976::Shooting 35.6% from the field and getting out-rebounded 54-39 will get you beat every time.
fastballsliders1976::Cavs looked good last night, but also they played the horrible Wizards. The Wizards leading scorer was Ariza with only 9pts..............LOL
DrawohWasHere::who is better,   Wizards or the Lakers?
Rickster7218::Great Win, Great D by Neon Dion.......It's only the first game but a win is a win no matter who its' against....
Cincinnati_Reds_Fan::I'm a Cavs fan but lets be honest here, we beat up on probably the worst team in the league.  This win means nothing.  At best we are a patch work team.  For heavens sake Sloan and Walton played 13 minutes.  Our team is a joke.  Kyrie/ Varejao are the only bright spots on the team.  Waiters has potential but TT is terrible.  I don't care if you disagree with me, but he would be a bench player for most teams.  Gee is a ball hog who takes stupid shots and Daniel Gibson should be on the Wizards.  Its going to be a long season.
agent_three_oh::Ummm... 81 games to go!
jasonxxx102::Honestly TT is a great hustle player and can definitely put up a double double with regular consistency
GetEmJov::yeah I agree, I still think we need a upgrade at Small Forward though and could use another shooter off the bench (JJ Reddick or Kyle Korver type).
DrawohWasHere::Not sure whom that'll be, but yes.   SF is in need of a make-over.
DrawohWasHere::then again, this is probably from someone that thought Bradley Beale was better than Waiters.   lol   Then again, I'd have wanted Beale before the draft as well.    Glad to see Grant picked it right yet again.      Waiters schooled Beale.     Rookie teaching the other rookie on how to play in the NBA.
DrawohWasHere::Yupp.   I agree.   Tried to move up, but possibly ended up with the better player.   WAY too early to tell, but it was sweet watching this matchup last night.
GetEmJov::Grant would have picked Beal if he was available but Waiters might turn into a stud
DrawohWasHere::Tristan Thompson?     The dude is a beast.    Try watching a game or two.    You'll love his game.     OH... and as Kevin Love would attest to, double doubles is a thing of beauty.
NMaZe23::Disagree on plenty points right here. First of all, once John Wall and Nene come back for the Wiz, I think they will be solid. I think if healthy, they can compete for a low seed in the playoffs. They had a winning record after the acquired Nene last year, and now they are growing more.  Second, Waiters looked like he can be a stud one day, and thats after his first career NBA game. While Thompson might be a bench player on most teams, he's that high energy guy that teams would love to have. If he can do what he did last night, every night then I'll be satisfied.
denobsosu::the Reds made a great playoff run.....
kevthecavsfan::Dion Waiters has a D Wade type game...watch how his game grows; he is tougher than a 2 dollar Steak
DrawohWasHere::I think you've been watching way too many American Hogger shows.   Like me.    :)
johnchi-town1234::Only if the Lakers had Scott.................
Dogeater878::nah.. Lakers always have needed a baby sitter not a hard nosed coach.
LBJ_MVP_NOT_1_BUT_8::high point man for the Wizards was a bench player with 11 lmao.. gonna be last in the east again DC
mrdude4290::I'm pissed off now that I couldn't get Varejao on my fantasy team.
quickbr0wnf0x::Though his valuable contributions don't always show up in the box score in such an awe-inspiring fashion.
pottttts::Fun game to watch, lots of energy.Enjoyed watching Kyrie, Dion, and TT walking up court together. Exciting young nucleus. Only one game, but off to a good start. GO CAVS!!
GetEmJov::Dion Waiters is going to be a Beast on the defensive side of the Ball! He is going to have his growing pains this year but I already see he is going to make a impact on the defensive side especially when it comes to man on man defense.
CavsPatsBucks27::you  are exactly right , but needs more work a little bit
CavsPatsBucks27::Good game Cavs, but dont go too far and saying we are going to the playoffs we are too early to know, but i hope so because I believe are team is built good GO CAVS
agent_three_oh::We're going to the playoffs...
SodaPoP PIMPski2::same with tristan
GetEmJov::As A Die Hard Cavaliers fan, I just dont see how other cavs fans would ever want to trade Varejao unless it was to bring in a All Star Caliber Center or Small Forward.  The guy has a non stop motor and is always hustling and brings a certain energy to the team and crowd when he is playing.  Im just glad he is finally healthy, hopefully we can build on this win.  We still have a ways till we can play with the elite in the East but we are taking steps in the right direction.
GetEmJov::T Square = Tristan Thompson
kevthecavsfan::When T square really learns how to play, we will make some noise.  I enjoyed watching my Cavs last night; no matter what i will always ride or die with them!  Varejao is one of the best WORKERS in the league...he plays with passion and he's loyal to the 216
DrawohWasHere::who or what is "T-Square"?
quickbr0wnf0x::He also provides great inspiration and example to his teammates.
GetEmJov::Thats true, I read a article that Tristan Thompson said that Varejao inspires him to hustle more, he said when you see a teammate going all out and playing hard, It only makes you want to do the same.
LBJ_MVP_NOT_1_BUT_8::what a game!.. Cavs are the second worst team in the league now
Bruno0341::It is good to see someone really show their support for President Lyndon B Johnson. He started the war on poverty and had to take over in the difficult times after the JFK assassination.  Although I do agree in the rankings of Most Valued President, Johnson wouldn't be number 1..you say 8 but I would probably rank him lower.
quickbr0wnf0x::I'm glad to see you are such a big fan of Lyndon B Johnson!   Not a bad president...
LBJ_MVP_NOT_1_BUT_8::Lebron u duck
SodaPoP PIMPski2::scared heat fan
seahawks2395::too far..
seahawks2395::cavs talk about the playoffs this early! come on now anybody that lives in cleveland like me! knows how cleveland is...it wont happen
NMaZe23::Do we really need another great draft again? I personally we have all the building blocks we need at the moment with Kyrie, Tristan, Waiters, Zeller, and even Gee. A great draft is always great, but I personally don't think we need another top 5 pick to compete.
DrawohWasHere::I'll agree, but disagree with the Gee part.   I like his hustle and could have a place on the team as such, but no, we need help at the 3 asap.     However, I'm with you in that the Cavs no longer need a top 5 pick.    Could they USE one?   Yes.    But if they draft with what they have and/or make some good trades yet again, they could have that SF.
quickbr0wnf0x::Cavs have a ton of draft picks and salary flexibility.   They have potential to make trades or sign free agents, should the right situation arise.  If you can win, you do so.   You have to develop a winning atmosphere ASAP.
SodaPoP PIMPski2::im on the fence...i would like playoffs but we need another solid draft
seahawks2395::exactly! thats what cleveland hopes for right now! is to keep rebuilding the team
Tim Tebow is just New York hype::Well I live in Cleveland... I hope this team doesnt make playoffs and gets a good draft pick. Then you'll have by far the youngest with a veteran in andy.
zipclassic::Andy won't even be on this team mid season. He'll get shipped off for a pick.
dabatl::I love the win, but I'm not going to jump on the "Cavs are making the playoffs" bandwagon just yet. We played at home against a thin Wizards team (no John Wall, no clear victory). That said, I was thrilled with how Waiters came out to play. If we can get that kind of production from him each night then he is truly worthy of that pick. And I really believe that this is one of 50 double doubles for TT this year. He'll definitely be a nice surprise. The rest of our success falls on how Zeller develops, how Gee/Miles does from the 3 spot, and how healthy we can stay. Go Cavs!!!
tim8672joseph::cavs are 4seed this year....definitely make playoffs though
NuttyBuckeyes 8.0::They didn't choke. Sweet!
GOTRIBE0101::waiters surprised me a lot, i didnt know he was going to be that good.
sgafsetomorpnpse::Cavs have a nice thing going. They should make a push for .500 this year. Maybe the 8th seed.
RJBBoston::yep, if they had lebron with this team it would be a many-peat
DrawohWasHere::who's that?
DeerandBeer91::nah
GOTRIBE0101::anything is possible this year, tell you the truth i kinda hope they dont so they get another high draft pick next year. bc im thinking they need one more piece to the puzzle
Cappiethedog::C'mon, Cleveland, make Lebron nostalgic.
quickbr0wnf0x::I think he means Pierre Lebrun, the hockey player.
coltranesteelkirt::Who?
guiltykobe::hjl
guiltykobe::Kobe's starting to get scared of that one on one match...
DrawohWasHere::I don't think it would be fair at all.    I mean look at how the old man stacked up last night.    Pathetic.  The real question is;    Who is better the Wizards or the Lakers?
RJBBoston::you dont challenge your uncle to a one on one - not fair!
iCarly is cancelled. There is no God::<b>VAR-E-JAO  2012-2013 MVP</b>
junoNCAL::this game was relevant  -said by nobody
Tim Tebow is just New York hype::Flagged.
Sbml777::Verejao, wow
subedis1::Don't trade Andy....he alone has more heart than entire teams like the Knicks....  A young team like this needs a veteran leader like Andy...  TT is improving, Zeller will be a stud, and we have quite the backcourt.....add in potentially 3 firsts and 2 seconds next draft, which I hope turns into 2 top 15 picks....rebuild over, screw free agency
vancomfan::waiters or oj mayo??
RJBBoston::sounds like you have hot sauce in your pants!
agent_three_oh::Dion Waiters puts the hot sauce in the bag.
kinsman135::Hot Sauce in my bag, Hot Sauce in my bag, all i need is Hot sauce in my bag.
Bringing.The.Facts::Lol at who the Wizards top performer is.
Its all my fault::Cavs&gt;Lakers
bungcisco::cool unis
Archbob1::Wow did Varejao decide to starting being an All-star today?
seahawks2395::varejao would have been an all-star last year he averaged 11 offensive rebounds a game..then he got injured
Strobes503::Wizards, you might have had a chance had you been able to start your bench considering they scored more points for you tonight than your weak starters... haha. Damn, good luck Wiz fans, it's going to be a long year.
bradyandjrich::Maybe because the starting group is missing two players? Nene and, obviously, John Wall, are key for the team. Wizards need their best player.
Bus Driver Uppercut::Irvingsanity!!!
Tim Tebow is just New York hype::lol @ your name.  rta ftw
