Kyle Matchell::The spurs are 20-5 won without Parker went to the finals last yr to those who think they are washed up you really need to catch up on current events. If it were not for Pop taking duncan out of game 6 in the finals and missed free throws it would be ring number 5. They are hot! And they are a better second half of season team. Best coach in league no egos and the spurs would have 6 or more rings if not for a .4 sec shot by Fischer in 04 ((clock started late)) the lakers three peat and last yrs game 6. Suns fans dislike San Antonio because we dominated you the last decade except for one sweep and Robert ((big shot bob)) horry putting the hurt on Steve I'm to laid back I put my wife to sleep during intercourse Nash, with a great pick. Me a die hard spurs fan never worried about the suns ever. In the playoffs the game slows down and diantoni had no half court offense. I will say I like this suns team and wish them luck. They have size and that's a good place to start. Game one back in 06 or 08 where Duncan hit that three that was drawn up for him was so great! San Antonio a 5o game or more wins every season since duncan even in a lockout season. The spurs with the best winning percentage in all 4 major US sports since 1998 one word DYNASTY!!!!
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::its just angry trolls dude. spurs are the team of the decade and they just cant stand it. its jealousy. spurs are a top notch team this season also and they also cant stand that lol
Terry Dean Riley::They are washed up the age will start to show round mid season
David Garcia::Terry, your comment is washed up. Try something else while the Spurs keep winning and making people like you look stupid for wishing and praying the Spurs go away.
Junior May::It amazes me that Duncan is almost 40 years old and still have the Spurs on top.   Meanwhile,  Kobe is 34 and look where the Lakers are.  Duncan is the best PF ever.  Should have had another ring last year.    It's just amazing to see this guy in action.
Ryan Kenneth Leddy::I never thought I would see a basketball team that was more entertaining than the Seven Seconds Or Less Suns with Nash, Amare, Marion, and Crew. However, this Suns team may actually be a more entertaining....This team is incredible. No one has an ego, everyone plays at 100%. The offense is just so dynamic. Dragic and Bledsoe are the best backcourt in the league. When Frye is hot from three, it stretches out that defense and allows Bledsoe and Dragic clear paths to the basket to either take it to the hole, no look pass to Plumlee for the thunderous dunk, or Tucker in the corner.   Suns have good amount of cap space and loads of draft picks. This team has a chance to be special for the foreseeable future.
Tatyana Kuptsevich::Missed the first half, which apparently featured horrendous defense, but the second half looked good. The Spurs made their defensive adjustments, Manu is still clutch in the 4th, and Patty has been fantastic on D this season. CoJo is pesky, but inexperienced and ends up fouling too easily. Hope they are not too tired for the GSW tomorrow, that's another tough team, especially with Iggy back.
Michael Robertson::Very Indepth Tatyana. Ur actually know wut u r
Michael Robertson::Talkin about. You obviously studied Pop long  enough to know h cares nothing about the 1st half of the season but staying healthy. We have a system thats like a well oiled machine. Over time everyone else weeds themselves out tryin to out do each other. We just WIN.
Terry Dean Riley::Of course they will be going up against those young guns
Mike Wagener::Spurs NEED this win tonight.  Yes, I said NEED.  It's disappointing to see that they have not yet beat any of the elite teams in the West (or the league for that matter).  Tonight is a must win.  GO SPURS!
Tatyana Kuptsevich::There are no must-win games in December. It's trial and error time. Testing lineups and new tactics, reviewing errors and making adjustments, etc. Pop doesn't even let them watch opposing teams' films until second half of the season as they focus on their own game.
Ben Gburek::Thank you for calling the Suns elite. I haven't gotten the chance to hear that for a long time
Mike Wagener::Tatyana Kuptsevich , I totally disagree, so I guess we'll agree to disagree.  My basis is that home court advantage is VITAL in the playoffs and last time I checked the December games counted toward the total win/loss column.
Fred Behney::Suns get mugged = No Call ...   Spurs miss shot = Foul called
Tatyana Kuptsevich::Lol, what game were you watching? I like Eric Bledsoe's game, but his flopping would make Chris Paul blush. The Suns got a freebie 4 point play in the 3rd when the refs imagined a foul on Dragic at the 3 pt line and T'd Pop for being upset. There was an away from the ball foul because the Spurs had one to give, but no one touched Dragic or would be stupid enough to foul him at the 3. Terrible officiating last night for sure, but complaining about the refs each time your team loses is plain pathetic. The Spurs are the last in the league in free throws and they shoot a lot in the paint.
Kevin Kuzel::Another chance to see if this Suns team is for real.  Love the way they have played all season.
Jordan Luongo::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0XV84e6QOPM&feature=youtu.be
Kyle Matchell::They've been saying that for yrs terry  I'm not saying they will win the west but they will be in contention and like I said earlier they are a second half of season team, and pop managing there minutes Duncan and ginobli will be fine. Picking up Marco bellinli genius
Mike Wagener::I agree, Belly was a HUGE pickup - the one NO ONE talked about.
Aking Balintataw::Do you think Ginobili's game is back? He's  been consistent for the past few games...
Fred Behney::He looks decent .. of course when you are allowed to travel all the time, take 4 steps, and get fouls whenever you miss its not hard
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::Fred Behney angry suns fan huh?
Aking Balintataw::I think the TO's are still there... when it comes to crucial plays, there is a high percentage that he will make a mistake
Ayn Bland::Time to put ol' Timmy out to pasture or maroon him on an ice floe.
Fred Behney::Uncan should have retired in 2004 when Stoudamire humiliated him for 6 straight games
Alice Soefje::Folks have been saying that ever since he was 25.
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::u guys are too funny haha
Vas Mehr::Spurs win by atleast 7 points. Any questions? I thought so.
Barry N McCockiner::If you're such a psychic why didn't you buy a lottery ticket yesterday?
Brandon Duenas::Article on the Suns win streak and the DragonBlade! http://isportsweb.com/2013/12/15/phoenix-suns-win-5th-straight-game/
Zachary Hogrefe::Patty Mills will fill in just fine for parker tonight
Barry N McCockiner::Dragic and Bledsoe gonna put up 58 points and 16 assists.
Jeremy Lugo::The Spurs set the Suns, lol, Go Spurs Go!!!!!
Adam Rodriguez::Bledsoe and Dragic are so good with each other! One of the best duos in the league!
Barry N McCockiner::Slash Bros!!!
Fred Behney::2nd time this year the Suns beat the Spurs ...
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::really? the end of those two games differ buddy
Eddie Cruz::Second game we could have put these Spurs away and Hornacek just sits on his a$$ instead of coaching. Bledsoe had no business being in the 4th with his atrocious shot. If a team offers him anything more than 7M a year, then we need to pass. Not worth it at all, why weren't we running plays directly to Markieff instead of screen and pass back to Dragic and Bledsoe? Disappointing
Tatyana Kuptsevich::The Spurs are usually very good in the 4th, especially on defense. Not Hornacek's fault - he seems to be doing great with this team. This Suns team just doesn't have enough experience in closing out games, which is the Spurs' specialty. They did a fantastic job, though. I enjoy watching them, especially when they are not playing the Spurs.
Eddie Cruz::Tatyana Kuptsevich Score was knotted at 95 and we had three chances to take the lead, and Bledsoe kept taking contested shots. He should have opted to put in Gerald Green to space the floor for Dragic. Spurs knew Dragic and Bledsoe weren't going to kill them on the outside so they just contained the middle. I enjoy watching them too, but I think Hornacek needs to find a better rotation and get the ball to Markieff a bit more.
Bill Golamb::As utterly terrible as the officiating was last night, you would have thought the Spurs were playing a home game instead of being on the road. The Spurs got tons of ticky tack BS calls whereas the Suns were downright mugged on numerous occasions and got nothing. Pathetic.
Mike Wagener::You know, without you mentioning it I just knew you were a Kleenex Suns fan.
Bill Golamb::Mike Wagener You know, when reading the banality that was your comment I just knew that my shits given counter would remain at a steadfast zero.
Terry Dean Riley::Suns doing much better than expected thus far this season  has been in every game very unexpected this season they are still ahead of the game  as some so call experts say
James A Cann::ESPN's preview mentioned nothing about Parker's injury...and even stated the Spurs had no injuries for this game...bettin' the house on the Suns!
Michael Killebrew::With Parker out Kawhi has to step up and be the star he is being molded to be. I would love to see him average close to 20 while Parker is out.
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::well two things. yes kawhi has to demand the ball more, but, coach pop needs to run more plays for him also
Eddie Cruz::Seriously Bledsoe? I wonder if he ever practiced a jump shot in his life? Absolutely throwing up bricks all game.
Christopher Couser Dc::Well, with some help from the refs that was a close game..smh Spurs gotta play better tomorrow thats for sure.
Fred Behney::Anytime the final score has you within 20 pts of Spurs you know you won the game ..  officials give them 20 points per game
Pierrick Behar::Yeap, and they've been doing it for 15 years right ? The Spurs have always been so attractive for the national audience that the NBA helps them get to the conference finals almost every year ... listen to yourself ...
Christopher Couser Dc::lmao..you guys got so many bs calls..cry me a river.
Alice Soefje::I know you hate the Spurs, but do you  have to be be blind to really believe that. What incentive would the league have to cheat for the Spurs. The Spurs in the finals are the league's worst nightmare. Remember, those old, slow boring Spurs that no one wants to watch. Pathetic that you can't get past your hate enough to watch a Spurs game objectively. You might be surprised just how good they really are.
