918Pokes::"I think we've done a great job of taking care of business. Scotty emphasizes and tells us that we need to play a better fourth quarter, but we haven't played one yet," Westbrook said. "So maybe he'll change his mind on that one."  Classic.
4 Petes Sake::KD V  Dem sh.its are ICE COLD
Sonic_Sooner::Don't look now, but Maynor looked better last night than he has all season.  I think the month on the bench was just what the doctor ordered to strengthen his knee (it's now been 13 months since the ACL tear - standard healing time for everyone on earth not named Adrian Peterson).  LOOK OUT if he gets his game back by the playoffs!  I'm now hoping he doesn't get traded.  He knows the Thunder players and plays better than any backup PG we could get in a trade (i.e., another Derrick Fisher), and if he's 85-90% of himself from 2011, he should be on the team.
Obi One Ginobili 20::Oklahoma teams, Ohio teams, and florida teams will,always be the disappointment to all sports. They will always be the.floor mat for the other teams to wipe their feet on
bolax944::Yes, the Thunder (Oklahoma) and the Heat (Florida) were by far the worst two teams in the NBA last year.  Total floor mats.  Moron.
Westjag::I've been heavily criticizing Perkins most of the year, but I have to give credit where its due. The man has  STEPPED UP his game this past month or so. I'm telling you all Thabo &amp; Perkins need is the greenlight to contribute on offense and that confidence and contribution is all we need for OKC to get back to the finals  and WIN. LBJ &amp; D Wade didn't kill us on their own. They got others involved that made the headlines.
Sonic_Sooner::Agreed.  When OKC hammered the Heat in OKC during the regular season last year, Perkins had a HUGE offensive game.  He should score double digits against the Heat, or not play.  The Heat's small lineup gives him no one to lock down in the post, so if he isn't making them pay on offense, OKC should go small with them.  The Valentine's Day game is going to be very interesting, starting with Perk.
BoomShakaLuka::The Suns are propping up Michael Beasley ever since the Gentry fire to increase his trade value.   As a Suns fan, it's a disgrace what's happened to this franchise. Robert Sarver is the worst owner ever. He destroyed an incredible 2010 Suns team that was on the brink of the NBA finals.  I know Nash couldn't play forever, and Amare had bad knees, but those two guys have been shells of their former selves since leaving Phoenix. The Suns had the best medical staff. Ask Shaq, Grant Hill, and Michael Redd the same.
Greenshoekid::OKC is in so many ways better than the Suns and most teams. But I'm sick preferential treatment for certain teams and players. OKC talking to officials for minutes about one call. Jared Dudley's offensive foul. Anyone breathing on Durant gets called. I love Durant as a scorer, but I don't think he or his team needs any extra help
remy 88::Well, So I was born Okie, went to Dallas and pulled for the Mavs, still do, but I like the Thunder more now...I've watched TParker, DWade, GInobli, Dirk, Carlisle, Pop, etc. work the refs harder than they played or coach the game.
Obi One Ginobili 20::So your a bandwagon who switched teams when mavs r playing bad.
TimInfinitiByond::I was listening to the Cleveland broadcast against the Thunder and their Color Guy put it perfectly, "you have to earn your way in this league," which undeniably Westbrook and Durant have done. They have every right to talk to the officials, as does any other player. Quite frankly, if you're not working the officials, you're losing the game to begin with.  Preferential treatment,? oh definitely. just the way the game is officiated these days, but if you're a superstarless team, you have to play smarter... and hope that KD doesn't shread you for 40 lol
remy 88::Plus, Durant didn't attack tonight so much and he didn't go to the foul line. Of course, the haters will ignore this.
remy 88::It's an old thing. It's been done by every team that's won the title for many years now. I'm a homer, but I think we're less guilty than the last four teams to win a title. I assure you, Heat, Mavs, Spurs, Lakers, and Cs all work the refs hard and heavy. Flopping has been much worse in the past, especially with Heat, Mavs and Spurs. But they all kind of learned it from each other.
roolthecool7499::KD is the best!
thank you based flacco::
loodakris5928::didnt watch the game! but 8 turnovers! HELL YEAH!
remy 88::So...we have Suns Sunday and Utah Tuesday. Spurs have Brooklyn Sunday and Bulls Monday. Can we also be the first team with 40 wins?
UCOscoop85::Ibaka with 4 assists again? What is goin on?
Sonic_Sooner::Scary as it may sound, the game is only now starting to slow down for Ibaka.  His improvement is steady and is now accelerating.  He's just starting to see the whole floor during games.  You can see him growing game by game, and he's nowhere NEAR his ceiling as a player.
remy 88::Perk needs a parade.
Pete2026::If KD doesn't get the scoring title this year, it will be because he never gets to play in the 4th quarter.
KDs_swagger::Well not trying to brag but I picked okc to win by 21 so yeah I'm amazing
ThunderHornz::Please-do it again!
sooner1980wb20::If Perkins could get 17&amp;9 on a regular... we would be unbeatable
TimInfinitiByond::Draft pick...
remy 88::If he could get 7 and 9 we'd be unstoppable.
UCOscoop85::Thing is the 9 has been recently happening on a regular basis. He is improving.
ThunderHornz::I see the heat trolls are pounding their wee chests because they beat the Clips-with 3 key players first game back from injury.
ThunderHornz::Wow-just.....wow!
STL-OKST-OKC::I'm really spoiled to be a Thunder, Cardinal, &amp; Cowboy fan. I'm no bandwagon of any, either.
UCOscoop85::wow me too. Dad and grandpa went to OSU. They were Redbird fans... Rubbed off on me. OKC is my NBA team and I was a Sonics fan because Payton was my favorite player when I was young because that is my first name. lol
remy 88::I can safely say I've never loved Sef and Perk more than I do tonight. Then bad@ss dunks from both KD and Russ. Solid performance from KMart and Ibaka. Reggie and Collison did work. Great to be a Thunder fan.
gill1023::despite him having a good game for once offensively, it is the dumbest coaching to play Beasley that much. He plays no defense and doesn't involve the team on offense. Where is Jared Dudley?
remy 88::Beasly shouldn't handle the ball. He's a doofus dribbling up the court and turns the ball over if you breathe on him, but he put some solid work in on the offensive side. He's not god awful defensively, but he always gets caught in a really bad looking play.
PINKYCUZ-OKC::I see OKC do things on 2K13 and say, man, whatever. Then I see them do it in real life. Life is good.
STL-OKST-OKC::Man, whatever. Hahaha
remy 88::STL-OKST-OKC, I hope you're right and I'm wrong, bruh. More than you, probably, but I don't see it there. We're a very dangerous team to play against, for sure, and very equipped to be a Cinderella team the tournament. I hope Smart and Nash and everyone except Jurick plays again next year, but I'm not sold on Smart yet.
Bevonator69::OKC will take back that #1 seed Sunday.
whitesoxchamps168::Kendrick perkins had the same # of points as westbrook? Is the world coming to a end.
bigalz72::Westbrook took more shots than Durant again, so everything is normal here.
remy 88::if that's what you say, bruh
Sun Devils-Diamondbacks-Cardinals-Suns::Man,the Suns were bad in the 2nd half. I know OKC is easily the best team in the west,but still,5 points in 9 minutes to start the 3rd quarter. We were as bad as Kansas was on Wednesday. While the Suns can't make the playoffs,my hope is that we will win 30 games. Not feeling too likely. What's worse is the we might end up with the worst record in the west. How tragic is that. What a terrible year. :(
remy 88::I haven't watched KU ball much this year but Okstate gave 'em the biz and then the TCU game. Do they have a problem?
remy 88::gotcha. No one can handle the ball?
Sun Devils-Diamondbacks-Cardinals-Suns::Their point guard situation is dire.
James Harden 3 point Celebration::Kansas sucked so bad
bigalz72::Adleast they cant be worst in the East. That conference is horse sh.it terrible.
Sun Devils-Diamondbacks-Cardinals-Suns::Between the Bobcats,the Wizards,and the Magic,they have some pretty bad teams in the east. And no competition for playoff berths with 8 teams over.500 and 7 clearly under .500.
Jsatt1002::Man I'm a KU fan, and nothing was as bad as that bs I saw on Wednesday
STL-OKST-OKC::remy 88 - I'm a Pokes fan,alumnus, I've been watching the games, but I don't see Smart as an NBA player.  ___  Does anyone agree here? Because I couldn't disagree more.
remy 88::Smart will make it in the NBA, but I think PJ3 has more potential. Especially since guards are generally more talented in today's game than forwards. And guards come more ready to play. I'm not giving up on PJ3 yet.
STL-OKST-OKC::Ohh okayy. I see, you could be right :) Hopefully you are because I don't see Perry going anywhere soon
remy 88::Yes, I know. That's why I was saying give PJ3 more time to acclimate because he is a forward and playing as a guy freshly 20 against guys 5+ years older.
STL-OKST-OKC::Smart is the Guard, and PJ3 is the forward.
STL-OKST-OKC::Thunder fans have a lot to be excited about come draft time... lol I'm giddy. 3 first round picks (possible trade bait for a top 3 pick).
SMS4Hou::Perry jones drafted late..  There's lots of hope for this years picks too.  Not sure where to shore up, though.
podirk::It is bottom 20 protected..roll to next year
podirk::Only 2 first nd pick...don't get Dallas this yr
remy 88::ya, it's Houston's picks this year and next year we get an extra one also.
STL-OKST-OKC::What? What happened?
James Harden 3 point Celebration::we build teams the right way
STL-OKST-OKC::No doubt.
James Harden 3 point Celebration::man if we could have this perkins in the playoffs....
bigalz72::This was probably Perkins best game of his career.
cauigu::westbrook's dunk? damn!
STL-OKST-OKC::Can't wait to see them on my DVR tonight
remy 88::I know. KD's dunk too. Just giving me life.
ASUBBALLFAN21::Dragic=only good player on suns.
oblique15::Damn Perkins beast mode I c lol
remy 88::On serious note, KD was lights out from 3, and that dunk was EVERYTHING, but his mid range game has struggled since he took the shot to the ribs. I'm pretty sure he was wearing the vest again tonight. Hope that gets cleared up soon.
FadeBackShootAirBall::better to struggle now than in the playoffs
STL-OKST-OKC::Come draft time, we should trade our 3 first round draft picks (1 of those could be a lottery pick) and Perry Jones III in exchange for a top 3 pick. If we made that trade, here are 5 possible players we could draft: Marcus Smart, Anthony Bennett, Nerlens Noel, Ben McLemore, Shabazz Muhammad. I personally would love to see Marcus Smart. That guy is the ultimate competitor. But maybe this team could use a true backup C for Perkins (Noel). Or a backup SF for Durant (Bennett, Shabazz). But if Martin leaves, maybe we'll want to replace him with Lamb &amp; McLemore. We make that trade, a lot of great things could come of it.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Yea but they usual don't play for the the top title contender from their conference. .
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::KMart is going no where. Heck he has said he has waited his whole career to play on a team like this. Why would he get what he wanted just to say no I don't want it no more. I don't see him leaving at all.
remy 88::Well, guys say things like that all the time, but we're gonna pay him. He's not going anywhere.
remy 88::More important. Kmart goes no where. Bert and Ernie lookin $@%.
remy 88::KMart looks like Bert from Bert and Ernie.
STL-OKST-OKC::Bert and Ernie? Lol I'm confused.
remy 88::I bleed Orange, but Marcus Smart is not better than PJ3. I say patience on PJ3. I think he's just immature.
remy 88::He's very JamesOn Curry to me.
STL-OKST-OKC::Wow.
remy 88::I'm a Pokes fan,alumnus, I've been watching the games, but I don't see Smart as an NBA player.
STL-OKST-OKC::About PJ3 being better than Smart. Blah.
STL-OKST-OKC::I couldn't disagree more.
Jsatt1002::I'd say Mclemore....just bc I'm a KU fan lol haha
Jsatt1002::STL-OKST-OKC - Lol, and I'd prefer Smart for the same reason. But yes, I'd LOVE Ben to play here. Definitely a future lock at Shooting Guard. And it's possible we could get him if Martin is to leave.  True
STL-OKST-OKC::Lol, and I'd prefer Smart for the same reason. But yes, I'd LOVE Ben to play here. Definitely a future lock at Shooting Guard. And it's possible we could get him if Martin is to leave.
FadeBackShootAirBall::how in the hell does kendrick perkins get 17 points
cauigu::because gortat is garbage
FadeBackShootAirBall::lol
cauigu::Lebron is a finished product, yes we know this.  Kevin Durant is only beginning to tap his potential.  This childish debate is apples and oranges.  Was Lebron this good at Durant's age?  Hardly.
cauigu::we're not talking about kd now.  we're talking about kd in his thirties.  thirty lbs heavier.  just look at his weight progression since he entered the league.  and you're fooling yourself if you think he'd be a true post forward.  that would waste his skills.  he's proved at the international level he can already defend bigs well, he played center in college so he knows the nuances, the moves and the fundamentals of the position.
cauigu::the koolaid drinkers are still here!@destructoid
cauigu::perhaps, but kd is growing  too.  and all scouts and analysts say he is destined for the post as an older player too, just as LeBron is.  just imagine what kd can do with slow power forwards having to check him.
Kaultar::He'd get rolled.  He could post up SG / shorter SF though.
Destruct0id::Actually he was better then Durant in pretty much everything except shooting when he was Durant's age.
FadeBackShootAirBall::yes lebron in his 2nd year avg 27.6 ppg 7 rebounds and 7 assist
Jsatt1002::As chiseled and huge as lbj is, his body will only get more and more banged up he spends so many minutes on the court and in the paint that he can only keep up his dominance for so long. kD on the other hand is more perimeter oriented than lebron
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::I have question, tell me how a past title helps any team any sport. Win a title in the current season.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Oh it doesn't. That's right. Spurs fans make laugh.
ASUBBALLFAN21::The only piece that the suns have is dragic and the way beasley is playing maybe a bench scorer.
cauigu::wow, the LeBron brown nosers are out in full force.
remy 88::Out of how lame they are, they sent the lamest here tonight. Poooooor trolling.
ThunderFresh::and their captian Mikeferrari(gay name) is here to supervise their trash talk
remy 88::one time Mike blew a guy with a ferrari.
Mikeferrari23...::Tonight magic said Lebron just might be the greatest player ever.  I agree
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::What a lie magic never said that tonight.
remy 88::didn't
ThunderFresh::obviously you've been riding his dick in a chat room that has nothing to do with the heat, so good for $@%!$@% you
Mikeferrari23...::They'll be talking about lebron and the heats performance all day on espn tomorrow I suggest y'all check it out
remy 88::They'll have KD's dunk #1 sportcenter
Jsatt1002::I'd rather sit in a tub of acid.
ThunderFresh::and oddly it made me think of breaking bad
ThunderFresh::actually laughed out loud
I am the lahh::Durant vs Lebron finals for next 15 years. Then take a break. Then 7 more years.
Jsatt1002::Lol this is the second coming of magic vs bird
STL-OKST-OKC::Oh my godddddd. I'm sick of Toronto winning games. Still hate that Gay trade!!
ThunderFresh::i suppose your right about the draft pick, but i think we'll be fine regardless =] plus i like Canada so im biased
STL-OKST-OKC::Haha ohhhh ok.
Jsatt1002::What was so gay about the trade? :)
remy 88::Gay puns get lame real quick, but that wasn't bad at all. :)
STL-OKST-OKC::Haaaa. Well if you're being seriou...  We have their first round draft pick, and right now the pick is around 8-10 range. He's making them win games...
ThunderFresh::don't worry about other teams doing bad, worry about our team doing good. don't be a hater
STL-OKST-OKC::Dude, we have their first round draft pick! We need te highest we can get.
ThunderFresh::even when the heat aren't involved in the damn game their fans come to this board and talk $@%!, more $@%! talking from heat fans than Suns fans, that's why Suns fans&gt; heat fans.
Mikeferrari23...::Go look at how many more shot attempts durant and Westbrook average over Lebron and wade and then ask yourself why KD and Wes avrg more points.
remy 88::pulling it out of you @ss tonight, I see. There's not much difference at all.
Jsatt1002::You're pathetic .
I am the lahh::Durant's one of my favorite players. But as Magic Johnson has said: If you want to win a championship you get Lebron. If you want to win a scoring title you get Durant.
Jsatt1002::Magic never said that
remy 88::Mike was ready to buy it, though. These short diqqed know-nothings are pathetic.
I am the lahh::Lol. I know. Just seeing who would buy it.
Mikeferrari23...::Yeah he did
Koballhog::if i want to win a championship im getting MJ or Shaq.
Koballhog::I am the lahh - They don't play any more.  im getting KD anyways.
I am the lahh::They don't play any more.
Koballhog::Durant best 4th quarter player and Westbrook was the 3rd best 4th quarter player last year... thats why they're better than LBJ and Wade...
Mikeferrari23...::Oh do that's why they won the finals
Jsatt1002::Lebron may be a better passer but kd is way better scorer
remy 88::It's closer than what you think, though. Have you seen some of KD's passes lately? They've been head spinners.
I am the lahh::Lebron is just a better faciliator than Durant. This cannot be denied. You can make excuses for the Heat not having a good pg, but lebron has been doing this his whole career. His court vision is the best in the game.
remy 88::He's had to be. I give him that credit. He's very versatile. There's things Durant does much better than Lebron as well.
James Harden 3 point Celebration::wrong board
