Alec Gonzalez::10-8
Cody Palmer::9-9
Tyler Moss::14-3
Buddy Dooley::Batum is 25.  What a talent out of France.  Viva Nicola!
Jody George Prats::Go to bed Laker fans. You never had a chance!
Zack Oliver::Right...a team of former scrubs down by one after being down 20 to start the 4th...lucky ya'll couldn't miss tonight
Tyler Moss::Lets start a new streak. Go Blazers!
Cody Palmer::Lakers fans before the game: We don't have Kobe, we will still win Lakers fans after they lose: If we had Kobe, we would have won.
Chase Sutherland::Is it any different than... Blazers fans before the game: Lakers suck see their record Blazers fans after the game: Lakers got lucky. We had an off night.
Richard Thaxton::I like this better.  Before the game, Portland 36 years without a title.  After the game, Portland 36 years without a title.
Don Layton::Richard Thaxton Before the game. Portland never had a rapist play for them. After the game, Portland never had a rapist play for them.
Scott Carter::Game over, and we're not even half way through the 1st quarter! lol
Meron Foto::Too soon man. Too soon!! lol
Don Layton::Meron Foto I agree. Way too soon for that.
Meron Foto::Don Layton  I'm just hoping Blazers don't blow the lead and lose by double digits. lol
Jody George Prats::Who on the Lakers accidentally made a shot?
Meron Foto::LOL
Silas Reyes::What the hell is a laker and what does it have to do with Los Angeles?
Silas Reyes::wouldn't a more fitting name be the Los Angeles gay community? They wear purple & gold and their best player in franchise history was a homo. Also most of their fans live in the valley, where they make gay porn.
Jordan Walker::The Lakers were originally from Minnesota, the land of Lakes, and that's where they got their name.
Nathan Siegel::The Lakers name originally came from Minnesota where they played. The M.P.L.S. Lakers played 1948-1959 in Minnesota. "The land of 10,000 lakes if you will." Why they didn't change it I have no idea.
Wild Silverback::BLAZERS !! finally !  lol
Kevin Grove::Goodbye Gasol... worse defensive center in the NBA the last three years.  Sacre has shown how to guard the paint, rotate and block out rebounders.  Gasol is a passive observer on D.  -25 with him in the game.  He has been slow and infuriating all season. Trade him for anything!
Cody Williams::TIL: Pau was terrible back when the Lakers won the championship in 2010.
Pedro Antonio Castaneda::Lakers did lose. Anyone that has been keeping up with this Laker team knows that they have the biggest heart in the league and are capable to be a contender to any elite team. Cannot wait to put Kobe Bryant #24 into the equation.
Jordan Walker::Should be a good game. Without Kobe the Blazers have a superior starting 5 while the Lakers have the superior bench. Lakers have best bench in the league while Blazers rank 25th in bench production. I think not having a bench will hurt the Blazers and the Lakers will win in a close one and keep up their good play as of late.   Let's go Lakers.
Pops Wazzu::Blazers bench much better of late, bit I agree with you overall. Still think PDX has what it takes to get back in the win column. Go Blazers!
Adam Youman::lakers with kobe still have a worse starting 5 than portland
Pops Wazzu::Adam Youman Agreed. I actually think we'd have a better chance of winning this game if Kobe was launching his usual 7 of 25. ;)
Rob Beria::Loving the excuses presented by Laker fans. Perhaps, just perhaps, Portland is actually that good and worthy of their record.   And maybe L.A. just sucks.
Corey Sharer::you did not see the whole game did you dude...stop trolling.
Fernando Rivera::Portland have an easier November schedule than the Lakers and we miss that Bryant fella, Portland has a good team but its not a world beater lets see them go 13-3 with a tougher schedule in December,the Lakers had the second toughest November schedule in the entire league and ended up at 500, and 13-3 or not the Blazers aint going nowhere in the playoffs just another 1st round exit like always. And the Lakers almost took this game.
Ryan Westberg::Well don't worry the Blazers will face OKC and The Pacers over the next 2 games this will bring that SOS up quite a bit.
Meron Foto::I just can't believe how this is possible--- a team leads 17..... blows the lead. Them by 20.... again it somehow finds a way to blow the lead. This is madness. lol
Chris Mijares::Time for Rip City to get it together and show the Fakers who the new kings of the West are.  I love this team... RIP CITY!
Ken Jay Basilla::just shows your a Laker Hater then. Blazers had a good run..Lets see then.
David Andaya Palafox::That's why it's rip city. One of those blazers will rip their knee and it's a wrap!
Don Layton::David Andaya Palafox Ah funny. Which team has a hurt star right now?
Sean Blaser::14-3  #ripcity
Cody Palmer::I don't expect the Lakers to win this one. My Blazers should win. Better team all around.
Jordan Walker::All around? The Lakers have a far superior bench and they are better from beyond the arc. The Lakers and Blazers are tied in rebounding. I don't think that's "all around"
Cody Palmer::Saying the Lakers have a "superior bench" and are better around the arc is laughable at best. You're a moron. Your benchsucks along with your 3-point shlotshooting or your record would say so otherwise lol
Jordan Walker::The Lakers bench is averaging 47 points per game, while Portland is averaging 22. The Lakers bench is also far more efficient. How are they not superior? Do you need a dictionary for Christmas? Also, the Lakers have made the most threes in the NBA while shooting a good percentage. Again, superior in that category. If the Blazers had the same schedule as the Lakers without their best player, they'd probably be 9-8 as well.
Zack Oliver::This laker team has some great players when they all play together..we just need a little more defense. Unfortunately Kobe won't help us with that. A volume scorer will suck up energy from other players and a guy recovering from Achilles surgery is not who you want as a premier defender. If Kobe is the best player in the game, this team will get better or at least stay the same. If he is a ball hogging nightmare of a teammate the lakers will get worse
Michael Lanphere::Lakers are amazing. If they just had one big that played played good all around ball they would be pretty competitive with anyone. My concern is Kobe will come back and mess up the chemistry of this team.
Will Kinivuwai::I disagree Kobe might just make this team better
Mike Bird Munger::What a shock....the Lakers are getting WHOOPED and then the officiating takes over to get them back into the game.
Meron Foto::Not again.... are you kidding me?? This team has serious problem with holding a lead. 10-0 run for Lakers now.
Tiago Machado::They blown against the Suns too
Meron Foto::Tiago Machado  Suns are Blazers Achilles. That team just knows how to play Blazers.
Chris Mijares::Laker fans... no need to worry about earthquakes tonight.  The real threat is RIP CITY!
Luis Paz::win or lose this laker team is gonna be scary if kobe comes back at elite level
Meron Foto::Kobe is gonna destroy it with his "ME ME" attitude.
Luis Paz::that's dumb he'll make this team even better he can create his own shot at will and draw double teams
Meron Foto::Luis Paz  He can create his own shots white wasting over 30 attempts/game. How can that improve the team overall? I feel like he needs to be more of a play maker and distribute the ball. He does have legit role players, so why not use his skills to help his team get more open shots? I feel like they have more chance that way instead of Kobe shooting over 20 bricks/game.
Jody George Prats::Lakers defense only gets older and worse when Kobe comes back.
Francis Haik::Kobe was very much needed today.
