Chris M::With Butler and Hinrich back and Deng close - this Bulls team looks pretty good.  Dunleavy, Augustin, Snell, and Gibson off the bench and Hinrich, butler, Deng, Boozer, and Noah starting the Bulls may end up with the 3rd/4th best record in the East despite the slow start.  Maybe its time to trade Rose for whatever they can get and keep the true together.  Add another solid big man and they are a tough out.  Should have kept Asik.  Go Blazers.
Jer::Plumlee might as well start at C. He's got the freshest legs on the team and he can run up and down faster than any of the other bigs. Mason's already shown his athleticism that pairs nicely with his good size. Years ago, I think Plumlee would have been a lottery pick. Most top centers in Div I often were lottery picks. Nowadays, those picks go to the raw, undeveloped players with huge projected upside. Lopez got to start in his rookie yr because they didn't have anyone else and I don't recall him being any more polished than Plumlee. So, why not? The alternative is what you saw today.
Michoel::Got to give Ainge credit.  He robbed Prokorov blind and the NBA saved the Clippers championship hope by prohibiting KG from being traded to them.  KG was a great player but his days of being an positive impact player in the NBA are done and so are the Nets.  Goes to show that it takes a lot more than money to build a NBA money.  It takes people who know what they are doing.  Too bad Kidd was given such a lousy roster in his rookie season.  He deserved better.
Ryan::FIRE Jason Kidd! This team lacks identity on both sides of the floor. The lack of offensive continuity is alarming, the substitution patterns horrendous and the player's roles still undefined.  I understand that they have had injuries, but, it seems that the team is no longer playing hard for Kidd.   In my opinion, there's still enough talent on this roster to make the Playoffs but it's getting harder, for me to believe, that JKidd is going to be able to take us there.
CJ::Brooklyn played uninspired ball.  The coach looked lost.  His main interest was trying to see which TV camera was pointed at him.
Tom::Wholesale change is coming. Kidd doesn't look like he wants the job anymore. What's the betting line on him making it pass All Star break?
KMike::It isn't that Kidd doesn't know something about the game, but he should have been an assistant coach for a few seasons, to understand how to interact as a coach with veteran players that now not only make more money than he does, but don't want to listen to his public 'quitter' remarks. It doesn't alleviate them of any responsibility for playing like slugs, but he could be better at his own 'responsibility' as a coach, like sitting Williams down and letting the deficit go from single to double digits. That silliness is on him.
richard m::If Garnett has a mouth like that, they should not allow him on the court. He is a disgrace to his whole team. I wouldn't want him in Minnesota or anywhere else. Time we deal with these mouths.
Devin H::yeah...it is the way Kidd coaches...Coaching is team management, conducting practices, game time decisions, building the proper relationships with players, communicating expectations  kidd was a locker room attorney as a player, worked better behind the scenes, often using disliking of coaches, management to endear himself to players..once he became 'the man' suddenly he doesnt have the influence nor rapport with the players  granted, this squad built by the worst gm in the league, is ego driven, mismatched and has many over the hill players...but Jerry Sloan, Phil Jackson, Nate McMillian, Tom Thibodeau, could have had a competitive team
bodhibo::This kind of result is not surprising. The Nets clearly are not a well-coached and cohesive team.   Sack the coach and trade all the players with long-term, high-paying contracts, except Mr. Lopez, and build the team from  the draft and shrewd trades like most all the best teams do.
