Evander Smart::Linsanity:  21 points 5 rebounds 7-15 shooting Fatso Felton:  8 points 5 assts 3-9 shooting Linsanity 2  Knicks and their mistake 0
Shawn Bento::Felton goes hard at the buffet tho
Jason Corazon::Knicks going with a big lineup (Felton).
Sammy Bissett::He's also been very charitable with the TO's tonight
Michael Huang::Lin drives the lane then gives a good pass to Dwight, but Dwight didn't have his hands ready and the ball goes out of bounds.  Then Dwight promptly turns to Lin and complains about the pass.  Dwight Howard, the best teammate anyone could ever ask for.
Mike Cheung::Lin got a TO for the pass...
Mike Plummer::Dwight is a punk. Kobe couldn't even stand him and Kobe is probably the biggest jerk in the league.
John Keros::Mike- if the great players are punks & you come on here complaining- no one's forcing you to watch.  If you keep complaining over it, & keep watching- then maybe you should quit one of them.  Since you have no answer, you'll probably dodge the content of this post.  Kobe & Dwight aren't punks.  They're among the very best in the world, which takes work.  I also recall Dwight playing with a torn labrum.
Michael Huang::Can't believe McHale is not starting Lin.
Austin Mowrey::He's going to get okc hardin minutes, just needs some offense off the bench, they have enough in the starting lineup and can really use Beverly's d
Ian Fury::Frees Lin up to play like Manu in his prime, or Harden on the Thunder. Lin will be 6th man of the year, and Beverley is a competent point guard. Beverley also complements Harden better than Lin.
Tommy Khuu::He put Lin as second string because Lin plays better with the bench. Dwight and James Harden will be asking for the ball every possession if Lin starts. Beverley isn't a scorer. Harden sucks at defense, so Beverley is there since Beverley is a defensive specialist. Lin can take advantage of his shooting with the bench and he can run the offense without any other "star" asking for the ball. Win-win for McHale and the Rockets.
Michael Huang::Lin with rainbow 3
Michael Huang::Bargnani has now outscored Howard 21-5.  Howard is just pathetic.
Judd Wolfe::You'd rather have Bargnani on your team over Howard? Moron
Corey Neal::Judd Wolfe he didnt say he wanted too howards just having a terrible night on the offensive end
Michael Huang::Judd Wolfe - think you've had one too many sour grapes.
William Cutting::> Lin makes a shot  > focus camera on Asians in the crowd
Michael Huang::lol
Michael Huang::It should be this way:  Lin makes a shot, camera pans to Dolan.
Mike Plummer::Dwight tries to post up and the camera pans to a bum out in the street....
Michael Huang::Bargnani is just toying with Howard.
Judd Wolfe::And Harden is toying with the Knicks
Michael D. Wright::Judd Wolfe *Refs are
Akosier Akongaito::Amare toying with the Knicks payroll...
Michael Huang::That was good defense by Lin.
Shawn Bento::Just wondering... How many duplicate accounts do you have?
Michael Huang::Shawn Bento - less than 1 but greater than 0
Shawn Bento::Yeah, I seriously doubt that...
Nori Queen::Lets go houston! Show these knickerbummers whos boss!
Steven Rivera::Yea Sixers sure showed you guys
Raymond Liu::Steven Rivera And the high powered Bobcats showed the Knicks as well...LOL
Steven Rivera::Raymond Liu pretty sure those Bobcats will show the Rockets as well
Michael Huang::Lin at +13 when he's on the court.
Matt Beggs::Knicks fans still happy that the Knicks chose Felton over Lin ?
Michael Huang::Didn't some Knicks fan say that Lin is just an average or an okay player?
Roger Sim::he's done with his warm up session,sh!t just got real
Steven Rivera::Lin lost his starting job so yes hes average
Michael Kap::knicks suck .. always have, always will ..  have a nice day  :)
Michael D. Wright::So does your life.
Michael Kap::Michael D. Wright  jealous ?
Denzel Boksingero::A PG who is No. in the NBA now in points per shot (PPS) and who has the best field goal percentage among all NBA point guards is not good enough to become a starter of the Rockets. wait, his points per game is Top 10 among PGs in the league yet he's still a back-up. Knicks let Jeremy Lin go because they were not sure of his value back then. The Rockets knew Lin's value now but is not properly playing him.
Michael Huang::Shame on McHale
Matthew L Smith::its obvious the bench needs scoring...LIN supplies that. He also is efficient and getting scores and shots because he is not starting with ball and shot dominate Harden. Why cant you people see that??
Sheena Chezik Davies::Doesn't matter who starts, it matters who finishes and plays in crunch time.
Shaun Mitts::Melo is treated as an average joe to the Refs. He gets no calls what so ever.  this is sad how much hate there is towards this man. carrying this team all night .  Harden is a mega flopper and  gambler on defense always get his points from the line. this is just hate bias towards him
Michael D. Wright::Melo has to lose an eye or have his headband fly into the stands before he gets calls. We should be used to this 5 vs. 8 every game, ESPECIALLY AT HOME, no less.
Daniel Mark::Michael D. Wright It was brutal tonight. You see when he got body-checked to the floor and spiked the basketball into the stands? Refs didn't call a tech WHY??? Because they know they do him dirty and let him have his spike.
Michael D. Wright::Daniel Mark Used to it every night. He gets a tech for BREAKING UP the skirmish between Howard and Andrea, though.
Michael Huang::Never seen Melo play so hard
Jonathan E. Collins::Never seen a team owned so badly by the Rockets
David Kang::I know that a lot of people aren't too happy about J-lin not starting, but who finished the game tonight?  P. bev, or J-lin.   I'm glad J-lin got to rest his legs little bit tonight.  His shots were a bit off, because of the tired legs from playing for 80+ mins straight in 2 games.  I'm starting to appreciate the Houston's strat a bit more.  However, Houston is in big trouble with finding some offense from the bench.  Except for J-lin, they're not getting much from anybody else.
Wally Rouzer::still had 21
David Kang::no doubt! But, I'd contribute it more to lack of inside presence of knicks more than J-lin lighting it up.  Although he was sick in spurs of 4th quarter.
Seal Rchin::This is not about Rockets or Knicks............this is about who will take and miss more shots, J.R. Smith or Carmelo.
Corey Neal::so far jr smith is lol carmelo cant miss right now
Denzel Boksingero::Lin benching is a convenient solution, not the effective solution. If the Rockets want to do better than making it in the playoffs, they must minimize the HARDEN EFFECT (making team offense worse) and somehow maximize the LIN EFFECT (making team offense so much better).
Sammy Bissett::We still won't outscore OKC, SA, LAC, MIA, IND with this defense. Lin was terrible last night on defense and we lost to the glorious Tony Wroten and James Anderson. Meanwhile he played great against Fatty Felton and Shumpert.
Jason Vu::Rockets need both, but better to have each play when the other is on the bench since both need the ball in their hands. Lin could get NBA player of the week if he has another 20pt game Saturday
Trever Meenen::Charles Barkley is wrong this N word debate that is brought up in the media isn't by white people it's by the Jewish media control that wants to put whites vs blacks against each other in the country and they are the ones that write story after story about it
Josue Tamarez::I have to agree with that
Cameron AndErica::Me to, I agree.
David Aulds::No its not some Jewish conspiracy I'm sorry its a ONE WORLD GLOBALISM being forced on us by Socialist, Communists and leftists!!!
Alan Ogg::are knicks fans that pathetic that they have to jump around like monkeys after a ROUTINE 3 point play... ??? you guys make it seem as if its game 7 of the finals...  #depressing city #toolbag fans
Jason Corazon::YES !!
Shawn Bento::Only toolbags are Heat bandwagoners.
Alan Ogg::Shawn Bento once i saw DMX and Kayne West on your facebook i instantly knew you were a loser.
Michael Huang::Howard is a total joke on offense.
Shawn Bento::Melo still clueless on D.
Sammy Bissett::Lin taking over a bit
Rodel Alcalde::Fat Felton cant even run the length of the court unless he takes a glimpse of the Dunkn Donut banner.
