Jared Johnson::Is anyone finding San Antonio's offense beautiful tonight?
Ariana Gamboa Mimbela::These past 2 games have been real nail bitters for my spurs, i dont think they are trying hard enough...
Brittnie Broach::Exactly, lol. They need to get nasty.
Powers Maximus McFightmaster::Go Spurs Go!
Mark Grado Jr.::Spurs basketball was on full display last night. The team started slowly out of the gates, but quickly doubled their point total in the closing 3 minutes of the first quarter when Marco and Patty checked in. Time after time, players made the unselfish pass and set up teammates for wide open looks on 3's, uncontested layups, and dunks. What a difference a few days makes, this doesn't resemble the same team that faced the Warriors on last Friday night.
D Hyrum Vaughn::As a Spurs fan I actually saw some things Philly can take positively from this game.  Your post D is pretty good and you guys do a good job of passing to find the open guy but your team is so young.  The art of the NBA-level catch and shoot hasn't found you guys yet but it will.  Good luck this season and we'll catch y'all in San Antonio.
Michael Hughes::Hopefully by mid-season....Still got a long ways to go but things look promising so far.  Heres to your Spurs getting that 5th ring this year barring no major injuries!!
Emil E. Matula III::Spurs keep plugging pieces into the offensive system and yielding results.  They are going to need more playing time for their new pieces so they can rely on them come crunch time.
John Paul Wilkinson Jr::You can have all your LeBrons etc., but if you want to learn how to play basketball, watch the Spurs.
Carman Franklyn Munroe::man. i went to college in oklahoma. live in nassau, bahamas and i am a spurs fan. talk that. we know gretness
Chris Salas::Spurs win move to 7-1 and my Chiefs are 9-0 just thought I'd throw that in there.
Sam Johnson::A friend of mine has those exact fan preferences. If you are a Kansas basketball fan then I know your twin.
Jacob Probst::Same here! KU BBall fan too LOL
Matthew Vigil::Haha! Sorry haters spurs arent old yet! Go Spurs Go!
Julie Price::Spurs on their way to another 50+ win season.
Jeremy Lugo::Spurs always  beasting!!!!! GOOOO!!!!! SPURS!!!!! GOOOO!!!!!
Luke Zacharias::The Spurs will expose every team this year. Hear that Lebon? EVERY TEAM.
Marcus Kwan::Spurs are cruising and getting rest.  Heat are having to press a little just to win games.  I know the Heat have the best talent, but fatigue after three straight finals visits will take its toll.  A Pacer\Spurs finals would be the ultimate sending off present for Mike Stern
John Osaki Jr.::Turn back the clock 76ers and Spurs fan! Check out the new edition 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Alan Hickman::Is Manu hurt cause he didn't play second half. .. or is it because the lead was so large he didn't even need to play tonight....idk?
Jeeves Sritharan::i'm still like carter williams..talk about something positive for the sixers  still hated him @ cuse; )
Joe Sorkin::Even if the sixers end up with 35 wins this year turner hawes and mcw all look great so far. High hopes for 2014 and beyond
Jose Lopez::After a strong start, it looks like the Sixers were not that serious...
George J Banks::I see philly back to reality. You might get 25 wins this year. Next year maybe the playoffs.
Jack Mulkey::One thing is for sure the 76ers have surprised us all. But it won't be enough. Spurs 107 76ers 92
Blair Ritger::Spurs 101 76ers 95  GO SPURS GO!!!!!
Denver-Sarah Wood::No Duncan tonight?
Daniel Beard::He was held out to rest him.
Raheem Jackson::Philly stand up
Adam Burner::Manu get hurt?
John Paul Wilkinson Jr::Nope.  Didn't need him.
