SteeleKen::what a difference 7 games make... Dallas fans talking smack first 20 games and all we heard was 'wait till Dirk gets back'  and the rest of us who knew better?  we continue to post what we've posted all along....  "With the 1st pick in the 2013 NBA Draft, the Dallas Mavericks pick....."
Nowitzki.::Horrible stretch of games
wristedhip::Andre Miller needs to be paid more. He's a pro. If Gallo played like this regularly then he would be the go-to guy.
69durango::Gallo and Ty have to be consistent.  Great Game.
segunm2::i am just getting home, oh sh it, gallo dropped 39!
DynastyinBigD::Mavs streak of 12 consecutive years of Playoffs since 2000 will come to an end this year.
wristedhip::The Nuggets radio team said that 12 of the Mavs had expiring contracts at the end of this season. Cuban will make a money splash next summer. Maybe Kevin Love will get out of Minnesota?
loodakris5928::i dont think kevin love would go to the mavs
Big_time_sports_knowledge::so basically the only thing that is sad is the state of dallas maverick franchise, i seen this happen in detroit they win a chip and think its gone last forever and next thing u know your a perennial LOTTERY team...couldnt script it better myself
ryne3113::Wait a couple years
Big_time_sports_knowledge::not that sad...i mean im glad i was the fan of the losing team that year we won one the next year and are favored for the 3rd year in a row to win one...yall got swept last year and now look like yall gone be out the playoffs picture completely
Big_time_sports_knowledge::why do i enjoy this so much, maybe its the way they celebrated their championship on our floor
DynastyinBigD::You mean the same Heat team with 3 Superstars that lost to a Mavs team with 1 superstar. I know it is sad
XRAY07508::Yo QUINCY, where u at brotha?
Quincy Miller::...
DenverNuugs8.2::Iggys starting to heat up
charliharper::Just retire Dirk
MarktheShark28::This is the kind of Nuggets Stat Sheet that makes this a team a legitimate contender in this league.
champion7876::who the fawk fouls a player with 3 sec to go
222222222boomboom444444444::dirk might aswell not play until he gets into shape.
jayeteee::Wow! ESPN and the thread police. Not sure there was anything needed policing. :-P
champion7876::fawk
Rob Parker 1st Take::if you spell OJ Mayo backwards it's Oyam Jo, which means "Turnover Machine" in Swahili
DynastyinBigD::Mavs fan here and I agree. He's a TURNOVER MACHINE.
soloartist11::Lol
evandziobak15::Why can't Gallo score like this every night...
high kennedy::All Nugs fan do. He was supposed to be our go-to scorer after the Melo deal. He's still young enough that it could happen.
evandziobak15::I hope so they need that consistent scorer
RockyMountainWay1::I wish he could
jayeteee::It's the Nuggets, they go w/ the hot hand.
FrogsterTi::Tonight is to make up for all those times he disappears.
evandziobak15::It's so frustrating tho he can be so good at times and other times he just disappears
jayeteee::"Man on Fire!"  -Danilo Gallinari
phattybumbum::Just like the Broncos.  Tough and hard start then coast to the playoffs when the schedule ease up
high kennedy::PFMVP!
soloartist11::Hope so. But the Nuggets don't have the smartest and arguably best offensive player in the league like the Broncos do
high kennedy::Love how a bunch of Lakers fan were saying Faried is a nobody and will be out of the league in a few years after his run-in with that punk Howard. 19 boards tonight. He got that nickname for a reason suckers!
jayeteee::The only way Faried gets run out of the league is a major injury. And w/ the way he plays, that could happen. You have to love his energy and dedication to the boards.
petersoncooper::Lakers have too many stars to feed, they could use an energy guy or two like Faried.
high kennedy::Yep. At least when Kobe cheap-shotted Kenneth in the playoffs last year he owned it and helped him up.
RockyMountainWay1::Dwight Coward
Mavs Fan since when it was no heat Thunder fans::there goes rick job... bye carlisle
RockyMountainWay1::I dont think Dallas makes the playoffs
Mavs Fan since when it was no heat Thunder fans::we are definitely the Washington wizards of the West
fatdirk2012::how come someome always has a career night in 3s when they play the mavericks
soloartist11::Believe me it happens to the Nuggets ALL THE FREAKIN TIME
petersoncooper::The same thing usually happens to the Nuggets.  Poor perimeter D
sodakhic::The problem with the Nuggets, Brewer 27 last night, 0 tonight, Gallinari, 39 tonight, 2 tomorrow night.
Crawford80467::Iguodala scores 25 tomorrow. Book it.
petersoncooper::Hard to be consistent when you live by the 3
Young_Guruu::Yeah the hell are you talking about. The only thing we do is die by the 3.
jayeteee::Denver in no way lives by the three.
TomLeee124::Fuckkkkkkkkkkk you Dallas - I had faith in you even though the line told me not t. YOU suckkk - plane crash hopeful,
BvB Dortmund::Agreed.
C_S_U_Rams::Degenerate gambler
King DM::You're messed up. Plane crash hopeful? I wouldnt even think that if the Nuggets were on a 20 game losing streak. Let alone a 5 game losing streak
SwollCracker::Nugs fans who rip on gallo and iggy hilarious
acmebrew::Nuggets need Igoudala and Gallo to be their best players on most nights. Faried is a talented young guy who will win the rebounding title, but doesn't have the offensive skills to carry the team.
vice9991::they have been struggling this year so far, so has lawson, and yet they are still 3 games over 500 while having the most road games in the league, if they can start playing more like their career shooting averages (especially gallo and lawson) the nuggs will start playing really well
high kennedy::Nugs also had second toughest schedule as ranked by strength of opponent so far this year. They'll make the playoffs. ... and Get bounced in the first round like always. :(
petersoncooper::Nuggs were due for some hot 3 point shooting, live by the 3 and die by the 3 right
soloartist11::We haven't lived by the three all year
leonidk1990::19 rebounds is a career high for manimal
vice9991::nah he had 20 vs the heat
King DM::Manimal didnt show much in the 2nd half. But I really loved his performance tonight
jalapeno94::don't glean too much out of it. Mavs are awful anyways
danglehossa22::Just gave back all my profit today because of my lack of understanding how $@%!$@ this mavs team is. They're up there with the bobcats
C_S_U_Rams::Gallo stole the show, but damn Faried 11 and 19 rebounds
fatdirk2012::mavs making me wanna puke....if i see cubes skeechers commercial one more time u will punch my tv
washheightsboy3::just checking in again.  holy $@%!.  gallo.
fullmetalx117::Wright actually played decent tonight. Of course with Carlisle's logic he won't play next game.
Hlee196::Late nuggets fan...
Awesome Hasaface The Retrial::Roddy is too good to keep playing these garbage minutes.
petersoncooper::The Rooster is on fire!!!!!!
C_S_U_Rams::Maybe this will instil a little bit of confidence in Gallo and he will start playing consistently
carial2::Mavs need to fire the head coach what an embarrassing loss at home
fullmetalx117::this mavs team sucks. Dirk's body language on the floor shows that he is not interested in playing with these scrubs.
Manimal_35::18 rebounds
leonidk1990::Gallo shat all over dallas
mathurpalak@yahoo.com::Oh if only gallinari could do this every night huh nuggets fans?
Hlee196::That's it gallo we paid you the big bucks for playing like tonight. Please don't forget it...
Dtownsports4me::This is BS!! Something has got to change ASAP!!!
Quincy Miller::Yep. Trade Brewer and play JHAM more.
jasond361::Trade Quincy play Miller moar
danglehossa22::Fuking Crowder terrible, Carter terrible, Dirk terrible. there is no one on the whole Mavs team that can shoot the ball. $@%, find some guys on the street
mathurpalak@yahoo.com::GALLINARI GOING BEAST MODE!!!!
jasond361::GALLINARI IS  BAAAAAAAAAAAAD MAN
airic.ad::dam.n gallo
Hlee196::One negative thing about the nuggets is turnover... If we can reduce that to 10 per game I think we will be ok.
