JohnDoe5334::To all of the Clipper Haters: STOP HATING!!!  If you would take the time to watch this "team" play (unbiased) I guarantee that you will become fans as well. I have been watching NBA games for over 20 years and cannot recall ANY team is as exciting to watch as this one (less the old Show Time with Magic). The old Sonics team with G Payton and Kemp came close but was missing a player like D Jordan to compliment them, nor the "Bench Mob".
Keith Closs::go clippers!  -Joe Wolf
vernon bates336::Clippers get Lakers type calls now?  When did they win some championships?  Amazing how good officiating can be for certain teams.......i.e. OKC, Lakers, and now the Clippers.
JohnDoe5334::Reminds me of the old days with Stockton and Malone, always getting the calls (illegal picks)..... It's not the team, it's the players...  Want some cheese to go with your whine? waaa-waaa-waaahhh!!
YouKnowIt_3000::Amazing out look on basketball where do you find your facts?
Michael566780::Gary Payton &amp; Shawn Kemp &gt; Chris Paul &amp; Blake Griffen
JohnDoe5334::It's more like a combination of GP/Kemp (athletes) and Stockton/Malone (intelligence), what a combination.... Love to watch them every time, never a dull game. Feel sorry for the rest of the country that does not get to watch them every game. Maybe that's why so many haters....
Michael566780::Children.  Chris Paul is a great player, but right now, he could not even carry The Gloves jock strap.  How quickly the children forget.     Payton is the only guard to have won the NBA Defensive Player of the Year award since Michael Jordan in 1988. Also, he, Jordan, Kevin Garnett, and Kobe Bryant share the record for most career NBA All-Defensive First Team selections, with 9. He is currently third all-time in career steals. A strong all-around player, Payton also ranks fifth all-time among guards in defensive rebounds, 12th in offensive rebounds, and 10th in total rebounds for a guard. Among players considered point guards, Payton ranks 3rd in defensive rebounds, 5th in offensive rebounds, and 4th in total rebounds, behind Jason Kidd, Oscar Robertson and Magic Johnson
JohnDoe5334::Before he came to the clips I also thought the same, but now that we get to watch him every game he does things that are amazing playing D; he gets steals from behind players when they think they have gotten by him, he knows when to jump for a block, he understands positioning... Very smart and so underrated!!! Plus his offensive skills overshadow his D... proof: what did Rondo do against him their last game (how many assists)??
daldevs::And yet still not a HOFer.   <u>Chris Paul has played 10 fewer seasons than Payton</u> and has already been named to the All-NBA First Team as many times as Payton had in his entire career. It's pretty obvious Paul will be bestowed that honor a few more times. That's just off the top.   Paul was Rookie of the Year. He's averaged more points, assists, and steals in his career thus far than Payton in his. He's already been a 4-time steals champ (#1 this year), and a 2-time assists champ (#2 this year). He's the third youngest player to reach 5,000 assists, and only 4 other players in NBA history reached that plateau in fewer games - Oscar Robertson, Magic Johnson, John Stockton, and Isiah Thomas. All HOFers.   He's a 5-time NBA All-Star. After this year, he'll need to do it just three more times to equal Payton's mark. He will pass him in that category as well. On his current trajectory, Paul will surpass Gary Payton in virtually every meaningful basketball stat when it's all said and done.   Gary Payton was never as good of an all-around player as Paul is now. Never.
daldevs::first of all, Chris Paul will become a first ballot hall of famer at the end of his career. Gary Payton, not so much
clipper42420::*Griffin
Beanslams46::STERN'S LATEST NBA COMIC RELIEF: "Let's see how long I can keep the clippers ahead of the Lakers." -- Last night matt barnes gets away with the 3 point foul with 2 seconds left in the game....clips win by 2....
clipper42420::hahahaha
sly86921::Haha you are an idiot. Lakers get more help than the heat! Lakers all have the refs in there pocket
sly86921::Coming from a jaded lakers fan. Just being a lakers fan makes discredits everything u say. Lol
Beanslams46::You're a jaded clipper, what could you possibly know?
YouKnowIt_3000::Stern huh? sounds like a conspiracy do go on wise one..
Beanslams46::It's merely the east coast league office's goal/attempt to get the weakest team to the Finals to secure a lebron team win.
YouKnowIt_3000::mad?
JohnDoe5334::So the league wants to lose money?? makes no sense (coming from a Laker fan) Smart marketing would have the Lakers vs. Boston/NY/Chicago in the finals every year if that was the case (marketing). I remember when everyone was complaining about the same thing with Lakers (getting all the calls) a couple of years ago.... what goes around comes around... Besides Barnes is playing lights out because he is aggressive and has the freedom to play his game. If he fouls out there is another on the bench who is just as good, if not better then him...
Beanslams46::The league has tried for the past decade to keep the Lakers from Championships ....it doesn't work, but he will retire soon after this latest prank of his.
Monte Irvin::I'm happy for you clips fans that your long suffering team is a winner at last.  I'm sorry it's turned many of you into mirror images of Laker fans.  I'm also sorry your superstars are a passive aggressive flopper of a power forward and one of the dirtiest guards ever to play the game.  But enjoy the wins, that's all that really matters in sports after all.
JohnDoe5334::You're just mad because your team is not as exciting to watch as the clippers "LOB CITY"...  CP3 dirty...WOW... you must never have played BBall. It's not dirty, its' SMART...  Waaa-waaa-waaahhh!!
sly86921::Lol dirtiest guard? U ever hear of Dwayne wade? Cp plays hard he's not dirty. Griffin hasn't flopped all year. Laker fan huh?
YouKnowIt_3000::Lol it's cool.. And fun at times..
YouKnowIt_3000::im good bro just thought you might need someone to talk with
Monte Irvin::i can see I touched a nerve there, sorry.
YouKnowIt_3000::mad?
Monte Irvin::nope, you?
Jon6700::Should I do this trade?    I have Chris Paul, I am trading him for Jennings and Noah. Is this a good trade?
lazoodo::When it's all over, the CLIPS will win the chips and the HEAT will beat their meat. Fitting end for a bunch of jack-offs.
Slimslamshady::The clippers are a force to be reckoned with. They have one of the best benches in the nba. The clippers may be a top contender for a finals match, but this is only the beginning of the season. We have seen teams have good stretches and then completely collapse such as the nets. The true test is when they face teams after the all-star break.
lazoodo::Anybody that visits the CLIP joint in LA will wind up short changed.
sferg14::If the Clippers and Heat meet in the finals I'd say the Mayans were off by several months.
Peytons a HOFer::Lob City is 4real!
09Skeet::I want to see a Clipper/Heat NBA finals
Ustna9::So do the Clips...they have the Heat's number
everyones-sleepin-on-the-clippers::i honestly think the heat are wack the only team that can't beat the heat in the finals is the the thunder,clippers should  be able to beat them,they have the past 2 years
everyones-sleepin-on-the-clippers::lakers  suck -matt  barnes
09Skeet::He def found his role and is playing like a completely different player than he was on the Lakers
inphinity7::Clippers aren't going to lose again  for the rest of the season.
delilo8888::Clippers are the best in the league!!! The end is coming soon!
jloutletdeals99::This great foe the clips! Can't wait for the game against the Lakers.
CarlyJoni::Blake Griffin to Kobe Bryant:  Griffin: "Hey Grandpa Kobe! Will Uncle Nash need some help with his wheelchair during intros next week?"  Kobe: "No son, we'll be fine. Just have to remember to take my metamucil before the game."  Griffin: "OK! See ya next week. You take care now Gramps!"
dannycraq::^agreed im a clip fan but this $@%! was embarrassing, i have emb chills just reading this lame $@% !$@%
sailor six shooter::wow fail
JKRIII::Clippers vs Lakers showdown coming soon to a theater near you.
Ustna9::Showdown? Don't know about that. It will be just another game where we sit our starters in the 4th. Clips win this one easy.
everyones-sleepin-on-the-clippers::clippers will blow out the jazz in  lob angeles,randy  foye  won't  do what  he  did last    game
Keith Closs::go clippers!  - pooh richardson
Kollno::Clippers have a great, maybe the best, bench in the NBA.  They are truly stacked and props to the coach for his leadership.  It will be interesting if they can continue to win in the playoffs against the elite teams in the west.  The game will slow down and become more half court.  The team shouldn't celebrate their record until they achieve success in the playoffs.  Hopefully, this is their mindset.
Keith Closs::chauncey and grant hopefully are keep\ing the young bucks in check.  even lamar and matt to an extent
sailor six shooter::dude.. postings for losers... u didnt know
everyones-sleepin-on-the-clippers::as  a  clipper  fan i  agree
Keith Closs::go clippers!  - loy vaught
sailor six shooter::whos wife is uglier??.. lebrons or cp3s??
Keith Closs::u got your ten minutes of play from me.  time for your nap now son
sailor six shooter::dont hit on me
Keith Closs::oh yeah, im mad, so mad im pounding my laptop as i type this out. haha
sailor six shooter::what?
Keith Closs::"your" insult.  i guess u can have all those phrases. theyre yours.  u can use them tonight at 3 am when theres no other people online and when u make that 5th and 6th username, u can have this same conversation with yourself like u nornmally do.  have fun posting to yourself on new years cool guy
sailor six shooter::lol aw ur mad... and now youve hurt my feelings
Keith Closs::u continue to try and put  bait out there for people to get angry and bite.  ur the one who gets no buns or else u wouldnt try so hard to get at other dudes.  haha
sailor six shooter::LOL nice... way to use my insult
Keith Closs::both them hood rats clean up good enough to be had
JohnDoe5334::sailor six shooter - im gorgeous :)  hmmmm... "Beautiful Boy" &amp; "gorgeous"...  I got it!... your a very happy person (GAY)... I do believe you must love that Richard Cranium...
sailor six shooter::im gorgeous :)
Keith Closs::yeah, sailor got models lined up every night
sailor six shooter::yes... im a very beautiful boy
emather5::Yeah, I'm sure p.u.s.s.y. Is just flying off the shelf for a noob like u!
sailor six shooter::hahahaahahaha wow u must get noo p.ussy... they are beasts! ..and dont talk like ur ghetto.. ur not black... u cant be black and like the clippers
Keith Closs::your boyfriend is uglier
sailor six shooter::no seriously.. which one do u think is more hideous?
Keith Closs::no matter how good the clippers do this season, the smart guys will always point out the past.  cuz afterall, thats all that matters right?  the past?
Megatron818::If Donald Sterling picks up a basketball and suggest taking over for Willie Green at SG, then considered me worried, but until then, he can stay right where he's at and it won't bother me.
Keith Closs::ask ANY person whos a fan of a team that isnt doing well right now.
sailor six shooter::people in LA will tell u that donald sterlings a racist... and no black guy should want to play for him.. but ya go clippers!
sailor six shooter::^^^ fantasizes he was in LA
Keith Closs::hey sailor, lets roll to roscoes chicken and waffles on pico, my treat
hopelena05::The clippers are gonna come crashing back to earth soon
JohnDoe5334::If by "crashing" you mean coming back down from one of their monster dunks then you are correct!!
Keith Closs::if anything, when chauncey, grant and trey come back, its gonna make it more diffucult for VDN to juggle the players in the line up.  its simple for VDN right now cuz he pretty much  got lucky with how he had his players fall in line.
Megatron818::And even when Chauncey and Grant come back,  nobody is asking them to play more than 30 min. they won't have too, not with this bench.
hopelena05::Yea they will really be loaded then
hopelena05::They have alot of pieces and they seem to be interchangeable so one goes down another one steps up. They had the best offseason by far
Keith Closs::crashing back to earth meaning they are gonna become a sorry mediocre team like everyone who isnt a logical bball fan expects them to?
BRAY5150::i cant see them being anything less than the 3rd seed which is great. I use to pray for them to be the 8th seed
Megatron818::Of course they are, nobody is saying their the greatest team ever. So yeah they have to lose soon.
Megatron818::Staying healthly is most important.
hopelena05::They will still be a force though
Keith Closs::16 wins in a row?  im not gonna haggle with that
Keith Closs::oh me oh my
Keith Closs::first to 100 wins.  its the law
sailor six shooter::do u ever sleep???? u stay posting 24/7
Keith Closs::to have it and not use  is way more pathetic than to not have any at all
sailor six shooter::thats pathetic... i have coke 24/7
Keith Closs::no, im looking for coke 24/7
underpiker::Lol
Megatron818::Love people clowning on the Clippers with the best record, considering at one time Memphis and OKC won 23, 24 games respectively just 4 years ago and are now considered some of the best teams in the West, if those teams can improve and its ok, what's wrong with the Clippers improving?
Keith Closs::i did get beat up in school.. i still cry about it
Keith Closs::its like getting beat up by the school geek 3 years after high school when that geek turns into an @ kicking machine.  after the fight, the cool guy from high school is still gonna talk trash as he lays there bleeding from the mouth just to try and save face
sailor six shooter::^^^^ got beat up in school
BRAY5150::The clippers won 19 games 3 years ago but I guess its not ok that they've improved
UJ801::Dude calling Hayward "sloth footed" is honestly most likely racist.. People see Hayward's ghost white skin and have a hard time giving him recognition for being athletic.
jamsim67::yes I understood it was towards a white person, but I was talking about the word in general. It's overused, just let it go
tbest23::.
tbest23::I agree. How someone can call me racist by stating my opinion on Haywards ability to laterally guard CP3 is beyond me...
jamsim67::The word racism is so overplayed in today's society. It's almost 2013 (not 1962), and people like yourself still need to keep going there ... Sometimes you just need to let it go. I understand why you think that, but just let it go
UJ801::BTW I'm talking about racism towards a WHITE person. So I definitely know it's 2012 and not 1962..
UJ801::You understand why I think that, so I'm right?? Dope
underpiker::Air bones was the most athletic white man to ever play the game, hands down.... He will go down as the only white man to win a dunk contest
tbest23::Wow really?? You went there yourself! Jefferson is a sloth as well. You assumed my post was racist, so I'll assume you have some underlying issue then? Just because you heard an analyst last year say something about Haward, you toss me into the same category? Sad, sad man... SMH
Keith Closs::UJ801 - I did go there myself because I've seen plenty of examples of it. On NBA top 10 last year Hayward had a chase down block and some black NBA analyst said "there's Hayward's first and probably last block of his career." How the hell can you say that about such an athletic player and not be racist? Rant over.  that analysts comment was more ignorant than it was racist.  u pointing out he was black says more about u than anything else
UJ801::I did go there myself because I've seen plenty of examples of it. On NBA top 10 last year Hayward had a chase down block and some black NBA analyst said "there's Hayward's first and probably last block of his career." How the hell can you say that about such an athletic player and not be racist? Rant over.
Ustna9::Thanks for the challenge Jazz... We needed it.
Keith Closs::jazz played well, clipps finally woke up in the 2nd half, and it still didnt look good for them
underpiker::Jazz at home is always tough, good win for the clips
UJ801::Was that sarcastic? I'm pissed the Jazz gave up a lead but getting a 19 point lead and fighting hard against the hottest team in the NBA, all without our starting PG, ain't half bad.
Ustna9::Not sarcastic. The Clips needed a challenge.
UJNN3::REF YOU SUCK!!! REF YOU SUCK!!!  How about that backcourt violation? such crap
JohnDoe5334::Shouldn't you be on the Justin Beaver site??? Don't think you know about the birds and the bee's yet, let alone BBall... Go play HALO....
underpiker::You are obviously a die hard hornacek fan
UJNN3::Huh? I was born in 98, didn't ever see him play
tbest23::Good no call @ the end. Did the milkdud learn anything from Sloan though? Having the sloth footed Hayward guard CP3 down the stretch? Bad move! He can't contain him and you knew everytime he'd require weakside help. Lesson learned??
JohnDoe5334::Hayward is a good defender. Made CP3 adjust several times, it's just that CP3 is too talented to be stopped by one person....
Keith Closs::hayward can move.  he cuts his hair with a butterknife, but the dude can move
BRAY5150::we clipper fans know that saying better than anybody in all sports
UJ801::Sloth footed? Hayward is one of the Jazz' best defenders. You think having Watson or Tinsley guard CP3 would be any better? Hell no.
UJ801::His lateral movement is "awful" compared to our PG's? I definitely don't agree with that. Not only is G Hay quick, he's also a lot longer than our PG's. Do you watch a lot of Jazz games?
tbest23::Haywards lateral movement is awful compared to your PG's. If he's your best defender then "wait till next year" applies yet again!
BRAY5150::So basically they had no shot at stopping CP
Jon6700::Should I do this trade?  I have Chris Paul, I am trading him for Jennings and Noah. Is this a good trade?
Keith Closs::depends on if it benefits his squad more than it helps yours, even if u get more for the buck, he might still be making out.  u wanna improve your squad but also, how much are u willing to help his.  it can get u in the end
Jon6700::What else do you need? It is an 8 man league with head to head most categories format
BRAY5150::I'd do it
Keith Closs::not enough info
tbest23::Noah's having a career year and Jennings will be used a lot due to trade rumors. Pull the trade bro!
JollyBoi23::So clearly the spurs won 20 in a row just last year... Way to go ESPN
nba is the worst::The 20 was part reg season part playoffs - ESPN is just posting reg season streaks
BRAY5150::That's what I thought. Still impressive and actually more impressive winning your first 10 in the playoffs. To bad they ended the season on a 4 game losing streak
BRAY5150::i could be wrong but didn't the spurs streak go into the playoffs? I think they are just talking about regular season win streaks
Mambaholic 33::That's why they call it "Professional" league
Keith Closs::spurs streak was legit.  hell u string together 10 wins in a row in any professional sport, thats legit
JollyBoi23::so 20 games against NBA teams arent real... Your dumb
sailor six shooter::last year??? last year wasnt a real season
sailor six shooter::----When Sterling first bought the Ardmore, he remarked on its odor to Davenport. "That's because of all the blacks in this building, they smell, they're not clean," he said, according to Davenport's testimony. "And it's because of all of the Mexicans that just sit around and smoke and drink all day." He added: "So we have to get them out of here."----    ^^^^ racist clipper owner donald sterling
Keith Closs::hes out eating...everything
Keith Closs::haha do u ever sleep?  u stay posting 24/7
underpiker::Keith closs???  We missed you, wheres stanley roberts?
sailor six shooter::..    “And when he finished, Donald said something that was very shocking to me. He said, ‘Personally, I would like to have a white Southern coach coaching poor black players. And I was shocked. And he looked at me and said, ‘Do you think that’s a racist statement?’ I said, ‘Absolutely. That’s plantation mentality.”  After low-balling Danny Manning:      “When Manning’s agent told Sterling that the offer was unacceptable, Sterling responded by saying it was a lot of money.      Said Baylor, in the deposition: “Donald T. said, ‘Well that’s a lot of money for a poor black … ‘ – I think he said kid. For a poor black kid I think. For a poor black something, kid or boy or something. Poor black. Poor black.”
UJNN3::219 times out of 220 that final shot would have been called if the scenario was reversed, that was a bull CRAP game.
Keith Closs::foye leaned in.  barnes didnt leave his feet.  plus its foye, not durant or kobe.  aint gonna get that call being named randy foye.  but also., if it were durant or kobe, we wouldnt be talking about it because they would have drained that shot.  BANGBANG!!
BRAY5150::how are you so positive it would have been called? Foye clearly jumped into Barnes and if the clippers tried it I doubt it would have been called. You have to get completely mugged to get a call on the final shot of the game no matter who you are. The refs always swallow the whistle
nba is the worst::BRAY5150 - how are you so positive it would have been called? Foye clearly jumped into Barnes and if the clippers tried it I doubt it would have been called. You have to get completely mugged to get a call on the final shot of the game no matter who you are. The refs always swallow the whistle -=-=- Refs should have swallowed the whistle with 3 seconds left.  smh
JPHoks1981::Stop blaming the refs you make Jazz fans look like babies. We blew a 19 point lead and it wasn't all the refs.
Cleeepers::Refs helped Utah build that lead with a lot of bogus calls in the 2nd Q.  The refs giveth and the refs taketh away.
UJNN3::but it was mostly the refs
LobCityCP32BG32::why would you take that shot? go for the two and get the game to overtime
UJNN3::I don't care if we took the shot or not, it would have been a foul for the Clippers
JPHoks1981::Im a Jazz fan, it wasnt a foul
sly86921::Do u have proof?
UJNN3::but it would have been on the other end in Chris Pauls hands
Championship Mouth::that crap shot attempt was a huge failure
sailor six shooter::“And when he finished, Donald said something that was very shocking to me. He said, ‘Personally, I would like to have a white Southern coach coaching poor black players. And I was shocked. And he looked at me and said, ‘Do you think that’s a racist statement?’ I said, ‘Absolutely. That’s plantation mentality.”  After low-balling Danny Manning:      “When Manning’s agent told Sterling that the offer was unacceptable, Sterling responded by saying it was a lot of money.      Said Baylor, in the deposition: “Donald T. said, ‘Well that’s a lot of money for a poor black … ‘ – I think he said kid. For a poor black kid I think.
X1xTheShieldx1X::man clippers look DANGEROUS!
sailor six shooter::----When Sterling first bought the Ardmore, he remarked on its odor to Davenport. "That's because of all the blacks in this building, they smell, they're not clean," he said, according to Davenport's testimony. "And it's because of all of the Mexicans that just sit around and smoke and drink all day." He added: "So we have to get them out of here."----  ^^^^ racist clipper owner donald sterling
sailor six shooter::http://www.sportsgrid.com/media/donald-sterling-racist-remarks/  ^^^^ why people in la have never like the clippers
adam83stl::Does Griffin do anything besides dunk?
Bigg Katt 999::His jumpers has improved quite a bit. But who cares, as long as he scores
Keith Closs::he also gets 20/10 a night.  i guess if u think that all he does is dunk then you realy dont know s-hit
Waterville Panthers::Lol Clipper fans thinking they can even make the finals that's cute
Keith Closs::its cute to talk trash about a team when its clowning them for the past failures, and thats all they have had..major failures, but to think that this team has no chance says everything about you not knowing s-hit about sports
LobCityCP32BG32::dude...this ain't the clippers of the 90s...try joining the rest of us in the 21st century
LobCityCP32BG32::did you even watch the beginning of the season? clips beat memphis, heat, and SA twice...actually watch some basketball once in awhile
Waterville Panthers::still not good enough to get by the Thunder, Spurs, Grizzlies, or Heat in a seven game series
westsidestory87::I hope the clippers win a title this year for the loyal fans that have suffered years of misery. Especially for Ralph Lawler, one of the most beloved announcers out there. BINGO!
Keith Closs::im not gonna haggle with that
YouKnowIt_3000::get out of here sailor you are just trolling
.SandBagger.::dont need to look it up.  They said the word Iranian incorrectly.  It wasn't a big deal at all and complete over reaction by the network.
.SandBagger.::its exactly what happened.
sailor six shooter::lol thats not what happened at all but ok.. u might be more ignorant
sailor six shooter::lawlers a racist b.itch
sailor six shooter::LOL look up why his duma.ss and mike smith got suspended... they are beyond ignorant
.SandBagger.::lol...no he isn't hater.
YouKnowIt_3000::Clippers have been palying great ball you have to respect that
AndyisSuave::So pissed the Lakers didn't get CP3... that was some BS.  I do like watching CP3/Griffin tho.
StickeSabado::lol
westsidestory87::I understand your point.
westsidestory87::CLIPPERNATIONRISEUP
Nikoloz3::CP3 MVP
ZaPsKmBrDs2107::David Sterns plan of extending the Los Angeles market is all coming together now.
Natedrinkycrow::Nothing goes together like Utah and....jazz?
DeAndre_3000::It's funny how some of you are saying nobody cares or talks about the clippers yet you are talking time out of your life to down play them and hate on them a 16 win streak ..#1 in the nba.. best bench in the nba..I could go one but why waste my time haters gonna hate..
DeAndre_3000::dude im far from sensitive these are just words to me on the computer  but your not even talking basketball why are you here to let your hate out on other  ppl
sailor six shooter::LOL no.... no hate... like i said
BRAY5150::all you had to say is a kid there's no need to say black kid
DeAndre_3000::wow what a racist thing to say
runukraine::http://oxforddictionaries.com/definition/english/hater?q=hater
sailor six shooter::racist?? if ur sensitive... dont call people haters then... its not a real term, it means nothing... and its not my fault the blacks use a word that doesnt exist
sailor six shooter::a hater is what a black kid says when he gets arrested
