hoosierfan008::Can you guys see the Pacers going ECF?
mccoywajmu::TEAM USA:  Chandler (Love, Blake) Lebron (Bosh) Durant (Melo) Kobe (D Wade D Will) CP3 (Rose)
--..bullster..--::"i dont know any MVP that comes off the bench"
GeX.01::are you gonna watch olympic basketball?
mccoywajmu::absolutely....the weird thing is olympic basketball provides a few weeks when i can root for guys that i usually have to hate....melo lebron wade.....that team is going to be beast this year...i hope rose is healthy enough to play
Dem_Canes_Man::Alright peeps...the board was extremely good today! Probably one of the best of the year.   I am about to go and laugh at some of the Wizards taunts. Later. :)
GeX.01::cya DCM sorry for the outburst earlier
PacerFan19a::Well its been real, talk to you guys later and good luck to whatever team you may be rooting for. Pacers Nation
nba is the worst::Later - and an especial "good luck in Round 2" wish!!!
Dem_Canes_Man::LOL!!
Dem_Canes_Man::later dude...much respect to the Pacers and their fans!
GeX.01::adios muchacho
mccoywajmu::are we actually talking basketball here today?  this is weird.....
Dem_Canes_Man::hey man...don't tempt anybody to start foolishly .
Sonic_speed1::Remember one thing during the season you will play 7 different opponents in 11 days. During the playoffs you play same opponent for 4 to 7 games
Dem_Canes_Man::oh yeah....The Wizards beat OKC, Miami, and Chicago during the season...they won't win a game in a playoff series.
nba is the worst::OT games are a test of mental toughness and experience - here's the playoff teams' records (in order):  Tier 1 (.500+): Lakers 6-1, Clippers 4-1, Bulls, Spurs, Celtics, OKC 3-1, Denver 5-2, Pacers 4-2, Hawks, Jazz 4-3, Dallas 3-3   Tier 2 (sub .500) Grizzlies, Knicks, 76ers 1-2, <b>Heatles 2-4</b>, Magic 1-4
Dem_Canes_Man::In addition, the Mavs were not considered a "mentally tough" team last year either. I just think that you have a lost of guys who are playing the role of Captain Cliche' whenever they don't have the answer to things.
Sonic_speed1::Fatigue also accounts
dslick34::The Heat mental toughness was on full display in the OT game vs the Bulls. The Bench Mob totally dominated the Heat starters in OT to get the victory.
nba is the worst::I think it's pretty interesting that the heatles have only won 33% of their OT games - only top 4 seed in the tougher conference with the same record is Memphis
Dem_Canes_Man::I am worried about the Heat making shots...not so much about "mental toughness". But you know that already!  :)
Dem_Canes_Man::lol! okay dude!
nba is the worst::I think it was the 3-gm one in the Finals...  ;)
Dem_Canes_Man::lol..."mental toughness" can't be quantified....purely subjective.   the Heat was "mentally weak" last year, according to experts...especially during that 5 game loosing streak.
nba is the worst::Not sure I understand - does this relate to heatles' opponents in OT "wanting it more"?
PacerFan19a::It bugs me when we play well all season and we get absolutely no respect from ESPN and other news outlets. Especially when we do it the right way and all anyone discusses is D Howard and trade discussions.
nba is the worst::15-20 vs .500+ teams - only west playoff team with a worse record is the Jazz
mccoywajmu::pacers are not sexy and you have no "stars" so....no stars equals no tv
PacerFan19a::The Bobcats got more airtime than us.
PacerFan19a::Im not sure how much you guys know about the Pacers since we get absolutely no media coverage, but we are a team that still has much room to improve. Hibbert has taken great strides in his game every year and is prime to make another one. Paul George is a superstar in the making, he has the athleticism, the ability, and the will to take the next step as a star in the league. Hansboriugh, Hill, and Collison are still young and have room to improve. Watch out for this team for the next 5 years.
GeX.01::you guys have a lot of potential and i like the move of collison to the bench a lot.  hes probably a top 3 backup PG in the league.  but i think granger is actually holding you guys back (crazy, i know).
PacerFan19a::Im not sold on the Hill Collison switch yet. I like Hill better as a player but im not sure which player complements the bench better. They both will get solid minuted either way.
GeX.01::his defense is good, but he's streaky on offense and thats when it hurts, because he doesnt shy away from shooting even when he's cold.
dslick34::I would start Collison over G.Hill.
PacerFan19a::I like Granger. His defense is underrated and his stat sheet doesn't represent what he has done for this team. I agree he would be better as a second option, and I feel he will become one soon with the emergence of Paul George.
Dem_Canes_Man::lol...too long man!
Dem_Canes_Man::lol..I feel you man. I think that you guys are a elite player away from making some real noise.
PacerFan19a::Haha sorry had to get it out.
PacerFan19a::Sorry went on a rant there lol
GeX.01::philly will be a tougher out than most people give them credit for.  one of the best defensive teams around.
Dem_Canes_Man::come man...Bulls in 5. You don't have to be a Bulls fan to see that.
GeX.01::we'll see.  philly is the team that doubles rose more than anyone else... like almost every possession.  our other guys will have to hit their shots in this series if we want to win in 4-5
Dem_Canes_Man::What in the world is 5.5???  Philly is solid, but Rose will be too much. Philly don't have a go 2 guy to get easy buckets. Rose can get the Bulls easy baskets at will.
GeX.01::the chi-ind series last year could easily have gone to 7, those were close games.  i think this philly team is as good or better than last years' indiana team.  I'd say bulls in 5.5 games (lol).  phi is better than 1 win but not as good as 2
nba is the worst::Totally disagree - all built on crap opponents (13-23 vs .500+)
GeX.01::theyve maintained the 2nd lowest opp PPG and 3rd best defensive efficiency in the league.  i think most of those easy games are virtually cancelled out.  their offense will probably be their downfall, but theyre definitely not a team to sleep on.  i bet they'll be a tougher 1st round than IND was last year.
mccoywajmu::they will be in games because they can defend but there is offense is garbage and their late game execution is worst
mccoywajmu::Reporter: "How do you feel about Evan Turner's comments?"  Rose: "Who?"  Reporter: "Evan Turner.."  Rose: "Who? I dont know that kid...(gives the kobe smile)"
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::rose would never smile
nba is the worst::And Turner lights him up for 38 like Lin did Kobe?
mccoywajmu::lmao Evan Turner is not good enough to score 38 on the bulls defense
Dem_Canes_Man::lol..I forgot that Lin went off for the Lakers. He wasn't really on their scouting report though.
Dem_Canes_Man::Bulls in 5 man...who are we kidding.
GrizzK4::Alright I think that's enough mediating for me! I need to get some work done, talk to you guys later! Go Bulls!
PacerFan19a::Nice to have class on these boards. See you around.
Dem_Canes_Man::later dude.  don't Go Bulls. :)
Dem_Canes_Man::lol...Grizz can handle the dig!
mccoywajmu::shut up canes lol
nba is the worst::OK, Kobe needs 38 pts for the scoring title.  Will Brown rest him tonight?
GeX.01::scoring champion at his age would be pretty impressive.  its crazy how much he is reminiscent of MJ (just a bit more selfish and less accurate).  his form is almost identical.
PacerFan19a::He will go for 50 tonight. He will get it if he has to take 50 shots.
GrizzK4::No chance, he'll get it.
Dem_Canes_Man::yeah...I agree...he will get the 38!
Dem_Canes_Man::lol....Rule #1 of the Kobe System:  Never "rest" the Mamba!
nba is the worst::No MWP or Barnes to share minutes with either, and the Clipps losses make it meaningless...
Dem_Canes_Man::Kobe is a staunch competitor! He will get he 38. It's Sac Town right?
nba is the worst::"I don't care about that," Bryant said. "If I did, I would have went for 50 (last week) in San Antonio. They were playing me straight-up in single coverage." -=-=-  Tonight will tell us if that's true
dabears8606::Dem Canes-  How much would a ticket  to game 3 of the ECF vs the Bulls be in the upper levels?
dabears8606::Im just trying to gauge how much I may have to pay to buy game 5 off my buds would be, maybe $150 a ticket.   I paid $200 to see Jay Z and Kanye...
dabears8606::Nice
Dem_Canes_Man::I see....the price will be up there. I went to the playoffs games (Mrs. Canes got a discount for working for Humana), and we came out good.
Dem_Canes_Man::lol...more than my budget can afford!  I would prefer to watch in on the big screen at the crib! But it will be expensive!
nba is the worst::Use the THX picture mode - the colors are simply amazing
Dem_Canes_Man::yeah..we are going 55". It's awesome man! I am hyped!
nba is the worst::Cool - just in time for the REAL season - 55"?
Dem_Canes_Man::We are getting it Monday! Finally!!!!
nba is the worst::Did you ever get that new plasma?
Dem_Canes_Man::if anything...I think that the Pacers can easily get caught overlooking Orlando! That is a great temptation, due to the fact the D12 is out. I think that the Heat got caught slipping in Chicago like that.
nba is the worst::No credit for the Bulls at home, eh?  Pacers won't be caught napping vs the Magic
Dem_Canes_Man::nah...much credit to Chi-Town! That was all I posted on the next day.
PacerFan19a::Its a threat. I dont see us losing the series though. If were caught sleeping we may have to go 6-7 though.
espaulding2::Loss is a loss but this is a good sign for the pacers because they only loss by 5 and we didnt have granger or barbossa...ill take it
Jaywashing::lol that five-point differential is BS. They hit a three and got a dunk in the final, like, 20 seconds because Chicago obviously didn't care anymore.   Indiana got handled last night.
Dem_Canes_Man::dude...the postseason is a different beast...there are no do-overs and the Pacers will have pressure now.
PacerFan19a::I hope the Heat get NY in round 1. The Knicks pose a bigger threat to them and may even take them to 6 games.
Dem_Canes_Man::I understand your hoping Pacer fan...but it's not happening. If this was the NCAA's, then you would have to be a little concerned, but the 4 out of 7 is the best format to decide who is the best teams.
PacerFan19a::He has more room to improve. This is not our year to go for the crown but im hoping for a tough matchup in the 2nd round to help gain respect from the league and to gain more playoff experience.
Dem_Canes_Man::Roy has improved....but he gets pushed around too much.
Dem_Canes_Man::If CP3 was on the Pacers, I would fear West.
PacerFan19a::The best asset for the Pacers is we have 8 guys on the roster that you can give the ball to and let them create a shot.
nba is the worst::Hey, I'd love to see it - if they would use West as a go-to scorer, they's have a chance
PacerFan19a::Watch out for his hook shot. He has developed a few nice moves throughout this season.
Dem_Canes_Man::but Hibbert isn't scaring anybody with his offensive onslaught.
PacerFan19a::We would need a perfect series to even have a chance to win the series in 6 or 7. Our only advantage is Hibbert at Center and our depth with Psycho T, Collison, and Barbosa off the bench.
idontsweatyou::Its very possible, the Pacers gave the HEat a hard time this year, even beat them once
idontsweatyou::The Pacers are pretty deep and should give the Heat a headache.
nba is the worst::Their only hope is if they can rebound like crazy and hit 50% from three.  Not impossible, but the heatles 8 on 5 factor will likely prevail
idontsweatyou::Ive been saying it for months, i think the Pacers will knock out the Heat
nba is the worst::The head to head matchups in the last 2 seasons is pretty convincing - Pacers have won 2 games...
idontsweatyou::Miami only won 4 more games than the Pacers
idontsweatyou::You dont think the Pacers can take the series?
Nap317town::Highly? We are the 3 seed, they are the 2... Big stretch.
nba is the worst::It would be funny, but highly unlikely
PacerFan19a::We may be more rested by then if we take care of Orl fast.
GeX.01::yeah i hope d12 recovers fully though.  he may be a prima donna but hes the most exciting center in the league (and i would hate for a freakin laker to surpass him)
PacerFan19a::I was pleased when I heard the news haha
GeX.01::you guys lucked out with that matchup!
dabears8606::So, The playoff will begin on Sat, right?  And all of the series will go Sat game 1, Sun game 2, Mon travel day?
dabears8606::ohhhh, We should know tonight right?
dabears8606::What do you think a game 5 of the ECF vs the Heat.   Sec 331, row 1 would go for...$125?
dabears8606::Yea, I will go to 1 game per round, either game 1 or 2.   I can buy a game 5 or 7 but its at market value not face value....because we split what me make off those tix
idontsweatyou::That would totally suck, but better in the later rounds , right dabears?
dabears8606::Im in a group on 5 dudes with season tix....we sell games 5, 6, and 7 and put it towards next year.   So I can only go to one game per round and if the game I get is sat.....that will blow
GeX.01::gotcha.  well good luck!
idontsweatyou::What ?
dabears8606::The problem is I dont have first pick so if the dude im in with takes game 2...im screwed so Im hoping for a Sunday game 1
GeX.01::bears do game 2 as it will for sure not be saturday
PacerFan19a::Yea i think we will get the schedule tonight. If you guys play on Saturday game 2 is probable mon or tue
dabears8606::I ask becasue I get either game 1 or game 2 of the Bulls series and I cant go on Saturday
PacerFan19a::No there is 4 games on sat and 4 on sun. At the end of the weekend everyone has played game 1.
dabears8606::All this Bulls Celts talk makes me look forward to a KG vs Noah playoff series....that will be worth the price of admission  They both have made it no secret they do not like eachother
GrizzK4::Just call me the damage control master!
Dem_Canes_Man::ok...this "idontsweatyou" Bulls fan is a little crazy!
GrizzK4::And dengFEARSlebron! And smoody. And a few others.....thank God they're not here yet.
Dem_Canes_Man::@ Grizz:  The only internet tough guy I now is lebronFEARSdeng a.k.a. ChadHenne007! LOL!
Dem_Canes_Man::@ Grizz:  True that...I will drop it.
idontsweatyou::So have you, so whats your point? It least i was trying to be a good sport about it. Way to attract trolling
GrizzK4::It was apparently a great move by Doc to move him to Center, he's been killing it ever since!
idontsweatyou::Yeah , thats honestly pretty impressive, like i said, ill eat what i said. I really didnt know KG was having such a nice season
Dem_Canes_Man::why do I have to be a "loser"?  You have been talking crazy for quite some time now.
GrizzK4::He's been good Dem_Canes, no worries. Oh btw sweatyou, he's been averaging like 17-9 since the ASG, but looks like you already saw that :)
idontsweatyou::Why because i admitted a mistake, unlike anyone of u loser Heat fans, it least im man enough to admit it
Dem_Canes_Man::to be fair.....Noah is not on KG's level as a player.
idontsweatyou::LOL
GrizzK4::Or we could just have an INTERNET FIGHT!!!
Dem_Canes_Man::@ Gex:  lol..okay dude. We have been through this before. I enjoy good debating of the game. You know that already.   by the way..I don't agree with every Pro-Heat statement...False!
GeX.01::screw it, im not gonna go down that road.  ur right grizz
GrizzK4::We all know you're both not homers, just settle down! Don't attract the trolls, it's been a good break from them!
Dem_Canes_Man::@ Gex:  you know I am not a homer. stop reaching!
GeX.01::and you calilng ME a homer is a joke.  you're the biggest homer here.
idontsweatyou::I agree with Canes, Noah isnt a great offensive threat. But his D makes up for it
GeX.01::then you misread what i'm saying.  again having watched many bulls-celtics games, any time noah is on KG, it works out HUGELY in our favor.  dont forget that it frees up boozer, which is very important.
idontsweatyou::I take that back, Garnett has played very well this season, my bad. Honest mistake
Dem_Canes_Man::@ Gex:  I see where you are coming from, but I refute your "KG can't hang with Noah" mantra! Noah is not showing up on the scouting report as an unstoppable force.
GeX.01::not to mention it leaves boozer wide open to go crazy on offense, and he has a much easier defensive matchup in bass.  honestly the C's are a very favorable matchup for chicago.
idontsweatyou::Really, how many points per game has he averaged?
GrizzK4::KG has been on fire since the ASG, can't say he doesn't do anything. He's been key in how good the C's have been in the second half of the year! But the Noah/Garnett matchup will be super entertaining!
GeX.01::comon canes.  Normally the matchup was KG / Boozer.  Noah defending KG is a nightmare for the celtics, and though noah's offense is limited, KG again will have difficulty guarding him.
idontsweatyou::Have u watched KG this season, he doesnt do anything?
Dem_Canes_Man::@ Yo11:  yeah....Noah would be perfect for Miami.
Dem_Canes_Man::@ Gex.01  homer talk??
idontsweatyou::Well when KG was in his prime obviously not, but at the moment Noah is better.
Dem_Canes_Man::KG is still a match up nightmare at times....Noah doesn't command attention like that.
GeX.01::noah and KG are different players.  KG is not a true center and frankly he won't be able to hang with Noah.
Yo11Centerfield9::Different type of player for sure.  He would be exactly the guy the Heat could use at C.
dabears8606::Clearly...KG is a hall of famer but Noah is younger and can match up with an old KG.
PacerFan19a::I like this Celtics team this year. They will have a since of urgency knowing it is their final chance together as a unit. I just dont think they have enough bigs to get past Chi in the 2nd round.
nba is the worst::So are the Bulls resting the starters tonight?  Pretty sure the Spurs will...
GeX.01::no they're trying to get into a rhythm for playoffs.
nba is the worst::Let's hope it doesn't backfire as far as that pesky injury bug
GrizzK4::Nah they'll play for like 20-25 minutes again to get the chemistry closer to normal!
Yo11Centerfield9::Nope
idontsweatyou::The Bulls are 21-0 when scoring 100 points or more
Dem_Canes_Man::many teams are tough when they score 100.
idontsweatyou::Not 21-0
dabears8606::I am going to be at the UC on Sunday, should be a 5 gamer to start, 6 gamer vs BOS..Mia...tbd
dabears8606::No, they are not. Tom T knows how to play the Celts though.
nba is the worst::Bulls aren't exactly "firing on all cylinders" - Celtics will be a major test
nba is the worst::The C's win over the Bulls was Rondo's best of the season, the 32-pt triple double.  C's won the rebounding 44-42
idontsweatyou::Bulls beat the Celts by 20 with their bench like 3 weeks ago
dabears8606::Number 1 rebounding team in the world...
Dem_Canes_Man::i think that the Bulls will hurt the C's bad on the boards....that will be the difference.
mdtuzo::Evan Turner (76ers), on facing Bulls (not Heat) in Round 1: "It means we're dodging the tougher team." ----  this is true
nba is the worst::Philly was 1-7 vs the two top seeds.  Which team did they beat?  No surprise, they will be lucky to win more than 1 game against either team in the playoffs
PacerFan19a::Its also true that they lose in 4-5 games.
PacerFan19a::Similar in both being up and coming teams with nice young talent. I like Philly as well but I feel the Pacers are just a step away from contending for the title.
GrizzK4::I'll give you that, the Pacers have a couple more players who will step up when it counts. Similar styles though.
PacerFan19a::I disagree with that. I like my team over Philly, we have much more depth and youth with our bigs. Granger and West have also been playing at an All-Star level this month.
GrizzK4::Philly is the Pacers with injury problems.
Dem_Canes_Man::disagree...the Bulls will handle Philly. Rose will be an issue for them.
mdtuzo::sixers could take it to 6 or 7, philly has a nice squad
PacerFan19a::So I take it im the first pacer fan on here in a while? lol
GrizzK4::Yep! Been all Bulls-Heat all morning!
PacerFan19a::How refreshing to talk basketball intelligently for a change.
GrizzK4::There are a few good ones, you have to look extra hard though ;)
Yo11Centerfield9::If you are referring to Dem_canes, then the answer is yes.  I always like seeing his name on the board.
PacerFan19a::I cant believe my eyes, are you a well mannered non bandwagon heat fan Dem_Canes?
Yo11Centerfield9::Or West dominates the East if nba is the worst is around
Dem_Canes_Man::yeah...Bulls / Heat dominate the boards man.
PacerFan19a::Its funny how many boards end up that way haha
PacerFan19a::If the Heat want to look past us and focus on the 3rd round fine, thats the way we want it.
themurph2007::Your own fans are.  Only 6 sellouts for a #3 seeded team?  Not exactly a dedicated fanbase.
nba is the worst::So what happened last night?  - Tim Duncan
GeX.01::frankly it wouldn't have mattered if SA had a chance to rebuttal.  IF they beat the bulls in CHI, the bulls would still have the next tiebreaker (vs. conference record).  possibly even the one after that.
idontsweatyou::Ok i see now, the Spurs have really played a harder schedule
Dem_Canes_Man::man...I can't even front. The West is the stronger conference by far.
Yo11Centerfield9::Yeah, something like that, but that just meant more home games for the 2nd half.  Spurs played better teams, but they had a shot to beat the Bulls and control their own fate.  They failed to do so.  Albeit they had no idea at the time that, that game may determine the overall #1 seed
idontsweatyou::Didnt the Bulls start the season with like 8 games on the road??
nba is the worst::idontsweatyou How did the Spurs have a tougher schedule? -=-=- Err - you still aren't up to speed on the unbalanced schedules?  Spurs opponents won more games, because the West has better teams.  I'ts not rocket science
Yo11Centerfield9::Nor are the Spurs.  The Bulls played without their starters for most of the season.
nba is the worst::They had a couple of more shots when their coach sat 3 starters after winning 11 straight games, twice.  Obviously, Popovitch was more worried about HCA in the west - and besides, Bulls certainly aren't a lock to get to the Finals
Yo11Centerfield9::By SOS standards the Spurs rank 6th and the Bulls rank 19th
GeX.01::i totally agree Centerfield.  would it have been more or less unfair had we lost?    and frankly the difference between an SOS of .511 versus .494 is almost negligible.  we're talking about 3.5%.
idontsweatyou::How did the Spurs have a tougher schedule?
Yo11Centerfield9::They had their shot.  They played at home.  Couldn't ask for a better opportunity.
Dem_Canes_Man::I can't lie...I totally agree.
nba is the worst::Truly amazing - the Spurs tie the Bulls for best record with a WAY tougher schedule, but don't get HCA should the teams meet in the Finals because they went 0-1 vs the Bulls, in the short season, with no 2nd game as would be the usual case.  What a joke the NBA is
Dem_Canes_Man::lol...Timmy!
draino25::gotta win the first round before you play the heat, concentrate on that one
dslick34::WTH!!! a Pacer fan sighting!
Dem_Canes_Man::finally...a Pacer fan! You guys are looking past the Magic though right?
GrizzK4::True story, the only way the Magic can take that series is if they are on FIRE from deep.
Dem_Canes_Man::yeah...they should win with D12 being out. If they can't take advantage of that...it would be a disgrace!
PacerFan19a::We need to watch out for Anderson and Richardson if they get hot from deep. Outside of that I feel we should be able to dominate.
GrizzK4::Whaaaaaat? A Pacer fan??? hahaha
GeX.01::who do you think sold the most jerseys this year?
Dem_Canes_Man::the NBA wins again.
Dem_Canes_Man::lol...yeah!
GrizzK4::Custom jerseys with Tebow on them.
dslick34::D-Rose
Dem_Canes_Man::Rose...I heard earlier.
soldier00013::artest, he will punch you in the face if you don't buy his jersey.
mccoywajmu::evan turner's mouth just got his team in a world of problems....if for a sec they thought the bulls would sleep through the first round they are awake now
GrizzK4::For real, I don't know why you would ever want to call out your opponent when they are clearly better than you. Any sneak-under-the-radar advantage they might have had, is GONE.
Dem_Canes_Man::umm...I would think that the Bulls were awake regardless.
draino25::does he even start for the team?
Dem_Canes_Man::I kind of feel bad with respect to the Pacers fans....all of this Heat/Bulls talk and the Pacers fans are not even here.
draino25::dont feel bad, only 2 relevant teams in the east are heat and bulls
nba is the worst::Celtics post allstar break record disagrees
soldier00013::i hate bandwagon fans like you, i hope you get explosive diarrhea and spend the playoffs in the hospital.
Dem_Canes_Man::lol...you are right. The Pacers is a better Philly-like team.
soldier00013::i am not looking past them. they are a damm good team. they will be a force to be reckoned with for years to come. if they can keep their core together of course.
draino25::the hawks have had a core of talented guys for a long time and they have never done anything, because they dont have true star power...without it you dont really have anything
dslick34::Turner is a weak minded $@%!$. Now if the Sixers somehow end up playing the Heat, Turner already showed that he's afraid to play them, by saying the Sixers are avoiding the tougher team. Don't worry Turner, you will be exiting early anyway no matter who the Sixers face in the first round.
Dem_Canes_Man::Philly is a horrible match up for Miami...just horrible. He seems to be very confident against the Bulls, but I got the Bulls in 5..real talk man.
Dem_Canes_Man::yeah...that is what hurts them in a match up with Miami...and they don't have a legit threat on the blocks. It's not a good look for Philly.
soldier00013::yeah the only one on that team that can defend is iguadala but he can't guard lebron and wade at the same time.
lebronFEARSdeng::i be on lata peace
Dem_Canes_Man::alright...hopefully dengFEARSlebron will be here! LOL...later dude!
lebronFEARSdeng::is it just me or tanking games to play certain teams seems like u dont trust your team to play other certain teams, if thats your mindset then how do u feel you are a champion, it should matter who u play, if u are a true champion on the inside, i mean if u do beat the bulls u still have to see miami anyway lol, whats the point, unless something unreal happens
Dem_Canes_Man::lol...Doug Collins led the charge to tank.
nba is the worst::What's been interesting is how the Knicks and Philly haven't tanked.  Seems like both teams want to play the heatles more than the Bulls
GeX.01::yeah i noticed that yesterday while both teams were playing.  obviously philly has the "advantage" of losing the tiebreaker to NY, so if NY tries to tank then PHI can just follow suit and be guaranteed the 8th seed...   but both teams were trying to win last night.
nba is the worst::That's what's strange - both teams have won every game since the Knicks got the 7 seed
GrizzK4::They both have players who have said they would rather play the Bulls. So I'm excited to see both teams going home in 5 games!
lebronFEARSdeng::knicks havent tanked i know that
nba is the worst::soldier00013 total number of fouls were even in that series, but of course you always cry about the refs. it is all you have. 17 Minutes Ago  Like  Reply  Quote  Flag -=-=- <b>Facts: Bulls 118 fouls, Heatles 100 Gm 4, 101-93 OT, heatles +16 fts; Gm 5, 83-80, Heatles +12 fts </b>
GrizzK4::I think we've moved on, worst. Don't fight last year with last year!
nba is the worst::Hey, it wasn't as fixed as the '06 Finals.  I'm just wondering if the same thing will happen this year for "the face of the NBA" - the MIAMI HEAT!
GrizzK4::Dammit worst, we were moving on!!! :P Can we just focus on THIS YEAR's playoffs pleeeeeeeeeease?
nba is the worst::Thanks GK.  The point is, the ref help wasn't just in ft totals, that's just where it's easy to quantify.  All the nocalls on heatles reach-ins and hacks, the shoulder into chest charges called blocking, and the touch fouls on the Bulls defense made it impossible for the Bulls to tie the series.  AGAIN, THE BULLS HAD HCA!
GrizzK4::I applied the Kobe system. And was a math tutor in college ;)
soldier00013::success upon success upon success.
Dem_Canes_Man::ok...I didn't know that you were a math whiz Grizz! LOL!!
GrizzK4::All of you are welcome.
Dem_Canes_Man::come on Worst....you are off your game today.
GrizzK4::Not how the math works, 118 is 18% more than 100. Yes, 100 is only 84.7% of 118, but he's saying the Bulls had 18% MORE fouls called on them. Both of your math is right, but just a stupid argument in the first place :P
soldier00013::100/118 = 84.7 percent. leaving you 15.3 percent increase. you are welcome.
nba is the worst::Ha ha - because the players are in control of the whistles.  So dumb...
Dem_Canes_Man::nah worst....it is 15%....
soldier00013::sure thing buddy. here is the kicker you want the heat not to get so many fts? then tell other teams to stop fouling and actually play defense. dallas was able to do it and they won.
nba is the worst::Dude, 118/100 =18% more.  Besides, 3 out of the 5 games were in Chicago - so that goes against the usual home court advantage. 28 more fts in 2 games won by 11 total points speaks for itself.  Heat didn't win vs the celtics or 76ers without at least 2 games with double-digit ft margins either.
soldier00013::check your math it is only 15% more.
nba is the worst::18% more fouls certainly isn't "even", now is it?  Pretty easy to win close road games when your team is handed 12 more chances to score undefended...
GrizzK4::The free throw difference was his main point I think. If we're going down the lines of conspiracy, then it's plenty easy for refs to call meaningless fouls on the floor against the Heat to even the foul count! But I think it was just the Heat's year last year, the Bulls had plenty of chances to win but couldn't do it.
soldier00013::so you think an average of 3.6+ fouls per game is not even? yeah that is clearly the refs helping the heat.
nba is the worst::Just had to rebut the "fouls were even in that series" BS.  Carry on!
lebronFEARSdeng::philly is all defense, they cant outrebound the bulls, score on the bulls, etc.....it should be a well defensive game though but , please philly, your requesting to walk pass a midget to fight a giant,
Dem_Canes_Man::Real talk though:  If it was 1 a game deal, then Philly could probably pull it off; as with NY, but to do it 4 out of 7.....it's not going to happen.
3Miami::Thats real talk...not to mention that there's 1 day to rest in between games...
nba is the worst::Supposed to be some B2Bs this season
GrizzK4::Which will probably benefit the Celtics/Spurs the most of anybody!
lebronFEARSdeng::1 game deal any game could with any team, thats why ncaa is hard to predict
lebronFEARSdeng::exactly
Dem_Canes_Man::that is why I like the NBA format better. The better team with the best match ups wins!
3Miami::You f*ckers are killing me with this upset talk.. Bulls vs Heat in the ECF.. all other teams are non-factors.. Let the games begin folks...
tmhall11::celtics yes, knicks yes, pacers maybe
soldier00013::no you have to take the pacers seriously and the celtics even though they are old will not be an easy out.
GrizzK4::I don't think anybody actually takes the Heat lightly. Everyone knows they are still the favorite and the team to beat, it's just respect that makes people talk so bad of them. They are the one team I'm actually worried about playing!
3Miami::vice versa dude... alot of people need to take the Heat seriously too.
nba is the worst::Celtics, yes.  Pacers, no.
GrizzK4::Agreed, outside of those 2 teams though? Not a whole lot to worry about, the Knicks might be a tough 1st round matchup IF, and a big IF, they are shooting well.
lebronFEARSdeng::upsets happen every year
Ref Dunked on you haha::The Bobcats are going to win the championship!!!!!!!!!!!
Miaminati::3 more assist isn't that much, if Durant wins the championship no more talk about lebron being the best player please.   Still I hope the Bulls win this year. But if not the thunder
draino25::you cant base a players talent on what the team does
draino25::and teams win championships not players....
draino25::not enough defense for the thunder
nba is the worst::korenbergj Nobody in the west plays defense -=-=- That explains all the titles coming from the west
Miaminati::How? Lebron in the top 10 in turnovers to. No one stays nothing about his turnovers though. Plus every superstar average above 3 turnovers
Miaminati::lol ibaka average almost 4 blocks. Plus they starting 5 is all talented defensively
korenbergj::Nobody in the west plays defense
Dem_Canes_Man::agreed! and too many turnovers on average.
lebronFEARSdeng::lmao ...even turner.......the 8th seed is talking crap about dodging a tougher team??...lets lose so we dont have to play the 2 seed and lets play the 1 seed lol,...never heard of that before,...please 76ers are gonna get destroyed, im sure the bulls team and coach were laughing hard about it,
Dem_Canes_Man::lol...I see that you read the article. Rick Da Villain said earlier that Evan and Rose are rivals from their days in Chicago.
GrizzK4::Turner is actually pretty sweet, a poor man's Grant Hill from back in the day. He can do pretty much everything!
lebronFEARSdeng::o really, who is evan turner though???
draino25::sixers match up better with the bulls...sixers have no one to stop james wade and bosh, the bulls dont have players teams are scared of
draino25::im not saying the sixers will win im just saying i understand why they are excited about playing the bulls rather than the heat.
lebronFEARSdeng::lmao,.....game on!!!!!!! lets go...........deng has shut down igula (however u spell it) every game this year lol,..i couple times under 14 points, please, philly is all defense and thats it
My former account got banned for trolling::sometimes i go up to my room and pretend im a carrot
nba is the worst::The biggest problem for the heatles is that lebr0n leads them in pts, ast, rebs, and steals.  How can the team possibly compensate when he freezes up under pressure?  Mike Miller had better be ready...
soldier00013::or you know the other HOF wade. good post though
Ref Dunked on you haha::Man I wish Miami had a game yesterday so drino25 would get the hell off this board.
GrizzK4::You know he'd be here either way.
lebronFEARSdeng::if anyone saw the ECF last year, the heat offense was horrible and bulls were worse, it was a defensive game all series, heat only averaged 85 points a game which is great defense by the bulls, but the heat defense was better and bulls had scoring issues with rose doing all the work, but this year bulls have same defense and better offense,
draino25::and what will be the difference this year?  rose will still have the ball at the end of games and will again be a non factor...what has changed?
GrizzK4::Because he's also been ON the court for half the season. Admittedly, there have been a couple games where I want to smack him upside the head for trying to do too much, but for the most part it's become much less of a one-man team and they are spreading the ball around.   I think both the Bulls and Heat improved this year really, they had a couple weaknesses that they shored up, the matchup should be insane this year.
draino25::he has been on the bench for over half the season how do you know anything has changed with him?
GrizzK4::Watch more basketball sir. Rose has taken a few steps back in the "I'm a Hero!" side of his game, which has been nice. He's not a good enough shooter to always throw up the last shot. This year it looks like he's realized that a bit and has been facilitating more. But no matter what he does it's the wrong choice, so whatever.
nba is the worst::Korver is on fire!
draino25::who does he have that he didnt have last year?  and please dont say rip because he has been the most inconsistent player in the league this year, and has been a non factor against the heat.
lebronFEARSdeng::rose has more offense help this year and more trust with his teammates,
lebronFEARSdeng::some heat fans just act like the heat just couldnt be stopped, bulls did great on defense on the heat last year, we just couldnt score
Dem_Canes_Man::ok...10-4 sir!
lebronFEARSdeng::im not talking to u dem
Dem_Canes_Man::never said that Chad....
GrizzK4::Wow, I leave for a few minutes and all of the sudden the trolls are out in force!!! Bringing up the same old arguments about: 1- last year, 2- regular season doesn't matter (now that you are out of the #1 running), 3- Bench doesn't matter, etc.  Of course I forgot to realize that the Heat won't have any foul trouble in the playoffs, that's not how Stern wants it. So their bench won't be used very much.
Dem_Canes_Man::lol...I see that you are fired up Grizz! What's up with Evan Turner calling out the Bulls though??
GrizzK4::Philly will lose, NY will lose, they'll both shut their mouths.
Dem_Canes_Man::Philly will not get past the Bulls....any rational fan should see that.
GrizzK4::Meh, we got Evan Turner and Jared Jeffries doing the same thing, a couple of scrubs that will be put in their place. I'm really not worried for a second about the 1st round!   And I'm fired up due to trolls like soldier and draino who really just have hate to spew. Nothing productive out of them, it's out of their ability range to talk respectful basketball.
lebronFEARSdeng::brb
Dem_Canes_Man::check your ESPN Chicago page.
lebronFEARSdeng::he is evan turner, and what did he say
soldier00013::yes cause the only reason the heat beat the bulls is because of the refs. i suppose rose shooting 25% in the ECF had nothing to do with their loss.
soldier00013::that is all you ever say. now you are a liar as well as a cry baby.
nba is the worst::I never said that either.  soldier clearly has a guilty conscience!
GrizzK4::You're reaching pretty damn far, I never said that was the only reason they lost! I'm not nbaistheworst :P
Dem_Canes_Man::@ Worst:  Sorry dude, but I had to fact-check your 80% claim like they do during election time. Your 80% round up is a terrible reach.   The actual number of the big 3 scoring is 68%! Nothing personal! :)
nba is the worst::;)  Watch what happens when the heatles "tighten up the rotations" in the playoffs
Dem_Canes_Man::well, we know that they will go 8 deep; which is normal for teams in the post season.
soldier00013::they only score that many points because of the refs.   -nba_is_the_worst
draino25::http://youtu.be/y3X274lz3wY  even the greatest player off all time gets crossed sometimes
Rick-Da-Villain::Lebron got dunked on by a high schooler..big deal..it happens to all
lebronFEARSdeng::that dunk was over rated if u saw it, way over rated, he didnt even dunk on lebron
lebronFEARSdeng::as a bulls fan i laugh at that ,...jordan got f##kked up on that crossover
lebronFEARSdeng::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TqHx-Ta16AU ------------- deng crossing up lebron above lol
draino25::remember when iverson made jordan fall over?
lebronFEARSdeng::u said he fell over
draino25::jordan didnt freeze he went the other way
lebronFEARSdeng::he didnt fall over , jordan just froze and jordan dropped 50 that night, but yes a.i. messed him up bad
Dem_Canes_Man::it happens in this league....everybody will get it at this level.
lebronFEARSdeng::i know lol
draino25::was that the game where deng scored 9 in the first quarter and then 2 the rest of the game?
lebronFEARSdeng::miami best chance to win is if big 3 all are on fire both sides of the ball, and bulls best chance is defense and rebounding and the bench plays
Rick-Da-Villain::i disagree about wade and lebron putting up big numbers to beat da bulls...bosh ..haslem..and miller with of course lebron..killed da bulls ...bulls just have to play better defense,  and not let the non all-stars help kill them
nba is the worst::Bulls have a great chance if the officiating is fair.  If it's like last year's gms 4 and 5, the result will be the same...
nba is the worst::Ha ha, nothing says "defensive" quite like describing one-sided officiating as "crying".  Did you know every made ft is worth a point?  Players actually don't call fouls that result in fts - referees do.  Hmmm
soldier00013::total number of fouls were even in that series, but of course you always cry about the refs. it is all you have.
nba is the worst::gm 4, heatles +16 fts, gm 5 in Chi, +12.  Facts aren't excuses.
Miaminati::yeah I remember that. The refs was horrible. They even got youtude videos talking about how horrible the refs was in that series
draino25::then pound the ball inside
lebronFEARSdeng::i try my best not to use ref excuses but im sick of miami and the refs
draino25::only chance the bulls have is if wade and lebron arent putting up numbers.
Rick-Da-Villain::To say lebron equals up to 3 of da bulls top starters is pretty idiotic to say..thats the case..Miami would never had james..he'd still be in Cleveland winning titles by himself
draino25::what i ment was take the things that each of those players do best, and lebron does them better
Rick-Da-Villain::Oh ok
lebronFEARSdeng::in a game of one on one, kobe and durant would torcher lebron
