brandonkeller5::Do you guys think Paul George is going to be a Superstar? I read this cool article that seems to think he will not http://3andd.com/2013/03/07/anatomy-of-a-superstar-small-forward/
Nathaniel1866::everytime barg gets alot of minutes they lose
YDoIKeepGettinBanned::Love seeing the heat fans taking the time out of their pathetic lives to comment on pacer games.  Must be scared.
beavis4play::they're not fans - they're trolls. i like the heat but think indy definitely has a shot against miami.  i'd love to see heat/pacers ECF - that would be an intense series. both teams are good and i don't think they like each other at all.
jack_the_baller::i hope the pacer know they are wasting thier time just to lose to the heat in the playoffs again
Franco2187::oo wow indiana beat toronto again
Mrklit::So even after the heat win it all again, all you haters still won't bow down? Still gonna have an excuse like "half season" or "they cheat"? I've heard "well this is the last one cause stern is leaving" or refs just getting paid by Micky"
mnsportswopwopwahhh::yes all those things and more!
iggytoole::Landry Fields signing isn't really working out so far.
ima skins fan13::I feel bad for Rudy Gay. Betrayed for mony by the team he loved and now he's the only starter on the team to score more than 9 points? Hope it works out for him in the end.
bradyandjrich::He is certainly doing his part. Toronto has promise, too.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::It will. He is on a team with more potential and a better opportunity to go farther than the one he was on. Memphis has no one to take that shot to win anymore.
Jbrad24seven113::Lets revisit this Grizz are 9-3 &amp; Raptors are 7-6 since the trade   Hmmmm...
Jbrad24seven113::And as for needin somebody to hit the big shot..  http://youtu.be/uthODtcLGTI  http://youtu.be/zDHjhwUV2kQ  http://youtu.be/st0xeIOuHpU  http://youtu.be/jPWvZiRxVRQ  ..pretty sure we'll be alright..  Rudy may have had his share of buzzer beaters for us.. But he lost more for us than he won by trying to be the man at the end of games..
Jbrad24seven113::Hahaha.. That's why we went the furthest we've ever gone in the playoffs without Rudy.. If grizz were an east team they'd be in the ECF every yr.. And I'm sorry but didnt the grizz jus come to ur house &amp; shut down Mr. Gay?!?! Please tell me again how raptors are better.. And the reason Rudy looks like the only one that can hit a shot.. Is because he takes all the shots..
BobGriffin666::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwcZIH2FJHg  Game 6 series over
Daltin1235::The kcuf is this tihs.
BobGriffin666::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g572bKkxBgQ  Game 5
BobGriffin666::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zlHmHKzl7eU  Game 4
PaulGeorgeisFuture::good game Raptors fans, always enjoy playing you guys, you have a classy fan base on here
TDOTNATION22::Paul Goerge has a potential to be a Superstar. Next TMac, or even Better
hoops 112hoping::HEY i have a important question for you. How does this paul george in his 3rd year compare to T-Mac in his 3rd year in Toronto? If you've watched him.... I'm asking this because i know Paul George will probably be a mix of Scottie Pippen and T-Mac but how much of each is what i'm curious about.
hoops 112hoping::well i'm guessing George is a better defender, shooter, and rebounder while T-Mac was a better slasher and passer in their 3rd years.
TDOTNATION22::3rd year W/ the Raptors he wasn't on different planet. That was he's fourth year w/ the Magic
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Not even close. T Mac was on another planet in his 3rd year compared to George. If T Mac didn't get hurt he would have been up with the greats of the game
TDOTNATION22::He's Clearly Better, but George is the go to guy, T Mac was coming of the bench for VC. that's why he left to the Magic and later became a star. But i'll tell right now he'll be better than T-Mac, If he's Healthy. Paul George has nothing Scottie Pippen has to different players.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Game could have gone either way really. The difference was the Raptors GM is twisted in the brain and is forcing our coach to put wacky line ups etc on the floor which causes us to lose period. That is it. Brian Colangelo is whacked out of his mind and is F ing over the Raps
TDOTNATION22::GM has no fault in this game. Is the Coach and Players, so blame on Dwane Casey, Not Bryan. Dwane does this Rotation.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Are you serious? The Asst Coach wears an earpiece that is connected to the upper deck where BC and the brass sit. It is like that in all sports. I can't believe you didn't know that. Are you by any chance between the ages of 13-17?
TDOTNATION22::Yeah! Is the GM on the bench telling Casey what to do? No he's nowhere near Casey. Beside this game was clearly over he did the right thing. Gay was hurt, and tomorrow is a big game vs Bucks.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Seriously? You actually think that??? You actually think that Casey, a renowned defensive specialist wants Bargs playing 20+ minutes? JV on the bench in the 4th? You think that we are within 9 with 4 minutes left and it is Casey that wants TRoss, Double A, Bargs, JL3 and Acy on the floor? Give your head a shake!!!
TDOTNATION22::Raptors are making it Next year
n88nick06::lol.. yeah right
Celtics are too good::yea 5 teams from the Atlantic can make the playoffs now
TDOTNATION22::I said the Last year...Still a close call next year.  Knicks3rd Raptors5th Nets6th Celts7th Sixers(IDK what will they do w/ Bynum)
dsync::Anyone watch this? How did Granger look?
pacerpride35::He played well. His shooting last night and tonight was solid, a combined 8-for-15 after going 2-for-17 in his first two games. If he would've played the second half tonight, he probably would've finished with somewhere between 16 and 20 points.
Jerry West.::I only managed to watch the 2nd half... he only played in the first half.
TDOTNATION22::NVM he did. 8pts 3-5 10min. He played a back to back game. Lower the minutes.
TDOTNATION22::Did he even play?
TDOTNATION22::Damn the Pistons are right with the Raptors and Sixers. Well is not like we all have chance to the playoffs
Giv.Brees. Sum.MVPees::4-4 in last 8. Too good!
Giv.Brees. Sum.MVPees::celtics are weak
Celtics are too good::11-4 without rondo and sully
Celtics are too good::The East is weak
IndianaHoosiersPacerFan31::I wonder if Hibbert is going to pull a Paul George. Lowest point of his season was against Golden State as well, then he plays pretty well from what I see statistically. Could have rebounded a lot more though. Didn't get to watch, so may not know the whole story.
Giv.Brees. Sum.MVPees::Had a little foul trouble and stayed in. Might have caused him to be less aggressive. Otherwise great game in the paint.
Giv.Brees. Sum.MVPees::You know heat fans are scared when they start relentlessly trolling.
Colby Brian Brick Mamba::The Heat will probably go 16-0 or 16-1 in the playoffs
PaulGeorgeisFuture::no.........
Colby Brian Brick Mamba::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ir2TdfSwH8g
PaulGeorgeisFuture::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DAR3L85rXAU
Jerry West.::I like how this boy has no response to my post earlier
Colby Brian Brick Mamba::U mad bro?
Colby Brian Brick Mamba::Lebron James 1 ring and counting Indiana Pacers franchise 0 rings and not counting
Brian012lphs::$@%!$@ ALERT!!!!
Colby Brian Brick Mamba::LeHaters are cutting veins tonight
Colby Brian Brick Mamba::Lëbrøñ
Colby Brian Brick Mamba::Lëbrøñ
Colby Brian Brick Mamba::RETREAT, RETREAT    -LeHaters
Hoosier Fan In SC::you're trying waaayyyy too hard....you'll have better luck on a board where people actually care
Hoosier Fan In SC::Hey! We won a road game! whoo hoo!! lol
Colby Brian Brick Mamba::Lebron is the only player to have a horrible game but still almost have a triple double, What a Boss!!
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Seriously I am about to leave but why are you posting here? Do you have an alternate account on this page?
Colby Brian Brick Mamba::When 18 8 10 is your worst game YOU ARE THE MVP
Colby Brian Brick Mamba::Lebron 14 4th qtr pts......Thats about what Paula averages for a game
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Who cares? The only people who care about LeBron are Miami fans. There is none here.
Colby Brian Brick Mamba::Lebrons worst night of the year are still better numbers than "the great" Paula George averages
Daltin1235::Big difference between Paul George and a guy who looks like he's absorbing more HGH than urine I'm pi$$ing on a daily basis.
Colby Brian Brick Mamba::LeBrons worst night of the season 18pts 10 assists 8 rebounds 1 turnover
Jerry West.::4-14
lumberjackdirk::Andrea Bargnani is 7-feet tall, played 33 minutes and got the same amount of rebounds in this game as everyone on this board.  I'd say he has an appropriate first name but that's an insult to all chicks named Andrea.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::As the most die hard Raptor fan you will ever talk to, you are being much to lenient on him.
brockness22::Le 4-14
Colby Brian Brick Mamba::Lebron had a Paula George type game shooting except he still almost had a triple double
Jerry West.::George vs Jamie head-to-head this year  Jamie: 19-37, 50 pts, 16 reb, 7 ast, 10 turnovers George: 18-38, 44 pts, 17 reb, 8 ast, 4 turnovers  Oh yeah, the Pacers won both games by double-digits.
Jerry West.::lol, you're a funny boy.
Colby Brian Brick Mamba::Is that Paulas best game of the season vs Lebrons worst game of the season?
Jerry West.::Feb 23, 2013: George, 5-14, 12 pts, 12 reb, 8 ast Tonight: LeBrick, 4-14, 18 pts, 8 reb, 10 ast
Colby Brian Brick Mamba::LeKing
sldmitch::LeShutThe#@%*Up
Colby Brian Brick Mamba::LeBeast
Colby Brian Brick Mamba::LeChamp
Colby Brian Brick Mamba::LeClutch
fosterwhitlock::Glad to have hibbert back
Jerry West.::Remember when some GS fans were trashing the East and calling it weak? So far they are 0-3 on their East Coast trip.
Rexanilatorz::haha lebron just totally airballed a 3 pointer
PaulGeorgeisFuture::LeBron, KD, Kobe, all of them care about their stats, what I love about Paul George is he doesn't care if he has bad stats for the the game, the only stat he cares about is the final score
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Andrea Bargnani would be a DNP if it was up to Casey. Think about this stat for a second. With Bargs in the lineup this season the Raptors are 7-23. Without him? 14-13. It is pretty obvious what the problem is. He is a waste that kills every single Raptor game. You saw it firsthand tonight.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Hey I wanted to answer your question from earlier about Gay and DeRozan not playing the 4th. Our GM Brian Colangelo is twisted in his mind and is forcing Casey to play the dumbest lineups during the game. It is embarrassing as a Raptor fan to see what this guy is going though to try and prove he is some basketball genius that he is NOT.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Tanking for what? We have no first round pick this year. It is OKC. It is our GM Brian Colangelo sabatoging the team. It is scary to think he has been our GM for 6 years as he picked Bargs 1st overall and has done nothing since. The owners of the Raptors MSLE are hockey guys and could care less about th Raptors becuz the building is sold out every night. It is so frustrating to be a Raptor fan right now. We have a starting 5 that can play with anyone and they share minutes with our bench scrubs.
PaulGeorgeisFuture::yea, i didn't understand it, you had it down to like 11 with 4 minutes left and you left Gay and DeRozan out of the game, looks like you are tanking
jwright520::haha is that mike bibby? who the hell is that pg for memphis
Rexanilatorz::Bayless?
WashingtonHusker27::Yeah it's Bayless
Jerry West.::Why wasn't that missed dunk by LeBron counted as a missed FG? Stat scorers cheating for him?
Rexanilatorz::ugh Tony Parker just got helped off the floor with a leg injury hope it isn't serious
jwright520::yeah me too
jwright520::LeBron's such a little faker
jwright520::I think that LeBron and Obama are secretly the same person
rk6326::I like Obama better.
jwright520::for me it's like picking between eating coleslaw or a raw onion, or somethin
Nervous Wreck After That Day::I feel like the Pacers are gonna try to trade Granger+George Hill to try to get a PG that can set up their big man and take over the offense. There are a lot of PGs out there so I wonder who they will get.
NealIndy::Put the crack.. pipe.. down.
jwright520::not happening
Jerry West.::This team is too close for a trade like that.
Rexanilatorz::Hill isn't getting traded
jwright520::i'm pretty sure I just witnessed LeBron ask two different refs if they'd give him the next call.. he said "thank you" so i'm pretty sure they agreed to it
