Tyler Moss::Time to repeat what was done last night Rip City
Jon McMindes::At the game. If your going to lose why waste minutes on Salmons and Thorton? Let's see McLemore play....
Ernest Bagdasaryan::I wouldn't mind seeing that, mclemore has played really smart today. Im also curious to know why ray mcallum has not been given a few mins here and there. He was pretty impressive at preseason, that deserves at least 5-10 mins a game.
Russ Harris::Why does Sac guard Vasquez get so much hype?           So far this year, I am not impressed.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::russ harris: because of his assist numbers, its only game 6 of an 82 games season on a new team, takes time to adjust with new teammates/new coach. Basketball 101.
Tyler Moss::Vasquez will help that Kings team grow and mature
Jacob Fagan::Vasquez is a good distributor. Remember his teammates have to make the shots & also, most of the game they run ISOs.
Brock Pine::P-town by 10.
Brandon Hansen::Lol people are stupid. Starting lineup should be 1. Thomas 2. Ben 3. Salmons (who shouldn't start but we don't have a better option) 4. Thompson 5. Cousins first off the bench should be 1. Jimmer 2. Jimmer/ray (depending on the situation) 3. Patterson 4. ??? Can't stand outlaw or Hayes
Brandon Hansen::Kings should of traded Thornton salary to a contender for a SF or back up center but we decided to let jimmer leave lol like his defense is worse then anyone else on the team.
Jacob Fagan::Starting lineup doesn't matter
Jacob Fagan::Just because Vasquez doesn't score a lot, doesn't mean he is more of a true/better PG than Thomas. Vasquez would have good numbers if the team actually made some shots. 16% from 3PTs is terrible.
Jacob Fagan::Rotation: 1. Vasquez ( 31 ) 2. McLemore (30) 3. Salmons ( 20 ) 4. Thompson (26) 5. Cousins (35)  6. Thomas (31) 7. Patterson ( 26 ) 8. Thornton ( 20) 9. Hayes ( 9 ) 10. Fredette (9) 11. Outlaw (3) 12. McCallum (0)
Ryan Hastings::Starting lineup should be Cousins, Patterson, Mbah a Moute, McLemore, and Thomas.  I would even play McCallum over Vasquez for his defense and length.  He also showed capable play in the preseason.    Jason Thompson looks like a good player as well.    Sacramento has too much talent on the roster to be so bad...
Cory Nope::Theyve sucked for the last decade, so why would you want them to rebound with an empty roster and a lottery loaded with talent at the positions you need?
Cory Nope::*wing empty
Ryan Hastings::Kings need to a) start McLemore over Thornton.  Thornton thrives in a role where he's the main offensive option.  He keep trying to be that as a starter but Thomas and Cousins are more reliable as #1 and #2 options.  Might as well give McLemore a shot if you're going to spend such a high pick on the guy.
Ryan Hastings::Sorry, my b) is start Thomas over Vasquez.
Stephen Smith::The PG rotation has been wildly inconsistent from game to game.  I cannot follow Thomas and Fredette without thinking that there is a dart board involved in the playing time.
Jacob Fagan::Hm..i wonder why the rotation is changing? Maybe it is because we keep losing? BTW, you have to change the rotation a lot, because of defensive/offensive match ups. At least think about why the rotation is changing.
Jacob Fagan::Idc about the starting lineup, but I want this lineup together to have the most minutes: Thomas, Vasquez, McLemore, Thompson, Cousins.
Fred M. King::I also think Thomas should be starting.  Much better thqan Vasquez....tonight anyway.
Fred M. King::"than"....darn fat fingers!
Cory Nope::Doesnt matter who you start- really. Theyre spare parts at the moment. You dont have a major scorer  at the 2-3 until McLemore develops, or you flip some of thos espare parts for a vet or two.
Nick Campbell::man... still no one talking about this? I mean we are 6 games in, I get it but... where did blazermania go?
Ryan McCormack::its the whole facebook comment section that has killed it, the old comment secton would have hundreds of hits by now
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Ryan McCormack: Agree 100 percent, i remember when game comments were filled even for teams like the bobcats a year or two ago lol. I dont know what espn was thinking changing this whole format in the comment section to Facebook. Final game prediction Cousins goes beast mode in the 2nd half, and kings win by a few pts.
Jacob Fagan::Couldn't care less about winning right now. Just develop.
Nick Campbell::Portland by 9. Cousins gets ejected after throwing an Elbow in the 4th.
John Richardson::Score guess was pretty close, but Cousins dropped 33/12 on y'all.  Recognize.
Greyhound Rick::Sacramento, you are flat terrible! What a joke!
Jacob Fagan::1-5…step closer to Wiggins.
Anthony Rodriguez::Is Thomas Robinson officially a bust yet
Dale Patrick Krause::Is Demarcus Cousins hurt?
Ernest Bagdasaryan::no dale, he picked up 2 early fouls in the first 6 mins.
Anthony Sousa::Kings Hold Court
