cornmonster23::Ill be dissapointed if they trade him. They should give him max salary at end of season or extend his contract now. They saved huge cap space by dealing marvin and my boy jj. If they get rid of morrow who barely plays they can still afford him and the incoming rookies. HE'S A FRANCHISE PLAYER
moosiphoosus::I agree.  I don't want him to be traded but don't think he will get a max deal but right under the max. I believe the Hawks should match whatever another team is willing to give
AtlSmith1024::I'd be disappointed if they trade him as well but I don't think he is worth the max, but maybe close to it. Granted no one but the Hawks front office knows what trades are on the table so there very well could be a trade worth making.  I'm sure they have a good idea of what they want in return and if it isn't there, they obviously won't make a deal.
DBlock044::Hawks could easily be 2nd best team in the east if they hit their stride after the all star break.
moosiphoosus::Not without Williams and a serviceable 7pt 10 rbs Center moving Al to PF and Josh to SF.
AtlSmith1024::I would totally agree if Williams wasn't injured for the rest of the season. The Hawks are still very good but it is going to be difficult to get the #2 seed in the east.
57Gerger::I've been following a bet system called SportsBettingStar a few months back. Since I started playing this system I have doubled my money in just two months. You can find this system on the first page of google if you search the words Sports Betting System.
PHXsuns4::Aaaaaand how much exactly are they paying you to post this on every comment section on every game?
I live in my car::So now you've got $2 vs $1 ??  THAT'S AWESOME
natsnumbrone::I can't believe J-Smoove has actually improved his shot. And people were telling me I was crazy....
cornmonster23::Melo not playing in the allstar game. Can I hear a Josh Smith replacement?
moosiphoosus::That's what i am hoping...Let Smoove get some all-star action. I think he would get two dunks
glenn30126::J smooth is Lebron James without a jumpshot...oh wait...he has that now!
dgreen978::and that is why I am saying he has yet to reach his true potential and providing he signs back with atlanta and brings in some help maybe howard, how tough will it be to play the hawks and the best part would be that the nba would be $@%! that howard left LA and went back home.  I really want to stick this offseason in the nba's bottom line.
dgreen978::Atlanta needs a coach that will say $@%! the nba.  I will build a team that will compete and compete hard and play for championships.  I am tired of the fact that the hawks employ "nice guys" who coach as opposed of coaches who light fires under their team's belly.  I am tired of coaches who are lucky enough to have a team already made with stars becoming superstars.  The best way to improve the nba is to have a finals with two teams making their first appearance; that is why I am loving the implosion of the lakers right now.
Erasisn::I feel what you're saying, but none of it matters unless they get a superstar. They could hire Rich Carlisle tomorrow and probably finish with the same record or maybe a few games better than where they will finish now.
dgreen978::For the hawks to attract stars who want to play in the A, the hawks need to find a way to be a more complete team and win the title and be in the conversation but I just don't see the nba allowing a team like Atlanta winning the championship much less reaching the conference finals.  Atlanta needs good management, a good coach that the players will play for, and definitely an owner or owners who will do what it takes to win...Build the team with basketball player like the Braves built the team with baseball players.
moosiphoosus::Fear the A...Fear the A!!!!!!!!!!
Erasisn::The problem with the Hawks is ownership. They are owned by a group whose primarily interest in the team is profit and not winning. Falcons have Arthur Blank who is more interested in winning, he makes his money from that orange hardware company.
AtlSmith1024::I would have agreed before but the ASG has their legal troubles behind them and have turned the reigns over to Danny Ferry.
natsnumbrone::Falcons have done a nice job buliding up the team these past 5 years too. They were pretty mediocre.
dgreen978::Mediocre is being kind, they were bad when they were in the West.  It seems all of Atlanta sports is trying to build a better team; let hope we become the first city to win a championship in the big 3 the same year...lol.
dgreen978::To let Josh Smith get away reminds me of when the Lenny Wilkens and the Atlanta Hawks brass traded Dominique Wilkens for Danny Manny.  Atlanta can not allow Josh to walk away and trading him is not a good idea because even if they did get young players, it will just remind everyone of the Wilkens/Manning trade.  For some odd reason, Josh has not reach his potential and for him to score like he did clearly shows he has not reach his ceiling but sadly to say, maybe it is also the coaching.
moosiphoosus::Good luck to getting a "top notch" center from your quotes of... A  - Josh having a basketball iq of a five year old B - Josh wants a near max deal otherwise he's leaving as a free agent   Would you give away a "top notch" Center for these characteristics?
Erasisn::Josh Smith isn't Wilkins. A. Josh has a basketball iq of a five year old and B. he wants a near max deal otherwise he's leaving as a free agent anyways. Let him go, trade him Ferry and let's get a top notch center on the squad.
SportsFan8916::and to get excited over the possibilty of getting Dwight and CP3..First of all CP3 is with a better player right now..Blake who is better than Dwight in all ways..he's strong which can be comparable to Dwight ( Dwight has that edge actually) but he shoots better, he's healthier, and his more aggressive..and Clippers are just a better team than the Hawks period..they have more weapons on and off the bench ..Dwight is getting older..his injuries are being magnified and his game hasn't improved in the past 4 years really..he's not aggressive and he can't shoot 10 feet away from the hoop..Al is better than him in that prospective..so what great will it do to bring him to ATL?
djsallysal::im not arguing that but to say a 2 million dollar player for a 6 time allstar isnt true
SportsFan8916::i mean he wasn't consistent    he was a bum half of the nights..chose when he wanted to play..scoring 40 one night and 8 the other is inexcusable..u can't argue that    point is he wasn't worth what they gave him
djsallysal::joe played like a 2 million dollar player really?
djsallysal::lol he said the heat could get cp3
SportsFan8916::no. i did not  i was giving an example of other teams reaching out to free market star players    dumb $@%
SportsFan8916::and if u Do attract a star player it'l be ONLY because the money..and we've seen situations like that..players who want to win wanna play in a title contending city..ATL isn't that..so u'd have to bribe him with a killer contract like Joe Johnson's..a dude who clearly had no motivation to play for that city..so u guys gave a guy a 100 mil dollar contract and he played like a 2 million dollar player..no win win
SportsFan8916::honestly bro i don't even know who the Hawks can get that will make them a threat..iggy Al and CP3 won't be close to enough..it's not like CP3 had a lousy squad with the Hornets..he's another player who needs a lot around him to get far..Hawks won't bring more than 2 stars   trust me...because if u have guys like him on the market..other teams like the Heat, Knicks, and Nets..possibly Bulls to  will reach out despite their financial status..and u'd be a fool to say that star player would choose Hawks over all of those teams/ cities
hussein623::i just think he can fit in well with the hawks
SportsFan8916::lol did u watch him on the Sixers? to sit there and beg to have a player like that is a joke    dude provides just as much as a spark as Joe Johnson..one day he'l be a beast and the next he'l put up 8 points
hussein623::iggy
SportsFan8916::u still gotta do a lot of building around him..who else do u think they'd go for?
hussein623::i dont even want dwight, just cp3
SportsFan8916::Magic have decent players..just sorry $@% coaching and management..Stan Van Gundy was no better..his play was predictable that's why they went from killing the Hawks 4-0 in the playoffs to losing them the next year..Hawks knew the Magic would depend on the 3 and if that wasn't an option, they'd pass it to Howard inside..just !$@%!$ coaching man..Larry Drew is a decent coach but he has no leader on his team..Hawks just have decent guys like Teague and Al but them together will never amount to nothing unles u guys add Lebron and Kobe to the team..Hawks need  to rebuild as much as the Magic do
hussein623::i will say that vuce is a boss. that guy is legit
SportsFan8916::i mean a top 4 team hell no but there's no reason they shouldn't be in the playoffs this year given how lousy the East is alone..the Magic are and will be in a serious drought but we've seen their past..they had Shaq and other great names..did well  then he left and they went downhil until the next wave with dudes like Penny..then McGrady..then they left and they went downhill..got Dwight..did well and now he's gone..so we're just a roller coaster franchise and right now we're just riding thru it..hopefully we'l get new ownership/ management/ coaching and really look to rebuild this team      they are embarrassing
hussein623::jj, nelson and vuce all deserve better than the magic, even with coaching, sorry but the magic wouldnt be that good
moosiphoosus::These are descent players but all role players at this point. Nelson is a player but now 30 yrs old....jj is a pure shooter - he will always have a job but as a one trick pony..  its cool though.  You're a Magic's fan
SportsFan8916::Magic have decent players..Hawks just have better coaching..u mean to tell me J.J., Nelson, Fonso and Vuce suck? there's no reason they should have the record they do...but Al needs more than one star..bro Johnson, Crawford, Smith, Rich, and Al were nice enough and u guys did nothing with that squad..it won't get better than that
hussein623::uhh no hes on the right team, we just need a star player to help him out thats it. I really like vucevic, hes beast, and I believe he deserves better than the magic
SportsFan8916::there's no other guy like AL on that team..of course he'l dominate the board..i mean he's a good player no doubt but he isn't getting the Hawks anywhere like Dwight did with Magic ..he's just wasted talent on that team right now..he deserves to be on a better team that'l at least compete for a title
hussein623::I dont know where youve been this season, but AL is better than decent........
hussein623::it pisses me off how magic fans are talking trash right now, I mean all u gotta do is look at the final score. If my team sucked like the magic, I would be too embarrassed to be on this board
Area Code 404 ATL::From 1968 to 2000, The Atlanta Hawks missed the playoffs just 8 of ALL those years. Talk about the Hawks all you want, no we have never been a real "championship" Caliber team, but besides the rough stretch from 2000-2007 (worst in Hawks history), The Atlanta Hawks have been a consistent playoff team for MOST of it's history. http://www.nbauniverse.com/teams/records_atlanta_hawks.htm ..and as for nowadays this will be our 6th straight year in the playoffs
SportsFan8916::and u can add a playoff appearance this year because as i said earlier..the Eastern conference SUCKS this year..but it's not about just making the playoffs..it's about winning the game and getting to the Finals..something the Hawks haven't done in the past 15 years alone..like i said bro..i'll give your team credit because they are better than this crappy Magic squad with crappy management..but u can't be that much more cocky when u guys have done nothing..it's not like the Hawks haven't had good regular seasons as of recent years..they've been a top 6 team..but what have they showed for it? Nothing..and this year wil be no different unless they face the Wizards or Bobcats which may happen  haha =/
moosiphoosus::Look SportsFan8916, you had 2 of the most dominant players in history and a 6-8 point guard with HOF potential....  AND YOU GOTS NOTHING TO SHOW FOR IT!!!  The Orlando TRAGIC
hussein623::yeah that sportsfan guy has one SAD life. All he talks about is the past cause now his team is crap. HE can let us know when his team makes the playoffs
hussein623::Area Code 404 ATL - The past isnt even all that bad which is what makes it funny. For Half of the 70s, Most of the 80s and 90s, the Hawks were pretty good.  yeah but apparentely to sportsfan, the magic were the best team in the past, but guess what? mgic= 0 championships right?
Area Code 404 ATL::The past isnt even all that bad which is what makes it funny. For Half of the 70s, Most of the 80s and 90s, the Hawks were pretty good.
elidajuiceman::Josh Smith is like, "oh snap, I might get to live in Brooklyn!" I'm finna pour in 30 and 10 then."
glenn30126::that's what he meant...must be a different time zone?   He has supreme confidence now..for some reason it took no one left but him when Al was out but he has it now.  J-Smooth to replace Melo in the All-Star game
hussein623::didn't he drop 30 and 10 today?
SportsFan8916::anyway   this conversation was interesting before hussein who likes his own comments came in..Magic are trash this year and unfortunately we'l have to wait another 10 years before we get a star player like Shaq or Dwight but at least we stil have success to go on in our Young franchise history..Hawks suck and wil never amount to another..that's why NO sports analysts speak of u guys..because when they try giving u credit u go and get blown out on Nat'l tv .. at least Magic are making changes meanwhile the Hawks are sticking with guys like Al and Smith after 7 seasons despite getting no where with them..i'd be pretty bitter if i was a Hawks fan myself..$@%! an ATL fan for that..hussein i remember u from the Falcons forums..what about them Falcons?
hussein623::What florida nfl team is good? Oh wait.....
SportsFan8916::oh yeah  Falcons= NO SB win and less than 5 playoff wins? damn
asdbluecfl::Its good old fashioned division rivalry. ATL SUCKS.
hussein623::SportsFan8916 - it was until this dude came on here..the $@%! he speaks is just stupid..it makes me angry hearing guys speak with no knowledge..it is rivalry but at the end of the day ..tho Hawks are doing better than Magic this year..they still won't get nowhere in the playoffs and have gotten nowhere in the past meanwhile the Magic have..can't hate on a team who has better post season success than Your team can u?  and if we wanna get recent then..both teams lost in the 1st round last year so?     just stupid people man    i'm out tho.. later bro  no knowledge? everything you say may have been relevant in the past, so please realize how bad your team is and leave
SportsFan8916::it was until this dude came on here..the $@%! he speaks is just stupid..it makes me angry hearing guys speak with no knowledge..it is rivalry but at the end of the day ..tho Hawks are doing better than Magic this year..they still won't get nowhere in the playoffs and have gotten nowhere in the past meanwhile the Magic have..can't hate on a team who has better post season success than Your team can u?  and if we wanna get recent then..both teams lost in the 1st round last year so?     just stupid people man    i'm out tho.. later bro
hussein623::Oh and stop liking your comments, your'e making yourself and the orlando magic look bad
hussein623::SportsFan8916 - lol ok hussein u got it  my knowledge over yours alone is good enough for me i don't need to like my own comments..im a better person than that   i just speak facts..clearly u don't   but u are 13 so i'll cut u some slack    before u go and say the Falcons are the best team in the NFL and are better than all florida teams combined..get your $@%! together..u will be treated as an invisible person now...you're stupid   u no longer deserve any attention/ response  Oh okay guys since this no life over says im invisible, im invisible alright? LOL  your knowledge is all past and no present, back when magic fans actually had something to be happy about LMAO
SportsFan8916::lol ok hussein u got it  my knowledge over yours alone is good enough for me i don't need to like my own comments..im a better person than that   i just speak facts..clearly u don't   but u are 13 so i'll cut u some slack    before u go and say the Falcons are the best team in the NFL and are better than all florida teams combined..get your $@%! together..u will be treated as an invisible person now...you're stupid   u no longer deserve any attention/ response
SportsFan8916::lmao falcons&gt; all fla teams combined..really? ok..Tampa Bay Bucs= Superbowl WIN..Miami Dolphins= SB Win... UF= Several Titles.. Miami Marlins = 2 World Series Wins.. Miami Heat= 2 NBA Final wins.. HMMMMM
DBlock044::Hahaha the bucs are the worst team in the nfc kid.
hussein623::SportsFan8916 - lmao falcons&gt; all fla teams combined..really? ok..Tampa Bay Bucs= Superbowl WIN..Miami Dolphins= SB Win... UF= Several Titles.. Miami Marlins = 2 World Series Wins.. Miami Heat= 2 NBA Final wins.. HMMMMM  OMG!!!!!! here we go again with the past LOL all florida teams except the heat and the gators are totally irrelevant in sports cause they all suck
hussein623::hawks&gt;magic falcons&gt;all fla teams combined  P.S. Nice try but try staying on topic next time. And the magic will get nowhere no matter who they get, they should be kicked outta the NBA.
asdbluecfl::Winnipeg Hawks if people dont start showing up to your games. And next year Bucs will destroy the Hawks. How about that last regular season game at the DOme. remember that?
hussein623::LOL Magic have lost 24 outta their last 27. The NBA would be so much better off without teams like the MAgic.
hussein623::haha magic fans are so cocky
asdbluecfl::Somebody has to lose. Wait till your mongoloid retires and Smith leaves for a city that better suites his drug dealing. Although Atlanta's pretty hard to beat when it comes to that.
asdbluecfl::Winnipeg Hawks in 3 years.
hussein623::I like how you just randomly start new topics because your team is sorry. Its okay, I understand, if I went for a team as sorry as yours, I would do the same. Your comment are all based on the past, but of course the present is irrelevant to magic fans cause they have none i totally forgot. You are one $@%!$@%! magic fan LOL
SportsFan8916::lol ok hussein..first of all no one wil ever take u serious because of your name alone..but once again  to say the Magic suck..you're making your mate 404 look back saying stupid comments like that..that's why ATL sports fans get no credit..because u dont know $@%!..we've had great names like Shaq, Penny, McGrady, and Howard just to name a few..yeah your native Howard who won't even consider the Hawks unles they give him a billion dollar contract..we've actually advanced in the playoffs thru out our franchise history and reached the finals ..u guys did as good as we did last year in the playoffs losing in the 1st round so get your facts right..and u can brag about beating us in the playoffs recently but we can brag about humiliating u in the playoffs the year before and adding u guys to the worst defeated team in NBA History in the playoffs..4-0 by 30+ points..? damn
asdbluecfl::ATL's greatest players are that mongoloid, and Smith the hood star.
hussein623::Past again? Really? How about the present, huh? And the magic always sucked and always will. We all will probably be dead by the next time they make the playoffs or even get close for that matter.
hussein623::orlando magic shouldnt even be an NBA team. They are pathetic. D-League teams can beat them
asdbluecfl::Tonight was one of our worst nights, and yeah I agree we totally suck right now. Otis Smith bu-tt $@%!-ed us for the next few years and its really starting to show now. Paying Hedo 11 MIL to ride the bench with a BS injury, take roids, go bowling (seen last night by my friend) while putting his 2.9 ppg 2.2 rpg and 2.8 apg... in 11 games. pathetic. And dont forget where still paying ARENA'S rediculious contract.
SportsFan8916::hussein read what i said earlier before u say comments like that..Magic have had more success in the past 10 years than Hawks have had their whole franchise..get to the ECF before u sit there and talk trash about another team   really..at least we made the ECF in the past 6 years..meanwhile the Hawks have....? u fill in the rest
Area Code 404 ATL::You need to learn to comprehend what you read. I never said Atlanta didnt have it's problems. I know attendance is low and we have a lot of fairweather fans, I said WE CAN POTENTIALLY sell ourselves as MUCH BETTER destination for Free Agents than some crappy place like Orlando can. We're a playoff team, We have a ton of cap space, Ferry is a better GM than we've had here in a long time, and if we just get 1 guy to lure others in and show that we WANT TO WIN....the city/metro of Atlanta being a top 10 market, being a capital of black america with some of the best black nightlife, being one of the fastest growing metros....can be a very desirable place for these YOUNG BLACK GUYS to want to come and play ball. Bottom line, Atlanta &gt; Orlando.
hussein623::orlando isnt any better. NBA team is equal to an average D-league team, and I dont even know anything else about orlando, but I have a few friends who live there and they say it's trash
SportsFan8916::how is Orlando crappy? tel me that? clearly  u haven't been there..there is much to do there..it's tough to get out of the shadows of our theme parks but obviously when u have a huge college population and 20+ population..it isn't the theme parks attracting them..we have downtown Orlando along with City walk..I-Drive..Universal BLVD and plenty of sports thru out with nightlife and great restaurants..not to mention the girls out there are Sexy and our shopping spots are getting much better.. now im pro NY when it comes to shopping so no city will amount to that here in the US, but Orlando is definitely adding a bunch of clean spots.
asdbluecfl::I dont see what you guys see in Atlanta. Downtown sucks imo. The only thing I even liked about anywhere near downtown was Dante's. And I heard he's closing down.. :(
hussein623::gotta agree with u there. atl all day over orlando
Area Code 404 ATL::SportsFan you're not very bright, lol Georgia Tech (Engineering) and Emory (Medical) are highly ranked schools academically. Central Florida is just a school with large enrollment that will accept anybody, we already have one of those (Georgia State).
Erasisn::If you think the girls in Atlanta are ugly and all there is to do is go to clubs, I seriously doubt you've ever been, or at least you haven't been with any decent company.
SportsFan8916::i'm from Orlando as u can see and i'm not even a fan of ucf but u can't hide the numbers...if u read what i said instead of bashing me as if im all pro Orlando i even said GA tech is a good school..i considered it for Architecture but fell back because i have no desire to move to GA..the females were ugly there and again, there's NOTHING to do outside of downtown ATL except ghetto clubs and tacky strip clubs..and yes Emory is also good
asdbluecfl::Agreed, downtown Orlando is so much more clean and vibrant, although it isnt big its got its spots.
hussein623::so now since sportsfan8916 cant stand getting embarrassed by hawks fans about how the magic are, he is bringing up new topics? #magicfanlogic
hussein623::Oh and no the hawks never went on a 7 game losing streak. Their longest streak is 4. LOL the magic have lost 24 outta their last 27
hussein623::Um we lost Lou Williams, thats why. Guess you haven't been paying much attention. And if the hawks don't belong on ESPN, the Magic don't belong in the NBA, they belong in the D-League.
SportsFan8916::and the Pacers came back to kill u guys    it's easy to brag about beating teams the first 2 weeks of the season..didn't u guys go on like a 7 game losing streak? they didn't even mention it on ESPN because the Hawks are as relevant as the Bobcats
hussein623::we also beat the pacers and the celtics, and of course, the magic
SportsFan8916::u came late u don't know what i and 404 were talking about idiot..Magic do suck i won't even argue that..but to act like the Hawks are amazing is a joke..lets not forget u guys were embarrassed by the Bulls recently scoring only what 24 points up til the 3rd quarter? the Eastern conference SUCKS This year..the Wizards will probably be in the playoffs..hell i wouldn't be surprised if the Bobcats were too..but to say Hawks are that much better..please  ..the only 2 competitive teams u guys beat in the East were the Bulls ONCE and BK Nets ONCE right?
asdbluecfl::http://espn.go.com/nba/attendance Wheres Atlanta??? 25? And from what you guys ae saying ATL is "all that". Then why does NOONE go to your "nightlife filled" downtown arena. What a joke.
hussein623::LOL
hussein623::have fun waiting till 2050, when your team MIGHT make the playoffs
asdbluecfl::*2015.
hussein623::dude just cuz the magic suck dlck doesnt mean u have to start up new topics
asdbluecfl::Plus, atleast we still have people showing up to our games. I go to basically every Magic home game. How about you? How many Hawks games do you go to? Have fun with all 12,000 of your buddys.
asdbluecfl::Who cares if we suck now. We'll be back, stronger next time.
SportsFan8916::lmao Area code 404 did u really just use your population as a reason to say there's more do to..so technically by your argument..since u guys have   "5 million" people..there's so much more to do there than Orlando..first of all ATL is made up of like 30 $@%!$@% cities so it's inevitable that u guys wil have a million+ population..but Orlando has a huge population Alone not including the other 6 counties..we also have the most populated college in the US basically..you're a joke bro   just shut up   go to the Coca Cola factory
hussein623::yeah but as if the past matters anymore. the present is what matters.
SportsFan8916::Uh yeah then the Hawks lost to the Bulls the next round..the year before that Magic Shut out the Hawks beating them 4-0 in the playoffs by 30+ points each game..but i won't argue that the Magic suck right now..they're awful and embarrassing and it sickens me seeing that this coach is still there..they can easily be a playoff team with guys like J.J. and even Nelson if he was consistent..they do suck  no argument there
hussein623::playoff runs? didnt the hawks take down the magic two years ago? And why look to the past? As of now, the magic suck so bad I can't even find a word to describe them(in a bad way) and the hawks are a tiny bit over a million times better than them, so GET USED TO IT AND GTFO THIS BOARD!!!!!
SportsFan8916::oh shut up    GSU is a joke it's not even a top ranked 100 school..i actually considered GA tech cuz of my major it's definitely not a bad school but being in GA, it still isn't a place every kid considers especially before UCF..UGA got to be known because of its sports program and ..we've seen there success..so what else do u guys have in ATL? Magic city? u wanna claim your city greatness because of strip clubs? claim your red clay and pine trees..georgia peaches  and shut up..Hawks will never amount to nothing..At least Magic have had playoff RUNS that lasted for more than 2 weeks and we've had greater names in the past 20 yrs than Hawks have had their whole franchise
Area Code 404 ATL::you're an idiot.....in the general sense, the larger the city....the more amenities that city will have to accommodate it's size. Metro Atlanta 3 or 4 more million people than Orlando, of course there is more night life and more to offer than that small market, crap of a city. Did you really just bring up colleges? So Central Florida and whatever other crappy colleges Orlando has....can compare to Georgia Tech, Georgia State, Emory, The Whole AUC (Clark-Atlanta, Morehouse, Spelman), etc. just stop you cant compare that little place to Atlanta.
hussein623::SportsFan8916 - orlando isn't and never was known as a college city ..ATL does have good colleges but if u take a pole today asking kids what college they'd rather go to..i guarantee u UCF will be better than any college in ATL because of the Night life AND beaches..and for your information Orlando IS a growing city..look up the stats of it in the past 10 years..how about u go visit there today then go back this time next year..they're Constantly building $@%! because it's growing so fast ..what else is there to do outside of downtown ATL? the only reason people like to move there is because its dirt cheap..u can buy a 4000 square mansion for 700,000 down there bro ..and Morehouse and Spelman are so 80s  ok dont get off topic here, the hawks are still wayyyy better than the magic
SportsFan8916::orlando isn't and never was known as a college city ..ATL does have good colleges but if u take a pole today asking kids what college they'd rather go to..i guarantee u UCF will be better than any college in ATL because of the Night life AND beaches..and for your information Orlando IS a growing city..look up the stats of it in the past 10 years..how about u go visit there today then go back this time next year..they're Constantly building $@%! because it's growing so fast ..what else is there to do outside of downtown ATL? the only reason people like to move there is because its dirt cheap..u can buy a 4000 square mansion for 700,000 down there bro ..and Morehouse and Spelman are so 80s
asdbluecfl::UCF is the second largest university in the US for a reason. Plus Rollins, Valencia, Full Sail are all very popular and high ranked schools. Although full sail is a scam imo.
SportsFan8916::counties* not cities
Maxi Klinger::Magic = JUNK, nothing but JUNK
Area Code 404 ATL::Orlando is a joke....to try a to compare it to ATL is laughable. It's like comparing Flint, Michigan to Chicago. The ONLY way you've had success was good luck in the draft.....no FA's will willingly go to Orlando over Atlanta...especially not now. If you guys dont get lucky in the draft again....you're gonna be TRASH for a decade or more.
hussein623::sure but the hawks are wayyyyyyyyyyyyyy better than the magic and the falcons then any florida team easily
asdbluecfl::Its okay. We got our chill little city with loyal fans, you got a half empty arena every game and a trash of a downtown sorrounded by a bunch of hoods.
SportsFan8916::dude Dwight Howard and ATL Native doesn't even wanna go there..JOE JOHNSON SAID HE COULD CARE LESS WHO SHOWS UP TO THE GAME WHILE PLAYING IN THE PLAYOFFS.. GO ON ANY SPORTS FORUM AND TYPE IN THE WORST SPORTS CITY AND ATL WILL POP UP..ORLANDO ISNT KNOWN AS A SPORTS TOWN CUZ WE ONLY HAVE 1 TEAM AND IT'L STAY THAT WAY..BUT FOR ATL TO HAVE SEVERAL FRANCHISES AND THEY ALL SUCK IS EMBARRASSING..THAT'S WHY YOUR HOCKEY TEAM LEFT..THAT'S WHY YOUR BASKETBALL TEAM HASN'T GOTTEN PAST THE 2ND ROUND IN OVER 9 YEARS ..THAT'S WHY THE BRAVES WON 14 BACK TO BACK TO BACK TITLES AND ONLY 1 WORLD SERIES WHICH IS BY FAR THE GREATEST DISAPPOINTMENT IN MLB HISTORY..AND THAT'S WHY THE FALCONS GREATEST MEMORY IS THEIR WORST BY GOING TO THE SB ONCE AND GETTING KILLLLLED! NOT TO MENTION THEY'VE GONE 13-3 TWICE IN THE LAST 4 YEARS AND GOT BEAT AT HOME TWICE WHERE THEY HELD THE BEST HOME RECORD IN ALL OF BASEBALL..YEAH  HOME OF THE A!!!!
asdbluecfl::And thats why there attendance is HORRIBLE even when there winning. I dont know who were fighting, because from what i've heard and seen there are no hawks fans in Atl.
Area Code 404 ATL::Is this trizzo guy a magic fan? Let's see. Atlanta = top 10 sized market, ton of nightlife, considered a "capital of black america" in a league made up mostly of young black guys. The Hawks could EASILY sell itself as a desirable place for Free Agents, especially with a commitment to win, new vision from Ferry, and a ton of cap room. We're definitely a more attractive place for FA than Orlando, a crappy small market that plays 2nd fiddle in its own state with only a theme park for kids. You just got lucky and drafted Dwight.
SportsFan8916::and since u say ATL is considered the "black capital city in america" yes it is..u guys also have a huge HIV rate and Gays out there..afterall that's what we're getting to know ATL as..not as a successful sports city..actually it's the complete opposite..but ATL is starting to be known as a city where broke blk ppl can walk around acting rich while other dudes can openly walk down there in high heels with wigs more colorful than our rides at Disney. And if u wanna still claim that Orlando is ONLY known for our theme parks in the year 2013, we'l despite u being wrong i'l stil be glad to take that title because after all..after a team wins the Superbowl   where in the US do they say they wanna go? Yea..Disney..not ATL
asdbluecfl::Yeah, theres just one problem. Theres no Hawks fans. They struggle to sell out games and attendance is horrible, even though they've made the playoffs consecutively and have fielded a pretty baller team. And from what i've heard they dont make much money of concessions and merchandise. Atl is lucky if they dont lose them.
SportsFan8916::and Orlando Magic have had FAR MORE success in the NBA than the Hawks homie..we have more playoff success in the past 20 years than u guys have had in 30..more so  Magic have had more success in the past 8 years than u guys have had 30
SportsFan8916::bro your first sentence was $@%!$@%!..ATL attracts NOBODY that's why u haven't had a big name there since $@%!$@% Web since the School Daze days..Orlando is a growing city and there is much more to do there than ATL.. do u ever wonder why Orlando is a destination college place and spring break place stead of ATL? Tell me what player has said he wants to go to ATL..of course Orlando as a city doesn't attract players either but technically speaking, players would rather go there because of tax reasons and the fact that they're in the state of FLA alone vs being in Ga with great cities like "Savannah"
asdbluecfl::There is much more to do. I've been to Atlanta many times. Stayed at the Westin peachtree right downtown, and besides the view from the room the streetlife downtown sucks compared to the REAL downtown Orlando (not the tourist hell hole 20 minutes to the southeast).
Area Code 404 ATL::lol you're an idiot. Atlanta has over 5 million people in our metro. It's ranked at World beta City. What's Orlando. 1 or 2 million? The fact that you think "Orlando  has much more to do" than Atlanta is a joke. Atlanta grew by more in a decade 2000-2010 than almost Orlando Metro has total people, lol "Growing city"
SportsFan8916::Horrible team here..example of bad teams vs good teams..if this was L.A. or the Knicks, the coach would have been fired now but i guess no one expected much from this Magic franchise after they traded away some good assets in recent years..and since i see Hawks fans having the audacity to bash the Magic...must i bring up the game Bulls killed u guys in that was nationally televised? By the way, must i remind u that tho u did kill the Magic tonight and are 3-0 against them this season, Magic put u guys in NBA history not long ago when beating u in consecutive games in the playoffs by 30+ points!  Haha
dave19741997::Geez,the Magic are horrendous. I can see Charlotte beating us easily.
hussein623::yeah charolette would win
Navy Squid45::Magic fan for life here good game Atlanta how many first round picks we got magic fans  like 4 or 5? Can't remember
CamOverRG3::Josh Smith is a beast
99 Bottles of Beer::Can we seriously just cut Turkoglu. That has to breach his contract in some way
Atl7523::D howard come back----Jameer Nelson
Atl7523::Somebody got took to the woodshed tonight Atl style baby
Atl7523::The magic suck
Navy Squid45::You just found out? Lol
choate_sedition::Really, 363 comments?
hussein623::well its obvious when youre team is getting their @sses handed to them at home, you probably wouldnt have the guts to be on this board
Magic are better than you::No hawks fans are just tools
Atl7523::All the magic fans are hiding with bags over their heads.
braveandme::No player on the Magic got more than 10........please just send them to the d-league already
pfoote14::magic leading scorer had 10 points.  i dont even know how to comment on that.
SBUoutlaw7::magic stink. i think they'll definitely be a title contender in 2032 though...
Javier19486::Wow those hawks stank
trizzo23::#2 in ping pong balls!!!!   go magic
LetsGoBraves2012::yes the hawks got swept by orlando one year but the very next year the hawks returned the favor so there
Magic are better than you::But in record fashion?  I don't think so
bronbronsdad::Hawks fans really expect big things out of a GM who couldnt win it with Lebron.
trizzo23::team with lebron ..and still no free agents went there..and hawks have who?
braveandme::Next year Hawks lineup:  Pg-Teague SG-Iggy Sf- Smith PF-Horford C- Howard  Bench includes Lou williams and kyle korver
trizzo23::not bright
trizzo23::next year magic will be 2 years ahead of hawks with rebuild...thats were
jahannah::LOL!  Good for you guys.  Enjoy the lottery.  This is the Hawks rebuilding year and they will make the playoffs.
trizzo23::only kind of players hawks can get...have beens
trizzo23::maybe stackhouse....turk...and kwami...no real players going to hawks
braveandme::lol if u think we will go after turk....or stachhouse for that matter. We actually have a future
trizzo23::or iggy...lol
trizzo23::no...no smith or howard...will be a lottery team
jahannah::Where will the Magic pick this year?  Oh, yeah.........
Magic are better than you::LMAO!!!  Yea right
yanksonfire27::and then you woke up next to kate upton right ?
jballantyne553::Howard!!!!!!!!
braveandme::we have a ton of cap space. Dont be suprised when this happens. But well played
jahannah::36?!!??
LetsGoBraves2012::hawks have now won 7 in a row over orlando
jahannah::And yet their fans bring up a playoff series from years ago.
jahannah::Are you so dumb that you did not recognize the joke?
Magic are better than you::No you tool I live in Florida.  My team is rebuilding for the future while your team is in denial!  Get real
jahannah::Continue living in the past while your team sucks in the present.  Is your favorite baseball team the Cubs?
Magic are better than you::It did set a record for worst beat down in a playoff series...  There is their current 7 game win streak over Orlando and the playoff series.  Wanna guess which one people will remember longer?  LOL
yanksonfire27::JJ Redick playing his last few games in a Magic uniform = FACT.
LetsGoBraves2012::here is the trade i want the hawks to do at the deadline hawks get:  a garbage player with an expiring deal someone else gets:  deshawn stevenson
mariomahmoud::Nice to get some of these new faces in for the Hawks
yanksonfire27::the nba mvp for this year is ____________ ?
pride4jc1222::Kevin Durant is going to win this award.
Kevin...Durant::KD
LetsGoBraves2012::lebron
yanksonfire27::Melo.
braveandme::Remember when the Magic werent a complete joke?
bronbronsdad::remember when the hawks made the ECF...oh wait
braveandme::remember how onbe team has a future and the other looks destined for failure for the next decade
bronbronsdad::Remember when magic swept the hawk by 25 pts a game?
braveandme::Ya. that was a little thing called the past. welcome to the present where the magic are equivalent to a d-league team...at best
LetsGoBraves2012::then the hawks beat the magic in 6 the next year
Joshua43786::The Magic got to 70?? That's their moral victory tonight
2846mike::Just kick Orlando out of the league already, They are a joke and their GM is an idiot. He was a moron not taking the Nets deal because he wanted to act like he is the boss and didnt take the best deal fo the team. What a joke.
trizzo23::magic got best deal...nets deal was garbage..
Kevin...Durant::like if you think j-smooth should have been an all star.
