ulthumbei::Melo's trade value will never be higher than it was earlier this year.  The Knicks should have traded him when they had the chance.  After they reach the bottom of their downward spiral and flame out in the playoffs, no one will offer anything decent for him.  Then again maybe the rest of the GMs in the league are too smart to trade for him in any case.  BTW I can't help but mention how many people I heard on these same message boards saying "wait till Shumpert and Amare get back"....well, what's it gotten you?  Don't get me wrong, I think Amare is playing ok and it's way too early to judge Shumpert after such a major injury.  But....why did you ever think it wouldn't take Shumpert a long time to get back and why did you ever think that Amare could blend in with Melo to begin with?  And where are all those sh*t talking Knicks fans that were on here earlier in the season?  Hello??????
playstation4iscomingNovember::anyone notice how melo pushes off every drive?  There was this one clip where he extended his right elbow about 4 times driving to the basket.   this guy should be fouled out every game, 18 free throws, how many offensive fouls were called on this guy?  cmon now
jcsny::melo is soft
TTE365::melo backing down from spencer hawes pretty much encapsulates his entire nba career.   A huge dbag bully who will back down if you stand up to him. His fight with hawes along with  him sucker punching a knick then running away in front the entire MSG crowd when he was with denver shows you why melo loses in the first round and will never win a championship with him as your leader.
Xx_KNICKS7_xX::must be why he stood up to KG and waited to fight his punk a s s.
ryyyang::What the heck should Spencer Hawes have done?  Fricken Anthony slapped him on the head, and not jokingly either.  Dude didn't push Anthony or anything, just a bit of smack talking.  Then "tough" guy Chandler comes in like he gangsta or something.  LOL.  Shoulda been technicals on Anthony and Chandler.
msnyc10::Thumbs up for Chandler I say.  Don't let anyone mess with you start right or wrong.
gplace57::Why NYK why!?   You make winning so hard!!
Xx_KNICKS7_xX::START AMARE!!!
Noah63521::Melo sucks they need to trade him to the Bobcats
army of bono::I love the win and all but it really means nothing unless they can string a few together.  Been way too inconsistent over the last couple of months.
mpascal333::No reason why Hawes got a T. The other two started everything.
BenDover1269::EAT MY $@%!$@% !$@ YOU BUNCH  OF SPORT %!$ LICKER @%!$@%
timetodienow1234567::Melo AND Chandler should be suspended a few games. You don't shove somebody a few feet because he's talking to another player. And you definitely don't hit somebody in the head. You get what you get from Melo. A leader,  he is not.
BenDover1269::WHY DONT YOU SHUT UP
tungcn2010::Knicks just passed up the easy part of their schedule. Now comes the hard part for the rest of March. Knicks also have a back to back home and away vs the FEARED Raptors, who slapped them around in both meetings this year.
nba is the worst::Congrats at finally getting a win, Knicks.  Amare shoots 90%, 'Melo 33%, tells the story...
BenDover1269::MELO PROBABLY SHANKED YOUR MOM
theflyeststar::amare should start
nba is the worst::'Melo's ego is too big for that.  Amazing the difference defensively since December for the Knicks - road Warriors in MSG next, and the heat will be in town soon...
Sportssmh::Jrue PG Jrich SG Turner SF Thad PF Bynum C with Hawes Lavoy and Swaggy P on the bench to go along with whatever free agents next year! Lets weather the storm fellow Philly fans!
pettsmagee::slapping people in the back of the head, crying about trash talk...classic melo.  continues to prove why hes one of the softer players in the league, especially mentally, and will never win anything
OmniVersal::Never win anything? What was last night then LOL
ToledoMan::Christian Leatner was also fundamentally sound and could play defense.
tungcn2010::Christian Leatner won an NCAA ring...
B..........::Didnt he also win a NCAA ring. Guess that isnt anything either. Classic hate.
CagedWisdomChangedMyLife::can I get those powerball numbers from you too?
Mumu8833::There was a fly on the back of Hawes' head
tungcn2010::He was trying to get the fly off his hand by slapping Hawes' head.
MarkDune41::I'm also a Knicks fan...the problem with the Knicks is Melo.....the ball movement dies when he's in the game....they are a better team when he's on the bench.....example from last night:  Knicks win by 6 yet they were minus 14 (-14) when he was on the court.
msnyc10::It  is no accident their huge win occurred when he scored 6 points. Or that their winningest stretch was  when he was averaging 25 points.
gplace57::Love Melo, but he's a one man show.   That hurts the 'team' concept.
Mumu8833::We'll trade you Evan Turner for him
bigapplemortgage::I'm not a huge Melo fan, although I like him as an offensive threat and I can't argue with your stats from yesterday but I can't reasonably buy that the Knicks are better without him.
bigapplemortgage::I'm a Knicks fan, have been my entire life unfortunately.  I think this is their best team in years and they can win their division and a Playoff series for sure.  That said, the ECF is their ceiling and I think that is being optimistic as the Heat are FAR SUPERIOR and the Pacers are better.  I even think the Bulls with D. Rose would be a tough out for the Knicks in the playoffs as well.  I'll be rooting for them of course no matter who they face but I have to be reasonable based on the level of play I'm seeing from my Knicks.
msnyc10::A better analogy is if you beat Ali in your prime then got your butt kicked by Frazier, Patterson, Holmes and your undercard sparring partner and it became clear you'd lost your reflexes and stamina. And now Ali is coming up for round 3 in the best shape of his life. I'd say be frightened, be very very frighteneed.
DaddyZeek::Let me ask you something, If I may... "If you box Muhammad Ali twice and knocked him out both times but you got knocked out by Joe Frazier when you fought him twice! What would you walk away saying?"... You would say, " I could'nt beat joe(Chicago) but I know I can woop the Greatest butt (Heat)" In closing, according to you and others, Miami is beating everyone else but we 20'ed them twice this year... So how are they better than Us this year? let them beat us before you hand Lebron the ECT... Cowards!!!
BenDover1269::NO ONE CARES AND NO ONE TOOK THEIR TIME TO READ THAT YOU A$$
jroc21::Why do the Knicks get so much hate, it's not like my team has just been killing it the past few years.  I guess it's easy to kick a team who's on the verge of improving.  Still lots of work to be done, but improving.
jroc21::Yeah, I'm a knicks fan for life.  Like the spurs playing style, I'm a Kobe fan, and I liked the Jail Blazers lol.  Just a ball fan really.
NetsMagazine8::SO ITS THE SPURS, KNICKS, BLAZERS AND LAKERS FOR YOU HUH?@JROC
Donnie Walsh::Haters will hate at home on the couch with their lousy teams !!  LOL!!
Dengue-Fever::Hey garbage Knick fans!!!...you guys finally squeaked out a win huh?..lol..Go Heat!!!
BenDover1269::YO  YOU ARE FRONT RUNNING $@%!$ SUCKER
OmniVersal::Oh yeah cause a 4 point win over the Cavs isn't squeaking out a win huh?
argenis fradique::Hi Knick fans are you still celebrating that November league championship you guys won. Well the real playoffs start in just over a month and just in time for another choke job thats well under way. Have a fabulous Monday!!
BenDover1269::KOBE KOBE KOBE KOBE
OmniVersal::Just how badly did the Knicks scar you for stomping out the Heat in two 20 point blowouts?
Dengue-Fever::well said...
Donnie Walsh::Jrue shoots a heckuva lot for a Point Guard !!!                                                ----------------------------  Russell Westbrook
SRQisLegend::what do the knicks need to do to win the championship this year?
msnyc10::Play like they did early on which means buying into it even when times get tough. Times get tough when other teams adjust. Which means a good coach adjusts accordingly AND makes sure the players don't reveret. San Antonion might lose but they lose playing the exact same way they do when they win.
BenDover1269::MICHAEL JORDIN
Donnie Walsh::Knicks would have to do a complete 180 on defense &amp; offense for CHIP !
weoutnyc::Yes because being in the top 10 in both categories truly means they suck.  $@%!. Yes their defense needs some work but their Offense is, and will be, just fine.
SRQisLegend::yeah but the knicks got amare and melo, that has to count for something
wilcox1232::not much
wilcox1232::get extremely extremely lucky and hope lebron durant parker duncan westbrook and wade all tear their acls
brattwurst n mustard::time to have amare start...kidd is a liability and how many pgs do you need on the floor at one time anyway.  give it 5 games, see if felton/shump can step up, and see what happens.
YOURE A TOWEL::This is to the point of being embarrassing. I don't want to see Dorell Wright in a Sixers jersey again next year. I don't want to see Doug Collins coaching the squad anymore, either.
chillyinphilly13::Did you hear Andrew Bynum's hair is being sponsored by Chia Pet?
Hines Ward Zombie::wheres all those trolls from the other game!?,  there were so many of them, they all could not have vanished that quickly....
Nayrock10::Amare and melo play so much better when they are NOT on the floor together
MarkDune41::They play better when Melo is on the bench.
Nayrock10::We won a game yessssssssss lmao
BenDover1269::THAT WASNT EVEN FUNNY ENOUGH TO PUT LMAO YOU FAGGGGGGG
OmniVersal::Yu Mo Gui Gwai Fie Di Jow!
tungcn2010::Woodson for Coach of the Year: Melo 6/18 with 1st unit Stat 9/10 with 2nd unit We're heading for the Ship????
Shareef1987::LeBron is a natural SF and is shooting 57% for the season
weoutnyc::Lebron gets foul calls before tip off of the game.
King_Melo_7::Hey Moron Melo doesn't live in the paint like a true big man should, Last time I checked Melo is a natural SF not PF or C
tungcn2010::I believe Melo attempts more shots from the paint than Stat, and of course, with less efficiency.. Moro..
jack frrom the titanic::Knicks real GM is Melo, thats why he is stacking this team with his former Nuggets teammates
jack frrom the titanic::Knicks old:  Kurt Thomas.... 41,  Kidd..... 38 Camby.....39 Pirglioni  ....35 Kenyon....35 Camby 38  226 years total....ouch and Knick gave away draft picks to boot
Hines Ward Zombie::and you spelled prigioni wrong, troll.
Hines Ward Zombie::you mentioned camby twice.
jack frrom the titanic::Jason Kidd looks really unterested in playing with Melo
RUserious-2::He's used to playing with a team that plays like a team with discipline.
jack frrom the titanic::Melo -10......chucker ball hogging fool
weoutnyc::Just another game we would have lost if Melo wasnt playing though.  It is extremely easy to look at the box score and pass judgement, but watching the game would tell you a lot more.
jack frrom the titanic::When Amare is in the gaem, the other team has lay up drills
BrooklynBimbos::Most overrated team in the NBA are the Knicks.  They get beat twice by Raps and excuses both times, instead of coming out saying the better team won they make excuses.  Hope they get bounced in the first round.  Miami, Indy east finals.
Nayrock10::Most teams in the NBA are hyped so just stop it
OmniVersal::Most overrated implies that they were hyped to begin with. Obviously you're just a Knicks hater otherwise you'd realize they were not receiving much hype.
BrooklynBimbos::The Knicks are always hyped, who are u kidding?
PhillyPhever.FlyEaglesFly::its likely. melos game doesnt translate well to the postseason
GreatnessQSmooth::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJUXMkYFiXo
PhillyPhever.FlyEaglesFly::I usually don’t jump on board with the “fire everyone” talk, but I sorry, Doug has to go. Great coach off the court, or so I hear, but he is terrible with minutes. WHAT DOES HE HAVE AGAINST ROOKIES????? It was Big Nik last year, who we now know is a beast, and this year it’s Moultrie. WE’RE LOSING ANYWAYS WHY NOT PLAY MOULTIRE WHO MIGHT ACTUALLY BE ON THE TEAM NEXT YEAR. Sorry guys, had to vent. :(
OmniVersal::Yu Mo Gui Gwai Fie Di Jow!
sportsguynj5::I like how marshmello was too scared to square off with spencer hawes. He probably snitched to the league afterwards too.
Paul69406::is that sportsgaynj5 your gay hey no problen you like tube steak by the way how doe it taste you craphead
Dino__Spumoni::i like how he won
MafiaYang::says a waste of a life
jesse.nile::Can we please adjust this starting lineup? Felton Shump Melo Martin/Sheed/Camby Chandler
Hines Ward Zombie::you forgot stat.
iownamicrowave::Carmelo shot 18 Fts... the Knicks should have a way better record with all the help from officials they get. 18???
Hines Ward Zombie::i dont think you've watched too many knick games....
BrooklynBimbos::The League loves the Knicks
iownamicrowave::Tyson Chandler should have been ejected. Knicks get away with everything
BrooklynBimbos::Ya he should've been ejected, if any other team player did what he did not from New York or Miami, it would be automatic toss.  All Bball fans know it.  League is messed up.
Hines Ward Zombie::ahhah, ahha ah haaaa, wahhhh....
Fat.Guy.In.A.Little.Coat::Can we trade Melo?
tungcn2010::it depends if Melo approves of the trade or not.
jack frrom the titanic::for gallo or david lee
Oldjoker5.0::We were #1. Know we are #9. In win-loss records And the tough part of the schedule is yet to come with a lot of games to play We have played the least amount of games of any playoff team
Fat.Guy.In.A.Little.Coat::This is and always will be AMARE'S team.
february1088::To the Sixers fans..  Jrue Holiday or Young Allen Iverson(slightly before his prime)? Which would you rather have?
diziboi::allen iverson carried the sixers alone to the nba finals before, former mvp, scoring champion do i need to say more
CoreyGallagherArt::I love Jrue Holiday, my favorite player bar none, but really? Iverson, if we could do that all over again I would in a heart beat.
Oldjoker5.0::Orange sherbet
Rdiu::Iverson and it's not even close
KnickCityBro::Amare needs more touches. No, he DESERVES more. Dude is turning back into his old self.
