Miami Vice123::Dallas Mavericks= eddie murphy's singing career= one hit wonder!    enough said!
Soonerhopeful1::Lakers don't need to win any more titles or championships, we can just wrap their fans in their title banners, and bury them in it....!
wetzky::Last name shouldn't be Foye but LUCKY instead!!!!
SoCalMtnGuy::Interesting that these Dallas area tornadoes picked up tractor trailers and threw them around in the air. Yet, they couldn't pick up Khloe.....
RonTuna::SEEK SHELTER AND BE SAFE!! THE TORNADOS IN DALLAS NOW REPORTED TO BE CAUSED  BY MARK CUBAN RUNNING WILD IN THE STREETS IN A 12 HOUR TYRAD AFTER CLIPPER'S PASTING!
I couldnt think of a funny name::watching Nowitski play is painful.
wetzky::watching you spell is more painful
ustna::Laker fans on Clips board...  THAT'S how you know that the Clips are for real. It's either that or it's just too depressing on Laker boards.
Soonerhopeful1::Clippers being  #1 in L.A.  and the  Lakers playing 2nd fiddle to the Clippers in L.A. , Is the Lakers worst nightmare....Padded room nightmares...
RonTuna::LAKERS (3-0) AND CLIPPERS OWN AND SLAUGHTER THE MAVS.....WE SUPPORT MARK CUBAN THROWING TYRADS AT HOME!
xmanfolife::Clipper's r the Clipper's...can always count on that..
xmanfolife::Well......Laker's didn't play last night...
ustna::It's after every Clip game......
xmanfolife::Man, Clipper's beat them champs like the chumps we knew they were......
jha0024::All Mavs and $@%!$@ Bag Cuban cared about was winning one championship. Bunch a losers dont care no more, no heart out there. Thats why they SUX!!!
el_dude00::Hey World Champs! I've cut you slack all season long, but remind me how you guys repeat again? The "we'll turn it on in the playoffs" schtick has already been claimed by Laker fans in denial, so what's the plan?
aazizi::Man, what happen to all of the VDN needs to go articles by Broussard? Soon as they lose 2 in a row, they'll be hating again.
Captain Morgan.12::Wait until the playoffs...VDN's incompetency will surface and the articles will be back
dcmart89::People don't realize if the Mavs had the same team they had last year, they had insane potential to win multiple championships. It was a TEAM and they meshed together impeccably well. This isn't the same team. Cuban won't bluntly say it, but he is preparing for the future early. Instead of having 5 years of rebuilding, he's rebuilding before it needs to be done. Call him crazy or call him smart, it's a matter of opinion.
Lakermagicshowtime::The front office knew he was going to be all butt hurt and they wouldhave the same problem Dallas is having now if they kept him , i cant believe he turned out  such a crybaby  he is making 9 mill a f u c k i n g year i play in the moon for that money. Unbelievable
69Lakers2012::the problem with odom is he didnt be traded....but oh well life goes on..!!
Lakermagicshowtime::Looks like the Lakers got that mid level expetion for nothing
Lakermagicshowtime::Still they should not had be this bad
dcmart89::That's very true. But this is sports, nothing is predictable, everything is possible. I blame literally 70% of this years failure purely on Odom and the chemistry he brought, or didn't bring.
MECH4NIZE::All was quiet in lakers land, until they took first place from the clippers, and the the spewing of venom began with every insult you could think of. Kicking the clippers while the were down. Tomorrow is wed, payback b--.--s!!!
Lakermagicshowtime::Payback?Like there is some rivalry or something must be embarrasing to look up when your at home and see what sucess is in the rafters enjoy Blake and CP they be gone after next year
ArtieSullivan::if I had a nickel for everytime a lakers fan used the past to make an argument ... i'd be a rich man.  Keep talking about drapery, the only fabric I see is a Clipper wearing #3.  Ouch
Lakermagicshowtime::bite me grammar $@%! lol
Captain Morgan.12::That was a beautifully constructed sentence.
Lakermagicshowtime::The Mavs are so done lol
Lakermagicshowtime::and 3-0 THIS season
69Lakers2012::thats right....
Lakermagicshowtime::Yea yea yea keep bringing last year 20 years from now thats the only thing you will have to brag about the Lakers have been swept before and the rings keep coming enjoy your single championship you still have 15 to go  before being near what sucess really mean
ustna::Congrats crondito, you just won the internet!
Lakermagicshowtime::Ah your a Clippers fan for how long?December? Cant talk much when all you have in your history is a stench of embarrassing failure at least the Mavs make the playoffs every year and yes the Lakers are superior to the Clippers in any way conceivable. From the ownership down look at the roof is Staples if you ever been there and thats all you need to know
crondito::3-0? against who?
Lakermagicshowtime::It is the past all of that here is a little dose of the present 3-0 present enough for you?
crondito::I love Laker fans constantly talking about past championships and how that makes them superior to every other team, but when somebody brings up LAST YEAR, they get all pissy and say its all in the past.
Motex::Its ok...We still have the broom from last year that was used in the Staples center.
hapatino::Mavs are toast.
Motex::Mavs are in trouble...didnt not expect them to repeat, but utter failure if they miss the playoffs.  Oh and Lamar Odom is a player to dislike in the NBA.  There are so many Lebron haters (which is fine) but you cant say he doenst play hard when he is on the court.  Lamar is a disgrace...just a be a pro;  you can go back to the beach after the season. ZERO pride in his job...ZERO!
BigBob198622::As a Mavs fan, I feel bad for Dirk. This is one of his last 3 quality years. But, he gets double teamed an passes to a wide open man in the corner and it turns out to be marion or carter who misses a wide open three. If he had knock down three point shooters around him it would do wonders for my blood pressure while watching Mav games.
BigBob198622::I have a dream today..that Clipper fans and Lakers fans will not judge each other by the color of their jersey, but by their heart and their sportmanship, I have a dream today...
Lakermagicshowtime::I dont judge the Clippers by their color of their shirt i judge them for the embarrasing failure they had been their whole history.
69Lakers2012::well keep dreaming buddy..!!!
DeezBrown::Bar Fight Wednesday, Metta transforms to Ron, and Blake Griffin shrinks under the spotlight.
JDiddy8720::lol
LAC fan::For eveyone saying the Lakers are better. Remeber this is a whole new team with 10 new players. With Kobe getting old, he will soon retire. Chris Paul will only get better, Blake Griffen will only get better, and as time goes on its gonna be a OKC LAC match up for the west. Spurs getting old, Dirk Nowitzki getting old, Kobe Bryant, getting old.The new generation has fromed. OKC, LAC, Memphis, Minnesota...Give it a few years.
LAC fan::Actually im on break, im 14 so bagging groceries isnt a bad job, fugure i would come back and check the insults you guys have left behind. My mom never gave me money, she told me to get a job, so I did. Now i paying my mom because i cant legally buy a car.
Lakermagicshowtime::mommy gave him the money and he is paying her back keep bagging kid!!lol
LAC fan::I have to go now because I have a job of bagging groceries to help pay for a truck i bought  at 14. Have fun living off welfare and unemployment.
LAC fan::Im going to make some improvements and sell it by August when i turn 15 and get my learners permit.
Captain Morgan.12::That's a really prestigious law school.
crondito::Why the hell would you buy a truck at 14??
Lakermagicshowtime::Bagging groceries LMAO things are looking up huh?
DeezBrown::Jab Jab... haha!
JDiddy8720::Sucks to be you bro. I'm a law student at the University of Maine. Looks like my life is good. You need a helping hand, give me a shout.
LAC fan::I know they are not championship caliber, yet. Im talking future. Young clippers, old Lakers. In the playoffs remeber this once great Laker team will not be very good. They are falling apart and Kobe is getting old you can tell by how tired he gets.
JDiddy8720::He has been playing a huge number of minutes this season which is affecting him yes but the Lakers biggest issue was defending at the point with Fisher having slowed down quite a bit and they didn't want to make him a backup so they shipped him. With Ramon Sessions, even though not an elite point ( yet ), it gives them new life. Everybody makes it seem like it isn't a big deal but you all will see. I'm not calling a championship because that would be absurd but this team now is a legitimate contender.
JDiddy8720::Your a Clipper fan and you just wrote Blake Griffen? New generation has fromed? The Clippers are not championship caliber. Yes CP3 is a great point guard and yes they have some "nice" pieces but if you people think that the Clippers can get through a 7-games series with the Lakers, Grizzlies, Thunder, Spurs or Mavericks, you are seriously mistaken.
crondito::I guess having a limited offensive game gets 21 points a game in the NBA these days
JDiddy8720::Leggo Lakers.
JDiddy8720::This team is too suspect defensively and their half-court offense will always struggle as they have 2 guys playing the 4 and 5 who have limited offensive game  and who are both horrible on defense. Yes DJ blocks a lot of shots but his defensive rotations are really bad. I have never been a fan of undersized 2-guards and whether or not Billups was there, it would be a problem because OKC, L.A., Memphis, Dallas and San Antonio all have traditional sized 2-guards which will be problematic on the defensive side.
69Lakers2012::FACT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
BarrelRider04::Wow, just when you thought the Clip ship was sinking, they turn it around with six straight. Astonished to see them actually playing some defense, or was it that Dallas was just that bad last night? If they can turn around their horrid defense and play with any consistency on the defensive end, watch out, they will be doing some damage come playoff time. Big IF though. Tonight is a big game vs. the Lakes.
69Lakers2012::they must suck..!!! if the clippers beat them like that...lol
Lakermagicshowtime::Dallas is that bad
DeezBrown::Damn bum as.s mavs gave up 8 three's to Foye!?!?!
ustna::Foye has been on a tear lately
WhyUHatin47::1992? Holy hell.
broncosrcorner24::Lamar Odom out with illness--- his time of the month
LAC fan::He grew uterus from the Kardashians.
JDiddy8720::So funny I forgot to laugh.
ustna::With a Laker loss tonight, the Clips have a great shot Wednesday night at reclaiming first place in the Division as well as 3rd place in the Conference.
69Lakers2012::a win is a win even if you win by 1 &gt;&gt;!!!
JDiddy8720::Yup.
DeezBrown::Wont happen, Lakers play the lowly Nets then the bums they share the building with... next two games for the Lakers= 2-0
WareTheTDsAt::yea when they had their whole team in tact pre trade dumb a..s..s The lakers barely beat GS when they have no one... so whats your point?
JDiddy8720::The Lakers barely beat Golden State and your dumb a..s..s forgot that the Clippers lost to G-State twice lol
DeezBrown::Man the Lakers lose to everybody that sucks (Bucks, Pistons, and Wizards are just a few) but can't you tell I was trash talking! Thanks for ruining that for me lol
ustna::Nets&gt;Warriors... Lakers barely beat GS
Andrew.Luck::Bro you need a new picture. That thing is horrific
ustna::Are you saying you prefer men with hair? If so, sorry man... Better luck elsewhere.
CandySparker::
Repudiated Vegan.::passe
3PeatKB24::Weds night, time to see what team wants it more. Good win here Clippers fans. Not sure what the deal is with Dallas this year? I guess losing Chandler and Barea have really hurt them. Both those guys killed the Lakers last year!
Repudiated Vegan.::Knicks and Spurs should be a good game tonight.
Lakermagicshowtime::Bynum will play he said so himself
Repudiated Vegan.::Man 4th seed sounds like one of the toughest haha. Lakers draw SA 3 more times before seasons end  Clippers have a few more favorable matchups If the lakers can get rolling i think they'd be fine and would be good going into the playoffs. Not having Bynum doesnt help though
3PeatKB24::Lakers/Clippers game is important because whoever gets that 3rd seed will stay out of OKC's brackett until the West Finals + they draw a 6 seed they may be the Nuggets or Jazz or Mavs or Rockets in Round 1. Whoever finishes 4 will draw possibly Memphis and be in OKC's brackett!
Repudiated Vegan.::This team is good. But last year with Stevenson, Barea, Chandler and others played so much more fiery and hustled on both sides of the ball. Granted, it could change once playoffs start, but they really lack that muster from the championship team
3PeatKB24::After last season I still find it tough to dismiss the Mavs with Dirk and Terry but the Mavs look mediocre right now. OKC and Memphis both are scary and Lakers, Spurs, and Clippers are strong as well.
Repudiated Vegan.::and the HEAAT
Repudiated Vegan.::NBA Lottery is the biggest scam ever
big_east27::yea i agree, it should work like football.
crondito::It used to work like that, they changed it to prevent teams from tanking down the stretch
Mr.BrianPeppers::Yeah just ask the Spurs
Purp-n-Yellow::Dallas is done
Lakermagicshowtime::We also know what winning a bunch of Championships mean
waynesmith3320::Lakers' fans should know what it looks like to be done..
Repudiated Vegan.::They were done before the season started
49erProudFan1980::I know people like to say how griffin is over hyped but it seems when he plays well, especially on the glass, they win.   Just saying...
LAC fan::Yea everyone says all he can do is dunk, but he reboundsand is a decent defender. But id no one is going to move, why not dunk it and get the fans going, he is shooting like 52%. Cant complain.
big_east27::yea his shot is not pretty but he can make it
waynesmith3320::he is mostly more style than substance, but he does have his good days
NBA_refs_are_weak::the kidd excuse is such a cop out. I could see a 3 point loss with poor execution down the stretch being faulted on not having Kidd. but a 19 point loss does not fall on not having a 53 year old Jason Kidd. Anyone else think the "illness" lamar has is probably the last we see him in a mavs jersey
Repudiated Vegan.::Don't you know he is from Jamaica?
Kobe62pts_Mavs61pts::Lol clipper fans reunite when all the laker fans are gone. What a little b.itches y'all are hahahhaa
mmoore2144::Its funny how there is all this "division" talk. Hey Laker fans, you aren't the best team in your conference, let alone the league. And I thought that is what matters to you. What gives? Settling for less these days?  FTW!
Kobe62pts_Mavs61pts::Lol what the f.uck are you talking about. It clearly says the lakers are number 1 in the pacific division. Your post makes no sense
sorry_bout_it::Clippers are, and always will be the JV team of LA.  Must suck playing underneath our banners, and feeling invincible after a 6 game winning streak, while sitting in the 4th seed, and not even leading your division.
Lakermagicshowtime::In 10 years ?????LMAO BLAKE and CP will be gone after next season in 10 years i hope that failure of a franchise be out of sacred Staples
LAC fan::Always will be the JV team of LA, how bout 10 years, with Chirs Pauls experiance and Blake griffen expanding his game. Where Kobe, Oh yea, retired.
Captain Morgan.12::Actually I don't personally play in the NBA. But I do follow my favorite teams (which includes the Clippers) and I could care less what gym they play in as long as they play well.
mmoore2144::"...our banners..." wow.
mmoore2144::Laker fans troll the Clipper message boards from the LA Public Library computers
sorry_bout_it::a 6 game win streak and where are you guys?  In the same $@%!$@% spot you were before it. The Lakers have nothing to hate on, other then the fact that they have to share their court with the Clippers sorry $@%!$.  We will see Wednesday how relevant the Clippers are.
sorry_bout_it::Yeah ok man.  Talking to Clipper fans about the Lakers and Clippers is like apples and oranges.  You guys were ghosts before last year.
mmoore2144::What would we be talking about last year? Pretty sure it makes sense that we talk good about the Clip Joint when they are good.
sorry_bout_it::I enjoy conversing about basketball.  I'm sorry.  I always see your name in the Laker boards.  Ha get out of here.
crondito::He enjoys talking about basketball but obviously can't find any friends to actually talk in person with, so this is where he comes
Captain Morgan.12::Considering this profile was just made a few days ago that's a blatant lie. And if you call this "conversing" about basketball then your form of discourse is similar to 4 year olds fighting over attention.
mmoore2144::But we can agree...you do have a pathetic life.
Captain Morgan.12::If Lakers have nothing to hate on why are you here? Do you enjoy wasting your life or do you have nothing better to do with your time?
mmoore2144::They don't allow them to hang out in the home depot parking lot after closing. So they really have nowhere else to go.
RicoSuave925::Lakers fans Insecure of Clippers fans? Not really we enjoy owning Clippers fans..Fact...I'm out!
Captain Morgan.12::If you get pleasure out of perusing chat boards of teams you don't follow, you have a pathetic life indeed.
mmoore2144::Make sure to double up on the newspaper tonight. It looks cold outside.
1Realthing::Know how I know the Clippers are good? They have haters. All of the laker fans that stay up till 1am trolling a Clipper's comment pages are just proving how relevant the Clippes are. So keep talking trash and spewing hate, because it's only showing us how scared you really are!
Spectre Status::Amen brother!
mmoore2144::I think the recent earthquakes in Mexico City were caused by the Laker fans shaking in their boots...
RicoSuave925::Lakers 16 rings&gt;Clippers 0  ring Lakers currently in 1st place Pacific Division&gt; 2nd place Clippers  Lakers is the King of L.A... Sorry the truth hurt....
LAC fan::Kobe is gonna retire soon and the lakers wont make .500 without him. Sorry the truth hurts.
Captain Morgan.12::Haha you know the Clippers are doing well and are relevant when idiotic insecure Laker fans waste their lives trolling Clipper boards. Great game by the Clips!
1Realthing::Haha, I just posted the same thing!
sorry_bout_it::You know the Lakers are relevant when......... Wait, that's every year
Iamtheone0594::Hate = fear &amp; respect
RicoSuave925::Insecure? Not really we enjoy owning Clippers fans
Spectre Status::Truth.  They are insecure.
mmoore2144::Man that 1948-49 Laker squad was solid. How many teams were in the league back then? 8 maybe?
Amaazed76er::Mmoore feels likes a champ right now ..he had never experience a 6game win streak  ..lmao lets give him a break
mmoore2144::Not true. I've won six games in a row before. I take my little sister down in connect 4 pretty much all the time.
Amaazed76er::16titles &gt; 0
Spectre Status::"Do not dwell in the past, concentrate the mind on the present moment." --Buddha
mmoore2144::Were you a big Minneapolis Laker's fan in the '50's?
Amaazed76er::clippers
mmoore2144::6 game win streak &gt; 2 game win streak
mmoore2144::Lakers are only successful when they win rings right?
RicoSuave925::1st place in Pacific division(Lakers) &gt; 2nd place in Pacific division(Clippers)...
RicoSuave925::Yeah but the season ain't over..idiot.. Okay my bad... 16rings&gt; 0 ring
mmoore2144::I thought Laker fans don't care about division titles?
Amaazed76er::Homeless &gt; spectr
Repudiated Vegan.::Phil is gone. Mike Brown is a team killer and the one who taught Lebron howto choke
Spectre Status::Lakers fans will not fully appreciate the loss of Phil Jackson until the Lakers get booted from the playoffs in the first round.  But they should've known better.
ArtieSullivan::I hear Jackson is in talks to replace VDN next year
RicoSuave925::For Lakers fans a successful season is winning a ring.. For Clippers fans a successful season is just making the playoff...LOL
mmoore2144::So the Lakers are currently unsuccessful. I agree.
RicoSuave925::they won 2 out of the last 3 rings...How bout Clippers? LOL
mmoore2144::Did they win last year? So they are losers. Your words dummy.
RicoSuave925::I didn't know the season was over...
Spectre Status::too easy
Amaazed76er::Spectre is one of the rejects with no friends and never had anyone to play ball with growing up..so he became a clipper fan ...haha
Spectre Status::My reasoning is upsetting you, so you resort to your last line of defense:  personal attacks.  Expected.
Amaazed76er::Clippers are garbage period they win a championship just by being a 500 ball team..lmao
mmoore2144::are you dyslexic?
