Reeves Cox::Let's go HAWKS! Great win! Glad they didn't give up! Tough loss for the Mavs, and tough loss for their fans. Good game guys! Keep your heads up, Monta has never played this efficiently before so if he keeps this up you guys could be pretty scary come playoff time! Great game!
Steven Wong::Why did Carter take the last shot? Are you kidding me??? 3 of 10 shooting?
Richard Caldwell::I'll tell you what is unbelievable, as I check boxscores each day, is how Dirk can be third on the shots taken list.  Carlisle better remind his team of who their best player is, and it isn't Ellis.  Dirk shot almost 50% tonight and on a night when the team shot 37% he only got 13 shots.  That is coaching.
Philip McFarland::Dont think thats fair dude...we lost...but even a a longtime fan of Dirk wud tell you he didnt have it tonight in the 2nd half...he forced shotz...Monta attacked the rim and got no calls...I wudnt blame it on Vince but noway Monta deserves blame he was guarding Teague all game...gimme a break
Rolando Mercado::why would carter shoot that? anyone other than carter would have a higher chance of converting. carter is worth diddly now.
Guy Mann::Gutless 4th quarter.  You should be embarrassed Dallas. Shame that a once great team will be mediocre for a 3rd straight season.
Lester Ayers::what happened is as much as monta attacks the basket he didn't take a free throw for the second straight game
Sportsbettingstar.com::The Atlanta Hawks have dropped a season-high three consecutive games, and it won't get any easier with the Dallas Mavericks visiting on Friday. The Mavericks have won five of their last seven to climb into sixth in the competitive Western Conference standings. The Hawks boast the third-best record in the mediocre Eastern Conference, but they're just 1-4 against Western Conference opponents. I expect Dallas to just scrape by in this one
Jeffrey Becker::teague is spent, lou starting, should work out better once korver gets back
Rico Collado::nice prediction sportsbettingstar.com
Manuel Paulino::It is sad to see the Hawks play.  They really don't know what to do with the ball.  They should give it to someone inside and just shoot without thinking.  They never shoot and when they do is the wrong shot.  How do they get pay?  people should get pay on performance.  maybe they will make enough to pay their taxes.
Brian Jones::Must be really sad to lose to them lol..
Shay Shepherd::We go as Ellis goes.. Dirk is awesome dont get me wrong and he is capable of carrying us to wins but if we want to make the playoffs Ellis has got to be that secondary go to guy on this team on a consistent basis.
Guy Mann::Dallas really plays stupid basketball with a lead.  Taking awful shots and turning the ball over and letting guys step into uncontested threes. Man this team is a shell of its former glory.
John Osaki Jr.::Dirk is still one of the top closers in the NBA! Check out the Nowitzki in the 2013 book NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Jason Walls::Talk about the Calderon effect..... We really needed him down the stretch. Helluva game by Rodman tonight, er, I mean Blair. :)
Eric Brown::Hawks won a game they were down big in the 4th? What is this nonsense? Over .500? #3 in the East? What are these nice things that the Hawks have?
Tommy Lebowitz::Bad loss last night.  I hope we can rebound and play better against a much better team tonight.
Mark Lecuona::Its unbelievable to me how professional ballplayers can miss so many shots..
John Reyes::Wow Atlanta  let go J, smith and Jhonson and keep Al Horford now look like the best deal
Jeff Craighead::The mavs play horrible when it comes time to put teams away...
Mark Wurden::I put that one on Carlisle.  They needed a point guard out there.
Stan Anvik::What happened?
Mark Wurden::Stan:   Calderon twisted his ankle and Carlisle went with Monta at PG  in fourth.   Mavs couldn't score and liked completely out of synch.  Missed 15  of 17  shots and blew a17  point lead
Guy Mann::Mavs really do a poor job of protecting second half leads.
Brett Reid::seriously, how bad are the mavs,, epic choke
David Aulds::Wow Dallas you lost to the Hawks!!!!
Eric Brown::Hawks have a winning record. And the #3 seed in the East. One game behind Dallas' record. You may want to refrain from any more statements on the matter.
David Aulds::Eric Brown in the west the Hawks would be a 9th or 10th seed period so that argument doesn't hold water.
Eric Brown::David Aulds The records are similar. So let's not act like Dallas is some powerhouse and Atlanta is some bottom feeder. I did say one game behind Dallas' record.
Trent Conheady::Has Atlanta started to tank?
Scott Crow::Nope..that would be Dallas.
Felix Herzing::aaaahhh, cant believe it !!
