RabbiLevine::Looks like the Pacers could have an easy match up in the first round if they play Orlando (Dwight is in pain!).  I'm a huge Pacers fan, and though I think the Bulls probably have our number in the playoffs, I hope we get the Heat in the 2nd round.  I would love it if the Pacers were the final team to dismantle this Heat project before Pat Riley freaks out and blows it up.
ColtsHoosiersPacersDude::Glad to see the pacers won comfortably.
mikeyp2307::love how all the trolls should up long after the game was over. good job.
one way21::bucks catch philly for 8th spot deal with ind tonite
Christo677::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. I have made over 3k a month for 3 consecutive months just following this system. It's on the 1st page of Google when you search the words "sports betting system" Thought I would post this for anyone that's looking for a betting system that actually works.
b.ball_player28::hi
Michaelprestby65::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. I have made over 3k a month for 3 consecutive months just following this system. It's on the 1st page of Google when you search the words "sports betting system" Thought I would post this for anyone that's looking for a betting system that actually works.
ronbo 236::Hello Ladies!!
LeggoLaL::how many 3's did Reggie hit tonight?
TubbyTime334::Pacers are the Grizzlies of The East
iownamicrowave::except better....
LeggoLaL::dan gilbert. L to the O to the L
Ke121989::Did y'all really just delete my comment?...
Ke121989::Did anybody realized that the Pacers are the No. 3 seed?
Rick-Da-Villain::You just figure that out all by yourself?
okc and chi are bandwagoners::Dan Gilbert likes to kiss stern
spong3bobrox::i can't stand dan gilbert and his thilthy ways.
LakerHaterNumber1::Lifelong Nugget fan here. Any other Nugget fan out there wanna cuddle and talk about feelings to help get through this hammering that the Lakers gave us?
spong3bobrox::yall only lost by 6......
nh_55::Attendance of only 13,000 (#29 in attendance for season overall) on a Fri night for a team that is #3 in the East with one of the NBA's best arenas? Cmon Pacers fans support your team.  The Frickin Kings for God sakes draw better than you guys.  My Wolves who have struggled this yr and have an old arena also greatly outdraw you guys.
gettindatscrilla::its all about supporting the TEAM. people hate how star-driven the league gotta support the groups as whole .PASSION PRIDE PACERS
masterjoe712::I get that but people forget how pitiful and embarrassing this franchise was after the brawl with the players getting involved in crimes off the court thats why they only bring in high character guys now.
nh_55::For a while though ALL we had was Love and he's only really emerged over the past couple yrs.
masterjoe712::Yeah I go to games but if the pacers had a big draw like Kevin Love more fans would go despite a worse record
nh_55::So I guess the moral of the story is that winning alone can't draw ppl to the games
masterjoe712::Thats the point I'm making you were awful enough to get players like Kevin Love, Ricky Rubio, and even Michael Beasley who was picked 2nd by the Heat while the pacers don't get these big college players cuz they didn't tank games.
nh_55::I'm calling BS on that.  The Wolves have been AWFUL &amp; EMBARRASSING in the 4 plus yrs since KG has left and they are like 8 games under .500, but have seen a huge uptick in attendance.
masterjoe712::Why do you think that is? Im a pacers fan but there is a reason why attendance is low its not like indiana doesn't like basketball. The main reason I can think of all these teams have high lottery picks on their teams while the best the pacers have done in the last 20 years is the 10th pick which is Paul George from fresno state. It is hard to build a fanbase if you have nobody who can get excited about the players you have.
jjensen1192::cleveland f.ucking sucks i am very surprised that they dint have a worse record
quickbr0wnf0x::Try injuries (Varejao, Irving, Gibson, etc.) and trades (Sessions).  Forced to play a bunch of D-League players.    The fact that they are at least competitive is a tribute to the effort and fortitude of the coach and players.
Noles506::Step it up Pacers fans... I am a longtime Raptor fan, we are a perennial lottery team.. why do we average 17,000 fans a game good for around 18th...and you guys are 37-22 overall , 20-8 at home but are bottom three in attendance? With the likes of the Nets who are playing in a temporary home..or the Kings who may be re-located.. If you don't start supporting your winning team, it will be a losing team with a lack of revenue..then ultimately be moved to a market where folks actually attend games.
NGplayinskillz::You realize that Toronto is a WAYYYYY Bigger Market than Indiana right. After all, that is the only Canadian NBA team and Toronto is one of the most populous cities in North America.
iownamicrowave::fan support is definetly improving
tatey1001::Pacers clinch playoff spot and are putting a stranglehold on the #3 seed, yet barely make the headlines on ESPN NBA page. I know we are a small market team without a superstar, but the lack of recognition by the national media is becoming disrespectful.  I hope the Knicks move up to the 6th seed so the  media HAS to talk about us.  I can see the ESPN headline now: #3 seed Pacer UPSET #6 seed Knicks.  Shameful....
masterjoe712::Lol at halftime of the Mavs blazers game they mentioned every Eastern Conference team except the pacers. They were showing highlights of Heat-Bobcats and Knicks-Wizards why can't they at least mention the Pacers are the 5th team to clinch a playoff spot
gettindatscrilla::matters. its an ectirely different team and season you will be OK to like the team again
Justin54196::A couple things here. Remember the days of O'Neal, Artest, Tinsley, and Jackson? They team had a thuggish mentality and the fan base almost left. It is hard to get them back without a true super star. I have been a life-long Pacer fan, but after the way they embarrassed this city, it is still hard to get them back.
Noles506::Why should the "national media" care when fans at home don't care? Your city and it's fan base are pathetic...37-22, 20-8 at home and your bottom three in attendance.
mwlevine::Pacers are spreading minutes and getting production from everyone in some form. I think its clear that acquiring Amundson for Rush and Barbosa for the 2nd round pick were great moves and have really propelled the second unit and versatility of this team. Going on out they need to watch out for injuries and get ready to take the intensity up. Rest shouldn't be an issue everyones basically playing 20+ a night anyway. Go Pacers
newcaymanS::Pacers are a sleeper team... but um, least we forget they are in a small market and that DOESN'T happen in the NBA.
marcus-s2981::The spurs managed to win 4 titles being labeled a small market team.....so.....
334knicks::to be honest i think david xtern fixes games for ny chi okc and la
KingGeorge53::Congrats to the Pacers and their fans for the clinch!    Best of luck in the PO.  Ping Pong Ball Mania is revving up on the north shore!
BuckeyeheadKyle_828::Man, we are realling in Beal.
sa330206::No offense to ole' Samardo but really?  Top Performers Cleveland: S. Samuels 10 Pts, 10 Reb, 2 Ast, 2 Blk  You know we're in trouble.  Luckily we are shooting for a better draft pick.
PadresChargersClippers::I hope the pacers win the east.
newcaymanS::You have a 1 in 8 shot at winning the lottery?  What?  You playing cheapie scratch offs or something?  1 in 8 is the Pacers chances of coming out of the East.
334knicks::i think they have a chance but miami dont car about reg season anytime you have bron (minus the fourth lol) and wade they big time favs
DanielFrank29::you underestimate the pacers. not saying they should be favored, but the games earlier this season are not relevant. They've since added barbosa, plus west and hill are playing much better. the games that should be relevant are the 2 that the pacers blew out the heat and the OT game that the Heat won. oh, not to mention heat are the 2nd most dysfunctional team in the nba to orlando. ironic that they're both fla teams
334knicks::o i agree but im being realistic theyll prob go to second round and then heat beat indy in 5 or 6
DanielFrank29::typical media homer. pacers have a better chance of winning the championship than the knicks do of winning 1 round, lol knicks
334knicks::lol and i hope i win the lottery equal chances of occuring
chargersblow260::As Pacers fans who do we want to play in the first round Orl, Atl, or Bos? To be honest they all scare me a bit.
pacerpride35::Orlando, just to see the implosion after we advance.
DanielFrank29::agreed.
334knicks::orlando than atlanta cause orlando is mad dysfunc right now
pacerpride35::Pacers are trying to put a stranglehold on that 3 seed. Seven games left and then the playoffs.
DanielFrank29::espn headlines include knicks roll, tied for 7th. grantland column has boston as the 3 seed. keep letting everybody overlook indy, its easier if we can take the playoffs by surprise. playoffs!!!
GrannyDanger332::Roy Hibbert is like a human Greg Oden.
334knicks::LOW ... but ROTFLMFAO
chargersblow260::Back in the playoffs baby! Let's keep this streak going for years to come!
Kev_010::enjoy this win pacers. once all the weak teams this year gets to be play offs contenders Cavs will be back.
DanielFrank29::yea, not really sure what you are saying
adavisrc09::?
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::okay?
Lesternesman::NJ and TOR helped the cause tonight
DanielFrank29::Pacers woulda clinched anyway, magic number was 1. as in one loss by milwaukee or win by indy the entire rest of the season to clinch. we won, so we're in
mikeyp2307::guess i didnt miss much
Madhouse_United::As a Bulls fan, I will always hate the Pacers.........but congrats on the playoff spot. You've had a good season and have a good team.
ftwayne2408::so happy they r back in the playoffs and this year a factor. wont be a easy out. they wasnt last yr and wont b this yr either. they r playing well.
notoriousabg::Already got as much wins as they did all last season
TRHMC1::Cavs top performer went 2-7 and fouled out.  Good $@%! Cavs.
BIGWHATBIGCHAIR::pacers beat the cavs a couple days ago
Lesternesman::The same Cavs that beat IND a couple days ago
mattbarton3::Sure didn't.
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::you are a fool
roy hibbert goodingest kisser::gg baha men
Sensation6x::Bulls fan here. Gratz Pacers fans on the playoff berth. Great to see you guys good again. Hopefully, our 2 teams will meet up in the playoffs and have a great series!
Tonymojo3::alrite, hawks fan here, hawks beat pacers in season series, hawks went to game 6 with bulls, pacers won't make it farther
tjgriggs88::Hell yeah man, can't wait
mfergus10::Hopefully... be a good one to watch
Jimmy45795::Granny Danger &gt; Danny Granger
334knicks::too funny
pacerpride35::Don't let my daughter hear you say that. Danny's her favorite and warns anyone who guns him down that she may have to introduce mouth to punch.
Jimmy45795::so good i had to copy paste it
Rexanilatorz::YEAH!!!
GreyHound914::Another year of an extended season. Pacers making noise this year!
mfergus10::Hope So
mfergus10::playoffs too
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::the whole team is on fire geez
mfergus10::bench did a great job tonight!!
NySports7772::www.TheSportDr.c.om ...Sport Handicapping Website…My Record is 328-154-8 In The Past 180 Days… I Used to Be With VEGAS INSIDERS Before I went Solo And Opened My Own Service …I Have Over 290 Members And Over 10 Access Plans To Choose From…All Seasonal, Monthly, Weekly And Daily Plans Available…Registration Is Free …I Can Always Be Contacted Via Email or By Phone…<i>Purchase 1st Month And Get The 2nd Month Free!...<b>FULL REFUND POLICY on ALL PLANS if Customer is Not Satisfied with Service</b></i>
NySports7772::2/1 MONTH SPECIAL ENDS SUNDAY
Robdee999::I took a nap down by 13 and woke up by almost 20....good rest
tim mcdade::u need to pull a "rip van winkle," robdee! GO PACERS!!!
Pacers_Nation::I could not watch this game, how did Danny do?
marat75::Granny Danger &gt; Danny Granger
Pacers_Nation::that is the dumbest comment i have seen
Braden1885::Deepest team in the NBA will do that!
Braden1885::You better believe it. One of many great pickups this year!
Pacers_Nation::so Leandro was owning it up?
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::mehh, 7/15. played great d. average game from him. the bench killed
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::the oop!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::CAPTAIN BARBOSA with the dagger!!!
