Chris Thomas::Let's go Cats!
Steven Rivera::This is what the Knicks needed last season against the Pacers, Someone who can force Hibbert to come out the paint and contest some shots. Bargnani was a huge underrated pick up for the Knicks
Timothy J. Casey::lmao at Bargnani with the 5 blocks.
Marcus Grein::Godnani is ballin!!!
Rodney Coleman::Yqes sir,
Anthony Christie::all you knicks fans that doubt bargnani  kicks rocks ,u see his full potential so just give the guy a chance an let him play, also   have a lil more faith in the coach .#nyk
Darius S Sims::It's huge when your center stretches the floor. Bargnani could be matchup problems for a lot of guys at the 5 this year.
Rodney Cooley::Ewing has to coach Cats to score more than other team. That's all
Richard Therabbit::The Heat and the Pacers are the teams to beat but don't put the Nets as contenders against the Knicks who only got stronger in the off season.
Steven Rivera::Melo shouldve had a double double 28pts and 10+ assists, sucks that these guys cant be consistent when he feeds them the ball
Walt Thiessen::Good luck to Patrick Ewing in his debut as head coach, and best wishes for a speedy recovery to Coach Clifford.
Steven Rivera::Bargnani looking like Ibaka out there lol hopefully he can keep this up
Olivar Diaz::Finish em ns dudessss!!!!
Justin Sprouse::bobcats win 94 - 87 kemba 32 points
Maggie Page::4-2 for the cats
Max Geller::I like what Bargani does on the offensive end for the Knicks, but he is also a defensive liability against guys like Hibbert and Brook Lopez. The Knicks problems in the playoffs was defense, and Hibbert dominating Chandler, and instead of fixing that they made it easier for Roy. Thanks NY, Hicks are winning these Hicks vs Knicks battles, get big.
Gordon Waller::MJ is one of the worst owners/managers in NBA history.  Great player, and that is where it abruptly ends.  Ewing as head coach?  Please.  The Bobcats have enough problems without having a poor leader at the helm.
Steven Rivera::People say Melo dont pass the ball too bad they dont actually watch the games! Melo should be well over 8 assist this game if it wasnt for Felton missing most of those open 3's Melo fed him.
Jevin Terry::All of you Knick Fans who Hate on Melo.........you're gonna miss him when he departs.  Than you can enjoy more of that worthless POS Amare.
Steven Rivera::This is the game I in-vision when the Knicks signed Bargnani. Pick and Roll with Bargnani is going to be a huge factor for us this season
Lee Carousis::Last year Knicks went 16-4 when TC was out. Melo looking like a complete player. 28pts, 8reb. and 6ast. and playing D.
Balldiñho II::Will the Real Andrea Bargnani .... please stand up ..... i repeat .... will the real Andrea Bargnani PLEASE STAND UP
Dustin Raver::Is anyone for Charlotte even TRYING to establish a post game? Cuz nobody is hitting 3's
Lenny Len Len Liriano::"In order to win you have to score more points than the other team." -Javale Mcgee
Kool Kev::Andrea Bargnani gave the Knicks bench (19pts) the night off!!!
Justin Cohen::the Knicks are awfull get used to it everybody. #HEATnation
