RNYC::Gay hit the game winner last night.
dsphillips100::Time to sit Thompson. I can't stand that guy. He needs to come off the bench. No emotion. No fire. Jackson needs to cut his minutes and play Bazemore
rdlee32::What's with Richard Jefferson? He used to be pretty good.
TheBrownestBob::As a Cavs fan, I would just like to say thanks to Memphis for Speights and Ellington.  Speights is averaging 15 and 7 since coming over and the team is 6-2 since the trade.  The bench hasn't looked this good in years!  Thanks again and best of luck.
Grindhouse2413::We miss those guys. So glad they are playing well for yall. What happened to Josh Selby? Is he still in the league?
CrabtreeWasHeld::+ Jarret Jack is really missed
CrabtreeWasHeld::we need a goon...dubs defense and rebounding is terrible right now...why can't we defend the 3?
johnholmes6969::Prince and davis or luer for jj reddick
Spurs4TitlesRockets2TitlesMavs1Title Texas Basketball Rocks::Mark Jackson should get the most overrated coach of the year award
junniboy97::he turned that team around... and you're ignorant!
michael107117::Idk I think Quincy Pondexter once he comes back Hollins should put Prince on the bench and Pondexter in the starting line up, the more he plays the better he gets and let him do more offensively.
Grindhouse2413::I like it dude. Q has the right mix of offense and defense. I dont know if Hollins will put the veteran on the bench though man. It will be interesting to see for sure
emthomasjr::Man we needed this one!!! Thank you so much Grizzlies!  Quality win against a quality opponent with something to prove!  At least there is one match-up that we appear to own!  #GNG
Jumeax::there was bound to be a learning curve after they got rid of Gay, and they had gay for the 6 game streak under 86pts  and many were quick to judge after the 76 point perfromance, and Gay having a fluke game when he started in Torronto, But gay has cooled back down to form last two games well under 40%  and Grizzlies scores 76,90,92,99 with 26 assists and 40% 3P shooting in the last game  Good signs for Memphis
RNYC::You're a fool. This team is toast. Memphis has one player on the roster that can create his own shot. Bayless.  Oh and NO shooters
Carbon-based::Warriors at the end of the season will be the no8 or 9th seed .fact
emthomasjr::Heck naw.  The Dubs are actually in a minislide that is hiding an upstroke.
Grindhouse2413::I hope not. I like their team. Curry is amazing. I hope they get a chance to compete in the playoffs. I dont see Utah catching them
Jbrad24seven113::Grizz are starting to gel &amp; regain an identity.. Solidifying themselves as a contender this yr!! Still keeping my fingers crossed though for one more possible move before the deadline.. Hopefully a shooter.. Hopefully Mr. Redick!
htownse1::JJ is a great shooter....no one will argue that.  However, he is a BIG liability on defense which is the Grizzlies' identity (#1 defensive team in the league) so it's a tough call for me.  If we can get him without giving up much, I say go for it (But as soon as he slacks off on D, he will be right on the bench with Coach Hollins).
Grindhouse2413::Not against it. Just saying would the coach play him and allow him to make a difference?
Jumeax::Austin Daye is shooting lights out in small numbers, only averagin one 3, but in less than 2 attempts a game And Prince is also shooting a better 3P percentage than Reddick
Jbrad24seven113::U really tryin to make a case towards not going after him?? All that is great &amp; hopefully it continues.. But what's adding one more shooter of Redicks caliber gonna hurt?? He's havin a career yr
Grindhouse2413::would not say no to another shooter. thing is we have quite a few shooters and when QPon is back, our bench will be even deeper. Trick is COACH has to give them enough minutes and have plays designed to give them decent looks so than be effective for us
Lugene Parker::All I can say is wroten, bayless, daye, Arthur and davis could be a nasty bench for us.  Pick up Jerome Jordan for an athletic big off the bench and we could have a dangerous bench!  Come on Hollins, buy in!  Develop and unleash the new guys!
Grindhouse2413::Dont forget Q!
Soul_Sonic_Force_2::Like D.J. Spanish fly " A Worrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrddddd"
Grindhouse2413::Gasol + Aggression = WINS
Grindhouse2413::Gasol can dominate every night. He just needs to be selfish.
Jbrad24seven113::Exactly.. Aggressive Gasol=Unstoppable  Jus not sure y he can be so passive at times
Soul_Sonic_Force_2::so true his fist pump got me up out of my seat
Soul_Sonic_Force_2::See you at the game Sunday Grizz nation  and as always Love, Peace and Grind
Grindhouse2413::I will be there! The Grindhouse was ALIVE tonight! Great atmosphere! Love you Memphis!
Soul_Sonic_Force_2::hear hear!!
remy 88::Jeebus, GS.
Grindhouse2413::OK, I have been hard on TA but how crazy was his offense tonight? Missed his free throws late but man he was big early.
htownse1::I hold my breath every time TA has the ball on a fastbreak!  It's a 50/50 chance that he will lose the ball out of bounds/blow a lay-up or finish strong at the rack lol!
Grindhouse2413::TA for THREE!!!!!
AKsparky907::Yeah trick or treat sums it up. He has actually been shooting the jumper a lot better this year. It's those wild drives to the basket that kill me.
Grindhouse2413::hahaha i had no idea Boston called him Trick or Treat. Thats hilarious
Lugene Parker::His defense was awesome as well.  He was all over curry in the 4th.  Up until he fouled out.
Jbrad24seven113::We call him the Grindfather, but the Celtics called him Trick or Treat.. &amp; it's because of games like tonight.. Lol
Oaktown1029::I just watched the highlights, Curry's finger-roll was real sweet! Memphis still has D - offense gets hot and they can play with anybody.
Jbrad24seven113::Our offense has been the best it's been in awhile lately.. Surprise surprise.. Defense took a hit for some reason after the trade.. But their building more &amp; more chemistry each game.. Still gonna contend
Jbrad24seven113::dreamhax - embarrassing loss. memphis isn't good without gay. warriors need to step up there game. =========  Lol.. Butt hurt much?!?!  The team u saw tonight is the team they should &amp; will be.. Dominating everyone in the post &amp; opening it up with the long ball.. Since the Gay trade our offense has really taken off.. It's been the defense (head scratch) that slacked off a bit.. But these guys r starting to rebuild chemistry.. Grizz gonna be jus fine this yr.. And either with or without Rudy they r just better than the Warriors.. No question.. Keep it goin grizz
Grindhouse2413::Awwwww no double double for Lee boohooohoo
Grindhouse2413::Break out the broom Memphis cuz we just SWEPT the Warriors this season. EAT IT!!! Sunday should be a game where the coach can lighten up the rotations and hopefully give the new guys some burn
Grindhouse2413::I know, red hot in the first half and almost no shots taken in the second. what gives?
Lugene Parker::Man, Daye had it going tonight!
TheJTram::Man im glad to see Prince on a contending team and all but it feels strange to see him in another jersey....please treat him well
Lugene Parker::Will do!
dreamhax::embarrassing loss. memphis isn't good without gay. warriors need to step up there game.
Lugene Parker::actually, we are.  Were not that weak of a team.  If there is one player we cant operate without, its Gasol.  Team chemistry had been disrupted.  Were getting back on track.
Grindhouse2413::thanks for the insult as.shole. take your loss like a man. Memphis is just better with or without Gay than the Warriors
csaeteurn::Stephen Curry isn't the problem. He's soo good, that all eyes and D are on him even though he sitll gets his.This grizz game was proof of that. David lee gets his too. We just need klay and Barnes to step up and its not consistent. Klay will be the first one to be gone before Barnes if he doesn't step up. He good at shooting but can that shooting be consistent? Like i said, once beans/jefferson/bogut bad contracts are up, we get money to find a star player. 36m?
ChuckGF::Klay is a bonehead. too many bonehead plays
csaeteurn::If anything, I would trade Klay with Beans/Jefferson to get someone nice.
csaeteurn::Its good, I'm not worried about Warriors being in higher seed, as long as we get 8th is what we expected. They went from 5th to 6, even though its still better. Next year when Beans and Jefferson's and Boguts contract are up, we get tons of money to renew bogut or find a star.
ChuckGF::The problem for dubs fans is everyone went into the season hoping for 8th, 7th would have been seen as a massive improvement, but now after such a great start and some huge upsets, everyone has these lofty expectations.  I expect to see us sit around 6th-8th and would be pretty happy with that after the last few years + no Rush + half a season of Bogut + 3 rookies in the rotation.
MemphisTn7414::Go Grizzlies!
Dr. John Hollinger::Look for my new book: "How to ruin a franchise in 6 weeks" Available on amazon.com in June 2013
Lordkrimson::lol...wait a minute, ouch.
jumpy785::http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/001/582/picard-facepalm.jpg?1240934151
Lugene Parker::#WEDONTBLUFFCITY
canes052020::Is Jarrett Jack hurt? Why no minutes?
pedrobear1::yes
Lugene Parker::had a stinger in his shoulder i believe.
56tricolor14::Got a win when we absolutely had to have it. Hopefully we can build on this.
Wolfy_Pants::okay.. as it looks clips, nuggets, griz and warriors will hold to the #3,4,5,6 spots meaning they will play eachother in the 1st round in the playoffs...  memphis fans who will you like to play in the first round? (besides warriors since they won regular season play 3-0) 0-2 vs the clippers - beat us last year, lost first game 92-101, 2nd game 73-99 1-2 vs the nuggets - lost 1st game 92-97, lost 2nd game 94-99, won 3rd game 81-72  warriors fans same question 1-1 vs the clips - lost 1st game 110-114, won 2nd game 115-94 1-3 vs the nugs - lost 1st game 101-107OT, lost 2nd 91-102, won 3rd  106-105, lost 4th 105-116 0-3 vs the griz - lost 1st game 94-104, lost 2nd game 87-94, just lost 3rd 93-99   ???? me personally #3 clips vs #6 warriors - gs in 6 #4 griz vs #5 nuggets - mem in 7
Lordkrimson::I dont see the lakers making the cut....
Wolfy_Pants::it will be tough and unlikely, but rather see lakers than utah.. utah bores the heck out of me..
Wolfy_Pants::Would love to see:  #1 spurs vs #8 lakers #2 thunder vs #7 Rockets #3 clips vs #6 warriors #4 griz vs #5 nuggets
Lordkrimson::I dont like any match up with bigs that are quick. I also say the clips havent locked down the 3 spot. If Daye can be consistant from 3 I like the Grizz against anybody. But the defense has to return.
Lugene Parker::we've deff struggled with denver.  Dont know what we would look like against them right now.  And because this is a new team, and seeing that curry is a boss.  I'd hate to be in close games against curry in the playoffs.
pedrobear1::nugg/ clips. Pop is a way better coach than hollins and splitter did a number on zach and duncan is duncan
Wolfy_Pants::do the grizz have a better chance at beating the clips/nuggets or the spurs based on matchups
pedrobear1::and both have quick guards who can handle conley
Lugene Parker::your right.  If I had to choose GW would be at the top of the list.  we struggle against athletic bigs.
Wolfy_Pants::yeah the first round will be tough, and the grizz could easily lose and be out early.. but looks like the first round playoffs will be exciting.. cept utah, the only team i think doesnt excite me, rather see the lakers instead.. even though the lakers havent lived up to potential i think alot of teams would rather play utah in the first round than the lakers
pedrobear1::don't matchup well with either team tbh just GSW. Denver has athletic bigs that take Gasol and Zach out of the game as does the clips
pedrobear1::if the grizz have homecourt then either Warriors or nuggs. no homecourt just Gsw
Lugene Parker::Cant say right now.  We need more time to integrate the new guys some more and build some more chemistry.
Lugene Parker::Now if we can integrate wroten, utilize chris and daye more, and get Hollins to buy in, we'll be in business!
Grindhouse2413::+1000 likes Play Wroten with Bayless, use Cjohnson and Daye together and Davis too
Oaktown1029::This road trip hasn't been nice. Schedule gets much easier in a couple of weeks for the position push. Thompson going through one of his "funks," he's a very streaky player and it's great when he's on but he struggles both offensively and defensively when he's not. It's still only his 2nd year.
Lugene Parker::I like you guys team.  You guys will deff be something to reckon with.
Lordkrimson::me too I love 3 shooting fools...and they have a couple,
Wolfy_Pants::warriors have impressed me.. early in the year when they were in the top 5 i kept saying to myself and friends it wouldnt last and be lucky to make an 8th seed.. but they have shut me up
drstravinsky::Rudy Gay the game winner!!!
Lordkrimson::...And thats what the Grizz will miss the most. I dont know who is clutch with the Grizz as they are now..
drstravinsky::i'm liking what I'm seeing from Rudy. his shot wasn't going and wasn't getting the calls but he stuck with it and was money when it counted.
pedrobear1::true hope he does well for you guys until the 20th of this month
jayman2255::14 in the 4th alone,didn't start well but he was huge in the 4th and in overtime
jayman2255::Ed Davis is looking good!
Grindhouse2413::We all agree that our new guys, Davis included, need more playing time
drstravinsky::he was playing great for toronto before the trade. he needs to get more PT
I CANT BELEIVE I LOST::WARRIORS FUCKKING SUCK
pedrobear1::Marc needs to be the number 1 option on the team
gotigersmemphis87::Totally!
pedrobear1::still a disconnect between the FO and Hollins
9_seifert::dropped all 3 against the flipping grizlies. not liking the possibility of a playoff matchup with them if we cant figure out how to beat them
I CANT BELEIVE I LOST::YOU GUYS FUCKKNG SUCK,BUNCH OF FUKKING HEADCASES ON THAT FUCKKING TEAM
calimd00322::neither one of these teams has a chance at being in the top 4
girlnextdoortgr::MacBo50 rebound ta win it!
I CANT BELEIVE I LOST::I HOPE THE WARRIORS BUS FUCKKING CRASHES FUCKKKKKING NIGGGGERS
Ez Roc::AND STOP LIKING YOUR OWN IGNORANCE!
Ez Roc::WOW U MUST LIVE IN CALI,,LOL
_Neanderthal Hipster 3.0_::haa haa :-P
JuMoNBossUp::lmao
gotigersmemphis87::Aaaand flagged
calimd00322::warriors will probably be the 8 seed by the 1st week in march.  after that they only have 4 road games though so they might be able to get the 6 or 7
I CANT BELEIVE I LOST::FUCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK CANT BELEIVE I FUCKKING LOST BY1
jumpy785::We have good start so far, but this going to be a BAD ending :(
I CANT BELEIVE I LOST::HOW THE FUCKK CAN WARRIORS NOT MAKE A FUCKKNG BASKET IN THE LAST 5 MINS
I CANT BELEIVE I LOST::NBA IS FUCKKING RIGGED
_Neanderthal Hipster 3.0_:::)
I CANT BELEIVE I LOST::CANT BELEIVE I FUCKKING LOST BY 2 FUCKK THE WARRIORS FULL OF FUCKKING HEADCASES
pedrobear1::hahahahahahaha
redvictor312::UGLY WIN OMG
Lugene Parker::Nice one GW fans.  You guys team i love and respect.  Grit N Grind Grizz!
