Olivia2920::Win some, lose some
R Bond::Saw some hints of Ri-Dirk-ulous Vince-anity in this game!   It was awesome!!   Especially when you realized that no one on the OKC team could really check Dirk nor Vince.    (And...Not to mention that OKC cannot stop Odom and the soon to realize that he is unstopable Haywood)
outlaws3232::This is why I cant see OKC as the favorite to advance out of the west. They have no halfcourt offense whatsoever outside of Westbrook or Durant going one on one on the wings. Any veteran team like the Mavs, Spurs, or Lakers will beat them in a 7 game series.
outlaws3232::I have been saying this all along idiot. Every media outlet is picking OKC to come out of the west. Smart basketball minds like myself no better.
T8ke_A_Picture::You don't no better or know better? lmao
Chargers_4_Sale::Did you think that up yourself or read the media news for today?
playsumD::Lamar letting his emotions get the best of him, probably heeding the advice of the Kardashians.... well, well, well.... you're still a bench players in Dallas and not only your numbers are messed up now but also your head.
Chargers_4_Sale::Everyone don't confuse the Thunder fans for Durant fans.  Durant fans are the ones who want Westbrook gone. Thunder fans see that this a team sport and don't blame one player when things go wrong.
TWISSUM::Dirk Nowitzki-led Mavericks send Thunder to first loss - Thanks alot Russell West"broke".
francisnolan::good job skip bayless
mrFEEZY::almost 50% isnt that bad.
Chargers_4_Sale::To Durant fans it's Westbrook's fault that Durant went 10-21 shooting.
RiSe_4_I3aTTLe::10-21 is bad? lol
joshhoward05::How is the westbooks fault? If OKC doesn't want him, we will certainly take him.
OFrog::Is F8ke a picture the biggest tool on these boards?
Chargers_4_Sale::U mad bro?
sgant22::2 significant bench players were out but not an excuse. They just flat out didn't have it tonight. Dallas wanted it more. OKC will rebound. Westbrook I still got your back. Stay aggressive and keep driving it to the basket no one can stop you but realize you can't go thru the guy so slash but once you get by your  guy look to see who that next man rolling over is because no his man will be open and hopefully driving to basket for layup or dunk. BTW love those dunks-WOW. GO THUNDER!
TWISSUM::West"Broke" is an NBA Allstar reserve and should know his role.  I don't see him figuring out the game of BBall all over again in 66 games.
kobnk2007::Durantula is like 6 foot 10 and he has 2 rebounds. Nice!
13kobe13::No way OKC wins a title with Westbrook as their Point Guard.  He takes way too many bad shots and turns the ball over too much.  Hes a great player, but not a great point guard.
Chargers_4_Sale::Says the Laker fan who wants Westbrook in LA.
Chargers_4_Sale::Everyone Mavs are back because it took a home game, 2 Thunder players with flu like symptoms and  the team players playing coming off the New Year hang over. Gratz Mavs you really prove you're back in the running.
francisnolan::still two important pieces in the team
EvilShadow651::Yup the legendary Thabo Sefalosha and the all mighty Daequan Cook. You're right...
TheBestThereEverCouldBe::New Year's Eve was Saturday bro. Not even I drank enough to still be hung over.
Malcom Floyd the Barber of Marion::Mavs are on a one-game streak look out NBA the paper champs are back.
GoMeanGreenFan::The Heat are the paper champs.  SMH
LoyolaProp::Or actual champs. Whichever works I guess.
ok_sooner82::I love the fact that when Fri OKC beat DAL U hardly saw any Mavs fans on the board now that they win 1 all of a sudden the Mavs r back r u kidding me NEWSFLASH:::its only 1 game and not to mention OKC was playing without COOK (OKC 3 point shooter) and SEFELOSHA (1 of their  top 3-4 defensive players) when both of those guys were on the floor Fri I seem to remember how OKCs 2nd unit walloped Dallas 2nd unit....funny huh
R Bond::WOW!! Who was playing a back-toback game here?!  OKC barely won last week on a lucky shot!  Do not get delusional so early in the season drinking all of the kommentator kool-aid..
GoMeanGreenFan::If missing Cook and Sefalosha wreck your team, then there may be issues.  Also, the team that wins usually has more fans posting no matter which team or which sport.  It's just the way it is, not an indictment of a particular fan base.
ok_sooner82::oooooh I must have hit a sore spot ....lol
ok_sooner82::again u show your ignorance of knowledge when it comes to this sport .....95% of fans and analysts have stated OKC has the deepest bench in the leafue not to mention the stats support those statements...u have shown in the last few days that u r a disgruntled Seattle fan..ATTENTION:::ATTENTION THE GUY ABOVE ME IS A TOOL......
kwstumpy::God, I love the Thunder, but this is dumb.
Dented_rim::LMAO - I love it!  You have a link for this claim of 95%? These people who pull out fantasy percentages are the real tools. Bet you make up your love life too...hehehe.
Dented_rim::Like OKC never catches teams when they are short handed? OKC has been the healthiest team in the league for two years - and you used Perkins recovery last year every time you could. The Thunder are not a deep team and over due for a major injury - or at least that is what my auto insurance company said when they raised my rates and I had no claims or tickets...lol.
Dented_rim::Westbrook and Durant are now in totally different worlds in the bigger picture. Durant cashed in before the new CBA and got millions a year more than Westbrook will get when he re-signs. I'd be a little bent too if I was a major part of the team and was about to get less just because of timing. OKC never once offered to extend Westbrook before the lockout - shows the real side of tightwad McClendon and company.  The Thunder are not going to ever be big spenders - not when McClendon losses BILLIONS on business risks.
ok_sooner82::really r u back again u have proven that u know absolutley nothing about this sport and do nothing but make up stuff for attention
Dented_rim::BTW; it was a National reporter who made the statement that Durant cashed in - it wasn't my opinion....I just agree with it.
Dented_rim::So you don't mind if your co workers make more than you when you do the same job? It's human nature - or am I making up what people do...lmao, whatever! Westbrook does just as much for OKC as Durant, and OKC would be fools to trade him...but they sure as heck won't break the bank to re-sign him.  OKC fans are clueless when it come to the business end of Pro sports.
USSMercer::I'm not sure who's more overrated..... OKC or Miami.....
marco19188::overrated cause those 2 teams loss one game u sir are a moron
Dented_rim::marco - you may want to hit the edit function....moron.
alex_gomes::any1 else think cardinal is done? hasn't made a 3 this season, but keeps throwing them up. I am sure the mavs can find a different player to put in there to stretch the floor a little...
Dented_rim::Most of the older players are coming out of the gate slowly - if you are around 35yo, you will totally understand.
Darzini::Hope Cousins and Westbrook end up on the same team.
soonerborntwerp::who cares home game mavs should have won
soonerborntwerp::I have to go pee really bad. but i dont want anyone looking
TubbyTime334::Mavs Are Back!!!
T8ke_A_Picture::People don't mind the last season newly Thunder fans. The real Thunder fans like to keep Westbrook despite the decisions he makes.
snow_brdr_88::Sorry to hear that...thats rough
AndySportsB::Meh, tough loss bound to lose eventually.
Marqui6852::Mavs looked good tonight im proud of them. The champs are back!
Lvking78::I blame durant for this loss
RolloTomasi_UNC::I mean,  I don't even follow the NBA, but I can smell the dynamics.....Kevin Durant is sick of this dude, he is just being polite.  Westbrook has very good trade value. NOW is the time to unload this dude......
RolloTomasi_UNC::Seriously, Westbrook is a clown. If the Thunder traded a 2nd rounder and Westbrook for Ty Lawson.......The Thunder should make that trade in a second!!  Pull the Trigger before Westbrook goes full blown....damn....what's the dude who plays for the Kings?     Pull the Trigger before Westbrook goes full blown dummy who plays for the Kings......
RolloTomasi_UNC::Hey Westbrook? Nobody knows who you are, you are not a superstar. Kevin Durant is a superstar who everyone knows....  The Thunder should trade for Ty Lawson or Raymond Felton.......straight up......
TheRealRowsdower::Ty Lawson would make the Thunder very very dangerous.... but not going to happen... no way the Nuggets let Lawson walk... Raymond Felton is 14 points. 6 assists in 35 minutes at best, doesn't help the Thunder
RolloTomasi_UNC::They would be just about even with what they have now with Raymond Felton (but without a headache).
BlazersWar::hey Champs congrats on your win against the Zombies ... but the stats sheet tells me Dirk missed a free throw - riots going to happen in downtown Dallas I guess
Jerryintx88::thats right champs
4thQuar7er::Oklahoma found a way to shoot worse then the Knicks from three.  The Knicks shot 35 threes.
zags 79::I have a feeling we will see the same exact conference finals as last year. Bulls gotta get past their elephant in the Heat and Thunder have their wall in the Mavericks. Both will overcome them. Bulls/Thunder Finals
Way Klaro::Count out the mavs... again!
TheRealRowsdower::Thunder still aren't ready... and the Mavs have one thing that the Thunder don't... Dirk... he owns them and the Thunder are one rare shot from being 0 and 2 against the Mavs this year... record aside... I am taking vetern saavy over young and athletic any day of the week... Westbrook is too much of a knucklehead to carry the team to the top.... 60 games left to go and the Mavs put it to the Thunder tonight
ok_sooner82::0-2 now u really sound like an idiot this was the 2nd meeting between these 2 teams in 5 days and if I remember correctly the Thunder won the 1st with a 3 from KD at the buzzer...
chubby rain::I agree. Just play zone against the Heat.
DenverDiehard35::This was a good a** game, the western conference is good as sh**!!!
andylee96706::oh, you mean the league that won the last 3 NBA titles? yah, east REAL tough. idiot
chubby rain::Ha,ha, the NO defense league!
Way Klaro::Comes playoffs and we will see the classic Lebrick chock. Year after year!
_Purple_Drank_::Good keeping hating on the Heat, you all actually think you're that special &amp; cool when you hate the Heat? When they win the Championship, a lot of you should have tomatoes &amp; dirt thrown on you!
Jerryintx88::Heat will choke once again or should i say labrick,  same old story you should start crying now
TheRealRowsdower::I've been hating the Heat since before you started watching them... so there
kujhac::@_Purple_Drunk  nah..........the world will just cough up phlegm on Lebrick and DuhWade.
gupsphoo::I don't heat on the Heat.  I said they weren't good enough last season and I'm saying the same thing again.  Does that mean I'm a hater because I'm right?
Way Klaro::You're right. Heat fans are just whining.
Mega_Tron4::For real this isnt even a heat forum
Way Klaro::Not one, not two, not three, not four... Hahahaha!
Luclongley_MVP::Tough loss OKC, but you guys are still the best team in the West.
Jerryintx88::not
ShaqLee_1::So you have the Mavs and Spurs in the WCF?
netjunkie88::Why not Mavs/OKC?
TheRealRowsdower::One lucky shot not falling from being 0 and 2 against the Mavs... the Mavs own the Thunder and proved it in the playoffs last year and tonight... they can't guard Dirk and we are WAY too deep.... they only had 6 people score tonight... we had 6 in double digits... when it comes down to the playoffs, I'll take vetern saavy over young and athletic anyday.... we proved it last year and we will do it again
ok_sooner82::u really show how stupid u truly r 1st this is not the same Mavs team as last yr (no Chandler no Butler no Stevenson no Stokovich) and if u knew anything the Thunder played 2 newbies 1 who is a rookie with only 3 mins of playing time b4 2nite because their leading 3 point shooter was sick and 1 of their top 3 defensive players and starter was injured
jmac22101::What do u guys think about durants shoes
Mega_Tron4::The coppers are the best ones.
S4TISF4CTION::Not having Daequan Cook and Sefolosha was bad...
jmac22101::Westbrooks good but hes gotta give it up.to durant in the 4th quarter
Way Klaro::Miami should lost a lot. It would be the basketball fans source of happiness!
Way Klaro::Why did they cry when they lost to my great mavs team in the finals?! lol!
_Purple_Drank_::Why? Cause you hate them like a million others, trust me you're just a fan, so the Heat don't care.
Jerryintx88::well your just a fan to so blow me lol
Texas10056::This is exactly what the team needs. Time to go on a 20 game winning streak.
S4TISF4CTION::Too bad that's not gonna happen.
Jerryintx88::to bad your moms fat and ugly to  guess thats where you got it
I am Dirk Nowitzki::We need too continue our tradition of winning 50+ games 10 straight years
Metta World War 3::I wish the Bobcats and T wolves would have finished the Heat off so they would be the laughing stock of the league
Mega_Tron4::O ya you got blown out!!
Texasgirl6200::Our second game was against Denver.
Mega_Tron4::2nd game of the season
Texasgirl6200::Hey dumbnuts (Purple) when did we play the Kings?
_Purple_Drank_::Hey I wasn't talking to you, I was talking to the idiot Metta World War 3. The Lakers troll who said his team hasn't played the Kings!
Way Klaro::I love to laugh a lot in every heat defeat! I just don't know why!
_Purple_Drank_::You all lost 100-91, you're obviously not a fan or a bandwagon Lakers fan.
_Purple_Drank_::Losing to the Kings makes you guys the laughing stock of the league right now.
Metta World War 3::Haven't even played the Kings moron
_Purple_Drank_::Heatles &gt; Fakers
Jerryintx88::you mean dirk&gt; wade   dirk owned all thier asse.ss   in the finals  boy  except it and live with it  cause its never gonna change
I am Dirk Nowitzki::Dirk = Clutch Lebron = Choke
Metta World War 3::Not sure i  have that much time lol
_Purple_Drank_::That's true, but Dirk was a choke at one point in his career, so wait till Lebron matures.
_Purple_Drank_::I think he meant with Lebron on the team.
sespi001::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IS1RfvndRXE&amp;feature=related
sespi001::1=1.. idiot
_Purple_Drank_::Wade=Dirk
I am Dirk Nowitzki::1 &gt; 0
Metta World War 3::Blake Griffen, Marion, and Noah have worst looking shots
chubby rain::And they ALL make more money than U!
Larry Emelianenko::TMac is back, Mavs are back, Heat lost, Lakers still suck, this is going to be a good year.
Jerryintx88::lol whatcha been smoking?
ShiloInn1985::All well and good that Dallas finally got off the schneid. But the Lakers will finish ahead of the Mavs this year. Probably by 10-12 games at least.  Dont say you werent warned.
sespi001::one game.. kris humphries had a huge one too
Metta World War 3::Is that you Kim Kardashian??
Metta World War 3::TMac was awesome 2nite. Outplayed D wade, from the bench!!
Larry Emelianenko::TMac was the man hes still got it.
FanOfTexas21::I guess if we'll talk football.. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s8zZRBTOcnY
Snakes_::What a great night.... I was absolutely trashed
hanginandbangin::Every time I see Marion shoot a jumpshot I want to puke.
hanginandbangin::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XtK-umiJtTg&amp;feature=related   MU &gt; KU
Metta World War 3::Replace Marion w/ Westbrook and sentence still works
phil80800::i get the same feeling when i see Jokim Noah shoot
phil80800::touche
adamrawr18241::i get the same feeling when i see noah.
DTangMF::Glad to see defending Champ doing their things~
phil80800::as a Wolves fan i thank you in 2 parts Mavs, 1. You have brought us closer to the Thunder with our wins today and 2. T8ke a Picture will stay off our boards for now
phil80800::yes, he is jealous we have Rubio and he has Westbitch, so he calls Rubio "Pubio"
Metta World War 3::Hes a d bag lol
_Purple_Drank_::Since the Celtics big 3, every teams fans want there team to have a big 3, did you know it takes 5 strong &amp; a good bench to win a championship?
S4TISF4CTION::NOPE.
Metta World War 3::Best all white rotation in the league courtesy of Lakers:  C - Gasol PF - Troy Murphy SF - McRoberts SG - Kapono PG - Steve Blake
Silverygreen971::LAKERS 3-PEAT!!!!!!!!!
FanOfTexas21::Sweeeeeep!
d butler16::Lakers suck
I am Dirk Nowitzki::lol
