arizonasportsman::Good.
swooshfiend::If Kobe has a bad back, it's from carrying this team on it! I hope Dr Buss gets better because his son is going to bankrupt this franchise!
r8r4life81::james worthy needs to take the laker dic! out of his mouth and come to the realization that the lakers are done for the year!
stan7774::I like Kobe, but there is no excuse for 10 for 32. Pass the ball! Where was Howard? They still have not hardly played together. Get it together, Lakers, we are getting restless. Jim Buss, you are primarily to blame! for your this team not having a winning record and coach with leadership qualities. D'Antoni is a nice guy and knows the game, but he does not have the respect of the players as a Phil Jackson. Buss, if things do not change in the organization, I and many others will find another team to follow and spend our money. It is one thing to lose when you are doing your best to improve the team, but everyone knows you have not made the best decisions for the organization. THAT IS YOUR JOB!!!!!  GET IT RIGHT OR WE ARE GONE!!!
Beanslams46::Here is some remedial math for you airtards. Kobe was fouled 22 times on those shots he took but was ignored by the officials. Sending Kobe to the line for even just three of all those no-calls for a mere six points wins the game for the Lakers. The officials are doing a systematic, crappy job of letting Kobe get hacked and NOT sending him to the line. Bottom line, fewer shots by Kobe and more ALERT refs to send him to the line.
scabbfan::Seriously??  Hahahahahahaha  kobrick is the most protected player in the history of the NBA. A jump shooter that gets the most ft's.  lols They should put a dress on kobrick.
Seven seconds of pleasure::Calderon &gt; Bryant
ElvinHayesRules::A few years back you would've thought a team that had Kobe as it's fifth-best player would be pretty decent...
vicmo25 - vol. 2::Half way thru the season and they are 17-23................  with just 42 games remaining on their schedule they need to go 25-17 JUST TO BE at .500 by the end of the season............but if they wanna make the playoffs they'll of course need to win more than 25 of the last remaining 42 games and I don't see that happening
Looks good on u tho::Atlanta getting schooled by the TWolves after 1...  Josh Smith "mic'd up" for the game and over heard asking:  "Damn, when do the Lakers come to town?"
80lakersfan::Lakers will start winning when they learn to stop crying on the court for every call and play like they are out to prove they are the best!!Talent on paper does not  win anything and until they figure this out we will keep losing to the Cav's and Raptors how embarrassing.
Mole49ers::10-32 doesn't help either.
Hillerns::I will give Kobe this; at least he has taken responsibility for losing one game this season. That's something.
Looks good on u tho::Kobe was sooooo bad even HE couldn't point the finger at anybody after the game.  Wow.
bigoke32::Kobe has twice the shot attempts Gasol does and only has one more point then Gasol lol!!! Pass the ball Kobe you have some talented team mates!!  I would love to see how this team does w/ Kobe sitting out a couple games.
LakerFansSuck2012::Remember:  Nash+Kobe+Howard+Pau= 2013 Champions  -Laker Fans
LBJMVP2013::17-23 with 3 all stars........only 2 games above the orlando magic the team howard left!! PRICELESS!
theflyeststar::lol
I Speak With Reason Not Emotion::Correction 5 all-stars.... 3 hall of famers
bballfballfan::kobe cant be traded...no trade clause in his contract....only way he could leave the lakers if he retires or they amnesty him
scabbfan::amnesty kobe
LBJMVP2013::LOL at kobe slupers STILL saying its not kobes fault!!!kobe has gone 10-32 and 8-25 last 2 games!!v the raptors kobe shot 31% with 6 turnovers rest of the team shoots 50% with 7 turnovers!! yeah the team is such the problem!! LMAO
bballfballfan::its all earl clark and sacres fault were losing...what a shame
Looks good on u tho::Just think....if Jordan Hill and Pau Gasol didn't get hurt, no one would know about Earl Clark
bballfballfan::i knew who he was...was drafted pretty high just never got any playing time
jay bloom007::The problem is not Kobe.  It's Nash.  He can't penetrate, can't play defense, and half of the Laker possessions end up with Nash being double teamed at the top of the key because he can't do the pick and roll anymore.
scabbfan::It's kobe
ryyyang::Agree.  it's not Kobe.  It's the whole team and the coach.  Mike No D'antoni was not the right coach for this team.  They shoulda stuck with Brown or signed Phil back.  Say bye-bye to Howard.
texnihilo::Has the panic button been officially pressed yet, or is the finger still just flexing?
stan7774::We are not panicked, we are mad! This season could have been so much better with a few different decisions. Namely the coach! and some defense for goodness sake! also not the coach for the job!!! Buss, you are ruining the Lakers!
ElvinHayesRules::Who ever thought a team would be better by cutting Kobe, Howard and Nash? :  )
ryyyang::Must just be you.
ElvinHayesRules::"I'm not too to tired to shoot it, I'm just too tired to MAKE it."  - Kobe
Shawn1807::Easy game tonight...................................................      For the Bulls
Bill GOAT potus::Moves before the trade deadline. Gasol to Memphis for picks. Howard to Houston for picks. Nash to OKC for picks. Kobe (if requested by him) to Brooklyn for picks.
ryyyang::I say, try to trade Gasol to Miami for Mike Miller, Rashard Lewis and Chalmers.  Both teams would benefit.  Lakers would get the shooters they need for this type of team and Miami would get a center that can actually rebound and play defense.
bballfballfan::lakers arent trading with miami at all....and miller and lewis are washed up and chalmers is only known for playing with lebron and wade thats it
bballfballfan::kobe cant be traded
bballfballfan::no trade clause
ryyyang::Unless he asks for it.
Stravitz::4  2nd rd picks total....it may help
Bill GOAT potus::Just need to get all that cash off the books, get a few picks and re-build. The game has passed the Lakers by. Time to re-invent the organization.
Stravitz::lol, yeah...I gotcha.......unfortunately, Kobe ain't going anywhere, and Howard's stock keeps dropping.  Looks like Gasol's trade value barely has a pulse.
Bill GOAT potus::They dont have any of there own picks left and this team is well..."this" team.
LBJMVP2013::you can bring as many all stars to one team but if they have zero chemistry and respect on the floor then they will always fail!! Kobe really did think by getting howard he could piggy back to the finals again!! LOL
Shawn1807::Orlando aka (the lakers farm league) has failed you this time. Maybe the Grizz will send you another Gasol for free. Meanwhile the Spurs just keep on winning without being infused with other teams allstars every few years. Lakers are a joke.
LBJMVP2013::Kobrick when scored 25-30 points record this season 5-19!!! LOL
Spleefay::Kobe is a lot like Taylor swift. Attractive on paper (no $@%!) But bad in relationships. Lakers are in trouble lol
chewbacca1245::Dwight howard has to be the biggest bust to come to LA............... EVER!
Bill GOAT potus::I think that was Pam Anderson...oh you said bust...i thought you said busts.
LBJMVP2013::and kobe and magic begged him!! HAHAHAHA
LBJMVP2013::Hey i bet the lakers actually win tonight in chicago!!
Ball dont lie but Obama does::Only if they're playing the chicago sky by some chance and even then I wouldn't bet on the lakers
Kokriderz::Trap game for the bulls.
Ball dont lie but Obama does::I should have signed with Toronto for all of this.  -Steve Nash
LBJMVP2013::jordan with pippen,rodman, kukoc 1996......72-10 still an nba record Korbrick with gasol,nash and howard 2013.....17-23 not even half way through the season and will set an nba record for the team with so much talent to fail so pathetically!!! LOL
Kokriderz::Clippers &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Lakers
Kokriderz::"This one is on meCouldn't throw the ball in the ocean if I was sitting on a boat. Had plenty of easy looks#noexcuses gotta get my legs back"  - Kobe  The whole season has been on you.
theflyeststar::yikes the lakers play the bulls tonight lol, those bulls are tough won't be an easy game
Looks good on u tho::Well, actually it WILL be an easy game.  For Chicago.
Kokriderz::They Suns are going to get the top 2 picks in this years draft thanks to Lakers.
theflyeststar::damn what is really good with the lakers, the way things are going they won't make the playoffs
Kokriderz::LOLakers 12th place in West.
Looks good on u tho::What is really amusing...  is that they are only 4.5 games out of the Western Conference basement.  I mean...really.  That is truly amazing.
LBJMVP2013::12th place with kobe,gasol,nash and howard all the help kobrick wanted is even more hillarious!
Looks good on u tho::Sacto better look out....  The Laker elevator is going dowwwnnnnn......
LBJMVP2013::Prince_basketball........after getting howard and nash...yeah yeah 73-9 and the ring is ours.......reality u fire your coach after 5 games who was not the problem, and are a pathetic 17-23 and will not make the playoffs!!! kobe asked for howard and nash and your lakers are playing worse than when you just had gasol like last season.LOL
prince_basketball::i think mike d is not the right coach for our team, i still cant believe we are not playin well up to now,  i think it was a grave mistake to not to hire philip jackson, and i now feel that we wont win a  champioship this year, its sad and painful to write this but my fellow lakers its the truth , ,,,,
LBJMVP2013::lol SHUT UP phil did not want to come back and how you have played has proved that!!also it was KOBE who asked for mike d to replace brown!! its got nothing to do with mike d, does mike d tell kobe to always take so many bricks even when he is shooting so badly?no he does not that is kobe's pathetic ego always thinking about his all time points total instead of how he can make his team mates better!!
LBJMVP2013::Kobrick 10-32 and 8-25 last 2 games!!!!yeah such an hall of famer!!!jordan at 40 playing for the wizards never shot like kobe does at 34!! LOL
Stantonsasaki::I truly can't believe Kobe does not get it.  He is simply clueless.  He is not a team player in a game which requires team play, more than in any other sport.  It is obvious to his fans, his haters, his team, his teammates, his coach.....everyone.  Regardless if he trusts his teammates or not, he cannot be taking half of the team shots and expect to win games.  I don't know why his coaches, teammates or ownership cannot sit him down and explain that to him that he needs to stop being such a ball hog.  Will he sulk?  Maybe.  Get mad?  Probably.  Will they get better?  Most definitely.  I am not a Laker fan.  I can see how toxic Kobe is making that "team".  Too much talent there not to make the playoffs, but Kobe is killing them.
LBJMVP2013::2 seasons ago lebron with miami started 9-8 kobe slupers were dissing then the heat won 19 of there next 21 and make the finals, then last year lebron won a ring. Kobrick with gasol,howard and nash also started 9-8, then lost 5 of their next 8, fire their coach after 5 games and are now a pathetic 17-23 which is going to get much worse,will not make the playoffs and go down as the most abysmal season in nba history,even with all the help kobe can still not win!! LMAO!
Ball dont lie but Obama does::Like I tell people Derek Fisher has just as many rings as Kobe so does that make him better then Lebron too?
Stravitz::Can I compare Lebron to Fisher yet ?
Shawn1807::You can't compare Lebron to Kobe yet it's to early.
prince_basketball::shutup  you ,,, dont ever compare kobe and lebron,,,,,,,,,,, compare them, when lebron has archieved almost what kobe has won
LBJMVP2013::also lebron has never shot 10-32 and 8-25 in back to back games ever like kobrick just has!!LOL
LBJMVP2013::LOL you mean kobes first 3 rings that shaq won for him?then when shaq leaves and wins a ring with miami kobe for 3 years gets ousted in first round of playoffs until he gets gasol? kobe is a disgrace and only slupers like you who are to dumb to realise that when kobrick shoots his bricks u always lose!!!
Spleefay::I think I got the lakers excuse if they don't or when they don't make playoffs "Well if we were in the east we would have made it" - Kobe/dantoni/laker fans
Looks good on u tho::This year I have a feeling they won't even be able to use that excuse.
ucangetthebozackagain2::"Kobe shot 32% over the last two games because his teammates suck; he needs more help" - Kobe Bryant Athletic Supporters
jaydubespn::- Kobe Bryant
Seahawks Fan Since Last Week::Do the Lakers ever lose when Kobe shoots under 18 shots?
Looks good on u tho::Don't know - too small of a sample size.  Kobe rarely shoots under 18 shots.
Seahawks Fan Since Last Week::It was rhetorical... They've only lost once this season when Kobe shoots under 18 shots...
OMAR BIAN::The Lakers are 2 more loses CH/MEM from being  (8 games below 500) and being considered the biggest  BUST in NBA history if they don't even make the playoffs The Heat were 2 games from a championship and were considered a bust  The Lakers won''t even make the playoffs? WOW
LA Clipp Joint::Bulls and Grizz will be feasting too ...
Kobrick chucker bryant::Watch Jose Calderon carve up the Lakers "defense"
Looks good on u tho::You know the game has already been played, right?
Kobrick chucker bryant::no
BMITCH1022::Its a joke that two players on this awful team are allstar starters!
BMITCH1022::lol
Looks good on u tho::The arena should pass out placards with the Lakers record to hold up when they announce Kobe and Dwight during the starting lineup announcements.....
Kobrick chucker bryant::what? who????????
Jubin3567::Did I read this right ? Did Kobe really say "blame me"?
Looks good on u tho::Sometimes he plays so crappy that even Kobe can't point the fingers at anyone else....
