bigkgfan::When Rubio and Love return this could be the best Wolves team ever.  Even better than 2004.  Not saying they will be better than 2004 but its not impossible.  A lot will depend on Rubio's knee.  Kirilenko, Roy, Buddinger, Shved, and Stiemsma are so much better than Beasley, Wes Johnson, Martell Webster and Darko.  You wouldn't think so, but it's not even close.  The new guys defend, rebound, and share the ball.  These individuals know how to play team basketbal.  Given all the new pieces, the early chemistry is pretty remarkable.
Kev_010::MN the state with bunch of suburban white boys acting ghetto
DrakeIsRaw::come through and get some...we hard, we hard!! lmao, im just messing around, but Minneapolis is much more diverse than your description
manningbro17::BUCKETS AND BUCKETS OF SALT to those who thought the Wolves were done for once Love went down.
FIUFan34::Wow this Orlando roster is so weak. Crazy that they didnt get much for Dwight.
Magic are better than you::Calm down.  First of all this is a rebuilding process and second of all everyone was ice cold.  Relax
trustdestruction::PhilMNAP - And the Wolves weren't ice cold? Both teams played terrible to be fair.  Well, he did literally say "everyone".
PhilMNAP::And the Wolves weren't ice cold? Both teams played terrible to be fair.
Twinsbaseball8791::hooooooooooooooooooooooooooooowl. easy win, more to come...
RandomHero0001::Magic smh...those fools suck, man. Haha
Finnegan5033::Great D and balanced scoring = wins. This is what they need to do until Love and Ricky are back. I know its early but I can just see Ricky piling dimes when he returns. We finally have other people who can score.
MikeRowe1525::Minnesota playing good ball without Kevin Love. Maybe Love ball hogging was the problem.
eototalt::Actually their problem was half the team getting injured. And last years roster was bad to begin with.
manningbro17::This is the most ridiculous thing I have ever seen.
Finnegan5033::Ball hogging was not this teams problem. Love scored so much because he had to. This is the most supporting cast he has ever had, he will still score a lot but not like he had to before.
Preston6073::Um...no
avajamesyn::Clippers boards are the 2nd best to troll! Haha klove&gt;Blake
Preston6073::Thats true though
rcthrillers1969::I have been following this betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a couple month. I've made around $2000 a month average not knowing much about betting. You can find this system on google if you search Sports Betting System. .
rcthrillers1969::I started following this online bet system called Sportsbettingstar a couple months ago. I have made about $3,000 a month average so far.  I was looking for a handicapper one night and just google searched the words  Sports Betting System, it was there on the first page. Didnt seem legit at first but ended up being awesome.
Hans0184::Just another idiot who likes his own comments!
cha cha chia1234::Fluke games by Minnesota. They will fade eventually
dustay2121::Around the time they get their All-Star PF and PG back?
eototalt::Stop clouding his moronic statement with intelligent questions! lol
Sterling8673::Jacque Vaughn is a future Hall of Fame coach.
Hans0184::And the Pistons are gonna win the Championship!!!  Says Noone!
Hans0184::STEELERS DEFENSE!  Vikings were never supposed to even win 5 games $@%!$@% they were over performing...So are the wolves..However, we are over performing without our two best players, also with love and rubio out only 2 players on our team were here last year and they already look spectacular! Wolves will maybe be a 4 seed if not for sure a 5 seed this year! You're just mad cuz your steelers defense lost to the TITANS!! LOL!!!
dustay2121::Williams Pek Ridnour Barea Lee
bonas2013::ANDREW NICHOLSON
smittybrv11::n
HatersH8::Could someone explain why glen davis got so few min? I missed the game.
trustdestruction::The Magic were losing big since the start, and it was the second night of a back to back.  The coach used the opportunity to give the younger players extended playing time and to ease back minutes on starters to prevent more of them from getting injured.
JJATLJJ48::He's Glen Davis man... he's not good. He looks so out of place all over the court almost all the time.
minny snowta::cause he is fat and tired and got worked by Pek-the big bad killer !
MinniVaninni::Good win by the Wolves!
jank6708::All alone in first place in the Northwest: Your Minnesota Timberwolves!
cburke05::78 to go....
lurpinator::4 games in.. 77 to go
uw2100::Time for the nightly plug for Stiemsma  -  good numbers again
Loyal Sports Fan::Even though the Magic lost, the Lakers are 1-4...that's gotta make most Magic fans happy, I know it makes me happy. :)
Dinameetay16::Wolves 2nd in the league in blocked shots. Never thought I would be alive to hear that from this team lol
uw2100::stiemsma has 4, 4, 2 in three games on blocked shots - good numbers and defense
Trexxus::I know, the defense has been great and will be better with Rubio back, opposing team scored 7 less ppg with Rubio playing.
Dinameetay16::Also, Derrick played an amazing game. Kind of has me worried that he will fade off into nothing when we play Indiana
Trexxus::Wait, do you guys hear that? He's crying.
Rauzi42::Thats him? Sounds like a girl after a fight over who has the best fingernails, or some crap like thay
Qazny::i think he got banned, an accout short lived
Trexxus::I think he went to bed, his mom yelled at him, it's past his bedtime.
xBudRadx::Haven't seen any Min games yet, how is Roy doing so far this season?
arenal11::Once rubio gets back and everyone has to plug the paint for the cutters Roy will get wide open looks and eventually will knock them down at a very good clip.  it'll be pick your poision, and the opposing team will give up 10ft jumpers which AK, Roy, Shved, etc will knock down.
xBudRadx::You guys will be deadly when he gets it all back, including the return of love and rubio.  I can't wait to see that
Dinameetay16::we will just be happy WHEN they come back. We have a good idea on Kevin, but Ricky is anywhere in between December and January
Rauzi42::Me too. Recovery takes time. Lets just hope he returns to form soon
xBudRadx::Thanks! I hope he can turn his scoring around, i'd love to see him play well again.
Dinameetay16::It will come, some of his three pointers are just bouncing off the rim, and they keep getting closer and closer. He will find it soon
Dinameetay16::Shooting is on it's way, but he is still contributing, which I think everyone likes to see
Rauzi42::Roy has been ok. Not many points, but some good assists. Looks like he hirts a little bit.
Dinameetay16::Its just some soreness in his knee, which is typical of surgery like that
Qazny::he's been feeding the ball, hasnt found his shooting groove yet
Trexxus::Not shooting to well yet, but distributing the ball and racking up assists.
Percy is Starvin::Minnesota is the worst sports state Victor Cruz &gt; Percy. GIANTS SB CHAMPS ----- That is like saying d i c k is better than p u s s y.....     To each their own, I guess.
Loyal Sports Fan::Huh? I don't get it, are you saying Percy is a p u s s y? lol
JJATLJJ48::Loyal Sports Fan - duh...I meant before in his op  He did you moron.
Loyal Sports Fan::duh...I meant before in his op
Qazny::he did, you cant read
Loyal Sports Fan::Oh, i see, might want to explain that next time, lol
Percy is Starvin::No.  I am saying people who prefer Cruz also prefer d i c k.  People who prefer Percy also prefer p u s s y.
Rauzi42::Yeah, dude must like men. Percy is da bomb
Percy is Starvin::Alright some people actually have jobs and contribute to the American economy.  I hope to see you next time brotha.  It's been real.  Please come with some new material though.
Rauzi42::No question about it, he sucks at arguing
Rauzi42::Dude is obviously trollin. Otherwise, he is one of the most pathetic sports fans ever.
Loyal Sports Fan::Yeah, I agree.
Trexxus::Even as a troll he's getting owned, truly pathetic.
Loyal Sports Fan::Come back when the New York Giants don't win a title and then you change your team to whoever the superbowl champion is for 2012.
Minnesota is the worst sports state::Please come back when the Vikings are 5-5
Ostro999::please come back wen u stopped being a f.@.g.g.o.t
Trexxus::You must be like 2 inches tall by now after getting cut down so much.
Trexxus::They will be 6-4, so tell me how does it fell to get owned every time you spew forth crap onto the internet?
nicoipa333::did glen davis get hurt?
Loyal Sports Fan::God I hope not. Magic have had enough injuries already. When is jameer coming back?
Minnesota is the worst sports state::Victor Cruz &gt; Percy.  GIANTS SB CHAMPS
cburke05::cruz also has an elite qb, percy does better with a second year in there
Percy is Starvin::No he isn't.
dlhouse18::Good night everyone. Bet you'll be a Wolves fan next year <u>Minnesota is the worst sports state</u> when we are NBA champions.
maypandasuniteasone::Ostro999--  Lil over the top homie... Its just a troll, probably feeding off your guys reactions like that.
Minnesota is the worst sports state::I would bet my life you dont win a title
Ostro999::ur life is worthless f.@.g.g.o.t.
Trexxus::Your life can't be bet, we don't have .5 cents in our monetary system.
dlhouse18::I would bet your life regardless.
Minnesota is the worst sports state::NBA CHAMPION MIAMI HEAT
trustdestruction::A Heat fan creates a user name to troll on what little amount of Minnesota fans there are.  What's next, picking on Bobcats fans?  Are you that desperate for attention?
Trexxus::You're a member since November 2012, LMAO, jumps on the bandwagon of these teams AFTER they already win, what a total loser. I sincerely feel sorry for you, truly.
Ostro999::Minnesota is the worst sports state - I feel sorry you root for Min sports  i feel sorry that ur a little b.1.t.c.h but u dont see me complaining.
Minnesota is the worst sports state::I feel sorry you root for Min sports
Percy is Starvin::No they aren't
Rauzi42::For now
Qazny::everyone should just ignore the little fruit
Minnesota is the worst sports state::Heat own the Wolves
Ostro999::good one f.@.g.g.o.t
sotapopinski::nah Glen Taylor does
Percy is Starvin::No they don't
Percy is Starvin::Minnesota is the worst sports state no he isnt ---- What a garbage troll.  Don't even have originality.
Minnesota is the worst sports state::Felt great when my Giants won the Superbowl
Rauzi42::Dont listen to him. I doubt he has watched a vikings football game in a few years
Minnesota is the worst sports state::no he isnt.  Homer
Minnesota is the worst sports state::not even close
PhilMNAP::It is close because he is in the top 10 WR category.
Minnesota is the worst sports state::no he isnt
Loyal Sports Fan::wow, this conversation is getting dumb, lol
PhilMNAP::Yes he is.
Percy is Starvin::No you didn't
Percy is Starvin::Yes he is.
PhilMNAP::It's safe to say, nothing he says is true.
Minnesota is the worst sports state::Percy Harvin is not a top 10 WR
Loyal Sports Fan::lol
Percy is Starvin::Minnesota is the worst sports state ------ Dude how hard are the Wolves giving it to you right now?
Trexxus::He trolls because he is scared and intimidated by the Wolves. His tears are salt on my potato chips. O.O
Minnesota is the worst sports state::I am not bothered by a team who is not a factor
dlhouse18::Then you have no reason to bring your homerisms here.
Percy is Starvin::Your moaning and screeching says otherwise.
Minnesota is the worst sports state::Minnesota produces scum.  That is why Sporting News ranked them 49th out of 50 in State talent
Chad84804::He must be a Packer fan guys.
Chad84804::ya, thats why 1/3 rd of the NHL is from Minnesota
Loyal Sports Fan::lol, are you gonna post that same thing for everything he says now
Percy is Starvin::Yeah probably.
Percy is Starvin::No they didn't.
Minnesota is the worst sports state::My teams have won 5 titles in the last year
Rauzi42::*cough* bandwagon fan *cough*
Chad84804::what in video gaming? Madden 2012 doesn't count man. GET A JOB
Trexxus::Lol, you're not even a good troll.
Percy is Starvin::No they didn't
Minnesota is the worst sports state::My username is approved in 9 counties
Percy is Starvin::No it's not.
Minnesota is the worst sports state::Heat &gt; Wolves
Chad84804::HEAT is old
Bhens87::No such thing as a Miami Heat fan.
dlhouse18::Props^
Loyal Sports Fan::Hey now, I live in Florida and I'm young and care for the NBA. I'm not a Heat fan though, lol.
dlhouse18::Unless you live in Florida. But even then, you're likely old, retired, and don't care for the NBA.
Percy is Starvin::No they aren't.
Percy is Starvin::Minnesota is the worst sports state ---- You're lucky Obama won last night...  You have 4 more years until you have to find a job and the real world eats you up.
Loyal Sports Fan::lol&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;LMAO&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;hahahahahaha
Chad84804::LMFAO&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;hahahahahahahaa
Minnesota is the worst sports state::I work at an investment firm so jokes on you
Ostro999::ur joking about working at an investment firm? Good One!
Trexxus::It's easy to lie on the internet.
Percy is Starvin::No you don't.
Chad84804::JJ hurt again?????? Can this guy ever stay healthy.   We can't afford him to lose time
Bhens87::No one is going to claim the Wolves have beaten anybody yet.  Still they are 3-1 without arguably the two best  players.  You will also play more bad teams than you play great teams during the season.  Take care of business against the bad teams split with the great teams and you will go to the playoffs.
trustdestruction::If Rose is so great then why is he always getting himself injured?  He recklessly drives the lane right into players way bigger than him and pays the price for it.
Minnesota is the worst sports state::Rose is the best, then CP3
Chad84804::ummmmm????, but Minnesota has there best two players OUT!! Thnk before you POST, fool
Minnesota is the worst sports state::Rose is the best PG in the NBA.  By far.  I hate him and I can admit that
PhilMNAP::Rose is not the best. CP3 is way better. Rose is a 2 guard playing PG.
Bhens87::well the bulls aren't a title contender without rose but still a good team.  Wolves are just trying to get to the playoffs and maybe win a series.  That's about it.
dlhouse18::Wolves are 3-1 without the best PF in the NBA.
Minnesota is the worst sports state::Bulls are 3-1 without the best PG in the NBA. Nobody is talking about them, therefore the wolves deserve no attention
dlhouse18::Between Rose and CP3 it's close. Head to head Rose owns Chris Paul.
PhilMNAP::Rose is not the best PG in the NBA lol.
FIXisIN2012::So how bad did teams have to play for Orlando to get 2 wins ?  They looked absolutely horrible tonight.
Loyal Sports Fan::2-0 at home, 0-2 on the road. Young team, they probably need the home crowd to help fuel them.
trustdestruction::In addition to what Loyal Sports Fan said, keep in mind it was the 2nd game of a back to back, and they just played the Bulls in a back and forth game, only losing by 6.  Two starters are injured, most of the players are new to the team let alone pretty new to the NBA, and the coach is also new.  This team is young and has a lot of growing to do.
FIXisIN2012::Oh ok.  I don't know the league well at all and just wondered what was up with them.
md7152::Nice to See Ridnour so aggressive tonight from the tip off.
okamixt::9 assists means he contributed to at least 18 scored points...he's doing fine, his shot will come back.
FIXisIN2012::So he had 9 assists tonight.  He shot 16% or so and is shooting 29% on the year I think.  Yeah he is there to dish the ball off and set people up but I expected him to contribute more offensively when Love and Rubio are out.
Lamar Kardashian59::His back must be feeling better.
md7152::Dished it out nicely tonight. Played more under control IMO.
FIXisIN2012::It would be nicer to see Brandon Roy actually look like a decent NBA player.  My gosh he has been horrible !
PhilMNAP::9 assists
Minnesota is the worst sports state::My teams are better than your teams, therefore I can be nasty and make fun of everyone
Ostro999::problem is ur only making fun of yourself dummy.
Trexxus::You're not a REAL FAN of any team, you're just a bandwagoner who cheers for anyone doing well at the time. Well guess what you can't be a fan of the Wolves when you wake up, our wagon is and has been full. Sucks to be you.
Lamar Kardashian59::Or, he's a troll just looking for you to react like you are.  Stop feeding him.
Bhens87::but you see nobody is a heat fan, alabama fan, kings fan, san fran giants, and new york giants.  That I know.
Bhens87::except that you aren't actually a fan of them.
Minnesota is the worst sports state::I love my teams
Minnesota is the worst sports state::My Team is better than your team
Bhens87::Walmart must love you being the t-shirt fan that you are.
PocketProtectorGuy::Do you even know where Alabama is?
Percy is Starvin::Your teams are all past champions.....  Great Britain was once the world power.  Now look at them.
Loyal Sports Fan::Ha, that's because you're a bandwagon fan.
FIXisIN2012::Lou Amundson .......  my eyes started to bleed watching him play the last part of that game :Z  My son and I were calling him all sorts of names.  How does this guy have a job in the NBA ?
Lamar Kardashian59::That was classy of you.
thegearyan::David Kahn is going to win executive of the year.  The Mayans were right
PocketProtectorGuy::Dec 12 is it?
eototalt::21st
Percy is Starvin::Minnesota is the worst sports state ------ Cool name, brotha.   Too bad there is all of those pro athletes who are from Minnesota....
Minnesota is the worst sports state::percy is an idiot
Trexxus::Pretty sure you're at the top of that list.
eototalt::so are you
Bhens87::Not to mention he claims to be a fan of the heat, bama, giants LA Kings, and San Fran Giants.  I think this means that is opinion is worthless and he is just another hater.
eototalt::Ohio begs to differ.
Minnesota is the worst sports state::When was your last Title?  Early 90s? AHHA
Percy is Starvin::Oh you mean pro sports teams that have nothing to do with the talent level of the actual state.... Ok.  I gotcha now.
eototalt::We win National Championships in Hockey all the time.
