Mehdi Sianaki::Both teams get zero respect from the National Media. As fans we have both watched as ESPN and TNT guys have mocked our schedules. Truth is you play the team that comes next.If it was Miami or LA they would be getting all the hype in the world no matter who they played. The Blazers nor Pacers control who they play, so make the best of it. Great game, thrilling finish. Lillard was huge when he was needed most and Paul George gave all the Blazer fans a mini heart attack with his phenomenal shooting and play. He is just a superior player. Other people in here who are bashing on him clearly don't understand that in this league some players need time to develop and when they do, they end up like Paul George via a straight up killer.  Fun game to watch. Happy my Blazers won. GO Blazers! Looking forward to facing the Pacers again later on this season.
Quinten Houston::As a Pacers fan, I not only support this comment, I absolutely love it. Blazers are a great team, can't wait to meet you guys in Indy later on this season. I think I'll buy tickets just because of how great this game was.
Quinten Houston::(P.S. Damian Lillard is the future pg of this league!)
Mehdi Sianaki::Quinten Houston I forgot to add that because we are small market teams we get zero props for our wins. I bet if Miami had our schedule and had a start like our respectable teams that the national media would go crazy with all the Lebron talk and how is doing it all. SMH.
Alexander Banks::That was a heck of a game, Blazers!   You guys have a legit young squad.   I have no complaints; the better team tonight won.   Those boys were insanely efficient and clutch in the 4th.   If my boys have to take an "L", I'd rather it be to a quality team on their court.  Fans are pretty classy, too.   - Lifelong Pacers fan
Ian Ferguson::Pure class Alexander. I love the Pacers too and have a huge mancrush on King George III, he's a freaking beast! That said, loved to see my Blazers beat the best defense in the game!
Marvin Davis::Pacers will not win anything.
Alexander Banks::Ian, it was an awesome game. The Blazers are REEEEEEEALY good. No shame in taking an "L" to them.
Kyle Cox::I'm a Pacer fan and disagreed with a lot of calls tonight (as any fan does in any game)....but really annoyed with all the negative comments back & forth between Pacer and Blazer fans.. "Aldridge got away with everything" ... "Pacers foul on D all game"....stop it.....let's have some respect, two great teams and a great game...Blazers won and that's all that matters, they'll meet again and I can't wait for that game
Don Layton::I agree with that. I admire Indy. They built a program the way it should be built and their players are top notch. I hate to see the blame game. Indy gets Portland at Indy next. It should be a great game.
Benny Thai Tran::Kyle, it was +16 for the blazers on free throws, and I didn't like Aldridge kicking Hibbert in gut 2 times in a row.  It was a great game though.
Ryan Westberg::I agree Kyle!  Those were incidental hits to the groin dude, Hibbert runs at Aldridge while he is taking a jump shot.
Tyjuan McCants::Blazers-101 Pacers-98
Ray Waterman::Pacers 109 Blazers 98
Mehdi Sianaki::We keep hearing about LaMarcus nut tapping Hibbert. Here is a fact for you, LaMarcus is not a dirty player and it was unintentional. The lack of calls the Blazers got when guys like Paul George were pushing Dorrell Wright to the floor or When Scola and West got away with the elbows they threw goes to show you that the officials were not favoring us.   Great game by the Blazers, hopefully the national media will finally stop handicapping our wins and acknowledge the Blazers as a legit team, and not a bottom feeder team like Milwaukee. I mean really, you play the schedule that is given to you and make the best of it, and the Blazers have done that and then some
Derek Adour::Ironically, the Pacers have had a cupcake schedule as well. But everybody seems to ignore that.
Ben Rinaldi::I don't think anyone thinks it was intentional,. just that it should have been called a foul.  Blazers are a great team and I like a lot of the guys they have right now.  Alrdige and Lillard are fun to watch and I wish them the best of luck going forward.
Mehdi Sianaki::Good point guys. That is true. I guess the best explanation is that when your playing in a tight game on the road and the home team is making a run more often then not the ref will bail out the home team. With that said, the Pacers are a fine team and deserve more credit as well. We can all agree that if this was a big market team like the Lakers or Heat the media would not think twice about crediting them. But because we are in small markets we don't receive the respect we deserve.
Jacob Sharar::Blazers fans were mega classy tonight, too bad every team can't be that way, i think Portland fans were humbled by their bad luck just like Indy fans were humbled by the malice, see you in indy for what im sure will be just as good of a game.
Adam Youman::ummm pacers fans havent been humble at all this year
Mark Randy Myers::Adam Youman like how many do you know personally.. good game you have a real good team. It was only one game doesn't make either team better than the other if that was the Case Phoenix would be better than you.
Adam Youman::Mark Randy Myers im not a blazers fan. bulls fan. and personally i think the pacers are better still (tho it pains me to admit it). simply because of their defense (tho it clearly didnt show tonight). i think the only reason the pacers will lose this season is if the other team breaks down their defense. just like the bulls did and now the blazers
Drew Derengowski::its always sucks to lose...but it eases the pain going to sleep at night knowing you have the best defense in the NBA and PAUL GEORGE. He has arrived.
Ja Brown::I am a Blazer fan and I say George is awesome!!!!  Totally unselfish.  Low ego.  If I were starting a franchise, I would go with him!
Dereck Johnson::First of all Portland u have a great team with two of the best young players in the game. Your gonna have a hell of a season. However the refs called way 2many touch fouls in this one and when one team shoots that many more free throws than the other u have 2wonder but u one this game on clutch shooting. Speaking of that Paul George is a beast and he is going to make it easier for me to fall asleep 2nite after almost pulling a Reggie Miller. I'm so glad he's on my team and hopefully after this he becomes a lil more selfish. He should always take 15-18 shots. I don't know what happened to Lance 2nite. We hadn't seen the bad Lance for an entire game all season like we did 2nite
Ja Brown::Dereck Johnson , I was thinking that the Pacers got quite a few gifts too.  I think the calls are influenced by the home crowd more than the NBA cares to admit.
Andrew John Feeback::Someone needs to tell these officials they don't need to blow their whistles every time the Blazers miss a shot.
Fabian Garza::The same can be said for the Pacers
Zee N Jason Farmer::Fabian Garza really 33-17 ft differential
Adam Pilarski::Someone needs to tell the Pacers that you're allowed to play defense without fouling the other team
Joe Betz::Good game, but one the Pacers should have won and almost did win despite a huge free throw disparity.
Adam Pilarski::Actually the Blazers should have won...and they did...
James Moehring::Adam Pilarski, No one liked your comment. You didn't even like your comment.
Adam Pilarski::James Moehring Someone liked it and I'm not so stupid to like my own...sorry you lose the game and this argument..
Devin Baranick::I LOVE YOU BLAZERS!!!!!!! I'm so glad I bet on you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Devin Baranick::I will buy a beer with the money I won, and drink it for you Blazers!!! lol :D
Alan Ogg::It's kind of depressing to hear people talk crap on the Heat almost 3 years after signing the Big 3. I could have swore that Up until about week 2 everyone was all about "BULLS#111111111111111111!" then since they went down hill all the bandwagon fans have hopped on the Pacer bandwagon . lol.
Zack Schooler::........... You really don't have much of a life do you?
Alan Ogg::Zack Schooler says the guy responding to me.
Andrew Heitz::Alan Ogg make like Lebron and flop on out of here.
Eric Witt::Big measuring stick for Portland! Can they score on a strong defensive team like Indiana? This game should give us a good idea of how we can temper our expectations as Blazers fans. Possibly the best team in the NBA paying a visit to Moda...
Adam Pilarski::Looks like they can. End of story.
Glendell Watson::good Portland win. but we both know Indiana is far from the best team in the nba. I can name five or six teams better in the western conference alone
Adam Pilarski::Glendell Watson You can't name 5 or 6 better than Portland
Tyler Moss::Both Humble Respectable Franchises.
Igor Yank::"We're the best defense in the world." - Frank Vogel
Jeremy Pastrick::Breaking Records!! That good!!! Eastside Indy!!!! Go Pacers. Paul will do it tonight!
Cory Nope::Thats funny coming from a coach that took his best rim protector off the court-  handing LeBron game six of last years conference finals.
Marcleen Bavogui::Cory Nope game 1
Khristopher Carlson::tip o the hat to George. Amazing
Jonah Swidan::Now this is a matchup Ive been waiting to see for a while now!!  Two great starting 5 teams!!  Go Pacers!!!
Tyler Moss::I'm excited too. Go Blazers!!!
Ray Waterman::Sad it didn't go our way but man that was a tough game. Good game Blazers.
Kyle Cox::Aghh, tough loss for my Pacers....Paul George is magnificent though... glad we have him. Though they got away with some questionable calls (Aldridge hitting Roy in the groin), that's a really good Portland team... and not just cause they beat Indiana (as in, they're now "for real" cause they beat the best team in the league)... Blazers were already for real
Alex Meisner::They haven't beaten the heat yet...I'm confused
Kyle Cox::Alex Meisner what?
Paul Miller::Kyle Cox  he's implying that Miami , not Indiana, is the best team in the league
Joe Sargeant::I feel extremely confident that a good team will win and a good team will lose tonight...that is my expert prediction. Though saying that, if Hibbert stays out of foul trouble and Good Lance shows up the Pacers will take it...
Marvin Davis::Joe, I guess you were wrong!
John Martin::Welcome to the NBA Pacers. That is to say the Western Conference.
Zack Schooler::We won in LA yesterday. But I guess that doesn't count
Joe Betz::Just beat the Clippers last night.  Back-to-back games away are tough to pull out.  Good luck getting the same production from Mo WIlliams all year...Pacers can't wait to get Granger back.
Chris Nealis::Gotta love the temporary memory loss of these Western Conference fans. All we heard for weeks was "It's just the beginning of the season" and now it's suddenly all over. Well good. I hope the media goes back to ignoring us. Our guys seems to respond by getting angry and playing even better to prove their point.
Zack Schooler::I know only one guarantee for this game thread/board. Alan Ogg will show up to troll, and be full of so many double standards.
Jonah Swidan::That dude is one sad troll.  Very sad, I ALMOST feel bad for him.
Al Sotowitz::Ogg  Angers Pacers fans because he speaks from atop a HUGE soapbox right now. Until someone knocks the Heat off of their pedestal (Almost doesn't count, no matter how badly you want it to) he will continue to get under your skin. The truth is the truth, no matter how painful it may be.
Alan Ogg::Pacer's fans are trash.
James Moehring::Good. Game. Hibbert: The Human Punching Bag.  How many times does he have to get kneed in the nuts and then get a foul called on him? Seriously.  PG24 with 43 points.  Unreal.  Pacers looked tired and just couldn't hit their shots at the end of third quarter, Portland (at home) did, and that is what sealed the game.
Don Layton::Romondo Thomas Give me a break. He hacked Aldridge every time Aldridge shot. You guys are blinded by your loyalty.
Don Layton::For that matter, what about Indy throwing Matthews to the floor - and no call? What about the Lillard drive, made shot and it should have been a +1. No call. You can pick and choose 'em all night long.
Don Layton::Romondo Thomas Whatever. You should apply for the position of NBA official. You're clearly waaaaaaay more qualified than they are - or anyone else here for that matter. Open YOUR eyes. Son.
Mitch Robinson::A great game between two very good, dare I say great teams. Nothing more, nothing less. Good game Portland, would love to play you in June. Stern will be gone then...
Chris Davis::Totally agree, Mitch.
Mitch Robinson::Chris Davis OMG The guy who scored for Auburn commented on my post! Woohoo!
Kevin Walker::i love how "heat fans" come onto a pacer v. blazers comment board and complain that nobody is talking about the heat... thats rich
Glendell Watson::Mr. Walker heat fans are scared of the blazers an pacers they know their era isover even if we have to rip it outta LBJ's dead fingers lol
Jorge Bouza::Glendell Watson Yawn.
Glendell Watson::Jorge Bouza um why u hear then buddy? why waste your time writing yawn on here like these two teams are not worthy of your star studded beloved heat to take notice of? your arrogance is pathetic and the heats arrogance is exactly whats gonna lose them a three peat shot hell they may not even make the nba finals as much as i'd love to see the blazers kick the sh%# outta the heat in the finals I think the pacers got a 50/50 shot at beating the heat especially if indy gets the number one spot. go polish yr trophys while you can cuz yr reign is over these two teams are younger MORE ALL AROUND TALENT actually play defense and carry a chip on their shoulder due to lack of respect... time will show u
Aaron Presnal::Pacers are still the better team, just got a little fatigued at the end from being on the road plus Stephenson had a horrible game
Michael Winter::Yeah the Blazers were on the road too. Nice try
Evan Michaelis::exactly what i was looking for out of PG.. stepped up  and almost got the win.. im sure he will get his chance again
Marcleen Bavogui::why are they pacers still the better team? give credit where credit is due. a little fatigued they got in portland hours before the blazers so tell me again who should use that excuse.. ?
Jonathan Spooner::Big take away tonight, one legit team losing to another, and "diehard Heat fans" are the biggest myth in sports
