LeoPat11::Will the Bulls keep Rip over the summer along with Boozer and btw Boozer has been playing great lately stepping up when Rose is out.
sumbrownkid::Yep.  Rip only has a two year contract.  I can see some of the bench mob going to other places and replace them with either a small trade, draft, or free agency.
finner1798::Randall Flagg312 and MEEENMACHINE  U have no lives!!! Arguing over ESPN for over an hour.... get a life
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Like you have a life watching them for an hour?
Gex.2::bulls just took the #1 spot in hollinger's playoff odds, it gives us a 53.7% chance of beating miami in the ECF  not that it means anything... :)
ronbo 236::It means look out Heat!!
Dancing_Chalupa::It meant something to you or you'd not have bothered posting it.
DRoseIsSexy::53.7&gt; 0%
Timmys Crossover136::100.00-53.7=46.3 DRoseIsSexy=stupid bulls fan
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::nope it doesn't
LeoPat11::COY goes to Thibs no doubt. He has made the best record in the league without Rip almost every game and Rose gone alot now.
Dancing_Chalupa::Yeah!! Rip would have been averaging at least 38.7 a game!  If he had not been injured, Air Rip would have been the most dominant player of the decade! Rip would be dunking from half court!  Why hell, if Rip were playing, it's guaranteed an undefeated season!!!!
Rick-Da-Villain::Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
LeoPat11::Who will get the MVP? I don't think Rose has played great enough to earn it.
LeoPat11::Yeah. Him or Lebron but I would rather have Durant over Lebron.
Alejandra7788::Durant??
RyanCarranza::Thibs&gt; Any coach in the NBA Rose&gt;Any point guard in the NBA Bulls&gt; Any team in the NBA
DRoseIsSexy::Have to agree. Thibs is by far the best pick.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Derrick Rose is effeminate.
Danny74068::DRoseisSexy you are a girl? better said.. Female?
DRoseIsSexy::haha xD rick
Rick-Da-Villain::Good for you..
DRoseIsSexy::Yep. O.o I wonder if any guys would go by the name DRoseIsSexy.
DRoseIsSexy::haha I get that alot :D
Danny74068::Cool, I wasn't sure.  :)
Rick-Da-Villain::A f@g would...just saying
PidhiZi::aise5668,   stop private msging me asking if ima female and to facebook you!!!!!!!!!
DRoseIsSexy::Will you facebook me :(?
Bluhntman::LOL
YoungQuin88::Roflmfao!
DRoseIsSexy::I really can't wait to see Bulls vs Knicks.
sumbrownkid::Im expecting Chicago to go all out on new York.  Show them what real defense looks like.
53Kevin::You dat anxious to see the Bulls smoke the Knicks sexy?
DRoseIsSexy::But I agree :p prob same outcome. Bulls &gt; Knicks
ronbo 236::Yes it should be an entertaining game :)
DRoseIsSexy::Yes?
Bluhntman::Droseissexy
DRoseIsSexy::New coach new energy. Worth watching :p
ronbo 236::The Knicks played really good both times they played the Bulls and they still beat them, what thinks it's gonna be any different this time!!
Mr.october187::Did it make a difference that Miami signed Ronny Turiaf?
Rossi46Doctor::Just another clearance rack purchase by the Heat.  The Big 2.5 isn't working out with their max contracts, so Riley is taking all the cast-offs in trade.
YoungQuin88::Hell naw. I remember last year wit the knicks he was so useless out there I think they pulled him out and switched amare to the 5. Dude was lookin straight up soft.
sportsplex23::God told Derrick to rise...so Derrick Rose.
DRoseIsSexy::Funy how everyone has to comment on the SAT thing. Do you honestly think he's the only one that did stuff like that? Get over it. I wonder if it makes people mad he didn't take the SATs and is making more money than all of us.
Objective-hater::I grew up on the mean streets of Chicago but nothing scared me more than taking the S.A.T. that's why i had a proxy...  signed, Derrick
sumbrownkid::It's been over with for four years, just let it go.
lovesports3409::You can't be serious. He has enough money now to buy the southside. Who cares about HS/College etc...
DRoseIsSexy::He's my role model. And he's many people's role model. Quit trying to get people to hate him. And stop yelling at people who defend him few are going to side with you so quit acting immature. K thanks.
longgrassgrows::doesn't mean he is a good one tho...just saying
ttecza::Rose never took the SAT, dummy. He took the ACTs in Chicago. A SAT transcript was sent from Michigan without his knowledge. It was proven Rose was in Chicago the day the SAT was dated.  A scandal? Yes. Get your facts before you post this shit.
53Kevin::If you call Lebron a role model then you stop riding his jock!
53Kevin::Heat Trolls don't kno wat the word facts mean.
ttecza::If you knew anything about the scandal, I would be OK with it. But spitting out useless non sense like you did, makes YOU look dumb.
Objective-hater::Dude, stop crying.  He's a cheater, face it.  You might win a title with him, but he's no one's role model so stop riding his jock.
Danny74068::I learned to play Defense from Thibs  Goal of today, get rid of AISE5668
53Kevin::DROSE CLIPPING HIS TOE NAILS&gt;AISE5668
53Kevin::Mili vinilli's voices&gt;aise5668(and we all knew they were fake singing)
53Kevin::Me taken caster oil&gt;aise5668 (and i can't stand the smell of that stuff)
53Kevin::A dogs poop&gt;aise5668
sjr1893::Aise5668 is feeling Thibsy
johnjon720::Im starting to get the feeling, that this is the Bulls year.
Gex.2::aise trying to show off his newly learned probability 101 terms.  nice try freshman
bisch55::None of it had anything to do with basketball either, what a dumb shi.t
rtrevino27::Finally the bulls get some quality rest , hopefully everyone is healthy for a historic playoff run .
bisch55::How bout them Bears baby! Emery making moves
rtrevino27::the offense should be ranked in the top ten if u ask me .
Gex.2::i gotta say, of all the chicago teams (except for the hawks the year of the championship), the bears is the team that regularly makes the biggest moves/trades in free agency.
RunTheBall22::great move, the guy does not fumble very much and can catch the ball, fits in great. could be the best RB combo in the league
Danny74068::The good news for Bulls fans against AISE is that this years MVP Award won't to Rose and I"m cool with that. Next season he'll be Bashing on the new MVP winner.
lovesports3409::Aise5668. will jump into the ocean when the Bulls win the championship, that's what he's afraid of. That D. Rose's Bulls win a chip before his beloved LBJ.
Danny74068::He likes Durant.  Probably mad as hell KD didn't get that award last year.
Danny74068::Oh.. I don't have a problem with that, he or even LBJ have a good case for it.
lovesports3409::I think KD has a strong case for this year. Least I'm honest.
RunTheBall22::Barkley should have won the 89-90 MVP but you don't hear me still crying about it. man up aise5668
RyanCarranza::aise5668... Respond to me.  All you do is bash Derrick Rose.  It's seriously pathetic.  You have no life
bisch55::I've never heard the guy talk about anthing else. I hate Lebron but I don't go on Heat boards talking about how much he sucks. I just don't understand going on to other teams boards. I'm a bulls fan, I like talking about the Bulls, some people just really have 0 lives
Danny74068::Then you don't return the favor.. you be the better man.  i may not like the Heat, but I still went there the other day and congratulated them on their 14th straight home win.
hapatino::I like the Heat and on the HEAT boards you cant have a conversation about them. It's all about the LeBron bashing. This is childs play compared to what people post about LeBron.
RunTheBall22::you know what my problem is? I'm just to good---JL3
SkipBayless1919::Everyone has jumped on the Bears board
Playing2wintheGame::aise5668 Doesn't think D Rose should be in the NBA. The minds of some people.
RunTheBall22::never seen anyone one so bent out of shape over an MVP, and not even this years MVP. this guy has problems.  he's using this year to try to take away from what Rose did last year, what a moron
Danny74068::AISE5668... Stop being a Moron and listen.  The reason why Rose won MVP last year is because he carried his team to the best NBA record and took them to the ECF.  NO one on that team could provide much, and it was up to Rose to do almost everything.  Every team playing against the Bulls only cared to stop Rose, they stop Rose they  stopped the whole TEAM.  So, last year it was Rose that did all the hard dirty work making him deserve that MVP.  This years Bulls are a complete DIFFERENT TEAM.  NO longer do they have to rely on Rose alone.  You cannot, cannot compare this years Bulls to last years Bulls.  This years Bulls are a better team by a mile than last years.  This year if you stop Rose or even if Rose is sitting.. other teams still have a big task ahead of them.  Stop the hating. and love the game.
aise5668::And the argument that this is 'a different team than last year' is so flawed but you are too stupid to understand.  Season to season, the events aren't random, orthogonal,  uncorrelated events.  They can be modeled as a covariance matrix where time is the distance.  And the performance will be some randomness plus actual signal.  You will find that your argument is completely wrong.
Gex.2::aise is probably taking probability 101 in college and thought he'd try using some of the words he learned last week to sound smart
Danny74068::If this was the same team as last year.. We'd be on a 14 game losing streak.  But no matter how much sense we try to throw at you, you will still hate and keep your ignorant narrow minded thinking going.   I just feel good I was able to put out there how it is.. why he was the MVP last year.
bisch55::You just can't talk to this guy Aise, you call him a moron and he just sits there grinning moronilly
Gex.2::Using math terms to attempt to quantify concepts of "improving as a player" or "meshing better as a team" is so inherently flawed it's ridiculous.  You can't model Ronnie Brewer and Taj Gibson playing with more confidence, or the Bulls becoming better at making the extra pass, or Rose better recognizing the defense and adapting accordingly.    If you could, you'd find that this year's team is FAR better, and what limited stats there currently are to demonstrate it, do exactly that.  You may as well try to prove using a "covariance matrix" that I have become a better PAINTER than last year.
aise5668::It's a fact.
SkipBayless1919::Stop using big words to make yourself sound smart cause your attending community college
btpkk::mvp award is already decided before the playoffs
bisch55::Best Post of the day
CyBuck1::Game Over.  Everyone can go home now.  Great post Danny.
sjr1893::nicely said, ok now im ready for the playoffs
Gex.2::Plus Boozer and Noah missing half of last season.  And putting up 25pts, 8ast.
Rossi46Doctor::So their winning % is worse without D Rose.  Just checking.  Thanx.
Gex.2::That's what he meant to a far WORSE team than the heat, the previous year.  Utterly irrelevant, unless you want to start awarding 2013's MVP during the 2011-2012 season.
aise5668::Statistically, he was the 8th best player and Lebron and Howard (1 and 2 respectively) carried more weight on hteir own respective teams.  You can see what a preciptious fall the Cavs had when Lebron left.  That's what he means to a team.
Gex.2::But the Heat didn't have major injuries to KEY PLAYERS.  (miller and haslem are not nearly as important as noah and boozer)  Lebron had WADE (arguably the 2nd best player in the league) and BOSH to help him.  I have said it a million times but it was a combination of all those things that rightfully earned Rose the MVP, not just one.
SkipBayless1919::Again....  With D Rose 28-6  Without 11-4   Do the math
SkipBayless1919::You can't comapre the stats of a PG and Center
aise5668::Statistically, he wasn't nearly as good as Lebron or Howard.  And Lebron won nearly as many games and I promise you that if he had missed time, the team wouldn't have had a prayer.  See Cavs, 2011.  The Magic actually do only have one player while the Rose-less Bulls are better than the Magic are WITH Howard.
RunTheBall22::Four year deal for Bush, not good news for Forte but great news for the Bears. now thats a two headed monster
Sons Keeper::It's been fun fellas. Til next time... Be easy
RunTheBall22::just think if LA loses Kobe , Bynum and Gasol. Holy crap will they be good. right sons keeper?
ChicagRose::With Rose..."The bulls suck, the only reason they are good is because of Rose, he carries the team on his back" Without Rose... "Rose sucks, the only reason he is good is because his teamates carry his terrible play"  Lmao..keep on hating hypocrites..it makes us look better, and you more stupid.
fairandbalanced00::Some of the bull fans are right, regular season means nothing. Having said that in a 7game series, it's all about match ups and who can provide scoring, not just in one game but in a 7game series. Heat has 3 choices who can create their own shot, bulls have one. plus drose doesn't trust his teammates in the final minutes against Miami and throws acrobatic shots and please don't rely on 34yr old rip hamilton, he is not even in game shape.  Lucas gives them a better chance because he feeds everyone on your team. Just saying.
buzzard1022::I dont think Ive seen Lucas pass the ball once all year. You dont have any idea what youre talking about. Other than that, great post (sarcasm alert)
fairandbalanced00::didn't he torch Miami with 3s last time they played??
Gex.2::JL3 is a scoring PG.  he has been on a streak that may or may not last, but he has never been the distributor that Rose is.  Nowhere NEAR.
RunTheBall22::hitting threes is not feeding everyone on the team
bisch55::Yes but let's be honest, that was an outlier. Your post said he feeds everyone on the team, which is blatantly false
bisch55::are you mentally challenged? John Lucas hasn't thrown a pass all year
RunTheBall22::no he doesn't, you must not watch the games
RunTheBall22::Troll logic, you always get better when you lose your best player, if Lebron and Wade go down oh no, look out league they got the title on lock down
SkipBayless1919::aise5668 I'm not saying they aren't better with DRose than without him. What I am saying is that he's not on the Lebron/Elway/Montana/ManningJordan/Shaq level....  SkipBayless1919 What has Lebron done that Drose hasn't?    He is only 23, you can't compare him to players who have retired or are about to in the next year or so....invalid point Aise
aise5668::He's had a PER over 25 8 times, DRose has never had a PER over 25.  He's missed 29 games in his career, DRose has missed 14 this season.  He's led two teams to the finals, DRose has never been out of the ECF.
aise5668::tenth for Lebron.  But you asked the question, Lebron has accomplished a LOT more than Rose.  Statistically, Lebron is a top five player of all time.  Rose will have to improve to be a top fifty.
SkipBayless1919::This is Rose's 3rd season in the league.....while Lebron in his 8th.......big difference there buddy
Sons Keeper::With or without Rose, the Bulls play GREAT collective defense... this explains their record. Rose's selfish point guard play explains Miami's darn near 4-1 sweep of the Bulls in the semi's... they peeped how he froze out his teammates and wore him down, counting on how very reluctant he is to give the ball up. Simple formula... made simple by Rose's selfishness. This year it may happen in the 2nd round if Rose doesn't change his ways.
Sons Keeper::True. It's evident. It was evident last season also. He has a very capable supporting cast. He just needs to utilize them.
Gex.2::If that's an attempt to discredit his MVP, then I would retort that the same cast was nowhere near as talented, and did not mesh as well as a team.    Most important of all, was that key teammates (Carlos and Noah), missed nearly half the season, and Rose put the team on his shoulders to the best record in the NBA, while putting up historical numbers (only ever matched by Jordan and Lebron).
sjr1893::8 APG is selfish? He always gives the credit to his teammates, and always takes the blame, just look what he said about last years ECF against the Heat.
lovesports3409::Rose will do WHATEVER IT TAKES TO WIN. Say whatever you want but I give him the green light. He better be agressive all the time.
Sons Keeper::LOL! He can also aggressively facilitate for his TEAM too lovesports!
Gex.2::Thankfully the past is the past, and Rose has learned from those mistakes.  Meanwhile his teammates have proven that Rose can trust them (by winning games with him injured).  Honestly, the Bulls from that ECF have improved leaps and bounds as individuals and as a TEAM. Simply put, we can beat MIA this time around.
RunTheBall22::It's just like when Cutler went down, as soon as he went out  BOOM the bears were contenders, it's always a good thing to lose your best player, I like your logic
Danny74068::It just kills haters that Bulls are winning without Rose.  They only want to believe that Rose-less Bulls are better (crazy thoughts).  It kills them to know that if this team is playing and beating the Big Teams out there now, that once the Bulls have all their players on the floor they'll be an unstoppable force.  So, if you want to think Rose-less Bulls are better then be my guest, if you are not a Bulls fan then you shouldn't care unless what I said was true.. Worried once everyone is back on the floor.
Erica6592::Stats=something that people use for and against someone lmao 28-6=83% with Rose 11-4=77% without Rose  DO THE MATH and the Colts arument has more to to with coaching and lack of confidence
SkipBayless1919::With D Rose 28-6  Without 11-4   Again what don't u understand?
YoungQuin88::Aise is throwing shi.t against the wall now smh.
aise5668::You are confused.  I am happy that they are winning without DRose.  It proves he's overrated.  What happened to the Cavs when Lebron left? What happened to the Colts when Manning got hurt? What's happening to the Bulls when Rose gets hurt?
aise5668::Cots go from 12 wins to 2 The Bulls go form .800 to .756.  Not the precipitous dropoff you would expect.
SkipBayless1919::Again the Bulls have a better record with Rose, so whats ur point?
lovesports3409::^^This!!!
Erica6592::@aise D-Rose=RW That sir, is a fact! STOP BEING HOMER!
Erica6592::as a mater of fact, RW=D-Rose and you refuse to put him on blast
SkipBayless1919::Again.....  With D Rose 28-6  Without 11-4   What dont u understand?
Danny74068::Welcome Back Erica.
aise5668::I agree!
lovesports3409::There is nothing to fear but fear itself.  -D. Rose
Objective-hater::and the S.A.T.
Erica6592::Stop feeding the trolls! :)
sjr1893::there needs to be a sign put up
Sons Keeper::The Bulls defense was it's most valuable commodity last season and this season. Their collective effort on the defensive end masked Rose's deficiencies as a point guard. It negated the horrible shot selection of their alleged "point guard"...
Sons Keeper::That's the problem. He holds the key to whether the Bulls make past the semi's. All he has to do is evolve as a POINT GUARD if that's the position he's gonna play. The shooting/point guard thing isn't going to work.
Gex.2::Sure, i can agree with that.  But Rose is constantly working to improve his shot selection, as evidenced by his improving from season to season.    He is still the key to our offense - and every stat shows that - AST, FG%, PPG, etc, are all HIGHER when Rose is playing.
SkipBayless1919::With D Rose 28-6 Without 11-4   The Bulls are obviously better with Drose so shut up about that already
bisch55::You can leave Lebron off that list, every other guy on it is a champion. Lebron is a statistical Champion
aise5668::I'm not saying they aren't better with DRose than without him.  What I am saying is that he's not on the Lebron/Elway/Montana/Manning/Jordan/Shaq level.
aise5668::I am comparing how the teams did when you removed them from the equation.
SkipBayless1919::What has Lebron done that Drose hasn't?  He is only 23, you can't compare him to players who have retired or are about to in the next year or so....invalid point Aise
Gex.2::troll saying something true?  ... do...not...compute....
CyBuck1::Time to bust out the BAN button on Author Blocker.  **POOF**  Bye bye trolls.
SkipBayless1919::MICHAEL BUSH IS A BEAR!
sjr1893::thats a damn good backup
sjr1893::its on ESPN Chicago, no joke
RunTheBall22::wait a min, is this a joke? I'm goin to see for myself
RunTheBall22::SWEET!!!!!! now we got a hell of a running game
Danny74068::Aise5668 hates Rose yet knows everything about the man.  I wonder if this Hate thing is actually a crush on Rose, and because Rose don't want none of that Aise is all hurt and hates Rose.
Erica6592::Zing!
Cabbage Mark::ESPN should tighten up on profile requirements. They should do a spelling and intelligence test to eliminate some really dumb people with bad takes.
sjr1893::there would be no more Heat fans
Cabbage Mark::That's the truth.
RunTheBall22::a sign of a great player is to make a good team great, and to make your team mates better. the bulls are good with out Rose but they are a hell of a lot better with him, and so is everyone on the court. the only thing winning without him proves is that the bulls are not a one man team like all you trolls said before he got hurt.
IlliniDave68::You hit it right on the head, RunTheBall! Their one source of comfort, albeit false, was that they thought the Bulls to be a one-man team. Now, they've had that taken from them. What to do?  Why, attack Rose of course.
SkipBayless1919::With D Rose 28-6 Without 11-4   The Bulls are obviously better with Drose so shut up about that already
RunTheBall22::Miami won without wade so they must be better without him right. see how that stupid logic works
Sons Keeper::The Bulls defense was it's most valuable commodity last season and this season. Their collective effort on the defensive end masked Rose's deficiencies as a point guard. It negated the horrible shot selection of their alleged "point guard"...
aise5668::That is what all you trolls said to defend him jacking up 30 shots/game vs. the Heat while shooting 33% and turning the ball over 5 times a game.
IlliniDave68::Wait a minute. You're on a BULLS convo, dissing a BULLS player, and attacking BULLS fans. You won't even identify who your team is and WE'RE the trolls?!!  You're a funny motherfucker.
aise5668::NO, that is what all you trolls said as to defend his travesty MVP award.
aise5668::but they win without him.  That's the fallacy of your argument.  He doesn't have the stats and now it's shown that he's not nearly as integral in them winning as you all implied.
RunTheBall22::he straight took over games. only Lebron lovers care more about stats than winning, and thats what Rose  did, WIN. and thats all that matters in sports, not padding your stats
aise5668::Monster year?  It was statistcally, outside of the Nash debacle, the worst MVP year since the merger.
RunTheBall22::bulls were never a one man team, in case you didn't notice it's pretty much the same team buddy, Rose just had a monster year deserving of an MVP
Danny74068::Trolls? this is a Bulls/Raptors board. Did you check on that before coming here?
SkipBayless1919::Aise you need to go back to playing world of warcraft
IlliniDave68::Looks like it's time to bust this out again -  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k3kKxtSQa-4
Sons Keeper::Well aise, the rules didn't apply to him... He was recruited to help Calipari and Memphis win games as well as to market NCAA venues. Thus making both entities more marketable and their brands more profitable... therefore, the rules shouldn't apply to players like Rose, while in college. he was recruited as a commodity, therefore he DESERVED compensation.
Sons Keeper::Juicing is cheating. Gambling or point shaving is chaeting... accepting money after an organization exploits your talents to the tune of millions is, at best, bucking an unfair system... being proactive in ones economic endeavors is to be applauded not frowned upon... LOL! Real talk
aise5668::I don't disagree with your point.  What I am saying is that if you are a good guy, then you follow the rules that everyone else is following.  You don't just say, this isn't fair, I'm going to cheat.
IlliniDave68::Get over yourself.
bisch55::Stop bringin up college, no one cares. Rose was born to go straight from HS to the NBA, he did what he had to do to get where he is today and coming from a neighborhood like englewood, I would too.
Gex.2::<b>Reputation is built on actions and behavior.</b>  Rose's speaks for itself.
Erica6592::better yet, do you know KD personally?
Erica6592::@ aise are you sure that KD hasn't said or one anything out of character?
aise5668::positive.
Cabbage Mark::You expect too much of your athletes anyway. That's a you problem.
SkipBayless1919::And Lebron has done nothing wrong according to you
aise5668::Yep, you are right, actions speak louder than words. 1) cheated on SAT  2) accepted illegal benefits to play for Memphis  3) Never apologized for it publicly and said "I know I did nothing wrong" but paid a 100,000 dollars in restitution to the School  4) Flashed gang signs at a party never takes responsibility for it saying 'It was a joke"  5) Signed contract to appear on The Good Wife and then refused to live up to his responsibility on the day of the show. Yet he never had the decency to call and tell them. He had his entourage just say to the driver that he wasn't going. This cost the show thousands of dollars and hundreds of hours. "Reads a prepared statement on it that he obviously didn't write"  6) It was widely reported that he went into the GM's office and demanded that Boozer be traded for Pau. He, of course, denied it.  7) Publicly declares himself a "Superstar" and panders for more calls.  8) After he is fined, in his response he doesn't apologize and refers to himself as a 'demigod'  9) Does an interview with ESPN the Magazine where he claims that the NBA is drug infested then refuses to accept responsibility for those remarks, denying it.
YoungQuin88::For some strange reason.....I'm gonna like this..I dunno u just made think"damn D Rose is a $@%!$ rebel. Screw humble, rose is a ROCKSTAR!!
Gex.2::aise is an OKC fan for anyone wondering (he deliberately tries not to reveal it)
RunTheBall22::It's official, JL3 is more clutch than Lebron
