Eternal_Sage::is it really bad over there brandon?
Eternal_Sage::yeah  I'm going to head over there  now to bakc him up
brandonlee561heat::Not too bad, just that guy "jordsdolphins" battling everyone lol
brandonlee561heat::Im going to use the bathroom, then we can go there if you want
Aicyla22::alright guys have a goodnight and enjoy the game (hopefully) idk if i will be back later but we shall see
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::you too. dont get to nervous when watchin the game.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::lol take care
Aicyla22::oh i will but dont worry my trusty blanket will be there to cover my eyes when necessary... bye!
Eternal_Sage::bai!
brandonlee561heat::adios!
brandonlee561heat::Many trolls on the milwaukee board lol, I just looked
Aicyla22::typical
Eternal_Sage::intro to reckoning... WTF
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::how long did it take to change your avatar to a pic that you uploaded?
Aicyla22::who are you talking to?
Aicyla22::ok well about 5 minutes
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::whoever can answer my question
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Wheres the bandwagon haters at?
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::I just find it kind of funny how they can call EVERY single Heat fan bandwagon. Yet before 2010 I guarantee they couldnt have given one crap about Miami. Now they hate them for reasons even they don't understand. Now I agree we got alot of bandwagon fans. But there alot more people who jumped on this hate bandwagon as I like to call it.
Aicyla22::definitely
Eternal_Sage::while we stay here until game time
brandonlee561heat::Bucks most likely.
Aicyla22::not here surprisingly i thinik perhaps the bucks board??
Aicyla22::boy do they
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::They love polluting the boards when the Heat lose.
thebattousai99::Its been real.. and real fun today ladies and gents.  Gotta get going, the gym is a-callin'.  Yall be safe and have fun.  GO HEAT! and we will catch up on the boards!
Aicyla22::bye
brandonlee561heat::cya
Eternal_Sage::later man, see you in the boards
Eternal_Sage::mmm reckoning game.... nice
brandonlee561heat::3 hours and 40 minutes til tip!
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::too bad I dont get the game in boston :(
brandonlee561heat::firstrow sports . eu  without the spaces
Eternal_Sage::miami is going to be on tv a lot in the ocming weeks
Eternal_Sage::lol don't remind me.. that makes time slow for me
Aicyla22::hmm that sucks
Eternal_Sage::yeah an hour..  I'll still have an hour until it starts :P
Aicyla22::gym will pass time
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::This is probably off topic. but... Lin has been great I just don't think he will shine when melo and amare get back. Melo won't let him. Melo's a great player, he just doesn't make anyone around him better.
Eternal_Sage::if qbs get most of the credit, they get most of the blame. I
thebattousai99::unfair.. but agreed.
thebattousai99::LOL @ fembow.. or as I like to call him, TimBLOW
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Yeah they should have been caught, Had they of been caught the outcome couldve been different.
thebattousai99::I dont know man.. he did make 17 straight completions.. cant blame him for welker and hernandez drops.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::If anyone hasnt noticed Patriots havent won since they got caught cheating.
thebattousai99::yeah.. timblow mania was beyond annoying.. this guy will not be a starter in the NFL past next season.
Eternal_Sage::brady
thebattousai99::well.. who choked? Brady or his receivers?
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Its not really that he choked, Pats cant win without videotaping signs
Eternal_Sage::choke in the superbowL? he's the white lebron!
thebattousai99::do the brady!
Aicyla22::i cant stand to hear anything about him anymore at least 50 of my friends went to UF so my facebook news feed was on his jock for weeks and weeks and weeks
Eternal_Sage::you said the t word.. fired
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Knicks suck anyway.
Eternal_Sage::Lin is a lot like  Fembow  he is a great mystery until you figure out his weakness then he becomes average
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Oral Hershiser Tebowing before Tebow  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ThY9sATbk4
Aicyla22::lol! thank you
Eternal_Sage::for you! I changed it
Aicyla22::please dont use the t word ever again im so sick of it!
Aicyla22::well no ones seen him play b4 so of course they dont know what to expect but now that coaches have watched some video on him his game wont be so unpredictable not to mention those two coming back
Eternal_Sage::Is melo a great player then?
Eternal_Sage::and unlike durant,  melo has been in the nba long enough to learn new tools
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::well yeah i shouldnt of used player considering he doesnt even play defense
Eternal_Sage::great scorer... I kind of  use great player as all around like lebron, wade, kobe
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::great player horrible team player imo
brandonlee561heat::Of course not. Melo loves to hold the ball. Lin will prolly take 8-10 less shots when Melo returns than he has the past 5 games
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::We can't lose to the Bucks 3 times. Come on HEAT!!
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::My car's in the shop and I got literally nothing to do.
brandonlee561heat::i doubt we lose tonight
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::lol i went to the preseason game at home. pittman did a great job holding down dwight howard that game. to bad they couldnt in the regular season game
Aicyla22::the preseason games tricked me
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Lol thinking we will win every game will do that to ya.
thebattousai99::lately.. we have played like garbage against the magic in orlando.  we will serve the bucks and the magic some revenge.  First up, the bucks.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::That magic game was hard to watch.
brandonlee561heat::I think we will win every game, sometimes i just get disappointed.
Aicyla22::thats how i felt about the magic game and it was a masacre
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Me too. but thats the same way i felt the last game.
brandonlee561heat::ES, how cold was it up there last night?
Eternal_Sage::as I said, he reminds me of the wine I had that night and ended up sick :D
thebattousai99::musta been some damn good wine!
Aicyla22::lol!
thebattousai99::I was on South Beach and it was windy.. best part of that was all the dresses that kept getting exposed! Lol
Eternal_Sage::course, between blk, battousai and these trolls. you need someone to watch your back!
Aicyla22::lol thanks i know i could count on you
thebattousai99::Was I supposed to say something rude or crude? NOPE! Not me!  Bye yall!
Eternal_Sage::I'll be a long with the taser just in case his secrets prove too much
Aicyla22::lol ES see its okay he didnt say
thebattousai99::well.. I cant let you in on all my secrets.. not yet at least :P lol
Eternal_Sage::Why did you have to ask ? x_X
Aicyla22::and whats the other half?
thebattousai99::and seeing is half the battle!
Aicyla22::i see that
thebattousai99::hmmm.. yes.. I can be when the occasion calls for it ;)
Aicyla22::oh quite the charmer arent cha?
thebattousai99::and you have such pretty eyes.. the better to see you my dear LOL
Aicyla22::lol ES   thebattousai idk i avoid eye contact at all costs haha
Eternal_Sage::Blk will kick your $@% :P
thebattousai99::you can never smile too much! Im sure you had some fellas smiling as well on Saturday night :D
Aicyla22::no im sure youre doing enough smiling for the both of us based upon how many flying skirts you saw sat night
thebattousai99::Smile!!!
Aicyla22:::(
thebattousai99::LOL... well, im sure someone else was "winning" on your losing LOL.. The wind was my friend Saturday night.
Aicyla22::and a loss in mine
thebattousai99::Now.. that is a win in my book!
brandonlee561heat::You win some, you lose some..
Aicyla22::lol if you say so, but :( now that i think of it i had a dress on too, thats awful
brandonlee561heat::thats hilarious, lol
thebattousai99::yeah.. and it was windy as hell this weekend.
Aicyla22::yea it was i went to gulfstream park on saturday night and it was rough
Aicyla22::cold is not too bad, cold + breeze = no bueno
thebattousai99::it got down to the 50's in Miami.. gotta love it.. cold weather is nice from time to time.
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::you guys gonna be on the game board later?
brandonlee561heat::Yep, if i can post when I am at home that is. last night I couldn't. that was lame. If you dont see me its because I cant post
Eternal_Sage::yeah
Eternal_Sage::29 freaking degrees, I live in florida for the heat not the cold
Aicyla22::yes we're not used to that
nba is the worst::Wow - that'll kill some oranges
brandonlee561heat::It was really cold here hahah
ThiscantbeAwesomebeast222::Im a Heat fan, but c'mon Irving &gt; Cole
Eternal_Sage::Who  said cole was better then irving?
ThiscantbeAwesomebeast222::bout 75% of us, Go post this when a game is going on.
Eternal_Sage::x_x *is scared to show his pic*
Eternal_Sage::I told them I would be the heatle mod  :D
Eternal_Sage::course, I would only ban the spammers and the racist $@%!$@
Aicyla22::you should be i think you would be fair
thebattousai99::come on mods.. what do you get paid to do?!!
thebattousai99::oh wow.. how do I get banned for 24 hours for saying a single curse words.. and Na.zi gets to go on for god knows how long spamming and the mods dont do sh.it.? WTF
Aicyla22::hmm i see thats far to advanced for me
nba is the worst::Those guys (spammers) clone accounts and post using script so flagging is useless, alycia - don't waste your time, mods can't see the flags
Aicyla22::idk how bc ive flagged about 800 billion and 5 times
thebattousai99::Na.zi? Zee Germans
Aicyla22::no i wish it was the germans theres this guy and his username is na.zi and he non stop spams the room its awful
Eternal_Sage::You guys going to be on the bucks board?
Aicyla22::alright ill give it a go
brandonlee561heat::Firefox is very safe.
Aicyla22::oh ok then i will i thought it was.  i just have a brand new mac book pro and its my baby i dont want to harm it
Eternal_Sage::No
Aicyla22::well isnt foxfire a huge file? if i DL it?
brandonlee561heat::try to get the author blocker, its literally so relieving once you have it.
Aicyla22::maybe idk if i can handle na.zi
brandonlee561heat::lucky
Eternal_Sage::yup!
brandonlee561heat::you off work today?
Eternal_Sage::Yeah I'm going ot the gym at six then I'll be home for the fun
brandonlee561heat::Yes sir, you?
brandonlee561heat::i wonder if we will see Curry a bit more with Pittman going down
Aicyla22::no not fun at all that for sure
thebattousai99::doesnt sound too fun LOL
Aicyla22::a wooden dowel
Aicyla22::no not neck lol throat, little kids and extreme circus tricks on tv dont mix thats for sure :(
brandonlee561heat::with a knife?
thebattousai99::stabbed yourself in the neck.. fine.. I wont ask.. but I am curious LOL
Eternal_Sage::...
Aicyla22::geez you guys had some serious issues i guess ill never complain again i only stabbed myself in the throat once... dont ask
brandonlee561heat::After my surgery on my shoulder i had to sleep in an orthopedic chair for like 2 months, because my arm had to stay at a certain position. Worst time of my life.
thebattousai99::I dislocated my right shoulder playing in a Flag Football league.. Not fun.  Its healed up on its own, but im sure it is nowhere near as strong as it was before the injury.    I have had surgeries on my left ACL.. now, that really was NO FUN.
brandonlee561heat::Ok Derrick Rose lol
Eternal_Sage::I stubbed my toe :D
brandonlee561heat::Tell me about, I dislocated my shoulder more than 15 times, I needed total shoulder/rotator cuff reconstruction lol. But the surgery was arthroscopic, it was the physical therapy that sucked.
Aicyla22::dislocation isnt bad though its extremely painful initially but the recovery is minimal
brandonlee561heat::At first I thought he dislocated it
brandonlee561heat::Sprained shoulder
Aicyla22::im sure he is lost right now, he has a ways to go.  he has some talent left in there somewhere he just needs to get his shit together, whats the pittman injury report?
brandonlee561heat::Yea, he still scares me. Some times he just looks lost out there
Aicyla22::probably a little bit more which is a good thing, spo had him in last night
Aicyla22::who?
brandonlee561heat::It's annoying
Aicyla22::thats really weird they denied the pic i have up now a few times but i was persistent and it went through finally
brandonlee561heat::At least they let you guys upload pictures, Ive tried to upload numerous pictures, and they all get declined, the most recent was a picture of a sunset, and they would not even let me use that...
Aicyla22::oh lol why? its not that scary you may get somemore haters that way like when i changed my puppy,  if i can handle it you can
brandonlee561heat::lol
Eternal_Sage::Mine lol
ThiscantbeAwesomebeast222::I miss Zeebo and Shaq :(
thebattousai99::I would like to get some of that tasty milwaukee Deer Jerky.  Heat a-goin huntin' tonight!
Whats The Spread::Heat won't able to stop J Lin and the Knicks
sportsfans1995::heat will destory knicks..
thebattousai99::Lin will become less productive with the knicks getting healthy again.. so the knicks just went from good to bad... subtraction by addition.
Eternal_Sage::dude chalmers/cole will kill him
KABOOM305::been a fan since harold baby jordan miner, cono!!!!
brandonlee561heat::hahah
thebattousai99::Vashon Leonard for 3?! KABOOM!  Another one for Leonard from KaboomTown!
Aicyla22::oh yes so true
thebattousai99::agreed... but I love all the DUNKS!
Aicyla22::i really do miss the consisent 3's
brandonlee561heat::PJ Brown with the STUFFER?!
thebattousai99::Dunk champ!
brandonlee561heat::hmm
Eternal_Sage::lol
thebattousai99::oh here we go...
Aicyla22::we are having a convo a little bit down the page brandon
nba is the worst::Ref report for tonight: Lead is Greg Willard, with Derek Richardson and Scott Wall. Line is Bucks + 6.5, O/U is 200.5 to 201.5    Heatles with any of these guys since last season are 18-9 overall, 13-11-1 ATS, 13-6 road, 11-5-1 road ATS. Only game this year the loss @ Clips.    Bucks are 4-9 overall, but 9-4 ATS, 3-3 hm, 3-3 hm ATS. Only game this year the win @ Knicks.
brandonlee561heat::I see, I will disappointed if Miami get's beat tonight.
Aicyla22::hello
Shakeman_lo::This room is Dead
brandonlee561heat::That was the Flinstone's lunch whistle, im back now.
Aicyla22::thebattousai99 how long have you been a heat fan?
Eternal_Sage::I won't drink again :( the moment  tortured me
Aicyla22::ever?
brandonlee561heat::Do you live north of south of Oakland park?
Aicyla22::ill have to try it on my lunch break one day im not too far from there
thebattousai99::It is ALL about the Kendall up in hur!
brandonlee561heat::There is a place called Jack's BBQ on Oakland Park, its delicious if you like bbq
Aicyla22::me? south
brandonlee561heat::Try mississippi mud, they are good and have them at most liquor stores. Its a dark beer
thebattousai99::not for nothing.. I can teach you how to love it!
thebattousai99::hahahaha
Aicyla22::i learnt to hate whiskey with crown haha
thebattousai99::Yeah.. I like Crown..,. I just got a bottle on Saturday.. still got some left.. I learned to drink whiskey with Crown.
Aicyla22::i used to drink crown when i was in college
thebattousai99::yeah.. it can be.. its an acquired taste
Aicyla22::whiskey is rough
thebattousai99::now, if we are talkn' Whiskey.. Glenlevit is the way to go!
Aicyla22::theres a total wine by my house ill try it out when im in a beer mood which isnt often
thebattousai99::Im like wine... what can i say LOL
thebattousai99::Only way I roll!
Aicyla22::lol @ mr. lee, but yes you have been very nice to us :)
thebattousai99::well.. im not nice to him.. hard to be nice to such tools.... but i have been nothing but nice to you, and ES and Mr. Lee.
Aicyla22::well your mr nice guy self goes away when worst comes around
thebattousai99::mmhmm? hmmm sounds like someone doesnt believe me :()
Aicyla22::mmhmm
thebattousai99::who me? Never! I am too nice to do something like that :P
Aicyla22::i think youre mocking me
thebattousai99::exactly! Just fabulous! :P
Aicyla22::i do need to explore miami more its just not in my bubble, oh and haha you live there right right it must be fabulous
thebattousai99::I drive to broward often.. so i am used to the city up north.
thebattousai99::well, you're missing out!! Its an amazing place with amazing people (ME) LOL
Aicyla22::i dont mind expensive i just dont often come to miami
thebattousai99::Yeah.. Place is great.. and not as expensive as you may think.
Aicyla22::coral gables uuhhh thats far located in a third world country
brandonlee561heat::I have been there before! i had a huge beer, it was 48oz or something! Reasonably priced as well.
thebattousai99::the one i mentioned is a light beer.. Amazing. And trust me.. i do NOT like beer.  They have darks as well, but not a fan of darks.  There is a place in Coral Gables that has Weirsteiner (German Beer) on tap.. Its called Fritz &amp; Franz Beer Haus!  Best potato salad you will ever eat.. EVER.
Aicyla22::i never had that is it light or dark? i like stella and newcastle
thebattousai99::dont drink beer.. unless that is all they have.... But if I had only to choose a beer.. I would say Weirsteiner.. Helles Light.
Aicyla22::i must be a lush then :( bc drinking a whole bottle in one sitting does get my drunk, but doesnt get me sick
thebattousai99::he got a mental image.. haha.. true statement regardless LOL
brandonlee561heat::I like dark beer, but I will drink whatever is coldest. lol
Eternal_Sage::was in response to battousai saying he's like wine :P
thebattousai99::Wine is second best to Whiskey!  But Red Wine is the best.  Drink a little.. drunk a lot LOL
Eternal_Sage::drinking the whole bottle in one sitting &gt;.&gt;
Aicyla22::whatttt i love wine what the hell kinda wine are you drinking?
brandonlee561heat::Why you sick for?
Eternal_Sage::You make me throw up so bad, I have to go to the hospital and feel like crap?
Eternal_Sage::*will leave the cuteness alone* and takes it because Aiycla is awesome
brandonlee561heat::Yea, the bullets were supposed to be "blanks". My favorite scene, is when he goes into the pawn shop, and puts the rings in the shotgun, and then blows the place up, that was wild.
thebattousai99::yup.. it def was... What is crazy, in the scene that the Crow is on top of the table with all the bad guys, Brandon actually gets shot.. and shortly dies after that scene.  Was a big Bruce/Brandon fan.  Such a shame.
brandonlee561heat::t'was a really good movie.
thebattousai99::The Crow! WooT
brandonlee561heat::This is true. people always ask/tell me that. lol
Aicyla22::and you have the same name as bruce lees son
brandonlee561heat::gotcha
Aicyla22::uh-leesh-uh, like Alicia Keys
brandonlee561heat::Is your name pronounced Uh-lee-see-uh, or Uh-leesh-uh?
brandonlee561heat::lmao
Aicyla22::aw thanks
brandonlee561heat::Im 23 years young, as well.
Eternal_Sage::grandpa!
Aicyla22::we shall call you gramps from now on
thebattousai99::damn.. im 31 and feel old.. thanks fellas LOL
Eternal_Sage::I play a 23 year old fit guy pretty well though!
Aicyla22::super cute :)
Eternal_Sage::x_x how is that cute?
Aicyla22::aw you guys are both 23? thats cute
brandonlee561heat::lmao, you got 27 years on me, ES that is
Eternal_Sage::this is what sucks about gametime not until 8:00 lol
Aicyla22::haha thanks i guess...
thebattousai99::just sayin.. if most 60 year olds looked anywhere near like your profile pic.. well, I would be going to hit up the retirement villages LOL..  But I know your really not 60 and an over weight guy LOL
Aicyla22::what?
thebattousai99::a hot 60! roflmao
Aicyla22::well youve got 10 years on me bc according to the trolls im a 60 year old over weight guy
Eternal_Sage::yeah htat's one game I am glad I missed
Eternal_Sage::aww! yet I could be an overweight 50 year old dude.. but thank you for that Aicyla! :)
thebattousai99::I passed out during the nuggest game.. but i didnt miss much lol
Aicyla22::youre beautiful enough as it is?
Eternal_Sage::I don't I need my beauty sleep :(
Aicyla22::that west coast stretch was rough though i had to take a nap before the clippers game
brandonlee561heat::I like late night with the Heat, even though the next im really tired lol
thebattousai99::more like 8:12-8:15.. but beats those west coast 1030 games.   I watch those games even when I have to be up at 530 to be at the gym by 6am.  I stay dedicated to the cause!
thebattousai99::yeah.. patrick McChewing is $@%!$ as hell too... Cassel looks like an uglier chauncey big lips billups.
Aicyla22::yes he has the kind of ugly only $ can make better
thebattousai99::yeah.. your probably right.. 'potential' stardom wasnt enough to get him the model chicks when he was at OU.
Aicyla22::i would say until he hit the nba and got some $ in the bank
thebattousai99::yeah.. that made for one physically gifted child.. but damn, he musta had a difficult time with the ladies until he hit high school.
Aicyla22::haha al horford is no where near as ugly as those other guys, i think blake is half hatian half ginger, what a bad mix : /
thebattousai99::that is one ugly ginger.. or half ginger.. or whatever the hell he is.  Al hortford is another $@%!$ person... them ears can pick up HD radio.
Aicyla22::way uglier i also think blake is hidious
Eternal_Sage::Noah to me makes little kids cry
thebattousai99::Ive seen U-Turns straighter than noah.
Aicyla22::noah is such a whiny baby what kind of grown (heterosexual man) says ppl are hollywood as hell, only my gay friends talk like that
thebattousai99::Yeah.. I had a friend tell me she hates noah and varajo cuz they look like bums on the court.  I couldnt agree with her more.
Aicyla22::i cant stand him hes a homo for sure
thebattousai99::cassel has to be the ugliest player to ever play any sport.. probably the ugliest human being I have ever seen.
Aicyla22::idk hes up there he just looks like an alien, but patrick ewing is pretty ugly too
Eternal_Sage::He reads stats, but I don't think he can read between the lines of those stats. He is a smart dude but sometimes his ref bashing gets old
thebattousai99::la la la la
Aicyla22::yes this what he said but it was kinda a half assed answer
Aicyla22::well little things can make you hate a team.  for instance i hate the bucks bc sam cassel pulled down on voshon leonard during a jump ball over a decade ago and the refs didnt see it  haha
Eternal_Sage::Oh he's a mav fan? lol  that connects all the dots
thebattousai99::all the time! its the only thing he can hang his hat on.
Aicyla22::sometimes or all the times? but yes he is very hateful towards the heat, if the mavs really are his team like he said then i can understand why
thebattousai99::oh, agreed.. he knows about the sport.. as do you and ES and I.. but... I rarely see him talk sense when it comes to the Heat.  Only bias, envy, and hate.
thebattousai99::yup.. that is the seed that sprouted the hate and envy.
Aicyla22::sad thing is he knows a thing or two but his hate ruins it
thebattousai99::that 06 series is a thorn in worst side.. so I am happy to see him suffer every time he mentions it.
thebattousai99::haha true that.
Aicyla22::impossible
thebattousai99::as much as you hate.
nba is the worst::Project much?
thebattousai99::I highly doubt that.. Perception is reality.. and in this reality you give us.. you are still burning in the lower rings of hell because of the 06 finals.  You, the cheaters, the liars, the fraud-sters.. in the lowest rings of Dante's Inferno.
nba is the worst::HA HA - Your perception of me "suffering" is a misperception.
Eternal_Sage::That's what he bases his ref ft margin on
Eternal_Sage::Bleh you people are no fun
thebattousai99::in the famous words of Mr. DMX "Here we go again, same old sh.it dawg, just a different day"
Eternal_Sage::SPEAK OF THE DEVIL
nba is the worst::hebattousai99 dont tell that to worst.. since that finals was won NOT by the Heat, but by the refs -=-=-  <b>CORRECT.</b>
Aicyla22::haha yea i try
Eternal_Sage::holy $@%! I just oticed that... lol
thebattousai99::ahhh.. so creative! lol
Aicyla22::by the way my name is actualy Alycia its my username spelled backwards
thebattousai99::lol.. sorry bout the TMI, just tryn to help a brotha out lol
Eternal_Sage::agreed Aicyla lol
Aicyla22::TMI
thebattousai99::take a doodoo and youll feel better.. probably have some backed up turds LOL :X
Eternal_Sage::YEs I remember how many people blasted miami on the boards saying refs won it.. then nba is the worst showed up and I died a little on the inside
Eternal_Sage::&gt;.&gt; my stomach is hurting me so I'm a little cranky
Aicyla22::he cant criticize anyones team preference since its damn near impossible to get an answer out of him
thebattousai99::dont tell that to worst.. since that finals was won NOT by the Heat, but by the refs ROFLMAO.
thebattousai99::im hurt sage.. i am tons of fun
Aicyla22::thats cool at least it was the 06 finals and not 2011 i like football too but basketballs my #1
Eternal_Sage::First time I ever watched an nba game is the finals with D-wade the first time. Football has always been my passioon sport so I decided to see what it was like and I fell in love with miami and wade has my favorite player since
Aicyla22::so when did you become a heat fan?
Aicyla22::sorry!! i couldnt detect your sarcasm
thebattousai99::Cono!
thebattousai99::ok ok.. ill delete my post for ya ES.. geeez.. dont gotta be so mean :P
Eternal_Sage::Of oourse I was being sarcastic &gt;&lt;
Eternal_Sage::You know how trolls think every person here became a heat fan in the summoer of 2010, I was being joking until ttousai ruined it x-X
thebattousai99::me 2 lol.. still dont know if ES was serious or not lol
Aicyla22::you were being sarcastic ES?
Aicyla22::im confused
thebattousai99::dale juevo!
Eternal_Sage::... note to self.. sarcasm is not welcomed here
Eternal_Sage::I won't lie.. I became a heat fsn summer of 2010.
thebattousai99::since I went to my first Heat game in the Miami Arena back in 1992... Bimbo Coles, Glen Rice, Harold Minor aka baby jordan, Steve Smith, Ronnie Seikley etc.  You Aiclya22?  In 1992 I was 11 years old.  I saw my first live BBall game before I even know much about sports at all.  All I knew was the Miami Hurricanes and Miami Dolphins at that time.
Aicyla22::yes they did and still do oh and Dr Jack! but i cant lie shaq is what got me into basketball when he left the magic for LA i jumped ship over to the heat :)
thebattousai99::Dan the Man!!! Heat had some great players!
Aicyla22::yes it was i miss them especially dan marjerle and voshon leonard
thebattousai99::still.. good year to become a fan.. Alonzo Mourning and Hardaway the following year.
Aicyla22::you got me beat it was 96 for me
r8rdixie5::What's the greatest all-white team you can assemble? Here's mine:   PG: Nash SG: Jimmer SF: Jimmer (so good he plays two positions) PF: Troy Murphy C: Matt Bonner  With Scalabrine and Dirk coming off the bench
thebattousai99::dont forget Vinnie Del Negro!  He so good his last name is "of black"
brandonlee561heat::Yabbbbaaaaadddaaaabbbbbaaaadoooooo
thebattousai99::A great career.. I am very blessed to do what I do for a living.
Aicyla22::lol
thebattousai99::yeah.. these complainers kinda remind me of worst LOL
Aicyla22::they never will ever.  voters are ridiculous youd think they be proud and honoured to be in a democractic county, but no they have to complain about everything
thebattousai99::true that.. easier said than done.  I get reminded when I travel about our electorial process or lack there of LOL.. Its been over a decade.. youd think people would drop that bush election already LOL
Aicyla22::yea right if it were only so easy
thebattousai99::outta sight, outta mind LOL
Aicyla22::i wasnt even old enough to vote then so that never happened haha
thebattousai99::nice.. no hanging chad jokes then LOL
Aicyla22::i work for broward county elections office
thebattousai99::what do you do for a living?
Aicyla22::thats great that you like your job mine is boring but interesting at times
thebattousai99::Im an investigator of an insurance company.  I look into fraudulent claim.. Love my job to say the least.
Aicyla22::what do you do? i thought i asked that but it didnt go through i guess
thebattousai99::and I got the YouTube vids and plaques to prove it LOL
thebattousai99::now that is a good dad!
Aicyla22::i see
thebattousai99::yeah.. ammo can get pricey.. best way to conserve on that is to reload your own ammo.. but to get into it is pricey as well.
Aicyla22::ohh ok yes ammo is expensive my dad used to shoot shot guns when i was growing up but gave it up bc i wanted to roller skate and they could afford one or the other
thebattousai99::I have my career already... There is prize money involved sometimes..so yeah, money can be made.. but usually you only make good money off of it when you get sponsors who pay for your matches, as well as ammo and give you incentives and bonuses for placement.    I do it for fun, but sponsorship is a goal and not far off :D
Aicyla22::ver nice,  do you make a living off of it?
thebattousai99::yeah.. that dude was a chump.  Made it easy for others to not like him.  I liked ellerman, the winner, cuz he was a self taught shooter just as I am.
thebattousai99::agreed.. we do it BEST! :D haha
Aicyla22::yes the self taught ones seem to do the best
thebattousai99::yeah.. cool show.. can be a bit corney.. but puts guns in a good light.. good publicity.. I get sick of all the gun haters.
Aicyla22::yes it is corney at times but i like it.  im just glad that angry black man lost last year.
thebattousai99::yes ma'am!  I know one of the girls in this years Top Shot.  Gabby Franco.  Ive shoot with her in the past.  Amazing person and shooter.  Cant wait to see her in action tomorrow night.
Aicyla22::oh ok i watch that show believe it or not. thats cool
thebattousai99::my lunch consisted of a salad with no dressing.  Added tomatoes, turkey, and ham.  A cup of OJ, as well as fresh strawberries, and grapes.  Green apple for a snack later.    YUMMM
Aicyla22::shooting guns?
thebattousai99::yeah.. now if I could just keep up that diet on the weekend!! Shooting competitions leave me regulated to McDonalds and other varied fast foods.
Aicyla22::wow very healthy
Eternal_Sage::lol we don't go until like 3 hours until game time
Eternal_Sage::no clue, but never again xx
Aicyla22::why? i just had a roast beef sandwich it was the shit, but my peach wasnt all the way ripe :(
Eternal_Sage::not really, the grilled sandwich made my stomach hurt :( ugh
Aicyla22::oh sorry i didnt know there was protocol
Aicyla22::have you been to the bucks room yet?
22Young Money::man wolv, my son just graduated from St piers...gonna be at Westminster soon
Dr.Killapatient...::Young Money? So you must be a member of the group that is destroying Hip Hop...
42Wolverine21::congrats to your little man
22Young Money::man my friend bernie the other day be like "Why Knick fans be so snotty an ignorant with this Lin dude" and im like "Man cuz that aint got no Lebron and no wade or Boosh so they bein jealous lil playas"
Eternal_Sage::///
42Wolverine21::young mon what up my man??????
42Wolverine21::got som heat ticks for the 19th gainst orlando brotha u comin????
22Young Money::yeah man im bein livin in the high life cuz
42Wolverine21::u still hangin wit bernie???
Aicyla22::what?
22Young Money::girl u trippin
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::<b>I have to say, I have enjoyed being real when it comes to the Heat as oppose to just hating on them lol. I keep my promises. Talk to yall later.   <sup>Boston Celtics</sup></b>
nba is the worst::later
42Wolverine21::c ya smoove
Aicyla22::yes you did, bye
thebattousai99::D'Antoni owes his job to Lin.  Simple as that.
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::true story.
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::Jeremy Lin is the future of the Knicks.
42Wolverine21::com on son
42Wolverine21::i just don see who gonna be able to stop the heat this year besides them bucks
thebattousai99::I started to dislike cuban when he rolled up to the AAA arena in his private yacht back in 06 with a banner hanging from it that read something to the extent of  "Dallas mavericks, 2006 nba champs.".. Miami mayor told him, "remove the banner, or move the yacht, or get it towed away".. Just like dallas in that series, the banner disapeared.
Aicyla22::hes just a shit talker i cant stand it, have some class
thebattousai99::must be anytime that dallas choked its way out of the playoffs in the past (with the exception of last season).  Just like cuban and the worst to blame it on the refs.
Aicyla22::i HATE mark cuban he is a low life well according to nba the refs fix every single heat game. im just wondering if hes every heat game every lebron game or what
thebattousai99::yes.. lets 'get real'.. everyone outside the Heat fan base thought that series was fixed... man, how stupid are your comments? For real man.. get over that series.  I think most Heat fans have moved on from last years finals because bigger and better things are coming to the heat in the future.  But lets just drop the 06 finals was fixed thing.  Dallas and dirk choked as they usually do.  HELLO, Golden State ring a bell?  It took a huge Lebron choke for them to win it last year, but I at least can give credit to dallas for playing outstanding when they needed to and give credit for them winning.  I dont have to try and find reasons to blame someone or something.  I do not live in a make believe land as you do worst.  Get over it.  And YOU get real.
thebattousai99::Plus, I remember Wade missing 2 crucial FT's in game 5 which gave dallas a chance to win... but alas, they choked.  So, was that the refs fault too?
thebattousai99::again.. was donaghy in that game officiating? Get over it... seriously.  SO, crawford gets convicted of tax evasion and that makes him a game fixer like donaghy? What does any of that have to do with the price of tea in china?  And someone has to hold those records, why not Wade... It wasnt like Wade was just settling for jump shots...  just about every time he had the ball he drove to the basket.. and yes, more often than not, he was fouled.
nba is the worst::You missed the whole Donaghy scandal?  Joey Crawford's conviction for tax evasion and being suspended by the league?  Cuban's war with Stern that coincided with wade's ALLTIME FINALS RECORD 46 FTS in the deciding two games (28 above his avg) "won" by a total of 4 points - ref'd by Joey Crawford, Bennett Salvatore, and Dan Crawford?
Aicyla22::wait so when did the refs start "fixing" these games? when lebron was in cleveland? or just since he came to miami?
nba is the worst::Plenty of teams in the West already have
nba is the worst::Everyone (outside of heat fans, of course) that watched that series knows it was fixed.  Get real.
thebattousai99::oh thats right.. blame it on the refs.. Opps forgot.. that means the 06 title did not count.  Talk about consistently stupid and bias.  Good job on that worst.
thebattousai99::So.. 2 OT losses (warriors/clips) and one loss to the Nuggets in a 3 game West Coast swing early in this season automatically makes the Heat have "plenty" of losses to the West?
nba is the worst::Ref job fixed titles don't count
thebattousai99::I musta missed which western team won the trophy in 06.  OPPS.
Aicyla22::hehe youre too much
nba is the worst::Some people admire consistency - like how often the title goes to the West Champ for example
Aicyla22::nba why must you be so predictable?
thebattousai99::old is part of it.. I just think the Heat are too good from top to bottom.
thebattousai99::ehhhhh.. wrong.
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::why not? Because they're too "old"?
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::Not that you care but the Celtics are fully capable of stopping the Heat.
nba is the worst::He also is good at defending lebr0n - and didn't play in the 1st game...
thebattousai99::and cools off even faster.
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::Dont forget Pietrus. he heats up quickly.
42Wolverine21::well i sure respect them no doubt they jus dont cut it against the heats speed
thebattousai99::I doubt anybody thinks the celtics would be an easy out in the playoffs.  They have a solid team and the only player that scares me is Allen from beyond the arc.. Other than that, not too worried about the rest, even thought I do think they can win 2 games out of a possible 7.  Not more.
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::with our ball movement and all of the shooters we have, not to mention our great defense. the Celtics arent an easy win for the Heat just like the Heat arent an easy win for the Celtics.Also, Rondo can abuse the gaurds on the Miami Heat.
42Wolverine21::whats up smoove  how do you figure the celtics cant keep relyin on pierce specialy in the playoffs
42Wolverine21::what goin on wit lin bin
nba is the worst::I don't understand people getting down on Lin - great kid, great story.  Wtf?
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::I just wanna add, lin didnt go off against the Celtics.
Aicyla22::haha thank you now my life can go on, i was wondering about that...
thebattousai99::they arent bad.. when they have ball movement.. they are bad when the ball sticks to melos hands.
thebattousai99::great story.. lets just see what happens when Melo and Mare get back.. even you have said somebody has to do the scoring on bad teams.. and the knicks..regardless of a 5 game win streak, are a bad team.
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::Mare wont be the problem. Melo is the one who holds the ball for 10 seconds around the perimeter and takes horrible shots
Aicyla22::theyre not bad, but theyre not good either
brandonlee561heat::Once Melo returns, Linsanity will die down, mark my words.
Aicyla22::he is one of my ppl i must support him
Aicyla22::i agree i just dont think he will be able to perform at this level for much longer.  my only problem with him is that hes a knick :(
Aicyla22::oh i didnt see this no with more playing time other teams can learn his game
nba is the worst::So with more experience, he's going up a level?
Eternal_Sage::if we would of had lin instead of chalmers miami would be 28-0
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::lin will be a better pg than mario. I cant see mario carrying a team the way lin has been doing.
nba is the worst::I think you're right - he can only improve with experience
Aicyla22::lin wont be able to perform at this level for much longer i cant wait for the heat to play the knicks though
Eternal_Sage::doubt it.
Eternal_Sage::HAH i made myself lol &gt;.&gt;
Eternal_Sage::yeah! HIM AND JAMES jones
brandonlee561heat::I'll take Mario, I hope he gets in the 3pt competition. that would be cool
Aicyla22::haha
42Wolverine21::use toilet tissue daniel son
Ravens_Os_N_NattyBohs4::overheard from the Knicks locker room "Amare, you order $25 you get a free egg roll.  And you want #4 at halftime right?'  ok.
42Wolverine21::china don even got toilets
Ravens_Os_N_NattyBohs4::At least this NBA article isn't about a player that prefers to eat cats and does really well in math class.
brandonlee561heat::So what if he uses his abacus in the locker room
ThatBullsFan::$@%! you racist
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::o.0
dan torell::later peeps! got to go home... my shift is done!
brandonlee561heat::luckyyy
Aicyla22::bye
brandonlee561heat::JB, is that really you playing the saxophone? That's pretty sweet
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::thanks. more coming soon.
Eternal_Sage::damn Jb, nto bad
Aicyla22::yea i just looked too youre really good
Aicyla22::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=14b5BsuRWVI&amp;feature=plcp&amp;context=C3308e01UDOEgsToPDskJdE3Ed_S0IUuk04iK47XkJ
nba is the worst::link?
brandonlee561heat::That is good, I couldn't do that
Eternal_Sage::mm chicken *_*
brandonlee561heat::whats up
Eternal_Sage::LET'  GO  MIAMI HEAT
Eternal_Sage::why did my chicke ncomment get deleted? IT'S DAMN GRILLED CHICKEN SANDWICH ESPN MODS  Let's go my fingers got messy x_X
Aicyla22::let go of what?
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::why did your chicken comment get deleted? lol
RekoSaint::I'll be back on my real account ScarecrowKeyserSoze later. See ya.
Aicyla22::bye
brandonlee561heat::cya
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::<b>You guys should go on youtube when you get the chance. watch my music videos and show your support.</b>
brandonlee561heat::link?
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::Just look for videos by JBSmooveSax3  I cant go on youtube from work.
brandonlee561heat::"No Adele, you cannot make S'more's with your Grammy's"
dan torell::I thought I was watching [replay] the circus de soleil.
brandonlee561heat::She is stupid
Aicyla22::no my mom was born there then came to brooklyn pretty young i am extremely americanized
nba is the worst::Cool - were you born/raised there?
Aicyla22::yes
nba is the worst::trini?  As in Trinidad?
Aicyla22::her performance saddened me as i am trini and so is she and it sucked
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::nicki minaj is a disgrace to females everywhere.
Aicyla22::did you see nicki minaj? that was dreadful
dan torell::I don't why they put up a copycat artist!
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::Bout time somebody with some actual musical talent won a grammy.
brandonlee561heat::Yea, she is nice. She lost hella weight too
method305::Stat line prognostication here. LBJ:32 pts, 8 reb, 6 asts. Wade:20pts, 6 reb, 7 asts. Bosh: 16pts, 10 reb, 2 blks. Result: Heat win 95 - 87. Wait for it.
dan torell::In Cavs years... a lot.
nba is the worst::How many games since Lebron had 30?
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::<b>I've been really impressed with Bosh's aggressive play this year. I figured after last year with the crying and all that he would have a very solid season.</b>
Pascal1296::I hope Bosh keep rebound like that
dan torell::That's what I read, that he's going to do that formula...   Didn't he do just that last season?
brandonlee561heat::likewise
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::@Aicyla22- <b>Will you marry me?</b>
dan torell::nba, one thing you have to consider... don't trust anyone who is on the other side of the computer... no offense Aicyla22.
Aicyla22::celtics fan and some random person on the internet, but nbas right it could be worse you could be a knicks fan...
nba is the worst::Could be worse - IF you were a Knicks fan...
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::Is it because Im a Celtics fan?
Aicyla22::haha thats a no good i figured id change it up and give him an answer he wanted to hear
nba is the worst::Lol - now about this celts fan's marriage proposal...  :/
Aicyla22::lol aw yes ive grown so much since you first met me as a puppy
nba is the worst::Initially, OK, but we've known Aicyla since she was "just a puppy"  ;)
Aicyla22::its not about trusting anyone if i was on here trying to pick men up or doing weird things claiming to be a female id understand, but no one questions you being a guy
RekoSaint::Why would you need to trust anyone on here? You dont know anyone here in real life. This is a discussion on sports what does it matter who's male or female?
dan torell::ahhahaha... for all we know, Aicla22 is a man!
Aicyla22::idk what youre talking about but yes i am a girl
Pascal1296::idk why either. you're a girl right? i supposed they never seen a guy into sport that much
Aicyla22::oh ok i think so too
nba is the worst::You're obviously female - with or without the pix, it's easy to tell IMO
RekoSaint::At the end of the day it doesnt really matter if they believe you or not lol this is just a espn board.
Aicyla22::i suppose youre right dan and i was going to say who would take the time to lie about that but i answered my own question by thinking about bill ontario and na.zi and their spamming. reko i guess ppl find it hard to believe females can be sports addicts too and nba idk what youre talking about
RekoSaint::But on a serious note, they just want attention I guess.
RekoSaint::The wedding.
nba is the worst::Aicyla22 idk why people always think im a man -=-=-  No one who knows you thinks that!
dan torell::What do you think, Aicla22? The internet is full of surprises! :)
Aicyla22::left out of what?
RekoSaint::They feel left out.
dan torell::Who is hating????
Aicyla22::idk why people always think im a man
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::Why do you have to hate?
91Gmoney9009::Wouldnt doubt it
Aicyla22::yes
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::we can discuss wedding arrangements after the playoffs.
brandonlee561heat::Love is in the air...
the702shogun::the hawks really missed al horford last night, this shows how much he is to the team
dan torell::I think it's the effect when Josh Smith was denied of All-Star spot.
dan torell::is it? I thought this weekend.
nba is the worst::Next weekend, right?
dan torell::Maybe, but that's not the entire reason though. Forget Jamal, they were doing good on the previous games but this one because this weekend is the NBA All Star.
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::no, they lost leadership when jamal crawford went to the trailblazers.
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::hawks have zero leadership. they are a first round exit.
longwhiteshaft::looks like the bucks r gonna go farther than the heat this year. Always next season i guess :/
RekoSaint::Farther away from the playoffs.
