Dave Fritz::Wonder how many points David Ortiz will have in this game lol. Seriously though to any Red Sox fans that are also Celtic fans. Congratulations on winning the world series, you earned it.
Chelo Mejias::Jesus, i'm a celtics fan but this is painful to watch...a bunch of retards trying to hump a door knob
Mike Williams::that made me laugh really hard... a bunch of retards trying to hump a door knob!!!!   that made my day for some reason
Carmen Sand Iiego::Celtics are in a rare rebuilding faze and the Pistons might be better than they were, but I bet we both make the playoffs at about the same record.
Khalid Dawkins-Brickhouse::Carol Anne I don't think this Celtics team is even going to make the playoffs
Luc Whissell::Wiggins will look good in Celtics green.
Antoine Black::Celtics are gonna get Wiggins!!!
Jake Gibbs::Just like they were gonna get Oden or Durant....and got Jeff Green.
Dean Norris::You right the Celtics had a chance but stevens bench 2 guys that could score.
Bryant Oliveira::Jake Gibbs Whom they originally traded to get Ray Allen, who signing brought in KG, and won them a championship. Falling to 5 was the best thing to happen to them
Geoff Starling::KCP is out of the rotation for Stuckey? God damn, I hope Joe feels the same way I do and started calling any GM who'd listen to get rid of him. Cheeks is nuts, you cant have a SG in the NBA who cant shoot. Stuckeys best position is always as a combo guard / PG off the bench, but Bynum is better at it.  He bogs down offense unless he's going 1 on 1 because he cant shoot. I'm sick of him already. I wish he could shoot, he would have been an all star if he could, but he is an all-time bricklayer. It looks like Stuckey and Jennings are Cheeks starters. Sweet, 2 guards who cant make a layup either.
Timothy J. Casey::Even crazier, bot Stuckey and Singler getting minutes at sg over KCP. Even as a rookie, his defense is already better than either of those two and he has a more complete offensive game despite being kind of erratic as a rookie.
David Robss::Whoever on boston made that last pointless foul damn you to hell
Jacob Taylor::Josh Smith is a freakish athlete. But he's also a turnover machine. The Pistons have the talent to be a 4-seed but I'm not sure if the talent fits together. Smith turns it over like crazy, takes bad shots, and Jennings can score the ball like crazy, but he takes bad shots too. This team has to go through Monroe and Drummond first and foremost. If it can control the glass and reduce turnovers and pile up points in the paint with the bigs and guys like Jennings and Bynum and Smith slashing and scoring or passing off to the bigs, they have a chance to be good. But they need to eventually compliment each other.
Hex Effect::Smoove doesn't learn that he should stop jackin' up threes. Sheesh.
Peter Knowe::Smith jacking 3 pointers again just like in Atl, he rarely hits it but demands to toss 6 a game or he pouts
Joe Van Horn::This is the Josh Smith you will come to know.....thinks he is a 3-point artist instead of staying inside.......
Ray Heid::Pistons by 17
Chelo Mejias::GO CELTICS
Hex Effect::I just ordered the Adidas championship Hardwood collection fitted of the Celtics' 17 titles, that way I could feel better this season and possibly the next ones (unless Ainge does some moves because I doubt we'll be keeping nine draft picks we have piled for the upcoming seasons), because it's gonna be a while before we see banner 18. *sigh*...
Hex Effect::As long as we get in the top 5 of this year's draft class (seems like we're heading there already), the rebuilding will quicken as we can be contenders in about three years, long as Rondo remains in green. I'd love Jabari Parker in Boston hahah!
James Incredible-Jackson::Jennings seems to have just had a bad shooting night. He took reasonable shots from a reasonable distance, they just didn't go in.  Smith on the other hand......
William Cutting::Poor Celtics. Once great and now looking abysmal as hell. When Gerald Wallace is your team's best player, you're in for a rough season. Also, don't count on getting Wiggins.
Timothy J. Casey::Would be nice to have some offensive players on the floor right now... No Monroe, Smith, and I can't figure out why Singler's still getting minutes over the rookie right now.
Peter Knowe::I think Pistons jump on them early then coasts in second half, betting the first half line tonight  hard to see this Boston team scoring on the road against best defense they have played
Geoff Starling::Jennings and Stuckey should not have finished this game. Take a look at the stats. PIstons were much better tonight with Billups and Bynum on the floor.
Kevin Hsu::Is it just me, or are those Motor City uniforms sick? Pistons need to permanently make those their road unis or use them as much as the normal home ones.
Yaneek Smith::Question: Is the frontline of Smith/Monroe/Drummond going to work, or will the Pistons look to trade Monroe and move Smith to the 4?
Geoff Starling::Smith could/should be playing the 4 a lot more anyway. There's 96 mpg available at PF/C. Right now Drummond and Monroe are playing 40 mpg, but thats not sustainable. Monroe's max was 33 mpg last year. So I dont think the Pistons have to move Monroe regardless where Smith is best. Nothing wrong with having an awesome big rotation and then limiting Smith to 10 mpg at SF.
Timothy J. Casey::There's no reason it can't work. They've been one of the better front lines in the league so far. The biggest problem is finding some bigs on the bench that can relieve them for extended periods. If Villanueva could find his way into the lineup, that'd be enough to cut a good chunk of those minutes down for Monroe and Drummond.
Brent B Jacoby::so happy just to see brandon knight gone...and point guuards who can actually have more assists than turn overs. GO PISTONS
Maddie Beckley::Pistons are going to destroy us on the glass. It will probably be a blow out. That game against the bucks was a disgrace it looked like total tanking to me.
Arron Nheal Vens::15 & 7.. nice game
Dave Fritz::"UGLY", but a win is a win. I think the Pistons didn't win their 2nd game until the 11th game of the season last year if I remember right.
Eric Bell::Drummond is looking to be the cornerstone of this Pistons team for years to come. Right there with Monroe.
Scott Carter::Pistons win this one, but im not thinkin blowout like some people are.  BOSTON: 91 DETROIT: 97
Arsen Jan Babayan::Nice to have Brandon Jennings back.  It changes the game plan for over teams.  He's can put up 20+ every night.
