kox2010::The Spurs are so $@%!$@% efficient , 8 guys in double figures, 2 guys with 9. This is what the NBA should be. Nobody cares causes it's Seattle...HOLD ON I meant Sacremento. It's incredible that  when the analysts from ESPN talk about the West it's always the Lakers. They have won 50+ games for 15 years. They never win in the playoffs, lets not watch.
Briskz711::I would not even play my starters against the Kings...
pipclooney6_realNBA_analyst::Heat play Kings: 5000+ comments   Spurs play Kings: ~960 comments
kox2010::Leave the team that drafted you and have an ESPN special. The most popular figure in the sport....Gregg Popovich wouldn't allow that.
Mutuum::Double overtime v. 28 pt blowout.  Spurs are boring but they win.
beavis4play::doesn't matter what kind of game heat play - there are 10,000+ comments. and it has nothing to do with the spurs not being interesting. heat board is lightning rod for trolls. it's hard to have any kind of discussion because of it.
olivelh::Bon retablissement Tony !!!
Mark12081959::Parker MVP talk - bye bye
Aussie_Holdem::I hope Mills has taught Parker the Towel Wave, 'The Twist' 'The Windmill' 'The Reverse Windmill' 'The Over Arm' 'Under Arm'...Paddy Mills has it down to a fine art. Some say, the Paddy Mills Towel Wave is the single reason for the Spurs success this season. ;) I hope Paddy is as good on the court, as he is off the court.
DalvinSplit::We will be just fine. TP  will be out 7-10 games .Felling fresh for  Playoffs push .
Mark12081959::and that is why Parker is not MVP
mkwan0::NDC or Mills?  Mills is a better player, NDC a better point guard.  Mills is a clutch shooter and creative scorer, and better defender, NDC is a better passer and facilitator.  I think they have to start NDC, and close out games with Mills and Manu.  I think NDC has more upside.  A small lineup of Mills, Neal, and Manu, with Blair and Diaw coild be very flexible (would also defend like crap).
Mutuum::De Colo is terrible.  Let Joseph back up Mills.  He's been tearing up the D-League and he's young enough that he could be the future starting PG.  Let's see if he can make the transition.
iiirok::Tony Parker had this infidelity issues. And this is another punishment from the man upstairs, telling T. Parker that he doesn't take those issues lightly.
Mark12081959::wow u r on a direct line with the big man upstairs   oh I remember something else he said Judge not and you will not be judged
JustB86::If that were the case then 98% of the league would be on the injured list
mkwan0::looking at the footage of the sprain, which didn't look as bad as some, and hearing Pop's immediate response that Parker will be sidelined for awhile, I get the impression that Pop was just looking for a reason to put Parker on the shelf for a couple of weeks.
iiirok::If that's the case, then it's pretty messed up because Parker is having an MVP type season. And to take that away from Parker is pretty selfish from Pop. Might as well give the MVP to LeBron....
B-Baller2478::The MVP will always go to LeBron. Look who votes for it.
Mark12081959::LeBron is the MVP
Mobz24::This is good for the Spurs. They can rest Parker for the playoffs, and have an excuse to slip to the #2 seed and avoid a potential matchup with the Lakers in the 1st round.
mkwan0::The Spurs don't dodge teams.  They have never cared about seedings and matchups.  Now, will Pop tank a few games to get his team rested, sure, but he won't lose to avoid a matchup.
STEVE6163656::Spurs will steamroll whoever they play in the 1st round, whether it's the Lakers, Jazz, Rockets, etc
nhraven52::Tough break for the Spurs.Hopefully Parker can come back strong next year.
dawempy::next year???
krappie2020::Is it OK to be a Spurs fan but dislike Matt Bonner?
Trace2010::YES.
mkwan0::Not at all
Yanks81493::No
hotlips4042000::I hate the media.  Anytime they talk about who is going to win it all... its OKC and Miami.  Spurs are the best overall team right now.  Tony will be fine and when hes back and rested we're going all the way!!!
mkwan0::The media gives the Spurs appropriate consideration.  Right now, it is the Heats title to lose, but the Spurs are always mentioned as legit, perhaps the most legit, team to take it from them
TexanPatriot1::Old fashioned butt kicking here too.
I hate Jerry Jones::Sorry that TP9 rolled his ankle but I sure am thankful it is merely a sprain and not a break - the SPURS will be fine.  What I'd like to see is more Patty Mills running the point - De Colo is a great passer but this kid's shooting is bad..he needs some work.  I fear we're going to see gary neal at pg - i would rather manu run the point and neal play 2 guard but that will cause defensive mismatches.  Anyway, I think SPURS will be fine, I'm just glad it happened now and not in the PO's.
ThunderHornz::Sometimes a clean break heals faster than a nasty sprain. I did a nasty roll tiptoeing across landscape boulders-it took forever to heal. I hope Tony is much luckier!
JustB86::Good LAWD Sacramento gives up a lot of points. In their losses for February thru yesterday they gave up 130, 141, 110, 122, 108, 123, 108, 120....it's like before the game the teams that play against them go to "options" and set the difficulty level to "beginner"
Popeyes Chicken 2.0::Bad time to get injured for tp3. This may be our last chance for #5. F#ck you parker for getting injured again. As a spur fan since 95, i f#cking hate this team at times. F#ck my life. Idk how this team is going to beat Lac, Okc Mia, Gsw, etc. w/o him
mkwan0::Dude, breathe.  It is going to be ok.
Egr_Troll_Nation_4.1::Goooooooooooooooooooo!!!!! Spurs!!!!! Goooooooooooooooooooo!!!!! Get well soonTony!!!!!
ThunderHornz::The one, the only egr?
10ERock11::its a good thing the Spurs have one of the deepest benches in the league so they get to develop their back ups while Parker gets some rest for the Play-offs
TexanPatriot1::Being the B-team nearly beat the A-team of the Heat....I would agree.
brandonlee561heat22::Hated to see Parker go down like that. Hopefully its nothing serious.
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::Parker will be out for atleast a month on that one judged solely on the way he was writhing in pain and also the way he had to be carried out and his furious writihing of pain throughout!!
mkwan0::Parker should be back in time for the playoffs.  This should let pop develop ndc oe mills some
jpb428::I have Parker in a Fantasy Basketball league. Who will start in place of Parker? Mills??
Trace2010::Thank God that Gary Neal is hurt, or I would be very worried right now.
Trace2010::Probably De Colo.
DalvinSplit::De Colo ,Mills &amp; Joseph   with Manu  will cover that position !!
bulldogsgrizz93::A very well rested Parker for the playoffs. I'm not sure anybody in the west can beat the spurs in a series
Blitzburg119::How do stop a team that has 43 rebounds and 41 assists and eight players score between 12-16. That is a team.   SA might win it all.
SPURZWARS::You does not? It's "you don't stop them!" What an idiot, talks crap &amp; then can't speak English! Habla Espanol? "Sprechen Sie Deutsch"?
DalvinSplit::SIMPLE...................YOU DOES NOT STOP THEM !!'
Complaint Dept.::Lol, typical ignorant troll
Complaint Dept.::Lol
drmcfunk::Don't get ahead of yourself it was the Kings and they were playing a zone and The Spurs are too old to hold out for the whole playoffs (look at last year)
DalvinSplit::What is wrong last year ?? Spurs lost in WCF ???  For god sake that tell you how is  hard to win  every single year !! ?
SPURZWARS::Speaking of "last year," did you graduate fro preschool?
ThunderHornz::I don't understand some of the comments. Haven't the Spurs played many games without one or two or even three of their stars? And kept a very good record in spite of this? I don't think this is the doom and gloom some of you hope for..... Speedy recovery Tony-good health to those still standing!
MijoMartinez::is that what korean singer guy name means? i did not know that
SPURZWARS::Do  you mean psychology? Lol
MijoMartinez::ooooooooo classy lady... and I don't even like psy
SPURZWARS::What gets me is wishing serious injury to a player, I would not do that, because Karma flows both ways!
ThunderHornz::Amen!
No-account drifter::Parker will be fine by the play-offs, and now Pop gets to play with more line-up options while Parker gets some rest.
grizzsuckin4thquarter::Manu can play some backup PG I would bet Patty Mills gets the starting nod.
Rex_Facts::<b>while I feel bad for Tony Parker &amp; SOME of the spurs fans, my lakers have had injuries since the beginning of the season.  Tough losing an ALL-STAR PG for an extended period of time...  Get well soon</b>
I hate Jerry Jones::SPURS have had injuries all season long too...not a big deal when you have a team as deep as SA...I'm just glad TP9 will be back for the PO's, that's all that matters.
SPURZWARS::Finally, a decent Laker fan, slamdunkonyou could learn from this guy. Second, he makes a valid point that injuries have effected the Lakers more than the Spurs, yet he doesn't use it as an excuse. Hoping the sprain on TP is not a severe as it appeared on TV &amp; recovers rapidly!
EATMYPOOPRIGHTNOW::so tired of the spurs with their late injuries wtf
grizzsuckin4thquarter::so tired of trolls
howdythrrr::shutup dude i had to make another handle dick
ShiloInn1985::Parker injured? Neal still out? Not  a good thing for the Spurs, no matter how you spin it.  I don't see why they would want to face Houston, L.A. or even Portland in the 1st Round anyways. Formula for disaster. Utah would be easy pickings for them. Of course, if they fall to 4th and play Denver, that could also be bad so, best to not fall further than 3rd.  Either way, probably not a deal-breaker for the Spurs. Unless Duncan hurts himself trying to make up the slack. Death blow there.
I hate Jerry Jones::Yeah, we heard that before too...."formula for disaster" last year when they faced "the athletic Clippers", then went on to sweep them.  Spurs will be fine - TP9 will be back for the PO's that is all that matters
ShiloInn1985::always better to not have the target on your back in round 1.  spurs should be thankful that they dont do the best of 5 round 1 series anymore.  they would likely have a few more 1st round upsets like they did against memphis.
dirlarsdkdde::Way too many NIGGRS IN basketball nowadays!!!
wakawakawhowantstohearafunnyjoke::how serious is this
ragegabe::Injuries!!!! Welcome bandwagon fans. Once one of the three or pop are out, your done. Oh wait a min, you're already done. Overrated!!!!!!!
MijoMartinez::Bandwagon Spurs Fans? That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard of, and I've heard Kesha.
SteelersSpursDodgers::you obviously don't watch the Spurs much...and overrated would insinuate that people 'rate' the Spurs high. The fact is, they have the best record, so they are No. 1 in the 'standings.'
TexanPatriot1::But you won't know they have the best record, because the media and Obama hates the Spurs.
dog_has_fleas::They are probably the last team with a bandwagon fanbase.
bwp2bruce::The only thing that keeps the Spurs from winning ships is injury bugs.
Lebroncouldcareless::And the heat!
Dukaw12::Please don't always mention Parker's injury. There's nothing to worry - Spurs has many PGs who can take his place. Let's see who's the next pet of Pop. Hope Ginobili get more minutes this time.
Titans_ are_ Oilers::how bad was Parker's injury? or are the details not out yet?
ThunderUpUNCPokes::Hope that Parker has a speedy recovery. Always hate to see a player go down, no matter who they play for.   Unless it's MWP
sportsnu36::Yeah right,I seen you on the Bulls chat laughing when Drose got hurt!
dog_has_fleas::ThunderUpUNCPokes - Uh...no I actually like DRose. Good kid, great player  Not a good kid, cheated on his SATs.
ThunderUpUNCPokes::Uh...no I actually like DRose. Good kid, great player Also. I've only had my account since November. DRose was hurt last season.  Your move, Sherlock
sportsnu36::Heat &gt;&gt; Spurs(what cha gonna say now popeye?)
Dukaw12::SPURS &gt;&gt; heat
TexanPatriot1::Spurs &gt; Sanchez.
dog_has_fleas::If you like I can bring up how they play the Pacers and Knicks, two teams the Heat will have to play in the playoffs.
TPMVPSPURS::haha he says it with confidence with the players rested and TP out with a sprained ankle. he knows better when the spurs are healthy
dog_has_fleas::Didn't they barely win with 4 Spurs starters out?
TexanPatriot1::Almost beat the Heat's A-team.
dog_has_fleas::sportsnu36 - Well since you like to use the word "barely beat" when the Spurs lose,here are a few barely wins I can throw at you.Jan 18 Spurs 98 Hawks 93,Feb 13 Spurs 96 Cavs 95,Feb 22 Spurs 101 Warriors 101 OT,Feb 27 Spurs 105 Suns 101 OT. As if the Spurs blow every team out.And these teams are below average.  Below average wins? Do I need to bring up the below average losses that the Heat have?
sportsnu36::Well since you like to use the word "barely beat" when the Spurs lose,here are a few barely wins I can throw at you.Jan 18 Spurs 98 Hawks 93,Feb 13 Spurs 96 Cavs 95,Feb 22 Spurs 101 Warriors 101 OT,Feb 27 Spurs 105 Suns 101 OT. As if the Spurs blow every team out.And these teams are below average.
dog_has_fleas::sportsnu36 - Didn't Spurs barely beat the slumping Lakers?  Slumping? Pretty sure the Lakers are on the upswing dude. Its cute though, they beat them by 28 in regulation and its no big deal but the Heat take 2 OTs to beat the Kings and they are a "gritty" team. Who will you root for in 2014?
sportsnu36::Didn't Spurs barely beat the slumping Lakers?
dog_has_fleas::So where was all that scoring prowess for Jimmer tonight?
sportsnu36::Heat will crush Spurs
Dukaw12::Spurs will crush Heat
Popeyes Chicken 2.0::Hi again a hole
sportsnu36::Heat &gt; Spurs
Popeyes Chicken 2.0::Hi a hole
Popeyes Chicken 2.0::Bad time to get injured for tp3. This may be our last chance for #5. F#ck you parker for getting injured again. As a spur fan since 95, i f#cking hate this team at times. F#ck my life. Idk how this team is going to beat Lac, Okc Mia, Gsw, etc. w/o him
howdytharr.::NOOOOOOOOOO!!!!
jf20219::Lots of home games coming up and Spurs are deep, it could be worse!
Daryl in San Antonio::just saw replay of TP turning ankle....ugly!!!
DoctorHook66::Merde.
DoctorHook66::Sonics fan here. Sacramento can keep this crap team. The Kimgs are the ugly fat chick nobody wants to be seen with.
No-account drifter::Reminds a person why the Thunder left Seattle in the first place.  Besides, by rights, KC should be next in line, if you want to think that way. Probably would now be a great NBA city. Great entertainment district literally surrounding the arena. I can't figure out why KC gets no love. Kings could even keep the name.
dog_has_fleas::Proves how much Sonics "fans" want an NBA team. We don't want a team because they are bad. We want a championship caliber team gift wrapped to our city, then we will pay attention moderately.
Daryl in San Antonio::No prob...Kings have local ownership in place!
DoctorHook66::Great. Keep them. Sacramento deserves the crap team.
LetsGoMavs 2.0::lol someone is mad their city isn't getting a team
LetsGoMavs 2.0::Sonics were crap also until they moved to OKC. Anyways that sucks Sonics lost the Thunder. I don't know if that even makes sense lol
DoctorHook66::I don't want a crap team - I.e., the Kings.
Daryl in San Antonio::Who starts at point? Neal still out....Ginobili, Mills, deColo, Joseph?????  Spurs have more guys who play PG than anyone in the league!!!!
Dukaw12::No Parker, no problem. Ginobili will take over!
sportsnu36::Yeah,we will see.
la leakers::get well french niqquaaa i wanna see ya in the playoffs baby
