Fookenninja::If Lin stay with the Knicks, Melo will steal the show.  But, if he goes to the Lakers and play with Kobe he will definitely get a lot of respects.  After all, Kobe mentioned he would like Lin to join the team.  And on top of that he will be the main attraction after Kobe pass his prime.  Then, he will pick up where Kobe left off and the Lakers will be Lin's team.  The end!!!!
bchalcyon89::well they traded Fisher, so they need a superstar point guard.
bchalcyon89::and he'll at least be in his home state
Fookenninja::This is what Kobe said  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jo8ciqZmcRU
bchalcyon89::Lin needs to keep his scoring numbers up to make that Volvo contract look good. Carmelo &amp; Woodson is taking Lin's money shot away.
Callin88::For Lin critics who have been trashing his defense endlessly, Lin shut down DRose, literally, for a couple weeks. Rose pulled his hamstring during The Block that Lin pulled on him. Not bad for someone who is supposed to s*ck on defense huh?
bchalcyon89::did you count the numbers of dunks D-Rose lay on the Knicks that night?
DamonHouston24::IF staying infront of your man, deflecting passes, stealing, boxing out and rebounding aint defense. Then what is defense? 3 steals and 3 blocks against chicago? i know yall saw the block jeremy had on Derick Rose!!
DamonHouston24::I think it is safe to say JEREMY LIN should NOT sign with the new york knicks next year. WHY?? , they want to limit his shots to under 10 a game, reduce his minutes so his stats will be average then they will say SEE, WE TOLD YOU HE WOULD JUST BE A MARGINAL PLAYER!!..JEREMY YOU HAVE TO GO ELSEWHERE TO A TEAM THAT WILL LET YOU PLAY TO YOUR FULL POTENTIAL. ALL YOUR FANS WANT YOU TO SUCCEED AND BE AN ELITE PLAYER IN THE NBA!!!..JR SMITH TOOK 12 shots with just 11 pts c'mon man. How can they say JR won this game??  You serious?  how many Assists did JR have? Rebounds? Steals?..Everybody is trying so hard to downplay Jeremy Lin. I just don't get it. He's good, very good. IF staying infront of yo
alin004::During D'Antoni's 8-1 Linsanity run, the Knicks allowed only 90 points per game on 41% opponent shooting, they beat the Mavs, Lakers, Hawks, Jazz, T'Wolves.  D'Antoni wasn't the problem, the LAZY EFFORT from his star players was the problem once they returned. Woodson was on the staff all year, the results now are due to different effort. The Knicks know how to play defense, Carmelo was clearly not playing hard until a few days ago.  He's lazy, a coach killer, the next Vince Carter.
ohio herd::funny how amare said they were playing harder now. What? your a pro you get paid to play hard every night, even if you don't like the coach. Pitiful.
Zamian7833::Woodson is a two face schemer and Liar! Knicks fan, keep him in check!!! If he is made head coach, I bet you my life Linsanity is DEAD!! His favorite boyfriends are still Melo and Davis. You can see a lot of nepotism towards Melo on court. He say Lin is a big part of this team but his action speaks louder than his words
NYCxMonte::The awesome thing is that we only have to pass boston and philly to b the 4TH SEED!! Since we will b a division winner. And if that happens we will most likely play indiana, who we know we can beat now. Go NY!!
Michael38061::Jeremy Lin is the new Dr. J
no1streaker::Lin's definitely got his own style.  Watching him go against Collison, who's considered super quick, you can see that Lin is equally quick, yet he's much bigger than Collison.  So you have a 6'3" 200 pound guy moving as though he's 6 foot 180lbs.  Very effective size for a PG
zero chance::No it isn't.  Harvard is hard to get in but once you're in it's not all that different at the undergrad level.  To be fair JLin got in because he could play basketball and his marks were good enough.  Take away the basketball, and I am not so sure he could have gotten in on marks alone.  Especially since he is Asian, and Asians are discriminated against at most Ivy League schools (believe it or not).
james_h_steiger::Michael, I share your enthusiasm for Lin, but an economics bachelors degree from Harvard is NOT even close to a Ph.D. from "any other college".   Anyone on the Harvard faculty could tell you that.  In fact, there are several departments at Harvard that are not as good as their counterparts elsewhere.
Michael38061::...and an economics degree from Harvard is like a PhD from any other college
Michael38061::I was basically referring to his initial and the new excitement that he's brought to NY and the rest of the NBA
Michael38061::not that way
no1streaker::I wouldn't go that far, nobody elevated like the good doctor
Zamian7833::Obviously No one wants to hate anybody in the Knicks team, BUT please help me understand something here..anyone! Woodson has been with the Knicks and D Anthoni for how long? Wasn't he brought in for his Defense expertise? Why hasn't there been any D before coach D was ousted? Now suddenly after D Anthoni is gone and everybody starts playing defense like theres no tomorrow? D Anthoni expertise was offense and Woodson was on DEFENSE..so what happen?!?!? This whole episode has more suspects and smells fishier than CSI NY!!!
micahcc::NOOOO. as reporter asked Jeremy, he said, "now we have 15 guys buying in...".  that means, someone wasn't buying into MDA's system before.
Zamian7833::Correct! and guess who wasn't buying in?
Callin88::I'm not into conspiracy theories, but you may be onto something here. This has really become the Melodrama, hasn't it? But Lin still rose up, despite being told not to shoot. 10 shots and 19 pts. That's as efficient as it could get. OTOH, Melo is still shooting poorly, for someone who's being called the "greatest scorer in the league" by his fans. I guess the conspiracists didn't consult the basketball god. This could be the second act in the Lin movie: The hero breaks out, the hero is met with resistence/set backs, the hero triumphs in the end. Perfect plot line. :-) Disney, are you watching?
Callin88::I'd rather it's called "Jeremy", sort of like "Rocky". It's an inspirational movie. "The Killing of Linsanity" is too violent and it only covers the second act. We have a third act coming. :P
Zamian7833::"The Killing of Linsanity" Starring Ice Cube as Carmelo Anthoni, Sean Connery as D Anthoni, Delroy Lindo or Chi Mcbride as Woodson, Ving Rhames as Baron Davis. Directed by Spike Lee. Coming soon to a theater near you SONY Pictures
TheHeatIsOnLin::but Knicks fans will tell you it was ALL D'Antoni. Keep in mind this is after they have been blaming Carmelo the last 2 weeks and bash him and Amare for not playing D (which is somehow D'Antoni's fault).   Then simply by firing D'Antoni, Woodson came in and waved his magic wand and now Melo, Amare and the rest of the Knicks want to play defense ignoring, like you mentioned, that Woodson has been here ALL year and was brought in to make them better on D.   So apparently Woodson was brought in to help them on D but really just sat on the bench and offered the team nothing while D'Antoni told them not to play defense.
Zamian7833::Watch Knick vs the Raptor after the last LINNING shot. The whole team was on the court except for Melo &amp; Davis (there was a video specifically pointing out Melo &amp; Davis..somebody please help find it)
Zamian7833::HEY! Whats with the $@%!$@% CAPS and the F word?! Lets say I agree with you that D Anthoni wasn't the greatest of coach..and I'm not supporting him here! I'm simply asking the question: What was Woodson as the Defense EXPERT doing when the Knicks were on a losing streak? If he was doing his job..then who wasn't? So its common sense the blame goes to the player especially the STARS and HUNDREDS of THOUSANDS of fans SAW this! (not from the media) Same coaches and 7 straight win, we don't even have to suspect Melo &amp; Amare, we KNOW they played bad on purpose! Now, the question is whether Woodson had a hand in this backstabbing, double crossing "murder"? Think about it..its very very plausible. Melo was the brain, he wanted to kill Linsanity and offered Woodson the head coach dream so they plotted to get Anthoni out and now Woodson is carrying out his part of the bargain on killing Linsanity by giving BD the startup role, if Davis disn't hurt himself, you think Lin will get a chance? Melo &amp; Davis are a couple of jealous little bi.tches, if you dont believe me, watch the Youtube video during Linsanity when every player was high fiveing Lin, those 2 were on the sideline looking pis.sed  ( (By the way, I was a big Melo &amp; Amare fan before this dirty plot unfolded and I'm not a racist..my Fav were Jordan, Kobe, Shaq, Pippen, LeBron)
TheHeatIsOnLin::not supporting D'Antoni. I just can't stand how Knicks fans are seriously blaming him for everything. NY fans are so fake. During Linsanity everyone was loving the way the Knicks were playing. Then Melo comes back and they start losing and all the sudden it's D'Antoni's fault. D'Antoni took the bullet for the players. The players were not performing. Coaching is important but people are placing too much importance on the coach and not holding the players accountable for quiting on their coach (Melo), not playing good defense (Melo, Amare, Lin) and turnovers (Lin).   Look at Portland. Their team clearly quit on their coach. The game vs NY they looked like they'd rather be anywhere else than playing basketball that night. The coach gets fired and they go out and beat Chicago. Does that mean the new coach is all the sudden better than Nate McMillan? Or are the players putting in more effort?
sam07ny::JEFFRIES AND SHUMPERT PLAYING MORE HAS HELPED THE KNICKS OUT ALOT INSTEAD OF PLAYING BARON AND LIN WOODSON'S PLAYER ROTATIONS ARE BETTER THAN DANTONI .... WHY THE FUCK ARE YOU SUPPORTING DANTONI HE DOESNT CALL TIME OUTS CORRECTLY HIS OFFENSE WAS FUCKING UP MELO'S GAME AND HE DIDNT ADJUST HIS OFFENSE TO THE PLAYERS HE WAS GIVEN .... AND FOR THE RECORD I NEVER BASHED MELO THATS JUST A DUMB PORTION OF KNICKS FANS THAT DO BECAUSE THEY LISTEN TO THE MEDIA
2012marchDancin::GO NEW YORK GO NEW YORK GO   GO NEW YORK GO NEW YORK GO  GO NEW YORK GO NEW YORK GO
sam07ny::Mike Woodson with current Knicks roster and last roster ,(2009-2010 Atlanta hawks), that got swept in the playoffs by Magic ..... Tyson &gt;. Al horford Amare &gt;. Marvin Williams Melo &gt; Josh smith  Landry &lt;. Joe Johnson  Lin  &gt; Mike Bibby 6.jr smith = 6. Jamal Crawford 7. Baron Davis &gt; .7. Jeff Teague (rookie yr. was ineffective) 8.iman Shumpert &gt; 8.Maurice Evans 9. Jared Jeffries =. 9. Zaza pachulia 10. Steve Novak &gt; 10. Joe Smith 11. Josh Harrellson &gt; 11. Jason Collins  12. Mike bibby  = 12. Mario west
TheHeatIsOnLin::unfortunately games aren't won on paper.
TheHeatIsOnLin::3 games buddy, relax. Did you not learn anything from the Linsanity thing? If the Knicks lose thier next 3 games then what will you say?
sam07ny::THEY ARE ON THE SAME PAGE AS WOODSON UNLIKE HIS FORMER TEAM AND HAVE MORE URGENCY
TheHeatIsOnLin::and the Hawks weren't the 8 seed... different season, different players, different teams, different competition. You're the dumb one who thinks that just because on paper this team has more talent than Atlanta that they will go further than the Hawks ever did.
sam07ny::You fucking dumb fuck can't you see that this team is more talented defensively and offensively then the Atlanta hawks the yr. mike Woodson got swept
Dougb-VFL::You gotta love beating the pacers anytime.I remember the old rivalry when Ewing was a knick so I simply can't stand 2 teams and they are the pacers and the heat. I believe in the new coacing staff and I am glad Kenny and Herb are still here. If we keep playing defense like this I don't know if ANY team wants to see us in the playoffs. We have the best all around team in the league and I believe with the way they have responded to our new coach that we will have a ring before Melo's contract expires.
Dougb-VFL::I like the way you think!
ny445::yes sir i agree with u 100% come playoffs if the knicks can beat the heat or bulls first round i would be satisfied with this season i think they can it will deff go to 7 games
thomasg9190::I like where the team is going so far. On a side note, has anyone else seen the 30 For 30 film "The Announcement" with Magic?
tconroy1989::i hope this isn't too reasoned. It might be long. knicks are deep and talented, with many pieces you need to win late. D'Antoni is obviously a good coach, he has won in the reg season w/ his players in his system, we had a plan and Dolan decided to bring in Melo-a very talented player whose skills were not utilized in D'Antoni;s system and his frustration wore the team down. That said, D'Antoni is a stubborn $@%, can't make in-game changes and seems to rely on NBA players to get motivated instead of pushing their buttons a la Phil, Pop or apparently Woodson. Lin is a solid all around pg-can change games but cannot be a consistent top 3 scoring option on a championship team. Melo needs to be the primary offensive option, which will make life easier on the other players. Woodson knows this. this is how i see our lineup.  Melo-alpha dog. end of game scorer. we cannot run every possession through him though but if shot clock runs down-melo time, he needs to be a superstar which means playing his game while incorporating team mates and playing D Chandler-Defensive presence/anchor, rebounder, shot blocker, PnR finisher.  Amar're-second offensive option, needs to hit 16-18footer, run PnR, not be a liability on D. Lin-Ball handler, make the right pass, drive when needed, play decent D. Not top flight PG but with this team can facilitate/lead deep run. Fields-spacing, defense, slashing, easy buckets, open the floor, play D. JR-bench scorer. needs to play D and light up second units, especially when one of the stars has a weak game Shump-Defensive specialist. should run faster O w/ him on court.  Jefferies-Defensive spealist. fit in on O Novak-3 point specialist, gets hot and is devastating Baron  can be a good team. need consistent hard effort-defense leads to offense. run O through melo while keeping others involved.
alin004::"OJ was innocent.   Even though they are 10-23 with him and 8-1 without him, Carmelo tried hard all season and is not a cancer. HOF coach George Karl and D'Antoni hated coaching Melo for no legitimate reasons. Jeremy Lin's PER of 20.6 is 34th in the entire league and best on the Knicks, he's only 23, but he's a marginal player at best because no ch--- can ever be good at basketball."   -Stephen A "the r.acist" Smith
alin004::When the Knicks went 8-1 with ONLY Lin, they held opponents to only 90 points a game on 41% shooting. Wins over the Mavs, Lakers, Hawks, TWolves, Jazz. The defense only fell apart after because Melo is a punk who clearly wasn't trying until recently. Knicks offense is 12 better and defense gives up 12 less when Carmelo is NOT on the court.
mrjiggyfly11::Lin lost to NO without Melo.,
Dougb-VFL::Melo is the reason why we will have a ring within the next 3 years, get over it!
micahcc::I hope you were right.
TheHeatIsOnLin::all this 3 game winning streak proves is that the team mailed it in with D'Antoni as the coach. They knew he was going to take the blame and they'd be fine but now that he's gone it's on them and all the sudden they are playing hard once again.
kayser9soze::I'm still waiting for you to show some proof his teams ever play defense, and you've shown zilch. I'm done arguing even the critics said he was a bad choice to coach the knicks for that same reason. So everyone on earth knows his teams play no defense except for you it seems.
kayser9soze::Again I haven't said jack shh about woodson only you have but ok. I'm done arguing. You've said one thing that's factual everything else is opinion not backed by facts. Guess you know more than everyone else including the analyst..so why are you in the forums and not on tv? Everyone's an expert on espn it seems even when the facts contradict every aspect of their argument. Good day sir..let's see if d'antoni ever coaches a team who can keep their opponent under 100 points at least 20% of the regular season games because it'll never happen...EVER!!
TheHeatIsOnLin::I never said he was a good defensive coach, you are acting like Woodson has waved his magical wand and now they play defense and i've said it's about the players now playing harder.   And defensive efficiency is a TEAM stat, blocks and steals are INDIVIDUAL stats. So i've actually showed you more than you've showed me.
TheHeatIsOnLin::oh and by the way before D'Antoni was fired they were actually ranked 10th in defensive efficiency
TheHeatIsOnLin::thanks for showing you know 0 about basketball. HEY LETS GO PRACTICE BOXING OUT FOR OFFENSIVE REBOUNDS
kayser9soze::Yup turned to insults when you were losing and now wanna take the high road..so typical as stated before good day to you man. Go learn some actual basketball before you continue coming off as the fool you are.
TheHeatIsOnLin::that's never been my argument but thanks for proving that you can read what i write, completely not understand it and just come up with your own conclusion on what i was saying
kayser9soze::Enjoy the rest of your day son..hope he's the next coach of the miami chumps...enjoy not playing defense ever...
kayser9soze::You are you inbred baffoon your whole argument is that he has a defensive minded strategy..funny how you now change your song..an idiot alway thinks he's winning and argument while the outside world sees he just keeps making himself a bigger fool so keep going i'm sitting her laughing at your basketball knowledge which clearly is lesser than that my dog has of the nba.
TheHeatIsOnLin::thanks captain obvious, everyone knows he's an offensive coach and no one is arguing against that. I'm not sitting here trying to prove to you that the Knicks are great on defense or D'Antoni is a great defensive coach. No where did i say that but you seem to be too stupid to understand that.   You seem to think that now that Woodson is the coach he's waved his wand and the Knicks play D when Woodson was there all year and brought in to HELP D'Antoni with the defensive side of the ball.
kayser9soze::You said ranked 10th but not why or how. That number is very deceptive...extremely deceptive. It's like saying I cured cancer with no actual explanation of how and when. As stated the people who get paid to break down his coaching abilities have all said "D'antoni's coaching style is fast paced, score first defense last" and that's an actual quote.
TheHeatIsOnLin::and where did i say they were a defensive juggernaut? Show me 1 post where i said they were a great defensive team under D'Antoni... not once did i say it.
TheHeatIsOnLin::i don't like D'Antoni but i just find it funny that you guys think that just because he's gone all the sudden the Knicks now are great on defense and Woodson is a great coach. It's been 3 games so Woodson hasn't even had enough time to implement his stuff, by his own admission.   So is it more about the effort of the players or the coach? I say the players because clearly Melo wasn't playing as hard under D'Antoni and didn't like playing in that system and now he's trying much harder.
thefinalwhistle::Prove it wrong, the stats are public. Show me what category outside of rebounding the knicks have that makes them a defensive juggernaut under d'antoni as you believe they are. I'll wait..hell bust out the phoenix numbers while you are at it too.
TheHeatIsOnLin::defensive efficiency is a more meaningful stat when evaluating a coach than steals or blocks. Steals and blocks are on the player, not the coach, he's not the one out there causing steals or blocking shots.   And because of Chandler's OFFENSIVE rebounding the Knicks were ranked 10th in DEFENSIVE efficiency... yea that makes a lot of sense.
thefinalwhistle::Kayser don't bother. This guy has his head shoved up his $@%! and is clearly a d'antoni sheep.
kayser9soze::Only because of chandlers offensive rebounding..show me the stats for steals, blocks, and other defensive stats...yup..you won't because they show a conflict with your opinion.
kayser9soze::yet they've kept their opponent under 100 points which they barely ever did under d'antoni but let's skip that fact for your opinion....
TheHeatIsOnLin::if you seriously think you're supposed to box out on offense for offensive rebounds then you know nothing. The defense boxes out, the offense attacks. Go watch any basketball game, there's plenty on today and watch the offensive players trying to get offensive rebounds, they aren't boxing out guys, they are going to the ball and attacking.
TheHeatIsOnLin::wow you are dumb. You don't box out on offense. You box out on defense. If you had a coach teach you to box out on offense then you had a terrible coach. Offensive rebounding is about attacking, defensive rebounding is about boxing out.   And thanks for bringing up Rodman because he himself says the key to offensive rebounding is understanding the where the ball will land and attacking. His own words in one of his books.
kayser9soze::Boxing out is what? Offense? Since when? lol...since when is boxing out not defense? WIthout boxing out no team gets defensive or offensive rebounds so nobody is guarding when the ball is in the air even if its your team shooting it? Really...ok..seriously go pick up a basketball strategy book and learn something..rodman was a defensive genius for this soul purpose when he was in detroit but ok..you young kids don't know shhh about ball.
TheHeatIsOnLin::offensive rebounding is an offensive practice. Maybe if you'd played basketball you'd know that. Offensive rebounding is completely different than defensive rebounding in the strategy and techniques used. And yes i've played organized ball, was the defensive player of the year in my county when i played.   Offensive rebounding is not about boxing out. That's defensive because you're trying to guard against the offensive rebound and control the area. For offensive rebounding you don't box out the defense idiot. You attack the basket and go for the ball unlike on defense where you find a man first to put a body on.  But thanks for further proving you clearly don't know basketball.
kayser9soze::Offensive rebound is a defensive practice, you might want to go back to basics..because playing defense is part of boxing out your opponent to put your team in position to get rebounds so while it is offense it all starts with boxing out which is a defensive move while on offense formation...guess you never actually played organized ball with an actual decent coach.
TheHeatIsOnLin::Offensive rebounds = offense you idiot... notice the word OFFENSE   And once again, all you keep doing is bringing up individual stats which is on the players not the coach.  If Dwight Howard blocks 5 shots, it's not because Stan Van Gundy is a great defensive coach. The Bulls are ranked 17th in blocked shots, so they must not be a good defensive team then right?
kayser9soze::Everything...but you don't get it..steals = defense, blocks=defense, offensive rebounding = defense. Pick up an nba how the game is played book you might learn something.
TheHeatIsOnLin::he's yet to trump me. What do blocks and steals have to do with the coach? That's an individual player stat. If Dwight Howard blocks 5 shots is that because of Stan Van Gundy? No  But defensive efficiency speaks to the whole team defense, not just individual stats.
thefinalwhistle::You clearly are a stubborn fool, the guys case is based as a head coach of this current team. Yet Kayser has trumped you on every argument if you really want to be real about it. He asked you for the individual stats you gave a general one.
TheHeatIsOnLin::actually it's Knicks under D'Antoni vs Knicks under Woodson. Your argument is that with Woodson as the coach they play defense and didn't with D'Antoni.   And you obviously don't know the NBA because Mike Woodson isn't a new coach. He was the head coach of the Atlanta Hawks for 6 years.
kayser9soze::The debate isn't woodson its d'antoni that redirecting of the topic only works on morons...woodson is a new coach...with not much of history to lean on..d'antoni on the other hand has had a 5 year stint as head coach..much larger resume to see what his traditional standard of coaching is..and historically all d'antoni's teams have been amongst the worse defenders in the nba...show me otherwise or keep it moving.
TheHeatIsOnLin::and show me where Woodson took a team to the conference finals? Last i checked D'Antoni took a team there 2 years in a row.  And again, Woodson was brought in this year to help the D. So you're basically insinuating that D'Antoni basically ignored Woodson and Woodson was basically there to sit on the bench and do nothing.
kayser9soze::Ok show me one season where d'antoni has coached a team whose average opponent game score wasn't 100 plus points by the opponent...d'antoni's teams have historically been the worse defensive teams of the season in the NBA..opinions are fine but facts are concrete..D'antoni's idea of coaching is telling you to score more than the other guy...fast break only teams do not play defense..that is also a fact...
TheHeatIsOnLin::Woodson's been there all year buddy. It's not like he was brought in to sit there and do nothing. So if he's so great then why didn't it show earlier in the year. D'Antoni isn't telling the guys to not play defense. Its about effort. They knew D'Antoni was a lame duck coach and they showed no effort.   and by the way, Indiana put up 100, but keep sipping the Kool aid
nbafan22222::I still would like to see Carmelo &amp; Stat step up more and make me feel like the Knicks are getting their money's worth.  It's obvious that Jeremy is the best buy for them.
alin004::"OJ was innocent.   Carmelo tried hard all season and is not a cancer. HOF coach George Karl and D'Antoni hated coaching Melo for no legitimate reasons."   -Stephen A "the r.acist" Smith
Cool Sun 13::George Karl and Melo led the Nuggets to consecutive playoff appearances and the conference finals. The media made it seem like they hated each other but they were great together. I think Woodson is just what the Knicks needed to turn things around.
TheHeatIsOnLin::Other than 1 year the Nuggets never got out of the first round. George Karl is much happier coaching the guys he has now than Carmelo.
Cool Sun 13::This is exactly what I expected, Melo was not the problem. People need to lay off his nuts, D'antoni was the REAL reason for the losses, defense wins championships. I hope Woodson will continue to play Bibby off the bench even after B-Davis comes back, Davis is team virus who hurts the team more than he helps.
TheHeatIsOnLin::Melo WAS the problem. He wanted nothing to do with playing in D'Antoni's system and now that D'Antoni is gone he knows he doesn't have a safety net to take the heat off of him. Melo tanked on D'Antoni and now he knows if he doesn't turn it around he's gone next.
alin004::Melo clearly didn't try hard before, he WAS the reason they lost
TheHeatIsOnLin::Woodsanity? Now Knicks fans are back on the bandwagon and they will win the title... until they go on another 5 game losing streak and everyone jumps off the bandwagon once again.
lebron should of went to jared 1::linfered lights
kayser9soze::D'antoni please take note...the knicks are playing defense and winning...perhaps you might want to actually demand your next team play actual defense...
TheHeatIsOnLin::has nothing to do with D'Antoni and everything to do with guys actually playing hard because they know THEY are now accountable instead of having a coach that was going to take the heat for them before. Now Carmelo knows it's all on him. Before he looked like he was hardly trying and just couldn't wait for D'Antoni to be gone.
TheHeatIsOnLin::and once again, hard to play defense when you show no effort and aren't playing your hardest. If you think Woodson has some magical defensive touch then where was it all year... after all he was brought in to be a defensive assistant. It's not like D'Antoni says, "hey guys, don't worry about playing defense."   They just showed no effort
kayser9soze::and apparently they now play defense which was my whole argument which you trolled on and didn't even address...how many times under d'antoni did the knicks hold an opponent under 100 points? Exactly...troll on...
a_real_sports_fan::d'antoni was never a good coach. once upon a time he could put together a good offense. He could never construct a good defense though. the knicks are better off.
sam07ny::.
no1streaker::I think the real problem was a personality conflict between him and Melo, and he just didn't have control of the team.  Dantoni never wanted Melo on the team (dint' watn the trade), and when things get rough, and Melo is being blamed for the losses, the little personal riffs become big ones.  The players play harder for Woodson, I do believe.
sam07ny::Mike Woodson with current Knicks roster and last roster ,(2009-2010 Atlanta hawks), that got swept in the playoffs by Magic ..... Tyson &gt;. Al horford Amare &gt;. Marvin Williams Melo &gt; Josh smith  Landry &lt;. Joe Johnson  Lin  &gt; Mike Bibby 6.jr smith = 6. Jamal Crawford 7. Baron Davis &gt; .7. Jeff Teague (rookie yr. was ineffective) 8.iman Shumpert &gt; 8.Maurice Evans 9. Jared Jeffries =. 9. Zaza pachulia 10. Steve Novak &gt; 10. Joe Smith 11. Josh Harrellson &gt; 11. Jason Collins  12. Mike bibby  = 12. Mario west
TheHeatIsOnLin::If Woodson was such a great coach he woulda been a head coach at the start of this year. He looked like a great coach when the Hawks were getting blown out every game in the playoffs.
sam07ny::Ummm and Woodson is a wayyyyy better coach he calls timeouts when montemum shifts he screams at players when they miss an assignment he substitutes at the right time all things DAnPhony didn't do
puckthemediamachine::lin fans=tebow fans &lt; bieber fans
no1streaker::I woke up from a hard night of partying and saw the box score.  it seems the game was won by the second-teamers, who had a +/- average of +13.  But on closer inspection of the stats, the second-teamers only shot 10/34 which is 29% shooting... so the Pacers' second teamers must have really sucked badly
leebo1975::same.  awesome st. paddy's day!
2012marchDancin::I hear ya.  Long night of partying then woke up and saw the box score
no1streaker::the Knicks also got to the line a lot more than the Pacers, 40-27, which is unusual for a road team to get all the calls.  We all know the refs have a huge impact on every game, so... good job, refs, you gave the win to the right team
zero chance::The Knicks attacked the basket, that's why the fouls are called.
OptimusPrime4.0::Mike Dantoni was a horrible coach for the knicks as we all can see now....
DidYouSeeThat36::Only 3 games in...I don't care for Dantoni, but to his defense...The team doesn't instantly change philosophies and playing styles.
King James is the most talented basketball player EVER::Why is melo only taking  12 shots a game?
myaulin::why do you think they are winning
cheff6::It is called a team game. If he needs to take 20-25 shots he will....if they are winning big he doesn't need to chuck it up.
DidYouSeeThat36::Too simple an explanation, must be asking because his fantasy basketball team is sucking
cheff6::This team is about to take off. Watch out eastern conference we about to take it.
cyphen2005::eastern conference sucks anyways... WNBA cld make the 8th seed
dacowboys2012::knicks half a game better than the bucks
nicolet2013::knicks aren't in the playoffs right now -- bucks are
sumbrownkid::Knicks will get swept by a fully healthy bulls squad.
giftedhands67::Lol. Knicks beat the pacers while shooting 40% from the field and you think they're gonna take the EC. Schyea right.
EasyRun18::NBA playoffs brackets as of today: Bulls vs Knicks =&gt; Knicks likely beat Bulls  =&gt; Knicks vs Pacers =&gt; Eastern Conference  Pacers vs Philly=&gt; Pacers beat Philly  Miami v s Boston &amp; Orlando vs Atlanta
ndunks::yeah right knicks beating the bulls
cheff6::Where is Steven A. now? Hater.
Callin88::You asked the question I want to ask. :-) Calling a player with a Player Efficiency Rating of 20.6, highest on Knicks and 33rd highest in the entire league, as "marginal player" and "backup at best" is blind and tone deaf. Steven A. Smith absolutely has no credibility. I'm switching channels everytime he shows his face. Hey, Smith, Lin has a higher FG% than your boy Melo. Why would Melo get more shots? Just so he can miss more shots?
sumbrownkid::Not giving into the new York hype train.
boom.shaka.::server glitch or slash happy mod?
19GoNY87::JR Smith is a total chucker
boom.shaka.::WOODSANITY!!!!
stone419::LINNABLE!
PlayaMade5::Lol...why do Knicks fans STILL bring up the win vs the Lakers, I'm a Lakers fan and can tell you that the win wasn't a quality win, Lakers always get beat on the road, and it seems like PG's gain superpowers when they play us, hell J.Jack scored 30 on us last week, but now we go Sessions so its good
sumbrownkid::The reason they get over excited is because the season for the Knicks was garbage for the most part.  If you go on a three win streak, and there are only 20 so games left, and you are the 8 seed clinging on, which LA isn't, then the Knicks suck in the end.
jhovis_99::my point exactly!  knicks fans r getting excited over beating the pacers cuz theyre 7 games over .500,  these same fans said the lakers and dallas were not quality wins even tho their records are/were comparable.  if the pacers are a quality win thenthe lakesr and dallas have to be
2012marchDancin::your right.  it was just a reg season win.  not that big of a deal
ImInMiamiBeach::so basically "you think you're good because you beat us?.. everybody beats us!"
venerican1::wow your posts get more and more retarrded. look at your fan base. texas tech, phily eagles, lakers, and virginia tech? how do those teams even correlate?
PlayaMade5::Thats exactly what I'm saying, still on the same win for a month.....lol let it go
Rdiu::i think more like " we are Lakers , we're suck , everyone beat us"
jhovis_99::fortunately for the knicks theres probably 10 college teams and a handful of high school teams good enought to grab the 8 seed in the east, so it wont take much for them to make the playoffs.
legacyreaper32::At least Mike Woodson is consistent with his ground rules.  Some consistency and a friendly schedule definitely helps.  It is a little too late though, considering the horses have already left when the barn doors were closed.    That recent 10-game losing streak against quality teams showed what chances NY has in beating quality opponents come playoff time - close to zero.
jhovis_99::during their streak when lin started playing, all the haters said they hadnt played anyone good even tho they beat the lakers and dallas.  now those same guys r saying theyre awesome cuz dantoni is gone, who have they beat during this streak?  nobody, so why are people getting excited now?
jhovis_99::beat the team with the best record minus the reigning mvp, thats impressive lol
pokamah::GOOD, if the 76ers, celtics, pacers, n bucks KEEP LOSING LIKE THIS, KNICKS will be CREEPING UP THE CHART.
vplaskan1::The Bulls without their reigning MVP did beat the 76ers just last night, and oh yeah they also beat this team called the Miami Heat without him as well, so they are still pretty good.
Giants-Knicks-R-back::pacers in 5th place.
joeman1146::and they have a combines like 330 points in 3 games and held the teams under 90 in all 3...... i did not look these stats up, i am making them up from memory.. so i am not 100% accurate.. but its something close to that. and that is very very very good. they are playing great team basketball and great team defense.
stone419::the first pacer game the pacers scored 100, but they got alot of garbage time points
vplaskan1::Beat the Pacers on back to back nights, they are 7 games over .500, and a Portland team that beat the team with the best record in the NBA the very next game for them, so it is a good starting point for us.
TheHeatIsOnLin::did you really just bring up Portland as a quality win??? Wow! Everyone in the NBA knew Portland had quit on their coach. Anyone who watched that game could see Portland wanted nothing to do with that game.
ImBeingSoSerialRightNow::my poop was green today
reguster1881::what's yellow and black and you never get it back?
hapatino::The corn s%&amp;t always freaks me out....
zeekling::LoL!!!!!!!!
2012marchDancin::a sh!it after eating corn that gets flushed
ImBeingSoSerialRightNow::if your $@%! is black you should probably see a doctor immediately
ImBeingSoSerialRightNow::something expensive within reach of a UCONN basketball player?
reguster1881::that'd be shiny and black and you never get it back
Geech63::@hapatino im not a Knick fan but I like the players on the team and im rooting for them to be good..Im a Bulls fan..I think they could definitely beat anybody from seeds 3-7 in the playoffs and give Miami and Chicago a good series
hapatino::Thats fine @Geech  - however, @2012 mentioning they could have as good or better talent than MIA or CHI is ridiculous. Thinking they could win the whole thing is even more ridiculous.
2012marchDancin::I heard the same talk you just said months ago with the NY GGGGGGGGmen.  And everyone who said that had to look back at the dumb comments they made while I celebrated with Tuck Osi EEEEEEEEli Manningham Nicks Jacobs Cruz Rolle Coughlin
vplaskan1::Why is it ridiculous? Did you think the Mavericks had the most talent or best team last year?
2012marchDancin::They have just as good, if not better talent then MIA or CHI and they have more experience on the team then those 2 teams.  They can beat them and win the whole thing
vplaskan1::Hopefully Philly will continue to stumble and we continue to play well, so we don't have to see you guys until the 2nd round.
jhovis_99::i think its funny that dantoni is gone and now all of a sudden melo is playing within the system taking 10-15 shots instead of his usual 25-30
joeman1146::the chemistry felton and amare had was the best i have ever seen. if you kept that team plus chandler and amare they would be number 1 right now
Whats The Spread::Melo is a cancer and that was an awful trade getting Melo
whatsdoing::Knicks were a .500 team when Melo came over.... it is not like they dismantled jordan's bulls team.
Geech63::Melo hadnt taken that many shots since January
1PKr::Ya people are saying he tanked
1PKr::It's always a bad day to be an Indiana fan tho ever since Reggie left lol
ImBeingSoSerialRightNow::Indiana didn't know it had an Asian population until yesterday.  It was the most dangerous day to be on the road in Indiana history.
koolaid408::its a dangerous day everyday  if your not white in indiana, Reggie miller almost got killed out there.  Indiana just another racist state in America.
Tyson Chandler The Beast::I live in Indianapolis, and its obvious you have never been here. Indy is full of black, asian, mexican and even indian people. Talk what you know.
whatsdoing::HA
ImBeingSoSerialRightNow::ESPN just fired me.
whatsdoing::this is a terrible thing to say....  but very very funny
ZenSufi::Lindiana
whatsdoing::we are doing that again?
ImInMiamiBeach::Lindeed
ImBeingSoSerialRightNow::... by way of playing the crappy pacers twice.
ImBeingSoSerialRightNow::Pacers are crappy because they can only beat crappy teams.  Anytime they play a team with a winning record they get blown out.
vplaskan1::Nope, I don't really need to feel better about them, just happy that we won the last 3 looking forward to the next one to see if we can continue playing well.
ImBeingSoSerialRightNow::Are you upset that this chat isn't making you feel better about your knicks.  Reality sucks huh?
vplaskan1::Nope, just trying to help you out, when you post something you should probably make sure it is correct, if not you look a little silly.
ImBeingSoSerialRightNow::oh, i'm sorry, did I ask you to do that?
vplaskan1::Here is a fun homework assignment for you: Read your original post again. It states anytime they play a team with a winning record, they get blown out, all I did was show you some examples where you are wrong.
ImBeingSoSerialRightNow::I'll help you out...  it's more than an average of ten points.
ImBeingSoSerialRightNow::Here's a fun homework assignment for you:  Take away the one win against those teams and total up their loss differential for all the other times they played those teams.
vplaskan1::The Pacers have beat the Bulls, Magic, Celtics, 76ers, Lakers, Mavericks, all this year. Those seem like pretty good teams to me.
Geech63::Pacers beat Bulls and were considered a good team and people thought they could beat the Bulls in the playoffs..now they're crappy because they got run off the floor twice by the Knicks lol
vplaskan1::Isn't it funny how that always happens? Before the game- Knicks suck, they can't beat whoever they are playing, the team they are playing is a good team, Knicks only beat bad teams. Then the Knicks win and after the win- wow congrats Knicks fans, you just beat another bad team, you can't beat good teams. It is strange how this always happens.
springfresh33::They have been over .500, Knicks havent even gotten over .500.
1PKr::Melo wants a ring, I don't think he's a selfish player. He just has to prove he's worth his contract tho so ...
Geech63::Everyone keeps saying Knicks suck and will barely make it to the playoffs..ummm they're only 4 games out of first place in their division so by Sunday they could potentially be in the 4th seed in the east..Im jus sayin
hapatino::The Bucks, Cavaliers, and Pistons are LESS than 4 games behind the Knicks. The Knicks could also be in like 12th place in the East in a week lol. Just saying.....
hapatino::Maybe they do. Im not saying they cant make the playoffs. However, do you think they can beat Chicago or Miami 4 out of 7. If you do, you are a blind Knick fan. This is why I believe the Knicks are irrelevant this season,
Geech63::your absolutely right..never said they couldnt ..but to jus assume they make barely make the playoffs is crazy when they have 20 games left
