RyGuy102093::lol 193 comments......
Hi i love my bike::lol, I was just about to say the same thing but then I read your comment, lol. 194 now...
Maverick Man 33::3 solid plays for today!! picks were 5-1 for wednesday email me if interested: bakkerwillson@gmail.com
Rattmausch::I like this board today compared to when the Bucks play Miami, Chicago, LA, New York, Boston, Atlanta, etc.  because I don't have to hear that small market big market bull crap and how the NBA should fold teams like the Bucks..blah blah blah.. It's good to read comments about basketball instead of insults and smack talk.
badger972::Poor Jon.
clmlo::So is stephen jackson back to getting the minutes at sf now or what?
Packers3821::you never know with that idiot coaching them. Skiles should never have been a head coach, hed make a good defensive assistant on any team, just doesnt belong as a head coach, at least in the nba. the sooner The bucks realize this and fire him the sooner they can get back to the playoffs.
Bill_Ontario 436.1::DeRozan is my favorite baller on the Raptors right now since Carter days.
bernotas22@yahoo.com::jonas valanciunas mix here http://www.youtube.com/watch?NR=1&amp;feature=endscreen&amp;v=rq5C93nw-e8
Son of a Raptor::Great to see DeRozan have a great game... against an actual good team... hopefully he can string more than 1 good game in a row
bernotas22@yahoo.com::just wait till this guy comes to the raptors next year http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c2nqy4EhpXM
Packers3821::yeah i like him, Toronto got a good player in the draft for once. he'll be a difference maker next year
bernotas22@yahoo.com::i don't think you deserve to continue to live with the $@%!$@%! things you have stated just wait though jonas gonna dominate
Son of a Raptor::... i don't think that deserves a response
bernotas22@yahoo.com::i don't think the nba ready for jonas he's gonna dominate the crap outta the league
bernotas22@yahoo.com::not against americans but lithuanins are clearly better at basketball and actually know how to win why do you think a country of 3 million does so well in basketball
Son of a Raptor::not against lithuanian ballers but wait til he sees how they do things in america...
bernotas22@yahoo.com::these dumb niggeerss get raped by jonas who btw shoots 70 percent in europe and destroyed team usa just ask those dumb blacks like patric young who had to guard jonas
bernotas22@yahoo.com::jonas does not play soft dumb $@%!$
Son of a Raptor::euros play too soft... we need a post scorer
bernotas22@yahoo.com::are you on crack they will get a lottery pick and still have jonas
Son of a Raptor::or Kidd Gilchrist..... mmmmm plz rape me
bernotas22@yahoo.com::and perry jones is nothing compared to jonas
bernotas22@yahoo.com::jonas is a defensive player dummy
Son of a Raptor::I'd rather get someone like Perry Jones... we've got the elite Euro scoring big man already
bernotas22@yahoo.com::rookie of the year and will lead the raptors to the championship avg 26 points 13 boards 6 assists and 3 blocks a game
bernotas22@yahoo.com::jonas is going to be the best bigman in the nba
bernotas22@yahoo.com::jonas is lithuanian $@%!$@%
Son of a Raptor::no more euros plz
bernotas22@yahoo.com::raptors need Jonas Valanciunas out there
3ptsallday33::Were the Raptors wearing their camo uniforms for this game cuz that would be awesome, it would be like their deer hunting.
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Except the deer beat the raptor tonight. Raptor couldn't catch up.
Pujols sold out.::Bucks play good teams well, but play bad teams poorly. Except for the Bulls, they just whoop on us.
3ptsallday33::Andrew Bogut who? If Gooden keeps playing this way then it was a good thing Bogut got injured.
Packers3821::Bogut is the only center on that team, they need him back.
badger0130::Gooden's played very well but he doesnt box out a guy or rebound like bogut
badger0130::Calderon looks like Cosmo Kramer
Pujols sold out.::I like Calderon, he is a solid PG
EEDUARDO4689::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5mgDObq7hWU
ignasm::Congrats to Bucks fans... Raps got to bounce back ASAP, we need some wins
Pujols sold out.::"I'd play for the Bucks"  - Dwight Howard
stephen31400::i once clogged a toilet in toronto
nin3rs07::Thanks for $200 Bucks! clickety clank in my piggy bank
nin3rs07::Line was only 1 1/2. What a mistake by Vegas. If brandon could actually shoot today, it wouldnt have bee even this close
nin3rs07::No, I knew the bucks would win this one. They had some good momentum last few games and just couldnt finish. Against these hapless Raptors, I knew they wouldnt miss that chance tonight
CoryJBogie::With Bargnani out I guess a nice play. What was the line. Bucks are so schizo though.
CoryJBogie::should double up on a coin flip, which essentially this game was
grandmaster297::Why is Ilyasova not playing?
Rattmausch::He plays hard but he's gun shy.  He never drives to the basket to dunk and draw fouls, he has terrible ball handling skills, he sits around the perimeter too much, yes, he'll make 3's but he needs to be a little better on the offensive side of the ball, I mean, he's a good defensive player: good rebounder, good hustle but Ilyasova has a lot to work on offensively.
WCBalla310::Thank you to. I was wondering why he wasn't playing.
grandmaster297::Thank you
Pujols sold out.::back spasms
CoryJBogie::back spasms
ignasm::Raps had too many guys that went cold this game, it could have been a nice win otherwise
Pujols sold out.::Skiles deserves a right hook to the face.
alixcat123::Howard, Hedo, and Steven Jackson to the Lakers, Bynum and Drew Gooden + picks to Orlando, Pau Gasol and World Peace to Milwaukee.
Packers3821::take hedo away from that deal, lakers send world peace to magic, and make the lakers give up 1 first to orlando and 1 to milwaukee then i honestly think its a good deal. I wouldnt mind seeing Gasol in a bucks uniform.
CoryJBogie::World Peace would start a war if traded to Milwaukee
Pujols sold out.::No thanks...
nfcnorthchamps25::at least its a W
badboycrew13::why dont they play leuer more? wtf? he atleast plays defense and hustles
badboycrew13::ya no kidding skiles needs to go
CoryJBogie::Actually I think he's kind of a defensive liability at this point which is why he doesn't play more
nfcnorthchamps25::I agree he is pretty bad on d but he still should play a little more than he does.
Pujols sold out.::No idea. It doesn't pay to try and understand what goes through Skiles' mind.
CoryJBogie::Gotta make these free throws
Pujols sold out.::Sanders needs less playing time... more of Leuer or Harris would be nice...
Rattmausch::Larry Sanders in my opinion is one of the worst players in the NBA, he's awful!
Edward4515::Hes getting about the same as them which is almost non existent these days.
CoryJBogie::I understand he can play a little defense but he's such a spaz crackhead otherwise.
Pujols sold out.::That's a good way to describe him haha.
CoryJBogie::99 91 :48 left
CoryJBogie::ESPN is way behind on my machine
Pujols sold out.::Oh you're right. Sorry.
Pujols sold out.::No need to report the scores lol, it's listed above...
fpny1024::i still have 85/91
CoryJBogie::97 89 Bucks
fpny1024::score any1?
r89110::score espn sucks
bsmithsonian::Why isn't Ilyasova playing?
laketd::poop - he was a nice rebounder for my fantasy team
CoryJBogie::Back spasms
Raptorsfan080::LET GOOOO RAPSSS
nin3rs07::i got 200 on bucks -2. cmon guys!! if only jennings can get hot soon
fpny1024::ditto gl
Pujols sold out.::Anyone else hate Udrih?
Pujols sold out.::Sanders is an idiot...
CoryJBogie::I like him way better than Dooling
Pujols sold out.::Yeah these forums are slow for some reason....
CoryJBogie::Supposed to be the reply to the Udrih question.
CoryJBogie::Larry Sanders is no doubt one of the worst players in the league. He can't even catch the ball half the time. Fumbles it around. EJ-esque but worse which is comical. He'll be out of the league soon.
CoryJBogie::Ha, Larry talking trash, too funny
Pete Venkman::Stephen Jackson should be traded for a draft pick
Edward4515::Who'd take him? Late 1st or 2nd round pick.
CoryJBogie::Jennings could be good if he just had an average shot. It's so brutal. Knuckle ball corkscrew rotation. Don't even know how that is possible. And he's too weak to finish at the rim in traffic. Sometimes can hit that floater in the lane but not consistently. Has looked a little better this year but he'll end up under 40% again by end of season.
bklekker67::I've bet on sports for a few years and have tried a few different handicappers with no luck. I was googling sports betting system and found a site called www.sportsbettingstar.com . I have been playing this system for about 2 months now and have made more profit using this system than any others that I have tried in the past. It is a double down system but has made me more $ than many. Hope this helps bettors out there not having any luck
Pujols sold out.::Bucks are so sloppy it makes me want to punch Skiles right in the face.
Pujols sold out.::The Bucks are $@%!
Mulla0722::1-7 BJ3 :-(
stephen31400::raptors best 8-18 team
Pujols sold out.::GO BUCKS!
yodaspeaks::That Bulls game shook BJ.
lts.smackk::get bu<b></b>ckk
JHCASHION::DUNLEAVY IS BACK BABY!!!!
yodaspeaks::Dunleavy is ballin.  Hope he knee holds up.
Milwaukee Bucks.::OK THIS BOARD IS BORInG ME WHERE IS ALL THE BUCKS FANS!!!!!
CoryJBogie::"All the Bucks fans" - Good one
yodaspeaks::Im a newbie Bucks fan.  forgive me.
Milwaukee Bucks.::7 point lead at half. Not to bad with the way are defense is
Milwaukee Bucks.::yea Bucks basketball has changed quite a bit the past week.
Mulla0722::I never would have dreamed the Bucks would score 56 in a half with BJ3 only scoring 2.
