Rosstafarian5371::So Bobcats are officially the worst team in basketball, wow sucks to say but with the way MJ has been putting this team together how could you expect anything else? We need help on both ends of the court, offense is stagnate and defense just soft and weak. I feel like if we just had 2 or 3 more pieces this team wouldn't suck as bad and we might be able to salvage something out of this season, but at this point does anyone even care? and yes Michael im lookin' at you. SO who are we taking number #1? im going to go head and say Austin Rivers.
Zach4panthers::Agree, this franchise has been poorly run since it came into the league. The one year we were okay Gerald Wallace an Stephen Jackson carried us to one playoff and then we get rid of them. Wasted draft picks year after year... Maybe we should draft someone like Adam Morrison since he ended up being Larry Bird and everything
FranciscoKern::Blazer fans thank you for Gerald Wallace.  :-)  I hate to say it but as an owner Michael Jordan may be the closest thing possible to Donald Sterling.
IFlySheep::I try looking at this team to find some sort of hope. Seriously the only talent I see right now is DJ Augustin. Drastic changes have to take place. Trading away Wallace and Jackson was a terrible choice. Maggette? That's who you got to put up the points? Really? First and foremost, Silas has to go. The man could put a rock to sleep. Absolutely 0 ability to inspire a team. Every postgame interview it's the same thing, "We're too soft." We need a head coach who isn't going to accept this type of play. Then we need to wipe the slate clean on the roster. Keep DJ, Kemba, Bismack, Henderson and maybe Mullens. That's about it. We need a defensive center. We have to get a physical, tall center who forces teams to stay outside and can post up well against Howard, Bynum, Gasol etc... Next we need a true SG. Someone who will blow past someone guarding too close and shoot the 3 when they're playing too soft. PF and SF, both need to be primarily rebounders at this point. The team needs to establish a tough, gritty, possession mentality. This is so pathetic I can barely turn on the TV to watch. Is it sad that I even tune in?
tjbeach71::Dear Mr. Jordan,  In case you did not know the Bobcats are a joke. I am born and raised in North Carolina and will always pull for teams in my state. But it is depressing trying to even pull for this team. I would like to know how  you, Mr. Jordan, the greatest star athlete of all time cannot figure out that you need a star in basketball to be relevant. Teams that  win have great players. Heat, Lakers, Mavericks, Celtics, OKC, Chicago, etc. all have great players which is why they are good. You have been a great basketball player but learn to spend your money. You have to spend money in order to win basketball games. You had a decent team on the rise in 2010 but traded all of the players. You drafted DJ Augustine then draft Kemba Walker several years later. What gives? This team will never climb out of the cellar of the NBA with these moves. Search for a star. Someone that makes people want to go see basketball games. Until then enjoy losing money.    Sincerely, T.J.
Jeff072092::While you are at it Mr. Jordan, please for the love of god find a way to get the Hornets name back.  You will be forever loved in Charlotte.
BlackChick1987::I hope the Wizards can win against Houston. Hope is the key word.
mauricclarettisinnocent::YOU GUYS SUCK
sportsfanbp1::And with the first pick in the NBA draft...
IFlySheep::Agreed, I don't see any insane talent coming out of college this year. Makes me sad for my team's future.
sportsfanbp1::no great players in the draft that can turn around a franchise.  sorry Bobcats.    Jared Sullinger reminds me of Glen Davis or maybe Hansborough.  not impressed with Harrison Barnes.
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::"If you draft me, you'll never regret it." - Kwame Brown  Let's be real, when not on the court and in the game, Jordan is terrible. This team, like mtransom said, have ZERO front office skills. Go to the playoffs and trade away the pieces that got you there. It's like the Marlins, except when the Marlins tore their team down after making the playoffs, they won the whole thing.  I could see Charlotte asking Stern to trade the entire Hornets franchise for the entire Bobcats franchise (Jordan and all). At least this way when New Orleans loses their NBA team (it's inevitable), the people of Charlotte can get the team they truly love back.
mtransom::The Bobcats are a joke of a franchise. It is beyond difficult to be a fan of this team. They make the playoffs in '10 and what does the front office do? They trade every key player that got us there. Gerald Wallace and Raymond Felton have Portland in prime position to make the playoffs, Tyson Chandler goes to the Mavericks and becomes the missing piece they needed to win the NBA Championship, Stephen Jackson leaves and continues to show he can contribute on a nightly basis, and what do the 'Cats have to show for it? ABSOLUTELY NOTHING. What a disgrace
Jeff072092::Don't forget about the drafting of Sean May and Adam Morrison.   The release of Shannon Brown only to watch him become a highlight reel in LA.   The trading of Emeka Okafor for Tyson Chandler, then the letting go of Tyson Chandler.  This team is pathetic.  I hate to say it, but I dont see them remaining in Charlotte for more than 3 years.
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Jordan doesn't know a think about business, management or scouting.
csun101::live updates from over 2000 sportswriters --- http://www.fancloud.com/nba/nbachat
NUNIKORI::I am a Wizards fan and I still want Andray Blatche &amp; Nicky Young to be traded and for McGee to grow up.
mh1404::Jordan is a tool .. always has been .. His HOF speech was a disgrace, nice Hitler mustache.. loser
matthustontexans::I cover the Wiz over at WizofAwes.com, take a look at my recap from tonights game Wiz fans!  http://wizofawes.com/2012/01/25/wizards-prevail-wittman-debut/
East Rotterdam::charlotte--as hapless as the lowly wizards---both franchises are terrible.  congrats to michael for assembling this powerhouse!
velvis08::Man the Bobcats continue to be the laughing stock of the NBA.  So glad our owner cleared up that cap space cause we're gonna sign all those big name free agents that are so desperate to come to the Bobcats.  LOL  God what a joke.    I said last night the Hornets gutted Charlotte and killed the NBA here forever.  There was no reason whatsoever to put another team here.  I have no idea why Stern did that.  A little research would have told him Charlotte was done with the NBA.  I sincerely wish they'd just pick up this crap franchise and just abolish it or dump it on some other city.  We don't need them, we don't want them, they need to be, umm, what's that word, contracted?  Yeah that's it.  Seriously, if they announced tomorrow that the Cats had been contracted I doubt you could find anyone in town who even knew Charlotte still had an NBA team.  I'm not kidding either, they are really that irrelevant.  Oh well, a sick part of me actually enjoys Michael Jordan being made the fool and I'm a UNC grad, imagine that.
Jeff072092::I always said the Bobcats were given to us too soon after the Hornets left.  Hell, had we given it a little time and with the way the Hornets are playing these days, they may have even moved back.  Just imagine the Charlotte Hornets playing in Time Warner Cable Arena...
voodoochld121::I agree. It's too bad because people really loved the Hornets when they were here. Then they moved, and when it was announced Charlotte would be getting another NBA team, nobody cared. And here we are, like 8 years later, and still nobody cares about this team.
DeezBrown::Flip clearly checked out, so glad Wizards are getting past his "era" and started out with a dub.
NCR8derSkinfan::I Remember the hornets sucked when they were in Charlotte until they drafted Larry Johnson and then Alonzo Mourning then they were a contender. My only hope there is those type of players coming up in the coming years for the Bobcats because landing a good free agent is never going to happen again
voodoochld121::you look like a muslim chick.
Christopher2833::Who wants to pay good money to go see Matt Caroll, Gerald Henderson, Boris Diaw, and the rest of the backups/starters try to play basketball
East Rotterdam::they have thousands of chumps who pay these obscene prices every night to see this bad team--amazing.
freshstart_777::They finally gave Saunders the "Flip" and now these guys can play to their strength.
ROGERS6178::Lets just say that we get the first pick in the draft,  don't they have to give it to another team for the Biyombo pick?????
ROGERS6178::Oh ok, thanks for the info.....
d_gettis12::Biyombo stinks
NCR8derSkinfan::but you like david gettis....hahahahah
Christopher2833::or was that next year?
Christopher2833::no, they got that second first round pick in the Gerald Wallace trade
d_gettis12::Is 9 blocks the most blocks in a game this season?
screwhead2305::dissappoiting game for Kemba.. 19 shots taken.. only 8 points
Boogeyman85::the Zards.....only a buzzed dude like me can be talking Zards!!!
Briagan::Wall 7 turnovers. That has to be close to his average.
Boogeyman85::Yep......he makes more turnovers than Pepprigde Farms!!!
Pnut888069::nice one
Boogeyman85::we beat OKC!!!...WHAT!!!...lol
Boogeyman85::im saying the Wiz beat OKC...that makes em slightly better than sorry!!!
NCR8derSkinfan::huh
NCR8derSkinfan::.........yes.......wow................
Boogeyman85::r U a Skins fan from Carolina???
cb12490::WOOO! IT'S DRUMMOND TIME!
Christopher2833::Like I said before, Charlotte can have the worst record in the league and get the 15th pick, no luck in the draft, they draft the popular player, not the most skilled
cb12490::seeing that the nba throws small markets aside and the nba draft lottery is awful, that will happen...
Boogeyman85::John Wall is just soooo..........Average!!!
Christopher2833::The Bobcats are sooo........Terrible!!!
yahooseth::this is like a Columbus Blue Jackets vs New York Islanders game. lol
Boogeyman85::worse
yahooseth::Oh YEAH! My Wizards are NO LONGER last in the league OR division! thats right only 4th in the southeast! Toronto, detroit, minnesota and golden state can't say THEY'RE 4th in their divisions! The Wizards can!!
t_ripley::so .....it WAS the coaching?
Imkindamajor::hell nah bobcats just sucked, wizards will lose the next 20
Rick P. Johnson::Andray Blatche FOOL!
Boogeyman85::Blatche is...is......damn...forgot...oh yeah...a BUM!!!
Boogeyman85::*crickets chirping*....
Boogeyman85::does this mean the Wiz are 1-0...or 3-15?.....oh....still 3-15
5caljaymes5::Im surprised people are actually conversating about this matchup lol. If you aren't a Wiz or unforseen Charlotte fan you must be bored.
Boogeyman85::bored Wiz fan...lol
d butler16::Finally out of last place
NCR8derSkinfan::When Matt Carroll is the leading scorer then it is time to evaluate this team as a whole
JRPH223::Wow, the Bobcats are horrible, Maybe the Wizards won't be the laughing stock of the NBA.
yahooseth::Not even the laughingstock of the SE division
sport15892::Why didn't Henderson play?
Talentsojhin::He hurt his butt
Imkindamajor::biyombo -_-
kame23::tyrus thomas is going to get a triple double
Imkindamajor::are we officially tanking or are we just $@% and silas is awful?
Talentsojhin::tanking with a mix of our offensive is mostly injured.
blackbone1984::rooks seeing a lot of playing time today
fly5155::Kemba was the worst player in this game. Higgins was better, he should start Friday
blackbone1984::put the top draft pick in!
UnderdogFan1993::I wish the bobcats could land an all-star on their team
t_ripley::blame the shoe salesman on not getting any actual talent. bobcats are the poorest team in the league. i dont know anybody who would go there just to play and not get paid
NCR8derSkinfan::sorry ur facts are flawed, the only reason they can't get a good player is because they are in a small market
t_ripley::look it up my man
NCR8derSkinfan::How do you know they are the poorest team?
NCR8derSkinfan::I Remember the hornets sucked when they were in Charlotte until they drafted Larry Johnson  and then Alonzo Mourning then they were a contender. My only hope there is those type of players coming up in the coming years for the Bobcats because landing a good free agent is never going to happen again
Kujosh54321::Gana Diop!
Element11997::Kemba will be one day
AvengedByCats::Give him a good supporting class and he'll be a superstar.
Talentsojhin::So do I....so do I.
Imkindamajor::i pray, and management stop drafting scrubs
Element11997::Randy Wittman for COY
unclejulio1993::Bring on McFAIL
Imkindamajor::derrick brown is also trash
Imkindamajor::lol imagine when we play the heat we gonna get blown out by like 50 #bobcats
Element11997::GIVE SERAPHIN ALOT OF PT WITTMAN
