Jake Shames::Any Thunder "fan" who uses "Westbrick" is a fake. Real OKC fans realize his value and his talent.
Kellan O'Connor::Hope Thunder don't sleep on this one... that is when we have tough games when we are too confident...
Geno Rice::So tired of westbrick taking more shots then kd every game. He almost lost this game for us tonite I wish they trade him
Latece K Christmon::I don't want to mention how stupid this comment is, but do you how we fair without Westbrook?  This is probably Westbrook's most TOs for the season.  I wish people can look past the stats for offense and look at the defense play and fast-breaks Westbrook started, there's more to basketball beside how many shots,rebs and assist he has.
Coley Beleele::Dumb.
Anderson Daniel::OKC! 19-4!!!
Brian G. McKenney::#TTHU !
Kyle Thompson::Jeremy Lamb and Reggie Jackson have surely proved to be amazing players this year, And I think Steven Adams and Perry Jones are gonna prove to be very good players in the future... great bench play so far this year
Alan Hickman::Okc won't get better until they do something with Perkins. .. he gets out rebounded by the guards every single game. . And never can score more than 10 points..
Geno Rice::Kd 11-18 2 turnovers 3 mind Wb 7-22 6 turnovers in 30 mind smh
Geno Rice::I meant kd 37 mins Wb 33 mins
Alan Ogg::wow.. best in the west and beat the magic by 3? lmao...
Jake Shames::Miami lost to Detroit at home.......
William Cooper::Just couldn't get a shot in for the last 3 minutes. Not to mention the lineup was really unusual from normal closeouts.
Ron Williamson::Yep ... it gives you non OKC fans false hope that they suck when the reality of a 19-4 record shows they still win on off nights ... so enjoy your "lmao's" for what they are ... weak
Arvin Ramroop::#thunderup
Trevor Sutherland::OKC is so good they are almost boring to watch...almost. I don't really see a talent difference between Durant and Westbrook-----they are both off the charts. Durant may have a slight maturity edge, but Westbrook's frenetic pace is also his greatest weapon. You Okies should enjoy the show----it won't last forever...
John Osaki Jr.::Another great all-around game by Kevin Durant! Big-time Durant fans, checkout his awesome chapter in the new edition 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-time on Amazon.com!
Ron Williamson::A lot of complaining about a our 19-4 squad. You guys know we will lose a home game eventually and struggle some times in general right? 100% of the fans of other teams would kill to have the nightly production of this squad over a full season.
John Osaki Jr.::KG is so good, he almost as good as LeBron! Checkout both superstars in the new edition 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Kendrell Sanders::Aye Thunder Fans Quick Question Did Brooks Bench Thabo Or Did Is He Hurt? Bc I Know So Far Thabo's Performance Hasnt Been Good So Far Do Yall Think They Might Ship Him Out before
Kendrell Sanders::Trade Deadline (I Hate Commenting Via Mobile)
Michael Bean::Kendrell Sanders, He's been hurt
Beau Wildrix::What the hell is going on.. just updating the play by play here and it's like a perfect storm of mistakes coming from OKC right now....
Dunk You Very Much::Guess Who's Back? (soon) The Return 2013 hah http://wp.me/p49gAF-4M
Edwin Dunfee::outscored16 to 4 last 6 min can anybody say fix tthis is happing awful lot lately zags did yesterday in ncaam
Adam Youman::Russell went cold that quarter...1-5 yuck
Kyle Thompson::Good thing Durant has made 8 straight
Adam Youman::Kyle Thompson yes good thing durant is still the best player on the team
Tim Miller::Whats up with Serge? Can't watch game is he hurt?
Ron Williamson::Got into some early foul trouble so had to sit unfortunately. No biggy though as Lamb is stroking it well tonight
Ayn Bland::I've got a feeling I'll be napping through this one.
Jamie Lee Gendron::Thunder all thee way!! LET'S GO OKC!!!
Reginald Corrington::Thunder Up
Chad Wiggins::bums wow
Babis Karypidis::Durant starting finding himself on percentages.. near 50 40 90 again
