Chad Wiggins::wait i thought malone just said that fredette was gonna be in the rotation for at least 9 games.... lol oh wait, if ur not jerking this kid around ur not a true king... heres hoping the clips beat their freeking brains in ..
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Derrick Williams 1st dunk, waived off for a BS foul, he goes back and puts it up again. Welcome to sactown DERRICK. Minnesota lost an athletic player !
Jarrod Mauren::athletic player with no game. just wait ernest...
Al-Jaleel Sawab::DeMarcus Cousins all-around game is impressive for his size.
Kathryn Erickson Pack::PUT JIMMER IN!!!!!!!
Tony Newman::lol
Clint Czar Jefferson::C'mon Sac-Town
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Im with you, this game seems like its going to come down to the last possession. Unfortunately clippers seems to be favored by the ref's. 8 free attempts to clippers 28, Ridiculous.
Cindy Geiszler-sherek::I was there actually the kings had 27 fouls clippers 10 it was  awful
Cindy Geiszler-sherek::they escorted two guys out for cussing at the refs
Sportsbettingstar.com::While most NBA teams will enjoy just a one-day break for Thanksgiving, the Sacramento Kings will be playing their first game in five days when they host the Los Angeles Clippers on Friday. The Kings haven’t hit the hardwood since a 100-86 road loss against the Los Angeles Lakers on Sunday. The Clippers, meanwhile, are coming off a 93-80 home win against the New York Knicks on Wednesday despite point guard Chris Paul leaving with a strained hamstring. The line is set at only 3 points favorite for the Clip show as Paul's status is still uncertain and historically the Clippers have always had problems covering in Sac town but Im going to still lean with the favorites here and say the Clips get it done and cover the 3 pts tonight.
Mark Gonzalez::well put analysis. last year when the kings thought it was the last game in sac i bet 300 on the clippers w/the points an lost. Cousins went 2 work on griffin an i been a fan ever since(even tho it cost me my $$$)
Ernest Bagdasaryan::I have a feeling this is going to be a sloppy game. Now hear me out, sometimes ( not all the time ) Most players are recovering from holiday downtime, which was a topic last year when they discussed to limit games to a 1 day rest around holidays. Unfortunately the kings had a long rest and it could back fire on them. I have read some cases where it discussed pro athletes and the opposite effects of "runners knee syndrome" when players rest too much ! Hopefully my kings could pull a home win and actually get the benefits of the calls like the clippers did at there house. I predict a 2-3 point game again.
Eddie Cruz::What an absolute prayer by Greivis at the end, and not to mention he walked. Why wasn't Coach Malone assessed a technical for walking deep onto the court? Another great night getting to the line tonight, something that we were robbed of in OKC. Great win for Lob City!
Keith Dennis::This team is going no where in the playoffs as long as Jordan and Griffin are on the floor.  Two of the worst shooters in the history of basketball.  Crawford continued to destroy the Kings otherwise the game would have been a Kings blowout.
Matt Mossman::Why wasn't CP3 giving a technical for doing the same thing multiple times?
Matt Mossman::Not a fan of Griffen, but his perimeter game has improved a lot since last season...he has a couple spots where he can consistantly hit from the perimeter now
Ernest Bagdasaryan::I am excited that we acquired derrick Williams for what started as a 2nd round pick for mbah moute, but at the same time curious to know how he will fit in with the kings.  I seen some comments on how he might start as Small forward. Is it me or is derrick Williams a lil too big to start at 3.
Jarrod Mauren::he's terrible. you'll see.
Matt Mossman::he passes the eye test as not "terrible"...he hit his career averages in this game and brought some much needed athleticism to the King's frontcourt
Will Bernanke::Perfect example of why Cousins will always play for stats with a non playoff team,  that guy could care less about winning and has a basketball IQ of a salad bar
Ernest Bagdasaryan::You dont end up averaging almost a double double every season without having talent and basketball IQ. He has gotten himself into great shape the last 2 seasons. Players who dont want to win and reach there potential dont do that. I have to disagree with you on your opinion.
PamelaNjeff Christian::Ernest Bagdasaryan He may average a double--double, for a team that sucks. And his attitude toward other players on other teams is pathetic. He wishes he was Durant, Kobe, Lebron or anyone else with all-star talent.
Clint Czar Jefferson::PamelaNjeff Christian Who cares about how he feels towards players "on the other team"?As long as he's a good teammates that's all that matters.
George Jimas::vasquez can't score, he's way too slow. why won't they play thomas?
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Nice way for Derrick williams to get his first 2 pts on the kings and the game. ( dunk )
Clint Czar Jefferson::The Clippers are FRAUDS.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Exactly, 28 fouls called on kings compared to 13 on kings. Another showcase of the NBA playing favorites to big market/winning teams !
Ernest Bagdasaryan::I meant 25 on kings, and 13 on clippers.  typo*
Danny Mac::Ernest Bagdasaryan delusional. Your team was fouling.
Andy P Kordyban::Kings > Clippers
Chad Wiggins::first 9 games of the season, marcus thorton was in the rotation...... the kings went 2 and 7...... then out goes thorton and in goes fredette.... for four games with fredette in the line up the kings went 2 and 2 ..... what happens next... kings basketball thats what... thorton is slipped back in the rotation, fredette is ousted....... that a way to reward results malone u bull dog face stupid idiot... very nicely done.... oh yea, the move resulted in another home loss.... may the kings rott, for all the stupidity and incompetence
Keith Dennis::If the Kings win a game its a consolation.  This season is about figuring out what they can use, what they can trade, what they can draft, and what happens next year at the earliest.   This is a huge improvement in Sac over the years of getting Maloofed.   The stupidity and incompetence cashed out.. on literally everything except Zing vodka.   Vivek is already light years ahead of those dudes.
Jason Jackson::I'm shocked CP3 was left off Sports Espionage's Top 10 NBA Guards list...I'm even more shocked by who's #1. Here is the link  http://sportsespionage.blogspot.com/
Justin Taslak::Hope the league reviews that Blake T, if he didn't say anything profane he shouldn't get a T for putting his hand on the chest of a player approaching him
John K. Kim::Kings have been one of the worst run franchises the past decade, and even with the new ownership and coaching, it doesn't look much better.
Ryan Hall::How does it not look much better? Only 17 games into the season and you already come to that conclusion>
John K. Kim::D'Alessandro and Malone are highly regarded around the league, and I'll agree it is rash to make a judgement based upon the limited sample size. But, why is McLemore, a rookie, guarding Crawford, the Clipper's main offensive weapon, down the stretch?  It's just terrible coaching and execution that in the last two minutes of the game you end up with McLemore catching the ball out of a time-out!  Really?  The King's record speaks for itself.  What are they 4-10 and 3-6 at home.  Even mediocre teams win about half their games at home. Now, I think a lot of it has to do with a bad combination of players that can be blamed on the previous management, but still, the team's record is what it is.  I actually think there might be some top-down suggestions on the rotations and such.  Most analytics driven front offices realize that is better to suck to be better in the long-run, and I think that might explain the constantly changing rotations and seeing McLemore receiving a lot of playing time.
Ryan Hall::As a long time kings fan, I am going to have to agree with you 100% on everything you just pointed out.  Very valid explanation.
Cindy Geiszler-sherek::I was at the game and willuams gets cousins motivated and the fouls calling was awful I like the change
Corey Poundstone::If I was thomas I would want out of this mess. Only 17 mins for one of your top scorers.
Keith Dennis::If you watched the game your saw IT at his worst.  Not sure why you give more minutes to a guy that looked out of whack.  I would like to see him start some of these games and see if it makes a difference.   Vasquez is a good passer but has the foot speed of a turtle.
Matt Mossman::spoken like somebody who watched none of the game....IT needs to stay where he's at...Kings need his firepower off of the bench...Vasquez is a better passer and at running the half-court offense with Cousins...IT is better at running the 2nd team with Salmons and company
Keith Dennis::Matt Mossman I am a court side season ticket holder.  Did you watch the game?
Eddie Bonuchi::Is Paul playing?  That will affect the outcome more than the holiday.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::It seems he is 50/50 until tip off, Hamstring injury. He did have a shoot around but currently seems like if he does play it will be limited minutes.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Its official chris paul is out, and collison is taking his place. On the brighter side of notes, Derrick williams will get consistent minutes today, plus there is a chance ray mcCallum might get some playing time as his first official game since being recalled from NBDL Reno bigHorns.
Jonathan Ascencio::BEAT LA!!! BEAT LA!!! BEAT WHO? Certainly not LA. HAHA Love it
Brandon Tigues::jamal crawford playing great at the point..27 and 11
Brian Robbins::Is it 2002 again?
