E::good is the enemy of great so get ready for this guy to tank when kobe comes back.  Marshall seems like he is good for the lakers right now.  Kobe will go down as 1 of the top 10 greats but his greatness always came off at the expense of others in negative way because of his attitude.  Wish he could be a better teammate at this stage after the injuries which he can only come back from if turns himself into a point guard like Magic Johnson.
Bob::Man, I loved Marshall's game last night. Not that he will put up great numbers like that every night, but this kid is for real. His passing game is very similar to Nash's. He's set some very impressive assists records at North Carolina. He sounds very levelheaded and mature well beyond his years in interviews. I like Blake's and Farmar's games, but I think Marshall is already a better floor general than them.  Unfortunately, as I eye the looming return of the Mamba, I have to wonder what will become of this kid. Kobe has a knack for destroying young players' confidence and ruin careers. Will Kobe be content to play his own shooting guard position and allow the kid to run the offense like he did last night? Of course not.
jaywolf1::Amazing game from Gasol and Marshall. I swear, if my Lakers trade away Gasol and the chemistry he has w/Kobe then I'm done with this team. That'll be the last straw for me. Kobe and Pau STILL have high level skill and have PROVEN excellent on court chemistry with each other. Pau will re-sign for less w/us to keep playing w/Kobe, guaranz. Pau + Kobe + MaxFA + Bench = TITLE Contenders! GUARANZ! If my Lakers trade away Gasol for garbage that shows they no longer care and they'll lose this paying fan.
Lakeger::I'm sure Marshall can do this every game because he is a natural PG. Marshall made this game looked easy, and I will point something nobody has talked about. I like Nick Young's energy. But I don't like the fact that he plays, kind of Kobe basketball. No assists, and too many shots. Tonight because Kendall Marshall distributed the ball evenly, Nick was limited to 14 shots, so every else got their share. That made a huge difference in tonight's game. He makes a lot of assists and he's very selective shooter as well. If MDA leaves his foolishness and play him every night, I'm pretty sure we'll win many more games with Marshall in.
James::The Laker's have more talent this year then they have had for quite some time. When Kobe and Nash return in February and maybe the firing of D'Antoni and Rambis coaching the remainder of the year under Jackson's consultation this could be a decent year. Jordan Hill and Kamin with Gasol along with the young players Young, Johnson, Henry and Marshall in the triangle. D'Antoni has no understanding of talent, all he can see is setting up an offense that jacks up three point shots. This team has the talent to be very productive on both ends of the court but there has to be leadership. That is why you see inconsistant play with the Lakers.
j::Very good start for Marshall but remember it's only Utah. This is the right way to start a player and get him to adjust to the game, baptism by fire! Sad that crazy mike has no plans for Kaman, right fit for system, maybe not but system's can be adjusted to fit players,NO.
Bob::Marshall reminding me of Nash out there. Slow but very crafty.
Chris M::All you D'Antoni haters - and I have no side in the fight - need to realize with such a change roster from last year, so much youth, and soooooo many injuries the guy really has done pretty darn good.  I mean a little win streak and the Lakers could be looking at a 8th seed in the far dominant West - on the East they could be a 5th seed.  Cut the guy some slack this year - and last year well that was a joke on every one.  Next year when the team has some continuity, a decent draft pick for the first time in forever, and presumably healthy you should judge him.
Larry::Good morning everybody rise & shine as I feel great today and want to be a chatty Kathy with you all.
BendGod::Piece of Shiht Dooley troll is a #$%$. Why ruin a service  for everyone else with your nonsense? It's disgusting and  it's wrong. You have no scruples nor integrity and I find you  repulsive. Grow up little man and go play in the street loser
