FunkVolumeOF::I went to this game and sat next to a couple of bulls fans. Seriously the WORST smelling person ever.
FunkVolumeOF::tke29 - Really Pacer fans? Your boasting? You struggling against thirds stringers and barely won. I hope you saw the smirk on Rose's face as he left the arena watching your team celebrate. You'll be seeing it again. &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; Hey retard, we celebrate EVERY win, agents the bobcats, heat, who ever. You're mad cuz your at the 6 seed LMFAO!
01Bulls4life::In all fairness, any team that makes the playoffs is a good thing.  Even at number 6, that's still an over achievement for the Bulls.  Good game though.
tke29::Really Pacer fans? Your boasting? You struggling against thirds stringers and barely won. I hope you saw the smirk on Rose's face as he left the arena watching your team celebrate. You'll be seeing it again.
Ritchie1634::I DNT SEE THE BULLS DOING NOTHING AND THEY HAVEN'T BEAT US YET THIS SEASON,AS I SEE IT THE BULLS AND THEIR FANS LEFT THE GAME WITH THEIR TAILS BETWEEN THEIR LEGS!BOOM!!!! GO GET SOME TOILET PAPER!!!!!!
drc003::Noah and Boozer are third stringers? The Pacers leading scorer has been out as well. Go buy some tissues.
chitwnwest::yeah Chicago, is just missing too many players right now, hopefully by mid April, we can see a full healthy team trying to gel
twinelsona::Bulls fan here. I am not a fan of the Pacers, obviously a division rival and these 2 teams used to go at it back when Reggie Miller was their. Either way, it was a good game. Bulls down 4 players, still competed tough out there. If Rose does return I could see these two teams trading baskets with 1 point leads all the way down to the last second. Both teams at full strength can TOPPLE the Heat. I admire the way the Pacers have built their team, very competitive and I like how it brings back the old rivalry of the Bulls vs. Pacers! Seems like that rivalry is back!!!! However if the Bulls do not win I want the Pacers to take down the Heat. Just beat the heat...IDC. Just take the Heat down.
NealIndy::Agreed, we'll take down the Heat. ;)
01Bulls4life::At least the Bulls are showing signs of life.  For a couple of games there they looked like a D-League Team, and it looked like they lost hope. Even with though they lost, they made Indiana sweat for that W.  If the Bulls can play at this level now I wonder how they can be when they have a 100% Healthy Team.   Good game Pacers!
drc003::Good game. Jimmy Butler was looking good.
RabbiLevine::Don't know if Granger will hit stride this season, which sucks.  They will trade him in the off season.
DatGuy8921::Well you better hope it's soon because the playoffs are literally a few blocks down the street.
zradcliff::I'm a bulls fan so it's not really possible to be a pacers fan but I definitely admire the way they constructed their team over the last couple of years...paul george is a really great player, as so is d west and Hibbert and they have solid role players like stevenson and hill and if granger would've stayed healthy, WATCH OUT...on the other hand noah is finding himself on the offensive end and to be frank the bulls is an all around great team...With that being said I would love for the bulls to win it all but for now I'm rooting for the knicks,  pacers and bulls against the heat...BEAT THE HEAT, that's what it's all about
oblique15::Yeah, I`m a Celtic fan and know we have no shot! so I`m hoping the Pacers can beat the Heat. Hopefully Hibbert earns his freaking contract in the playoffs, and Granger starts playing like last year but comes off the bench.
DWoe23::im worried that Danny wont be back this season after last night. They sat him the last half due to his knee flaring up again.
RabbiLevine::Thank you for being a real basketball fan
brandonlee561heat22::Just seeing the anger and frustration Thibs face down the stretch last night when they have nobody on the floor they can go to in the clutch, and Rose is just sitting over on the bench in a suit, that's disappointing and it angers me, and im not even a Bulls fans.
DatGuy8921::Well I just hope Rose uses this as inspiration to tear Indy a new one the next time he plays them.
Kobes_been_bricking_since_96::Can't bring him back before he is ready mentally and physically
Jaguarcrazyboy::Bulls played great last night... They made some mistakes late and couldn't stop West.. If Rose does come back they will compete.
DWoe23::i did notice that the starters for the pacers played alot more in this game. Thats not a good sign for playoff series if they cant trust there 2nd unit.
tigel18::DWest is a stud.
Asif11111::Indy deserves the 2 seed. No questions asked
Illinination217::Indy has a real good squad, almost unbeatable at home
dorucevic::bench is the problem.they cant score.if one of the starters goes down. ohh boy
OffensivelyPC::Problem is, we won't have home field advantage if we play the Heat.  But I think we take care of business at home, we have a chance at stealing one in Miami.  But we absolutely cannot drop a home game like we did last year.
shorskin::The Pacers will not beat the Heat in a seven game series. Lebrick and company are too tough.
dorucevic::thats true heat is just tough to beat with two superstars but they are one or two players short to beat the heat.bench just sucks for the pacers.if they had bulls bench that would be very nice.its a plus they have two players emerging as stars stephenson and george+west is back to his old prime time
shorskin::Boozer didn't show up for this game Is he hurt ?
cjhart92::Boozer NEVER shows up against the Pacers
Illinination217::Hes hurting the team, hes overpaid and terrible
Walter White Killed Don Draper::Hate that people are saying the pacers arent tough at all when we have beaten by more when your team was more healthy. This argument makes no sense.
Rook_217::Problem is with fans like you is that you care more about what people say whether legitimate or not...just let the records and gameplay speak for itself...if you argue with a fool, what does that make you????
milli vanilli were misunderstood::Makes as much sense as your first sentence.
dorucevic::Should have traded Granger when the time was right for Brandon Jennings or even Marco Belinelli,somebody out there
dorucevic::these people just started to watch basketball these days and all of a sudden they can talk sports
dorucevic::Last night Belinelli looked like Kobe for all of those Pacers starters except West
OlBoyP::dumb
Jake2020::Jennings would have been a bad fit here, and Belinelli. Just stop.
jimmy188710::Keep Granger he led us through the darker times and has been the face of the franchise I hope we can keep him and if we win a championship with him then we can retire his number, hes earned it
Hunter8077::GO BULLS!!!!!!
brockness22::AP came back after a similar injury and had the best season of his life while playing a much tougher sport. Why is D Rose such a girl?
DatGuy8921::Because D Rose also has medical professionals telling him what's best, and he is still mentally not in his zone yet.  AP himself told him that getting that confidence back is the biggest challenge.  So Rose isn't being a girl, you're just being a $@%!$.
Rook_217::I'm good, just get defensive when fans act like they know best.  I've counted to ten, rubbed my ears...we good!
jimmy188710::I must ask Bulls nation a question if Rose is gonna sit pouting over loosing why dosnt he play? We all know his knee's fine
DWoe23::you sound angry Rook, you ok?
Rook_217::"We?"  Who is "we?"  Have u seen the kid play?  The way he explodes off the dribble to the rim?  He's not there yet.   Stop being a selfish, non-empathetic fan.  You're worried about the season, he's worried about his career.  And stop acting like you know what's best for him and how healthy he is.  Ignorant!
DustinP19::Great game Bulls fans. For the most part really classy fans always good games to watch. Hopefully Rose is back in the full swing of things for you guys sooner than later. On a side note, Burke and Noah's wedding should be announced sooner than later (;
Abstraktmind::Classy fans? Bulls were booing Pacers as they shot free throws!
tracyfwin::"For the most part".  There will always be outliers.
LLindy86::Granger is done. Something isn't right with that knee. I'm not sweatin' it, though. I'm a big Lance Stephenson fan. Hope he starts taking more shots/driving more.
dorucevic::its time to shipp granger
NickelShort::You failed the reading comprehension portion of the exam.
milli vanilli were misunderstood::Roy Hibbert is very accomplished at being tall and pushing in the back.
Rook_217::He falls with the best of 'em too!!
01Bulls4life::Not that it matters now, but does anyone know why Thibs played Teague and not Robinson?  To me it would had made a lot more sense to have him play those last couple of minutes when we needed to score.
01Bulls4life::Gotta give props to the Bulls for a hard fought game.  Considering what the Bulls are missing, the effort they provided look to me like a Win rather than a loss.   Gotta handed to the Pacers, they are a good team.  If Rose don't come back this year well I hope the Pacers indeed dethrone the Heat.
Rose MVP CHI::Two great teams. Hope we get Rose back come playoff time and there are two or three teams that can challenge the Heat.  BEAT THE HEAT!!!
Rasta Masta 33::Good game Pacers, I would of like to see the Bulls healthy but Ive been a Bulls fan since the early 80's and I will NOT use injury as an excuse like most fans do.  I hate Indy, but I will root for you guys against Miami
Abstraktmind::My kind of Bulls fan.
Pacersfan4ever::Thibs lost this game. Deng on West and Mohammed in with 5 minutes to go killed the Bulls chances. Great effort by the Bulls, but sorry Central Division champs this year is Indiana Pacers baby.
Bulls.Sox.Bears.Hawks.::Then get bounced off the playoffs probably
midgarsshadow::A Bulls fan would klnow that one
Taco still needs a Q::Pacers will most likely advance farther than the Bulls
JollySwagman27::GO PACERS!  We have some tough games coming up but, we will win most of the rest going into the playoffs!
Taco still needs a Q::It favors us I think, every NBA team still has tough opponents, but I think we are in pretty good shape
JollySwagman27::I wouldn't be surprised if we win 3/4 or better the rest of the way.
Taco still needs a Q::Pacers have 12 road games left (Bulls, Celtics, Clippers, Suns, Mavs, Rockets, Wizards, Heat, Cavs, Sixers, Magic, Knicks)   I would be happy with 7-5 there.     10 at home (Thunder, Wolves, Celtics, Lakers, Nets, Cavs, Sixers, Hawks, Bucks, Magic)  I would like to see us go 8-2 at home.   Thunder will be tough, but I think we have revenge on the Nets, and the Hawks lost Lou Williams too so I see us beating them at home as well.  15-7 is a reasonable guess and that would make the Pacers 53-29 (give or take 3 games)
Taco still needs a Q::Tough games:         Bulls                         Clips                         Heat                          Knicks                  Thunder                                         Toss up:  Celtics (the road game) Nets Hawks Rockets Lakers Bucks  SHOULD WIN:  Celtics (home game) Both Magic (although they killed us in Orl) Both Cavs Both Sixers Suns Mavs Wizards Wolves
Taco still needs a Q::Im sure we'll lose a couple of games in the "should" and beat a few of the toss ups and the tough ones,  as long as we consistantly win thats all I care about
JollySwagman27::Sometimes we have letdown games against inferior competition.  As long as we don't throw away any of the "SHOULD" category we'll keep the 2nd seed.  We will at least go .60 against the rest of the schedule.
FoxKat93::I'm very interested in seeing a healthy Bulls roster sans Rip. lol. I like how many of the players can play 2/3 positions and rotate into other ones while on the floor. Marco SG/PG, Nate SG/PG, Kirk SG/PG, Taj PF/C, Dend SF/PF, Jimmy SF/SG. That could make a lot of interesting combinations.
Chi_Town_Everything::A Rose, Butler, Deng, Taj, Noah lineup will probably be  the Bulls best defensive grouping.  I cant wait to see how it works.
bjwooden6998::Why do you want to see Robinson back? He has no idea how to run our offense and plays questionable defense. Have you seen the Bulls record when he is starting? Its horrible. I think bring him back would be a mistake. Beside the position will be too deep to bring him back anyways with Rose, Hinrich, and Teague.
FoxKat93::Although he deserves one, hopefully he won't ask for it. lol. I was really rooting for Rip, but the guy can't stay healthy even with limited minutes.
Chi_Town_Everything::Yea I hate Rip. He wont be back next year. I hope we bring Nate back though. He may want a raise though.
FoxKat93::lol. I see no Rip. Honestly, I don't know what is up with him. Either injured or ineffective. Rarely, he has a good game.
Chi_Town_Everything::Rose, Bellineli, Deng, Boozer, Noah.  I think Marco would benefit the most from being on the floor with Rose.  I actually believe this should be the starting 5.
FoxKat93::What's your best offensive group?
pacerpride35::I'm looking at today's scores and trying to determine which squad is most guilty of mailing it in. Here are your candidates: Orlando, losing by 26 at home to Memphis; Dallas, losing by 33 at Houston; Charlotte, losing by 36 at Sacramento; or Detroit, losing by 39 at Tony Parker-less San Antonio.
BiggestHandsomeHoosier_Colts_STLCards_Pacers::Detroit has just been terrible without Knight.  I was at the game last Friday when the Pacers built a 43 point lead lol
Taco still needs a Q::I was there too lol
BiggestHandsomeHoosier_Colts_STLCards_Pacers::And I just saw that he played tonight.  Wow!
FoxKat93::Area55andG2 I don't think a couple games of missing starters covers the bulls dramatic drop. West, Hibbert, Granger, Hill have all missed at least a game this season and our record isn't much worse than what it was last year =========== No, it does. There is not an adequate back up for Noah. So, the Bulls suffer when he sits down games. IF Nate is not controlled when Kirk it out, the hurts the Bulls as well. Sometimes players have to play out of position when certain players are hurt. Like Deng playing PF when Boozer was injured because Taj had to play since Noah was injured. Noah, Boozer, and Kirk sitting out all at once does hurt them.
bjwooden6998::Korver is inconsistant unless he is starting. He was band more often than good last season. He is having such a good year this season because he is a starter in ATL.
pacerpride35::Asik and Ashton Kutcher Jr. made a huge difference on the Bulls.
Taco still needs a Q::I think so at least
Taco still needs a Q::You guys should of kept Asik in my honest opinion, and even Korver
FoxKat93::They wanted to, but he had a poison pill contract. Also, he wasn't going to get the playing time like he has behind Noah.
Chi_Town_Everything::I agree on Asik but I don't miss Korver.
BiggestHandsomeHoosier_Colts_STLCards_Pacers::David has just been a monster this season.  Love to have him back in 2013-2014 and 2014-2015
Taco still needs a Q::He said he wants to stay a Pacer....I love how he said he doesn't regret signing with Indiana and not the Celtics.  LOL C's fans were so livid when he came here
Taco still needs a Q::And West said he chose here cause he saw a good group here, and doesnt regret signing with us
Taco still needs a Q::He said that David West went to the Pacers for the money and not the wins, pretty much saying we were a bunch of nobodies.   Funny thing is the Pacers didnt overpay West either
FoxKat93::Taco still needs a Q - Tell you what tho, I lost a ton of respect for Ray Allen after what he said about West and the Pacers  What did he say?Personally, I lost respect for Ray when he joined the Heat.
Taco still needs a Q::Tell you what tho, I lost a ton of respect for Ray Allen after what he said about West and the Pacers
Taco still needs a Q::Maybe not last year, but now yes lol
iownamicrowave::he's probably thanking god he didn't go to the celtics
fandanimal1::would anyone lay real money on the bulls or pacers against the heat?
BoilermakerDiesel::yes
Taco still needs a Q::Not on the internet no
Taco still needs a Q::Im so ready for baseball to start!!  I love my local teams Pacers and Colts, but I have been a Braves fan since I was a little kid.  Lol thanks to TBS :)
anieten185::Yea, plus last year's performance by the Cards helped them get over Pujols real quick. Lol
anieten185::True true, his decision I guess. Plus I've never had to make a decision between millions of dollars so I guess I can't really say too much lol
BiggestHandsomeHoosier_Colts_STLCards_Pacers::Same here!  Most Cards fans are just fine with Albert's decision.  There will always be those bitter guys though!
anieten185::Despite your differences in baseball teams, I think we can all agree that Pujols is an $@% for ditching St Louis for the dough lololol
Taco still needs a Q::I mean at his age and a team offering him a 10 year contract, you really cant blame him
BiggestHandsomeHoosier_Colts_STLCards_Pacers::I respected his decision.  He had done a lot for STL, and he had the right to go for a bigger contract.
Taco still needs a Q::Meh idk, Im not a Cards fan so I wasnt that overly concerned.  Angels do have a nice team however
BiggestHandsomeHoosier_Colts_STLCards_Pacers::LOL......I was too up until I was 10.  Really focused on MLB in those days and was converted a Cards fan because of some family in STL and a youth baseball teammate from Missouri.  Love Saint Louis music, food, and the overall laid back city feel. (A lot like Indy)
Taco still needs a Q::But regardless, we looked like a AAA team defensivly,   Medlan pitched a good game,  Chipper threw the damn ball to right field and Simmons threw another to the backstop.  UGHHH lol
BiggestHandsomeHoosier_Colts_STLCards_Pacers::It was a bad call.  I can man up to that.
Taco still needs a Q::OH I wont dispute that and they do know how to turn it up in the playoffs.  OMG I was absolutely LIVID when they called the in-field fly rule!!  The LF completely lost where the ball was in the air and they still called it!  I have seen so many balls land between the SS and LF and that call was NEVER made
BiggestHandsomeHoosier_Colts_STLCards_Pacers::I know right?  Everyone seems to hate the Cards!  I feel like the Cards have a very knowledgeable and passionate fan base, much like the Hoosiers.
Taco still needs a Q::UGHHH I HATE THE CARDINALS!!!   Lol go figure!
PSHS_football::Apparently Granger's absence = Rose's absence.  I guess you can tell by the 2 seed they've acquired without him.
Pleaseenternamehere...::You can't seriously equate losing West George or Hibbert for a game to losing R.I.P Hamilton basically all year, Noah has been on and off with his foot, Kirk Hinrich can barely play two games in a row, Taj Gibson will be out at least another week or two. Not excusing or poor play this month, but #h!t it's hard winning with Rad Mad Vlad playing the 'ghost' position on defense. Had Taj been in there to body West (he killed us tonight) he would not have had 31 points and the Bulls win this game. Yeah, I'm biased, and so are you. Btw, what guy uses "UGGHHH" when he types? Hahaha, only people from Indiana. BURRRNNNNN!!!
anieten185::That may be, but obviously the Bulls as a whole are really stepping up to help make up for his absence especially Noah. I don't see Rose ever getting any 20 20 10 game in his career lol
FoxKat93::But, why does he need to? Rose does not need to rebound with guys like Boozer, Deng, Taj, and Noah on the floor. HE only grabs boards when he is near them.
anieten185::Not trying to say they are equivalent, I'm just saying that each player has been their team's best player over the past few years so the absences are comparable. I'm just trying to get this across because many Bulls fans seem to think that their team is the only team affected by a significant injury
Chi_Town_Everything::I dont think that bulls fans think we are the only ones affected. the point is George has stepped up and picked up the slack for Granger and is now better than Granger IMO.  The bulls dont have no one that can replace what Rose brings to that team.
Taco still needs a Q::I see what your saying and I do agree with that
Area55andG2::explain why the bulls are worse this season in comparison to last season when he was missing gobs of games
Area55andG2::I don't think a couple games of missing starters covers the bulls dramatic drop. West, Hibbert, Granger, Hill have all missed at least a game this season and our record isn't much worse than what it was last year
FoxKat93::Well, last year's team had a whole season under their belt when Rose sat out. Also, multiple starters have been injured this season and some at the same time.
PSHS_football::Not the entire year though.
Taco still needs a Q::Even as a Pacers fan I disagree,  Rose is a bigger loss, but like I just said losing your top scorer is still a big loss no matter who the team is
FoxKat93::anieten185 Pacers have been missing their leading scorer from the past 5 years, and have been doing fine. AND us pacer fans don't use missing Granger as a reason behind our losses. Bulls fans just can't accept defeat graciously ============ Past five years??? Explain this to me. EVERYONE knows that Rose is the Bulls' offense, which is clear as day when you watch them play. Their D is almost always there, but they don't have anyone who can step up day in and out. Granger isn't a bum, but Rose is a WAY better player than Granger.
Taco still needs a Q::NO one is debating that Rose is one hell of a player and an MVP, but I think what he was saying is that losing your top scorer is a big loss no matter who the player is for whatever team.
Taco still needs a Q::I never actually saw the injury when it happened, just him down on the floor
FoxKat93::I think he is just overly pre-cautious because it was a non contact injury.
Taco still needs a Q::I do believe he will be fine, but Im wondering why the setback?  I get its precaution but possibly something else too?
FoxKat93::I'm not underestimating it and neither is Rose.But, medicine has really progressed and Rose is too determined for success to let his injury ruin his career. I believe he will adapt in another way if need be.
Taco still needs a Q::Oh I know, Ive seen it lol.   I am curious to see if he is the shell of his former self.  Some athletes get lucky and dont regress and some comeback good but just was never the same (Edgerin James ugh) as before.   I think some people really underesimate how serious an ACL injury really is
FoxKat93::I'm not denying that, but my point is that you can't really compare losing Rose to most teams losing their top players. Perhaps with teams like OKC, Heat, Knicks, etc just because of their superstar leaders. But, Rose is much more than a top scorer on the team. He serves so many functions to them that people don't notice. He has a second gear and wins games based on will alone sometimes.
BoilermakerDiesel::Off topic, does anybody else think that Obama is the worst president of all time...?
BiggestHandsomeHoosier_Colts_STLCards_Pacers::We all love sports!  Let's talk sports! =)
BoilermakerDiesel::Lmao. I was trying to draw that kind of attention. I'm satisfied
BiggestHandsomeHoosier_Colts_STLCards_Pacers::Please no.  Please don't do this.
BiggestHandsomeHoosier_Colts_STLCards_Pacers::Was surprised by the Bulls today.  Showed lots of resolve.  Did this game make Indiana go up 3-0 in the season series?
Taco still needs a Q::Yep, aiming for a sweep in Chicago.   Always tough to win there as a division rival and Rose should be back by then.  So we'll see how that goes when the time comes
Area55andG2::Technically, the United States belongs to Britain
geeman217::Area55andG2 - Technically, the United States belongs to the Indians ____________
PSHS_football::Other way around.
Area55andG2::making fun of his point, it wasn't supposed to be factual
Das Ravenator::Technically, Baltimore has won 4 Super Bowls.   2 by the Colts 2 by the Ravens
Taco still needs a Q::I honestly forgot the Fever won the WNBA title, lol thats how much I dont give a damn about them
BiggestHandsomeHoosier_Colts_STLCards_Pacers::Thanks for that tidbit.  Pacers have 3 ABA titles too.
BiggestHandsomeHoosier_Colts_STLCards_Pacers::WOO
Taco still needs a Q::Ok so let me ask this..... Do your Bulls fans like Kirk or not?  Ive seen so many bash him and some actually like him.  I just want your honest opinions
geeman217::WHEN  he plays, he's decent.  much better than Nate at facillitating the offense.  When he's not out there? hell with him...
FoxKat93::We like his facilitating decisions and dislike his inconsistent scoring and health issues.
Taco still needs a Q::Your a good fan and I know Bulls have some of them, but some just drive me up the wall with no logic, although Id rather talk to Bulls fans over heat fans anyway.   OMG lol
FoxKat93::Those are either casual or extremely radical fans. Most Bulls fans know the potential of the team, but some believe their needs to be an addition/subtraction in order to be true threats.
Taco still needs a Q::Fair enough, I just cant get a good read of people opinions esp from Bulls fans. lol no offense but some of you guys have wacky thoughts about players
Chi_Town_Everything::I actually like Kirk and think he would be great in leading our second team once Rose returns.
Chi_Town_Everything::Yep thats pretty much how it would work. Similar to how Thibbs used Lucas III to provide a spark. Nate is better though. Kirk is a better facilitator than Nate thats why Kirk would be the primary back up PG.  I can see Nate at the SG with Kirk depending on the matchup
FoxKat93::Area55andG2 - so nate robinson becomes third string?  Both Kirk and Nate can the SG, which is fine by me. I like this since, whenever they need to, they can switch positions on court.
Area55andG2::so nate robinson becomes third string?
Das Ravenator::The only trophy Indiana will win is the WNBA trophy. Enjoy it Fever
anieten185::Can't forget those 5 banners hanging from the rafters in Assembly
Area55andG2::Colts?
BiggestHandsomeHoosier_Colts_STLCards_Pacers::Colts are Indy's team. That's like saying the Ravens are Cleveland's team.
Taco still needs a Q::Thats news from 1984 lol
Das Ravenator::The Colts are a Baltimore team.
Taco still needs a Q::I think he is talking about basketball, but the Colts have a VERY VERY BRIGHT future ahead of them
Taco still needs a Q::Hoosiers?
anieten185::"Well we lost again, but it's ok because Rose is hurt so we have an endless excuse"   - Bulls fans
FoxKat93::We didin't need Rose to win--the Bulls just needed to play smarter.
PSHS_football::Big difference between an excuse and a reason.  Rose being hurt is as good a reason to lose a game vs a playoff team as I can think of.
Chi_Town_Everything::@anieten  George has picked up the slack from Granger being out and is now better IMO.  The Bulls have no one that can replace what  Rose brings to the team.
PSHS_football::I'm glad you speak for the entire Pacers fan base.  Because dozens of people have proven that wrong, you guys do use Granger as an excuse, and if you lost this game that would be an excuse ,and if you weren't a 2 seed that'll be an excuse, and when you lose to the Heat, someone will use that excuse.
anieten185::Pacers have been missing their leading scorer from the past 5 years, and have been doing fine. AND us pacer fans don't use missing Granger as a reason behind our losses. Bulls fans just can't accept defeat graciously
PSHS_football::Let's play a little game, who am I...  " bulls can't beat miami in 7 games hurrrrr durrrrr hurrrr"
fandanimal1::i'm betting on miami to advance to championship series.vegas whole heartedly agrees.they have no horse in this race either
fandanimal1::call me names all you want.give me current match ups to argue
fandanimal1::listen to chicago sports radio and you'll understand,the bulls,as construced,lack the talent to beat miami
PSHS_football::I try to download the podcast when I can.  And they are some of the most biased fans ever.  I've never heard them say they lack the talent.
BoilermakerDiesel::Hill &gt; Chalmers George &lt; Wade Granger &lt; LBJ West &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Bosh Hibbert &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Haslem
fandanimal1::bulls don't have the talent to beat miami in 7
geeman217::YEP!  you're not a Heat fan...  But "Heat" rolls off your keys every post....
PSHS_football::Can you give me tomorrows lotto picks too?  Thanks.
PSHS_football::HURRRR DURRR HURRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
fandanimal1::give me facts
FoxKat93::Healthy line-up Rose&gt;Chalmers Deng&lt; LBJ Noah&gt; Bosh Rip&lt; Wade Boozer&gt; Haslem Bulls bench&gt; Heat bench  If the Bulls play stingy defense, share the play, and Thibs goes to the bench--I take the Bulls.
Taco still needs a Q::Youve won one title in a shortened year since Lebron came, thats all!
BoilermakerDiesel::Pacers and Bulls are the only teams that consistently hold the heat under 90 pt/game
PSHS_football::You're a clown.
BoilermakerDiesel::fandanimal1
PSHS_football::DING DING DING.
geeman217::lmao!!!!
BoilermakerDiesel::For those who say the Pacers/Bulls have no shot at beating the Heat in the playoffs, is it ironic that the only time the Heat score less than 90 points is versus the Pacers/Bulls ????
Taco still needs a Q::Pacers held the heat to a season low 77 as well
fandanimal1::bulls can't beat miami in 7,but i'm not sure about miami okc in 7
sprak::if scott brooks figures out that perkins can't be on the court vs miami, okc could lose in a close series. if he doesn't, miami wins fairly easily again.
geeman217::*yawn*
mlmay31::geeman...it's always you who has to comment on his stuff. you got a thing for fandanimal? LOL
FoxKat93::The only way to beat the Heat is to play perfect. I don't mean that the Heat are invincible, but the refs have no gag reflex when it comes to LBJ and co. I saw LBJ get a foul called in his favor despite the fact that it was a clear offensive foul.
Chi_Town_Everything::You dont have to play perfect. Just play disciplined defense and attack them offensively.
macksolo::38-22 with a healthy squad (except Granger) and 34-26 without Rose and with least 2 or 3 key players out every other game. How much better than the Bulls are the Pacers really?
Taco still needs a Q::We'll never know, but the Bulls having Rose doesnt discredit the Pacers 38 wins (give or take 3 games)  People forget to realize the Pacers started the season 10-11 as well and then just caught fire.   So many losses were by 3 pts or less too.   Spurs, Magic and the Blazers games (all on the road) were our only bad blowout losses this season
anieten185::Healthy squad? That Granger guy has led the team in scoring for about the past 6 years. He may not be as important as Rose, but quit acting like Granger is suddenly irrelevant just because Paul George is kicking $@%.
Chi_Town_Everything::Both teams at full strength are very close with the Bulls getting the edge in my opinion because of Rose.  Indiana is a great team though, real tough and defensive minded.
Area55andG2::and Gerald Green has been diagnosed with stupidity
pacerpride35::I love hearing Mark Boyle go bonkers about his shot selection.
Taco still needs a Q::Ugh dont get me started on Green
Area55andG2::it's a joke, please lighten up. Gerald Green takes horrible shots upon the minute he enters the game
FoxKat93::Wut?
Area55andG2::Kirk Hinrich doesn't count as a key player.
Area55andG2::Stephenson, Hill, George have all picked up knocks this season and are as important to the pacers rotation as those players
mlmay31::answer the question. man you are so biased.
FoxKat93::Actually, he does. He is a great facilitator and the offense runs smoothly with him in the line up.
PSHS_football::Yeah because RIP, Boozer, Deng, and Noah haven't been banged up on and off.
