Lori::rockets have three power forwards sitting on bench. so far, they are going with two centers or two small forwards and no legit power forwards. despite winning record, its not working on either offense or defense. in most games they have had to dig themselves out of a hole. last night, they dug themselves into a hole and learned that they can't always count on harden to get his double-digit points at the line. of the three PFs, smith is the most solid backup, but character issues aside (who kicks a homeless guy anyway?), jones has the most potential offensive upside. i think mchale -- who was after all a PF -- is taking some direction from Morey to try to make the Howard/Asik combo work, at least until he can swing a deal to get a legit starting power forward for Asik. Meanwhile, I say give Jones some real minutes.
T::Lin should try to get away with this team as fast as he could James Harden and Dwight Howard is blaming on Lin for the lose although that homeless looking Jordan wana be shooting 4-15 1-6 for three's Howard is shooting 40% from free throws James Harden is his own team killer just like Carmelo Anthony his may get his points on regular season but when is playoff time the other team with put more pressure on him, he will have one or two of those are unstoppable game but mostly will get knout out the first or second round and Howard hasn't proven any things still a crying baby how could you criticize people when you can't even made half of your free throws all he has to do is made half of the free throws they would win the game as for Kevin McHale his cant coach period even a 5 year old kid knows what to do the game against the Lakers all his has to do is take Howard out of game they will win the game the most I will give this clown 1 or 2 year his gone.   look what he do in Minnesota pretty depression what make you think will to difference in Houston.
d Craig::Howard needs to cut down on his moves down low and just go up with the shot. He brings the ball down to his ankles before he goes up and then he goes up with some weak moves. He needs to go up quick and balanced and keep the ball above his waist. He's bigger and more athletic then anybody out there and if he went up quick and squared up to the basket he'd be unstoppable. What are they paying these coaches to do anyway? Is anybody suggesting this to him? He's been playing the same way for years and I've been saying for years that he needs to just make a few little changes to become the dominant player he can be.
T::when a great players like Kobe has bad nights he dont blame anyone but himself  that a person take  full responsibility for his mistakes so that way he use it to motivate himself work harder to make himself a better player back in the old days I never see Akeem Olajuwon blaming the teammates for a lose,  the Houston Rockets only the 6 games in the season  those two selfish clowns Harden and Howard already blaming on some one else even though they play like #$%$ the game they lose,  Houston Fans don't even dreaming about championship just be happy you make the playoff.
Michael::Let's do a statistical analysis for some of the main guys we keep talking about:   FG% - D.Howard naturally should have it as he plays the post game. However, the second leader in this category is J.Lin with 53.3%. That's a great stat for the shooting PG to have while the other points like Bev and Brooks are in the high 30's (38.9 to be exact)  3PT% - J.Lin is dominating the team stats at 43.8% from behind the arc. With Beverly following at 31.6. Meaning Chandler and Harden need to increase this stat by choosing better shots on the court.   FT% - Beverly has this at a 100% with 5/5 shooting. Harden and Howard lead the team with attempts, but Howard is shooting at a meager 49.3% while Harden is at 84.7%. Lin is following in terms of attempts while shooting at 75% (definitely needs to up his FT% to at least the 80s  Rebounds - Dwight naturally leads, with Parsons behind him.   Assists - JLin leads the team with 32 then Harden at 31. Someone needs to start executing the plays a bit more with greater efficiency and choosing better shots.   TO - This is the big one. We as a team, just need to limit TOs each game. Right now, James Harden is leading the team with TOs with 30 and JLin & Howard both have 23. Beverly is doing good in terms of not turning the ball over and harassing the other player with defense.   Steals - Harden leads with 15 steals and JLin with 11 follows behind him. Beverly has 5 which is surprising as he tends to get in the face of the other player.   Blocks - Howard of course leads the team with 10. Not bad considering this is across 7 games  Personal Fouls - Howard is the top offender at 27. We need him to chill out a bit so that he can stay on the floor to be a defensive presence. The ill-advised  fouls needs to stop.   Points - Harden and Howard lead the team. Parsons and Lin come next while leaving the rest of the team with lower stats.  I believe that the team needs to step it up on defense and play Omir with Howard a bit more to block the paint. More importantly, stop turning the ball over and take better shots. With as good as our team is (GO ROCKETS!), we should start executing the plays and look for open vs contested shots.   Just my two cents.
poolman::Are the Lin fans on this blog actually Rockets fans or even bball fans, or are they just fans of Lin?
Supa T::If they keep playing these minutes the Rockets will have a very difficult time. Even though Harden does get some assists he really does not set up his teammates well at all. Beverly just does not compliment Harden on offense too well either. This is about playing together not separately playing well and adding up the scores.  What happened in the last 3 minutes?
warchief::Im a Lin fan but Please stop picking on beverley,he is doing a fine job in defense and Lin is doing a  fine job at distributing the ball, making plays and running the offense in the second unit...  Don't u see that when Lin plays with Harden the latter takes all the ball and even ignore Lin when he is wide open to shoot... whereas when Lin is in the 2nd unit he has the freedom to shoot or assist... Harden is the problem, he is shooting 27% from 3s since the beginning of the league but keep shooting it.Had he passed those balls he would have got an assist or had his teammates score. In the end a Win is what matters the most not who start at PG or Harden scoring lots of points inefficiently.
David::Time for bed.   I can feel my arteries are starting to Hardin.
Savath::2 many turnovers and not enough rebounds for the rockets, I feel another article from d moore coming.
