Seattle Blows!::Jeez... Lee is possessed he's playing lights out on offense and definitely deserves to be on all Star team even if he's not starting. Iggy and bogs still continue to give a big eff you to players trying to score on them. I know that lee curry and Klay are the driving force for offense but Iggy and bogs are the best complimentary players and we wouldn't be where we're at without them. I want to play Indy now to see how we stack against the elite teams.
PAC::I like the fact that even though Curry and Thompson had off nights, they still won. I wouldn't put them as a championship caliber team though, due to the fact they rely to heavily on the three and have a weaker bench then last year.
JoshM::Will Larry Sanders ever get his act together? He can play ball, but is an idiot hot head.
Boudicca::the warriors management has bogut figured out, just play him 25 minutes a night to protect him. and its 25 quality minutes. they took a chance and got a decent coach from the ether and its all starting to work.  and the warriors have played the hardest part of their schedule. WARRIORS IN FIRST PLACE!
C::i never understand why people play down to competition. if i was a talented athlete and i knew i was facing a bad team i would do anything in my power to pulverize them and pad my stats.
dster20::Thought Warriors would play down to their competition twice on this road trip and they fooled me (they got close). I hope they fool me again as this can be a trap game. Don't let down W's.
Glennmc7::The Golden State Warriors time is here.
Mr. Blue::Was offered Illasova for Trey  Burke. I need a big as I only have Hawes, Robin Lopez and Ibaka and some waiver wire type bigs on my team.  Should I accept? I don't know if Illasoyva is going to get permanent minutes and then Henson is coming back. Plus he doesnt help my boards or blocks
Robert::it's been a long time since the days of TMC....hoping this group will be good for many years....other than the Baron Davis playoff run....it has been a long time coming!
Knickschamp Tumblr Com::Oakland, California Americas gay bar capital. pathetic
