gatorfan808::With Nash the Lakers are a different team.  He gets everyone involved and looks for Howard and Gasol.  I seen Bryant with Nash in the game dribble down court and jack up a three a few times against the Knicks.  When is Kobe going to learn that when Nash is controlling the ball you are going to get a good shot.  It may not be Kobe shooting but you are going to get a decent look.  Last few minutes of the game when Nash has the ball, the Lakers got good looks.
First Pelicans Bandwagoner.::.
socialsatyr11::Thank you to the NBA for scheduling the JV game at 12:30 and the VARSITY game at 7:30.
harvmel1::Very important not to forget there is still a trade deadline to come. The Lakers with the weak bench are much more likely to benefit from a veteran pick up in February, compared to the "stacked", Spurs, Clippers, Heat and Thunder.
Leotheapprentice::The only time Ray Felton gets a tripple double is when he places his order at the Wendys
Tony91367::Lets see  Teams used to take advantage of Lakers turn overs and always doubled off Lakers PG,,  Now they cant leave the PG alone to double Kobe,Gasol and Howard and if they do,, Nash will make them pay for it.
nodonovan1377::Lakers aren't gonna catch the Clippers, Thunder, Spurs or Memphis.  Being a 5-8 seed and trying to make it out of the west......good luck!
Tony91367::I doubt it but lets say you're right, I will take my chances with Lakers as 8th seed ,, the Q is who wants to play them in playoffs? do you want your favorite team to play Lakers as a first round opponent?
ulthumbei::......................  -Knicks fans
chip douglas unchained::pau gasol is slowly finding his role as a passer at the high post, he is not going to get 20 ppg but he can be a triple double threat every night.
CubicleJoe::absolutely.  he CAN score, but it's really not his best asset, as van gundy mentioned yesterday.
CubicleJoe::i think the fact that nash is so clearly the best player right now, given the boost and leadership he has provided so quickly, he was most likely deprived of another 2 or 3 mvp awards during his prime years.  dude can play.
Tony91367::As a Lakers fan who hated Nash, I can see why he wont those two MVP's  the guy can play,, I am glad his on our side now,  Go Lakers
Michael566780::There was huge outrage from those who really didnt watch him play when he was considered for Three MVPs in a row.     I am a huge Nash fan, and I am glad he is in LA so now people can really get a look at him.
CubicleJoe::yep, i was kinda throwing a jab at kobe fans, but i do feel nash has been wrongly criticized in those mvp conversations.  a player who can create for everyone, control the tempo, then score at an incredibly efficient rate from anywhere on the floor in the clutch is just invaluable.
CubicleJoe::i dunno...dwight looked pretty healthy running from the 3pt line to dunk that one on the break.  can't believe they called a travel.
CubicleJoe::that's what i'm saying, i wasn't even clowning him on it. it's not like he gained some advantage there.  despite what anti-lebron folk think, he does have some calls go against him.
chip douglas unchained::they would let it go if it was lebron
tebrina::don't get me wrong, he travelled but I still don't believe they called it
tebrina::steve nash for mvp, if lakers can make a run a top the west
CubicleJoe::lakers without nash vs knicks = blown out lakers with nash vs knicks = victory  winner.
chip douglas unchained::no kobe would get it, look at his stats.
chip douglas unchained::yea im just saying there is no way they give it to anyone on the lakers but kobe
tebrina::kobe has the stats but nash has proven his value. its not like it matters, even if the lakers lead the league there's an 80% chance its going to lebron anyway.
nodonovan1377::Lakers aren't as bad as their early season losses and aren't as good as their current run of wins.  They are ultimately about 4-6 seed this season since they feel so far behind early.
tebrina::Thats probably more realistic but you never know what could happen.  If they never take a game off and catch other teams slippin they could make a unheard of run
argenis fradique::Steve Nash for AARP is what you ment,  right??
nodonovan1377::Lakers are more than one-third of the way through the season and sitting at .500.  Unless injuries come up they will make the playoffs for sure.  However I don't see them making the NBA Finals considering their bench is weak and they will be playing on the road for the better part of the playoffs.
Michael566780::If you are a Knicks fan, by definition you are a pathetic loser.  Fact. The second most pathetic franchise in major North American sports.   Be proud, be losers.
Michael566780::Cubs are not #1, cause they are not one of the richest, most powerful franchises in MLB.  Jets dont qualify for many reason (they have won, and not most powerfull).  Kincks are one of the most powerful franchises (if not THE most) yet have not won in nearly 40 years and we pretty much garbage last ten years.  They sh** on their fans and fans come for more!!!!!  PATHETIC!!
argenis fradique::I agree and are second in second in my book. Jets are the absolute top dog here, come on the A$$ Fumble and the way they ended their season against Tenn was classic!!! Mike Tirico's best call ever. lol
nodonovan1377::Please don't mention the most pathetic franchise in major North American sports.  ~Cubs Fan
argenis fradique::Those were brutal Knicks Jersey's yesterday. Looked like the orange Mr. kool aid man threw up on them.  Knicks coming back to earth as expected.
nodonovan1377::Knicks are a jumpshooting team.  They need to get Amare back playing in the post.  Melo needs to start workin from 15 feet in as well.
argenis fradique::I agree. Good post. They live and die by the 3 and were hot to start the year but that will only carry you so far and in the playoffs when the D is turned up and they will face presure 3's. They wont be playing Washington and Charlotte in playoffs so they better change their ways.
coolsal2008::Kobe's 17 years in the league, plays like a guy in his 20s, its unbelievable
socialsatyr11::JV game started at 12:30   VARSITY started at 7:30  My how things have changed.
ChrisLA2010::LMAO. the later games are/have always been the jv games.... no one watches those... (cept for you apparently)
GarbageUspeak::Its plain to see Dwight is not healthy yet....2 foot layups yesterday that would usually be DUNKS were being missed
LAdodgers_lkrs::lakers looking good...but would like to see a jamsion get some playing time..
tingyman::the lakers being relevant again? i think so!  GTFO all you bandwagoners that are now jumping back on our wagon bc we reached .500, we will continue to dominate!and we dont need you
goodbyeacc::The clippers should have taken the lakers spot on xmas yesterday
Lakerchariot::Who needs a bench when you got MWP!!  But in all seriousness...MWP has to rally the bench, it can't be just him who's doing all the work. I mean Meeks is coming and going but where in the world did Jamison go?!
Justin 1717::MWP took his place.
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::I'm glad the Lakers won, but I have never seen a guy miss more 3 foot shots than Dwight. He really needs to work on that jump hook and do a few layup drills.....
coljetsfan::and I'm chatting myself...guess I'll have to give myself c.r.a.p
coljetsfan::Steve Nash is a gym-rat.   He is definitely going to make a difference.
coljetsfan::Tired of all the Kobe/LeBron comparisons.  There is no comparison. Kobe 5 rings, LeBron 1...enough said..
olu_0824::ur foolish
CubicleJoe::that's foolish.
coljetsfan::The Lakers actually played some defense in the 4th quarter yesterday...
westsidekingpin::wheres all the snicks fans HAHA
FREE_TEBOW::FREE TACOS on XMAS thank you Kobe............
SFG707::Anyone else notice the referring in favor of the knicks and heat the other day, east coast bias goes for referring apparently too.
DodgersLakersUberAlles::lame
William51796::Dwight should be getting more than 8 shots....!
DeShondre1135::With Nash back Dwight should get more touches just give it time
LAdodgers_lkrs::at least 12-15 shots... but its a bit difficult and frustrating when u get double or triple team...
bigrozer::I hope the Lakers face the clippers in the first round because they match up wel against them. But then they would have to go up against Memphis.
DodgersLakersUberAlles::Everyone will be tough in the west. Lakers just have to keep playing better.
AndruwBelcher::Lakers won't be that low of a seed
bigrozer::but its almost a certainty they will have to play memphis or okc and before the WFC and they don't match up well with either.
tq745::J. Lin &gt; R. Felton
JCDish::yes sir
nbafanatic69::Lol can't be serious.
CubicleJoe::nah
09Skeet::Cliff Paul &gt; Chris Paul
elezajac::Ru Paul &gt; Chris Paul
CubicleJoe::dresser, maybe.  how well does Ru shoot the 3?
berdosux::DOes anyone else still call Artest... Artest??  I cant bring myself to call someone who fights with fans and headbutts people World Peace...
mmaze79::I do. HE is a street baller, no doubt. I love watching him play because his fouls are real, not chincy hand slaps. He is a tough player, though peaceful in no way shape or form.
army of bono::Jeff Van Gundy does
Nathanater24::World Peace has been playing well
09Skeet::World B. Free &gt; Metta World Peace
09Skeet::Top 10 Clippers of All Time  Bob McAdoo Elton Brand Ken Norman Randy Smith Corey Maggette Danny Manning Ron Harper Chris Kaman World B. Free Norm Nixon  11.Eric Paitkowski
CubicleJoe::chris paul
nichobo::Loy Vault!!!
berdosux::You forgot Darius Miles and Michael Olowakand... oh wait
back off bro::steve nash makes this team so much better
nichobo::Lakers = Finals... If you don't like it, you better learn to LOVE IT... WOOOOOOOO!
CubicleJoe::perhaps.  seems early to call it with any accuracy.
mmaze79::It's never too early for crazy predictions!!
kobepac24::Ol Captain crunch 59 must have forgot that the clips lead the division last season only to lose it to the Lakers.
DodgersLakersUberAlles::Deja Vu...
kobepac24::Lol to those who have crown the Clips after the first 27 games. Call me when they hang that 27 game championship banner. Clipper we all know they haven't been here before. But you can still act like it.
NumberOneCaddy::Felton is the black hole in the knicks offense.  What is his FG% for this season?
CubicleJoe::39.6% - pretty awful.  he should not be taking 19 shots unless he's hit 15 in a row.  drive and break down the D should be his game, kick to shooters or cutters.
army of bono::He's been shooting terribly the last few weeks.  Wouldn't hurt so bad if he didn't take so many shots.
Miami-Star1::The CLIPPERS RULE, Goodbye!
bankerelm::they have a great season but still havent proved anything yet. They need to bring a banner first
Miami-Star1::true
numb1lakefanespn::moving on to the lakers vs denver post..good win
Captain59::The Clippers still rule Los Angeles. As long as they keep winning, nothing the Lakers do can change that.   Los Angeles is Clippers Country! Eat that, Kobe.
DodgersLakersUberAlles::This reeks of a fan who's team hasnt had much success.
bankerelm::make some noise in the playoffs clippers. They dont rule LA yet.
Cornball Brother.::How many championships did ur clipper team bring to los angeles?
NumberOneCaddy::It is good for the lakers offense that Dwight Howard takes 10 shots or less from the field.
frmkt::I trust Nash with the ball. Eventually, the team will take what the defense gives them. Opposing teams will adjust their defense now that the team is "whole" again and that's when Nash will truly shine. It's incredible how well he has played after such a long layoff and returning from what basically was a BROKEN LEG! Kobe can now really play his natural position and should remain efficient as ever. Lots of ball movement, great PG play and they appear to be playing DEFENSE! I was sure that the Knicks would goad Kobe into "Jack-Mode" but I'm happy to eat crow this morning. It was a good win against a good team. Let's see what happens on 1/4/13!
kobepac24::With three other shooters on the floor I don't think its a problem
dom3983::It always great to get your big men involved especially when they have size and power like Dwight. I think Nash over the next few games will help get more production from the dwight and pau. lakers cant rely on outside shooting all the time.
bankerelm::i wish they would pass him the ball more
Cornball Brother.::u think? He has the best FG % on the team. They'll score more if he take more shots
NumberOneCaddy::Yeah but they WIN more if he concentrate on playing defense and hold the other team to under 100 points...
Cornball Brother.::Is Dwight ever gonna take at least 15 shots?
kobepac24::Lakers have 4 guys who can shoot the ball. So he's not going to get 20 shots a night.
JKRIII::The guy just had back surgery.  We are lucky he is even on the court.
nba is the worst::Nice to see Nash's D held Felton to 5-19 shooting
dom3983::Im afraid the Knicks steam will slowly fade. they will be a top 4 seed, but the age on this team may hurt them and three point reliant teams soon fade out in the playoffs.
numb1lakefanespn::felton did not play like himself
DodgersLakersUberAlles::That was nice. Ppl were saying Felton was going to scorch Nash.
numb1lakefanespn::lakers won without a bench we have a good starting 4..... nash kobe metta howard
CubicleJoe::5.  they have a strong starting 5.
awesome0_3000::Knicks can't even beat the Lakers? lol
