auburn177777::dallas need to beat the .... out the grizzles with god anything is possible.
Beanslams46::Panic, panic, let's throw D.Fish under the bus.....  --marc the mavs
grizz0957::nice win.. we need another one tonight ...
eric-bledsoe-666::clippers&gt;memphis  nuff  said
stathusker::Glad you're obsessed with us, thank you
nba is the worst::Nice game Grizz - keep up that team play!
knight_rider_1983::17,766 on hand tonight, Lets go grizz nation we only need a few more commitments to sell the place out every night, Come on grizz nation lets do our part and make the grind house a real home court advantage
Kobelies247::Why would Dirk even want to come back to this mess?
Justinkm83::Credit to the Mavs they fought hard. Turning point was with 5 minutes left when Zach pushed Marion in the back with no foul called, got the rebound, and got an and 1. It was 6 point game and the Mavs had the momentum at the time.
emthomasjr::Pretty good crowd there tonight too, for a 27 degree night in Bluff City!
emthomasjr::Good win, but why on the highlights did they not show the best two dunks of the game (QPon and Speights on the and1)?
Grindhouse2413::Four in a row baby. Held OJ to one damn point in the first half. Damn good job TA. Great team win tonight like most nights. Lets do the same in Houston tomorrow night. TA va Harden round 2!
Justinkm83::Its been pretty easy for teams to guard Mayo lately. He is double teamed all game. That won't happen when Dirk gets back
emthomasjr::But OJ was hardly double teamed when he played for the Grizzlies last year and was still slaw in the playoffs.  OJ is good enough to still be able to get his shot when keyed in on. It is a matter of doing it.
emthomasjr::It will be tough in Houston, but the rate determining factor will be whether we come to play or whether we come to BS around and try to get over like we did vs. Phoenix.
tulanePKS::The problem with O.J. Mayo is that he can only put up the big numbers if the offense is flowing through him.   Teams will have to ask themselves this free agency if they really want O.J. to be their "go-to-guy," because he can't play the game in any other role.   It should be interesting to see what happens when Dirk comes back.
SashaNein::The only mistake the Grizzlies made with OJ Mayo was failing to trade him for a point guard. We let him walk and got nothing of value. If anyone thinks it was dumb of the Grizzlies to let OJ walk, that's just ignorance. In the years that we did let him take a lot of shots, we had to because there was no Z-Bo, Mike Conley sucked, and Marc Gasol was just starting out. OJ Mayo can average 20 PPG on any bad team in the league, including the Grizzlies during those bad seasons. We failed to replace him properly, but that's only because we should've traded him right at the trade deadline.
emthomasjr::Having watched and rooted for OJ for 4 years, the problem with OJ is all psychological.  OJ really doesn't think that his best is good enough to match up with or beat the best of others, so when he goes against high levels of competition, he gets easily frustrated, presses and tries too hard and goes away from what works or what he does well.  Part of it has been coaching - nobody has ever coached him on "doing your homework early," i.e. being proactive rather than reactive, but part of it is simply mental.  It would bother me the way he would perseverate on being an "undersized 2 guard" and how he felt like he was a point guard, but he's really not that good at passing or dribbling.  Mayo is a combo-guard.  He's a good shooter.  Once he gets it in his mind that he is actually a really good shooter and needs to work on learning how to get his shot when the defense is keyed in on him, he will tap into his potential and become the player people think he is capable of.  That, and if he could figure out how to not dribble the ball off his foot or above his shoulder.
Carbon-based::Dallas is trash
Eg214::Lol your team is trash
Carbon-based::Mark Cuban is a dummy
MTigers4Ever::Good job Griz, lets win that championship.
Carbon-based::Mavs suck
1grizzfan4life::Good job Grizz! Let's conquer Houston tomorrow! A place we never win
HaroldBatesJr::They will tomorrow nobody wants to play the Grizzlies right now.
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Dirk should consider sitting the whole year out and getting fully healthy for maybe 1 more run, because this team is not going anywhere this year even with him.
Carbon-based::That $@%! is done
rc021363::Good game, Mav fans.  Grit N Grind Grizzlies!!
epitome1986::only thing that can correct the mavericks in time for dirk to contend for another title, is if howard leaves the lakers and signs with dallas. while also holding on to mayo, collison, brand, and the rest of the team.
HookemHelwig::Not even then, Howard is a basket case and We HAD the perfect center for our team in Chandler. TOO LATE
epitome1986::howards defense can prolong dirks career. he also drastically improves dallas in two categories that are costing games, rebounding and defense.
Stephen21284::Lakers-  the team everybody hates.
deftonessfsf::no
Lordkrimson::"lDont mind the Spurs.    $@%!$@% HATE THE LAKERS.    almost as much as the clippers"lol... Who would have thunk 2 years ago...
SteeleKen::LOL...why you gotta "hate" the Lakers...Laker fans never hated Dallas...respected them mostly....back in the day, these two teams made for great playoff action....
icepik1234::Dont mind the Spurs.  $@%!$@% HATE THE LAKERS.  almost as much as the clippers.
wreckem tech101::or Spurs
deftonessfsf::no
HaroldBatesJr::Just keep winning Grizzlies keep beating the best teams then espn will have to mention you. Grizz Nation!!!!!
Lordkrimson::Damn a mention, I want a ring!
SteeleKen::Grizzlies - the team no one hates....
HookemHelwig::Who?
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Bull  They said that last year, and the Clippers of all teams beat them in the 1st round...
SteeleKen::but most do not want to meet
SteeleKen::Mav's fan commend OJ for his defensive prowess...
MWaugTigerFan::@steel  Yeah because you acted like OJ was just playing bad, when in actuality it was Tony Allen's D
icepik1234::You didnt say mayo. You said him responding to a post I made about Tony Allens defensive prowess and asked if "he" was on the court to play defense. The other 2 people that posted under me also thought the same thing.
icepik1234::He mentioned Mayo in his first post. Not in his second post that was in response to my post about Tony Allen. When you use a pronoun in response to what someone said it usually refers to the subject of the comment you are responding to, i.e. Allen.
HookemHelwig::I think he mentioned Mayo...
icepik1234::You're an idiot. I was talking about Allen not Mayo.
SteeleKen::then you're the idiot because you replied to my post about MAYO dooooshbag
wreckem tech101::no for offense but he can't carry this team like Dirk can
Stephen21284::You suck at trolling. stahp!!
SteeleKen::truth is not trolling kid...move along
HookemHelwig::The ghost and ghost decision to let Tyson Chandler go will haunt Mavs fans forever.....stupid stupid stupid.  No amount of newspeak from our local a$$-kissing media and double talk from Cuban will change the truth.  You never let a top 4 big man go, that plays defense and has a good attitude.  This just sux.
epitome1986::he is having his prime season right now too! dallas could have repeated by a returning cast, chandler entering his prime seasons, while adding back butler!
HookemHelwig::You are right.....nothing is guarenteed, except not winning last year and this year and next years championship.
AKsparky907::Nice game grizz! 4 in a row!
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Mavs blow.  Back to reality for Orange J, nothing but a bench player masquerading as a starter.
Stephen21284::coming from a lakers fan hahaha.
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Obviously you missed the 2nd post, we are moving up and the Havs are going nowhere..  It was all fun and games when Mavs fans troll and laugh at the Lakers, now reality is setting it for them, good luck in the lottery, cause Dirk is not enough to help this sad bunch.
pedrobear1::KOBE..THE..GLOAT.. - Lakers 12-14  Havs 12-15  Yes I can talk right now....  That is the sad state of the Laker
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Were moving up, and you guys are moving down....
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Lakers 12-14  Havs 12-15  Yes I can talk right now....
JoJo_Monson125370::Can you pick the best nba team:  http://tinyurl.com/free-fantasy-entry-for-nba
Benjamayne::and thats why memphis doesnt miss oj mayo, he did about as well in this game as he did in each game of the playoffs last year
Everyday im Shufflin 290::GG Mavs OJ might  regrets about what he said today ?
SteeleKen::Dirk should stay on inured list all year....he deserves a better cast than what they currently have
HookemHelwig::Right on SteeleKen.  The mavs and mavs fans deserved the right to defend their championship, that is earned.  This is just sad.
Stephen21284::You are sounding so dumb and immature right now.
edstsdfsd20::did any mavs fans had hope in these games....my hope comes when Dirk comes back..this team is garbage without him
Stephen21284::I always have hope for my mavs, through the good and bad times.
HookemHelwig::Great, truth is truth....how bad do you hope Tyson Chandler playing well again,  by miracle, will be back on the Mavs.  Great fans can hold their team's management accountable.
wreckem tech101::high five that
SteeleKen::OJ 6 for 25 last 2 games...
MWaugTigerFan::Apparently you don't know much about Tony Allen... his goal every game is to shut down his man, not score
icepik1234::Yes. He still scored 10 points tonight, which is as good or better than 4 of your 5 starters.
motifman79::yep he wouldnt start if it wasnt for his defense
icepik1234::Not his fault tonight. Tony Allen shuts down whoever he is playing. In the last 2 games he has kept the man he was guarding to 3 field goals total for 7 points. Both players averaging over 18 ppg this season by the way.
SteeleKen::so he's there to play D and not score? LOL
pharrigan7::Hard to believe how bad the Mavs have become so quickly.  Love Cuban but he really messed this up.  Dirk will help but not enough.
Whutitdew3::oh he will help trust me and so will the other 3 guys that have been out
pharrigan7::I'd like to but I think there will be a huge gap between them and the top teams.  Maybe make the playoffs but even thats a stretch.
Cindy_Nguyen72::fuccking assshole dall. coach and all fuccking supit players
HookemHelwig::Dang there gansta girl......Coach is great, top 5 coach in the league....you can't make prime rib out of dirty yard bird.
lebron built american airlines arena with his bricks::flagged
motifman79::Wait... Tony Allen scored the same amount I did??? *^^#%&amp;%@*(@%&amp;*%#*)&amp;%#^*%^@(%  ~OJ MAYO
SteeleKen::OJ 6 for 24 in last 2 games....
pharrigan7::Tough going when you are the only one they have to guard on the whole team.  He's being targeted every night.
Stephen21284::Mavericks have classy fans. GO MAVS!!
Stephen21284::YES, I'm proud to be a mavs fan too.
icepik1234::Youre a mavs fan...
looju54::+10.5
Cindy_Nguyen72::supit fking Dallas do U think U come back to wi this fking game with 18 second? fking stupit son the bittch
kmatese::Knew it would be tough against a very good Memphis team. Need Dirk back in a hurry! Love the Mavs Regardless, good game Grizz!
carlmatrix::Seriously Dojo?
Tyler BarnesMNSports::Grizzlies win. I'm off to the Hornets vs Spurs board, nice talking to you all
epitome1986::$@%!$@% cuban! he should have kept corey brewer and tyler zeller! that way the mavericks wouldn't get ate up on the boards every !$@%!$@ night!
Whutitdew3::mavs didn't do that bad on the boards. this is one of the best rebounding team in the nba. we are just really short handed tonight. collison, fisher, brand, dirk have been out.  Plus defenses are loading up on mayo and kaman has just been sucking lately
pharrigan7::Mavs are one of the worst rebounding teams if not the worst.  This happens pretty much every night.
motifman79::Only one game this season allowing 100 or more points... and that was the first game of the year!!!! Go Grizz Grit~N~Grind baby
License to Lillard::LOL  Andrew Bynum's bowling ball...
Stephen21284::Grizzlies have a very good team , coming from a Mavericks fan.
Stephen21284::It won't be that easy when dirk comes back!
Whutitdew3::good luck grizz fans for the season! we will see another matchup soon! good game!
Andrew Bynums Bowling Ball::Congratulations Grizz. I don't hate y'all. Y'all have one of the more likable teams in the west. I wish y'all luck this season. - MFFL
bluewhitetitansfight::Good luck to you as well, you hung around with us without your superstar and an average game from Mayo, that's something to build off of. As a Grizz fan, can't wait to see Dirk back in action! I enjoy watching him play.
icepik1234::Thanks sir. Cant wait to see yall with Dirk back. Good luck with OJ flourishing into the star we know he can be.
Andrew Bynums Bowling Ball::Thank you sir.
Stephen21284::Prediction : Dirk gets 40 points for his first game.
Everyday im Shufflin 290::THUNDA DA NA NA NA
