Gamham34::Do they have hurt players? YES! Do they need more time?? YES! Now when this happens, the knicks will be good, and will be able to work together right. Until then all you knicks haters need to stop sucking dick and get a life.
CosmoKramer1444::What a joke of a team.
NyKnicksFan03::This team is Abysmal.  They play with no F@wkin HEART.  No Passion, no sense of urgency.  That is the Coaches REsponsibility to get his team REady to play.  This Team has Quit on A'ntoni the Bum.
dysraw1::Dolan  is a sucker too he pays ppl to do nothing ei [ marblehead marbury] and keeps listening to dick dantone excuses every night
CorsoKO40::andre miller is easily a starter on most teams outside of denver.
ecelam83::yep, we should definitley look into it
dysraw1::i mean you hire all these scouts, and so called basketball minds and the best you can come up with Baron Davis who might be ready in a month  or not
ecelam83::it's a big gamble, if they were smart they would try to trade for either ramon sessions, or andre miller in denver who seems to be very unhappy as a backup
ecelam83::ha ha you got a point!!!!
Wall St. pro::The Knicks have been garbage this entire season. I wish they never got rid of Gallinari, chandler, and felton. Now they have no depth and their offense has no chemistry. I hope D'Antoni gets canned,
ecelam83::believe me you r not the only one
ecelam83::but  with that being said we were 28-26  with those guys, and we're a .500 team with this version, it's definitely  coaching
dysraw1::hey im not mad about getting anyone of those guys but just like chess if you dont use your pieces correctly you lose
dysraw1::Eric Blesoe would do a wonderful job here
dysraw1::dont get me wrong i dont dislike B-diddy, and i do think that if healthy he can contribute. why wait for that
ecelam83::i hear u man, i hear u
dysraw1::thats another thing they bring this brokeback moutain dude here and hes the savior, there are point guards to spare all around,including the d-league
dysraw1::i dont know why the ownership doesnt see it
ecelam83::i thnik they do, but they want to see baron davis run this team before they decide to fire him
ecelam83::now u see where i'm coming from, the problem with our team's inconsistent play is because dantoni is not manning up and coaching these guys, he is acting like he did during his last year in phoenix, when steve kerr put him in his place, he pouted and found his way to ny.
ecelam83::it's like he doesn't want to admit that he has to change his offensive philosophy with this group of knicks, it's all about his ego
dysraw1::we are talking about the knicks
ecelam83::gotcha, agree with ur prior post
dysraw1::the 1 with Zach Randolf Jamal Crawford  &amp; Nate
ecelam83::i would have to agree with u on that one, we were actually playing good ball with that squad until donnie w. blew te whole thing up to get stat, melo, and chandler
dysraw1::here is the differance between a good coach, i bet if Mark Jackson wouldve inherited the same team ricky d. got we wouldve still been competitive
ecelam83::which team r u implying
Pusherman3::Ouch
dysraw1::if your coach is gay &amp; soft you can you bet the the team is gonna play gay &amp; soft
T8ke_A_Picture::True, the Thunder was losing their first seasons because of the coach. Thunder went with Scott Brooks, they actually started competing. I don't think that will work the same with the Knicks, they don't have rookies to learn the game, they have players that won't change for nothing.
T8ke_A_Picture::Maybe Tebow can be the trainer for the Knicks and give them some heart.
ecelam83::it's all a reflection of the head coaching
dbaerry::d antoni knows how to coach the game of baskeetball
ecelam83::yeah and i bet u do with that assesment right?? dantoni only knows offense fo one, is too dedicated to his seven seconds or less to see he doesn't have the point gurd he needs to run it, and he lets melo run amuck, also lets td, bill walker, shumpert outchuck stat, etc, etc, if he knew how to coach, he would change his system to work with the personnell he has. coach karl did it in denver, coach spo did it in miami, even mike brown is doing it in la, face it dantoni is noting more than an offensive assistant at best buddy, think before u speak!!!
dysraw1::dude you really know very little about the game
ecelam83::REALLY?!!!!! i coudn't tell!!!
dysraw1::lol
T8ke_A_Picture::I look up soft and saw a picture of Paul and Marc Gasol.
T8ke_A_Picture::Ex Seattle Sonic fans make me laugh, so typical. The first Thunder seasons it was haha, lol, lmao, rofl when we was having losing seasons. Now it's the team should still be here in Seattle and Seattle Sonics forever, well you new Blazer fans need to get over it. Either you keep crying or become a Thunder fan.
dbaerry::im a true thunder fan...  i just switched to celtics cause the sonics were turrible. horrtible. but now im back wih okc and boy r they good
ecelam83::ha ha ha!!!
dysraw1::screw lebron he never intended on being anywhere but where he is
ecelam83::exactly, i don't know what pjazzr is talking about, lebron always wanted to play with wade
phatty3327::des carmelo watch nuggets games
phatty3327::does he do it with a smile or a frown
ecelam83::ha ha , i'm guessing it's a smile because melo is playing for such a crappy coach
ecelam83::i'm sure he does, and coach karl is doing far more eith less talent, not to mention he actually has 2 good point guards
pjazzr::You complain complain
pjazzr::This why you never had any good player come to New York.. I NOW see why Lebron didn't come.  Good for him
ecelam83::yeah, and why is that pjazzer?
pjazzr::give the player a chance to play together.  Get a coach that understand who his player are.  Put players in position where you can  get the most.  drop the every just go down and shot the 3,  2 points work just as well
dbaerry::mikhail pietrus is better than stat atm
dysraw1::Stu Jackson would be and upgrade
mbatkiew::Tom Brady's punt  &gt;  The entire Knicks franchise
dysraw1::watch the good teams in the league, D-Rose has gone to another level, the pacers well built  very deep and give a good performance every night, the griz, smash the knicks with their best man down. the thunder are gonna be world champs. and im not being unfair to dick dantone ive been calling for his head since he got here  i wanted that man whose running things in goldenstate
FingerRoleJoeTM::You guys are crazy with all this fire Dantoni talk....fair weather fans if they were winning you would call him the greatest.  IF you fire him, who do you replace him with?  i bet it won't be an upgrade
dysraw1::ratso rizzo would be an upgrade
dysraw1::boy i bet STAT would kill to have Raymond Felton back poor guy is lost without a set up man. in my mind the coach has to go,these blowouts are unacceptable, an you would have to be blind not to see its his offense &amp; defensive schemes thats the cause. what coach is gonna let a rookie go 5 for 20 without saying yo pass the ball &amp; drive to the hoop. everybody on the team shoots 3s whenever they feel like it. we avg like 90 turnovers per game,and all he can say is we gotta keep working. well i say that if your working at it so hard there should be some results
pjazzr::No, that's not the reason.   It's coaching and lack of plays.  It's just run down the floor and throw up the ball
freroht::at the end of the year, Melo and Stoudermire will start whining wanting a trade. This is why you don't trade for these kind of players, they are in for the glory only, not the hard work
pjazzr::Amare has never whine his whole career.  Why didn't he do that last year.  But he helped build the confidence of the other players.  He's never been like that will will never become that.  melo has a statement in his contract that he can leave in his third year.
mr_awesome13::haha
mr_awesome13::ha
mr_awesome13::golfman is such a $@%!$ $@%!$@%! on nhl
Dave34613::Amare is totally worth the 6 million a year he makes.........Oh, wait?
cpfuzz2::Knicks not even a playoff team right now. So much for a top-4 finish in the east. anybody who thinks Amar'e is healthy right now hasn't been watching. Guess this is why nobody would insure his contract.
nycpratl::I was among those who thought they would improve significantly.  We expected way too much from Chandler. His career belies what he is; inconsistent, foul prone, unreliable.  Looks lost out there a lot of the time.  This is not Bill Russell. If as you suggest Amare is injured big trouble. Knicks are stuck with remaining $80M (incl this year) through 2015.  That's a lot of cash and cap space tied up with an injured, rapidly declining guy.
pjazzr::Stop complaining about Amare, he has only helped you.
Luclongley_MVP::Sooo the Knicks have no shot of winning in the playoffs.  They have no shot of winning in the regular season.  Why exactly did the Knicks get Amare and Melo?
Dave34613::Cuz Melo is a baller....when the Knicks need him to play well, he swallows his balls!
nycpratl::To increase the value of the team.  Those are 2 big names to lock in season tickets for years ahead.  Merchandising and TV revenue also way up.  Knicks are a bad accident and we like watching bad accidents.  Winning is incidental.  The most active ownership representative is James Dolan.  He's widely viewed as a meddling buffoon.  He pushed for the Anthony deal and grossly overpaid against the wiser advice of Donnie Walsh.  Exit Donnie Walsh yet another sane voice lost.
nycpratl::This is about what this team will produce; .500 record, 1st round sweep exit from playoffs if they make the playoffs.  Watch for Anthony to start publicly griping soon (remember Marbury?).  He'll probably push out Dantoni for starters.  That would help if coordinated with other urgently needed changes.  Not the way this team is run.  Chandler's durability (fragility) lurks in the background.  Same with Stoudamire.  In the meantime one could reasonably take five guys on a playground pick up game and get them to work together better than this bunch.
nba is the worst::Poor Knicks fans - another game over by halftime
eQ2.0::It might have been Chandler a lone that got all the credit for the defensive prowess of DAL last season but in truth the combination of Caron, Chandler, Brandon and Stevenson gave Dallas defense some teeth. That's what created the defensive culture.
nba is the worst::Caron didn't make the playoffs - and Brendan avgd what - 15 minutes tops?
mbatkiew::I think he meant Shawn Marion but, still, he's right. Everyone, except the Knicks, knew not to overpay for Chandler.
CandySparker::Seattle SuperSonics &gt; New York Knicks
wpjd::The effort wasn't there!
arizonasportsman::Poor Knicks, gonna have $54 million salary in just 3 players next season :)
arizonasportsman::I thought Chandler was suppose to transform the Knicks on defense?
franciscoperez21::Can we all just take a collective breath? I've been a knick fan my whole life and I've been dying to see good knicks basketball for so long that this maddeningly inconsistent mediocre team we've got right now is driving me crazy too.  But it's still early in the season, this team is full of new faces, and there was no training camp/preseason.  even the miami heat we're 9-8 last year, and look at we're there are at now (they may not be championship locks but they're certainly better than the mess i just watched in memphis and okc).  so let's see what if anything baron davis has left in the tank and if they still suck then fire d'antoni and find a coach that can coach what remains a really talented team. season's still young.  a little patience.  even in new york we can at least give d'antoni a few more weeks.
nycpratl::Hoping it away will not fix this. Ineffective coaching staff, overpaid, overestimated players, no concept of or capacity for teamwork, mismatch of talent, very thin bench.  Baron Davis has created problems everywhare he's been.  He's the savior??  Cannot compare to Miami.  Wade and James are two of the best players in the history of the game.  That organization is run by Pat Riley with a 30 year career culture of winning.  Knicks are pre-Chris Paul Clippers east.  tAction required right now.
austuc33::heat and thunder close doh
drinkinkoolaid::Won't be 76ers ha!
CompletelyIrrevelant::Hollinger is stupid
nba is the worst::According to Hollinger it will be
76ers_all_day::naw...
columbia314::fields playing 31 minutes has got to stop i know the bench is thin but he dosent rebound cant score and his defense is avg at best.  wish we could trade him to china for wilson chandler or jr smith.
itsaboutteam::Knicks before the Carmelo trade &gt; the current Knicks
nyli516516::yes sir brotha
pjazzr::they need to stop with the trade talk, or make their trades RIGHT Now or they will NEVER have a winning team
ecelam83::i agree, we need to build on what we have, and not look for the next big star(Howard) who is going to the lakers anyway
ecelam83::not really, before the trade they were 28-26, after the trade  they are 20-20 not much different to me
MEEENMACHINE::Anyone joining the Knicks , under the Dantoni system is automatically awarded to be a competent outside shooter. One rookie , who is a decent outside shooter took more 3's in 10 games under Dantoni then 3 years in College . Another rookie who was got drafted late because the word on him was that he can't shoot a lick from the outside, was permitted to take 25 long range jumpers in 2 games, he was never told to stop shooting because he made 1 from the 25 shots in the 2 games.
JohnSHwang::D'Antoni is a very limited coach imo, but to be fair, what the Knicks are playing now is not "the D'Antoni system".  He doesn't have the personnel to run his system, and doesnt seem to have the ability to come up with any strategy to complement his personnel.  His system requires a playmaking PG and guys who can run and are active. Knicks are almost strictly a perimeter team at the moment.
ecelam83::yeah he put moved shump over to the 2guard spot. to bad the team still didn't form the offense around stat, absolutely horrible!!!
MEEENMACHINE::Because Melo was out , he stuck Bibby in the starting lineup. I think it could of been a repeat performance , otherwise.
ecelam83::obviously it woldn't be dantoni, he encourages players to take the shot.
MEEENMACHINE::Today he cut back a little from the outside. I don't think it was Dantoni . I think his friends told him that Reggie Miller ,  Barkely , Fratello , Walt Frazier , Mike Breen layed into him for being such a chucker , when he's the point guard and he's  a rookie with no conscience .
ecelam83::definetly not, if we had rondo as our pg it would be a wrap!!!!
MEEENMACHINE::What's hilarious is that he was left open for most of them , for a reason . He obliged ! He's no Rondo !
ecelam83::i can't help but agree with u boss, it makes me sick with all of those jumpshots instead of attacking the rim and getting to the foul line.
MEEENMACHINE::Melo , Amare , Fields and Chandler were on the court with the kid !  2 guys need touches , one guy needs penetration and dish and the other needs give and go's. Chucking it up from 25 feet , when you know you can't shoot is not the answer. The Knicks got blown out , because every play led to a long rebound and easy layup at the other end. Sure fire way to be down by 20 in the first quarter.
ecelam83::yeah, and good coaches can adjust, or just man up and coach. any time you allow guys like douglas and shumpert to chuck shot after shot at stats expense, that your'e just a bad coach it's that plain and simple
ecelam83::YEP. the product of bad coaching!!!!
MEEENMACHINE::The games were on Wed. and Thur. and I'm still in disbelief that that kid took so many shots, missed all of them , other players wern't touching the ball , they were almost all from around the 3 point line and not once did Dantoni pull him over to the side and lay into him.
eliassteve::Somehow find a trade for Nash and all the Knicks trouble will be over. I am sure Knicks can find a deal good enough that Phoenix will take. Nash+ Melo+Amare+Chandler. Give it some time for it to gel and Knicks could pull off a couple of upsets in the playoffs.
Ashley809173::they dont have a pick untill 2020
28NYjets::would they take fields and douglas? i dont know if it works or not just throwing out names that i could accept losing for nash. probably wishful thinking
Eatin Turnips::What in the world can the Knicks give the Suns???  Knicks already gave away all their tradable players for Melo, and used their amnesty to get Chandler.  THERE IS NOTHING LEFT THAN ANY OTHER TEAM WANTS!!!
ecelam83::agreed unfortunately the only way we have a shot at nash is free agency this summer. we will have to hope baron can run this offense because if not  we are screwed!!!
JohnSHwang::Who would the Suns take for Nash?  We have no one.  Nash is the only reason any Suns fans still show up, and unlike a lot of star players, he seems happy with his team and not trying to force a trade.  But yes, the Knicks need a real PG. Not sure Baron will be the answer.
Hank Rutherford Hill::The Melo trade will probably go down as one of the worst in history
JohnSHwang::Melo and Stat are both very good players, but the problem is they are redundant and occupy the same space in the offense which is mid-range shooting.  If one was a post player and the other an outside shooter or a slasher, the offense would have more versatility.  As composed right now, they really need a PG who can make plays and initiate the offense, otherwise one plays iso while th eother stands around.
ecelam83::not even, melo does everything offensively, while stat is a faceup slasher, mid-range shooter who relies heavliy on the pick and roll. with dantoni around i agree we need a pure point guard, because dantoni is coddling to melo and leaving stat in the cold offensively, that is why stat is pressing so much when he gets the ball.
Ashley809173::id rather trade melo straight up or melo + chandler
ecelam83::love the senseless melo comments
Eatin Turnips::Not sure anyone would pay for Melo...
eliassteve::If you guys to turn, Chandler+ Amare for Dwight Howard, that would make up for all Knicks mistake.
Ashley809173::melo for howard, melo  sucks, hes overrated, atleast keepin stat and chandler u have a hugh front court.
pjazzr::not with the same coach.  Melo should be in Minn.  They play slow and play the zone D.
MEEENMACHINE::Not if you keep Dantoni ! Dantoni needs a penetrating point guard with 4 outside shooters ! Amare and Chandler to the Nyets for Deron and Murrow !  Now you see why you need to fire Dantoni !
butl5077::i left with 8 mins left and the thunder were up by 25ish. how did they not win by more? did the scrubs com in?
Eatin Turnips::yep
Ashley809173::no harden durant westbrook ibaka in final 12 minutes.
eliassteve::Wow Knicks found another Eddy Curry in Chandler in a bad contract with the knicks. Wonder why Mavs did not sign him?
Ashley809173::see heers the prob, the system was  a pg pushing system, of 8 sec or less, melo takes 8 secs to square up lol. hes a ball stopper who shoots only!
ecelam83::im sorry but i have to jump in here ashley, melo is also leading the team in asists!!! cmon stop the senseless melo bashing, mike dantoni's system didnt win a championship in phoenix, won't win it here with the knicks, and teams that employ that system(golden state, phoenix, toronto) their records speak for themselves!!!!
eliassteve::Remember in Dantoni's system in Phoenix, everyone had overblown stats. Joe Johnson made a living out of it.
MEEENMACHINE::Hehe, Quentin Richardson could of been an All -Star for Dantoni !
eliassteve::14 points in an offensive system should not be hailed as a top performance. They overpaid him.
Ashley809173::no wrong on both, if we could trade melo/stat get a alstarr pg hed be a solid 15 pts 10 rebs dan in day out
ecelam83::not even close man what game are u watching, i agree they ovepaid for him though
EmergingInThought::http://www.whatthehellbook.com/2012/01/05/fired-for-not-believing-in-hell/
Eatin Turnips::Denver Knicks &gt; New York Knicks
eliassteve::Wow they found another Eddy Curry in Chandler. Wonder why Mavs did not sign him?
mcase94::knicks have all pieces but a true point, and a little more depth off bench
Eatin Turnips::Seriously - HOW are they going to get that???  Their BIG THREE was supposed to be the answer - they gave away the farm for Melo, amnesited Billups for Chandler.  THEY'VE GOT NOTHING LEFT!!!
ecelam83::and a coach who will actually coach
ecelam83::yeah, until we get a new coach and a pure point guard. then well see
Eatin Turnips::Same thing we heard about getting Stat.  Then Melo.  Then Chandler.  Then Baron.    Got rid of two point guards.  No money.  No picks.    So ya - we'll see.
Ashley809173::imagine if denver had chandler tooo
Ashley809173::melo is becoming a vince carter, a crybaby who can score put up numbes but plays no d is not tough an cannot win!
ecelam83::it's just amazing how everybody is piling up on melo as the reason the knicks suck. you all are wrong!!! the reason the knicks are doing badly is because of dantoni!!! just look at when melo was on the nuggets compared to now, coach karl was the reason for that teams success, he handled melo like a man and actually coached him, and the nuggets became a 50+ win powerhouse!!! DANTONI is just a terrible coach who tries to coddle melo instead of actually coach him!!! the knicks need a coach who will man up, and then these off base comments will cease!
Ashley809173::dirk n melo are wayy differnt man, melo ditched denver for nyc and $ dirk stayed n won he never $@%!$@% and alwyas plays hard
MEEENMACHINE::To funny , I bet you were also knocking Dirk  for the last 10 years. Get a grip on yourself ! Both are extremely talented offensively that demand to be double teamed, both are below avg. defensively. Being double teamed is major asset for a team .  Melo always wanted to play in NY , he now needs a coach to demand discipline from all the players on both ends of the court. Cutting down on outside jumpers , quality shots in quality time and Defense for easy baskets.
Ashley809173::melo seems uncoachable, he just wants $ and to score 30 and hes content
MEEENMACHINE::He leads the Knicks in Assists and he doesn't have the ball 1/2 the time Lebron has.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::But this year I have watched him not pass the ball when he could have.
MEEENMACHINE::If he didn't get it . He would of shot the ball(Ala Rose or Westbrook) last year when he got doubled and not pass to Jeffries.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::He does not get it.
MEEENMACHINE::Yeah and every hoopoligist(Not me) had Melo being a better player then Dirk, before last year ! With discipline he can be another Dirk.Meaning, control the ball , if you get doubled its a plus because you have a guy wide open.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::He is as selfish as iverson but he does not care if he wins. AI wanted to win and worked for it.
MEEENMACHINE::They said Dirk was soft ! Bring in a Riley type ... He'll kick @ss !
MEEENMACHINE::Dirk Nowitski is no defensive stopper and he just won a championship ! Its the coach that can make the difference. DISCIPLINE is the name of the game !
Ashley809173::such a bad trade, they put all there eggs into 2 unproven guys who only score melo and stat. can they trade ether of them?
Frank Reynolds is back 4::He was always that way.. Now people notice because he is in NYC
rwilliams75::so now you Knick fans see what i watched as a season ticket holder in Denverthe whole time he was there. Like i said when the trade went down, be careful whatyou wish for.
DA Lakers son::Melo sux
mcase94::rondo&gt; everyone except nash and rose, come at me....
mcase94::in all seriousness that guy rand) is ridiculous i know basketball and sports and dont like people who troll he was out of line
ecelam83::agreed, it's nice to have a constructive debate
mcase94::and by my original comment i meant among PG's, only a troll couldnt figure that out
ecelam83::i get u man and as a knicks fan i love rondo, but 1 on 1 and comparing stats i only give rondo the edge in defense and passing, but if you encompass everything, he fails in comparison to rose, paul, and williams, who set the standard for the position. i would take rondo over westbrook though:)
mcase94::and lead league in assists and is top 3 in steals among Pg's
mcase94::ok but what he lacks in shooting he makes up for with hustle speed athleticism large hands great rebounding and superb transition offense prior to this season he was catalyst for big 3 now they are older and he is adjustimg rand, not a troll just wanted a discussion
mcase94::im not trying to troll just prompted a conversation and you couldnt handle it/wanted people to like your corny comments
ecelam83::ok i'll come at you, rondo is in no way better than rose chris paul, deron williams, or russell westbrook because he can do everything but shoot consitently, and that flaw can be covered when you have ray allen, and paul pierce on your team
Rand0687::You're trying to troll the comments section of a Knicks/Thunder game, trying to start an argument about Rondo. And getting jealous and assuming that I (a stranger) is trying to get likes from other strangers.  You're bored. And an ineffective troll.
mcase94::another attempt to get likes wish you luck man
Rand0687::Wish you luck on your future trolling endeavors.
mcase94::im not trolling dicckhead you are clearly ignorant
Rand0687::I know you're not. You're trying to troll. And it's bad.
mcase94::not trolling thought you "best in west" fans could have discussion ...i happen to be an intelligent and loyal fan , rand
Rand0687::Not an OKC fan. Or a Knicks fan.  Stop trolling.
Rand0687::Stop trolling.
ohedoh::It's amusing how all the Knicks fans here blame D'Antoni for everything.  I guess that's easier than acknowledging the truth -- that Anthony and Stoudemire aren't good enough to bring any playoff success to this team.  Chandler is a decent, although limited, player.  Anthony and Stoudemire can't and won't defend anybody, and they were that way long before they ever met D'Antoni.  What you have in the Knicks, regardless of who coaches them, is a team that will make the lower half of the playoff bracket for the next four years or so and be eliminated in the first or second round.  I guess that's better than they've been, but it's e nothing exciting.  Rather than building a team, the Knicks tried to buy one, and that usually doesn't work too well.
pjazzr::how many players do you need to change before you admit it's the coach.  The buck stops there
MEEENMACHINE::What coach permits his point guard to take 25 long range shots in 2 games (Making 1) , knowing that the point guard's knock leaving college was that he didn't have a jump shot ? I assume you want Amare to bring up the ball , so that he can get his own shot ! It was Dantoni who was clueless when he was told that his point guard took more shots then all the other starters combined. Every analyst made fun of the rookie, for his complete disregard for others and his poor selection of shots.  Dantoni permits it as part of the system.
JohnSHwang::I don't watch college balls o I didn't know who Shumpert was when the Knicks drafted him. Watching him, I always assumed hewas a SG playing PG by default because we had no one else.  I don't like him taking so many shots, but quite frankly, he doesn't look like a playmaker, so not sure what else he can do.
DA Lakers son::The Knicks were better off with their team before Melo. They gave up so much for a one dimensional player haha. Its pretty obvious the Nuggs won that trade.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::No I am not a Knicks fan.
DA Lakers son::I laughed my ass off at that. No offense if you're a Knick fan but you guys talk a lot of trash and you have no reason too.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::And they struggled to beat the wizards.
DA Lakers son::True.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Funny thing it should be easier. The competition is not as good as it is in the west.
DA Lakers son::I said this last season, the Knicks are just a worse version of what the Nuggets were with Melo.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Melo is good. But he is selfish but he can't carry a team. I really don't think this guy can be on a team that wins a championship.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::The coach is not helping them either.
