squiddy45::this is why some ppl think brandon jennings was snubbed, look at the headline "Monta Ellis, Brandon Jennings lift Bucks past Sixers." Jennings went 8-21, Ellis did little bit better. 8-21 isn't lifting a team. Sam Dalembert lifted the team. ESPN just bothers looking at the points and Brandon almost always leads the team in pts because he shoots the ball 20-25 times every single game. Him and Monta are 133 &amp; 127 in shooting % in the league. That's why he doesnt deserve to be an allstar. Jrue does
squiddy45::Get that bj trash outta milwaukee
a transported poet welcomes the jail below the gambling ref::"We know Jrue is a high turnover player"  - Brandon Jennings   I guess he still feels snubbed. Lol
timo::Ahh... it's March Madness and baseball season now... so the Bucks can go back to being irrelevant... and then the Brewers can become irrelevant once the Packers and Badgers start up.
a transported poet welcomes the jail below the gambling ref::Carmelo might miss the all star game. Jennings might finally become all star. Lol
garyk1951::Just don't seem able to close as they led most of the game
romoLOVESfavre::milwaukee always rises to the occasion when the 8th seed is on the line...
57Gerger::Using a bet system called sportsbettingstar. Ive made 3k a month the past few months using this system
57Gerger::Using a bet system called sportsbettingstar. ive made around 3k a month the past 3 months now using this systems picks
57Gerger::Been betting with a system for sports bets named Sportsbettingstar. I have made over $3,000 a month for three consecutive months now since I found out about this system. You can find it on the first page of Google by searching for Sports Betting Systems. At first I thought this was going to be bogus but ended up being awesome..
57Gerger::following a betting system named Sportsbettingstar the past few months. I've made around 2-3K a month profits using this systems advice. You will find the system on the first page of Google by searching for sports betting systems. I have bet on sports for a long time and tried many systems in the past and nothing is as accurate as this one.
57Gerger::have bet with a system called Sportsbettingstar. Since I started I make roughly $3,000 a month in profit by following this systems picks. You can find this system on the 1st page of Google by searching for Sports Betting Systems.  Posting this for anyone out there that’s tired of not winning their bets.
57Gerger::using this bet system a few months back called Sportsbettingstar. In my first month of using this system I made almost  $3,000 profit.  If you like to bet sports I recommend this system to anyone that is tired of not winning your sports bets. You can find this system on the 1st page of Google if you search the term Sports Betting Systems.
Goon5832::I'm glad the bucks won but jennings is not worth a max contract at all and I do think ellis is a better player then brandon he can finish at the rim play better d shoot better all Jennings does is shoot fadeway three point shoots and make a couple and think he's a superstar
squiddy45::Thank you goon well said
a transported poet welcomes the jail below the gambling ref::Agree about the max contract thing. There's really not much difference between the two to say one is better than the other except one is 23 and the other is 28.
Its All About The Crew::Well said
Bucks.fan.for.real::Ellis is beast
lester4586::agreed
lester4586::jennings last three games 8 of 27, 3 of 17, and 8 of 21 and you buck fans talk as if monta is the worst player ever
lester4586::what has wade done after shaq before lebron it was easier to make the playoffs in the east than in the west monta was the leading on a team that won 48 games and missed playoffs you dont believe it look it up
lester4586::in all honesty i think the bucks should be better than they are i actually think can be good and they can be good together need a real coach when the pistons won back with the bad boys isiah, and dumars, were no bigger than them not saying either one of them is as good as isiah just comparing size jennings can be ok  with a better coach
lester4586::your right no one wants jennings monta defense is way underrated look at steals for career i think that is defense buck fans please stop comparing the two ypu must think your statements is true you did not like them
lester4586::monta and jennings is no where near the same player. look at both players careers not one season and this is a bad season for monta good season for jennings. monta is not a spot up shooter he is a sscorer a creator and he did it tonight last game and will continue to do it if they allow him to play
Bucks.fan.for.real::Monta is 6'4.  If he played PG again he wouldn't be undersized.
packersfanfrom89::Unless he comes off the bench as a burst of energy.  Which he won't do, seeing as he compares himself to Dwayne Wade.
packersfanfrom89::Lol liking your own posts doesn't make it true.  Monta is a shoot first undersized guard.  Just like Jennings.  Yes he usually has a higher percentage, but were on game 51.  Pretty big sample size.  No one wants a shoot first bad defender 6 FT guard.
packersfanfrom89::They're the same players.  Terrible defenders, terrible shooters, but think they are superstars.
Les4343::Did Bynum actually pass a physical?
Les4343::How many pts. for Bynum?
packersfanfrom89::Jennings shooting a solid 30% on 96 shots(96!!!) with 4 assists per game in the last 5 games.  And is complaining he's not an All Star and wants a max contract.  Reason 101 why the NBA sucks.
lester4586::lol...who is complaining
Bucks.fan.for.real::You are a terrible fan.  Fair weather fan.  Rip on your home team when they rebuilding.  If Packers weren't recently super bowls champs you wouldn't be reping them either.  All you do is whine and complain.  Go cry somewhere else.
lester4586::he also said that he is auditioning this season in an espn interview
stevej2555::And it was also reported that he denied saying those things. Rumours happen, but I'm much more likely to take the word directly  from him. Can't trust the media that only wants to talk about talent moving to big markets.
stevej2555::So what? He's keeping his options open. You have to realise that Milwaukee is just as concerned with his contract options as he is. He doesn't know if Milwaukee will trade him either, especially with rumours flying around that he wants to leave (whether they're true or not). It's more than possible you're 100% right, but you have to give the benefit of the doubt. If he says he wants to stay, then fine. Milwaukee negotiates it. If he wants too much or is simply rejecting every offer, then I'd say that's a better indicator of whether he wants to leave or not.
packersfanfrom89::99.9% of the time I'd agree with you.  But c'mon, he said last year he was "doing his homework on big market teams"(when talking about his contract) He doesn't want to be in Milwaukee, if you can't see that you're being naive/blind.
-FEARTHEDEER-::He is quoted saying he knows he didn't make the all star game because other guys had better numbers than him.
a transported poet welcomes the jail below the gambling ref::Also quoted saying "We know Jrue is a high turnover player".
packersfanfrom89::Also been widely reported after he hired his new agent his first task was to get him out if Milwaukee.  Trash.
packersfanfrom89::Ah pretty sure you're thinking of last year. It's been widely reported he's blamed his All Star "snub" on playing in a small market city.  Kid is trash.
HotdogSalesman2012::i hate doug collins.
colobr731::Man this Bucks team cannot do anything right, they finally had some momentum. A leaked story about Jennings wanting out, the all start break and trade deadline looming, a losing streak full of terrible performances and then they go and win.  This probably kills whatever little momentum and hope the Bucks had for selling off players and aiming for rebuilding next year. Sigh.
stevej2555::There's no way to confirm that any of those rumours are true. I'd rather take the word directly from the source. May not be valid, but it's definitely more reliable.
ThePhreshprince::So AI doesn't deserve a Spot on this sixers team, but royal ivey does? riiiiight
C.Fisher123::Doug Collins needs to go, over rated coach.  Two. Someone please tell me why Royal Ivey is playing in the fourth quarter of an NBA game?
potato623::Wow thanks Bulls....ahhh it doesn't even matter anymore
potato623::Hey look at the standings, says we're in the playoffs :)
potato623::Miami is in last...recruiting violations?
stevej2555::FINALLY. Bucks get a W. Exactly what they needed going into break.
bluedevils1148::KEEP: Jrue, Thad, Moultrie, Bynum (sigh), Pargo and Lavoy. LET GO/TRADE: everyone else
bnorth02::Does anyone know why illysova didn't play in the second half?
bnorth02::Good deal, thanks.
DENIMCHlCKEN::Foul trouble i think
DENIMCHlCKEN::Its over for the Sixers. 3 losses in a row for sure right after the all-star break in Minnesota, Miami, and New York. That will put them 10 games under .500 for the year. Even if Bynum comes back and plays great it will still be very hard for them to snag that 8th seed. Its over. No hope for this season. Just lose and play for a lottery pick.
Nickeh Best::Just resign Bynum and keep Holliday, Thad Young, Lavoy Allen, Moultrie, and trade the other scrubs.
KN_WisconsinFan::Allen Iverson: Love him or Hate him?
binkinainteasy::The man had heart, unlike the current team.
DENIMCHlCKEN::Love AI. One of the top 3 greatest Sixers ever.
potato623::Wilt Dr J Moses Barkley Iverson
bluedevils1148::I'd say 3rd.
potato623::Whoa...slow down...4th
brewcrew3_3::practice?
potato623::Love him to death
bluedevils1148::&lt;3
IggyIsClutch::Alright g2g guys cya
potato623::76ers fans: Beaten wives that just keep coming back
Miller Park After Dark::PROST!
ddr34858::I hate how Doug throws the whole team under the bus like he is never to blame
ddr34858::No the sixers were fighting the whole game. Doug coached the game poorly. When that second half started it should have been a priority to get swaggy hot again. Doug should of told the team if the won the tip to call time out immediately. On another note Moultrie should have gotten consistent minutes from day one. Turner should have gotten consistent minutes from day one because he shouldn't be hitting the rookie wall in his 3rd year.
KungFuZombie75::I hate how Doug sticks his disgusting Jabba the Hutt tongue out all the time, makes me want to vomit
bluedevils1148::When everyone gives 50% for the whole game...like he's more sweaty than the players at the end.
KN_WisconsinFan::WHAT?  Free chili from Wendy's?  Their chili is pretty good
FlyGuys623::until thad and or bynum come back, im taking a break from this team. i dont care if im not called a true fan, im just so sick of this team the way it is
KungFuZombie75::it sucks being a Sixer fan
Nickeh Best::I will he's our only hope.
ddr34858::you say that once every 2 weeks
potato623::I say that every damn week :)
IggyIsClutch::Does that mean you won't watch holiday during the all star weekend?
IggyIsClutch::Holiday is in the skills challenge
FlyGuys623::im watching the flyers on friday and i might watch like 2 mins of th allstar game
DaKing0325_::It's mentally exhausting
FlyGuys623::exactly
DaKing0325_::It's time for Philly to tank it, playoffs are officially off the books for this yr.
potato623::Don't need to tank, we suck on our own
DaKing0325_::tru
KungFuZombie75::Turner &amp; Hawes for Josh Smith please!
KungFuZombie75::not your money &amp; never asked
KungFuZombie75::you don't know that, Sixers could offer him a max deal
potato623::Yikes, I'm not giving him a max deal, waste of money if you ask me, Thad Young does just as much for half
KungFuZombie75::ok &amp; Turner is terrible &amp; Hawes is soft...point?
IggyIsClutch::Don't want a one year rental
The Jennings 3::Lol, Josh Smith sucks! Are you crazy?
potato623::Smith's overrated
IggyIsClutch::Holiday is exhausted I can tell! He has to do everything every night and without Thad he hardly gets any help.
potato623::Wins the tipoff and idiot throws the ball away
KungFuZombie75::sixers need to offer the Lakers Kwame Brown for Pau Gasol see if lightning strikes twice...
ddr34858::Evan Turner is the teams best closer for the final shot of the period. He has 20 points. Put the ball in his d@mn hands
ddr34858::I hate the way Jrue plays in the final 3 minutes of games. He loses that call that makes him so effective
FlyGuys623::what jrue did was pathetic
potato623::This is so damn frustrating, outplay them the whole night and blow it down the stretch once again, cannot stand this team
DENIMCHlCKEN::Its disgusting. Sickening.
D.Wagner85::Ahhhh, the life of a Bucks and/or 76ers fan, both teams struggle with this mightily.
potato623::So have we, Iverson and Allen days seem like decades ago
WiscoMase23::difference is that the bucks have been doing it for 10 years
KN_WisconsinFan::Sammy D and Ellis been playing hard as of late just adding to trade value
lester4586::i like you  kswizzyd777 but i hope your not being sarcastic. jennings was upset about them playing through monta tonight a coach that he respects can possibly get him in check
KswizzyD777::^^ that is what i've been saying..
lester4586::you bucks fans are idiots jennings is the most selfisf player in the league monta is the teams best player and all you idiots is talk about how bad he is when they allow him to play his game not running off screens trying to be a spot up shooter and let him create he is damn good and the bucks best player
The Jennings 3::They're not trading Ellis, sad I know.
D.Wagner85::With Sanders back issue, I fully think we are going to keep Daly, unless we get another big in return in another deal, such as a Ellis for Millsap trade.
D.Wagner85::I would like too, but not this year, whenever he matches up against size, he looks lost.
KN_WisconsinFan::I can agree with that, but It could open the door for more Henson playing time, which I'd like to see.
Nickeh Best::Wow the referees basically gave the Bucks that game. Mbah a Moute is a cheating $@%!. Atleast it will be funny to watch the Bucks get embarassed by the Heat! And atleast we have a real superstar in Holiday not a shoot first point guard in Jennings.
stevej2555::Out of all teams to embarrass the Bucks, the Heat actually never seem to be one
Nickeh Best::That mbah a moute touched the ball out of bounds. Seems a little suspicous he sprinted of the court as fast as he could.
Nickeh Best::He's fatigued by being the only good player on our team. And yeah I'm bitter that Monta Ellis pretends to be fouled and gets to the line and Lavoy Allen gets slaughtered under the basket and no call. And the referees made no effort to review at the end so they can collect their paychecks faster.
WiscoMase23::review what?
DENIMCHlCKEN::Honestly Jrue is good but nowhere near a superstar. Did you see the way he played tonight? Maybe someday but not yet.
WiscoMase23::bitter much?
KN_WisconsinFan::Bucks are winning the season series with the Heat, I think
WiscoMase23::1-1 so far
DaKing0325_::If your name isn't Holiday, Young, or Moultrie I hope they trade everybody on this team, even Bynum if they can find a good deal for him.
DENIMCHlCKEN::Just lose out and play for lottery picks. What else can they do they won't be good with the players they have.
D.Wagner85::Feels very good to get that win, would be nice to see the 76ers with Bynum against the Bucks with Sanders.
DENIMCHlCKEN::Should have never traded Iguodala honestly.
Nucky Pinkman::Iguodala is a disaster!!!!!!!  4th option on title team.  3rd on a playoff.
bluedevils1148::You realize they had a 9 game win streak, he gets hurt and they've lost three straight.
ddr34858::Hindsight is 20/20. no one knew Bynum wouldn't have played all season
benk420::Iggy we miss on d for sure.  But he and Collins hated each other.  Was inevitable
D.Wagner85::I think you are the first fan who has admitted that.  Congrats, because you are 100% accurate.  He is taking Denver to a possible 3 seed in the West.
potato623::Iggy's meh
SixerEaglePhillieFlyerFan608::Bucks fans, give us Dalem back and take back crappy Ivey
The Jennings 3::LMAO, Dalembert sucks!
KN_WisconsinFan::Gotta love Sammy D adding to his trade value!
bnorth02::Why didn't Ersan play in the second half?
The Jennings 3::The Bucks are on cruise control to 8th seed baby, Philadelphia sucks!
benk420::And how does one brag about cruising into 8th spot.   Lucky east is a joke
KungFuZombie75::psshhh you can have the 8th seed, Bucks will get swept by the Heat anyway
WiscoMase23::cruise control? please. if you are a real bucks fan you know there is no such thing as easy street. i have to assume this is sarcasm
maximkat::damn...go to a meeting up 10, come back to a 2 point loss.
