Fishstick2013::LAST!
Dawan208::It's pitiful that all these lame Knicks fans come on the rocket's board to bash jlin.  I mean every single game they have to pin point his every mistake.  Give the kid a break.  Or better yet critique your own pg,  Raymond Felton.   Geez!!!!!!!!   I counted 30-35 ICKS fan on this board -  get a life!!!!!!
SBaller74::Did it ever occur to your lame a@@ that some knick fans as myself support and wants Lin to achieve? I was one who always said the kid can play before the media caught on with all the hype. I remember when the knicks signed him and said, "Hey give him a shot he cant do no worse than what we had on the floor at that point in December of 2011. Did it ever occur that we follow him because we want him to do well? Dont get me wrong some knick fans are on here to criticize but not all. By the way Raymond Felton is having a hell of a year!!
pistol111847::RNYC wrote "Pistol is a Lin apologist. It's always someome elses fault right? I bet you were one of the "trade Melo build around Lin" people. And u claim to watch/know basketball.  Lin is an average player who caught lightning in a bottle. Stop being a fan boy his production is flat out ATROCIOUS!...more"  My reply: I can accept Lin being "average" for now.That is an upgrade to what it seems many "haters" feel.   What I have a problem with is the disrespect he gets from his interim coach. And I'm not talking about the Bulls where Lin was awful. I give credit to TD who FINALLY produced something for the team. But there were at least 3 games (1 being the OT with Portland) where he benched his starting point guard, who was playing well at the time, for a journeyman point guard who is having a HORRIBLE season and whose PER is the lowest on the 12 man roster. Seems very fishy to me - something smells like Feces Pantalones!...
pistol111847::Like I said he gets benched when playing well. He will never win respect with the current coach.
Takeiteasy9394::He needs to earn the respect.  Period.
Excelscior1::"Linsanity" has gone the way of "Tebow-Mania", which is down the drain, and the way of the Dodo Bird.
Dawan208::Lame Knicks fan!
KentuckyAlum2012::I wonder why Houston let Kyle Lowry walk. Had they kept him and still acquired Harden, they would have a dangerous backcourt. Lowry can score better, rebound better, and is better on defense than Lin. Don't get me wrong, Jeremy Lin is not a bad player, but he has a long way to go if he ever wants to be an elite PG.
Excelscior1::Probably trying to clear cap space for an attempted trade for Howard.
SBaller74::What people fail to understand is that its no question of whether Lin has skill, because he do. The question is his mental toughness. I am a knick fan and I live in the NY/NJ area, I saw the Lin explosion up close. I was very impressed with his game although he couldnt go left and his game was predictable. Meaning everytime he drove to the basket he would go through his legs 2 or 3 times before he breaks into his move to go right. As time went on teams got physical with him fouling him hard as he went to the basket and thats when he started to struggle, it had nothing to do wth Melo coming back.  Now, I watched the first few pre season games in houston and what I saw was Lin defering to Kevin Martin. Then when they traded Martin I said, "wow they let him go so Lin can be comfortabe". I thought like everyone else that Harden would allow Lin to play his game while he still got his. Now I see that Lin is defering to Harden and everyone else. Some guys just dont have the mentality to be the lead guy or next to lead guy.   One major red flag went up in my head last year was in the playoff when the knicks whole roster feel apart. Iman and Baron went down early in the series and that was the perfect time for Lin to show he had what it takes mentally and physically. Lin and his agent decided not to let him play because they didnt want him to be exposed by miami and not get that big contract. Thats when I said the kid can play but he is not confident in his game under pressure and he dont have the mental toughness to be the guy. Yes, he had surgery but the surgery was minor and he should have been back way before the playoffs started. During playoff time everyone is nicked up with injuries but when your team needs you especially at the point if your 85% you have to get on the floor for the team. Dwade is a perfect example he was hurt the whole playoffs but he toughed it up and played and was one of the reason miami got their Chip.
Excelscior1::The reason why Lin defers: He'd rather not play against a tougher defense in the half court set. He'd rather run or hit an open--stand still shot.   And you're right. He does over dribble into crowds and get's picked off or steered into waiting big men on defense to get picked or his shot blocked. That part of the reasons for his high TO's and low shooting %'s.
wilhenderso 6::the Rockets are going to enjoy paying that $25 million for a 12th man player HA HA HA
Dawan208::Lame Knicks troll
Architecture1978::It's safe to assume J lin is bothered by Harden's presence. Or J Lin is not as good as we thought.
Excelscior1::Ouch!!  What a terrible game for Lin vs  (cough cough) Nate Robinson. Lol
Dawan208::Another lame ICKS troll!!!
Sini123::The Knicks dodged this bullet. Can I get an AMEN!?!?
Dawan208::Lame Knicks trolls.  Wow this board is infested with new York fans.  They kind of remind me of their rats.  You can't get rit of them!!!!
Sini123::How the mighty has fallen. I truly hope DRose come back 100% healthy and help the poor Bulls. Me Oh My, they have fallen!
AsianBaller2012::We luv you Jeremy Lin.Keep head up.Allstar.
Takeiteasy9394::It's not about Lin is legit or not. Right now, the Rickets play like sugar... Unless Lin picks up and starts jelling with the team, it's not fun to watch any more. The Linsanity was exciting last season... But now, really really boring to watch. :(
NguyenDragon::Its not the same style of basketball man... I doubt we will ever see "Linsanity" again...
RNYC::Pistol is a Lin apologist. It's always someome elses fault right? I bet you were one of the "trade Melo build around Lin" people. And u claim to watch/know basketball.  Lin is an average player who caught lightning in a bottle. Stop being a fan boy his production is flat out ATROCIOUS!
pistol111847::I can accept Lin being "average" for now.That is an upgrade to what it seems many "haters" feel.  What I have a problem with is the disrespect he gets from his interim coach. And I'm not talking about the Bulls where Lin was awful. I give credit to TD who FINALLY produced something for the team. But there were at least 3 games (1 being the OT with Portland) where he benched his starting point guard, who was playing well at the time, for a journeyman point guard who is having a HORRIBLE season and whose PER is the lowest on the 12 man roster. Seems very fishy to me - something smells like Feces Pantalones!
Graycap23::When Robinson leads your team in scoring....U are in BIG trouble.  Time 4 Gar/Pax 2 be unemployed.
pistol111847::I think it has finally hit me what's going on with Sampson and benching Lin. Sampson probably pulled hard for Toney over Shaun Livingston for Houston's final cut. Now he has a vested interest in Toney so he plays him when he shouldn't.
drinkbeernow::the only back he's come on has been the guy in houston who offered him that ridiculous contract
0127mary::He will make a come back n the d-league
pistol111847::Interim coach Sampson will soon be gone and Lin will make a comeback.    Remember these words
pistol111847::What coach pulls his starting point guard who has close to a triple double in a game for the whole OT? BTW his replacement for "defensive purposes" gave up 2 jump shots by Lilliard right away. Why was Lin not put back in?? Hopefully things will change when McHale comes back but there is no guarantee if he is supportive of Sampson's decisions.
drinkbeernow::close to a triple double?  who are you talking about?
NoonGame::I agree with you on portland's game but I agree with sampson last nite which I thought he make the right call by pulling lin and got a win. Lin needs to play better period.
0127mary::Mchale telling him what 2 do
0127mary::Last yr it was melo. Now the interim coach. What excuse will the lin worshipers use when mchale come back
pistol111847::Interim coach Sampson will soon be gone and Lin will make a comeback.  Remember these words
pistol111847::Difference is they don't get benched when they're playing bad. They certainly DON'T GET BENCHED WHEN PLAYING WELL as Lin does
NoonGame::I hope lin will make a comeback i think he the most hummble kid in the nba but his game sucks right now...He needs kobe or melo mentality... these guys have games shooting like 1 for 10 or 2-11 alot .but they feed of from that and play harder and the next shot they might dunk on you with authority and anger...Lin is completely playing opposite from that when he has a bad shooting nites...
NoonGame::lin playing scare/no confident lately... everybody miss shots  but they dont quit playing but lin went into a cell and got bench. Lin is the only person to blame...He has to continue to play hard if not harder and with confident. Clyde Drexler said it best," shoot the ball with confident and stop thinking about the shot.'
Takeiteasy9394::Absolutely!!!
0127mary::He miss fields couch
Dawan208::That was stupid.  You should be called stupidmary instead of 0127mary.  " Mary had a little lame.    And everywhere Mary go her little lame remarks would go"!!!!
pistol111847::When will Alexander, Morey or McHale step in and tell Sampson to stop benching their $25 million point guard!! I realize Lin was not playing well last night and was benched for that but it doesn't explain why he has consistently ben benched when playing well. It probably explains why he was out of it last night.
NoonGame::They lost 3 in a row...the coach job may be on the line...he made the right call and got a win... lin is the only person to blame, he play bad on D and miss almost all his wide open shots...The kid plays with fear right now and it makes nosense...
drinkbeernow::i'm looking at lin's game log for this season and i just don't see a single contest in which he's played a great, "complete" game.  to tell you the truth, if not for all the money they're paying him, he probably would've been pulled much earlier or not been a starter at all.  season has a way to go, but so far lin is looking like a huge mistake by the rockets.
pistol111847::"Pulled much earlier"?? Really?? For Douglas??? LOL
pyi91::Houston paid all that money jumping on the Lin bandwgon.....Knicks looking smart now!
Dawan208::Lame ICKS fan!!!
Takeiteasy9394::I was dumb... Subscribed the cable particular for this sugar...
0127mary::Everybody thought the knicks would fall off at the point. They are better at the point now
lbenzcaptain::Lin is actually taking smarter shots. And playing better basketball.  Once these shots start falling and this team fully gets in sync. It will be a pretty good team.
drinkbeernow::what lin are you watching?  what was his stat line from last night?  the guy got benched.  the only smart thing lin has done in the last several months was take the money and coast.
Blazelover13::Solid win over a decent Bulls team at home. I'll take it. Another great game for Harden, but the Rockets really need to work on their defense if they want to contend in the West. They have a lot of play-makers, but their defense allows too many points. Not tonight, thankfully, but still.
0127mary::They r not a contender
JustinTimeHeHe::Toney Douglas should try starting! He had more points then Lin and came off the bcnh. He can atleast score and can playmake just as well as sheytty Lin
sproketjoe::One game doesn't make one really relevant, does it?  Overall Lin is ahead avg. wise.  It's still early in the season.  Both players will perform well this year.  Along with that, Miami and LAL will double and triple team Lin because they are total punks.  Try that on Rondo and a few other, and they will all be exposed.
freehoop::So was Royce 'crybaby' White on the  bench or not????
mike52255::CHICAGO SUCKS BALLS   GO PACERS!
BRAY5150::I didn't think Lin was going to be an allstar or anything but damn he's not even a true starter in the league. What a waste of money. Houston had it rite the first time around when they cut him
WOOPZZZ::he's played some good games this season and had some bad games just like any other player. he's going thru a shooting slump just like any other player.
drinkbeernow::what?!?  slump?  good games?  nonsense.  espn's stat page can be sorted on shooting pct...lin fails to even make the chart.  he sucks dude.
PeteyC25::true
tedctlai::Get Jack  Taylor to show Lin how to hit a J.
famman1968::Ive been using a betting system called sportsbettingstar. Making around $3,000 a month for the past 3 monhts now just following this system. You can find the system on google by searching for sports betting system. If you bet on sports this system works.
Edudlufetips3::couldn't graduate high school so this is what you resort to?
famman1968::I started betting a system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made around 3K a month for 3 consecutive months now using this system. You can find this system on the 1st page of Google by searching the words Sports Betting System.
Kit Ramsey::What happened to Omar Asik's double double, he SUCKS when he plays against good defense.
Graycap23::Omer won the game in the last 2 minutes with DEFENSE....or were u watching?
specialc12345::Osik is good defender. Horrible hands otherewise Lin and harden would be getting way more assits. He can easily get double digit points.
Edudlufetips3::you're one of those idiots that just looked at the box score instead of watching the game.  asik did things in the post that get unnoticed on the stat-sheet... forcing noah to pass instead of putting up an easy layup... deflecting, just scaring people with his size and mobility, etc. with asik on the bench, chicago was literally getting every offensive rebound on missed shots. when he was in, no one on the bulls even really blocked out. you are clearly not a fan of the game as it is if you didn't see the difference he made.
Edudlufetips3::as a rockets fan... if someone told me that they decided to blow up their roster... toss aside two really good point guards (lowry and dragic) for one that is tossing up airballs and turning the ball over (lin) and would be in a position to win every game they play this year,.....  i'd tell them they were crazy. but ti's true. rockets youth is working and harden is on an expedited path towards elite-ness. with all of the guys buying into the 'the sum of the parts is greater than us as individuals' system,' this situation is very promising. we won't be winning any championships any time soon.... we don't have a man named hakeem on our team any more... but going in the right direction is all you can ask for.
Excelscior1::Dragic and Harden, would of made a great combo. Heck, even Lowry and Harden, would have made a great combo (though Lin can push the ball better than Lowry, he can't shoot or hold on to the ball). Hopefully, he'll work it out.
specialc12345::And your intern coach is killing your second best player. When he plays better bench him. plays bad bench him. he`s  completely in love with Toney D
Skatingseveneleven::Rox Should Buy Jorden Hill in .Anyway, where is Kevin Mchale ?
bengalsrgay43034::hahaahahahahhaa!!!! bulls suck. how pathetic!! shitcago!! overrated city, overrated sports teams!! how fitting and pathetic!!!! worst city in america!!! easily
Kit Ramsey::U need to get out more. Just tell the nurses to let u out for 20 mins, trust me, it would be good for u.
chiwsox40::Pacer fan?
7374Marcus::Lin was happy that the coach benched him late in the 4th otherwise Bulls would have been up by 6pts
commanderbass::That LIn kid sure was worth that 25 MILLION........ Kncks were wise. Imagine how bad it could have been if it were Lin and Martin... good god
RNYC::Blame Melo, Blame Sampson, blame the new system, Blame Spaulding, blame anybody but Lin for his struggles.   -Lin Fan Boys
Kev_010::Imagine Harden with the Bulls..........OHHH DAMNN!
Graycap23::All u will ever do with Gar/Pax is imagine. They can't get QUALITY NBA players.
RNYC::28pts on 14 shots da beard is efficient
chiwsox40::So are the refs whistles getting him those 13 free throws....
JoeyAndrewJohnsOZKing::Go Rockets
Kev_010::Lin = top 10 PG
Swish3And1::Running out of excuses for Lin. He's saying like he's lost rhythm, it'll come over time, blah blah... Just go practice shooting J's until they start falling.  He's mentally weak, got too comfy with large contract. Potential will be wasted without hard work.
JoeyAndrewJohnsOZKing::Rockets will buy another PG soon.
JoeyAndrewJohnsOZKing::Rockets will buy another PG soon...  I have been betting against Lin since start of this season and made good $$$. ( following tips from Sports Betting Solution )
dancoltsfan1781::Seems this way, he got paid and now not doing his job.
Swish3And1::Great job by Rockets!!  Poor shooting by Bulls also help.
NewcastleFanVL::Does anyone know why Lin would just pass the ball to harden n stand in the corner EVERY TIME ? Was that sampson's game plan or was lin playing scared ?
specialc12345::If he doesn't pass to HArden coach will bench him. Pass to him and he'll get benched anyways
specialc12345::doesn't matter if Lin is shooting 5/10 or 1/8 he's getting benched in th end of the 4th for toney D. Sampson Loves toney D , even though he's horrible
Skatingseveneleven::Is Harden a PG , U such a idiot
commanderbass::Because Harden is a SUPERSTAR, fears no one, and takes the ball to the rack with a array of unstoppable moves (for the most part -everyone gets blocked occasionally), and is a better PG than Lin every will be? That is my bet.
dancoltsfan1781::This Lin dude is a fraud, he sucks now.
corkscrewblow::So WTF is your Faker fan $@% doing here commenting? Maybe you should be more concerned about the fact that the Fakers lost to the 3-8 Kings. LMAO how pathethic!
Cleveland Browns Superbowl Champs 2015::harden goat
karelp::Another stellar game by Lin.  He's going to have to change his approach or something.
specialc12345::He won't be Fine, plays well and might get triple double gets benched in OT. Plays bad benched
xsamc1::Houston won this game because of their team defense. It's nice to finally see a double digit score instead of a triple digit score for the opposing team.
Flying Through Madison Street::. .   3 fans like this. 6 Minutes Ago  Like  Reply  Quote  Flag  Michigantown that was nice acting 1 fan likes this. 6 Minutes Ago  Like  Reply  Quote  Flag
LS90025::I liked Lin's post-game comments.  I think he will rebound from this.  This is the first game where I would say that he played a truly poor game.  The other games, his shooting % was not good but his assists, rebs, steals, blocks, defense and ast/to ratio were all good, if not excellent.  This game, he was truly poor across the board.  The Kobes and Chris Paul's of the world have 5-15 or 2-12 shooting nights.  But what Lin has to do is to continue to be aggressive, believe in his ability to help his team win and just go for it.  The Rockets need Lin to play well to make the playoffs.  The Knicks only made the playoffs last year because of him.
specialc12345::not fast enough to get your whole arm help and no call , then it gets called turnovers. Do you guys watch the games? He's shooting hasn't  been goos. everything elses is better
commanderbass::its quite simple, Lin is not fast enough to be an elite point guard, he never will be.  If he slows down, plays within himself, accepts this, he will be a long lasting back up point guard in this league for a decent amount of time. If people expect more than this, its not going to work out so well for their expectations.
RNYC::Unbelievable u attribute the knicks making the playoffs solely to Lin.
karelp::Well, he did have a 2-10, 4, 4 in additon to this 2-9, 3, 4.  I just think the league has made adjustments to his style of play (he played poorly the last 13 games of last year too).  He needs to make adjustments in turn, and if he doesn't, he'll be relegated to being a poor starting PG or on the bench.
xsamc1::The question is whether Sampson will give him an opportunity to rebound from this. Most coaches have faith in their starters so when they have a bad game, it's not a big deal. Each time Lin doesn't perform, Sampson takes him out. That's a lot of pressure. And when Lin is playing well, Sampson still takes him out because of the rotation. Look at the trend in minutes and you'll see that Sampson is slowly giving more minutes to Douglas. I don't see this ending well for Lin.
specialc12345::He will not get any chance from Sampson.  A proven Scrub gets unlimites chances. Lin gets one airball and that's all he sees!!!
xsamc1::You don't pay someone 5 million to sit on the bench. Harden's been wild at the end of regulation but Sampson keeps him in there because he has faith he'll make the right decision. The same should be for Lin. If I were the GM, I'd tell Sampson to cut it out and let Lin play. If he screws up, so be it. Let Lin carry that burden. But if he turns it around, it could give him the spark he needs so desperately. Look at how one basket at the end of the game helped Douglas.
LS90025::I think Lin has enough experience to know he can play whether or not his coach believes in him.  He has to stop trying to fit in and instead try to ignite his team.  I agree that Sampson is not a great coach but I can't fault him for benching Lin tonight.
FatCat_00::Lin is not even a top 20 PG
