climb171::Approaching mid season.  Lakers 3 games behind playoff line.  Tough second half schedule for coach Kobe's team.  Do they make the playoffs?
AWDSMTSi::Jefferson and tinsley need to go...end of story
CandySparker::Dani Galli
LilDwayne21::I got luv for Utah, but they were up against a more talented, pick-and-roll, fast-break team in the Nuggets.
scow79::And on the second night of a back to back, in Denver, when Denver was rested.   I believe I read a stat where Denver is 55-11 in that situation.   It was a schedule loss.  These things happen.
JustineS04::Not many people get a double-double after going to the hospital the day before.
jayeteee::Not too many Manimals in the league either.
Quincy Miller::+1
jayeteee::Win one, lose one, ho hum, George Karl keeps his job.
jayeteee::Memphis has only played 13 road games, no wonder they're 13-4.
jayeteee::IKR.
RockyMountainWay1::Do you Jazz fans think your team makes the playoffs? I really dont know about the Nuggets if they will or not
Francis4345::I think Favors is taking more his spot now. Kanter learn every game. They need to keep those guys : Kanter, Favors, Burks and Hayward. Those are the keys.
Francis4345::I like both Big Al and Millsap. I think Paul is more attractive for other team (salary and all around player) = better value. The best case would be to trade Big Al to give more minutes to Kanter who's only 20 y old. That will be painfull to watch but they need to move for the best. We going anywhere fighting for 8 seed.
Francis4345::Favors and Marvin as PF
Grantox::bargs sucks as bad as al on D, so he owuld be basically a relief guy for 10-15 a game while favors needed a break. i  dont know much about kleinza, and i like millsap still but maybe you are right, maybe it needs that big of a shakeup, millsap and jefferson gone..... thats a wierd thought! but honestly probably needs to happen
Francis4345::What about Bargnani and Kleiza for Big Al ? Then we trade Millsap for Jennings with the Bucks. We get C, SF and PG.
Francis4345::Either they get someone for Big Al, or we get draft pick ? At 15M / year, that give us salary cap space for next season
Francis4345::Calderon contract is 10M per year, i think same for Bargnani
Grantox::i dont really want calderon as he is aging and only a bandaid. need a younger guy like jennings or lowry
Grantox::yeah but jeff tins watson equal around that
Grantox::if the raps want rid of bargs then jazz should offer jefferson watson and tinsley for bargs and lowry
Grantox::id even be somewhat ok with calderon.
Francis4345::Bargnani to do the transition for Kanter slowly ?
scow79::Bargnani's contract is terrible though.   Doesn't he still have 3 years left or something?   No thanks.
Grantox::celtics would take him, but they have no one to give but rondo and they wont do that! toronto wants bargnani GONE and would need to fill his spot. I think the warriors would take him with bogut out, but only steph curry is worth it,( not happening)
Francis4345::Bargnani is available since Raptors play much better without him, and what he says couple of weeks ago
Francis4345::Question is, who wants Big Al and his big contract ? Contenders or bottoms teams ?
scow79::I honestly don't see us getting anything for Big Al.   Teams aren't going to give up much for a half year rental of Al when they can just sign him in the Summer.
Grantox::like trade watson and jefferson for bargnani and lowry. same amount of players at each $@% but improve on pg
Grantox::^ since when is sp ot editted
scow79::If I was a betting man I'd put my money on the Nuggets.  This Jazz team is a mess.
Grantox::well naturally watson or tinsley will go with jefferson!
RockyMountainWay1::wow Jazz fans actually are pretty cool.. but i agree still a long way to ago and Nuggets will probably get the 7th seed and be one and done in the playoffs yet again :/
Grantox::same to you guys! jazz wont make  it deep in playoffs if they make it unless a big trade happens
Francis4345::So when Mo will be back if we get a PG, the team will be full of PG/SG : Mo, Foye, Tinsley, Watson, Burks. Need to trade a SG/PG as well
rbmw263::who knows.  still big trade possibilities and a long way to go
Grantox::not unless they shake things up, jefferson has toooo gooooo bad! with mo williams out we need a decent pg jefferson for a pg and we may have a shot! I think the nugs will get 6th or 7 seed. good luck to you guys!
Evan877::#BEATLA tomorrow noobs
Francis4345::At this point i think Jazz need to forget playoff without Mo right now. I wish they could stay around .500 for the next 4-6 weeks, but i doubt
Francis4345::behind*
Francis4345::23 y old, he got good numbers, and he play behing Ellis
Francis4345::My 1st choice would be Jennings
Grantox::yeah i  mean your right calderon is 5 pts 2.5 asts better than tins in a couple more mins a game.  so yeah screw calderon! good pt
Grantox::not gonna argue cause i dont care for calderon a lot but he is better than tinsley and probably less damaging than jeffy
Grantox::when was the last time tinsley got a triple double? calderons had a couple this year
scow79::Sounds like you're describing Tinsley to me.
Grantox::dont know that they would do jennings but maybe!! and calderon is way beter than tins! calderon not a great scorer but a pretty good distributor
Francis4345::I think Raptors and Bucks could be our options : Lowry/Calderon or Ellis/Jennings
scow79::Lowry is injury prone and I'd imagine Toronto would want a lot since they gave up a lottery pick to get him.  Calderon is like Tinsley, but he averages 10 points instead of 5.  Ellis is a black hole.   You think Jefferson is bad.  Jennings is Mo Williams but younger.
Grantox::id take on barnani bad contract to get lowry
Grantox::agreed! calderon sucks bad at D tho. but he would be better than jefferson imo
rbmw263::I guarantee you we are above .500 in 6 weeks.  starting Jan 14 we have 20 home games and only 5 road games.
Grantox::yes but we are lacking pg and abusing our future big men
rbmw263::scow79 - I'm conflicted  Look at who they are against as well....majority of them not playoff teams.
scow79::I'm conflicted
Francis4345::I rather see Burks taking some more minutes, he's athletic and he's creating opportunities
Grantox::id rather him in over watson and tinsley! burs should start! tins and watson suck so bad!
scow79::We all know what they need.   The problem is how to actually turn a Tu.rd into a diamond.   Tu.rd = Jefferson, Diamond = Starting PG for quick reference
69durango::Minnesota has a bunch of point guards.  LOL
Grantox::dont get me wrong he is  a good scorer etc good rbs, but he is too big of a D liability!
Grantox::i would be willing to take a half decent PG to rid jefferson!
Francis4345::Foye is a good bench PG at best
Grantox::just come off bench put down a couple 3s then sit back down!!
ut_jazz06::they need to trade for a PG BAD
RockyMountainWay1::Wow they won, loss coming up tomorrow though
jayeteee::Yeah, this scenario is getting old.
rbmw263::gg nuggs.  Way to respond to a strong win Utah.  I dont ever remember being blown out this much.  Something is wrong.
Francis4345::They been shorthanded tonight without Mo and Kanter
Grantox::true buttttt thats still a lame excuse! they are both missed ( especially mo cause the rest of the pgs suck)
rbmw263::We were getting blown out regularly with both of them in the lineup
Grantox::jazz need a shake up! either start favors or trade jefferson, or something, maybe get hayward startign again. something has to change, cant the jazz see this?
rbmw263::and its not just al or corbin...
rbmw263::I believe they are both a part of the issue, but there is more to it.
scow79::He's not not blaming Jefferson and Corbin.   He's only saying that he thinks the team's problems go deeper than the two of them.
Grantox::how can you not blame a lot on jefferson? he lets everyone score on him, how can you not blame corbin, he keeps starting the same guys that keep losing when he has 2 potential star big men waiting on the bench and he plays blackhole jeffy! come on its cear that those 2 are the main factor!
scow79::Well I'm starting to not like Marvin all that much either, so it would be a wash to have Harris here instead of Marvin.  At least we'd then have a PG who is at least some kind of scoring threat.
Grantox::i hated HARRIS! he was sooo bad! would rather tinsley than him!
Grantox::yeah it is!!!!
rbmw263::scow79 - I'm willing to start there though  agreed
scow79::I'm willing to start there though
Never Trust A Man Who Sleeps In A Hat::Should have kept Devin Harris as backup PG. Would be of much more benefit to the team than Marvin right now
King DM::Wish the Jazz the best of luck in the future! They're pretty nice. I like their fans! I hope you win all your games! Except against the Nuggets of course. ;D
Grantox::pray we trade  jefferson but pray you dont get him!
Francis4345::Ahaha ! Wish us good trades for next year ;)
CHIPS and SALSA83::gg jazz fans, way to respond to a bad loss Nuggets!!!
scow79::We've had some bad losses so far this year so we're slowly getting used to it
Grantox::gg nugs fans. you guys are a classy group of fans( other than climb who has a major crush on faried!! he is a little creepy but ok) glad you guys got to snap LAC ( they are cocky shizheads!
Francis4345::They are cocky with their loaded team. With a guy like Jamal Crawford from the bench, any team could be that good
climb171::Good luck to the jazz!!!
Manimal_35::they are cocky as hell
Grantox::least you guys got to rub it in good! jazz lost two games to them they should have easily won( but refs put clipper jerseys on).
King DM::Stone you know the rules. Shoot another one! haha jk
King DM::THE CITY OF DENVER GIVE THE KEYS TO J-HAM
Grantox::lmao 4 tacos for a dollar
jayeteee::Still have to buy a large drink.
Quincy Miller::YAAA
King DM::TACOS!
scow79::I'm just glad to see that the Jazz have weened Burks from driving into the paint.
Francis4345::agree
Grantox::i liked it. he did it in college and he would draw alot of fouls
Never Trust A Man Who Sleeps In A Hat::He was living at the FT line last year, what have they done to him
scow79::They Foye'd him is what they did.
scow79::It was his worst skill set in my opinion.
JPHoks1981::You know it could be his own doing, I dont think coaches tell players not to go to the paint.
rbmw263::they told him to spread out on the wing, catch the ball, then throw the ball to Al
scow79::Well it's something.   He was driving to the rim just about every time he touched the ball last season.   He gets a ton of DNP's this year and now he's just not aggressive anymore.
rbmw263::Yeah i hated that about him...
capnchuc::I like you Nuggets Fans. You guys aren't so bad.
Grantox::K was thinking the same thing! could be happier with a team beating the clippers than the nugs( other than the jazz)
capnchuc::Yah Clipper fans were a bunch jack $@%!$
climb171::Thanks...My favorite team is the nuggets and favorite player is kenneth faried.......good luck to the Jazz.
climb171::Faried got attitude with altitude.....beasting.
Francis4345::eheh doesnt make any difference
JPHoks1981::There ya go Burks fans he got one to go.
King DM::THANKS ALEC!
MikeBreenGetGreen::Nuggets have a nice team but to get to the next level need to pull off a blockbuster deal.  Too many good to very good players and no true star.  As for the Jazz, hmmm
Grantox::just get rid of jefferson!
BANKROBBA2020::BREAKING: Utah Jazz head coach Tyrone Corbin will be fired tomorrow. Jeff Hornacek to assume interim head coach position.
capnchuc::we can only dream
climb171::Serious question:  What Denver player was beasting tonight?????
Grantox::we get that you have a man crush on lisa leslie,( faried) but plz stop!!!!!!! its getting old hearing beasting
climb171::ok
King DM::STONE.
climb171::Stone cold......KF beasting in the mile high city..
Quincy Miller::FARIED AND GALLO
Quincy Miller::Mostly Faried but look at Gallo's stats
climb171::half right.
Grantox::FOURNIER
climb171::Im gonna give you  a second chance.......
King DM::Just shoot 2's! lol
Manimal_35::randolph sucks
King DM::3 points till TACOS.
didyougetthememookur::Is Birdman's career done?
didyougetthememookur::crazy, didn't know Denver waived him.
King DM::He's a free agent.
Quincy Miller::ya
adam_keefe_fan_forever::Serious question: who's got better D, Jefferson or Boozer?
capnchuc::Boozer by far! Boozer has a bunch of dirty tricks too.
Grantox::Jefferson has THE WORST DEFENSE OF ANY BIG MAN IN THE NBA!!!
adam_keefe_fan_forever::And Boozer has the foot stomp and shout
Never Trust A Man Who Sleeps In A Hat::Boozer at least boxes out
Francis4345::I guess Boozer ?
Quincy Miller::Faried wasnt that close to a triple double..
climb171::I said almost my brother.
Grantox::ok we get it you are in love with faried( lisa lesie)
climb171::Why are you grousing over a few assists......beasting.
Quincy Miller::he needed 7 more assists
Shamed_Shaun::stop playing foye more minutes than hayward
Never Trust A Man Who Sleeps In A Hat::You should have ended the sentence after the first 3 words
capnchuc::I would rather have Raja play than negative 150 Foye
Grantox::foye is a  great 3 pt shooter and shoul donly be playing when the jazz need him to come drop a few 3's
ut_jazz06::I never understood with all the bigs we have we still suck at defensive rebounding
Francis4345::positionning
climb171::Beasting
capnchuc::Jeffy and Milsap don't believe in boxing out. Back when we had Boozer the Jazz were one of the best rebounding teams in the league, that's cus he boxes people out.
climb171::Two words:  Kenneth Faried  (beasting)
Quincy Miller::We need to make a trade to give Hamilton and Randolph more playing time
King DM::Brewer for picks
Quincy Miller::ya
King DM::Our rookies really have some potential to be our future starters.
climb171::Check Kenneth Faried stat line.......almost a triple double.
MikeBreenGetGreen::ESPN does not rate him the top performer lol
climb171::Says nothing about Faried and alot about ESPN......beasting.
lll__::beasting?
climb171::Damn right.....you are gettin it.
theone1003::fournier your white make your freakin FREEE THROWS... WHY DONT I PLAY COACH?
Quincy Miller::Wilson coming back next week
MikeBreenGetGreen::Everytime Gallo gets big numbers, the Nuggets win it seems
capnchuc::I want the Jazz to commit to the young guys this year! Foye is gone after this year, milsap and Jeffy are both gone, so why are we playing them so damn much!!! They are terrible!!!!
Grantox::you think foye will leave? what other team would start him??? he will re sign i think!
capnchuc::He is this years Josh Howard. Corbin plays him an inexplicable amount of time, despite the fact that whenever he is on the court the Jazz are getting destroyed.
JPHoks1981::Great now Burks will put up some garbage numbers and the other Jazz fans will slobber his balls
JPHoks1981::At least Watson knows he cant shoot and only does when shot clock is down Burks I hope im wrong and turns out good but I just dont see it. There has to be a reason your behind Carroll most of the time.
JPHoks1981::Why do people think hes so good, there is a reason hes was buried on the bench. He doesnt play a lick of D and he cant shoot I just dont see the hype .
rbmw263::He is far better on D than Jamaal or Earl.  They cant stay w/ anybody.  Foye cant play D either...
capnchuc::The bench argument doesn't really work... I think if Corbin had Lebron on his team, he would only somehow manage to play him 15 minutes a night.
Never Trust A Man Who Sleeps In A Hat::Better than the 0s you usually get from Watson most games
Grantox::burks is good dude! what you got against him?
King DM::STONE!
lll__::i can just see the younger guys getting pissed by being benched constantly when they're obviously better. they'll leave and the jazz will be left with nothing
climb171::Faried is in B league   (beasting).................
Quincy Miller::Stone!
ESPNisBSNEWZ::STONE!!!!
adam_keefe_fan_forever::Playoffs ain't happening for the Jazz this year, and likely not next year either. Unfortunately that might also be true for Denver too. Who knows though, maybe something crazy will happen, like Golden State reverting to Golden State and opening up a slot.
Grantox::i agree! but... maybe a new coach would bench jefferson. and let kanter and favors play more! , drop foye out of starting and get rid of tinsley and watson! play burks more. i think 1. would do a lot, but 2 would be tremendous if they came up with a good PG for him. but anything to get rid of him would help./ he just sucks so bad on D and is such a ball hog it really hurts the jazz, even tho he posts double doubles alot
adam_keefe_fan_forever::I think you'd be surprised how little 1 would do compared to 2.
Grantox::if jazz would do at least one of the following they could do it. 1. fire ty corbin.... 2. trade al jefferson. that would then make them contenders
capnchuc::I tried to like Corbin, he just doesn't know what he is doing
Never Trust A Man Who Sleeps In A Hat::Jazz should have a completely different roster next year. Playoffs should be happening  if they sign/trade/draft properly
Never Trust A Man Who Sleeps In A Hat::Can anyone explain to me why the Jazz gave Evans a 3 year deal? He doesn't even get on the court in blowouts
Grantox::not sure! he kinda sucks guess they just like having a pogo stick on the team
