hokiesfan93::3-17, 0 assists. rudy cmon man...
cincy132002::I will be surprised if the Griz make the playoffs this year. Letting Mayo walk away for nothing was a mistake. He was easily their best player outside of Gasol, and as long as Gay is still on this team I dont seem them ever going anywhere.
memphisgroove::This fool has obviously never watched the Grizzlies play and is only going off of the fact that OJ is thriving as the #1 option on a Dirk-less Mavs team for the 1st four games of the season. He came off of the bench for Memphis and, while on the court, was maybe the 4th option on offense. Listen, I loved OJ's game as much as the next guy but he was basically not needed on our team. For less than he was asking we got two role players that will (and have thus far) filled OJ's shoes easily. OJ was very inconsistent whether starting or coming off of the bench as the 4th option. He needs to be on a team where he is the 1st or 2nd option. But anyway, your comment was ignorant. This would be like me saying "I would be surprised if the Thunder make the playoffs this year because James Harden was was easily their best player aside from Kevin Durant." And even that statement, as asinine as it may be, holds more water than the mental retardation that you posted. You see, there is an argument to be made that James Harden was the 2nd best player on the Thunder, but there is no argument that Mayo was even in the ballpark of Zach Randolph, Rudy Gay, Tony Allen (best defensive wing in the league) or even Mike Conley for that matter. Total.trash.comment.
mtoaks10::There could not be more wrong with this statement.  Gasol isn't even the Grizzlies' best player first off.  Second off, I would be surprised if the Grizzlies do not get atleast the 5th seed in the playoffs.
doof54::It became pretty obvious that Mayo was not going to thrive with the Grizz.  He only does well in a free-flowing, shoot any time you want to, doesn't matter if you play defense or stay within the offensive philosophy kind of environment.  Hope he does well with Dallas.  Losing Mayo will not affect their playoff chances at all.
reggielegendary::6th seed? Do cats know the Grizz finished tied for 3rd in the West last year? They should be in the top 4 again this year. Biggest weaknesses were addressed in the offseason. Perimeter shooting and backup PG. So we addressed our weaknesses and our strengths got healthier and better and we're supposed to finish worse than last year?! Yeah ok!
Clobbersaurus01::"Cats"?  The 50s called.  They want their lingo back!!  j/k ;D
doof54::Clarifying what actually happened at the end.  Game was completely over.  Rudy Gay dribbling out the clock. Randy Foye sneaks up from behind, steals the ball, and tries to make an egomaniacal, punkish, smack-talking dunk.  Gasol hammered him.  As it should be.
leover31::i hope randy foye and marc gasol will die tonight.. f...king b...itches
david.smith811::you sound like a very stable person
leover31::this game is the most fixed game ever..who gave a flagrant foul if your team is leading  by two digits in the final secs.. and randy foye probably bet on over 196 total points, and dying to score more even on the very last second... they should investigate this game.. its very obvious..
olwildcory723::or maybe the Jazz always fight to the end and and Gasol flagrant fouled him. yeah, that sounds right.
wkdavis85::Or Randy Foye was being a sore loser and Gasol showed him the error of his ways...
tulanePKS::"Grizz Win Home Opener Behind Randolph" ... Not really.  Randolph is a beast on the boards, but Gasol had a near perfect game. I don't think a center has had as good of a game this season. Yeah, the 22 pts, 8 rbs, 8 asts are nice, but how about his 0 turnovers and 10-10 FT's?   Marc Gasol dictates how the team performs more than anyone.
doof54::Absolutely true.  ESPN and the media's obsession with "there must be a superstar, mention him in the headline"... got it wrong tonight. Zach would be the first to admit that he really struggled in this game.  Team win.  And, if you had to pick a star, it would be Marc Gasol, not Zach Randolph.
leggoheatles::I've been following a bet system called SportsBettingStar a few months back. Since I started playing this system I have doubled my money in just two months. You can find this system on the first page of google if you search the words Sports Betting System.  I recommend this system to anyone that likes to bet on sports
CandySparker::Zach Lotta Love!
Td4mvp3::spurs &gt; rest of the NBA combined
Boneshank::I am tired of Mo Williams' act already. Chuck away, Mo! Chuck away!
higgibop23::When you go to vote tomorrow I would ask you, are you better off than you were 6 TRILLION dollars ago? do you like PAYING $4.00+ for a GALLON OF GAS? Is America better off with 8% unemployment? (Higher than 4 years ago) Is America better off with LESS people working today than four years ago? Is America better off with 49 MILLION Americans on food stamps? (Up 15 million 4 years ago) Is America better off with 1 in 6 Americans in Poverty? Is America better off borrowing 40 cents of every Dollar from China than we were four years ago? Is America better off with a President who said he would cut the deficit in half but has TRIPLED it? Are you better off with America being less respected in the world? If the answer is no, then there is only one man you can vote for. Mitt Romney is EXACTLY what this country needs.
eavisraw94::Play tony wroten
doof54::I would like to see both of them get some playing time.  But, with Lionel Hollins, they have to earn it in practice.  Expect to see Wroten first, because he plays defense.  Selby is going to have to show some D before Hollins will let him sniff the court during a game.
david.smith811::need a runaway in either direction first. selby was hitting threes in his sleep and hasn't gotten any minutes either.
obamaagainin2012::Memphis has the best front court in the world.
olwildcory723::Last night they sure did.
ThisIzTicket::lmao ... scroll to the end of this video and watch how crazy this coach goes HAM on the refs.. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z_qXkovk3ao
ThisIzTicket::lmao ... scroll to the end of this video and watch how crazy this coach goes HAM on the refs.. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z_qXkovk3ao
Milk Was A Bad Choice7::Gasol is a beast. I'm a student at CU Boulder and made a website for a digital marketing class project, check out the Sports section: http://milkwasabadchoice.weebly.com/ Utah doesn't look great now, but I can still see them landing the 8th seed.
olwildcory723::scence makes no sense
CARDINALSRULE10::yah  i guess we would do worse this season  with both gay and randolph healthy as opposed to getting the 4th seed last year with gay out most they year ya your right ow wait you are an idiot and that makes no scence
Milk Was A Bad Choice7::Memphis looks like a six seed to me as well.
KyleBrown834534::Gay is 3-17 shooting and the Jazz still lost?
olwildcory723::842 it seemed like
scow79::How many foul shots did he get?
Colin__444::Dominating shooting performance from Rudy Gay.
KyleBrown834534::pains me to say this but Jazz suck
ishnock::thanx for OJ mayo, guys ..dude is a beast  let's see:   gave away gasol  passed up on love  and let a deadly SG walk away for nothing.   I like the grizz, but your coach does not know what the f.o.c.k he is doing, which is why mayo didnt excel under him, but did under the previous coach.   Hollins is a motivator, but does not know anything about Xs and Os......and rudy is not a star, so overrated.
tigersfangoldandblue::If you want to rip on Grizzlies moves there are some to rip on, those aren't the ones ... how about Hasheem Thabeet? I'm a Grizzlies fan and that made me sick. I was sick on draft night, thinking if they wanted to go big they should've taken Jordan Hill. Now Hill hasn't turned out great, but he is pretty solid for the Lakers.
tigersfangoldandblue::You think O.J. Mayo is playing well right now because the Mavericks roster is so decimated that they are playing him a lot out of necessity. That is what you mean by "we know how to use him" when actually that means "we don't have as much talent as the Grizzlies so we have to play him more."
ishnock::btw, you didn't get terrible offers for him. The grizz fumbled the trade paperwork and missed the deadline, when the pacers were willing to give griz josh mcrobert and picks for him .  The bulls offered you ronnie brewer ( the same ronnie brewer that is killing for the knicks right now) , a first ,and two second rounds for mayo, and the grizz said no ...lol ..  the bulls and the pacers wanted him badly, and you still let him walk for nothing ....got nothing in return.   "But according to multiple league sources, the Bulls aggressively pursued Grizzlies shooting guard O.J. Mayo, offering Ronnie Brewer, two first-round picks and one second-round pick.  The Grizzlies rebuffed the offer, attempting to deal Mayo to the Pacers for forward Josh McRoberts and a first-round pick. However, the league office didn't approve that trade because it came after the 2 p.m. deadline." " http://articles.chicagotribune.com/2011-02-24/sports/ct-spt-0225-trade-bulls-heat-chicago-20110224_1_bulls-move-gar-forman-grizzlies
ishnock::no, hollins is a terrible coach, just go back to that okc vs grizz playoffs two years ago. I don't mean any disrespect, but it's the truth. he's a motivator, not an Xs and Os guy......  With the talent that he had/has, he is underachieving......The talent alone will get you in the playoffs, but nothing else. You need a better coach to get you over the hump.   Again, thank you for mayo.....you guys had a lethal player on your hands, but you didn't know how to use him, but we do   peace.
Jhe1125::Let's see:  Got M. Gasol for P. Gasol (I will take Marc any day) Didn't pas on Love (drafted him and then traded him for OJ, who coming out was ranked higher) Kept OJ because we got terrible offers for him and because we needed him in the playoffs.  Oh, and considering Hollins has received votes in the past few years for COY, I'm going to assume the experts know a little bit more than you.  In short, your'e an idiot
Clobbersaurus01::Marc &gt; Pau and the Pau trade led to signing Zbo.  We do ok with trades, slightly below average with drafts, and above average with free agent signings (usually depth and role players).
jcw726::lol enjoy it when mayo is 2-16 from the floor in any months that dont end in bruary. OJ is a deadly SG but Gay isnt a star... dude please tell me how i should pick up adam morrison in my fantasy league.
Watneys67::Really have to evaluate any team based on # of games should have won, but lost - and number of games should have lost, but won.  Based on schedule played, Jazz should be 2-2, but are 1-3. Record looks bad, but simply a one game difference based on what they should have won (New Orleans), so they need to find a way in the next 4-5 games to pick up a game penciled in as a probable loss and get an upset win (in Denver would be a great place).
olwildcory723::Kyle's question is also sometimes phrased as "why did the Jazz keep Al Jefferson on the roster this year?"
GoTigers2015::Jazz are a good team, I definitely expect them to be in the playoffs. They'll get it together
KyleBrown834534::Why did the Jazz decide to get worse this year?
zdunn1785::Marvin Williams looked good tonight
olwildcory723::Devin Harris wasn't a good creator for teammates, and neither is Mo. They're kind of the same, but I like Mo's toughness and defense better than D-Harris. Still, the Jazz DO need a true PG that can set up teammates. Favors, Evans, Kanter, they would all be better if they had that.
zdunn1785::Marvin is very inconsistent, thats why hawk fans was glad he was traded
zdunn1785::lol i was being sarcastic, you all dogged devin harris but hes a good pg
machinegunkelley80::utah needs a point guard to control the offence
BowCephus::What does Selby have to do to get some playing time
tigersfangoldandblue::10 points in two minutes and you think that is time to put in the third string. Do you watch the NBA??? Bigger leads have been blown in that time.
machinegunkelley80::play some defence
machinegunkelley80::yes but holins is a defencive minded coach. 10 points with 2 minutes isnt over
BowCephus::When they're up by 10 in the final 2 mini??? The boy can score
Passplay22::GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
UJ801::if you're this mad about it you need a new hobby. try watching basketball for fun rather than betting on it
UJ801::Heard some people complaining that Mo is a shoot first point guard and that's not what we need and such.. but he makes a lot of his attempts, and 8 assists tonight is good as well.
machinegunkelley80::hes a very good player and his ability to score makes him so dangerous all around but he should never be your number one option as a pg
Passplay22::I WANNA FIGHT EVERYBODY RIGHT NOW A PUNCH PEOPLE IN THE FACE !!!! WHOS MAN ENOUGH TO STEP UP RIGHT NOW PUNKS ????????????????
Passplay22::YOU DIE YOU M. F. !!!!!!!!!!! I WILL FIND YOU AND HURT YOU TOO !!!!!!!!!!
Passplay22::YOU GONNA MAKE ME? YOU M F ?? LETS DO THIS RIGHT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I WILL SMASH YOUR FACE IN !! BREAK YOUR BONES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IM GONNA FIND OUT WHERE YOU LIVE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Passplay22::UJ801 - anyone who talks like this on the internet is always a queer. and probably has a small d*ck
UJ801::anyone who talks like this on the internet is always a queer. and probably has a small d*ck
machinegunkelley80::die please
UJ801::damn shut the hell up. stop betting and you won't get your panties in a wad like this
Passplay22::Since when do the suck Grizzlies score 103 ???????? WHEN THE FIX IS IN TO GO OVER IN AN UNDER GAME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Passplay22::FIXED SHOULD HAVE STAYED UNDER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
UJ801::tough to watch tonight... Desperately need to start winning winnable road games.
olwildcory723::Last team to beat Memphis at their place was Utah Jazz last February.
david.smith811::winnable? lmao. this is the grindhouse. we let teams get ahead for the sole purpose of beating them from behind to depress their fans. you must be new to #grizznation. check that stats.
UJ801::had to LOL, the guy talking crap on Mitt Romney had the name "RottenDrunk"... there's your Obama voter.
floreezie::no, it's not like saying you'd never vote for someone black- a person's religion is a choice they make and reflects their judgment.
UJ801::And i'd rather vote for a Mormon than a communist. Carry on.
machinegunkelley80::ok id never vote for a mormon and im not even religious
machinegunkelley80::dont get the comparison, i wouldnt vote for a mormon because until 1978 they believed that black skin was the mark that cain recieved for killing abel
UJ801::haha. that's like saying you'd never vote for someone black.
machinegunkelley80::this is basketball
UJ801::then why was he talking about politics? go tell him.
Passplay22::totally FIXED !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
scow79::And I like the Marvin Williams edition, but he has got to be more aggressive.  He passed up so many open shots tonight coming off of screens and curls.
leover31::randy foye, bet on over 196... doing everything to score, to pass 196.. wow...
Passplay22::ROY2Daboy is a pedophile
Passplay22::GASOL YOU UGLY GOOF !!!!!!!!!!!!
scow79::Jazz aren't going anywhere until they solve the fouling issue.
scow79::It's awful.  Every time down the damn court.  It was the same thing against SA the other night.
dmcmorris08::Yeah its extremely frustrating.
machinegunkelley80::and pg
piep15::jazz can look to the lottery what PG are they gonna get?
piep15::they don't play with passion Mo is the only one who cares Sap does when jefferson is on the bench
dmcmorris08::Yeah, someone needs to light a fire under their $@%!$!
dmcmorris08::Easy, there are still 78 games no need to panic
machinegunkelley80::who needs oj he wasnt helping the chemistry of the second unit
sandman2685::He is helping in Dallas...Rick is teaching him to play BB again....Griz coach was ruining this kid....Griz doesn't need him...He is a better fit for Mavs
machinegunkelley80::thats what i just said. i like this bench and with arthur thell be dangerous
leover31::fixed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
leover31::fixed to over 196... didnt you notice?
machinegunkelley80::dont bet
machinegunkelley80::whatttttt yeah right
Br3tt11::Grizzlies vs Bucks any thoughts?
Benjamayne::grizz give them the smack attack a go to 3-1
Passplay22::I HOPE YOU DIE GASOL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Jonny2768::WE WILL NOT BE LAST THIS YEAR
RabbiLevine::How'd Bryant Reeves look tonight? I started him in fantasy....
Passplay22::HEY GASOL YOU BIG UGLY GOOFUS, YOU COST ME MY UNDER !!! DIE DIE DIE DIE DIE !!!!!!!!!
Passplay22::YOUR MOTHER IS A PROSTITUTE
roy2daboy::Get a REAL job and stop betting.
Pimpin_In_NY::damn fix is in with technical. @nd half had no business going over.
Jonny2768::SKOL WOLVES
piep15::jazz have no chance till jefferson is gone
sandman2685::Good Win Griz....but We Mavs Fans would like to thank you 4 OJ Mayo...Back to Back 30 points games
dmcmorris08::Yeah Mayo is a bum dude, the grizz are better without him
sandman2685::I agree with the 2nd part....Griz doesn't need him
Benjamayne::just w8 till he starts losing u games
badcooky81::You'd hope he'd go in to the league knowing fundamentals.
sandman2685::He doesn't have to do much in Dallas....He just needs to make the wide open 3's....U guys were runining this kid...U r coach almost destroyed his carrer....he did not teach him fundmentals
dmcmorris08::Quite certain both Z Bo, and Gasol are gonna get "warnings" for their flops tonight, Good acting down in Memphis
UJ801::ZBo better get a warning for the flop on Sap. not near enough force to make him fall.
dmcmorris08::A little.
gotigersmemphis87::LOL you mad bro
