--.Bullster.--::$@%!
Whitlock6969::People hate on the Pacers, they still made the Bulls suffer their first loss at home....
superpieman802::cute celebration by the pacers.  i know alot of pacers fans were saying "only good teams get hated on" well if your really as good a team as you think there is no need to celebrate like you won the title after winning a game against another good team.  but thats ok when you lose to us in the playoffs again you can at least remember celebrating your 12th win of the year
Whitlock6969::your stupid......(virgin)
wtsucuahi::They have to play like a championship every game...
lovesports3409::They get a win. They're excited because it doesn't happen often. It's OK.
nblucas97::You must not watch much basketball.
ngabrek::us? you play for the bulls?
kemurph.::Anyone can get up for one game.  The game result had more to do with the Pacers' emotion than the injuries, no excuses, just that they fought hard.  Kudos to Pacers for bringing a chip to this game - but a truer measure of how good the team is was their home loss to the Magic.  Rember, the Cavs' celebration when they beat the Heat in one game last year - it was all about revenge for them, they got up for one game but in the end they were who they were.  Bulls will be just fine, it's still a 4-1 Bulls series if they meet in the playoffs.  The Pacers made the stupid mistake of making Rose angry, so emotions will run the other way next game and for a while.  Don't anger a Bull or you get gored.
nblucas97::So how is the loss more telling then the win? Because you're a Bulls fan? I don't follow. The same way a team can get up for a game, they can also slump. It's just the way sports work.
tbomber2::the trolls are out today!  no point in arguing with stupid, fck this im on vacation.  off to go snowboarding for me.
lovesports3409::Enjoy your vacation...this is irrelevant.
DogOnLoose::That indeed was a cool story
Chargers_4_Sale::cool story bro.
Chargers_4_Sale::Westbrook would of took the layup also drawling the foul. Rose should take notes how to takeover the game.
boilers0824::Good luck winning the "Westbrook &gt; Rose" argument. Doesn't take much to prove that wrong.
Chargers_4_Sale::No Westbrook vs Rose is 1 - 1
boilers0824::That's referring to their respective teams. You're referring to their individual performance, so to address that:  1 &gt; 0  Case closed.
Chargers_4_Sale::Westbrook 15-3 &gt; Rose 16-4
btpkk::Rose doesn't get the foul calls that's why he passed the ball
Johnny B Goode 2001::What the hell was Scalabrine (scrotabrine?) doing on the floor in crunch time?  And what the hell was Rose thinking when he passed it to him for the final shot?  Anyway, we were going to lose at home eventually, just wish it wasn't like this.  Bulls are still the best.
Bigmayne313::They arent that bad they just have their money tied up in players thats not producing how they should be, Noah, and Boozer
Bigmayne313::Since they had Rony Seikly, Grant Long, Glen Rice, Steve Smith, and Sherman Douglas oh you might be too young to know about that squad huh?
Bigmayne313::Scal wouldnt get no clock on anybody else's team smh
tbomber2::oh so the bulls are so bad that we went so low as to sign brian scalabrine because we couldnt get anybody else?  SMH  bigmayne how long have you been a heat fan?  13 months?
tbomber2::boozer was in foul trouble (5pf) and scal is arguably a better defender, and scal had the open shot.  you make that pass 10 out of 10 times, and thats a shot scal can and should have made.  scal's not as bad a player as people like to make him out to be.  he's been hitting tough shots (reverse layups, fadeways over big defenders) this season.  he's a locker room presence but if he couldn't play in the NBA, he wouldn't be on the team.
btpkk::who cares if he was in foul trouble there was only a minute left
.NigWantsKFC::He's actually a good 3pt shooter but i agree, Rose should just finish this.
.NigWantsKFC::Whoa, and i thought that Heat fans are cocky assholes. Bulls fans are surpassin them by a mile in cockyness.
Bigmayne313::Hey!! Im a Heat fan! lol
tbomber2::dont feed this troll
boilers0824::His name isn't helping his cause, either.
.NigWantsKFC::Haha oh wow. Says who?
Bigmayne313::Here comes the excuses from the Bulls fans, the Heat are missing Wade and still beat some of the elite teams of the NBA just face it they're not deep enough, people laughed at me when I said the Pacers would give the Bulls a run for their money, and if they gotta meet up in the playoffs the Bulls might be in trouble in a 7 game series
southridge305::so deng will be the reason why they lose most of the games why he is out. heat beat the hawks with both lebron and wade out. sometimes the ball just doesnt roll your way. yes injuries hurts teams, but the fact is alot of teams are hurt and trying to get players healthy. if heat lost two key players for the season, one being wade or james, they will not get any slack from the media, and fans so because deng is hurt doesnt mean bulls cant win games or even against elite teams. fact of matter is you have boozer who could be a top forward, but hasnt been playing that way. bulls paid him the money for what they thought he was worth. if boozer is the boozer in utah, then u want even be missing deng as much as u do now, but like i said, he is playing mediocre at time. without deng, bulls still have a contending team for a title, but they have a better chance beating any team out west, then beating heat without deng. if bosh was playing mediocre then it would really hurt the heat.  some teams are built to keep winning when key players are out for extended time. i think bulls are one of them, but we shall see with deng out, gibson out and other palyers bang up. last year heat bench already suck overall so it didnt help them when they lost the 2 best players to injuries off the bench in haslem and miller. hat still finish 3rd in the nba and made the finals. they did that with no consistent player other than the big three. what the lakers have now is what heat had last year, but of course heat big three is better, but same logic apply. rose, boozer, and noah must be the big three if the bulls are to come out the east. if u think anything else, then time will tell u are wrong
Bigmayne313::@boiler its cool to defend your team but Boozer isnt worth what they're paying him and he dosent produce like he should in big games and you'll be a fool to defend that
Bigmayne313::I honestly didnt think the Heat was gonna make it to the finals last year because that whole team was just assembled and I only know one team to come together in one season and win the championship and that was Boston when they got KG and Ray Allen. So called sports experts arent always on point
boilers0824::Bulls won't get by the Heat? I wouldn't be so confident. And again, you proved you could win in Chicago...without Deng and Gibson. That matters, but continue to ignore that if it makes you feel better. Oh, and don't forget that was Rose's first game back from his toe injury, so he certainly isn't at 100%. Could the Pacers put up a fight in a 7 game series? Of course. Could they win the series? I highly doubt it.
mixmaster89::either way the bulls won't get by the heat in the playoffs and if the pacers and bulls meet again in the playoffs it will be a hell of series considering we just proved we can win in chicago.
Bigmayne313::Dallas is deep, Denver is deep, Portland is deep, because they have multiple weapons at every position even on the bench cant say the same for the Bulls, and Im not hating on them they just need more weapons. Boozer sux, Korver sux, CJ Watson decent, Brewer decent, D Rose beast, Rip smh waste of money the list goes on
boilers0824::You kind of prove your posts to be irrelevant with some of the stuff you say. Boozer sucks? Hmmmm. Bulls not deep? Laughable. Most knowledgeable fans (and NBA experts) disagree. And bragging about the Heat victory over the Bulls? Uhhh, I thought the NBA championship was a guarantee for the Heat? That certainly didn't happen. "Not one...."
Bigmayne313::For one it wasnt an arguement, I was simply stating that the Bulls MIGHT be in trouble if they gotta face the Pacers in a 7 game series then yall went on a rant tryin to defend them. Im a Heat fan btw and we know what happened last year #nuffsaid
Bigmayne313::Its cool to defend your team but saying the Bulls are one of the deepest teams is just $@%!$@%!, they are solidified at one position and thats the Pg other than that Idk what to tell you
tbomber2::the fact that you're claiming the bulls aren't one of the deepest teams is a testament to your insufferable stupidity.
boilers0824::Well, the Bulls happen to play a thing we call defense....so where you say they lack on offense, they make up for on defense. May want to check their record - and many of those games without Rose and other players. You're kind of going nowhere with this argument.
Bigmayne313::And where does he rank amongst small forwards in the league? I mean its not hard to be the 2nd scoring option a team without many offensive weapons, Boozer was supposed to be that second option
tbomber2::just quit man.  you're terrible at this.
Bigmayne313::Deng consistent? When this season? His whole career has been inconsistent, Im glad you have faith in Loul Deng smh
boilers0824::That pretty much defines consistency.
tbomber2::im done with you man.  you clearly have no idea what you're talking about.
tbomber2::yes.  look at lu's ppg.  most consistent this year on the team (and he was 2nd behind d-rose last year)  21 22 12 19 11 21 2 21 8 4 21 12 21 14 20 15 21 22
Bigmayne313::Save the lame excuses, the arent deep enough when they face teams that have multiple weapons, Deng which is their second option is not consistant and their big men can barley produce offense on a consistant basis
wackotheclown7022::Bulls: 2nd stringers in SG and PF 3rd stringers in C, SF 4th stringers in PG  Not very good, in my opinion
boilers0824::You're kidding by saying the Bulls aren't deep enough, right? One of the deepest teams in the league...saying otherwise shows that you're not paying attention. And it's not really an excuse, it's a pretty legitimate reason why they lost....
tbomber2::deng is the most consistent player on the team.  what you're saying is flat-out false.  you should be happy at the win, and act like you've been there before.
boilers0824::We're not talking about the Heat, so no sense in making that comparison. It's pretty evident that with Deng and Gibson, it would be a different story. Sure, the Pacers could give the Bulls a run in a 7 game series, but no way they take the series.
Bigmayne313::Dummy the Bulls have played 4 more games than the Pacers and they only have 1 less loss
tbomber2::only 1 less loss?  thats a funny way of saying we have played 3(!) more games and have 4 more wins.
tbomber2::16-4 &gt; 13-5 &gt; 12-5
sportspotpourri::In this crazy 66 game season it is even more useless to look at one game as any kind of barometer of success for the better teams. Too many games in too little time to judge a team before the 7 game series start.
boilers0824::The Pacers are looking good and their fans should be excited, but the injury excuse is legitimate in this one. No Deng and no Gibson makes a huge difference. Regardless, the Bulls have been beating teams even with their injuries, so this is still a good win for the Pacers.
southridge305::is ronnie brwer the back up sf for bulls? if so, then he isnt the issue while deng is out. he made up for the offense that deng brings, but not defense, but as good as bulls are on defense, they strong point is great team defense. pacers just made a few  more plays tonight
sportspotpourri::I don't even see it as an excuse, because it's not like they get an * next to the W. It's a fact, the Bulls were not 100% and the Pacers took advantage of more favorable match ups as good teams should.
CowboysBullsLonghornsStarsRangers::If Scalabrine would've knocked down that 3 my clothes would've been off and I would've been running around the bar
Bigmayne313::If, If was a fith we would all be drunk!!
fishheatfins::Heat and Bulls fans can agree on 1 thing for sure........ The KNICKS are trash lol
monkeysars87::amare cant play with melo cause melo doesnt pass. amare made his career by playing with a guy named steve nash
threalReginald::I won't go that far. They are just trying to find a system. They met a fired up Cavs team that Heat was lucky to beat. Byron Scott is one of the best coaches in the league. We will see what the Knicks are really capable of on Friday their 1st and maybe only playoff game this year.
sportspotpourri::Let's not go too far on giving Byron Scott credit for his team beating a team who can't get past the Bobcats without a real struggle. The Knicks "system" should include a new coach and some trades that make sense. This is a team that has had Ronaldo Balkman TWICE for God's sake.
fishheatfins::No matter how good the Knicks are if you're a Heat fan you have to think they're trash.  Late 90's early 2000's is the reason why
SevereInsanity::So can the NBA.*
sportspotpourri::Bucks fans can agree on that.
SevereInsanity::I'm a Chicago fan, I'm not going to dissapear when they lose like the Heat fans do.  "The difference between this year's team and last year's team, we have confidence that we'll score at crunch time," Vogel said. "We'll score in the fourth quarter. We didn't have that last year."  More like, the difference between this year's team, and last years team. Is that no one could guard Danny Granger, and pop up another 20 for the bulls. They scored in the fourth quarter, and won because we lost a key player to the offense. Good win by the Pacers to capitalize on injuries. But you can't say it was soley skill, some of it was luck. Good win though Pacers fans.
jc12321::brewer stepped up for u guys so dont act like no one was there to replace deng. the pacers were the better team
.2theriot2::Brewer is a back up, he's not Deng. The problem is you have a drop off when Brewer comes out, but not when Deng comes out and Brewer backs him up. I wasn't able to watch the game, so I can't comment on the in game play outside of that, but to say that not having an all-star quality starter didn't affect the game is ludicrous. That being said, the game would have been completely different and the Pacers still could have won with Deng in the lineup or vice versa.
Skauboy::That night they were the better team.  Are they the better team overall?  Not even close.
southridge305::ok so when heat play bulls sunday, if heat win, will it be because u guys have hurt players? if bulls win, will it be ok to say ok wade didnt play or if he plays, he was out in is rusty... get the picture
monkeysars87::Dude its one game. you dont need to over analyze the crap outta it. pacers won, bulls lost. who is gonna be better later on? probably the bulls
southridge305::sounds like u making an excuse to why the bulls lost, but trying to give credti to the pacers at the same time. teams been losing key players all year, bulls not the only team with hurt players. wade hasnt played in like 8 games. miller miss half of the games played this year.
.2theriot2::Mostly healthy? Their starting SG out 8 games, starting PG out 5, back up PG out a couple weeks, now starting SF out 'awhile', back up PF, who logs as many minutes as the starter is now out. Where are you getting mostly. And for the record, the Heat are 5-4 with Wade on the court. They actually mesh better w/o him and LBJ on the court.
southridge305::ok i really dont care if the game was fluke or not. i can say that about every heat lost, because when it comes down to it, no team that beat the heat will win a 7 game series against them. heat has went 7 and 1 with wade out, but thats besides the point.
SevereInsanity::Like sports teams DO.
sportspotpourri::And their record isn't as good as Chicago's, who had a mostly healthy team and guys stepping up...until last night. It's not an excuse, it's a fact. The Heat's record would be better if Wade was Healthy and the Bulls would have benefited from Deng playing on both ends last night. Indiana took advantage of that absence as they should have.
SevereInsanity::Yeah how many games have the Heat lost WITHOUT THOSE PLAYERS? To teams they should have won against. How many teams have the Bulls beat without Rose?  And it basically is an excuse, because under different circumstances, that loss would have been a win. Regardless of excuses, it was a good way to capitalize on an injury. Just like Tebow to the Steelers. If that team had been 100%, they wouldn't have lost.  The Pacers are a good team, a really good team. But when it comes down to it, this was a fluke. And no matter what I say, anyone going to deny what I said and say IT'S SKILL WHY THE WON, SKILL, SKILL.
sportspotpourri::$@%! poor defensive effort by the Bulls last night. I was shocked they were so lazy on defense and stagnant on offense. boozer jumped for every 18 foot pump fake like he was guarding Reggie Miller. I'm sure Thibs let them have it, one to the next one...
abenezer44::someone said know u now how it feels to be a heat fan, there is no such thing as a heat fan lol.
threalReginald::It said it and I'll be here to say it again on Sunday. Heat fan in da House Bit.c.h
Chargers_4_Sale::Westbrook = Rose Harden &gt; Hamilton Durant &gt; NBA  Ibaka &gt; Boozer Perkins &gt; Noah  Thunder by landslide  Westbrook &gt; Chalmers Harden &lt; Wade Durant &gt; Lebron Ibaka &gt; Bosh Perkins &gt; Curry  Thunder wins
Nick El Michoacano::Rose&gt;westbrook*
SevereInsanity::Westbrook too immature &lt; Rose  Harden &lt; Hamilton: Playoff exp. Durant &gt; NBA No $@%!, But Deng could atleast attempt to keep up.  Ibaka = Gibson, change that. Ibaka &lt; Boozer, Gibson Perkins &gt;= Noah  It all depends on if he focuses or not.  No landslide, sorry bud.
threalReginald::I don't think we can say KD or Kobe is better until we see them try to guard Lebron. Kobe tried this year and he looked like a boy trying to post up on D against his dad in the drive way. You're Welcome.
fishheatfins::Westb &gt; Chalmers Harden &lt; Wade KD &lt; LeBron Ibaka &lt; Bosh  Perk = Anthony
Bulls96Teambestever::unless they face dallas since dallas owns the thunder
threalReginald::OKC is a much better team than Dallas right now. Be Real
FranklinStrut::Indiana fans are funny. They have no sense to understand a fluke.   Miami fans are just on the wagon.   Bulls Rule. Pacers not so much.
nblucas97::Are you 10 years old?
monkeysars87::the pacers r solid
Bulls96Teambestever::pacers are a solid young team that will give the bulls issues in the playoffs.
fishheatfins::Miami vs Indiana W 118-83  Chicago vs Indiana L 90-95
monkeysars87::whats the spread?
monkeysars87::people who still talk about last year r in denial about this year
SevereInsanity::Regular season.
fishheatfins::Last year is all we have to compare the Heat and Bulls until Sunday comes
monkeysars87::that is so irrelevant
Bulls96Teambestever::lol go back to your bandwagon
fishheatfins::Proud to say I've been a fan way before LeBron and Bosh came. Come up with something better
Bulls96Teambestever::Bulls where in every game. We werent whooped
fishheatfins::4-1= whooped
FranklinStrut::Oh you got us. What a great stat. Go back to stroking LeChoke. Your argument is weak.
threalReginald::I remember how the Bulls got  LeChoked last year.
fishheatfins::Lebron stroked it all over you in the playoffs
Bulls96Teambestever::its the reg season for christ sakes
threalReginald::Sorry about that. I was getting a posting error message. Once would suffice.
threalReginald::Now you know how it feels to be a Heat fan. The target is on your back every game just shut up and take it.
threalReginald::Now you know how it feels to be a Heat fan. The target is on your back every game just shut up and take it.
threalReginald::Now you know how it feels to be a Heat fan. The target is on your back every game just shut up and take it.
Bulls96Teambestever::we beat clippers you lost
tbomber2::1st argument fails, quick resort to last year's playoffs!
SevereInsanity::The heat are always 100% no matter who they lose, as long as they have one superstar.... pfft...
SevereInsanity::We also aren't 100%. With superstars around every corner.
fishheatfins::We whooooped you in the ECF and hopefully you make it back so miami could whoop up on the Bulls again
fishheatfins::Why aren't all you Bulls fan on the Heat convo board hating? You all seem pretty quiet today
threalReginald::Yes and the Heat better plan for another hungry team desperate for a win on Friday. When teams play the Heat they have career nights, they roll out their best defense and offense. Its like the biggest chance to prove that they are capable of being the best. Detroit certainly played like that last night and so did the Cavs. I would be willing but that if the Bulls and the Cavs met today the Cavs would win.  The Cavs are playing awesome defense. We were lucky that CB4 was on the scene.
monkeysars87::these teams dont like each other much huh. its good for the game though
fishheatfins::Nope and its great having it like that lol I enjoy talking $@%! with Bulls fans. Way better than talking to Knicks fans because they are just irrelevant
monkeysars87::why u on the bulls board? come back here sunday
fishheatfins::I'm here right now because half the bulls fans right now are on Miami's board lol
Bulls96Teambestever::You lost to the bucks. You should of lost to the pistons
fishheatfins::Should have lol but hey guess what we didn't
Chargers_4_Sale::Top 5 1.Thunder 2.Nuggets 3.Pacers 4.Grizzlies 5.Bulls
mixmaster89::im a pacer fan and this is a joke to me even...... the pacers are one of the top 10 teams in the NBA but top 5 is a push cause its early and hard to tell. also i have my doubts wit the thunder
CutlerforMVP1::haha come on man. I'm a die hard Bulls fan, but you're an idiot. You got a big B oner for the Thunder and that's cool, but you got to at least respect the Heat and the Bulls. If you're serious about this, then you just don't know the NBA.
sportsplex23::Wow, is this a joke?
FranklinStrut::Joke.
Bulls96Teambestever::LOL ok. go back to class
Dr.Killapatient...::Lazy Cows...
thereason2323::Rose didn't show up in the 4th quarter last night.  I hope Boozer's disease isn't spreading...
thereason2323::If his toe is still bothering him, he shouldn't have played at all.  The Bulls could have lost without him.
monkeysars87::he should have played the whole 4th quarter..well maybe not. its still regular season
Chargers_4_Sale::Top 5  1.Thunder  2.Bulls  3.Pacers  4.Nuggets  5.Heat   Any comments?
southridge305::none of those teams besides okc, has a chance to beat heat in 7 games
mixmaster89::just cause ur heat beat the pacers in a blow out doesn't mean that will happen everytime.... The heat game we played horribly in every since of the word and deserved to get beat down which the heat did exactly that .
threalReginald::As a Heat fan I could fathom OKC, and the Nuggets (right now) but not the Pacers and the Bulls.
thereason2323::Hating the Heat doesn't make the Pacers, Nuggets, and Thunder better then them..
Chargers_4_Sale::I don't hate the Heat.
_misterfurious::Plus posting it repeatedly doesn't make it any less wrong.
Epicki::My comment? You already posted this.
fishheatfins::Yes stop giving us your top 5
Bulls96Teambestever::Who the hell are tim hardaway and mourning-85% of the new bandwagon heat fans
threalReginald::If you really want weed us out you should ask us about the Brian Grant and Eddie Jones years and their surrounding cast(s).
_misterfurious::A younger person could be a legitimate Heat fan and have never seen any of those guys play.   If you're a teenager for example, you never would have watched them.
fishheatfins::Heat fan here but that is not true. Saying Rony Seikley, Glenn Rice, and Harold Miner would be closer to your statement being true.
_misterfurious::It's Alonzo "Mourning" - not "Morning"
Bulls96Teambestever::Noah and boozers contract's will hurt the bulls for years to come. They are soft useless overpaid
southridge305::noah would fit in better playing with the heat. he will also be with more gator alumni and haslem and miller
_misterfurious::Noah is not soft - limited in what he can do, but he's a tough hardnosed, blue collar player. Can't call him soft.
thereason2323::I agree.  Noah is the perfect example that young players don't always get better.  I cringe every time he shoots from beyond 6 feet.
monkeysars87::boozer cant seem to make a drive to the net without a charge
monkeysars87::people need to relax... its one game... teams don't go undefeated. Bulls lost to a solid pacer team in the regular season. good signs from Brewer and i like the way rip is playing. they really missed deng's defense on Granger. Bulls win a playoff series for sure vs the pacers ..4-1 again probably. GO BULLS
monkeysars87::so youd put money on the pacers over the bulls in the playoffs? the bulls great record in the regular season isnt a fluke, its still the NBA. Teams can win any given night. Are u staying the bucks would win a playoff series vs the heat? of course the pacers COULD beat the bulls in a series. but 80% of the time id say no..notice i said probably
threalReginald::I wouldn't be so sure about the Bulls winning a playoff series against the Pacers. The Bulls have great record right now due to a kind schedule thus far. I can count about 5 weak teams that you guys have had gimmie wins against. Not saying you guys aren't good but for me the jury is still out.
threalReginald::What happened Cows?
threalReginald::Yes Miami fans are have a huge cook out this Sunday and Bennie is the guest of honor.
Epicki::It's going to be a good game. I expect a big game for Asik.
monkeysars87::is that game in miami?
threalReginald::What ever it all tastes the same after its been grilled by the Heat. See ya on sunday Bulls fans.
Epicki::Calling the Bulls the Cows is incredibly dumb. Steers is a better nickname for the Bulls if you're an opposing fan. Bucks.
tmohr48::Congrats to the Pacers this season with their great start to this shortened season. It's all because of Brian Shaw doing his assistant coaching homework. Good luck Brian Shaw and may your Pacers go deep in the eastern conference playoffs.  Go Lakers
threalReginald::The Lakers are run by idiots. People of good character are shunned. I guess thats why the team is full of scumbags. Can't wait to see your team crash and burn in the playoffs.
bigmac3446::I hate bulls "fans" who never care about their "team" unless their good. They were big bulls fans while MJ was there. Before that they weren't. And then after Jordan left they didn't care anymore. And now that they're good again with rose their back. Now they say they're huge "fans" again. Being a true fan is sticking with your team through the good AND bad.
bigmac3446::I guess.
monkeysars87::every team has fans like that. doesnt make sense to single out the bulls.
bigmac3446::I did. But I'm just saying there's a bunch of other bulls fans all over who just started liking them because their good. I do admit there are some good bulls fans. But a lot of them are not good
monkeysars87::if anything theres more blackhawk bandwaggon fans. They went from last in attendance to 1st after winning the cup
bigmac3446::Yes for bears and cubs but not at all for bulls
monkeysars87::did u read that article above..its saying the bulls have had the highest average attendance over the last decade.
monkeysars87::dude, chicago fans may be the most die hard fans in the country
bigmac3446::No but I've had pacers season tix for like 5 years and there were no bulls fans there until last year when they were good. Last year there were all of a sudden a ton more. And I do admit Indy has HORRIBLE fans.
bigmac3446::That's 20000 going to the game. They're are a bunch of bulls fans all over who don't care until they're good. Its not a crime but it sure is annoying.
Epicki::How would you know if people didn't care about the Bulls in that span? Are you a Bulls fan yourself?
Epicki::http://www.nba.com/bulls/news/bullstopnbaattendance_091028.html  After MJ, before Rose. And also, is it a crime to like a team only when they're good? I don't believe so.
fishheatfins::Lol you shut him up
drinking beer with cutler::It is extremely hard to win when your bench only gets 8 points in the whole game..
Chargers_4_Sale::How did White Mamba get in the game at the end? Why did the last shot fall into his hand?
drinking beer with cutler::The White Mamba can actually shoot 3's. I have no problem he made the right decision.
Dr.Killapatient...::Rose has the Heart of a Squirrel...
tmohr48::yeah right, that's why he won MVP last season.... give the kid a break.
Epicki::He was probably put in because Boozer can't play D. And he got the last shot because he was open.
Chargers_4_Sale::Top 5 1.Thunder 2.Bulls 3.Pacers 4.Nuggets 5.Heat
southridge305::bucks better than wizards. bucks actually have a chance to make the playoffs. you fail
badinVA::Oh Lord. Here we go. Justify Pacers over Heat. All the rest, other than the Nuggets, is pure speculation since the Thunder and Bulls haven't even played the Heat yet. And by default, you can't be No. 1 if you lose to the Wiz.
Chargers_4_Sale::Heat lost to the Bucks. Case closed!
Buck0212::I like how you guys are ally dogging the bulls now that they had an off night, in which your saying that they're done!  Lol.  $@%!$@% hilarious!
Epicki::The Bulls couldn't make anything in the 4th, and no Gibson+Deng also, as the Bulls were out rebounded by the Pacers.
badinVA::That is repeated several times over every time the Heat lose too - unfort. by uneducated Bulls fans for the most part..
Dr.Killapatient...::Noah is a Tranny!!!!
badinVA::Someone from Chicagoland explain why you would support Rose passing the most important shot of the game to the White Mamba. And don't give me that "he was open" BS. You would have crucified Lebron James if he were to do something like that.
bigmac3446::Let's just all blame thibadeau or however u spell his name. Why was white mamba in the game that late anyway?? I guessed it was just for defense but if there's any chance he stays in the game for offense, the tradeoff for him in for defense is not worth it
badinVA::To quote Gene Hackman, "winners always want the ball when the game is on the line." Go Falco!
Epicki::Rose does want the ball, but he made the right decision passing it to Scal even though he didn't make it.
DogOnLoose::You're open on the court, why take a very difficult shot when he's wide open..
Epicki::He was open, and he can make 3's. And no, I would not crucify LeBron if he did that because I could care less about what he does.
__Ivan Johnson__::I once taught a class called "Asskicking 101"  There were no survivors
Epicki::I remember that class.
Epicki::The Bulls couldn't make anything in the 4th, and it was a bit painful to watch. Still, they're 16-4 though.
Mike091361::Pacer fans are a little cocky for a team who, in their entire history have win exactly... Nothing! And when this season is over they will have won exactly... Nothing!
bigmac3446::Get your facts right we have won 3 titles. In the ABA but still. And without one player the bulls would have been NOTHING. If the blazers that draft been remotely competent enough 2 draft Jordan, the bulls would have been like the clippers
hunter141516::key word: would*
NightLifeCruiser::Cry, baby cry...  Lose at home and out come the excuses, but when you're beating mediocre teams, there's no problem. Ha, good job Pacers.
FranklinStrut::Bulls rule. Pacers do not.
bigmac3446::Ya who won more recently??
bigmac3446::Ummmmm then why did they just lose to them?? U don't make much sense
hunter141516::1 loss in the history of these two teams means nothing...our track record over the pacers is proof were the superior team.
Axshoun23::Ronnie Brewer Had 20 &amp; 10 ? The Pacers Made Him Look Like A Perenial All Star .
Jaywashing::Take Deng and Gibson off the team and the defense/rebounding take some damage--a lot of damage, actually. The Bulls had a chance to win and should have.   Oh, well. Learn from it, focus on Friday, crush the Bucks.
bigmac3446::The pacers are +30 in scoring this year when Jeff foster  is in. He's worth so much more than what his stats say
Hoosierhawk18::So you are saying Brewer did not essentially replace Deng and actually out perform Deng based on his regular season statistics? Because he did. Losing Gibson hurts, but the Pacers were without Foster who is the best rebounder and best interior defender on the second unit for the Pacers, he doesn't have the offensive production of Gibson, but in terms of defense and rebounding, he is basically right there with him.
Jaywashing::NickelShort, a large portion of a written argument's credibility is based on its grammatical structure. Before you call people fools, I suggest touching up on your English.   And if you're going to dismiss an argument because it holds implications, refrain from employing them in your own argument.
winfieldbus::the Jeff Foster who only plays 14 minutes a game and who only get 4 bounds? hmmm
NickelShort::you're implications mean nothing. Deng may, or may not have replicated that game, or more.  Granger fell asleep on brewer for a quarter, that's all that happened, he wouldn't be sleeping on deng. Too imply a win with one player otherwise is obsurd, and makes you look like a fool. Step away from the internet and worry about the bulls next game.
GrizzK4::If Brewer can have that good of a game, then Deng would have done that much more. You can't play the averages game when Brewer doesn't average near that much typically! Maybe he would have prevented a couple more shots from Granger, maybe he would have made a couple big momentum plays. Woulda coulda shoulda. Good game by the Pacers, hope we meet again in the playoffs this year! THAT would be an epic series, screw the Heat. They're just lame.
Jaywashing::Ronnie pretty much replicated Deng, but Ronnie's backup did not replicate Ronnie; the bench was almost irrelevant. You cannot say Deng's absence didn't matter--that's just absurd. And Taj is pure heart and hustle, a spark defensively and sometimes offensively when Booz is cold. Losing Deng and Taj is a lot worse than losing Jeff Foster.
andertyl000::love to see the no class bulls fans lose. oh and stop saying bulls win with deng. he averaged 18 pts 6 rebounds against the pacers in the playoffs last year
southridge305::lebron had that for one game and it was said he played horrible that game.lol
monkeysars87::haha he ONLY averaged 18pts a game.
Jaywashing::18 and 6 isn't bad and Deng probably would have clutched the shot Scalabrine missed. To suggest Deng's absence wasn't significant is just silly; he's the second-best player on the team and possibly the best defender on the team.
mwlevine::Quit crying Chicago face some facts:  1. You were up 10 at the half and blew it  2. Our main 3 bigs all went into double figures. Don't act like Gibson would have handled all of that production  3. We had 6 guys in double figures (as we've avg all year) on your Top 5 defense  4. Granger killed Brewer period  5. Dengs numbers would have considerably bit into to Brewers great night, not have been incremental    You guys got outplayed in the second half period. Stop your dumb crying.......
southridge305::how bout the bears or dolphins, whats your point, all those teams suck this year
GrizzK4::How 'bout them Colts?
AbyssinianLion::RIP would normally hit 8-10 of those 20 shots. Many just lipped off the rim. sigh
AbyssinianLion::Humbling loss. It will make da Bulls stronger. We missed alot of good open shots and still had a great chance to win in the end.  This will not happen again.
hoosiersthrowdown::You won't lose at home again? Bookmarking this one
Jaywashing::Really, you think that's what he meant?
johnrowley12::Bulls looked bad last night and it was compounded by horrible offciating.  Either way, I think this is better for the Bulls because like some have said below it gives them a reality check that winning their Division, let-alone conference, won't be a walk-in-the-park.
hoosiersthrowdown::Bulls will win the conference
Epicki::Hoosier, I think he meant the Bulls won't be up by 10 vs. a team they should beat at home and lose.
johnrowley12::I expect them to, it just won't be about showing up and thinking they're going to win.
Chargers_4_Sale::So Bulls who's number 1 now?
AbyssinianLion::Da Bulls
hoosiersthrowdown::Charlie Sheen
johnrowley12::Tim Tebow
Jaguarcrazyboy::Tough loss for Bulls. Good game Pacers, yall showed up.
