slam_dunk_on_u::the spurts don't convince anyone even with their new additions they barely beat the pathetic hornets with their main big men out.
Raidersyeahthatsright::Can't convice a fool.
99LALO::They're number two in the conference. So the SPURS aren't trying to convince anyone. They are just winning games.
Rafael68832::The basketball season is a jog not a sprint.  It doesn't matter if they won by 3 or 33.  They won.  Even in this strike shortened season its a jog.  The short season benefits the Spurs more than any other team in the hunt.  That is a fact.  But by adding Stephen Jackson, Boris Diaw and soon to be Patty Mills.  I'm convinced.  But if your still not convinced; then maybe you need to go to their arena and look up towards the rafters at the 4 Championship Banners Hanging down.  First championship on an even numbered year to make 5.
angelocody::slam_dunk_on_u - the spurts don't convince anyone even with their new additions they barely beat the pathetic hornets with their main big men out.  Spurs were on a back to back just coming off a 20 point win over Dallas. No Manu. No Splitter WHILE playing a D-League guard just for $@%!$ and giggles.
dam8669::this has to be one of the worse headlines ever written by espn.  the hornets have been shorthanded all season (thanks to David Stern)
Bexindy55::Man, Spurs gotta play three games in 3 nights.  Pretty ridiculous if you ask me.  I say Pop just play the 3rd string again and tank the game.  Being healthy is more important than trying to catch the Thunder which will most likely not happen.  Get S. Jackson some more playing time. The game's at home so we won't have anyone on here whining about wasting money on a ticket.  Regular season don't mean jack...especially with a stacked Western Conference.
Bexindy55::Ehhhh...well it was ugly but I'll give my Spurs the benefit of the doubt.  Kind of hard to "get up" for one of the worst teams in the league where there are only 50 people in the stands.
WillGonzo::Ah ha, looks like we have ourselves a bandwagon fan posting today. The NBA is supposed to be an endless commercial for people like slam dunk dork. Typical hater. How's this for an opposing point of view: You take the entire Spurs organization and transplant the team in one of the big city markets(NYC, LA, CHI) and see what happens. At that point your argument becomes irrelevant because the national media would be able to spin them as one of the best teams ever due to their success over the last decade. The word "boring" would become taboo. That way people like yourself who need to be force fed the idea of popularity by the media can allow it to soak into to your soggy bandwagon jumping brain. Go dust off your Dallas Cowboys t-shirt Mr. Brand Name. Spurs Rule!!!!
slam_dunk_on_u::maybe becausre the spurts are so boring they do not attract people to the arenas, if it was the Lakers or Heat or Mavs that arena would have been at full capacity
Raidersyeahthatsright::People like this guy make NBA fans look bad for being so ignorant of the game they are supposedly fanatical for. Dipshhit.
jaime_0056@yahoo.com::BOY go SPURS go. We have always prevailed under any pressure. Last year was just a warm-up. We have more weapons in our arsenal than never before. JUst watch and learn. Only challenge is the Thunder who aren't ready.
pimpn5707::This season is very tough on all of the teams. Spurs had just played against Dallas, and I expected a little bit of rust. A win is a win. Go Spurs Go!!!
Parps21::You meant to say NO SPURS NO!!!  The spurs are ugly, just like me.
Qster15::pretty sad game for he Spurs... barely beat the d-league Hornets.
Frantismo::Mmm, are you being sarcastic? If you are then that's a good one, if not.... Well I guess it's still a little funny. The Spurs were without Manu, without Splitter, and without Neal, guys that play at least 30 minutes a game! The hornets were also pretty damn depleted but the Spurs were also.
LSD_hookem::I don't hate the spurs but want my thunder to win when they matchup. To all of the spurs trolls who ridiculed the thunder for the game with Min- we are laughing at you now.
Raidersyeahthatsright::Laughing at the Spurs winning? On the road? With 3 players out? On a back to back? To the team that just slammed the Clippers? Hilarious.
Rudy_rush20::Hahahaha........ why we laughing?
9-11 Lies::This is why I can't count spurs to win a seven game series against mavs. Spurs are so fragile.
Raidersyeahthatsright::Mavs looked pretty fragile in SA, getting punked by 17 and outrebounded by 20.
angelocody::The only player who has been hurt is Manu. Splitter has been banged up and thats about it. Manu didn't play last night just because Pop chose not to play him. I imagine Duncan and Parker both don't play tonight.
I Love My Own Status::If the Mavs can get past the first round.
diditravel::this dude can ball it up!!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z9xvIH247fk
Rudy_rush20::Spurs are awesome
diditravel::this dude can ball it up!!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z9xvIH247fk
nahbb::nba fantasy draft all players are eligible where would u guys put kobe?   this site had him 14th seems to low tho... http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/
Macb123::Will you please give blair the ball more
Spurs1234567891011::Blair is incredibly inconsistent, so no.
.jeebus...::died
coachbadlee::What happened to Chris Kaman?
.jeebus...::died
Sollam4456::tim duncan still playing?
.jeebus...::died
DurantisbetterthanLeBron::Thanks goodness I didn't pick Ginobili on my fantasy basketball team tonight! http://www.fansaloon.com/index.php?s=nba&amp;ref=espn
.jeebus...::died
Txboy12345::Bulls just won their 40th game, I really believe they are better without Rose.
.jeebus...::died
Txboy12345::The ESPN story line says Duncan, Spurs slip by Short Handed Hornets. I do recall the Spurs being short 3 players also...
Raphael Hythloday::The Hornets are always short handed. What's news about that?
Vaquero In The House::Typical ESPN $@%!!
chernandez78::$@%! couldnt make one fckng free throw! had them -3.5
kennyx4::Love my Spurs!!  Don't understand why this victory was so close.
Raidersyeahthatsright::Because they could win with 70%  effort against this team.
Big L11::Maybe Monty is a good coach
Dano078::Maybe because there was no Ginobli, Splitter or Neal for this game
Vaquero In The House::That win over the Mavericks took a lot.
pako1008::fking dany green fkuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
mespin018::GO SPURS!!!
Moses1045::Boy, that was the second ugliest game I've seen the Spurs play since Game 5 of the '99 Finals. lol Oh well, I'll take the win.
Julian_h_Lyon::Championship teams can pull out gritty wins by making plays down the stretch. Good to see the Spurs do it.
1719719719::To be honest it's more to do with the Hornets not making the plays and bad coaching decisions down the stretch by the Hornets.
Vaquero In The House::"If" my aunt had balls she would have been my uncle!
machine260292::what a great effort by the spurs
popsthebest::Horns play hard every nite just need  a little help offensive. Respect there effort
Vaquero In The House::Respect their effort?  The Spurs play hard every night too, yet they never receive the respect they rightfully deserve.  They beat the defending champions Dallas Mavericks last night &amp; ESPN puts out a story on Lamar Odom having a bad year, blah, blah, blah, like I really give a rats @zz about the man!  Just look at how long this article is about the win tonight, I believe the comments I've written here are longer than the actual article.  Go Spurs Go....
manoocena::you mean Mr. Kardashian?
DeanGibbz::where is patty mills jeez...
ImOldschool1964::Props to ike, he's a class act fan--always enjoy reading his posts.
smmshad::I would have been on too but was nowhere near my comp during the game
PacmanJulatonDonaire::Crap Dallas beat Rockets
ImOldschool1964::GO ROCKETS!
PacmanJulatonDonaire::GO ROCKETS! LOL
anonymous_sports_watcher__::dude it's in OT
Nonchalant Ag::False that game just went into OT.
ImOldschool1964::No biggie, we dont fear the MAVS, they're an incredible joke
PacmanJulatonDonaire::true
PacmanJulatonDonaire::Blair for MVP! lol
smmshad::Sad loss for the Hornets :( we should of had that
23germany::what an ugly game, finish. are there people in the stands actually PAYING MONEY to see reg season games in this BS season ??
PacmanJulatonDonaire::Spurs 100 and 76ers 80 tomorrow and all Timy is resting with Manu and Tony leading the GO SPURS GO!
pat123739::daniel green can't make 1 out of 2 free throws, what a freaking Chookee artist!
chernandez78::$@%! the spurs, couldnt cover a lousy4.5
PacmanJulatonDonaire::GO SPURS GO
ImOldschool1964::Quit your $@%!$.ing, Spurs won
pat123739::And!
Spurs1234567891011::He made the go ahead shot that won the game...
Spursdc::The game is over and some ppl are still screaming at green. lol. Late stream
1719719719::It's not easy being Green =/
anonymous_sports_watcher__::haha
anonymous_sports_watcher__::watch Pop rest the starters tomorrow wouldnt be surprised
Dano078::If the game was going to be televised nationally Pop would sit the starters like he did for the Portland game that was on NBA TV
Spurs1234567891011::Patty isn't a vet.
Spurs1234567891011::To be honest, it really doesn't matter. The Spurs will make the playoffs and as long as they are a high seed, I will be happy. It also gives the new guys some time to play. The Spurs are rumored to be signing Patty Mills, but Justin Dentmon seems much better. Dentmon drew two charges and had some great court vision throughout the game.
popsthebest::Party is a vet who can score.are u kidding
1719719719::Well with Manu back they have two good ball handlers that know the system. The huge loss to Portland showed how important that was because with Parker out they became a jump shooting team. Maybe that's why they sat Manu, as long as Ginobili or Parker are in the game they can get penetration and ball movement that opens up the game for them.
anonymous_sports_watcher__::i agree. as long as we go in healthy I'll be happy
1719719719::He will probably see how the game goes and then decide.
ImOldschool1964::Another win on the Spurs road to the NBA Finals
erick21093::O well Lakers gonna have to sweep the Spurs in the series for any shot at 2nd seed
PacmanJulatonDonaire::right
PacmanJulatonDonaire::HAHAHA
scopiefun21::What the fuckk happened to FTs at the end? No one scored in the last minute?!?
PacmanJulatonDonaire::GO SPURS GO!
Joshua-Jensen::A WIN IS A WIN
JP197904::Tied up
hobson1313::We won, but Spurs will get hammered tomorrow night.
ImOldschool1964::Ike, good game my man
gt1master_ike::Yea, same to your spurs.
bigmancsg97::wow Green you dumb fukkk
pako1008::fking greeen
hoodooslab::$@%!$ dumb $@%!!!!
gt1master_ike::Oh well good game spurs.
degenerategambler23::dam spurs cant cover -4.5 is pathetic
ImOldschool1964::Spurs dominate again
1719719719::Wins a win
erick21093::nopeee lol
