TigerMichLion111::SHARE YOUR TRADE http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=agsku3x
Vincentb1010::http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine  It works...Wont happen...but it works.
TigerMichLion111::.
Nineduce12::That awkward moment when ORL cant win a game even if their life depended on it..
Devinhuelsmann::Brandon Knight is that guy 12-16 is freaking incredible
nonononono307::He will NEVER be a true point guard. If the Pistons were to land a playmaker at the point through the draft, theyd easily be playoff bound next season. FIRE FRANK!!
TigerFan4LifeMP::Drummond only 16 minutes... Frank needs to go
apr1989::as a magic fan i have to say they are doing exactly what they need to be doing right now. playing tough but losing so we up our draft status. like the team a lot tho
cincirox73::Been using this betting system called Sportsbettingstar. Im making around $3000 a month profits following its bets. You can find the system on the 1st page of Google by searching for sports betting systems. If you bet on sports at all you gotta check this out.
bamberg1977::Crazy that Rodney Stuckey is almost 2 yrs younger than JJ Redick. Feels like Stuckey's been in league 5 years longer. He's lost the will to play this year. Too bad if we're going to trade him during his worst year ever at his stocks all-time low
nonononono307::No, they HAVEN'T been trying to trade him, and he was NOT terrible last season. He had a monster stretch where his assist/turnover ratio was like 8:1. The problem with Stuckey is that the Pistons drafted ANOTHER combo guard in Brandon Knight- then expected a subpar coach to know what to do with this roster. The problem is and will always be Larry Frank. If the Pistons had hired lets say....Rick Adelman or even Mike Woodson, they would probably be the 7th or 8th seed right NOW. Frank has the second coming of Ben Wallace defensively- with the ability to be Shaq-like dominant in the post in Andre Drummond RIDING THE BENCH!! Hes coaching to save his job, not with this teams maturity in mind. You have to play these guys in order for teams to gel. Fire him now and let Brian Hill tinker with the lineup and play the "youngin's". Stuckey/Knight/Daye/Monroe/Drummond with Prince-Maxiell-Bynum coming off the bench. I don't blame Stuckey at all for his actions. Flip-Kue-Frank have been nothing but a disaster. At your job, would you like it if the company hired some clown whos NEVER actually performed the tasks required to do your job, tell you how to do it?
Bballfanatic978::We have been trying to trade him forever,maybe now the pistons will finally accept what other teams are offering.
lionswingstigers003::he was terrible last year, too.  he is just an awful shooter so he is easy to guard.
OPENLYUGLY::GOLLY GEE.................... another PG lighting up Nelson!
melo-2005::http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=apaqjhw
Philip3664::Would be nice but i cant see that happening either
mdizel2437::Lol I don't see that happening.
royalblue4life::What a waste of JJ's stellar game. Dang, he is having a great season, but the Magic cannot win a freaking game.
esposo::Jerebko needs to go, that roster position needs someone who could contribute, it is clear that Frank will not play him.
YaImFromCleveland::Detroit vs Orlando, oh ya.. Game of the Night for sure
All we care about is sponsorship dollars-espn::A HUGE thanks from the Pistons to Glen "Koby Bryant" Davis for attempting 22 SHOTS and only making 8.
bamberg1977::However we win or who against, I like to see the young guys as a big part of it. Tonight two 22 and under guys led us to victory along with several other very young players on rookie deals. That's impressive, and at least lately I dont think Frank gets enough credit for it. Note that while Orlando may not be great, their entire lineup is made up of vets. And BTW, JJ is 28.
phunky58::way to get drew those mins jacque u $@%!$@%!$,  have fun losin
Gabriel Night::I think he'll be okay without his mom always complaining about it here.
denn19641::Wings tied the game ... wrong board.
denn19641::Remember last year the Stones are 4-20 then 21-21 the rest of the way. They improve to 7-17 after the first 24 and 10-10 so far. 22 more games to compare.
All we care about is sponsorship dollars-espn::I dont remember what i did 2 hours ago
TheJTram::That was way too daamn close. Glad we got the W but we have got to do better on the boards. We got killed there
bamberg1977::Man, Frank just dissed Kelser hard when he asked him about Stuckey. "Lets just talk about the game" - turns head to other reporter "I like you a whole lot more than I like him"
All we care about is sponsorship dollars-espn::reporters are worthless scum
Philip3664::Hmmmm. Stuckey on the block?
Hi There_::a reporter already asked dumars before the game and he has denied it for what it's worth.
Phil21323::Orlando GM should be fired for the pathetic package he got for Howard.
All we care about is sponsorship dollars-espn::I would have traded that piece of shat for a bag of balls....but not mine!
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::You said that already......
bamberg1977::So coach Frank, why was Stuckey held out? "Stuckey sucky"
denn19641::We  are fortunate to win this game despite a 14 reb disadvantage in rebounding JJ Reddick for the most improve player this year.  I think that SG positon is terrible for the Pistons as we are being torched for the 3rd consecutive time.
NEimtiaz28::Puddy or Backdoor?
bamberg1977::Niether. Stupid foul on a 3pt shot, magic made 2, missed 3rd and had a shot to tie on 3 tip backs. Maybe 4
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Neither.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Classic trolling. Classic.
NEimtiaz28::G A Y
bronbronsdad::I think Henny has put the full tank order in to JV. This is way too many close games to lose
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.
Loyal Sports Fan::Jacque Vaughn
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::JV?
bronbronsdad::Jacque Vaughn
Hi There_::Hornets won again, the lottery positions have really changed. Wiz, cavs and Hornets on the upswing while the Magic and Charlotte are trending downwards.
Loyal Sports Fan::I don't mind. More lottery balls for the Magic.
bamberg1977::Charlotte's been trending down for about 2 months. They just had a miracle start.
Loyal Sports Fan::The same thing could be said for the Magic. They had a pretty hot start and are fading away now.
Hi There_::I mean, even Ben Gordon couldnt save them...
Hi There_::that's true, looks like all those pre-season predictions that they would be the worst team are finally coming true.
Loyal Sports Fan::To the guy who asked where was Afflalo earlier, I just read that Jacque Vaughn said Arron Afflalo had a "slight left calf strain," and that was why Afflalo sat the entire 4th quarter.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Magic fans, who should the Magic trade JJ for? Who has valuable picks?
vanillafrosty12::Keep JJ.
undergroundartmafia::we don't need to trad y'all sh!t. last time we trade y'all some players, ya won the ring, so thank u,
bamberg1977::Yes, that turned in to one of the most lopsided trades of all time. Ben Wallace owned the league defensively for next 5-6 years. He was underrated on D too, these guys nowadays who win DPOY have no where near the impact, he had so much range and blocked shots only as an afterthought to stripping guys and taking charges. Bad $@%
Detroit Everything::English motherf*cker, do you speak it?
TigerMichLion111::Trey Burke Knight SF, Andrew wiggins? Lol, GR3 Monroe Drummond  This is te lineup I want in 2 years!
TigerMichLion111::Orlando would u take maxiel and Bynum for JJ?  Or something for JJ?
denn19641::More than a decade ago, we spank JD for sending #33 to Magic for Big Ben and Chucky Atkins. That was the headline for year 2000 having T-MAC and heir apparent on board. Nobody expected Ben to lead the stones to championship and 4 straight EC Finals.
trizzo23::monroe and drumond for reddick
Philip3664::Helllllll no. Dont want him that bad
bamberg1977::We could just try to out bid for him anyway. If he wants to come, he will. He's UFA
bronbronsdad::Henny is a not a fool.
Philip3664::Give them Maxiell, Daye, and Bynum
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Hell no.
Hi There_::take 'em all!
bamberg1977::Ha. Yes, that sounds realistic
bronbronsdad::When does Detroit Pistons officially become the Wayne County Pistons??
YeahLionsRock::He means when will they move to Detroit.
Detroit Everything::I don't think there are plans to, unless somehow Dan Gilbert sells the Cavs and buys the Pistons
Detroit Everything::this doesn't make sense. They play in Auburn Hills which is oakland county.
Phil21323::So the Magic GM would have got Lopez, Brooks, Humphries and four 1st round picks and the Orlando chose this because of his ego? LMAO Orlando wont win 40 games for the next 5 years.
trizzo23::glad magic took what they did..magic got better players on better contracts younger and now the magic pick 4th overall not 20th and first rd out...thank you henninger!!!!!!!!!!!!
Loyal Sports Fan::Wow, people are still going on about this? This is like the 1,000 time I've read this. Even if it was a bad trade, why are we still discussing it? It's old news.
Lbj6-detroit-313......::<b> Deeeeeeeeeeeetroit BASKETBALLL we will take the CELTICS spot </b>
denn19641::We better get some more road wins. It's fine to lose to the top 4 teams on this conference but we need to break the remaining 4 like what we did to the Celts. We are still one prolific go to guy in the SF or GF $@%.
Loyal Sports Fan::I hope so, I hate the Celtics.
Hi There_::Good that Knight got the win on his career night in scoring.
ryan loris::who was breathing during that last scrummage?
krcooper273::Nobody that has pulse! Good win Pistons.
Detroit Everything::A month left till the deadline and we have 20 million in expiring/useless contracts to play with (Maxiell, Maggette and Bynum).   There's gotta be a reason we went for Maggette, I'm sure the bobcats weren't the only team willing to take Ben Gordon for a 1st rounder.
bamberg1977::I dont know. There's not much out there realistic.   Maybe Joe was late in the game on Harden. I thought we were in one of best positions to make a pitch for him before BG deal.
Hi There_::yes, i remember my dreams of Harden...
Hi There_::idk, what if Jordan was the only one lol
Detroit Everything::lol who knows for sure. But still 11 million dollar contract for someone you have no loyalty to is the ultimate trade piece.
chris johnson 558::where is afflalo ?
Philip3664::I forgot all about the Michigan game. Glad to see they won.
Philip3664::I like State more but i like watching both teams
TigerMichLion111::R u a Michigan fan??
bamberg1977::And Mich St. got absolutely bent over today in Indiana by refs. Good day for sorry wolverines
chris johnson 558::lets face it all the orlando magic is an unlucky team
zachcoombe::Only 3 and a half games back!
Phil21323::Orlando sure got a great team after trading Howard. lmao
vanillafrosty12::Hey, a lot better than anyone thought. The consensus was that this team would be a league worst for the next couple years. This team can put up a fight with any team in the league on any given night. They just usually don't pull out a W.
vanillafrosty12::@Loyal Sports Fan... We're in synch right now... Good work. Haha.
vanillafrosty12::Who in the world said that? Almost everyone knew he would be a prospect coming in... It was all about Afflalo. And Vucevic turned out to be a bonus.
Loyal Sports Fan::Well, it wasn't me, that's for sure...I said he would be good in a few years.
Phil21323::Orlando fans said Harkless is the stud in the trade...now people are changing their minds?
Loyal Sports Fan::Haha, jinx
vanillafrosty12::What? They got Afflalo and Vucevic................
Loyal Sports Fan::What? How about Afflalo or Vucevic?
Phil21323::Harkless was the best player Orlando got and how is he doing?
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Swing &amp; a miss!
Phil21323::got you to respond, kid
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Congrats Pistons. You have earned the 8th seed &amp; some foreign player in the draft who reminds people of a poor man's Dirk Nowitzki.
ryan loris::whom?
bamberg1977::Oh, nevermind, I thought you were talking about Magic center. Yeah, we're not taking any big guys for a long time. We're all set, thanks
bamberg1977::He shoots outside of 3 ft? He reminds me of a solid big guy, not Dirk.
chris johnson 558::don't  trade jj trade glen davis and turk for any one
Detroit Everything::lol that was the play of the game? A layup by CV?   Good win tho, does anyone know why Stuckey was inactive?
Hi There_::Dumars denied trade rumors
TheCronoMasterMind::Nelson was to intentionally miss the shot with hopes a Magic player would get the rebound. Davis had his shot blocked, but it looked like Vuc was fouled twice on the put back attempt. Oh well I guess, seems to be the story of the year. Least the series is only tied 2-2. See you guys next season Detroit and good luck on your season.
krcooper273::They refs aren't going to call a foul there...
bamberg1977::Not on the put back I saw. He leaned in, not much contact at all, just rushed it
vanillafrosty12::Story of the Magic season... They lose more games by 4 or less than any other team out there. They just can't finish. But hey, I guess I can't really complain. With the lineup they have, winning 14 games exceeded expectations...
GTCalvin81::Big Baby = Fat Black Re-Ta rd
Hi There_::The very end of that game is the perfect analogy to how these two teams seasons have been going...
DeeetroitBasketball2013::Now that we won that, we are 4 games back. What is our chances of making the playoffs now with Rondo out for the year?
