ALLforthelulz::idgaf what the Mavs record is right now. They are going to be scary in june. Once Dirk is back to his carrying the franchise self, you look at OJ Mayo who's become a stud and they got Kaman to hold the paint so Dirk isn't banging for rebounds, and with collison, its all there to make a run
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Lmao drugs have you burnt. Mavs have a run a lottery pick that's it. Anyone with a brain knows that.
jeff050578::Vote David Lee for All Star
BearJWS::Dork - Stop it with your pathetic posting on EVERY comment board.
Mizzle85::John Wall can't get back soon enough.
Christopher Emmanuel Paul::http://xat.com/NBADebateclubESPN
Rally Gorilla::Well, the Mavs really do suck.   But, don't worry, you can always have fun watching the  Cowboys and Rangers....oh, wait.....  :-)
MavsHater4ever::Mavs suck balls
Mr. Bradford::42 minutes on the floor tonight, and Kobe has ZERO assists.   38 minutes on the floor tonight, and Howard has ZERO assists.
steve83935::Why is the score box for this game golden?
Mr. Bradford::Because you have the Wizards as one of your favorite sports teams.
steve83935::Oh, cool! Now I won't have to worry about accidentally clicking on their games!
Carbon-based::Mavs suck
Mr. Bradford::We've had our backbone just return from knee surgery, have a bunch of 1 year contract guys and basically a whole new (and less talented) team.  What's your .500 excuse, Howard, Kobe, Gasol, and Metta? 3 head coaches in 1 season not enough?
---LeTs gO mAvS---::Says the lakers fan lmao. Mavs weren't expected to be top 4 team in the West this year. Lakers on the otherhand are supposed to. About to be 15-16 with 4 Superstars.   Lakers = BIG FAIL
HookemHelwig::This was all predictable and the newspeak from Cuban and Co. was laughable.  What part of letting Tyson Chandler walk was smart?......That's right nothing.  Cuban officially created the Florida Marlins of the NBA.    Feel badly for Dirk.  The team has heart and one of the best coaches around, but not enough ammo.
dbboiser::Tomorrow would be a true test for the Mavs.
-xCJx-::Damn the Mavs finally won :0
texaspride4932::This is amazing --the Mavs actually won a game.Cuban has ruined this team by getting rid  the good players the last two years.Now--you can see the result--losing--and then losing some more. No playoffs for Dallas this year.
staffbb43::you thinking barea/chandler/kidd, etc were worth the contracts they received is the reason you're an idiot fan commenting on a message board and cuban is running an NBA franchise
Mr. Bradford::Staff, I know insulting people online is a joke, but if you think that Chandler doesn't deserve the money he is making, then I might flip flop and take a couple shots toward ya. Not to mention he has one of the leagues better passers in Kidd helping him out. Those two are dominant together.
HookemHelwig::you goob.  Chandler is looking like a steal now huh......You must be a Florida Marlin fan.  What a shame for Dirk, too.
Taco with a Q::Hows Collison doing?  I havnet really watched him play this year
---LeTs gO mAvS---::Knicks are back to being the Knicks with Amare  Ny Knicks = 1 playoff win in 12 years (not even a series win)
Plz Fire Coach Rick MFFL::Amare is so cancer lol
joyhussain::Remember the Knicks fan trolling earlier? I wonder how he's feeling now
Plz Fire Coach Rick MFFL::feeling like $@%! like the last 12 years
Bettman and Fehr spoon in the moon light::^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ WORST P O R N O EVER!!!
Howard5202::Mavs -4 Blazer +8.5 SHOW ME THE MONEY!
MafiosoSpaghetti::dirk is getting better and better. dallas will still make the po's baby
MafiosoSpaghetti::for only 17 min. it was a pretty good performance!
mspc71::Good to hear, would like to see him return to form, probably my favorite current NBA player.
mspc71::Didn't watch the game, but Dirk looked good?
Howard5202::i was just one out when saying that mavs will comeback and win by 10! where are the trols who were here at the first half??
Awesome Hasaface The Retrial::Dirk's offically back ,so who's our next victim ?
Nowitzki.::Heat
Awesome Hasaface The Retrial::Payback's a @@#@
AdamFinesse::O.J. Mayo = 0 turnovers.  Good win boys.
---LeTs gO mAvS---::That's a first
dallasmavs256::Never thought I'd live to see the day
mandarae0623::+5 dude for the second half where r u
joyhussain::Undefeated in 2013
GeorgeTownDC29::GG Mavs
dallasmavs256::Totally predictable that as soon as Amar'e and Melo started playing together again the Knicks would return back to their old selves
wreckem tech101::<b>Mavs win yeah baby!!!!!  <b><u><i>MFFL</i></u></b></b>
amordan27::Carter gets hand as he leaves! cool
amordan27::lmao doesnt everybody lmao...just noticed how i wrote that
GeorgeTownDC29::he'd rather have head
GeorgeTownDC29::Bradley Beal ties his career high with another gigantic performance!
joyhussain::Well if nothing else good comes out of this season at least we got to see some vintage Vince Carter dunks
cornbalI brotha::u know ur team sucks when vince carter is balling you up
d butler16::nah Wizards will make anyones bench look like a decent starting 5
_ATM::i dont know why, but just like VC dunks so much better the BGs....
AdamFinesse::always will be better
AdamFinesse::VINCE CARTER!!!!!
jerryboy760::Dallas is a contender!!
dallasmavs256::Yeahhh. I remember the good old days when we were brilliant in the fourth quarter. I remember it like it was two years ago
Rexanilatorz::VINSANITY
wreckem tech101::hahahaha Daaauuuum
AdamFinesse::just defend the 3
cornbalI brotha::no more points!
GeorgeTownDC29::Alright Bradley Bealionare make 5 3 pointers in a row
AdamFinesse::john wall looks drunk
GeorgeTownDC29::Its new years and he is stuck watching the Wizards play
joyhussain::is he old enough to drink?
Marek7476::I wouldn't blame him.
cornbalI brotha::wizards are so good!
Awesome Hasaface The Retrial::Woah..wait a minute, these guys beat the Heat this year ?
Marek7476::yeah and with Lebron triple-double, wtf man.
AdamFinesse::that's the NBA for ya
lookitsdeco::but since we have RG3SUS and stephen da gawd strasburg im'a chill
lookitsdeco::you know if the redskins still sucked and the nationals werent awesome id burn washington down
lookitsdeco::so much for win #5
Nazidouble::Carter and dirk back in action
AdamFinesse::double digits for Dirk! he's on his way back!
mandarae0623::byebey under
Marek7476::damn Wiz tried so hard
z316man::Vince is gonna be hurting when he wakes up tomorrow :P
