nicksdaboss44::Now there the pelicans
Joe Raygor::ESPN has updated the New Orleans logo heh
b0redatw0rk::Time to blow it up and start over Cubes.  Trade Dirk while you can still get something for him.  You're not doing him any favors keeping him on this island of misfit toys.
North Dallas Sooner::well, missing the playoffs stinks.  But, I'll tell you all this.  This is a franchise that carries itself in a way that all fans should want to support.  I'm really proud of the Mavs, stand for them, and, while the playoffs were missed, appreciate the effort that took them from 13-23 to 41-41.  Let's Go Mavs!!!
This-is-easy::BS! BS! BS!  This season sucked and the Mavs management should be embarassed for messing over Dirk like they did.
Nate_James658725::The game is afoot:  http://tinyurl.com/free-nba-challenge4
greenbunnies28::Although Cuban made some dumb decisions,  I have  complete faith he will do whatever he can to get this team back to the finals.
P Desenex::Love the Mavs but Cuban pretty much ruined them  for the next 5 years or so with his imbicilic "decision" not to resign Chandler. If Dirk had been with the team all year they would have been a playoff team but a weak playoff team. They may never recover from Cuban's bonehead nonmove.
kmel1309::I don't blame Cuban for not resigning Chandler. There were questions if he would be able to continue playing at the level he did in the 2010-2011 season because of how injury prone he appeared to be. He also asked for a lot of money and if Cuban gave it to him, he couldn't go after any blue-chip free agents. In hindsight it's clear that Chandler deserved all of the money that he got from New York and the Mavs did not get Deron Williams. However, at the time I don't think that it was clear that the future would take the course that it did.
P Desenex::The most exasperating thing about Cuban's "reasoning" was that he didn't want to spend the money to sign Chandler because he was trying to land a player who could make Dallas a championship team. Huh? They had just won the championship. They were a championship team. The main reason they were a championship team was the additon of Chandler. There are no ifs, ands or buts abut it.
ck675::^
rthomas_83::Yep... Cuban put all of his chips in to get Deron Williams.
viciousviper23::I highly doubt CP3 or Dwight would want to come here. They seem to be enjoying the Hollywood area. I don't want Brandon Jennings or Gordon from NO.   I can't watch another season of Dirk trying to carry the entire team. Give the man a break.
viciousviper23::My problem is, Dirk doesn't have that much time left for Gordon to pick up everything. I like him as well but his percentage scares me.   Maybe my hopes are just too high with wanting CP3.
rthomas_83::I hope Cuban goes for Gordon. He should be 100% next season. Similar to what Carlisle did for Billups, he can do for Gordon. And Gordon has wayyy more talent and explosiveness than Billups ever had.   Gordon is 24 years old. Don't let NO fans fool you with their negativity about him. He's a baller.
rthomas_83::George from NO?
rthomas_83::Gordon would actually be a great fit in Dallas IF he's healthy. He's more explosive off of the dribble than Mayo and he's a better defender.   Gordon has never played under a great coach like Carlisle and had the opportunity to learn under a superstar vet like Dirk.
viciousviper23::Dangit, I meant Gordon.
wreckem tech101::I guess we Mavs fan can go cry and discuss on what the Mavs have to do to be better next year on our Rapid reaction.
Dr. Pwnage.::Aminu has talent, but only shows up to play every other game.
Dirk Nowitzkii::See all you Mavs fans next season. Go Mavs!
joyhussain::I have a feeling Dirks gonna wake up bright and early tomorrow to get working on next season. Thats just the kind of hard worker he is
joyhussain::I dont know if he'll ever be 2011 Dirk again but I definitely see him in the All Star game again next year
wreckem tech101::Probably right, but even in Dirk Nowitzki standard he played kinda bad this year, but I agree he'll be 10x better next year.
Dirk-11XALLStar-12XAllNBA-2007RegularSeasonMVP-2011FinalsMVP::Dallas Mavericks = 2014 NBA Champs!
wreckem tech101::Catch the REAL Mavs Fans who never once asked for us to tank the season. I believe in Mark Cuban to get these guys back on top. Untill next year fellow Mavs fan and the ones that are baseball fans holla at you at the Rangers board.
whodattrackgeauxtigers::To any Hornets fan, I strongly suggest reading this incredible article. http://www.hornets247.com/2013/04/14/remembering-hornets/
whodattrackgeauxtigers::From beating Dallas in 5 and being 1 game away from the Western Conference finals to losing by 55 to Denver. From trading away the face of the franchise to winning the future of the franchise. The team stuck with us through Katrina. From cheering "WOOOH" after every CP3 bucket and assist to the Peja heads after every 3. Always and forever... Geaux Hornets.
DynastyinBigD::Mavs not in the playoffs? This is going to take some time to sink in
100speedy001::Yup
wreckem tech101::Nice way to end the season still a Mavs Fan Forever. We didn't have much power to fight with a bunch of guys on a 1 year contracts. Next year will be more stabilized and the Mavericks will be back has a top 4th team in the West, y'all can count it. MFFL
joyhussain::Dang it finally hit me just now that the Mavs season is over...
toredyvik::at least the Mavs finished at .500 - that was their goal.
This-is-easy::Cuban made it his goal when he only signed one year contract players and didn't add anyone valuable players so he created this mess of a season and I hope he gets out of it.
duke_mavs_panthers_braves_::Not really but better than having a losing record
eagles are forever ringlesss::i guess I'm weird. i like the pelican name!
duke_mavs_panthers_braves_::no playoffs after such a long time but I think they'll be back next year!!
no look high five::I don't believe it.   Cowboys go 8-8 (again) and now the Mavericks go 41-41. How unsatisfying.
eagles are forever ringlesss::both of them just a few plays away from much better records.
no look high five::Neither championship caliber though.
Him Downstairs.::ok.....  LET THE PELICAN JOKES BEGIN!
100speedy001::This pelican walked into a bar..........
no look high five::And found out that Chris Paul left a while ago. The end.
whodattrackgeauxtigers::Technically we don't become the Pelicans until 12:01 am.
sweetjackdotcomRUFF::considering Dirk missing as much as he did, and all the new pieces around him and having to adjust when he came back, .500 is actually an accomplishment considering the circumstances
tennisfanatic0123::its good that finished .500 cause if they didnt Dirk would be having a santa clause type beard before he gets back to .500 over .500 at the start of next season
Him Downstairs.::I want to FLY like a PELICAN!
Marqui6852::Nice win Mavs!!! Sad that our season ended tonight, but my mavs will be back. Go mavs next year!!!!
KobettaWorldBryant::If you were a Mavs fan, would you want to pick up Kobe in the scenario that he gets amnestied?
wreckem tech101::Nope he can't win by himself and with Dirk it won't work.
whodattrackgeauxtigers::No I'd want Dirk to get those shots Kobe would take. And they need some D. Kobe is a - on d
LetsGoMavs-::I hate former lakers but if it would be 1 player, I'd go with Kobe. Dirk and Kobe was supposed to happen in 07 if not for Gasol trade
lord of the flame2::this is just a weird feeling no playoffs for mavs
100speedy001::Not a weird feeling for us hornets/ pelican fans....
100speedy001::GEAUX SAINTS !!!   WHO DAT !!!
HurricaneHamlin::Neaux.
mojart::NEW ORLEANS PELICANS here we go.......
tennisfanatic0123::.500 is pretty good considering the season
whodattrackgeauxtigers::New Orleans fans, Welcome to the future.
lord of the flame2::sad day for mavs fans
yaczapped::damn.. no playoffs lookin forward to the moves next year MFFL lets gooooo
KobettaWorldBryant::good thing the Mavs didn't make the playoffs. Never gonna forget how yall swept us. Better luck next year though!
MTorres727@gmail.com::Disappointing season but i'm proud that this team fought.Atleast we don't have a losing record MFFL!!!
100speedy001::Gordon is a cancer. Get rid of him. Take what they can get and move forward.
LetsGoMavs-::Goodbye fellow Mavs fans
Him Downstairs.::AND GOD SAID!   LET THERE BE PELICANS!
joyhussain::Well, see yall next year
LetsGoMavs-::Going to be weird seeing the playoffs without the Mavs
Abner7716::nice win mavs! Hope we will win this next season!
NolaJag::For one last time ever, Go hornets!
100speedy001::No French fries for Mavs fans.
LetsGoMavs-::NEXT YEAR WE WILL COMPETE FOR A NBA CHAMPIONSHIP  GO MAVS!!!!!
mojart::mavs want EG10?
Eg214::Whos that?
LetsGoMavs-::you Hornet fans making it sound like Pelicans are a completely new franchise lol
hoopsfreak91::I ain't a Hornets fan, buddy.
LetsGoMavs-::lol ok
