MexiStache69::I just like to come on here and see how many clipper bandwagon fans there are. Lol i look at people who have clippers fan or some crap like that and see they just became members on here. Loser, was it too embarrassing to make that when they sucked for god knows how long lol
Not ur Ave Commentator::now onto OKC, it'll be an awesome game for sure, cant wait to see how my Clips handle this game, 2nd place is within reach.
LEJOKE-DICK-RIDERS-::How sad it that clippers. Last time they was at Cavs home was 2002 bahhhhhh what a joke
KevinJohnsonThaTruth::2002.... Wow. It's even crazy to that it was over a decade ago.... Sheesh.
State Farm Agent Cliff Paul::Great game Chris! Proud of you
Clipper Ian::Glad to get the win and have a chance at the two seed on Sunday. That said, you Cavs fans have a TON of reasons to be optimistic as early as next season. Cap space galore, draft picks, and KYRIE IRVING? Fuggetaboutit. I predict 40-plus wins next year, eastern playof contender just as Miami has to break up their core in 2014-15. My question to you Cleveland fans: do you make a play to bring back LeBron at that point? I mean, "The Decision" nonsense aside, can you imagine Irving and LeBron on the same team? Scary.
71Minnesota::Since the regular season is nearly end.....I would not think Number 1 or higher seed would matter...It's would be nice to have home court adv. but I rather have healthy players when go into playoff.... It's had proven that for the last 2 seasons in NBA. 1/ 2011 Spurs was upset by the Memphis in first round when Manu Ginobili went down. 2/ Bulls was upset last year when Derrick Rose went down.....  I think LA Clippers coaches have done great job for take care of their players than other in the league this year !!!! If we notice that Clippers don't rush any of their players at all if they are not healthy to play from CP3, Blake, Odom and go on and on...Clippers would be the healthiest team when the playoff start on my observation !!!!
dirlarsdkdde::OH YEAH!! Motha fukkkkking insider IN Da HOUSE BRO  We got the spread, the conversation, the gamin' action and DAT FAT BOOTY SMILE YO!! Even DA Mormon Prophet Monson be jiving up this bittttcch  Don't be jewwwed out of your hard earned dolla!
dirlarsdkdde::OH YEAH!! Motha fukkkkking insider IN Da HOUSE BRO  We got the spread, the conversation, the gamin' action and DAT FAT BOOTY SMILE YO!! Even DA Mormon Prophet Monson be jiving up this bittttcch  Don't be jewwwed out of your hard earned dolla!! Vegas Insider DOT com! DAMN!!! WE JUST DAT DAMN GOOD!!!!
dirlarsdkdde::OH YEAH!! Motha fukkkkking insider IN Da HOUSE BRO!   Whether you be sly jammin' up some FAT booty beats or just kikkkin' it on the down low, we've got yo back :) We got the spread, the conversation, the gamin' action and DAT FAT BOOTY SMILE YO!! Even DA Mormon Prophet Monson be jiving up this bittttcch  Don't be jewwwed out of your hard earned dolla!! Vegas Insider DOT com! DAMN!!! WE JUST DAT DAMN GOOD!!!!
dirlarsdkdde::OH YEAH!! Motha fukkkkking insider IN Da HOUSE BRO!   Whether you be sly jammin' up some FAT booty beats or just kikkkin' it on the down low, we've got yo back :) Vegas Insider! DAMN!! ! We got the spread, the conversation, the gamin' action and DAT FAT BOOTY SMILE YO!! Even DA Mormon Prophet Monson be jiving up this bittttcch  Don't be jewwwed out of your hard earned dolla!! Vegas Insider DOT com! DAMN!!! WE JUST DAT DAMN GOOD!!!!
dirlarsdkdde::OH YEAH!! Motha fukkkkking insider IN Da HOUSE BRO!   Whether you be sly jammin' up some FAT booty beats or just kikkkin' it on the down low, we've got yo back :) Vegas Insider! DAMN!! That's some motha fuckkkking playa swift nigggga jive wit da playlist ESQ BITTTCHES!! We got the spread, the conversation, the gamin' action and DAT FAT BOOTY SMILE YO!! Even DA Mormon Prophet Monson be jiving up this bittttcch  Don't be jewwwed out of your hard earned dolla!! Vegas Insider DOT com! DAMN!!! WE JUST DAT DAMN GOOD!!!!
dirlarsdkdde::OH YEAH!! Motha fukkkkking insider IN Da HOUSE BRO Whether you be sly jammin' up some FAT booty beats or just kikkkin' it on the down low, we've got yo back :) That's some motha fuckkkking playa swift nigggga jive wit da playlist ESQ BITTTCHES!! We got the spread, the conversation, the gamin' action and DAT FAT BOOTY SMILE YO!! Even DA Mormon Prophet Monson be jiving up this bittttcch so was da DF YO!! Don't be jewwwed out of your hard earned dolla!! Vegas Insider DOT com! DAMN!!! WE JUST DAT DAMN GOOD!!!!
dirlarsdkdde::sdfgsdfg
dirlarsdkdde::OH YEAH!! Motha fukkkkking insider IN Da HOUSE BRO! For all y'all gamblin' motha fuckkccin action, it's That's some motha fuckkkking playa swift nigggga jive wit da playlist ESQ BITTTCHES!! We got the spread, the conversation, the gamin' action and DAT FAT BOOTY SMILE YO!! Even DA Mormon Prophet Monson be jiving up this bittttcch so was da DF YO!! Don't be jewwwed out of your hard earned dolla!! Vegas Insider DOT com! DAMN!!! WE JUST DAT DAMN GOOD!!!!
dirlarsdkdde::OH YEAH!! Motha fukkkkking insider IN Da HOUSE BRO! For all y'all gamblin' motha fuckkccin action, it's vegas insider rocking the vote, niggggga! Whether you be sly jammin' up some FAT booty beats or just kikkkin' it on the down low, we've got yo back :) Vegas Insider! DAMN!! That's some motha fuckkkking playa swift nigggga jive wit da playlist ESQ BITTTCHES!!
dirlarsdkdde::OH YEAH!! Motha fukkkkking insider IN Da HOUSE BRO! For all y'all gamblin' motha fuckkccin action, it's vegas insider rocking the vote, niggggga! Whether you be sly jammin' up some FAT booty beats or just kikkkin' it on the down low, we've got yo back :) Vegas Insider! DAMN!! That's some motha fuckkkking playa swift nigggga jive wit da playlist ESQ BITTTCHES!! We got the spread, the conversation, the gamin' action and DAT FAT BOOTY SMILE YO!! Even DA Mormon Prophet Monson be jiving up this bittttcch so was da DF YO!! Don't be jewwwed out of your hard earned dolla!! Vegas Insider DOT com! DAMN!!! WE JUST DAT DAMN GOOD!!!!
veagasinsider::OH YEAH!! Motha fukkkkking insider IN Da HOUSE BRO! For all y'all gamblin' motha fuckkccin action, it's vegas insider rocking the vote, niggggga! Whether you be sly jammin' up some FAT booty beats or just kikkkin' it on the down low, we've got yo back :) Vegas Insider! DAMN!! That's some motha fuckkkking playa swift nigggga jive wit da playlist ESQ BITTTCHES!! We got the spread, the conversation, the gamin' action and DAT FAT BOOTY SMILE YO!! Even DA Mormon Prophet Monson be jiving up this bittttcch so was da DF YO!! Don't be jewwwed out of your hard earned dolla!! Vegas Insider DOT com! DAMN!!! WE JUST DAT DAMN GOOD!!!!
Ontario925::The Clippers didn't play the real good Cavaliers team without beast Kyrie Irving. That is at least 20 points more in the game for the Cavaliers when Irving is playing.
ricky2213::I dont get why Crawford has been around so much. Every time i see the guy play he is a beast...Is he very streaky?
Antsea91::extremely streaky plus allergic to playing defense
Cleeepers::This season he has his best DRtg in 10 years.
ricky2213::Even though we lost, im really happy with how Waiters has played with Irving out..He has improved a lot over the year and he is top 3 rookies this year behind Lillard and close with Beal..Glad to see he drives to the hoop and doesnt take crazy 3s like he was...
Cleeepers::Good future there in Cleveland.
Dachargers21::With  OKC losing to Denver tonight and the Clips won today that means the Clippers are just 1 game away from having the #2 Seed which i wish we have! This game Sunday OKC Vs LAC is going to be a HUGE game! If the Clips win this Sunday they will be the #2 seed! I hope the Clippers get the win!
Dachargers21::Also with Tony Parker being Hurt maybe the spurs can lose some games Greg Popovich said its a really bad Sprain that means Parker maybe out 2-3 weeks!  If the Clips get the #1 seed or 2 Seed they will be in the WCF
WareTheTDsAt::Gotta admit that the cavs had me worried for a large part of the game... glad the clip clamped down on D and hit some big shots... good game cavs...
TheBrownestBob::BTW, I'm sold on Otto Porter Jr being the best fit for this team.   I'm sorry for putting that kid down at all.  I have no doubt that he's exactly what this team needs.
ricky2213::Im in ignorant as i didnt know who the kid was until about a week or so ago..
combatmedicturnedchiro::Otto should go #1
TheBrownestBob::He won't, though.  He doesn't exactly have great handles for a wing and that could take a few years to develop.  He's also not a player that will likely ever command a max contract.  Teams don't typically take those types of players #1.  But if the Cavs get the #1 pick, I'd still take him or trade down a few spots.
TheBrownestBob::Thompson and Waiters had good games.  That's all I care about.  It's a win in my eyes.  Go Cavs!
treddy::Wow.. nice video ESPN. How about 1 single clip of a Cav making a shot? WTF? Nice bias. LAC 105, CLE 0. Hate the big city coverage...
bkrotzer24::Why the hell would they show a team that got beat by 16 making a shot? Dumb.
tuala46::Good game Cavs...it's too bad Kyrie was out he is already a top 5 PG, you guys have a bright future
YogaBeer::Good game to the clippers.  Our Young blood of the Cavs just don't have the experience, especially w/o Kyrie to match up against a team as good as the Clips on a grudge match.  Maybe next year.
Yata-garasu::In regard to the officiating...  The NBA is usually bad.  I really couldn't complain...  Only time I was upset was the no call on the Waiters dunk attempt.  Clear foul to the chest of Waiters...  We just don't have the depth and although our bench was able to score well, the starters aren't there(Varejao/Irving).
WareTheTDsAt::im a clips fan and yea definitely thought it was a foul... but the officiating wasnt all that bad always gonna be calls going for and against both teams
Hey hey hey lets go tribe::Unless its the heat, then all the bad calls are gonna be against the team they're playing
People Gettin Mad The Red Wings Aint Goin Away::man I want Clippers vs Lakers in 1st round
AshleighRose82::Wouldn't happen til the WCF. Clips are a lock for 3 seed and Lakers are 8 at best. If stands, Clips would have to get through Warriors at 6 (who they've played pooly against all year). Then winner of OKC/HOU and Lakers would have to get past SA and Memphis/Nuggets. If it came down to the battle of LA tho that would be way more than epic.
sly86921::How are the clippers a lol at the 3 seed? If they win Sunday they r the 2 seed?
Cleeepers::Clips are 3-0 and beat them down on their own floor by 25 just a couple of weeks ago in the middle of their "resurgence".  No sweat.
YogaBeer::Yata, I agree, but I can also see the exact opposite as being true.   If both LA teams were in the WCF, Getting swept by their arena sharing mates, the Lakers would NEVER hear the end of it and may just spiral out of control to a bottom feeder team for a decade or two.
Yata-garasu::If LA makes it to the WCF the Clippers will be in trouble....  The last thing you want is for that team to figure it out....  I doubt it will happen but you never know.
Yata-garasu::Great game Clippers!  I turned the TV off after that banked 3 by Crawford.....  You guys crushed us in the paint...  Zeller is just so weak...  He will get better though as he gains weight.  Nice job by Thompson and Waiters!  We looked lost out there without Waiters or Irving...  Just when we try to cut into the lead you guys pushed it up....  That is why we need Irving.  He makes big shots and shots with the clock running down...  Good luck this year!  Your team is a legitimate contender with that GREAT bench....  Hopefully Irving is back against the Knicks and we can take them down...  GO CAVS!!!
YogaBeer::Tristan went toe to toe with Griffin tonight.    Griffin had all the pretty points while Tristan went about his blue collar ways.     Same points/rebounds.      He's come along way and in my book, by far, the most improved Cav this year.
LA Clipp Joint::nice back to back .... gotta bring that fire on Sunday
navyctr312::Clippers were way more ready to play than the Cavs. Maybe all the hype about CP3 being in town...Maybe Kyrie will show up next time and Cavs play better. one can hope
YogaBeer::Kyrie showed up.     Byron Scott wouldn't allow it.
JohnsonnnL::I don't like the Lakers but I hope they make the playoffs so the Cavs get that draft pick.
StompOnCeltchikFan::Damn no win since 2002! I was not aware of that.
1899ClevelandSpiders::Gold star for you, give yourself a pat on the back!
Soonerhopeful1::I was aware,, and why I pregame suggested, that all the odds were with Clippers to win this game, and break the streak..!    It was a no brainer.
Soonerhopeful1::this is a game board, to discuss the game, and have the game experience.. Not to trash talk or demean others...!         That is unless your a Lakers fan, who hates the success of Clippers... That is common.
Soonerhopeful1::League leading season  winning streak of 17...  But Lakers fans don't respect winning streaks...? oops they brag about theirs all the time.
trollvtroll6::season starts tomorrow...
Soonerhopeful1::What success a Lakers fan asks....We have the success of leading the division and causing Lakers fans to be so angry they seek out  Clippers on Clippers game boards to troll and trash talk them....    We Clippers know that Lakers fans are totally happy with their Banners and rings, and could care less about having a losing record, and behind Clippers in division, and down 3-0 in the series... Who cares about wins say Lakers fans, we have banners to keep us warm and rings of bling bling to ease our vanity...     We believe you, and you're not angry about team being a Loser.. and the moon is cheese.
Soonerhopeful1::Soonerhopeful1 - What success a Lakers fan asks....We have the success of leading the division and causing Lakers fans to be so angry they seek out  Clippers on Clippers game boards to troll and trash talk them....    We Clippers know that Lakers fans are totally happy with their Banners and rings, and could care less about having a losing record, and behind Clippers in division, and down 3-0 in the series... Who cares about wins say Lakers fans, we have banners to keep us warm and rings of bling bling to ease our vanity...     We believe you, and you're not angry about team being a Loser.. and the moon is cheese.
StompOnCeltchikFan::What success ? REG season wins ? Success is winning titles. Get there first before pumping out your chest
DakWolves2::I'm sorry but championship caliber teams don't lose 11 years on the road to the Cavaliers...
Soonerhopeful1::I hope Dakwolves is not a Cav's fan,,,  that is disgusting... His title would suggest a trolling   TWolves fan...Guess they are going a little crazy in minny.
LA_dominates::Did Dakwolves really make this comment?
Soonerhopeful1::Mr.  Dakwolves;.....  You're actually suggesting that your post has merit and truth...? right.... If that is true..Put me down for 1 dollar for Clippers  winning championship title... which you give me a million to one odds... Since it  " can't happen".. it's a free dollar for you.... So either give me million to one, or admit you lied.     A team can lose 20 years to some one, and still win a title...Duh...Especially if you draft Griffin, and acquire CP3..  Are you claiming to be a Cav's fan, and making them really look this bad...?
smokeysaj::Why do you even bother making such a stupid comment, this Clippers team isn't the same one that was playing for the past 11 seasons.
Nargash35::Anyway, good game Clippers fans. See you Monday Cavs fans..!!
liveperl::Good win Clips. Get ready for Sunday.
HunterF4444::Clippers fanbase is pathetic. If Cavs were 43-18 this board would have close to 5000 comments and people would still be talking about the game. I dont get why LA needs 2 teams.
MrBobbyBoucher9::Played a crappy Cavs team. Not much to talk about.
Soonerhopeful1::Cav's  are a decent team..  They are just inexperienced, young and inconsistent.  But with work, they will be good, and even scary, when every one is healthy.
YogaBeer::Then why can't your Clips do better than .500 with this so called crappy Cavs team?    Especially with it's star out?
Soonerhopeful1::Let me answer mr. Hunterf4444:   Clippers fans are not as vain and immature as other fans... What you suggest that Clippers fans should do, is what adolescent fans would do... We Clippers fans are not interested in degrading Cav's or belittling any one, including you... So don't make Cav's fans look bad, your mommy doesn't know what you're doing.
Nargash35::Stop it. Clippers has great fanbase. Maybe you didn't see the true Clippers fans on the board today..!!
Soonerhopeful1::Nargash.... can you be honest...?   you don't know me, do you..?. Are you honest enough to admit this simple truth...?   I bet not..!
Soonerhopeful1::I'm not mad,, I am disgusted that you bring down the Good Cav's fans with your homeristic trolling and lying.... You do not know me,,,  But I read you, and your words speak for you... Troll and Liar.
Soonerhopeful1::That's not what you said,, since you cannot answer my question... that makes you a troll and a liar...        Let me repeat... Mr. nargash35;.   is a Troll and a liar.. and Cleveland fans deserve better,,, You're a disgrace to all Cav's fans....!! I hope you can comprehend this...!
Nargash35::Why you got mad when I said some of Clippers fans including you were never Clippers fans before 2010? It's the truth because Clippers were the worst franchise in all of sports and I find it hard for you to ignore your neighbor success and support the Clippers. Just don't believe it. If you are getting mad on ESPN boards because of comments like this then sorry maybe this isn't the right place for you..!!
HunterF4444::4 TO in 8 minutes. Yep, that's Luke Walton.
Booty_Loaf::everyone was turning it over tonite
JimmyBova23::Byron Scott needs to play CJ Miles more. 5 for 10 with three 3's in 15 minutes. Same guy who insists on playing Luke Walton.. Bad decisions.
YogaBeer::CJ MIles had a good game tonight.   He bust his dupa.    However, he's very streaky at best.     Defense is an option to him.    And the biggest issue I have for him is settling for the long jump shots WAY too early in the count.    Luke Walton does none of that stuff.  Luke Walton, slow as Victor Martinez, not very talented at all, however he knows the offense/defense is positioned correctly more than 90% of the time, helps to direct traffic, owns his shortcomings and in short, the young players love him.   He IS the glue on the 2nd team.
29nreddy::When Kyrie comes back, Dion and him will be in the backcourt which means miles will play on the second team.Miles cannot play the 3 position like Luke Walton, but Luke and Miles get same minutes because they are on the second unit.Id take dion waiters over miles anyday. You can't have 3 guards in the game at the same time and miles doesnt have much versatility, and his defense is below par to say the least.
CC___2013::Who the hell is C.J. Miles. This is what i mean.
Booty_Loaf::......
Booty_Loaf::luke has been good . he is the glue guy to our 2nd team, smart payer, knows his spots, good facilitator, and hustles his s.s off
Nargash35::He is JR Brick style player. Would shoot it 100 times. I don't like it..!!
1990_big_z::Hopefully it won't be long before Gilbert sells the Cavs to someone who will move the team and spare Cleveland of its misery
Soonerhopeful1::Mr. 1900 big z...;    Cleveland has always been respected pro sports town, many times they have come close to titles, and always have put forth a quality team...      This NBA team could be the team that could win it all..  So take your Cleveland hating trash talk to some teen chat room, where they appreciate trash talk and adolescent banter.. Leave the adults alone please.
iWitnessAccount::just shut up and go away you little little troll
Soonerhopeful1::Wow,,, Cleveland is a good town for the NBA...  I hope they never leave..!
1990_big_z::it's long been proven that Cleveland doesn't deserve to have ANY major league sports team, years of failure to win championships is the reason
Nargash35::Yea. Move them to Seattle..!!
1990_big_z::I like the idea of the Cavs moving to Winnipeg, which would require a sale to True North Sports (the same company that turned the NHL's Atlanta Thrashers into the new Winnipeg Jets)
Booty_Loaf::hopefully
Soonerhopeful1::Cleveland fans can take heart in this loss...!   Cleveland fans did disappoint and make unhappy many Lakers fans who were rooting for a Cleveland win....    Disappointing Lakers fans should make people happy...!
Rooneys NeXuS::Well im gone, didn't mean anything i said, just joking. Have a nice night.
CC___2013::Me and Dion have mutual friends. I graduated from Syracuse last year.   Anyway its common sense. Guys like Dion and Kyrie don't belong in Cleveland.
iWitnessAccount::Its "Dion  and I" you stupid little troll.
The Real John Madden::pics or it didn't happen
Booty_Loaf::don't feed them
Booty_Loaf::exactly
Soonerhopeful1::I'm disappointed and surprised that many Cleveland fans don't like the Clippers...  That is their choice,  I cannot say that about the Cav's..   I  am getting fond of Kyrie and Cav's play..They remind me of Clippers a couple of years ago.
MrBobbyBoucher9::Been a clipper fan since 08 went to my first game at a clips game I also hated the lakers. Seemed perfect to me. There is bandwagon fans everywhere so shut up.
Soonerhopeful1::the only one I see acting,,, is Nargash,,  who is acting like a homer idiot.
Soonerhopeful1::I'm a basket ball fan... a fan of the game.. not a rabid homer like some seem to be...  I hear your mommy calling.
Booty_Loaf::who doesn't like the clippers? im indifferent with them.
Nargash35::Stop acting like you were a Clippers fan since Bob Macaddo days. Thats why I hate some of you so called Clippers fans..!!
Soonerhopeful1::Then you're an idiot... I don't lie... as you seem to do without reason.
Rooneys NeXuS::I'm done trolling. Will come back whenever another Cleveland team screws up. I"LL BE BACK SOON.
Bill O O::You are truly clever, very original. We're all scared you'll be back.
Rooneys NeXuS::I will, no smoke around here.
Booty_Loaf::with all that smoke and all
Booty_Loaf::ya, i bet it was real hard for you to sleep in your trip to clevealnd
Bill O O::You were just so good!  How do you do it?  Please don't come back
Booty_Loaf::sleep well
CC___2013::FYI, Cleveland fans (I guess there a still few left after Lebron skipped town good for you) I went to Syracuse with Dion Waiters know a few mutual friends. He is out of there as soon as possible. He prob is has a moving company on-call.
Hey hey hey lets go tribe::He seems pretty happy here to me
Booty_Loaf::don't feed them
Nargash35::Can't wait until Dion is out of here. Cleveland sucks..!!
The Real John Madden::Is that you steve?  we had some crazy times on campus
Booty_Loaf::cant wait
