Jazmine Ortiz::there would be over 1000 comments if the heat had lost
Alan Ogg::LMAO  all the 'haters' GHOST
Alan Ogg::says the loser with a hulk hogan pic on his facebook...
Brandon Tigues::lebron an improved ft shooter..80 percent for the season so far
Eric Ross::Pacers Fans seem to have a lot more class than Bulls Fans, that's for sure.
Herb Williams::Pacers fan here. Caught the second half of the game and i just want to tip my hat to that finish! The heat are the toughest team to finish against. Hell of a game against a very under rated charlotte team. Cant wait til our first meeting of the year next week. Good luck for youlls next game and go Pacers!
Jorge Bouza::Same to you Herb, nice win in a tough arena. Hibbert's hook shot was awesome tonight and you guys killed it on the offensive boards.
Jeff Crowe::Classiest comment of the night! I look forward to seeing your team in the Eastern Conference finals!!
Leland Wong::He has a PER of over 30, still by far the best player in the NBA. He gets 26 pts in about 15 shots. That is efficient and he is no ball hog.
Paul Snurpus::Exactly right Leland, Lebron is the anti-ball hog, and his slashline of 60/48/80 is unprecedented.
Abdullah Sani::Bosh is on fire
Cory Nope::Just flaming
Keith Haemmerle::Cory Nope like all Heat fans...
Marc Alain Backer::Like a Bosh!
Leland Wong::I just heard LBJ is playing despite a bad back.
Arqenii's Fernández::Yes im watching da game!
Leland Wong::A's Fernández Good you are a Heat fan too.
Paul Snurpus::Looking forward to Miami's 10th straight win on Sunday...
Morgan Mojodajuiceman Crayton::Even if Lebron sits I say Heat by 15
Paul Snurpus::Morgan Mojodajuiceman Crayton   He'll play, should be no problems with his back.
Vladimir Tsalyuk::fool what you smoking. if james sits charlotte wins by 15+
Aaron Quincy Long::Go Bobcats!!
Matthew Earl::Good to see the Bobcats have some fans.
Al Sotowitz::A W is a W.
Keith Haemmerle::Wow...Miami struggling with another bottom feeder. They needed soft as wet toilet paper Bosh to bail them out? Of course he did it shooting 3's because he can't get it done where the real big men play. Where was Ray "sharpshooter" Allen? I'm guessing drinking Geritol and changing his Depends. Miami....your time is growing short. Wade won't finish the season, he's got booboo's on his knees...
Al Sotowitz::How come whenever anyone on the Heat makes big shots it's "bailing them out", but when anyone else in the NBA does it it is considered "clutch"?
Chad Burkheimer::Al Sotowitz Bc the Heat are the only ones who ever need bailed out. They are never consistent so when LBJ or Wade doesn't show up, which is often, someone has to bail them out.
Joey White::Chad Burkheimer "Never consistent?"  Wow you are almost as big of a troll as that troll you're married to.
Matt Cauthen::Actual headline reads: Heat nearly embarassed by Bobcats. Media covers up lazy play by Heat with Bosh's lucky 3 pointers.
Al Sotowitz::I know. When the Heat's players come through it's luck. It has nothing to do with skill or preparation.
Jorge Bouza::How much do tickets cost for Tennessee's best basketball team cost Matt, does Pat give you a discount for Lady Vol's games?
Matt Cauthen::@Jorge Bouza I don't watch NCAA basketball and I don't cheer for any Knoxville teams. I also don't support the Grizzlies. Nashville does not have an NBA team. So you are wrong on all counts.
Bryce Morgan::Jeff Ariano should just stay off these boards as well as anyone who thinks that Bosh is unable to help this team as much as he has been. Seriously, shut up if you think Bosh is bringing the team down
Julie Price::Heat gotta outscore Charlotte by 12 in this qtr at least. Don't see it happening. Pacers will add more ground on the Heat.
Allen Greene::If The Defense keep being this poor.
Luis Velazquez::Never underestimate the heat.
Jerry Leigh Travis Cabauatan::lol losing to the Bobcats. Pathetic. Miamis easy schedule is catching up with them.
Julie Price::Bobcats aren't that bad. Heat have worse losses to Boston and Philly.
Ryan J Chernin::Ur an idiot
Allen Greene::What Easy schedule? You can say the same thing about Indiana.
Matt Cauthen::LOL Heat beat the Bobcats by a point????? How impressive!!!!!! LMAO
Matthew Myers::Because the season matters so much. I mean, the Heat got beaten by crappy teams the last 3 years and good thing that meant they didn't make it to the Finals or anything!
Jorge Bouza::Lol, must be tough being from a state where your best basketball team is the Lady Vols.
Paul Snurpus::Lebron is listed as starting, as reported by the Miami Herald.
Donaven Murray::why are LeBron's rbs and assists down so far this season..
Newton StGeorges::Good question. I would attribute the decline in rpg to the back issues that he had earlier in the season(my guest) and I noticed Norris Cole & Chalmers have seem to have gained trust from the coaching staff and have been put in more positions to make plays and actually play the PG position. Also, LeBron had a few hockey assist today so better overall team ball movement may attribute to his low apg numbers.
Bryce Morgan::back issues and he is playing at least 3 minutes per game less
Rich Basa::He is playing a career low in minutes this season.
Matthew Earl::So how empty is the AAA? Did the fans show up for a Heat game this time?
Alexandro Colorado::Miami Heat will keep streaking now that Chicago Bulls are Rose less.... don't exepct a challlenge until Indiana sometime mid-December.
Laree Williams::Even if Rose was playing they still would've been streaking.
Alexandro Colorado::Laree Williams True, just would be a better team than all scrub they have been playing lately.
Laree Williams::Alexandro Colorado   Heat already beat Bulls though
Erik Anthony Bell::The Slobcats DESERVED to lose this game. They let Kemelo Walker shoot all those shots and didn't feed Big Al at all in the 4th. Bad team is bad.
Alfred Martin::If you want to point out THE REAL reason the bobcats lost.............Go from allowing 14pts in the 3rd to 38 in the 4th? WTF Bobcats.
Brendan Taylor::Kemba Walker and Al Jefferson are going to give the Heat that work today. Bobcats with the upset today!
