Kenny Lawrence::Ready to get this game started. I will be at the game supporting the Cavs.
Paa Hawkins::Nice cuz!  We'll be watching! Hopefully Deion Waiters get his shooting act together. He's starting to smell like bust!
Jerrod Kennedy::Paa Hawkins He finished strong especially on defense. He is like a foot shorter than Johnson lol and still contained him pretty well. I look for Waiters to stop making little mistakes
Gerald Carper::our team gets any deeper thier might obnly be a spot for waiters on the bench
Stephen Turner::kemba outplayed kyrie tonight
Will Schmitz::NBA Fantasy draft at 12:00am ET (11:00pm CT) tonight. It's a 16-team league, so help me out and join, please!  http://games.espn.go.com/fba/tools/join?leagueId=278823
Michael Maiorano::This game better end soon.  Bynum's friday nite bowling league starts at 10pm.  He had to miss the 2nd half of last game due to his wed nite scratch league.
A.j. Skiba::Just a sad, butthurt Sixers fan.
Prime Minister::you was on the BKN vs CAVS comment section saying the same shit.. tell us why you hurt.
Michael Maiorano::sixer fan??? im a laker fan.  Bynum has two rings thanks to Kobe..he's a total scrub
Arsenio Buck::Wow, as a UNLV fan, how does Anthony Bennett go number 1, but play only 7 minutes thus far this game with no stats. Embarrassing.
Jason Adame::Because he sucks and will never beat out a hungry Thompson.
Jerrod Kennedy::Cavs by 10. The Nets stayed close because of their offense and the Bobcats don't have as many scoring threats. I would be surprised if the Cavs give up 86
Joshua Witherspoon::Well, so much for that.
A.j. Skiba::Tristan Thompson for NBA Most Improved Player!!
Robert Mann::Lets get this 2-0
AyannaKen Hawkins::All of you morons who think Waiters is a great player, don't ever comment here again. He's a BUM! Which is why your great player, and great rookie season was benched in the 4th against the Bobcats, for Jarrett Jack. Bunch of retards who no ZERO about basketball.
Larry Faulkner::I guess this win might stymie some of the talk of tanking on charlottes behalf but I doubt it.  charlotte has made some amazingly stupid picks starting with that crap from UConn whose  name eludes me since he has been such a star in the NBA.
Max Lopez::Walker has been great... you must not watch much
Conner David Boyd::Max Lopez I'm 99.9999% sure he was being sarcastic about Kemba. lol
AyannaKen Hawkins::Once again the Cavs won't get far with Deion Waiters giving them nothing from the 2nd most important position in the NBA. He's a 4th overall bust so far. Benched in the 4th quarter. Where are all the Waiters morons at now?
Scott Bricker::how about Kyrie again shooting 40% or less... and Anthony Bennett SUCKS ... he's a Fat Slob Gangster making Millions for NO REASON!
John Osaki Jr.::The season is now here. If your still a LeBron James fan, check out James a awesome chapter in the new edition 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-time on Amazon.com
Patrick MacKinnon::Look Cleveland fans, I don't want to say I told you so after 2 games but drafting Bennett first overall was a mistake.  I love the kid I cheer all Canadian players in the NBA, but he isn't all that good.
Patrick MacKinnon::You should of gone with the more talented Zeller brother or Oladipo, since Waiters is overrated.
Westley West::Patrick MacKinnon lol go back to watching hockey. you know the only thing that Canadians are good at.
George Chip Thayer::Well contested close game by these two youn teams tonight.  The good guys didn't win it, but congrats to the much improved Cats on this home opener
Brett Reid::Cav's owner : Hey I've got a good idea, lets rehire a coach that couldn't get us an nba title forcing the best player we ever had to leave the team.
Trevor Oestreich::We didn't even have the coach when lebron left.  He woulda had a new coach, you stupid moron.
Brett Reid::your losing to the bobcats who don't even have jefferson playing, enough said
Trevor Oestreich::Brett Chopper Reid You can lose any day of the week.
Tom Taplinger::We might be winning easily with a REAL small forward.  GEE and CLARK suck !!!  Time to try Sergey !!!!  Also, Granville Waiters is a STIFF  !!!
Michael Maiorano::Andrew Bynum Joys in Life 1 Bowling  2 Video games 3. food 4. his momma 887 basketball
Dave Jake::Pretty Sure This Is The Team We Are Going To See All Year. Maybe Next Year When Lebron  Comes Back, Yeah Right. lol
Michael Maiorano::Unfortunately Bynum can't play most 2nd halfs as he has bowling leagues that start at 9pm
Prime Minister::kyrie was a better shooter last season thus far this season. he needs to be more aggressive.
Trevor Oestreich::Only 2 games.  smh.
Prime Minister::Trevor Oestreich through all pre-season... to these 2 games.. its a pattern. no?
Rodney Cooley::Watch out for Josh McRoberts & the new look Bobcats. Its going to take a while for All Jefferson to fit in but McRoberts, Bizmack and Kemba are ready
Curtis James Bliss::Bold prediction of the season... Tristan Thompson makes the All-Star team.
Zack Schooler::Given how ridiculous All Star voting is KG will probably make it regardless if he deserves it or not.
Curtis James Bliss::Zack Schooler  or Chisty Bosh.
Zack Schooler::Curtis James Bliss. True. Sometimes it doesn't matter what a player does, if he is with a team with a big enough fan base, or themselves have a big enough fan base will make the All Star team
Jeff Matthews::Bobcats beat Cleveland with Jefferson on the bench. IMAGINE THAT!!
Nick Lynch::Just realized the Zeller Bros. are playing against eachother
James Phillips::Looks like the refs are all over Charlotte tonight #trash
