clint::Cousins got a technical, I'm shocked.
Pasha::Wow Kings lost by a lot really bad game for the Kings, really need Rudy and a more depth bench. Worst game of the season. Kings will get phx because rudy comes on to the line up.
Jordon::McLemore line: 33 1/2 minutes, 1-8 shooting, 4 pts Jimmer line: 11 1/2 minutes, 4-6 shooting, 13 pts  Hate to be another obnoxious, slightly-delusional Jimmer fan, and I know the stats don't paint the entire picture of game-time action, but having not seen the game, they ARE an indicator of what's going on.   Seems every night it's the same thing (that is when Jimmer isn't a DNP).  If not McLemore, it's Thornton, if not Thornton, it's IT.  Just give the kid some minutes....or let him go already!
Pasha::Rudy wont play because Vazquez didn't get his physicals yet.
truthhunt::Yeah, Thomas got his 20 points, but also 5 fouls and 5 turnovers, and neither guard could guard.  McLemore has all the confidence in the world, but I don't know why.  Kings routinely get torched by guards.  Some teams just have good shooting nights, but bad defense causes a lot of them.
Evan D::If the kings start IT2, Rudy Gay, Cousins, Jason Thompson and Derrick Williams they would be super dangerous. Especially if their coach and teach Rudy Gay to play fundamental basketball...   They'd have everything...Great PG, Great Post player, Superb Wing-man, Solid Big's who rebound and play defense...They still have Thornton, Fredette and McleMore off the bench to shoot well and spread the floor and then they have Travis Outlaw off the bench too? Looks like a bright future if they can get it to gel. They should hire Lionel Hollins, I bet he could turn that team around in a month!!
Truth Be Told::This . guy is a typical delusional Laker fan idiot. Nobody is trading the Lakers a young star for that washed up old fart Gasol. Stop with these ridiculous rumors! Earlier in the year he suggested Gasol to Portland for Aldridge ROFL!! Speaking of washed up old farts, Kobe looks like Michael Jordan looked when he joined the Wizards LOL!!
PKM::I think Sacramento still has a better future than the Jazz.  But we never know who Stern wants to give the draft picks to but it probably would be the Kings since they have Shaq now.
Rick::Fairy Freddette can sparingly score a few points when he doesn't have to play defense or handle the ball. That chubby little cult member is so one dimensional !
Dark Knight::Jimmer scores 13 pts in 11 minutes of action.
