Leonitus_86::okc can kiss my spurs assssss!!!
Foghorn HookemHorns::To NBA "fans" that insist Spurs are low-scoring and boring.  Check the stats and watch a game. Spurs average 4th most points in the league and have a top 5 point guard and play a team game better than anyone.
Leonitus_86::I just love the fact that okc is the favorite to win the west title, when   A, they don't have any rings  B. they get owned by texas teams like Spurs, Dallas, and H town.  C. they only depend on k.d. and r.westbrook.  D. they lack bench scoring, only guy is harden, and thats it.  F. their D-fense constantly gets dunked on, and fouled out aka perkins, and ibaka!   spurs will beat the thunder in 5games in the conference finals.
montez916::It's not who takes the shots or who's taking the most, Its don't turn the ball over in crunch time! Blame Harden for his lazy inbound pass! The Spurs are always on the ball and never waste time celebrating or holding their arms up waiting for a three to drop. They attack the passing lanes and force turnovers. Defense wins games when it comes down to it
dolfan2949::Ok, I am going to be kind here mainly because most OKC fans are civil; unlike some other teams I know.  :o)  But I did say yesterday that the Spurs own the Thunder. The main reasons I see are: 1. inexperience on the part of the Thunder 2.The Spurs team play trumps any youthful talent and athleticism that the Thunder bring to the table. Westbrook is too inmature to play with Durant. So until Westbrook is either gone or he buys into the fact that Durant is the first option and plays like it, the Thunder will continue to struggle against teams like San Antonio. Just my humble opinion.  If you are simply a BB fan that was a fun game to watch because of the ups and downs and the exciting finish. As a Spurs fan I always cringe when we get such big leads against quality opponents because inevitably they let up and the other team makes a run and erases the big lead. On the plus side, the Spurs held off the Thunder and closed out the game with great defense and clutch shooting. The Spurs won this game while being shorthanded and on the road, both positive signs. Of course there are still plenty of games left but the last two wins against top teams gives hope to Spurs fans, and strikes fear into the hearts of other Western Conference teams in particular. One thing I know for sure is that there won't be any first round "miracles" by 8th seeds this year. Are you listening Memphis?  As for the other side show stuff; such as the media and ESPN "pundits" ignoring us? I could care less because all the Spurs care about is winning. Want to call us "boring" or "old"? Go right ahead because in the end then mud will be on your faces.  LOL  Now let's go take care of business in Dallas tonight.  Go Spurs Go!!
Leonitus_86::go spurs go.
Eg214::TEXAS OWNS OKC!
Leonitus_86::every night every day son.
33aggies::why did splitter only play 3 minutes, i missed the whole first half?!
dolfan2949::I think he was a little under the weather and I thought I heard he strained something
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::And it all starts with the great coaching by Pops and he's awesome coaching staff + R.C.Buford!
Ismar9921::so, spurs beat a championship favourite in their arena and couldnt even get an article. good job espn, give us something about lin instead.
Leonitus_86::yes sir well see your so called "team" (k.d. and westbrook.) which won't win since they solely depend on those two guys, wheres the bench? were are the defense players? oh you mean perkins? please, oh you mean t. sefolosha? please.   while your in fantasy land, our team has the nba's leading bench scoring, and solid defensive contributors like green,leonard,who held durant to 24pts.. etc, etc,   dream on player.
gladiator8six6::one and done does not happen often.. you don't get four titles doing that way.. but new year and a new goal to meet.. C U in the playoffs.
Westjag::What happens when you're small market bro. I'm O City for life &amp; we get media b/c of how we've progressed.. Everyone outside of SA counted SA out, even with last year's reg. season record, you'll get hate b/c of the one &amp; done. Yeah I know Manu got hurt, but just saying what's what.
Leonitus_86::what the hell do you mean one and done sucka, we got four rings "jack", your team ain't ever gonna be a champ bitchtits.
hoodwinkur::I'm so envious of the Spurs...How in the world do you guys always get such quality guys in the draft with such low picks. Khawi is a bad as$
co2k4::exactly
dolfan2949::But I thought the "experts" said the Spurs are not a threat in the West?    (wink)  It's called team play, non ego players with character, great scouting, first class front office management, and a great owner who is invisible except at Spurs games. All that equals winning consistently. But what do I or Spurs Nation know.
ImOldschool1964::yeah, he's an incredible talent.  the fo traded George Hill who was a fan fave in order to move up in the draft to snag kawhi, most of us were pretty upset but we trust rc buford and pop--well heck now we see why they made the move.  the kid is gonna do nothing but get better--imagine that.
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::Let the media and espn do their thing.....IF the Spurs were to win this year....the media and espn would be crawling ON their knees begging to interview the Spurs....but in the end the less the Spurs are mentioned the better they can concentrate on their game!
mikeknows55::the thunder isn't a threat to the spurs only the lakers can beat the spurs and the lakers cant beat the thunder its going to come down to match ups in the playoffs
dolfan2949::The Flakers can't beat the Spurs. I'm not worried about Kobme and his merry men.
SpurzWarz::No Popovich coached team would tolerate showboating. Spurs are as in Duncan's nickname, "the Big Fundamental!"
THE REAL SASHA VUYACIC::The spurs are simply boring to watch; they play basic basketball with traditional PG's and PFs; Parker isn't trying to dunk on anyone nor jack up 29 shots like westbrook.  Nor is Duncan shooting 3s.
Leonitus_86::Your okc team is boring, especially them losing in the c.finals, and not having any rings! yup sounds boring to me!
Bexindy55::Who cares?  Go play a video game if you're bored.  Whiny ADD generation.
Talentsojhin::The flashy teams are not that fun to watch...when players are air balling free throws that is embarrassing too many teams have forgotten the fundamentals and they will either have to get lucky or rely solely on athleticism which can backfire.
Zo3313::I dont see Dirk Nowitzki and the Mavs dunking on everyone and they get more pub then the Spurs. It really doesnt matter the Spurs dont get any attention because they dont seek it. They dont give good interviews to Sports Reporters and so those reporters get mad and label them Boring. Sports reporters and analyst just want their job fun and easy which is why they stick to the Guys who love and want attention
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::You're boring!^
THE REAL SASHA VUYACIC::Stop $@%!$@%! about not have Spurs highlights on sportscenter; flying under the radar is best for the spurs, not to mention if you are a true spurs fan. You would have a DVR or league pass to watch them so highlights aren't necessary.
dolfan2949::"Sasha" doesn't have a team... he is a troll without a home..   :o)
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::Are the thunder your team?
THE REAL SASHA VUYACIC::But glad you assume things; shows how mature you are.
THE REAL SASHA VUYACIC::mad? apparently " crying " is filtered
big_daddy0::lol mad
Westjag::SMH.. Actually, Westbrook was the only one ballin, he &amp; and Ibaka were the ONLY ones keeping the Thunder in it til the 4th Qtr when the other players decided to wake up..Dude took 29 shots b/c we have no backup pg, therefore he played 45 mins vs Jackson's 3. KD was harassed all game, not saying fouled, but once again what the hell do you expect Russ to do when as soon as KD gets the ball he got doubled on the ball or jacked up a 3 ?? Durant plays poorly &amp; gets praised, yet Russ kept the Thunder in it &amp; gets bashed by fans once again? Typical.
Westjag::I meant spurs screen &amp; roll offense was run to perfection, not our D
Ismar9921::you watch what since the 80`s ?  thunder ? lol
Westjag::Spurs are the best team we've played and will play this season. Miami won't close out the game the way the Spurs have. I'm more worried about Chi Town than Miami. OKC is still #1 in the West, and we won't play the Spurs again unless we meet in the Conference Finals. By that time in order to take that next step to the Finals, we better had figured something out with this screen and roll defense. At times last night it was run to perfection, at other times I just couldn't figure out why we didn't switch up our D and trap Parker coming up the court like the Heat did to Lucas III at the end of the game.
Zo3313::I watch every game also. Been since the 80's. Westbrook cant be taking more shots then Durant, You cant win like that. If this continues I guarantee you that the Thunder will not win a ring because of it. You can BOOK IT!!!  But I do agree with you that Durant has to demand the ball more. He and Coach Brooks have to tell Westbrook listen let Durant touch the ball every time on offense
Westjag::I've watched every single game this season, thank God for DVR, &amp; Russ defers to Durant all the time. KD has to demand the ball, not just from the 3 point line.. lol @ "Westbrook apologists" I don't talk nonsense, I know the game. And I'm tired of hearing the scapegoat constantly being Westbrook because of what the media blew up in last year's playoffs
Zo3313::U serious. Westbrook goes up the court and jacks up shots. with a player like KD he has to touch the ball everytime. How can you have a big time superstar player not touching the ball on offense. You Westbrook apologists dont understand that you cant win like that. If Durant shot the ball more then the Thunder would be unstoppable because teams would have to double team Durant and then Westbrook would be scoring 25 to 30 ppg with taking less shots then he is right now
THE REAL SASHA VUYACIC::Westbrook is pretending to be kobe taking 29 shots lol
Zo3313::Do you think if Pop coached Durant and Westbrook that he would let Westbrook take more shots then Durant. WOW! That is disaster written all over it for the Thunder. You can get by it in the regular season but in the playoffs its goin to get exploited
ImOldschool1964::pop would be all in westbrick's isht, just like he is constantly in tp9's
big_daddy0::spurs do the best team in the west, IN THEIR CRIB, and can barely find an article about it on BSPN.   DISGRACEFUL
Vaquero In The House::Caught the Spurs vs. Clipper game a few weeks back at the Staple Center.  Naturally after the long drive I got home &amp; turned the tube to catch the highlights.  Nothing on the Spurs win or how Tony Parker was all over the floor.  ESPN just kept showcasing Blake Griffin slam-dunking the ball &amp; talk about how Chris Paul had lost the ball.  The commentator says, "We going into overtime," more talk of the Clippers, at the end of the segment the commentator says, "And the Spurs win."  I was at the game &amp; so were a lot of other Spurs fans, I know how exciting it was to watch the Spurs go into overtime &amp; win the game.  Not to ESPN though.
Vaquero In The House::Disgraceful - Yes &amp; understandably so.  The Spurs just beat the number one seed Thunder yet their picture is not on the front pages as is often the case when the Heat or the Lakers win big games, no interview with Tim Duncan &amp; Company either, however there's an interview of Kobe Bryant talking about how sad he is of losing his buddy Erik Fisher to the Houston Rockets.  How many other players got traded or was Fisher the only one?  Do I really give a rats @ss that Fisher got traded?  No!  Do you care?  Probably not!
ImOldschool1964::How many times have you seen kawhi Leonard's dunk on Serge Ibaka?  If El BJ or Kobme did that we'd be seeing that highlight every 2 minutes.  DISGRACEFUL indeed.
denveraic::Yep, just watch ESPN, the Spurs get a big W, and ESPN will have a 15 second clip of the game. Then New York, Miami, Chicago, L.A. will have a half hour between them.
big_daddy0::thats why I should stop watching BSPN, the spurs have 4 titles with Timmy and they STILL never give him any airtime
Lerobin_::westbrook with 10 more shots than durant? some things never change
denveraic::That's what I was just looking at.
Luclongley_MVP::Another first round exit is coming for the Spurs.
dolfan2949::How about a first round exit for you bozo! Do you even know WTF you are talking  about? I doubt it with an ignorant comment like that.
Vaquero In The House::Luclongley_MVP - You must be watching Spurs reruns from last season Cowboy because last night the Thunder (number 1 seed) took a beat-down from none other than the San Antonio Spurs (number 2), most embarrassing was that the Thunder were playing at home (la casa for you Spanish speaking fans).  According to my numbers that's twice this season &amp; without Manu Ginobilli in the lineup.  Go Spurs Go!  PS:  The year is 2012.
denveraic::Which is a big concern, I admit. So far Manu has been hurt nonstop this year, didn't even play last night. Splitter has been hurt this year at one point, didn't play last night. Apparently Parker has a slight tear in his quad, so hopefully it's nothing serious. If the Spurs are healthy, I think they win the West. That's a big IF though. Beating Miami? I don't know about that.
ImOldschool1964::Another reason (Manu's frequent injuries) why the Stephen Jackson signing makes sense.  Basically, SJ can give us what Manu gives us.  SJ is not only a huge addition but he's insurance for a manu that just seems to not be able to stay healthy.
Zo3313::Last Year Manu broke his elbow which played a HUGE part in that playoff exit last year, remember when he was healthy for a playoff series they upset the Mavs in the first round 2 years ago.
denveraic::I don't think so this year tbh. The Spurs have gotten more size than they did last year. Consider this, the Spurs didn't have Tiago Splitter, Manu, or Jackson last night. And they won on the road in a hostile environment. They are looking good.
Rudy_rush20::Let me tell ya somethin sukka. Your nothin but a piece of cheese without the corners. In other words your never be a slice. B I t c h
bigshoneHk3m::Have you ever considered how great team play wins championships, while selfish basketball will only get you so far?
playinaround2::Blair, Neal, Leonard, and Green - Spurs management strikes again, and again ...
playinaround2::Thunder beaten, Jefferson out and the Spurs' players' favorite former teammate back? It's a good day for Spurs' fans.
asushooter::spurs are going to be a serious threat in the playoffs the way their bench is playing...all they have to do is keep manu timmy tony and splitter healthy
Lakers2012WorldChamps::Why did LeBron James get an automatic transmission in his Lamborghini? He’s not good with clutch.
ImOldschool1964::i think it's funny as hell, not to mention true.
earlealston::It wasn't funny on the Miami/Philly post-game board, and it's still lame here...smh
Baron Harkonnen::It would be great to see Duncan get one more before he's done ... best player of his era.
Nerissa2525::Spurs are the most underrated team!
LSD_hookem::Dang Spurs!! I would have enjoyed the show if you had been playing somebody else!  Come on Thunder- wake up!
G E O R G I A__912__D A W G S::ESPN is Bias, even the lowly knicks get more attention than the SPURS AND THUNDER combined. It's absurd.
playinaround2::old school, I'm not sure bout that. I would guess Stern is happy that the Knicks get lead press, but I bet he's also happy that smaller market teams have marketable stars. OKC is like an NBA relay station out here in flyover country, spreading the NBA brand. That is, I think Stern wants all the marbles, not just most of them.
ImOldschool1964::Like Joeschmo said, it's always about the $$-Stern would love for Durant, Duncan, Parker, Westbrook to be playing in Chicago, LA, Miami, NY...he hates that they play in  lowly market teams like OKC and SA.
Baron Harkonnen::NY media hypes NY teams ... welcome to America.
Joeschmo loves Heat::Big markets get big attention. It's that simple. Is it fair? maybe not. Is it more profitable? Yep.
MileHighFan9::So lets see the Nuggets beat the Spurs at their place with some key players missing, then they get $@%!$@ in the $@% by the Thunder at Pepsi center last night and the Spurs just destroyed the Thunder tonight. Nuggets make no sense
denveraic::I'm starting to think George Karl needs to leave town. Honestly, the Nuggets comprise some very good rosters with a lot of talent, but NEVER have any D.
playinaround2::Or, that's the sense the Nuggets make. They're a reckless, dangerous team. They can beat anyone when it works, but odds are it's not always going to work. They're like the anti-Spurs, who go with the odds to a fault and lose games they could win with just a bit more push. But when the Spurs way works - like beating the Thunder while resting Ginobili - it's a work of "Pop" art.
MadddSammyboy::I wasn't expecting us to win tonight, and I'm thrilled to have been wrong.
Ryan65710::or the idiocy of westbrook
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::Never underestimate the heart of a champion!!!!
Antsea91::I hope spurs can get the 1st seed and we can get a lakers vs spurs conf finals. The two best teams of the past decade going head to head would be sweet.
pistonfanstill::Tony Parker! The Best Point Guard in the NBA! 3 Rangs from Ships!   Floor General of the best team in the Tim Duncan Era!  Recognize whats real and whats glamour!
denveraic::I dunno, I mean Parker is making a damn good case for himself. If he did keep up the pace he has been playing at, his scoring would be up to about 23 PPG by the end of this season, and he would be right about 8 assists. I think he would get consideration. Right now it's easily Parker and Rose's world among PG's.
Vaquero In The House::Give credit where credit is due &amp; Tony Parker is playing MVP caliber basketball.  Just keep reading &amp; listening to what the sportscasters will be saying about Tony in the upcoming weeks, guaranteed he'll be mentioned with all other MVP candidates *(take it to the bank)!
ImOldschool1964::Don't count on it, remember, TP9 plays for the SPURS so his chances of getting his due are slim.
ImOldschool1964::I'll give you Derrik Rose but who is better than Parker after Rose?  CP3?  No way.
38 mer::Im a spurs homer but I think Tony is top 5 w/o a doubt. hard to say #1 though. dont forget about rondo and nash either guys.
ImOldschool1964::He's pretty damn close.
alaingruen::Best PG in the league...no way. Not even a discussion. No way, I love Parker and he's playing out of his mind, but best in the league, not even close.
Amaze76er::Thunder are just not ready to play vs the big dogs  been there done that..spurs lakers mavs in the playoffs could beat the thunder in 6games...i wana see the spurs vs the new lakers bynum has turn to a beast amd sessions just made the lakers even better in pick n pop and fast break points..
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::Weren't you talking $@%! about the Spurs a few days ago?
Leonitus_86::I have a good feeling that this year will be awesome in the playoffs!
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::Tony Parker will school all the point guards!
Michael112115::Traditional point guards are a rare bread.  Guys like Rose and Westbrook are so exciting to watch but you will never win a CHIP when your pt guards are jacking up 25+ shots a game.
ImOldschool1964::Little Stevie Nash = a "true" PG
38 mer::rondo too
alaingruen::In all of what you guys are arguing about, you don't realize, Parker is not a true PG either. True Pg's are Paul, Nash, Rubio, sure I'm forgetting someone there. But, point is, Parker is not a traditional PG. He's great at what he does though.
Vaquero In The House::And Tony Parker just kicks everyone's rear end......Go Spurs Go!
cindy_4321::westbrook played shooting guard in college so thats the main reason he isnt a conventional point guard
Michael112115::He played mostly the Point behind collison. The SG was Afflolo who was also their best player so he dominated the minutes for the 2 spot.  I think Westbrooks soph yr he was moved to the 2 a bit more often.
mespin018::Rose is a True PG, Westbrook is more of a SG who plays PG on a fast paced offensive team.
Antsea91::Rose and westbrook are nearly identical players. Look at rose's mvp stats last year and then look at westbrooks. Their both physical guards that use their speed to get to the rim.
Michael112115::True point is someone who was trained to be a pt guard their entire career. Rose is a true point. He just refused to play it in the most effective way. Steve Nash doesnt get 200 million dollar contracts does he? You get that by taking windmill layups and body twisting shots (yet very low efficiency shots).
Leonitus_86::rose is not a true point idiot, cp3 and d will are the only true pts in the league right know.
Michael112115::Rose is a true point, but not a traditional point guard. He is a "shoot first" point guard. There is no arguing that. Look at his shot attempts per game. In the paint he is an amazing finisher so his poor shooting percentage is a reflection of bad shot selection. Which further validates my point. He will take "bad shots" before he will pass the ball.
SallieManda::Yeah TJ567, there was this game that set the SEC record http://bit.ly/zcantq
ELS2005.6::Russell Westbrick doing what he does best...taking shots away from Durant.
Westjag::I'm glad Michael &amp; Wade saw what I saw, &amp; not just "Westbrook jacking up shots." If you're the superstar then get to the spot most comfortable for you and make it happen, way to many 3's. Least Westbrook was taking it to the hoop. He &amp; Parker exchanged baskets like it was Easter, he was the Thunder player playing with any passion lastnight.  People dare not say it because of creditials, but if Durant doesn't become more aggressive then Westbrook is going to become a better threat then him. I say it like I see it and Westbrook can get his shot anywhere when he wants.
Vaquero In The House::Seriously, Tony Parker is more clutch than Durant or Lebron, that's a fact Cowboys, take it to the bank!
Michael112115::I was watching this game and just didnt understand why Durant stood there along the 3 point line. Even after Westbrook took his shots durant just spotted up from the 3.   Your 6 10, go to the goddamn rim and get some quick points.
wade.all.day::Exactly.
wade.all.day::Durant doin what he does best, just standing on the 3 point line.
wade.all.day::@mespin how is Durant more clutch? One game winner and we crown him clutch for the rest of the season.
Leonitus_86::no, not at all. fail.
mespin018::He is mad that Durant is more clutch than Lebron.
Mr Calogero::Why you hating on Durant? Hate guys like you. Trying to always find faults in good players because they like other players. Shaking my damn head.
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::The Spurs have the battalion to win the chip...but need to play like this in the playoffs!
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::Tim Duncan has a great game...double double....with five block shots! Goooooooooooooooooooooooooo Timmy!!!!
Vaquero In The House::YYYYYYYeeeeeessssss!
yodaspeaks::29 shots for Westbrook eh?  Its rarely good policy to have the shortest guy on your team take the most shots.
wade.all.day::Also good to have a superstar unable to shake his defender off to get the ball
wade.all.day::Go back to the last 6 thunder loses. Where exactly was Kevin Durant in the final 2 minutes. Yet you would never know listening to the media.
Vaquero In The House::Don't know about the last 6 loses, but tonight he was on the floor &amp; got his butt handed to him by Timmy &amp; company.
wade.all.day::One game winning shot and he gets a pass for the entire season
ImOldschool1964::Westbrick = the OKC Thunder beeotch
wade.all.day::Haslem was wide open, you can't deny that lol.
mespin018::When Lebron is more open than the player he passes to, yes he is scared.
Michael112115::So when westbrook shoots his making bad decisions.  When lebron passes to the open man from a double team hes "scared"  I got one word for you buddy = TROLL
mespin018::How do you expect him to get the ball when Westbrook won't give it up. Its not like he has Lebron that gives the ball up because he is scared to make big shots.
wade.all.day::Durant has got to get the ball not stand on the 3 point line and expect to just be handed the ball
mespin018::I'm not a thunder fan. Westbrook wants to be the one to take the shot when his job is to pass the Ball to the REAL SUPERSTAR.
wade.all.day::A lot of thunder fans love to hate on Westbrook to make excuses for durant
mespin018::Well its hard to win a game when Westbrook is taking bad shots when its Durant who should be taking the shots.
Leonitus_86::duncan having a monster year compared to his last two years!
ImOldschool1964::yeah, this Duncan guy seems to be pretty good.
Vaquero In The House::Agree.....
wade.all.day::A lot of arguments for KD being MVP. Doesn't come up in the clutch, no mention. Dust it under the table, only a handful of writers saw the game.
Michael112115::Parkers going to move up in MVP rankings after this week for sure.
Vaquero In The House::Go Tony Go!  Gotta love it.....
Leonitus_86::exactly, and yet parker, has carried this team since manu's injuries, and is constantly scoring and taking over the fourth, not to mention his 20+pts a night, and 8-10+ assists a night to. best pg in the league in my opinion.
threetimechamp210::I swear everyone at Espn must be a mavs laker or lebron fan cause they really hate the spurs and never show their highlights.
Vaquero In The House::Thank God for Skip Bayless, he's the only one that keeps the Spurs in the sports news every chance he gets.
ImOldschool1964::ESPN's bias is borderline criminal. It sucks that they ignore what SA does every year.
Vaquero In The House::$@%! ESPN, if it's not Heat, Lakers or some other @ss wipe team forget about the Spurs being on the NBA coverage.
Leonitus_86::and if they show spurs highlights, its us getting dunked on, or getting shots blocked etc. nothing ever good.
Leonitus_86::just ridiculous.
mespin018::They showed more Thunder highlights than Spurs highlights tonight on SC.
threetimechamp210::Yeah I notice that too
joah5454::Westbrook...lol jacking up 29 shots when K Durant is on your team? will he ever share the ball?
threetimechamp210::If I was a thunder fan I would be pulling all my hair out watching Westbrook play
KDawg372::Same. He doesn't learn.
threetimechamp210::Stupid espn just showed leonards dunk and called him K Y Leonard. Real mature! Idiots!!!!
ImOldschool1964::yeah that beeotch Linda Cohn was laughing about that other idiot calling Kawhi KY...it's really easy to hate ESPN.  B.astards
Qzhoopin72::K Leonard looking better &amp; better!. He went to HS about a mile from where I live!
threetimechamp210::He is a Spur no doubt! Real hard nose player with a great offensive attack!
WesTexSpur::Did Leonard have a monster dunk or what? I keep hearing something about this
koolky68::good dunk but no need to diminish other players achievements
ImOldschool1964::yeah, we understand, if we were OKC fans we'd be b.utt hurt over that FACIAL too...ROFLMAO!
Leonitus_86::yeah, he took it to the "shot blocker '' and jammed it down the rim! in his face!
koolky68::why is it that everyone gives crap when something like this happens? There is a reason that he has the best shot blocking average in the NBA, he steps into a lot of shots, of course there are going to be some that get passed him. Thats a part of the game, don't be an ignorant fan.....
WesTexSpur::Ahh $@%!! Missed the game cause of work. I always miss the good games
ImOldschool1964::But unfortunately because it was the SPURS you will never see the replay on ESPN--if it was Kobe or LBJ there would be replays every 2 minutes.  Beeotches
ImOldschool1964::Dude it was beautiful, Chewbaca got a hand on it and Kawhi just slammed it down on him.  WITH AUTHORITY!
EazyZee::Yep. took it to Serge Ibaka. I love seeing the kid be aggressive like that.
Leonitus_86::yeah, he dunked on ibaka so damn hard, it made me jump out of my seat! :D
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::Let the media and espn do their thing.....IF the Spurs were to win this year....the media and espn would be crawling ON their knees begging to interview the Spurs....but in the end the less the Spurs are mentioned the better they can concentrate on their game!
Leonitus_86::so true mang, so true.
Vaquero In The House::Agree....Go Spurs Go!!
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::Danny Green sealed the game when harden inbounded the ball and Green stole it.....to keep okc from getting back into the game! The dagger in the heart!
Leonitus_86::yes sir, mr. green is the $@%!! :D
