Mania-Mar::DAMN THE SUNS HAVE PLAYED VERY WELL
OH4life::REDD IS BACK PEOPLE
Andrew-Baugh::We're coming for your spot houston :)
Omar Jenkins 3.0::Nash deserves a championship. No one deserves a championship unless they win it themselves... but Nash has stuck with Phoenix through some good years, and these last few... piles of doo doo. Seriously, he's earned something for having to see crap roll in and out of Phoenix like it was the sun itself.
ManMadeGlobalWarmingIsA_HOAX::Michael Redd is smoooooth. Always one of my favorite Buckeyes! a really great guy off the court, too...after his first big pro contract -- he bought is father a new church.
KingDanimalTheAnimalASUFan28::YEAH!!!!!!!!!!!!
basketballdiaries::Go Suns!!!
HollaIfYaHEMI::The Rockets really could have used Lowry and Martin in this game
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::One last thing before I leave this board. Sports junkies rule and news hounds suck.
Strong Troll Forventhrund::I don't get that
oinkpiggies::Go LAL.  (.... Cause Utah is an enemy right now)
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Go Jazz!
Strong Troll Forventhrund::"Lebron James has the talents of a champion, but the heart of runner-up." Charles Barkley
tennesseejam80::Barkley is Mr. Runner up!!!  He needs to look in the mirror.... better be a wide and tall mirror lol
zinkerled::Wow Kobe 2-18
zinkerled::Kobe 2-14, I'd say he's missing on purpose because he hates the suns and he fears them being in the playoffs, but Kobe puts up numbers like this fairly often.
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::Kobe has fewer rings than he would because of his selfishness. If Kobe were more of a team guy SHAQ would have stayed in L.A. and they'd have won about 3 more rings.
InfamousRickola::No body wins a championship on their own
zinkerled::Kobe's made a career of riding the best big men in the league to championships.   Nash had no center at all until Shaq.
PhxSunsOwn13::Tough four game roady coming up. Just need to find a way to win, I'll take a 3-1 road trip @ MIA-ORL-IND-CLE
zinkerled::The suns would have multiple rings if Sarver didn't sell off everyone as soon as Nash jelled with them and made them appear more talented than they actually were.  I was going to start writing a list but it's just too long.  Hang your head in shame Robert Sarver.
joah5454::Hearing people say LeBron deserves a ring the most out of all the NBA players makes me sad.  It'd be a shame if Nash retires without a championship.
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::Nash = class.  Lebron = arrogance.
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::Best case scenario would be to make the playoffs and beat the Spurs in a playoff series. The two best things that can happen in the NBA are the Suns winning a playoff series and the Spurs losing a playoff series.
PhxSunsOwn13::Hell, forget the 8th seed! Why not move up to the 6-7 seed while we can?!
joah5454::11 assists for Nash  The old man's still got it!
zinkerled::That's actually low for Nash recently..
joah5454::shows how high his production is, still with his age. one of the greatest players ever to play, in my opinion.
zinkerled::If we make the 8 seed we'll play OKC - who we played well and could easily have beat last week.  If the Nash wins the title with the suns it will be one of the greatest stories in the history of sports.  It's not impossible.
oinkpiggies::Well, I think Nash would have to play the best b-ball of his life.. which of course is possible (And I am wishing for!).  But your line of "...who we played well and could have easily beat last week," that's a bit of a stretch. It will be hard -- and everything in life worth getting is hard.    And frankly if they could have they should have, and they would have. But they didn't. Funny how people always say well if this happened or that, we would be here...blah blah. Who cares. Just do it. (NIke).hehehehe  stay humble.  Go suns.
Mr.ArizonaFan::That would be so awesome :')
Meet-The-Forkers::Krossman is mastur bating to Bill Ontario's comments right now.
oczonie::With Kobe's j-strap in his mouth.
Ghost8210::Suns a lot better this year than I expected.  Got a shot to go as high as 6th in the west from what I can see.
PhxSunsOwn13::We need the Lakers to win though.. Jazz on our tail
Mr.ArizonaFan::I love the suns&lt;3
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::I'll root for the Lakers to win to help us. But I wouldn't do that if the Jazz opponent was the Spirs. I HATE the Spurs way too much for that.
PhxSunsOwn13::agreed
zinkerled::But now we're only 5.5 back of the Lakers...
PhxSunsOwn13::we wont be catching them... sorry. but we need the jazz, wolves, rockets and nuggets to lose most right now
Meet-The-Forkers::It is good to see Derek Fisher gone, separated from Kobe! He is always a "suns killer"
Strong Troll Forventhrund::Kobe 2-13  shit sux
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::LOL just gonna say the same thing... me and you bro
Strong Troll Forventhrund::I know what you mean bruh
Meet-The-Forkers::Ok Krossman41....see you next game Win or Lose I will be here! I am watching you!
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::I'm just a regular everyday normal guy.....  I get constipated once a month.. motha f**ka
PhxSunsOwn13::I remember that one Suns troll that said we'd be lucky to win 10 games... welp. Where you at?
cleb976::Some guy on the Suns vs Cleveland wall said that to me a while back...he thought I was crazy when I said we could make it into the playoffs as the eighth seed...guess I could be right
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::We've already won more than twice that many games. Ha!
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::hahaha!
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::sifting through the trash to avoid starvation
Meet-The-Forkers::probably KROSSMAN41
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::anyone watchin FSU/CIN?  go fsu
AllaboutthePHO::No, go cincy
Meet-The-Forkers::Dunk you very much Jared!!
Krossman41::what?
Meet-The-Forkers::This guy is really stupid.  Did Jared dunk it or layup?  You are so dumb!
Bill Ontario 3.0::Great twist to the story guys!!;)
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::hi bill
Bill Ontario 3.0::Alright, me and Julie first in this small town in New Mexico, I was a very shy person socially awkward. But when I first saw her I loved he manly shoulders and her unbelievable freckled cheeks. She was wearing this tight kobe shirt and some apple bottom jeans. I couldn't resist her beauty so I walked up to her and ask her, "why dear you are to baetiful to be wearing all this negative accessaries all over you. She blushed and I saw that as a break through. I invited her to my hotel in which she declined at first eventually gave into it. I was not planning on having sex with her or anything but she all of a sudden became aggressive and started undressing me and trying to arouse me. Well I was a virgin then so I was kind of nervous so I kind of had a premature ejaculation. Yeah. hahahaa laugh at me. Whatever. So we waited to recharge and thats when she started undressing herself. Those were the most beautiful breasts I must have ever seen. It was wonderful. She gave me a little oral but I told her to leave because I thought we were taking it a little bit to fast. Thats when she brought out a rope from the back of her trunk. She forced me back into the hotel and tied me up to the bed. She pulled out a catwomen costume and a whip and started torturing me. I though it was kinky at first but then she started getting really crazy. I told her to stop, she said no!! She all of a sudden reached into her pants and pulled out a $@%!$... Tell Julie to just unblock me for one minute and I will stop!! If not well.....
Bill Ontario 3.0::Alright, me and Julie first in this small town in New Mexico, I was a very shy person socially awkward. But when I first saw her I loved he manly shoulders and her unbelievable freckled cheeks. She was wearing this tight kobe shirt and some apple bottom jeans. I couldn't resist her beauty so I walked up to her and ask her, "why dear you are to baetiful to be wearing all this negative accessaries all over you. She blushed and I saw that as a break through. I invited her to my hotel in which she declined at first eventually gave into it. I was not planning on having sex with her or anything but she all of a sudden became aggressive and started undressing me and trying to arouse me. Well I was a virgin then so I was kind of nervous so I kind of had a premature ejaculation. Yeah. hahahaa laugh at me. Whatever. So we waited to recharge and thats when she started undressing herself. Those were the most beautiful breasts I must have ever seen. It was wonderful. She gave me a little oral but I told her to leave because I thought we were taking it a little bit to fast. Thats when she brought out a rope from the back of her trunk. She forced me back into the hotel and tied me up to the bed. She pulled out a catwomen costume and a whip and started torturing me. I though it was kinky at first but then she started getting really crazy. I told her to stop, she said no!! She all of a sudden reached into her pants and pulled out a $@%!$... Tell Julie to just unblock me for one minute and I will stop!! If not well.....
Bill Ontario 3.0::Alright, me and Julie first in this small town in New Mexico, I was a very shy person socially awkward. But when I first saw her I loved he manly shoulders and her unbelievable freckled cheeks. She was wearing this tight kobe shirt and some apple bottom jeans. I couldn't resist her beauty so I walked up to her and ask her, "why dear you are to baetiful to be wearing all this negative accessaries all over you. She blushed and I saw that as a break through. I invited her to my hotel in which she declined at first eventually gave into it. I was not planning on having sex with her or anything but she all of a sudden became aggressive and started undressing me and trying to arouse me. Well I was a virgin then so I was kind of nervous so I kind of had a premature ejaculation. Yeah. hahahaa laugh at me. Whatever. So we waited to recharge and thats when she started undressing herself. Those were the most beautiful breasts I must have ever seen. It was wonderful. She gave me a little oral but I told her to leave because I thought we were taking it a little bit to fast. Thats when she brought out a rope from the back of her trunk. She forced me back into the hotel and tied me up to the bed. She pulled out a catwomen costume and a whip and started torturing me. I though it was kinky at first but then she started getting really crazy. I told her to stop, she said no!! She all of a sudden reached into her pants and pulled out a $@%!$... Tell Julie to just unblock me for one minute and I will stop!! If not well.....
Bill Ontario 3.0::Alright, me and Julie first in this small town in New Mexico, I was a very shy person socially awkward. But when I first saw her I loved he manly shoulders and her unbelievable freckled cheeks. She was wearing this tight kobe shirt and some apple bottom jeans. I couldn't resist her beauty so I walked up to her and ask her, "why dear you are to baetiful to be wearing all this negative accessaries all over you. She blushed and I saw that as a break through. I invited her to my hotel in which she declined at first eventually gave into it. I was not planning on having sex with her or anything but she all of a sudden became aggressive and started undressing me and trying to arouse me. Well I was a virgin then so I was kind of nervous so I kind of had a premature ejaculation. Yeah. hahahaa laugh at me. Whatever. So we waited to recharge and thats when she started undressing herself. Those were the most beautiful breasts I must have ever seen. It was wonderful. She gave me a little oral but I told her to leave because I thought we were taking it a little bit to fast. Thats when she brought out a rope from the back of her trunk. She forced me back into the hotel and tied me up to the bed. She pulled out a catwomen costume and a whip and started torturing me. I though it was kinky at first but then she started getting really crazy. I told her to stop, she said no!! She all of a sudden reached into her pants and pulled out a $@%!$... Tell Julie to just unblock me for one minute and I will stop!! If not well.....
Seven13Hou::good game Suns yall were the only ones playing out there good win for ya looking foward to watch the Rockets lose the next games aginst the Lakers,Mavs,Memphis ... maybe next year
PhxSunsOwn13::Now we gotta split our next two MIA-ORL next. Gonna be tough on the road.
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::Grant Hill's defense can shut down Lebron.
Krossman41::no "we" dont
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::split??? pssh, 2 for 2 motha f**ka
PhxSunsOwn13::lol that'll be tough
Meet-The-Forkers::Good to see the Morris brothers say goodbye in a "brotherly way"
Krossman41::what?
Meet-The-Forkers::I think your comments are stupid too!
Meet-The-Forkers::It was cool to see brothers saying bye!
Krossman41::yes i did, i just think it was a stupid comment
Meet-The-Forkers::Did you even watch the game?
Linfanticide::11 of last 14 and should have had that MIN game.
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::shoulda coulda woulda :p  i'm playin
Strong Troll Forventhrund::So close to playoffs....
Blackmac317::i just drank a large glass of cold milk.
oinkpiggies::milk is gross.
Linfanticide::me too. with a homemade brownie.
xChiTownSportsx::Same here cept it wasn't cold and there was no glass. It was your mother's $@%!$.
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::YES!!!!! Suns win!. Not only have we closed the gap between ourselves and the Rockets for the final playoff berth,we also are now over.500 :) This feels great. We pretty much controlled this one start to finish. We're playing really well right now. If we wish upon a star,a playoff berth can come to us. GO SUNS!!!!! :)
Meet-The-Forkers::Agreed!!!!!!!!
NillyboySwag::frrryuyyyyeeeee
Geo2043586::Down go the Rockets!
Orange602::Nice win, Suns!
Krossman41::wait, so who did the suns get in the Amare trade?
Meet-The-Forkers::GTFO you imposter.
Krossman41::u mad.
Meet-The-Forkers::Yes, at you. You seem like a suns hater? Why you so angry?
Krossman41::u mad bro?
PhxSunsOwn13::over .500 boys
Linfanticide::game over.
Seven13Hou::game was over in the 2nd quarter
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::I'm just a regular everyday normal guy.... nothin' special about me motha f**ka....
Strong Troll Forventhrund::Julie is ugly and admitted to being 40+
