fred3857::Coach McHale is horrible. At the BTB tough game against 3 seeded Nuggets,the win percentage is of course very low. Harden is a waste when he face a stronger defender like Iggudala,T-Allen and P-George,so he shouldn't hold the ball too long and even to decrease his play time. McHale should also not let Lin play continueous 35 mins that cost his defense and FG% but to let everybody rotate for D at the first 3Q to minimize the deficit,then have staters to compete well at 4qtr and Rox might have a little chance to win.
woodylamb::Rockets lost too many points in the paint. Any fixes?
Dawan208::Jeremy Lin had more points than any player from both teams.   Can this kid play.  Too bad Rockets lost.:(!
Judasisdead::Tow words: George Karl....maybe Doc Rivers can take a couple of pointers from him
GEORGE W BUSH. IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::AS USUAL, HAREN NEEDS TO CUT DOWN ON HIS 9 TURNOVERS AND PLAY SOME REAL DEFENSE IF THE ROCKETS WANT TO GO DEEP INTO THE PLAYOFFS ;)
fred3857::I wonder why nobody say Harden is a superstar recently?
washheightsboy3::dude, sitting right here.  Why you shouting?
doceddie::Anthony Randolph's time to shine? Still gotta watch out for the Nuggets come playoff time West Coast.
Jonnyb8717::He is taking Chandler's bench minutes and making the most of it.  Great job Randolph!
michael46293::What cannel do the rockets play on win the Astros are on?
I edit my comments after people call me names.::So we have to root for the Lakers again today???  EWWWWWWWWW...
oguhmas::Cheer for the Clippers to lose, not the Lakers to win
diehardnr1::I NEVER root for the Lakers...EVER Went on their board and told them I hoped MEM would win by 20+ and just posted Go Clipps!...signed a Denver fan F the Lakers! Besides, I believe DEN will not need anyones help to secure the 3...
thrice1187::Right there with ya brotha. Can't root for the Lakers, just can't do it!!
Alpine2285::No Gallo, No Ty, no matter Fournier and Randolf have been waiting for minutes all year and now they're stepping up How long can they keep this up?
fred3857::Nuggets has so many talent player in the bench like Chandler,Fournier Brewer and Randolf even better than many of Rox starters.Coach should coordinate all players to play teamwork and stronger D by effective rotation.
jayeteee::LOL I'm so bad w/ a keyboard, but I thought there was an infinity symbol somewhere.
diehardnr1::not on this swedish one...lol  I think there is a download keyboard you can get that has it.
diehardnr1::8  Look at the screen sideways to see my hope....
charlie hustle bets the over::Ha! Nice
greensilkdts::The nba needs a cinderella story so it would be nice to see the nuggs roll right thru til miami. im out. chitown.
jayeteee::Why stop there? Heat fan?
diehardnr1::well...they DO have an April Fools Day membership date...lol
Shub2308::Rockets don't play any d = first round exit
diehardnr1::132 points makes that HOU crack obvious....GL with that whole just getting in to the playoffs (maybe), only to get sent back to the smog with your tail between your legs thing...
diehardnr1::you should be more worried about the Clipps game and UTA...
dwighthowardsamazing::No Lawson or gallinari and apparently the nuggets are still unbeatable at home
Judasisdead::they need it but they will be fine regardless of if it's at home or away
diehardnr1::now you understand why Nuggets really, really want that 3 seed...
Hlee196::It's just one game after the Gallo injury... I hope this team continues to improve and get ready for a playoffs run. Go nugs...
diehardnr1::Amen!   Heres to hoping Gallo becomes the "Poster Child" of everything thats ever been dismissed because of hardship anywhere!   Yes, early days...but what a time to make a STATEMENT when a statement was really needed...
JLinNASA::Great win, Denver.  Houston needs an above the rim finisher like Farried or Blake Griffin so JLin can serve it to them to dunk.  That was a beauty to watch.  Lin had Shumpert, Tyson, and Landry in NY to can it above the rim.  Good luck in playoff, both.
TulipGrim::And some freaking D because Lin and Harden are defensive liabilities.
dhnguyen99::Agree.
diehardnr1::Good Morning Nuggets Faithful!!!  Wasn't it a nice feeling to let out that sigh of relief in the 3rd quarter!  I am totally amazed at how deep this team is...seems you could break this team into two units and both of them STILL make the playoffs...well at least in the East..lol
jayeteee::Good read. Go Nuggets!!
I edit my comments after people call me names.::Miller, Iggy, Kufas, Chandler, Faried McGee, Randolph, Fournier, CBrew  Still a damn good 9, and that's without Ty.  Run an 8-man rotation in the playoffs.  We'll be fine.
diehardnr1::This article was exactly why I posted what I did...  Do not push it is all I am saying.  I think DEN can get by GSW or HOU with him playing limited minutes...but OKC or SAS is another story altogether.   We saw hat happened in SA when he was 75%....just saying an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.
I edit my comments after people call me names.::diehardnr1 - I am thinking No Lawson starting until 2nd round...bring him back slowly in first round and let him loose when/if they advance....tahts IF hes only 75-85% healthy when 1st round starts  === Not what The Post is reporting:  http://blogs.denverpost.com/nuggets/2013/04/06/lawson-back-on-court-for-short-workout-says-hes-getting-a-little-bit-better/8488/
diehardnr1::I am thinking No Lawson starting until 2nd round...bring him back slowly in first round and let him loose when/if they advance....tahts IF hes only 75-85% healthy when 1st round starts
jayeteee::No Lawson???
Barrelman Fan::Right? Even with Gallo going down and people saying our depth is being used up, we have depth to that depth. Randolph and Fournier both looking pretty good for their first few games with significant minutes.
Joshuabeightol::Why the he.ll Any flucking body here still.... Oh wait
Frankcee78::DEEPEST TEAM IN THE WHOLE LEAGUE !!! GO NUGGETS !!!!!!!
Skatingseveneleven::G A R B A G E
Judasisdead::agreed
charles801::The Nuggets are deep, the Spurs are old "but good" and OKC has a Westbrook problem. "He thinks he needs more shots than Durant". Lets do this.
Judasisdead::half the Spurs team is young now, I don't understand how they are still "old"
nolanroth::This was a fun game to watch even when it was close
puhleezho::here is the statement game they needed to let the other teams know that they are not out of the WC championship talk.  When Lawson comes back,  I assume he will need a few games to get back in the flow, but look out!  Now I think nuggets should keep him out till the playoffs.
jjtorres83::Let's start talking about playoff matchups. Nuggets at the 3 seed currently would play Golden St. Golden St. is 4 games up on the Lakers (only team I'd hate to see the Nuggets get matched up against in the first round), and 2 games up on Houston. The Nuggets would take those series in 5 at most. The second round matchup would be against San Antonio or OKC. I think the Nuggets would be San Antonio in a 7 game series, but OKC would be tough. I'd prefer the Spurs over the Thunder, but either would be tough, especially without home court.  The third round would likely be one of those two teams. I think if they get Ty back, give Fournier about 15 minutes to rest a couple of their guards and give a legit 3 point threat, the Nuggets have a chance to get into the finals.  At this point OKC is the favorite, with San Antonio and the Nuggets a close tied second. OKC will miss Harden though ... that was a dumb move, and they're going to regret getting Kevin Martin (choke artist and ball stopper).
hupirate06::In no particular order, the Rockets,Nuggets,Warriors,Clippers,Trailblazers,and the Thunder are the NBA's most exciting teams to watch. Like if you agree.
Steelers7160::Nuggets score 132 without the top two scores and still we see..IS BOSH A SUPERSTAR, AND LEBRON SCORES 27 IN HIS RETURN....REALLY ESPN. I don't think espn knows it or not but there is other teams in the nba than Miami and okc...
SouthStands::Wow...sure hope Denver can stay competitive vs. playoff teams with Gallinari out...oh wait...  LOL! I hope all those trolls that were saying Denver was sunk without Gallinari have found their way back to their holes. Losing Gallinari is a tough break...but it is far from fatal. Denver has the depth to overcome that injury and will be just fine in the playoffs.
BurnabyJoeFan::Nuggets scores in this series... 93 105 118 132  Notice a trend?  Rockets DO NOT want to see the Nuggets in the playoffs no matter what Lin says.
TXtdo1411::Yea the nuggets are the last team I would like the Rockets to face in the playoffs. Y'all have our number for sure.
jayeteee::All wins too.
phattybumbum::These fresh legs the backups backups (fornier and Randolph) are playing with is really going to be an advantage  come playoff time.
KrayzieBone22::Denver is gonna knock some teams out the playoffs.  They are Dangerous!
zachzilla33::74 points in the paint? That's insane!!! GO NUGGETS!
JLinNASA::Good job, Nuggs.  Houston has no inside defender.
washheightsboy3::I think they are the only team to break 70 points in the paint this year and they've done it like 10 times.  Don't quote those exact numbers, but it's pretty close.
smokingstogies305::I really hope the Nuggets run roughshot through the West in the playoffs. I'd love to see a Heat/Nuggets final.
diehardnr1::Nuggets threw a harder body slam on the Rockets than that off duty cop did to the homeless lady in Honolulu airport!     http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n64LhFPBJ5w  Wow...talk about excessive force! old lady half his size...smh...Hero wasn't the first word that came to my mind...
diehardnr1::Thanks for the Thewb.com tip avsnuggsroxbroncs21...but, sadly, it cannot be viewed outside of the USA :-(  going to look on you tube and see if I can find it...
avsnugsroxbroncs21::message me ur email
diehardnr1::done...thanks
avsnugsroxbroncs21::will this work?  http://www.thewb.com/shows/chuck/pilot/f4184f082f
avsnugsroxbroncs21::http://www.tubeplus.me/movie/786905/Chuck/season_1/episode_1/Pilot/   just download adobe flash!
avsnugsroxbroncs21::well someday you gotta watch it. best show ever
diehardnr1::oh well...hopefully it will still be on netflix archives when it is available in Sweden
diehardnr1::not yet...but its coming soon...
avsnugsroxbroncs21::do u have netflix?
diehardnr1::nope... and no luck on you tube either...will try the google thing...thanks
avsnugsroxbroncs21::crap another wb link :(
avsnugsroxbroncs21::Just look up chuck free on google. Or orderit on Amazon it's worth it I promise!
diehardnr1::whew!  lol
diehardnr1::cool....this is mainly a check to see if I was banned for posting a video of a body slam....fingers crossed!
diehardnr1::Any one else really impressed by Fournier and AnRands improvement with each extra minute they play?  All 4 of the players (iggy, CBrew, Fournier, and Randolp) , that I said would need to step up came out of the blocks at full speed....keep it up guys!
phattybumbum::how is it that Dnver has 12 starter worthy players and other teams barely have 5
diehardnr1::amen, amen, and AMEN!  Cannot believe other teams only saw him as a player evaluator...kudos to the Kroenkes for getting it right!
jjtorres83::You can thank Mr. Ujiri for that one. Best offseason acquisition would be to keep Ujiri for another 5 years.
avsnugsroxbroncs21::Nuggs bench=soooo deep
diehardnr1::Nuggs bench=toooo deep -Opponents coaches
diehardnr1::Nuggets blowing out a potential playoff opponent, Rockies taking another series,and heck, even Avs continuing their Quest for the first draft pick!  Its a good time to be a Denver sports fan!
Jonnyb8717::This Rockies team is fun to watch.  Baby Bull and Dexs are unexpectively impressive me so far.
Mirage3227::Least the Rockies are showing improvement :b
diehardnr1::if the starting pitchers can keep games close, then this team is practically unstoppable...one lousy inning from a 5-0 start....but at least Weiss learned his lesson. Weiss is already proving to be a better game coach than his two predecessors  imho
booker1981::Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha, That was the truest and funniest thing I have ever heard
avsnugsroxbroncs21::Haha so sad for an avs fan, but we'll return to the top!
victor9502::Allen Iverson is a career 40% shooter but he made 100 of millions by palming the ball with his cross over and no one say he over paid.
diehardnr1::mmmkay....AI just needs to give up on any thoughts of a comeback and just take his place in the HOF.
avsnugsroxbroncs21::Let's go Louisville! Makes csu look better haha
avsnugsroxbroncs21::work night shift tomorrow..late night haha
avsnugsroxbroncs21::Awesome!
diehardnr1::thanks, I will
avsnugsroxbroncs21::Thewb.com watch chucks first episode and enjoy
diehardnr1::Win it for Ware!
diehardnr1::sipping coffee and watching highlights on NBALP, brunch time!
avsnugsroxbroncs21::do it!! Watching chuck and drinking gin, late night!
diehardnr1::My favorite moment in this game full of great plays?  Igoudala laughing and joking with Winston for "stealing" a triple double from him....PAY ATTENTION JAVALE!
avsnugsroxbroncs21::nuggets are so awesome this year. they are more exciting than when tebow was leading the broncos to those crazy wins, which is hard to do
diehardnr1::agree that if Tebow wasnt our starter then Elway might not have been looking for a QB...John just HATED Tebow...even his praise after Ws was more back handed compliments than real praise.  Yes...these Nuggets are showing the same kind of spirit...hopefully they will out do Tebow and  ride it further than the 2nd round.
avsnugsroxbroncs21::Gosh when he ran that td I was so pumped and knew we would somehow make the playoffs
diehardnr1::hopefully Jets will let Timmy out of the doghouse this year...via trade or injury to the starter...but I doubt it.  Jets owner was so embarrassed by that Monday night drive, that he traded for him...just to sit him as punishment...
avsnugsroxbroncs21::True but I still love tebow. And hes the reason we go manning!  If nuggs can keep this team, the upside is unreal
diehardnr1::yeah...but Iggy, Miller, Fournier can all pass better than Tim.  Do not get me wrong, I loved Tebows game...never quit and all heart...BUT I think my comparison is apt.
avsnugsroxbroncs21::i love how espn still rarely talks about the nuggets but does a special on lebron's game back
Mirage3227::It is all about what mainstream fans want to hear. I am excited to see how deep we can go as a 3 seed though!
diehardnr1::I laughed at that too...   LEBron returns from a torn cuticle on his little toe is MUCH more interesting than a team that blows out a playoff team after losing one of its best players -ESPN
avsnugsroxbroncs21::nuggets are gonna get to the WCF... at least
diehardnr1::If they keep playing like they did tonight...anything is possible!
MemberName970::Nuggets wont last in the playoffs but shhhh, let there fans enjoy the hype -Everyone else
Jonnyb8717::Hype???  What hype?  These nuggets have had to earn everything they have to this point, despite never being talked about or "hyped" by media.  Unless you are a heatle, your team will soon understand what Nuggets fans "know".  Go Nuggets.
diehardnr1::ps....I guess even you did not believe that comment enough to self-like it...lol
diehardnr1::The Wolves will move to SEA because MIN has been an embarrassment to the league since Garnett left. -David Stern
diehardnr1::GG Houston...the 1stQ 3s and FTs (read Brown) had me worried for awhile...But, honestly, Rockets had zero chance vs this emotionally charged Nuggets squad tonight.  Well, I guess the haters will need to stop all the Denver obituary posts.  The question was WHICH Nugget would step up...the obvious answer was ALL of them!  If Nuggets can ride this emotional high into the playoffs ANYTHING can happen!  Yes, it was only one game...but what I saw was, not a team that just suffered a huge loss of talent...but, one that has a lot of players wanting to show THEIR talent.  Kudos to Gallinari for being the inspirational catalyst!  The entire team stepped up due to his injury. Cannot wait for playoffs!  GO NUGGETS!!!
MemberName970::i like my own comments too!
washheightsboy3::MemberName970 - I you run the add in called likes and flags, you can see who likes or flags any posts.  this will prevent you from embarassing yourself in the future.
avsnugsroxbroncs21::he's probably drunk and alone in his cabin in MN, not like there's anything else to do
diehardnr1::thanks avsnugsroxbroncos....some guys just resort to inane remarks when they have nothing plausible to say in response
avsnugsroxbroncs21::i liked it, bud
diehardnr1::here watch close...I WILL like my comments right now...
diehardnr1::GAME MVP:  Danilo Gallinari
diehardnr1::"WHO are those guys?!?!!"  -The rest of the NBA
diehardnr1::"The rumor of our demise has been greatly over-exaggerated..."  -The Denver Nuggets
kidd_p28::I DIS OWN ROCKETS D-
diehardnr1::hey, there is still a little room left on the Nuggets bandwagon...welcome!
MemberName970::DENVER SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
diehardnr1::MemberName970 - DENVER SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.....The life out of teams!
NFLFanFreak::Everybody just wants Attention but I'm tired and I'm going to call it a night.
FrogsterTi::He just wants attention.
NFLFanFreak::Says a Wolves Fan.
avsnugsroxbroncs21::PROUD TO BE A NUGS FAN!  so much heart to this team
MemberName970::DENVER SUCKS YOU PIECE OF SHISH. GO T-WOLVES!!!!!!!
diehardnr1::sounds like someone is butt-hurt when watching a team that can actually overcome injuries to key players...Dude, you are just pathetic...
diehardnr1::to the D-League?
Anonymouse99::"When you play a team like Denver, who runs like we run, it has to be wise," Lin said. "We want to push the pace, but you have to push the pace conservatively, so we don't give them 20 to 50 points in transition.  Easier said than done. There is no such thing as a 'conservative' pace. Only the Nuggets control this pace especially when they play at home. Conservative pace is pretty meaningless for the opposition at Mile High altitude.
Jackiemoonsexy::<i>"We're never going to play a perfect game, but we have to push the ball up the floor and get to our spots and play without throwing crazy passes, cross-court passes. They have length and taller wings so we have to be smarter with how we push it."  -- Jeremy Lin</i>  <b>Seems Jeremy Lin can be a good coach someday</b>
moncindy007::At least JLin see it and know what to say even though "Easier said then done" .
FREEWAYE::Easier said then done.
truth2dat::already better than McHale
1988carlos::Gotta give it up to the nuggets. Showed great resilience against my rockets. Even without  two of their best players, they still took care of business. Don't be too down rocket fans. I guarantee you will smile when you look at our remaining schedule. GO ROXS!!!!!
diehardnr1::funny...I just posted your final sentiment on the MLB board...
FREEWAYE::Good thing Carmelo isn't a spoiled brat like Lebron.And told Denver management his future plans with the organization.
Jonnyb8717::I will not boooo Melo, he is the reason I watch basketball, it was a difficult 8 years after Mutombo and before Melo.  But the day we drafted him was the day I rededicated my fanhood to my Nuggets.  I miss Melo, and thank him for being honest with us and allowing for the return on the Knick trade Massi was able to secure.  Go Nuggets!  Thanks Melo!
diehardnr1::As I have said before, Melo was like the ex that told you she wanted out...then hooked you up with all of her hot friends before leaving...
rolandftw::After how LeBron and Bosh left, it didn't matter whether Melo told Denver its future plans or not.  They were going to trade him unless he signed an extension.  They saw the effect it was having on the Cavs and Raptors to lose a star player and get nothing back in return of immediate value.
