Sterancow::Ok, I know this is late and will probably not get read, but here goes.  I missed this game on tv because I was watching my college team play, but it looked like one I wish I'd seen.  I don't know why all the pacer fans were badmouthing Orlando though, while being so defensive about their own team.  I read this entire thread, and it may have been mostly people who had money on the game that were calling the Magic trash and bottom dwellers early on, but by the end a lot of Pacer fans seemed to jump on that bandwagon.  At the same time a lot of those gamblers were calling Indiana overrated.  I think both of these are wrong opinions.  I see Indiana as a decent team that could conceivably contend this season, though I do think they need a stronger bench to do this.  But I am disappointed in Pacer fans.  I thought Indianans knew basketball.  But it seems like the only thing Pacer fans know about the Magic is what they've heard on ESPN, which as we all know loves their big name, big city teams.  Preseason, the talking heads on ESPN were saying Orlando would be the worst team in the league.  Turns out they were wrong.  In fact, Orlando was only one game below .500 when Big Baby Davis went out with his injury.  That injury sent the team into a tailspin as the rookies backing him up had a hard time replacing Davis' offensive and defensive intensity.  (I know, it surprises even me to say that as several years ago I mainly considered him a liability, but last season's effort against Hibbert in the playoffs really impressed me, and he's continued his intense play into this season.)  Before Davis went down, I believe the Magic actually had one of the better defenses in the league.  During the 10-game losing streak that followed his injury, only one game was a blowout, and most were within 5 points.  Davis' first game back was a blowout loss to Washington (who I believe will be a much better team as Wall gets more into the flow of the team), but he played well in limited minutes.  But I guess mostly I would've thought Indiana fans (of all the basketball fan bases out there) would appreciate a team of role players who through grit and determination surpass expectations.  I mean, hasn't Hoosier nation always been synonymous with gritty, blue-collar basketball?  Anyway I, as a Magic fan from the franchise's inception, have always had a grudging respect for the Pacers.  Best of luck as the season plays out...
nba is the worst::So when is (overrated) Granger coming back for this (way overrated) team?
AllInForLife1984::Started with this online betting system called SportsBettingStar about 2 months ago.  I was able to find this system on the first page of Google when looking up Sports Betting Systems.
dwight howards free throw academy::Vooch will not be voted to the all star game since they removed the "C" position.  Bull.  He is a beast.
Magic are better than you::He is a great player but not quite allstar caliber
Hondo Kid::Indy flat after last night.  Sloppy.  and orlando did its job
TheCronoMasterMind::Just remembered the guy that loves seeing Nicholson in the game, well he was pretty bad tonight. He got all 6 of his fouls in the 4th quarter and wasn't playing very well. Guess we'll see less of him again lol
dwight howards free throw academy::He's had some good games, but definitely looks like a rookie out there.  I think he could develop into a chris bosh type player.  Good jumper, some post moves, but weak on the boards.
TheCronoMasterMind::I'm not knocking the guy, everyone has an off game, I'm just picking fun of the guy that always begs for more Nicholson. But I agree with you completely. Was actually thinking the exact same thing with the Chris Bosh reference. He did have a 4 block game this year, and he has the athleticism to get to the paint, but I don't expect to him to be great defensively in his career.
Good sport333::Now that's Dengsta! who cares bout rings &amp; allstarS? just win baby just win  and im not waitin till playoffs im a old school nba/Bulls Fan i want wins NOW AND LATER
pacerpride35::Key point in this game was when Indiana was up 15-8 and had the chance to go up by 9 or 10. A couple of bad possessions later, the Magic were within two, and it went downhill from there. You've got to step on the throat early like Indiana did last night against Charlotte. Time to regroup at home against Houston before the second half of the season starts with a roadtrip out west.
mathurpalak@yahoo.com::When Granger coems back this team will be deadly.
Lebanon LeBron::<i><u><b>CHING CHANG WALLA WALLA BING BANG</b></u></i>
Shamed_Shaun::vucivic is killing for me in fantasy right now
TheCronoMasterMind::Why is it that when I fall asleep and miss a game, we win? &gt;.&lt; I saw every game of the losing streak, but I missed the Clippers game because I was taking a nap, and I woke up late from a nap tonight, and we win. I'm awake for most games, except for the ones we've been winning lately. -____-
Virgomused::You should sleep more
asdbluecfl::Just back from the game. Lol at all you gamblers, especially unionstar702. Hope you lost atleast 200. Go Magic.
hoops 112hoping::lol how are the pacers overrated?? No one on ESPN even mentioned them after they beat the heat. They don't even care about indiana. The pacers have the 3rd best record in the east without their leading scorer. Overrated? Is it from pacer fans?? We ALL admit that the offense sucks. We take pride in our #1 defense though, which is fine.  STOP saying they are overrated.
Rexanilatorz::I'm not gonna lie, I'm not shocked we lost this game Jacque Vaughn is an impressive head coach and I figured we wouldn't come out and match the Magic energy to begin the game which happened and we just got behind
DBrownDrose::O.V.E.R.R.A.T.E.D.
hoops 112hoping::yeah sure, we played poorly tonight but that's no reason to call us overrated.
gimpybayou::good game magic. def a better game than the nets. magic is a threat from the arch all season pacers should of def and not underestimate them. well played
Virgomused::To all the pacers fans complaining about the magic making threes... Your defense SUCKED! And we have jj and afflalo who makes over 40% from the corner. Your over rated
OlBoyP::youre an idiot
The_JTrain::Pacers are overrated
OlBoyP::youre an idiot too
dwight howards free throw academy::definitely overrated.  they stink.
TheJTram::Congratulations. Magic tied for with 3 other East teams (including us) to move up in the standings. Unfortunately for us, we got the Knicks next haha. Anyways congrats
Virgomused::Vucevic: 14 and 16 $1mil Hibbert: 11 and 7   $11mil   Let's ask again, who won the Dwight trade?
asdbluecfl::Easy...MAGIC!!!
NUPE-NUPE-NUPE::Wonder if this Magic success has to do with coaching or underrated players?  Could Jacque Vaughn be the next Phil Jackson?
csmeech::Thankfully stan van burpy is gone
whizkid28::id say there 14-24
TheCronoMasterMind::You should also notice how close they've played the best teams in the league. Lost to the Heat by 2 in OT after bad calls in regulation(in the Heat's favor, surprise surprise), and lost by 2 to the Bulls because of a couple bad calls down the stretch. If you want to count all of their close loses, the majority were due to being outshot on the FT line.
MagicBoltzRays::more likely underrated players.
NUPE-NUPE-NUPE::I'd say coaching.
GetALittleCrazy1975::Started using this online betting system called SportsBettingStar.  In my first month using the system I made almost 3K in profits.
NUPE-NUPE-NUPE::Vucevic is still grabbing rebounds.......
NUPE-NUPE-NUPE::Mmmmm, Pacer butt-hurt.
dorucevic::Well spent money Indiana (Roy Hibbert 58 million) the reason these teams never win championship is they spend money on garbage
rjb9rc::He's having an off year from the field, mostly due to a nagging right wrist.  The Pacers matched the Blazers offer because true centers with the ability to anchor an elite defense don't come along often.  He was never going to average +16ppg.
JollySwagman28::one last time and then i'm out!  "Gambling is a tax for people who are bad at math."
ssj2gokuvsgallade::REVENGE!
JoJo_James417971::You seriously should try this:  http://tinyurl.com/nba-free-draft-challenge5
peckers84::Pacers just lost to a team of bench players.....
OPENLYUGLY::double post
OPENLYUGLY::That played 3 rookies, 2 second year players and two guys just off the injured list. ENJOY!
JollySwagman28::who couldn't miss a 3 blindfolded tonight
cflip37::Magic team aint even really bad, honestly their record should be better than it is now if not for some key injuries and some bad luck at the end of certain games
OPENLYUGLY::Pacers need to make a trade and add a lil' depth.
OPENLYUGLY::Have to get more scoring off the bench, they only had 6 pts until garbage time.
Rhino5643::lance will help the second unit when danny comes back but need a good shooter on the bench
Rhino5643::we will take jj lol
gimpybayou::we need that =D
Area55andG2::just because of one game?
yanksonfire27::Hansbrough can get under your skin like a tic. Jack Nicholson allowed him to do that tonight.
chris johnson 558::gg pacers fans have a nice season hope we both make the post season and face each other
JollySwagman28::my new favorite Orlando fan!
gimpybayou::mine too
unionstar702::Magic win a game and all there lil scummy fans come out of hiding to talk $@%! lol your teams garbage deal with it you won one a lucky game don't call about playoff tickets just yet
csmeech::What are you even talking about?  Magic fans are just having fun with wins we weren't supposed to see this year based on the "experts" opinions.  Really, quit your whining.  We are impressed by the hard work put out by a bunch of rookies and a rookie coach.  It's nice to see a team without stars defy the odds.  We don't expect to win a bunch.  And, this is rebuilding.  When you trade away your players for draft picks, rookies and bench players, you are in rebuilding mode.  Yeah. like they traded for these guys thinking it meant a trip to the Finals.  You need to raise your IQ before posting again.  Just a lame post
Virgomused::Tmac, grant hill, rashard Lewis...... What FAs do you have?
trizzo23::add h. grant in prime to that list
unionstar702::Not a pacers fan..I'm a fan of money and pacers cost me some tonight losing to a garbage bag team
trizzo23::magic made playoffs last 6 years...and went to finals...pacers not so much
trizzo23::orlando not indiana..no problem getting free agents
unionstar702::It's funny how ppl explain being crappy as rebuilding..Dwight hated it there noone wants to play there the franchise is leaving in the next 5 years mark my words
leroyiscool80::Yeah, and superstars are just lining up to play for the Pacers. Dumb@ss.
trizzo23::i will check back with pacers when they lose 8 of next 10
trizzo23::who said throwing games?
trizzo23::its called rebuilding ...
unionstar702::It's cause they suck ..they are not throwing games you moron
unionstar702::Hahaha they want a draft pick? Did you really just explain your season like that? Wow that's sad
Elton7323::ofcourse look at the magics record
chris johnson 558::how was that lucky game idiot
Elton7323::those were wide open threes lol how is that lucky u got to make some sooner or later.
Rhino5643::How many threes did they hit? I would call that lucky, if it wasnt they would average a lot more points
trizzo23::magic want draft pick clown...stop crying
Fraka9::yet again..  Vucevic &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Dwight
Elton7323::vucevic is going tobe a allstar center in no time just watch.
Area55andG2::then explain your record...
Elton7323::injuries
JollySwagman28::Dwight will be the next Shaq.  i.e. someone who had the physical tools to be "GOAT" but never worked hard enough to get there.  (in shaq's case food was his problem, dwight's is all mental)
MagicBoltzRays::still needs to add come muscle.
Fraka9::plenty of time
hoops 112hoping::good game magic fans. Nice shooting today! Made a lot of contested jumpshots and 3's. Nice defensive team as well. I think you guys might be in striking distance of the eight seed later this season, but i don't think that's what you want... lol
OPENLYUGLY::Exactly, they need more PING PONG BALLS!
TheMagicFanGuy::Good game Pacers
rjb9rc::Congrats, Orlando.  You are now only 10 games under .500.  good night.
srqsam::Which makes the Pacers loss even more pathetic.
OPENLYUGLY::Getting HEALTHY! SEE YA NEXT TIME!
rjb9rc::Granger.  That is all.
TheMagicFanGuy::Lol sour grapes
Hawaiian Raiders::Cannot believe i just won the SH play-4.5....
Magic are better than you::Good game pacers.  Go Magic!!!!
FoxKat93::Thanks, Orlando. :-D
ChiGuy1002::Just not having the worst record in the NBA is an achievement with the Magic's roster...
Daniel83510::It is when everyone thought they'd only win this many games after the season had finished.
OPENLYUGLY::Like YOU know half their players? GET LOST CLOWN!
TheMagicFanGuy::Lmao Green is mad, sucker.
MagicBoltzRays::funny pacers thinking they are still in it.
trizzo23::pacers salty against magic third string...lol
rjb9rc::It's called 10 games under .500....hahahaha
rjb9rc::Yeah...the Heat never lose to teams with losing records...or anytime with a +.500 record for that matter...hmmmm
MagicBoltzRays::good point. the Pacers just lost to a team 10 games under .500
Rhino5643::its called effort you idiot
Rhino5643::So they should just stand around? Makes sense maybe thats why they only have 24 wins
TheMagicFanGuy::It's called GAME OVER you moron.
MagicBoltzRays::effort in garbage time? pointless.
Magic are better than you::That angle looked like tyler was bouncing the ball on his head
MagicBoltzRays::the refs have it in for Nicholson tonight.
OPENLYUGLY::Crazy that a team with a big lead and a few minutes left get 3 offensive foul calls in 4 possessions.
Rhino5643::cry
Flash Barrett::Terrible idea. He is 32. KG is, I think, 36. West has a few years left, easy, and his leadership and clutch shooting is huge. ______________________________________________________________________________________  David West ain't KG..jus cause KG can play the way he does at his age doesn't mean West will
rjb9rc::West was an all-star in the West...should be an all star this year and has been Indiana's most consistent player...you think he is done at 32?
OPENLYUGLY::OK REFS....... you can STOP with the ONE WAY CALLS!
hoops 112hoping::Well summing up the pacers today: Great job by paul george, 20/10/4, have fun at the all star game buddy! Rest of them... ouch. Hibbert played okay. Hill did okay. West was really average. Lance was meh. Bench sucked.
JollySwagman28::This is the kind of game the Pacers win with Granger matching Reddick 3 for 3.
JollySwagman28::Actual question about sports betting :  Do you betters think you're smarter than the guys who work for the bookies/casinos who set the lines?
CrashintoIt::Dumb question as you can bet either side
JollySwagman28::yes.. and they are paid to set the lines so they'll win a majority of the bets no matter who bets what.  they are in it to make money.    "Gambling is a tax for people who are bad at math."  i.e. casinos and bookies don't exist because they lose a majority of the time.
unionstar702::I'm smarter and I'm guessing skinnier then you loudmouth..you talk to much ill make a solid bet when I bet you have no life
unionstar702::Funny thing is standing in the casino this is the one game I felt really good about shame on the pacers they played awful tonight
