Jim Clark::Cavs held off a freakish shooting night by Milwaukee, 57% from 3.  Mayo just couldn't miss all night... it was sick.  Cavs had this game, going up by 1 with 50 seconds to go.  Andy didn't box out, and the Bucks got an easy put back basket... then with 15 secs to go, Kyrie dribbled off his foot.  Cavs had the momentum, thought for sure KI was going to drain a last second drive to the hoop.  Cavs are really coming together though... they will be 46-36 when it's all said and done... 6 seed in the playoffs.
Josey Wales::The way the Milwaukee Bucks set up their team this year is so they can find a "Reggie White" type free agent in this upcoming free agent frenzy and get a nice draft pick all but 4 player are signed beyond this season.
Steven N.::Team moves the ball much better when Sanders isn't in the lineup. The combination of Henson and Pachulia works out because both have post games and Zaza can pass.
Rico M::Apparently Larry Sanders is under investigation in reference to some bar fight.. Is this why he isnt playing tonight?
Cyril::Where's the guy who said two days ago that signing Zaza Pachulia was a terrible move?  Looks like the only terrible move was throwing $11 million a year at a guy with behavioral issues and no offensive game because he played half a season of good basketball.
John A::No, Sanders injured himself on opening night.
James::Now I can see why the cavs went with Bennett at #1: 1 for 5 last night, 20% from the field, a couple rebounds, and 1 for 20 on the year...yep,a real beast...I think we are going to see a few players as the season progresses that the cavs should have picked (but as they say about hind sight). Looks like another mediocre season for the cavs and another disastrous pick.
mark::I thought Cleveland could beat a HORRIBLE Bucks team?
caligirl::Hey Bennett finally scored his first nba points.
Clyde::I would like to know how they figure this +/- system out. It makes no sense to me. They had one guy who played 4 seconds and had no chance to do anything good or bad and he had a minus 2.
