Jaymin086::Magic suck
NolaJag::I loved seeing what Anthony Davis did with extended minutes. He put up 17, 15 and 4 in 40 minutes as a rookie. I can't wait to see how his development progresses in the next few years.
therachyone::Curb your enthusiasm. This was one of the worst teams in the league we played.
NolaJag::Nevertheless, it was an NBA team and one of the few times he got extended minutes.
vmcmillan2::If they can keep the Vets, Nelson Afflalo Davis and even Harrington with the rest of this young team they could do somthing in a few years. Henni looks good for re-signing Jameer for that Vet leadership now.
Elton7323::i rather keep harrington and afflalo for veterian leadership than nelson
OPENLYUGLY::It was STUPID to resign Nelson.
BurnabyJoeFan::I always liked Afflalo and hated to see him go.  Glad to see he is doing well for the Magic.  Fans like him?
vmcmillan2::We like him a lot.
MagicBoltzRays::I like the effort he brings.
Johnny Thunderbird SJ Hoops::GO HARKLESS!
johnselway::Big Al "Buckets" Harrington needs to retire with the Nuggets!
BurnabyJoeFan::Cause he was in Denver for so long?
Navy Squid45::Pelicans Squak!!!!
STEVE6163656::NBA Finals preview
RIPCityBizzness::never
vmcmillan2::2
Magic are better than you::In 5 years
Navy Squid45::In 3
TheCronoMasterMind::Vaughn definitely wasn't looking too happy with the post-game questions, he didn't want to win lol. He always looks constipated for some reason. Smile man!
Joeysprinklesownsyou::Lamarcus taking the night off, lol...
Navy Squid45::Magic win!!!
kyfan2176::still looks like new orleans has no idea how to use their bench
theprodctz::We ended up flipping Ayon in a deal for Harris, so in a roundabout way, we did get something tangible out of the whole Ryno deal.
chris johnson 558::good win but don't win to many game jacque .. we need the lakers game only
zach33671::Everybody needs to calm down u know Wat they were saying about durants supersonics in his first couple of years? The same thing they said about the hornets. AD is our version of star. We will get another lottery pick like mclemore or oladipo include that to an improving rivers 20, Anderson 24, Gordon 24 or trade gordon for klay Thompson or young talent and picks, aminu 22, and vasquez 26. If y don't think this team has a future u don't know basketball
trizzo23::calm down..mclemore will go first pick...hornets wont get him...no way you get klay for gordon...right now gordon might be un-tradable..no one wants him or that contract...lol
kyfan2176::Yes the team has a future if the coaches can grow and learn from their mistakes also which i havent seen much of.
NYCfan76::Love Harkless.
iiMKenny::I'll still take Jabari Parker over Andrew Wiggins
iiMKenny::and we have 2 second year players better then all the other players except Davis. So good luck with that bright future.
iiMKenny::If you think so. We have 3 rookies better then your 10th pick.
iiMKenny::The only reason why the Hornets have a "big name player" is Chris Paul didn't want to play with that sorry team anymore before Dwight didn't want to play with the Magic... so yall had a high draft pick.
Omg its Darius::And a brighter future
iiMKenny::bet*
Omg its Darius::Bet*
iiMKenny::I'll beat you any amount of money the Magic will be better than the Pelicans in two years.
Omg its Darius::And more evidence of why no one takes you seriously
Omg its Darius::And that's why no one takes you seriously
zootman727::makes sense.....
Omg its Darius::Your name is Magic??????! Who is y'all best player no one knows are cares
johnathanj46::You realize that the Hornets/Pelicans have never made it to the nba finals.
zootman727::HAHAHA afflalo is better then any player on the hornets currently
Loyal Sports Fan::That's over-generalizing. Magic fans care, at least the true ones.
iiMKenny::No one takes your team serious.
iiMKenny::Shut up... Your a pelicans fan. That's the worst franchise name ever.
iiMKenny::LA Smogs?
whodattrackgeauxtigers::I know, all those Lakes in LA are really intimidating.
Omg its Darius::And that's why no one takes you seriously
Loyal Sports Fan::You know for all the crap Jameer gets, it's funny that the first game he comes back the Magic win....hmmm.
OPENLYUGLY::Afflalo ran the offense down the stretch. Nelson was the reason why the Magic were down 17 to begin with.
brainpicks::Robin Lopez for NO...only 11 minutes.   Orlando grabbed rebounds off of missed shots.     Jameer Nelson first game back for Orlando...shot decent and led team in assists.    Thats what made the difference...even though NO was up by 9 with 3:20 to go in the 4th
Rik1822::40% shooting is decent?  It was the lowest on the team other than Udrih off of  the second highest # of attempts
whodattrackgeauxtigers::Robin Lopez is the worst rebounder on the team. He has a 17% defensive rebound rate. If every player on the court gets the same amount of rebounds, including guards, that's 20%
nickebeling5::good job magic, 1 more win and they will get win 18 and match the total I expected them to win this year
Omg its Darius::Well at least we can look forward to the saints Orlando where's your team
johnathanj46::Yeah i remember when my seahawks dumped the saints $@%'s a couple of years ago
Omg its Darius::Voodoo &gt; Predators  LOL
TheMagicFanGuy::Most locals like the Tampa franchises, since Tampa is only an hour away and is part of the same market.
TheCronoMasterMind::Well there is Orlando City soccer, the Solar Bears for minor league hockey, or the Orlando Predators for AFL to root for lol
theprodctz::Most people here just cheer for whoever has a chance at winning the SB. We hardly need our own team here.
Loyal Sports Fan::We need one, that's for sure. These next few years will be tough for basketball.
iiMKenny::uhh... the Saints are a crappy team to.
iiMKenny::Yea that defense is going to be horrible next year. I can't talk though I'm a Raiders fan.
Omg its Darius::We had an average year without our coach and a terrible defense
whodattrackgeauxtigers::Saints with no defense or coach whatsoever were a 500 team.
theprodctz::Rob Hennigan must be absolutely livid right now.
MagicBoltzRays::2 game road winning streak for the Magic. hmmmm
theprodctz::PROGRESS!
Loyal Sports Fan::Haha, I wasn't aware they were on a streak. That doesn't happen very often.
whodattrackgeauxtigers::Uh, Damian Lillard and your 16 points and  6 assists in 40 minutes, meet Anthony Davis and his 17 points, 15 rebounds, and 4 blocks in 40 minutes. See what happens when he gets Lillard minutes? Davis for ROY!
RIPCityBizzness::nor can he even stay on the court. The dude is a vahgina
RIPCityBizzness::he actually had 20 and 7 tonight...AD cant even get 20 points lol over hyped unibrow.
Clutch Klutz::C'mon Pelicans!
whodattrackgeauxtigers::People need to calm down: the only Hornets players who will be on this team when we're competing, played well... And we lost. Win Win.
MagicBoltzRays::Harris, 15 points, and +17 on the court. sign this kid to a long term contract asap.
yanksonfire27::Aflac made E. Gordon look like a traffic cone tonight kids.
Bookiebreaker48::screw u orlando i hate you soo much yesterday you couldnt even hit a freethrow for me +25.5 today u win outright!!!!! jesus christ
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::You have a gambling problem
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Is Eric Gordon a defensive liability? He is undersized at 6'3-4  Hornets fans don't argue his height. He &amp; Rivers are the same height.
yanksonfire27::I have the Heat beating the Magic next game folks.
iiMKenny::i dunno Vucevic might grab 40 boards.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Smart man.
Loyal Sports Fan::haha, nice prediction
ballerbooboo::17 points lead and controlling of the game all night but end up losing lol
crimtype::F*ck you New Orleans f@cking hornet you pieces of s h i t!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
RBush21B::You lost AT HOME to the Magic? What a F-ing joke.
cflip37::Magic also had tons of injuries this year, if not for the them this would probably of been a 30 win team
trizzo23::magic beat clippers,lakers,denver,pacers..lost to heat by 2..played a bunch of close games...but yes lost 5-8 games by blowout...going to happen playing 5 rookies and 3 second year players
RBush21B::Both bad teams, yes... Honest as bad as Magic? No, only team comparable to the magic is the Bobcats. Hornets have had many close games against great teams. Orlando just lost by almost 40-points to the Kings. But beat hornets away? Hornets= a joke tonight.
TheCronoMasterMind::Check the actual good teams they've played this season. Most of those games were pretty close actually.
netdawg8::We're tanking; calm down.
Elton7323::both teams are bad couldve went either way
OPENLYUGLY::Road 2B2B's are hard to win.
netdawg8::Huge loss for the Hornets. A win would've put us tied for 8th worst. This loss has us tied for 4th worst. Better shot at Mclemore who is a perfect fit.
trizzo23::hornets want another sg lottery pick? 3 of them? dont they have rivers and gordon?
Omg its Darius::So Gordan gets a max contract and doesn't get the ball at the end  ONCE AGAIN FIRE MONTY FIRE MONTY FIRE MONTY FIRE MONTY
mojart::don't forget vasquez played i want to be the hero again......
Omg its Darius::Like always
netdawg8::Dude, calm down. We've kept Brow Brow out a week longer than need be, and shut Smith down when he has been playing throught the injury all year. We're tanking.
Omg its Darius::I never did like Monty I mean I barely see any improvement and he doesn't know how to develop talent I feel he will mess up Davis and Rivers in the long run
mojart::TANK MODE.....
cboy4201::fuc u n.o.
TheMagicFanGuy::Good game Hornets! Should be interesting to see these teams grow over the next few seasons.
RBush21B::Yes, I watch basketball, a lot, and know about upsets. Doesn't mean that my comment was incorrect. Losing at home to the Magic, is a joke.
RBush21B::A lot more then you have I bet. I'm saying a home loss to the Magic is a complete joke. Idiot.
TheMagicFanGuy::And he's saying that you don't know basketball, because its an 82 game season and even the bad teams win sometimes. Guess what? He's right.
RBush21B::Good game hornets? Any team that loses to the Magic is a joke, and a home loss is just horrendous.
JoeBoxer249::is this the first time you've watched the NBA?
iiMKenny::Shoot... you should be happy.
iiMKenny::lol you mad your team lost?
cboy4201::shut the hell up idiot
TheMagicFanGuy::Go screw yourself.
Clutch Klutz::Probably lost a lot of money. What an idiot
Loyal Sports Fan::lol why?
Poor Oregon::So much tanking
TheCronoMasterMind::Alright, we beat the Pelicans!
TheCrazey::of course hornets screw me over.. why wouldnt they
cboy4201::they got me too
Clutch Klutz::Wow, how did this happen? NOLA sucks...
npourasef::Wtf happened???  Nickel on the under and walked away at half....
npourasef::I'm f'in speechless. There was 81 pts scored in 1st half
TampaBayVol::Wish Harrington was healthy and playing like this before the deadline!
Magic are better than you::GG Hornets!  Go magic!!
yanksonfire27::I had the Magic winning this one btw. Never in doubt really.
StopthePlay::good effort nola
Elton7323::gg both teams you all almost gave me a heart attack
