pastelpaul::I remember the experts when the Mavs were 0-3 and getting thumped as well. Carlisle is a very good and underrated coach, taking a bunch of new players and creating a new and powerful team. Odom is getting a bit better and Vince Carter is showing some of the talent he's always had. Mavs are starting to roll as Dirk is getting into shape and playing well. They are a deep team and certainly a threat to repeat in the West. The Thunder is going to find beating them a challenge in the playoffs. Memphis is not as strong and Lakers a bit erratic. Spurs looking good as well.
jc_sooner::Mavs are definitely playing better now, but what was wrong with the criticism they were getting at the beginning of the year?  They were playing awful.  Because they played so awful at the beginning of the year, it may cost them a spot or two in their playoff seed.
IBlameJames::Nowitzanity!
grapenutz78::Iguodala u are the leader of this team....SCORE POINTS!!!!
FLA247::and people thought Dirk shouldn't be an all-star again?
BeezyBates::He's baaa-aaack!
STProcks23::After last night's game, Dwayne Wade was being interviewed and bumped his lip into the microphone..thankfully, they had a wheelchair near the court.
FLA247::How long will he be out for?
BeezyBates::1-2 weeks.
STProcks23::Hey Raven, I would rather have Dirk's smile than Lebron's hairline. James looks like an old Greg Oden.
World Champs t y Dirk::I think if Odom gets to full potential we have serious legitimate shot.  Kudos to V. Carter.  I slammed him for lack of hustle and being a ball hog.  He has taken on a new personality this year.  Team Player, Buying into this Defense and really being an assett.
BeezyBates::I was a bit worried about Carter myself. Turns out to have been a great move. He's really stepping up and playing better then the past few years.
FLA247::He didn't have to be the man in Orlando... Howard pulled his weight and so did several other players... he just needed to be a good role player... chemistry is everything though...
FLA247::Too bad he couldn't do that for Orlando...
World Champs t y Dirk::He doesnt have the pressure of being the man here.
Tdogz97::The sixers are quickly losing all that hype they had in the beginning of the year
jc_sooner::What a Shock.   They finally started playing teams that weren't bottom feeders in the East.  Sixers have been the biggest fraud of this entire season.
WddNews.com::Here come the Mavericks.  The playoffs out west this year will be very interesting with anyone of 5-6 teams emerging and going to the finals to play either the Bulls or Heat.
World Champs t y Dirk::Healthy Mavs are very deep.  I cant beleive our team D.  Rick Carlisle is a genius
boudz::Sixers are not ready for the big boy games yet
rustyburg::Seriously?  The Mavs held them to 24 second half points and couldn't win by double digits. Are they a championship caliber team...I don't believe so, but to say they're not ready for the "big boy games yet" shows your lack of knowledge about the sport.
turboman101::Dallas was without several key contibutors to the offense.
udubuci7079::Sixers were 1-14 from 3 point range, thats 7.1%, not good at all.
jerrymmm::I hate when headlines are used to make the mundane seem  fantastic.  One could surmise from the headline that the Mavs had a phenominal outburst to steal the game in the waning moments.  The Manss acyually ereased the deeficit in the third quarter and cruised.
WatkinsUSMC::hahahhaahah sorry azzzzzzzz 76erss!!!!! GO MAGIC!!!!!
Travis Berger::I like girls, not transvestites or men, so i dont care how he looks. he was the best player last year in the playoffs
AParcell123::he was the best player in the world last night.
Travis Berger::I like girls, not transvestites or men, so i dont care how he looks. he was the best player last year in the playoffs
Duke of NY A1::Would anyone be surprised if Dirk decided to become a woman after his NBA career?
STProcks23::Dirk is my favorite NBA player, but is dude throwing up Bavarian gang signs?
STProcks23::Most of the Dirk haters are that way for ONE REASON, and it is pretty sad. The guys who feel that way would be the first to blame _____________ for every problem in their lives.
IBlameJames::LeBron's fault
raven.5200::If he was black people would be calling him a showboat and a thug.
World Champs t y Dirk::the hater thread is over on the lebron story.  Not this one
raven.5200::and queer
AParcell123::But he's not black so it makes him cool and fun.
Travis Berger::sixers will be the sixth seed
drdlh1::There are enough bad teams left on their schedule were that won't happen. Plus, everyone after the Heat and Bulls is a toss up for seeding and some still play down to their competition. The Sixers beat teams they are supposed to beat. At worst, Sixers will be the #4 seed.
AParcell123::are you sure?
Travis Berger::sixers will be the sixth seed
JimmyJohn9999999::Dirk Nowitzki appears to be goofy looking.  Kind of like Cuban.
jaybob020271::Dallas will eLINimate the Knicks next....
raven.5200::The Dallas Globetrotters. Dirk hit some circus shots last night.
nba is the worst::Quite the 2nd half, eh sixers fans?
MirBay_Watson::I don't. I blame the lack of post play, which could be ANY number of people: Collins for not emphasising it, Iggy, Brand, Holiday for not driving to the hole and taking AWEFULL shots.
jaybob020271::spellcheck
mmostello::But you just also blamed Iggy for not driving to the basket.
mmostello::ha ha. 24 points. I blame Iguodala.
zipitedodaz 1::words
zipitedodaz 1::ok mavs play the Lakers on Wednesday, Celtics on Monday and Knicks on Sunday. I feel a 9 game win streak coming for the red hot mavs!!! with no delonte west needed..
nascar-car14::dirk looks alot like a $@%!
MirBay_Watson::I'm going to say this again....the reality of the Sixers is this: they need better POST play, not some "Superstar" guard jacking up more shots. They are WAAAAAY too many jump shooters on this team already. NO ONE drives to the basket to create easy % shots, more open players, and generate more fouls. I'm not sure what's going on with Jrue these days, but Doug and the assistants need to get to the bottom of this quick. This type of game ALWAYS justifies me saying that DeMarcus Cousins was the right pick all along over E. Turner. Not that Turner's a bad player - he isn't - but he wasn't NEEDED on this team. This team needs more bodies on the inside, and Cousins - headcase or no - would've fit that TO A TEE, but Snyder and Stefanski got scared out of their wits and went with the "safe" pick in the 2010 draft.   Since Elton Brand doesn't want to assert himself in the post anymore, a trade needs to be made to get a quality big man who will. Why LaVoy Allen was left on the bench in the 4th is still a mystery to me. Between him and Vuc, they made a pretty decent center spot. At this point, no sense of waiting for Spencer to come back, we just gotta move foward with these two rookies, who are learning on the fly and doing a pretty good job.   I know Dallas are the defending champs, but the 2nd half was the WORST half I've seen the Sixers play all season on O. And the funny thing is, the Sixers ONLY HAD 8 TOs for the game, despite the diasterous 3rd Q. Defensively, they lived up to their billing, holding Dallas to 85 overall and shutting down everyone not named Dirk. This definitely should've been a win, though.    Respect to Dallas, Dirk came through and brought them back.  I'm not panicking over a loss, cause the Sixers still hold the cards in the Atlantic. But this type of play CANNOT last.
jblack0305::Don't forget that Dallas is #1 in NBA in FG% defense.  It may be surprising to many, but the proof was in the pudding last night.
mmostello::Could the Sixers address the big man issue by freeing up $ by using amnesty on Brand this off-season and trading Igoudala?
mmostello::Nice "all star" effort out of Iguodala. 10 points? He can't find a way to get to 18 points when they need him too?
zipitedodaz 1::champs are just too good at D
Texasgirl6200::Defense killed ya'll.  24 2nd half points.  That speaks volumes.  Move on mmostello.
mmostello::Bull. The Sixers threw away a lead. And the champs don't hold teams to 48 points a game. All the Sixers needed to do was have a 32 point half to win. I think that isn't asking a lot. Bad loss. If Dallas went and shot the lights out and beat the Sixers 95-88, I'd not be complaining.
raven.5200::Old horseteeth needs to tone it down a little.
BigDSportsCowboysMavs::haha the poor pathetic loser heat fan is back to troll on mavs board
zipitedodaz 1::the heat need more super stars if they are going to win it all
raven.5200::Dirk is really acting like a $@%! lately.
Felicia Bachoo::sixers had 24 ...2nd half points, is that RIGHT? ......I guess the Mavs D is coming around
raven.5200::Poor execution by Philly, nothing more.
KDawg372::Hogwash. Dallas has the best defense in the league.
zipitedodaz 1::1st in FG defense
billyblackwood::Philly needs Hawes back yesterday, awful without a potent big.
BigPage24::sorry $@% philadelphia cost me 640 dollars this game
KevinDurant35TXLonghorn::Great win for the Mavs even without Roddy, Jet, and West. This sixers team is pretty good to and only lacks a superstar from contending. As of right now, the Sixers have proved they are pretenders rather then contenders by scoring only 24 points in the half. go mavs
zipitedodaz 1::roddy hasnt been doing to good anyway. he needs to be more consistent.
jblack0305::We should have traded Roddy B last year at the deadline when his value was still high.  He's worth a 2nd round pick at best now.
KevinDurant35TXLonghorn::Yea we might have to trade him in the deadline if he doesn't improve but roddy has lots of potential. He needs to learn from JKIDD that his job is to distribute the ball to everyone on the court and taking the ball inside instead of taking jump shots all day.
BigDSportsCowboysMavs::Mavs vs 76er Rapid Reaction  http://espn.go.com/blog/dallas/mavericks/post/_/id/4685236/rapid-reaction-mavs-82-76ers-75
dfwsportsguru::What does Chuck Barkley have to say about Dirk now? Oh, that's right, he's washed up. Father time always wins I suppose, unless father time gets beat in the rear by a 7-foot German who actually knows how to take a team to the finals on his back and win. Sorry Charles. I know you are jealous of Dirk, but he is a far better all around player on his worst day than you were in your prime, even if you played against infants. Dirk is a freaking God.
zipitedodaz 1::father time bro. dirk is washed up yo
zipitedodaz 1::i am.. thats what barkley said
BigDSportsCowboysMavs::I thought you were a Mavs fan bro
klesk80::Made huge bucks on Dallas..=) Recovered the lost i had on the Portland.... Portland game still gives me a heart attack~!
Timmmyy::why did vucevic who shot 7 for 8 only play 19 minutes?
jacrabtree2::for the haters dirks been nursing  a knee injury which has caused him to be out of game shape that is why rick gave him time off earlier this year. now that his knee has gotten better his shot has returned his 18pts a game avg is just an illusion he is returning to form his last 6 games he is over 21pts a game. and to call this team irrelevant  is truly a mistake. considering how wide open the west is the mavs have just as good a shot at getting to the western conference finals as any of the top teams in the west. and consider this they went into philly a place where the 76ers rarely lose this year and beat a team while having a beat up roster.
kweezy619::wow, this was the best they could put on tv? the mavs and the sixers? 2 teams with less chance of mattering come june than the hawks and the clippers? jason terry wins dirk a ring and now we gotta put the jew hater on tv every freakin game.
AndrusROY82::Kweezy believe me you are ignorant fo sheezy.  Your knowledge of the game is so  below me.My only request is you get on your knees and $%^&amp; me
BeezyBates::Whoa you sound really mad bro ....u mad?  Also, you're a disrespectful dick. Get outta here with that stuff.
BigDSportsCowboysMavs::Yea I could say the same thing about Kobe. Yea he raped a few girls or to in his time but I don't care. I might not like him as a person but I do respect his game.
Bona5871::Just because he's German, he's a jew hater? FYI, not all Germans during Hitler's time were Nazis and not everyone hated jews. Stop involving race in your statements. Some of us appreciate basketball because of the game and not because of where the player comes from.
BigDSportsCowboysMavs::lol this D-Bag is a Hawks FAN AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. I would feel bad to if I had to support a F;ing losing franchise like the hawks. The entire city of Atlanta is a dump. How about you stop hating and just stop wasting valuable internet space with that loser comment
stickgril::and if he changed his support, you would call him a bandwagon fan..looks like you need to do a little growing up BigD
BigDSportsCowboysMavs::Seems like your an Atlanta fan brattboy99. Only meant to talk sh.it about atlanta because kweezy was talking trash about the Mavs. I have nothing against Atlanta
BigDSportsCowboysMavs::Look at my username smart one
brattboy99::BigDSportsCowboysMavs created an ESPN Profile! on 2/16/2012 at 1:40 AM  Just realized the Mavs are in Dallas?
BigDSportsCowboysMavs::Are you a Hawks fan?
Dirk2XMVP::I'm so glad I'm a Mavs fan. This team has been a consistent winner for 11 consecutive years and always relevant. Dirk is unstoppable and if it wasn't for this lockout, Dirk would be starting the year scoring 25+. Go NBA World Champ Dallas Mavericks!!!
NowitzkiHasAlwaysOwnedGarnett::Name one year this past decade they weren't relevant
kweezy619::first off, they always have good records, but are almost never relevant. secondly, dirk is far from unstoppable, as his little 18 pt average says. and third, that is the dumbest name ever. dirk will NEVER be a 2 time mvp
stickgril::is that the same one you came out of.
Bona5871::first off, being a playoff contender for 11 years makes them relevant. secondly, dirk's average will be going higher as the season goes on. and third, Dirk is already a 2time MVP
BigDSportsCowboysMavs::What is F"ing wrong with you. Dirk won the Mvp in 2007 and won the Finals mvp dumb sh.it. Go back to your closet where you belong
zipitedodaz 1::the basket is messed up! mavs suck the 1st half. 6ers suck the 2nd half....lol
kweezy619::sixers just suck period. idgaf what the record is, thats a lackluster team
BLACKROME100::Can Philly please stop talking the Holiday will be a Super Star talk. Please. Before the Sixers turn him into the Iggy of PG's.   A player paid like they are top 10 when they are barely top 10 at their position.
kweezy619::i agree with everything except that last sentence. " a player paid like they are top 10 when they are barely top 10 at their postion"...nobody has ever said iggy or holiday were top 10 overall players, they mean at their positions. and if they are "barely top 10" as you say, isnt that still top 10? and as far as the pay goes, everyone in the nba is overpaid.
drac1100::Not kidding here but I have no idea who idea who Holiday even is.
PortlandBlazers1004::Dirk scored 24 in the 2nd half. Sixers scored 24 in the 2nd half. I guess he's back.
laztancient::It says he was playing Sacramento... The worst defensive team in the league. The Sixers are number 1 in the league in scoring defense and Dirk still got to his spot and dominated them the whole game. And yes I say the whole game because he just wasn't getting shots to fall in the first half, but he was getting the shots he wanted and it wasn't like they were really contested. He was just leaving them short in the first half.
kweezy619::you guessed wrong. rodney stuckey had 16 in the 1st quarter tonight. whats that say about him?
AndrusROY82::kweezy makes me quesay...his lack of knowledge come easy...take it deep
Bona5871::we don't know, why don't you tell us?
Cornerback Jam::No chance against the elite teams.
kweezy619::sixers and mavs.....eat that ELITE TEAM a s s
AndrusROY82::kweezy...take it deep scrub
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::The 76'ers have no chance against elite teams. I know. We're one.
rustyburg::There's not an "untouchable" on this Philly team.
kweezy619::but they seem to think they could flip 3 of these scrub punks for d12...
AndrusROY82::kweezy...take it deep buster
cheeseheadr78::dang only 8 pts in the 3rd?? what happend philly
tlightner909::Marion's defense...if you were watching.  And Dirk shooting.
Xeno75::Kweezy is Trolling! I thought that was obvious...
AndrusROY82::kweezy...take it deep
BeezyBates::I've been reading your comments and have come to the conclusion that you're a dumb $@% kweezy
Bona5871::you're clearly not a fan of either team, so what are you doing here?
kweezy619::dirks shooting doesnt have anything to do with philly not scoring idiot. and marion cant guard all 5. its cuz philly SUCKS
Frank Reynolds 5::Two euros were the scoring leaders
kweezy619::thats good, cuz its all euros are good for
AndrusROY82::Kweezy is a broke weezy
choate_sedition::There might be a finals rematch
kweezy619::the d league finals maybe
zags 79::Lol
wrecko22::24 points in the second half  at one point no scoring for 8 minutes   these games are so fixed it's almost becoming comical
Bona5871::I don't think you can influence how a player shoots the ball or if it goes through or not.
nicholasduke23::lol.  ....lol.
