Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::lookout for this Hornets cellar dweller juggernaut..theyre creeping up to dallas in wins..they might be guilty by association as far as suckiness goes..ahahah
4480William::Carlisle designed a great gameplan to take the ball out of Austin Rivers' hands and not let the sensational rookie beat them.
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::carlisle cant control his own personnel a la Tyson and J Barea and even Jet Terry..stupid Mavs ownership broke up a championship squad!  i blame Cuban for being dumb.
dm mav::how tf did this happen!
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::ROFL because Cuban does not make smart decision all the time like you thought he would!!  aka Tyson and JJ Barea jilting..
paynekiller15::Davis got into early foul trouble apparently
LilDwayne21::Dallas lost to New Orleans in OT. #WACK
Bookiebreaker48::DUNNO WHY THY DIDNT PLAY BRAND
Bookiebreaker48::I BLAME THIS LOST ON THE COACH FOR HAVING MAYO PLAYING IN OT.....
Beanslams46::Cuban's 13 years of pain continue.
Dogcatcher76::Austin river really needs to improved his shooting.
akawinegeek::what gives?  anyone have any insider info as to why Anthony Davis only played 12 minutes?
Kobelies247::When your BEST player is VC, you know you got PROBS.....
Neil826::both pathetic teams, at least the hornets can blame david stern.  the mavs are just bad.
Bookiebreaker48::I GOTTA ASK WHY WAS OJ MAYO TAKING SHOTS AFTER SHOTS IN OVERTIME?
Big_time_sports_knowledge::My team is first in the conference, and the defending champion so why do i take so much pleasure in watching Dallas lose...i think its the way they celebrated on our floor or those funny shirts they made after they won...man those two franchises sure went their seperate ways after that finals matchup
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::^^ butt hurt for life ^^
Rip City Forever::Butt hurt^^^
claiborne41::clutch. This separates terry from mayo.. smh
.cha cha chia.::Davis hurt or something?
heardhimsay::Hope little E stays healthy.  He's really making a difference.
ChicagoSingh::So this is what a board with two terrible teams looks like. Cool.
eddiegunns::Davis 12 min?
Danamarie83::Eric Gordon struggled tonight and doesn't have his legs underneath him, but he came through when the team needed him the most.   Both Gordon and Dirk Nowitzki are still shaking off a lot of rust. It's going to take some time.
earlealston::After the game, Vasquez went back to the 10th level. With THOUSANDS of battle droids.....
MuayThai20::Mavs are terrible.
Big_time_sports_knowledge::no the whole team is...without mayo yall would  have 4 wins
Bookiebreaker48::MAVS ARE NOT TERRIBLE OJ MAYO IS
MisterGIGGLE::Anyone know why Anthony Davis only played 12 minutes?
Smoofsig::Why did Davis only play 12 minutes? Anyone know?
akawinegeek::me too---what gives with Anthony only playing 12 minutes?
MisterGIGGLE::you must have him too on your fantasy league...lol
poolboy20::Glad to see VC putting up some decent numbers
Kobrick and the fakers are older::BUT 22-11 BEFORE THIS SEASON IF THEY ASKED TO A WARRIORS FAN THEY WOULD LIKE .
Moski87::Good Game Mavs. Hope to have more games like this between the two of us.  Holla. I'm out!
Dogs. Banned.::Wtf dallas?
Kobrick and the fakers are older::CLIPPERS= CHAMPIONSHIP TEAM FAKERS=LOTERY TEAM
bshowers79::The Clippers will not win the championship.
Kobrick and the fakers are older::GOOD NUGGETS, TOMORROW BEAT THE FAKERS
Chargers_4_Sale::It was a good rivalry, but the Mavs su ck now. - Thunder fan
MafiosoSpaghetti::sad, but true.
saintswhoaday::Im out y'all. Great and exciting game Mavs. Peace
Novoodoo4409::It's Just one win, but man, nothing better than beating a Dallas team...lmao...saints own cowgirls too..lmao ....
fullmetalx117::And what is the record for New Orleans pelicans? And how did the bounty saints do this year?
IAMpunter0926::cabin in the woods is a cool movie. and im out.
IAMpunter0926::5.5 line this game
saintswhoaday::Vasquez flirted with a triple double. Filled the stat sheet nicely.
Stephen A. Smith. VOR::JUST TANK THE DAMN SEASON U BUMS
fullmetalx117::Who will be the star in this draft? Narlens Noel? There is no one. Only a Duncan caliber player would make tanking worth it.
saintswhoaday::The Gordon play should be on top ten...
Moski87::I hope it makes Sportscenter tonight. Crazy And-1
ac132f::Time to tank for whatever good that would do
saintswhoaday::When Gordon shakes off the rust, watch out.
IRV7576::Dallas -5
makav03@yahoo.com::fk ...they didn't cover...meeeeeeeeeeeeeen $@%!..my mom is about to kik me out of the house...i did everything to stay but fail to pay my rent cause of gambling......lost on cinci....lost on hallas...fk
makav03@yahoo.com::what's the spreds on this game....no vs dalla
IAMpunter0926::when dirk shakes of rust watch out
GeorgeTownDC29::Vasquez and Davis are the future of the Hornets. Ryan Anderson is alright and Eric Gordon is over-rated
ac132f::Damn Carlisle sucks hes got bench warmers in the game halfway through the 4th
makav03@yahoo.com::spreds...spreds...spreds....please
Delonte East::Looking how the Mavs are playing will this be Dirks last season?
transformerboy1::Damn i hope not!
saintswhoaday::Vasquez is the man
IAMpunter0926::Dallas will win at utah next game
Orange-Blooded::This is a chat board for Hornets vs. Mavericks.
IAMpunter0926::I can like my own posts too see
fullmetalx117::Then lose to clips. And we don't even know about Utah...
Stephen A. Smith. VOR::LOL
makav03@yahoo.com::anyone...anybody...somebody....what about you right there...yeah you...what you readin'what's the spreads on this game???? ask the guy next to you...hello...ring...ring...ring...oh men...
ac132f::Why would Cuban care hes just gonna sit back and count the dough
Novoodoo4409::When did Jim Carey start coaching the Mavs?
IamThFEAR::Let's put talent a side for a min, could Rick leaving be the easiest change for Cuban at this point?  You give me those players I'll scrape out a .500 record.
