Chad Wiggins::inexcusable for the refs to miss that...
Chad Wiggins::cheating ace refs in the final 12 secs missed a lane violation, a foul, a goal tend, and foul on a three... not one call.... smh endings like this make me think the nba still has a few crooks calling games
Christopher Paul Bowen::Dear lord can you cry any more? Blame the twolves for playing no defense and klove for not showing up til it was too late. You really think the refs are interested in making sure the nuggets win? get real
Christopher Paul Bowen::By the way if that was a foul on the three you would have 9nly had 0.5 seconds left to get the ball back...no chance
Tommy Wrzesinski::If you would have had that 25 point lead like all you minny fans said you would win by than the last 12 seconds wouldn't have been a problem.
Evanezer Scrooge::so we recap 5 scoring plays by MIN before even mentioning DEN? that sounds about even. GG ESPN.
Nikola Peckovic>Chuck Norris::the fact that u miss that stupid call on miller is inexcusible.......DF
Preston Gadling::They weren't calling fouls on Denver all night anyways so idk why you'd be surprised. There were numerous moving screens that were blatantly ignored
Colin Uza::Bricky Brickio at it again. 0-5, bottom line is that the guy is a horrible shooter
Urk Hana::Highlight package of Timberwolves losing includes highlights of Timberwolves scoring in near exclusivity.  Makes sense.
Christopher Paul Bowen::Rubio and Brewer each miss like 5 wide open bunnies and you want to blame the officials? When you play the nuggets I assure you the refs have no interest. Keep reaching
John Martin::Rubio is shooting less than 37% for his career., All the opposition has to do is let him shoot when he has the ball.
Michael Maiorano::a pillowfight with two of the worst franchises in the NBA.  Twolves never make the playoffs and the nuggets lose in the first round every year YAWN
Eric Youmans::Given your lack of interest, I'm intrigued as to why you're spending your valuable time commenting here...
James Foster::Twolves have a young squad, young squads take a while to click, and then you combine a mass amount of injuries...Twolves make the playoffs this year, they could even "upset" a team or two.
Rob Horton::Go watch something else
Nate Stein::I love watching the Manimal whenever the Wolves and Nuggets play. He doesnt deem to take many shots in his games against MN though, and has only scored more than  4 pts twice in his 4 games against Minnesota last season, breaking double digits once. In his rookie year he was in double digits every game against us. He is great on the glass, but the PF advantage has to go to K-Love who is playing like a MVP right now. At pg we have the two best PG's drafted by MN in the first round of the '09 draft. In hindsight Lawson is so much better than Flyn. However as good as Lawson is, Ricky is on fire right now and could put up another triple double. Ill take K-Mart over Foye. Brewer over Hamilton, and Pek over Hickson. I just dont see DEN winning this one the way the Wolves are playing. Min 112-DEN 100
Dave Houle::Thats b/c he is either guarding Love, Dante or Pek...neither of whom he has an advantage over.  LOL sorry dude but Rubio is better than Lawson hands down.  I'm hoping this one is another blowout so the 2nd group gets more PT and a chance to figure things out.
Nate Stein::Dave Houle you didnt read my comment did you?
Austin Moore::Dave Houle rubio lol
Mike Manderfeld::Minnesota is a Much Better Team than Denver!   I have watched every one of their games this year & They were Flat from minute One...and They Still Kept it Close...Enough Said..................
Jason Piñón::Much better teams don't get shown up like that. The Nuggets have been without Chandler up until these last two games and he dropped 19 points in 20 minutes tonight - don't underestimate an ailing team at almost full strength (still missing Gallo)
Christopher Paul Bowen::Nuggets aren't as good as last year but two of our starters are out and we still won. Much better? Probably not. Klove or Rubio will get hurt and be out for the season like always and this team will miss the playoffs again. Every year the Twolves start like this and then slump big time.
Scott Hellickson::I agree, the Timberwolves are a very good team this year.  You can't go and say that a team is not very good purely because they lost a game.  Both teams are entertaining to watch, and it certainly came as advertised, despite the flat play for the wolves.  Regardless of how good a team is in the NBA these days, there will always be games where they play perhaps a bit flat and lose.  Contrary to one of the posts above, the wolves definitely do *not* always start out their seasons  like this.  In fact, there were seasons where they often won only 10 to 12 games the whole year without a good start, and recently would struggle out of the gate, but would have a strong showing in January or so.  The additions they have made have yielded a very good core that keeps improving.  Personally, I don't care if Ricky Rubio doesn't score large amounts of points each game (though I would like at least 10, heh).  I want him to have high numbers of assists and manage the floor well instead.  The timberwolves don't need more offensive help, they already average 108.2 points a game.  They need to improve on defense, not the offense.
John Martin::Love is a definite MVP candidate but Wolves sitll look a little short of being a serious contender. Rubio did not score a single point. Love needs offensive help.
Nik Budig::Wolves ranked 4th in the league with a terrible bench... All we need is budinger back and hopefully Dieng and Muhammad to bring their first round talent and the Wolves will be a dangerous team.
Dave Houle::Buddinger will be a great addition when he gets back, which should be before the end of the year and then he should be fully back--in shape, back in form by the end of january.  Dieng just needs to play better D, when Turiaf gets back in a week or so, he won't be getting any PT.  Shabazz won't get any meaningful PT at all this season, he has no clue of how to play right now and Adelman doesn't play rookies.  Shved is the one i'm concerned about, dude has looked lost, lethargic, and just not interested so far.  I expected more after a year of experience and a summer to work on his game.  Dante is also in a bit of a shooting slump.
Nik Budig::Dave Houle I think we could package Williams and Shved for a good shooting 6th man. Hopefully J.J can pick his game up and would another good shooter off the bench
Firstclass Zoom::good young team so far
Andrew Koch::Nice having a guy like Kevin Martin on our team. What a great signing. Finally a legitimate threat from deep and not someone who is streaky.
Ethan Emmel::Martin and brewer were great pick ups
Scott Hellickson::Yes, what an incredible signing.  Its great to see Brewer back as well, and notably playing much better than when he was here last time.
John Olson::Same as Cleveland game. Lose Away and then crush them at home
Paul Cordova::Denver wins, but you couldn't tell by the highlight
Rob Horton::Andre "CHEATER" Miller.....
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Kevin Love definitely is playing like an MVP
Zach Bergland::Most Valuable Pansy.
Colin Uza::Lol at the people telling me yesterday that it was acceptable for Brickio to be terrible at shooting and scoring if he dishes and gets some steals. The guy went 0-5 for 0 points. Bottom line is that is not an acceptable performance from an NBA level point guard.  And the delusional Wolves fans will try to spin it into a positive.  Sure he had 12 assists, but he also had 5 turnovers and 2 or 3 of those assists were in the final few minutes when the Nuggets had the game under control.  This kid needs to learn how to actually shoot a basketball because he is just plain terrible at it.  It is getting to the point where players can just back off of him.
Zach Bergland::Corey Brewer isn't allowed to call for the ball anymore unless every opponent is at the other basket.  He calls for the ball in double teams or heavily guarded.  They either aren't delivered because he is guarded or he fumbles the ball or misses layups like he usually does.  They need to play Williams more.  We have no transition game.  We have no finishers around the basket except the very talented player Williams on the bench.  Misses another layup.  Brewer is not an NBA starter.
John Osaki Jr.::Check out the "Great" Kevin Love in Blake Griffin's chapter in the new edition 2013 book NBA's 50 Greatest, http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/149096875X/ref=mp_s_a_1_1?qid=1383693074&sr=8-1&pi=SY200
Mike Manderfeld::What in the Hell would Blake Griffin know about the 50 Greatest!!!!  He wasn't Even Born when I was watching the NBA on Sunday afternoons with Bill Russell, Bob Cousy, Wilt Chamberlain, Elgin Baylor, Oscar Robertson, Jerry West, John Havlicek, et al...As in All Sports, at that moment in time, THEY WERE the BEST.........
Jesse Huber::For the last 18 months or so, Minnesota fans have been talking about how good the Wolves would be if they could get Love, Rubio, and Pek on the floor, healthy, and together. Everyone laughed at us and said we were stupid. So guess what? We're laughing now.
Chad Wiggins::good for u guys. now see if they can play anything that resembles defense tonight
Jesse Huber::Chad Wiggins Of course we can't but that's ok. We'll drop 115+ on Denver. We still can't really defend well, but what Adelman team could? The point is here, we were right and EVERYONE in America was wrong for saying that we couldn't compete. They said we were making excuses about the injuries.
Chad Wiggins::Jesse Huber ;-)
Zach Bergland::Wolves are embarrassing.  They should feel like little girls right now because they aren't hustling and are doing everything half-assed.  What a joke.  Love is basically conceding layups to Faried.  What a pansy.
Christopher Paul Bowen::If miller crossing the line before it hit the rim was a violation then rubio gets one too. Also on the next free throw rubio crosses early again. They never call that in the nba you only choose to cry about it when klove doesnt box out
Chad Wiggins::wont every make this mistake... minnesota absolutely folds when they play against athletes.... they get murdered....faried making love and pek look weak down low
Shaun Mitts::Pretty Laughable that ESPN Analysts said Minnesota are contenders when   Knicks beat better teams last year during their 6-0 streak to start the season. Media hype at its best.
