clevelandbuffalo::z
manimarf09::Hinrich putting up Rose-esque numbers.
Crawbone007::Steph was a no show after that Allstar snub.
parafal::just need TAJ GIBSON to get his 8-12 pts and 6-8 reb on a more consistent basis. Hinrich, Robinson, Gibson and Butler could shape up nicely as a bench come post season lacking post depth tho
sean8567::hey
sean8567::ok
23Mister::Captain Kirk!
Original_Rick::3 Double Doubles. Sweet.
nargash::Bulls should release Rip and start Butler..!!
parafal::plus you would still owe Rip money against the cap so whats the point?
c_dime::shut-up no. you need his experience come playoff time. maybe next year when rip's contract expires.
Rook_217::The difference in this game was merely the first quarter.  The Dubs out scored the Bulls the rest of the way (albeit only by two points). But as Thibs always says... Gotta play all four!  Go Bulls!!!!  Oh and the wife totally called me out on my man crush for Jimmy Butler...Guilty as charged!!!
Nelsonsackers::So? What was the final score? Hahahaha. You cant slack off in one quarter! Lol
Rook_217::My point exactly...glad ur following along!
Windy City Stand Up::Not in the third. It was split half-half for the quarters.
Rook_217::The total score for the remaining quarters...74 (GS) - 72 (CHI)
ddd007ddd::d only real threat to Miami is d Bulls,i c an  c an eastern conference finals btw BULLS&amp;HEAT,a 50/50 game;but Bulls advantage,wt a deeper bench
Sportaddition1314::You're all dumb...except giangir...IT'S THE REGULAR SEASON! These games don't mean anything. I hope the Bulls can compete with the Heat but a 7 game series is going to be difficult...especially since Rose won't be his old self until probably next season. Keep dreaming this year boys. The Bulls are notorious for getting our hopes up and squeezing the life out of you with gut wrenching loses in the playoffs.
ddd007ddd::Bulls vs Miami recent encounter,bulls won;just Bulls better now,they r playing a team basketball now not just relying on one person,with dt kind of attitude,they will go very very far
giangir::I agree Bulls with a healthy Rose are the only threat to Miami. But 50/50 chance and Bulls have the advantage please.  2011 Miami dismantled the Bulls with Lebron just shutting down Rose in crunch time.  This Heat team is better than the one in 2011.  This Bulls team is not as good even with a healthy rose as 2011, having lost key reserves like Asik, Korver for outside shooing, and Brewer who was excellent defensively on Wade.  Don't forget that in 2010 Lebron as a Cav with a worst team also dismantled the Bulls in 5.
Windy City Stand Up::The Bulls have improved since two years ago. With key additions at PG so they can give D-Rose a break, you will see a well rested Rose. Also, at Shooting Guard I'd take Belinelli/Rip over Brewer/Bogans any day. At SF Deng has improved by leaps and bounds, and Butler's a better defender than even Ronnie Brewer was, plus some offense. At PF we've seen Boozer become better and Taj remain about the same. At Center Joakim is an all star, and a well deserved one. Taj and Nazr can split the backup time.
CAROLINAANNIE::The Warriors shot their way out of this game early.  Only 12 assists versus 11 TOs.  Curry/Jack/Thompson need to stop reading their press and actually set up the TEAM to score.   And where was the defense.  No disrespect, but Kirk Hinrich punked Curry and Jack.
ahwickman::I see the Lakers finally won a game.
trombonebiker69::Luv My Bulls!
superman253540::Everyone's right (especially you Jeff Van Gundy)  the Bulls are terrible without Derrick Rose.  I mean look at them only in third place in their conference.  I mean these guys suck.
CandySparker::Cutey Kirk
Theironrod2012::Jimmy Butler &gt; Deng  Also Ben Gordan was a wayyyyyyy better scorer then Stephen Curry, If you give Ben Gordan 38 minutes per game he would average 30 points a game curry can only avg 20. WTF the bulls and the Detroit pistons killed his career. lol at less he making his money though
c_dime::Jimmy Butler is not better than deng. What are you smoking? They are both great on-ball defenders; but if i had to pick between the two to take the last shot, it would definitely NOT be Butler..
Jaime Lanister::Bulls killed his career?  Uh no the Bulls gave him a lot of minutes even though he played ZERO defense.  Pistons did it
mosquito_byte::Liked  bc I love Jamie Lannister
Theironrod2012::no bulls had him coming off the bench in which he got a 6 man award then later started but never for a full season, plus Curry avg 38 minutes and he garbage in defense. The bulls and pistons just murdered his career lol I don't even think ben gordan ever avg 38 minutes a game. I think if Ben Gordon ever got star treatment, we would of avg 30 a game.
fairandbalanced00::So, you bull fans are talking smack again because of winning a few games, been quiet for a while, so you really think you can take the Heatles in a 7game series?? MIAMI whooped you guys with a healthy rose, remember?? Why is it so different now??
drdre1::EXPERIENCE! THATS WHATS DIFFERENT
Nelsonsackers::This bulls team is way better than the one in 2011. Miami is atrocious on rebounding, bulls can win a game right from that. Miami ie not as good this year. On paper yes, but there defense and rebounding is awful and the bulls beat them without rose...this bulls team will be better when rose comes back.
c_dime::WOW. Keep talking.  How is it that the Heat with  A HEALTHY CORE is ONLY 3 games ahead of the Bulls who at times have played without Deng and Rose and at all times without Rose.  Heat should be blowing away the competition; instead the Bulls have a chance to overtake the Heat WITHOUT Rose.
cubs4life1987::Haha oh little Miami fans think they need to come on the Chicago board with their "Heatles" talk. Go away your not welcomed here, we know you all are concerned when DROSE comes back.
Jaime Lanister::uhhhhhh that 2011 team is not as good as this one for sure
yardog59::^^^Heat fans since 2010^^^
fairandbalanced00::Had the best record in the NBA with rose and your so called mob bench and is not as good as this bulls team?? Pleeease!!
sportsnu36::NY baller,why the hell are you on here?Did'nt the Bulls already smack your overrated Knicks around 3 times?
noble sheeter::wow did the bulls just beat up on one of the so so tough westurn con-ference teams that never won anything wow?
Rook_217::I'm confused...so it's not a quality win unless the team you beat has won a championship in recent history???  A quality win has nothing to do with the present season?  Can you please tell me what a quality win  is then.  (Let's not even mention the fact that the W's just beat OKC and the Clips...oh wait, they haven't won anything recently either...my bad)
sportsnu36::I'll bet your'e a Heat troll that claims that when the Heat beat the Warriors,the Warriors were a top 3 team in the western conference.
noble sheeter::why should deng take a paycut in order to stay with the bulls, if he doesnt want to? leads league in minutes among leaders in wins over the last few years, what else is it ti do in the nba that really matters but play and win.?
Then He Made Us Pancakes.... Pancakes.::You drunk? Seems like you are having conversations with yourself. Weirdo.
noble sheeter::The NBA is trying to protect its superstar infested  teams from the Bull Market.  The fundementals and defense is contagious and has already confused allstar voters.  The Bulls keep winning even on the road while the "starz" keep getting excuses?
Rick-Da-Villain::Da Bulls
noble sheeter::he has "earned" a chance to compete for the job should it become up for grabs once we get rolling indeed so.  Its JImmeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. werd up-red alert
bulls32032::Jimmy Butler- future 2 guard for the Bulls? what you guys think, he moves very well for one and can defend them
junoNCAL::see? all you chicago fools are asleep  i'm here but you babies need your rest
Then He Made Us Pancakes.... Pancakes.::Shut up clown. You are one of the least knowledgable people I have seen on here. You knew not to come on here when it was busy bc youd get tore up just like the GSW did.
Penguinsfan2013::Mila Kunis is hot
Penguinsfan2013::your dang right
DatGuy8921::Yes.  Yes she is.
Penguinsfan2013::im taking a break from sports for a week chicago city of starz i hate watching boston lose repeatedly and the pens lose to all these sucky teams maybe if i quit watching theyll get better
tbomber2::enough smack down for one day, im out.  peace
Robert Sacre::Bulls = 1st round playoff exit
sportsnu36::Hahahaha,comming from the fool that uses a Laker player's photo for his profile pic.
noble sheeter::and evan turner has emerged as a legit no 2 pick in the draft also? the didnt give deng and co. thier calls leading to and early exit look at philly now you know they should not have even competed with the bulls but investments must be protected from the bull market
martymcfly1984::that comment just proves u don't know anything about basketball. If Lebron were to tear an ACL (Like Rose did) and Wade were to Roll the s#it out of his ankle (Like Noah Did) The Heat could lose in the 1st round as well... Ur an idiot and u liked ur own comment. Take yo Trolling a$$ to bed
tbomber2::lol that self like was almost instantaneous
Chicago The City Of Starz 2013::Yup just like the last time they were healthy right?? ECF
Chicago The City Of Starz 2013::In fact The Bulls are 94-26 the last two years with Rose and 26-16 this year without him.   That's 68 less wins and only 10 less losses!! That's a HUGE difference
packersbulls::Averaged out:  .783 = 64 wins / season with. 64-18; +46 &gt; .500 .619 = 50-51 wins / season without. 51-31; +20 &gt; .500  I was bored --^
Chicago The City Of Starz 2013::Bulls 62-19 and 32-7 the past two years with Rose. You sound silly NYballer
tbomber2::you see what happens when you bring facts into an argument with these morons?  they are left dumbfounded.
NYballer6969::not messing around Fact : Thibs , in 3 years has proven to have his Bulls team in 1st place !  Rose got his MVP for 1 of those years . Thibs w/o Rose 1/2 the year, still had the best record in the league last year . This year w/o Rose and his whole 2nd unit of last year, he's in 1st again ! Rose got his MVP on Thibs coattails !    The Mavericks in their Championship year , were 2 -7 w/o Dirk . They had a better record with Dirk in the lineup then the Bulls with Rose . Rose shot 39% in the Playoffs , 35% against Miami , Dirk beat Miami ! That year Dirk was the real MVP and proved it in the Playoffs . Rose shot more and faded ! Rose won the MVP , because nobody expected the Bulls to be so good . They became that good because of defense and rebounding , Rose has Zero to do with that !
sportsnu36::How much credit are you giving Woodson?And Melo chokes in the 1st round more often than not,and you are talking?-HYPOCRITE!
noble sheeter::ever since stat knocked rose to the floor the bulls have owned the knicks and rightfully so since deng has shown the ability to neutralize anything melo brings to the table even in rose's absence,
ltodaptodag@gmail.com::Nyballer 6969 is a east coast guy, coach thibs was a boston asst coach for years thats why he is all over thibs dick. You know how those east coast guys are. They think they are better than anyone else!!!
martymcfly1984::ur doing some big time Rose hate but how long did it take Lebron to get over the hump??? Hell I'll do u 1 better how long did it take Mike to get over the hump??? ur an idiot and ur opinion is as real as Teo's GF
tbomber2::so irrelevant.  <b>did you even know noah and booz missed 57 games combined that year?  </b> Rose earned that MVP by single-handedly carrying the team to the best record in the NBA.
NYballer6969::Numbnuts , Rose gets paid $16 million + , that's like 1/4 of the teams payroll ,You can get 2 very good parts for what Rose gives you !  For every great shot he makes , he misses 2 ! He's at best a 35% shooter in the 1/2 court set if you take into account all the breakaway dunks he gets via the Bulls D . He has no mid-range and outside game and because he's a selfish player , he's easy to make a game plan against to stop him ! Being a great 1 on 1 player does not make him a smart 1 on 3 player !
tbomber2::what you're saying also suggests that the bulls would still be at 26-16 if rose were playing, which only an idiot would actually believe.  our win rate the last 2 years has been 75%, meaning it should be ~32-10 right now.  But it's not.  Because we're missing <b>derrick freaking rose</b>
tbomber2::im sorry but you know god damn well that thats not true.  devon harris doesn't account for 41 points a freaking game.  your argument is falling apart REAL FAST homie.
NYballer6969::I'm saying that the Bulls would of finished with the best record the year Rose won the MVP if Devon Harris was at the point !  What Thibs has done with all new parts or different parts, w/o Rose,  in the past 2 years proved that .  The Bulls are the best defensive team in the last 3 years , nothing to do with Rose !
tbomber2::so basically you're saying a team can't win because it plays defense AND scores?  thats a fallacy.  Our point differential was highest in the league... who do you think did that?    D-rose had 25ppg and 8apg.  That means he accounted for <b>AT LEAST<b> 41 points a game.  THATS HALF THE OFFENSE RIGHT THERE.  you're a moron.  please retort.</b></b>
NYballer6969::Thibs is the #1 reason why the Bulls are that good ...That is the #1 fact !  Defense Rebounding  Discipline  Rose is like 10th on the list of reasons of why the Bulls win !
georget22::Say what you want but Rose has already won an MVP, Chicago has kicked your teams $@% three times this season, and when Rose gets back we are going to be even better. Melo is a one dimensional player who is unsuited to lead a team to a championship.
NYballer6969::Melo and Rose are the same players...They shoot more when the cameras are on and they miss more ! 2 of the least efficient players in the NBA , when it counts the most !
FoxKat93::lol. The hate is real.
tbomber2::you are totally wrong, see why below.
NYballer6969::They still would of been in the same position they were with or w.o him ! I'm not saying that the Bulls are better w/o Rose . I'm saying the Bulls losing Rose is no different then the Bulls losing Boozer....Important but not that huge of a blow , if you still have many parts to plug in !
tbomber2::hey idiot.  do me a favor and tell me what the bulls record was with rose playing. last year.  <b>32-7.  THIRTY TWO AND SEVEN.</b>  82% win rate, almost as good as the 87% 72-10 Bulls.  so go back to the BS room and find some new material.
NYballer6969::Brainiac ...How they have the best record last year with Rose out 30 games ?  Accident ?  Rose play this year ? They in first , because of Rose ! Rose would be irrelevant w/o Thibs as was Deron on the Nets last year and Wall on the Wizards !
tbomber2::will you acknowledge what i said?  please explain to me who the <b> F U C K </b> was so good on the bulls that they went 62-20 when either booz or noah were out FIFTY SEVEN games.  Was it Luol Deng?  Did he deserve MVP then?  Keith Bogans maybe?  you're a freaking idiot.  ignore the important facts to try and make an argument, thats called being either ignorant or misleading
NYballer6969::None of you brainiacs ever gave Thibs any credit BEFORE the season started , the year that Rose won the MVP ..Meanwhile all of you were Jocking Rose as if he was the best point guard in the league , while he hadn't accomplished nothing yet !  Rose choked big time in the Playoffs ! The thought was he had to increase his shots because all the rest of the Bulls sucked .  Well the Bulls are doing just fine w/o him  &amp; like in the Playoffs , his teammates shoot the rock at a better rate then him !
ChicagoBullsChampionshipRing::Alrighty y'all, have fun enjoy the W and let us keep stacking up wins! <b> See Red Nation GO BULLS <b></b></b>
chi-city81::GO BULLS.. And who don't like it. Learn to like it. While watching Bulls beat your  team!!!
Rays_Heat_Bucs_Lightning_Awwwwyeaaaaaaaaa::lol
Rays_Heat_Bucs_Lightning_Awwwwyeaaaaaaaaa::lol
chi-city81::Go Bulls!!! Need to show hard work pays off! Forget all these teams trying to buy easy way  to championships...
ltodaptodag@gmail.com::Big vocabulary
Rays_Heat_Bucs_Lightning_Awwwwyeaaaaaaaaa::lol
Rays_Heat_Bucs_Lightning_Awwwwyeaaaaaaaaa::lol
noble sheeter::chi-city81 - Truth hurts. How can you compare LeBron to MJ. Leaving team choosing not to work for ring?  them just add water champs, hahaaaa it aint easy  and we dont go to the finals looking for just one championship so i see wht a lot of teams getting nervous trying to stackup against the bulls they know whats coming  Bench Mob 6th fan peace
Rays_Heat_Bucs_Lightning_Awwwwyeaaaaaaaaa::lol
chi-city81::Truth hurts. How can you compare LeBron to MJ. Leaving team choosing not to work for ring?
Gonzopmc::not messing around is a idiot just shutup
lemawe13::alright gotta go  fk the heat and their fans, the fake ones not the real ones.
Heat Packers STLCardinals LEGGO::I'm a REAL fan idiot
chi-city81::I bet ever since leBron got there you've been a fan... Before then you were a golf and tennis fan.
Rays_Heat_Bucs_Lightning_Awwwwyeaaaaaaaaa::Love u too
Hlee196::G state is falling apart...
lemawe13::Lebron and Dwade got caught in a fishing net and started flopping like crazy
chi-city81::And cry to refs like ill $@%!$@%
Rays_Heat_Bucs_Lightning_Awwwwyeaaaaaaaaa::racist
chi-city81::Just get out of Chicago site, go cuddle with Bron and Bosh and all of them
Rays_Heat_Bucs_Lightning_Awwwwyeaaaaaaaaa::*an
chi-city81::Don't you have a ESPN Miami site?
Rays_Heat_Bucs_Lightning_Awwwwyeaaaaaaaaa::You own this site?
chi-city81::Dude why are you here?
Heat Packers STLCardinals LEGGO::A hooker, a biker girl, and a Japanese anime freak girl walk into Comic-Con..
not messing around::<b><a>SHUT UP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!</a></b>
chi-city81::Both of you shut up
lemawe13::any good movies to watch tonight?
not messing around::<b><a>NYBALLER, GET LOST. MELO IS 1-8 WITH KNICKS IN POSTSEASON. 19-39 OVERALL. AND YOU HAVE THE GUTS TO COME ON HRE AND OUT ROSE?</a></b>
NYballer6969::Rose and Melo both suck in the Playoffs ..They take to many shots and they shoot worse then the worst shooting team in the NBA ! For consolation Melo at 41% still shot better then Rose at 39% !  Fact : Thibs , in 3 years has proven to have his Bulls team in 1st place !  Rose got his MVP for 1 of those years . Thibs w/o Rose 1/2 the year, still had the best record in the league last year . This year w/o Rose and his whole 2nd unit of last year, he's in 1st again !
sportsnu36::Rose has been to the Conference finals in his 2nd yr,Melo has never been to a conference finals and has been in the league 9 yrs.Looks like Melo alone is the one who sucks in the playoffs,not Rose!
lemawe13::lol my balls are on fire
lemawe13::they were on fire after
Heat Packers STLCardinals LEGGO::oh. well, dip into the bath and cool 'em off
Heat Packers STLCardinals LEGGO::masturbate
LeBronHasNoFullSeasonRing::By the way, that 2008 Lottery was more rigged than Rose's SAT
chi-city81::Why don't you take your talentless $@% to Miami?
mccoywajmu::you mad bro?
Michigan8-4LOL::tibs should be back to back to back coach of the year
chi-city81::Popovich won it last year. Thibs was 2 years ago. But I agree he should win this year
Michigan8-4LOL::i know "should"
Jimmy Butler the Kobe Stopper::Thibs*
FoxKat93::He can't. It went to Pop last year.
Heat Packers STLCardinals LEGGO::lol that's impossible
not messing around::<b><a>YOU GUYS ARE GIVING ME A HEADACHE WITH YOUR DELUSIONAL COMMENTS.</a></b>
Heat Packers STLCardinals LEGGO::A Bulls fan, a Knicks fan, and Chris Bosh walk into a bar..
NYballer6969::In his MVP season , Rose had maybe a 1/2 a dozen 50%+ shooting games when he scored 20 points . Both Bulls point guards scored 20 points while shooting better then 60% last night !   Thibs is the real MVP on the Bulls , he just plugs in a different NBA player on the floor and runs with it !
mccoywajmu::right and without rose he lost in the first round of the playoffs
NYballer6969::No Rose for months , they knew that ..Can't feel sorry for themselves for months ! W/o Rose , Deng , Asik , Korver, Watson , they are still first place! Not bad at all !
NYballer6969::Truth hurts ! Bulls had Miami on their mind , revenge . They thought they would breeze by everyone with Rose till Miami . He went down , they didn't have a chance against Miami anymore . They forgot they were still playing the 6ers the next game ! Whole goal was to get to the Finals , to get by Miami ! Hard to think about the 6ers when you played hard all year to to get to Miami !
mccoywajmu::ok dude...
NYballer6969::That's because the rest of the Bulls looked ahead to the Miami series . W/O Rose they wouldn't have a chance against them , they lost the next game at home.They had their head so far up their behind , they couldn't remember that they should beat the 6ers in their sleep . They recovered, but  once Noah went down in that double digit lead game, they lost their real inspirational hero and lost the series !
not messing around::<b><a>STOP IT ALREADY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!</a></b>
not messing around::<b><a>I KNOW ALL TEAMS GOT THEM, BUT BULLS FANS REALLY DONT KNOW THEIR STUFF. IT SUCKS BEING A BULLS FAN, WHEN ALL YOU HAVE TO DEAL WITH ON HERE ARE PEOPLE WITH UNREALISTIC EXPECTATIONS.</a></b>
lemawe13::get on the other heat trolls level man god dam
Heat Packers STLCardinals LEGGO::A Bulls fan, a Heat fan, and a Lakers fan walk into a bar. The Heat fan says, "Let me buy the two of you beers". The Bulls fan doesn't like the Lakers fan and they both get into it. The Heat fan actually just wanted three beers for himself.
lemawe13::*golf clap
FoxKat93::The Bulls and Laker fans have no beef.
