Reality_And_Truth::The Cavs need to sign a free agent defensive stopper for the 2 guard position....Kyrie Irving is a great shooting point guard but can not guard a folding chair on defense.....either that or use one of the second round picks to get a guard that actually plays defense....because Kyrie Irving sure as hell does not.....
chessclubchamp2001::Can we just agree that the CAVS are simply playing for a high lottery pick at this point?
1mproperDancing::It's pretty obvious that their summer vacation started around three weeks ago.  Now they're just going through the motions.  Can't really complain, though.  They've made obvious improvements over last year.  They won more games (in a shortened season), added a franchise player, and have a handful of prospects worth hanging on to going in to next season.  Not to mention they have more draft picks than any other team over the next few years.
jonasjlp::WTF was Iggie doing pulling some lame highschool prank.  Can't wait to his $@% is gone for good.
shaqatastic::Someone should contract this sorry excuse for a franchise.
chessclubchamp2001::Yeah, a sorry excuse for a franchise that was able to put together a great team for the greater portion of the last decade, won the Easter Conference crown, had the best record in the league twice, and had an MVP to boot. I'd say they're doing a terrible job. God forbid they take a season or two to rebuild after the cornerstone of the team left them high and dry.
Diamondslugz::Way to like your own post... classless loser.
longhornsin2012::I've been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching  the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for anyone out there that is looking for a system that actually works because this system has really helped me to start winning finally
MarquetteMike1977::Milwaukee major pro sports have not been to a final since'82 Brewers. Worst of any city. Maybe the Bucks can at least make the playoffs.
MarquetteMike1977::Milwaukee major pro sports have not been to a final since'82 Brewers. Worst of any city. Maybe the Bucks can at least make the playoffs.
Cwell28022::Went to the game tonight.  Cavs looked good for 2 quarters, then remembered they were tanking and forgot how to guard the wing.  Surprised Kyrie played but he looked amazing going to the basket.  He makes defenders look silly.  And Tristian doesn't look as limited offensively as I feared.  There is hope after all.  I would love Kidd-Gilcrist or Beal.  Then a big man like Festus Ezeli or Fab Melo to hold down the center, and were not far off from contending again.  There is hope Cavs fans.  Haters are gonna hate, until we start winning and shutting them up.  Cleveland fans support their teams.  There was a good crowd there tonight, not many other cities can say they care about their teams when they suck as bad as this.  Cleveland fan for life!
Reality_And_Truth::Kyrie Irving is a great scorer...but he can not guard a folding chair with a gun and a knife.......need to sign a defensive guard to protect Kyrie's bad defense......
KingGeorge53::Now that I think of it, there's a lot of combos that would look a LOT BETTER than Sloane, Harris, Omri, Samardo and Ryan Hollins.  omg... the fact that the Cavaliers have beaten teams with those cats make me shiver.
KingGeorge53::I like how you're thinking.     SG/SF with the first pick and we could very well end up with Ezeli or Melo.     My preference would be Beal/Ezeli only b/c I THINK they'll work very well in this Princeton O of Byron Scott's.    However, KG/Melo would also look a lot better than Manny Harris and Samardo Samuels.
whitsok14::Cavs should be in full tanking mode. Irving should be shelved the rest of the season, no reason to risk further injury
DMan101945::they are, why do you think they were losing to the pistons 100-50 going into the fourth quarter
grettings444::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKLAzyWiC4
sa330206::I say we change our starting line up to..  PG - Sloan SG - Parker SF - Walton PF - Casspi C - Harangody,  If we get lucky we lose out and the Kings pick up a W.  That will get them the 3rd pick.  They could be pretty solid again next year once everyone heals up and Jamison FINALLY leaves.
ddolph2822::ping pong balls
sa330206::I think they should also keep Hudson, Samuels, and Harris.  That gives them 7 guys.  They have quite a few draft picks and could maybe pick up a free agent or two to round out the roster.
spong3bobrox::i say kick everyone off the team but irving, gee, varejou, and tt
Saintsfan601MS::it's rare that you can draft a player that can turn a franchise into a contender like Lebron, Durant, and Rose...college talent has been pretty weak the last few years and I don't see any players in the draft like that this year...except maybe Davis and it will take him a few years to become something like a Dwight Howard he hasn't fully matured into his man body yet..
spong3bobrox::On the bright side, 5 Kentucky players decided to enter the draft, so you know what that means!!!!!
Saintsfan601MS::MISS LEBRON YET?
Saintsfan601MS::are you even a Cavs fan?
spong3bobrox::yeahhh
spong3bobrox::i do
spong3bobrox::yup and i know i'm not the only one. some fans miss him and wont admit and some fans just dont miss him period. Honestly, I wished that he would of stay but I gotta move on and get over it cause he's gone now and probly wont come back. Just focused on our rebuilding team
Saintsfan601MS::at least you are honest I'm sure a lot of Clevelanders do those were some good years for you guys..I heard the games back then were the place to be..
falcoff818::NOPE
DMan101945::while youre here saintsfan lets talk about the bounty scandal and how youre teams gonna miss sean payton this year
Saintsfan601MS::maybe another two seasons of suckage will do the trick...
rockndoc2::Just a liitle luck and the Cavs could get to the 3 spot for ping pong balls.  That would give them at worst the 6 pick.   They can have 4 picks in the top 34
falcoff818::I'm not sure this will happen, the NBA is about quality, not quantity. Happens In the NFL but almost never in the NBA
Jganon93::i heard theyre trying to package there 3 other piicks for a 2nd lottery pick
andrewplayer21::Bye Bye Jamison . How can you be playing in the league for so long and keep shooting bricks? I will be so glad when he is gone. And Parker as well.
sa330206::Agreed.. those guys are terrible!
Reality_And_Truth::Jamison has carried the Cavs this year....especially when the often injured Kyrie Irving was out....Jamison is old and plays better as the 3 rd option to an offense....this year he was the number one option......great player, just old now....
BuckeyeheadKyle_828::SMH.
yodaspeaks::Sixers make the playoffs by default...there is not other team good enough to reach .500 in the east.  goodness.
SuperGrover69::COME ON, UNIBROW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yata9arasu::Good game 76ers!  Nice to see Kyrie back!  Didn't play that many min.  Walton playing= losing.  Good luck 76ers and GO CAVS!
Legit_Troller::Just so you know 76ers fans the Cavs gave you that one. We could of played Luke Walton for 30 + minutes and blew you out but the Cavs decided not to embarrass them
DaKing0325__::Is this coming from a team that was down 100-50 yesterday
DMan101945::cavs are winning, you just wont see the victory till its ping pong ball time
falcoff818::And the dudes user-name....
iCandid::Are you really not seeing the sarcasm?
MirBay_Watson::Yaaaay. LaVoy Allen played....29 minutes no less.  What'd I tell you?
bluedevils1148::He was solid too.
springfresh33::and covering LOL
springfresh33::Thank you Philly for the W!!
Double it up::Cavs have lost the last 2 games by an average of like 30 points lol
J.Jensen::the cavs fucking suck no hope for next year regardless of who they draft.
TheTristanShow::hahahahahahahahahahahahaha... ok buddy go root for your favorite team, the Miami Heat.
J.Jensen::if you consider the 9 spot contention than yeah your totally right. but i don't so i stand by my comments
TheTristanShow::They're tanking... Kyrie is on limited minutes, Varejao is out, Gee is out, Jamison gave up, and the addition of a couple new picks and maybe a nice FA will boost them back into contention. Which is where they were earlier in the season before the injuries.
J.Jensen::fuck the heat I'm a mavs fan. but every time i watch them they suck like this they need a lot more than a few new players
Legit_Troller::Hey its closer then it was last game and 76ers are better team then Pistons
CoreyGallagherArt::Cavs didn't have Irving last game against he Pistons, they did tonight; regardless, better than being down 50 after 3 I suppose.
yoyoyoyoyoyoyoyoyoyoy846::yes
yodaspeaks::all of these 20 point blowouts.  Sad how the nba season always ends.
TheTristanShow::Tanking and getting ready for the playoffs. Makes sense.
yodaspeaks::Not for a product you continue to sell it isnt.
Two things that start with B...Brick and Bryant::What a disgrace Cleveland is.
NYFranc::at least its a 20pt loss tonight.
Two things that start with B...Brick and Bryant::Not even close...Cavs should be kicked out of the league.
DaKing0325__::Now Philly wants to win, and the bucks want to lose smh
CoreyGallagherArt::In 8 minutes and 15 seconds Jrue Holiday scored 19 points (7-9, 5-5 from deep) and dished out 5 assists, noice.  Comparison to Melo's first quarter and what I'll be hearing on ESPN all night, in 11:19, Melo scored 19 points (8-10, 4-4 from deep, 1-1 ft) 1 assist.
TheTristanShow::Well you'll probably hear about him more because quite frankly, Jrue Holiday is on a slumping team that no cares about vs. the Cavs, who also don't have many fans at ESPN.
CoreyGallagherArt::It means something when you're negating what Jrue did because he was playing a bad Cavs team than praise what Melo did against a bad Nets team. It was a close game until Jrue went on that tear, go to the play by play, it was 57-57 with 8:15 left in the third which is when I began keeping track of what he did in my original post...
TheTristanShow::Does that really mean anything? It's a non story that the sixers beat the tanking cavs, while Carmelo is actually dominating a pretty close game.
CoreyGallagherArt::NY is playing the Nets, buddy,
J-SMOOVE2070::76ERS BETTER BE WATCHING THAT BUCKS GAME.
Fred Mui::everytime you see wise guys crushing an under this low...bet the other way..unreal.
TheTristanShow::If we draft Harrison Barnes or Andre Drummond, I will shoot myself.
JohnsonnnL::I hope we get Bradley Beal and Festus Ezeli.
Neymessi::<strong>lol epic fail <a href="http://hoopsgrind.com/2012/04/18/wednesday-gameday-observations-41812/">http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VYqGK2s6vW4</a> </strong>
DJ D.ALI::Yo Iggy, Yur not me, yur triple double doesn't count, its against a D league team...  Love MELO!!!
CoreyGallagherArt::Difference, Iguodala consistently gets triple doubles...Melo has gotten two in his entire career...two...lol, two...   $@%!$@% two...
CoreyGallagherArt::I'm happy because what you said was stupid and it wasn't a hassle to think of a witty retort.
DJ D.ALI::Don't be mad dude, be happy yur team made it by default... Ahhhaaaa
phatjesus0bc::Their use to be a time where you got kicked out the league of intentionally losing games
Cleveland_SportsDVR::This is getting brutal watching these games. I hope this upcoming draft actually turns out as good as it has been in my wet dreams. JK........................ not really
yodaspeaks::My God, the Bucks have a shot at the playoffs and arent even good enough to win a game.  Sixers make the playoffs by default.
TheTristanShow::Whew, around half time I thought the Cavs were actually TRYING to win! hahaha... good one.
grettings444::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKLAzyWiC4
CoreyGallagherArt::in 8 minutes and 15 seconds Jrue Holiday scored 19 points (7-9, 5-5 from deep) and dished out 5 assists, noice.
Bryce_George695880::Philadelphia 76ers vs. Cleveland Cavaliers   site to help you make a pick on this matchup:   http://bit.ly/JJM2GW
Red32x::well philly destroyed the under
elchupanibre1::I think Philadelphia woke up...
ONLYFOOLSBELIEVEINLOCKS::24-2 run   what the hell has happened to the nba 4 teams being outscored by 20 points right now
picaac15::end of the year, some teams are tanking for picks, others are trying to make the playoffs..  Dont be so surprised its all tactics
ojhasha::22 PTS WTF?
23GamblingMike23::No pressure here 8th seed easy for the sixers
