mosesbyu::Free Jimmer.
Preston8446::Put Jimmer in
Spursdc::The Jazz  need to be blown up-just start over
mercedsAMG1977::Ive been using a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I make around $3,000 a month profit just following this system. You can find the system on google by searching for sports betting systems.
iBookedover196PointsOnTheKingsGame::g a y
MILBREW318::PLAY JIMMER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
surasosa::in 8 min a game he does anything but suck... fredette is fourth in points per 48 min.... behind who? kobe lebron and melo.... could it be he sucks in ur mind solely due to his pale skin... cmon man You're better than that
tatatatyler::Such a stupid stat
BubbaSpiker::No he isn't.
thematrix709::for what ? he really, really do suck !!
cfoofc::its a friggin miracle
epamobsta650::harrison barnes  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O1r6xtta-7g
Whitemamba-Celia Cruz Pick and Roll::What a coincidence! Cousins ejected, evans and whole team plays better and they win.. hmm...... A center should NOT be shooting 43% from the field and still get the most touches on his team.
Preston8446::i agree with surasosa 100%
surasosa::the guy is a rare human being.... he doesnt just whine to the refs, he's a walking bipolar MOPE... always moping and pouting like he's 8 years old... this guy has no clue that this is how every one veiws him.... i honestly think he has some serious mental issue's... not hating... there is something wrong with that dude
willwarner12::He's there best player man.Quit hatin on him cause he whines to the refs. Kobe,LBJ,DWADE,Westbrook all the guys cry to the refs even Thorton a guy on his own team cries just as much as he does and no one says nothing. Give the guy a break
seedrusselling::Big Al,and Big Corbin are killing the Jazz. It's ugly.
scow79::Little Millsap wasn't helping much either
seedrusselling::Corbin sure likes that combo. Milsap and Jefferson have got to be one of the worst defensive duos in the league.
scow79::And another thing, what's with throwing Foye in there to guard Evans in the 4th when he was in kill mode?   I know Hayward was struggling, but you have to think he's got a much better chance at shutting the guy down than a 6'4 Randy Foye.
dont_hate_the_playa_hate_the_game::and the jazz lose against waste. geez they suck balls.
scow79::So Kanter has 9 points and 7 boards in 14 minutes, yet Corbin decides to go with the two bigs who were playing lethargic all night.
ChargersFan4Life001::dmc had a good game despite not playing the 4th
Francis4345::They got free points and opportunities but didnt score. Those 3 free throws missed is the key. Cousins was out !!!!!!
JuMueller::Jazz lost to a hockey team tonight
Francis4345::Stanley cup champs ;)
JuMueller::Horrible game
EarlDean60::a great game
Votto4mvp055045::so the jazz are now at .500...but they are 5-0 at home ? lol ...
Francis4345::Corbin out please, this guy is useless
Francis4345::He coach so bad. Burks force things like Hayward. Driving the basket. But no, no chance at all.
capnchuc::Is this too much to ask?
ChargersFan4Life001::GG Jazz fans, gl the rest of the way. KINGS WIN!
ensign.devyn::Good luck.
capnchuc::I don't feel happy :(
Votto4mvp055045::why didnt they foul after the 3 pt miss? they coulda still won..
NotreDame4Lyfez::Reds LOL
ChargersFan4Life001::chargers lol
Votto4mvp055045::Notre Dame LOl
iBookedover196PointsOnTheKingsGame::WHeres flyguy623  its me grandmasboydawg858 but they banned me
capnchuc::I am tired of watching our moron Jazz coach run our team into the ground. He needs to play the damn young guys ( who are way better than the veterans anyway).
caseygreer2::.... I agree most of the time, but favors/hayward sucked balls tonight
NotreDame4Lyfez::Let Tyreke pad his stats
ChargersFan4Life001::longest minute of a 10pt game ever
NotreDame4Lyfez::Jazz coaches are idiots LOL
captain.falcon.pb::LOL Jazz are not giving up. What's the coach thinking?
TommyK06::nba is a joke
Hope I Helped::Pad stats.
Votto4mvp055045::WHY U FOULING LMAO bOOOO
Hope I Helped::This is some bush league stuff we're seeing.
Francis4345::thats a joke
mikeisildur::Come on Jazz this is dumb.
Hope I Helped::Hack-a-Jimmer
iBookedover196PointsOnTheKingsGame::good job coons
78Bevan::Jimmer gets put in the last minute.  He has the best FT%.  Since Utah has to foul, Jimmer is a good sub.  Is Coach Smart doing something... Smart?
JuMueller::Jimmer has the smallest winky in the nba
ensign.devyn::I'm sure you already do, "fgt"
captain.falcon.pb::Wouldn't matter, his hot wife loves it
JuMueller::you would like that wouldn't you
ensign.devyn::You've been talking a lot about Jimmer's winky... You might be gay bro.
ensign.devyn::Jazz had their chances tonight, even late we could have gotten back into it. Could have came back and had a shot to win it after being down 10 with 3 minutes. Bad news for Kings fans, worse news for Jazz fans since we didn't take advantage of opportunities. Let's get back at it next game
Rip City Forever::Good game kings u deserve it! Peace!
JuMueller::Oh look its Jimmer, another one of the idols that  Mormons worship
scow79::What Jazz fan out there actually enjoys watching Big Al and Millsap play together?
seedrusselling::Not me. What coach out there would actually play them together, to start, finish or otherwise, while having Kanter and Favors on the bench?
capnchuc::Nobody they are terrible, and Corbin continues to play them.
JuMueller::Not this year
Pintz11::GREAT SYSTEM OF DEVELOPING PLAYERS.. AS I SAID.. MANAGEMENT AND COACHING IS GARBAGE.. TOO MANY DELUSIONAL JAZZ FANS THINK THIS TEAM AND WHO THEY ARE STARTING WILL WIN ANYTHING.. MEDIOCRE ROLL PLAYERS ..
ensign.devyn::We'll be in the playoffs. Cheer on your team instead of dogging on them. You're a pathetic Jazz fan.
captain.falcon.pb::"delusional jazz fans" right on point.
iBookedover196PointsOnTheKingsGame::man this sucks ^^^^
iBookedover196PointsOnTheKingsGame:::)
TommyK06::you and me gots that over.  booyah!!
TommyK06::lazy coons aint gonna score enuff
JuMueller::you deserve it fgt
TommyK06::NBA is the ultimate welfare system
JuMueller::Jazz = NBA Champs at home, NBA Chumps away
Rip City Forever::Chris weber needs to get involved with the kings somehow
willwarner12::He could help Cousins and TROB develop into something special.
Rip City Forever::I think he is a knowledgable post that would make a good coach!
captain.falcon.pb::He gets paid more by TNT as a commentator.
captain.falcon.pb::Rip City Forever - More than he would as a head coach though?  My comment was for the guy who sid he could be a commentator.
Rip City Forever::More than he would as a head coach though?
Everyday im Shufflin 290::He could be a good GM or Commentator
captain.falcon.pb::I hope he coaches for us.
mikeisildur::Well there's absolutely no arguing that the Jazz deserved to win this game.  GG Kings fans.  All will be forgiven if you beat the Lakers in your remaining games against them this season.
scow79::You mean the Jazz deserve to lose this game
mikeisildur::No I mean it is impossible to make the case that they deserved to win.
capnchuc::Foye is terrible, I have no idea how he plays more than Hayward
surasosa::i know why he plays over hayward... and it has nothing to do with basketball... its looking after ur own
Francis4345::I cant believe Burks doesnt play, poor guy. Please trade him if he's not playing
capnchuc::Yah Burks is better than Foye too. I hate Corbin, Jazz Nation should unite and meet the Jazz at the airport with FIRE CORBIN signs!!!!!!!!!!!!
Francis4345::4/6 from 3 pts
scow79::How many points did Tyreke Evans score?
scow79::He's terrible at every facet of the game, but hey, he can hit a 3 pointer.
capnchuc::That's all he can do :(
FlyGuys623::congrats boogie
iBookedover196PointsOnTheKingsGame::sup flyguy
surasosa::that arena sounds so blah. sac really needs some excitement. this team is just not a fun team to watch.
surasosa::oh me to.
Rip City Forever::They used to be! The fans will ride them hard when they are doing good I remember the days
capnchuc::I don't understand last night the lineup of Hayward, Tinsley, Marvin, Jeffy, and Favors won the game. But we haven't seen this lineup all night. Corbin is absolutely worthless.
ChargersFan4Life001::that is kings ball
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::By rule that should've been Jazz ball. But it takes more than that to overturn it.
EarlDean60::You're blind
No God of mine would cancel iCarly::the jazz are the worst team in the league
ensign.devyn::Shouldn't you be watching iCarly? Get off NBAtv you silly girl!
mikeisildur::Week old account, no favorite teams, reference to the disney channel in sentence-long name, inflammatory hyperbole...  CLASS 5 TROLL DETECTED
JuMueller::haha, not even the worse team playing this game
Rip City Forever::No the wizards are
