jskim9::<b>I hate it when Gay Grizzlies jump on Bulls</b>
giantsmaximuspop::"gay grizzlies jump bulls" what the hell is going on in memphis? hahah
ceyman::Ha!  I was about to say the same thing...certainly the headline writer meant it that way.  It is impossible to make that mistake...funny stuff ESPN!
drinking beer with cutler::"Rudy Gay scores 24 as Grizzlies top banged-up Bulls"  Enough said
MikeGudd20::To be fair, Zach Randolph wasn't playing for the Griz...just sayin
manewto1::And still don't have as good a record.
swaggamento916::heat aint $@%!
SouthFLAnative::Me acting like a Bulls fan after a Heat regular season loss. "Bulls suck. Go Heat!!"
AbyssinianLion::Very pleased with my Bulls  - we went through the toughest part of our schedule with a record of 12-3 ( 10 road games out of 15). -we accomplished it with DRose sitting for 2 games, our starting SG RIP sitting and key bench player CJ sitting for most those games -we did it while Noah and Boozer have not played well -we did it beating some good teams Lakers,Clippers,Grizzlies,Magic,Hawks  Great start! Da Bulls!!!
grizz_nation_will_rise::The toughest part of your schedule includes toronto, minnesota, washington, and detroit twice??? Be glad you don't have to play in the West. We have only one terrible team, sacramento. Even Minnesota is playing better with the addition of Rubio.
kfoges03::lets just hope that this isnt a seasonal drought for boozer and noah, cause noah hasnt even shown glipses of being relevant
JK Belvi 2007::Absolutely - Noah and the Bulls need inside scoring and he's the one that they need to put up at least 10 per night.
KingofMiami30::Way to lose to a sub 500 team Bulls! lmao
Mcatee1117::Heat fans don't ya'll have a 3 game losing streak to stop or somethin'....
AbyssinianLion::Grizz are a god playoff team. Watch out, they may end up with a better record then the Heat.
nba is the worst::Warriors agree - the east (including Miami) is garbage
AbyssinianLion::Bulls are 5-2 vs the West with 6 of those 7 games on the road
HawksCubs10::Watching the replay right now, the (guy) announcer is an idiot.  He calls Joakim Joe, Ronnie Brewer - Ron Brewer, and Luol Deng - LUo Deng.. WHY?  It sounds so freaking dumb.  He probably would have called Derrick  Deer Rose
CowboysBullsLonghornsStarsRangers::I know that the teammates call Luol and Joakim Lu and Joe
CandySparker::
sherifffruitfly::Pro tip: If the loss of 1 player means you get smoked by the grizzlies, don't talk about "championship".
kfoges03::yeah cause that player is an MVP, and the grizz are solid, does anyone remember last year in the playoffs
PlayerPresident1::bulls haters on this board means that the bulls are very good team and that's a good thing.  haters don't dwell in conversation rooms like the bobcats, pistons, hornets, etc....teams we know won't being doing sh.t this year.
KABOOM305::the chicago bulls. 2010-2012 back to back champions of the nba regular season.....
soul_sonic_force::memphis will be the 2012 champions of the nba
Beast at Life 2005::and i will win the lottery, you won at home against a crippled team whoopeee!!
prestoneeggers::lakeshow -4. lets do this
CowboysBullsLonghornsStarsRangers::I must be looking at the wrong standings and scores. From the sounds of it the Bulls must have lost 4 more games today and the Heat won 4 and took the lead in the East
superman253540::It's ok it was just a nightmare.  The Bulls still lead the conference
tuftsballer::how do u get rid of spammers
WIkalikalou::The Bulls better hope to God that Rose doesn't get hurt around playoff time.
AbyssinianLion::I think every team needs to pray their star player (even if they have 2) is not injured at playoff time. Obvious post genius
perrypete::id rather see an unselfish team that has five defenders instead of four!
nba is the worst::It doesn't matter what you'd rather see
paytrayne::so many ppl acting like this game has any meaning or proves something.  just a warmup reg season game.  some real freaks out there.
mccoywajmu::If it shows how garbage we are without him how bad are the heat when they lose 3 straight with bosh lebron and wade playing in all 3 games
her0miles::Actually, it does prove something. It proves how garbage the Bulls are without Rose, lol
Daniela South Beach::Heat without Wade &gt; Bulls without Rose  Bulls fans, better hope that toe heals up.
lovesports3409::You need to hope that someone doesn't blow on D. Wade because he'll be done. Then comes the paternity suits.
mccoywajmu::you are stupid...
junkedup58::Chicago is a really good team. They're not as good when Derrick Rose isn't playing, obviously. But Derrick Rose is shockingly overrated and wasn't one of the 5 best players in the NBA last year. Him winning MVP was ridiculous.
Bigmayne313::It was what he brought to his team, they wouldnt have done as good as they did without him, just why Steve Nash won 2 MVP's in Phoenix
dwstate105::Let's see. Only all star player (starter) on the team with the best record in the NBA last season. Noah and Boozer miss a combine 35+ games. Do you understand?
mccoywajmu::overrated? right clown..and why are you talking about last season?
mccoywajmu::Ok well he took a team that was supposed to be 4 seed AT BEST in the east..he took that team and won the most games with boozer and noah missing a combined 50 games, bogans avg 3.4 pts per game as his starting shooting guard, and kurt thomas starting a lot of games...he took that team to 62 wins and swept the daunted heat in the regular season..thats why he WON THE REGULAR SEASON MVP
junkedup58::Because I hate that the same awful analysis is used to justify the same bad MVP choices year after year.
Bigmayne313::Can I get some of that crack you're smoking?
dwstate105::remember when he took it to the basket with both lebron and wade on either side lol
mccoywajmu::at what point does mvp go to the best fantasy basketball player..thats what lebron is
junkedup58::There's no measure in creation that suggests he was individually better than LeBron James or Dwight Howard last year.
chi-town1272::Why don't you Bulls haters just shut the f.uck up already? Seriously. We lose a game, are 12-3, and yet you b.itches act like the Bulls suck. Get a clue. Bottom line is that the Bulls have one of the best players in the league, one of the best coaches in the league and one of the best benches in the league. Um, oh yeah...Bulls also have the best defense in the league by far. Stats don't lie. If you don't know this, then you people are truly delusional. Over the course of a season, especially in a shortened season, even the better teams will get blown out once in a while. It doesn't help when Rose and Hamilton don't play. Wake up trolls.
andrewcubs1::Respect should be given to both Memphis and Chicago. without that, you have trolls and subsequently, arguments.
Bigmayne313::LA and San Antonio
junkedup58::And LA has been completely rebuilt, with years in which they didn't make the playoffs. San Antonio has been entirely rebuilt as well. It's silly to say that teams with good players now, who look decent, are somehow going to be dominant in 2022 when all these guys are in their mid-30s.
dwstate105::Chicago and Miami will dominate the East for the next 10 years.... let the haters hate. They are jealous their team sucks nuts
dwstate105::ok, how about the next 5 years... that seems like a confident pick
dwstate105::lol Who cares? why are you talking about the past? you should like my annoying ex girlfriend.....
junkedup58::Who were the best teams in the NBA ten years ago?
Bigmayne313::Thats how i feel when people say the samething about Miami, but hey haters are haters
Bigmayne313::Come playoff time the Bulls are in trouble, just like last year they had the best record, the MVP and still couldnt get it done, with the same team this year it shouldnt be any different even with the addition of Rip. The Bulls wont get past Philly or Indiana in 7 if they gotta face either and we know the Hawks will get in that a$$ too, thats why they're tryin to rest up Rose bcuz thats their only hope.
dwstate105::there both good teams, but not a team the bulls worry about too much. I think Frank Vogel is still having nightmares of Derrick from last years playoffs
Bigmayne313::Depth goes a long way in the playoffs, and if Chicago has just one major injury in their starting 5 they're f*cked, They've already shown that they cant do it with out Rose #imjustsayin
mccoywajmu::how about orlando without dwight?
mccoywajmu::what team will go far without their best player? how far you think okc is going without durant? how about miami without lebron? lakers without kobe? portland without aldridge?
mccoywajmu::phila and indy havent beaten ANYBODY..NO ONE
mccoywajmu::phila's leading scorer is lou williams....enought said with that...pacers have won games and have shot horribly doing it....not worried about either
paytrayne::lol indiana
Bigmayne313::Im just saying dont doubt em, who thought Dallas was gon win it all last year?
dwstate105::yes i've seen them play. Both preseason games, and about 5-6 games this year.. Their a good team, but can't compete with chicago or Miami in a 7 game series.. do i really have to explain my self?
Bigmayne313::Have you seen either of them play this year? Last year Ind wore Chicago out and this year they got a lil better by adding David West and George Hill to an already decent roster
colimabear::No, they wont get past either in 7 because they will take either in 5 or 6.
dwstate105::Your dumb, not bc the resting rose thing. But bc you think the pacers or philly can beat them in 7
Harbaugh Super Baugh::I loved the title earlier that said " Gay Grizzlies jump the Bulls" hahaha
andrewcubs1::34 on ACT english bit.ch. any more complaints?
junkedup58::I took the SAT like an adult, and don't care what passes for intelligence amongst today's youth. If you F up "your" vs. "you're," then YOU'RE not intelligent.
andrewcubs1::if your 12...
junkedup58::You can't knock on someone else's juvenile sense of humor when you don't know the difference between "your" and "you're"....
Chicagocold312::I don't know where to start, the chippiness is annoying...
paytrayne::hahaha Memphis
Bigmayne313::Z-Bo add 20-12 to the score board and the Bulls got spanked by almost 20 without him
dwstate105::Z-BO is great, but There just two different caliber of players. I don't think i have to explain much. There are good playesr, great players, then superstars in the NBA.... Rose, Kobe, Lebron just to name a few
Bigmayne313::Z-Bo wasnt playing for the Grizz either so they probably wouldve still won if they both were playing
dwstate105::I like the Grizz, good team. Conley is a lot better then what i thought he would turn out to be in the NBA. Gasol is consistent, and Gay is a great player. That being said, do they win if D Rose plays? prob not. But that doesn't matter, Grizz took advantage like a playoff team should
grizz_nation_will_rise::Start by giving props to my grizz
WatkinsUSMC::This boards LAME... I"M HEADING OVER TO THE WINNERS CIRCLE.... LATER sorry bulls..... :)
grizz_nation_will_rise::oh you bast.ard...
mccoywajmu::then you obviously are going to the mavs lakers board
BostonLosers75::Ha Ha Ha Ha! Bulls SUCK! Heat will DESTROY you Shi@cago Clowns!
chi-town1272::Heat have lost 3 in a row, di.ckhead. Thinking is a skill. Learn it before you type.
mccoywajmu::we lost one game..the heat have lost 3 straight..and until orlando beats us.....i ll just leave it at that
WatkinsUSMC:::) ur just making yourself look stupid and making this easier for me mccoy and ryno
WatkinsUSMC::this would be magics..... 4th in a row BTW
WatkinsUSMC::obviously so do bulls.....
mccoywajmu::heat need to worry about how to stop losing games before they worry about chicago
mwlevine::Bulls have $38M tied up in 3 guys who collectively today provided 35 pts. in close to 100min. of play. Bulls fans think their GM is a genius. Looks to me like he knows how to waste money. You heard it hear when the Bulls one dimensional squad gets bounced yet again, all there fans will be calling to blow up this supposedly "deep" team. Oh, and Luol Deng is not an All Star Chicago, stop being delusional....
kdogownsu::Pretty sure heat r ec since they made it to finals
dwstate105::haha since when do people start bragging about being conference champs, went down in the history books lol
mccoywajmu::EC Champs? thats your highlight..great..loser...
WatkinsUSMC::I'll attempt it... umm we are the youngest team in the NBA, have the record for YOUNGEST TEAM EVER to reach the NBA finals... lets see what else... ooooo 2009 EC Champs... so..... what were u saying?
WatkinsUSMC::what? u make no since.... are u okay?
mccoywajmu::coming from the fan of an organization that has never won anything and whose best players what out that means a lot
WatkinsUSMC::Rose resigning with the Bulls was a waste of Rose's time.. should of went elsewhere... he'd have  abetter shot at winning a ring...
mccoywajmu::you feel better?  you can through just about every team in the league and poiint out wasted money
mccoywajmu::none of this matters really..we lost...move on..guys get healthy...our legacy is written in the post season..we swept miami last year and it meant nothing in the post season...so these regular season games dont mean anything to us...get the title..at the end of the year..no one remembers regular season games
mccoywajmu::dont correct that clown..let him speak the ignorance
colimabear::BOOM! 1. Kobe Bryant, LAL32.0   2. LeBron James, MIA29.5   3. Kevin Durant, OKC25.8   4. Carmelo Anthony, NY25.5     5. Kevin Love, MIN  25.0
mccoywajmu::kobe has had 4 nights of 40 and is going for his 5thh night with 40 tonight
WatkinsUSMC::once again mccoy showing his intelligence.... BUT hey, like U SAID MCCOY... Bulls do suck :)
mccoywajmu::kobe is leading the league in scoring...you clearly arent paying attention
WatkinsUSMC::lets see.... ohhh I know why, KD35.... thats why, hes on fire right now.... Hes starting off better than he was last season and hes already leading the league in scoring again.....
andrewcubs1::what makes you think the grizz cant beat the thunder? they took them to 7 last year without Rudy Gay
andrewcubs1::MEM*
WatkinsUSMC::hahaha what? Okay, you have to go through,,,, ATL, MAGIC, LAKERS, DALLAS, MIAMI and OKC... don't think so... maybe next year? or the year after... who knows..
mccoywajmu::i wont need to write your name down...because when dwight gets traded in February you are going to deactivate your account
WatkinsUSMC::haha... wow, you can't be this dumb... well, yea u can.. oh well... We will see, I'm gonna write ur name down MCCOY because I wanna be the first person to type u WHEN your bulls dont make it to the finals :)
mccoywajmu::went through atlanta when they were at full strength....dallas lakers and okc are in the west dont have to worry about them until the finals...the magic? we need to worry about a team thats best player wants to be traded.....Miami is our only comp..in the east
rynodesign::I make no excuses for the Bulls. You can't win every game. The Bulls have a great record and have played very well this season. Undefeated at home. No team and I don't care who they are has not scored over 70 points in the UC. This season will be full of ups and downs. Like a 3 games losing streak for Miami. Is that going to last? Hell no. Will the Bulls bounce back tomorrow. Hell yes. The Bulls put the hurting on the Grizz last time they played and good players don't forget that. They came out strong and put it to the Bulls. The Bulls are more than able to compete without D Rose. Just an off night against a team that wanted it more. If Thibbs thought it was so important of a game Rose would have played. I am sure it was eating up rose watching that game. This team has not been at full strength yet and when they are they will be dangerous.
grizz_nation_will_rise::uh....no dude. Atlanta scored over 70
superman253540::wasnt at the uc grizz nation
rynodesign::Yeah not a pretty game. But what the hell. You can't win them all and the Grizz are a tough gritty team.
colimabear::Using ONE team getting over 70 makes it sound even better to me. The team D is so good that I am starting to always expect sub-20 quarters from the opposition. Today they were just flat.
Eddie_Z8::Yes, Rose didn't play and the bulls played like shi.t. It was just one game we'll bounce back..BULLS!!
WatkinsUSMC::We have the RECORD FOR YOUNGEST NBA TEAM TO DO SO ALSO.... SLAPPPPP
rynodesign::That means nothing without a ring.
WatkinsUSMC::OKC just moved and so did NO
WatkinsUSMC::and the youngest team in the NBA...
rynodesign::The Magic were founded in 89 and have been to the Championship 2 times and lost both. That is some accomplishments. 1995 and 2009. Wow.
rynodesign::98 was the last. It really hasn't been that long of a rebuild. For most teams it takes awhile to climb back. For the celtics it was 86 all the way to 2008. AS a Bulls fan I have no problem with that.
colimabear::East Champs-Thats Pretty Funny. Did you buy a T-Shirt that says Magic 2009 NBA runner-up? BOOM!
colimabear::I already blew you up so you can't be slapping me! I guess your life began a decade ago which makes you what 11-12 years old?
WatkinsUSMC::can u say u were any kind of champs this past decade??? SLAP!!!!!!!!!
WatkinsUSMC::least we have been to the finals this past decade... u have no idea what its like.... not since 1990's..... man, what was that... almost 20 years ago... wow, you guys are hurting...
superman253540::Watkins, once dwight leaves u better pray for another number 1, because u will need it.  PS my bulls went to 6 finals and won 6. how bout yours?
JRPH223::Are you trying to argue that Magic are better than Bulls? When did Orlando win a championship? And which team lost Shaq and may lose Howard?
mccoywajmu::when you have 6 banners in the ceiling for championships you dont celebrate winning the conference
WatkinsUSMC::BOOOOOOOOOOOOM!
WatkinsUSMC::yup, and more to come.... man, I love coming on these bulls boards and messing with yall... You get one get team every 30 years and u swear your gods gift... lol ur team is gonna do well and then BOOM!!!!! outta the first round.... hahaha
mccoywajmu::bulls suck and we beat yall in yall building....without rip
WatkinsUSMC::what lol... boston... what are u talking about... wow, go read a book or something... bulls suck...GO MAGIC!!!!!!!!!
rynodesign::Congrats on that.
mccoywajmu::2009? its 2012! Boston was great in 2009 you clown
WatkinsUSMC::hey, who was the 2009 East Champs??? When was Chicago??
rynodesign::Confused by your post Watkins.
mccoywajmu::out in the first round? o you mean like the magic last year?! BOOM
mccoywajmu::what 2 blowouts?
FingerRoleJoeTM::thats 2 blowouts...
royboy1978::Stop with the Rose didn't play therefore the Bulls will lose anyways excuse.
JRPH223::I think Bulls wouldve still lost if Rose played.
mccoywajmu::no excuse...we lost..play tomorrow..go bulls
WatkinsUSMC::WOW GREAT GAME BULLS!!! wait... oh thats right, you lost... I thought all you chicago fans said they wouldnt be beat and they were the best but yet.... u lost to a sorry team like memphis.... man, ROSE is  ur only player... u got no bench, just like I said, without ROSE ur garbage.... Go MAgic...
grizz_nation_will_rise::Hey guess what watkins? Memphis is as good, if not better, than the current orlando magic. We are a good team and would take you anyday
WatkinsUSMC::haha thats your come back? who doesnt beat NY and dwight always plays...   HE HAD 8 POINTS TONIGHT aND FOULED OUT!!!!  HE HAD 2POINTS AT HALFTIME!!!/..... ???????? what do u gotta say now? least howard plays when hes hurt.... Rose can't even play through menstrual cramps...
mccoywajmu::NY doesnt defend anyone can beat them...they have already showed how bad they are..toronto and charlotte beat them at home....now you are proud you beat them? cool just shows how far your magic have fallen from relevance
mccoywajmu::you beat NY congratulations..the bobcats beat them too...who doesnt beat NY?
mccoywajmu::Dwight howard always plays dumb s h i t
WatkinsUSMC::omg... ur a $@%!$@.... u just said the same thing your boyfriend said and I just told u... 2 POINTS AT HALF TIME... HOW IS THAT A GAME CHANGER TODAY???? ITS NOT, MAGIC WON WITHOUT MAGIC...  besides... He even said, if the magic win, make moves, he will stay in ORLANDO.... all u hear is what the $@%!$@% in CHICAGO tell ya...
mccoywajmu::blaming the media? HE SAID HE WANTS TO BE TRADED....And i really dont care what you did you today...we already beat yall clowns...thanks though...
WatkinsUSMC::1 game.... and u got blown out by a... now .500 team BLOWN OUT!!!!!!!!!
Eddie_Z8::Dwight Howard played tonight you dumbas.s
WatkinsUSMC::RIGHT 8 POINTS..... WOOWOWOWOOWW... He had 2 points at halftime .... ur an idiot....look at the facts before you come to your boyfriends rescue...
WatkinsUSMC::yea because hes gone right.... wow, listen to the media right.... too bad hes still playing in a Magic jersey..... I guess ur too dumb to figure that out huh... However, unlike your team... Mine can still win without howard... proved that tonight... u cant do anything without rose... lol, you proved that tonight also GO MAGIC
mccoywajmu::Go Magic? you guys are so nice your superstar doesnt want to be their anymore....gooo magic!
FingerRoleJoeTM::Chicago fans will tell you how deep they are, but if Rose isn't playing they would be at the bottom of the Eastern Conference no doubt about it
andrewcubs1::those rims are almost as tight as golden state
andrewcubs1::yeah, that place is bull s.hit
grizz_nation_will_rise::Come on, you know energy solutions arena is bull shi.t
andrewcubs1::at utah (hell) hahaha
grizz_nation_will_rise::yeah hahaha
colimabear::Memphis has won 6 games this year, 5 of which were at home, thus ONE road win so far.
grizz_nation_will_rise::hey moron, our road games have been the tough ones on our schedule (with the exceptoin of okc twice, both of which were winnable for the grizz). Losses at SA, Chicago, Utah, and LA are respectable
FingerRoleJoeTM::not true
colimabear::Well he is playing and is one of the five best in the league! Same can be said for any team that is missing its best player.
andrewcubs1::when you dont do your hw, you look bad.
andrewcubs1::losses were on the road at San Antonio, at Chicago, at Utah (hell), and at Lakers. You are incorrect.
colimabear::Are you on the team? you say "our next 5..."   Being that Memphis is playing .500 ball and has won ONE game on the road all year, I imagine that they will win between two and four of their next six.
andrewcubs1::not the grizz. .500 record and about to win our next 5 against weak competition.
bigtenbetterthansec::what the h happened in this game?
andrewcubs1::aww give me a break. ZBO is more important to his respective team than rose
rynodesign::I am a fan of Randolph. Just stating the facts from this season.
rynodesign::Plus the Grizz have a much better record without Randolph.
mccoywajmu::zac is a great player an all star but these consistent comparisons to not having him is the same as bulls not having rose is asinine
grizz_nation_will_rise::Z BO is just as important to the Grizzlies as Rose is to the Bulls. Give me a break.
JRPH223::Im calling $@%!$@%!. Memphis has Gay and Gasol.
colimabear::Pretty sure Rose is #1 at his poistion and Randolph isn't. Pretty sure that with the crazy schedule, there are gonna be lots of games where teams are flat. Sure the Bulls will have a better record than the Griz. Sure I would lay $ on the Bulls if they played a series with the Griz.
mccoywajmu::Zac Randolph is not an equivalent of derrick rose
kenne51::and the rest of the team didnt play good defense
FingerRoleJoeTM::Rose didn't play
brokenmouse::LOL the headline on espn's page says G AY Grizzlies jump Bulls. LOL
SWIFTSLICK::No MVP. No other star to cover when D.Rose has an off night.  Result. Loss. No surprise.
TravisMcJones::rip is supposed to be that guy
bigtenbetterthansec::Bulls will need to trade for a good secondary shooter mid season
grizz_nation_will_rise::Can I get some Memphis predictions this year in the West? Z BO will be back in about a month, but no arthur for the season. 1 seed - OKC 2 seed - LAL 3 seed - DAL 4 seed - LAC 5 seed - DEN 6 seed - MEM 7 seed - SA 8 seed - POR  How's that sound?
ZayForever77::You may have an argument with the Spurs...but I would have to disagree with your Portland comment.  No way they finish 8th in the West.  I would guess a 4 seed or up.  Quite honestly though, I don't think any of the seeding really matters, because I don't think any team in the West has what it takes to knock off the Thunder.  Of course, I'm basing my opinion off of what I've seen thus far in the season.  Long way to go.
grizz_nation_will_rise::SA has no Manu, they are done for a while. And Portland isin't that good.
buller23::SA is in first place. and portland isnt that good???????????????????????
ZayForever77::I don't think the Grizzlies will finish above the Spurs or the Blazers.  And with Randolph gone an extended period of time, making the playoffs may be an uphill battle.
FingerRoleJoeTM::Boozer is one of my least favorite players in the league...who talks $@%! while you should be embarrassed?   Only player I know that will talk crap while being manhandled by half of the leagues PF's
TheSixthHeatle::Boozer got used by Chris Bosh, need I say more!
FingerRoleJoeTM::obviously I watch the Bulls a little bit more than you do..
brokenmouse::Buller, I'm a Bulls fan, and you need to get some floor seats and watch what he does off camera...or just get one of the TNT or NBC action cam streams on your computer
buller23::arent u the same idiot who said the bulls are a 1 man show??????????????? u must not watch the bulls
FingerRoleJoeTM::end of the game, boozer is outscored and out rebounded by the other PF's.  and if its Josh Smith been dunked on 3 times
FingerRoleJoeTM::get that $@%! outta here!!
FingerRoleJoeTM::Gimme that $@%!!
buller23::what are u talking about.????????? oh wait u dont no what ur talking about.
FingerRoleJoeTM::Chicago is a 1 man show
FingerRoleJoeTM::look at his numbers the last time they played in Atlanta
mccoywajmu::just ask the hawks....they couldnt shut down rose
FingerRoleJoeTM::Just ask the Hawks. Shut down Rose shut down Bulls
grizz_nation_will_rise::No... they have other good players. But they are certainly easier to beat without rose.
phxpilot3::i wonder where bill ontario is right now
ZayForever77::I think it's safe to say that the Bulls weren't going to go 64-2 this season.  They were bound to lose again eventually.  They got caught snoozing....Rose or not, and the Grizzlies took it to them the first half. We dropped the lead from 27 to 9 and just ran out of gas.  Grizzlies won...onto the next game.  No need in arguing over what team is better.  Yes, we have a great record...but none of that means a thing without a ring.  Good game Grizz...Bulls, get ready for PHX.  OAN: Noah should have been benched earlier.  His terrible playing was just a domino effect that lead up to a 20 pt lead for the Grizz.  Boozer is a hack, but at least he can give some type of offensive production some nights.
ZayForever77::Last year, I was dead set against trading Noah. Now, I'm not so sure.  I doubt trading Noah and Booze for Howard is an option...but I'd be all for it at this point.  I was initially against trying to bring Howard in, but I'm not so sure anymore.   Also, I don't think starting Taj OR Omer is the answer.  Their stellar play with the Bench Mob is our strength. We shouldn't risk disrupting that.  Boozer isn't going anywhere with that contract...he brings enough offense to where I can stomach him, but he needs to stop hacking so much!
JRPH223::How about Noah and Asik for Love?
bballboi33::Well Said
mccoywajmu::I agree...pretty much completely
ZayForever77::...also, the Bulls have a turnover problem.  I can't help but notice the Bulls don't take care of the ball at times. Silly turnovers...that are usually unforced.
TheSixthHeatle::As stat geeks like to say, it all evens out as the season goes on. I think people underestimate how every team playing the Heat, play their best ball or at least try to. Miami being the favs get every teams best effort. The 4th is what it is, could be fatigue, poor execution, not using James Jones enough, not enough Wade and Lebron pick and rolls, and some poor coaching. FT shooting is my personal peeve. You risk your body and livelihood going to the lane and getting hacked, to miss a freebie? Its the basics that make a team good, as the Mavs.   In Riley I Trust
TheSixthHeatle::Clogging the paint with bodies is the Bulls forte and they do get a ton of 24 sec violations, brought about by good defense.  The Bulls defense is tip top. You eluded to the sloppy play, Miami too can get very sloppy, but still out steal their opponents. The Bulls remind me of the Pistons with Isaiah, tough inside and with Rip now have a secondary scorer (Dumars) and ball handler.   Miami and the Bulls are the two horse's in the race IMO, but you never know, the Sixers and Indiana are solid teams. The Heat have a big problem too, themselves! Carelessness with the ball, FT's, and TO's, Miami gets healthy and a contribution from Pittman or Curry and The Bulls-Heat series could be epic. Bulls are playing well and look better now, but like you said things change.
buller23::did u no that the heat are a +11 in the first 3 quarters and - 22 in the 4th???????
ZayForever77::Doesn't surprise me.  The Bulls are defensive powerhouse, but not in the sense of playing passing lanes.  We just simply  have a wall of bigs that block any shot near the rim: Particularly Gibson and Asik.  Our strength is more of forcing bad shots and blocking...and scoring JUST enough to outscore the other team.  Plus, the Bulls are EXCELLENT at team defense, which I argue is more effective than individual performances.    The Bulls are more like a boa constricting than an axe that cuts of plays when it comes to defense.  What I'm most concerned about is the Bulls carelessness with the ball.  Our weakness plays into the Heat's strength.  I'm mentioning the Heat because it's assumed they will be our main competition. I just hope the Bulls can get that sloppy ballhandling under control.  Or else the Heat will love it.  At this point in the season, and it's a long way until the playoffs, I think the Bulls can beat the Heat in a 7 games series...but of course, things change.  There is no way to know what the Bulls will play like until Rip comes back and we're playing at full strength.
TheSixthHeatle::Bulls opponents avg. more steals and less turnovers than the Bulls.
bballboi33::I use to like the Bulls until they hating $@% fans got on here today... smh. Memphis still has love for D Rose though
Griss13ears::Didn't D Rose cost Memphis an entire season for cheating? I'm always surprised that Memphis fans still support him. Not a Tigers fan myself (went to UT) so I don't really have that perspective. Just curious really. He doesn't even claim the U of M when they announce him at home games. Everyone else says what college they came from, except Derrick, who says Chicago. Maybe that gets him more love from the home town. I don't know. I'm really not trying to be a smart $@% to my fellow grizz fans. I just hear it a lot and don't get it.
Griss13ears::Really? What part, genius?
bballboi33::HUH????? WHAT???? dude u are dead wrong
mccoywajmu::hate hate hate
grizz_nation_will_rise::what?
grizz_nation_will_rise::Hey I still love d rose. look what he did for my tigers, memorable year.
bballboi33::No matter what these hating $@% fans do, I will always be a D Rose fan because of what he did for the Tigers
buller23::we dont care we have enough fans
bballboi33::I go to Chicago every year but i had no idea they had so many haters
mccoywajmu::who hated?
grizz_nation_will_rise::Like if you found Rip Hamilton inside your washing machine yesterday.
buller23::12  - 3&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;6-6
grizz_nation_will_rise::Yeah see I would laugh at that except for the fact that it is only an immature, irrelevant comment coming from an ignorant, attention-seeking moron.
mccoywajmu::feel better?
mccoywajmu::washed up? really?  that whole dallas team must of been washed up then...
mccoywajmu::yeah he pulled his groin banging your girlfriend
grizz_nation_will_rise::Everyone: Look at the comment to which I am replying if you want to discover the essence of modern-day America. So sad..
grizz_nation_will_rise::And there you would be correct haha
buller23::who gives a f.u.c.k
Jaywashing::Shallow comments are undeserving of deep responses.  Then again, this website is pretty much based on shallow comments.
grizz_nation_will_rise::Only after the morons come walking in. Did you fail to read the first two comments from mccoy and boggey?
grizz_nation_will_rise::Actually boggey I am a senior in high school. I just made a 33 on my ACT. I am considering Notre Dame and Vanderbilt and I will be going to graduate school afterwards. I was also named a National Merit Semifinalist. Sports is a hobby of mine and I very much enjoy arguing with mindless idiots such as yourself.
BOGGEY74::wrong that was his mom!!!!!!!! unless theyre hillbillies
phxpilot3::Is not funny the knicks wind up with the same types of players over the years expecting things to change for them.  Marbury mind as well be carmelo.
fightinillini32::Like if you think Gibson should start over Boozer.
Heat_Fins_Marlins_Canes::bulls rely way too much on rose, which is why they will never win a title until they add another big piece. sorry bulls fans, but that is the honest truth.
chicubbies96::wow meanwhile we have 3 losses, your miami heat (who need I remind you get's EVERY CALL and probably adds 10 points a game on fouls that clear are not fouls, just a result of Lebron crying to the ref) have 4. Come playoff time, well see you in the eastern conference finals, and we will destroy you.
TheSixthHeatle::Chicago and Miami will be a great series, but destroy, c'mooon maan! Chicago couldnt muster two victories in the ECF, Rip isn;t that good!
mccoywajmu::i rather rely on him then lebron
grizz_nation_will_rise::Time to rate the bulls and grizz starting 5 for those saying we would get crushed with rose playing. This is assuming both teams are heatlhy.  rose- 10 out of 10, conley - 8.5 out of 10 brewer - 7.5, allen - 7.5 deng - 9 , gay - 9 boozer - 8.5, randolph - 9.5 noah - 8.5, gasol - 9  both totals are 43.5. I'm open to arguments about these ratings.
colimabear::Coaching-Chemstry-Dedication-Depth-Fans (every home game is a sellout=extra-motivation)Team D-Basketball Smarts-Depth:  Bulls &gt; Griz If D. Rose played today, Conly would have been run ragged and unable to distribute like he did.
chicubbies96::Conley is a 6.5 being generous. Nowhere near 8.5. Marc Gasol is an 7.5. Deng is an 8. Gay is a 7.5
kenne51::gay is coming back from 6 months of not playing basketball so its taken time for him to settle back into the rotation. gay will have the better stats when the season is over. your example was one game as well so your argument holds just as much water as mine. gay is a better finisher, plays the passing lanes better, and creates his own shot more often than deng. i respect deng, think he is underrated, but gay has all-star potential. deng's all-star years are behind him
saadenger11::deng has better statistics, and played better than gay last time. held him to some really low percentage. it was one game. deng IS better. you're the homer.
kenne51::anyone who thinks deng is better than rudy gay doesnt watch basketball or has a huge hometown bias (chicubbies? yep)
Jaywashing::This means absolutely nothing.
grizz_nation_will_rise::Of course it means nothing. They are numbers on an online comment board. But these numbers do suggest that both Chicago and Memphis are quality teams that we will hear from in the playoffs.
grizz_nation_will_rise::Arthur cancels rip mayo cancels gibson cj watson is better than selby or pargo, ill give you that.  pondexter and cunningham definitely cover korver and scal
dabears2253::and what about asik
Griss13ears::Bulls bench may be a touch better. We have our good days and bad days, but a little inconsistent. That being said, we have a bunch of new guys coming off the bench and missing a big piece in D Arthur. Unfortunately I think our bench was better last year.
BOGGEY74::conley is nowhere to 8.5 randdolph had a goodyear but not9.5 dude forreal and allen 5 maybe
Griss13ears::Great points. idiot.
phxpilot3::decent argument however it's not just the starting 5 by themselves how do they play together and how is the bench as well not to mention coaching
Dylans80::bench????
phxpilot3::Scalabrine needs to step to the plate the white mamba did not show up today.  When he does the rest of the world will watch the bulls in a 82-0 season
BOGGEY74::put the blow down bro!!!!!!!!!!
Dylans80::Obviously none of you were watching that New Years Day game in which the bulls won by 40 #stoptalkintrash
bballboi33::Randolph is better than any big man yall have. Gasol is better than any big man yall have. Rudy Gay is better than Deng. RIP is WASHED. yall have Rose thats it.
mccoywajmu::rudy is a better scorer..he is not a better defender...but he most certainly is a better ball hog
grizz_nation_will_rise::Sorry "boggey" I don't understand your argument. You must have been sucking drose's d.ick during your freshman english class.
Dylans80::speights and arthur are garbage. We didnt have rip... also randolph played up until half
grizz_nation_will_rise::Last year we won 46 with a 4-9 start and no rudy for half of the year. Honestly I think 55-60 wins would by no means be unrealistic. Many experts picked us as the 3 or 4 seed this year before we lost arthur and z bo. That was also before battier left, which admittedly hurt us on the bench.
Griss13ears::Pretty sure he went out in the first quarter. Maybe I'm wrong.
Dylans80::valid points. but i mean realistically just think about it. even if ur entire team was healthy, would they get 60+ wins?
grizz_nation_will_rise::speights tore you apart today, and arthur is extremely underrated. feel free to disagree and I dont blame you because not many people see memphis play. But I watch every game and last year he was a key player off the bench especially during the playoffs.
grizz_nation_will_rise::Obviously you were oblivious to the fact that Memphis didn't have conley, randolph, speights, or arthur for that game.
Griss13ears::^ AHHAAHAHAHA! None of them aint $@%!? You are the biggest f'ing moron on this board. Your mastery of the English language and general opinions on anything just amaze me. I hate you.
BOGGEY74::dude none of them aint $@%! bro stop lying to ur self!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
BOGGEY74::thank you!!!!!!!!!
Adam7074::The Bulls played well offensively this game they just couldn't handle the streaky Rudy Gay getting hot. The Grizzlies aren't going to get far unless Gay keeps earning his money like he has in the last three games. I think the Grizzlies need a cool off year to get their priorities straight before they are ready to compete atop the West with the Thunder. Don't forget the Bulls got a huge piece in CJ Watson back and they have struggled the game after getting players back as they play best when they have a rhythm going. Also Rip should be back from Friday and hopefully fully healed so the Bulls should be 100% then we can get a glimpse at the big picture.
mccoywajmu::similar to boozer and noah..zac and gay dont play well together
