Kyle Kramer::I will probably be the only guy in The Palace Saturday night wearing Orange...oh well, go Suns!
Lornet Prather::Boooo!
Mike Williams::good pistons playing, somehow i feel they r going to blow this lead lol   if they do u heard it here first  btw jennings playing a hell of a game i mean holy crap
Mark Mattson::where has THAT jennings been?  made the smart passes, didn't force anything, used his big men...if he would play that unselfishly and smart on a consistent basis then i would love him.
Colin Ziolkowski::Phoenix has a better team than anyone thought they would! They gave up on Kendall Marshall and Wesley Johnson before they developed! At least they got the other Morris twin and they were smart enough to hold on to Dragic with how injury prone the talented Bledsoe is! They also were smart enough to identify Jeff Hornicek as a great NBA Head Coach because he is! But the Suns have a very good chance to be a good team this year and they could make a run at seeds # 4,5,or,6 with the right pick up at the trade deadline! The Milwaukee Bucks happen to have everything the Suns are missing! They need a 2 Guard who's Clutch and plays good D in Neal. The Bucks also have 1 of the Best Stretch 4's in the game being that he does far more than shoot in Ersan Illyasova!  Gary Neal, Ersan Illyasova,and their Top Second Round pick (which will be h...igh) for the 2 highest of Phoenix's 4 First Round picks in next Summers Draft! Milwaukee truly needs to add 2 to 3 First Round picks to go with the young core they have while Phoenix would not only get rid of a couple of the picks they can't have anyway! And on top of all of that, they would get G.Neal in the first year of a 2 year deal with a club option and Illyasova is in the second of a 5 year deal. Both Contracts are team friendly being how good both players are proven to be! The Bucks would get a chance to truly rebuild fast with 3 Picks that would turn out to all be Lottery picks because we all know that Players picked #15 through #30 could all be talented enough to be Top 15 picks in any other Draft! Milwaukee is already gonna get 1of the 4 best players in next years Draft after getting the Best Overall Talent in last years Draft in Antetokounmpo! Milwaukee will no doubt get either Wiggins,Parker,Randle,or Embiid to go along with the best talent available with any of their 4 other overall picks! Which I hope they find a way to get 2 of the Top 20 picks because they'll both be quality NBA players! Phoenix would be a far better team with Neal and Illyasova there to help in a tough Western Conference! GO BUCKS 2014!!See More
Mark Mattson::brandon jennings should be no higher than third in shot attempts for the pistons on any night, many nights he should be 4th.  smith and monroe should always have more attempts, and drummond should have more on many occasions.  that is the only way they will stay consistent.
Allen Greene::Jennings has got to get rid of the street ball mentality.
Jeffrey Muhr::Pistons beat a good team... Nice to see them get back on track with a couple of wins after a nasty losing streak. I still think Detroit can get above .500 and finish the season there.
Mark Mattson::see what happens when jennings doesn't just chuck up random 3's in transition and slop up bad shots?  the pistons have the pieces in the post to be a very good team.  USE THEM!
Genya Kilimnik::Josh Smith with two huge buckets to finish off the Sun's. Pistons starting to look more like the team they imagined when they assembled this group.
Tomas Bono::Jennings amazing first half? How about the stats of the team as a whole... 24 assists on 30 field goals. Now that's teamwork.
Genya Kilimnik::Lol they dont call Tucker for an obvious foul than the next time down they call a foul that did not happen on Tucker. Only in the NBA.
Barry N McCockiner::The Suns lost last night because they got out rebounded. Hopefully that won't happen tonight.
Jake Gibbs::Pistons are a VERY good rebounding team.....but that's all they do well.
Barry N McCockiner::I expect them to get out rebounded. I just hope they don't lose because of it.
Lornet Prather::Barry N McCockiner
Deema Gnatishin::I don't know why anyone would be happy one of the only teams in the nba to be able to blow 18 point lead unreal
Scott Carter::Jennings with 16ast in the 1st half?? Gotta be some kind of Piston record.
Mark Mattson::tied zeke's record for assists in a half.
Mike Pauls::Drummond ..a beast on the boards, but has he ever had an assist?
James D. Smith::Are people still thinking Phoenix is going anywhere?
Ruth Miller::Have to remember they are missing a key cog in Bledsoe.
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::suns that was your chance to cut the lead b4 half time. when det was cold
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::suns lack of rebounders are killing them again.
Mang Artemio::pistons is doing it again in the 4th... hassle up boys
Mark Mattson::drummond has 9 blocks in the last 4 and a half quarters...
Jake Gibbs::Jennings with 11 assists early the 2nd quarter.
Las Vegas IM::The total has gone OVER in 5 of Detroit's last 5 games at home
Jake Gibbs::Good to see Caldwell Pope's game improving.
Allen Greene::Why cant the Pistons play like this all the time?
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::PJ TUCKER for THREE
Robbie Massey::Go Suns!
