ymruse::bai du lin shu hao ba lai fang , zhi chi lin su hao!
venerican1::76ers are a joke!!!!!
LinGoGoGo::so hot
CD Dogg::ESPN, can't you fire somebody and make it all better?
CD Dogg::Sympathies to the Commissioner. How on earth will he hold up through this trying time.
CD Dogg::THIS IS LINSANE!!!!!!
johanxx@126.com::J.R sucks.
MMMMEEEEEEEEELLLLLOOOOOOOOOOOOO::I remember all the idiots talkin during the reg season of the gggggggmennnnn. FIRE COUGHLIN, ELI ISN'T ELITE, THE D IS TERRIBLE. SAME TALK FOR THE KNICKS, FIRE D'ANTONI, MELO ISN'T A SUPERSTAR, THE D IS TERRIBLE,     WELL HOW DID ALL THAT TALK WORK OUT FOR THE GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGMEN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
venerican1::how did it work out for antoni?
johanxx@126.com::Lin really did a good job.
Bradleyboy25::Big ET is fagier than bobby hurley
evanturnerbestshootingguardthankobe::Evan Turner was done an injustice by the Sixers not putting him in the starting lineup from the time he was drafted. In college Turner was being compared to Oscar Robertson and now that he is starting for the Sixers he is showing why that comparison is warranted with his rebounding skills as a guard.
Bradleyboy25::evan turner is such a bozo
76ermixer::Evan Turner just needed the ball in his hands now he shows why everyone on the sixers says he is the best player and why he was POY in college and also why he was the number 2 pick in the draft him iggy jrue spence thad sweet lou even EB is a great veteran to have on ur team and with nik and lavoy looking more promising as the days go on philly is a team to be reckoned with
evanturnerbestshootingguardthankobe::Philadelphia 76ers Guard Evan Turner is Far from a Bust,26 points 15 rebounds and 6 assist confrms that are u kidding me those are oscar robertson type numbers.theres not one single guard in the nba that is putting up those numbers......
Bradleyboy25::but while your at it. why dont you get down on your knees and start praising a little harder
Bradleyboy25::im just talking about his personality
Bradleyboy25::i mean, its so bad, hes worse than donovan mcnabb. like the air banjo before the playoff game vs dallas. thats how big a quafe he is
Bradleyboy25::Evan Turner is the biggest queeeeff in the entire NBA.
World Champs t y Dirk::"I have as many championship rings as Melo and Lebron and I am a loser that hangs out on stupid ESPN threads"    regards,  Everyone Here
roybus14::You couldn't expect that there wouldn't a problem when Melo returned and when the league "got film" on Lin.  The problem with this team is not having a coach that can get the right system on both ends for these guys to run.   The Phoenix Suns style of play does not work in the Eastern Conference.  The EC is a grinders conference and if you don't play defense and you can't effectively run half-court sets, you won't win, especially in N.Y.  Riley laid the blue print with Ewing and that crew and if not for MJ and Da Bulls, would have gotten at least one ring (not blaming Starks v. Houston).    Lin looks tired because it's take stamina and strength to run in the EC every night and it's not helping that Amare and Melo are basically Western Conference wing guys.  D'Antoni has to adjust to what he has and get this team an identity.  Lin has to now adjust his game to the adjustements that are being made to him.  Like Rose, Paul, DWilliams, Westbrook, Rondo, etc.  You know what they bring to the table night in and night out but nobody can stop them.  Lin needs to get that.  But again, Lin getting that is still not going to solve their problem.
djzedx::NO ONE on the Knicks play D...Daphony's Teams never played Defense. That's way the run and gun Suns never won. By the way, besides the suns what other team has he coached? Can the coach, Lins comes of the bench as a Sixth man,Baron the veteran starters and play inside out with Melo on the opposite side of the court in  iso..Play some Defense and the Knicks will get by the Bulls in the playoffs but lose to the Heat..
lbcguy2000::Could work but this is the problem.  B. Davis has a tendency to jack up shots left and right and he still doesn't look 100%.  The turnovers will go down but the offense will likely stagnate.   If Melo is angry now about his number of touches you can imagine how ticked off he's going to be if Davis starts throwing up shots.  Can Davis really become a distributor?  His history would indicate that is not the case.
Jeter002NYY::Future Sixth Man Award Recipient, Camelo Anthony. That should be his goal for the team instead of trying to outduel his friend Lebron, Wade, and Kobe for the scoring title and costing his team any chance they have to win games by shooting 40% for the year. Worst trade in NBA history, Gallo, Felton, Wilson Chandler, Koufos and Mozgov for Melonoma.
44dolfan44::This team is embarrassing. All this talent, no results! Somebody's got to go. 'Melo or Coach. This team supposedly had enough talent to compete with the elite's of the league and challenge for a championship. What ever happened to that? What ever happened to Amare's "We're going hunting down in south beach" attitude? All talk coming from New York. This team is still the joke of the NBA. A decade and counting.
theseck::Ever since Heat game, player analysts tends to focus on JLin's TO more than the opponent's TO. JLin left paint dribbling skills rather than Carmelo's shooting slumps. Interesting article why Knicks will not work out any time soon. http://biojungle.blogspot.com/2012/03/lin-vs-knicks-or-linsanity-was-pleasant.html
griffithjunior::Its a team effort or lack of effort on D and some bad coaching, not just Melo. Amare was in the MVP race last year; nowhere to be found this year and Fields acts like he is scared to shoot on some nights .  This team is loaded with talent just have to play together.  They can and should be the 3rd or 4th best team in the east.
griffithjunior::They will make the playoffs because they can only get better and the Bucks and every team below them are pretty bad.
BlacknSilverNation4ever::chicks won't even make the playoffs book it
HppyDppySportsGuy::Why haven't the Knicks fired the coach yet?
ChimeraLycan::for the same reason Melo is still a starter
mark35345::Melo is one a step away from becoming a "sixth man" for the Knicks. It could be beneficial to the win -loss column. Something has to be done to offset Amare's sudden lack of explosion and Melo's no defense. It started with anthony's minutes being shaved last night..
dannyweinst::Come on Mike D, make the tough call and sit Melo and his marginal offense and terrible D for 1 game and disperse the minutes and give at least 28 to Novak.  Just try it.  Say Melo's nursing a a PIA.  (The one he's been to all us Knick fans.)
WaaaaaaaWaaaaaaaWaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa::I remember all the idiots talkin during the reg season of the gggggggmennnnn. FIRE COUGHLIN, ELI ISN'T ELITE, THE D IS TERRIBLE. SAME TALK FOR THE KNICKS, FIRE D'ANTONI, MELO ISN'T A SUPERSTAR, THE D IS TERRIBLE,   WELL HOW DID ALL THAT TALK WORK OUT FOR THE GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGMEN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
PHLYGUY555::its all new york fans that said that about Giants
ChimeraLycan::melo isn't a superstar. above average - yes. great or superstar - no.
pastertroy24::Look everyone need to stop Blaming Melo cause we're losing ball games. A'mare hasn't done crap this whole season he doesn't play defense to save his life and Jeremy Lin will be a great point gaurd but right now he has to stop turning the ball over so dang much. I hate how you guys keep on blaming Melo for everything that goes wrong with the Knicks. why can't we blame Mike D'antoni too? our defense sucks we need a new COACH.
AYU2::Melo play much more serious than before.Hope hime get along with lin better and better and our lin fans only wish lin don't be injured and take good care of himself. That's ok
srpayne73::you can blame them all.. but part of being the 'super star'  is taking the blame when your team SUCKS
ChimeraLycan::nice try but no. it's melo. and Stat does play defense. Stat can't do anything unless they decide to run the offense thru him like they did when he first came AND they were winning. for whatever $@%!$@%! reason, he's been knocked down on the totem poll and Lin and Melo are the first options when they shouldn't be.
SumthinLikeAChamp::that's too over simplified.
emaldonado864::Why blame Melo?  HMMM.  Maybe because they win without him and lose with him?  If its everybody else's fault then why did they go on a winning streak when Melo was out of the lineup?  Sounds pretty simple to me.
KThonk::5000+ comments and about 12 of them are about the Sixers, the team that actually won the game. Turner makes this team look as good as they have ever looked. Hawes comes back this week, finally getting healthy and going to make a push for that 3 spot.
76ermixer::its because knicks fans need to do something becuz watching the NYK play is too painful lmao and yes i cant wait to see the team with spencer back in the lineup and a set with spence jrue ET iggy and nikola all size speed floor running and the ability to shoot the ball it sounds nasty to even think about
o041488::Hasn't developed due to not getting regular minutes in my honest opinion.
lbcguy2000::I am a Turner fan as well but he hasn't developed as quickly as I thought he would.  This may be his breakout season.
BigEazy_BigDance::Evan Turner is a stud. I liked the kid since his days at OSU.
furior44::Obviously JEREMY LIN inspires all his rivals! He's made everyone better: Rondo, D Will, Tony Parker, Ilyasova, Dunleavy, Jennings, Lou Williams, Evan Turner, you name it!
76ermixer::no that just shows that Lin cant play any D lmao are u kidding me he has inspired them. wat a joke they should inspire him to stop turning the ball over so much
djzedx::You can't be serious...Are you saying that LIN inspired Rondo( who has a ring), Parker (who has rings), and D-will( a prove all star serveral times in his career). This Lin guy that you speak of, you're saying he has inspired these great point guards to be better and he has play but 20 games in his career??? You need a job on EspMMMMMM
griffithjunior::But you blame Melo. This team would be better if Davis was a starter. Lin is still learning. The guy is basically a rookie and it shows. He can play but too many mistakes.  That win streak was due to the fact that he was an unknown that caught people by surprise.  After that Miami game teams started trapping and using the double team on him and he hasn't handle it well.  Chauncey, Andre Miller, even Lawson off the bench had no problem with Melo.  Lin runs the offense its his job to get players involved.
ChimeraLycan::no, those other PGs just prove to the media that Lin isn't as great as they tried to make him.
ofsfan::Jeremy looked tanked by the 4th quarter yesterday.  He seems to have trouble finishing it the paint, the outside shots are coming up short &amp; the passes aren't as crisp as earlier.  The condensed season is taking it's toll on him.  Baron needs to step it up off the bench, so Jeremy can rest more.
yale203::Lin is still shooting impressive points each night.
76ermixer::5 of 18 is not impressive
marting260::rose!
pk9394::why the hell people typing chinese on an english site?. Learn to type english or go away and some of those reply don't even make a god damn sense in chinese.
pk9394::see that wasn't so hard to type english, if you want to type chinese go back to Baidu.
marting260::ignorant f u c k
marting260::cuz some people actually know chinese in here?
agoods03::Jesus guys it's clear, We won 7 straight without Melo.  He comes back and we're 2-7.  It's not just the quality of teams either, before his injury we lost to BAD teams, now we still lose to BAD teams.  When he was gone we dominated the lakers.  It's clear that he is the issue.  He's a cancer to the team just like EVERY nuggets fan tried to tell us.
SumthinLikeAChamp::Philly has been a better team than the knicks ALL season long.
Johnson95135::You dominated a Lakers team that had just played in Boston the night before and did not get to the hotel until 2am the next day.  This year you can't judge potential off of one game,  so many teams come in tired and ragged with this schedule.  Hell the Lakers beat Miami and then lost to Detroit and Washington.  This season is nuts.  lol
Sgonzo10::i am sooooooooooooooooo glad that the heat went with bosh instead of amare thanks pat!!!!!
SilkyJohnson75::As much as I would like to trade Melo, he's untradeable.....unless the deal is super sweet, or he's in the last year of his contract.  I'm not hating Melo, but this roster, with this coach, won't work, no matter how much time you give them for chemistry.  You have to move either the coach, or one of these two superstars.  When I say move, that's either:  1.  Trade one, or 2.  Send one to the second unit.  Option 2 makes more sense, but who will buy into that....................willingly?
yale203::Lin has been playing good ball.  The rest of the team has been struggling.  I think Lin will put up some serious points tonight.
76ermixer::no thats Lin 5 of 18 and 6 TO those are D league numbers
Johnson95135::I wouldnt call 5-18 good ball.  lol
Pusherman3::5-18...those are Melo numbers.
pnete::Melo for David Lee. and a pick.
dannyweinst::Melo to the Wiz for their lottery pick.
15pur::No way Mark Jackson would want Melo.
1211mkelly::melo for a bag of balls
annunakiisGod::lin sucks this is so gratifying to watch the knicks crumble after espn crowned the guy
1211mkelly::the knicks are a bad team with a bad coach, it's not surprising they lose a lot of games.  this is the living curse of isiah.  they have a turnover machine at the point and melo needs a heart transplant.
annunakiisGod::espn created all this hype for one of the shittiest players in the league
15pur::Lin is putting the team in trouble. The turnovers are forced turnovers and he is not fun to watch anymore. Those lolipops shots in the paint are not high % shots and his long range shot stinks. He is effective by going to the hole strong. All I want is 12 points 7-8 assist with fewer than 3 turnovers. If he can't do that then he should not a be a starting point guard in the league and I dont want to hear that he is only 1st yr player. 1st yr players dont get many opportunities to take 18 shots  a game
SilkyJohnson75::That's just it.  D'antoni's system is predicated on shot quantity, not shot quality.........which leads to jump shots.  With a log jam in the paint, and players just standing around, penetrating is difficult to do, even for the best PGs.
MMMMEEEEEEEEELLLLLOOOOOOOOOOOOO::HE HASN'T BEEN TAKING MANY SHOTS SINCE HIS FIRST FEW GAMES WHEN HE NEEDED TO  THAT IS  A HUGE PROBLEM WITH EVERYONE ONE THO.  I GOT NO PROBLEM WITH THEM TAKING JUMPERS IF IT'S IN THEIR RANGE, BUT IF YOUR NOT HITTING THEM TAKE IT TO THE HOOP AND TAKE THE HIGH % SHOTS.  TO MANY JUMPERS BEING MISSED BY THE KNICKS
SilkyJohnson75::Good point.  I agree with the stat line.  Lin doesn't have to do more than that.  But his turnovers are just as much a result of the wreckless system he plays in as it is his wrecklessness with the ball sometimes.  Nash didn't have as many turnovers, but he had more than his share in D'antoni's system.
DeAntony007::U sucks
marting260::has anybody here seen harold and kumar xmas...just wondering is its worth renting
marioosez::r u guys making up!!!!!!
MMMMEEEEEEEEELLLLLOOOOOOOOOOOOO::HEY, I NEVER HATED.  I ONLY GIVE IT BACK IF IT IS GIVEN TO ME.  THAT'S THE GAME.  AS YOU CAN SEE I HOOKED HIM UP, I WAS NEVER MAD
MMMMEEEEEEEEELLLLLOOOOOOOOOOOOO::AND IT WAS OK, I SAW IT BACK IN DEC
marting260::forsure
marioosez::lol
MMMMEEEEEEEEELLLLLOOOOOOOOOOOOO::mart as much as your a beatch i'm gonna give you a link. no need to rent  http://www.1channel.ch/index.php?sort=featured
MMMMEEEEEEEEELLLLLOOOOOOOOOOOOO::SORRY, NOTHING MISERABLE ABOUT IT  BUT GET A WIRE OFF OF EBAY AND CONNECT TO YOUR TV  IT WILL CHANGE YOUR LIFE
marting260::first cool thing youve done
mastermanork::lin gallo SG Amare Chandler  would have been a better chemistry team.    &lt;\ &gt;.&lt; ,,!,,
DeAntony007::I would make this team against bulls. see in Chicago
MMMMEEEEEEEEELLLLLOOOOOOOOOOOOO::IT WOULD BE THE SAME THING.  YOU NEED TIME FOR CHEMISTRY TO DEVELOP.   LOOK AT MIA LAST YEAR, THE EAGLES THIS YEAR`
Lakerfresh::Lin wouldn't have been on the team
I wanna talk to Samson::A healthy Sixers team can give the Heat a run for their money.
Trackstar447::i didnt want to step in that one but ^^
marioosez::no way buddy
I wanna talk to Samson::If Melo wasn't who he is, he would be riding the bench by now.
Trackstar447::I never thought he was that great, honestly. hes good, but not best in the league good
mastermanork::carmelo anthony was supposed to be the "hometown hero", and now they boo him lol...
