koka2011::hoya washy yoggy
EdHart81::The thunder have been the real deal for a real deal for a while and i dont think the lakers will be in the conference finals los lakers! But for the next game i think they will take out the clippers and i have why on my blog as well as a nice preview and how to bet the game! http://nbawagers.com/2012/04/the-best-nba-betting-advise-on-the-web-for-thunder-at-clippers/
-LOS LAKERS::DAMN.! The Thunder is the real deal. See u in the WCF . .  L/\KER$
relentlessind127::As a wolves fan i am rooting for the Thunder to win the Finals they deserve it in Oklahoma City...just like in the next few years hopefully we can get to that level and contend...If Love can learn to play defense along with Pekovic's improvement overall and pickup a shooting guard in free agency to start we would be tough...Rubio-Mayo-Beasley-Love-Pek with a very good bench group of Randolph..Barea..derrick williams..
dadburnitson::Rebounding is part of playing defense and Love does it consistently as well or better than anyone else in the NBA.
Dhigh926::As a Thunder fan I'm really scared of the Wolves in the future, they will be a playoff team next year if they stay healthy.
relentlessind127::2  players that need to go to make room for next year are Webster and Wes Johnson..them two just take minutes away from people that actually deserve them..aka Ellington.. Beasley...those two deserve more minutes..And thanks Adelman for finally playing randolph...
CoreyBlair31::http://sportsblogette.blogspot.com/2012/04/sports-blogette-audio-edition-episode-1.html  LeBron James is now wearing a double headband... Andrew Bynum shooting three pointers now? Listen/watch now!!!
Bynum Leads The League In 3 pt attempts::Durant is pretty overrated. Westbrook is the one breaking down the defenses while durant skims the perimeter
littleceaser24::Westbrook is out of control and incossitent
Shackdaddy16::Yeah Durants 20 points in the 4th quarter really showed he can't ball.....
erikthe10man::Dumb comment is dumb. This was one of the FEW nights that Westbrook actually passed the ball. Durant is at least consistent.
damn334::kevin durant after the win talking about keeping firsat place in the west http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DF4QyjJNuXo&amp;feature=channel&amp;list=UL
dcare5457::so perfect durant is the real deal
Dented_rim::Two guys take 48 of 91 shots - YMCA rat ball at its finest.  The Twolves have 3 guards and one isn't even good enough to play - the NBA is a joke.
Nathanater24::As a long time Kobe/Laker fan I hate to say it, but Durant has taken over as the new Kobe/closer. Guy is a beast. Kobe still has it but Durant has those sparks Kobe use to have but doesn't have anymore.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RyKgaeAoa-g
Dented_rim::Did you watch your own video link? Durant couldn't makes those passes to save his life - Durant dribbles more than 3 times and it's a turn over. Durant has less than 10 game winning shots in his career - it's Westbrook that breaks down the other team - I can't even remember ever seeing Durant back down a defender - Kobe has been backing down players nightly for more than a decade. Come back when you learn hoops.
LSD_hookem::Oooh- your fellow inmates are gonna trash you for that!
scottthomas1965::I started betting on sports last year and tried a few pros for picks and never had any real luck. I stumbled upon a sports betting system called sportsbettingstar.com a few months ago. It is a 2 game betting system but I have won more money using this system than any other system I have tried so far. I am making the income of a part time job now just following this system. Thought I would share this if anyone out there is trying to find a betting system that actually works
imakeumoneyforfree2::6 straight winning days!! just on fire and im doing it for free !!!! check this out......http://frankwhitesportsny.blogspot.com/  every play posted and verified i dont just say like scumbag handicappers claim on here ! i prove it ! p2p4u spread the word !
CoreyBlair31::What is up with Lebron James double headband? And Andrew Bynum shooting three pointers???  http://youtu.be/-KORdoKbUzc
nbaplayoffs2O12::Durant is the MVP
Dented_rim::Dream on - Lebron has played a third of the season without Wade - lets see Durant carry the Thunder without Westbrook.
lance_baldwin_lbst::The Wolves are better than their record shows in my opinion. Even though OKC has beaten them 12 straight times, with a healthy team I think the Wolves could be fighting for the 6th-8th seed next season. We will see who they get in the draft, hopefully they shore up on D and trade Michael Beasley for a better core piece. Good game tonight TImeberwolves, and it is not really fair for anyone who plays against the Thunder because they are the most long and athletic team in the league by far. If the Thunder are on then they are unbeatable, and I believe that to be a fact. THUNDER UP!
Chubbs_McGoogan::-Rob Parker is a black skip bayless-  ^^^^  Far as he goes, what do yall think?  Heat fan, Bulls fan?  Maybe a non-playoff team we stomped along the way?  Does he know shooting 50% is good?  Does he know Harden was out Friday night with right knee injury and out of sync?  Does he know TO's come along with being as aggressive and almost leading the league in scoring. (for the 3rd straight season i might add)  Why does he hate such a humble, loyal, talented superstar................answer:  KD isnt on his team.  I feel sorry for you cornholer.
matdog415::pass the ball
LSD_hookem::No
CHRISAV66::guse i was right heat fans did came here
Rob Parker is a black skip bayless::Kevin Durant has more turnovers than assist, (once again). Gives up 26 points to a bench Player. (won't be Mvp)  Westbrick shoots less than 50% once again with 25 shot attempts wtf?  Harden shoots 1-11, 0-8 from three.   This is a pathetic team and will get served up if one of these overrated thrash has a bad night. U won't even get past Spurs, Grizzlies, Lakers
AndrewJWEelch::baggin on a 50% night from WestBROOK...sorry about your dyslexia.  I'm sure you're one of the people defending Kobe's 3 for 25 nights. Keep hating we'll just keep winning.
lance_baldwin_lbst::LOLOLOL what a chub. I love the jealousy. OKC for life yo!
SoonersTheDestroyers::@ Rob Parker is a black skip bayless Your an idiot!!!
Rice chex with sugar::this made me laugh
balltillifall_88::wow, calm down buddy. first of all, i am a grizzlies fan and do not like the thunder. but to call them a pathetic team is kinda overreacting.
Rice chex with sugar::boring day in basketball
Westbrook vs good teams 7-19 22 points 3 assists::Finally, a logical explanation for LeBron's absences http://www.facebook.com/pages/LeBron-exits-games-in-the-4th-quarter-to-receive-Bosley-hair-treatments/294506713958778 .
TubbyTime334::At Least Wolves Are Still Battling With Not Much Left.
texasalltheway000::If Lebron scores 43 points I would bet my life savings it would be on the front page of ESPN.
DidYouSeeThat36::And??
THE TEEGEMAN::CAN ANYONE BEAT THE THUNDER...THE AWESOME DUO...DURANT AND WESTBROOK...ENOUGH SAID....FINALS HERE WE COME...FINALS THEY WILL DOMINATE...IN 4...YES I SAID IN 4!
Bradfor11::The Thunder have mach up problems with the Timberwolves every game we have played against them this year has been close but what matters is the Thunder find a way to win.
dpnorris::JJ seems to play well against OKC. He did last year and he did again this year.
DidYouSeeThat36::If only every critic took this approach, haters would have alot less to talk about
balltillifall_88::im not bein a hater, but durant and westbrook having to score nearly 80 points to beat an injured timberwolves team by 5 is nothing to brag about lol.
TheTristanShow::Webster is so bad.
aise5668::This NBA season is a coronation!  The Thunder are CLEARLY the best team in the league.  This team is equivalent to the Bulls circa 1991
Elijah Goodman05::Aaron rodgers in no doubt the best qb in the nfl.
Westbrook vs good teams 7-19 22 points 3 assists::Finally, a logical explanation for LeBron's absences http://www.facebook.com/pages/LeBron-exits-games-in-the-4th-quarter-to-receive-Bosley-hair-treatments/294506713958778 .
IM A LOSER WE ALL ARE ESPN ON SAT NIGHT::THIS NIGGGGGGA (MY BLACK VOICE)
Pinkycuh::Lol
THE TEEGEMAN::WATCH THE N WORD!  I DONT CARE IF YOU ARE AFRICAN AMERICAN...DONT USE IT!
Brooklyn5th::Okay, am I the only that is bothers that Durant scored 43 on 23 shots, while Westbrook scored 35 on 25 shots?? I mean both men played great, but seriously, something is wrong with that boxscore.
DaMafia14::The problem is DEFENSE.  OKC pours on offense, but the are not good playing DEFENSE at all
DaveOK69::Russ has to get his shots to take a little pressure off KD so he can have games like that.
DidYouSeeThat36::So true, people do not realize the aggressor (Westbrook) opens the game up for others to have solid games.  If Westbrook doesn't do that, teams can home in on Durant more.
CalaisYaY::this is fairly consistent. westbrook tends to shoot more and gets less points
Brooklyn5th::KD was hot though.. at least 4 to 8 more shots should have gone to KD.. i know thats not how it works but come playoff time, i think thats gonna kill em, when westbrook is chuckin rather than dishing..
Westbrook vs good teams 7-19 22 points 3 assists::http://www.facebook.com/pages/LeBron-exits-games-in-the-4th-quarter-to-receive-Bosley-hair-treatments/294506713958778 . I actually liked this page , even as a Heat fan.
IM A LOSER WE ALL ARE ESPN ON SAT NIGHT::FUCKKKK THE ILLUMINANTI!!!!!!
highofflehigh::mila kunis is so dang hot i would wreck her shiit even if i had to be homeless for 2 years after
IM A LOSER WE ALL ARE ESPN ON SAT NIGHT::EWWWWWWWW SHES A JEW
Pinkycuh::You, my non-friend are as dumb as my come.
CalaisYaY::YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  love me some Jewbies or would you spell it Joobies? (Jew boobeez)
CalaisYaY::lol "wreck her shiit" hahahaha
highofflehigh::fact: st. louis rams will win a super bowl before letraitor wins the finals
okc still owns::every nfl team will because LeBron James will never win a nba title.
DaveOK69::LeBron will get desperate in a few years and sign with the Thunder to ride KD's coattails to a ring.
CalaisYaY::YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! you know what's up!!!!
Westbrook vs good teams 7-19 22 points 3 assists::http://www.facebook.com/pages/LeBron-exits-games-in-the-4th-quarter-to-receive-Bosley-hair-treatments/294506713958778 . I actually liked this page , even as a Heat fan.
highofflehigh::ricky rubio, lebron james, and kobe bryant walk into a bar one day and the bartender asks them all for a drink ricky rubio says "ill pass", lebron takes 3 shots and on the 4th one he chokes and trips over rickys crutches kobe bryant takes shot after shot after shot until his arm gets tired and he passes out
thenextgreatest21::Is this bar in colorado?
CalaisYaY::kobe is a warrior, but you forgot to mention kobe's too drunk to get any of the shots in his mouth
okc still owns::And kevin Durant SERVES them. See what I did there?
CalaisYaY::I'm a st. louis rams fan and even i think kevin durant should be mvp
highofflehigh::ive never met another rams fan on here before... it sucks huh
CalaisYaY::it does give me a great defense when someone calls me a band wagon fan though
okc still owns::The missouri tigers could be good
CalaisYaY::it's rather unbearable. football just isn't fun to watch anymore. hopefully something good happens this year
okc still owns::I'm a Redskins fan (like KD) and thank you for rg3
CalaisYaY::and you are going to get one. sadly we need....well everything except a qb
okc still owns::we need 1 thing, a qb.
CalaisYaY::no problem. hopefully sam bradford can come into his own so we don't regret doing that. you guys gave us a lot in return. we really really really really need those draft picks
My Dick Is In A Mouth.::heat fans smells like dick
DaveOK69::you been close enough to both to know what they smell like?
Illinifan4lifesince1996::I am a Heat fan, but i have to admit Durant locked up the MVP tonite
okc still owns::Wait, I have a feeling he might ninja edit this.......
Illinifan4lifesince1996::oh no dude... not gay, calm fan who is realistic only i dont like the rest of my fellow heat fans.... they are ignorant and love LBJ to death
okc still owns::Like you may change it to :"like this if youre gay!"
Illinifan4lifesince1996::wtf??
okc still owns::It's his year, everyone saw it coming
Illinifan4lifesince1996::yes and i am looking forward to a Heat vs Thunder Finals
koka2011::went to this game!!!
okc still owns::Are you a OKC fan or twolves fan?
CalaisYaY::nice
okc still owns::Brian Scalibrine&gt;LeBron James
highofflehigh::how could you compare brian scalibrine to such scum
Illinifan4lifesince1996::u need to get a life
okc still owns::I have no life, just a good team.
CalaisYaY::lebron doesn't even deserve to be in the conversation
highofflehigh::i don't always get mvp awards but when i do i prefer to choke in the playoffs after  -lebron james
CalaisYaY::I want to make 239408034820482034820348902398409238 profiles so I can like this that many times
grapenutz78::so true
CalaisYaY::kd &gt; lebold claims
highofflehigh::i made this profile like 2 minutes after duke lost
okc still owns::Lehigh.
Westbrook vs good teams 7-19 22 points 3 assists::Hey remember when Durant blew his final shots vs LBJ earlier this month, why is that never mentioned.http://www.facebook.com/NbaMvp2012
okc still owns::OH you mean when the refs gave you to phantom technicals in the wort officiating game all year when we lost by 5 on the road?? yes I remember that, we beat you by 16, you beat us by 5 with the refs on your side
CalaisYaY::hey remember when someone cared about your opinion? well your delusional because it never happened
CalaisYaY::sorry that was a mistake  *you're
highofflehigh::it honestly wouldn't bother me if lebron won mvp i just wanna see kd and the boys get a ring
okc still owns::3 mvps for LeBlow Job <b> 0 rings</b>
grapenutz78::I dont get why laker fans are talking trash to us!!! The thunder have the best record in the conference. They have absolutely embarassed the Lakers twice...the last time was a nationally televised game AT STAPLES were Westbrook went off on your entire team including your new hero Ramon Sessions. Arent you ashamed????
CalaisYaY::lake show got caught with their pants down in front of the classroom twice this year
okc still owns::Meta Worldpeace's doing
Westbrook vs good teams 7-19 22 points 3 assists::Like and support the official LeBron MVP page. With videos and picture crowning the king as this year's MVP http://www.facebook.com/NbaMvp2012
okc still owns::MVPs can hit their Free throws to put a team away.
CalaisYaY::also, mvp's aren't in denial about their receding hairline
Dribbird::I liked that so I could unlike it.
CalaisYaY::FLAG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! REPORT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! DIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
CalaisYaY::im sorry. not die. just SMARTIN UP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
highofflehigh::"my nose is bigger than my weiner"  -lakerfan3902
okc still owns::his nostril is deeper than his V4gina
CalaisYaY::jewish?
highofflehigh::power rankings: 1. thunder 2. broncos
okc still owns::1.Thunder 2.fsu 3.Broncos 4. Pirates 5. St johns 6. Canadiens
okc still owns::football :)
highofflehigh::fsu football or womans water polo?
CalaisYaY::MVP = Ron Paul nuff said
