Pat Z::Just wait until Kobe gets back and the Lakers move up to the 13th seed in the Western Conference.
If its brown, flush it down::The Lakers have NOBODY to build a team around and one draft pick. What where they thinking by resigning Kobrick for 2 more years and trading for grandpa Nash? The Clippers will own LA for the next decade.
clint::Marshall is a good assist man, forget about the other aspects of basketball, like shooting, defense, rebounds, getting 50-50 balls, it's just not happening.
James::This game is over. As a Laker fan I can not understand why people go to there games. If you are a Laker fan you have to know by now that they are going to loose. Watch old Knick games when Mike was coaching there. It is all the same. We can not blame Mike for being consistent. Mike did not seek out the Lakers, they came to him. Chris Kaman scored 18 points, 5 rebounds in 10 mins.Kelly plays 30 mins gets 9 points, 7 rebounds. Jordan Hill gets 8 points 10 rebounds in less than 23 mins.What game is this guy watching or coaching. This team is not that bad, it's just coached with no leadership.
Bob::Well, we finally caught the Kings!  Watch out, Jazz! You are next!!!
Rodney::Lob City is showing you what they are made of - made up a 17 point deficit with 4 and a half to go.  Clips will be unstoppable once CP3 returns.  Book it.
tony p::How in the HELL , can Cupcake say HE IS PLEASE WITH THIS COACH ? Granted lakers have a crapload of injuries!  BUT WE ARE QUICKLY BECOMING THE WORST TEAM IN THE NBA.
Ms.::Yes it is sad that the Lakers are losing but what is really sad is that Nick Young had no real teammate have his back after that hard foul, I saw one in the area but where was the rest of the team??   Magic Johnson, James Worthy backed their teammates after hard fouls when they played, come on.  Lakers you know who to get rid of those who stood by watching Young get pushed around by Phoenix players.  Wow!!
Dewey::The Lakers need defense, rebounding, and a better coach.  Kobe, the fans, and the local media got rid of the defense and rebounding (D12).  How can the Lakers replace the best center in the NBA (D12)? D'Antoni talks better than Mike Brown, but he is not a  better coach.  The Lakers need a coaching change NOW.
Bob D::I really feel bad about the Lakers which makes for the bad Lakers. They are sad, really sad and that makes me glad. Staples is their pad, that's where their fans get mad and that makes me glad.
