E Money::God Win for the Lakers! These wins this early in the season without Kobe and Nash, and with zero expectations for this group, are just what is needed to build a deep, and strong roster. No, The Lakers do not have the Big Names 1 thru 5 like in years past, but what they have this season is a very deep, albeit above average roster. However, this team is far more athletic and far more deep than at any time since their last Championship.The so called "experts" have predicted the Clippers will rise, and the Lakers demise, when in truth, the Lakers are a trade away from adding a piece that could make them serious title contenders this season. Get Kobe and Nash back to playing, add a stretch 4 , and watch this team go !
poyman::If I were coach of the Kings right now... Mugsy would be taking Thornton's spot on the pine and I would try and put together a package to get a decent #4 in a trade...  I would start DC at the #5, Thompson at the #4 till I could get someone via trade, McLemore at the #3, and Vasquez at the #2 and experiment for a month with Fredette at the #1... I'd bring Hayes, Mbah a Moute, Patterson, Outlaw and Thornton off the bench into the rotation...  Thomas would only see garbage time.
Neal::This game is in the refrigerator. The door is shut, the lights are out, the eggs are cold, the butters getting hard and the Jello is jiggling.
Ddog::Well I guess this isn't a lottery team as it turns out. Could have been something extra special with Kobe's return and some top free agents joining the team next season.   It's funny, that once Blake and Gasol are placed at their natural positions, this team is playing better and looks better than last years team. It's funny how that works....
ricky::when is this coach of sacramento going to realize he needs a shooter like jammer in there at all times. he misses one little play on defense and gets pulled out. these other players are constantl messing up on defense and they are allowed to keep messing up. give jimmer a little more respect then that and let him play more and see what happens. cousins needs help and good outside shooting always opens up the middle for a big man. Vasquez made only 4 of last 12 shots and mclemore shot horribly as usual, not to mention salmons sux.
chris::Sac pass back, stolen , bucket , pass forward turnover... Get it right
LAL::Kobe is one of the greatest student of the game, Sitting out this year allows him to see what we have, He will be back soon ready and willing to help guide this team forward, Are we championship material, maybe not but are we far, No, We will pick up a very good player or 2 this summer reload and Hello Lakers are back, So, Lakers and Kobe haters crawl back to your holes. Life is great in So.Cal.
laker fan 1989::Sac should do everything they can to try and get Barnes from Golden State. I think Barnes will work with this squad. It's a shame the Kings don't have true veteran leadership. On the other hand, I like how the Lakers have different guys stepping up every night. I hope Kobe can look pass his ego and realize the potential in this team. If the Lakers had Lebron on this team I swear this team will make it all the way to the finals because Lebron brings out the better side of players. This team hustles and plays hard they need Kobe to lead them not hog the ball. So please Kobe no ball hogging.
BendGod::I'm not sure if he's calling out SF Giants Larry or not but if he is I'd have to say Larry is good people and  Homey Duh Clown has proven otherwise. Go Lakers
4life::I'm calling it right now.  Melo will be a Laker next season and Phil Jackson will be back to coach the team.  No one is paying attention but the current Laker squad are a perfect fit for the Triangle...that's the brilliance in what Mitch and Jimmy have put together.  These player will transition very easily into the triangle.  They are long, athletic and move the ball well.  People always say Phil always had the best player in the league when he won his championships.  This may be true but he always had the best scorer in the league too, which in the past happen to be the best player.  The best score in the league is Melo.  Melo in a system like the triangle, he wins about 3 for 4 rings IMO.  On paper Kobe and Melo together may not make sense...but if you watched their two Olympic runs, Melo and Kobe had the best chemistry between any two players.
