Mihai H::Whatever happened to less than 20 points per quarter from the oponent team? Weren't kings supposed to be a better defensive team under this new coach? Yet, they still get beaten by more than 100 points almost always.
ABC::What happen to the GREAT coach Malone?  I remember the Kings fan got so hyped up about him.  Pay for a veteran coach!
poyman::Yep Malone, you really have the Kings working well...   You continue to play the 5'9" Mugsy at the point nearly 30 minutes a game with the same kind of results... Tonight he took the second most shots on the team (15) and canned 33% (big wow), he remains consistent from 3 point range (0-3... gosh what a threat) , but he got 7 assists and only turned the ball over 4 times. Vasquez goes a respectable 5-10 but only 1-4 from 3 point range...  Thornton turns in another stellar shooting night and goes 2-11 for less than 20% on the night (following up on his 33% performance last game) and 1-6 from beyond the arch... And chalked up a mind boggling 5 points in 40 minutes...  These 3 guards racked up over 100 minutes (each team only has a possible 240 minutes a game for all positions) which is 40% of the total minutes played by the team... They took 36 of the 86 shots taken by the Kings (42% of the total shots taken which is consistent with the minutes played), they hit 12 (only 33%)... From 3 point range the three took a combined total of 13 shot and hit 2 for a marksmanship percentage of 15%...  With this kind of Guard play I suspect the Kings will still continue to get their butts kicked... While McLemore and Fredette continue to ride the pine...  The good news is that the Kings should once again be in great shape for another Lottery Pick, the bad news is that the organization will probably end up picking up 2 additional guards.
gary aker::Turnovers: Portland needs to create more, commit less. Also, turnovers lead to fast break, early-in-the- clock open threes, and increase the number of shots the Blazers take. If the turnovers were reversed--Sacramento 17, Portland 11--the Kings would have never had a chance, i.e.,  wire to wire blow out. As it is, the Kings could be thinking they can eek out a win at home tomorrow night.
daniel::All I heard on local Sacramento radio all during the off season from Grant Napear, Jason Ross, Carmichael Dave, Dave Dusmasean(or whatever the heck you spell his last name) is how the new management, new owner, new head coach, new GM, new arena, and new Shaquille O'Neil were going to provide a new day in Sacramento.  All that Kings propaganda of how everything was going to change for the better was a bunch of baloney.  1140 is just a pro Kings propaganda machine, and now everybody realizes that now that the Maloofs are gone, does not mean the Kings are going to get any better, or the new ownership group has any competence. I hope the new owner fails miserably.  I love listening to the KHTK guys make excuses for the lousy Kings.
Jer::Every time I see Salmons in their starting lineup, I wonder, why, why, why? Then the answer comes to me: Because it's Sacramento, that's why. Meanwhile Thomas Robinson has 8 pts and 3 rebounds in under 7 minutes for a team that wanted him. Poetic justice.
Uan theTruth::As an analyst, I can't see why Malone and coaching staff continue to ignore the statistics.  Thomas was again scored on at will. Thornton played a poor defensive game and scored 5 in over 40 minutes.
Andrew::Matthews = zero assists When you have 3 guys in your line up who barely pass the ball. Your not going anywhere Portland is years, repeat years away from being a factor. Matthews is a 6th or 7th man, not a starter, great effort - however lack of results. Being a low 40% shooter and not being able to create anything for anyone but yourself. Is not a quality 2 guard. But a specific role player who comes off the bench.  Note: Teams that win titles and do well = play defense Their stars actually like to defend. Aldridge does not like defense, he loses focus, does not try hard. He prefers to shoot the ball, which is nice, he is the main option on a team going nowhere. Aldridge would be better on the Bulls or the Warriors A team where he is not the man.  Portland has a sorry tease for a team. Good luck with this pipe dream roster
P.L.::Jer is right. Salmons needs to go, and put Mclemore in. Even Jimmer is a better shooter... Salmons needs to be benched!!
C K::Fredette should play, he is a great offensive player
