forgetmenot440::How many games did world peace get suspended for his bow?  Seven?  This one should be that much too.  Hell at least peace has a real mental disorder
pacersfj20::This is why the pacers are so frustrating for us pacer fans.  They look like they are getting it together and then have 2 duds in a row, granted one was to OKC, but still.  Then they look like garbage in that first have but then a contender in the second half.  Danny's injury does hurt us but we still have way to much talent to be 11-11, hope the team can get on a roll like Paul George has.
DrawohWasHere::BTW, that was a kicking show on most t.v. channels tonight with the concert.
DrawohWasHere::Pacers have an outstanding D.   Figured it out in the 2nd Q to double/triple team Kyrie and they'd get back in the game rather quickly.    Cavaliers are simply to thin and inexperienced to play good ball on B2Bs especially with a good team that plays D like the Pacers.      B2B on the road after an outstanding win against the Lakers the night before didn't help matters in this one as the Pacers regained their dominance in defense toward the end of the 1st half and the rest of the game.    Kyrie was simply too gassed from his first performance in a month the night before to finish off as the Pacers kept him covered 99.9% of the time from 2nd q on.
FormingPanda::Another uninspiring effort by the Cavs.there are clearly quitters on the team that need to be dealt with
baysportsback::hey did irving get hurt again?
scottsvb1::Cavs need to get rid of  1. Alonze Gee  ... by far he is the worst Cavs player starting.. probably should be in D ball as the bench is too hot for him.  2. Byron Scott ...   Sorry but he can't coach.. he couldn't before coming to Cleveland also... he has no control of the team and they don't play for him.  3. Tristan Thompson.. yeah I know he's a 2nd year rookie..but he's not developing.. he would be a nice trade for a Vet player later this spring or next summer unless he Drastically Improves.
vandeman34::Yeah he suc ks much  more.
Eagles5968::If you think Gee is that bad, you clearly haven't watched the Cavs any other time than this game...
colts8733::I think we are seeing Paul George develop into a very special player
2.3.1 Douple Play::Andrew Luck is overrated
Taco with a Q::I know right!  This dude makes me laugh just looking at this pic
kyearty1::Lmao FUBU? Wow. I'm Done.
claporga023::LOL FUBU  has to be a troll
Taco with a Q::Oh and BTW look up the word "overrated" before you speak again you wigger looking F a g g o t
Taco with a Q::How is he overrated when the media only talks about RGlll??   Answer that one logically
westfielddaddy::you are smoking serious crack.
Taco with a Q::Nick_Jenner   cavs scored 23 it had nothing to do with any D   ^^ I about died laughing at this comment.  Congrats you have the most moronic comment tonight
orange_63::Grant sucks, cavs should have better players.........how many more years to tank?
7horns7eyes::-has 8 out of 41 fgs in the second half- "Well, there's your problem."  - Adam Savage
beastoftheeast1127::Scott def mismanaged game I'm befuddled u have a chance to win a division game and u bench ur 2 best players most of the 2nd half ???....no excuse for that yeah it's a b2b big deal u have off tomorrow and cavs are one  of  the youngest teams in the league...let them F.uckin play and try to win 2 in a row to boost team morale , Byron Scott is such a piece of sH!t!!
Mr. Bradford::4 of 5 of the Cavs starters for a combined 18 points.
lookitsdeco::this game was garbage i hate the cavaliars
5DAWG51::Better to hate them now, cuz there will be a long line once KI-RE gets ready to bolt for greener pastures
Its all my fault::kill yourself :)
Mr. Bradford::Rough game for Irving after a solid one against the Lakers. I'm sitting here looking at Gee's and Varejao's numbers and holy crap! 0-16 on the field from 2 of your starters? I know the Pacers have a terrific defense, but good lord! You know you're going to lose when 4 of 5 of your starters score a combined 18 points.   Neither team really shot that well but hey, 41% &gt; 33%
7810Michael::good pacers defense thats how u win the east
eQ2.1::This is why two brothers shouldn't be on the same team. lol
Brian53397::Never bet on clev ever in my life
unionstar702::Had Cavs +8 here cost me my ticket how are you bums gonna only score 23 points in the second half...pure garbage ill never put faith in you bums again
lookitsdeco::15 POINT LEAD 15 POINT LEAD AND THEY LOST BY 15 A 30 POINT SWING THE CAVALIERS MORE WORSE THAN THE WIZARDS.
unionstar702::Cavs actually looked like a real team in the first half..then they just laid down in the second worst part is the other 3 teams are killing it yesterday hornets only team that cost me and today its gonna be the Cavs..I'm cursed
5DAWG51::Know you know how bad theLakers are playing
The Knicks could not win against their own teddy bears::It is all Scott's fault.  He should be sacked.
goosu123::Lol, we aren't going to compete this year anyways, what would be the point of firing him? To cause more confusion for a group of young players?
The Knicks could not win against their own teddy bears::Who is best out of the three right now: Luke Walton, Gerald Green, or Allen Iverson.  I think that both of these teams need another high volume shooter like AI and AI would stay healthy since he does not PRACTICE!?!
Rexanilatorz::Didn't get to watch the game but glad we finally beat a team by double digits!!!!
rackcity222::byron scott is a bad coach how can u leave kyrie on the bench for 6 mins in the fourth ....
Brian53397::Omg so pissed
iCandid::Walton 17 minutes...is Scott trying to lose?
Its all my fault::2nd game in a back to back.. Not much depth.. that's why! lol
The Knicks could not win against their own teddy bears::That still does not excuse giving Walton any court time.  They should play Cassipi instead.
GreenGold Buckets::My left ball performs better given 17 minutes
The Knicks could not win against their own teddy bears::Yes.  He likes Wal-brick better than Irving
The Knicks could not win against their own teddy bears::The Wizards lose a lot
SECisreelfutball::I wouldnt call nene a star
lookitsdeco::yeah but they FIGHT and both stars nene and wall have been injured
The Knicks could not win against their own teddy bears::Wall shot terrible last year and Nene will not put up all-star numbers
SECisreelfutball::Byron Scott could possibly be the worst coach in the league.
randomstranger12::Tyrone Corbin.
The Knicks could not win against their own teddy bears::Randy Wittman
lookitsdeco::free kyrie irving
GreenGold Buckets::Uncle drew will bring the Cavs back to the finals. It will happen.
The Knicks could not win against their own teddy bears::Release Gerald Green!  Sign Allen Iverson!  Release Gerald Green!  Sign Allen Iverson!
orange_63::guess we need more lottery picks........
warEAGLEJak3::When you have more fouls in a game than points you have in a second half and your 5 starters only outscore your 7 bench players by 10 YOU ARE NOT GOING TO WIN. On top of that between the Cavs 2 All-Stars (Kyrie and Andy) neither played 30 mins. WTF. FTW.
yata-9arasu::Wow....  Less than 30 for Kyrie and Andy....  Seriously!?  TANK ALERT!
yata-9arasu::We are obviously tanking.  It isn't that hard to see.  Irving could have played through his injury but everyone said "Why risk it?"  We need one more year in the lottery and we have a lot of picks this year to build our horrible bench.
AdamStock1983::I bet the Over. Got a good number on the overnight and 110 points in the first half. I needed 78 in the second half for the hit and came no where near that number hahaha
MrArm4GedDoN::Kyrie Erving who...Cavs still suck...23 points in 2nd half lol
GreenGold Buckets::Get out of here hater
allwedoiswingames::get rid of scott while we still r possibly getting to the playoffs he literally is trash
CNostro::wtf....23 points Cavs in 2nd half??? fml...there gos my parlay....
lookitsdeco::same here lmao
rackcity222::kyrie got up for kobe then does nothing vs pacers... so dumb
yata-9arasu::Good game Pacers!   You guys played some great defense the second half!  Good luck this season!  GO CAVS!!!  For the fans that don't understand....  IRVING ALWAYS SITS OUT UNTIL 6 MIN INTO THE 4TH.  NOW STHU!  GO CAVS!
Taco with a Q::Good luck to you guys
jwright520::good game
Nick_Jenner::why did Miles sit?
Nick_Jenner::and walton always plays 17 minutes too
beastoftheeast1127::Cause Byron Scott is a di.ck head
westfielddaddy::Cavs...33.3% for the game!
Taco with a Q::Pacers gave up 23 POINTS IN THE SECOND HALF!!!  Now thats winning!!!
nomar_needs_a_ring::Taco= Dummy McDummerson; also look at Pacer's D rankings...don't be a dummy, research before you comment.
Taco with a Q::3rd best D in the NBA $@%!$@
Taco with a Q::Ok enlighen me then!!  Your telling me the Pacers had nothing to do with the Cavs scoring 23 points in the second half?   Wow you Cavs fans are $@%!$@%!
Nick_Jenner::cavs scored 23 it had nothing to do with any D
Nick_Jenner::taco ur the dumbest dummy of all time. dont fall for the bait son
Taco with a Q::Uhh nice comeback, coming from a fan saying the Pacers D wasnt the reason the Cavs scored 23 in the second half.  Then what caused the Cavs to only score 23?  Were they blindfolded???  lmao
Nick_Jenner::ur dumber
Taco with a Q::It didnt???!?!?!?!?   That has to the the dumbest comment IVe seen in a long time on these boards
jwright520::ur dumb
westfielddaddy::Pacers Defense strikes again!!!
robert rowdy::thanks byron
DeMarcus Cousins Fan::Why isn't LeBron playing?
Its all my fault::Because he sucks idk
Nick_Jenner::his feelings are hurt
GreenGold Buckets::Why hasn't demarcus grown up yet?
Maxi Klinger::Cleveland must have had a LUCKY night last night
Nick_Jenner::actually they played good last night. you should have watched the game it was entertaining
Nick_Jenner::was that an intentional foul
lookitsdeco::smfh ill never back the cavs again..
GreenGold Buckets::It's not hard to back a team win or lose if you're a fan. Y'all ain't Cavs fans
bighube702::hard to back a team if the even the coach doesnt want to win  lol
lookitsdeco::lmfao if you cant cover 8 points after leading by 15 your a scrub team. i thought irving would lead them to a W actually but coach told him to chill
GreenGold Buckets::You must have a vag!ina then
snapshot107::where the hell is irving.
robert rowdy::scott is tanking for beating his lakers
robert rowdy::scott is tanking for beating his lakers
I Believe In Metta... Well Not Really::Passing to Luke for airballs
Nick_Jenner::why did miles sit most of the 2nd half????
Taco with a Q::Where was that Cavs fan saying the Pacers D was bad????
robert rowdy::no scott just has bad coaching days. he will blame the team for lack off effort after the game
Taco with a Q::Well someone said pacers D was bad
Jthizz69::aren't the Pacers statistically in the top 3 defenses, if not just #1 overall?
Taco with a Q::Yes they are
nategauvain::literally 20 points OMG since second i started watchin they have 20 points
warEAGLEJak3::you picked the wrong half to watch my friend
