TSALOMI::JEEEEESSSUSSSSSSS! bobcats :P
LETS GO CAPS15::good game Bullets
Papabrrrrr::The only thing this proves is that Charlotte needs more help than the Wizards right now. They both suck tremendously. *sigh*
mcclintse::$@%!$@ teams, fun game to watch in the stands
MNsportswopwopwah::Was this game even necessary?
rl75742::I don't care that Diaw had a good game... He's the most inconsistent player in the league.   Kemba Walker and Gerald Henderson are literally the only players that I've seen that canplay professional basketball on this team.  It's a disgrace... I remember back in the day the Charlotte Hornets were a team people knew and had respect for. I just don't even know what to say anymore!
SportsPolice::Tonight's game puts the Bobcats in the lead for the most ping pong balls.So it wasn't a total loss. Plus this was expected. Hopefully they can get lucky in the draft like the Panthers did.
EmergingInThought::Go Blazers!    http://www.whatthehellbook.com/the-book/     http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=262l6tbHSlU
BEastChamps2011::Kemba is the real deal... getting better each game.  Imagine if he had a real team around him.
MrAwesome2406::Congrats to Kemba on his first of many career triple-doubles.
CandySparker::Gee!
lakersdynastyisover::Alot of people on these threads talk sports betting. I have bet on sports for several years now. I have used easily a dozen different handicappers. Some were ok but never really good. I started playing this system called sportsbettingstar.com about 3 months ago. It is by far the best capper I have found. It is a 2 game series betting system but is the best  I have used to bet on sports. Thought I would throw this out cause alot of people here seem to be losing or searching for good bets
KobeRedBeanBryant::A Message to Shaq: I MISSED YOU MAN!!! COULD YOU PLEASE GET BACK IN SHAPE AND HELP ME? GASOL CAN'T SAVE ME ANYMORE (wiping my tears away)...
lakersdynastyisover::As my screen name says. Face it buddy the Lakers are down hill from here
HateBrass::This game should be referred to as the Michael Jordan Lottery Bowl.  His two years in Washington being a all star two guard president, they were in the lottery.  He was fired as thier all star two guard president.  Since he's been in Charlotte, they have been in the lottery all but one year.  He should fired himself.  At least Isiah Thomas coached playoff teams with winning records, developed young talent and had a outstanding record in the draft.  What the hell has Jordan done well as a team president?
SportsPolice::Thomas is a thug and was let go for being a perv who harrassed female employees. I don't think anyone in the NBA has any resepct for him.
HateBrass::When Michael Jordan hires a retread like Paul Silas, you shouldn't expect to win.
KobeRedBeanBryant::HEY!!! Don't speak bad about him!!! Damn you....
JRPH223::It is official, the Bobcats are the worst team in the NBA.
terebinth::Kemba Walker = Winner  Bobcats need to trade for McGee.
Zach4panthers::Bobcats need to take their lotter pick and get Davis from Kentucky or Sullinger. Tired of picks like Adam Morrison, Gerald Henderson and Biambo
TSALOMI::loved sean may in college...terrible nba pick...emeka okafor? lame. drafted felton over paul? whoops. is morrison  still alive or did the diabetes get the best of him? biyombo getting a whopping 12 minutes per game? getting rid of GW and captain jackson? god save us all
SportsPolice::May not get a chance as they may pick 4th.
dm1ze::If Drummond leaves after this year, you take him. I don't get all this talk of Davis over Drummond. It's Okafor/Howard all over again.  And Gerald Henderson is starting to become a good player. And Biyombo is already good defensively and will only get better.
HateBrass::Yall got Bismack Biyombo!  He is a future first ballot Hall of Famer!
Jthizz69::Great game for Kemba, but it would've been better if they hadn't lost to a comparably bad team. Either way Charlotte and Washington fans, keep your heads up, but someone should start drafting for MJ starting next year. Pretty bad track record for the dude, Kwame being the standout.
BEastChamps2011::Kemba was a great pick.
chadrack1989::hmmmmmm..........watch paint dry or watch the wizards and bobcats??
Michael Bibby V::I called it at the beginning of the season  The Bobcats are the worst team in basketball
HateBrass::Only until they play the Detroit Pistons.
Blazelover13::Charlotte...REALLY? You lose to the Wizards...AGAIN? ON YOUR HOME FLOOR, NO LESS? This is a freakin' embarrassment! Your TEAM is a freakin' embarrassment! The only good players you have is Diaw and Walker, and THAT'S IT! This is just pathetic and ugly and a huge disgrace to the good city of Charlotte. They don't deserve this. Hey, Michael Jordan, what's the deal? Are you seriously this stupid and you can't run a franchise? Dear lord this is pathetic.
slamminsammy006::That's what happens when a Tar Heel runs the team. They got basketball talent, but no business sense.
dm1ze::If you're the Bobcats, you'd rather be at the bottom than the middle of the league, stuck in mediocrity. At least they're in line for a nice pick.
NUNIKORI::My team, the Wizards, beat your team, the Bobcats, and I am still embarrassed for my team because that is the only team they can beat.
NUNIKORI::Sadly, the Thunder loss the game 100% than Wizards winning it 0%
Blazelover13::Them and the Thunder, so ups for that.
1vue::really MJ..thats the best you can do ...Bryon oR Byron mullins??? really...never heard of him before.....really???
Jthizz69::Mullens has proven to be a great scorer...he just somehow can't grab a rebound to save his life at 7 feet tall. 3 in 31 minutes tonight...
surfzone365::MJ was good with the rock, but screwed both these teams with his management, or lack of...
sportsfanbp1::possible the Wizards could trade Blatche and Nick Young to the Lakers for Gasol and the inevitable absorption of Metta's terrible contract?  that would greatly help the Lakers cap situation going forward... plus a 3 point shooter who can sorta play the point  the Wizards get their #2 guy and someone to provide a little maturity in the locker room...
ThrillaInMD::until then its miami southeast crwon hate to say
ThrillaInMD::theyve made no counters to the heats moves
ThrillaInMD::they even had skip to my lou alston start game 1 of the nba finals when jameer was down
ThrillaInMD::when they signed vince carter let go of turloglu signed richardson that team became a hoax
ThrillaInMD::oh boy well van gundy will be canned before all star break then maybe howard will make up his mind. there really is no future there even if phil jackson was their coach. their best team was the one that reached the finals petrus turk rashard reddick big nose guy with phx now cant remember his name anyway that was a great team
ThrillaInMD::ya theyll have fat baby davis starting not a good look
surfzone365::When Shaq left, they still had Penny and some good role players.  When Howard leave, Orlando might be in the same ship with the Wiz and Bobcats.
ThrillaInMD::is howard out of the dallas equation?
surfzone365::However, Dwight might be big and strong, but I question his brains.  Anyone that wants to go to New Jersey (the NBA's wasteland where players are sent to rot) loses all credibility.
aiyannalane::it's not about Howard, it's about the magic.  they better make a move soon or he's going to walk.  trade him now.
surfzone365::I don't think even Howard knows what he wants to do.  One thing for sure, his time in Mickey Mouse land is coming to an end.  Orlando is in a rough spot with him, and it won't be pretty when he leaves.
ThrillaInMD::dayum that makes sense
NUNIKORI::That could be nice but will Mitch K make that trade? Kobe Bryant is going to want his neck if that trade was ever pulled off.
sportsfanbp1::the Lakers may consider a straight up Bynum for Deron Williams trade if the Nets or Lakers can't get Howard
surfzone365::Blatche has a reputation and noone wants to touch that guy.  If the Wizards ever cut him, he's in trouble.  Nick Young is promising, a good talent.  I like his energy.
sportsfanbp1::talking about Gasol and not Metta.  they should probably just cut Metta after having to take him in the trade...
sportsfanbp1::remember when the Bobcats had Felton, Wallace, Chandler, and Jackson...?  remember when the Wizards had Butler, Jamison, Arenas, and Haywood...?
BEastChamps2011::Gerald Wallace and Okafor.... Jackson and Felton who?? Nobodies?
chadrack1989::The Wizards have all kinds of athletic talent on their roster.  Only problem is their is no leadership. They are young and honestly I don't think they care about winning as much as they care about looking good for the cameras.  Maybe if they brought in a decent character player to be a leader they would put together a few more wins.
ThrillaInMD::who else wiz have bobby simmons he turned into 6th man of year with LAC
ThrillaInMD::trading crackhouse for rip i always hated taht move
ThrillaInMD::ya not too long ago but feels like a long time ago
ThrillaInMD::basically its bulls heat in ECF who's in west portland only deep team i can think of OKC plays zero d exeception of few players aside..dallas needs to make a move quick to fill up spot in 5 brenda hay hay gonna go down with toe turf before playoffs. ready.
sportsfanbp1::off the bench the Thunder have two 7 footers, James Harden, Daquan Cook and Eric Maynor when's he back from injury.  that's a great bench.
ThrillaInMD::i like those guys i really do but harden that guy pulls a houdini when he is not @ home.  okc should have no problem being back in WCF but theyll need home court if not try again next year
ThrillaInMD::obaka and nene were going at it last year in playoffs nobody ever talks  about that series that was fun
ThrillaInMD::i love obaka n perkins
ThrillaInMD::i love okc but they dont look like championship material they're just a fun $@% team to watch like denvers george karl teams ,,,d'antoni phoenix suns mid 2004 teams
sportsfanbp1::Thunder= deepest team in the league
aburks181::wow kemba had a triple double! you make husky nation proud
joest2003::cudnt of said it better
surfzone365::Well, 2-1 under the new coach isn't bad for the Wiz, even if it's against the same team
NUNIKORI::Sadly not impressed coming from A Wizards fan. Yeah, we supposed to beat them but were not playing the Bobcats 2 out of every three games.
surfzone365::Magic are in terrible shape, what a mess
surfzone365::Right...they respond to 27-point collapse at home by losing to NO by 26...nice!
NUNIKORI::They sure are. 56 against Boston, 25 point lead in the 2nd quarter blown against Boston, 67 against the worst team in the West, New Orleans Hornets.
sportsfanbp1::haha.    that's how I feel about the Celtics against the Wizards!!!!  3-0... but 6-9 against everyone else... but 2-0 against the Magic!!!!  but then 4-9 against everyone else...
Lobster83::Speaking of kwame... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uWyPNQnsa_w
sportsfanbp1::it's rather obvious that Jordan is tanking the Bobcats this season to get the #1 pick...  Michael Jordan... the fool who drafted Adam Morrison and Bismack Biyombo...
Kujosh54321::yea tanking when 5 players are injured of which 2 are starters
Kujosh54321::correction 3 starters,- dj augustine, henderson and maggette
sportsfanbp1::yeah losing DJ Augustin is definitely why the team is 3-18...
NUNIKORI::And Kwame Brown for the Wizards.
NUNIKORI::Kwame Brown an All Star? He has way TOO IMMATURE to even play in the NBA aka NO BOYS ALLOWED.
sportsfanbp1::Kwame looks like an all-star compared to Morrison and Biyombo...
ThrillaInMD::steve buckhantz is hilarious that guy kills me
Lobster83::watd he say
jorl1234::GOOD JOB BOBCATTIES !! HAHA !  IDIOTS!
ThrillaInMD::wizards will be legit once they sign michael jordans unborn son goodnight everybody and god bless!
sportsfanbp1::the Bobcats probably couldn't  beat Duke...
BEastChamps2011::LOL. St Johns with 7 players, all freshman.... only lost by 7 to Duke, even with the help of the refs giving them double the free throws.
Kujosh54321::kemba alone can take duke
NUNIKORI::Instead of Wizards winning 1 game every 11 games they will win once every 6 games. That's not saying much on how the Wizards will finish this year. Trade Blatche &amp; Young and please Blatche sit out and let the shoulder heal.
Hibachiarenas::Blatche needs to sit out and let his EGO heal, more than his shoulder.
NUNIKORI::Good point
sportsfanbp1::the problem with a trade is that another team actually has to want your garbage players...
Lobster83::Wizards 123 Bulls 87
Hibachiarenas::Wizards 108 Bulls 72
Joe Cataldo::you do that
Hibachiarenas::Thanks for the comment Average Joe.
Hibachiarenas::I'm going to go search out what Blatche has to say about the win....
Joe Cataldo::john wall doent have enough talent around him
Imkindamajor::*fixed* kemba walker doesnt have enough talent around him
Joe Cataldo::Bulls win !
Lobster83::Wizards will next shock everyone by crushing da bulls on monday.
ThrillaInMD::i wish nick young wouldve signed with nickelodeon
Hibachiarenas::Nick Young will have his way with the Bulls. Pulling up and taking contested jump shots all day, son.
ThrillaInMD::aka lebrons nightmare
NUNIKORI::I am a Wizards fan &amp; that will not happen. This team couldn't beat the Bulls without Rose.
ThrillaInMD::bulls hurting with out luol the nigerian nightmare dang
sportsfanbp1::quote of the day...
ThrillaInMD::same thing im from the US we dont know the difference
NUNIKORI::He's from Sudan.
ThrillaInMD::wizards shouldve gotten zack randolph back in 07 but they ended up getting angay blatche got shot up 7x in VA crack spot
surfzone365::The UMD Terps would give the Wiz a run for their money.
ThrillaInMD::ya even hockey i heard wasnt doing well thats why they started the peyton mannings coming to the district rumor
surfzone365::Either way, not a whole lot of "W"s happenin inside the beltway
ThrillaInMD::lls the whole umd team was wiz
canibul521::those freethrows are the reason the bobcats lost
Hibachiarenas::WIZ have won 2 of the last 3. East coast Champs. No doubt.
ThrillaInMD::they own bob kits sorta like celts pwn majic
Hibachiarenas::Yeah now watch them blow out Chicago at home with big Blatche staying on the bench. The times are a changin'
Imkindamajor::the've been playin the cats tho
Imkindamajor::fk matt
surfzone365::Probably one of the better games between 2 cellar-dwellers.  Too bad the Wiz can't play the Cats every night.
___LeBron_James::that was some gay shit on the court yo
ThrillaInMD::best wizards team was 04-05 team had gilbers a p3nis quron butler atwan jenna jameson
Sluggerface::Lol that team couldn't hold a jockstrap to the Hayes/Unseld era.
ThrillaInMD::yep thats what erry body called ol f_ck boy
Imkindamajor::lmao at gilbet apenus
Kujosh54321::cant wait to get hendo back so i dont have to see carrol for a while
