AL28CMK::Lebron is soft. So much for him being compared to Jordan, he aint even Pippen..he's more like..like, like wow I cant even think of a player who shrunk or disappeared in the fourth quarter like Lebron has..he is setting a legacy all his own..call him whodini for the fourth quarter disappearing acts hahahahahaha  GO BULLS!
KobeYellow::LeChoke James
PatrickinOrlando::Because the Warrior aren't going anywhere.... @jrvc21
supordupor23::they just beat the best team in the nba idiot
jrvc21::I love ESPN but there love an infatuation with heat has got to go jus BS!! Every time they win huge story headlines and all how heroic 1 hit wonder wade was or how queen lebron played great. (side note bron bron fans he will be the best player ever........ That will never win a ring!) ok on I go when ever the heat lose I can't find a story or a headline or ne thing jus $@%! for nothin ne thing! HELLLLLLLLO ESPN the WARRIORS!! Mmhmh uh huh ye the WARRIORS BEAT the the heat. Now why is this not a story ......? It shld be a headline "Struggling warriors beat strong Heat" theres your headline espn come on you all jumped on heat bandwagon after the "decision" and won't stop! Seriously the real big 3 is Kobe Bynum Gasol they have 3 finals appearances an 2 rings since being together! We will see how the heat fare this year but when they lose don't count on ESPN to write a story about it #ridiculous     ...... Rant over haha
mightywiichampion::As of today Golden State has the hardest SOS in the nab right now(.682)
Otis Smith...::Send the Warriors Dwight Howard they are willing to Rent him,  Howard wanting a Bigger Market like the Lakers or Brooklyn!   The Magic can still send D12 where ever Otis Smith wants. Get  Monta Ellis and Pieces Salary is 11 million 3 yrs remaining  Bynum has 16 million one year left on a team option, So Bynum could leave Orlando at the end of the year and then they end up with Basically  nothing. Get howard out of the East make him take 10 million less get the best deal possible before its too late.
2g3r::Why are people still posting here?
Changotron5::tebow winning the sb might be worst
IThrowShade::If Miami wins this year or ever I will sell someone's children on the black market.
IThrowShade::But for real people do you think the Heat could win this year. I don't know what i would do.
ARodforMVP18::they could
IThrowShade::i hate that
IThrowShade::I can't stand that Miami even has a chance of winning this year. I can't name nothing that would be worse in the world then these bums winning.  NOTHING
JetsYanksPSU::hahahahaha...the scrub lebron will never win a championship
Changotron5::tebow winning the sb might be worst
ARodforMVP18::its just a game
ARodforMVP18::fair enough
IThrowShade::I really don't have no great reason. I just hate those guys
ARodforMVP18::y
IThrowShade::no Miami winning it All is just to much to bare.
ARodforMVP18::the Warriors r like Denver in football, team over look them, and they get beat
BlkMexMamba2.0::Lebron should go to the Nuggets
ARodforMVP18::for who
sprtfanusa::lebron needs to grow some nuggets!!!
IThrowShade::If Miami wins a championship I don't know how I could live with myself. I will give my left nut first.
antonio rbsn 74::Knicks 10th in nba defence this year chek the stats
antonio rbsn 74::This is the nba no team is easy just ask the Miami heat warriors
ARodforMVP18::or the Bulls or Knicks :)
IThrowShade::We know but the Knicks should still have a better record. As sorry as the East is as a whole
IThrowShade::In this small sample of games. WTF is that to go on about. And since they are WTF is wrong with their record
nba is the worst::As of yesterday, the Knicks had the league's easiest schedule so far
ARodforMVP18::i didnt see it like that when the Warriors played them :)
antonio rbsn 74::When baron Davis joins the knicks its over with give the knicks the championship
ARodforMVP18::isn't that what they said when James and Bosh joined the Heat
nba is the worst::They're in the 2nd year of saying that
IThrowShade::cant stop laughing.
ARodforMVP18::idc what anyone says, win or lose, i rather watch the Warriors than any other team in the NBA
sprtfanusa::He's great after what 10 games coached...geez...really people.
ARodforMVP18::yes, from what ive seen he has been
nba is the worst::So far, do you like what you're seeing from Jackson?
ARodforMVP18::i love it, hes a great coach, now im just wait to get curry back
sprtfanusa::to bad for you,there's actually good NBA games being played. to bad your stuck watching crap
ARodforMVP18::i love watching this "crap" beating the Bulls, Knicks, and the Heat :)
BlkMexMamba2.0::Lebron the biggest loser..... but he looks great doing it!
kobebetterthanbron::Blazers 2012 NBA champs, you heard it here first!!!
IThrowShade::Miami won't get pass the Bulls.  And Will the Lakers make it out the second or first round this year.
badinVA::Broken record from last year.......couldn't hear a pin drop when the Bulls got eliminated.
BlkMexMamba2.0::The reason I hate Lebron.....  I dont hate becasue he's more talented than Kobe. I dont hate him casue he's rich. I dont hate him becasue of the Big 3, or because the Heat look unstoppable.  Reason i dont like him, becasue ever since high school, this kidd was deemed as the "chossen one" then to the "king" and yet beside his stat line, and the (2)MVP award.. Lebron hasnt done anything to prove himself. And yet why I dont like him most of all, is because he has this following of D*ck suckin groupies put him a pedalstole.  Im a basketball fan before an NBA fan and Before im a laker/kobe fan...I would looooove to see a guy like Lebron (someone who is clearly capable) to be the best the ever was and do thing no one else will come close too.. but time and time again the only thing he proves is the fact he cant win or he's uncapable of finishing, and i was a lebron fan id get fed up with him, the fans support him and $@%! everyone off but he lets yall down by losing.. lol so really he's disrepecting you guys.. all in all.. I hate him just cause of the fact he can do better but he wont..
supordupor23::How do the heat look unstoppable?  they just got owned by the warriors son
IThrowShade::they shouldn't you hate the people who gave him that title.   Anyway I hate him just because I don't want him because he isn't on my team
BlkMexMamba2.0::lol honest
Inconvenient Truth::shumpert? norris cole? as best rookies?????  have u guys not seen ricky rubio or kyrie irving play?
antonio rbsn 74::Ricky is not a rookie he plays with spain against the USA basketball team
iggydoodle1::Yes, but it really dilutes the concept of "rookie" when you've played professionally regardless of where it is.  I really don't think you can compare him with a Kyrie Irving or someone who legitimately just came from college.
nba is the worst::Players in their 1st NBA season are rookies regardless of their previous experience
IThrowShade::Can't wait to see Miami's record when this whole West coast trip is done. 1 lost so far. It won't be the last.
draino25::put wade back on the bench and let lebron and bosh handle everything....
antonio rbsn 74::Noris cole is garbage iman shumpert is the best rookie
Inconvenient Truth::is HAM an accronym? seriously, why do people say going ham? why not angus, kobe beef, or filet mignon? lol seriously. the only thing worse then ham is probably spam.
nba is the worst::How have you been, IT?
nba is the worst::Can't complain. Glad they didn't toss the season...
Inconvenient Truth::pretty good. just going to school. how about yourself?
SupaFlySlammaJammazzz::I asked change from Lebron and he only gave me 3 quarters... then I realized he never gives you the 4th quarter
Rogerfromamericandad::wow thats new , very original
ARodforMVP18::STOP hating on him, it's getting old
IThrowShade::You make hating on Lebrick lame. Are people still using these tired old jokes.
nba is the worst::Since I'm not a lebronist, I was wondering if those that are could answer a question:  Was what we saw from him in the 4th/OT last night referred to as "going HAM"?
xrooster::hakeem the dream taught lebron to post up 23 feet from the basket in the 4th quarter just like so many other legends of the game before him.
Inconvenient Truth::ham sucks. kobe beef is great. no word play intended. so anyway why dont people say he went turkey breast or angus or something? lol
SupaFlySlammaJammazzz::Metta World Choke
IThrowShade::lol is a Lebronist a lebron fan that stalks every board about him and watches all his games. While commenting on everything he does. lol fanboys.
draino25::what the standing around waiting for wade to pass the ball, or maybe not turning it over?
bulls49ersdodgersfan::Laker fans-Kobe is better than Lebron Any other NBA fan with a brain-Lebron is better than Kobe   ..and it's not even close!..this coming from an unbiased Bulls fan who HATES both Lebron and Kobe
iggydoodle1::People get dazzled by LeBron's athleticism, which is great.  Dunks are fine and all that, but when you strip that away....he is not a better all around basketball player than Kobe.
bulls49ersdodgersfan::any gm in the NBA would rather have Lebron than Kobe...I'd take Lebron for the first 46 minutes of a game, I'd take Kobe for the last 2...
nba is the worst::Check your calendar - lebron is 27
2kobeisgood4::When are people going to realise that Lebron is a cancer no one talks about Bosh anymore and Wade who won a ring with the so call chosen one is now a choker
kobebetterthanbron::Of course they would now, Kobe is 33 and LeBron is 26. Give GM's a choice of who they would take in their prime and ALL of them take Kobe! MJ himself has said Kobe is over LeBron and it is really not close. Larry Bird said Kobe is his favorite player to watch. Pretty ringing endorsements from 2 of the best ever.
sprtfanusa::i'd take kobe if i wanted to win and lebron if i wanted to loose
2kobeisgood4::when this experiment fails in Miami lets see who those GM will pick if it a few rings they want
2kobeisgood4::Your goat was MJ and the Lakers goat is Kobe let Miami have thier Goat
kobebetterthanbron::Kobe is no lower than the 3rd best Laker of all time on any EXPERTS list so your 4-5 players argument shows you are a complete HATER! Magic and Kareem are ahead of Kobe but that is it. Don't give me Jerry West who was 1-8 in the Finals or Wilt who played most of his career in Philadelphia (overall Wilt is over Kobe but not just counting the Laker years he is not). Elgin NEVER won a ring!
draino25::lakers goat is kobe?hahahaha thats a joke...there are probably 4 or 5 players in the lakers history that are way better than kobe.
nba is the worst::"EXCEPT IN THE FINALS"
IThrowShade::I hate both myself. but of yeah james is better
IThrowShade::WTF would you compare their careers when kobe has played a lot more than him. That is stupid. Like I said RIGHT NOW James is the better player.
kobebetterthanbron::In what way?? Kobe is 6th on the all time scoring list, 3rd in playoff scoring. 5 rings, 14 time all star, 9 time first team all defense, top 10 on EVERY experts list of all time greats, 2 time finals mvp, 2008 league mvp, 4 time all star mvp etc..  LeBron 2 regular season mvp's, not top 25 on any experts list, not in the top 20 all time in scoring, reg season or playoffs, 0-2 in the finals, no finals mvp's not even close to 9 times first team all defense.   He has got a ways to go!!!!!!
kobebetterthanbron::Prediction for the year;  Trailblazers over Heat in the Finals in 6 games. Wallace and Batum will give LeBron and Wade fits and LaMarcus Aldridge is a FLAT out SUPERSTAR, also they have Felton who will dominate Chalmers or Cole at the point and Camby at the rim as well as Wes Matthews and Jamal Crawford. The Blazers are LOADED this season! They don't get the pub because of where they play! Also, McMillan is a FAR better coach than Spoelstra!
IThrowShade::You have to be lame to use the word heatles.
nba is the worst::WHY?  That's what they "call themselves", right?
xrooster::Are you calling LeBron lame?
Otis Smith...::Magic should send Dwight Howard to the Warriors, for Monta Ellis  David Lee  Dorrell Wright.  Set up a deal without Howard Knowing and see how he Likes it in Golden State
xrooster::Lebrons Legacy? cont..............  Does being booed off the court in his final game in a Cavs uniform get to be included in his legacy? Or will that just be brushed aside?
fortwintee1::dude get over it...he's gone
2kobeisgood4::during the last time out last night LeBron was biting his nails
kobebetterthanbron::During the finals when Dirk was giving it to LeBron from behind, LeBron was seen biting a pillow!!!
BlkMexMamba2.0::I hope brushed aside
kobebetterthanbron::Should be included! His jersey will never hang from the rafters in Cleveland! Dan Gilbert is that vengeful. Book it. If he sells the team he will include that clause in the contract to whomever buys it!
xrooster::Does quitting in that same game get to be included in his legacy? or just forgotten?
SupaFlySlammaJammazzz::Hopefully the Warriors can build from this.  They have a decent team with the Lakers and Clippers in the division.
sprtfanusa::the warriors are crap, the lakers beat the sh*t out of them with ease. that crap teams going nowhere.
ARodforMVP18::we lost by 7 or 8 without curry so i think were ok, and plus we came back from 17 last night
sprtfanusa::the lead swelled to about 20 at one point before we shut it down.who in hell did you become a warriors fan.God help you!!!
ARodforMVP18::umm they beat them by 7 or 8 and without curry
ARodforMVP18::if they can win on the road, we'll have a good shot to make the playoffs
kobebetterthanbron::Prediction for tonight in honor of the MIA heatster  Clippers 145 Heat 39
sprtfanusa::THE 'tropy" is coming their way, now the championship trophy, that's a different story.
BlkMexMamba2.0::Heat 105 Clippers 97  LOB city can suck my .... shhh dont cuss
xrooster::the heat will never lose again.  just cancel the season and give them the tropy right now.  -Heatster 12/12/2010
kobebetterthanbron::Heat will lose in the finals again this season! This time to the Portland Trailblazers! You heard it here first!!!
kobebetterthanbron::Yeah, he said that ALL YEAR last year too!! What happened???
ARodforMVP18::haha
ARodforMVP18::nate and wright won this game:)
BlkMexMamba2.0::LBJ = Mark Sanchez  Kobe= Peyton Manning +Tebow+ Tom Brady + AAron Rodgers   i fixed it
xrooster::LBJ to me is more like the superstar quarterback of his favorite football team.  tony romo.  so much talent, so much hype, but the bigger the moment gets, the bigger the letdown gets.  anyone?
draino25::except mark sanchez sucks throught the entire game
draino25::considering since tony won his first playoff game 2 years ago, he has been playing the best football he has ever played...this past season was his best season of his career, and he has the highest qb rating for active qb's in the 4th quarter...i watched every game and if the defense could have stopped someone it would have been a different season for the cowboys
BlkMexMamba2.0::Yeah... But Mark Sanchez is tha guy too
xrooster::have i been banned?
xrooster::no? good.  any predictions for tonight?
nba is the worst::heatles won't lose another game this season?
nba is the worst::apparently...
madewunmi::my final pt is that legacy's are determined usually by yr 15 not 8. or else kobe would be doomed to forever be shaq's sidekick if the former was the case. now can we all stop overreacting to one reg season game? see you in the playoffs!!!
antistratfordian::kobebetterthanbron LeBron failed so miserably that Wade told him that this is "my team, I will take the clutch shots" notice LeBron and Wade are not sitting together for interviews this year.  ================== 1) Spoelstra decides who takes the final shots.  Bosh, Wade and LeBron are often surprised by who he chooses.  They have 0 say in the matter. 2) They don't do interviews at the end of games anymore because the media contingent and media obsession is no longer there this year.  They're back to doing normal post-game locker room interviews like every other team.
sprtfanusa::LEBRON DOES HAVE A SAY SO. CLEARLY HE HAS THE BALL IN HIS HANDS SO HE CAN TAKE THE SHOT.ALSO LEBRON HAS MORE POWER THAN SPO. FANS PAY TO SEE PLAYERS PLAY NOT COACHES COACH.
dEEmHP::2kobe, You are right. Kobe does usually want the shot, and it backfires many times. There are a few interesting articles you should read that discuss how Kobe is statistically not clutch. They aren't the end-all-be-all of the discussion, but maybe they will open up your close-minded love for Kobe.
2kobeisgood4::During the time out last night LeBron was biting his nail that my friend means he was nervous he never wanted to take that shot on the other hand the so call ball hog kobe wants to take that shot
kobebetterthanbron::So if you don't have to have rings to be an all time great (top 10-12 ever) then explain the Karl Malone vs Tim Duncan thing to us all please!  Duncan is over Malone on EVERY experts list despite Malone's stats dwarfing his! Why?? 4 rings to ZERO!!
2kobeisgood4::and if you watched Malone play you would realise that he was just a stats stuffer like lebron
kobebetterthanbron::Miami is CLEARLY Wade's team. That was CLEAR to anyone who watched the NBA finals, as the great Skip Bayless has said, "LeBron will win whatever rings that Wade wins for him".
dEEmHP::They wouldn't have gotten to the finals without Lebron. Wade didn't do too much before they played Dallas. Who did the Heat put on Rose in the final seconds of the Eastern Conference finals game? Lebron. Who leads the team in many statistics? Lebron. Who is the best player on the team? Lebron. You can say it's Wade's team all you want, but when they fail to win, you cant then go and blame Lebron. It's either Wade's team, and his fault they lose close games, or it's Lebron's team and he shoulders the blame.
draino25::yeah okkkk....hahaha heat would win more games and be a better team without wade.  the heat would be a 5 seed in the playoffs without lebron.  just like they were before he got there.
BlkMexMamba2.0::Original Comment Voided.. due to im an idiot ;-)
kobebetterthanbron::That is not fair to Tebow! Tebow in the clutch is the ANTI LeBron!!!!
dEEmHP::So LBJ just wins in crunchtime and Kobe can't win a championship without cheating?
draino25::wade took tried to take the game over last night and failed....lebron just let him.  just like every other game when wade tries to take over and fail...until he allows himself to play off of lebron they wont win a title
draino25::how about just without a dominate big man
MKDEVI::Haha you mean last years finals? or last nights game?
antistratfordian::ha.  maybe he doesnt watch football.
MKDEVI::Tebow is clutch...
xrooster::lebron not so clutch
BlkMexMamba2.0::oh yeah.. so i lied......damnit... MY BAD PEEPS
madewunmi::can we wait till someone slows down or retires before taking snapshots at his legacy? if we did this to kobe we would say by yr 8. "great player, cant get it done w/out a dominant big. he's not on jordan's level... yadda yadda yadda. seflish. awful attitude the rest. " but after those 8 yrs he had 8 yrs of playing the best basketball of his career and winning two chips and an mvp. its yr 8. when he's at yr 15 or so then you can properly examine one's legacy.
Inconvenient Truth::agreed. for now he's had 2 terrible finals but that could change. whether it will or not, who knows. we'll just have to wait and see
draino25::he only has to win 2 rings to be up there with "kobe"
madewunmi::finally some sense!!! ive been waiting for this. i havent said lebron is better than kobe in lifetime achievements. but we can acknowledge that he's got ways to go.
Inconvenient Truth::antistratfordianLeBron James missed a 3-pointer with seven seconds left in overtime that would have tied the game. Over the last two seasons, James is now 0-6 on 3-pointers in the last 24 seconds of the fourth quarter or overtime that would have tied or given the Heat the lead.   ========   that's what advanced stat guys call "descriptive" and not "predictive". it describes what happened during those 6 shots, but it doesn't predict what will happen on the next 6. the sample size is too small.     there, now you've learned something.  ============    I think we all knew that. Thanks genius, we wouldnt have known that when a guy says "he lebron has missed the last 6 shots in the 4th quarter and over time to win or tie a gam" he's saying that Hes already missed them and that he's NOT saying he will or will not in the future miss those. thanks that was reeeealllly tough...  Yeesh, can you belive this guy?...
antistratfordian::tl;dr
ps34balling::pretty sad that punk $@% $@%!$ lebron is getting a pass for the loss! 0 shot attempts in the 4th and wasn't he the one who spent all summer working on his game? all i seen ghetto do was learn to flop and dunk on little kids in camp! ghetto's a sad commentary to the nba
2kobeisgood4::Can you imagine wade and kobe playing together wade could be wade and kobe do what is necessary to win a ring
sprtfanusa::WOULD BE SO SWEET!
draino25::kobe doesnt pass the ball...he could never coexist with another superstar.
sprtfanusa::DUDE THIS AINT PE THEIR NOT IN GRADE SCHOOL, WHAT THE HELL DO YOU MEAN THE RIGHT WAY.THERE'S WINNING AND THATS IT
antistratfordian::No, my boy knows how to play basketball like it was meant to be played.
BlkMexMamba2.0::idki...i play to win... clearly he doesnt
sprtfanusa::ARE YOU SAYING YOUR BOY IS SOFT, AND THAT HE WOULD RATHER LOSE THAN HURT WADE'S FEELING, BECAUSE KOBE WOULD SHOOT HIS MOM TO WIN RING
antistratfordian::LBJ doesn't want to cause locker room problems by ball hogging.  So if Wade is "on" then he lets the game come to him instead of forcing shots.  People view that as being passive, but it wins him and his teams a lot of games.
dEEmHP::2kobe, They've only been together for one season. See what happens over the next year or two.
2kobeisgood4::So why hasn't it won them a ring why why why
sprtfanusa::THEN STOP PASSING TO WADE AND TAKE THE SHOT. FOR THE MILLIONTH TIME,LEBRON DOESN'T WANT IT!
kobebetterthanbron::No one CARES about the ECF it is what you do in the FINALS that matters!!!
kobebetterthanbron::Is that why Wade has carried a team on his back to a ring and LBJ is still the ringless Prince James??????
draino25::how about the series before where lebron carried the entire team on his back and wade disappeared...you cant want to be the man and then when you realize you cant be try and blame it all on lebron..because without lebron wade would basically be non existent in miami
antistratfordian::the plays are called for him to be a decoy out at the three point line so wade can ISO.  learn2basketball
kobebetterthanbron::LeBron failed so miserably that Wade told him that this is "my team, I will take the clutch shots" notice LeBron and Wade are not sitting together for interviews this year. Wade knows the Finals was lost because in Game 2 when he was dominating, he tried to get LeBron going and they lost as a result. Wade should have had 50 in that game!
MKDEVI::Yeah hes on the side like a little b!tch
antistratfordian::did you just start watching lebron last year?  lebron is only doing that out of respect to wade.  normally he'd take over.
2kobeisgood4::where is that post game you can take a horse to water but you can't make him drink it, how can a guy who puts his head down and travels to the basket be better than kobe
draino25::hard to take shots when wade is missing and turning it over every possession
draino25::then why is it when wade is on the bench both lebron and bosh dominate together?
2kobeisgood4::First bosh now Wade Lebron is sucking the life out of those guys
twentyanite::to be considered an all time great you have to win multiple titles.  kareem, magic, mike, bird, shaq, duncan, kobe, russel all share this. lebron james is sitting in the other room at the kiddie table with malone, stockton, barkley, ewing, marino. at some point you people will have to learn the difference between the two. for the last time please do not put brons name in with the all time greats. i say this because you offending all time greats.
kobebetterthanbron::Horry in the clutch is 1000 times greater than LeBron in the clutch! FACT!! Poll any NBA player past or present and ask them who they would want taking the clutch shot and ALL of them take Horry over LeBron!!
draino25::ill take my team with lebron and you take your team with horry and the last second shot wont even be a factor....
kobebetterthanbron::Yup, all day!!!
draino25::so if you were starting a team you would take horry over lebron?
antistratfordian::"to be considered an all time great you have to win multiple titles."  no you don't.
kobebetterthanbron::wrong again antistratfordian! Look at the consensus top 12 players of all time (EVERY EXPERTS LIST) they all have rings!! MJ, Magic, Russell,Jabbar,Wilt,Bird,Kobe,Shaq,Duncan,Olajuwon,Shaq,Oscar,Moses  Meanwhile those just below them on the list don't Ewing, K. Malone, Barkley, Stockton
twentyanite::yes you do my friend. winning makes you great. stats makes a stat stuffer. lebron is def that.
draino25::where is robert horry...or luke walton they won a bunch of rings as well...bill wennington, cant forget about him.
draino25::he said all you have to have is rings to be an all time great...i was naming guys who had rings.
BlkMexMamba2.0::U can tell who the Leader was on those teams u idiot
kobebetterthanbron::Agreed 100% Duncan over Karl Malone on every experts list Joe Montana over Dan Marino on every experts list even though Malone and Marino's stats dwarf Duncan and Montana's.  Why??? RINGS!!!! Malone and Marino NEVER won one!!!!
twentyanite::its just how we measure greatness. in all sports you have to win to be considered the best. now if you win and put up crazy numbers like mike and kareem then you get in even a different class. kobe is in the that class.
Inconvenient Truth::antistratfordianLeBron James missed a 3-pointer with seven seconds left in overtime that would have tied the game. Over the last two seasons, James is now 0-6 on 3-pointers in the last 24 seconds of the fourth quarter or overtime that would have tied or given the Heat the lead.   ========  that's what advanced stat guys call "descriptive" and not "predictive". it describes what happened during those 6 shots, but it doesn't predict what will happen on the next 6. the sample size is too small.    there, now you've learned something. ============  I think we all knew that. Thanks genius, we wouldnt have known that when a guy says "he lebron has missed the last 6 shots in the 4th quarter and over time to win or tie a gam" he's saying that Hes already missed them and that he's NOT saying he will or will not in the future miss those. thanks that was reeeealllly tough... Yeesh, can you belive this guy?
Inconvenient Truth::ive learned plenty. ive learned that lebron has had 2 TERRIBLE finals.
twentyanite::his 09 and 2010 were off the charts. he has been to the finals 7 times winning 5 times. in 3 peat and repeat fashion.
2kobeisgood4::what about the other five
madewunmi::notice how they were the first two times he was in the finals as the alpha male. im saying this to show that someone who doesnt win immediately doesnt mean they are doomed to be scrubs forever
madewunmi::kobe's 04 and 08 finals werent all that great either
antistratfordian::that is also descriptive and not predictive
draino25::there are alot of ways lebron is better than kobe, more than ways kobe is better than lebron....
Inconvenient Truth::nobodys trying to predict anything you idiot. we're just stating facts of the past
2kobeisgood4::lebron is not better than Kobe you can keep those stats maybe he will trade them in for a ring
twentyanite::%'s are great. what lebrons winning % in the finals. i gotta know.
GetOffMeDude::A big hole just like antistratfordian's mouth.
antistratfordian::LeBron James missed a 3-pointer with seven seconds left in overtime that would have tied the game. Over the last two seasons, James is now 0-6 on 3-pointers in the last 24 seconds of the fourth quarter or overtime that would have tied or given the Heat the lead.   ======== that's what advanced stat guys call "descriptive" and not "predictive".  it describes what happened during those 6 shots, but it doesn't predict what will happen on the next 6.  the sample size is too small.  there, now you've learned something.
greg94327::that sample size is too small yet you just dubbed his current season the greatest of all time through 10 games. Yeah....
Inconvenient Truth::LeBron James missed a 3-pointer with seven seconds left in overtime that would have tied the game. Over the last two seasons, James is now 0-6 on 3-pointers in the last 24 seconds of the fourth quarter or overtime that would have tied or given the Heat the lead.
jimmybarr::It's ok, it was worth repeating. [sorry... glitch... now repeating myself...]
jimmybarr::It's ok, it was worth repeating.
Inconvenient Truth::oh was this posted already? sorry
madewunmi::now youre recycling posts. this is sad
antistratfordian::LeBron has a 35.2 PER shooting 60%. 30 points on 18 shots a game is insanity.  add 8 boards and 7 assists?  <b>at the SLOW pace of today's league!?</b>  That would easily qualify as the greatest season ever.  If it holds up:  NO PLAYER WILL HAVE BEEN AS PRODUCTIVE PER POSSESSION AS LEBRON JAMES.  NOT WILT, NOT OSCAR, NOT MIKE, NOT ANYBODY.
kobebetterthanbron::LMAOROTF!!!!!! It is John Hollinger in disguise!!! You can wipe your a** wiith your PER and USAGE rate's they mean ZERO!!!
greg94327::how many FTs a game?
draino25::which is why if he was forced to retire tomorrow he would be a first ballot hall of famer
draino25::maybe montana is rated that high on your personnal qb list, but there are probably 10 guys you would put above him.
kobebetterthanbron::He would be a HOF'er on the same level with Karl Malone, Pat Ewing, and Charles Barkley if he retired today. A top 25 player of all time who is not in top 10 because all of those players have MULTIPLE rings. Duncan is way ahead of Malone on every EXPERTS list even though Malone's stats dwarf Duncan's. Why??? 4rings to 0 rings! The same reason Montana is ranked as the best QB ever on EVERYONE'S list even though Marino's stats dwarf his. Why??? NO RINGS!!!
twentyanite::what has all that effiecency earned him. 0-2 in the finals. stats dont make you great, winning does. lebron is the dan marino of the nba. for the 50th time you have witnessed a fraud.
dEEmHP::Winning doesn't necessarily make you great. Winning requires an entire team. Without anything resembling a supporting cast, you can't win championships. Just look at what happened to Lebron in Cleveland. Even Kobe knows the importance of having a supporting cast. He threw a fit when he didn't have decent people around him (and rightfully so). Lebron is now on a team with legitimate NBA-caliber players. Give him more than one season, and let's see what happens.
madewunmi::stop!!! i cant make legitamite points becuz of you
Inconvenient Truth::#small-sample-size-theatre
