UofMemphisTigers::<i><u><b>test</b></u></i>
mdr2855::Fire Stotts and hire Mike Brown. Done.
taylorNOgang::Very impressive now we just need to resign Hollins.
jg181837::Conley I believe will make 7.1 million this year Chris Paul will make 17.1 million I'll take Conley and 10 million any day there you go clips keep over paying for talent
Latinofire20::Who wrote this article?? The Grizzlies are NOT 1 1/2 games back of the Clippers. They are tied for third with the Nuggets. And the Grizzlies still have home court advantage against the Clippers because the Grizzlies have a better record, even if the grizzlies are a 5th seed at the moment.
BuffaloBiLLiaM::No the Floppers...um...Clippers have that seeding because they won their division. Division status is not what determines home court advantage.   On a side note, this is not the first article about the Grizzlies, or even the second or third, where the facts are erroneous and the article itself is lackluster. It seems ESPN could care less about the Grizz and puts their lowest, most inexperienced, writer on the job. And even then, it seems like that guy puts his kid on the job.
leon sandcastles69::um.. doesn't the clippers have home court b/c they won their division? So wouldn't that mean the grizz are 1 1/2 games behind the clipps?
Griss13ears::Was about to say the same thing. Amateurs.
Traditionrichjayhawk::Have to admit, as a Memphis fan, I'm proud of this team. This is a very efficient, and well-rounded team. They are very balanced offensively, and defensively. They are obviousbly battle-tested. The new players have gelled with the core of the team tremendously. The Rudy Gay trade was the best thing to ever happen to the Grizzlies because it gave Memphis more depth. They added Pittman, Leuer, and now Dooling. More depth. Mike Conley is having an awesome season as well too. Another thing, is they are tough, not SOFT, and that's the way you need to be if you want to do something in the pros.
Grindhouse2413::What do you mean, " you have to admit". Why is it so hard for you give our team love and respect?
Griss13ears::Agree!! We are at least as good (probably better) since the trade. Several guys have stepped up to make clutch shots at the end of games. Now we have cap space to resign Tony and go after another decent role player in the off season, perhaps a pure jump shooter.
TD_hastetheday::Lillard was a bust, plain and simple...
sworthin117::ol' kobelies.  gotta respect him
ryan225777::Ha... Is that a joke?
Kobelies247::Even i dont say bs like that....  Lillard is going to be an amazing player for a long long time...
Wolfy_Pants::team actually shot well besides bayless
Grindhouse2413::Still had 7 assists. His shot was off but he did other things well. I think he is great for this team
Griss13ears::He has his ups and downs. Glad he used his 'off night' tonight.
Please be rational::Question... Does anyone know why the Clippers are ahead of the Grizz in the standings?? Memphis has the better record.
Traditionrichjayhawk::To me, Clippers aren't that good. At first I thought they were good but look at them lately. They are simply FADING lately. I mean the Grizzlies beat the Clippers on their home floor about two, three weeks ago by 11, and even I was kind of amazed.
Grindhouse2413::^^^^^Bandwagon Fan^^^^^
MrInvictus::They can seed us, whatever they want!  Long as we have homecourt!  Actually might be best so we have sumn to $@%! off Z-Bo and Tony!
KingJamesTheGOAT::I came here to ask the exact same question LOL.  thanks for the replies guys
AKsparky907::The division winners are guaranteed a top 4 seed. If the grizz have a better record than the clippers and end up in the 5 seed they will still have home court. Weird rule.
Wolfy_Pants::i believe its made so a division winner will not face a top 3 team or another division winner in the first round at least..
DucksRUNPac12::Portland is pathetic. Just keep Lamarcus out, might as well trade him away, let him have a chance to win on a contender, build for the future.....this team isn't going anywhere.
Kobelies247::took you 70 games to figure that out?
MrInvictus::Oete Pranica just tweeted that Tony Allen was "off the chain", lol.  Luv our tv/radio guys!
Dominic10002::Good job Grizz!!!
Jumeax::Graet to see Grizz with 27 Assists
SquirrelWhaleBadgerBeaverHyena::76 points? Come on, Portland...Glad I didn't watch this game!
Traditionrichjayhawk::Grizzlies are excellent defensively. I'd say when they are on like this, them and the Pacers are argubably the two best defensive teams in the league.
Griss13ears::I dont think anyone would argue that. They are the top 2 ranked defenses.
MrInvictus::Ppl, yall have to start considering the opponent when judging your team.  Yall had 2 fwds out and had 2 shoot jumpers against a team with great D
AKsparky907::It happens against the grizz!
AKsparky907::Just got a new job starting Monday but I will take some time off to fly down to memphis for the western conference finals!
Grindhouse2413::Congrats AK!!!
MrInvictus::in other news, Rubio had 8 STEALS 2nite!  The Bucks guards gotta do better, lol
Danny26278::we suck
Grindhouse2413::The question is: Who is going to blink first, The Floppers, The Chicken Nuggets, or The Grit and Grind Grizzly Bears?
Traditionrichjayhawk::I definitely see the Floppers losing at least two more, and everything. The Nuggets will probably win at least two more too as well.
MrInvictus::Exactl;y... I was the Warriors, or Houston if the Warriors keep blowing it.
1grizzfan4life::I can't wait for round 2! I will be at every game, booing the $h!t outta Paul and Griffin!
AKsparky907::Hopefully we will be in that 3 spot playing the warriors.
Grindhouse2413::Man me too!!!
1grizzfan4life::Clearly the Floppers. They've been sucking lately anyway.
AKsparky907::I'm thinking the nuggets will lose 2 more and the grizz will only drop 1 leaving us in the 3 spot.
Grindhouse2413::Dam proud. 51st win and a winning record on the road. This is our year!!!!
Traditionrichjayhawk::It is. This has been a very impressive year in a year that we have gotten beat by 20 by three different teams. But that was when we weren't as deep as we were before. That has changed now.
Grindhouse2413::WTF man. Yeah all those losses were when we had Rudy on the team. New team, New direction.
AKsparky907::Most wins by a grizz team!
1grizzfan4life::Anybody see on NBATV one of them dirty a$$ Clippers Ryan Hollins with a headlock on Dragic? I wish he'd try that to one of my Grizz.
danielc901::I've watched that guy play in games. He is dirty. Learned from the worst - Chris Paul.
1grizzfan4life::Apparently
Grindhouse2413::It be a fight for sure. We don't bluff
MrInvictus::Did we send Wroten back down to the d-league?
Traditionrichjayhawk::I really like Tony Wroten. He's young, and he's learning. He will get better.
MrInvictus::He'll learn.  He's def got vision, he's made sum amazing passes this season.  He can afford to get fouls on D, he only plays a handful of minutes.  We mostly use him to change pace and disrupt thr rythym of the opposing PG
AKsparky907::I hear ya. I'm hoping for the best. He has proved that he can bring the required intensity on D and drive the lane. The vision I question only because of all the charges. Maybe that is because of his limited minutes he tries too hard to get buckets.
AKsparky907::I agree Conley has come a long way but he was still better than Wroten at this stage. I like his size too and he seems to play decent D when doesn't foul but I have seen more charges out of him than assists or buckets.
MrInvictus::I like Wroten's  size and D... we needed a big point to be able to attack the lane and draw fouls.  He's get better, he's only 19-20.  Remember Conley after one yr in college... Exactly!
AKsparky907::They should. All he does is charge wildly into the lane.
danielc901::I think he's out with migraine problems.
Grindhouse2413::No, he had migraines so he was resting at the hotel
doof54::Wroten misses a game with a migraine every time the team flies to the west coast. Check the record.
johnholmes6969::fakers then the floppers..... both games well get a W gng
sharkjaws457::Leuer got in!
1grizzfan4life::Lakers, get ready. YOU are NEXT!
MrInvictus::FYI for tonight. Conley - 20pts 5ast:1 turnover, 1st Lillard - 17pts, 6ast:5TO!!! (horrible) 0st. Conley owned him! +/- :   Connley +17  /  Lillard -14
emthomasjr::&gt; .500 road win record!
Minnysota Vikings::Is Victor Claver the worst player in the NBA?
emthomasjr::Good win Griz!
MrInvictus::It's becoming a trend for Conley to outplay the competition!
Traditionrichjayhawk::Mike Conley's three point shooting has gotten better, and better each year. I believe he's shooting about 44, 45% from three point range. Then he is leading this offense, getting people involved. He is racking up steals like it's nothing. He's easily one of the top point guards in the league, definitely top 10.
MrInvictus::His ast:t/o ratio is sick, then he tacks almost 2.5 steals per game on top of that!!!  Real PG skills!
AKsparky907::He has been on fire for the last 20 games. After every summer he comes back with a better jumper.
Grizzfanmt::Is Dexter Pittman actually skilled in any way or is he just good at being huge.
MrInvictus::We might need his size if Z-Bo or Marc get in foul trouble.  After getting worked over in practice everyday, I'm hoping he learns sumn from those 2
danielc901::I've yet to see any skill. But here's to hoping there is some in there somewhere.
1grizzfan4life::As if he'll ever play anything more than a garbage minute anyway. LOL
hiraiken::Once again the Griz forces the opponents to play their style, hoisting up countless amount of long bricks that could build the Vatican
AKsparky907::4 in a row. Nice to see the grizz finding their groove again.
Traditionrichjayhawk::They got the Lakers and the Kings next. They should beat BOTH of them. Going into the Charlotte game at home, they should have 53 wins BAR NONE! Lakers and Kings are not good teams.
Grizzfanmt::Keeyon Dooling missed the rim by a solid 2 feet.
Lugene Parker::looked like four to me!
MrInvictus::Ok everybody, who played better 2nite... CONLEY or LILLARD?
AKsparky907::Mike or sure.
Grizzfanmt::Conley tonight but Lillard is a better player and only a rookie.
AKsparky907::Lillard isn't better. He may be a better scorer but is not as good a defender or floor general as mike.
1grizzfan4life::Mike!
elakiri::Who wins COLLEGE BB ?  Michigan or Louisville ??
tholar::The Cuse will win it For Jimmy B.. Watch him hang it up after the tourney. He aint going to that crappy ACC
roy2daboy::Who cares!!!!  If Memphis aint in it, I don't give a sh..it
1grizzfan4life::YES! GO TIGERS GO!
Bpipkin26::Michigan Ware is out and Louisville is depleted in their backcourt. And Smith and Siva are always in foul trouble.
e4c6::Louisville, though it wouldn't shock me if Michigan won the way they've been playing lately.
1grizzfan4life::Loui
danielc901::I'd say Louisville. They look crazy good right now.
Sand_dusk_ski::The Grizzlies will be in the WCF
BOOKIER666::pitful only score 76
1grizzfan4life::Don't be too ashamed. Blazers did play against Grizz defense.
MrInvictus::Exactly, we've won games with 80.  We're stingy!
rc021363::GG Blazers fans.  Grit N Grind Grizzlies!!!
roy2daboy::Grizz win the series???
danielc901::3-1
MrInvictus::Barton should have stayed in college.  Not sure about his personal life situation, butbasketball wise, he nedded another yr in college.  Unfortunately, he came out of high school a top guard, then in 2 yrs didn't get any better or any BIGGER!  What's going on Tiger strength &amp; conditioning coach???
roy2daboy::He's supposed to be the same strength coach that has worked with Blake Griffin and now Z-Bo.  No one has seen his face because he usually keeps it covered up for some strange reason.
roy2daboy::You mean Frank (however you spell his last name)?
MrInvictus::Don't know what his name is, but he should be fired... NOBODY gets better, faster, stronger, bigger!  Whoever we get outta high school, is exactly what the tiigers have until they leave.
its1929again::how much is he making?
1grizzfan4life::LEUR! Or however the hell you spell it LOL
TheTigerFan555::Wow Keyon Dooling needs to practice his shot
elakiri::Grizzlies are better than spurs but not better than thunder
AKsparky907::Grizz will beat the thunder if the thunder get out of the first round.
Bpipkin26::We just beat the Thunder matter of fact we beat them twice this season we can beat OKC.
danielc901::Leuer! GOAT!
hiraiken::airballing like a plague right now
pdxdgh2012::isnolan smith the worst player on the blazers?
Bpipkin26::We get that 3 seed we gone sweep Golden State in the first round of the playoffs easily.
MrInvictus::They haven't won a game against us in 3 years
Bpipkin26::And it will stay that way in the postseason.
hiraiken::this is getting UGLY
roy2daboy::It's been ugly from the start
1grizzfan4life::Cmon now Pittman shoulda been going to the line!
elakiri::Trail Blazers are one of those teams going nowhere !
pdxdgh2012::we are tanking it so good job man
Bpipkin26::The Lakers gone get it Friday night we playing for that 3 seed.
