LashLaroo4You::Heat will win the title again EASILY!
KnixTix::Not so fast playa...LBJ can't do it alone.  Wade is finished.
LashLaroo4You::No, actually the Jets Knicks and Yankees are HISTORY!
DolphinsWillRule::Heat will WIN the title AGAIN this Year! No ands ifs or butts!
gsquared112::Skip wrote a masterpiece about LeQuit this week. Read it. Still needs to prove clutch gene
KnixTix::The article was great and fact-filled!  Masterpiece!!!
docholliday032000::Skip and masterpiece should never be used in the same sentence. Skip is just horrible.
eatthatbutt::proving implies numbers to back up your statements.  skip had zero, merely anecdotal episodes.  he even claimed that lebron's game 5 in detroit wasn't very good and made it sound like monta ellis or somebody else could have done it because rasheed wallace wasn't there.  absolutely ridiculous
andys9954::Heat nation haters will always find ways to talk $@%! about the Heat but all you got to say we have the best team right now in the nba and no one can taking that away from us :)
KnixTix::Except the Knicks are the only undefeated team
oneandonlybabe::Things slow around here and to make matters worse not one of tonight's games catches my eye. I miss the shortened season.... I already went to the 'fair shake' article (aka free for all Lebron haters) and that's about the only convo with traffic at this time. I guess this means time to occupy myself elsewhere
major red::Lou williams was really bad too
nba is the worst::As was larry drew - morrow hot, only got what, 15 minutes?
nba is the worst::brandonlee561heat22 - Ya, probably all came in the first half too -=-=-  He got 5 pts in 4:06 in the 3rd, and never played again.
nba is the worst::If I'm drew, I'm using the lineup that beat OKC - which means no Smith!
oneandonlybabe::I used to think he was a good coach, why is that, I wonder.....
brandonlee561heat22::Ya, probably all came in the first half too
brandonlee561heat22::Yea, I was thrilled they didnt go to Morrow much in the 2nd half, he was on fire in the first half
major red::Lol and how is korver starting smh.
nba is the worst::In other news, lebronists will be happy to hear that after last night's games, lebron once again leads in PER
oneandonlybabe::I'm a huge Lebron fan and not only I didn't know that but I care very little about PER  hmmm does that make me a bad fan?
eatthatbutt::PER is pretty meaningless.  you only have to shoot 33% and 25% from 3 to break even.  So if you shot 38% and 26% from 3 while taking 100 shots a game your PER would the highest all-time.  You would lose all the time too.  So not caring about PER not only makes you a good fan, but an intelligent one as well.
TheHEATUniverse::A bit of a slow offensive game tonight, but the Heat pull away and win it, improving to 5-1 – with the help of a clutch LeBron jumper to put Miami’s lead out of reach of the Hawks.  While Dwyane Wade was out with a cold, LeBron was 1 assist shy of a triple-double... READ MORE HERE: http://theheatuniverse.com/heat-recap-miami-95-atlanta-89/
TheHEATUniverse::A bit of a slow offensive game tonight, but the Heat pull away and win it, improving to 5-1 – with the help of a clutch LeBron jumper to put Miami’s lead out of reach of the Hawks.  While Dwyane Wade was out with a cold, LeBron was 1 assist shy of a triple-double... READ MORE HERE: http://theheatuniverse.com/heat-recap-miami-95-atlanta-89/
major red::Wish miller played better oh well.
brandonlee561heat22::Him and Stevenson were locked in a tight race for worst starter last night
brandonlee561heat22::It was a close race, both were pretty bad
nba is the worst::Miller 4 pts 6 rebs 2 ast, Stevenson 3 pts 1 reb 0 ast - and the ugliest shot release ever
bp2685::We took Hawks best shot and won on the road without Wade...GO HEAT!!!
oneandonlybabe::The Hawks are a strange team and they don't really have a 'home' since most of the fans there root for other teams. They could surprise everyone and go to Miami and play much better.
nba is the worst::Imagine being a hawks player in a close game vs a division rival and having a large portion of the crowd rooting for your opponent at the end.  Unreal
nba is the worst::Bosh continued his history of playing well in Atlanta - simply destroying Horford.  Hawks are the only team that might end up at .500+ in the southeast division besides the heat - and I wouldn't count on it
oneandonlybabe::I think having stepped  it up last year  in the absence of one or both Wade and Lebron has given him renewed confidence.
nba is the worst::Josh Smith in his contract year making a statement:  6-19 Fgs 1-5 fts, including 0-3 down the stretch 3 TOs  Max contract?
jayraldratuita@gmail.com::Hope he gets no trade clause too
oneandonlybabe::He was right down awful!
MotorCityMagic28::LeBron is so far more like Oscar Robertson than MJ
nba is the worst::Seems like a fair assessment - stats king, one ring
oneandonlybabe::Until he gets the second and the third and....  LOL I honestly don't care if he doesn't get any more rings. For as long as he contributes to the team fully, I'm Ok with it.
BoagsBeer::Josh Smith lit it up last night with his shooting...NOT!!!
brandonlee561heat22::You had to know after he shot and made that first 20 footer, he was going to keep shooting all night. I was so happy when that first one went in.
oneandonlybabe::Has any player been fined already or have there been only warnings so far?
MotorCityMagic28::Yeah I saw a couple players. I think it was Jose Barea and Jerry Sloan's son
nba is the worst::Jerry Sloan's son - now that's funny!
robert3711::every fine that came out would get appealed and it is a players word against what people think you did
oneandonlybabe::And how does it work? the fine comes the second time after warning? Not very clear at all (at least to me)
nba is the worst::There is no appeals process.  here's the nba.com link to the updates: http://www.nba.com/official/
oneandonlybabe::Thanks. So it's incremental, got it. Nothing on any appeal process though. I don't know if all cases are clear cut.
nba is the worst::After the warning, all subsequent determinations will result in fines, which increase with every offense
brandonlee561heat22::yep, seems like it:  http://www.nba.com/2012/news/10/03/anti-flopping-rule/index.html
robert3711::i do not think so it is so hard to prove flopping that i think all they are getting is warnings.
nba is the worst::no - only 2 warnings so far (Barea and Sloan).  It's daily.
brandonlee561heat22::Not sure
brandonlee561heat22::I've only seen a couple warnings. Im not sure if they do it game by game, or weekly, or what.
oneandonlybabe::I've only read about warnings. I don't really know much about it so I wonder if the players have any appeal options.
SouthFloridasports23::haha and now he's flagging love getting that moron angry
SouthFloridasports23::the worst probably born with a special condition......if only that condition meant he was never actually alive
SouthFloridasports23::he probably works in mcdonalds is fat, stinks like s h i t and should move to mexico
SouthFloridasports23::"nba is the worst" don't you get bored? You've been trolling for about 6 years. What do you do with your life?
UndefeatedUntied::All he does is WHINE about referees because hes probably a degenerate loser gambler that has lost a fortune. But we dont need to hear it!
UndefeatedUntied::and hes very JEALOUS of the Miami Heat as he is a Spurs fan so WHY is he on EVERY Heat Story? Mods you need to ban him for trolling!
UndefeatedUntied::You need to flag him and all his trolling rhetoric which is against site rules!
SouthFloridasports23::I feel for your parents...who has to put up with such a freak
SouthFloridasports23::You're life was quashed as soon as you were born
nba is the worst::wow - some heat fans think they need to quash others.  Lame and defensive.
SouthFloridasports23::I've flagged 90% of his posts which I've seen for the past 3 years haha
brandonlee561heat22::Will they fine/warn Korver for his flop?
robert3711::what is funny is the same play happened to lebron last year in the playoffs against the knicks and nba is the worse was on here stating that lebron floped and should be suspended
nba is the worst::really?  Who pushed lebron, and in what game, son?
oneandonlybabe::haha
UndefeatedUntied::Flagged!
brandonlee561heat22::i don't really feel like it was a flop, but reading the rules, it could have been certainly been classified as one. Who knows
brandonlee561heat22::I guess
nba is the worst::It looked to me like Korver was already losing balance, and because he was right next to the sideline if he took a step he'd be out.  Pretty clearly a push from chalmers - he reached out and made the contact
brandonlee561heat22::I guess it was a push, didnt really look like Chalmers even extended his arm, to me, which would lead me to believe: "The primary factor in determining whether a player committed a flop is whether his physical reaction to contact with another player is inconsistent with what would reasonably be expected given the force or direction of the contact."  It could have been classified as a flop to me. Im not sure how strong Chalmers is, but if putting his hand Korvers lower back, is enough to push over a 210 lb grown man, then it isnt a flop. Guess it's up to the league.
nba is the worst::Are you talking about Chalmers' uncalled push, or something else?
nba is the worst::;)  Why not?
SouthFloridasports23::"nba is the worst" is a FRAUD
oneandonlybabe::Oh c'mon worst you know you're obsessed with the Heat, I mean one of your alter egos is 'heat full season' I have  no problems with the NBA, none (well other than the Knicks sucking in the last couple of decades or so)
nba is the worst::You jump to conclusions more than most folks here, and then talk as if your conclusions were reality.  Carry on, idk about you or your obvious  "obsession" with me in the slightest
oneandonlybabe::There I gave you a like, that was actually funny.
nba is the worst::lol @ "trying to help"  Egos are funny!
oneandonlybabe::Should I use your favorite retort?  Projecting much? LOL  Seriously though I was trying to help you cause I used to enjoy when you posted stats, general info on matches and players and pretty reasonable posts.  Like I said I was mistaken and the joke's on me!
UndefeatedUntied::Note to Moderators WHY is this individual continually allowed to troll and make derogatory comments about NBA officiating in order to incite other bloggers? Why isn't he suspended? What he CONTINUALLY does is against the site rules!
SouthFloridasports23::"nba is the worst" you need to go see a doctor, But I guess your mental problems are not curable
oneandonlybabe::Well I used to think he was just a troll. I mean we all have fun messing with other fans from time to time (I particularly enjoy dealing with Lakers/Kobe fans) but I've come to the conclusion nba is worst really, really believes there is a conspiracy to crown the Heat every year until Lebron's prediction comes true and he really, really believes that Wade is the dirtiest scum on the face of the earth.
SouthFloridasports23::nba is the worst the low of the low the scum of the scum I've known that for 5 years haha
robert3711::he is a troll getting respnses from everyone. knows nothing about basketball and writes about things that he reads from other post
robert3711::now i read alot of the post man you all lost your minds, there is no agenda consipacy theories or any of that. if there was the players would have to be in on it so they know they going to lose before the game starts, cause if the players thought that was happening they would quit these are professionals they do not want to lose this is not the WWE. Yes there are calls refs miss or call ref should of made but it has been a long time since i seen the ref actually cost a team a game in basketball. do not talk about fouls in the first 47 min of game casue one foul will not cost you a game poor shooting will.
robert3711::becasue you were busting your but training camp and all the work outs just to find out that the game is fixed it would $@%! you off as a player and players would come out and say the games are fixed
nba is the worst::Please explain how the players "would have to be in on" referees influencing outcomes
UndefeatedUntied::Note to Moderators WHY is this individual continually allowed to troll and make derogatory comments about NBA officiating in order to incite other bloggers? Why isn't he suspended? What he CONTINUALLY does is against the site rules!
oneandonlybabe::And how about my Knicks? Do I dare start believing?
eatthatbutt::if you believe they'll set the NBA records for 3's made in a season and 3's per game, then yes, keep believing.
oneandonlybabe::well this good start surprised me because I really thought they were going to be a lot worse than last season. but you're right, early going and I know enough to not get my hopes up.
robert3711::they are good thought they would be in the top four at the end of season. but it is a long season less see what happens
oneandonlybabe::worst, let me put this up here cause that chain of comments is getting rather long. say what you will about me, I still feel sorry for you if you think complaining non-stop about refs on ESPN game conversations is going to change anything. but you're free to do it as you are to throw it back at me.  I honestly thought you were smart that is all but I see that you're not.
oneandonlybabe::you said it below man, and I quote: "The more people complain about the problem, the greater the chances of it being reduced."
oneandonlybabe::well you used it to support your complaining here about the refs, you tell me. LOL it's just too easy so I will just stop instead of taking advantage of you.
nba is the worst::Hardly the same thing, is it.
nba is the worst::When have I ever said that I think posting on a chat board would change anything?  Your opinions/conclusions/projections regarding me are just that - I'm not affected by your issues in the slightest.
oneandonlybabe::Don't people get tired of blaming the refs? I usually visit different conversations during games and it's always the same: the losing team fans blaming the refs. We all know that the refs make mistakes and they are even blatant at times but what's the constant complaining going to accomplish?.  It's obvious that it bothers some people very much. In such cases, they ought to be a bit smarter and just stop watching to avoid the aggravation
bhenry1984::Human error is part of the game that must be taken with it. Unless you are going to make a video review of every call to ensure 100 percent accuracy, which would make the games last astronomically long, then its something that all of us are going to have to deal with, be it good or bad for whichever team.  In regards to the agenda, sure the NBA has them but I don't believe that they are being pushed through by the refs in some sort of Las Vegas betting conspiracy. I think It is its more about the media putting a spin on things to create a narrative to make sports more attractive to new and ongoing fans, but certainly not a conspiracy or whatever have you.
Lemon Haterade::I can agree stop watching if you think it's that way, but you can also complain if you love something and think it's being corrupted.  I love sports because I want to watch the best athletes in the world compete fairly.  If that gets cheated, you have a right to complain because it's important to you to have that outlet be fair.  I'm just giving my opinion on fixed games.  And of course the agenda is having big markets be successful.  The league and it's owners move out of markets that aren't making money for anyone.  But it's silly to me to think that the NBA would choose to pick Miami over Dallas and then 5 years later fix it the other way.  But your point is a good one.  To get so worked up over something you have no proof of is silly
nba is the worst::An intelligent person would understand that this board is equally about the losing team.  Your claim that "it's always about the heat" is false.  If you're not advocating for a solution, you're part of the problem.
oneandonlybabe::Yes, I wasn't referring to giving opinions on refs. I have complained about terrible calls and I'm shocked about the NBA hiring convicted felons.  What I am talking about is people like nba is worst who endlessly posts about refs to the fans of the winning team (well in his case it's always about the Heat)  If I felt strongly about this issue I would try a different approach. Contact the NBA directly or ESPN to see if they are interested in running a piece about it. I def. don't think that the fans of the winning team (the one supposedly being favored) can do anything about the matter.  But we are all entitled to our opinions which is the beauty of it.
Lemon Haterade::refs make mistakes.  Doesn't mean there is an agenda behind them from the league.  MLB had no interest in Jim Joyce blowing a call at first base costing Gallaraga a perfect game.  I don't think the NFL would like to screw Aaron Rodgers and the Packers but the refs did.  It's how sports are.  A missed strikeout call leading to a HR the next AB is aggravating but it's not a conspiracy.  Heat get a few calls, bad officiating but not a conspiracy.  You can't fix a game without fixing everything about it.  Players have to be in on it or it will never work.
oneandonlybabe::I feel for you man. Gotta be a difficult life to live.
nba is the worst::Just ignore it - there's nothing unusual about Alltime finals free throw records in just 6 games, right?  That was just a "mistake"
oneandonlybabe::I don't completely agree with you. I don't believe in conspiracies but I do believe in agendas which have become more prevalent as the money changing hands in professional sports has become astronomical.  Still my point wasn't even about whether one believes in the conspiracies and agendas or not but about how useless complaining about it really is.
nba is the worst::Sure, who wants fair officiating in pro sports?  Hire a couple of more felony convicts!  smh
nba is the worst::"Why question authority - sheep mentality is intelligent"!  -oneandonlybabe
oneandonlybabe::Yes, it does, not that you would know though. Carry on fighting your wind mills. I would suggest Don Quixote as your another name for one of  your multiple ESPN personalities
NateThe Great 79::God! You are annoying.
nba is the worst::As if your black and white "either accept it or completely reject it" shows "intelligence"...  The more people complain about the problem, the greater the chances of it being reduced.
oneandonlybabe::They love wrestling so they are happy to subject themselves to it.  Anyway, I really thought you were an intelligent person but I realize now that I have misjudged you. Carry on with your ref. blame game, if it's any consolation you are not the alone, you have that in common with a great number of average fans around here.
nba is the worst::So do WWE fans "subject themselves" to wrestling?
oneandonlybabe::Dude you are really smarter than this.  I didn't say anything about not wanting fairness in officiating. I'm saying those of us who are sane know that there is no complete fairness in anything.  I really didn't realize you were this obtuse for my post was very clear and wasn't about whether the officiating is right or fair but how nonsensical is to subject yourself to something that aggravates you so much.
Lemon Haterade::no, because it's the easy way out.  You can't prove conspiracy, but just the thought of it gives you a reason to not accept reality.
oneandonlybabe::but that's what I mean, I wouldn't subject myself to that. I don't think any smart person would. I am not saying that the NBA, MLB or any other league don't have their agendas, I'm saying people should either accept it or completely reject it by not watching. Subjecting others to their constant whining is a loser's game,imho.
heatsfan101::Lebron James Clutch!
dro1964::NBA to levy $50K fine on Josh Smith for touching the knees of the LeBron
nba is the worst::How dare he get in the way of LeBulldozer!
Hanging w Mr. Hooper::Just stop responding to that hater chick, NBA is the worst or something like that. She's obviously misguided, miseducated and missing the time before the Heat took over. Like a petulant child, her behavior cannot be encouraged through acknowledgement. We should all just try to ignore her from now on.
Bamm7272::we can always count on NBA is the worst for amusement. Day or night she is a fixture on the Heat boards.
Lemon Haterade::no doubt, nba is the worst is having fun, gotta love the boards and it's favorite trolls.  It's too bad the Heat won, Heatster disappeared
Hanging w Mr. Hooper::Haters! Hahahaha
Bamm7272::Ive seen her plenty - just like tooling with her.
Lemon Haterade::That's how CHAMPIONS respond on the road.
Lemon Haterade::Why did the NBA tell LeBron James to play so poorly in '11 then?  Why did the Heat give up a double digit lead when they could have taken control of the Finals?  Why couldn't the refs stop that from happening?  Would have been so easy to ease a few fouls in there and stop the comeback, nobody would have even complained...Why did they choose to let the Mavericks win but not the Thunder?
Lemon Haterade::Little things like that cost the Thunder, not a ref.  Refs don't make a player in the 2 most crucial of a series shoot 4-20.  Fail
nba is the worst::Thunder played in '06?
Lemon Haterade::So, the NBA rigged James Harden's jumpshot?
Lemon Haterade::There is a reason better teams get more FT's, it's not a conspiracy, it's because the other team has a more difficult time stopping them.  Who is going to stop Bosh on the Hawks?  That's why he gets 10 FT's...Wade attacks and you are forced to stop him, and because he's better than 90 percent of the players trying to stop him, he goes to the line.  it's basketball 101, only the weak cry about refs
nba is the worst::Sure - why look at huge statistical outliers like Wade being handed over 3X his ft avg in 2 games ( Wade 46 fts, heat +37)  to "somehow" prevail by 4 total pts?  Just call a rigged finals legit, and those that don't like it are "crying"...
nba is the worst::8 on 5 usually works
nba is the worst::Ha ha, noticing key calls such as Crawford coming through with charging and the key no-call is "cherry picking".  And when the heat shoot 47 fts, it's because they attack the rim more. Never mind that they basically got every 50/50 call two postseasons in a row...
Lemon Haterade::I guess the refs causes Smith to choke at the line too?  It's garbage and a fun troll but in the end, sad.  King's gotta ring, making it less fun for the haters
Lemon Haterade::same argument that's been going on for the last 30+ years.  It's a weak excuse and shows very little knowledge of the game.  People cherry pick calls.  They don't seem to weigh in the missed calls in qtr 1 that would have been a few pts swinging this way or that.  Bottom Line, Heat 5-1
Bamm7272::Miami 22 Fouls Atlanta 16 Fouls.  I agree it was one sided. Miami beat them playing against 8. Sorry about my tissue remark, you were correct. I didn't know officiating was that one sided.
nba is the worst::Fail.
Bamm7272::Tissue?
Bamm7272::So who is playing Miami in the Finals?
nba is the worst::We can hope the Spurs - that means no repeat for you!
Bamm7272::I don't think the Spurs will keep up. The LAkers a mess, but they will be better. OKC - what can we expect? The West is wide open and they will beat themselves up.
Lemon Haterade::Yeah, just like Oklahoma was going to sweep them?  Please
nba is the worst::Amazing just how often the deciding play of the game for the heat is a no-call right in front of the refs
Bamm7272::I'm sure you have a totally unbiased point of view
nba is the worst::You believe any of those weren't fouls?  smh
nba is the worst::ECF gm 2, Rondo hit in the face in OT with the score tied, no-call heat score go-ahead bucket.  Finals gm 2, Lebron fouls KD twice with seconds left, fts would have tied the game, no-call preserves the win.  Last night, Chalmers pushes Korver out right in front of the ref with the Hawks up 2, turnover.  FACTS
561soldier::Do you only notice the no-calls that you think should have went against the Heat?
Bamm7272::There's less haters out there, but we can always count on you.
dwight howard undefeated getting coaches fired::lol did the hawks coach shake lebron's hand after he hit the game winning shot?  wtf did i just see on espn??
HereWeGoBuffalo89::Honest question for Miami fans....How many of you were truly fans pre-Lebron? I would say 10% maybe, so quit the "haters will hate" garbage, because perennial losers will jump on the closest band wagon.
Hanging w Mr. Hooper::Living in Kansas City I have no home basketball team. While I do hear your frustration and can see some annoyance. I have always been a huge fan of LBJ, so when he moved so did my love, as my love for teams is almost solely player centric. Loved Wade before too. So while I do hear what you are saying, I believe the person before said it best " there is no right way to be a fan", as annoying for that may be for lifetime Heat fans.
Lemon Haterade::That's an honest question for many in EVERY fanbase.  There is no right way to be a fan.  Should people not enjoy when a team puts out the best product the sport has to offer?  People have to stop with this bandwagon hate crap.  We are all bandwagon in one way or another.  10-72 teams aren't selling out 41 straight games.
Bamm7272::Since 1988. I actually even went to a few games in the now demolished Miami Arena when I was a student in FIU
vermincaine::Did Atlanta's coach gave LeBron a handshake, after he nailed that clutch shot?
ewalkerhodges::miami was too small last year... they won the title remember!!
nba is the worst::* though
Big XII Refs are a Joke::THE MIAMI HEAT WILL WIN ANOTHER CHAMPIONSHIP THIS SEASON!!! KING JAMES GETS BACK TO BACK RINGS!!!  HATERS GONNA HATE!
KnixTix::Great nut-crunching win for the KNIX 2NITE.   Now what's up B-I-O-T-C-H-E-S-???
Bamm7272::The Knicks..LOL
nba is the worst::Undefeated. 1st place!
smokingstogies305::Nothing? Last time I checked, the Knicks still haven't won squat? A 5th seed and a first round exit is nothing to be proud of.
nba is the worst::New team, new season.
warfreakbix::A lot of pressed trolls here, lol to infinity
a617guy::Yo the Heat stink haha.
Athletic_Trainer::Celtics are 2 - 3 moron.
gsquared112::Heat fans have to be worried whether LeBald is in decline. PPG way down; only averaging 4 FT attempts per game. Not driving as much or playing aggressively. Satisfied with just one "ring" (not full season)?
Athletic_Trainer::Ignorance is such a disease. rebounds, assists, FG% are up. He is right now THE most efficient player in thye game.
ChrisSinatra::Overrated. The heat will not win the title. Lebron will get Hirt and so will wade
oneandonlybabe::Well reasoned post... NOT You say they're overrated and you support your claim by saying (wishing) in;juries on Lebron and Wade. I guess you think they are that good that you need them sidelined.
Athletic_Trainer::another butt hurt Celtics fan. When you guys win more than a couple of games, let us know.
Yadi is G.C.O.A.T.::smellin a minimum 5-peat here.
nba is the worst::Heat fan, calling for a 5-peat with just a short-season title. Let's see if they can pull off a repeat first, eh?  There's a reason no team without Phil Jackson at the helm has done it for 18 years...
Lemon Haterade::2 Best teams played and the Heat were the best.  end of troll
nba is the worst::Sure, lockout seasons are identical  to normal ones- no starters for other playoff teams were out, right?  Oh, wait...
Spielzeit::Unless the playoffs were shortened as well, that has almost no bearing on the quality of the championship. Everyone had the exactly the same conditions for the season.
gottem43::LAKERS ^
3riple3hreat::Wow the guy almost goes for a triple double and makes the MOST clutch shot of the game to seal the WIN and you guys still find something. It was enough of a game winner...really...really. Get a girlfriend, play some Halo or give to charity. If you have to reach that far to hate you guys need something positive in your life
gsquared112::LeBrick making a "clutch" shot up 2 means nothing. When will he make THE shot to win games on a regular basis? How many walkoffs in his career? Two? Pathetic
3riple3hreat::As long as Jordan was in the league he hit only seven, Kobe I think has the most but also one of the longest careers at 10. The reason why Lebron doesn't have that many game winners is two fold. One they usually have the lead in hand and secondly he makes the right play not hero ball. If you have to shoot over three guys or pass to Mike Miller/Ray Allen/James Jones all great shooters you take that.
warfreakbix::gsquared112  Awww the troll still can't move on, Cavs fan probably?
gsquared112::Is Udonis also a "great shooter"? Because LeBald pathetically passed to him at the end of that Jazz game
BIGGDOGG2425::You sound like Skip Bayless Dumb A$$, talking about walkoffs, this is not baseball and that shot did win the game.
James59923::Lebrick?  Lol ok son when a man could shot almost 50% while avg well over 25 ppg umm yea he aint shooting that many bricks,  also this is considered a clutch shot it won the game n you sir are pathetic
MIANoleInNYC::Exhibit A on why NBA fans are the dumbest
BasketballTensai::LeBron is a 23-9-6 player now... Well it's not a bad thing I guess.
3riple3hreat::Stop forgetting about the defense please. He is the best defender in the league by far.
BIGGDOGG2425::That's why he's the best!!!!!
Steveforprez04::Miami &gt; Any west team
Texicano10::lebron made a shot when we were winning by 2 he's the clutchest ever!!!!  -heat fans
3riple3hreat::How many clutch shots/stretches does he have to make. 18 strait point agisnt the championship Pistons, clutch game against the Magic, CLASSIC game 6 against Boston, and many others. Added to that you give him no respect for clutch passing which should get just as much credit
Texicano10::he's still the best in the game right now but he'll never be clutch, last seconds of the game and his teams down he don't even want to the ball
BIGGDOGG2425::Youngster, you can be clutch and don't have to shoot the ball, as long as you do something to help your team win the game in the last seconds.  Stop watching Skip Bayless, because he doesn't know $@%! about basketball.
rawgator06::Boston series- clutch Championship- clatch Haters gunna hate
HotBoyHeat::Game winner Bron that is all. Oh &amp; Lakers still suck...
lebronsdadmolestedcats::game winner lol heat fans dont know basketball. i guess kobe has about a thousand game winners then if that was a gamewinner
lebronsdadmolestedcats::bro we trolled so hard about that!!! were so cool! i cant believe ive been a heat fan for almost 2 years now. it feels good to bandwagon. thank god dwight howard, drose and paul pierce was injured last year so we could finally win a championship.
FadeBackShoot2Points::I really wouldn't call that a game winner..it was a dagger  this is a game winner  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jc9G_RLY2Bo
Heat Rule Bulls Suk::Bulls fans can be such a disgrace to the sport... they're so fair weather
FadeBackShoot2Points::lol me too..I trolled the shittt out of them after that series
Heat Rule Bulls Suk::HAHAHAH I REMEMBER TALKING SO MUCH SH.IT TO BULLS FA.GGOT FANS AFTER THAT
Heat Rule Bulls Suk::Love how some people said it was reminiscent of the 1998 NBA Finals game-winner... that shows you how high up Bron is to MJ
