Christopher Durham::Of course the team is going to play better without Rose for a while. Same as any team would play better without their superstar if said person took a year off.  You learn to play as a team then your star comes back and dominates the ball but is still rusty.  Same would happen to the Heat if Lebron got hurt and sat out a year.  If Rose was truly back to speed, the Bulls would be just fine but until he knocks the rust off completely, they will struggle trying to see how everyone will work together.
Storm::Some might say, Because Rose didn't play, Chicago earns it's first road win and finally gets above .500 for the season.
Rico M::I wonder whats going on through Rose's mind whenever he sees that his team seems to play better team ball without him?
Anton::Like I always said, the Bulls are better with Kirk distributing instead of Rose ballhogging. This game is the clear example of that.
ShmoeDizzle::what's gotten into boozer this season?  contract year?
fup duck::Toronto guards need to start thinking about how to get the ball to Jonas
Hooch::I hope the Bulls rest Rose.   They can win with Captain Kurk  at point. Let's hope the team plays like they did last game.   Go above 500 and get ready for the revenge game on Saturday.    I certainly don't want to  look past Toronto, who has a better record than the Bulls.  We need this game. if the Bulls can win these next two games, then it all systems go. GO BULLS !!
J.Singh::As a Raptors fan, I'm actually pretty happy right now they're getting there butts spanked! They completely deserve it. "Pound the Rock" What rock ? Jonas barely get's the ball. This is so pathetic. I don't know what's worse....this, our Mayor or Bargnani avg. 20 points with the knicks...
mcclenton::didnt watch the game but why did the rooks get less than 2:00 playing time? up 20 in the 4th quarter and ur starters are logging heavy minutes this early in season. old argument I know but still onpoint
Zac::Anton / Redfox.  You're judging Rose 6 in to a season after missing 18 months?  Patience, Morons.  Stop watching basketball because you are clueless
