Taylor Manes::Aww look at these two teams trying their best to lose so they can get the number one draft pick...lol
Hans Christian Zambales::if you've been paying attention to teams other than the bulls you should know that the suns arent even playing close to tanking.
Barry N McCockiner::Aww look who doesn't know what their talking about.
Barry N McCockiner::They're.
Anthony Thompson::In the past, centers were the team leaders, but now it's all about guard play. When you have two floor leaders and a good coach, you're going to have some success. The surprising part of the Suns has been their depth, but the bench only looks good because we always have a great point guard on the floor to lead them (unless Bledsoe/Dragic are out and it's Ish) I think it has been a real relief to Dragic to share the load, and I would like to see this system continue. I know we all expect a Dragic trade, but I think it would be a mistake. The Morris twins are finally developing with things as they are, and Plumlee/Green are playing beyond expectations as well. I think if we have to choose, Bledsoe is the best option, but we'd have the most success with them both. With things as they are, we are a strong rebounder and an athletic wing away from the second round or beyond, with Bledsoe alone we have to retool the system. I'll tell you who I'm really coveting right now is Anthony Davis; one can only dream...GO SUNS!
Dave Green::That was a good win for the Jazz. This win is a little humble pie for the few Suns fans talking crap on the Jazz yesterday. Good luck the rest of the season Suns fans. We'll even this regular season series up when the Suns come back to Utah.
Tom Totosz::Atta boy Bledsoe. Keep sucking when it counts.  You let your team down today. You're nothing but a cancer. Phoenix was better without him.
Capital D Musiq::Can someone explain to me why Jefferson and Millsap dont play for this team anymore and they go to Hayward... like hes MJ in his prime?
Dave Green::Jefferson and Millsap weren't going to get them far in the playoffs. They went with the young guys to see who steps up and to start rebuilding.
Capital D Musiq::So.... Haywards taking em there?
Dave Green::Capital D Musiq Not right now he isn't. LOL. They are figuring that out with Hayward, Favors, Kanter and others. Favors is a better defender and rebounder than Millsap and Jefferson. The decision to let those guys go was more to make room for Favors and Kanter.
Wyguuy Wtp::Tanking, the Jazz and Milwaukee are just young teams learning to play and its the reality of where they are at.
Devin Baranick::These teams better combine for over 196......Suns at home should put up a decent amount of points.
Devin Baranick::Its only a few bucks, I'm hoping the suns at home can go off. :)
Marcleen Bavogui::really both milwakee and the jazz will win today.. tought those guys were tanking
Wyguuy Wtp::Sir beast, so does Tim Duncan deserve better when chosen by the Spurs when they stunk it up
Thomas McNamara::Did not expect a 9-7 record so far. Did not expect a team that plays this well together. GO SUNS!!!!
Ben Torgersen::As a Jazz fan, I was pretty disappointed we let Hornacek go instead of firing Corbin and promoting him. Still hoping we can steal him back!
Tyler Spell::go trey burke =] that dude is lights out when the game is on the line
Steve Broome::At least the Jazz know Gordon Heyward can't shoot.
Jason Adame::where in the hell did Grajic come from?  He's good.
SirBeast Fiftybuc::soo sad i hope wiggins dont go to the jazz he deserves better
Taylor Manes::I hope the bulls suck so bad and tank like he'll so we can get him
Dave Green::He'd be great on the Jazz.
Ian K-wizzie::What happened to Bledsoe?
Matthew Allocca::Bledsoe playing?
SirBeast Fiftybuc::GREAT WIN HAWKS
Yiorgos Spanias::Great win !!! Go jazz go from athens Greece 6.30 in the morning here but we never miss a Jazz game
