WOSIV::No knock on Westbrooks game but he looks like one of those creatures from The Fifth Element.  I can't look at the guy for more than 2 seconds.  His face is just wierd.
Been banned twice::wolves&gt;mavs
BlakeMoneyball::My top three frustrations with mavs fans' arguments:  1)  They always refer to last year.  It's not last year.  It's not even the same team for the mavs.  You won a championship.  Good job!  but try not to use it as argument that actually pertains to a game in 2012 2)  They argue that the refs' "horrible" foul calling always went against them.  They don't consider the fact that free throws accounted for 75% of their points in the fourth.  Or that the refs decided not to hand West a technical foul, possible ejection, for shoving  Reggie Jackson to the ground with both hands.     3)  The go to argument for the Thunder's impending doom to the Mavs in the playoffs and reason for not caring about the loss (excuses excuses) is that dirk was hurt, kidd was hurt, odom was hurt.  Implying that all of these things will just magically, and most definitely, be different after 40 more games with a starting lineup that is as ancient as the pyramids.
goosu123::Mavs are to old and beaten up. A shortened season was not what they needed. Expect a quick exit in the playoffs.
goosu123::Well, I guess I'm back. Isn't it great that ESPN bans people who are fans and make conversation like me, While trolls are allowed to roam freely? Such bull, but at least ESPN actually let me post with this account again. Perhaps they saw my mini rant on my past account.
E L FUDGE::nets&gt;mavs
TEXAS-BLOOD::lol you can keep your nets cause the best player on that team will be a mav next year :)
Been banned twice::wolves&gt;mavs
TEXAS-BLOOD::And you my friend need to get a life or try this thing out called Pu$sY, cause you are a sad little soul!!!!
JasoninCalabasas::Jason Terry is the only bright spot for this team this season and is the only reason these Mavs games are even close. If he was only putting up 5 to 10 pts a game the Mavs would be blown out every night.  Its a shame his All Star/6th man performances have to overshadowed by such an awful team.
Texasgirl6200::Really Jason?  Have you been watching the games?  lol
sgant22::Cuban complaining REALLY. Mavs jumping into Ibaka and the ref not calling it, that's what their supposed to do-not bail someone out for leaning into the defender-so I BLOCKA was right on every block. I guess he missed the 3 or 4 times Westbrook got fouled but no calls going to basket.  Arent you the owner, well put a better team on the floor because whining doesn't suit you well and nobody cares about the reigning champion crying. GO THUNDER!
Been banned twice::good game dirk
FrankPistachio211::Solid win last night by the Oklahoma City Refs.
ok_sooner82::there is a reason OKC is 17-4 with the best record in the west and league because they know how to win,you can say all you want and talk all the trash you want but at the end of the day they find the way to get the WIN and the WIN is the only thing that matters it's the 1 thing that separates the contenders from the pretenders
BlakeMoneyball::since the regular season is pretty critical in the whole 'getting to the playoffs' scenario, i'd say people do care.
TEXAS-BLOOD::Well not really, just ask the 07 mavs!!!!
BigDtown09::I agree, but you haven't won anything yet.  Playoffs my man, no one cares about what you do in the regular season.
netjunkie88::I guess as long as Dallas shoots 35%, Dirk goes 2 for 15, and Kidd sits out, the Thunder will be able to hang with the Mavericks.
Texasgirl6200::Good one net.  Shouldn't this have been a blowout?    LOL@ Kevin...check your stats again.  Only the second time.  2 games to 1.
_Jay25::Sounds like an excuse dude...
KevinDurantFan56::"Hang"?? this is like the 3rd time OKC beat them lol
T8ke_A_Picture::Did the Mavericks just become the biggest whiner of refs in the NBA, if so I will stay off the boards for the OKC vs Dal games.  SMH dayum shame!
Marc_undalum::How was this a "rally?" OKC was down by 3 at half and after that never trailed. My definition of a rally would be down by 10 with less than a few minutes to go in the 4th...
ShiloInn1985::It's part of an accepted narrative that says the defending champs are supposed to be a tough out at home. Unfortunately for Dallas, other than ESPN parroting cliches, very few West playoff teams are buying into that narrative. Which is why Carlisle, the fans in the arena, and heaps of Dallas fans here are feigning such indignation at how 'badly' they were treated by the refs. They conveniently forget however, how much love they got last year, even in pivotal away games like Game 1 against L.A., and so on. Once you have 'champion' under your name, players and fans have an expectation any home game is a refuge for favorable calls, right or wrong. And it just doesnt work that way.
NotEvenMad::"I didn't mean to kick it into the stands, I meant to kick it to the ref" So he kicks it in the opposite direction with that amount of force? What a moron..
Oppossum Kingdom::If Oklahoma can just remember to rebound, then start their break, they could go    all     the    way.
Dirty-Diaper::Oklahoma won, but I was not impressed with Durant's 7-19 shooting performance.
T8ke_A_Picture::As long as he outscores Dirk, that's all that matters.
TheWalrusnow::how was this game even close? dallas had dirk go 2-15, were not playing with kidd and odom, yet they remained in the game. dont know if this is a good or bad sign for the thunder.
kbballin_5::Because as bad as the Mavs shot, the Thunder also struggled shooting.  The Thunder also have a turnover problem that keeps teams in games.
platachog::Why would you kick the basketball? Seriously.
kcandersonlau::a technical is what he got.  maybe the fan got hit with the ball should sue the Mavs for assault since American loves to sue people left and right.
kbballin_5::Why wouldnt you kick the basketball?  ....
ejhova217::I dont understand how OKC is so high in the power rankings. They have 3 guys who can score. One of them comes off the bench. If you can limit Harden by putting a defensive juggernaut on him OKC cant score more than 85 points.  They have no depth at all. There is no way this team wins a title until they can get some guys that can score 8-10 points every night alongside harden and KD and westbrook.
okstCOWBOYS vs ALIENS::It's pretty obvious you don't know what youre talking about because you've never watched thunder basketball. no depth? get real
kbballin_5::They can have a number of guys score 8-10 points on any given night.  Collison can do it, Ibaka can, Thabo can, Cook can.  They dont rely on any one to consistently do it.  They just have a number of guys that can when their number is called.  When Thabo and Nazr are healthy they have a great rotation with depth.  Losing Maynor hurts but hopefully Reggie Jackson can keep developing.    You may limit Harden in scoring but look at his other numbers, he's good on the boards and getting assists.  He's like the new Manu, he has a role and plays starter mins. but accepts coming off the bench to help the roatation and provide a spark.
chrisfuertes::Maybe because they're 17-4...
ShiloInn1985::When you're athletic, young and have no shortage of aggressive inside offense, complimented with decent jumpshooting and defensive specialists like Ibaka, you get elevated in the power rankings.  OKC may very well get exposed sooner or later. But for now, they're flying by the seat of their pants and looking damn good doing it.
canez309::I don't feel bad for the Mavericks, I feel bad for Seattle!
Texasgirl6200::See post above TJ -- this should have been a blowout for ya'll.  Doesn't say much for the Thunder if you barely beat us with Dirk playing like he's playing and Kidd out, etc.  Your two players are fun to watch though!
TJBRAY07::Why?
Astrohusky::So is Dirk done?  I mean 2-15 are you kidding me?  Win a title then roll over and quit.
Texasgirl6200::There's more to the knee injury.
ejhova217::Dirk came out and said he didnt do anything for awhile because he wasnt motivated. He was basically ok with winning just one ring.
ShiloInn1985::When management and your own coach put you on the DL for 'conditioning' reasons, all the signs are there. Dirk really burned a lot of his filament last year getting his team to a ring. Now, with some key help absent~ he may be overspent and trending down in all categories from here on out.
NBA_refs_are_weak::the dude is flat out not 100%. he looks sluggish and looks like he doesnt have any energy at all. Its been a problem around the league as a whole, but I think after that deep playoff run he had where he really carried dallas and played alot of minutes and took a beating, he NEEDED the offseason to just chill and relax. instead he had to go over and play for germany. Its great to have some national pride and I know he wants them to succeed, but for his NBA career purposes it was a horrible idea to go over there
pm_tex::Gosh dang it just one game geez.
Meet Pope Tebow::meh, its just one game, though i dont think hes winning any more titles
Meet Pope Tebow::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6emWN2tEPMk  they should play this before golden state games
Ramsfan_ozzy::I hate the NBA but I can tell as an outsider just from watching espn that blake griffin must be the greatest of all time. the guy can like fly and dunk and stuff. did you see his layup the other night? I as a normal espn watcher cannot get enough of griffin. someone tell espn that 30 mins of blake griffin is not enough. we need more. #sarcasm
chrisfuertes::I agree.  Blake could easily be the next Vince Carter or Shawn Kemp.  Guys with amazing physical skills but they don't last forever.
kbballin_5::Thats how I see him right now.  Unless he develops a true post game and mid-range jumper, all he is going to be is a dunker.  He also needs to work on his defense.
NBA_refs_are_weak::I like him and I hope he has a healthy career, but everytime I see the dude take off I keep expecting for someone to take his legs out from underneath. I honestly think hes going to end up taking a HARD spill sooner or later just b/c of how wrecklessly he dunks. its one thing for dwight to get alley oops underneat the rim, but blake's athleticism lets him take off from like 10 ft away and thats a hell of a lot of momentum thats going to slam to the ground one day
LoSpring::Not yet, Dude does have serious hops
Meet Pope Tebow::Yeah im just high and thought we were talking about Dirk, blake belongs nowhere
LoSpring::whoa.....lets calm down. There's been many great dunkers in the NBA. Hope ur j/k
LoSpring::Agree, just seems everybody is ready to throw him the HOF already. He's got talent, but I've seen talent fade fast b4.
Meet Pope Tebow::he definitely belongs in the hall, even if he retired today
Meet Pope Tebow::That dunk was a pushoff, and i dont like Blake getting superstar calls already in his sophomore year
Slim_Greaser_310::spammers took over my board so im joining this one,
Meet Pope Tebow::its not very active
Slim_Greaser_310::i can tell lol
scopatti::Is it me, or does Rick Carlisle look like Jim Carey?
Matthew Borba::It's funny how last year when the mavs beat the Thunder a couple times in the regular season all the mavs fans were talking about how Thunder will never compete with them, now the Thunder have turned the tables and mavs fans are trying to down play the regular season like it doesn't mean anything. Nice try. I hope saying OKC doesn't scare you when playoffs roll around helps you sleep at night, because when you wake up OKC will still be the better team.
netjunkie88::1-4 when it counts does not equal the better team.
LoSpring::I'm really not expecting to repeat.....Seems like all the vet teams are laying low. Think I've seen this before.
chrisfuertes::They lost 2 key pieces (chandler and barrea) and replaced them with inferior (relative to what they lost) talent. They aren't as good this year, so they won't repeat.  I don't think it's anymore complicated then that.
Meet Pope Tebow::Yeah but i think you need to make some moves before you can contend, or Lamar needs to become the player he was last year. And even then still i think you lost too many pivotal pieces in the off season
LoSpring::It's also funny how nobody had the Mavs winning it all last year but they did. Oh, and when I woke up this morning.....we were still the Champs. Chump.
noname420::Only reason Dallas got there last year is because of Chandler.  And you didn't blow the Thunder last year.  All were close games.  There is better late game play calling and execution this year.
chrisfuertes::The difference is no Tyson Chandler this year.  Dallas is back to what they were before last season.  A good team, but not a great team.
LoSpring::Difference is coach. Brown was on his way out and Carlisle is on his up.
Meet Pope Tebow::Mavs got hot in the playoffs last year, still dont think theyre championship material this year, theyre like the 04 pistons....
Meet Pope Tebow::OKC is leaps and bounds better than dallas, cant wait till March fifteenth for Thunder-Nuggets in Denver
AZwildcatz4life::rick carlisle kicked the ball and drilled someone in the face ahahaha
Chargers_4_Sale::Madvericks lose once again!
zosoMC::Wade dunking on Perkins&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Griffin dunking on Perkins.
Way Klaro::Champs &gt; Wanabes
amaresunsforever::10 blocks. where wax he when blake griffin was posterizing his boy perkins last night?
brob715::You must have missed Ibaka's BLOCK on a Blake dunk attempt last year. www.youtube.com/watch?v=AAlWprWwAN8
amaresunsforever::right?  didnt want to be victim number two
AnD73W::at least perk was man enough to stand in and try and play some D unlike utah who is just running scared tonight
Mavsontheroad41::running away
Way Klaro::OKC good game vs Mavs bad game = OKC Win  OKC good game vs Mavs good game = Mavs Win!
podirk::if you think this was a good game by OKC your are badly mistaken.
Matthew Borba::hmm so what you're saying is that mavs have played 2 bad games against OKC this season already? that's not good news, looks like OKC is the better team if they're forcing the mavs to have bad games when they play each other.
falseprophet2012::Looks like the Dallas Grandpas came up short
netjunkie88::Looks like you're the only one who likes that comment.
tigerDB12MA::Kwame &gt;Kendrick
LoSpring::Didn't know they claimed Minny's rings.
LoSpring::That's lame, don't claim Seattle's ring. That's theirs, earn your own.
Meet Pope Tebow::Does that mean the lakers should only claim to have 11 titles or however many they won in LA...
AnD73W::17-4&gt;14-9
HurricaneHamlin::30 years. So what, we've at least got one.
Matthew Borba::Unless you count the Sonics then, it's 1 ring to 1 ring, so pick and choose which one you're comparing it to.
Matthew Borba::Only took that franchise 40+ years to get it, OKC is contending in year 4 already.
HurricaneHamlin::One ring &gt; no rings
LoSpring::Love it. You guys think this W meant something. See you in the playoffs FOOLS! Go Mavs! *fan since '85, which is waaaaay longer since any of you OKC mf'rs knew what basketball was.
MikeGudd20::^ Haha sorry did I hurt your feelings?  Obviously I hit some nerve there.  And if you don't know what butthurt or dolt means look it up online, not that hard.  You must not be too bright if you didn't understand my comment in the first place...
LoSpring::MikeGudd20= my great uncle's herpe infested rectum. I'm sure that made more sense then your remark.
MikeGudd20::LoSpring= butthurt dolt
LoSpring::I hear ya....but he's just a pawn in a chess game. And this is Carlisle's chess game. This team was almost written off at the start of the season. We'll fight
Mavsontheroad41::i hope so. and i really dont like odom. he's so pitiful. he almost brings that soft label back to mavs that we fought so hard to get rid of
LoSpring::You gotta trust in Rick. We might not win it all but we're gonna go out fight'n
LoSpring::Not at all. You guys think since you finally got a pro sport in your state, you know all bout it. You'll see.
AnD73W::seems like you have changed your tone a little... 20 mintues ago the mavs could wait to beat the thunder in the playoffs and okc people were ignorant "mfers"
LoSpring::We would be 2-1 if it wasn't  for KG 3 at the buzzer. No KIdd, Haywood &amp; Odom. And trust me, I hate to throw Odom's name in there, but that's at least a body to throw in the game. This a crazy season and with a ton of injuries......I'd take any half-decent 6'10 guy with rings filling in a little.
Mavsontheroad41::I love the mavs.. but this team is not gonna cut it. its bad. its a 2003 allstar team
AnD73W::I guess your assurance that the mavs will beat the thunder in the playoffs is based on last year. But if the playoffs happen the same way every year the mavs would have never beat the lakers (defending champs at the time) and the celtics would still be rolling through the east
TJBRAY07::Since '85?  And you still talk like you're 16 years old.  Glad to see that you've grown up.
TJBRAY07::You're right.  I wasn't born until '88.
BlakeMoneyball::So it took you 26 years of fanhood to get a championship.  When we get one in 4 how will that long distinguished period of moving to/being born in dallas feel?
LoSpring::Durant.....that's it? My bad.
AnD73W::and durant was in seattle for 1 year
AnD73W::the carry over on this team from seattle is collison and durant that is it. everyone else was either drafted traded for or signed buy the thunder.
LoSpring::I'll say it's a shame that Seattle got robbed like that.
Been banned twice::wolves&gt;mavs
Been banned twice::good game dirk
TJBRAY07::Since when did Oklahoma become a basketball state? OKC...Blake Griffin. Damn.
tigerDB12MA::Perkins finally has a reason to be Angry Man....
Way Klaro::Kendrick Perkins got night mares last night!
amaresunsforever::hehe
Way Klaro::I'm not from england amigo. Hablar espanol?
AnD73W::i believe you were looking for HAD nightmares last night....i know english can be hard for you texans
Way Klaro::OKC good game vs Mavs bad game = OKC Win OKC good game vs Mavs good game = Mavs Win!
tigerDB12MA::This doesn't change anything. Kendrick Perkins will NEVER be the same...
Way Klaro::Mahinmi &gt;&gt;&gt; Perkins
chrisfuertes::True, but look what happened to the Celtics once he left.  He provides a great defensive presence.
tigerDB12MA::No Kevin Durant is why genius
AnD73W::is this why OKC is 35-9 since trading for perkins?
tigerDB12MA::Mozgov &gt; Perkins
BlakeMoneyball::How so?  He brings opposing big men down to size.  Held Dwight howard and greg monroe to season lows.  Wish he scored more....sure....but he didn't play basketball for almost a year and spent the whole off season losing 35 lbs.  Give him an off season working on his game and THEN make conclusions..
tigerDB12MA::Hahahahaha You sir, provide horrible backup for weak arguments. Dwight said "he has improved and made progress"...meaning he was a complete tomato can before and now he is at least decent. Perkins is a bum and his career will never be the same now. Blake Griffin just repealed all the "progress" he had made Hahahahaha
BlakeMoneyball::http://hoopsblog.projo.com/2009/11/orlandos-dwight.html#.Tyocn2DlCn8  read it yourself
tigerDB12MA::Hahahaha yeah right Hahahahaha....and way to edit your horrible nonsense after the fact
BlakeMoneyball::you sir, make generic statements with no basis or stats to back them up.
tigerDB12MA::You sir, don't know anything about basketball
AnD73W::you sir, have no clue what your talking about
tigerDB12MA::Hahaha No he does not. Perkins is a bum and has been getting dominated by every decent big for years.   Blake Griffin just put him out of his misery....
CandySparker::Serge Ibaka reminds me of Sergey Bubka.
Lamar5255::Hahaha, Dirk is obviously content with his championship!
The_West_Coast_Bias::Dirk just suits up for the game check now...
BlakeMoneyball::and  a double meat cheeseburger
THUNDER4LIFERW00::Good Bye fellow Thunder fans! Im out.
Way Klaro::Steve Francis = Russell Westbrooke
Way Klaro::Westbrick i mean
AnD73W::way off and you spelled his name wrong
nraudigy2::OKC doesn't scare me at all. Dirk is not even healthy. Kidd and Odom sux right now. Mavs were terrible without Dirk last year. They are doing ok w/o him.
Way Klaro::Old Kidd &gt;&gt;&gt; Westbrook anytime
BlakeMoneyball::You're an joke.  Kidd will be 39 years old by the time the playoffs start.
Way Klaro::If Kidd is in your team and Westbrook out, you will win championships easy!
BlakeMoneyball::Yeah being a 2x point champion, 2x all star, and mvp candidate is all proof of that statement Klaro
Way Klaro::Durant can't play if your popint guard won't give the dammm ball. Lol!
The_West_Coast_Bias::LOL "kidd and Odom sux right now" they are way too old, will suc-k the entire season, deal with it...
BlakeMoneyball::and durant could play a lot better than he did tonight.  stop making arguments i could make for the Thunder.
BlakeMoneyball::since Kidd and Odom not sucking in the future is a certainty....
AnD73W::WERE good players now they are OLD balls
kbballin_5::"could" play a lot better.   Not a guarantee.
jairushawkins::They are good players.
nraudigy2::They could play alot better
Oxfordian Theory::Westbrook is taking over this team.  At the end of the game I saw Durant calling for Westbrook to swing the ball over to his side of the floor and Westbrook just ignored him and pulled up for a three.
Way Klaro::If he missed that 3 no thunder fans are here!
