joah5454::You know your team sucks when Marcin Gortat is your leading scorer.
WashFlokie::wish Kate Upton would come to more Thunder games... Ha
Mods h8 Winterfresh98::I respect the Suns squad to talk crap but after reading some of the Sun's fans comments, I didnt realize how much of d.bags you guys were.  I thought that was for Dallas fans.  But whatever, great to see Nash still has it and Gortat was a monster lastnight.  Thunder home record is the same as the Suns overall win record.
Tmac1912::Nash needs to average 11.8 assists per game to make 10000 this year. can he do it?
cellus24::Kevin durant last night on espn talking about the win and having the best record in the west. i think this is their year for real http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IWAKQCdGY3o&amp;feature=g-all-u&amp;context=G2597491FAAAAAAAABAA
dcreery15::wat ppl don't get about knicks is that the problem is ther defense, lin shump walker jeffries and chandler is way better then lin fields carmelo stat and  chandler  more on that here http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
The Honey Badger::what does this have to do with the thunder/suns game?
sgant22::THUNDER UP! Haters gonna hate.
hawaiianhonky::So now the thunder have shown they can win with only 5 players scoring in a game...............NBA Finals here comes OKC
Jaywashing::goddamn
LSD_hookem::I became a thunder fan when they moved to Okc- was a tepid Mavs fan but never really liked the org or the Dallas fans- to proud to be loud. Okc went nuts for the thunder- Not matter the number of losses. I feel bad for a city losing their team-shoot we hate to give hornets back to NO after Katrina! The fact that many of these fans were not sonic fans is irrelevant. We back our team, we are nUTS for our team! Thunder STORM
TheWalrusnow::this is a strange thunder team. i dont know any other team outside of the heat that can have 3 players put up 30 on a night, but the crazy thing no other team can then have a fourth player put up 18 pts and 20 rebounds that same night. the thunder better win a title soon, bc they arent going to be able to afford ibaka, and harden as both could possibly be looking at signing huge deals.
alicia2785::Why is Durant in the running for MVP when it clear that Westbrook and Harden plays just as well or better than him. They are also high scorer too. I would take Westbrook for MVP over Durant. Durant is just an average NBA player who is overrated. Durant tries to be like Kobe. Durant is not leading his team to these victories. Ibaka, Westbrook and Harden are the true leaders. Give those guys their credit.
soonerbuzzy::You say this after Westbrook Harden and Ibaka have the game of their lives. Westbrook has score more points than this but overall this was his best game assists points and turnover wise. Durant is this good every night. I agree Harden Ibaka and Westbrook don't get enough credit. They are awesome players. But lets not kid ourselves Durant is this big EVERY night. When these guys don't always score 30 points 20 rebounds and the like.
LyndonPatton::Dude, step away from the crack pipe.
tennesseejam80::bc Durant shoots alot better percentage... he is 2nd in the running.. Rose is 3rd... Lebron is by far number 1.... His performance outweighs both of them by a mile this year
WashFlokie::31-8!!
soonerbuzzy::Grizzlies are a good match up against the Thunder. The Grizzly bigs gives us some trouble. I hope we don't meet in the playoffs lol OKC is better but the grizzlies haven't gotten worse I guarantee that. That series last year with you guys worried me. Congratulations to the Thunder on an awesome year so far! Keep it going!
tennesseejam80::congrats!  yall playing great.. i hope our grizzlies can make it to yall again in the playoffs... last year was fun, but yall have improved a bunch since last year... so it would be a tough challenge for us
Saleh181::Russel Westbrook and Kevin Durant were drafted by Seattle...... That's all i want to say
CtheB::Actually,. Westbrook and Durant were drafted by the owners of the team, not the city of Seattle, and the owners of the team moved it to Oklahoma CIty because it was a better deal for them.
The Honey Badger::westbrook never stepped foot in seatlle dude.
cowboyinorange87::well the fans in seattle should have supported the team more... if your fans would have gone to games you would still have the once upon a time supersonics. so we bought them and its the OKC THUNDER now so eat your heart out i have no sympathy for you.. you have been nothing but $@%!$@ to oklahoma fans and for nothing its not like the people bought the team and moved them here
okstCOWBOYS vs ALIENS::Think of how many Oklahoma people you are making happy though.  Doesn't that make you feel better?
WashFlokie::terrible vibe going between okc and seattle, only worsened by the fact the team is doing so well and fun to watch. id hate it too if i still had a heart for Seattle, but i dont
WashFlokie::understood
WashFlokie::Miami probably tho
WashFlokie::that would be nice!
Saleh181::How bout PM with the Seahawks you excited for that or you think its a long shot.
WashFlokie::born n raised in Renton, Wa    get over it , it happened.  Sonics moved. hopefully they'll be back
Saleh181::I appreciate that but until one comes back, I got to rep for the city.
WashFlokie::russ was drafted here, never played in seattle
Mods h8 Winterfresh98::Russ was drafted  1 year after Durant when Seattle was still intact.  But its people like Saleh181 that like to blame OKC fans and the state of OK for "stealing" their team when in fact the owner has every right to do whatever he/she wants with their own team.  Seattle fans didn't patronize the team and the owner lost revenue.  Ever since coming to OKC, they have increased sales by 100% and are selling out the arena each home game.    Only original Supersonic player left is Durant and Collison.
Saleh181::Ya but he was drafted in Seattle, the two players that your known for were drafted in the original city. you can say OKC all you want its pronounced supersonics.
williamebonybrick::Does OKC ever play any road games? lol
Drummin003::I hate to break it to you but OKC played the most road games before the All-Star break.
CanadianFan2005::Brooks speech in the dressing room after the first half: "Hey guys we are getting embarrassed by a 38 years old PG, he got 13 assist already if we continue playing like this he will have 20 assists by the end of the game, and tomorrow headlines will read: "Oklahoma young guns embarrassed by an old point guard"..... we can not let that happen, so since we can not stop him, for now on every time Nash passes the ball to a player for an easy basket FOUL!! that player... no matter how good that player is shooting free throws, because there is a better chance he will miss a free throw than missing an easy lay up from Nash assist".  He was right the Suns missed 9 free throws (shot 2 more free throws than the Thunder) and lost the game.
tennesseejam80::no he was just explaining how to play the Suns
RollThunder35::I can't tell if your trash in the thunder or not?
gudda5gaines::wat up wiy durant he has been struggling since philly? 10-27 that aint durant number wat happend wit 15 for 25
ettiesgirl::Too much all star crap. The team has looked really tired since all that went down.
gudda5gaines::but last 3 games been slumpish 76ers atl atleast he got 30 tonite but im sure he gonna bounce back
CanadianFan2005::Durant always has bad shooting nights against Grant Hill defense.... look up the stats on past games between them.
CanadianFan2005::Oklahoma defense on the second half was to foul anybody who got an easy basket by Nash.... result the Suns ended up shooting 2 more free throws than the Thunder.... and it work because they ended up missing 9 free throws..... No wonder Nash ended up with 0 assists in the second half.
jordantech10::OKC is the best team in the NBA right now we dont have to spend tons of money to get good players. All of OKC's players play with each other which makes them good! They all know there role on the team and they all contribute when needed. OKC has built a team from scratch and is now a Elite force and will be for years to come. Anyone who says different is just mad that OKC beat there team! OKC is the best team in the NBA and KD for MVP! Any one who thinks different can wait till playoff time and watch there team lose as OKC goes and get a Ring! Thunder Up!
TheWalrusnow::wow that is terrible commentary. the thunder did make themselves into an elite team from the draft but they are going to have trouble keeping this group together once ibaka and harden come off their rookie contracts and are looking for big bucks, which some team will give them. okc is easily the best team in the west, but will struggle against complete teams in the east like the bulls and heat, who can both play and dominated on both sides of the court, unlike the thunder which rely heavily on their offense and have suspect defense.  as for mvp, lebron james is far and away the mvp, and durant over the last month has not even been the mvp of his own team, westbrook has.
Saleh181::You mean the Seattle Supersonics, ya they are the best team in the league.
tennesseejam80::Lebron is by far the MVP hands down.. Durant is in the distant 2nd place and Westbrook may be around 4th
jruss1427::man ur outa ur fuking mind! first of all they just gave Durant and Westbrook 160 mil! ya thats not alot of money is it/Lmao! second of all ton was a prime example of why they arent even in the top 3 teams in the NBA! they dont play defense and they only have 2 real scorers! ya Harden scored 30 tonite but thats not often and i know he averg about 16 a gm so ill give u 2 1/2 scorers but thats all! only 5 guys scored a point ton and you can say oh thats cause three guys went for 30 but its because noone else can score man! I GUARENTEE you OKC will NOT win it this yr! They are a very good but young team and wen they learn how to play D and play off of eachother they will b GREAT! Oh ya and you have to tell your point guard he shouldnt be shooting more than Durant!
jordantech10::Westbrook has his games but KD will always put up close to 30 and Ice Cold get out of here with that crap!
Rolltide4203::westbrook for mvp if u ask me
Ice_Cold_13356::ur right durant just acts like a god damn $@%!$ and the refs feel sorry for his monkey $@%
jordantech10::In the NBA
FavreisGod18::They are the best team in the West.
Charlie Bailey Gates::I have a sudden urge to watch Thunderball
lo0o0ong::Suns lost, but Steve Nash is still a magician with the ball even at his age.
tennesseejam80::I would like to see Nash play with Howard
AndySportsB::THUNDERup!
WashFlokie::Fan of both teams, fun game to go to.
golamb::Well, it's been fun both trolling and talking to a few of you here. Until next time, folks.
MKDEVI::17-1 at the Thunder Dome. Loud City!
berr3555::when are they gonna be done with renovations, and how long before they will need to replace it?
MKDEVI::Yes
machine260292::wow. 3 players with 30 and another with 20 rebs. Wonder if that's been done before???
jruss1427::ya but thats not a good thing in this teams situation! they dont have enough guys to score! you will see when you play a playoff team 7 times in 10 days in the playoffs!
_CelticThunder_350_::OKC had a 50-point scorer, a 40-point scorer, and a triple double all in the same game earlier this year.
DanielFury::Holla at you thunder and suns later. Suns need to win next game tomorrow. we need to do the same to Orlando.   -Bulls fan PS: Orlando got bust by Charlotte. Who does that?
golamb::Washington on LA. Tonight, in fact.   Further proof that on any given night, no one is safe.
_CelticThunder_350_::Do both Charlotte fans still post here?
DanielFury::Only lucklily found 1 Charlotte fan. He was sad as hell. Zzzzz
Thunderjunky86::ok guys Im outta here going to hang with my girl for awhile. THUNDER UP !!!!!!!!!
Kevinbell1970::All these other teams fans hate on OKC because their all worried which is good that's what we want so keep on hating while OKC keeps on winning
Paul06837::I think if anyone outside of Seattle hates us it is a sign that things are headed in the right direction!
golamb::Seriously? Fans of other teams hate every other team equally. OKC is nothing special in that regard.
golamb::Meh. I'm equal opportunity with maybe a slight bit extra to when we play the Lakers of San Antonio. Anyone else gets treated with mutual disdain.
_CelticThunder_350_::Obviously, you haven't heard of the Hater Postulate: "The number of haters for a certain team/player is directly proportional to that team/player's success".  So OKC would have way more haters than Charlotte.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::Thunder protect Home Court, if we get home court through out we will be set up. Glad our teams is league best at home, when you come to Loud City to play we rock you out of your  bball sneakers. I have been to games at Dallas, Orlando, L.A., Portland and they are only half as loud. Teams that know they can count on their fans to scream and be loud on Will play better and harder D and just play better all the way around. Proud to be a fan of OKC, hate all you want be they are the most promising team in the NBA now and will be for years. Feel with it and stop crying little babies.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::The one that try's and call some one out for being a bandwagon fan, just shows to us they are the bandwagon jumper. Oh well he just mace his team blows and has to lash our at other teams fans to make him self feel like a man. Kinda like those guys that hit women you know. To all the Thunder fans from 27 years ago to 2years ago glad to have you and sir back and enjoy the best Franchise in the NBA!  and no it not just about the wins either. Thunder Up haters lmao.
Agent00Spliff::I was a Sonics fan and stuck with them through the transition. $@%! outta here with that bandwagon talk
u2dy::A lot of OKC fans were thunder-crazed when they won 23 games. So...yeah.
OUALUM89::He can't.  He is obviously a dude from Washington who still hates us for "stealing" his team.
u2dy::Seriously. I watched almost every game that year. I remember being glad to see EARL WATSON check in for Russ (rookie growing pains).   Get your bandwagon shi* out of here.
NikeVibe::Glad to hear the bandwagon is loaded up this year. Cute paragraph you wrote here.
DanielFury::that does not make sense at all. make another legit sentence again please.
Paul06837::you were/? I have been and i dont remeber you.
DanielFury::I'm pretty sure that in 2007 when the thunder was miserable, this Sportscenter app was not made.
NikeVibe::No, not really, I'm just annoyed that these fans weren't on these boards when their teams were miserable; tanking for draft position. And now that they are suddenly atop the West they come out in full force.
DanielFury::you jelly of the fanbase?  At least they are not the heat that brings players through FA. They make their own.  -Bulls fan.
_CelticThunder_350_::Most of started rooting for OKC from when they moved to Oklahoma, we practically hopped on a bandwagon even though there was none. And this was a team that lost 59 games and the support we gave them was incredible.
2011OSUfan117::Best in the WEST!!!
DanielFury::All 3 30 point scorers for thunder did better than Kobe. 9-31 for 30 points vs the wizards....
golamb::Bryant is little more than a one man show most nights. Seeing this many FGs isn't the least bit surprising.
golamb::Agreed. I think that might be the first time tonight. LOL
DanielFury::lol. I would rather be part of the colts than being a teammate of Kobe.
vinhstuh::I'm not hating on the Thunder, I'm just saying they won't be able to win a championship with 3 guys that can score, and with a dude that can block shots and grab rebounds. I wouldn't count on Westbrook being this efficient on a nightly basis, or Harden being this consistently efficient either. With that said, the Thunder sure do look like the team to beat in the West lol.
Rolltide4203::westbrook is not inconsistent.. every player has off shooting nights but westbrook hasnt had many at all this year.. the thunder have 2 of the top 5 scorers in the nba.. both shooting very very well from the field.. I think westbrook may be better than durant in all seriousness
u2dy::Harden is better than you think.   Russ does more for the Thunder than you think, even when he's "inconsistent."   OKC is just fine; you just don't watch them enough to know.
Thunderjunky86::yeah don't listen to barkely
Qzhoopin72::Durant was the least efficient of the OKC Big 3 tonight, but it's always Westbrook that everybody doubts. Look at the guy's stats from year-to-year and you'll see that he's improving each year. Too much Skip Bayless kool-aid drinking still going on!!
Paul06837::I agree Russ was awesome tonight . But KD should have called 911 cause he has been getting mugged the last few games. Did Cuban make some calls?
tonyssoprano::I would take Durant,Westbrook,Harden and Ibaka getting 18 up against anyone in the NBA....
Thunderjunky86::I don't mean to be rude but do you watch thunder basketball? all those players you mentioned are this consistent every night. thats why harden is front runner for sixth man of the year award and IBAKA is front runner fr most improved defensive player and in the talks for defensive player of the year.
DanielFury::Of course you're confused. you're the hater of the night anyways. go to sleep troll.
NikeVibe::I don't understand what you're trying to say.  So..yes?  -Confused.
golamb::If they are sharing and WINNING, an individual's points become irrelevant. Remember, this is a TEAM sport.
DanielFury::everyone chunks up bricks. wow. everyone gotta be a ball hog to actually be a superstar? you want players to score 12 points sharing the ball every game?  -Bulls fan.
NikeVibe::Westbrook is definitely not this efficient night in and night out. Don't even say that crap. Some nights he can be a ball hog, some nights he's brilliant, some nights he actually plays PG, some nights he chunks up bricks. Inconsistent.
golamb::There's NO WAY he gets DPOY from Howard. NONE.
Paul06837::yeah, cause all teams in contention habe more than 3 guys that can score and you have clearly been listening to Barkley. Which is a mistake, just ask his wife!
jc_sooner::huh?
Thunderjunky86::I say why not this year? the thunder can do it. the heat are not GODS. there not even guaranteed to make it to the finals just like the thunder. But I say why not? this year is just as good as any for the thunder to win it all.
Kevinbell1970::Way to go OKC
sykog::Wow, Harden had 30 points on 12 field goal attempts. That's crazy
DanielFury::Better than Kobrick. 9-31 for 30 points. lmfao wowowoowwoowow.
_CelticThunder_350_::Other 4 guys on the court for the Lakers: "Pass!" Kobe: "Nah, I'm good."
DanielFury::vs the wizards. lol
Goon-::The Thunder look like a lock to come out of the West. I don't see a team that can match up with them. They just send Durant/West/Harden on an endless parade to the line and they all shoot well from there.
_CelticThunder_350_::It's a question of "when", and  "how many".
Thunderjunky86::future? YES!!!!!! this year who knows.
DanielFury::Future champions?
golamb::I doubt it. The playoffs, as we all know, are a marathon and not a sprint.
Rastlis::ThunderUp
famousfoot1000::hope none of the big 3 get hurt, there good but ZERO depth
u2dy::They're a team with 4 potential all-stars + a lot of good role players after that.   Is that any different from any other team in the league? Their depth is okay, keeping in mind that 2 of their best guards (Sefolosha and Maynor) are injured.   The Maynor injury is particularly unsettling. Maynor is very good.
Thunderjunky86::my point I'm guessing I'm trying to make is. We had 3 guys score more then 30 points we had one guy get 18 points and 21 rebounds. the suns wanna say they play great defense but if you just looked at the #s they played horrible defense. they got out rebounded out blocked and completely outscored. I would not take ONE player from the suns roster to replace even ONE player on the thunder.
Rolltide4203::are u being funny? hamilton brewer and watson? lol. deng is not a one on one player.. and not even in the same league as any of the thunders 3.. when u have 2 of the top 5 scorers in the nba u dont need that much else..
u2dy::KD, Russ, and Harden are better scorers than every one of those players. Holy cow.
u2dy::Thunder can play defense. They just don't have to until the last few minutes.   Their strategy, in stead, is to out-athlete the other team until they have to buckle-down defensively. They take it at the other guys; and they always have more gas left in the tank at the end. It works for them. 31-8 isn't an accident.   Can you think of a team with 3 better 1-on-1 scorers than Russ, KD, and Harden? Heat, maybe. That's it. The rest of the guys do fine at what they do. 3 scorers is enough.
u2dy::And you don't know anything if you don't think Chicago's GM would trade any one of those guys in a heartbeat for James Harden.
NikeVibe::Silly thunder "fans" know nothing about anything other then their beloved team.
_CelticThunder_350_::Brewer and Watson?
DanielFury::Deng, Watson, Halmiton, Brewer? you forget?
_CelticThunder_350_::Chicago has Rose, and that's it. OK, Maybe Deng.
u2dy::No. Not even close.
DanielFury::Bulls?
tonyssoprano::They won 2 Playoff series last year....So yes I think they got it figuired out...
u2dy::Yeah, because you HAVE to do that to win a game? c'mon.
vinhstuh::So you think Harden/Durant/Westbrook can combine for 90+ points 20+ assists a game in a 7 game series against a team like the spurs/heat/bulls/lakers?
t-roy_jenkins::id take gortat over perkins and anyone over cook....
_CelticThunder_350_::Honestly, I'd take Gortat over Perkins.
JSwizzle66::yes
vinhstuh::think the Thunder can win a 7 game series with only 4 guys that can score and play little defense?
SoonersTheDestroyers::actually they had 2 rounds of 7 game series ... then a series of 6 games.  Lost out to the Mavericks.  Where were you last year by the way?
DanielFury::rockets need a good center or a SF. aaron brooks a FA?
vinhstuh::The Rockets, my post was a post as a fan of the game, not as a fan of the Rockets. My Rockets are currently miserable and need to make up their mind about trading Lowry/Martin/Scola.
tonyssoprano::Who is your team Troll? They have the Best record in the West.If your not a Chicago fan you really cant talk.And they Play defense when it Matters.Thats why they are 31-8
vinhstuh::gtfo bandwagon fan
Thunderjunky86::yes they did MEMPHIS and another team first round i thought it was the blazer or something
vinhstuh::Really? The Thunder had 2 rounds of 7 game series? Nope.
Thunderjunky86::yes. like one guy here said " there is something scary about having 4 guys score and you still can't stop them"
_CelticThunder_350_::They won 2 last year..........
JSwizzle66::Skip Bayless tweeted something positive about Westbrook!!!!
_CelticThunder_350_::You're kidding.
Thunderjunky86::wow rare lol
TomBradys1::Westbrick sucks
PhxSunsOwn13::God Gortat is a monster
Thunderjunky86::I think we play better this way anyways rotating off the bench
Thunderjunky86::we do sefalosha
golamb::If anyone would be foolish enough to take on Frye and Childress, we'd have one.
golamb::Precisely.
DanielFury::fail.......
golamb::As I said, if we were able to jettison those boat anchors onto another team for a meaningful player, we would have done so. What's holding us back is the collection of nimrods in the front office who have the collective sense of a half eaten can of stale tuna.
DanielFury::I meant a real SF, a athletic one like Rudy Gay, Danny Granger, or Carmelo Anthony(not selfish).
Thunderjunky86::we do he is injured
DanielFury::he's a stud. you guys need a solid SF.
PhxSunsOwn13::yep
Thunderjunky86::and ugly too lol
tonyssoprano::Great Comeback Thunder and Great game Westbrook ! ! !
KiD_Clutch_in_OKC::PHX=Lebron  Good for 3, chokes in the 4th.
Goon-::The Thunder got all but 6 of their points from 4 players. And only 5 of the 11 players they used scored. Bizarre statline.
BoomerSooner2844::31-8...
Goon-::That's pretty scary when you know where all their scoring is coming from and you still can not stop them.
Thunderjunky86::that is very true
AndrewOKC::agree to agree
_CelticThunder_350_::It's because all of our other players are defenders and role players, not scorers.
Thunderjunky86::thunder = WIN
AndrewOKC::and all 4 of those players are 23 or younger
tells...it...like...it...is::Dear Mr. Presti, Please make a trade for Mike Miller from Miami. Instant offense, good passer and rebounder, great citizen, can play three positions.
Agent00Spliff::We have a solid backup PG he's just injured atm. What we need is a someone who can come off of the bench and be an offensive threat with Harden, preferably a center so we can mix it up.
u2dy::This team is set. A backup veteran point-guard (that can be attained without giving away anything except picks and/or maybe Nazr): that's the only trade that makes sense.
KiD_Clutch_in_OKC::Instant offense?  we had 3 guys 30+ points tonight.  we need a solid backup PG.
vinhstuh::OKC = tryhards
tonyssoprano::Shut Up Fool
Thunderjunky86::i think he plays video games making that reference
Lavableman::Call of Duty insults do not work in basketball, bud.
Thunderjunky86::why because they like to win? yeah good one there buddy lol
tonyssoprano::Last year Denver and Memphis Fool come back when you find something else to complain about...31-8 Best in the West they have proved they know how to win... who is your team?
vinhstuh::come back at me when the Thunder do something in the post-season. Try winning a 7 game series with 3 players and no defense. Sure, Ibaka can block shots but he is an average post defender.
Matthew Borba::lol, what does that even mean? They try hard to win?
bakersfield3031::what happened to nash he started so strong and ended with only 13 dimes?
golamb::He's old and tired, not to mention no one could hit anything when it began to matter.
golamb::I sure as hell hope so.
DanielFury::I think you guys can contend beat the Phillies.
DanielFury::They starting rotation for D-backs are helluva good. Probably a #2 seed for playoffs. Idgaf what the white sox do but I want the cubs to do better.
golamb::True. Look it up.
DanielFury::LOL wtf?
golamb::Yeah, at least we were able to get one $@%!$@ owner out of town. Problem is, that same $@%!$@ bought my Padres and has now begun wrecking them.
DanielFury::wow. Don't worry. You got the D-Backs.
golamb::Not happening even if it's the best thing to do. The owner is an idiot just in case you haven't noticed.
DanielFury::Trade him. for something or the same results will happen from year to year.
Thunderjunky86::yeah 18 points 21 rebounds lol did awesome tonight
bakersfield3031::i got ibaka for fantasy what a monster night
Thunderjunky86::NO GAS!!!!! unlike westbrook who ran all over him in the 4rth
Goon-::Westbrook is playing as well as any player in the league right now.
