timh651::Ricky Rubio Tears ACL - How Will They Move On? - http://www.WolveSwag.com
pistonfanstill::For all the talk speculating where Dwight Howard is going the fact is that now Kevin Love is the best PF-C in the NBA.  That may change next week but I dont see how barring an injury.  Team owners need to learn not to throw big money at stat hounds who whine about getting traded.  While 'the decision' was being made Durant may have already been better than James for a team with a future now Kevin Love is the best power player in the NBA for so many reasons.  3's, FTs, rebounds. scores has bulk and can move.
antonio lopez gomez::Siento tener que decir al Mundo que la Lesion de Ricky Rubio confirma que Dios no existe... No te puedes disfrazar un dia de jugador de baloncesto y al dia siguiente dejarle en la palestra... Saludos y mucho animo!
Leap_JRH::There will be no trade. There is no point in trading away valuable assets that we will need for many years in exchange to salvage an 8th seed this year. Get it through your heads - the playoffs ain't happening, and that's okay. The team made great progress this season. Ricky will come back and we'll try again.
eazyt_971::Only 3 small market teams have ever won an NBA title. Milwaukee, Portland and San Antonio. And only one since David Stern became commish. Maybe things will change once David Stern leaves.
eazyt_971::Lets be honest here for a minute. Rick Adelman had much better teams in Portland and Sacramento and couldn't get them a title. And as good as Kevin Love is he is no Clyde Drexler or Chris Webber. So don't get your hopes up too high. All the championship talk is way too premature.
eazyt_971::It would be a mid to late 1st rounder. Most of those guys never amount to much in the NBA.
Leap_JRH::So we don't want it. We'll stick with what we have, even if that means we miss the playoffs this year. We'll wait for Ricky to return and then we will continue our progression as a team in the direction of the NBA World Title. This year is over, that's fine. The bigger goal is the title. That's the whole point. I don't want your crappy mid round 1st or anyone off your crappy team.
eazyt_971::Don't lose hope. Houston, Denver, or Memphis could still fall apart. Portland can help you out. All we want in return is your 1st rounder. Otherwise Portland will have to make a trade with the clippers and we don't want to help them out.
Leap_JRH::I'm not losing hope. We're going places, just not quite yet. I believe the core of this team can win our 1st NBA title. I don't want to trade that promise away for some average/mediocre point guard to potentially save an 8th seed this year. It's not worth it. I WANT THE TITLE NOT AN 8TH SEED!
Joel52597::Trade for Monta Ellis
eazyt_971::Looks like Minnesota is gonna need another guard to make a playoff run. Portland has 2 guards for sale. First team to offer a 1st round pick can have either of them or maybe both of them. Time for David Kahn to get some balls and pony up that 1st round pick.
fess.peoples::Wolves wont be REAZZZZZZZZZL till Wes Johnson is benched Beasly with 16mins just askin 2 lose
antonio lopez gomez::Ricky Magic 0 kobeesteroides1 ... bad times for the lyric.............. ricky magia 0 kobeestoides 1 malos tiempos para la lirica
antonio lopez gomez::marting260 ..a rubio no le hace falta meter 25 0 30 puntos por partido ...su sola presencia sus dotes de direccion de mando de vision hacen de el un jugador unico en la historia del baloncesto........ y solo son 21 años!!! es un novato..
marting260::rubio sucksssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
marting260::rubio is only good for passing cant even score
antonio lopez gomez::kobe ...$@%! you kabron
marting260::screw you cabron...rubio aint even gunna be a top tier point gaurd
Recommended News::http://rnsnbc.com/headlines/latest_news/limousine
Kevin_Loves_Beard::Damn. Two days ago I was sitting at a bar with my buddies watching the Wolves Vs Lakers game and the place was absolutely buzzin. Now if you say anything about the Wolves in Minny all people can do is just shake their heads at a lost season. I hope the Wolves can fight to get that 8th seed in the west but it'll be very tough....Wishing you a quick recovery Rubio! We need you ready to go next season!
scante31::It'll blow over. Always a bit of shell shock when something like that happens in the sports community. Wolves will rally around Ricky and you'll probably end up doing better than you think. It's far from over especially with this schedule and Adelman's been around awhile. Stay positive Wolves fans.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Minnesota...you are such a sorry franchise. One of your only little hopes just got crushed. Enjoy the lottery...YET AGAIN!
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::Does anyone know the serverity or Deron Williams calf injury?
Birdmann._.::?
RIP Bricky Rubios Poor Shooting Percentage::Wolves fans have nothing to worry about. It was a good game without their started PG.  The end.   No more no less.
RIP Bricky Rubios Poor Shooting Percentage::I seriously doubt that.
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::JJ has been a big disappointment this year.. yeah he can give you a spark but a few games he's played under 20 minutes and racked up 8 or 9 TO. Yeah I do think we have a ton of talent, but it doesn't come together over night.
RIP Bricky Rubios Poor Shooting Percentage::You still have JJ coming back. Luke and JJ should be able to take care of things. Tonight was a test for Luke, he didn't ask for the starting job. It fell in his lap. The Wolves will be fine. Beasley and Web are going to have to learn how to take smart shots. Once that happens anything is possible. Believe me. The TWolves have untapped talent.
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::it wasn't like they were gaurenteed a spot with a healthy team.. without.. they would really have to rally together
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::Think it's safe to say playoff hopes are over. was tight enough already
helmsey::haha.. Twolves lose to NO.  Nice.
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Funny you should say that, helmsey. Your Knicks lost to them too on Feb 17th.  Did you forget?
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::haha so funny
RIP Bricky Rubios Poor Shooting Percentage::Ricky Ricky Ricky....  When will you find what it is you're looking for....  "Here's a nice pile of sh*t!"  -Ricky
Derrick Williams.........ROY::Nice try at being a Wolves fan.
MetropolitansFan::Ricky Rubio is officially a bust now
Kevin_Loves_Beard::This might be the stupidest comment I've ever read on ESPN. The guy lead rookies in steals and assist for teh season and was in the TOP THREE in the whole NBA in those categories. Just because a player got injured in no way means they're a bust. It was his first injury all year as well, he's normally healthy!
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::No, actually he's not.
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Just an injury. He could come out of this fine. He hasn't become a Greg Oden. Yet
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::ty
Recommended News Story::http://www.rnsnbc.com/news/latest_headlines/limo/
Derrick Williams.........ROY::Alright who is Meow Wolves... I need Info now
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::?
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::yeah.. I was invited to go to game -- glad i didn't
Derrick Williams.........ROY::neither did I happy I didnt
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::oh, not sure. I just got home, didn't see the game
Derrick Williams.........ROY::most liked post what is his main account?
The Amazing Chef has returned oh yeah::YO DOGS U HERE
Soonerslive2000::Wolve fans blaming Kobe for Little Ricky getting a knee sprain hahahaha
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::it was a tear not a sprain. and no we aren't. grow up, kid.
Soonerslive2000::How did Rubio do?
haddon16::i see wes was back to his normal self tonight
TEXANS THIS IS OUR YEAR::The offense just looked dead without rubio. No one was really creating plays and looking to the box. pek had 7 after the first and thats why we lost but i was glad ellington got to play
Malcyon1::Well ****, Ridnour had the same amount of assists (if not more) then Rubio had but he ends up being the better scorer.
yata9arasu::I heard of the news about Rubio....  :(  I hope he comes back strong.  He is a great young player and a huge part of the Wolves.  Good luck Minnesota!  GO CAVS!
arsenal1470::LOL @ Minnesota fans, feel bad for Rubio though ....
workman47::OH MAN MINNESOTA AND THE HITS JUST KEEP ON COMIN
PadresChargersClippers::looks like Luke Ridnour will be in Minny for the rest of the year?
SCastillo504::Keeps suckin Minny...more ping pong balls for New Orleans when we get ours and yours....
SCastillo504::Bounty Gate Part II...New Orleans had a bounty on Rubio...checks in the mail Kobe...New Orleans beats Minnesota yet again...
haddon16::i hope another katrina comes and wipes out more rednecks
doggtoyork::hahahaa thunder turned down harden and ibaka for dwight WE'RE SOO LUCKY THEY DECLINED THEY COULD HAVE BEEN GOOD http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
zachzach2020::Hope the TPups can "rent " a quality PG by the trade deadline. If so, they WILL make the playoffs.
b.ball_player28::ricky was in my grade 2 class when we were kids, get well rubio!
kgrovesBYUfan::Kevin Love is such a beast. He doesn't deserve to be on a garbage team like the T-Wolves.
T-Wolves12::A real talented player can win on a team without a good supporting cast, plus there are some good players on the Wolves, a good example of that is Pekovic, who came off the bench this season and has since done great, when we get Rubio back next season beware
md7152::sooo he should only be on the Heat, OKC or the Bulls?
XxLeprechaunxX::TOs, Missed shots, bad defense(for much of the game), and we still only lost by 6. I guess it wasn't a complete disaster and NO seems to be playing well of late
GoMNSports924::Im back from the game... its was fun, but I was dissapointed with how they played
md7152::That pic. cannot be real of your cat. Dam.  Needs to lay off the whisker lickens if it is real J/K.  Yeah, i bet it was fun to watch in person even tho the Wolves didn't win.  Hornets shot lights out tho didn't they.
Spursdc::They played great. What are you talking about?
PoRtEr_24::Once we get used to not having Rubio, I think we'll do fine...I have faith
md7152::agree.
md7152::Webster, Beasley and Johnson 4 points combined.  On the bright side of things that number will be higher as the season continues.
XxLeprechaunxX::not gonna win a lot of game like that
BuckeyeheadKyle_828::well it looks like Rubio isn't winning ROY.
Zippppppp::Plus Portland, Pheonix and Houston all won. Terrible couple days for a Wolves fan.
.iSport-iGame.::My condolences to Timberwolves fans\organization. Rubio is a great player and I hope a great recovery to him. The Wolves have a lot of pieces that are a threat. The Wolves will be a great franchise in a year or two. GREAT amount of potential. Good luck to the Wolves!
Bill Lloyd::Minnesota will be fine, we just played are first game w/o Rubio, and we are supprised. 8th seed is going to happend
Evil2Hope::Um there must be one sports God because ALLLLLLLLLL of MN sports is F#$#ed, well lets be honest.... for ever.
kmelby33::gopher football won 7 titles!!!!!  haha
kmelby33::can we all agree the jets are idiots for give sanchez 3 additional years at 40.5 mil    hahahaha
Lakers2012WorldChamps::"Geez Kobe I was only joking when I said only way ill request a trade is if you hurt Ricky!"  -Pau Gasol
Spursdc::Rubio had his greatest assist yet; He passed his job responsibilities on to Luke Ridnour
kmelby33::im having beers with friends here, im saying going on other teams boards and trashing them after a loss is sad is all    ive never done that or will ever do that.  ive never even gone on other boards before other than wolves
Spursdc::Trying to get your boyfriends liquored up. lol. Also, Jay is an internet gangster
kmelby33::it must be tough sitting alone at home on a saturday night ripping on a team after a serious injury.  not having a woman must suck
JayIsSIUE::Spurdc is abitch but who r u to say that wtf r u doing on a sat night
XxLeprechaunxX::wasnt funny the first time
Evil2Hope::We are gutted without Rubio and Love at 100%.
Zippppppp::Time to start building some depth
freediej54::imagine that, the nba owned hornets beat the team that is giving them there first round pick next year. david stern is a crook
Zippppppp::I think Stern hired Kobe to go after Rubio's knee
JayIsSIUE::NOT A JOKE  how good do u think STERN feels that RUBIO got hurt  he prob thinks it will help get the hornets a better draft pick now
Lakers2012WorldChamps::This was like having that hot girlfriend for 2 weeks then baam shes gone
