rajonMVProndo::This proved the Celtics are still a championship calibar team
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::yea and the sky is green and water is dry.
thetruthcometh::Thank you Jeff Teague, nobody puts jesus shuttlesworth in the corner. http://celticsrecap.com
princechristopherII::norris cole &gt; jeff teague
Leaving_LasVegas::Why were so many fans in Atlanta cheering for Boston last night?
princechristopherII::they were celtics fans
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::If Iraq and Boston played I think I honestly would be pulling for Iraq, KG is a $@%!$@ and the Cell-ticks made me dislike my childhood favorite color of green. Thanks for listening and y'all suck for living.
princechristopherII::but who won
Leaving_LasVegas::LOL!
princechristopherII::celtics will finish in 6th or 5th seed
cole1asde::no they wont they would have to finish ahead of 76ers or the pacers or the magic to claim that the pacers won't slide they have almost all home games and very easy schedule left same d\for 76ers and the magic are too far ahead
gibsonjames::starting to look good for a wizards playoff push.
sportsguy3337::Good win by the Cs, deffinetly got lucky at the end. Once again in the last 2 min of the game the offense wasnt ran at all, just Rondo or Pierce holding the ball until theirs 8 seconds on the shot clock. We got lucky at the end
cool.dude44::Go Celtics! Lets give it one last run. Its all about 18!
wlvol2::Awesome...Teague has a monster ghetto home boy dunk...and then shoots an AIRBALL at the end. Classic nba'er who is all about dunks and the "me" lifestyle.  Also shows how PATHETIC many players are who can't even shoot  (other than a gun) from 4 feet.
moosiphoosus::Are these your opinions or were they taught to you?
Dwayne_Johnson23::C's!
CandySparker::Hawks Lotta Love!
Dwayne_Johnson23::SHUTUP YOU
JDAN15::hey teague, the next time you think you're all that because of a dunk, just be ready to hit a shot (how's about hit iron even) when it matters.  the hawks are punk $@%!$ and that's why they have always been terrible.  GROW UP.
RaidersCelticsRedsox::best story ever...and its true...my boy whos a hawks fan hooked me up with bob hungers seats(president of philips arena) 7 rows back from the floor i will post pics from my facebook in a min. since i just got home...but he came down and cursed me and him out cuz i hat my celts gear on saying dont brin ur $@%!$@% friend with the opposing teams gear in my seats while hes jumpin around...he said u guys need to get the $@%! outta here...lol....what a tool...i was enjoying my team and being very cordial to other hawks fans...its a frigging reg. season bball game....he took it so serious........hello moron...half the dam.n crowd were c's fans in celts gear....what a tool....and what a game btw....best time of my life....7 rows back!!! seein my boys for maybe the last time together and the win at the end.... wow....just got back from the after party and im wasted and happy :)that is all...needless to say...my boy ruined his hook up for tix to philips arena again....hahah
J-SMOOVE2035::Bostons big 3 was a failure. Sure they won their first year together but proceeded to lose to the Magic, Lakers, Heat the next 3 years in the playoffs and they arent going anywhere this year either. One and done. Suck on that boston fans. the big 3 era is coming to a close and boston can go back to sucking again
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Ummm Boston baked beans was up .3-2 so the Lakers took them to 7 games. Blew them out in game 6 and just wanted it more in game 7. 4 years 3 finals and a 2peat. Just face it Failtics were one and done.
cool.dude44::Teague had a nice air-ball at the end of the game. Just saying...
vindog75::Boston also took LA to a game 7 and lost. 2 Finals in 4 years with a championship. The Hawks dream of first round wins lol. The Hawks have been a joke franchise forever
RaidersCelticsRedsox::listen j-smoove...obviously the hawks are in "better shape "then the c's at this point...but basically u arent contenders..ur just a 4 or 5 seed like uve been for years that does nothing in the playoffs...if thats fine for u then so be it...the c's are def. declining and we know it...but we can still play and win(ie. tonight ) point is we will be rebuilding after this season ....but our franchise wouldnt pay a player like joe johnson what he makes to play for us...so the c's will be back sooner than later....and ur hawks will hang around making the playoffs and then losing to the real contenders year after year while the c's will be back to win their 18th title b4 the hawks will even sniff 5 titles....so good for u for being happy being mediocre and having horrible fans...i was there tonight...and it was 60-40 celts fans over hawks fans in ur arena....we won the title first year we got big 3 when they were already past there prime in their 30's and kg was out of the following years playoffs then perk went down against lakers in finals and rondo out against heat...not saying we would won all three..but most like one of those three years...so we woulda had two championships which is dam.n good for players in their 30's cuz they play team ball...the heat shoulda won last year but they are ball hogging morons with low basketball iq....stop jockin the hawks bro...theyve done nothing for years...
What Just Happened 9330 7.0::What have your Hawks done? At least Boston was trying to make something happen. Year in and year out Atlanta does nothing in the playoffs. Go ahead and say "suck on that Boston fans" all you want, they are still better than your Hawks. And a title isn't a failure when it comes to bringing in trades. You forget that Kendrick tore his ACL in that second matchup against the Lakers, KG was injured the year before that. This past season, Rondo had his elbow dislocated. Had he been healthy against Miami, who knows what would have happened. But we had injuries that killed us. Go ahead and make it feel better for yourself all you want, the fact is is that the Hawks suck.
captphilpart7::The owners wound up in court for 5 years because of that contract....................5 years......................................  Nothing good came from that contract  Except lawyers made money for 5 years
What Just Happened 9330 7.0::You would have had money to give to someone else. If he would have went to New York, Melo would have no where to go. He's not doing good in New York because him and Amare are too different and Melo didn't fit in D'Antoni's system at all. And to top it off, neither of them play defense. Atlanta is better than the Knicks, Melo could have done good there.
J-SMOOVE2035::joe was gone if we didnt give him max money.  then we would have been screwed.
What Just Happened 9330 7.0::Future looking great in Atlanta? They screwed themselves giving Joe a max contract. He's a good player, but he's not worth that much. Josh Smith could be gone once his contract is up. The Celtics have $40 million coming off of the cap after this season and two first round draft picks in this beast of a draft.
J-SMOOVE2035::the future is bright here in atlanta.  boston is headed back to the pre-08 era of sub-.500 basketball. enjoy.  and dont even start with the rondo injury.  miami was up 2-0 when that injury happened.
What Just Happened 9330 7.0::The Celtics had huge injuries to their main players. You take Pau off with an injury, the Lakers might have not done as much. You take Kobe off, they have no shot in hell at winning. The Celtics lost KG one year, Kendrick for game 7 of the finals, and Rondo against the Heat. If they have those players, they would have probably at least one more title. Look at how the Lakers were post-Shaq and pre-Pau. They struggled to make the playoffs. Have fun making yourself feel better because your Hawks team sucks.
J-SMOOVE2035::boston was handed a dynasty on a silver platter and they only won 1.  end of story.  lakers took 2 in 3 years while boston only took 1.  end of story.
keuntae22::what you mean a failure? they were brought together to win a championship and thats exactly what they did. In my eyes it was a success ..just because they won that championship.  If they hadnt won a championship then you would say it was a failure.
J-SMOOVE2035::also lakers 2 celtics 1
What Just Happened 9330 7.0::He's a Hawks fan.
RaidersCelticsRedsox::u mad bro? ^^ why do u always take the time to troll about the c's....none of us do that about ur beloved lakers....u shld just have respect. u sound scared posting all this bs....
help.crew::he need to start! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oGpJ4zF_ypE
help.crew::no one can shoot in C other than allen... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AP6gzUfYQkg
Atl-fan-win-or-lose::I'll watch the Hawks win or lose. But man does it get hard to watch a team who has so much potential to be a really good team play the way they do. I know their battling injuries. But even if they were healthy they still might have lost this game. They don't really even have a 6-man, the bench is too injury prone and Teague is hit or miss. Then the trade deadline come and goes and what do the Hawks do? They trade their 2nd round pick for next years draft for money. It's like they are just conceding any chance at the title. I just wish someone would light a fire under these guys to get them to play better and make the owners and gm make a move for a run at the finals.
Chris828397::hey captphilpart..........u think you get strange looks im a new yorker thru and true yankees jets so on ppl ask what bbteam i like and they wam=nt to know how in the world i can b a celtic fan.......lol but i couldnt like any other team i grew up watching bird parrish mchale nd so on,i dont mention ainge b/c i cant stand him....smh
ynot1825::im a C's fan and i don't understand why the Hawks never seem to play to their abilities....when healthy they have as much talent as any team....got to be frustrating being a hawks fan.....
captphilpart7::What I mean by that is I have been to games in in Atlanta and Boston  The Boston fan is more extreme, more into their team, more excited The Atlanta fan knows the game, the opposition better heck even the rules
captphilpart7::Basically The Braves were sold from the 2nd largest land owner to the largest and are nothing more than his toy  I said I was from Boston and live In Atlanta, I always get strange looks when I say this It's not that Boston is not  a better Baseball town, It's a great Red Sox Town. It's not a great basketball town it's a great Celtics town It's not even a great hockey town it's a great Bruins town.
Atl-fan-win-or-lose::That's completely true. Just look back to the 90's at the Braves and Hawks and now. You can see a major difference from when Turner owned them and the new owners now.
captphilpart7::Itynot I'm from Boston and live in Atlanta...Atlanta does not have a fan problem it does not have a player problem it has a huge management and ownership problem (that goes for the Braves and formerly Thrashers who were owned by the same guys that own the Hawks)  It's a town (excluding the Falcons) that has owners that just don't care. In the case of the Hawks Owners that sued themselves for 5 years, a GM (Rick Sund) that's last job was In Seattle were his marching orders was to keep payroll down so the team could be sold.  Quite clearly these guys are very adept at screwing the fans and lining their pockets
captphilpart7::You want to read an article about the insight of these guys it's right here  http://blogs.ajc.com/iceman-thrashers-blog/2011/05/31/thrasherville-will-not-soon-forget-what-atlanta-spirit-did-here/
J-SMOOVE2035::we shoulda brought back stephen jackson.  (traded for) or gotten chandler or dalembert in the offseason
captphilpart7::The owners want a team that makes money not a team that wins.....As long as this team makes the playoffs and sometimes hits the 2nd round there is no problem  Please show me 1 time in their 11 year history the Atlanta Spirit Group is committed to winning?? I can show you a dozen times that show that they are concerned with the bottom line 1st
Atl-fan-win-or-lose::I agree, I can't stand the fact that they own the Hawks and as long as the do the Hawks will never win a title. That's the whole reason J Smoove wants out. If that happens then the Hawks are a 8 seed maybe.
J-SMOOVE2035::Bostons roster is not gonna change as is.  Hawks, on the other hand, will be getting a plethora of players back from injury for a playoff run.  dont sleep on the hawks folks
captphilpart7::You are forgetting 1 thing ..............The Atlanta Spirit Group,  the clown car in suits that can mess up a 1 car funereal procession
captphilpart7::Noooooooooooo Why would they sell when the got ATL fans wrapped around their finger  That little deal with the Pizza man from So Cal was a sham........and Atlanta fans bought it  You are stuck with them
J-SMOOVE2035::is ASG gone after this year?
darwinislord::The Hawks are one seriously muthafukin depressing team.
Whetzell::Wow teague sucks.
Strong Troll Forventhrund::sex
What Just Happened 9330 7.0::I like the way you think.
NBAisTHEbest06::loved the fact that teague turned out to be a total clown after yelling at ray and then ray hitting 3's in the fourth and teague airballing great to see when douc.he bags get their due
J-SMOOVE2035::oh blow it out your a$$
What Just Happened 9330 7.0::Mad Hawks fan is mad.
J-SMOOVE2035::Pierce is washed up.  KG has a little something left.  Ray looks like he could play forever.  Too bad they need all 3 to be on fire to compete in a 7 game series with miami or chicago.
CElTICS_THAUNDERDOGS::Pierce is "washed"? ..hahahahahaha!!!
falseprophet2012::disagree about Pierce. He was in foul trouble all night and is still a clutch player. I agree his productivity has gone down and he is not going to give you consistent scoring all year like he used to, but he is still a valuable commodity in playoff situations, like the other two.
J-SMOOVE2035::Pierce is washed up.  KG has a little something left.  Ray looks like he could play forever.  Too bad they need all 3 to be on fire to compete in a 7 game series with miami or chicago.
WISH I HAD A DOLLAR FOR EVERY RUBIO DIME::http://www.scorebig.com/Referral/scorebigmember4168?ref_tag=raf.def.lnk  Free Sports Tickets!  Sign up with the link above and I値l send you a $40 credit to use on tickets to your email.  The reason I知 showing you this is because I get $50 in credit for each person I sign up, so it痴 a win/win.  Reply if you have any questions, I値l respond, I知 not a bot.
oreed born again sox4life::boston Philips Arena.... felt like home;)
WISH I HAD A DOLLAR FOR EVERY RUBIO DIME::http://www.scorebig.com/Referral/scorebigmember4168?ref_tag=raf.def.lnk  Free Sports Tickets!  Sign up with the link above and I値l send you a $40 credit to use on tickets to your email.  The reason I知 showing you this is because I get $50 in credit for each person I sign up, so it痴 a win/win.  Reply if you have any questions, I値l respond, I知 not a bot.
32Joseph315::What the hell? Were there more Boston fans than Hawks fans in Atlanta or was that my imagination? That's pathetic
tompyke24::i was there. def more celtic fans! go c's
moosiphoosus::Atlanta is a Transplant city.  Its not our fault people leave there BS towns for warm weather and sun.  People just keep coming to the A.
RaidersCelticsRedsox::i was there...def. 50 -50 or maybe 60-40 c's over hawks fans...atl is weird
aftern9ne::Start telling me what's pathetic after your city goes more than 50 years with only one professional championship.
J-SMOOVE2035::Braves did only win 1 world series but made 4 others in the 90s.  We just blew it.
J-SMOOVE2035::when boston sucked pre 08, that $@%! didnt happen.    BANDWAGONERS!!!!!!!!!!!
ryan2roddy::they have audiences in atlanta...a few home town fans are lightly sprinkled in
Jermaine O.Neal::Good win Celtics. I am sorry but the wrist hurt so bad that I had to elect for off-season surgery. My career is probably over now. Glad that I am retiring as a Celtic. Love yall.
oreed born again sox4life::go away JO
J-SMOOVE2035::u suck
Jimmy30313::There were more Celtics fans at the game than Hawks fans hahaha
J-SMOOVE2035::not nearly as bad as when we play the knicks though
J-SMOOVE2035::or how overpriced the seats are
J-SMOOVE2035::cant fault them really.  you have no idea how bad our ownership is.
Jimmy30313::Bottom line: ATL fans don't go to games.
J-SMOOVE2035::knicks fans overtake our stadium.  of course they are mostly bandwagoners
J-SMOOVE2035::In all honesty, this game just proves that when the Hawks get full strength they will be a force to be reckoned with in the playoffs this year.  We actually have a bench this year.
J-SMOOVE2035::miami is the only team i fear
J-SMOOVE2035::we can compete. win? probably not.
falseprophet2012::LOL. Hawks dont have enough to compete with Miami and Chicago. You're delusional.
J-SMOOVE2035::this year.  you shall see soon.
Jimmy30313::When did ATL's time even start?
J-SMOOVE2035::bostons time is just about up dude.  cant wait til that big 3 is gone.
Jimmy30313::If i were u id fear every one i play.
DaBostonStrangler10::Way to stick it to the Hawks!
J-SMOOVE2035::with half the team injured?  ok
ynot1825::when Horford is healthy the Hawks are as talented as anyone...I just don't understand why they play so mediocre.. this from a C 's fan by the way..
princechristopherII::lets go celtics
Strong Troll Forventhrund::Rashard Lewis just took a shit on your girl's chest and splashed a 20 footer     Deal with it
ynot1825::wtf!!! stay in school and off your sister
Strong Troll Forventhrund::Whoa! Unethical!
AtlantaWarrior77::the chances of the celtics getting in the playoffs i like kobe being traded to the nets
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Lmao don't c that 4th seed happening.
Whetzell::atlantaretard77
Jimmy30313::we are 7th if u haven't realised.
Jimmy30313::I can see us getting up to 4th
princechristopherII::we will be 6th soon
captinbeezo::hawks are better than celtics. wait until the hawks get thier full roster!
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Cellticks struggling more than any other older team in NBA. Beans are baked cooked and done. For the rest of yr in the playoffs and maybe another 20plus yrs.
Whetzell::Hawks are a mess
captinbeezo::your drunk! Hawks are better wail til al come back. yall might make it ti the playoffs
Jimmy30313::Hawks are a pi$$ in the wind franchise.
Jimmy30313::In what universe are the hawks better than the Celtics?
aftern9ne::In at least half of them.
linsidemebaby::who is better PG in the league?  Rodon or Westbrook ?
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Rondont an all around point Lmao dude barely scores and his D is suspect. All he does is wait to the man he is guarding goes by him than tries to knock the ball out from behind. But ill give him  rebounding n assits.
CalaisYaY::rondo is a better all around point guard  westbrook is a scorer. doesn't quite do it all
princechristopherII::rondo the other two are better players but rondo is the better point gaurd
princechristopherII::zaza looks lost on the court his head looks stupid
hay_woode::The turning point in this game that no one is talking about is the horrible substitution that larry drew made when the hawks went up seven. he put in collins when he should have put in ivan johnson. ivan wasn't playing great but he is a better defender and is quicker than collins. collins is too old and slow and it allowed boston to run some pick and rolls and get a little rhythm to get the game close and how josh let allen hit that three at the end of the third is just him not knowing the situation
hay_woode::because hawks fans and boston fans watched the game, it's clear that you are neither so why are you on here
rackem_smackemm::Why would anybody be talking about this game at all?
hay_woode::there was no need to put collins in when zaza got hurt because boston didn't have a center either
imet26::I was never so miserable at a Hawks game before, all those Boston Fans, i pity my city........
J-SMOOVE2035::they are just bandwagoners.  i seriously doubt they are from boston.
princechristopherII::the hawks fans need to realize we never got to use perk that season and we finished in third last year
HighlightFactory62::And besides, according to the box score for rebounds: BOS- 6 offensive, 40 total. ATL 9 offensive, 45 total. Just making sure you got your facts right bro.
aftern9ne::You out rebounded a team with no center? Color me impressed.
princechristopherII::we out rebounded the hawks
rackem_smackemm::Celts fans need to realize that they're barely .500 since that trade  and one of the worst rebounding &amp; interior teams in the entire NBA.
princechristopherII::is larry drew gay he looks very gay
Jimmy30313::Atlanta = The most miserable sports city/
aftern9ne::It is the most miserable sports city, but the rest of America has to stop giving us $@%! for not showing up to games then.
Jimmy30313::Falcons suck
Jimmy30313::Celtics!!!
princechristopherII::celtics
Jimmy30313::Celtics!!
AtlantaWarrior77::who's ur fav team?
bost0nsportzfan4life::Honestly I rather see the Celtics get the 4 seed then the 3 5 or 6 at this point it would be the easiest/best chance they had to making a run.  Most likely they would play the pacers in the 1st round which I could live with.  They got the fire power to beat Indiana in IMO 5-6 games.  Next would be Chicago probably...Tough?  Damn straight...Impossible?  No.  This team can beat chicago and match up much better to them then Miami.  If they play their best ball and limit D-rose they could win that...then they just got to hope Miami loses because despite my Hatred for the Heat...I don't think they can beat them in a 7 game series.
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Lakers  3 Times a 2peat 4yrs. The Hawks a b alright. But can't wait from the Beans to be baked and done can't stand them dam leprechauns.
princechristopherII::its possible i mean dont sleep on the celtics they been to the finals twice in 4 years
2524thomas::LOL....Straight Delusional...
princechristopherII::time for sex bye loser hawks fans bye celtics fans
CalaisYaY::oj mayo to boston in the off season?
princechristopherII::sure
rackem_smackemm::Celts are barely .500 since trading Perkins. And they're still searching for a center. Shoulda just paid him the money.  He's not much statistically, but he was the perfect fit for what the Celts run.
abel199725::Smh at the comment above , cant u see the C's care less about the points and more about defense heck lebron or d wade wouldnt even try to drive when the lane was full of an angry perkins and Kg but now look at are big men $@%!$@%
abel199725::*big men
princechristopherII::what are you talking about perk sucks he only got 10 point this season on the celtics
rackem_smackemm::Who's talking about the Hawks? They just as bad as the Celts. But they didn't trade away their starting center &amp; drop to .500 after.
princechristopherII::the hawks are only 1 game ahead not much room to talk just shut up you sound stupid
rackem_smackemm::barely .500 since the trade. that's the common denominator.
AtlantaWarrior77::i'm actually scared of the heat oh wait i mean, IM SCARED OF THE REFS IN THE PLAYOFFS
princechristopherII::the refs went for the hawks that game they wanted a close game
AtlantaWarrior77::yea, obviously tht tec on zaza was for the hawks
