mattsteffen2010::Does anyone actually think it's funny when people say sh*t like Kobrick or LeBrick?
Edudlufetips1::we are done, but i am so proud of my rox this year. no one thought theyd win this many games with that lineup. mchale did more with lowry and dragic than d antoni or rick adlemen ever could have. arguably the best 1-2 punch at pg in the league. a solid draft and this team is dangerous. everyone except lowry is very durable.
tcccfrom713::any rockets fans know if Kevin Martin is a free agent next yr? i hope he is, that $10 Million of clear cap space, hes a decent player but not a game changer, def not gonna take us anywhere
mikesmith1181::The king is the mvp for this year and the heat are def a better team  then last yeart but my gut is tellin me they wont make it all the way! i did a whole article on this if u wanna knwo why! http://nbawagers.com/2012/04/reasons-why-the-heat-will-not-win-2012-nba-championship/
hapatino::LeBron showed everyone once again why he is the MVP.
WorldPeaceElbow::The ringless king... Cool bro Dale
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::He shows up against a Nets team in the 4th qtr that was minus  D.Will, Crash , Lopez and Farmar a solid back up pg. Than he shows up against a Rockets team that virtualy has a bunch of average players also in the 4th. And he is clearly the MVP Lmmfao hard, yea Chris Humphries and Parsons are not all denfense.
Lomax66::Nets and Houston, both that took out the Bulls.
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::49ers and Chargers&gt; Dolphins Lmao.
954_2_da_305::49ers &gt; chargers
APanther4ever::Been a Heat fan for 7 years, ever since I was in 4th grade, and its sad to see all this hate being given to the Heat! I mean come on people! Do you have a life?!
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Actually I was busy doing to things at once but my statement is true. Lebron just has been recently  been hated on sense he gave up on the Cavs in the playoffs. And ran to Miami with Bosh to join Wade. Than not showing up against Dallas in the finals.
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Are you sh.iting me ,Kobe is hated on way more and not just saying that because that's  my boy and I roll with the Lakers. Dude name is in every sec.140 even on his night off Lmao. KB has more haters than Lebron fact.
954_2_da_305::You're so delusional its affecting your spelling.
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Dude Heat fans hate on other team superstars, players and teams as well buddy.
954_2_da_305::Not even  half as hard as everyone hates on LeBron.
LAKERSRUNTHENBA::heat can suck a fat 1
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Nope as a fan I'm only happy when my team wins a championship. Damn all that atleast we crap. You think the Heat said atleast we made it to the finals and lost. You think the Lakers said atleast we made it to the 2nd round and got swept. The point is nether team won the championship so who got further is beyond pointless.
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::It was the 2nd found but let's not forget the Lakers was on a championship run going for a 3peat. Only Legends no how hard a 2peat or 3peat can be. Yea Lakers got swept but I can't imagine how hard it is going for 4 Nba finals appearances's in a row. And dude the Lakers no all about making the Finals so who you think your talking too. Plus I never bragged about being swept but don't make it seem as if the Heat making the finals than losing is some sort of big prize Lmmfao. But I'give the Lakers fans a bad name. As a fan you shouldn't be happy that your team was in the finals. What's the point when they lost.
954_2_da_305::I think what you meant to say was, "as a fan you shouldn't be happy your team lost the finals" which i'm not happy about, but was I happy when they made the finals? Yes what fan wouldn't be? Were you happy to make the second round?
954_2_da_305::You're right it was second round but that doesn't change a thing. Lol what type of fan wouldn't be happy their team is in the Finals? A Lakers fan?
954_2_da_305::Lakers have sucked a fat 1.
Edudlufetips1::you mean the dirtiest team in the nba- la? can see why people hate on em, can't you?
954_2_da_305::Getting swept in the first round is better than losing in the Finals? lol you are giving a bad name to lakers fans neither is nothing to brag about but come on. First round exit better than making it to the Finals? I don't think so.
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Losing in the finals is worse. When so called best player in the NBA Let the Heat down even Bosh showed up. And people were callling him the weak link. LeBron was the weak link in the finals. Lmmfao.
954_2_da_305::Swept by the Mavs last year. Can't even say that about the Heat.
LAKERSRUNTHENBA::wrong
draino25::i cant stop watching the youtube video's of lebron leveling lucas and wade pushing hamilton out of bounds....priceless!!!
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Roddy Beaubois played with that same injury he suffered during the game. But Wade walked off crying Lmao. If Roddy did it why couldn't Wade Bosh, Wade has gotten spoiled and soft every sense Lebron and Bosh arrived. I use to like Wade before  Prince and no post/no rebounds Jumpshot Bosh.
LAKERSRUNTHENBA::have you seen the ones where wade is crying like a little biach lmao
954_2_da_305::Lol that was a great game.
dan torell::I like the intimidation... reminds me of the old NBA years...
draino25::bulls arent mentally tough enough to beat the heat in 7....too many duke players on the team and superless star in rose
954_2_da_305::Did you see all the Bulls fans on the board crying "cheaters" after the game?
dan torell::Funny think is DRose was complaining of hard fouls... please... you're a star player.. of course you get hard fouls. NBA games is not CRY games.
draino25::until they grow some sacks in chicago they wont be ready to face the heat in the playoffs
brandonlee561heat22::I agree, Rose makes himself and his team out to be soft, once you start to play physical they curl up into a ball
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Yea coming off of two 4th qtr performance's against to NBA powerhouses. The under manned Nets and the Rockets yea give him the MVP for Balling up Humpries and Parsons in the 4th. Lmmfao hard not hating but if someone of his talent grades him self against those two teams and those two players . As far as finding his 4th qtr clutch , all I can say is wow. LeBron ,his fans and you Heat fans have set the bar low for him.
dan torell::I think he will get this...
AwesomeSwagmonsterbeast15::Lol, Heat fan, but I don't think we win the finals this year, bench isn't deep enough.  Shout at me all you want, but I've been a Heat fan for more than 2 (9 to be exact) years, I don't care if we lose a title game, there's always next year, if we have Lebron of if we don't
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::No sympathy for LeBron he is to talented to not have shown up in last years finals and in mutiple 4th qtr games this year sorry. I'm the same way with Kobe and The Lakers no sympathy from me when you don't get the job done point blank period. Your play dictates how fans and critics judge you have nothing to do with hating. Lebron is no diffrent why cut him slack.
dan torell::I am not Heat fan but I'd like to see Lebron gets an NBA Ring this year. I don't like Lebron but he's one heck of a ball player and we can't deny his abilities. Also, we can all stop polarizing a player - it's way old now.
954_2_da_305::Agreed with Aicyla, LeBron is every haters wet dream.
dan torell::Aicyla22 - good luck with that.  some people get off on polarizing lebron  Can't bring hate to their graves either,
dan torell::haha.. skip yaps too much...
mccoywajmu::skip bayless?
Aicyla22::good luck with that.  some people get off on polarizing lebron
Aicyla22::well I've been a heat fan for 16 years and I do care if we lose whats the point of being a fan or even watching if you don't care if your team goes all the way?
brandonlee561heat22::+1
draino25::i like that
Metta World Peaces Elbow::please tell me you are only 15 y/o
Metta World Peaces Elbow::i only change usernames when i get banned, and it only takes like 1 minute dude.  seriously, you are REALLY dumb
AwesomeSwagmonsterbeast15::Seriously, change your username to: I have No life!  Anyone who has more than one ESPN username (I'm sure you do), unless it's because they got banned, has no life.
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::World Peace called prison rules 5min before the elbow so it was a legal play.
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::That was so funny sh.it Lmao. Prison rules Lmmfao.
dan torell::Really, what did he changed his name to Metta World Peace when all he does is hurting players. What a numb skull he is...
draino25::fail.....
Aicyla22::I'm with draino, lebron wanted to pay and spo put the brakes on that, if they really really wanted/needed that win lebron would have came in after halftime
draino25::please leave you are completely irrelevant to this converstation anyway....a team isnt trying to win a game when they are sitting 2 of the best players on the team for no reason other than rest....if they wanted to win lebron would have played
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::it took a last second shot for them to lose, so you tell me?  can you really be this dumb? you know what I don't care I'm out.
draino25::if they really cared about winning that game, when wade went out they would have brough lebron in
draino25::really with bosh and james sitting on the bench?  they were trying to win that one?
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::the only reason they aren't still in the hunt for the one is because they lost a game they were tying to win against the Wiz.
draino25::like i said they would rather play the inexperience pacers in the 2nd round than the celtics
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::the only fail today is you saying that it's a fact that the Heat are tanking so they could keep the two seed. lol
AwesomeSwagmonsterbeast15::I bet Detroit or New Orleans will win the Lottery, why? The NBA is riggid
Metta World Peaces Elbow::rigid?  as in stiff or hard?  Ohhhhh, i see. You are just dumb.
Metta World Peaces Elbow::Keep spouting off how much of a Heat homer you are, lol.
draino25::lol at the mvp....not even top 15 in the league, he won mvp because of the "decision"  and im sorry if you are just finding that out.
Metta World Peaces Elbow::draino25, NBA Pro Scout.  he has already decided that players that have declared for the draft are better than an NBA MVP
draino25::and mccoy at least you have good taste in college basketball teams...go heels
draino25::if you can build a team around derrick rose you can build a team around any one of those names i put down, considering they are all much more talented than rose is
mccoywajmu::i meant harrison barnes..thanks for the correction and im a unc fan i know what he is about...he will be a good player if he has a pg but he will not be a franchise player....thats a top 25 nba player to me i cant see that at all....sullinger and perry jones have pro games based on what?  and its what thing to be good enough to stick in the league its somethign different to be a "franchise player"
draino25::did i call someone a name?
Aicyla22::says the guy named awesomeswagmonsterbeast15
AwesomeSwagmonsterbeast15::Your username shouts out I HAVE NO LIFE EVERYONE!
Metta World Peaces Elbow::same guy being all high and mighty about 'name calling' is now making jokes himself.  Pot, meet kettle.
draino25::and its harrison barnes...trying watching some real basketball some time, it starts in november and ends first weekend of april
draino25::he has a pro game....you forget that most of these guys wouldnt have even gone to college if it wasnt for the rule making them, they all have pro game which does equate to college.
mccoywajmu::KG was skinny too....Davis is 19 he will get bigger...kidd gilchrist is not better then anthony davis.....sullinger perry jones and matt barnes are not "franchise players"....perry jones was the poster child for inconsistency at baylor..
Metta World Peaces Elbow::You do realize Davis has only been this height for like 2 years right?
draino25::kidd gilchrist is better than davis, davis is too skinny to be a franshise player, sullinger, perry jones III, barnes, etc etc
mccoywajmu::name one franchise player in this draft outside of anthony davis
mogg_2::Actually he lets me pick, there is no lotto.  All of this I am told is for "basketball reasons".
draino25::its such a deep draft this year that any lottery pick will get you a franchise player
mccoywajmu::stern is going to give the pick to charlotte..if he doesnt that franchise is going to die...period
Metta World Peaces Elbow::being educated = no life?  That's a new one. Must be an ESPN board thing
AwesomeSwagmonsterbeast15::LOL, I would argue with you, but anyone that goes right to spelling has no life.
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::That elbow was not all that much worse then what Wade and Jones did. whats the big deal. Harden need to back up
Aicyla22::that elbow was waaaayyy worse than what wade did and slightly worse than what jones did, but i guess its okay to push a player from behind when he's going up for a dunk...
nba is the worst::Aicyla22 - that elbow was waaaayyy worse than what wade did and slightly worse than what jones did, but i guess its okay to push a player from behind when he's going up for a dunk... -=-=-  Or break a player's nose from behind when he's going up for a dunk - IN THE ALLSTAR GAME
Aicyla22::to me it didn't seem that westbrook did it will ill intent, but like you said its very dangerous regardless of your intent.
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::I still haven't see that Westbrook play your talking about but have had it happen to me and it is a very dangerous play.
draino25::wade just b itched slapped hamilton it was hilarious!!!!!
draino25::how about the bulls have never beaten a lebron team in the playoffs?
Metta World Peaces Elbow::"last year" and "last year"  This year =/= last year.  sorry about the update.
draino25::chicago 4-0 last year in regular season....4-1 in the playoff loss...bulls fans love regular season because they have had 2 good seasons and the rest sucked since jordan was there
Metta World Peaces Elbow::You are assuming again, so the rule still applies.  Miami vs Chicago this season : 2-2  Saying that it "wont be a series" has to be one of the dumbest things you could assume about the top 2 teams in the East.
draino25::not assuming they are going to win the championship the west is deep this year, but against the bulls it wont be a series
Metta World Peaces Elbow::Just like the Heat already won the championship when they were going up against the weak Mavs?  We see what happens when people assume early, and most are heat fans.
draino25::heat were just flexing muscles just to see what the bulls had and they found out they put their tail between there legs and went into the dog house....that series is over before it starts
Metta World Peaces Elbow::an injury is required for play to be dirty?  thats dumb.
draino25::did anyone get hurt in the bulls heat game?
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::see, most of you think it's funny when the heat play dirty and then call out Artest when he does it. or at least this moron does
draino25::figure of speech....wade just showing hamilton who his daddy is
mccoywajmu::no slapping occured in that sequence
Metta World Peaces Elbow::yeah, youre right. Its harden's fault Artest has violent outburts his entire career.
brandonlee561heat22::You can thank Rose whining to the media, no everyone is soft.
mccoywajmu::rose has nothing to do with artest getting his ludacris on
Metta World Peaces Elbow::Kobe has now been surpassed as the scoring leader.  Should have just sat with that 'shore shin'
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::what happened to the heat bein so much better in year two? can't even get the one seed from a injured bulls team and are not the best road team goin into the playoffs. New York is playing good. time to get worried heat fans
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::What hell happen to the NBA where you don't give a damn who you play in the playoffs. Lmmfao who cares just handle bussiness regardless of who it is.
dan torell::NYK, is not really a big problem for The Heat... regular meetings, The Heat is/are better percentage of winning. They just have to clamp out  Melo all the time.
dan torell::Melo by nature is a ball-hog and everything he does is predictable and anything to shut him is a good sign of beating the team.
draino25::melo wont beat you by himself....just worry about shutting everyone else down and giving melo his
dan torell::Celts plays with bulls in 2nd round? Is it?
Aicyla22::why should be we worried again? bc of NY?
Metta World Peaces Elbow::you have perfect breasts for me to slide my penis between
draino25::new york can play as well as they want but fact is they have melo and talk about choke in the playoffs....first round exit is his middle name
draino25::heat made it to the finals last year in convincing fashion...at least they made it
Aicyla22::why shouldn't a heat fan bring that up? i would say he has more credibility bc he's been there
draino25::balling and the team is barely .500  hahaha thats about right when you have melo on your team...he will be there until it matters most
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::Mello is balling right now, and a heat fan should not bring up choking in the playoffs
draino25::what idiot would want to play the celtics in the 2nd round?
draino25::see now i know you dont know what you are talking about when you go straight to insults because you have nothing to say about the topic....its ok i understand just trolling through the boards
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::that is not a fact moron.
draino25::keep thinking what?  facts?  no problem, gotta look at the big picture, bulls can have #1 seed all that means is you get one extra game at home, but will have to get through 2 tough series before they even have a chance to play the heat
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::lol, keep thinking that buddy. lol they tried to win against the wizards and lost, that s what killed the one seed hopes
draino25::thats what they would be doing going after the number 1 seed...if it mattered that much to them they would try rather than sitting guys
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::no one did say they wanted to do that. try to keep up buddy
mccoywajmu::knick fans are mad they won yesterday and want the team to tank lol...does it even matter?  i heard jared jefferies (who isnt even playing) wants chicago and melo wants Miami...does it matter?
god_of_modesty::Stern wants Miami vs New York in first round... all about the money.
dan torell::god_of_modesty - Stern wants Miami vs New York in first round... all about the money.  Conspiracy theory again?
draino25::they have a better chance against chicago than miami
mccoywajmu::we are playing fine....well enough to get through the rest of these irrelevant reg season games and get to the games that matter as the top seed
draino25::well thats not good then, you arent playing very well with rose right now or without him...sounds like trouble come playoff time
mccoywajmu::we are not playing better without rose dude put down the smoke
mccoywajmu::lmao what?  the bench is falling apart really? haha...right you are calling out our health and bosh hasnt been good since the allstar break and he is sitting now..wade just busted up his finger....in regards to the knicks you are calling out our chemistry and they have to reacclimate amare and he is killing carmelo's efficiency...this is laughable
draino25::with rose in there they are terrible right now...he has been out so long that they play better without him.
Metta World Peaces Elbow::lol at thinking the bulls have no chemistry
draino25::chicago is busted up no chemistry with rose looking for scoring from everyone, bench is falling apart and not producing lately, if the bulls play the knicks they are gone round 1
mccoywajmu::ooookkk and this has what to do with them having a better chance to beat chicago?
draino25::based on the fact that miami has owned them for 2 years, they have no leader on the team and melo cant win a playoff series by himself....
mccoywajmu::based on what?
brandonlee561heat22::ES?
god_of_modesty::LeBron's MVP moment...when he passes up the final shot and loses against Utah.    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=997NpDUaDcM
draino25::it always amazes me who lebron can win games with...doesnt matter who you throw out there with him he will find a way to win the game.
Aicyla22::i agree and on a side note, its been funny to watch recently when theres no big 3 in and cole/chalmers or whoever has the ball can't figure out who the hell they should pass to bc no one can score consistently.
Aicyla22::you're right dan torell, but having 3 stars with the potential for injuries is better than having 1 star who's already injured
dan torell::draino25 - but the fact is heat starting 5 is way better than the bulls starting 5....thats all that matters  That is true but you can't rule the fact that players will get injured [insert dwayne wade and chris bosh here] and bench players should be the next option to step for the team.
Aicyla22::I've watched him plenty thanks mccoy, his D has been good, but his 3's are off, he has his moments, just not as often as I would like
draino25::shane has had some great games and some off games...which player in the nba hasnt?
draino25::but the fact is heat starting 5 is way better than the bulls starting 5....thats all that matters
draino25::benches are overrated in the playoffs because you will see players get more minutes because they have a night off in between every game.
mccoywajmu::is bosh going to rebound again this season?
mccoywajmu::battier has been far from lockdown on defense or even a good shooting the 3 this year...have you not watched him at all
dan torell::Their healthiness don't count really because during the start, their bench only came one good play when they play the ATL in 3-ple OT. But with Bosh in it, so it really don't matter. If the Heat bench plays against Bulls bench in the finals... they're done.
draino25::they will be very very very hard to stop beacuse of lebron wade and bosh
Aicyla22::the bench has been playing much better recently since they've gotten some more play time since bosh wade &amp; lebron have been sitting out here and there. now i know this is a huge if, but if the heats bench did play consistently they were be VERY VERY hard to stop as a team
draino25::really they made it to the finals with less last year....this year they are healthy and added defense lock down battier
dan torell::That's the key factor that their bench players are not a threat to any teams.  Spo should figure this in the next season because it's too late for these players to go against a good team in the playoffs.
god_of_modesty::Heat went 4-0 without Wade and Lebron and LeBron steps up against .500 team and beat the Nets without Deron...
draino25::4-0 when lebron has only missed 2 games all year?  and one of those was against the wiz on saturday and they lost
god_of_modesty::James stepped up against a .500 team... LOL.
Dem_Canes_Man::lol...ummm...where have you been?
Dem_Canes_Man::affirmative.
Aicyla22::yes the playoffs are going to seem very spread out
dan torell::hahaha... trollitis. I would define this as...   "Acute yapping with no apparent reason disorder"
Dem_Canes_Man::lol...it  has been good from that perspective.
Dem_Canes_Man::I have never seen this guy before around these parts, but he does bare signs of trollitis.
Aicyla22::you are just so clever!  you are the first person ever to reference a kitchen when talking to me...  @canes man: I think you're right about that I just want there to be another game on this condensed season spoiled me.
Dem_Canes_Man::I hear you, but I think that Doc will not play his players.
god_of_modesty::Is that when the new stove gets installed?
Aicyla22::I'm ready for tuesday!
dan torell::Do you all guys think that The Bulls will have a hard time playing in their home court this playoffs or The Heat will have a hard time playing away? If, they are going to play in the ECF.
dan torell::"Diminishing" Rose will have a hard time playing with all his ailments in the playoffs for sure.
Aicyla22::I don't really know what its going to be like, the rose situation makes everything a bit more unpredictable
EastBayZach::Imagine if LBJ shot 3 for 21, 3 for 20, 9 for 31, 9 for 26, etc this season a la Kobe...  He'd be laughed out of the league...  Kobe has his brain-dead coach spouting MVP talk instead...what a joke...
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Your argument is pointless when a dude is playing with a torn ligament in his shooting wrist.Not to mention taking cortizone shots feeling nothing. And sane Times not even taking shots playing with pain. Dude please be fair and talk that sh.it when Kobe is healthy. Yes that injury is playing a factor. Damn all the hating you don't call a player out that has an injury that affects his shooting. Boy I tell you Lmmfao.
dan torell::lebron and tebow have similarities... I think it's enuff polarizing these athletes.
Dem_Canes_Man::Lebron is judged at a different scale! It's ridiculous.
Dem_Canes_Man::Lebron can''t go 11-34 right?
brandonlee561heat22::Shooting?
Aicyla22::it would be funny if durant won, even though he himself endorsed lebron
Dem_Canes_Man::Yeah....I read that article earlier today.
brandonlee561heat22::Idk, that bad lol.
Aicyla22::http://aol.sportingnews.com/nba/story/2012-04-23/lebron-james-kevin-durant-kobe-bryant-nba-mvp-2012
Dem_Canes_Man::yeah...Durantula shot that yesterday.
brandonlee561heat22::Alycia, did you see this yet?: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JtpOa2MAUyE
954_2_da_305::The new stadium its nice have anyone of y'all been there yet?
brandonlee561heat22::i have not, Im going down there when the Marlins play the Mets next month
954_2_da_305::Thanks for posting wanted to watch it
brandonlee561heat22::It's good
Aicyla22::no gimme a min ill check it out
Aicyla22::ugh ill have to watch it later, the wifi is not cooperating with me
Aicyla22::okay im letting it buffer first
brandonlee561heat22::It's pretty long, but good.
Thetruth694::We need to rest Lebron. I don't care about getting the #1 seed as much as having everybody rested and ready for the playoffs. Last year we didn't have the #1 and did just fine in Chicago. Plus they have their own problems this year with D-Rose anyway. Let's get healthy and make another run!
Thetruth694::I think it's time to give that bench some much needed minutes and confidence for the playoffs.
954_2_da_305::Bulls don't know what to do with home court advantage, let them keep the 1 spot.
Dem_Canes_Man::those guys have been run into the ground.
Dr Killapatient::Agreed...
Dem_Canes_Man::he's most likely done for the regular season.
D-Nice891::Will Pittman get playoff minutes?
Dem_Canes_Man::probably situational minutes.
Dem_Canes_Man::Sexy Dexy didn't get that double-double, but at least he only had 2 fouls!  That's progress!
D-Nice891::There's a good chance the Knicks still fall to 8 seed depending on what happens here down the stretch
Dr Killapatient::I don't know about you guys but I think Micheal Floyd has more upside than Justin Blackmon...
Dem_Canes_Man::Watching the reply of the Clippers/Hornets game.....blowing the big lead in the 4th.   This is why they are the Hornets!
Dr Killapatient::I can't believe Brian Dawkins retired... Man, he was like the Ray Lewis of the safety position... True leader, true competitor.. You will be missed...
EastBayZach::You guys are off-topic. This room is to discuss advancements in nuclear fission...
2010TL::Second that motion. Dawkins is a classy guy!
2010TL::LeBron James is the MVP!!! MVP! MVP! MVP!
Eternal_Sage::dan marino is retired lebron still has like 6-7 years
Eternal_Sage::I HAVE TO TRY AICYLA, someone has to be logical &gt;.&gt; for them
Aicyla22::too logical ES
idontsweatyou::He probably is, still no Championship. Hes the Dan MArino of the NBA, what a coincidence , both from Miami
mintzerkj4eva::Alright Brandon, Aicyla, Sage, Draino  Peace Out!
idontsweatyou::Later!!
Eternal_Sage::PEACE
Aicyla22::bye :)
brandonlee561heat22::Later!
mintzerkj4eva::Brandon what's your twitter handle?
brandonlee561heat22::@Brandon_Leee, whats yours?
mintzerkj4eva::got cha
brandonlee561heat22::alright
mintzerkj4eva::@butwearebetter
stormtrooper8234::Oh so half you guys know lebron personally to say hes a sorry excuse of a man. Tell me more!!
idontsweatyou::Hes a P-U-ss-Y!!! Thats all u need to know. NOW WATCH ALL THE HEAT FANS CRY!!!
idontsweatyou::WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH, how dare you talk bad about Lebron, HOW DARE YOU???
idontsweatyou::Im not in the NBA FOR people to talk about me, but im making $35 an hour to be on this computer LOl, so whats your point?
draino25::i would love to play rose in 3 pt shooting competition, i would destroy him!!!
stormtrooper8234::u mad your not as talented as him?please at least he doesnt sit around a computer $@%!$@%! about another person. he worries about his own life unlike you
brandonlee561heat22::He was referring to Lebron, not DRose.
xrooster::lebron won more in cleveland (09-10)than in miami(11-12). was more productive in cleveland (check the PERS), was beloved worldwide in cleveland and is among the most hated athletes in america now in miami.  talk about having the world in the palm of your hand and pissing it all away. anyone want to debate these facts?
2010TL::What is there to debate. LeBron did what was best for LeBron, f*ck everyone else. You want to debate those facts?
954_2_da_305::Shaq left the lakers and got a title with the Heat.
2010TL::Stay out of the 80's and 90's. This is the new millenium. You will start to see new trends popping up everywhere!
idontsweatyou::Because instead of trying to win a title with his current team, he took the easy way out and QUIT on his team, fans and city. Thats called a QUITTER in my world, i dont know what u call that in yours. The All TIme greats NEVER left their original team to team up with other superstars to win a title, DID THEY???
2010TL::How is doing what you want to f*cking do, being a quitter. Your logic is comical...
idontsweatyou::Sammich please
Aicyla22::2010TL yea whats wrong with you? you need to stop worrying about living for yourself and live for people who you've never met before in your life.
idontsweatyou::Im happy that you have the same mindset as him, you must be a QUITTER too
xrooster::if lebron hates cleveland so much why does he still house his LRMR marketing company right downtown cleveland? was there no office space availabel in miami?
954_2_da_305::Except  the ECF was won by the Heat.
idontsweatyou::I could say the same for the Bulls, 1 years ECF, things are looking good, RIGHT???
xrooster::no championship. less regular season wins. no MVP. boo'd in arenas across the country.  great decision.
draino25::like i said 1 year 1 finals....looking great so far
idontsweatyou::Exactly, the Heat have been worse than the Cavs ever were with LBJ, and he has WAY better players now. So wahts the next excuse???
draino25::really the won more? 7 years one finals appearance with cavs, 1 year 1 finals appearance going to 2 for the heat
xrooster::but the crap cavs won more than the ultra hyped heat?  how does that math add up?
draino25::Lebron doesnt hate cleveland, he hated playing for an organization that gave him crap every year to play with
idontsweatyou::I dont talk sports with Women , sorry!!!
954_2_da_305::Scared a woman will teach you a thing or two?
2010TL::You never know who is actually a woman on these boards. Don't judge a book by its cover!
idontsweatyou::Shes a women, i know for sure
brandonlee561heat22::Judging by the way you respond to everyone one of her post's, I would say that is false.
idontsweatyou::Have u seen me talk about BBall with her? NO, she kept responding to what i was saying
mintzerkj4eva::Bull fans are so scared, it shows too.
draino25::so are their players, you see how they bent over last game against the heat and just took the beating....playoff atmosphere and the bulls faded away just like they do every year against lebron's team
Aicyla22::seriously, personal attacks are when I know they lack the ability to have an intelligent conversation.
idontsweatyou::Well shes a woman, what do u expect ???
Aicyla22::yes and i have plenty of them, thanks to fans like brandon, ES, mintz, etc.
idontsweatyou::Personal attacks??? YOu are the one who started insulting me. Now u cant handle it and youre BI-TCH-ING. REMEMBER???
jagsrule2007::you;re looking for intelligent conversation on an espn mb?
idontsweatyou::Im waiting
Dr Killapatient::And should be as well
FreakyStyley::And with the 4th pick at the Haters Ball....the Asian Delegation chooses WU TANG CLAN
brandonlee561heat22::So long fried chicken, hello fried rice
idontsweatyou::LOL
idontsweatyou::Me luv u long time
idontsweatyou::HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!
Aicyla22::nooooo it was the racial drafts not the haters ball
jagsrule2007::heat fans have the thinnest skins of any sports fan bar none.  posts complaining about haters outnumber actual hater posts by about 20 to 1.
2010TL::F(_)CK thick skin! Haters are dumb a$$es!
idontsweatyou::Thank you, and the sad part is they started rooting for their team last year, before that they didnt even care about the Heat at all
jagsrule2007::ah, back when the were the knicks B!%ch
2010TL::I am a born and raised Laker fan from Los Angeles, who have liked the Heat ever since the days of Alonzo and Timmy, thank you very much! But, as a LeBron fan, I will cheer for any team he plays on!
idontsweatyou::Sammich please
Aicyla22::yes, bc you know every single heat fan
Aicyla22::okay
idontsweatyou::Dont u have some dishes to do? JW
2010TL::Do people realize how much wasted energy is used up by hating someone. Save that $@%! for something positive. I hate negative people, and these boards just show how many negative people are in the world...
idontsweatyou::Chicago Bulls
Aicyla22::its really pathetic
idontsweatyou::Hi little boy
mintzerkj4eva::It must be sad not being able to root for your favorite team, so instead you have to spend time hating another team.  Sports should be about rooting for a team more than anyone else.
idontsweatyou::Dude i root for the CHICAGO BULLS, we have a better record than your Super Heat, so like i said, im just stating my opnion based off of what i see. If you people cant handle negative criticism because youre in love with a certain player, dont think that we have a bad team to root for because my team has a better record than yours. Sooo.....
draino25::the bulls have been irrelevant to the nba since michael left...at least the heat have a championship in this century.
draino25::where are you living?  all there is right now is the past, which says lebron teams dominate the bulls in the playoffs, until that changes you have nothing to fall back on
idontsweatyou::Here we go with last year again, do u live in the past or the present and future?
Aicyla22::good luck getting through the playoffs with your better record and you star all beat up
draino25::2 years straight you lost to lebron's team 4-1, maybe this year it can actually be a series...probably not though
mintzerkj4eva::if you didn't feel like you were a person I was referring too, why the paragraph in the response?
draino25::yeah had a better record last year in the pointless regular season, than once real basketball started what happened?  4-1 exit
brandonlee561heat22::Comical, as long as they are thinking about the Heat 24/7, thats fine with me.
mintzerkj4eva::everybody does.
dwolf81::The Heat are going to win it all and the Heat fans are very knowledgeable basketball fans.  75% of them are passing a certification test on fanified.com compared to 65% of Bulls fans.
jagsrule2007::that's pretty sad considering the answers for bulls fans has a 95% chance of being ML, scottie or phil
jagsrule2007::sorry, i'm trying to get more accurate typing with my johnson.
idontsweatyou::ML?
idontsweatyou::LOL
Eternal_Sage::one thing will never change, the haters continue to hate and fail.
idontsweatyou::No, actually the Heat FAIL. The haters keep winning HA
idontsweatyou::Not hating, just telling it how i see it
idontsweatyou::See u later little boy
idontsweatyou::If Lebron would play mad, he'd be the best player ever
Aicyla22::lol okay whatever you say buddy
2010TL::Sorry idontsweat, the haters are not winning at anything. Hatred is a sign of being miserable, so if you enjoy being miserable than by all means I guess you are winning.
idontsweatyou::He doesnt have it in em
2010TL::I noticed that too, especially with Wilbon, Magic, Berry, and the other guy. Honestly, I think Magic wants to see the beast in LeBron come out, and play like he hates all the other teams.
idontsweatyou::Why are u stalking me? Do u like me or something, sorry i dont like asian chics, i dont like women who have bodies like little boys
Eternal_Sage::It's one of the massive double standards i've seen from morons like skip bayless. WHEN MIAMI fails. OMG HORRIBLE HORRIBLE. yet when another team fails it's oh no big deal they're not the heat
Aicyla22::oh so now he's a psychic too.
brandonlee561heat22::Never, you know one or two things, or both are happening with this many haters, either they are good, or they are doing something right. In this case I would say both,.
idontsweatyou::Its nice to know that Heat fans are all quitters
mintzerkj4eva::still crying smh
Aicyla22::why you so angry?
Aicyla22::oh and you generalize too, you're multi talented!
idontsweatyou::Im not angry, i could careless what LBJ does, im bored at work and theres nothing better than arguing with a bunch of fair weather fans
brandonlee561heat22::PhilMNAP - Rockets don't deserve to make the playoffs with that flopper Scola on their team. - Funny you say that, Scola is an all first-team flopper! http://espn.go.com/blog/truehoop/post/_/id/39096/the-2012-all-flop-teams
mintzerkj4eva::Twitter: @butwearebetter :)
DOC 8404::Cleveland should blame their sorry $@% manager. To have the best player in the league for that many years and not build around him was pathetic. I'm sorry, but that was terrible managing.
idontsweatyou::Shutup!!! If Lebron was a man he would have stayed, he was successful at Cleveland, they made it to the finals and he played like cr-ap. He just wanted an excuse to leave Cleveland because hes a FAKE, he doesnt care about winning, he just wants people to worship him
An Actual Lemon::It wasn't Mo in 2007. It knida was but we had Shaq, a younger Jamison and Drew Gooden. Varejao is actually really good. Yeah having a week where he putts up games like 18 points and 18 rebounds and 20 points and 20 rebounds in the same week is just "average".
idontsweatyou::How many left their original team????
An Actual Lemon::Cause Chandler, Kidd and Terry are Pippen, Rodman or Gasol and Bynum worthy. Chandler was only good at defense (not so much now as you see on the knicks) Kidd was old AF and Terry only makes clutch three's. Dirk carried his whole team.
An Actual Lemon::I was just pointing a really good player from Chicago who if he didn't battle and injuries and played like he usually does, he would be in the MVP running with LeBron.
2010TL::How many greats had other great players on their team. Mostly all of them:  MJ - Pippen - Kerr - Rodman - Grant - and a slew of others Kobe - Shaq - Horrey - Fisher Dirk - Chandler - Kidd - Terry Kobe - Gasol - Bynum  I know not all of the players listed are 'great' players, but there are helluva role players who made a big difference. I am so sorry, but Verajo, Mo Williams, and those other names that I dont remember are not championship caliber players.
idontsweatyou::Hey Lemon, who said anything about Rose, of course hes not MVP worthy, hes missed like half the season
idontsweatyou::Im not bi-tch-ing!, im just stating my opinion like everyone else. I only see one bi-tc-h on here, and its not me.
An Actual Lemon::FACT; sarah palin can see russia from her house
idontsweatyou::They made it to the finals HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA, how was his team garbage??? How many all time greats of the past have left their original teams because they couldnt win a championship??
2010TL::First, you need to realize that it is your opinion that he quit, it's not a FACT. Here is a fact, Sarah Palin quit her job as the governor of Alaska, that is a FACT, not based on an opinion.
Aicyla22::lol! whats this real man nonsense. Do real men come on espn and bitch about someone they don't even know????
An Actual Lemon::Buddy you need to learn how to hate secretly without being vulgar, I know it's the Chicago rage and all, but I mean I'm sorry to say this but comparing the last two months its been Lebron&gt;D.Rose even though I have a D. Rose jersey and don't have a LeBron one but performance wise you know I'm right and that's why Lebron is MVP bound like it or not.
idontsweatyou::So he quits? Answer me a question, do real men quit, or do they keep going until they finally succeed???
mintzerkj4eva::all this crying, please
Aicyla22::if he's not a man what is he a woman?
brandonlee561heat22::He left Cleveland because he was tired of carrying the JV team up there.
An Actual Lemon::Umm you want to sign with our Salary cap?
