shaanamama::That 'a boy Teague!
Minnysota Vikings::<b></b>
dorucevic::How are the Pacers 9th in points allowed when you allow a guy like Korver who sank two threes in less than a minute your defense got to be worse than that.
accaring::KNICKS ARE THE BEST TEAM IN THE NBA 82-0
shaanamama::PSYCK! Its either the Heat or the Thunder.
Bears_Bulls_Soxs::Please! Can the Pacer fan who stated that the Bulls season will be laughable without Drose step forward?
gt1master_ike::Good lord, Hibbert has been trash this year. 9 PPG and 7.5 RPG with 42 percent shooting.  MAX CONTRACT!
Mr. Bradford::Outscored 24-9 in the fourth. Yea, that'll do it.
yellowdart24::I thought it would take 2 or 3 years but the Colts have already passed the Pacers back as the best pro team in Indy...
qwaqqerz::"The added size made little difference early as West had 12 points in the first quarter, but the Hawks finished with a 51-41 edge in rebounds."  Not sure why you had to add the West comment, as the Hawks' size adjustment DID make a big difference (51-41). West got hot, as he does, and is a beast who can score against anybody in the league, big or small.  Good team win for the new look Hawks.
rcthrillers1969::Using a system called sportsbettingstar for betting. You can find the system on google if you search for Sports Betting System. If you bet on sports this system is amazing.
Sterling8673::The Pacers haven't been the same since the glory days of Jamal Tinsley and Jonathan Bender teaming with Croshere and Foster and Primo Brevec.
dorucevic::Sterling8673 is RIGHT! If you watched Pacers long enough you will understand.They've got to be the most overrated team to go in the playoffs last year,barely beat Orlando without Howard.For me they are still 8th seed that barely sneaks into the playoffs like they did against the Bulls and nothing more.They did not get better other teams got worse!
MOB1979::Really? Last time I checked they went deep into the playoffs last year, something they never did with the nobody players you are talking about.
Milk Was A Bad Choice7::Really hoping Paul George will come in to his own this year. http://www.milkwasabadchoice.weebly.com
Milk Was A Bad Choice7::Granger being out may be a huge issue for the Pacers.
kevinholdren::MVTEAGUE!!!!
dasox104::pacers are going to miss the playoffs 9 seed at best
lboogie737::yeah, tennis sucks.
1337s0lja::Josh Smith has got to go. Hes not doing his job.
1337s0lja::I wish he would work the post a little more. If I was Larry Drew I would tell him if he shot one more jumper he was coming out.
erthing_atl3::o no. he's healing a bad ankle. don't worry to much
Kit Ramsey::Hey Hawk fans, don't get use to Korver playing like that every game, he's VERY inconsistant!!
erthing_atl3::he'll be alright. we not expecting him to put up 20 a night
atlphillip::10,684. Atlanta, this is unacceptable
qwaqqerz::Plenty of reasons...lots of unemployment (non-union state)...traffic sucks...downtown sucks to navigate one-way streets and stupid traffic cops...nobody who lives downtown has any money...nobody who doesn't live downtown wants to go downtown...nobody wants those crappy skyscraper upper level $6 tickets...$6 cokes...panhandlers...HDTV at home...plenty of reasons, lol.
erthing_atl3::we have alot people here thats really from somewhere else but moved here for other reasons. and alot of people football fans
atlphillip::and 10000 will be rooting for Miami. I don't get this city
erthing_atl3::5000 of that 10000 gone be actually from atlanta. born and raised
erthing_atl3::i know right. they have $6 tickets. and they will have 20,000 friday, look who they play miami heat check
atlphillip::had over 18,000 friday I'm sure they will this friday too. but the weekday games need to step up. tickets are so cheap for them too
erthing_atl3::WOW highly unacceptable. us atl fans gotta do better
atlphillip::yea thats the box score attendance, so it was probably less
erthing_atl3::thats how many fans showed up to the game tonight?
Kit Ramsey::Pacers SUCK, LMAO!
Falconsfan0125_v2::24-9 in the 4th quarter. Awesome!
erthing_atl3::DEFENSE
BiggestHandsomeHoosier_Colts_STLCards_Pacers::At least we have the Colts.  Who would have thought we would be saying that on Nov. 7th?
MOB1979::Falcons are a great team until they implode in the playoffs.
erthing_atl3::AT LEAST WE HAVE THE FALCONS
masterjoe712::Colts kind of remind me of the Pacers last year, but they actually have a star player
BiggestHandsomeHoosier_Colts_STLCards_Pacers::Andy Luck for Prez
Falconsfan0125_v2::The might get a W/C spot. The AFC sucks.
BiggestHandsomeHoosier_Colts_STLCards_Pacers::They will make the playoffs, and they beat the Packers
lboogie737::Later players.  -Current local park hoops superstar
Falconsfan0125_v2::Good win for the Hawks! This season is more exciting than the previous ones, even if we dont make the playoffs.
1337s0lja::We will be in playoffs this year. We have some underrated players on this team. Danny Ferry is a genius when it comes to selecting consistent scorers.  Ex spurs GM.
erthing_atl3::THEY GOING TO PLAYOFFS
Robdee999::What happened to Paul tonight ? And why are we out rebounded by 10 ? Why is Lance Stephenson getting 28 mins. He shouldn't be getting more mins then T. Hans....
Kit Ramsey::Should have kept Collison, ha,ha,ha, dopes.
matthupfer::whynot? ty hasnt proven anything and lance hasnt had a chance yet... it take more than 5 games
erthing_atl3::B. HANS. NEED TO PLAY THATS THE PROBLEM
Rexanilatorz::If only Granger was healthy we would be 4-1 this year with the only loss to the Spurs
Kit Ramsey::And if D.Rose was healthy the Bulls would be undefeated.
masterjoe712::Agree I still remember how disastrous that game 5 was in Miami when he hurt his ankle and how the team fell apart
Rexanilatorz::well at least the Lakers suck this year and have won less games than us!!!
Haris7781::Damn if Reggie came out of retirement today he would be the BEST player on this Pacers team.Bunch of scrubs on the team with fat paychecks.I wouldnt give them to bag groceries period
Haris7781::Its TRUE but its a shame.Pacers did not get any better by having these young guys on the roster,the other teams got worse thats what...Basketball got weak! 36 year old Tim Duncan is your best center in the League today not Dwight Howard
Kit Ramsey::Agree.
lboogie737::Miss.
erthing_atl3::WIDE LEFT
Denis2224::One of the extra Utah big men would look good in a Pacers uniform. Maybe Tyreke Evans,  Haha. Just kidding. No need for an overreaction.
erthing_atl3::HAWKS GETTING PAUL GEORGE
lboogie737::Will take him. +$$$$
Area55andG2::If the next game goes anything like the preseason games against minnesota, expect orlando johnson and ben hansbrough to be putting in alot of minutes
lboogie737::Ben is solid.
hoops 112hoping::LOL i can just imagine 8pts 9 seconds grades for this game. Hill: B+  George: C Green: C West: A- Hibbert: F
masterjoe712::Pacers should trade West he is an expiring contract
matthupfer::idiot
masterjoe712::Paul George's play has definitely been the most affected by Grangers absence
Kit Ramsey::George is overrated, every sense his rookie year, he's been mediocre at best.
lboogie737::*Pacers play.
Rexanilatorz::We got @Minnesotta(without Kevin Love and Ricky Rubio), and the Wizards(without John Wall)  and Raptors(probably without Kyle lowry) at home the next 3 games all 3 of those games we should win hopefully that will fix our offense and turnover issues and give this team some confidence moving forward
jogle064::T Wolves gunna beat that @$$
Kat Nation::ready to take that a.ss down
phal3123::At the very least, you'd expect Frank Vogel to have a play ready for an open three. Come on Frank.
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::I don't understand why multiple shots weren't put up.
Area55andG2::Frank's idea looks to me like an iso behind the 3 point line
lboogie737::Or benched Lance.
lboogie737::Should of played Lil HansBee.
Rexanilatorz::I think Bulls gonna win the Central Division now :(
Kit Ramsey::What do u mean think? They were gonna win it anyway.
Rexanilatorz::We looked great the first 3 quarters and then the final quarter completely forgot how to play basketball
erthing_atl3::HAWKS DEFENSE STOOD STRONG
erthing_atl3::AND 3'S
erthing_atl3::NOPE. GOOD D SON
kmnacke::how long you going to keep saying that?  The pacers fell apart and the hawks hit 3's.  Nothing to do with the hawks D and everything to do with awful center play
tillytaco::one thing is for sure, this hawks team has proven that it can be in any game with it's shooters, going to be a dangerous team.
erthing_atl3::VERY TRU TILLY
tillytaco::if the D can solidify and not allow another Harden game and lock down on Rebounding look out Miami...
erthing_atl3::VERY DANGEROUS
erthing_atl3::9 PTS LMAO!!!
erthing_atl3::JUS LIKE THIS... 9 PTS LMAO!!!!!!!!!!
BiggestHandsomeHoosier_Colts_STLCards_Pacers::how dare you!
Rexanilatorz::Hibbert gonna start getting Booed by the fans and he isn't gonna like it
Rexanilatorz::including Area 55
BiggestHandsomeHoosier_Colts_STLCards_Pacers::lol....they can't boo him....he pays for their tix!
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::Roy Hibbert should take less time doing Gangnam style practice, and actually learning and practicing how to play basketball better.
phal3123::Someone fill Roy's prozac prescription he'll be mentally short for the next few weeks trying to cope
erthing_atl3::hawks defense stood strong in the 4th.
Area55andG2::The one thing Roy has been able to do consistently is stay healthy, so we should appreciate that.
hoops 112hoping::woah guys wait a sec here. Look at the celtics, they just went to overtime with the wizards, and if they lose that game, they're 1-3 even worse than the pacers 2-3. Boston is pretty much fully healthy compared to the pacers who have granger out. The fact is, without injuries and with chemistry, these two and chicago and miami are the 4 best teams in the East, and slow starts are slow starts not an 82 game season
BiggestHandsomeHoosier_Colts_STLCards_Pacers::Pacers are about the 6th or 7th best team in the east right now.....maybe worse
erthing_atl3::WORSE. STILL LIKE PAUL GEORGE THO
prisoner of academia::the hawks were down 10 when i went to when I turned what happen
BiggestHandsomeHoosier_Colts_STLCards_Pacers::Pacers choked....Korver got hot
prisoner of academia::hot sauce ftw
matthupfer::lol pacers suck d
Area55andG2::you have the magic as one of your favorite teams, brah
kmnacke::Their D isn't the problem,  Hibbert putting up single digits is the problem
BiggestHandsomeHoosier_Colts_STLCards_Pacers::WE HATE YOU MATT.  YOU HAVE NO HOOSIER PRIDE
Area55andG2::go bandwagon the magic
matthupfer::i hate the magic? lol and im a season tix holder for the pacers. the truth hurts sometimes though
BiggestHandsomeHoosier_Colts_STLCards_Pacers::I don't even care about the loss right now.  I'm over it.  What's really bothering me is why to Minnesota fans have pictures of cats as their avatar.  I'm totally mind blown at this point.
Rexanilatorz::I wonder if we could trade Roy Hibbert for the worst center ever right now? probably couldn't
Rexanilatorz::Roy looks like he got his paycheck and now he doesn't have to play hard anymore its so disappointing..I hope Area 55 boos him
Area55andG2::Circle the day on your calenders for when Granger comes back, because it is a big deal
phal3123::Frank Vogel's confused face is classic. Always has it after one of the pacers terrible offensive possessions (which is the entire game)  Mouth wide open, one eye bigger than the other, head slightly tilted.  Somebody please tell me they notice this
lboogie737::I was checkin the cheerleaders.
roy hibbert grand ol kisser::i hate this team except for d west rite now. i am ashamed of the way the rest of the team has played
Area55andG2::with the exeption of George Hill
phal3123::D West and George Hill should receive the entirety of Roy Hibberts first check
