Denzel7587::Insights from the analysis of NBA stats this season:  Harden is an ELITE SCORER, Top 5 in the NBA (together with Carmelo, Durant, Kobe, and Lebron). High scoring efficiency (total points/total minutes played) at No. 5 out of 503 NBA players.   Asik is an ELITE REBOUNDER (Upper 3% of 503 NBA players) at No. 12/503  Other Rockets' scoring efficiency: Parsons (147/503) , Delfino (150/503), Lin (187/503), Asik 277/503, Beaverly (309/503).   Lin has a higher assist efficiency (number of assists divided by total minutes played) than Harden. He's at No. 37 out of 503 NBA players. Harden is at 69/503. Beaverly, however, is more efficient than Lin at 33/503. His downside: he has much lower scoring efficiency than Lin.   Lin is a good stealer at 33/503, Harden at 57/503. Beaverly is better than Lin and Harden in this aspect of the game at 21/503.  Harden and Lin are turn-over prone at 36/503 and 54/503. Beaverly very good at keeping the ball at 163/503  The strengths of Beaverly: higher assist and stealing efficiency than Harden and Lin; less turnover prone than Harden and Lin. Downside is low scoring efficiency is 309/503 than Lin (187/503).   Lessons: give harden more opportunities to score; distribute such opportunities to Parsons, Donatas, and Delfino and when he has a good game to Lin  -Give the PG handling duties to Lin and Beaverly. Either Lin or Beaverly playing, the Rockets are in good hands if these two PGs are given the freehand to serve as lead playmakers and in dishing assists. Harden as PG=questionable really and such takes away his edge as an elite scorer. Lin and Beaverly are less efficient in assisting when Harden usurps the PG role. Lin and Beaverly should however not dominate the scoring opportunities are they not excellent shooters like Harden.
Denzel7587::A good line up for the Rockets  Harden  Parsons Asik Lin Motiejunas
Denzel7587::I think Morrey made an error in acquiring Thomas Robinson and trading away Toney Douglass, Patrick Patterson and Marcus Morris. If we use a scoring efficiency measure that divides a player's number of total points and total minutes so far played this season, you could see much error in Morey's judgment. Check ranking of these players:   Total minutes played/total of minutes played this season  Harden at No. 5/503 (indeed, Harden is an elite scorer considering that the Top four spots are Carmelo Anthony (1/503), Kevin Durant (2/503), Kobe Bryant (3/503), and Lebron James (4/503)  Donas Motiejunas at 26/503; Parsons at 147/503, Delfino 150/503, Lin 187/503, Asik 277/503, Beaverly at 309/503.   Thomas Robinsons at 397/503 compared to Marcus Morris (94/503), Patterson (115/503), and Toney Douglas (129/503). --Imagine trading away those 3 players who were more efficient than Parsons and Lin, with Thomas Robinsons (397/503). I don't know how bright are Morey, McHale and the coaching staff but I think they made an error in acquiring Robinsons.
Denzel7587::The statistical measure I'm using is really simple, but perhaps Morey's advanced analytics could better tell a player's potential than this measure. I could however say that it's fairly accurate having correctly identified the league's best shooters. I would rather have a bench that can step-up in scoring when needed.
lyang912::If the Rockets 2,3,4 don't rebound better, then even bad teams can beat them if they keep giving them second chance points.
Ismael0627::Oh my goodness, they should have won this game..... Too many turnovers committed here
19Houston75::I said this last night, and I'll say it again today, The Patrick Beverly experiment should be over. That's 3 games in a row where he has failed to score a single point in an offense that Asik averages 10ppg. His reluctance to take the open shot was very evident the past two games. Arron Brooks should be the backup, and the second man off the bench after Delfino.
Denzel7587::If you compare the assists efficiency (assist per minute played=total assists/total minutes played), Machado (where is he?) is the most efficient:  Machado at No. 4 of 503 NBA players Beaverly at 33/503 Lin at 37/503 Harden at 69/503 Parsons at 145/503 Asik at 421/503  Machado is a turnover machine if you divide the number of total turnovers/total he played. He ranks No. 2/503 NBA players while Harden (36/503), Lin (54/503). Beaverly is much better at not turning the ball over ranked at 163/503.   Lin is a better package than Beaverly, however, because Lin can score better than Beaverly. Thus, in terms of scoring efficiency (total points/total minutes played), you an really elite Harden at 6/503, Parsons at 147/503, Delfino 150/503, Lin at 187/503, Asik 277/503, Beaverly at 309/503. I'd rather play a PG who can score better and has a respectable assists efficiency (better than Harden by the way).
cjtnaz::Great.  Not only do the Suns hurt their cause for a better lottery pick, they also help the Lakers by beating the Rockets, who the lakers need to pass for a spot in the playoffs.  Note to Suns...You do understand you get a lottery pick if the Lakers miss the playoffs, right?
michael46293::i hate it when the rockets play delfino at the 4 at the end of the game. its fine any other time but not at end of game. They need to put both 7 footers in in closing lineup
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::im sick of how streaky rockets shooters are in the middle of the game and then they get hot at the end when its not needed as much.  but thats what defense does, it stops offense.
NewAges::T-Rob trade was a bad move. We decimated the bench for T-rob....Rocket bench use to save the starter when they have night off game. Now Rockets do not have that luxury any more.
fred3857::Even Marcus Mmoris can be a starter in Suns and get 9 pts 4 rebs 3 steals in 24 mins while T-Rob and Bevery both 0 pts.
NewAges::So why trade an established player like Patterson for T-Rob? Your logic do not make any sense.
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::if Trob was a bad move then so was # 1 pick Anthony Johnson on the hornets.  what has he done?  nothing!!  it takes time to develop ever since the drafts turned out average joes in the mid 2000s where there are no true "lottery" or Top 5 picks!!  get it right!!!!!!!!!!
lyang912::You mean Anthony Davis? Are you watching the same NBA I am?
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::cole aldridge and toney douglas sucked!!  aldridge was the worst!! if that is what you call a bench then good riddance!! :)
NewAges::Rockets should trade Lin for SG and let Harden play PG....The both guards need the ball in their hands to be effective and  it is not working for Rockets
klew911::Where are my Rocket fans who proclaimed Morey a genius, especially after the Robinson deal.  He got lucky with the Harden deal because OKC did not want to pay him and nobody else had the assets to trade for Harden.  Aside from that, all he's done is nothing.  Unless you count overtrading.  The Scola move made no sense as Scola was a relative bargain for $7 million.  Overpaying Lin.  Royce White.  The few 6' 9" power forward who can actually play are quickly traded for 6'9" guys who can't play.
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::T-Rob is a rookie.. if Trob was a bad move, so was #1 pick Anthony Johnson who has done zilch, zero, zip, nada, niet so far!!
NewAges::Agreed ...T-Rob trade was a bad move....Rocket bench use to save the starter when they have night off game. Now Rockets do not have that luxury any more.
klew911::The Robinson move was a bad move.  It's basketball, not brain surgery.  Robinson is not even showing promise.  The Lin signing was similar to the Hawks resigning Joe Johnson.  In other words they felt they had to make some type of splash.  I'm not bad-mouthing the team, just saying some of these dumb a.s.s Rocket fans need to quit with the Morey genius talk.  He's not done anything to merit that lable.  Save that for Jerry West.  Dumars turned a bottom-feeder Piston team into a champion in the same time Morey has had with the Rockets, and we see where the Pistons are now.
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::Harden was all he needed to be a genius.  Scola made sense if you consider Scola sucks!!!!!! Lin is a genius like Morey so that made sense (to him I guess)  T-Rob is more athletic then both Morris and Patterson and is only a rookie...the reason we lost is DMO had a bad game and when he has a bad game, it makes his moves look worse then they are.
klew911::They played the Suns, not the Thunder.  One or two players having bad games should not mean they loose to the Suns.  A team will always have some players who have bad games.  Stop making excuses.
NoonGame::I'm with you and give them a pass...these guys haven't had 1 full season playing together yet. Neither one of them play a full season as a starter yet...but they are still in the playoff hunt...I guess morey and rox are not doing so bad after all...
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::good loss :)
Dawan208::Why does everyone want to compare Lin to other point guards.   Everyone says Dragic is better than Lin, but Dragic been playing professional ball for seven years.  Lin only 3 years and 1 year as a starter.  Let's see how he is in 6 years from now.
cityhunter4::The stats don't lie.  Harden might enjoy being the PG and he does make good passes sometimes and have high assist numbers for a SG, but he's not a natural PG, he never was.  The high turnover numbers (3.7 per game) shows that.  As a scorer he should focus on just that, scoring.  Let Lin set the table for the whole team.  Harden should contempt to be the "second-option PG" which means he let's Lin set the table, gets the ball, and then if he can't score then he looks to shake-n-bake some good passes to setup his teammates.  This PG-by-committee (Lin, Harden, Parsons, Delfino can all bring the ball up) is not working.  It doesn't get the players comfortable in their set roles.  Parsons and Delfino should focus on being three-point threats, Harden the all-around scorer, and Lin the table-setter.  This PG-by-committee makes everyone confuse and do things that they are not naturally comfortable with.  Harden is a good ball handling SG, but trying to make him a PG made him turnover prone.  By limiting Lin being the primary PG you take away what he does best, setup for his teammates.  Parsons and Delfino taking the ball up make them less of an asset to spot up and spread the defense.  Come on you idiot coaches, surely you guys have to see this already.
fred3857::When the ball was on Lin's hand,the movement looks good;while on Harden's,ball stop and we saw a boring  iso show and inefficient offense usually with subsegquent TO.
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::uh huh
mrobinson1126::THANK YOU! Its like half of Houston fans can see how to coach this team except the coach himself, $@%!!
Khun4295::<a>Lin he will be useless in this team end......</a>
cityhunter4::Games Harden had 5 turnovers or more: 22; season average 3.7  Games Lin had 5 turnovers or more: 9; season average 2.9  Yeah, Lin is the one with turnover problems, Harden is demi-god.
19Houston75::Harden is averaging far fewer TO/possession. He's also playing 7 more minutes per game. The man didn't even sit down in the second half. He gets doubled and tripled constantly. If they opposition played the same D on Lin, you could bet your life that Lin would have double the TO/game he has now. Harden is the offense. He can shoot, Lin cannot. By that virtue alone, it takes 3 defenders to slow him down, It takes but 1 to stop Lin.
cityhunter4::To try to make Lin a spot up shooter doesn't work.  The same way the Rox foolish tried to make Scottie Pippen spot up shooter and that bombed.  Some players you need to give them freedom to roam around and score off drives.  Lin was NEVER a shooter, to try to make him a shooter is stupid.  During Linsanity it's about having the ball, driving to the rim, drive and pop, timely open threes, etc.  Now Rox want to make Lin a spot up shooter and wonders why he doesn't hit more than 50% of them, duh
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::INSTEAD OF PASSING THE ROCK, HARDEN IS CRASHING INTO DEFENDERS HOPING HE GETS TO THE FT LINE, RESULTING IN MOST TURNOVERS.  STOP TRYING TO MAKE IT SEEM LIKE HARDEN DIDN'T HAVE A CHOICE CAUSE HE COULD HAVE EASILY AVOID THE TURNOVERS BY PASSING THE DAMN BALL;)
KeriTheCreoleTexan::Uh, Harden has the ball in his hands more, so it's only natural. Stop trying to turn this into Harden vs Lin. You sound foolish.
cityhunter4::I am not making it Harden vs. Lin, if you read it that way then you are the foolish one.  I am making a point that people keep killing Lin for being "turnover prone", and he is the turnover problem on team Rox when in reality Lin is not the problem.  STRICTLY SPEAKING ON THE PROBLEM OF TURNOVERS, you can see that Harden is the main culprit on this team, and yet his name is NEVER mention as a player that needs to cut down on his turnovers.  By the way, how come nobody come to Lin's defense that as long as he produces and ball in his hands it's "natural" to have high turnovers?  Anyone excuse Lin like that?  Nope.  Instead we get this garbage from McHale: "Lin wants to score 29 but make 9 turnovers and I keep trying to tell him that we are trying to win games here."  Why doesn't McHale send the same message to Harden, through national public media?
cityhunter4::It's all perception.  Turnovers is one of those stats you used only to kill players you don't like.  Harden has a ton of games when he has 8 turnovers or more, that's ridiculous for any NBA player, but since he's Harden and he scored 38 for us, so it's ok, it gets ignored, it gets excused, blah blah.  Lin, on the other hand, has been ruined by ESPN and their constant pounding of him being a "turnover machine" during Linsanity.  It's so funny.  Any scorer that averages 25 PPG 9 APG for 10 games doesn't get scrutinized the way Lin gets, and I think ESPN pretty much implanted the image that Lin is "turnover machine" to the rest of the NBA nation.  So it doesn't really matter what Lin does, he can be the person that scores 38 but with 8 turnovers the press/fans/McHale will kill him.  Remember the Spurs game without Harden that Lin scored 38, but a costly late turnover was highlighted for the reason why the Rox lost a close one.  Nobody talked about how Lin is the only reason the Rox had a chance to win that game with his 38 points.
cityhunter4::Funny how Lin scored 38 points against the Spurs without Harden and after the lost foolish Rox fans killed Lin for costly turnovers.  Stop the double standards.  No one hates Harden here, I am only making a point.
KeriTheCreoleTexan::Oh, kinda like Harden was the only reason the rockets were in that game last night?
HERMAN CAIN IS THE FIRST REAL BLACK PRESIDENT::HARDEN'S TURNOVERS KILLED THE ROCKETS;)
fred3857::When Harden had more than 5 TO,Rox often lost game bcs it implied Harden handled the ball too long that made the ball movement slow.
EL_ABALLARDE::Haddadi, for real???
FORKWDEVIL::Actually PHX getting rid of Amare was a good move. What a waist of money and talent.
vonsteve6868::Blew a great opportunity there, Rockets. Credit to the Suns on a good win. Oh, well. At least the damage in the standings was negligible.
NewAges::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dDXUzItfj7o Rockets vs Thunders
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::I just want to say how good Dragic was. Until he hurt his butt from JR.Smith.
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmol7tEr_hs Dragic in houston
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::Lin did play the pg. I think he will be good, but when he played it tonight he turned it over missed a jump shot badly.
FORKWDEVIL::I am posting video of James Harden on my facebook. Glad James played well but kinda sad my Suns won..  I was torn tonight.  I love our Suns dancers :)
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::Pj Tucker is a great defender, but Harden owned him tonight.
NewAges::The Rocket players all look tired after the dog fight with the Warriors. Everyone had off night except Harden and Delfino...
xxXSmOkIn_KuSh24Xxx::Here come the Lakers
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::DRAGIC ACTUALL HAS LESS LOOKS. HES IN THE SUNS REBUILDING SO KENDALL WILL GET MORE LOOKS. ALL THE GAMES LIN WENT 2/8 AND SAT DURING THE 4TH QTR ROCKETS COULD PROBABLY HAVE THE 4TH SEED. ALSO DRAGIC HAS NO LANE TO THE BASKET BECAUSE OF NO TRUE SLASHER LIN GETS THE ADVANTAGE OF HARDEN GETTING DOUBLED. IM NOT SURPRISED DRAGIC IS BETTER BALL HANDLER, PASSER, AND MID RANGE SHOOTER. IF YOUR A REAL ROCKETS FAN AND WATCHED HIM LAST YEAR YOU WOULD KNOW.
NewAges::You should watch this when Lin allow to play his game as PG  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fmEkTIrHw2k
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::Also look at Dragics stats when hes playing in important meaningful games. Dragic has had less chances for intensity as well. Lin is average but he cant drive to the basket like Dragic because hes not that great of a ball handler.
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::Dragic has had a 16 assists and 18 assists game. Also Dragic has had several through the leg passes. Kendall Marshall has great court vision as well.
NewAges::His career assist only 4.0
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::Add this years he will be in the 5s. Dragic was young and was hardly playing early in his career in phoenix.
rm90025::There are 3 more games for the Lin v. Dragic comparison.  Tonight, Dragic had a very good 4th quarter and eclipsed Lin.  However, if you look at the overall season, the stats are quite similar, which leads to the conclusion that Lin is the more efficient and better player because Lin has a lower usage rate, takes fewer shots, plays fewer minutes, yet has similar numbers and has made a notable impact in several Houston victories.  Lin has to pick and choose his spots because he plays alongside a dominant 2 guard and is one of the few starting PGs that has to make such an adjustment.  He also plays for McHale, who often relegates the PG to moving the ball around the 3 point line.
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::DRAGIC ACTUALL HAS LESS LOOKS. HES IN THE SUNS REBUILDING SO KENDALL WILL GET MORE LOOKS. ALL THE GAMES LIN WENT 2/8 AND SAT DURING THE 4TH QTR ROCKETS COULD PROBABLY HAVE THE 4TH SEED. ALSO DRAGIC HAS NO LANE TO THE BASKET BECAUSE OF NO TRUE SLASHER LIN GETS THE ADVANTAGE OF HARDEN GETTING DOUBLED. IM NOT SURPRISED DRAGIC IS BETTER BALL HANDLER, PASSER, AND MID RANGE SHOOTER. IF YOUR A REAL ROCKETS FAN AND WATCHED HIM LAST YEAR YOU WOULD KNOW.
setrue::Agree with your analysis.
NewAges::Beverey had 0 points in the past 3 games....wonder why coach McHale still keeps him in the lineup...
xcrunner0::hahaha
LALakersboy24.7::*keep's
vonsteve6868::no, keeps.
NewAges::Dragic is fast and can attack the basket but he doesn't have court vision, passing like Lin. Sometime, Lin can play super star level when he allow to play his game but he has issue with consistency. I am not sure why. He can be a super star one day then off next day. Consistency and jump shot are the two issues that Lin need to work on. Give him couple years and see if he can improve then we can give him a judment
CamOverRG3::Harden was lighting up P.J. Tucker out there.
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::Lin does not have more potential. Also Harden kept your as.ses in the game. Hardens To's dont matter. I love Harden because he went to Asu and hes a stud.
setrue::Right, if Lin had 8 TO, you be all over his A.ss.
wilhenderso 6::LOL TO's dont matter.
woopzzzz::harden with 8 turnovers cost us the game
Dawan208::And Lin not having a jump shot.  He needs to get back in the gym.   Maybe Parsons can give him some pointers.
KeriTheCreoleTexan::Yeah, okay.
slick0816::The Laker ascension has begun as prophesied by Lord Kobe. So let it be declared!
FORKWDEVIL::I am sold on Lin! Watching him live is way better. Harden=same scenario.
robertjasoncross::nope
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::Dragic is better.
woopzzzz::jlin has more upside and potential
blacbird3::What's the deal with golden state fading so rapidly?
FORKWDEVIL::I wore my ASU shirt, ASU hat and James Harden gave me a smiling glare right before halftime.
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::Were you the guy with the Fork tatoo?
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::In section 110-111?
FORKWDEVIL::NO but I was all maroon.
Doanface::Why are the Suns winning? They need to LOSE
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::Lin would be better with the ball in his hands. Dragic would be better with Harden to take some pressure of Dragic.
FORKWDEVIL::Just got home. Did you guys see those two Suns fans for the pregame? That was me. :)
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::Were you in line to get Hardens auto?
FORKWDEVIL::NO. I will share a picture of  me and Brock Osweiler :) He was cool. I sat right behind him
minifarmgirl12::great game, 2 pt game like i thought,and my bucks won
sponsoredbytwinkie::so what do the Rockets think about the trade now? I think Patterson and Morris are good for 3 points
vonsteve6868::Brilliant trade.
NewAges::Both Lin and Harden can drive to the basket....they need more reliable jump shot shooter and 3-point shooter
NewAges::Rockets made a bad move to trade Patterson for t-rob
vonsteve6868::Incorrect.
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::? Idiot LOFS. Marcus is a good role player with deph and patterson would of been a great sixth man. You could clear some space with Aldrich.
FORKWDEVIL::I was on TV LOL
sponsoredbytwinkie::I was more trying to see what Rockets fans thought of it
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::Dragic was dishing the ball he backed out and dished. Whats wrong with that? Jesus LOFS watch a game Dragic had no center he would of had 6 or 7 assists if Scola could make a damm shot.
NewAges::Lin was double all night.....Dragic was never double
NewAges::Lin had 4/9 Dragic 6/13 and 6/8 FT   Both had similar percentage....except Lin does not play PG all night
NewAges::Did you watch the game?
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::Yea Lin is as.s he airballed a open 3 again.
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::Lol wtf it was the gameplan to double harden and let lin shoot said Lindsey Hunter.
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::What Dragic has no one else hes the only one on the team that can slash. He had more points than lin. The first shot of the game Harden got doubled and Lin had a open jumper and lane. Lin was doing the same thing.
scoopjackson_21::How in the hell did the suns win?
El_Chapo_Guzman::VIVA LOS LAKERS!!
Ilovechicken2::The 6th-8th spot is up for grab!
