Ron W::Another game where Steven Adams is way in the plus column (+10) and Perkins way in the negative (-16) column.  Many people wonder why OKC gets off to slow starts, well there is your answer.  If Scott Brooks would start Adams over Perkins, problem would be solved.  When Perkins is in the game, it's like OKC is playing with four players against five.  Nobody even acknowledges he is even on the court.  They leave him wide open knowing he can't hit the broad side of a barn.  If he's thrown a pass, the ball bounces off his hands like there made of stone.  The rare times he gets an offensive rebound, I could watch a full episode of 60 minutes before he goes back up with the basketball to lay it in (by then the defense has recovered and usually blocks his shot).  Perkins really needs to go.  Start Adams and use Collison as his backup.  Jones should be the top backup for Ibaka so he can continue to improve his game like Lamb.
Wayne::Trade Jimmer.  What a waste of pure shooting talent.  I refuse to watch games anymore until he starts playing significant minutes, and dnp - coache's decision is not significant.  I'll just check the box scores and shake my head while the Kings' pile up the losses.
Amir::I am Wizards fan , but i would be very unhappy and would be sportive injustice (like Malone/Stockton) if i don't see OKC. win a title in next 2-3 years. Durant is player i never regret watching at late time from Europe .
Pasha::Kings are going to have a great future. Some people say no their 4-12 but we have the strongest schedule, its not easy playing clips 3 times, warriors 2 times just by those two teams and it was mostly down to the wire. When you watch the Kings and see that they give effort to get really close, yes the W counts but its all a progress. Great game by both teams.
Jer::Isaiah and Nate Robinson prove night after night that it's not the size of the dog in the fight but the size of the fight in the dog. These guys are pit bulls on the court. Well, actually, they're Huskies. ;)
Eric C::I like the way the Thunder are progressing so far this year. Our bench has come up big in some tight games.  And because they are so young there only going to get better. We have some tough games ahead. As long as were not looking ahead we should win big tonight.
Steven McCormick::Isiaiah Thoma is certainly having a good game.
000::kings need to start it2. so much a better player then Vasquez. this coach is the feels like the same from last year. they need to get a real coach. maybe denvers x coach
Tony Anthony::That last steal was a clear foul. Why the no-call?
Steven McCormick::The Thunder must  be getting kind of tired . . . their best players are on the floor and they're only leading by 6?
