godsent224::I'm here to chat without trolls
oh ok 28::the knicks need kmart badly and hurt thomas to be decent white shouldn't start even though stats liability on d he should possibly start but  minutes are a problem for stat so a healthy kmart who can hopefully be somewhat productive off the bench and maybe if kurt can give us anything would help make this team more successful
Izzydoesitagain::If the rockets don't sign Brooks knicks should try, but if they do man oh man it will not look look good for Jlin, I can actually see Jlin fans blaming it all on harden and mchale.
chrisausten1203::I don't understand why Woodson does not start JR? Any particular reason that JR has to be the 6th man?
Izzydoesitagain::to many reasons to even list.
Nayrock10::Super Bowl NFL 11-11-93 if your not a knicks fan then why are you here?
pfcsnow7::knicks heat sunday. do i want the win absolutely. now do we need the win not necessarily weve already pwned them 2xs in each area, i dont see that happening again (being realistic) but we still have a good shot at winning this gm. and if we do im sure miami/bk fans will find some kinda excuse on y the knicks ended a 13 gm win streak lol
SweetDaddy42::Miami has a 6.5 game lead in the Eastern conference. This game is infinitely more important to the Knicks than the Heat.
Super Bowl NFL 11-11-93::Heat will win 300-0
Super Bowl NFL 11-11-93::Biggest ball hogs in the NBA:  1. Carsmello Anthobrick 2. Kobrick Bryant 3. Russell Westbrick
BigPhilly516::All I see here is dumb nicknames for 3 elite players.
flag_me_if_you_can::clown
SRQisLegend::This Sunday is a TURNING POINT game for the Knicks!
Super Bowl NFL 11-11-93::To get schooled by D-Wade, LeBron and co.
Nayrock10::Really hope we get the big W Sunday
SmokeyNYY::go knicks!
smokeysaj::Jason Kidd has always been a horrible shooter, but you keep him on the court for other reasons.
jetzyy::I wonder if Jason kidd's 3 pointers fall in practice at least?? I am having my doubts about it though. He is in a vicious cycle of not having confidence to shoot and still chucking them to try to break the ice. So sad to watch.
Ontario925::The Eastern Conference just the Heat &amp; Pacers this year forget the rest. The Bulls cannot win it without Rose.
Titans_ are_ Oilers::i like cheese
gary wheatley::tell you what prigioni, the late game on ESPN was a good one.  Nuggets beat the Thunder by 2 points on Lawsons jump shot with 2 tenths of a sec left.  Wilson Chandler had 35 points tonight
Prigioni4MVP::Knick have proven themselves to be the best team in the NBA tonight.
whatsdoing::damn.... Knicks couldn't pick up aaron brooks?  priggy needs to get a handshake and a one-way plane ticket.
Tiamatt14::I like how a lot of people were telling the knicks to sign Martin all season long, and when they finally do he doesn't play a single second.
Victor6229::Lmao you know nothing about basketball. Dont post anymore please
whatsdoing::dude has to get in game shape guy.... hard to do without many practices.
whatsdoing::exactly..... watching the game (even in a win) it is clear that the Knicks margin for error is small no matter who they play.  you cant afford to take a possible loss playing a guy who aint ready.  that dont make sense.
Antsea91::Obviously he has to stay on the bench if he isn't in game shape... a few practices under the belt and he'll be ready to give a few
Tiamatt14::Harder to do sitting on a bench all night long.
OmniVersal::Knicks!
diziboi::the heats wins 13 straight playing at their best  it will be a big test for the knicks hope we win that game lets go knicks!!!
TheBrownestBob::I really hope Beal and Waiters finish 1 and 2 in rookie of the year voting.  I'm a Cavs fan, but both Waiters and Beal have clearly been the best rookies this year.  What Lillard has done isn't that impressive considering he was averaging over 40 minutes a game for a stretch and is playing 38 a game on the year, while shooting 41% from the floor.  Beal and Waiters FG% should pass Lillard's by year's end. I just hope people realize that per minute, Beal and Waiters have been better in the second half of the year and they don't just look at PPG and minutes and say "doooohhh, ROY!".
kmoe332::Have to disagree. To say they have clearly been the best rookies is pretty foolish. Its Lillard right now and its him by a decent margin. If they just look at PPG and minutes they are going to say ROY, and if they look at ppg, minutes, rebounds, assists, fg%, wins they are still going to say doooohhh ROY. He also plays the hardest position in the league, and is asked to run his team as a pg.
Ambitious Vicious Champion::"My jew-we-wels, blue and yellow, the kind of ish that makes them call you Carmelo"  -Lil Wayne
danmirabile1994::People here hating on Melo lmfao
HectorPablo.Ortiz@gmail.com::Haters gonna hate.
YogaBeer::DAGGER!   *how many times was that quoted tonight?
colaroaster::[b]y[b]
Alabamian666::Melo is a team killer, always was and always will be. you have no chance when all a player is thinking about is shooting.
dmdpro::how can you call someone a team killer when this is only his 2nd team hes been on and they 2nd in the east? and when he joined denver they were a lottery team that how they got him in the first place
Dino__Spumoni::yeah he really killed Syracuse in 03'      and when he took Denver to the Conference Finals in the WEST,  and when he took them to the playoffs 9 times  after they hadnt been in 10+ years,   really killed em'
Antsea91::Agree with syracuse but come on chauncey took denver to the conference finals. Before him the nuggetsnever made it out of the first round with melo.
ammizny::Wrong.  He was when he was on Denver because he never had enough talent around him.  He struggles and the Knicks have Felton, Smith and Amare all capable of picking up the slack.
imissoakley::He had no talent in Denver???
MiQuel249::John Wall needs to take his talents else where because Washington is going nowhere
weoutnyc::Lots of people who hate Melo here...guaranteed this team woulxnt have even 25 wins this season withiut Melo though.  Its really easy to look at the boxscore and pretend to know basketball, but there is a whole lot more to the game than just those particular stats you people will quote.  Melo is an absolute beast, he is a Knick and will be for the foreseeable future. Learn to deal with it or find another team to follow.
Alabamian666::Well another bad night for the ball hog known as Carmelo, Chandler gets 3 touches and no team play. one and done for sure in the playoffs.
2524thomas::lol...beat it troll girl..
linzybel::I'm a Knicks fan, but I hate seeing a headline "Carmelo Anthony scores 30" when the box score says he shot 12 for 31 from the floor.   His selfish crap isn't going to help us when it counts.
SmokeyNYY::10/24
BillsBullsYankees::I didn't see the game tonight but Shumpert's numbers on offense look really bad. I saw him playing some pretty handsy defense the other night too. Maybe it's a good thing D Rose is waiting to come back.
RichardtheRabbit::you have to play in order to come back. believe me if D rose could play he'd be playing. trust me his injury was far more serious so get over it. he may never be the same.
BillsBullsYankees::Looks like Rubio is finally getting back to normal here. It seems like it still takes a full year to recover from an ACL in the NBA.
KnickCityBro::trust me. drose is doing the right thing
Nayrock10::I watching NBA GAME TIME and are saying that the 2 game in the season don't matter cuz it was early in the season lol.so If the Knicks win then what are they going to say wait to the playoff
Alabamian666::Knicks have been playing .500 ball the last two months....where have you been?
BillsBullsYankees::It is all about the playoffs unfortunately. The Bulls are 7-7 against the Heat the last few years, but couldn't beat them when it counted. I'd be surprised if the Knicks could beat the Heat in the playoffs. Heat have been playing really well lately, will be tough for the Knicks to beat them again.
Merle Dixon.::lol @ the fake carsmelo_aferny account.
Carsmelo_Aferny_2::raymond felton is the greatest fat point guard ever.
SPEC1MAN::guaranteed he is still in better shape than you.  most of your typos are due to your chubby fingers.
Carsmelo_Aferny_2::thats cuz i am carsmelo_aferny and i am a total trolling f-g.
diziboi::nice to see felton play well again hope we win vs heat on mar 3  it will be a big test for the knicks it will be a confidence buster if we win that game goodluck to the knicks
KnickCityBro::c u sunday then
Carsmelo_Aferny_2::k.
KnickCityBro::you're a liar &gt;:(
Carsmelo_Aferny_2::.
Carsmelo_Aferny_2::no im not.
KnickCityBro::who's ur team?
Carsmelo_Aferny_2::knicks &lt;3.
knicks_112ndcoming::good win, but offense too stagnant at times and why is kidd guarding SG's why isnt shumpert in the game?
NoleEngineer::I'm taking the Knicks on Sunday to win by at least 15 points.
Wolverines_STLCardinals_Billikens::Knicks will be garbage in the playoffs like usual. When is the last time they even got out of the first round?
Camthers89::Since when does the past matter? The Thunder were the SuperSonics 4 years ago, a team so bad they have to move. Now they're perennial western conference favorites
SPEC1MAN::sorry , i was talking basketball.
SPEC1MAN::bout the last time that michigan and the cardinals were contenders.
Wolverines_STLCardinals_Billikens::Cardinals won a world series in 2011 and Michigan won a BCS bowl game in 2012. Nice try. haha.
SPEC1MAN::cmon knicks we need more victories!!! lets get that 2nd spot back.
diziboi::with the win today they regain no 2 spot
kmoe332::they have it
CC___2013::Holy snap. He got Game is on VH1. Ray Allen (Jesus) his girl played by Rosario Dawson and fine piece of woman. He character is named Lala. Damn that just hit me.   Carmelo's Lala &gt; Jesus Lala
Nayrock10::How about those Knicks
kmoe332::DAYDA where you at buddy?
Knicks_Will_Win_The_East::Carsmelo_Aferny_2 why!?,    gonna delete this in a minute but im making this troll look bad.  ---------------------  Well, if you're really a Knicks fan, you don't have to delete it then. But go troll him on his own board(Rockets) not here, most people on the Knicks boards will think that you are him
Carsmelo_Aferny_2::im trying to find his stupid toilet pics, they tend to get deleted, i was gonna make a heat version of it.
Elorm17::Shump at the 2; Beal Shut Down Kidd at the 2; Beal is Young Ray Allen
Skippydoo4.0::Curry only has 22 vs Boston.  They Know  defense
SPEC1MAN::bwhahaha stupid comment skippy.  boston won the game , but curry had 25 and 6 dimes.  i would say great game by boston , but they still let curry get off.
petersoncooper::The Leprchauns cursed him
kmoe332::he is also 5-20 that may have something to do with it
GiantsKnicksYanks::Boston OPPG: 96 New York OPPG: 96  Funny how that works
GiantsKnicksYanks::I really want to see BK and NYK in the first round of the playoffs go to a Game 7 as a basketball fan but you never know what you get with the nets.
FREEWAYE::That would be a warm up for the Knicks..Carmelo would easily dominate the Nets in the playoffs.
Carsmelo_Aferny_2::.
Knicks_Will_Win_The_East::Just shut up
GiantsKnicksYanks::You're making a troll look bad by wasting your free time on the espn comments page?  You should edit your posts more.
Carsmelo_Aferny_2::why!?,  i love the knicks.
Carsmelo_Aferny_2::nets getting stomped.
Elorm17::off to troll the nets
JPP...SMASH::comin with you
GiantsKnicksYanks::Jason Kidd and defensive standpoint in the same sentence?  Not sure about that one coach.
SPEC1MAN::jason kidd has been a solid defender in his career, no doubt though that being at his age having to guard the athleticism in todays game is catching up to him.
Elorm17::29 point for beal.
