Kevin Farmer::2-9 milwaukee lets do it.
Kyle Miller::Heck yeah! Go Sixers.
Matt Rausch::I feel 20 years of mediocrity is worse for a franchise than 1 or 2 horrible seasons..  They need to tank for the future, instead of trying to be the 8th seed and swept every year.  Herb Kohl is afraid of losing money and doesn't have enough faith in the fans that they'd show up, which is somewhat true but I don't think it will kill the franchise or anything.  We need a new arena, the Bradley Center is boring looking.  The concourses look like a parking garage.  No architectural appeal to the place.  It's a symmetrical box.  If Herb Kohl wants a new arena, tank now.  Get an all star player with some appeal and people will start coming to the games.  Over time the team becomes more competitive and before you know it you'll be able to build your new arena and save the franchise.   So go Sixers!  2-9 here we come..
Brandon Tigues::spencer hawes is playing like a totally different player this year..dude's been on fire
Al-Jaleel Sawab::PLEASE TELL ME WHY ....... This coach is not playing John Henson????
Kevin Farmer::You 're supposed to lose Milwaukee.
Kyle Miller::2-9 baby!!!!!!!!!!
Joseph Evans::Good job Guys. You'd failed to tank again. Screwing this team up with every win.
Michael Maiorano::The Bucks have the worst roster in the NBA.  if they win 15 games this year i'll be shocked.
Max Modesto::Careful sixers... Nets and Knicks are trying to "out-tank" you!
Dan Barnett::I think the Bucks clearly have the upper hand.
Brad Panichelli::Who wants Wiggins more?
Trevor J Burger::When you are a die hard fan of a team and I am of the Milwaukee Bucks, you never wanna see your team just fail purposely. I wanna see wins. I dont' wanna see tanking. It shouldn't even be allowed. Play your best and do the best you can. Not this I want Wiggins or Parker crap. Those guys are predicted to be good, but you are gonna expect one guy to change the whole complexion of one team? I think not. Get real. The Bucks are a talented team, they just haven't figured out how to mesh well and Larry Drew will be fired by the all star break or slightly after. I am all for getting a decent pick in the draft, but I wanna see you compete and win. I'd rather have a championship then a high draft choice. It is sad that pro sports is turning this way. You are supposed to be role models and show up and compete regardless of who you have on your roster. I understand you won't win every game or even hardly any games.. You don't just fold. This isn't NBA2k where you can just quit cuz you are not winning. This is real life and I'm sorry but I will lose respect for any franchise or any player who admits to tanking.
John Martin::Trevor:  I hate to tell you this but the Bucks ARE trying their best.
Christopher Janda::It's not a matter of expecting one guy to change the whole complexion of the team.  The Bucks have some solid pieces already, but they're young.  They've got some growing to do.  These young players in 3 years could be playing for a 4 or 5 seed as it is.  An elite player could put a 4 or 5 seed over the top and give them legitimate title hopes.  You say you'd rather have a championship than a high draft choice, but exactly how do you expect that to happen?  You think wanting it more is all it's going to take to make this team title contenders?  It's Milwaukee.  It's not exactly a free agent hot spot.  We're pretty much forced to get better through the draft or not get better at all.  It's not a matter of championship *or* high draft choice.  We HAVE to have the high draft choice to get the championship.   The Bucks have done a good job of getting talent from where they've been picking, but the talent drops a LOT from the first few picks to the mid-teens.  You want a championship?  Root for them to keep losing.  If they can get a superstar with a high pick in this upcoming draft, and if Giannis turns out to be as good as he's looked at times, then this team has the potential to make a run in a few years.  But they need at least one more piece than what they have now.
Nathan Janc::The Bucks are not a bad team, they just aren't at full strength. They have zero post defense which is where Larry Sanders makes his biggest impact. Once we finally get completely healthy, a lineup of Brandon Knight, OJ Mayo, Caron Butler, Ersan Illysova, and Larry Sanders is a very good lineup that can win a bunch of games. Especially with quality backups off the bench like Zaza, Henson, Ridinour, etc.  The problem is we're not healthy, and this is a sport where even ONE player can make a huge difference, let alone two. We really need to get Knight and Sanders healthy. Two young palyers with huge potential. We are in the the right conference to have a bad record though. I would not throw in the towel unless we keep losing when sanders returns.
John Martin::Nathan: And if LeBron and Paul George and Kevin Durant all decide to join the Bucks you will have a chance.  But only if Phil Jackson agrees to coach.
Sportsbettingstar.com::Philadelphia's surprisingly hot start has faded into a four-game losing streak, while Milwaukee has dropped six straight. The Bucks claimed three of four meetings last season and have won six of nine in the series after dropping nine of the previous 11. Milwaukee's six-game skid is its longest since dropping its last eight games of the 2007-08 season, but the Bucks are getting closer to full strength with power forward Ersan Ilyasova and small forward Caron Butler returning in Wednesday's 91-82 loss to Portland. The 76ers are coming off a 108-98 home loss to Toronto on Wednesday and now rank last in the league in scoring defense after allowing 100 or more points in six of their last seven games. Expect this one to be a close one but the 76ers get it done at home tonight.
Brian Sullivan::It's funny how bad the Atlantic is. 4 teams will have like top 10 picks, and one unfortunate team will get stuck with the 4th seed in the playoffs... Let the games begin
John Martin::Like a comet that streaks through the sky and then is gone, Michael Carter-Williams has disappeared. To have to go to OT to beat a team like the Bucks at home shows that the 76ers are going nowhere.
Codey Roberts::Mcw had 12 points on 4-8 shooting....11 assist.....8 rebounds....5 steals. Yes he's disappeared all right. You make perfect sense
Christopher Janda::This was only the 10th game of his career.  No,  the 76ers aren't going anywhere this year.  This isn't news.  They might, if they catch a lot of breaks along the way, make the 7th or 8th seed and get swept by the Heat or Pacers in the first round, but that's the worst thing that could happen.  Trust me on this, I'm a Bucks fan.   He's a rookie who's played less than a dozen games in his career.  Of course he's going to have some bad games once in a while (this wasn't one of them by the way), but I think that fluke 3-0 start led you to some wildly unrealistic expectations.  He is going to be good for you guys for a long time.  Feel free to send him to Milwaukee anytime though.
Brian Sullivan::You're an idiot, obviously the team is trying to go nowhere. Hinkie intentionally structured a team of scrubs so we could lose a lot of games. Michael Carter Williams is still playing better than just about any other rookie, and he's only played in (as Christopher said) a dozen games. Kobe only averaged 8 per game his first year, he was such a bust right man? Seriously....
Billy Felde::the bucks are horrendous...   this game shows how bad the Bucks really are and will be the entire season.    no lead is safe for the bucks... Pathetic.
Duddly Jones::uhh.............finally
Michael Maiorano::When OJ Mayo and Caron Butler are your 2 best players, you suck.  Both are career journeyman reserves at best.
Jorge Ivan Franceschi::One of those "career journeyman" is about to hit 40.
Michael Maiorano::gosh the eastern conference is horrible.  unwatchable basketball.  These 2 teams are just awful
David Steinle::WOOHOOO ANOTHER L! Gotta love it. Keep on tanking boys, Wiggins will be playing with you next year if you do.
Duddly Jones::go for..................er, get.......2 points phil
Crowdcapper.com::Come over and talk about the game for free at the first ever social capping site.! Look above at name for the website.
Matthew Brehm::Sixers on fire from deep. Hope they take this one, I'm a Bucks fan and I want us to get the top pick.
Lester Ayers::Bucks fans di you miss Monta.....The fans there hated him Dallas love him
David Steinle::Another DNP-CD for the Bucks' illustrious first round pick.
Pete Riendeau::C'mon Sixers, WTF are you doing???  Trade Spencer Hawes right now!
