nicksdaboss44::They are better now
toplosky24.0::"Better" is subjective.
stop gleasting my accounts::Maybe if they had more than 1 shoting gaurd, but they wouldve ben better if Maggette didnt get injured.
footballstar203::The season recap of the Bobcats, http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=P_ZDhMVQ4bw
d_gettis12::thanks man
Raphael Hythloday::How the hell does a team only win 7 games?
sirmacalot2::The shoe Salesman is doing this for fun. Just to say he owned a team. This is not the vision that the once owner of BET had in mind.
Steveforprez04::Hard to believe the Bobcats began the season 1-0.  It was those last 65 games that killed them.
lenbrooks33::I imagine the Bobcats wish they had those 16 games now. Although, I doubt they could go 3 - 13 to avoid the worse record ever.
woodyattjon::Never give up, never surrender-----clearly the Bobcats didn't get the memo
arrogantespncommenter2::Tribute to the Bobcats' season: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ytCEuuW2_A
KobeBuildsHouseWithBricks::I would rather watch Skip Bayless and Stephen A Smith 69 than go to a Bobcats game.
lenbrooks33::Uh, I think I'll take the Bobcats game.
CarolinaPanthersFan8738::We should just make jordan in charge of the Concession Stands!
Matterofact::that's pretty bad
CarolinaPanthersFan8738::its not the bobcats its jordan.....cant help who MJ puts to surround the team! He gutted us
lenbrooks33::Exactly! That's why I don't get when these analysts/commentators say they feel sorry for Jordan. Jordan decided to completely destroy the roster in hopes of a top draft pick and cap room for free-agents.
CarolinaPanthersFan8738::So happy we gave the keys to the franchise to Gerald Henderson fml
eightbitme::Bobcats fall to Knicks, finish with worst winning percentage in NBA history.   It was the shoes.  :-)
Jorge198306::Even  Alan  Iverson says,  What  Charlotte  needs  the  most, is  PRACTICE.''
South_Philly_Ballers::Thank You Charlotte for taking over the record.  One I am glad, no longer belongs to the Sixers!
rselko::Same here, but take heart, Charlotte.  The Sixers got Doug Collins at #1 because of that season and were in the finals four years later.  Of course that Dr. J guy helped... Coincidently, the coach of that 9-73 team, Dr. Jack Ramsey,  moved on to Portland, where he ended up being the coach of the '77 team that won it all.
iamlegendnyc::If only the Knicks had beaten the Bobcats earlier in the year, we would be playing Indiana and not Miami.   Blame Antoni. There is no D in his last name for good reason
grinreaper8::Step away while you still have a shred of dignity MJ; you have no business running an NBA team.  Charlotte has suffered enough under the your misguided stewardship, following another inept buffoon, Bob Johnson.  Sell the team.  Hang it up.  You have brought disgrace to our city and the franchise.  Sure you were a decent player in your day, but that day was over a decade ago.  Go back to what you do best MJ: Sleeping with other men's wives and getting hustled on the golf course.
TheTwelve::Accurate except for the "decent" player part.
Mutuum::Scottie Pippen will get his seventh ring this year, overtaking MJ.
MatthewDead::Ironically, the number in the win column is also used to represent how many fans they have left.
danmin92::At least the Bobs are consistent;  on the road 3-30 and 4-29 at home. Jordan is worse than Isiah Thomas !
el_dude00::Congrats Bobcat fans!! I knew you could do it!
tebowsabeast15::I feel privileged to have seen such horrible records like the Lions and now the Bobcats during my lifetime. This is history guys, we can say we saw the worst teams in league history in both the NFL and NBA.
NYGiantsFan1973::Even worse is that they only won ONE more game than the Carolina Panthers did last year
CarolinaPanthersFan8738::we will see how we handle yall later this year......... obviously you dont see where the panthers are going and going fast
samthebigkid::To think this team actually had  a WINNING RECORD at one point this season....
Greg17493::The worst part is this was on national television..
fliptide....::CHARLOTTE BOBCATS: The only team where some fans stay TILL THE VERY END OF THE GAME ( to avoid the traffic of the other fans leaving at Halftime!)
ZEEKERINI::Your Airness &amp; co. have GOT to get it together! LoL
sportsdude439::I've said many times over the years that nothing could take away from what MJ did on the court....and I can't do it anymore.  I'm from NC and that team is a total embarrassment.  At this point, there's no denying that he's just an awful exec.
fliptide....::But maybe he has a master plan!*  *No, he seriously don't know wtf he's doing...
Barry Bonds of Men Softball::Isiah Thompson owned Micheal Jordan during their careers
DuceSkywalker::hahahahaha.....
Ban Wagon Fan::Whose Isiah Thompson?
fliptide....::no.
I Look Like A Banker In This::I'm just waiting for the story to break that MJ lost the Charlotte franchise in a bet to Charles Barkley.
KenM321::All we can do is hope we get the number 1 pick in the lottery and then start building a better team. And please New Orleans give us our Hornets name back, that would allow us to leave this team and season behind forever.
fliptide....::I pray, by all that is Holy, that Charlotte get no higher than the 10th pick, even though Kwame Brown is not in this current draft.
RickOShea_TX::Congrates Bobcats, you should be demoted to the D-League
4EverRush::Bobcats should have a different mascot, say a bigger cat.    How does the "Charlotte Lions" sound?
nissancartech06::How about the Charlotte Kittens?
yoduke2233::Theres already one sucky pro team named the lions...no need to make it two
jazztrumpet82::It's embarrasing knowing a 6 time NBA Champion. A certified winner. Has let this happen to a team. Todays Jordan is a certified loser.
jazztrumpet82::Yes men are certified losers too.
fliptide....::Yes!   oh, wait..
gsxrman599::I heard jordan is surrounded by a bunch of yes men 2.
majorius::I think it was Larry Brown
yoduke2233::i heard that too, I believe it was mike and mike that were saying that??
yoduke2233::"a bona-fide scrub" as Steven A would say.
yoduke2233::The Bobcats should be awarded the first, second, and third pick of the NBA draft for their remarkable achievement.
flaxman0::We don't need to see them blow two first round draft picks in one draft.
the modem wizard::The Bobcats are a reason one and done kids should stay in school.
NickBrandes::As a Bobcats season ticket holder, I know, go ahead and laugh, the problem was as much to do with Paul Silas as it was Michael Jordan.  The Bobcats were just HORRIBLE when it came to things that should have just been second nature.  Kemba Walker got noticebaly worse as the year went on.  His ball handling skills, as well as his ability to make a pass were just things that got way worse as the year went on.  Not to mention, for the last 10 or so games we were only dressing 8 or 9 guys.  You have Matt Carroll siting on the bench most of the game making his 3.5 million dollars and not doing anything.  Byron Mullins showed a few flashes of something, but he wants to stand 20 feet from the basket and take fade-a-ways?  Coaching was an issue this year.  Even if we get Anthony Davis, without proper coaching he wont be worth anything.
HEELZFAN1987::Dang.... I can't even sit thru a whole game watching them play like this.... I def give you major props just for staying there and watching..... I'm trying to beat the halftime traffic outta there! bwahaha
NickBrandes::There are some true fans that show up to every home game.  I mean Charlotte is a great city, the parking is good, the prices of the food is nice, but this limited season really hurt us.
fliptide....::"..but this limited season really hurt us"  ...we really lost out on an opportunity to lose even MORE games!
mattg12314::In a state with such a rich basketball history, it's a surprise to me that Charlotte hasn't ever been able to become an Indiana Pacers type team. I read the grantland article the other day about some of your guys fans. They sound like good guys.
Mutuum::Kemba Walker shot .366 from the floor, dead last among qualified players, and he's, arguably, the Bobcats best player.
ASUalumni80::You must be a true fan of the game.  Buying season tickets to the Bobcats, only we Ram fans can feel your pain.
jsn23nc::Wow, so many concerned about the Bobcats and none are from Charlotte. When I say it like that it seems like yall are haters for whatever reason. Anyway cant wait til the draft!!!
HEELZFAN1987::Solid year this year guys! When Gerald Henderson and DJ Augustine are your best players you don't expect much as a Bobcats fan. Oh, but next year we're shooting for double digits baby!
kdawg0508::Congratulations Kemba, Byombo, and to the other Bobcats for setting the bar so low a team would actually have to try to beat it.
mn_tanz::I guess now we know why MJ was fighting so hard to pay his players less.  He knew he couldn't get fans to come see a team that was incapable of making headlines for doing anything positive.
dadmizer999::WHAT A COMPLETE FAILURE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
fliptide....::^ That's what SHE said!
NGarren0::somewhere jerry krause is laughing..
NGarren0::organizations win championships huh MJ?
fliptide....::It wasnt MJ that said that, it was Jerry Krause, trying to grab some of the credit for the Bull's six championships..
sooner1980wb20::If you can be the best, might as well shoot for the worst
Rdiu::who's the dumb commentator in the highlight , he called Fields as Bibby , lol
rjes09::Jordan-Players win championships? If true, then none of this is your fault, right?
sunderland13::As A bobcats fan I wore a paper bag last night. But got to be optimistic for the future. go cats.
sirmacalot2::Why aren't old Bulls lining up to make this one of the best franchises in the league?
18BCRaider::Jjordan was a great player, but lousy exec...(Kwame Brown, and giving Tyrus $40mil)...NO GOOD!!!
Osborne1371::It's SAD SAD. Organizations does not operate effectively by having YES men around you.  I have to agree with Charles Barkley,MJ needs to surround himself with people who respects him but will disagree with him. I watched the game last night(I was rooting for them) but they looked defeated. Larry Brown was the BEST coach they had and look what happen to him.
