mosesbyu::Free Jimmer.
Kobe 6-24 Game 7 Finals::Jimmer for bench player of the year!
BMITCH333::Hawkerbirds!
JWSeminoles91::GO HAWKS NBA CHAMPIONSHIP HERE WE COME ATL BABY
brandonstephensy::Lets go Kings for the lottery pick
war_eagle_one::averageness.  not sure if it's a word.  but damn sure it describes Atlanta's current roster.  Smith?  Horford?  Averageness personified.  Smith will turn it on after he gets snubbed for the all star game.  why bother playing to his optimum anytime before that.
ChargersFan4Life001::the knicks board is alive, im not sure i should go there or just be done for the night
Chad86159::how old are u guys... i cant tell and i need to know for my own reasons... ill be happy to share as well... real talk
Chad86159::pathetic... i do this once in a year... u loser ace mo fo's never get off...  its a little mind boggling
ChargersFan4Life001::ill go for now
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::you should go
Ailurophobia::go
atlphillip::Wheres DStevenson
Ailurophobia::Hello Chad! Let's be buds. Admit you like DMC and Rondo.
Chad86159::i like rondo a lot.... really cant stand cousins... he truly  has some mental issues...to have all that ability and act like a rotten little ten ur old brat is almost unfathomable
Ailurophobia::come one now. It's like you didn't watch sheed play in college.
Chad86159::maybe he will... but as of now, he makes a twenty year old rasheed wallace look like a presidential candidate..
Ailurophobia::Okay Chad. In all seriousness, the kid will grow up and his ceiling is high.
Ailurophobia::Yes, they are black.
Ailurophobia::WTF am I sneezing uncontrollably?
ChargersFan4Life001::chad?
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::bingo
Ailurophobia::A cold sprang up out of nowhere. Chad Voodoo
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::Hey the C's play early tomorrow!
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::no problem and gn
Ailurophobia::TY. I have been out of the loop this week. Shall tune in and watch.
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::It starts at 9:30 am out here in LA so if you're on the east coast it would start at 12:30
Ailurophobia::What time?
Ailurophobia::GN everyone, even Chad.  Please pick on the Laker fans.
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::Gn UK
ChargersFan4Life001::gn UK RONDOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo:::)
ChargersFan4Life001::ALL DAMN DAY
Ailurophobia::BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Ailurophobia::I'm sleepy now.
Chad86159::.
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::?
Chad86159::u chose to get dealt with..... i didnt go after u idiot..... and for the rec u have done no dealing here.... uv been the taker.... just like u like it
Ailurophobia::I SAID I"M SLEEPY
Chad86159::u said dealing with trolls (aka insinuating me) is exhausting. now read my comment again.... its very self explanatory.... u came after me... so ur exhaustion is ur own fought... and u did not deal with me, u were dealt with by me..... got it now simple simon
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::who are you talking to?
Ailurophobia::What?
ChargersFan4Life001::speak english idiot
ChargersFan4Life001::dealing with trolls can drain a person
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::lol
Chad86159::go to sleep forever buddy... i wont mind :-) jk
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::wow, you're pathetic
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::@UK, why do you hate Jimmer?
steelerdawg1975::Guarantee Jimmer gets traded this year...Sactown has too many shoot first PG's.  Some team will pick Jimmer up by the trade deadline, you watch.  He will thrive somewhere if he can get some minutes.
Chad86159::no comments follow logical comments  i see... just where openings are left to pop off at the mouth
Chad86159::u dont get it moron, i just am saying they do stink, any other lottery pick would have had a sincere shot to show what he can do by now... thats not y they suck... they suck because they play some of the most selfish basketball in the history of the nba.... my prob is, because they suck, why not try and play ur muther fffffn lottery pick... he;s played pretty dang solid in the little bit of time he's got so far
Ailurophobia::blah
Ailurophobia::I hate the people who think the Kings stink because Jimmer isn't playing.
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::oh gotcha lol
Chad86159::he's white
Ailurophobia::Hey Chad! I'm drunk. WWJD??
Chad86159::im not proof reading dumb dumb. im having to battle 1 on 5.... its called ramble typing... but its cute u hav now taken it to punctuation class....
Chad86159::u 2 see that there is nothing clever in anything u say.... ur not funny.... ur not making anyone laugh.... just weak dry over the top lie after lie... u have been bitc7ed over and over and u dont even see it.....  i finally see why the phrase "when u argue with complete morons, from a far, people cant tell who the idiot is.... i have let u two moron drag me into a convo so far below my depths that im furious with myself..... it wont happen again....
ChargersFan4Life001::Do morons not know when to end quotations?
ChargersFan4Life001::what would jimmer do?
ChargersFan4Life001::I'll see ya there
Ailurophobia::I'm going to hell.
Ailurophobia::try to rape me.
Ailurophobia::If we could pull up Chad comments from last year, we could complete the KKK Manifesto version 2013.
ChargersFan4Life001::it was very bad
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::lmfao
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::Is there really a serious Jimmer following?? I never really paid attention.
Chad86159::im not a typical... he can play and he's absolutely getting shafted..... i just come on here because it baffles me no one see's it....
Ailurophobia::JIMMER SUCKS
Ailurophobia::yes
ChargersFan4Life001::not as bad as tebow fans but still bad
Ailurophobia::regardless of what tebow preaches. At least on the NFL boards of ESPN
Ailurophobia::Tebow fans are underdog fans. Not so much religious zealots.
ChargersFan4Life001::true but his fans are still horrible
Ailurophobia::Tebow won. Jimmer does not.
Ailurophobia::Chad, I am black.
Chad86159::his sweetheart said he was a mut... i mean mixed
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::are you really?
Ailurophobia::A typical Chad response:  t he white man owns. Jimmer owns. balah blah blah blah the white man owns. Jimmer owns. balah blah blah blah the white man owns. Jimmer owns. balah blah blah blah the white man owns. Jimmer owns. balah blah blah blah the white man owns. Jimmer owns. balah blah blah blah the white man owns. Jimmer owns. balah blah blah blah
Chad86159::when u battle one on five dipshiz the last thing ur worrying about is grammar
Chad86159::thats awesome... u havent heard one racist comment out of my mouth is y u r asking this question... appreciate u not just listening to these two idiots on the matter.... they think calling someone else racist makes u one...
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::Man your grammar sucks
Ailurophobia::You even lie to yourself you idiot.
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::wow, is he really racist?
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::i feel extremely uncomfortable now
ChargersFan4Life001::he just admitted that he thinks that the black players on the kings are thug monkey's
Ailurophobia::Yes, he absolutely is. I am not lying.
Ailurophobia::That's right Chad. You are not Mormon and if you are, you have violated so many rules that come redemption time, you will be a 13 yo required to marry a 50yo man.
Chad86159::bigot
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::LOL
itsatrap123::Awwww...it looks like I missed a fun board :(
Chad86159::u chuckled at my comments be honest... they are as dry as they come....
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::you didn't miss out on squat
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::lol
itsatrap123::Scrolled down and saw some of the comments...I got a good chuckle.
ChargersFan4Life001::ITS A TRAP! sup man
ChargersFan4Life001::smart being smart
itsatrap123::I do not understand his logic at all. Didn't he just admit that he would have to give him more playing time? 7 minutes?!?!? lol
ChargersFan4Life001::smart is an idiot
itsatrap123::I saw his minutes and I figured that there would be some talk. Only 7 minutes though? I admit I am surprised there.
ChargersFan4Life001::hey, a B-day is more important than a kings game right now, but there was some annoying jimmer trolls to deal with so be happy you didnt deal with them
itsatrap123::Friend had a birthday so I missed another game...some fan I am :-P
ChargersFan4Life001::funny that chad is resorting to calling people f....@gs because he has no new material. what's wrong, dont want to use the n word?
Chad86159::u gonna plagiarize me all night.... thats what i just said to ur boyfriend... and ive dogged u in so many clever ways u wind chime
Ailurophobia::He's clearly a fake Mormon. Just a KKK member pretending.
Ailurophobia::I hate Chad more than Decisions and DJ
Chad86159::to be so stupid i sure do have u all to pieces u little idiot
ChargersFan4Life001::I might hate him more than juno
Ailurophobia::I hate Chad.
Ailurophobia::Cousins had 26 rebounds. <b>THUG  JImmer should have played! I want to see fake Jesus play!!!!  -Chad</b>
Chad86159::scoreboard... thats all u people care about... stats... they got waxed at home again by the might hawks... s t f u....
ChargersFan4Life001::The kings are all thug monkey's who play crap streetball, except for jimmer -chad
Chad86159::pretty much dead on...... they are pieces of shiz.... i have some awful names i call white trash p o s as well... and i absolutely loath them also.... u wont see me ever dog out a black person that i think is a good person.... i just know how to give it back to bullies and a holes, and be damned if backing down when i know im right.. im dead on on this kings situation....
Ailurophobia::Comment via Chad's education via Cricket Mobile:  U dont now me. I like skool. I kan b a sukkes
Chad86159::u just wanted to say sukkes where ur little sonic the hedgehog sidekick could hear... chargers has def got it bad for u... ive seen him fall but never like this... up til two... whoa
Ailurophobia::Are you on Meth or was your mother? You are the dumbest person I have ever come into contact with on these boards.
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::Chad, from what i'm seeing, it doesn't seem like you're a good person.
Chad86159::you dont get that not every one is pure trash like ur kind
Chad86159::a class kid... ur knocking a kid who saved himself for marriage... oh the irony of u calling me awful names and having two little bozos agree...... boogie cousins lmfao
Ailurophobia::IDIOT. Jimmer is a loser and slept with many a hoe at BYU. If you don't get that, open your little backwoods eyes.
Chad86159::well let me repent...... a boogie cousins fan and a rondo fan dont think I'm a nice guy..... have u taken a close look at the class acts u 2 cheer for.... true class personified
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo:::'(
ChargersFan4Life001:::(
Ailurophobia::Who do you cheer for moron? I man who claims he was a virgin prior to marriage??? Was he? Is TEBOW?? You GD idiot. Why don't you go suck on the VM $@%.
Ailurophobia::Chad is on Ebay looking for Hitler memorabilia.
Chad86159::so original..... i was hoping u had a little something clever up ur sleeve.....  i see u dont... just thick skull repetitive gossip queen....
Ailurophobia::RACIST
ChargersFan4Life001::and jimmer jersey's
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::This troll NYC IS THE BEST is a total idiot
Ailurophobia::Yes
Ailurophobia::Dude didn't even know Melo knocked out one of his players in the past.
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::dude's still trolling on his own board
Ailurophobia::LOL@ Chad taking a break from a lynching
Chad86159::lol at u dumb F&amp;CKS saying u dont care, yet u both just mentioned me by name... that'll teach me
Ailurophobia::You can't teach idiots. You'll still attend lynchings like it's a fair. nature v. Nurture.
ChargersFan4Life001::lol @ chad thinking anybody cares what he says
Chad86159::i just like to be documented calling u to being male challenged like i called whole the kings situation
Ailurophobia::Boogie, I just had my first McDouble last Friday. That's a damn good burger for $1
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::i haven't went to McDonalds in like a year.
Ailurophobia::Neither had I until I had to one day. It's a good burger for the money.
ChargersFan4Life001::I've never had one
Ailurophobia::Come on!!!!!!!!!!!!! It's $1 at McD's!! Give it a try.
ChargersFan4Life001::I remember calinorge, haven't seen that nutcase in a while
Chad86159::couple of women you to r..... i keep checking back for fun, and u little hens are still gossiping... true mans men u two are
Ailurophobia::Please never inform me that your IQ surpasses mine again. I have copied this comment as proof you GD idiot.
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::gtfo
Ailurophobia::dirtbag. Flagging me because I spoke to you.
ChargersFan4Life001::I think they cleared him out of the FB group
Ailurophobia::I remember when Theresa asked me to join the Facebook group. He was part of the group. What happened?
ChargersFan4Life001::you didnt see him at his worst, but he was still horrible when you were there.
Ailurophobia::I remember. Total psycho
ChargersFan4Life001::he took the dog picture I used to make a fake account of me, total racist
Ailurophobia::The night Lu, Boogie and myself went into new territory is the night we met Bosley.
ChargersFan4Life001::that guy was cool
Ailurophobia::But he was cool.
Ailurophobia::And the end of my Rondo pic.
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::I wish I could get back to my original account but it's been banned forever. Plus there are far too many people who fake my account.
ChargersFan4Life001::like my "king me accounts", but it doesn't really get copied
Ailurophobia::Oh Beza. If you only knew. I have had people steal the picture of my dog and create an account.
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::wow, how is that even possible?
ChargersFan4Life001::the way to make the kings better Step 1: Fire Smart and bring in a smart coach Step 2: Trade Evans for a solid SF who can shoot or a PG who loves to get assists and doesn't look to shoot Step 3: Focus the offense around DMC that's a start
Chad86159::just last game play fredette more min was at the top of ur list.... i see that doesnt suit you tonight with ur new friend....  ur theme song "he's like the wind"
Ailurophobia::1. SVG 2. Deng 3. Yes
ChargersFan4Life001::garcia or outlaw?
Ailurophobia::Boogie, the money has to work and Deng make the $$. I don't think the Bulls will accept Salmons so it will have to be another high dollar figure.
ChargersFan4Life001::how to get deng? I doubt evans for deng works
Ailurophobia::LOL. I remember Boogie as King Me
ChargersFan4Life001::lol at 1 point I would make a king me account, make 1 comment that wasn't bad, and get banned
ChargersFan4Life001::lol yeah he was mad
Ailurophobia::Remember when Chad ripped off your account during the Hawks series???
Ailurophobia::Heck, I brought Lu into the C's community after some of his smart wit comments.
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::I just started getting to know the C's community over the ECF's and Summer. I've had an ESPN account since 09 but never used it. But now everybody knows my damn name. smh
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::I just started posting and everyone began copying my account and so everywhere I posted they would know who I was. It spread like a wild fire.  How did Boogie get you banned?? lol
Ailurophobia::I know the feeling Beza. I have always been a C's fan but just joined last year. Boogie is the reason I was banned :) for my first time.
Ailurophobia::After Lu's first comment, I knew he was a C for life.
Ailurophobia::Boogie knows.
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::Me too, it was pretty crazy.
ChargersFan4Life001::I remember that night
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::lol it was pretty hilarious, i gotta admit.
Ailurophobia::fun night.
ChargersFan4Life001::F the Fakers
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::I second that
Ailurophobia::Beza, hate me or not, tell I am a Celtic he is a b  itch going forward.
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::I don't hate you! You're a good person.  You don't like "I am a Celtic"?
Ailurophobia::He might not really be a mod. But one day he went on the board and was deleting all of our C's comments.
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::wow, he's a mod?!? that's ridiculous
Ailurophobia::Exactly Beza. he does that to all women on the boards before asking them out on a date.  The weird thing? We had great discussions last year. Now he's mad because I had too much to drink and cursed him out for being a mod after he openly acknowledged being a mod.
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::LOL yea he is pretty annoying, i think he even told me to make him a sandwich SMH
Ailurophobia::No.  1. He is a Duke Fan 2. He fights with most fellow C's fans 3. He is mad because I called him out for being a mod last year.
Ailurophobia::He started ripping on me for not having a job and ripped on me traveling to FL for an interview.   HMMMM.  I have a great job now making quite a bit of money.
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::lol i remember that but you did go overboard too
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::I couldn't support the Heat, I just could not.
Ailurophobia::I stated before the C's lost that I would support the East regardless. It's not like Rondo's elbow was dislocated again. And I am not one who hates LBJ.
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::There were C's fans supporting the Heat during the Finals?!?! Wow, I was too busy being angry and bitter that we lost, I barely even watched that series because if I did, I probably would've gotten nauseous.
Ailurophobia::Beza, you will learn. The community of the Celtic Nation has strong ties. You know I get along with yourself, LU and others. But some of the fans are angry with me because I called them out last year along with supporting the Heat during the Finals.
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::seriously? wow, i didn't know that. I mean, it's just a sports thread after all, they should just forgive you already lol
Ailurophobia::Yes. I have been ostracized by the C's fans who loved me last year. I was one of the guys known by all. I have changed my name now because one of them has turned into a complete jerk since the outburst.
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::wow seriously??it's fine, i've forgiven you and Decisions did take it too far but he could get a little ignorant and annoying lol
Ailurophobia::I have apologized to you and Boogie. I was extremely wrong. I was all fired up and tried to make amends.  I am even hated among my long time fellow C's fans for that outburst.
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::yea i know, it's just that you started bashing on everyone, especially me :(
Ailurophobia::He called me out. I responded.
Ailurophobia::By telling him that he was a loser? He is.  That my family is upper class? they are.
Ailurophobia::YES
Ailurophobia::Should I go mess with that wienie Decisions?
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::i don't think he's on
ChargersFan4Life001::is he there?
Ailurophobia::I don't know.
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::Man, the Eagles just never got it together, it's just a shame.
ChargersFan4Life001::they arent that bad -norv turner
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::lol
Ailurophobia::I had never entered a fantasy league until this year. Decisions made me leave but we all know I would have won with my team.
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::LOL I never understood why that whole league fell apart.
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::haha
Ailurophobia::He went way too personal.
ChargersFan4Life001::decisions was a biiiitch, thats why
Ailurophobia::me
codythegoat::Kings need to fire Keith Smart ASAP
ChargersFan4Life001::and trade Evans
ChargersFan4Life001::exactly
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::Deng would be great for the Kings, give them some veteran leadership and he's just a straight up baller.
ChargersFan4Life001::lol yes, I wish they could get deng but idk if the bulls would do it
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::i hope you're joking
ChargersFan4Life001::Luke Walton
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::for who?
Ailurophobia::yes
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::@UK, you still hate Decisions?
Ailurophobia::yes
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::haha
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::Some Laker fan on the Suns board seriously said that Pierce should get stabbed again. SMH
ChargersFan4Life001::stay classless LA
Ailurophobia::Decisions?
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::oh lol
Ailurophobia::It was a joke
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::huh?!?!?
Ailurophobia::Decisions Mom came on board!
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::lol no, some random fool
