Anti-Stratfordian::<b>LeBron at 27</b>:  3 MVP, 1 DPOY, 1 ROY, 1 Finals MVP  <b>Jordan at 27</b>:  1 MVP, 1 DPOY, 1 ROY, 0 Finals MVP  <b>Kobe at 28</b>:  0 MVP, 0 DPOY, 0 ROY, 0 Finals MVP  <b>&lt;-------HUGE JOKE</b>
haugee21::So did anyone actually watch this game?
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Stevenson AND Morrow combined shoot 22 3 pointers in one game!!?????? WOW live and die by the 3....i have a feeling they will die a lot more than they win
Carnosaur908::Nets need to stick with this starting line up.
sp0rtsjunk1e::good riddance i didn't think we'd ever see this day again. good win guys!
KyleBrown834534::The logos underneath the baskets at the Raptors arena is way cool, so trippy!
coleward50::Thunder up!
KingGeorge53::Congrats to NEts and their fans.    Raptors need to play the Cavs for the next 50 games.
bernotas22@yahoo.com::Valanciunas is going to be the best player from the 2011 nba draft he is going to turn the raps into an elite level team avg like 25 and 12 and 5 and 3 in his career #franchisecenter
KingGeorge53::Now I know why you were on the Cavs/TWolf board.   Your team got it's clock cleaned out.
jimmyjam289::The only chance that the Nets may become successful is WHEN D Williams accepts the fact that he is NOT Da Man and Only a Point Guard in the system. Why is he Tooting and putting up 18 shots while running the offense---- his shootin and tootin is "ruining" the Nets. 33 %tonight.  He is a Point Guard.  He is good at dishing off and getting the ball to players in position to score EZ baskets.  When he tries to be Da man is when he falls flat on his face. If he puts  up more that 12 shots- he is hurting the team.. His poor shooting is proof of that fact.   His shooting smells up every arena he plays in.  Word-- jimmyjam289
jjc11293::Nets: 16-49 on 2-pointers. 15-31 on 3-pointers.  You can't explain that.
jimmyjam289::So What if DW had 24 points tonight---- he shot 6 of 18 from the floor---thats 33% to anyone who went to school.  That kind of shooting is called "tooting" and "that" is what DW does best-- he smells up every arena he plays in with his tootin' shootin. I'll be happy when he finally gets the OO's to leave the Nets. I don't care who they get in return.  Word.
acg5000::i like when my nets play the raptors.  these are two teams that understand the art of losing, under appreciation and constant rebuilding.  hence, the fan bases seem to get along swimmingly.    win or lose it was a pleasure to follow along with the comments.  all the best this season, toronto.
nets51534::Wow it felt like the Nets shot alot better than 38.8 % from field. i cause because of 3's
nets51534::yea. They mustve shot like 30 percent on 2's
mdtuzo::we hit almost half of our 3s and attempted 31 of them lol
mdtuzo::people laughed when it was correctly predicted that the nets would win by 12: http://bit.ly/xZgavz
kent432::all raptor fans are bitter...so what is your point
nets51534::Obviously just a bitter raptor fan lol
nets51534::Nets shot 38.8 % from field and d will didnt shoot it well and they still won by double digits
nets51534::Not at all
JoeyDorsey4MVP::I didn't think Toronto would shoot this poorly, and New Jersey this well.  9 out 10 times Toronto would win this game.
mdtuzo::what makes you think 9 times out of 10 the raptors would win? what facts do you have to support such a claim?
nets51534::Nice call. i thought Nets would win by like 5. They actually wouldve won by like 15-20 if they didnt take out d will and starters at end
mdtuzo::yeah it was a blowout until the last 2 minutes
MetropolitanBronco::Wow we finally won again!!
ricksanders56::why didnt brooks play?
nets51534::Should be able to play tmrw though
ricksanders56::o
mdtuzo::injured. he sprained his ankle
mdtuzo::props to myself and loco5125 for calling the nets' margin of victory today.  "loco5125 nets by 12"
jrtall3n7::right on!
lalaknat::Humphries and D. Williams to the Lakers for Walton, World peace, Gasol, blake, and Troy Murphy
jrtall3n7::lol Troy sadface Murphy. once was enough thanks.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::LAkers WOULD do this trade in a heart beat.
jimmyjam289::How about D Williams to the Lakers for a case of Red Bull?    On second thought- having reconsidered--- OK- D Williams to the Lakers for ummmmmmmmmm---- half a case of Red Bull?      Yeah---- thats about right.  Value for Value-- I always say.  Word. Jimmyjam289
lalaknat::By the Way: Howard's not coming either
lalaknat::Nets risk getting NOTHING in return
lalaknat::It would help the Nets add some pieces Gasol with Lopez. It would also create salary cap relief in 2 years. Lets face it Williams is not resigning, and Humphries may not return as well ( he'll be a free agent after the year as well)
gri400::you said it would help both teams yet only showed how it would help the lakers, how would this help the nets? the nets wouldnt (and shouldnt) touch that deal
nets51534::Lakers would do that No way Nets would
lalaknat::Lakers: Kobe SG D. Will PG  Humphries PF Bynum C Barnes SF = Championship
lalaknat::It would help both teams
mdtuzo::neither team would do that trade
gri400::loco5125 nets by 12...more 1 fan likes this. User ID:http://sportsnation.espn.go.com/fans/loco5125 2 Hours Ago · Like · Reply · Flag  im also man enough to admit i was wrong, to whoever this person is, i'm sorry and you were right, good call on the game
Loso416::The raps are actually still garbage
mdtuzo::the losing streak is over!
gri400::lost by 12 but it could have easily been 20 or 25. Get credit to the nets though, outplayed in just about every area, a well earned win for them and a well deserved loss for the raps, bounce back tomorrow though against the 76ers! GG everyone
jimmyjam289::The Nets Won ??? Somebody had to have spiked the Raptors Gatorade tonight.
tbcsundin::good night gri400! enjoy your Friday night!
gri400::see you then
tbcsundin::Yep see you on the Raptors board tomorrow night.
gri400::later man, you coming back on tomorrow?
JoeyDorsey4MVP::Good Win Nets, we'll get you next time.
jjc11293::We finally looked fluid and cohesive today. I guess it took that practice yesterday to get things together.
thekola::Gaines definetely needs to ride the pine when James and Brooks come back, no question
jimmyjam289::so is his daddy- d  "tootin"williams.
jrtall3n7::that word has gone from unfunny to annoying. word.
Abdi Aden::LOLgaines is just terrible just terrible
Abdi Aden::just seems they werent interested in playing. Demar? reallly? like REALLLY?
Abdi Aden::im sure we can beat the Wizards.
gri400::even we can beat the wizards down lol
tbcsundin::I hope the Wizards first win won't come against the Raptors!! haha
_Purple_Drank_::Lets Go Raptors, you're suppose to be my 8th seed this year. Cmon tighten up guys.
Rezo201::You know you're a Nets fan when you have a 19 point lead with 3 minutes left in the 4th and you're still nervous. lol
jdp86::This has been the Raptors worst effort and the Nets best game. We need the L's, they need the W's
thekola::Don't fret rap fans. This is by far the best game the nets have played all season.
JDoc311::Well, we got to practice for a change.
gri400::not fretting at all, nets outplayed raps plain and simple, cant really say anything against that. good job for the nets trying to get back on track
austrislaksa::True...
fluidtheA.R.A.B::they should kick the raptors out of the nba ..go to $@%!$@% canada start your own basketball competition u weak $@%!$@%!$@%!
gri400::i normally wouldnt respond to such a well thought out post but there is in fact a canadian basketball league
gri400::Demar with 3 points, just brutal
gri400::excellent indeed, at least we know it will get better then this
tbcsundin::This is a great way to start a brutal part of the schedule for the Raps...
Abdi Aden::yeah this game has been boring. but good game nets on the the 76ers
gri400::raps getting outplayed in pretty much every area tonight, not a good sign with 4 games in 5 nights coming up. hopefully they bounce back tomorrow but tonight has been bad to say the least
gri400::so anyway how you been man? really havent talked a lot recently.
gri400::thats all i'm expecting, latos would have been great, i'm really hoping for garza but not expecting it. the price might be too high for AA's taste.
tbcsundin::The Jays were rumored to come in 2nd place to trade for Matt Latos but I guess the Padres preferred the Reds offer.  I would like 1 more starter for the Jays!
gri400::i'm on holidays as well but i go back on monday, placement moves up to 3 days a week which im excited about. nothing really been going on, just relaxing pretty much, hang out with some friends and getting ready to go back to school (and of course the jays season, cant forget about that!)
tbcsundin::Very well! I'm on my college winter break and I go back to school in a few weeks, just counting down the days until the Blue Jays season starts! Anything exciting going on with you?
tbcsundin::Hey gri400 Prince Fielder is still out there!!! Maybe AA is still thinking about offering a contract...
gri400::unless its 6 years max and a cheaper then what he expects i hope not, the team that signs him will regret it in a few years i think. I'm pretty happy with what AA has done this offseason, just looking for another starter (around the 2-3 guy) and i'll be really happy, just dont sign jackson either
gri400::its been a pretty boring game, even if the roles were reversed it would still be boring, i would just be happier lol, you havent missed anything
tbcsundin::Nice stinker tonight for the Raps I see glad I missed most of this game haha
Allen4875::Raptors should be shot.
Abdi Aden::BLOODY HELL, why are we losing to the nets
JoeyDorsey4MVP::And not a single Raptor is shooting well, so that also hurts.
Eddie_Z8::And Kris Humphries
nets51534::When D will plays well, not much u can do. Not making that many shots but creating so any plays
JoeyDorsey4MVP::And 3's
gri400::2nd chance points and offense rebounds are killing them tonight
gri400::bargnani must not have had his Primo pasta tonight
fluidtheA.R.A.B::raptors are weak fluke
camnewtonsbrokeoldman::kris humphries one good testicle
Allen4875::raptors due for an extended loosing streak...    worst team in the league.
Allen4875::did you see their schedule buddy?   not easy.
camnewtonsbrokeoldman::they won the other night you boone
Bryce_Smith574156::New Jersey Nets vs. Toronto Raptors   a site that claims to know something:   http://bit.ly/yaeiIN
inter2010clchamps::alright im out., ill be back tomorrow. LETS GO RAPTORS
DWil5422::Someone needs to remind Bargnani he is their #1 scoring option.
inter2010clchamps::he hasnt goten the ball as much!! but he is not feeling it so he should just try to get to the line
drftw42134::Wow no one is really interested in this thread. Watch the Nets/Heats game tomorrow. It will be loaded with posts
thekola::Nets get a second half lead and fans spend most of the time holding their breath, praying, etc.
gri400::honestly this game has been kinda slow, not much to talk about really
Mari-Osman::I like it this way, no trolls.
thekola::Other than marrying candace parker, sheldon williams' life is a waste.
jerry0892::what more can you ask for in life?
cwasdyke::yeah nets
Allen4875::bye bye money!!    thanks again Craptors
Daniela South Beach::Is this the thread were I can talk about the greatest Raptor in history?  His name is Chris Clutchosaurus.
Shady6903::false his name was Vince Carter....
gri400::rafael araujo!
JoeyDorsey4MVP::False it was Oliver Miller
inter2010clchamps::its not their night tonight. thank god were playing the nets cuz if it was miami we would of been down 30
