Rocketman003::I'm glad the NBA took some action, even though 2 games was surprising, it sends a message to the rest of the NBA: Dirty play will not be tolerated. Glad Scola seriously didnt get injured, he could have easily broken his nose or jaw. I used to think highly of Love, even as a Rockets fan but lost all respect for him after that play. And come on delusional Minnesota fans, Love's actions were completely intentional. There is no way he didnt know scola was on the floor after he threw him down. LOVE WAS THE ONE WHO THREW SCOLA TO THE FLOOR initially, so obviously he knew where Scola was and could have easily avoided stepping on his face!  If the refs did their job correctly and called the foul on Love, there would be no suspension and everyone is happy, but karma is a $@%!$ isnt it Kevin love? No matter how u see it, bottom line, Love's reputation as a player has changed for the worse forever, sorry Minnesota. And Love better be fortunate that he stepped on Scola's face not someone else or it could have gotten a lot uglier.
Coprezx::What's going on with Beasley?  20 mins?  Is he still banged up or just in the dog house?
schroer123413123::Minnesota on the rise Houston on the decline
DKRises::2 games ban? Why? It was accidental. Come on man. NBA is making a big storm in a glass of water.
Rocketman003::and apparently the NBA agrees
Rocketman003::i dont think anyone can thrown someone down to the floor and step on their face accidently. Replay suggests it was not an accident
JTtwentywho::Don't think it was intentional. Just wrong place, wrong time kind of thing. It's being blown out of proportion. With Love resigned though, I agree with the Minnesota media! The Wolves are gonna get some good free agents that want to play with him and Rubio http://www.tchuddle.com/2012/01/rubio-already-elite-nba-pg/
bryguyUCLA05::i absolutely loved what Love did...Scola is a flopping bi*tch...it's too bad Derek Fisher wasn't there to finish him off
Rocketman003::ur associating Love with one of the dirtiest players in the NBA, Fisher, so now we can categorize Love as a dirty player, thanks for proving my point.
screwhead2305::love is worse than Suh
thats quagmire::Love has great sportsmanship
thats quagmire::Love is a nice man
Mancub 10::Love is a dirty ho bag. I have no respect for someone who acts like that on the court.
rabbi187::Semi surprised this incident wasn't at least a headline on the NBA home page. Definitely 2 chump fouls for Love and should warrant a 1-2 game suspension...
thats quagmire::Winnesota sports are back
FlashH22::nice try.. go jump in a lake
thats quagmire::Love and the wolves "stomped" the rockets
Ramfackled::Hahaha!
natskivna::Hey Twolves fans.  I'm interested in what you think of Mchale.  Do you guys really hate him?  If so, why exactly?
schroer123413123::give the man some credit for being a gm he did draft kevin love and ricky rubio youre not gonna hit on every lottery pick
natskivna::Wasn't Kahn the one who drafted Flynn the same night he drafted Rubio?
Dinomeyt::Sadly, rockets have flynn right now. Natskivna, pray that flynn stays on the bench. U do not want him on the court
abovethelies2::I think it was Matt Millen
Dinomeyt::I think he was the one who got us johnny flynn, who is probably the worst basketball player of all time. Wes Johnson is a close second
abovethelies2::....He WAS A great player, solid coach and very humble person. However, has to rank as one of the worse GM's in all of sports just behind the former GM of the Detroit Lions (can't remember his name)
Dinomeyt::Good coach. Terrible GM.
81WASIV::I just lost all respect for Kevin Love. he is going to get a long suspension. thats one of the most malicious and dirtiest plays I've seen.
Ramfackled::he's  jealous
Dinomeyt::Malicious? Dirty? this guy must love watching tennis on ESPN2
Dinomeyt::Or pool or bowling. Here's an idea. watch a tough sport or James Harrison and u will see the meaning of the word malicious
abovethelies2::GREAT LINE......to go on
natskivna::I was p*ssed last night.  I've calmed down, but agree that it was a dangerous and stupid act by Love.  It also was completely out of character and in "the heat of the moment".  I still like the guy and respect his talent.
abovethelies2::Oops...really the worst EVER....hmm....Relax and enjoy the SB commercials....
PhilMN16::This guy has never watched hockey or football. LOL
abovethelies2::Its been fun having the he did it or didn't he do it....Look's like everyone is now just chillin......WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME the Wolves have EVER BEEN in the spotlight??? Till next time regarding a T-Wolves controversy ......goodbye till then ...have a great and safe Sunday:-)
PhilMN16::Did Ron Artest get Suspended for putting Paul Pierce's "Pants on the Ground"?
PhilMN16::Dang it.
IBleedGarnetandGold15::I wonder how Larry Bird feels about Love. He did say a couple years ago that we need more white "American" NBA stars. Well, here you go Larry. Doesnt look like he's going to go the Van Horn route.
natskivna::Well, we already know what Mchale feels.
Dinomeyt::Which is more likely, the vikes winning a super bowl or justin timberlake joining madonna and causing another clothing malfunction?
johndaker55::Bill Simmons cartoon series "Sports Guy" - Super Bowl half-time show. Hilarious  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AWVfWdehAI0&amp;feature=related
Dinomeyt::I would laugh if timberlake showed up again. I would be like, "run madonna run!!"
natskivna::Timeberlake definitely.  Did you see his Saturday Night Live skit "D*ck in a box"?
Dinomeyt::Like I said. Lance Bass.
natskivna::Its actually pretty funny.
Dinomeyt::No thank u. If ur singing friend is Lance Bass, I have a 100% assurance that u have been cornholed at least 5 times
PhilMN16::The latter.
Ramfackled::the vikes winning a super bowl
Ramfackled::He apologized to him in the locker room, Like a man with courage would do. No suspension imo.
inquisitiveman::he'll get a 1 game suspension.
PhilMN16::You know this?
PhilMN16::If there is a suspension it should be 1 game at most.
johndaker55::Looked intentional to me. Whether it should be a suspension or not IDK.
natskivna::Giants or Pats?
johndaker55::I'm telling you guys make some $5 bets on an online betting site, I use sportsbook.com (not trying to spam/advertise). Makes the game a lot of fun. You can literally bet on ANYTHING.  The bets tend to even themselves out, but the only thing is you typically need a visa card for the deposit. They usually don't take mastercard.
johndaker55::yeah, they had one year I forget what band was playing, how many times would the guitarist swing his arm over and over. The over/under was 8 and he did it like 32 times lol. You got any good ones for this year?
natskivna::I use BetUS.  Prop bets are hysterical
stone419::im a jet fan, so im dreading the game. but id pick the pats if i was betting. the giants website accidentally put that they had already won the game, that seems like bad juju
Dinomeyt::Remember the Miami heat thing LOL
PhilMN16::Watch them lose because of that. LOL
Dinomeyt::Super Bowl is kinda overrated. The pro bowl is a disaster
Ramfackled::Madonna is awesome
abovethelies2::Problem is that they were out coached even with Bud Grant.....They had a chance to win at least two SB's but were clearly not the better team against Miami or Oakland. Oh well, next year is around the corner :-)
Dinomeyt::Gary Anderson hit every field goal when he was with the vikes......except for that one. He could have missed any other kick in the regular season, but no he missed it.
natskivna::The best Vikings team of all time was in 1999.  Denver vs. Minny SB woulda been epic.
Dinomeyt::And the halftime moments are bad in football. Nickelback for thanksgiving, Justin Bieber for the Pro Bowl, and Madonna for the Super Bowl. I'm sorry but this is just plain pathetic.
Dinomeyt::That irritates me. We had a defensive line that could probably kill people for a living, and we still lost 4 times
abovethelies2::The game itself is too long because of the extended half-time and commercial breaks throughout the game. Maybe I'm just "depressed" the Viking lost ALL FOUR TIMES!!!!!! I'm starting to have panic attacks...lol..lol
Dinomeyt::Sportscenter has done that for 2 weeks
natskivna::Just tune in at game time.  The hype and pregame is overdone and it kinda ruins the game itself.
abovethelies2::Huge football fan but Sorry, not a fan of either team....I'm looking forward to the commercials lol
natskivna::Giants.  Next year.....TEXANS!
PhilMN16::AP was injured for like 6 games. He still had 940 yards. Thats over 100 yards a game. AP!!!!
natskivna::AF led the league in rushing last year.  This year, 1850 yards from scrimmage in 13 games.
johndaker55::I've even heard him say it's AD but it seems like 3:1 people call him AP over AD. Ok so its settled then, AD right? It was some nickname his mom gave him or someone because he wouldn't stop moving I think.
PhilMN16::No. There is only 1 AP.
Ramfackled::APAD
natskivna::Arian Foster is the heir to AP.
PhilMN16::Adrian Peterson. All Day.
johndaker55::I'm so confused. Everyone calls him AP but isn't it AD?
PhilMN16::I'm kinda hoping the Vikings do that. Teach Ponder alittle more and then let Ponder take over. Also win some games now.
natskivna::He's like a china doll.  Always injured.  I pray the Texans make a run at Peyton.....
PhilMN16::Matt Schaub is a top 7 QB when healthy. Too bad he got injured. Texans made a run without him.
natskivna::Yeah I know.  Still got AP though.  And Ponder looks promising.  We are already good enough to be in a SB.  Just gotta keep everyone healthy.
PhilMN16::Ehh, We are rebuilding.
natskivna::You're in trouble.  :P
PhilMN16::Vikings are playing the Texans next year.
johndaker55::Giants
Dinomeyt::Not watching. Halftime show is going to be boring with Madonna. Just let the game finish and be done with it
johndaker55::yes I will not argue with you on that one
stone419::when are they gonna make the day after the superbowl a national holiday so i can get properly drunk?
Dinomeyt::I'd rather make a drinking game out of that. U don't lose money and u get hammered at the same time
johndaker55::You want to make it interesting bet some small bets on an online sportsbook. You can bet on anything (coin toss, how many times will they show peyton manning on tv) makes the game 100x more interesting.
abovethelies2::Hey....I like and appreciate how hard Kevin plays...but this is the second or third game in a row where he's let poor officiating and physical play get in his head. Its apparent that teams have decided to become VERY physical with Kevin just like Dwight Howard. Remember Dwight is usually leading the league in techs. K-Love is trying to establish that he won't be "punked". I'm not saying what he did looked good but its apparent the past few games what other teams are doing to prevent Kevin from getting rebounds.....just a thought
abovethelies2::Except on D when he's complaining his man is running down the other end for a layup....I LOVE Kevin from a basketball hustle perspective but he's got to stop complaining and JUST DO what he does best....GET THE BOARDS
Ramfackled::Kevin love plays better when he's mad, lol
natskivna::Yao Ming used to get hacked MERCILESSLY.  They tend to do that to big men for some reason.
Fullserenity::They're bigger and closer to the rim, so you have to foul them harder and more quickly to stop them from getting a shot up.
PhilMN16::Love had NEVER done anything like this before.
PhilMN16::Hmm, good point.
abovethelies2::No he hasn't and I never said he did. However, if you watch the past few game especially against Indiana you'll see that teams are getting pretty physical and Kevin is getting ticked....This happens to players when they move from good to All-Star status. Teams try to take them out of their comfort zone......Kevin WILL ADJUST
Fullserenity::And the refs better get control from the start if these teams have any games left versus each other this year.
natskivna::I'm gonna have to make that game.  :)
PhilMN16::One more in Houston. Love will get booed alot.
natskivna::1 more?  I think?
PhilMN16::Brian Robison of the Vikings was caught on camera kicking a Packer player in the groin. All he got was a 15G fine. So this could go either way.
abovethelies2::To me Robison looked intentional.....Kevin looked "bad" but not intentional.....but its all about perception
Dinomeyt::I remeber that play I busted a gut laughing from laughing so hard
Fullserenity::I somehow missed this last night.  Saw this on Sportscenter this morning.  From the angles they showed it looked like he could have avoided Scola, and definitely avoided stepping on him that squarely.  If the league decides it was intentional, they should suspend him.  You can't let this (If deemed intentional) go by with a slap on the wrist fine.  You have to send a message that this type of thing will not be tolerated.  People get suspended for intentional elbows, so stepping on someone, which to me is worse should be no different.
Jacob 014::always a good point guard matchup watching these 2 teams play with rubio and lowry
PhilMN16::I just hope he doesnt do something like this again.
natskivna::Believe it or not, I hope he doesn't miss an important game for ya'll.  I like Minny and if Houston doesn't go anywhere, they are the team i'll follow instead.
Dinomeyt::Well now I think i've underestimated u. Ur not as bad as I thought. However, some of ur rocket fan kin are kinda going overboard with the suspension (i.e. 3 to 4 games)
natskivna::No he deserves suspension.  Doesn't mean I want your team to suffer for it though.
Dinomeyt::U've been making Kevin look like a criminal since the end of the game and now ur hoping for no suspension??????
Dinomeyt::give him the one gamer. I would say suspend for the game against charlotte. So we can keep winning
PhilMN16::1 Game suspension and fine him around 30G seems apporpriate.
Jacob 014::if it is a 1 game suspension lets hope its not the saturday game... im goin!
schase1090::anyone who flops that badly deserves to get their head stomped
natskivna::Did you know Houston is LAST in the NBA in fouls against?   They are getting NO calls this year.
abovethelies2::Too funny..Scola is a KNOWN flopper but I'm not sure Kevin will get out of this without some fine and/or suspension. ONLY because it "looked" bad.
PhilMN16::Here lets say it like this. Kevin should be fined but not suspended. It was the refs fault it got out of hand. So how about suspend the refs?
PhilMN16::1 game suspension I can see. But some Rockets fans are saying 3 or 4 which is outrageous.
Dinomeyt::I don't mind a 1 gamer. Next game is against the kings, who we can crush with or without love.
abovethelies2::ditto...at least the group last night
natskivna::1 game suspension.  Have to send a clear message this type of play can't be tolerated.  Fine him 25G too.  That seems appropriate.
stone419::you cant blame the refs for the actions of love
PhilMN16::Well first they were letting the players play and then after awhile they started calling ticky tack fouls. It all started with Rubio getting fouled shooting a 3.
natskivna::That game was fairly called (no team had advantage) but was WAY too physical.
stone419::i agree, but kevin is an adult so thats not really an excuse
abovethelies2::Dude its not just LOVE....it was the entire flow of the game that became too physical........BEFORE the Love incident.
Dinomeyt::I think every player in the NBA would applaud the suspension of refs
PhilMN16::Lol.
Dinomeyt::And THIS is why FSN needs to play more wolves games
Jacob 014::get an hdmi cord...
Dinomeyt::I look at the videos, not the commentators. What I meant to say was. I can see a play better on a 32" HD screen than I can on a laptop computer
natskivna::Ah.  Gotcha.
Jacob 014::lol i watched the game online with houstons announcers and wasn't a fan... very biased... but then burt blyloven for the twins is probably the most biased announcer in sports :p
PhilMN16::It was hard to concentrate with those Houston announcers.
natskivna::Fair enough, but the video equipment doesn't change either way.
Dinomeyt::I prefer fox sports north thank u very much
natskivna::The video you see of the play was FSN- Houston.
Dinomeyt::So we don't have to rely on crappy youtube videos and blurred image
jairushawkins::Ndamukung Suh Stomps on a mans arm and trying to catch his balance = Dirtiest Player in the NFL (Even though it was on purpose). Kevin Love looks down Stomps on a mans head Because "There wasnt a lot of places to put my size 19 foot" = It was an accident.
be_kool16::Suh stepped on an arm with extra force. Love kicked the head/chin/neck area which is a more critical body part. love could have stepped around scola but instead decided to step across his face as he looked down at him. he clearly stares at him on the floor before he steps. wether he actually wanted to step on his face or just completely step over scola to intimidate him, he could have avoided it all together. there's no use of comparing suh and love incident it doesnt make the other incident less intentional. i dont see Love as a dirty player like Suh.  Love is just a hard nosed player.  that being said, he used poor judgement and might have lost his cool. i wouldnt be surprised for a suspension. a hefty fine with a flagrant 2 sounds more likely
johndaker55::Suh stomped on the player, while wearing spikes. Love stepped on the player, while wearing gym shoes.  Huge Difference
Dinomeyt::Agreed. U can clearly see Suh lifted his leg and rammed it into the packer players hand
Jacob 014::no no no... in suhs case you can see him step down extra hard... you can see the "intent" as people keep saying.... there is definitely multiple ways to view the incident from last night
jairushawkins::Suh tried his best to hurt him.
PhilMN16::Whats different between Love and Suh? Suh was a 5th time offender. This is Loves first offense. Big Difference.
jairushawkins::True
FranklinStrut::Finally, a word of reason.
FranklinStrut::His face was in Kevin's way. Accidents happen.
Jacob 014::tough to tell if there was intent or not... it does look like there might have been a way for kevin love to aviod scola but at the same time it was a fast play... i will admit that im impressed me the way scola handled it-especially in the interview... as a wolves fan he has always kind of annoyed me but he was the bigger man in this case
abovethelies2::I completely agree that Kevin was agitated....that's why I think he'll be suspended.....because it "looked" bad.....I'm just not sure about the intent. I do believe that Kevin tossed Scola down just before that happened and he should have been called for a foul. The Ref's let the game get ugly for too long and that's what will happen....
abovethelies2::They were pretty bad too say the least. This stuff happens all the time when the Ref's don't control the game. In the pro's, college, AAU..etc.
natskivna::Absolutely disgraceful job by the zebras last night.
Jacob 014::ya i could see it... and it surprised me... but at the same time it wasn't forceful whatsoever and you would think that if he were that upset the stomp would have been a little more "emotional"
natskivna::If you watch the previous play, you can see A LOT of physical play that Love was in the middle of.  As he was walking down the court, he stared HARD at the refs...perhaps said something...I can't tell.  Then he hacked the sh*t outta Scola as he was pivoting in a spin move.  In other words, to me, he seemed to be in an agitated state of mind when he stomped
be_kool16::i agree with stone 419 and abovethelies2. so what if scola flopped. a lot of people flop. they get called. and they dont get called. kevin might not have intentionally kicked scolas face, but he intentionally wanted to step over him as he stared in his eyes and blew kisses with a wink (when he could have stepped around him). luckily it wasnt as much force to kick scola's head with more of an upward motion to severely crank his neck because Loves foot was very close to being under the chin/neck area.
abovethelies2::Kevin hacked..Scola hacked...the Ref's let it get out of control.....Again, it looked bad but I'm just not convinced about Kevin's intent....
PhilMN16::I dont think he did it on purpose.
stone419::so u think you can step on his face because he flopped?
PhilMN16::Of course he hacked. But Scola made 2 of the biggest flops in that sequence.
natskivna::Are you saying Love didn't hack either?    SMH......
PhilMN16::Again, we all have different opinions on that if it was on purpose or not.
stone419::even if he did flop, it doesnt mean you can step on his face
PhilMN16::So you're saying Love is strong enough to hack the sh*t out of a Pro Basketball player with 1 arm? I'm not buying it Scola flopped.
jairushawkins::A least the rockets lost fair and square this game even though the technical's shouldn't have been called still lost fair and square.
abovethelies2::Hey I like Kevin but if he get's suspended no one should be surprised and if he doesn't get suspended the same would apply. My guess is that he'll get suspended because of the way it "looked" regardless of the actual intent....
Dinomeyt::I believe he will be fined at most. In that case, just pay it up and continue domination
abovethelies2::If he does....look at as a missing a game or two because of injury which is life in the NBA.....STUFF HAPPENS
Dinomeyt::I would like it to be known now so we can get over this and watch kevin play
abovethelies2::Who knows.....can't see it going past next week.
Dinomeyt::When will we know if he is suspended?
purple28mvp::After  stomping his face, Love should've called a timeout and gave him a quick haircut.
abovethelies2::funny
PhilMN16::LOL
jairushawkins::KEVIN LOVE LITERALLY WENT INTO THE LOCKER ROOM AND APOLOGIZED. IF HE DIDN'T DO ANYTHING ITS NOTHING TO APOLOGIZE FOR. AND HE SAID "It Was a heat of the moment Play". He BASICALLY ADMITTED TO IT. IDIOTS.
Dinomeyt::which is what love did after the game.
FranklinStrut::When you have class, you say sorry for an accident!
abovethelies2::Only a fool can look into a mirror and call someone an idiot.....please chill dude.... there will be a tomorrow.:-)
Dinomeyt::If Love doesn't get suspended (which will happen), or fined (possible) watch the rocket fans come back to this board and just lose it
PhilMN16::Minneapolis 5 titles&gt; Houston 3
natskivna::Rockets vs. Timberwolves all time  Rockets 58 wins  Twolves 38 wins  Playoffs  Rockets 3  Twolves 0  Titles  Rockets 3 Twolves 0
Dinomeyt::How much does Dallas hate houston, because i'm ready to ask Mav fans to help us put rocket fans in their place. This is getting nuts
Dinomeyt::I know its a sin, but these people need to realize that its sunday afternoon, not saturday evening
abovethelies2::Just like the last two games against the Wolves????lol
jairushawkins::13-11 &gt; 12-12
FranklinStrut::12, 12 = 50%=Average which equals ????   Kevin Love deserves better fans than these "golly gee that wasn't very nice of him was it" goofballs on this board.   Love is a stud. Any team should want him. He was running! This is the NBA as opposed to the WNBA.
otownmagic4life::He looks down at the dude and proceeds to stomp, suspended 2 games.
FranklinStrut::For running? or playing hard?
stone419::ur blinded by your love, im not saying he's a bad dude, but he did a bad thing
FranklinStrut::Accidentally. Not Love's fault if his face was in the way. This is too much fun. You folks really think Kevin Love stopped some dudes face on purpose. We are talking about Kevin Love!
stone419::for stepping on the guys face. duh
spotchester::Sure looks intentional to me.
Sainthubbins56::Agreed, Scola definitely flopped intentionally.
Antsea91::Haha dude got his $@% stomped on #KloveThugLife
Jacob 014::what are the chances of a suspension?
b.ball_player28::100%
Dinomeyt::Time to bring the price is right slogan, lower go lower. I would say 0.0001%
b.ball_player28::ok 70%
Dinomeyt::nil
Dinomeyt::zero, zip, nada
natskivna::"Say goodbye to Kevin Love for a game or two. Can't be stompin' dudes." -David Thorpe
natskivna::Happy?  No.  Satisfied?  Yes.
abovethelies2::Will that make you finally happy? Really? ........Let's hope your Rockets can start another winning streak soon....
phxpilot3::I am not a wolves fan but u guys are pretty much calling him kevin suh.  It didn't look all that bad really almost seemed accidental
Dinomeyt::thank you!!
b.ball_player28::just got confirmation that DeMarcus Cousins will kick kevin love, when the wolves and kings play in couple days
abovethelies2::Let's hope that he isn't suspended before the game because he hates his coach.....Do you think Bill Laimbeer will come out of retirement...lol....I like the DeMarcus connection....too funny but good
abovethelies2::Cousins can be a superstar IF HE CAN JUST MATURE.....but that's a big if for him.....too bad
Dinomeyt::Cousins just needs to grow up. Is he playing decent as of late? yes, but u can see it in him that he does not want to be with the kings
Dinomeyt::DeMarcus can enjoy doing that, it will just make kevin mad and further his reputation as a dirtbag
Dinomeyt::Cousins is as pathetic as they get. Enjoy the fact that ur on a team to start.
PhilMN16::LOL, poor Cousins.
b.ball_player28::lol yea cousins reputation is already ruined. so he got nothing to lose
natesweet72::Kevin Love is a big fan of Ndummykong Suh.
Dinomeyt::Ok can we seriously get over this? A game is a game. Move on to the next one and leave the past behind.
abovethelies2::Good point I forgot about the "intentional" groin throw.....Again, its all about perception...
PhilMN16::OK OK, So the NBA should suspend Scola for throwing the ball at Love's groin. We dont know if that was on purpose either.
Dinomeyt::Ur defending Scola, and I'm defending K-love. Its wat a fan does.
PhilMN16::Maybe he didnt do it on purpose? Has that ever crossed your mind? Scola said it was his own fault for being in Love's way!
natskivna::If the Wolves fan's weren't so interested in protecting their guy, they would see it for what it was.  A thug move.
natskivna::Go back far enough to last night and you will find me stating just the opposite of what you wrote.    So...yes.  You're reading comprehension (or perhaps just your intelligence?) = FAIL.
abovethelies2::Really??? You have to be kidding joking regarding reading comprehension. Too funny just like your "thug move" vs "thug" analogy....please......lol
natskivna::A thug MOVE.  Not a thug.  Reading comprehension please.
abovethelies2::.Kevin Love is a thug...too funny. I didn't like the way it looked but thug.....OK dokie
b.ball_player28::chill, im calling DeMarcus Cousins right now, hes gonna kick Love's face next game...
Dinomeyt::I am not going to get involved in that. We r making too big of a deal out of it. Loves shoe size is 19. Try not getting hit by a size 19 shoe
PhilMN16::If the Rockets would have won they wouldnt be here complaining I gurantee it.
PhilMN16::If this guy were on any of your teams you guys would defend him too. Stop acting like you're saints.
b.ball_player28::lol yea, last year people were saying Love is just producing big numbers on a bad team, but this year the wolves are actually playing good. what do u haters gotta say about love now?
natskivna::Exactly.
b.ball_player28::but if we are talking about how Love stepped on scola, thats unsportsmanship. doesnt matter what team he is on...
natskivna::You keep saying this.  Bullsh*t.    SPORTSMANSHIP is always first in my house.  Its what I taught my kids and its how I was raised.  Loyalty to my team ends when the possibility of harm to another begins.
natskivna::Its NOT ABOUT FORGIVING!  Whether I forgive him or not is irrelevant.   Its about making a statement that actions have consequences.    You can't have people stomping on others.  PERIOD.  What is so hard to understand about this?  Should Rubio get stomped on the next time he's on the court helpless on the floor?
PhilMN16::Scola forgave Love. Why cant you? Love apologized. Forgive him. Life goes on!
natskivna::Thats crap too.  I completely gave props to Minny last night on their win.  STOP DEFLECTING.
PhilMN16::If the Rockets win, I gurantee this guy isnt here complaining. This is ridiculous. You cant tell if Love did it on purpose. Neither can I. We dont know what went through Love's head.
b.ball_player28::so if lebron steps on Love's face, and heat win, u dont give a s h it?
natskivna::What the hell is the matter with you?  How bout you stop making this about me and FOCUS on what Love actually did.    Love was about 3 inches from stomping Scola's head into a concussion or missing teeth.
PhilMN16::Its not bullsh*t. We will never find out because he doesnt play for the Rockets. But you act like you are sin free. Nobody's perfect. Forgive Love and move on.
b.ball_player28::didnt memphis trade Love on draft night for mike miller and telfair? LOL
b.ball_player28::imagine a line up of Love, gasol, z-bo...holy
Dinomeyt::They  got miller and telfair for love too. Not bad of deal in my honest opinion. I hated Telfair
PhilMN16::OJ Mayo I think.
Dinomeyt::Yep.
sprtfanusa::about time wolves stomped somebody!
