12utahjazz32::Jimmer Fredette is playing well, the Kings need to give him more time. They need to restart and rebuild, either give him a shot at developing somewhere else (trade) or they need to work on developing their young stars. Obviously this starting group have hasn't been successful.
JohhnnyT::Keith Smart coaches like a man who's being paid to make sure the team loses so it can go to another city.  I would hate him if I were a Kings fan.
mosesbyu::Free Jimmer!
terrell43n::I'm disappointed in the Suns this season. This team has the talent to be A LOT better. But, Michael Beasley is going to have to play more than 13 minutes, even though they beat the Kings(not too good a team). Not sure what Gentry's thinking.
bergster391::I'm glad Fredette had a good game, but when he plays extended minutes the other team tends to score a lot too, evidence by the big comeback from the Suns.  He needs to be in a better system to have success individually and team success.
12utahjazz32::I think that Jimmer does need to improve on defense. In my opinion his problem is that he doesn't have to drive (because of the lack of reward when he plays well) or the experience to be a great defender. But I feel that because he is such a good scorer the kings need to work on developing him. I think that Jimmer should start next game.
sirchawls::The team was +5 when Jimmer was on the floor.  That argument doesn't hold up in this case.
Michael137052::Cuz he played in the third quarter? 31-14 is a pretty big run that I don't think jimmer was in for.
slaughterpj059::Smart needs to quit playing games with Jimmer, Isaiah and others and just play them. This crap about giving guys DNP's and then they play a game or two for minimal minutes is a joke. How can you build up your young talent if you don't give them consistent minutes and see what they can do night in and night out? Who knows you may just find out that they really are ballers or their not. Better than sitting them on the bench leaving people to wonder if they are capable or not.
TheRydog3::You know this is a very common problem for high school coaches too. Maybe Smart should have started at that level.
jhug0::free fredette!!!
Italics87::Please get Jimmer onto a team with fans/players/coaches/owners that are worth a damn
cha cha chia-::Jimmer is MVP caliber
apr1989::22 points in as many minutes...garbage  -SAC Coach (don't even know his name)
Italics87::Coach Dumb
favofJC1967::Ive been using this betting system called sportsbettingstar the past few months. Im making around 2-3k a month profits using the systems picks. If you search google for sports betting systems you can learn more about how this system works. If you bet on sports at all you gotta check this out.
Cougz4Life::#freejimmer
gary_bettman_hearts_the_coyotes::The suns are finally playing to potential!!! Watch out thunder!!! Lol
arizonasting13::We are a force yo
john-GOAT-amaechi::dragic is a stud muffin &lt;3
REVRAND2::And the kings suck.. They need to give jimmer the ball when he's open instead of forcing shots.. They look like a high school team out there.. Actually Lone Peak High School plays better ball than the damn kings
lewisk09::If this doesn't get Jimmer more minutes, I don't know what will
PhatmanXL::Thomas had consecutive 20+ games and isn't playing enough either
j_erick11::IT is still not shooting well, but you are right. Brooks needs to be on the bench with Jimmer and IT getting the minutes right now. Brooks just isn't getting it done.
REVRAND2::He's scored 20 plus before.. Coach smart probably won't even put him in next game.. Just watch.
REVRAND2::REVRAND2 - I'll explain it.. Coach Smart AKA Coach Dip Sh**, is not qualified to coach in the NBA! He's terrible! Jimmer is a scoring machine! Don't try to make him into a ball handling/ passing specialist!! Let him do what made him the National Player of the Year! The guy averaged 33 points a game in 40 minute games!!! He deserves the damn ball and he deserves more PT!!
REVRAND2::For HELLS sake FREE JIMMER!!!!!!!!!!!!
calvintheidiot::lol isaiah you think youre too good to pass to jimmer...
surasosa::i just read the write up for this game... never have i seen a pathetic chump let off the hook again and again like keith smart is.... no questions about y he rode a lathargic unit in the sec half all the way from up 12 to down 8 before going with the unit that gave him the lead to begin with... maybe because they know he's a racist pig, and they dont want to touch that with a ten foot poll
Mambaholic 33::Wow! that guy Lin really took it to Knicks...Where did he come from?
razzledazzletj81::Coach Smart did a great job evaluating Lin, too.
80zislis::Much better
Mambaholic 33::Subject police?
80zislis::Use subjects in your sentences.
80zislis::Jimmer needs another year. Yes he's in a bad situation, but he's going to continue to get better this year ad next. He needed time to adjust at BYU and then excelled. Same can happen in the NBA.
80zislis::Totally agree. More PT now, greatness next year.
surasosa::he needs another year? really. for what, a scoring championship.... fredette is top ten in points per min... no more talk of him needing another year... its time for him to play now
JonathanGeorgeRD::I've been a big cooler on Jimmer but the Kings are way better off with IT/Jimmer than they are with Brooks. Jimmer still can't play D a lick but the dude can score, he needs to play more. Either him or IT!
j_erick11::Because they stop people without him on the court? His defense is around where the average in the NBA is, bad. This league is about scoring and that's what he is doing so yeah put him on the court and worry about him learning to stop people later, or never, Steve Nash gets away with it.
PhatmanXL::The difference is that Jimmer plays against the other team's second or third team guards. Let's get real: his defense is a major liability, but that could be offset if he played in the starting line up with the King's front line to help him. He and Isaiah need to start, but there's not going to be a lot of stopping anybody.
Daniel7900::Jimmer plays better defense than Isiah. I really wish people would realize this. Watch Isiah Thomas on defense, the only time he is watching his man is if his man has the ball. The rest of the time he just runs at whoever has the ball while his man does whatever he wants unimpeded.
braineater000::His defensive ratings this season are no worse than IT's or Brooks'.  His +/- is second only to Salmons.  The "defense" argument isn't as strong as his critics would like to think.
SuppaMario::Jimmer could fit well in dantonis system with the lakers. The lakers could definitely  use him.
jhug0::love this idea!!!
80zislis::I'll be a Laker hater for life. But would bend a bit if they got Jimmer.
SuppaMario::I used to hate the lakers also. Until steve nash went there. I'm a phoenix suns fan but I love nash so i have to like the lakers. lol
braineater000::I hate the Lakers, but I guess anything is better than the Kings.
80zislis::How do the Jimmer haters out there explain his +5 tonight vs the -20 for Brooks in the +/-? They lost by 11 but the team was +5 w Jimmer on the court.
REVRAND2::I'll explain it.. Coach Smart AKA Coach Dip Sh**, is not qualified to coach in the NBA! He's terrible! Jimmer is a scoring machine! Don't try to make him into a ball handling/ passing specialist!! Let him do what made him the National Player of the Year! The guy averaged 33 points a game in 40 minute games!!! He deserves the damn ball and he deserves more PT!!
80zislis::22 pts in 22 min.
MrBillyBates::jimmer sucks
braineater000::Wooo, look at you, you're awesome.
braineater000::Simple.  He's short, white and mormon, and his critics just won't stand for that.
Grantox::well it was only the suns they played against lol
80zislis::I'm asking you to explain the relative performance. The opposing team doesn't matter.
braineater000::How does that make any sense?
outdoorathletic801::Jimmer with 22 points in 22 minutes warrants not getting off the bench next game  Keith not so smart
benbross929::It's ok kings fans. the world is ending in 4 days
Grantox::keith i mean ben.... you are so smart
SportsFan9741::Who else took the Kings +7 2nd half, and witnessed the carnage unfold?
PartyInTheBackfield::demarc is probably gonna want a trade
mikebaprovo::FREEEEEEEE  JIMMMMMMER!!
Grantox::happens every single night he manages to get off the bench!
mikebaprovo::22 points in 22 minutes.  Unreal that he sat almost the whole 3rd quarter.
SportsFan9741::I took the Kings +7 2H
benbross929::Id take kemba walker or brandon knight who were both still available if the kings kept their original #7 pick over Jimmer. good job front office
Grantox::yes Ben Bross wink wink( keith smart ).... we know you were not coach then and got stuck with a great player like fredette. what a shame! we understand keith
BubbaSpiker::Yeah, we get it.  You don't like Fredette.
brock n bryce::#FreeJimmer
nargash::Guys I want to have s/x with mormon girl, would she do it?
B33Fsupreme22::You two should get together. Dorks in love.
Grantox::lol i know you were just playin... most are very good. just get some naughty ones sometimes
nargash::LOL sorry man didn't mean to make fun or anything. I respect all religions and I was just wondering because I have never met a mormon girl..!!
Grantox::lol I am mormon lol. But yes a lot will go nuts. but truth is a lot of the small town mormon girls are kinda loose. Not all but you can find them
Grantox::most are but there are naught ones
nargash::I will ask this question in UTAH game. It will be fun to see the mormons go nuts..!!
Grantox::ohhhh nooo,
nargash::I thought all of them are tight..!!
Grantox::somne will.... go to richfield or beaver utah and they are loose
benbross929::Jimmer is the Tebow of the NBA bad player lots of hype
Grantox::shut up keith smart
mdizog::Jimmer is the truth.
outdoorathletic801::jimmer 22 points in 22 minutes.. next game he probably won't even get off the bench.. Smart is an idiot
Grantox::exactly what will happen
nargash::Whenever your point guard is shooting attempts more than his assists by double digits, then he has no reason to be a PG..!!
dahojas::Jimmer played the 2 idiot
nargash::Any PG in the NBA, including IT,BROOKS,JIMMER,WESTBROOK...etc..!!
Grantox::you refering to IT or brooks? cause jimmed played SG tonight so know your not talking about him
calvintheidiot::isaiah pass the ball you can't shoot today. jimmer can.
80zislis::FREE JIMMER!!!!!
razzledazzletj81::Smart, Give Jimmer and TRob, you know, your top draft picks at least one game of 35 minutes together  and see what happens. It can't be any worse than the starting five and it will be alot more entertaining.
scow79::I don't know, they might fall out of playoff contention if they made such a drastic move.
Grantox::or fall into playoff contention lol
benbross929::It's ok Sacramento fans you will be put out of your misery soon enough when your team moves to Seattle.
Grantox::Ben wink wink....( he is keith smart) thanks for finally clearing up your intention on the abuse of jimmer
SB4LlFE::they're moving to the east coast..
benbross929::i'll put money on a team moving to seattle before virginia beach
Sun-Devils-Cardinals-Suns-Diamondbacks-Sun Devils::As many of you know,I have posted the message"Spurs fans suck." many times. So why do I hate the Spurs? Because my Phoenix Suns got SCREWED in 2007. That Amare suspension was totally unfair and unwarranted and it cost the Suns the key game of that series,game 5. It was totally unfair and unwarranted and it may well have cost the Suns the 2007 NBA Championship. After 2007,being a Suns fan gives me no choice but to hate the Spurs.
TheRydog3::GO SPURS!!!! TIMMY D FOR MVP!!!!
Grantox::lol i dont know what to tell you except that was years ago! get over it!
scow79::There it is!    Love hearing it everytime!   And it certainly doesn't ever get old!   Even after almost 6 years.
2bowdown::Its 2012....... Get over it!
nargash::Why stupid coach Gentry doesn't run plays through Scola every game? The guy can pass(10 assists) and he can shoot from anywhere. Just run pick and roll with him and Gortat and you will find open 3's (Dragic,Dudley,Brown)...!!
scow79::My bad.  I misunderstood you since you put Dragic as one of the open 3 shooters.
nargash::I didn't mean him dribbling. Dragic pick and roll with Scola mid-range then help D will come and Dudley/Brown will be open or Gortat has deep position in the post. Thats what I meant..!!
scow79::Does Scola really have the ball handling skills to run a PnR with Gortat?
Oscar Robertson::Jeremy Lin was saving his best to play teams like the Lakers, Spurs, and the Knicks.  For instance, he has scored 38 points against the Lakers, 38 points against the Spurs, and he has scored 22 points along with 8 assists against the New York Knicks.  Jeremy Lin was averaging 26 points per game during his Linsanity era with New York Knicks.  It appears that Linsanity is still alive in this the world. Jeremy Lin has earned my vote for the All-Star.   This win tonight has assured Lin to become the starter in the All-Star game  Jeremy Lin owns the New York Knicks this season because he is 2-0 against them.
scow79::No China has assured Lin becoming an all-star.   Not his play this year.
Grantox::agreed!
Grantox::yeah  i think not.. i like lin but only has had a few good games. too inconsistent. i think he needs to come off the bench so he can be out there when harden is not. Lin would the be more effective, and so would rockets bench
KingKobe5rings::and people actually pay to see these garbage teams play ? LOL
Grantox::most people pay to see jimmer for the kings!
TyrekeTheKing13::the third quarter jimmer didnt play... and look what happened
Grantox::Ben bross wink wink  shut up we know you are keith smart!
Grantox::imagine him on D antoni system! thats a all offense no defense system! he would tear it up! if he came off bench and was not playing when kobe was lol
Grantox::Jimmer is not horrible on D just not very good. maybe a bit below avg, but for some reason he does not let up a lot of pts IMO and the team always plays better with him out there and rarely ever starts falling behind.... so is his D that bad?
benbross929::lol
Grantox::Exactly my point!
Grantox::yeah but come on his d sucks... casue the kings let up 31 pts and only scored 14 while jimmer was on bench! it shows jimmer cant play D
scow79::Just because the rest of the team can't play D, doesn't mean that Jimmer can.   On the other hand the fact that the rest of the team can't play D should be a reason for Jimmer to see more playing time.   He couldn't be any worse.
Chasssmith::22 pts 22 min #jimmer
benbross929::If anybody should be getting more pt it should be thomas robinson. top 5 pick only playing 16 minutes
benbross929::Because playing somebody who is nba ready and can be a premier rebounder is silly...
scow79::Well when you have such a high quality player such as Jason Thompson on your team, it's just hard to find time for you're 1st round lottery pick.
Grantox::shut up we all know you are keith smart!
