You can get Heat Blasted::Dj3garrett Ignore NbaistheWorst b.itches like a female over and over again about the same thing  ---  Correct. Very female-like.
nba is the worst::Why are there so many heat fans in high school here on ESPN?  It's easy to tell by the immature video game and gender references, they can't argue with facts so what's left is lame personal attacks.  Carry On!
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Wonder if these people who always complain about refs realize how lame they sound? My guess is no.
allout718@hotmail.com::Only lames are you who act like the refs don't swing games.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Waaaaa waaaaaa waaaaaa. Cry me a river. You losers act like y'all could do a better job.
Antsea91::glad to see that wade fanboys are still slurping. lebron &gt; wheelchair wade gtfo u bandwagoner wade fanboys
Heatfan31634::When are you tools going to learn that the Heat are just playing around in the regular season, and in the postseason they turn it up, you haters are here arguing that the Bucks are any kind of competition for the Heat, yeah sure they might be a playoff team this year with edition of Ellis but it's ridiculous to say they should have won the game when the Heat were up 18 in the first half.
allout718@hotmail.com::They ain't built for what they will be facing at MSG.
markh96::The Heat will absolutely steam roll New York in the playoffs. Yes NY is much improved, but so is Miami. Bosh will pull Chandler out of the paint, leaving the lanes wide oped for Lebron and Wade, so New York will have 2 options: Concede dunks/lay-ups all night to Lebron and Wade and let them get in to rhythm; or they can double the slasher. Its a lose-lose situation. Playing one-on-one with either of them will lead to them getting in to a rhythm and when those guys get going, NY will have no chance. Sounds like they'll have to double right? That might be even worse, because Miami spreads the floor with so many shooters, when NY decides to double team they will be leaving WIDE open some of the best shooters in the league. So its pick your poison for the knicks, and anyone else for that matter: Let Lebron and Wade go off all night and pray nobody else scores, or try and stop them, and pray the sharp shooters have 4 off games (in a best of 7 series). To put it simply; this team is constructed with the best possible supporting cast around the best player in the world, and they are running the best possible offense for Lebron to thrive in. The League really doesn't stand a chance unless Miami has major injuries. They are just way too good.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::You must be an ignorant New Yorker, they come a dime a dozen.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::This is nothing new just crazy no one besides the few of us realize it. Heat aren't built for the regular season, strictly postseason.
nba is the worst::Ha ha, up 18 in the 1st half is more relevant than tied at the end of regulation with all the ref help?
TiagoLebron::nba is the worst said something about 'play the game' but I see him everyday and everynight at Miami boards, for exemple he has typing7-8 hours ago,  and I see that 2 hours ago he was still typing here. I doubt that him play actual basketball
nba is the worst::Right - everyone knows there's lots of gyms open on Thanksgiving...
GDavis_W::Rumor has it that he is actually a she. If that's true, we'll know why 'nba is the worst' knows nothing about nba bb.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::2k13  is as real as it gets for him.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::"but anyone who plays 2k13 knows one sided officiating when they see it." -nba is the worst
MSU SPARTAN PRIDE - PISTONS RULEZ::I like sniffing feet.
Bamm7272::Is that you Rex Ryan?
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::"The game is only fair if each team gets the same amount of fouls and free throws." -nba is the worst
GDavis_W::She? Wow...no wonder
GDavis_W::nba is the worst, why are such a tool? Your f-ing logic to game is like trying to listen to Skip Baylis only worse...and that's not a complement.  -Honestly, u sound like someone who plays the game yeh, but u know s.hit about the NBA game.
Bamm7272::She trolls every Heat win...
nba is the worst::Total BS.  You might look into how many times Ken Mauer presides over games with huge statistical outliers in ft differential.  Last year's biggest was the 32-5 ft diff that the lakers were handed by Mauer and co in Memphis despite less points in the paint - oh, and that was an OT "win" too...  I've NEVER said there's a relationship between fair officiating and "the same amount of fouls and free throws" - but anyone who plays the game knows one-sided officiating when they see it
fansdoc::LMAO you shouldn't speak you moron, the more you talk the more f.u.ck.e.d up you sound. s.t.f.u. and play you playstation loser
nba is the worst::Guess you don't play, eh?
fansdoc::s.t.f.u. idiot what a moron: 'anyone who plays the game knows'  LMAO as if you playing basketball in your moms basement.
Dj3garrett::NbaistheWorst b.itches like a female over and over again about the same thing... Refs, refs, refs, and free throws... Do you ever get tired of that? What do you get out of complaining everyday about refs?
Bamm7272::She trolls every Heat win. That's a lot of trolling LOL
duro.::stop whining please, the better team won, move on
Clueless Heat Fan::quit crying heat deserved more frre throws i love watching labron and wade shoot free throws so exciting!
RageKage14::I also like watching them hoist the trophy.
LedgendsContinue2012::Come on folks the Bucks is one of the teams that has always, always played tough against Miami and it is just not the past two year. Also if you look at Brandon Jennings he turns up whenever he is going against the best players in the game. Good win Heat, protecting the home court.
Clarence2126::the milwaukee does are proving to be who they truly are, frauds, just like every year.
DanNYC2816::by losing a close game to the defending champs?
nba is the worst::Bucks 46 FGs, Heat 41.  Ha ha...
TakeItEasy234::He's a troll. Don't mind him.
Bamm7272::"She's"....
Clueless Heat Fan::I kow rite who wants even calls heat should get more always no question
Sini123::You are right. The Heat won and he is on here trying to make a big deal out of something. No one really knows what he is talking about. In the words of Forrest Gump, "Stupid is as stupid does." Lol!
Treydey10::Jennings and Ellis were a combined 13-41 shooting and the Bucks shot 5-29 from the 3 point line. You always seem to blame the refs for every Heat win.
markh96::The difference in the game was that Miami shot 48% and 45% from 3 point range, and Milwaukee shot 42% and 17% from down town. And did you ever think that maybe Miami gets more calls because they play more aggressive offense, and are better defenders? Of course not, because you are completely ignorant when it comes to your comments about the Heat, and your perception of games is clearly influenced by your dislike for Miami. I hope you know that you come off sounding like a butt-hurt, uneducated, and ignorant moron who, for some reason gets off by saying things that do not really make any sense in a lame attempt to get a reaction from other people on these boards. And all you really do is make yourself look stupid, and an easy target for people to embarrass due to your obvious lack of knowledge when it comes to basketball and your completely off the wall attitude. So, for your own good, I would suggest toning down the hating and ridiculous comments that ooze ignorance, because all your doing is discrediting yourself and everything you say, so even if you make a good point, it goes unnoticed due to all of the outrageous things you say. But I'm sure you'll pay no attention what I have to say, that is if you can even understand it.
nba is the worst::Sure - just ignore that the difference in the game was the ft margin
Treydey10::nba is the worst - Your perception is faulty. I have no problem with legit heat wins.  If any team best two players shoot that poorly from the field, it's a good chance that team will lose. The Heat have been bad at defending the 3 point line this season and the Bucks shot 5-29 from the 3 point line. That's why they lost, it had nothing to do with the refs.
nba is the worst::Your perception is faulty. I have no problem with legit heat wins.
TiagoLebron::Mia 18 three at Bucks 29 three at  maybe this solve your problem, bucks was mainly trying jump shots and 3s and Miami was driving all day. But oh you never get this into account only fts what a poor guy
nba is the worst::What BS.  Points in the paint:  Bucks 52  heat 50    Try again
MudrunnerVA3::C'mon, tighten it up Battier! 0 points is unacceptable.
Sini123::Leave Battier alone. He works hard and is entitled to a bad game sometimes.
markh96::Its incredible that he guards guys like Blake Griffin. He just looks so unassuming out there, like a regular dude lol I love it. Im a big Battier fan, gotta respect the way he works.
TiagoLebron::lol nba is the worst still whining about fts diff Maybe Bulls 5ft diff in playoffs back 90s was rigged to?  I see the guy every time in Miami boards trolling, I barely see him in Knicks boards lol
TiagoLebron::Did I say something about Knicks game LMFAO no.  I've said every year some team has more fts than another. But you do not judge plays but ft stat and foul stat at end of game.
nba is the worst::ha ha nice edit chump - since you DID refer to the knicks.   How is Bulls 5 ft diff comparable to the heat 24 fts in the Finals?  smh
nba is the worst::Did you happen to notice that there was 1 pf/ft difference in the Knicks game?  smh
MudrunnerVA3::Every time people say Wade is washed up, he does this. The reason Miami wins and won a championship (twice) is because Wade is there.
nba is the worst::* *
brandonlee561heat22::Back to .500 for the Lolkers and Celtics : (
You can get Heat Blasted::THE LA SUNS
oneandonlybabe::Well I'm out. Everyone enjoy thanksgiving and watching football if that's your pleasure.  We get a break from those awful refs for one day -if not from the ref complainers.
Michigan is Overrated Every Year::Looks like Miami and OKC used the same script by mistake.   David Stern is hoping nobody notices that the NBA is scripted.
nba is the worst::Miami, +21 fts. OKC, +6 fts.  The difference is obvious.
nba is the worst::Just a typical Ken Mauer game, heat +21 fts and "win" by 7 in OT
Trent taking it to the house::ok bandwagoneer
Trent taking it to the house::LeQuit and the Heat are a joke. 33-12 ft atts. So typical.
miami360x::The Joke is others teams tying to defend us without fouling us.
You can get Heat Blasted::More ft's coming up.
miami360x::Is there ever a day when you don't b!tch about the refs?
miami360x::Only when it comes to the play where Wade would pumpfake to get the other player to jump and then Wade would jump into the other player to get the call. But the NBA did away with that just for Wade. It was a cleaver way to take advantage of the rules and others players were starting to copy that move. But I disagree with the whole zero contact argument.
oneandonlybabe::@miami360x me too unfortunately. happy that those days are gone. what a jerk he was.
nba is the worst::So you have to agree there's a lot more truth to Wade being given calls with zero contact than MJ, right?
miami360x::You can check with google all you want. I'm actually old enough to remember watching Jordan.
nba is the worst::Ha ha, the Pistons started the Jordan rules, which meant hammering him and knocking him down as a defensive strategy.  You bringing up the "breathed on" = foul is ironic (and hilarious) considering D. Flop getting 97 fts in '06...
miami360x::Wade in the 06 finals was one of the best solo performances in the history of basketball.... Knowing nba is the worst, he is checking the stats.
nba is the worst::Yet It's Wade that has the alltime Finals record for FTs in a Finals series.    Other fun facts include MJ getting 0 fts in one game of the '97 Finals, and the most fts he ever shot in the Finals was 21, while wade was given 25 in game 5 vs the Mavs (entire Mavs team shot 25)
miami360x::Players used to joke that if you breathed on MJ the refs would call a foul.
oneandonlybabe::I didn't watch the entire Miami/Mil game. Heat had some down right embarrassing stretches and Lebron was annoying the heck of me to be honest, so I don't know how it went as it pertains to ref calls. I guess my point really was that you seem to focus more on ref. issues when the Heat win than when they lose... just an opinion.
nba is the worst::It's hard to focus on one missed call in a close game as being the key - but it does illustrate the control refs can have on outcomes in basketball.   Game 2 ECF last year (with mauer and +19 fts for Miami) and gm 2 Finals (obvious foul on lebron no call) come to mind. I didn't say that fouls/FT being even always equates to fairly called gms, but 3X margin games mosly aren't, because it's normal for players to guard people the same as they are being guarded, and if calls only happen on one end, it's hard to overcome.
oneandonlybabe::Oh and I don't know that fouls/FT being even always equates to fairly called games.
oneandonlybabe::well people thought Melo was fouled late in the game which could have changed the outcome. I don't really know and since I extremely dislike Melo and thought he was acting, I can't really express an objective opinion.
nba is the worst::1. Ken Mauer was convicted of felony tax evasion. No other sport would consider employing convicts as officials.  2. In the Knicks game, the fouls/ fts were virtually even. That game was well called. Not so in Miami...
oneandonlybabe::when the Heat lose, I would imagine.  By the way there were a lot of ref complaints at the Knicks game too.
Padger Fan::Michael Jordan &gt;  Lebron and Kobe combined.....
limsewan::lebron&gt;jordan+pippen
miami360x::Jordan could not play power forward or center. Lebron would run through him.
Rampage262::Teams don't play defense anymore. That's why Lebron runs through everyone.
Great Year In Sports Brothers::LeBron James vs Kobe Bryant&nbsp; LeBron James averages more points per game for his career&nbsp; LeBron James has a higher shooting percentage for his career&nbsp; LeBron James averages more assists per game for his career&nbsp; Lebron James has twice as many triple doubles as kobe in 1/2 the time LeBron James averages more rebounds per game for his career&nbsp; LeBron James averages more steals per game for his career&nbsp; LeBron James averages more blocks per game for his career&nbsp; LeBron James can defend all 5 positions on the floor, Kobe cannot&nbsp; LeBron James has a higher PER for his career&nbsp; LeBron James has lead the league in win shares 4 times, Kobe never has&nbsp; LeBron James is 27 and he already has 3 MVPs and an NBA Finals MVP&nbsp; Kobe Bryant is 33 and has 1 MVP and 2 NBA Finals MVPs&nbsp; I don't care about total titles won, He rode Shaq for the first 3. If you use that logic you might as well say that Robert Horry is better than Michael Jordan. LEBRON &gt; kobe
demon_speed::Nothing dumber than using titles solely to measure a players career.
nba is the worst::And who does that?  How did lebron's PERFORMANCE in the '11 Finals measure up?
nba is the worst::Nothing dumber than comparing roleplayer titles to starter titles.
demon_speed::WORD.
Padger Fan::The last 2 games the Bucks have played are the exact reason why Milwaukee will not do anything again this year in the NBA......
WoolyWoolwine83::The only blowout loss the Bucks had was to the Grizzlies, and considering how they've played, that's nothing to be ashamed of. We're playing well, but we need to finish games, we've let three games slip away, that has got to be fixed. If we can fix that, we'll go further than people expect  Then again, if we DO go far, I fully expect David Stern to cockblock us again
Yup I am here.::People, who call themselves basketball fans, amaze me.  Why do they cry about free throws as if all the teams are supposed to have the same amount of free throws for both teams every game. If that happened then you could say it is fixed. BUT, last I checked not every team has Lebron, Wade and Bosh. They have made a career of being the man and they will get fouled more than the average player. I love the Bucks, but they do not have ANY players like them.
nba is the worst::Sure - why not 30 or 40 more fts for the home team? Smh  No one says "the teams are supposed to have the same amount of free throws for both teams every game" - but anyone who's played the game knows that you guard people the way you're being guarded, and if the calls only happen on one end of the court, it's almost impossible to win
markh96::"you guard people the way you're being guarded"   That tells me you have never played basketball in your life. These guys play defense the way ALWAYS play, it doesn't change from game to game based on how their opponent is guarding them. The play to their strengths and play defense within the system and based off their opponents weakness, for example, of your opponent likes to go right, make him go left, if your opponent likes to post up, do not let him get to the block. Good god, your complete lack of basketball knowledge is actually appalling. It would be acceptable if you didn't say the things you do, but its really disrespectful to those of us who have played basketball that you say the things you do like they are fact and that you're 100% right, when in reality you couldn't be more wrong. Please stop trolling these boards, all your doing is making yourself look more and more like a child. Although thats almost disrespectful to children, because you would make my 8 year old brother look like the Wizard of Westwood.
.antistratfordian.::You can't expect every basketball fan to be savvy and reasonable... there are more morons out there than not.  But maybe it's not even inanity as much as it is sore loserdom.  Losers look at free throw disparity and see what they want to see.
_Fresh__Prince_::the MORONS always come out when the Heat Win.
81WASIV::FTs- MIami 33 // Milwaukee 12. nope, the NBA isnt corrupt at all
721Antonio::My $@%. Heat won because the Bucks aren't ready yet. Stop being such a sorry excuse for a fan. You are hurting the game we love so much
81WASIV::partly true. biggest difference is Wade and LeBron get rewarded for flopping on every play. two of the strongest players at their position always falling down if someone comes w/in 2 feet of them
markh96::You do realize that, due to their strength, they also DONT get a lot of calls. There are countless plays in which Lebron or Wade get fouled and no call is made because they power through the foul. Sometimes they need to exaggerate the contact so the ref can see it, otherwise opponents would just hack them all game and get away with it. There is much more to why they exaggerate than you know.
warfreakbix::slashers vs jump shooters
abkicksa::52 points + whatever points missed due to fouls 50 points + whatever points missed due to fouls  A more valid comparison would be FGA in the paint. It may still favor the Bucks, but unless you provide a link with play-by-play video evidence of each and every horrendous call the Heat get, while also including the horrendous calls against the Heat and thus doing a fair comparison, it's just whining.
nba is the worst::Points in the paint: Bucks 52 heat 50  FAIL
orlando0809::Why didn't Rashard play tonight????
_Fresh__Prince_::COLD
famman1968::been following a bet system called SportsBettingStar a few months back. Since I started playing this system I have doubled my money in just two months. You can find this system on the first page of google if you search the words Sports Betting System.  I recommend this system to anyone that likes to bet on sports like I do
Allen Conder::go away
10dallinmoon::i like how kobe fans are raving about him finally shooting somewhere in the neighborhood of 50% while lebron is shooting like 47% from 3-land... smh
raggy8292::I honestly don't even have an issue with lebron. It's just so annoying listening to people on these boards. How about longevity? D wade is already slowing down. Kobe other than athletically has not. Lebron will most likely long before kobe had. Everything about lebrons physical attributes makes the game so easy for him. Kobe works way harder and I respect that because ive played the game
markh96::What makes you say Lebron will slow down before Kobe did? Have you seen how is playings, there is no more of the reckless attacking of the rim, with the exception of close games, when he becomes more aggressive. He is getting easier shots than ever due to his improved post game and all of the weapons around him. You know Lebron has been essentially the healthiest player in the League for the last 10 years right? The man takes unbelievable care of his body, and couple that with his god given athletic talents, and he is here to stay for the long haul.   And I hate to burst your bubble, but Lebron's work ethic is just as good as Kobe's. Every new player that plays lebron say the one thing they never knew about him was how hard he works on his game. All of his ex-teammates have been quoted saying Lebron is the hardest worker they have ever seen. Just because he has all of these athletic gifts, and it looks so easy for him doesn't mean he doesn't work hard. You need to do a little more research before you say something like that. Lebron has been better than Kobe for 4 years now, and he will be around for about 6 or 7 years after Kobe retires, and his play will NOT slow down. Im sorry but when its all said and done, Lebron will have had the better career, and it honestly won't even be close.
demon_speed::Yup, 1st time in Kobe's career he is finally getting "it" , after 17 years and LA fans go hyperventilating. LOL. Kobe's efficiency are off the charts relative to his usual, while Lebron and Wade has been efficient for years. LOL. There's a reason Kobe trails Lebron, Wade, CP3 in most saber metric measures -he's overrated.
raggy8292::kobes shooting over 40% on 3's.. more difficult then lebrons wide open mad space 3's i should add
markh96::Lebron shoots the majority of his 3 pointers off the dribble, he is a much better shooter off the dribble, as opposed to catching and shooting. So any space he has on his 3's is space HE created. I believe something like 12% of his 3's are assisted, meaning he shooting off the dribble on 88% of his made 3's. Compare that to Kobe, with 38% of his 3's being assisted. So actually, your idea about Lebron have more "wide open" shots, is completely wrong.
warfreakbix::Why does he even have to shoot contested 3's though?  % doesn't account for degree of difficulty.
smoothcriminalXD::43%
.antistratfordian.::yes
Allen Conder::thats including tonight?
.antistratfordian.::smoothcriminalXD - 43%  44.4%
smoothcriminalXD::not really most of Lebron's 3 pointers are wide open looks while Kobe has to work for every jumpshot he takes   lebron's ability to drive to the hoop is opening up his long range shooting which he is improving in.  Lebron is getting more and more unstoppable every year
Allen Conder::correcting him actually makes the stat look more amazing lol
LeBron James is unquestionably the GOAT::Remember when Michael Jordan won a LEGIT NBA title (one that David Stern didn't hand him)?  Neither do I.
abkicksa::It would probably be easier to remember if you were born in before the late 80s.
BasketballTensai::$@%! off cun-t, and stop liking your own post.
Allen Conder::Don't do that bro...
LBJ6-DETROIT-313.....::Mr. Bradford - 3 double-doubles so far this season, solid from the line and he even made a 3 pointer against the Nuggets. He's been boss so far this season.   <b> you are so dumbb bosh has more than 3 double-doubles.</b>
Erban Legend::Haha this clown is still picking fights.
LeBron James is unquestionably the GOAT::What a great win for the Dynasty Heat! That's right, DYNASTY. This team has the pieces to go 79-3. 70 more games to go #HeatFam! :D
LBJ6-DETROIT-313.....::no
10dallinmoon::we aint going 79-3, SHUT UP
LeBron James is unquestionably the GOAT::YES! YES! YES
LBJ6-DETROIT-313.....::no
LeBron James is unquestionably the GOAT::yes
rbaran13::And where's our damn grades Haberstroh lol?
LBJ6-DETROIT-313.....::They are getting ready for thanksgiving
rbaran13::I think Bosh easily deserves his allstar game spot more than Wade does his so far this year
Mr. Bradford::3 double-doubles so far this season, solid from the line and he even made a 3 pointer against the Nuggets. He's been boss so far this season.
O_L_O_::What's funny is teams play Miami, Boston, and LA like its their championship game. Thats why its harder for the heat to keep winnning. Some dudes that average 6pts a game will magically go for 28 pts against miami. The knicks will soon learn this, the more you win the more teams are going to play you harder.
Darren8732::I thought i was the only one who notice.
Mr. Bradford::Bucks just ran out of gas. Heat held the Bucks to just four points over the final two-and-a-half minutes of the game (two of them were a garbage basket by Brandon Jennings when the game had already been decided). Bucks proved that they're still an interesting force in the Eastern Conference.   Good win, Heat. See y'all again December 29th.
.antistratfordian.::Well you're playing in Miami heading into OT...  it would've taken a herculean effort for the Bucks to pull that one out against the champs.
Mr. Bradford::91-84 Bucks with 4:28 to go in regulation. That's as good as it got. The tank went  empty after that, but against the current champs, it's okay.
MB920716::hey lbj6 detroit,  i know u probably discussed this but how u think wade did tonight?
LBJ6-DETROIT-313.....::He was great..... And that's what I kind of expected, since he had a week of rest.... I wanna see what he can do consistently...
flyazwade39::you've seen it for 9 years now...he's not a rookie
Infamous Dinosaur::he thinks kobe &gt; wade
LBJ6-DETROIT-313.....::Yes I think that... But that don't mean I will say wade played bad today because i think KOBE&gt;WADE..... Wade played great today
Infamous Dinosaur::LBJ6-DETROIT-313..... Yet Kobe is all-time sg assist leader ---------------------------------------------- thats easy when u have 7 footers tipping in ur air balls.
demon_speed::Nope Kobe avergages 4.7 for his career while Dwade averages 6.2. Even Drexler and MJ averaged more.
.antistratfordian.::Kobe is not the all-time assist leader for SGs anyway.  That was just flat out wrong.
LBJ6-DETROIT-313.....::WOW how come ray allen don't have more assist than kobe?????? they played around the same amount of years
.antistratfordian.::Allen doesn't handle the ball as much as Kobe does.  For Kobe's usage rate his assist totals are garbage.
SWAG_WOOP_WOOP_BASED_GOD::Or when you've played 16 season
Infamous Dinosaur::that too.
SWAG_WOOP_WOOP_BASED_GOD::Detroit = Undercover Laker troll disguised as Lebron fan
LBJ6-DETROIT-313.....::If a die hard laker fan said Kobe is better than lebron, I would have an argument on why i think lebron is better than kobe
LBJ6-DETROIT-313.....::I know he is DUMMY, I never said kobe was better than lebron
Infamous Dinosaur::lebron is better than kobe...
LBJ6-DETROIT-313.....::Nope, I am not bias... Just because lebron is my favorite does not mean i have to hate on kobe....
allout718@hotmail.com::Nearly all of you who love LeBron hate Kobe.
.antistratfordian.::Obviously.
James59923::LeBron is a sf it isn't his job to fet others involved either. What's ur excuse for kobe?
.antistratfordian.::There is no excuse for Kobe.  All of the greatest SGs in history never had a problem being great passers and great playmakers... just Kobe.
LBJ6-DETROIT-313.....::He is averaging over 5 assist per game for his career,  if you don't count his rookie season when he was coming off the bench.... His rookie season he was only averaging 15 minutes per game he was averagung 1.6 assist per game also....
.antistratfordian.::haha.  nope.  Drexler has more assists than Kobe.  So does Reggie Theus and Allen Iverson and Michael Jordan and Jerry West.
LBJ6-DETROIT-313.....::Yet Kobe is all-time sg assist leader
James59923::Bosh has really stepped up for the heat he's playing very aggressive in the paint now he's confidence is very high n is proving he is a all star pf
.antistratfordian.::All-Star center now... well, if they still had all-star centers...
Infamous Dinosaur::i think he can still be top 3 as a front court player.
SWAG_WOOP_WOOP_BASED_GOD::Detroit why do you keep on saying you don't bring up Kobe when in every single Heat board you say Kobe is the best SG trying to bait people to argue with you?
LBJ6-DETROIT-313.....::I only say that when i see someone hate on kobe
.antistratfordian.::BS.  You talk unprovoked sh*t constantly.
Mr. Bradford::Every player gets hated on by someone. Get over it.   I personally hate Adam Morrison. Freeloaded himself to 2 titles.
SWAG_WOOP_WOOP_BASED_GOD::No you don't and are you Kobe's personal b.itch that you respond to every comment about Kobe?
James59923::Kobe is a great player but u cant compare him to jordan n lebron their on another level
allout718@hotmail.com::You can't compare LeBron to Kobe and Jordan.  -- Fixed.
demon_speed::WORD.
Mr. Bradford::I'm not a Kobe fan, therefore I'm a hater! Correct?
allout718@hotmail.com::No, correct.
.antistratfordian.::No, you're intelligent and reasonable.
SWAG_WOOP_WOOP_BASED_GOD::BJ6-DETROIT-313..... Kobe is playing great as usual BUT he have 6 turnover which is bad.... But howard only attempted 3 shots so far he also only have 6 points -------------------------------------------------------------- LBJ6-DETROIT-313.....   I was just having multiple arguments about kobe with multiple people in here, If you don't wanna talk about KOBE well stop bring up his name... If you scroll down in look, I was not the first to bring up kobe....
LBJ6-DETROIT-313.....::Scroll down further,
LBJ6-DETROIT-313.....::But i see comment that was 1hour ago when people were hating on kobe lol
SWAG_WOOP_WOOP_BASED_GOD::That comment was 30 min b4 that comment FAIL
O_L_O_::The heat are doing just what I expect them to (COAST). They will not turn it up until march and april like last year. Im not worried about the defense, I know what they can do when they turn it on. They know they will make they playoffs, so why burn out in the regular season.
.antistratfordian.::I'm not worried too much about their defense.  They clamp down when they have to.
LBJ6-DETROIT-313.....::Treydey10 - You're going off the first 12 games, and evryone else is judging Kobe on his last 16 years. kobe has had a great start, I don't think he can keep it up.   <b> Its not hard to shoot 50% if you try to shoot 50%... Kobe knows what is best for his team..... But you wanna know whats funny???? In wins Kobe shoot less than 50% but In losses Kobe shoot above 50%... So maybe kobe need to start jacking up shots lol</b>
LBJ6-DETROIT-313.....::gt1master_ike - If you want to talk about Kobe, go to a different thread. No one here is talking about him except for you.  <b> I was just having multiple arguments about kobe with multiple people in here, If you don't wanna talk about KOBE well stop bring up his name... If you scroll down in look, I was not the first to bring up kobe.... Once people start hating on kobe N BLAMING kobe for a lost when clearly the lost was not because of kobe that's when i started talking about kobe... Majority of heat fans hate on kobe because they no wade will never be ranked higher than kobe all-time &lt;3 &lt;3</b>
.antistratfordian.::He's not going to go to the Lakers thread.  It's just non stop Kobe bashing right now.
.antistratfordian.::.antistratfordian. - He's not going to go to the Lakers thread.  It's just non stop Kobe bashing right now.  You don't have anything to say anyway.
Mr. Bradford::Just shut up. Please?
LBJ6-DETROIT-313.....::Because people are hating here.... STOP the hate and I wnt have anything to say
Mr. Bradford::NO ONE is bringing him up but you. Move along.
Stevie j face::Shut up
Fee.Forbin::Bucks need more rebounds. A lot more.
Mr. Bradford::They rank in the top 15 in the league with 42 rebounds per game (average), but give up 40 themselves.  Is what this team really needs to do is score more points. They're 25th in the league at this.
KN_WisconsinFan::Bucks played well against the best team in the league, at their stadium.  I'm impressed.  Need to fix the D though
.antistratfordian.::They really needed Dunleavy to do better than 1-7 from deep.  If you want to beat Miami you have to make your threes... and as a team 5-29 isn't going to get it done either.
