Eric Johnson::Lets go Blazers! Shake it off!
Meron Foto::I'm seriously questioning this coaches decisions to bench Wright, T-Rob when we actually were playing better with those guys. But now we have Leonard (dude with the lowest B-ball IQ in the team) and Barton while the team has been  struggling. This makes ZERO sense.
Meron Foto::Please please bring T-Rob back to the rotation. Leonard is clueless out there and doesn't even know who he is guarding. My God!! At least T-Rob is physical and can shoot mid range shots.
Meron Foto::Don Groves Agree.
Timothy Josh::How do we feel about the over in this game (208.5)
Matt Semperboni::What's scary about the Blazers: When the threes are falling, they're the best team in the west. When they aren't falling, they're worse than Philly, Sac and Orlando.
Meron Foto::Not really...... if you look at their stats, when almost everything isn't working, they still are in every game to win it. They just need to improve on their D, which is their main weakness. You can't allow teams to score on you in the paint area at will.
Ayn Bland::Same with GSW.  No good team lives by the 3.
Eric Witt::If Portland doesn't right the ship we may be in the beginning of a collapse of historic proportions. The way they have played as of late is inexcusable...
Andrew Gosney::I was so pumped on this team.  But now i feel like they have almost Givin up once they had those back to back losses
Eric Witt::It's pissing me off... It's not about the losses, it's about the way they are playing. Just uninspired, sloppy, and the defense is non-existent...
Meron Foto::Coach...... next time give T-Rob some minutes. Dude is a hustler and physical unlike that 7 feet tall statue.
Meron Foto::THOMAN ROBINSON is making a case for coach Stotts and saying "You effed up by benching me", LOL
Ryan Jacobson::I'de be mad if Meyers took my spot too.  Something tells me that his pathetic 6 minutes tonight will be his last for a while.
Meron Foto::Ryan Jacobson  I hope so. The kid got great personality but he just not ready yet and is a liability out there.
Matt Johnson::Robinson needs more minutes make it happen coach.
Barret Mielke::Portland is overrated.
Meron Foto::Overrated teams don't win 26 games at this point. They aren't the best...... but still is a good team.
Adam Youman::Meron Foto as long as were done thinking that they are the best ;)
Meron Foto::Adam Youman  Hear hear. lol
James Gagner::Let's go Magic
Randall Evans::Does anybody know why T-Rob was benched in the first place?  We are playing so much better with him than without.  Also, i'm very happy to see CJ out there finally, although it'd be nice to see him paired WITH DL instead of always subbed for him.  Although they're smaller guards, they could make a great offensive back-court out there together.
Jeffrey Nicholas::It seems pretty clear to me that Harris is much better suited to play a stretch 4/6th man type role than he is to play small forward. He just isn't a good enough shooter from outside to maintain floor spacing with two post up big men on the floor, and small forwards are much better equipped to give him problems with their speed.
Don Layton::The thing that gets me is how the Blazers can clearly play defense but don't. I know they can because they often do when it matters most. Look at the 4th quarter tonight. They were flying all over, up in guys faces, rebounding, blocking shots, hustling. But for the first 3 quarters Orlando could pretty much do anything they wanted to do.
Jeffrey Nicholas::That kind of effort sustained over the course of a game couldn't help but affect your legs on jump shots. They clearly have prioritized how they choose to spend their energy every night.
John Osaki Jr.::Blazers are for real! Big-time Portland fans, turn-back-the-clock, and check out the great Bill Walton and Clyde Drexler in the latest book of basketball, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Mark Gilbert::only 7 TOs tonight which is awesome... hit what little free throws we got tonight and we shot alot better from the field as well,,nice win against a so so orlando team,,, wish Robinson would have played more last night,, I think he is the key to Portland defense in the middle besides  big squawk  lol
Eric Witt::Thomas Robinson has DNP's in 3 of the Blazers 4 recent losses, and very limited minutes in the loss to Sacramento. Coincidence, I think not. T-Rob brings energy and a boost to the team. Might he be the Blazers X-factor?
Brian Hauenstein::This game makes me wonder why did Stotts ever mess the rotation to begin with??? Obviously this is a wining team when T-Rob plays and a losing team when he doesn't. Don't fix what ain't broke.
Don Layton::Stotts is a great coach. Maybe he was using a temporary demotion to motivate Robinson.
Meron Foto::On a positive note----- Blazers are scoring more points in the paint than their opponent. You have no idea how refreshing that is to see. That's something this team needs to improve on.
Meron Foto::You have 5 straight games against .500 and so far they are blowing 3 of them. That's a great plan Blazers because you have 6 playoff teams coming up in the next 2 weeks.
Ryan Westberg::To be fair they have an excellent record against the best teams in the NBA. They seem to play inspired ball against the top teams in the west or east. Miami so far was the only team to beat them that is considered a "top team" in the NBA.
Adam Youman::Umm how did Thomas Robinson play 11 minutes yet have a +/- of +22???? jesus the magic mast have decided to suck it up big time for 11 minutes
Meron Foto::Dude was fired up for getting benched.... which makes zero sense on Stotts part the last few games. He was out there to prove it. lol
Ryan Westberg::Meron Foto   Robinson was taking a bit too many shots while he was on the floor. I think he was benched mostly for that fact, one of the highest usage players and one of the worst at True Shooting %.
Daniel Carfora::Blazer gonna cover the freakin over again with a ridiculous scoring 4th. It helped me last night, going to kill me tonight
Eric Witt::Assists up, turnovers down, and inspired defense at the end. Blazers can build on that, even if it is only the subpar Magic.
Lisa May::stotts is a great offensive coach, but without a defensive overhaul the blazers will have a quick exit from the playoffs
Ayn Bland::Losses to crappy teams just come out of nowhere and knock you down..  It's been going around.  Good luck, Blazers.
