Cam Newtons Suggestion Box::And with this win, because of games in hand, the Lakers are no longer in 8th place. LMAO @ Lakers fans.
danielpsheng@hotmail.com::where are the lakers fans?
gordlig::I'm a laker fan but will laugh with you on this one - I think they would embarass themselves in the playoffs.
BigNeuf::clutch clutch clutch win.
krappie2020::Good for the Jazz -- but it won't seem like the playoffs without a first-round exit by the lakers.
nodonovan1377::Utah is back in the 8 seed!!!
dark_angel_007_bond::Starting from now on, Laker fans will celebrate on every Jazz loss
JazzFanFromINDIA::They have been doing that for a while.
DucksRUNPac12::Portlands season is officially over, hit rock bottom. Just play the rookies and younger guys to get an idea who can compete for a bench spot for next season, protect that first round lottery pick. $@%!
Chris31708::<b>412Bart - I want the Jazz to make the playoffs but it will be just like last year.....The Spurs will sweep them again.</b> ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- I don't know how many games it will go but I think it'll be a closer series than last year. Mo Williams has been a thorn in their side this year.
LeBron Drinks GOAT Milk::#$%!&amp;#%  -Laker Fans
jason21382::Utah taking back what is rightfully theirs!
Shub2308::Rightfully?
LeBron Drinks GOAT Milk::Laker kweer
arizonasportsman::Fact: Lakers have lost 3 straight in Sac Town.
tfoutz31::Suck it Kobe !!!!
11Devin::If Kobe is the best player on a team = lottery balls
EspnHead21::Oh!!! Last time I checked the box score Portland was leading, but Utah came from behind to PICK UP A HUGE VICTORY! THE JAZZ ARE COMING AT THE LAKERS HEAD ON FOR THAT EIGHTH SPOT. YOU'VE GOT TO LOVE IT! THEY'RE TAKIN' NO SHORTS AND NO LOSSES. GO JAZZ!!!!
Kobelies247::Another BAD team comes into Portland and beats the Blazers!  News @ 11
free derrick favors::oh I get it you are a pi.ssed off Laker fan. Lol sucks to suck
Kobelies247::lol how does my name make me a Laker fan? You ppl are dumb
free derrick favors::Over .500 = bad?
Spurz2013champs::GO JAZZZ!!
arizonasportsman::Jazz tiebreaker with the Lakers gonna be BIG!
CarlyJoni::Congrats Jazz!  You finally won on the road!  You can put away the Lakers for good now if you can continue winning at home and maybe one more on the road!
Viktor Karelin::Congratulation to the Jazz for getting back in the 8th spot.
Bill92264::The playoffs are a funny thing, any team can win.... except you # 9 seed Lakers.
412Bart::I want the Jazz to make the playoffs but it will be just like last year.....The Spurs will sweep them again.
UtahQuad::Let's not forget that just a week past, Utah took the Spurs, fully healthy at that, to Overtime in San Antonio. Also the Jazz did beat the Spurs in Utah as well. It may well be a sweep, but for some reason I don't think it will be. It would be a miracle that Utah could win it or course, but I tend to think it will go 5 or 6 games.
412Bart::Are you joking? Believe me I would like to see a good series but the Spurs have the Jazz's number.
FrankPisstrashcio211::The Jazz have played us tough this year. I think it would be a good series.
Bill92264::The problem is we are overconfident.  ---Kobe talking to the mirror
Jumeax::"overconfident"  Said Kobe NEVER
AceManCometh03::the problem is this is happening regardless.  ----- kobe talking to katelyn faber
FrankPisstrashcio211::Well, after this year's cataclysmic failure by the Laker$, I have to drop Kobe out of my top-200 all-time.
FrankPisstrashcio211::I'm addicted, and there's no turning back.
AceManCometh03::there u go drunk on truth serum again
FrankPisstrashcio211::I put him in my top-200 after that game because he shot a career-high 25% from the field, but now, I just gotta drop him.
Wolvesfresh::I would have done it after the 6-24 in game 7
TreC1983::wow Utah actually played like they wanted to win
sportsfan1014::lol, every night is like team USA vs Lakers now..
mikeisildur::THe mighty ducks
AceManCometh03::nice job jazz.......the whole country is rooting for u. @#$% the Lolakers
AceManCometh03::pretty hammered myself
kyleharris55::I was coming to the board to say the same thing.
FrankPisstrashcio211::Ace!!
FrankPisstrashcio211::My feet; I just did a keg-stand!
AceManCometh03::I only post facts on these boards! whats up man?
michaelkaid::jazz spurs, everyone wants to see the spurs sweep this team.  u guys are LAME O
free derrick favors::STERN ALERT
kobe being kobe in colorado::"We have the greatest team ever assembled in the history of the NBA!" Laker fans during preseason  "Please lose, Jazz, so we can get the 8th seed!" Laker fans tonight
RockyMountainWay1::Lakers have no way of keeping up with the young, athletic Kings...that and Kobe bricking it up=Lakers lose :)
CarlyJoni::Sacto has a very good chance.  Lakers are hurting physically.  Run them up and down and wear them down is the best tactic.
24Franky1::but yet kobe has 5 rings and is 5 all time in scoring
Jumeax::#1 ALL Time in Missing
Wolvesfresh::"Dang something smells. Did you fart in our playoff seat, Lakers?  -- Utah Jazz
arizonasportsman::What's Jazz remaining like?
uteramdawg::A little easier than the Lakers'
FrankPisstrashcio211::Robert Sacre - Why don't you put Kobe in his place and take over at SG?
FrankPisstrashcio211::Keep your head up, son!
Robert Sacre::My time will come after next year. Until then I'm just a cheerleader
kobe being kobe in colorado::Yes, sir. That 8th spot is yours for the taking, Jazz!
michaelkaid::Can u people be honest. Idc what u say, u dont want the jazz in over the lakers. U know u wouldnt watch so stop acting fake.
Robert Sacre::is that you david stern?
milk_n_cookies14::If you're acting fake,then your being real hmmmm...
free derrick favors::Watching Kobe brick shots is getting old...
FrankPisstrashcio211::I'm a hoops' junkie; I'll watch anyone.
free derrick favors::Well it's nice to get an extremely rare road win and take the 8th spot!   Go Jazz! Go Kings!
TiagoLebron::If Kings win tomorrow, its over for the Lakers........
sjmcb160::Do the Nets still have multiple Williamses?
Infamous T-Rex::think so.
Robert Sacre::Kings will run the Lakers off the court tomorrow
Bill92264::I doubt Kobe can run with his crutch!
arizonasportsman::A crippled Kobe, No Nash or Metta the Lakers are DOA against SAC.
sportsfan1014::"those Lakers are hopeless now, my goal now is to make sure the Knicks will pass the first round this time"  -Stern
Nasser_::who you really hate : the Lakers or just Kobe ? ?
Gabriel Night::The forced marketing by everyone and the "fans" that eat it up. (not the real fans btw)
Infamous T-Rex::mainly their fans. and somewhat the media for making kobe out to be this "hero" that he's not.
RespectForTex::I don't like large market teams, and i don't like how overrated kobe is.
RespectForTex::I just don't like how small markets have to struggle and be pretty lucky to be successful while large markets can just attract stars and throw cash around like it's nothin.
Nasser_::large market teams like Lakers &amp; Heat have bandwagon fans .. i hate that type of fans
milk_n_cookies14::Both
free derrick favors::LAKER FANS
Kev_010::Having a lot of championships don't mean sh.it if the team can't even make the playoffs
Minnysota Vikings::All joking aside, the Kings have been playing alot better ball as of late. I wouldn't be surprised one bit if they beat the Lakers at Arco.
Nasser_::Isiah thomas playing extra good lately tho
sportsfan1014::T-wolves would have beat the Lakers few days ago..
Lakers4life254::Pop would sit his starters for the series and it will still end in 4 against the spazz
FrankPisstrashcio211::He's gonna rest the starters against the Laker$ if they get in and we'll sweep them in 3.
free derrick favors::It would end in 3 vs the fakers
tfoutz31::you wont even be in the playoffs!!!
milk_n_cookies14::Still 4 more games than the Lakers
sjmcb160::Me: I'll take a coke, a cheeseburger, and fries. Lakers Fan: Would you like to super size your order for an additional $.25, sir?
milk_n_cookies14::Racist.
2noodlekaboodle::How is it racist? Laker fans of all colors are too stupid to do anything but work fast food.
mikeisildur::I don't think you know what that word means
mikeisildur::*senor?
kdoggizzle::Oh, that's why Portland lost by this much at home. They didn't have Aldridge.
free derrick favors::But they had 3 extra men on the court helping them
TiagoLebron::Not to say Kings is 7-7 this month, with wins against Warriors, Clippers and Bulls They can pull an upset, but very unlikely.
FrankPisstrashcio211::The Laker$ won't upset the Kings.
Minnysota Vikings::It's only fitting that the end of the Lakers reign is coming at about the same time as David Stern's retirement.
RockyMountainWay1::Average IQ of your typical Lakers fan?
FrankPisstrashcio211::7.
ITrustTheMedia::It's directly proportional to their felony convictions, so actually surprisingly high.
John5249::"stupid is as stupid does"
24Franky1::your just the typical $@%!$@%
mikeisildur::HE IS THE LORD OF BANDWAGONS
RockyMountainWay1::You're a fan of the Lakers and Pats? lol
Nasser_::Utah jazz fans .. you really want to play the spurs in the playoffs again ? but anything can happen in the playoffs so good luck
lilstu3::Every team has to beat the veteran team to move up. It happened with Jordan vs the Pistons, Kobe vs. the Jazz,  etc..
mikeisildur::If it means Kobe Bryant is watching from some dingy bar on TV while trying to figure out which waitress he will assault later that night, yes
free derrick favors::I want the Jazz to take the honor of getting swept instead of the Fakers
RespectForTex::It's not like they don't play the Spurs well...Spurs barely beat em last game
FrankPisstrashcio211::The Laker$ are about to miss the playoffs with a $900-BILLION roster in David $tern's last year in charge....  This is PERFECT!!
