Manu Ginobili.::Good game spurs
Jesse_Magic_fan::Dwight Howard is staying!!  Papers signed!!  What now Nets fans?
WeAreTheMIB::I've been telling everyone for the past year that Dwight Howard is STAYING WITH ORLANDO.  HA HA....told y'all!!!
The_Devlin::Who cares about the respect issue?!?  I'd rather be the 2nd most successful major sports franchise in the US of the past 20 years!!!
ddldwts::Trade Dwight and fire Stan
Chris31708::You got both, happy?
Masta_ Da Magician::Spurs fans seem to have little man complex..They are obsessed with being respected and ESPN headlines. LMAO
WeAreTheMIB::Spurs fans don't have a little man complex...they have 4 LOBs and the highest win % in the NBA over the past decade.  The only three active NBA players with a win % over .700 are named Duncan, Parker, and Ginobili.
ImOldschool1964::Nahh, we just get tired of everyone in Kobe and LBJ's nut.sack -- It's nauseating.  I'm sure Orlando fans can relate.  Do you think i really give a isht about hearing about the HEAT 24/7?  All I'm saying is report the SPORTS news---and it sounds like you're still butt.hurt over last night's beat down.  LOL
luvnbayes::kawhi Leonard is getting better and better.  We now have four of the five closers set.  The fifth will always be in flux depending on the game situation,  but the Big Three along with Leonard should be givens.
WeAreTheMIB::Yeah...Leonard looked pretty solid last night.
spurs_sweep::ESPN will not let  me copy paste from my word document but I will say this. ESPN sucks, and they should be pulled from sports TV because of their unprofessionalism, they should treat every team with respect. Get off the Lakers, Heat, Chicagos knuts and start reporting fairly. This is whay I will stick with FOX, I hope you guys start to fall off here soon and a new group comes through because I would jump on the chance to watch something other than this crap. Edging someone is when you win by 4 or 5 points having to hold up to hands to show you how much you lost by is a beating. Sorry if it was your team that lost but those are the breaks. Just report the facts and keep your mouth shut.
Bexindy55::Let's not be idealistic and accept reality.  Sensationalism is the bread and butter of any type of social media and capitalism is a system based on constant propagation of profit with no end in sight.  The whole Linsanity phenomenon was a creation of the media, having everyone eat up what is spoon fed to them.  The fact is that people turn off their televisions when it comes to the Spurs.  I don't like it either but they have to cater to the large markets and big names.  It doesn't really matter to me as long as the Spurs win games.
spurs_sweep::ESPN: This is 2 examples of edging  This is definition of edging past someone •	John Lucas III powers Bulls past Heat 106-102 •	Kobe Bryant, Lakers edge Hornets for 4th straight win 107-101 OT •	Kevin Garnett hits tiebreaking jumper in closing seconds as Celtics edge Warriors 105-103 ESPN: This is an example of blowing out your opponent •	Tony Parker, Spurs edge Dwight Howard, Magic 124-112 •	Knicks rout Blazers in first game without Mike D'Antoni 121-79 •	Luis Scola, Goran Dragic lead Houston to second straight win 107-87
Masta_ Da Magician::Why are you so concerned about ESPN headlines? You got little man complex or something? You seem real insecure.
lynn20186::Loved the title....Spurs "Edged" the Magic.  But the 11 sentences devoted to the coverage of the winners of this game says it all.  Stellar job again, ESPN.
spurs_sweep::WTF ESPN
spurs_sweep::bla
spurs_sweep::Hypocrites
ImOldschool1964::This was worth repeating.
ImOldschool1964::.
ImOldschool1964::ESPN sucks.  Their unveiled disrespect for everything San Antonio is appalling.  SHame on you, ESPN.
CandySparker::Hola Lotta Love!
Buc_Masta::It's a wrap..Dwight is staying.. And I really believe it this time.  http://basketball.realgm.com/wiretap/219758/Dwight_Howard_Admits_Mistakes_Plans_To_Opt_In
Bexindy55::Serves Cuban right.  An over-bearing ,soulless owner with no respect for the game of basketball or team.  Just cares about moving his cards around to try and buy a championship.
ImOldschool1964::Jdz, howards antics weren't even CLOSE to the c.rap LBJ pulled with Cleveland fans---LeBrick will always be known for his circus stunt tv show to announce "taking his talents to south beach".  Nothing will EVER compare to that BS.  Howard's actions weren't even close.
ImOldschool1964::Great news!  this ruins Mark Cuban's master plan to signt D WIlliams and D Howard to try to make another run in Dallas!  Mavericks, one and DONE!  Sweet.
Jdzspace::you know what? . . .  . good. :)  I hope this is true, and if it is. I hope he sticks around and finishes his career in Orlando.   it's nice to see a young superstar with some loyalty and not just looking to hitch up to another flash in the pan wagon.   Good for you Magic fans, i hope he is sincere in his apology about all the crap he has put you guys through, it was very LeBron-esque.   and Dwight is better than that, on every level.
mbatkiew::Otis (or DeVos) better wake up tomorrow and pillage that Nets team of all of its assets (Lopez, Brooks, Morrow, everyone under the age of 25, all the draft picks, and salary cap room for the Magic) the same way that Masai Ujiri (or Kroenke) pillaged the desperate Knicks last year.     No other team can offer that (especially not the Lakers) and it would be worth it for the Nets because you're not pairing Amar'e with Melo, you're pairing one of the best PGs with the best C.    If Otis (DeVos) doesn't do it, he's an idiot
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::Tony Parker slicing and dicing through howard.....PRICELESS!
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::This game was close....until the Spurs and Tony took over in the wanning moments!
l.--_--.l::Orlando ran out of gas with 5 minutes left in the game and San Antonio pulled away.  Aside from the horrible defense, it was a well played game by both teams. I don't think the Magic should hang their heads, too much.
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::Agreed....it was an amazing game.
l.--_--.l::I just hope Dwight makes up his mind one way or the other, soon, so the Magic can either focus on trading him or trading for somebody.
anewman513::Why is the article titled 'Spurs Edge Magic'?  They won by 11 freaking points!
anewman513::5 minutes?  lol, 5 minutes is a long time in a basketball game.  Anyway, I did not say the game was a blowout or that the spurs dominated, but they still won by 11.  That's not "edging" the other team - that's a solid win.  If they won by a point or a bucket, that would be edging.
Buc_Masta::It was back and forth until the final 5 minutes..Stop acting like it was a domination.
Chris31708::It was close most of the game.
Buc_Masta::Wow so apparently Dwight has changed his mind again...He personally said he will sign the waiver tomorrow and plans to fire his agent.. He also apologized to the Magic organization for putting them through this circus.  This is crazy and I'll believe it when I see it.  http://basketball.realgm.com/wiretap/219756/Dwight_Howard_Confirms_Hell_Sign_Opt_In_Thursday_Morning
l.--_--.l::I can't believe anything that comes out of his mouth at this point. That bast<b></b>ard will change his mind six more times by tomorrow afternoon.
truetopia::Halfway through the article it says "Lost in the" mess from all the Howard drama was Tony Parker's great game....  Well, the drama is media driven, so therefore the author/editor of this article HAS THE CHOICE to talk about WHATEVER THEY CHOOSE
manbearpirg::Remember when Tim Duncan was really good at basketball?
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::Remember when you wanted your team to be like the Spurs?
anewman513::Remember when trolls were funny?  Yeah, me neither.
truetopia::Remember when you thought you had a p.enis?
manbearpirg::San Antonio still has a team?
hookemzuniga1022::Ummm Orlando still has a team? shouldnt there be a no title in 30 years rule .. your kicked out of the league
truetopia::Please tell us more about Dwight Howard
xX_TRUSPURZ_Xx::Did someone bring up the Fisher shot...Noooooooooo the nightmares just went away.
Strong Troll Orthenthald::If it smells like flipper don't drop the zipper
xX_TRUSPURZ_Xx::Don't judge me if I do.
soulfirecracker::Thanks for fitting the Spurs into the article ESPN.
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::And Tony is included in the MVP discussion now....so yea...about damn time!
cuckercrazy::howard asking for nash if he's gonna stay... could be lethal.. rest of the league better watch out for orlando http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
UTSisTexas::I wish skip would do the recaps for the spurs since thats his team in the west.  hahah skip i might not agree with everything you say but there is one thing i do agree with you on is the spurs making it out of the west.
SB47-Locker10::SPURS ARE A WELL OILED SCORING MACHINE.. MANU IS STARTING TO WARM UP .. Just in time for playoffs..
UTSisTexas::the best in the west!  next demonstration of our dominance is OKC!  they will feel the wrath of the silver and black.
xX_TRUSPURZ_Xx::The west is crazy the we have 13 team teams fighting for playoff spots only teams out of it is Kings and Hornet's
xX_TRUSPURZ_Xx::Di-did-did I stutter m.othalova
spurs_sweep::When teams start playing team basketball then they may be remembered like the Spurs will be for winning as much as they do. That my friends are what creates legacies. In 10 years the Spurs will be mentioned right along with the big market teams like the Bulls, lakers, and the Celtics even though they don't have as many rings. Many people don't know that the Spurs were one of maybe a couple teams that owned the Bulls in the Jordan era. If we could have been able to meet those guys in a championship game or hell even in the playoffs the Bulls would not have as many championships as they do now. Bulls fans can start crying but if you are a Bulls fan then you know the Spurs had Jordans number.
SB47-Locker10::Playoff that I hated bad was when Fisher hit that miracle shot .. That year was ours!!
xX_TRUSPURZ_Xx::Straight up and Since the Duncan era most wins in all of Sports...I think Spurs have only missed the playoffs like 5-6 times in 39 years.
Rudy_rush20::They only been out of the playoffs 4 times in 39 years.
anonymous_sports_watcher__::Any champ has to go through the West and that means the Spurs every year same thing
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::According to espn...if howard doesn't commit to his termination or sign it..they're still gonna go ahead and trade him!
xX_TRUSPURZ_Xx::My Spurs give "small market teams" hope.Even tho San Antonio is the 7th t biggest city in the U.S....Dallas is not a "small market" neither is H-Town 2nd most fortune 500 companies only behind NYC and Houston 3rd or 4th biggest city.You can win in a small market just have to do it threw the draft.
LCee210::also Avery Johnson Sean Elliot and Chuck Person was injured that season as well. Our star player that year was a aged Dominique Wilkins!
xX_TRUSPURZ_Xx::Didn't tank(wink wink) D.Robinson was out for the season that year.
natskivna::And tank like you did to get Tim Duncan.
xX_TRUSPURZ_Xx::And a GM like R.C.
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::Plus having a great coach like Pops has alot to do with it also.
BooYaa360::Just wondering, Howard stay for the rest of the season and Timmy surprisingly retire at the end of the season. Won't Howard wants to play for Pop and a well respected organization? He's still gonna be the man and you knows Spurs will provide him with great character players. In Pop we trusted.
SB47-Locker10::Howard is missing out on Championship rings!!
FrankPistachio211::I've always wondered about that, but Howard is a clown and wouldn't want to play for a disciplinarian like Pop.
thedrwolff::by the way.....for a career,   nobody has won titles with as many different supporting casts then DUNCAN.   Look at Shaqs final 5 years $@%!$@% himself out in desperation to win more titles....phoenix (because San Antonio and LA WERE NOT taking him)......no dice with Amare and Nash, lets try Lebron in cleveland he just went to the finals....nope, how about boston (yeah they just won. Maybe I can get a ring there by playing 40 games in limited min) sorry shaq.  Your shameless pursuit of a ring hopping contenders has made you look VERY bad as a person.   Do you know who the highest salaried player in the NBA is.  at 36 yrs old in 7 less min of playing time he just outplayed the SUPPOSED dominant center in the league.  IF...(and if is huge)...he has gas for the playoffs...and they manage to win it. There will be NO other player in league history with that resume of ALWAYS contending for a title or winning it for 15 years.  KOBE, MICHEAL, MAGIC....and Tim Duncan. (Sorry Boston but Bird won 2 and in spite of all the green oozing from ESPN this Boston team won as Many as detroit, miami, dallas,  and one less then Houston and ALL of the aforementioned went to the finals TWICE like you did)  except Duncan didnt just win for a streak with a great supporting cast. The people who say SAN ANTONIO keeps reloading are saying exactly the opposite of reality.   All the others won in streaks and MJ didnt win it for his first  6 YEARS people.  Kobe whined like a girl after shaq left (shaq was showing KOBE couldn't win without him and he couldn't) to bring in another center or he couldn't win it.  Duncan didnt PEEP when Robinson retired.  DIDNT CRY when Elliot left.  Bowen retired.  He just keeps winning...to the point that unless they win the championship he gets no props, no respect, no cred.  THIS SPURS CORE HAD THE BEST RECORD IN THE LEAGUE LAST YEAR,  HAVE THE SEASONS LONGEST WINNING STREAK, top 3 record against above .500 comp, parker is playing MVP caliber GOOD,  and oh yeah   they have 14 rings experience.   Kobe and TIM have won 9 of the last 14 titles.  By the way,  Kobe leads the league in scoring this year and Duncans production on 48 mins is top 25 in the league like always....he's just playing less then 28 a night.   IF Duncan wins it he gets GOD status.   IF he doesn't he will be ranked somewhere around 12th best player of all time.  This generation doesn't know Timmy well and they should.   Magic-Bird, Jordan, Duncan-Kobe  Those are the greats of an era of the past 30 yrs.
anonymous_sports_watcher__::Spurs Mofos...When all is said and done Pop will be the greatest coach in NBA History
maxpower8421::your crazy
J-SMOOVE2033::With Dwight gone, (2) Heat vs (7) Magic.  Can anybody say rape???
onzoownsyou::how can the nets trade howard to the nets they want brook lopez but his is injured so y dont the magic just accept andrew bynum for howard?
SB47-Locker10::HOWARD SCHOOLED BYNUM!!
maxpower8421::Bynum is not better then Howard
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::But you have to take into consideration that bynum is injury prone.
thedrwolff::The lakers arent giving up BYNAM  he's better then Howard.  Remember Bynam is young yet and pays with kobe's 30 shots a night.
WeAreTheMIB::Parker &gt; Nelson  Duncan &gt; Howard  GO SPURS GO!!!!!
maxpower8421::^^ That's obvious
abeigel92::Duncan over Howard? Haha.
BooYaa360::Tim Duncan at age 26 is better then Howard at 26.
matdog415::You know it!!!!!!!
screwhead2305::so Howard have you thought about coming to the Rockets in the summer?
rhowe982::Golden State fan can we get Greg P back please. PLEASE!
rhowe982::I am always amazed that this old team still gets the W's. Greg P is easily the best coach in the NBA now that Phil is gone. Tim Duncan amazing that the old man still can play great. Tony Parker is probably deserving of  MVP votes the way he is leading this team. San Antonio the best story of the year if they keep this up. Everyone always talking Miami Chicago but they have not won anything yet.
matdog415::That's why we don't buy high price player and try to win a champion we built. with great scouting group
alaingruen::We don't buy high priced players because high priced players don't go to san antonio via free agency.
SpurzWarz::True
alaingruen::Well Miami has, they won in '06.
alaingruen::That's no more fair than the Celtics fans or Lakers fans knocking us because according to them we ONLY have four.
matdog415::That's just one! ONE!
Clenbutador::Is Shaq still teaching Howard how to shoot FT?
SpurzWarz::Lol
thedrwolff::I LOVE the spurs for who they are and how they play.  The NBA doesnt put rat poison in Duncans red bull but they DO quickly respond.  Remember the period when the pistons won with billups  then San antonio then the NETS with kidd....the TV ratings were BRUTAL for those series...the very next year after Shaq leaves to miami and the lakers and celtics (TWO BIGGEST FAN BASES) sucked $@% with KOBE and PIERCE....what happened.  MCHALE sells out KG to the celtics and while seattle spells the end of BBALL by giving up allen.  memphis couphs up GASOL to the LAKERS.  Minn dies for the next 4 years and MEMphis is mediocre for 5 years after Gasol leaves.....do you beleive those trades are made to help the small mkt...or league revenue....grow up. ONCE in a blue moon a small mkt wins   houston/detroit/dallas and ?????????  THE SPURS winning 4.   Duncan gets no props and ESPN talks KOBE and BOSTON till they are blue in the face (IF I HERE RAJON RONDO IS GOOD ONE MORE TIME ILL PUKE) while DUNCAN wins 4 titles and has the HIGHEST career win % among ALL active players + 7 years exp., including 2 blocks shy of a QUAD double...IN A FREAKING FINALS has the best record last year till last game,  and espn.....talks celtics    the league goes where the fan base is and those are the rules of finance in big boy world
abeigel92::Or a 15 year old education level. Haha.
thedrwolff::its called 15 years of frustration spilled out
alaingruen::What are you frustrated about? I don't understand. I mean sure it would be nice for ESPN to talk Spurs every once in a while and not NY, Boston, LA, or Miami; but you yourself said it...four rings, and the best winning percentage in the league. In fact aside from players that played for the '60s Celtics only three players have a career winning percentage of over .700. Those three players are named Tim Duncan, Manu Ginobili, and Tony Parker. What is there to be frustrated with?
alaingruen::Wow, that was a really long and meandering comment, just kind of all over the place.
Strong Troll Orthenthald::Chris Bosh = Fake Tough Guy
anonymous_sports_watcher__::What you lookin' at? You all a bunch of $@%!$@' $@%!$@%!. You know why? You don't have the guts to be what you wanna be?  - Tony Montana  yeah that was a Heat board thing sorry
SportsFan8916::I just don't get it man..Dwight is doing this all for business..I mean the whole nets thing  who would wanna go to the NETS? they Suck   Deron and Howard aren't going to no eastern conference let alone win a damn championship  and Williams only has a handful of seasons left before he retires due to injuries  If Dwight wants to be on a team good enough to get him a chip he needs to include teams like OKC Bulls and Dallas
abeigel92::They don't have the salary cap..
spurs_sweep::Where are all those $@% Spurs haters now, thats right eating crow. It always amazes me when you try to say Spurs are old but yet they keep winning. You say oh they will be lose in the first round. Well, thanks for the vote of confidence because at least you can admit we make it to the playoffs and not watch from the couch. Where are those Portland fans talking crap about how a teams bench shouldn'r lose by 40 like we did when we spared you an $@% whoopin. You guys lost by 40 with your starters. Just pathetic, you guys shoud all go back to the ABA you don't deserve to be in the NBA and for those always crying about Spurs having 4 championships is in the past well it always seems the teams that don't have any rings talk the most crap. At least I can say my team has earned a ring in the last decade hell some of you have kids that graduated school before your team earned a ring so STHU already and deal with the fact my team can beat your team and that we are here to stay because we are champions and champions keep coming back.
Rudy_rush20::Duncan did just as good as Howard. Sweet.
WeAreTheMIB::Better.
Spursdc::They should trade Howard because he is playing to many games with the fans emotions
