Brandon18502::Mavericks will be 46-36
Clowncollegereject::Good to hear the Mavs talking like this, and good to see some vocal leadership.  Now if they'll only act on what they're saying, this could be a tough little team.
JustinTimeHeHe::If I have a hurt player in fantasy B-ball, should i put him on the bench or UTIL? What is UTIL? does the bench score points? And should i rotate everyday depending on who is playing that day? Thankyou, please help
Marek7476::Wizards were robbed. They go to the rim all the time and only 11 FT's??? Mavs had 33 of them.
JustinTimeHeHe::Yeah its a joke, the officiating has been horrible. Orlando, Boston*, Dallas, and especially *Lakers home games are always the worst officiating
sp6210::Left the game after the 3rd. Can't believe they almost choked it away.
azwildcat6867::Been using this  bet system called SportsBettingstar for two months. In just 60 days I have turned $2000 that I started with and have more than doubled it. I am still in shock at how well this system works since it looked bogus when I first started. I found it on the front page of Google by searching the term Sports Betting System.  I strongly recommend this system to anyone out there that likes to bet on sports.
pogi_mavs::trade murphy get andersen... waived cunningham get fisher...
thel1195::Mavs almost gave this one away.  Not getting stops and spotty production from the starters...except Kaman.  He earned his paycheck and more tonight.
Mr. Bradford::I get up and take care of a couple chores with my Mavs up 18 going into the 4th. Come back and we're up like 6.
Clowncollegereject::This is what happens when you get up, man.  Had they lost, you'd be running laps today.
robpinpa::Wizards.. Wizards.. another throw away year. What happened to Ted Leonsis turning this team around like he did with the Capitals... They better give tickets away to make it look like they aren't 80% empty by mid season.
Nicholas Obert::DC needs to stop having one awful quarter per game. They've shown resiliency, but they get in huge holes.
Nicholas Obert::Lost one quarter by 4, another by 14, tied in one, won fourth by 12.   That seems like every game so far. I don't think it's crazy to think they'll be ok with their 2 best players, hopefully keeping them from massive collapses in the middle of the game when they start abandoning their offense
-LeTs gO mAvS- 2.0::that troll spurs fan must have gotten mad cause I punked him out so he flagged me. What a loser. Anyways I'm out. Go Mavs
KentuckyAlum2012::When Collison filled in for Chris Paul his rookie year, I knew the kid would be a good NBA player. Now he's in a good situation to succeed. If it weren't for all the good PGs out west, Collison would be an all star. It's gonna be hard to draw votes away from Ty Lawson, Tony Parker, and Russell Westbrook.
Nicholas Obert::Early in the year, everyone's still feeling stuff out,
-LeTs gO mAvS-::Yea collison was a steal but I don't know what is up with him lately. He needs to attack the basket like he did at the end of the mavs and wolves game. Don't know why he stopped the last 2 games
ambroseiscool91::He will look much better in a minimal role.  With Marion back he can be more of an energy guy off the bench than a guy the Mavericks rely on for real point production (though he's good for the odd three).  I don't think his ceiling is that of Faried (he's drawing this comparison, probably mostly based on looks alone) but he can be a solid Mav for sure.
ambroseiscool91::I do think the Mavericks need a trade to become a true contender though.  With Dirk and Marion healthy they are a 2nd round exit IMO (Maybe a WCF birth if they get lucky).  A guy like Dalembert would be perfect if he could be had for some low rent assets (Jones and maybe some salary dump).  They need a defensive presence down low, even if its only for 20-25 minutes a game.
-LeTs gO mAvS-::The good think about the Mavs is that they can make the playoff for the 13th consecutive year while still having lots of cap space for this upcoming free agency. I trust in Cuban to make this team competitive
KentuckyAlum2012::I agree. I think we need a better defensive center. As good as Kaman is on offense, he isn't the best defender. Maybe Mark will go after Al Jefferson this offseason.
-LeTs gO mAvS-::Well no one gave the Mavs a chance in 2011. This team has potential to be better than he 2011 championship team and lot younger. I think cuban might do a trade by All Star break but lets see how this teams pans out until then
-LeTs gO mAvS-::Everyone is only going to get better once Dirk and Marion gets back. OJ Mayo will be draining 3's and collison will be like wide open to attack the basket. Kaman will be doing his thing. This is all because Dirk will be double teamed. Crowder has been great in the 3 point land but needs to develop a inside game. He is a great rookie pick up from the draft
Dirk Nowitzki 12X All Star 07RegularSeasonMVP 2011FinalsMVP::Game was not as close as the score shows. Mavs need to pick it up on defense. Go Mavericks!
Nicholas Obert::Except the 4th quarter where DC dominated.  They might be a solid team once Wall and Nene are back. They've gone down huge in every game and dragged themselves into the lead in the last 5 minutes in the first 5 games, then within 3 tonight.  Don't think they'll win 33 games with those guys timetable, but they would have been a .500 team at full strength. Feel bad for them yet again!
ic0n2900::thank you
Brandon18502::Thoughts on Jae Crowder's future?
KentuckyAlum2012::I could see him being another Shawn Marion in the future, but not as athletic.
ambroseiscool91::Dirk is a solid defender.  He holds his ground and actually has great awareness.  He's not the most athletic guy in the world anymore but his veteran savvy makes up for that.  Look at the 2011 Finals run, in successive series he guarded Aldridge, Gasol, and Bosh better than Chandler (The DPY last year).  You know nothing.
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::lol @ the guy saying dirk is a "solid " defender now i understand why most mav fans are idiots.........i shouldnt expect any more out of homers that just started watching basketball after they found out the mavs won the nba championship
-LeTs gO mAvS-::Go away. You're embarrassing yourself troll
KentuckyAlum2012::After reading some of the earlier comments, I have realized that the cowboys/spurs fan is delusional. Really, Dirk had more talent than Tim Duncan? I guess if you consider Parker and Ginobili scrubs, then you'd be right. Oh and Duncan also played at least half of his career with a HOFer in David Robinson. I got much respect for Duncan, but don't be stupid. He's always had more talented teams than Dirk, and KG.
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::a past his prime robinson?? lets see dirk win a championship with a 38 year old terry porter playing pg and sean elliott and small forward mav fans dont know much basketball so it appears especially kentuckyalum 2012 this guy is a pure idiot
KentuckyAlum2012::The only HOFer from the Mavs 2011 title team other than Dirk is Jason Kidd. The  Mavs title team was Dirk and a bunch of solid players. Parker and Ginobili are all stars, hell they might be HOFers when their career is over. You're delusional.
081tom::As a DC sports fan, i'm elated.  Suck it up all season pizzards! get that top draft pick.  You're not going anywhere anyway.  And once you do, change back to the Bullets, you know, the team that won u you're only NBA title before u Disney-fied your sh.it.
.Cutty::This draft is pretty much Shabazz or bust. Cody Zeller won't be that good and Nerlens Noel is meh.
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::lets go mavs is a idiotic homer that wants nothing to do with reality dirk doesnt play any defense he will get his 9 boards and thats kool but him and kaman will be busy watching opposing players dunk
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::dirk is garbage on the defensive end did u watch the mavs play okc in the playoffs last year???? how many and 1's did dirk allow by his soft fouls? Him being white has nothing to do with him being a poor defender
-LeTs gO mAvS-::Dirk was like the only one doing all the work vs OKC. He had like no one on the Mavs team last year since both Jkidd and Terry quit. Every game came down to the last second so you don't know what you're talking about.   Just leave bro. You are embarrassing yourself
KentuckyAlum2012::Dirk is a solid player on defense. You don't know what you talking about.
-LeTs gO mAvS-::So you even watch Mavs play? I thought the Mavs were horrible so why would you watch the Mavs? People just say Dirk doesn't play much defense is because he's white. NBA is kind of racist sometimes. Dirk actually gets better as he ages and all he has to do is shoot 1 legged fadeaways so he's going to last in this league a long time
.Cutty::Lets talk Wizards. What are we thinking 5 wins? Or we wanna be generous and say 10 wins for this pathetic squad?
Nicholas Obert::They've had the lead in the last 5 minutes of 5/7 games, came within 3 vs Dallas in a 6th,  Personally I don't think they're as pathetic as the record shows. Just seem like they go through a really bad quarter every game and can't quite dig out of it.  Considering that, and their best player will be back in 2 weeks, I'd say 30 wins.
KentuckyAlum2012::The Wiz need a better coach. They have some good young players like John Wall, Bradley Beal, and Jordan Crawford. They have some good veterans too like Ariza, Nene, and Okafor.
KentuckyAlum2012::-LeTs gO mAvS- - wow didn't even know they had Nene. Always wished the mavs would have picked him up  The Nuggets traded Nene to get Javale McGee. I think Nene is injured right now.
-LeTs gO mAvS-::wow didn't even know they had Nene. Always wished the mavs would have picked him up
-LeTs gO mAvS-::Wizards need  a mix of veterans and young guys to win. Can't only use lottery picks all the time
-LeTs gO mAvS-::I don't what happened to Ariza. He was great for the Lakers but now he just disappeared
.Cutty::They have veterans they are just terrible ones ( Okafor, Ariza)
KentuckyAlum2012::5-4 without Dirk, I think we're in a decent shape. I only wish we were better on the defensive side of the ball.
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::mavs actually played defense that year aside from the fact that it was a fluke season, this year the mavs will have kaman and dirk playing the 4 and 5 positions and neither one could care less about defense
47riley47::go away mate
-LeTs gO mAvS-::Mavs were 2-7 without Dirk the year they won the NBA Championship. Now we are 5-5 without Dirk and MArion. Mavs will only get better
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::they will be worse when dirk gets back on the defensive end
-LeTs gO mAvS-::keep flagging this dump spurs fan. Mavs will have a 7 footer so they will be able to rebound the ball better
KentuckyAlum2012::No they won't
-LeTs gO mAvS-::Why does this spurs troll think Mavs fans give a shiit about the Spurs?
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::im sorry i hurt your feelings get you some vasoline and wipe
-LeTs gO mAvS-::Spurs are old. Need to sign up for AARP and retirement homes
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::somebody asked me a question and i told them im sorry i left you butthurt
-LeTs gO mAvS-::No one cares about your spurs. Go away
Dallas Mavs Where Plan Z is Greater than Plan A::hahaha
-LeTs gO mAvS-::Dirk took a Mavs team to the NBA Finals in 2006 and Sagana Diop was his center  Dirk too a Mavs team to the NBA Finals in 2011 being the only Superstar on his team with lots of old guys  This spurs troll is just a hater
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::i dont need a crystal ball to see how pathetic this team is defensively(interior) and will be worse when dirk gets back, they lack a pg to run a half court offense this team will be lucky to make the playoffs and thats only if dirk can stay healthy since he will be playing catch up most of the season
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::no you have it the wrong way duncan has always been more talented than dirk duncan actually plays defense. no way dirk wins with terry porter,sean elliott and a past his prime david robinson
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::regardless the mavs wont be any better than what they where last season with or without dirk
-LeTs gO mAvS-::Do you have a magic crystal ball or something? Mavs were 2-7 without Dirk the year they won the nBA title and now they are 5-4 without Dirk and Matrix. Just shows you this team is 100X better than last year
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::duncan has won without parker and manu dirk has had plenty of talent
47riley47::Hello David Robinson you idiot
KentuckyAlum2012::Only one of his 4 rings was without Parker and Ginobili. He did have David Robinson for 2 of his championship seasons. The Admiral is a HOFer.
-LeTs gO mAvS-::Overall Duncan has always had more talent than Dirk. That you have to agree or you are as delusional as Kobe fans
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::who was the heats center last year, and whats your point?
-LeTs gO mAvS-::my point is you're just a hater. You go to Mavs blogs all the time to talk shiit while Mavs are 5-4 without Dirk and Marion.   Why don't you go to a Spurs blog...Oh wait?
no look high five::BTW I am a huge fan of Tim Duncan the player and have nothing but respect for him and what he has accomplished in his career.
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::dirk has had plenty of talent please stop with the excuses one of the main problems has always been dirk and how soft he is on the defensive end he is a great player dont get me wrong but simply one dimensional
FanofTexas28::Same here. But, there's no denying Duncan had more talent around him than Dirk.
-LeTs gO mAvS-::same here. Most spurs fans usually show respect to one of the all time greats like Dirk but this Mavs hater troll spurs fan talks nothing but negative
-LeTs gO mAvS-::Mavs vs Heat 2011 nba Championship more exciting than the boring Spurs vs Cavs 2007 NBA Finals
Hx4r::how is it a fluke season, explain.
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::the nation was rooting for anybody but miami and 2011 has been proven to be a fluke season for the mavs
no look high five::2011 was one of the best finals ever. Remember that ESPN poll.... "Who do you want to win the 2011 NBA finals?"  That map was all blue except for Florida. People loved it.
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::2011* fluke season
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::if not for chandler dirk would be ringless and its simply the truth, so dirk had 2 all stars, sixth man of the year and a guy that won defensive player of the year award the following season  when duncan arrived he had a past his prime david robinson,sean elliott and terry porter
FanofTexas28::Dirk was the only All-star. Look up your facts before you try and talk trash, kid.
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::i didnt say they were  all stars that particular season foolish child
-LeTs gO mAvS-::2 All stars? Seriously? Dirk was the only All Star on the team. Are you sure you're a spurs fan cause spurs fans are not as dumb as you.
no look high five::Go to bed kid.
.Cutty::I remember like 4 years ago the Wizards won their 1st game with Gilbert back from injury (for like 2 years) the opener at Dallas. Since that game it has gotten worse and worse for the Wizards.
Nowitzki.::...and don't feed the trolls
no look high five::Ah!
Nowitzki.::Nice to get back at winning! Catch yall next game Mavs fans! Peace out!
.Cutty::Jet should have won finals mvp not Dirk.
-LeTs gO mAvS-::Love Jet like all Mavs fans do but it was Dirk that scored the last shot vs Heat in Game 2 of the NBA Finals
Eg214::Not even dirk was scary good on all the playoff series
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::FACT if dirk didnt have chandler he would still be ringless
FanofTexas28::Because Duncan had no help on those title teams, right?
no look high five::If Dirk didn't have JJ, Deshawn, Terry, Kidd, Marion....   That was a team win bruh. Tyson was a big part of it.
-LeTs gO mAvS-::You need a team $@%!$@% to win a NBA Title. Chandler was our center. Chandler is a very good defensive center but he can't score. That was all up to Dirk and Terry
scottpilgrim33::Kemba nailed game winner vs T Wolves?? Ooh I like
FanofTexas28::Duncan needed Parker and Ginobli Dirk needed Dirk and 11 other guys.
crig521::Tyson Chandler, Jason Kidd, Jason Terry ( One of 5 best midrange shooters of all time)
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::jason kidd and marion have been all stars so where are you going with this?
no look high five::.
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::david robinson was a role player when tim arrived
no look high five::I'm saying Tim Duncan came into a pretty good situation. With players around him to teach him about the game on a professional level.  Dirk went to the, at the time, laughing stock of the NBA Dallas Mavericks
FanofTexas28::BRAIN CARDINAL
no look high five::Timmy had David Robinson on day one.   Who the hell did Dirk have?
no look high five::I am leaving before this discussion happens. I can't do it again lol
.Cutty::Shabazz Wall and Seraphin will be a decent core.
-LeTs gO mAvS-::watching a spurs game always makes me fall asleep ZZZZZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Nicholas Obert::Really? You hate ball movement and defense? Brilliant unselfish offense?  I don't like the Spurs, love watching them play. It isn't 2005
crig521::jason kidd was an all star, shawn marion was an all star, and tyson chandler won defensive poy year after leaving u guys.
crig521::the only people who think the spurs are boring are people who don't know anything about basketball
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::call me when dirk catches duncan in nba championships
-LeTs gO mAvS-::Call me when the Spurs don't me fall asleep ZZZZZzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
FanofTexas28::Call me when Duncan leads a team of no all-stars to a title.
.Cutty::Really? it makes me $@%! in my pants.
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::tim duncan&gt; dirk .....end of discussion
no look high five::Duncan is a center.   (watch how mad he gets)
-LeTs gO mAvS-::Dirk has done a lot while Duncan has always had Ginobli and Parker
-LeTs gO mAvS-::No one cares bro. SPurs = boring
Agent_Avilaz::Wall coming back won't even help..
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::lol wow one ring in what was a fluke season
Nowitzki.::Wall and Nene might win some games
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::thats because your not used to winning
-LeTs gO mAvS-::Mavs won the NBA title more recently punk. Spurs are old as shiiit
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::just like dirk coming back wont help the mavs, unless your talking 1 and done in the playoffs if they get lucky enough to go that far
-LeTs gO mAvS-::Spurs suck. Spurs make me fall asleep zzzzzzzzzzzzz
no look high five::Didn't watch. Final score seems close. Was the game close down the stretch?
no look high five::I guess it doesn't matter at this stage how they get it done. We just need to stack W's.
Justin Beaver.::Dallas blew a huge lead. It was closer than it should've been.
-LeTs gO mAvS-::Mavs were up by 22 at the end of 3rd quarter. Wizards began shooting 3's in the 4th quarter and Mavs end up winning by 6
FanofTexas28::Mavs were in control all game long.
HITMEN1965::Anyone know why AJ Price only saw 18 minutes tonight?
HITMEN1965::Thanks.. Looked like he was having a solid night.. Hope it isn't anything serious.
Nowitzki.::Yeah, lets hope its not serious for the kid
Nowitzki.::ankle injury
DougFreshESPN::ugh.  Washington basketball....will you ever not suck?
Nicholas Obert::Who knows? Got Wall and Seraphin, two of the top 5 under 25 guys at their position. Beal is 19 and has had 2 excellent games already. Nene was brilliant for them last year. Crawfords D and passing is much improved.  They need to play Chris Singketon over Ariza. Ariza is awful.
no look high five::Never ever.
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::2 of the worst teams in the nba just went at it
cowboys won the superbowl in week one::ive mentioned it before that im a spurs fans
-LeTs gO mAvS-::Who won the nBA title most recently? You guys will suck after Duncan retires. Book it
Justin Beaver.::The Knicks and Nets played tonight?
FanofTexas28::Thanks for you listing your favorite teams. USCAREDBRO?
-LeTs gO mAvS-::Biggest Mavs hater is back. If you're not such a girl, who do you root for?
Justin Beaver.::I want to see more Jared Cunningham. That kid can jump out of the jump, and shoot well. Give him a chance, Rick.
Nowitzki.::I'm worried about Collison's inability to handle the pressure.It might hurt us in the long run against good teams.
LPClaudeHotspur::Remember those days when we lost in the first round to Lebron every year and got swept by Miami?  Never thought I'd say this but.....man.....those were the good old days.  Good times.
Nowitzki.::At least DeShawn Stevenson got his revenge on LeBron
-LeTs gO mAvS-::anyways all Mavs fans shouldn't overreact cause we will only get better when superstar Dirk is back and mavs best defender Shawn Marion gets back
FanofTexas28::I'm not worried at all. Playoffs are in April, not November.
-LeTs gO mAvS-::exactly
ovechkinsgoal::the wizards are bad but that badness has been countered by the couple of yuenglings i've had during the game
Justin Beaver.::Troy looks awful, Collison looks flustered under pressure and Dallas needs D like I need a blunt. Who wants to party?
wreckem tech101::yeah I saw all those things too, has for the last part I can't gotta work am out ZZZZZZZZZZZ
-LeTs gO mAvS-::Collison needs to attack the basket more. He can't shoot at all
Justin Beaver.::See him against Charlotte? Looked like he was scared.
-LeTs gO mAvS-::any chance Mavs could pick up Kenyon Martin? Rather him than Murphy
-LeTs gO mAvS-::ok then forget about him. Just remembered he and Cuban hates each other
scottpilgrim33::After Cuban called him a thug that one year? NO
Nowitzki.::No punks on the Mavs, you know the rules
wreckem tech101::HELL NO....
wreckem tech101::I don't know man....he's gots all kinds of beef with Dirk and the Mavs .....he will mess the chemistry up I think
-LeTs gO mAvS-::Yea I wouldn't pick him up if we didn't need him but he's lot better than Murphy
.Cutty::Keep Wall, keep Seraphin trade everyone else for draft picks.
Nicholas Obert::He's 19, he has played 7 games. The 3 before that he averaged 19ppg. Boards well too.  I like Vesely, he could be good but it's going to take time. Crawford is promising too, especially if Beal locks up starting gig
Nowitzki.::Beal?
Nowitzki.::Give him some time..It's early
.Cutty::Beal sucks 3-14 this game 1-11 yesterday.
wreckem tech101::you must not see Martin?
.Cutty::Martin is a bench player keep him if you want.
