korn7860::Just so you understand, we pay Ersan 2.5m this year, and are looking at having to pay him around 8m next season.  If he can give us 15-10 from here until the deadline we will be willing to pay him that, but if he stays his inconsistent self, there is no way the Bucks can keep Ersan for 8m.  ( And yes 8m is serious, teams overseas really want him, and he is open to the idea if he cannot get the same money here)
ryyyang::How are the Nets ranked ahead of the Bucks in the Power Rankings?
korn7860::Because they have the overrated D.Will on there team.
MettaGirlinaEscalade::Dear ESPN,  Insert insensitive Turkey headline here: __________________________.
Rosstafarian5371::Damn at one point and time during the game did someone not say "Put a body on that mutha-fackle"
CandySparker::Bucks to the Future!
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Anybody really think D-Will stays with the NEts?? Lol
Packers3821::if they get howard they will. i dont see it happening though.
smkinsumdro::sweet
smkinsumdro::.
BURNER8585::Trade Ersan, Sjax, and 2nd rounder for Gasol.  Simple done deal.  Everyone wins.  I'm a genius.
CBass1317::All-star 7 footer for Ersan and Jax?  SMH  no chance
Winning .::Marc Gasol?
Packers3821::pau. id do it, sound fair to me.
whitepeoplecantplaysports::Anyone know any good free Itouch apps?
chris1ll::your mother.  Also, winner of most misplaced question of the year.
AaronB1991::Ilyasova don't foul out next time you could've had 30 and 30.
mistapink1@gmail.com::what in the name of tebow h. linsanity is up with ersan ilyasova's stat line?  bill simmons spoke sagely when he said this kid throws up these bizarre freakish stats every now and again but that looks like an old wilt chamberlain box score.  okay, i've only seen ilyasova play sporadically, but don't you play this kid 36 minutes a night just in case?  i'm looking in your general direction, scott skiles.  i could understand it if the bucks had someone promising (or consistent) playing in front of him but it's not like he's backing up pre-melo-melo (aka glenn robinson.)  if you can throw up 29 and 25 in a single game, i'm playing you heavy minutes regardless, just in the hopes you can average HALF that.  those are numbers you can risk an occasional javale mcgee-esque brain fart or jeremy lin turnover on.
Bhintage::Some of the shots he puts up makes you wonder though.
Bhintage::Walking Dead good?  I missed it.
Bhintage::...and i'm not talking about the Bucks Nets  Bah dum bum.
wisky4life95::trade bogut trade jackson tradedelfino trade gooden  start fresh with the great young players we have.. we could be good with this draft coming up
Bhintage::Jackson is too good to play on ANY NBA team.
dcenate2012::But the Bucks aren't smart enough to do that.
wisky4life95::draft djo and jae crowder fire skiles and hire buzz williams:)
korn7860::Ersan and Sjax for Ray Allen and JaJaun Johnson.  I would love to see this.  Celts get Ersan to start the slow rebuilding process, get Sjax to keep them competitive for the rest of this season.  Bucks get Allen, who never should have left in the first place, and can retire him as a Bucks after this season or next.  Plus Johnson could develop into a solid role player off the Bench.
cyclonextrem::cause getting Allen while giving away a young talent is really smart.
korn7860::Just so you understand, we pay Ersan 2.5m this year, and are looking at having to pay him around 8m next season.  If he can give us 15-10 from here until the deadline we will be willing to pay him that, but if he stays his inconsistent self, there is no way the Bucks can keep Ersan for 8m.  ( And yes 8m is serious, teams overseas really want him, and he is open to the idea if he cannot get the same money here)
chris1ll::lol @ the highlights not even mentioning that Ersan tied the NBA season high in rebounds, no mention of the rebound total at all  GG
korn7860::Still wonder if the Lakers would take Ersan, Beno and Sjax for Gasol, maybe add a future first.  Adding Sjax may entice Howard to really force a trade to LA, though I doubt the Magic go this route.
BURNER8585::No more trading 1st's.
milw-jay::Ersan Ilyasova  &gt;  Dwight Howard  and Kevin Love  ??
hoofhearted30::better than them combined. Give him max money.....NOW!!!!
supreme91::damnnnnnnn 25 rebounds????
korn7860::Null point, there is 100 or more missed shot in most games, most teams got 35-80 or in the neighborhood.
milw-jay::Actually, the average number of missed shots per game this year is about 90.    So, my point is valid, i.e. these two teams shot the ball unusually poorly resulting in more rebound opportunities.    But still a nice game by Ersan.
milw-jay::there were 109 missed shots in this game, so, there were a lot of rebounds to be had. Still, an awesome game from Ersan.
ZackTsc::And 12 of them were of the offensive ilk...monstrous.
Miller Park After Dark::ersan snizzin!
bucksbrewers3::last 5 games ersan has gotten 33+ min and is averaging 18ppg 13reb.  if he can do this every time starting he would be an all-star
korn7860::He has had stretches like this the last two seasons as well, but did not sustain it, maybe he can finally mature into a 15 and 10 guy with 30 min at least, would help the Bucks catch Boston and Orlando if they deal Dwight.
dcenate2012::Can the Bucks fire Skiles now?
Miller Park Mecca::Skiles tampers with the lineup way too much there's no consistency.
korn7860::That is the main issue why they have these 6-8 min spurts each game where they play bad.  I think the lineup is getting there, but then Tobias got hurt.  I would still go with Jennings, Delfino, Moute, Ilyasova, and Gooden/Leuer.  And play Udrih, Livingston, Dunleavey, Harris and Sanders each getting around 10-15 as backups.
korn7860::Can they, yes, will they, no.  Personally I think Skiles is a great coach, but he is having a power struggle ego check with Jackson, Skiles did not coach like this the last 2 seasons.
Miller Park Mecca::__Ivan Johnson__ Oh right it was Fielder.    Still applies to my point ==================== How, your point was "best hitter is in Detroit" which he is not. What does Fielder leaving via FA have to do with how much Brewers players like Milwaukee?
Miller Park Mecca::And that offer wasn't even on table anymore after signing Ramirez and Rodriguez.
dcenate2012::He likes Detroits 200 Million dollar contract better than a 100 million dollar one
dcenate2012::So how did Mbah a moute get the starting role &gt; Earsan? Dam you skiles
bucksbrewers3::cuz skiles only cares about defense....
dcenate2012::Trade the starters away for draft picks
dcenate2012::I would be fine with even a 2nd round pick for Bogut
BURNER8585::no no no no no.  Keep Bogut, Jennings, Ersan.  Trade the farm. for picks.
__Ivan Johnson__::Bogut would be a tough sell  It's looking like Greg Oden all over again
berkbakici97::if he started he could be a 15 and 10m guy pick and pop and his only 23 years old
bucksbrewers3::drafted at age 19 spent a year here then went back to europe in the turkish league (where hes from) then came back after getting stronger
hero13th::not really , first yr he was in development league , then one yr with bucks then 2 yrs in barcelona in spanish league and then he came back to bucks
__Ivan Johnson__::Didn't know he was that young
berkbakici97::where can ersan ilyasova get traded to??
korn7860::That could actually happen, would make both teams better, Mayo and Jennings would give Milwaukee something to work with.
korn7860::I think Leur can perform Goodens role, 10-13 points 8 rebounds.  I would love to see them get a SF/Slasher and start Tobias at the PF, he has some nice game in the paint.
bucksbrewers3::i want them to run with Jennings, mayo, tobias harris, gooden, bogut for next year.  draft well this year and build on something.  draft a PF and build him up to when gooden is gone.  the bucks wont be able to sign anyone until they win but for some reason ownership and management doesnt like to build through the draft outside of jennings.  Do they not realize nobody will sign for a loser
bucksbrewers3::i want him and delfino (both expirings) to be delt to memphis for o.j. mayo but ik that wont happen
dcenate2012::Wall would hate milwaukee but who doesn't?
ZackTsc::I think Jon Leuer might be one of the few who doesn't...maybe the only.
Miller Park Mecca::"The best hitter tested positive for PEDs"  No he didn't.
__Ivan Johnson__::Oh right it was Fielder.  Still applies to my point
Miller Park Mecca::No, Braun is still on the Brewers.
jamesbik::The best hitter tested positive for PEDs
dcenate2012::Talking about NBA
__Ivan Johnson__::Didn't you guys just lose your best hitter to Detroit?
Miller Park Mecca::Brewers players.
Miller Park Mecca::Send him and Jennings to the Buzzards for Wall
Miller Park Mecca::Wall actually passes, 8 APG career vs. Jennings at 5.5, and he's a better shooter.
__Ivan Johnson__::Wall is basically a more athletic version of Jennings who isn't a good shooter
__Ivan Johnson__::Probably packaged with Jackson to Orlando before the trade deadline
dcenate2012::anyone with draft picks
korn7860::Love how Ersan is playing, trade value is very high right now.
dcenate2012::Trade them away for draft picks.
__Ivan Johnson__::Orlando would definitely take him to back up Dwight
bucksbrewers3::which means he will be packaged with jackson!
korn7860::That is what I think, and may be heading to NJ with Sjax, or possibly Orlando, cannot think of many other teams that would take on Sjax even if it was to get Ersan.
berkbakici97::southbeach??
__Ivan Johnson__::Kobe Bryant this season is averaging as many rebounds as Brook Lopez last season.   Just think about that for a minute
berkbakici97::no 1 has spoken about ersans game yet shame on nba
korn7860::Milwaukee will never get love unless they hit the top 4, which will not happen this year.
berkbakici97::i wonder how skipbayless will react to dis all he does is rebound
dcenate2012::Who cares if you like your own posts haha
Miller Park Mecca::He must have 3 browsers open with different usernames
badguy40::as soon as ur post came up it was liked
Miller Park Mecca::Like it and then there will be 2, that's how you can disprove.
berkbakici97::how do u know if i liked my own comment
badguy40::way to like ur own comment
dcenate2012::How does Ersan get so many damn rebounds?
cusefan1122::also brook lopez is playing his first game and is prob still hurting, plus kris humphry's balls are still in kims possession
bucksbrewers3::cuz he tips it like 3 times before he actually grabs it......do those count as individual rebounds?  anyways he is very good at shifting the box out and anticipating where its coming off the rim
korn7860::no, those do not count as individual rebounds.  He has quick hands and feet, and never gives up on the ball, or play for that matter.  Very high trade potential for the Bucks at the moment.
__Ivan Johnson__::It's much more of a skill than people think, but at the same time, it isn't that hard.  He boxes out (something a lot of players don't do enough) and he consistently hustles.
berkbakici97::his got quick feet
berkbakici97::ersan had 11 rebounds in the 1st quarter
bucksbrewers3::tops this year over dwight
__Ivan Johnson__::Brook Lopez had 2 rebounds in over 20 minutes
thekola::first of all, i never said he was an all star. Second, how does beign an all star help you to bypass the facts of biology like not being able to perform optimally when ive just had surgery
__Ivan Johnson__::If he is the all-star that you Nets fans say he is then he would have been able to get much more than 2  Even if he is coming off of an injury
thekola::surprsing, since i expected Lopez to play his best game in years since he is coming off surgery and hasnt played all season
boctorboda3::Is it just me or does Ersan look like James Franco?
Miller Park Mecca::No I've said this before too. Albeit, a very ugly Franco. Like had acid tossed on him or something.
berkbakici97::haha lol
bucksbrewers3::would have been 16 years since the last bucks players to get a 30pt 20reb game.  i expect you to work on your layups ersan!  vin baker was the last person to do it FYI
bucksbrewers3::yup.  i was very pissed when allen got delt for gery $@%!$@% payton for all of 2 months of usage.
jamesbik::I know Vinny got drunk after that 30pt 20reb game
Miller Park Mecca::Of course it was Vinny B, Big Dog wasn't pulling down 20 boards.
Miller Park Mecca::Breaking up him, Allen and Cassell was the worst move ever.
bucksbrewers3::20 TO maybe
Norwood_too_wide_right::D. williams is a great player he doesn't deserve the punishment of losing almost everyday
dcenate2012::Agree hope he goes to a better team along with Ilyasova. My bucks suck
dcenate2012::Ilyasova = White version of Jeremy Lin?
Miller Park Mecca::No he only averages about 1 turnover per game
berkbakici97::ilyasova 13 offensive rebounds wtf?? the nest ahd 15 offensive baords
jamesbik::Nets can give him 30 million more there is no free agent mark up in the NBA
__Ivan Johnson__::No wonder D-Will wants out
thekola::no, its a sign he wants to maximize market value. Carmelo, came out and said he wants out. D12 came out and said he wants out. Testing the free agent market just means he wants his money. And Prokarhov wont pay him? Not to mention the Nets can pay him more.
__Ivan Johnson__::The fact that he is testing free agency is a sign that he wants out.  Besides, you really think he will pass up the opportunity to go back home to Dallas?  You know Cuban will pay him.
thekola::Give me one reference where DWill says he wants out!
buckspackers23::Nice effort, Ersan!
dcenate2012::25 rebounds l0l
MikeyLikes_It::13 offensive rebounds is more impressive.  Unreal.
bucksbrewers3::if ersan played for NY i bet that SC would be on his nuts after tonights game
bucksbrewers3::i mean it is pretty sweet what lin is doing and worth attention but its getting out of hand.  ESPN and SC wonder why players want big markets.  well you are the main problem.  you blow up every player on big markets.
badger0130::and licking the tip
Edward4515::Naw too busy nut hugging lin
tomBOMB505::thank u buck for winng me 5 hundy!!!
__Ivan Johnson__::Ilyasova tries to get rebounds  Lopez just figures that since he's 7 feet, they will just magically fall into his hands.
tarresque::Bucks have beat the Nets nine times in a row now
MetropolitanFan::what a pathetic effort!! This team can't string together  some victories for nothing...Avery does not have this team motivated at all!
drftw42134::Are you stupid? What do you expect? Yesterday they beat a high caliber team and they still had that hangover of yesterday!
xa0wnerx::FIRE AVERY
xa0wnerx::Go to netsdaily.com, join the hate
MetropolitanFan::FIRE AVERY IS RIGHT!!!
YanksHeels1::3 at the buzzer for a +5 cover!!!
Slurm Soda::Ilyasovamania is runnin wild!!!!!!!!!!
boctorboda3::Where's that guy who predicted the Nets would score 50 in the second half and win because they would be shooting on a better hoop?
YanksHeels1::Well, he did pretty much get the score 50 right, if they could only play defense.
FightingIrish595::need a 3
