MBC32AMG350Z::Wholly cow. The refs? Really? There was bad calls both ways. The Jazz won the game with better defense, and Denver missing free throws. Also, you can't let a 16pt lead evaporate. Keep pushing on the gas. The Nuggets played not to lose in the second half instead of playing to win.
sfurse77::My Thoughts  I'm so sick of hearing you B itch A$$ Nuggets fans talking about the Refs. If you actually watched the game the Nuggets got so many calls that were BS and if it werent for the refs sucking di ck the Jazz would have beat em by at least 10.   After all the Thuggets Shi t talking in the first half they had that 2nd half coming to em. And if you listened to Iggys comments after the game he said he deserved to be tossed probably sooner than he was.   Analysis: Ty Lawson = Good but makes dumb discussions. Iggy = Good all around player But made a dumb decision getting tossed. Koufas = Sucks. Galo = Sucks. Faried = This dude is a beast and any team would love to have him.   Last note: Every Jazz fan should be lobbying for Favors to Start!
diehardnr1::My Thoughts  Who gives s flying #(&amp;% about your thoughts?  You lost my attention at the cutsie $$s
nuggetzalltheway23::Lmfao What a $@%!$@% (Tipical Jazz Fan)  i Hope You Know Those Refs Just Got Fined 5k For Doing Such a Horrible Job And Letting Utah Back into The Game. its Not Much, But its Still Saying The Refs Let Utah Win On Purpose.
Luncey612::Couple quick thoughts for the game:  1) The usually worthless GK actually helped the team this evening by requesting an out-of-bounds review that was overturned!;  2) The refs really make this game difficult to watch...the consistancy was very poor...even by NBA standards;  3) The Nuggets might finish this season as the worst FT shooting team in the history of the NBA, either start closing your eyes and praying while shooting or maybe....just maybe....work on it in practice/the offseason;  4) I hadn't seen Utah's coach before last night....holy balls is he scary looking!  I would not want to tango with that beast...imagine practice with him glaring at you, no wonder the Jazz look better.  If you lose youve gotta deal with me!
Darkflame07::If iggy would have shut his mouth he wouldn't have been ejected, not the jazz' fault.
vergatease::On both sides the refs were terrible, they were doing the tactic oh we messed up for you on a call so we'll call a bad one on the other end.
telestialcougar::what up Taylor? nuck the fuggets, you ain't gettin one in the "solutions" as Tinsley calls it
jayeteee::Who'd they eject from the game on the Jazz' side? LOL. Get real.
jayeteee::If you've never seen Tyrone Corbin, then you really haven't been around long. I agree w/ some of your assessments, especially when it comes to NBA officiating.
nba is the worst::Attention Nuggets:  FT'S Count!!!
diehardnr1::Nice to see the home cooking arrived for UTA in the second half.  I thought it was a normal NBA game for most of the first half. Iggy gets mugged every time he touched the ball in 3rd...no calls...Except a quick T when he complains...the comment T was ridiculous and secured the game for Jazz...that along with being given every ticky-tack foul. I'm sure the MT choir...AKA Jazz fans...were singing and praying all second half...   Jazz are nothing...NOTHING...unless they can play all their games in the comfy shadow of the temple... (ps Chips and Salsa...it doesn't work if you ask for it...lol)  GO NUGGETS!!!
MBC32AMG350Z::Right. Home cooking. Um yeah, ok. There was bad calls both ways. Look back to the Laker game. The Lakers shot twice as many free throws, Kobe shot as many by himself as the entire Jazz team, yet the Jazz won. Explain home cooking on that one. Missed free throws, an playing not to lose cost Denvet this game, plain and simple.
Darkflame07::Not the jazz' fault that the nuggets can't hit free throws. You know who whines about the refs? Losers. And btw not all of us jazz fans and none of the players are Mormon so leave religion out of it a.sshole.
diehardnr1::Apparently refs were fined for this game?...I rest my case after adding that DEN still had this game if they could shoot FTs...just 3 of the 14 were needed. I stand by my original comments of home-cooking...not sure why I expected things to change at SINergy Arena...been happening for  years.  Has to be some explanation for the 2 -7road team to be undefeated in Temple City  ...and  some losers name themselves vergatease and  just sit on their high horses butt all day...But hey....UTA needs fans too...
vergatease::Some losers can't take the loss they've got to whine and say the worst.
nba is the worst::Sure there were some calls favoring the Jazz - but the Nuggets missing 14 of 32 fts was why they lost. Can't win road games shooting 56% on 32 ftas
266Joe::Been using a betting system called sportsbettingstar for a few months now. Im making between 2-3K a month profit over the past couple months now following its picks. You will find this system on google by searching sports betting system.
266Joe::Well thank you Dito
delastreet07::you're an idiot.
rbmw263::Big al finally took over a game.  and Favors work on his free throws got us the W
nuggetzalltheway23::i Could Take Over An NBA Game if i Was Allowed To Flop And Get EVERY Single Ticky Tacky Foul.
mikeisildur::Someone gave Big Al some credit when he deserved it.  Wow!
scow79::Even though Lawson was beating Tinsley like a rented mule, you still have to give the guy some credit.   He hit some big shots.
rbmw263::finally.... Hopefully he doenst start chucking after a few good games
barteltd::aww, man, how did the Nuggets choke this?  bummer
Agent_Avilaz::over 189 = lets get 203 tonight guys and beat the spread...nigums be buying points - david stern
gmann305::Two things i think most of us can agree on: Go Broncos! and $@%! the Lakers
van.muhle::Anyone know how long Mo is out? Tinsley would really help that second unit now that he can actually score a few buckets
cha cha chia-::lol Nuggets...
nugsavsroxbroncs::nuggggets
cha cha chia-::thanks man
JazzFanFromINDIA::I love your screen name
-STRAYA-::Faried exaggerates minimal contact as much as Blake Griffin
ensign.devyn::Shhhh... he's a manimal. As we all know, if manima's get touched, it physically influences them 10 times as much as a normal human being...
seferson::but faried is better
Hayward2Favors::What time is it in India?
45386::feel your pain, I've been in China the last 3 months watching jazz games that start at 9 am lol.
JazzFanFromINDIA::Its 11:20 am here
nugsavsroxbroncs::good game jazz! excited to see how both teams are young and looking good.... should be a good rivalry
seferson::i see what you did there
JazzFanFromINDIA::Its not illegal here in India...but you cant smoke it in a public place.
JazzFanFromINDIA::you do know a few Hindi words....lol
seferson::charras
JazzFanFromINDIA::now I am the only one talking about weed..lol
Hayward2Favors::lol
blanding1988::Nugget trolls calling jazz fans "classless" boy... thats the pot calling the kettle black
rbmw263::Wow the Thunder were up 40 in the first half tonight
UJ801::notice how nobody liked/commented/cared
nuggetzalltheway23::Hmmm Same With Your Comment?
rbmw263::and 82-29 at one point.
Agent_Avilaz::jefferson &amp; millsap both have expiring contracts, and if they aren't traded one of them will be gone.
ensign.devyn::Trade Millsap if we must. We need Al's O.
dwade grater den jordan::i live in maimi and root 4 heat
Hayward2Favors::As a fan of bball in general, Lebron is one of my favorite players to watch.
dwade grater den jordan::pretty warm 2day :)
dwade grater den jordan::USA OWNES ALL |FACT
ensign.devyn::Millsap's been such a hard competitor for us for so many years. I hope he gets it rolling. We need to start Favors though. If Millsap is fine coming off the bench, then that's great, let's keep him there. IIf not, it might not be a bad option to shop him around to what we can get a starting job, we could probably get a lot for him. We need Al's O and Favors EVERYTHING though.
seferson::i live halfway between denver and salt lake, gunnison who am i supposed to root for?
Shvike::I live in gunnison also, you root for the nuggets!!!
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::Someone to loan you a gun?
seferson::you need a testicle removed?
JazzFanFromINDIA::http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Potential_superpowers A little info to all the thuggets fans who said about my country crap.
Young_Guru303::wowww wikipedia articles. must be fact.
dwade grater den jordan::no1 cares bout india... at all
JazzFanFromINDIA::okay :) thank you......then you have no right to say bad about it as well
JazzFanFromINDIA::http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emerging_and_growth-leading_economies
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::Join me in ignoring the trolls. I feel not responding works much better. Goodnight. Go Jazz. Jefferson and Faried, please grow a pair. Basketball is supposed to be a man's game.
dwade grater den jordan::wats wit all  on rasisim hear tonite?? its sad  just my 2 sense tho
Hayward2Favors::How is the weather in Miami btw? :)
Hayward2Favors::Those nugget fans can get pretty classless
seferson::my hornets givin CP3 some work
Votto4mvp055045::indians are ugly smells mofos TURK pride
JazzFanFromINDIA::http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Potential_superpowers
blanding1988::Legit reply
dwade grater den jordan::lols
Hayward2Favors::Stay classy nugget fan
Votto4mvp055045::we shuda won this i mean look we blew out hornets yday and their beating clippers now
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::they're* My God in heaven. So much wrong....
blanding1988::Young_Guru303 - You know, correcting someones grammar does absolutely nothing but make you look like a jerk? And petty.  and this is now why students read and write at an 8th grade level... graduating high school
Young_Guru303::You know, correcting someones grammar does absolutely nothing but make you look like a jerk? And petty.
dwade grater den jordan::wats fun 2 do in utah?
Young_Guru303::The exact same things you can do in Colorado, just not quite as good. Except mountain biking, that $@%! is out of this world.
b.b.dave::Defiantly just as good.
seferson::ATV, canyons
ensign.devyn::Apparently anything other than what you can do in Florida, since you're on a Jazz board at 12:30 EST.
Hayward2Favors::Ski at the best resort in the world!
Hayward2Favors::I never said you did. I do some Jet skiing at bear lake too! It's fun!
dwade grater den jordan::i dnt ski i jetski bud
blanding1988::Spell correctly
JazzFanFromINDIA::Between , Hornets are beating Clippers on the road..lol
blanding1988::I don't know what you mean?
dwade grater den jordan::u mad cuz u dnt live hear??? i no
JazzFanFromINDIA::I am quite satisfied with my life here  ...lol .......your self questioning and answering is funny though.
Votto4mvp055045::ima be at our next game at golden state and i better see made free throws lets go nuggets
Young_Guru303::no kidding.
dwade grater den jordan::lol @ jazz think their rilevent now
kwest1ner77::Spelling, learn it.
ensign.devyn::Says the Heat fan on a Jazz board an hour after the game has ended.
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::The grammar and spelling leads me to believe that it is way past his bedtime.
Hayward2Favors::I think we can win it all this year no joke
Hayward2Favors::I'm serious. I think Tinsley will win Finals MVP too!
seferson::haha you must be kidding
dwade grater den jordan::datsa good 1
dwade grater den jordan::jazz wrings: 0  heat wrigns : 2  U MAD??&lt;&gt;
blanding1988::Okya... where do I start "grater" not a word, "den" that is a word, but not how you are using it.  So... holy crap
ensign.devyn::Bro, why you up, it's past midnight over there in Florida. Oh wait, you don't live there. You're a bandwagon Miami fan. My mistake.
ensign.devyn::You're also really good at liking your own posts as well.
dwade grater den jordan::i live their bud
Hayward2Favors::and it's rings
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::This is an oddly placed and timed post.
Hayward2Favors::I'll always be a Jazz fan tho! :)
seferson::utah won't trade hayward, the fans would go ape $@%!, trust me, won't happen
Hayward2Favors::If he keeps this up I wouldn't even care. Burks is looking more promising at this point
JazzFanFromINDIA::I agree ..both Hayward &amp; Favors are fan favorites.
ensign.devyn::Why in the hell would we ever trade Hayward?
ensign.devyn::I thought they were talkin about Millsap.
seferson::someone earlier said he wanted him traded and a couple ppl agreed
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::OK, so I'm in SLC visiting family and had the opportunity to go to the game tonight. Jefferson put in absolutely zero effort on the defensive end... again. I do have to say though, I was a closet Kenneth Faried fan until tonight. Holy hell he is a whiny, cheap, flopping b¡tch. I thought Anderson Varejao had just gotten a really deep tan. Unbelievable.
Young_Guru303::Welcome to the NBA, if you don't like flopping go watch golf. Moron.
ensign.devyn::Don't be a fool and support Faried's flopping. Especially when you know it's illegal and that the NBA is going to fine it from now on. Moron.
ensign.devyn::I hope he leads the league in flop fines this year. He deserves it. Never seen a "manimal" fall down when barely getting touched as much as I did tonight.
Hayward2Favors::Agree and he does his cheesy a$$ grin after he flops too
Newspeedwayboogie70::I had a threesome tonight. There were two no shows, but I still had a good time.
seferson::mountains, up north in pradesh
xenosapien::Always loved this joke.
JazzFanFromINDIA::Threesome is enjoyable bro ..no matter ..they were no shows..lol
JazzFanFromINDIA::Where you from seferson ?
JazzFanFromINDIA::But mostly are FAKERS , CELTICS &amp; HEAT FANS
JazzFanFromINDIA::Yeah !!! Indian Youth is crazy about Basketball and NBA :)
Hayward2Favors::Are there a lot of nba fans over there?
seferson::oh ok i am 7500 ft up
JazzFanFromINDIA::I am from New Delhi Guys !!!! :) ....no mountain boy !!! :d
JazzFanFromINDIA::Mountains ?? *
JazzFanFromINDIA::What is mntns ??? SMH
seferson::u live by the hindu kush mntns?
seferson::haha india is crazy
Young_Guru303::Adios Jazz fans... Enjoy the win while it lasts, and maybe be a little more classy next time? I don't recall trolling this hard when the Nuggets won by 20. Remember this was a gift of the game, and don't you forget it. PEACE!
blanding1988::Blah blah blah
sjmcb160::It will last forever. It is in the record books now.
xenosapien::"Jazz didn't win it."  Scoreboard?  Nuggets fans are full of excuses.  Your team played poor.  GUESS WHAT?!  It happens.
blanding1988::Young_Guru303 - Whatever man, you know you'd be complaining if one of your players got a double techincal within 5 seconds of each other. Don't be a hypocrite.  Dude... we got 3 techinals tonight as well... and you were in the BONUS with like 6 minutes to play in the 4th!
Young_Guru303::I know they did, and again reiterating my first point, the Nuggets beat themselves. HENCE A GIFT OF A WIN. Jesus, do they have you people reading at a fifth grade level in Utah?
ensign.devyn::Your team had their chances. Quite whining.
Young_Guru303::Whatever man, you know you'd be complaining if one of your players got a double techincal within 5 seconds of each other. Don't be a hypocrite.
Hayward2Favors::Nugget fans are always the classless on here every time we play them.
xenosapien::YOU'RE RIGHT, I never saw one classless Nuggs fan on here.  No one talking junk after a loss or blaming the refs for not putting their freethrows in (they put 'em on the line (both teams), but they can't make 'em for ya).
blanding1988::Young_Guru303 - Oh, we lost this game. But the Jazz didn't win it, ya know what I'm saying? Hence it was a GIFT of a game.  haha... seriously?
ensign.devyn::Ya sure? Cause it's in the W column for the Jazz.
Young_Guru303::Oh, we lost this game. But the Jazz didn't win it, ya know what I'm saying? Hence it was a GIFT of a game.
ensign.devyn::I don't remember a fan base calling the game over when it was the 2nd quarter, but your fan base did tonight. Maybe a little smarter next time? Remember we won't play this bad next time we see you. PEACE!
ensign.devyn::You've NEVER seen a player get back to back technicals? You haven't been watching the NBA long. Nuggets fans said all night how you have the "deepest" team in the league. Stop blaming the Iggy ejection. You had your chances, down to the very end, and couldn't execute.
Hayward2Favors::Well I've seen back to back technicals multiple times. Good players need to keep their composure nuff said
Young_Guru303::True, but you went in to the game knowing he was going to be out. Its quite the momentum swing for your leading scorer to get ejected when the Jazz were on a pretty significant run. And I'm sorry, but never in all my years have I seen a player get back to back techincals. Its like giving a red card in soccer on a weak foul.
ensign.devyn::Dude, we were without our starting PG. Tell "Iggy" to keep his mouth shut next time. Your boy should now better. Keep  b!itching about the refs. What a baby
Hayward2Favors::Sure Iggy got thrown out but Mo didn't even play and he is the the 3rd leading scorer for the Jazz
Young_Guru303::Yawn, it was over until Iggy got thrown out and the refs lost control of the game. And as I recall this board was flooded with Jazz fans before the game even started talking $@%! about a blow out. You can scroll down and see for yourself!
seferson::need a tissue?
Young_Guru303::I need you to keep proving my point ;)
Hayward2Favors::Hayward was just so good last year. Remember he was dropping 20 a game the last few months. I think his shots will start falling. We aren't utilizing him with the pick and roll as much.
xenosapien::He has to find his shot and get his plays in.  How quickly people forget that clutch jumper against the Kings to seal the win.
JazzFanFromINDIA::Man !!! That was some guts shown by the kid. I never thought of him taking the winning shot.
seferson::hayward needs to drive the lane and get to the line
ensign.devyn::He did a few times tonight, just didn't get the calls.
JazzFanFromINDIA::Yeah !!  Best suited game for him.
van.muhle::a little piece of me dies each time he heaves up another brick
van.muhle::Millsap should go back to the bench, Hayward should stop chucking threes and Al Jefferson should stop pretending he can defend the pick and roll
jdenquist::First, the officials lost control of this game early.  Some of those calls at the end were ridiculous, on both sides.  Second, both teams are frustrating.  The Jazz won the game, but they cannot keep coming out so slow to begin games, especially at home.  Seriously Al Jefferson, you might want to at least raise a hand on the defensive end.  The Nuggets are a talented team and shouldn't have let the Jazz back in the game.  I'm a Jazz fan, but unless they start to pull it together, they will be looking up at the Nuggets, and half of the Western Conference in the standings at the end of the year.
jdenquist::Karl is still being handled with kid gloves because of his health issues.
wristedhip::If the Nuggets have all this talent, where the heck is the coaching not to allow this stuff from happening? All of a sudden no one is getting on Karl's case...
Hayward2Favors::Millsap is having a pretty bad slump. Hope he does better against New Orleans
ensign.devyn::Only bad thing for Millsap is that the Hornets have a big, good frontcourt so Favors might be in a lot with Millsap out, for size purposes.
rbmw263::I think he has been told hes going to be traded.  Or he just see's the writing on the wall.  Bc he has been totally disconnected the last 4 or 5 games.
ensign.devyn::Yeah Hayward needs to get his shot going. Missed a lot of wide open shots tonight.
seferson::hayward's looked bad too
JazzFanFromINDIA::Hayward has an inconsistent shooting stroke. Its good that he does other things good.
Hayward2Favors::Yep you think it's cause he is coming off the bench?
JazzFanFromINDIA::I am already onto that game board.......Gosh ...Jazz win makes me so excited...lol
Hayward2Favors::Favors!
van.muhle::and less Hayward
broncosroxnuggs::is a BUST
Hayward2Favors::trolls gonna troll
ensign.devyn::It's too bad that bust of a player put up 19 points and 7 boards on 6/8 shooting against your team in 24 minutes. Dumb@$$
van.muhle::so angry, so sad
ensign.devyn::all day erry day
JazzFanFromINDIA::Is A BEAST !
vergatease::Giving Denver the great rap that I always expect.  Classless.
Ty Lawson .::Im done arguing with you Utah fans. I hope you do well...
Agent_Avilaz::Ty, tell Iggy to shut the hell up when youre playing for the spread.
JazzFanFromINDIA::Good Luck for the rest of the games. :)
lakers will be 2013 champs::only cool jazz fan here. props to u bro
Ty Lawson .::good luck
Hayward2Favors::Hope you get over the fact you choked tonight :) Peace Ty!
Ty Lawson .::i wont in the playoffs :)
wristedhip::Nuggets are just frustrating. They need someone to take charge, and Lawson isn't always that guy. I know this first part of the season is brutal, but they should be winning games like this. They are a .500 team right now and all the talk has been about a different kind of season than out in the first round of the playoffs.
Agent_Avilaz::Ignore him. His iq is too low for him to say anything else.
Young_Guru303::Yeah I know, he's just a troll.
Young_Guru303::Yeah, I'm crying alright... Shut up Van, get off my d-i-c-k.
van.muhle::your fantasies are gross
Young_Guru303::And I don't mean just calling fouls against the Nuggets, I mean the ridiculous calls on both sides. Totally messed up the flow of the game that Denver absolutely needs. Whatever though, its hard to win a back to back road game, especially somewhere like Utah. It just sucks we have 7 of our next 8 away from home...
Young_Guru303::No, its just they play really really well when they get fast break points. Constant fouling slows down that potential. I'm not saying they would have won the game if the calls were different, I just think they would have had a better shot. Not to mention if Iggy gets a warning instead of two straight techindals. I've never in all my years of basketball viewing seen someone get thrown out on techinals one after the other.
ensign.devyn::Cause the Nuggets are the ONLY team on the court that needs a flow to the game.
Young_Guru303::Its hard to win when the refs wrap the game in a silver platter.
xenosapien::Nuggs had 32 chances at free points, and got 18 of 'em.  Way to blame other people for your teams poor play.
van.muhle::hes crying on the inside
UJ801::Bad calls both ways.  Remember the goal tending missed call? Ball was clearly on its way down
ensign.devyn::Dry those eyes.
xenosapien::Jazz are the same way.  Lots of great pieces, but not THE piece.  And not THE leader/man.
broncosroxnuggs::gallo has tooken charge and won us 2 games late. Relax. sky isnt falling
wristedhip::The legalization of marijuana in Colorado means all sales are taxed. That tax directly supports the K-12 educational system. We'll be a little more educated and high.
rbmw263::give him a break hes only in 5th grade.
van.muhle::tooken?  Making the Denser, I mean Denver public education system proud
broncosroxnuggs::nuggs have played 4 home games and 10 road games .They wont be around 500 when the schedule evens out
seferson::dude is from india and he's a jazz fan, respect he's not a heat or laker or clipper fan, that's a real jazz fan
ensign.devyn::^^respect.
JazzFanFromINDIA::Thanks Bro :)
lakers will be 2013 champs::——————/´ ¯/) —————--/—-/ —————-/—-/ ———--/´¯/'--'/´¯`•_ ———-/'/--/—-/—--/¨¯\ ——--('(———- ¯~/'--') ———\————-'—--/ ———-'\'————_-•´ ————\———--(.................jazz  idk why im hating on the jazz so much. there not even that good.
rbmw263::ha ha hes mad bc he cant spell and the Lakers have no shot at the title.  Maybe if Kobe would pass to D12.
UJ801::they're**
ensign.devyn::Were you dropped on your head as a child?
van.muhle::Stay in school
lakers will be 2013 champs::lol. hell was left fine but n.azi wasn't
ensign.devyn::grammar*
lakers will be 2013 champs::go to hell gramer $@%!
Ty Lawson .::Utah fans dont deserve to be Broncos fans. Get your own team losers.
Agent_Avilaz::He was a quarterback. Are you pretty dense?
van.muhle::Broncos? no thanks, any group of fans that actually thinks Tim Tebow is an NFL quaterback must be pretty dense
broncosroxnuggs::he was a quarterback and now we have the greatest of ALL TIME
xenosapien::Did you fail at every sport you tried so make up for it by placing your "manhood" on the achievements of others?
ensign.devyn::Nice pass. I could make passes to open people that hits them at the buzzer too.
JazzFanFromINDIA::This nigg.a is mad about everything.
UJ801::He's in India... what is the US gonna do? LOL
Young_Guru303::You sure you have freedom of speech?
UJ801::"The Nuggets lost, lets bring up other sports and try to feel superior"   --- Denver fans
Hayward2Favors::At least we get to choose a good NFL team. You guys are stuck with the crappy broncos
UJ801::I know right, since i live in utah i wouldn't know anything about the NFL.
ensign.devyn::Says the guy who's name is Ty Lawson and has a picture of Ty Lawson as his Avatar.
Ty Lawson .::NFL&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;NBA but you wouldnt know.
Hayward2Favors::says the oregon nugget and tarheel fan
gmann305::Seriously
