-tpac_12::These 4th quarter comebacks are nice and all but I prefer 4 solid quarters of basketball. I guess a win is a win but still would love 4 great quarters.
climb171::Faried Beasting
Rascolnikov::I haven't watched the Warriors in awhile, so I thought I'd check them out on Sunday evening.  After all, it looks like they'll have a shot at making the playoffs for the first time in many years.  What I saw, surprised and disappointed me.  Despite its current positive won-loss record, this is far from a team which is coming together as a legitimate playoff contender.  If not for the off-season additions of Jarrett Jack and Carl Landry, this would be a very sorry team.  the player who disappointed me most was Klay Thompson.  What is he doing when he's out on the court other than scowling when a ref makes a call or he misses a shot and pouts as he jogs, head down, to the other end of the court?  He defense is atrocious.  He needs to be coached up considerably.  Warrior management, please stop telling us this is a playoff ready team -- it is an insult to your weary fans,
Rascolnikov::The Warriors have had an easy schedule so far this year and they have done well.  Take a look at their next 20 games and you'll realize they will not likely make the playoffs. They have little inside game (at least until Bogut returns) and the is going to kill them down the stretch.  Last night's game is typical of how they will have to play for the rest of the season -- a lot of three's, which is great if they're going in . but a disaster when they're not.  Curry, Jack, Landry and Lee are solid, but Thompson is going to have to step up his game, particularly on defense if the team is to end the season with a winning record.  If he were trying, I'd ease off, but his attitude is clearly bad.  He will not be with this team at the end of next season and they will grab a solid number two guard in the upcoming draft.  That I would bet on.
BigNick35::Considering this "I haven't watched the Warriors in awhile" - I would say you need to go back and watch some other game tape of this team play earlier this year. Last night's game was not a pretty one agreed but to take one game and blow it out into the whole season - get real. This team is playoff ready with some rough edges - some polishing needed around the corners
gw687::I have to say I watch a lot of basketball.  The Nuggets team that showed up in the 4th quarter last night could beat just about anybody in the league.  They have to learn to be consistent with that effort and energy.
I Will Win 1978::I've been using this online betting system that's called SportsBettingStar.  I doubled my original earnings during my first month, and made just about 3K during my second month using the systems bets.
csallstar11::Wait so only jacking up threes and not geting to the free throw line doesnt work forever? Who woulda thought
roastbeafman87::I don't think I've EVER seen someone as open in a half court set as Gallinari was when he shot that 3 in the highlights. What was really bad was Klay Thompson watched him, and after about 2 seconds clearly said to himself, "Oh...I should probably try to cover him."
charlie hustle bets the over::klay looked lost most of the night; not usually like that.
69durango::If Chandler can stay healthy, the Nugs will have one of the best nine man rotations  in the NBA.  Everyone says you can't win the big prize without a super star.  They are probably correct, but it will sure be fun and interesting seeing how far the Nugs can go.  With these nine guys 2 or 3 will have outstanding games each time out and hopefully each will develop a reasonable degree of consistency that everyone can count on.  It seems to be happening and maybe 2 or 3 of these guys will become top 25 players.  Several are close and / or have the potential.  A year from now I think Nugs will be top three in the West.
climb171::Lakers have no shortage of superstars.........hasnt helped them.
jcolladay::i havent watched many golden state games this year but u guys think theyll be able to keep up this good play and make the playoffs? ive lived w a huge warrior fan the past 3 years and have seen most there games and they always find ways to choke i wonder if theyll keep it up
csallstar11::They wont keep this up, their style of play is a gimmick. They just jack up threes all day and cannot get to the free throw line. They will be a playoff team but as of now they will fall a few spots
ChuckGF::find a way to choke? normally they are just so $@%! they are nowhere near the playoff conversation. At least they're in the conversation!
Freddie Perseus Solomon::Frustrating result. We need Bogut to make a run.
Alex47666::washheightboy3   sorry for calling u a stupid troll your nothing like   dwade
washheightsboy3::we cool.  later.
MostinterestingfanintheWorld::Everytime I read a Mark Jackson quote I can't help but hear his voice saying it. Maybe from hearing him so much on tv
Alex47666::just got back from my bball game how did chandler do
Alex47666::felt the same when my saints loss to the 49ers last postseason
Alex47666::i posted like 10 seconds ago i was sorry for that
washheightsboy3::it sucks for sure.  I'm out.  Hope I got over the "troll" thing, but I really think chandler's contract can be used to offset some payroll in a trade. See you later.  Go Nuggets.
washheightsboy3::FYI Alex that when you run the likes and flags scripts sometimes it can keep your board from updating and you need to F5 it.  Not always but sometimes.  I usually leave it disabled unless I want to see who is flagging everyone (trolls with no honor)
washheightsboy3::as an NFL fan, it was a tremendous game.  as a broncos fan, i didn't sleep well last night.  always next year.
Alex47666::alright thanks at least the broncos ravens game was the best in nfl playoff history so u can say u watch it
Alex47666::what do u think about the bulls
washheightsboy3::dwade, you are umatched in your NBA acumen.  i bet you'll next say the lakers suck with out kobe.  But they suck with kobe.  HAHAHAHAHA!
Alex47666::so what does that say about the teams they blow out on the road like  i dont know  can u think of a team that got beat bad on espn that the bulls beat recently on the road  i just kidding  to spell it out for u because i know u have problems the heat suck
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::they sux witout drose
Alex47666::how
washheightsboy3::google something called tampermonkey and install it.  after you do that go to the add a script (settings?) and you can search a collection of scripts.  search for ESPN.  you'll get a million but the two you want are the flags and likes and another called authorblocker.  that will let you choose which user posts to ignore.  handy when on a baord getting spammed.  the script automatically deletes them.
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::gtfo bud nugs sux  just my 2 sense tho
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::ur mom an taisted good lmao
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::I didn u looser
washheightsboy3::you can run a script that will show you which users like or flag every post
Alex47666::i have it but not really  wait a minute u spelled every word right  well i guess a blind squirel has to find some nuts
washheightsboy3::alex, do you use chrome as your browser?
Alex47666::i want u to prove u didnt like ur own comment
washheightsboy3..::he looked very tradeable.
washheightsboy3::banning is forever, but I won't need that one dot name again. just made it so I could comment during the game.
Alex47666::that suckes do u know how long ur baned
washheightsboy3::yeah....and then I commented under washheightsboy. (one dot) that mods might be fat and got banned onthat one in less than 60 seconds.
Alex47666::thats flat out funny i bet a fat peson flagged
washheightsboy3::looks like I'm out of jail.  NY Post article about a fat woman who was so big she fell throuhg a new york sidewalk.  seems mods are sensitive to weight jokes for some strange reason,
Alex47666::what was the link  about
washheightsboy3..::i got suspended during the broncos game for posting a link to another site.  I'm usually washheightsboy3 with no dots.  haven't come off suspension yet. :(
Alex47666::how are u not a troll your on a board using  a screen name with no fav teams
washheightsboy3..::yeah I'm an idiot.  but no troll
Alex47666::with his contract denver gave him no one going to pay him but us so people saying were going to trade chandler are stupid  so to sum it up  you =stupid  but then again thats what all trolls are
Alex47666::yes i  hoped he played well
KCstills::14 points off the bench
Audi1228::Nuggs will end with a #4 or #5 seed for playoffs.  Church.
washheightsboy3..::I was going to hit the sack early and then The Natural came on.  Guess I'll be up for a while
mdj1988::dammit i m at work
washheightsboy3..::great movie.  just had the scene where Roy takes BP
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::I am drunk lol
washheightsboy3..::the natural?  baseball movie.
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::wat movies that??
washheightsboy3..::me too.  drank during the game.  now watching the natural
Jake-Macauley::Nuggets &gt; Lakers Warriors Grizzlies
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::I bet ur dog did tasite good   lol
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::imso drunk on gin n tonix lol. bug  nugs will beat memfis   just my 2 sense tho
KCstills::denver is bout to up the standings big time. i predict top 4 in the conference for sure. we should probably be 4-0 vs the warriors this year though. 5 straight go nuggets
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::lok @ 93 u yung. he opnoins irilivent
Viktor Karelin::I bet Faried is really annoying to other teams.
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::y ddoes stuff get deleated
jayeteee::Nuggets, Thunder, and Nets the three hottest teams in the NBA over their last 10.
PhilMNAP::Damn it, all the posts on my board erased to some of them 1 hour ago.
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::nugs will make it 2 wcf thos
denverboi1993::lol wishful thinking. Hope you're right but yea... I'm not seeing it.
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::born in 093s
denverboi1993::What?
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::r u a93?
PhilMNAP::I hope the Wolves lose the rest of their games lol. They need McLemore.
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::lol nugs r pretendiers  just my2 sense tho
BvB Dortmund::"My 2 sense"  My god.
denverboi1993::Yea but you're a troll so your opinion is completely worthless.
Slurm Soda....::Wannabe.
denverboi1993::Do you guys think that the Nuggets will make any trades before the deadline? If so who? I think they should get rid of Randolph and Mozzy.
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::lol u were born in93?? u yung looser
denverboi1993::Yea because I'm 19 that automatically makes me a loser. What a dip.sh.it you are.
PhilMNAP::At least he knows how to spell.
Slurm Soda....::If the Celtics or Spurs get no big men one of them will get really desperate and trade for Mozgov. I don't think we would get much.
denverboi1993::Yea true. But if we could get another solid 15-20 minute a game player we'd be Golden
PhilMNAP::Who would you get in return for those two?
PhilMNAP::It is hard to spread minutes around. Randolph is talented, but nobody gives him a chance.
denverboi1993::No clue. Some solid bench player... no clue who but those two need to go because Karl doesn't freakin use them. Plus Mozzy isn't that good.
BvB Dortmund::I believe Gallo is rapidly becoming our go to scorer
PhilMNAP::By the way, Dortmund is my favorite soccer team. Just to let you know.
BvB Dortmund::Everyone's favorite team!  Well not really
petersoncooper::Wish the Nuggets had more of a low post threat to go with all the jump shooters.
patsfanallday42::texans fans were talking about how they were upset that the texans had let holiday go....and we all saw what he can do in the return game....that kid is special.
washheightsboy3..::he's a heart attack.  feast or fumble
patsfanallday42::i havent seen any of the fumbles, but i believe you
PhilMNAP::Hillman needs more touches too.
climb171::How did Faried look tonight?
BvB Dortmund::Better once he got mad and morphed into Manimal
haliborange::energy was there but Lee outplayed him
Slurm Soda....::Decent.
jzalvarado2.0::@ jayetee  Not official on McCoy BUT all the pieces have been moved in place to hire him.  Ray Horton got no bites SO he's coming back as Defensive Coordinator and i think Cardinals New GM has a connection with McCoy.
BvB Dortmund::Our bench is stacked.
jayeteee::Like Chandler said, we have 5 starters on the bench.
climb171::Its a chemistry team.  Just need a go to shooter/creator.
PhilMNAP::2012 Broncos = 2011 Ravens = 2010 Jets = 2009 Vikings
washheightsboy3..::everything ok at home?
PhilMNAP::Well, not sure about that. I think it will be all good in a week. I think the Nuggets cheered her up a little bit tonight though.
washheightsboy3..::sorry to hear that. no action for a year?
PhilMNAP::Oh no :(. I thought it would be a party last night...
petersoncooper::How did Wilson Chandler look tonight?  Who's he gonna take minutes from, Brewer?
haliborange::he looked great ...... brewers and Gallinari's
BvB Dortmund::Likely, he played really well.
Slurm Soda....::I hope so.
WarriorsWarrior::go warriors and niners and giants and bay area!
BvB Dortmund::Wilson Chandler off the bench for Gallinari.  Andre Miller off the bench for Lawson.  JaVale McGee off the bench for Koufus.
washheightsboy3..::Not hard to see Nuggets in the #4 by the end of this month.
haliborange::i don't know we got a tough stretch .... Portland , Houston , OKC twice
a617guy::alright, I know it's mean to bring any more pain to the Donkos fans...but they deserve a little of it for all the smack they were talking for the past several weeks. We told you about Peyton in the playoffs! Now you know what Indy saw for years. Good luck for '13-'14
patsfanallday42::im not shocked peyton threw that late pick.....but i was surprised at the poor play calling and game management by fox....theres plenty of blame to go around.  but no blame goes to trindon holiday or however you spell his name, he was unbelievable.
jayeteee::F U anyway. But thanks.
a617guy::in the end it's all part of the competitive spirit .. i would have liked to see Brady vs Peyton
washheightsboy3..::except this year peyton gave them a lead.
washheightsboy3..::grow up and watch the game
a617guy::He threw a pick-6, an overtime INT that cost the game, and kneeled like a loser with 2 time outs left. Brady wouldn't have given up
Slurm Soda....::Phil what are your thoughts on the Wolves right now?
jzalvarado2.0::Nuggets won so the Trolls are taking one of two choices:  a).  Troll the Warriors b).  Troll the Broncos  B is winning by a landslide right now.  A. was winning earlier.  All Trolls can go to h.ell
haliborange::that wont happen
patsfanallday42::yea i dont think it will either
patsfanallday42::i actually dont mind the nuggets, im a celtics fan, but i like the way the nuggets play.....i wouldnt mind a celtics-nuggets finals....although unlikely
BvB Dortmund::Nuggets making the run for that 4th seed!
climb171::Manning is a gamble that Elway will regret.
climb171::The comparison isnt with Tebow.   Manning has short window.  If it does not happen next year it will not happen.  Age, mobility, arm strength, and the constant possibility of injury.  Bad gamble that did not pay off this year.
PhillyPhanInSoCal::Sure beats having Tebow.
PhilMNAP::Not a gamble, they went way farther this year then they would have with Tebow.
Peyton Mannings Kneel::Champ Bailey retired last week but since postage went up, you didn't get the message until yesterday.
patsfanallday42::he needed more safety help....torrey smith is a burner, im sure bailey can still play decent against physical receivers....smith is just too fast to leave bailey out there on 1v1
Penn State Nittany Pedobears::Never liked the Broncos. They were too old...  :(
BvB Dortmund::How about these Nuggets? Playing really well!
bayareasports86::Painful loss for the Broncos caus they are Denver...Chump Baily needs to go...
PhilMNAP::I think he needs to be moved to saftey. Too slow to play CB.
a617guy::Nah Peyton Manning needs to go, you aren't gonna win with him. Time to trade and rebuild..seriously..
denverboi1993::ANYWAYS Go Nuggets... looks like the pieces are finally coming together... huge game on tuesday though... got to win that before we go to OKC.
petersoncooper::Galinari!
PhilMNAP::Broncos fans, I know what you're going through. My Vikings did the samething in 2009...   Now my girlfriend is going through it... Life sucks.
Penn State Nittany Pedobears::I like both teams because they're both very young...  :)
PhillyPhanInSoCal::Jerry, is that you?
Penn State Nittany Pedobears::How did you know?  =-O
