KOBE STOP-KOBE DONT-NOOOOOO KOBE::BULLSH IT SUCKS!!!!!
kcandersonlau::putting your playbook in the freezer means that your playbook sucks!.  Time for MJ to can and seal your $@%.
12yearlagavulin::A broken clock is right twice a day.
mark35345::The Cats were sitting on a win - in their last 6 games....except the one where they missed 13 shots in the first quarter.
Road dog Red::Happy HEW YEAR Charlotte....
Road dog Red::LMAO.... Da Cows got cattle prodded
Bball fan 23::It could be worse. At least we rnt playing as bad as the celtics.
Axe Radio::The NBA really needs to consolidate. When you have teams that lose 18 in a row and have less than 10 wins at this point in the season, you know the league is watered down.  Charlotte, Cleveland, Washington and New Orleans should be blown up and the players allowed to sign with other teams. A 26 team league would be more competitive than a 30 team league. - Footong Flanagan of Axe Radio.com
Mizzle85::And I hope to GOD it's not butt hurt Bulls fans agreeing with you. I don't even wanna bring up the post Jordan days. It's called rebuilding clowns. Don't act like you don't know.
Mizzle85::And guess what, there would still be LOSING TEAMS clown. There would still be teams rebuilding and only a few teams actually capable of winning the title. Where do you clowns get your logic from. Where were you when the Cavaliers had LeBron and the Hornets had Paul? Where were you when the Wizards had a core of Arenas, Jamison, and Butler and were a threat to win the east? When Charlotte was a playoff team while the Kevin Durant lead Thunder had a 3-29 record? Where were you over these last 10 years when the Clippers and Knicks haven't made the playoffs? Or when the Boston Celtics went on a damn near 30 game losing streak? All these players coming out of college and overseas that are proving to be NBA caliber and you're talking about needing more competition like the games you watch are bad or something. Come up with some real knowledge if you're going to try to kick some clown. And that goes up for anyone who likes your status as well.
Road dog Red::great idea
NYFan-Yankees-Knicks-Giants::" But we beat the Knicks a week ago! ........ we were the best team in the NBA.... " -ignorant bulls fans
Axe Radio::Stop living in the past man! Live in the now!
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::"I'm still mad that I lost to the Bulls so I've been wanting them to lose so bad so I can post my moronic comment!"  -ignorant Knicks fans
Bumslayer86::As a Bull fan with anger  i actually raped a cat and Reinsdorf u cheap Jew i'm gonna start some sort of work camp cause you're a cheap $@%!$ and throw u in it
Bumslayer86::*Cause the Bobcats won
steve1849::kemba is a beast...love that guy
13Datty40Zetty::Bobcats are a PF away from a .500 team.
Good sport333::SINCE WHEN DID THE BULLS START PLAYING BETTER ON THE ROAD THAN AT THE UC WITH SELLOUT CROWDS?  WEIRD
Carbon-based::Bears suck.....bulls r catching up.   Lol
Bumslayer86::I Lovie this comment lol
mrcoolguy7777::Bobcats 2012 &gt; Dream team
Lbj6-detroit-313......::<b> FACT kobe scored 81 points</b>
Big_time_sports_knowledge::Good sports now i must admit u know sports...his playoffs career high 50 in a OT loss agst phoenix...he is great all time great in the regular season but when the playoffs comes around...esp the finals average guy
Good sport333::in march vs. toronto though not playoffs no pressure playoff average drops significantly
Good sport333::out free throwed, 90+ fga but only 81 points, more offensive rebounds than bobcats but fewer def reb, more assist, yet the bulls just can't figure how to score vs. these refs?  MJ hold ya head i feel you, you were so great at playing i guess they just want to make a mockery of the team you are associated with. you know whats up
2 Chainzzzzzzzzzz::<b> Bulls need Scalabrine..</b>
Bumslayer86::Bulls need a new f.uckin roster
KillaKane24::Could you imagine what would happen if we beat the Heat on Friday?  We suck because we lost to the Bobcats....but if we beat the Heat it's just a meaningless regular season game.  I can't wait!
KillaKane24::Called it!!!!
Big_time_sports_knowledge::thats nice to know cuz we cant wait either...the bulls disappointed me tonight i just knew yall would win this game...thats y u shouldnt assume
joest2003::Lets go Cats lets start 2013 on a good note on friday against the Cavs n the rest of season
THESHINING12::happy new years everyone
ywoc::We need Rose back. I think this shows that he deserved his MVP. Lol @ the idiots that think he didn't.
Sportaddition1314::mrcoolguy7777--Rose most certainly is a point guard. He controls the ball around the perimeter and sets up the offense. He's just forced to play more like 2 guard because of the lack of talent at that position.
Big_time_sports_knowledge::The NBA made a mockery of their selves when they gave him that award but then again Lebron made a mockery of him in that series defending him anyways...so...equals out
Big RP::Shut up, he deserved that award
jrey216::Rondo is better
Good sport333::foolishness is bound in the heart of a child
Sir Gunner::Rose is a beast, im a Cats fan but  he is hands done my favorite PG.
BearJWS::Dork, he is a PG.  What universe are you living?
mrcoolguy7777::he isnt a pg
THESHINING12::good job robertcats?
PetrXXX::Michael Kidd-Gilchrist kinda sucks
11_underdog::MKG is a beast! Great defensive player &amp; explosive at the rim
Sir Gunner::Look his his monster game against the Mavs and Hornets.  http://www.anonmgur.com/up/8f93d54a3eec4eeb6dbc08aa14b4c46f.JPG  http://www.anonmgur.com/up/de0cbfafd4782d4d3dd94c2695c659ab.JPG
Mizzle85::Only 2 games? Obviously you haven't kept up with the kid. Please review your facts.
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::2 out of...how many games?
PetrXXX::no just a realist..  Spurs fan here
Sir Gunner::I've seen all of the Cats games unlike you. And I can say that he is good.
Sir Gunner::You're so dumb it's unbelievable.
Sir Gunner::Are you a Hornets fan?
PetrXXX::its a fact.. but not as bad as that austin rivers $@%
kambayahsiman::how pathetic
Leyland should be managing the Cubs::Oh boy..... the Boobcats have won one in a row.  MJ is a great team executive again.
Bulls greater than all teams::I wish the Bulls won, but I am happy for the Bobcats because they needed this win way more than us. Congratulations Bobcats, you earned it!
Encore 2.1::BULLS SUCK LMAO
Good sport333::thank the heat and celtics for creating such a low ceiling
Bulls greater than all teams::They are still a playoff team so they dont suck.
PetrXXX::thats not saying much in the east .. 4-8 are consolidation spots just to take up space
MiQuel249::Things Trolls should not do in 2013 Stand in front of microwaves Drink warm milk Eat uncooked ramen noodles Wear the same hoody all week Stay in moms basement  Have a Happy New Year everyone
hirthdon::Bull fans, Even if and when Rose returns, it doesn't take a genius to see that they are NO MATCH with at least 4 or 5 other teams. Something inconsistent and spasmodic going on, here. Some spark missing, some leadership lacking. The likes of Hamilton and Heinrich (and sometimes, even Noah) are not going to get the job done. Almost reminds me of the Bears. Usually good 'D' but no scoring spark.
KillaKane24::Miami, and any good team in the West.  I would throw NY in there but we already beat them twice.
Bulls greater than all teams::Which teams are they no match for?
MichaelKL017::I invite everyone here to troll the Knicks board  http://espn.go.com/blog/new-york/knicks/post/_/id/32103/top-10-knicks-moments-of-2012
Furious77::Get rid of rose sign cp3.  insant finals...boom
Furious77::Fact is mostly everyone cp3 plays with has career years. tyson chandler,david west,marco belinelli,deandre jordan hell he even got jamal crawford passin the ball and playin a lil defense. I love Rose. but we dont need him to score 25, we need him to make theseother guys better
Furious77::take it easy kid. i know hes injured. The point i was making is that cp3 makes everyone better. Rose is awesome but he cant do anything with these clowns. Cp3 woul get belinelli wide open 3's, pick and roll game with boozer, noah would score 8-10 points on lobs alone. He would be hitting rip in stride comin off picks. deng would probably benefit the most
West.By.God.Virginia::Srry I am drunk HAPPY NEW YEAR TO ALL!!!
West.By.God.Virginia::Durr, hurr...Rose is still injured you idiot. $@%! you and I hope you rot in hell.
Neil826::this is beyond pathetic bulls.  this should count as 5 losses.
TCluvcarpanthers::Losing to the Bobcats isn't the end of the world buddy.
mrcoolguy7777::this is what the mayans predicted.
MolasseScorpion1986::This is sad, Chicago.
TCluvcarpanthers::Losing to the Bobcats isn't the end of the world buddy.
nehemiah9ER::hey, like stephen a. smith says....3 million times a week... "even a broke clock is right twice a day"
arrogantespncommenter9::I'd rather see the Cats continue losing and break the record.
This_Guy1::No, this isn't happening. What's happening!?!!?  Oh, this is our new year's gift. never mind.
ScalabrineSwag::Bulls need to figure things out. We have lost 3 of the last 4. and our win was against the wizards
nehemiah9ER::The Bulls without Rose have a winning record....so they are definitely not the Bobcats
Vampire013::LOL
Vampire013::Don't you get it. The Bulls without Rose are the Bobcats. A group of solid role players. If Rose comes back healthy the Bulls will be just fine.
Vampire013::Way To Go Bobcats. Already better than last season!
Brice162::One game. Chill out Haters
13Datty40Zetty::6 &gt; 0
kdogownsu::lmao bulls are garbage this is the pacers divison
Bulls greater than all teams::In case you didnt know the Bulls are 0.5 game back in the so called Pacers division.Also if the Bulls are garbage how are they still a playoff team without their star player?
TCluvcarpanthers::I missed the game ugh.
KevinOllieSaves::kemba=beast
Bulls greater than all teams::I agree Kemba Walker is a good player. He lit up the Bulls today so I have to give him his congrats.
--LOL--::Bobcats &gt; bulls :)
Bulls greater than all teams::Derrick Rose still isnt back Einstein. You could say Bobcats &gt; an injured Bulls team, but the Bulls are injured.I guess on the bright side since the Bobcats only won by 10 and Derrick Rose previously averaged 21 points per game, 4 rebounds per game, and 7.9 assists per game.This means we would have won by a blow out if he played.
UConnTaliek::First of all, the Bobcats have two starters missing (Mullens and MKG) although I don't think Mullens is starter worthy.  I am not trying to say that those guys missing is equivalent to Rose missing, but even still the Bulls beat the Knicks twice so far this year.  No excuses, you lost Bobcats wanted this one more.
Mikepokeefe::Judging by your name, you think the Bulls are greater than all teams...
mugupo::lol who ever bet BotCat win would be rich.
aihoops221::hey all my sports fans! Please go Like our page at Sports Topics! We handout FREE Prizes and have sports debates! Thank you ! http://www.facebook.com/SportsTopics
KillaKane24::Insert "No Rage Face" here.
tomBabauts::Coach Thibs another Mike Brown
dante9876::This
Chicago D.Rose::we need a damn scorer or someone thats athletic
KillaKane24::Yeah, I can't believe I argued with someone who said the Bulls were a nonathletic team.  He was right.
45224_CollegeHill_Cincinnati::the bulls weak as he!!
Bulls greater than all teams::The Bulls are still a playoff team without Derrick Rose, so when he returns  we will see if your opinion changes.
KillaKane24::Very constructive....
aihoops221::hey all my sports fans! Please go Like our page at Sports Topics! We handout FREE Prizes and have sports debates! Thank you ! http://www.facebook.com/SportsTopics
Chicago D.Rose::pathetic pathetic pathetic, what the hell happened
