Rickvaughn2181::The clippers' streak is going to end tonight vrs the hot at home dalaas tonight!! Im sorry clipppers fans, yet i can help u guys with some nice betting strategies to consider on my blog so come on down! http://nbawagers.com/2012/04/nba-gambling-for-the-la-clippers-at-the-dallas-mavericks/
raybo923::who paul milsap no way
raybo923::this is cp3 s team and they are a better team with mo williams out mo thinks cp3 and him are  apush or at least he plays like it let cp run things mo
GoTmJazz52::That PAUL is a BIG FAKER!
BarrelRider04::Nice to see the Clips turn the ship around here as of late although their defense is still a glaring issue, it's still completely pathetic. The fact they just ended the month 11-9  playing more games than any team in one month since 1967 is impressive - at least for Clipper standards. Also, very interesting how they are 6-0 in Chauncey Billups return to the bench. Even on the bench, he makes them a better team!!
10bmurphy10::boo jazz
Kobe62pts_Mavs61pts::Lol 6 home games in a row? When do the clippers actually play a tough schedule? When they do I can't wait to see them fail hahahha
El Pollo Laker Loko::lol
BarrelRider04::THEY JUST PLAYED 20+ GAMES IN ONE MONTH, MORE THAN ANY TEAM HAS PLAYED IN ONE MONTH SINCE 1967, YOU F-ING DONKEY!!!!! IS THAT NOT A TOUGH ENOUGH SCHEDULE FOR YOU KOBE62PTS? YOU ARE ONE SERIOS F-ING JACK-OFF IGONORANT MO-FO!!!!
jonmikewm::lakers just played New Orleans btw
drmcfunk::haha we just played 20 games in a month which is the most any team has done in 30 years thats also more games in a month than any other teams played this year. And Kobe was just $@%!$@%! about how he is fatigued go throw his a** on the bench again because thats where he belongs. All he does is complain
roger_z0::Lakers blow
AceyUT::jazz own the tiebreaker over denver, houston and minnesota and play phoenix and san antonio two more times before the season gets over. it will be interesting.
Lebron_is_the_greatest::Bwahaha clippers are a joke. Must suck being a poor man's lakers considering it sucks being the lakers with kobe brick bryant at the helm
sambecker1::no one likes you. that's a fact.
crondito::Yes because you a a really big deal around these parts Kobe62
Kobe62pts_Mavs61pts::And who the f.uck are you Sam? A nobody
Joe Raygor::Good game Utah, hope you guys pull it together and get back on track.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Also...doesn't look like Golden State is gunna stay out of the 7th worst spot. The teams below them keep winning.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Earl Watson is kinda playing twice as bad as Harris was at his worst. Tinsley should take over the backup position. Watson just isn't producing...his shot SUCKS too! I know i would beat him in HORSE 10 out of 10 times.
Mr Calogero::Clippers &gt; Lakers
Kobe62pts_Mavs61pts::Lol make the playoffs 3 times in your whole existence? Ok
jjensen1192::F.cuk .you utah.
Shub2308::Chris Broussard looks like someone pissed in the snow
Shub2308::Clippers fan &gt; Lebron or heat fan
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::i bet you haven't been a clipper fan for long. bandwagon piece of crap fan right here^^^
Doc3357::Go Clippers
lamriverside8::damn boring discussion bored   clutchh = win   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nR13sKCIRnQ
billyjack17::Nice win. 2 wins away from first in the Pacific and 3rd in the West.
lamriverside8::clutchh = win numbers = lebron = no win  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nR13sKCIRnQ
2012WrestlingStateChampion::what happened to raja bell dude hasnt been balling
Doc3357::Anybody seen Chris Broussard lately. Lowlife tried to get Del Negro fired. I hate writers who hate on players/coaches.
joedbag::he's the only guy in the league you can call 'negro' w/o getting beat up
joedbag::.
Jthizz69::I wish he got Del Negro fired.
c4dawgs5512::whats the free pick website thats good
c4dawgs5512::its like something allstar
c4dawgs5512::do u know one seriously
joedbag::Lol
c4dawgs5512::didnt work
joedbag::www.allstarpicks.com/1876293/net/org/youreadouche/7433245a11.gov.eu
lamriverside8::clutchh = win numbers = lebron = no win  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nR13sKCIRnQ
CamGoingHAM::And a tribute to Blake Griffin, one of the hardest feats to accomplish in sports  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SQ9kJfRDeAk
1Realthing::It's his second year he will improve.
gt1master_ike::The west is not the east. All the teams in the playoffs deserve to be there and its a highly competitive conference. There will be no sweeps AT ALL in any round.
billyjack17::Lakers are really not that good. I could see them getting beat in the first round.
CamGoingHAM::Chicago sweeps Milwaukee in the 1st round, Miami sweeps Philadelphia, San Antonio sweeps LAC,Chicago sweeps Atlanta in 2nd round,OKC sweeps Lakers in 2nd round
USANIGERIA::Spurs are really overrated. Look for them to be bounced out in the first round again this year.
gt1master_ike::Westbrook will definitely cost them at least a game in a potential series. ANd the spurs aren't sweeping anyone.
joedbag::'the west is not the east'   -are you sure??
lamriverside8::clutchh = win numbers = lebron = no win  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nR13sKCIRnQ
joedbag::test
Soonerhopeful1::Well I like the style of the Jazz, they keep coming and have talent...As a Clippers fan, I hope the Jazz keep playing hard and make the Playoffs.... they have some balance and talent.   I'm out of here.
zprince3::They're just too inconsistent and don't play the best players because Corbin doesn't want to hurt guys' feelings.  Jefferson takes all out shots and makes about half of them but he doesn't ever get to the free throw line or defend and it's hard to win with him in there.
lamriverside8::clutchh = win numbers = lebron = no win  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nR13sKCIRnQ
CamGoingHAM::Bulls in 6 over San Antonio in the Finals
USANIGERIA::San Antonio won't even make it past the first round. Most overrated team in the NBA.
c4dawgs5512::does anybody know the free nba picks website like allstar something or a good one with free picks
smr1274@gmail.com::Congrats Clippers
smr1274@gmail.com::I'm not bringing up old $@%! from last year, history of this franchise, comparing CP3 to other pg in the NBA, bringing up Kobe or Lebron, etc. Let other people waste their time doing it.
Jthizz69::once again, dude is the man.
smr1274@gmail.com::Hey, straight and to the point.
Jthizz69::thanks man, ^ good man. This is how the board should function.
joedbag::yeah good luck w/ that
lamriverside8::clutchh = win numbers = lebron = no win  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nR13sKCIRnQ
MavsNation92::I respect Kobe game but not Lebron since he isn't scared to shoot the ball when the game is on the line
Soonerhopeful1::I commend the Jazz on a good Game; Jefferson is getting back to true All Star form... Jazz are Playoff team worthy, but the West is deep and of quality teams...Good luck Jazz.
JeremyLinTimTebow...::The Jazz have a strong inside game, if they were in the Eastern Conference they would no doubt be in the playoffs.
Jthizz69::really? I thought Milwaukee was 9th and they are below .500? and I thought Knicks were .500 at best.
MavsNation92::The Jazz would actually be in the 9th seed if they were in the east right now
MavsNation92::Yea the Knicks get to play all crappy eastern conference team so I understand what you're trying to say
JeremyLinTimTebow...::Their schedule would be incredibly different if they were in the Eastern Conference. You do know how scheduling works, correct?
gt1master_ike::I thought gordon hayward was a shooter ?  ANd what about cj miles ?
zprince3::CJ is a shooter, just not a maker.
ghettoslider::nope
scow79::Now if they could just get a couple of shooters
Soonerhopeful1::Wow....again am I on a kindergarten  message board..... Lets show a little class here people.
Jthizz69::There's always so much crap here, CamGoingHAM and even the f.ucker above me have been trolling the crap out of this board.
MileHighFan9::This is the ESPN boards...am i missing something?
MileHighFan9::Houston Rocket Floppers
CamGoingHAM::Clipper fans just made a new term up, "True Loss" ........ lmfao  Jthizz69 - this too, the blowout loss at the beginning of the year was our only true "loss" to SA. the other game or games, I forget, were ours to lose and Chris Paul made a very un-Paul-like play.
gt1master_ike::Spurs can have ginobili back. Doesn't mean they will play better than they are now. THe memphis grizz got z bo back and suck now. SPurs are not good enough to sweep anyone.
abcdsb::depth? only players that can shoot three pointers. still spurs defense suck and if you meet denver im sure you wont survived againts that team so deep and stacked with quality players.
gt1master_ike::I've watched 2 of the 3 SA clips games this year and  i have seen nothing that would lead me to believe SA would sweep them. That just will not happen.
CamGoingHAM::They have more depth than last year and they've won in many games this season with Duncan not reaching double digit in points and rebounds
abcdsb::spurs need to survive the first round first before they can meet the clippers.i dont think duncan has the legs to go against denver or grizzlies or houston into 7 games.
CamGoingHAM::They loss to San Antonio with Ginobili missing most of the game at home,not good
CamGoingHAM::Who's guarding Ginobili? Didn't L.A. lose at home to San Antonio with Ginobili missing most of the game with a injury? And yeah they beat San Antonio in the last game but the score was closer than that,Spurs made it a game with about 5 minutes to go. I'm sure L.A. doesn't win a game in a playoff series with San Antonio. Not with that airball machine Blake Griffin shooting free throws in the 4th quarter of close games for the Clippers.
Jthizz69::this is all I meant. Clips were very competitive and looked better in 2 of the games. The first one was to start the year when San Antonio had a familiar roster and the Clips were working in new pieces.
CamGoingHAM::Dumba.ss lol, "true loss" ........ i'm over here rolling ............
Jthizz69::in your mother's basement?
Jthizz69::I feel sorry for you, you look around for a comment to pick on and, instead of being a man and talking smack there, you post a new comment for all to see. Insecurity at its best. Yup I posted that.
Jthizz69::I know, but when they single you out you have to put them in their place. Thanks Lin and Tebow, I can always count on you guys to restore my faith...in humanity.
JeremyLinTimTebow...::There are no true men on internet boards, only trolls.
johndoe106::CLIP SHOOOOW!
Jthizz69::31-21 haters, that's good for 4th place in the superior Conference.
Jthizz69::Unfortunately we have a terrible bench too! it all depends on how much Paul can motivate the rest of the team. I have faith he will show up in the playoffs, but will anyone else? That's why the Chauncey injury really hurt.
gt1master_ike::The clippers schedule is a cake walk even though they played about 5 more road games than home games the rest of the way. If they just show up and not get complacent , a 3 seed is possible with the lakers looking dreadful right now.
MavsNation92::The Lakers bench is weak so that might cause them to go down in the seeding
Jthizz69::Either way it will likely be Clips-Dallas. one of my best friends is a Dallas faithful so it should be a fun series.
MavsNation92::Monday will be a first round preview since the entire Mavs team is healthy and everyone is back
abcdsb::you mean 3rd seed? lakers is struggling right now. barely beating a banged-up hornets. wait tomorrow they will get crushed by warriors
MavsNation92::Every game between the Mavs and Lakers were close except for the Last one. You know I'm right
abcdsb::did mavs win againts the lakers this season?
MavsNation92::Why would I be scared of the Lakers when my Mavs swept them last season 0-4. Most likely it will Mavs vs Clippers in the 1st round of the playoffs
abcdsb::scared on lakers? if they fall on 4th seed they will face the mavs on first round.
MavsNation92::I hope they do get blown out
323BrownPride::no, the #3 seed
MavsNation92::#3 Lakers #4 Mavs #5 Clippers #6 Memphis
MavsNation92::Clippers will finish the season as the #5 seed
Soonerhopeful1::Great Clippers win, congratulations Clippers...  Looks like a line of Clippers by 10 was the line to have for Jazz.
Soonerhopeful1::One may be a fan for what ever reason...But your Crystal ball is clouded in this case.. I go back to Sam Cassell, and even back to " Bob MCadoo...
Jthizz69::he's a Blake fan, he can be a Clips fan because of it. Not nearly as bad as bandwagonning when Paul came, as many did.
MavsNation92::I bet you became a Clipper fans since Blake Griffin played for the Oklahoma Sooners
playadelCHI::man are you Clip fans delusional...this team is going nowhere - theyre like the new, and slightly improved 07-11 Atlanta Hawks
Jthizz69::1 seed losing to an 8 seed. pathetic. that is all.
playadelCHI::shoooooooting threeeee's weeee. lol gl in your 5 game playoff exit
Jthizz69::but why am I even responding to an $@%!$@% like you, We just won our 4th or 5th game in a row, against a team above .500 tonight, but we are still crap. Even if we go unbeaten for the rest of the year we are delusional and the team is crap.
abcdsb::clips beat spurs 2 games they give one on a dumb pass by gomes and beat them cleanly at san antonio
CamGoingHAM::lol @ true loss,any loss is a loss no matter how you try to sugar coat it dumba.ss
Jthizz69::this too, the blowout loss at the beginning of the year was our only true "loss" to SA. the other game or games, I forget, were ours to lose and Chris Paul made a very un-Paul-like play.
gt1master_ike::CLips talent at the top &gt; all those hawks teams. IF they just get a legit wingman, they will be deadly.
CamGoingHAM::If they play San Antonio in the 1st round they will get swept
playadelCHI::and he does it on lobs and awkward broken post iso plays. His offensive game and bball IQ is brutal to watch
CamGoingHAM::Clips don't have the roster Memphis had last season,a defensive team that had two bigs who could get 20 and 14, Clippers don't play defense and have just one guy who is capable of getting 20 points and 14 boards. Plus their best player (CP3) would have to deal with Tony Parker,who's guarding Ginobili? Quick 4 game series if it happens
Jthizz69::that's what everyone said about any team playing SA last year, we all saw what happened...
DenvNUGGETS::Ahahahaha told you easy W for the clippers ahahaha jazz suck
zprince3::Yeah we do right now.  Nuggs will either miss the playoffs or lose in the first round.
Jazzgoob::You mean Thuggs
MavsNation92::Mavs have the tie breaker over Denver, Houston, Jazz, Phoenix and if they beat the Clippers on Tuesday they will have another tie breaker.
BRAY5150::Too bad the clips are gonna win
MavsNation92::sure
playadelCHI::too bad the Mavs suck dik
MavsNation92::ok hater
Danglehossa::What the hell was the personal foul for with 27 seconds left in the game
Danglehossa::go die.... ur lucky that Devin bet second half over at half time.
chuchnorris94847383::yes i know what happened..  i won 650 with jazz and over 2nd half and u lost awwwwww hehehehehee
Danglehossa::Anybody see why that happened, under got fuked again by bull $@%! at the end
gt1master_ike::Haha what happened to devin harris? He had that one year when he had 22 and 7 and was an all star and now he just doesn't do anything.  ANd he doesn't even run the P&amp; R which he was one of the best at in NJ.
CamGoingHAM::He went from 2 wins from a NBA Title in Dallas to a team that's had the most losses in the NBA over the last 3 years, plus he had injuries. Truth is,he really wasn't a All-Star Quality Guard but had the numbers of one,you think Joe Johnson is a All-Star Quality Guard? My point
Jthizz69::It is easy for a PG to put up numbers on a bad team, just look at Jack and Vasquez on New Orleans. They look like all-stars this year. Now at 27-26, this is a much better team than Harris' NJ team.
gt1master_ike::Yep but he missed the easy GW layup. Thats the one thing about jack. He isn't a take over type at the end of games.
Jthizz69::my point exactly. Look at Jack's line today. huge double double with no turnovers. It was a Chris Paul statline. Yet his team had an easy win in LA but they couldn't hold on.
gt1master_ike::Jack is a great back up PG. If the hornets had someone to pass to, he could pass as a borderline starter.
CamGoingHAM::Jazz would beat the Knicks in 6 games in a playoff series
Edwyer76::Ummm No.
Jthizz69::Good game Jazz fans, you guys are good sports. Good luck with the team, tell them to tank or play their tails off, because in between would be the worst.
zprince3::Unfortunately that's what we're best at doing.  Maintaining mediocrity.
theboog69::200 parlay sa and over la and over thank you clips
