NBASantas::HOUSTON ROCKETS! TEAM WORK MAKES THE DREAM WORK! http://nbasantas.blogspot.com/2012/04/santa-readied-for-playoff-launch.html
NobodyisBetterThanJordan::Watching some of these top ranked teams in the West start to do some strategic tanking so they aren't the ones facing the Rockets in the post-season is encouraging. Everybody in the league, nevermind the media, recognize who's heating up right now. Appropriately, the Rockets the hottest team right now. $h!t just got real NBA! H-town's a scorned team looking for  some respect. Ya'll aint giving it, so they taking it!
waenloteion::While I think what nobody said is ridiculous, what cod said is equally as ridiculous.  The Rockets are 10-5 in the last 15 and include wins IN OKC, Chicago, LA plus they also beat LA and Memphis.  Oh and those 5 losses?  They include 2-2point OT losses to Dallas and Indiana and a 4-point loss to the Clippers in LA with the other 2 losses being @Pho and against Dallas.  Really though I hope you are right and that no one is afraid of them because that makes it easier for the Rockets to pull off the upset.
cod4hooper::You are absolutely crazy if you think any of the top teams in the West are afraid of Houston. Houston wouldn't win 2 games in a 7 game series against any of them...please stop flattering yourself. I can understand you enjoying the win, but you won against a team that's not even going to make the playoffs. Seriously, no one is afraid of this team...
lamriverside13::what in the WORLD is METTA WORLD PEACE THINKING???? YOU tell me!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vO92Q-ZCjm4
QBridge96::Sessions, the same overrated chump that Goran Dragic punked at Staples Center last week?
lamriverside13::Ramon Sessions HITS CLUTCH shot!!!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4mK9VGsr2AY
lamriverside13::ramon session dunks over CHRIS CAVEMAN?????  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gdqy9Y-hQuc
QBridge96::Quit promoting your low-quality $@%! videos on the Rockets board, you queer.
lamriverside13::He beens on fire lately!!!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QzVsUkfLLog
Paul96857::Ali44, I think this team has been running great since he said http://bit.ly/IdCjtx
Strobes503::Thanks for the loss Rockets, and good luck to you in the Playoffs. Blazers need to lose every game from here on out, maybe... just maybe we get another chance to draft the right player or two. Who wants to see Rip City lose in the first round again this year? Not this guy.  Glad our guys haven't given up, shows heart... but it's no fun being in the NO MANS land in the NBA, and unfortunately for Portland, All-Star Free Agents don't come to here.  We have to find em in the draft, just hope we don't get another guy or two with injury issues, sorry B Roy... Oden, not so much.
vonsteve1668::Good luck finding the next Bowie. I mean Oden. I mean...ever consider building through free agency?
Blazelover13::If Houston can somehow keep a hold of that #6 seed, they'll be a good match-up for either the Lakers or Clippers and could easily pull off the upset. An impressive four-game road trip indeed; I love it! This team is very talented and can play very well on any given night. I think they can pull off what  Memphis did last season and go far in the playoffs! Go Rockets!
vonsteve1668::If the playoffs started today, I'd take the Rockets over the Lakers. A lot could still change in the next 9 games, but right now, the Rockets are playing like the better team.
sports guy12::I like it, Dragic is playing real well
cutnshoot1985::Good luck to Portland Trailblazers too, its time to make this team a title contender again.  Screw LA, i even remember watching the 2000 GM 7.
Strobes503::I don't even hate the Lakers anymore, you know what I hate? I hate the Clippers and the Heat. All style no substance... well, maybe not quite the Heat but they have LBJ so there is plenty of reason to not like them.
cutnshoot1985::LOL
Kobelies247::Blah blah
cutnshoot1985::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Kn6yFfwyRM  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qAGDNHugl_U  The first video ended our championship run.  Thanks to malone and hornacek helping stockton for a WIDE OPEN 3 and no foul being called.   The second video crushed our credibility and proved olajuwon and barkley are too old to bring houston a title.  I watched that very game on TV and realized the spurs were the future with a young Duncan.  I watched the rockets go on to lose to the lakers , 3 games to 1 in the 1st round when it used to be best of 5...and realized they were going to be the future with Kobe.  BUT I still remember Robert Horry/Mario Elie being clutch as hell in 1995.  HA I was only 10 years old but won't EVER forget the dream $@%!$@%! on Robinson.  I would never wish that upon a NBA player ever again.  Hell these years of us never being contenders don't even add up to that brutal series!   Good luck Rockets, thank you !!!
Kobelies247::Nice game Portland :D
CallMeMessiah::Kobelies!  it's me!  the Messiah!  meow!!!
karelp::19 ppg and 8 apg with a 10-6 team record not bad for a "backup" PG filling in as a starter.
Lorenzomax14::As good as Lin's 16-10 :)  I am both Dragic and Lin fan. And also I like Lowry too.
Lorenzomax14::Lin was not a fluke if you had watch those games vs. Pacers/76ers/Raptors on March you would know it. He had to sacrifice his owns to get those two stars(STAT and Melo) involved after they came back to the line-up. But he still had the 2nd best PER of 4th quather amount PGs in this league.
bobbydagreat::But Dragic is for real, Lin was a fluke
rabbi187::Houston is the definition of a "team" and are getting hot at the right time, but you wouldn't know judging by the lack of respect given to them by the media. I hope other teams aren't paying any attention either...
dt186504::The Astro's got run on Sports Center tonight and the Rockets didn't.  Think that makes the point loud and clear.
vonsteve1668::For what it's worth (very little) they did move up 8 spots in the ESPN power rankings.
Yu_Darvish_and_Ichiro::LOL @ Immature Andrew Bynum
dval08::But seriously though, I can relate to Portland fans...  ...the same things that plagued them and kept them from vaulting into the title hunt, were the same things that plagued us.
Lorenzomax14::Who should be the starting backcourts of Houston in Playoff?  #1 K.Lowry #2 C.Lee #3 G.Dragic  I want to know your opinions. I have no idea cuz this question is too hard for me to answer! LOL
eshelman1424::I think we should leave Dragic in as a starter throughout the playoffs but also play Lowry alongside him like they did tonight.  It would be a tough match-up for teams to try and defend that.
CBass1317::Kobe, Manu and Harden will all be licking their chops.  I don't think the top west shooting guards are too worried.
7Fury7::In the meantime, when is Martin coming back? That's a seriously deep, talented, and confident backcourt when he gets back on the floor.
Lorenzomax14::I think K.Martin is........nearly done.....I don't like him... too inconsistent and a defense liability.
natskivna::They are all gonna get big minutes like they did tonight.  The guys with the hot hands will get the most.  What a fun problem to have finding minutes for all 3.
vonsteve1668::I think they should all be getting big minutes. Not sure I care who starts. Maybe Dragic off the bench but with starter type minutes.
bobbydagreat::Right now it should be Dragic and Lee with Lowry backing up Dragic, and Dragic backing up Lee on occasion.
Yu_Darvish_and_Ichiro::I still hate Fakers.  Vujabittch and Kobrick: the too dirtiest players in 2009
natskivna::Very pleasantly surprised to see Lowry playing at such a high level so quickly.    And to think only 10 days ago there was talk he wouldn't even be back this year.
amiller244::Just continue the nosedive Blazers....can't even keep a little pride and defend your home floor. I know it's a mini-rebuilding project but losing all these home games is unacceptable. The last few years it seems like the only time we lost at home was against really good teams.
Strobes503::Amiller244.... YOU SHOULD BE HAPPY WE LOST!   DRAFT PARTY YO... Maybe we get a GM who picks a player or two that don't have a history of injuries.   I'm just mad we have won ANY games since the All-Star break. Sometimes you gotta get bad to get good......
7Fury7::I honestly feel bad for the Portland franchise. Losing Brandon Roy completely, Oden never pans out. Aldridge has finally risen to his draft status the last two years, but the could've been's have got to hurt.
vonsteve1668::Right. I'm just saying I understand passing on Jordan when they had Drexler.
CBass1317::Oden over durant was the majority opinion at the time.  but Bowie over Jordan?  Not as acceptable.  Blazers wanted the Dream, but a coin toss for the Rockets and that was all she wrote.
vonsteve1668::I don't think Aldridge was that slow to succeed. I think he was a good pick from day one. The rest, yeah, brutal. You can see the reasoning of why they didn't go for Jordan or Durant, but in retrospect...ouch.
natskivna::Sometimes teams just don't match up well with other teams.  Houston is that team for you guys.
amiller244::I'd call the rockets an up and coming above average team, but definitely not a serious championship contender yet.
natskivna::You DID lose to a really good team tonight.
Andrew510161::It's so brutal how rigged the NBA is. Why even try to score that last lay up?
CBass1317::Jamal Crawford is an idiot.  Not too much more going on there ...
Andrew510161::What would those be?
QBridge96::Basketball reasons.
bobbydagreat::If the trade before the season hadn't been vetoed, the Rockets would be a top 3 team in the West and one of the favorites to be in the finals.
azntiger807::we would've kept Jeremy Lin ... hahaha, sorry. I had to throw that in ...
7Fury7::It's hard to say. No Dragic, No Kevin Martin, no Scola. The backcourt would've been worse for sure with less depth, but would the far superior frontcourt have made up for it? I'm not sure.
Adrianch01::Rockets wouldn't had Dragic..Hornets would of been a better team..
Adrianch01::I was saying the same thing, but then out of no where Dragic started playing like he is today. The team is more balanced now that they have Camby. Don't forget about Martin when he comes back.
natskivna::I'm not completely sure thats true now.    Our team right now is so damn balanced and deep.  And Camby/Dalembert are the 2 headed monster that protects the paint better than soft Gasol and injured Nene.
bobbydagreat::Sure, but the Rockets would be a better team as well. They would have a frontcourt of Pao and Nene
Yu_Darvish_and_Ichiro::LOL @ Fakers when we took them to game 7 without Yao and McGrady
7Fury7::Let's not get carried away here. I'm as big a Rockets fan as any, but there's no way we would've continued to win without either Yao or Tmac. They won the rest of the games at home in that serious on sheer adrenaline and emotion. The Fakers blew us out on the road though.
Adrianch01::They won the championship that year. If the Rockets would of won that series, they would of probably came out with the trophy.
Yu_Darvish_and_Ichiro::Kobrick injured Yao. what a $@%!$
screwhead2305::who do we have next on the schedule?
screwhead2305::thats a team i dislike very much
lmata1981::Oh, I know...I know all too well...
natskivna::That was a friggin moving pick foul by Malone on Barkley.....
lmata1981::Don't we all? 1997 Game 6 still makes me cry...
Adrianch01::Utah on Wend.
dval08::Like this if you agree that "MEOW!!!" is the sound that a  p.u$$y makes.
CallMeMessiah::HISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!  IS THAT BETTER???  MEOW!!!
Cris-Simanca::did the last bucket count?
dwightgooden85::unfortunately yes
Seven13Hou::Good grinded out win for the Rockets .....Lowrys BACK !
This is my 68th account::Houston is a big guy with some offensive skill away from being a title contender
Adrianch01::Hope we had Hakeem :/
vonsteve1668::A lot of teams are a big guy with offensive skills away from being a contender. Those guys are hard to find.
vonsteve1668::I'm an old fashioned believer in team chemistry. And I wouldn't want to screw with the chemistry they seem to be forming.
This is my 68th account::At this point there is no risk in signing Oden. He will come SUPER cheap. Hard to believe but at this point there is only upside for Oden.
Adrianch01::Down for the season. Rockets are not going to risk of signing him next year..
This is my 68th account::Not alot of teams. Had they gotten Gasol they would be serious title contenders right now.
CallMeMessiah::Oden is available.  meow!!!
Yu_Darvish_and_Ichiro::Why does Ron Artest suck $@%! after he left Rockets? I did not get it, guys.
CBass1317::He looked OK in the finals two years ago.  I especially liked when he thanked his therapist.
CallMeMessiah::LIKE THIS IF YOU BELIEVE I AM YOUR LORD!  MEOW!!!
CallMeMessiah::HEATHENS!  MEOW!!!
CallMeMessiah::HISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!
QBridge96::You pathetic, lonely man.
QBridge96::Dear Memphis, thanks for Kyle Lowry.
Chancemc123::I think they're thanking us for Rudy Gay just as much :\
QBridge96::Flagged.
CallMeMessiah::Hottest teams right now:  1. Memphis Grizzlies 2. Houston Rockets 3. San Antonio Spurs  meow!!!
vonsteve1668::Think the Spurs deserve the #1. Then Rockets.
natskivna::NBA Southwest....where the road to the title runs through.
jdmack517::It's always the hardest division
Adrianch01::Rockets beat the Grizzlies not to long ago...
Lorenzomax14::Mavericks is a mess this year compared to the past.
lmata1981::Rocks won in Chicago and Los Angeles. It's tough to say, really...
natskivna::I'm a HUGE Rockets fan....but to say the Rockets are ahead of the Grizzlies is a toss up.  Grizz beat Heat and Mavericks in the past week.
Adrianch01::Well i'm talking about the hottest teams right now..and clearly the Rockets are ahead of the Grizzlies.
natskivna::2-2 this year.
natskivna::Rockets playing their best basketball of the season right now.    Everyone getting healthy, playing loose, stepping up defensive intensity and a whole lot of depth.  Mchale should get some run for COTY.  Won't win but deserves a mention.
Adrianch01::Yea he does, but Pops is going to get it.
Cris-Simanca::call reversed. blazers lose by 7
TheRealBillyWalters01::Of course it did......Are u serious? U really believed that?
Cris-Simanca::so it did count?
Cris-Simanca::i had first row up too. they didn't say anything
TheRealBillyWalters01::Wishful thinking...A good soup up tho
aster513::i got portland tv channel streaming on firstrow.  they said they disallowed that last basket in postgame wrap-up
Cris-Simanca::how do u know?
aster513::yeah they did. crazy.  thank you!!!!
Cris-Simanca::did they really? i was joking lol
aster513::oh crap they really did.  didn't know they could do it so much later after the game had shown final on espn.   YESSSS!!!!
Dadsterbug::There ya go.  Another defeat.  And the referee is...?   Ron Garretson!   Our winning % when R.G. referees is less than 10%.  What doea that tell ya!
vonsteve1668::I don't know. That he blocks all your shots?
QBridge96::Memphis Grizzlies, the Jacksonville Jaguars of the NBA.
Adrianch01::Grizzlies actually has a pretty good offense...
lmata1981::The Grizzle are scary, no doubt about that. They will be a very tough out. I'd probably say they get out of the first round against the Clip Show, but lose to OKC in a strong series.
screwhead2305::thabeet and flynn combined for 7 total minutes.. surprised they arent getting more minutes when u have Felton and Pryzbilla starting
QBridge96::Memphis Grizzlies, a brief history...  Division titles: 0 Conference titles: 0 NBA titles: 0
dval08::Not to be confused with the Vancouver Grizzlies LOL.
Lorenzomax14::Imagine if Morey had kept Lin ...LOL  #1 K.Lowry #2 G.Dragic #3 J.Lin
Yu_Darvish_and_Ichiro::and BROOKS!!
Lorenzomax14::Actually A.Brooks is not as good as etiher one above. He had been a turnover prone in Chinese basketball postseason too... SMH.
Lorenzomax14::He should have K.Martin waived instead of J-Lin.
Lorenzomax14::LOL
TheRealBillyWalters01::Did I really lose $1650 on Rockets +3.5 (2nd half) , on a tip in with 0.1 seconds left
aster513::whoever saw it, did he really get it off in time???
Cris-Simanca::did u see it?
TheRealBillyWalters01::I didnt watch it live ..No...
TheRealBillyWalters01::0.1 seconds ...on a offensive rebound......I'm still waiting for them to reverse it
Cris-Simanca::he called timeout for the 2nd half cover. duh are u stupid?
CallMeMessiah::that's why they call it gambling.  and it's a sin.  meow!!!
TheRealBillyWalters01::No, you;re not annoying..You;re really not
aster513::i want to ffucking kill the blazers coach.  why the ffuck did he take a timeout down by 7 with 5 sec to go???
TheRealBillyWalters01::I hate getting burned like that, in the end when the other team has no shot to win
aster513::exactly what i was thinking.  when the ffuck does felton hit 3s in the 4th quarter when i bet on his chubby ffuck
TheRealBillyWalters01::Thats exactly why I dont watch it on TV.....If I had the Blazers they woulda NEVERRR covered like this
Cris-Simanca::I'm happy
alexjr0000::im so pissed
Yu_Darvish_and_Ichiro::I love the 2009 season when we beat blazers 4-2
CBass1317::That was a good Rockets team.  I liked you guys going to the finals if Yao had hung in there.  That was the last time Blazers fans really got to see Roy at his best.  Rox took the series but Roy was incredible.  Going for 45 I think while being doubled by probably the two best perimeter defenders in the game.  Fun stuff.  And Aaron Brooks was something else in that series.
CallMeMessiah::don't gloat.  steve blake was our point guard.  meow!!!
CallMeMessiah::If it weren't for the Birmingham Barons, Rockets would have ZERO championships.  meow!!!
natskivna::CallMeUninformed:  Jordan played in '95.    Owned.
vonsteve1668::I've already answered that comment, Messiah. And there's a very good chance you're wrong.  woof!!!
dval08::Really?  Well what does Michael Jordan's 9 game losing streak to the Houston Rockets prior to his first retirement say?
CallMeMessiah::it says regular season.  yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaawn!  meow!!!
bobbydagreat::LOL, you have got to try harder than that troll.
bobbydagreat::It's not accurate and everyone knows it so it fails as a troll line.
CallMeMessiah::we both know that's the best trolling line for houston fans.  meow!!!
aster513::why the ffuck did the blazers take a timeout down by 7 with 5 sec to go????  can someone tell me why???
CallMeMessiah::rookie coach.  meow!!!
vonsteve1668::It was a great road trip, but let's not go crazy. I don't think this automatically means it's a new era for the Rockets.
lmata1981::You're right. This doesn't change much for them, but its good to at least see them win 4 straight road games, where they have struggled big time all season. They also retain the 6th spot as well.   It may not be a new era, but its a start.  Go Rockets!
vonsteve1668::No doubt. And I'm proud of the effort.
lmata1981::Good win by the Rocks, welcome back Kyle Lowry! Good production from him.   Also, the Rockets won all 4 of their games on this road trip, including wins in Chicago and Los Angeles! Well Done!  Now we head back home for a couple of home games: Rocks have the Jazz on Wednesday, followed by the Suns on Friday.  Go Rockets!
dval08::anybody here gonna try and make the game against Utah???
lmata1981::Depends where you are based, though. What branch?
Adrianch01::Well I hope I get stationed in Texas. Can't root for anybody else except the Texas teams.
lmata1981::I was in the Marines for 5 years. I was based in Yuma, AZ, and I went to Phoenix twice a year to see the Rocks play for 3 straight years. No doubt that wherever you are based, there's a game near ya. Good Luck to you.
Adrianch01::Army
Adrianch01::Maybe I will..Last time i'm going to be at a Rockets game for 3 years :/
Adrianch01::Thanks
JoseInn Chicago::I kinda figured.. Good luck man, hope all goes well.
Adrianch01::Military..
JoseInn Chicago::Why 3 years??
Robhart74::Lamar Odom and Dallas Mavs part ways.  Karma is a $@%!$@!
JoseInn Chicago::But where's he headed to? What team wil pick him up?
QBridge96::All true Rockets fans will appreciate this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W0Q1cFhRJY4
cutnshoot1985::yup
thebmc101::rockets2nd half winner
