raphaelg::As much as I respect Lebron James abilities here,   some of the other Heat bench players stepped up.  Beasley had 15 points today,  last game he had 18 points and nothing is said about him much.  I hear more about the injuries of the Big Three the good signs I see from the bench.    Beasley is showing that he is scoring machine.   He did it against Boston with a few minutes,  last game they had and this one.  He is been putting more points than any other player with the exception of the Big Three.  Roger Mason Jr is also good at scoring.   He can put some good numbers and defense that is comparable to Norris Cole and Chalmers.   Chris Anderson is good at this too.    Not much on the contribution from the article in talking about these guys.    I bet Beasley and Mason Jr are going to be some unsung heroes that will contribute when it counts in the playoffs.
Cyril::The problem with the Bobcats is that Josh McRoberts and MKG have been the closest thing to consistent producers they've had this year. Kemba Walker is up and down. Gerald Henderson has hit 50% of his shots ONCE in 10 games. Zeller hasn't been able to get rebounds or shoot consistently. Jeffery Taylor is 7/30 from three-point land and rebounds less than Jared Dudley.    If they hadn't played such weak competition (wins include 2 over Cleveland, as well as Toronto and Boston), they could easily be 1-9 this year. If they don't turn things around soon, that Al Jefferson signing could be just another in a long line of disappointing moves.
Rocka fella::The Big Three suited up for Miami tonight--it would be nice to see someone else share the scoring load besides Lebron--every journeyman in the league can get fired up against Miami but Miami always needs to get lit up to get going.
hl444::Charlotte is one of the best defensive teams in the NBA based on points allowed.  Miami has not exactly burned up the court so far.
William::any of the crybaby Miami/LeBron haters Noticing the obvious development of miamis BENCH???   Beasley and Anderson with Norris cole all growing and contributing?  I bet the league is REALLLLLL   happy with beasly getting it 2gether and being another big man whoi can score for Miami,,,,   and if ODEN is healthy late in season???   KEEP CRYING
Paulette::Good game Beasley
Storm::Lebron picking up where he left off last night...
Brad::to get to 30 points, durant has to shoot 20 free throws. james 4.
Storm::Joel Anthony misses a layup...the story of his life...he's a great defender but man never seen someone so inept on offense.
Russell::scrimmage game for the Heat even with those guys sitting out
