Latece K Christmon::Funny Clipper fans are complaining about FTs when their refs ejected Ibaka so the Clippers could win.  Check the stats in the paint, numbers don't lie.
Aron Zoltan Laszik::Clippers can't complain about the refs for two reasons, they wouldn't make the free throws anyway, and they have one of the biggest floppers in the league on their team
Eddie Cruz::Aron Zoltan Laszik I guess you didn't see old man fisher flopping all game trying to draw charges tonight.
Shawn Bento::Thunder dominated the paint, and as a result, shot more FTs.  Simple.  Logical.  Yet whiners like Eddie can't wrap their head around it.
Brandon Duenas::Hey Clippers and Thunder fans... know you probably don't care since it's about the Suns, but I got my first article published so please check it out! Feedback appreciated. http://isportsweb.com/2013/11/21/phoenix-suns-looking-establish-identity/
Eric Lopez::Who cares about the Suns?? They don't have a chance of winning the Pacific Division, It's between the Clippers and Warriors buddy.
Brandon Duenas::Eric Lopez Oh, I know. The point of the article was to illustrate how bright their future is. They still have a long ways to go. The Pacific Division is tough.
Eric Lopez::Oh. sorry, I didn't look at the article. The Pacific Division is not really tough.
Shawn Bento::Westbrook > CP3  FACT.
Ian K-wizzie::That's an opinion.  FACT.
Clint Czar Jefferson::Ian K-wizzie Your opinion is an opinion   FACT
Shawn Bento::Ian K-wizzie, fiction.
Latece K Christmon::Only way the Thunder lose is if the ref throw out a starter.
Forrest Wolfe::Thunder up!
Derrick Berry::When Ibaka was ejected in La, he was 6/6 in Fg, in 17 min of play, against Griffin. Missing, there was no defense and offense afterwards to work Griffin. Thunder was up 33-25 after 1st qaurter. Now in Oklahoma, well you do the math.
Justin Jenkins::www.facebook.com/ClipperClowns
Aaron Rooney::Laker fans....picking on them is like fishing in a barrel. LMAO  https://www.facebook.com/Lakerclowns
David Garcia::The warriros and clippers are one big excuse. Both teams are just like last srason. Good but not good enough.
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Yea, one game out of 82 tells you that.
David Garcia::The playoffs over the last several seasons do. This season is looking a lot like the past several seasons. All hype and early exit.
Kit Ownby::Ibaka won't be kicked outta the game for no reason tonight!  Thunder by 10~!
Taylor Manes::Shut down kevin durant and westbrook-clippers win shut down chris paul,and limit griffen,- thunder win
Ayn Bland::It's a lot easier to just down Paul than Durant AND Westbrook.
Michael Huang::That's like saying whichever teams scores more points by the end of the game will win.
Taylor Manes::Ayn bland yep...hes undersized just double team him...put pressure on him and he will crack...
Rodney Rosavel Rusan Wilson::are you idiots at espn going to start gamecast already? hello??? do i need to cuss to get flagged to get your attention?
Ikenna Nwaghanata::LAC 114 OKC  102
Bronya Vogel::Can have what your smoking i6 has you way out their must be some dank.
Michael Woodlee::close OKC is closing in on 102 LAC is a bit short thoe
Michael Woodlee::well u were really close OKC had 105 (3 point more then u thought) LAC 91 ( 23 off don't quit ur day job) (which u probably don't have)
Matt Borba::It's funny when you scroll down and read Clippers fans complaining about the refs. So, I decided to look at Clippers HOME games and found out that opposing teams visiting LA are averaging 31.7 FTA's/game. Thunder got less attempts AT home then the Clips allow at their home. Hmm, so just maybe, the Clippers foul a lot. But I'm sure it's just the league conspiring against LAC, right? (heavy sarcasm).
Sportsbettingstar.com::The OKC Thunder have been playing soft at home this season and the Clippers are 12-4 against the spread the last 16 games in OKC. Clippers are coming into tonight matchup on a back to back after a great win last night in Minnesota against a stingy Twolves club. The Thunder have had several days rest now and have had time to regroup. History tells us to take the Clippers here in this spot but based on the circumstances I feel the smart play here is on OKC at home.. BOL
Sherie Kidwell::Not a Clips fan, but is it just me or are a lot of OKC fans annoying on these boards? Very defensive and quick to talk ish, people clown on Heat fans but at least they've won back to back chips, I can understand their giddiness a lil' more, take a pill people.
Shawn Bento::Nah, just you.  Thunder fans are the class of the league.
Michael Woodlee::yeah its just you. You probably troll the boards of your favorite team and then call out everyone else
Ayn Bland::Way to not be annoying, Sherie.
Eddie Cruz::9 total free throw attempts for LAC compared to OKC's 23 FTA. It's just comedy how these referees really dictate the outcome of the game. Whenever Clippers made a run, refs bailed out Durant over and over with BS calls.
Shawn Bento::Suppose we take 14 attempts away from OKC to even it out.  You still lose.
Michael Woodlee::yeah did you watch the game or just saw the box score and got your Troll post in for the day
Ayn Bland::Always someone complaining about their team fouling KD too much.
Leon Debeljak::okc bench finally ready to compete with the league's best benches...and I'm not kidding,this bench is going to be one of the best by the end of the season...
Justin Taslak::Clippers haters will love to ignore the fact that the Clips played last night at Minnesota and the Thunder haven't played since Monday.
Ayn Bland::Every team plays B2B.
Leon Debeljak::Thunder haters love to ignore the fact that Ibaka, who was 6/6 at the time and killing Griffin like he is killing him now, was ejected for no reason in their first game...OKC is just plain better than the Clippers, Clips are overrated so are the Warriors...
Amir Shirazi::Clipper haters lamp good joke
Ayn Bland::Clippers getting desperate.  They should just accept that they're not as good as the hype suggests.
Angel Payano::Desperate?   It's a regular season game not a playoff elimination game
Ayn Bland::Exactly.  Why so desperate?  CP3 flagrant on Sef?  Pathetic.
Ikenna Nwaghanata::That was a weak call. How else is Paul going to stop him from scoring? I bet they don't call that in the playoffs.
Evander Smart::Beast Griffin an NBA-high 100th game with 20-10 since the start of the 2010 season
Trevor Howerton::Horrifically INCOMPLETE player.  Dunk machine.  Thats it.
Shawn Bento::Trevor Howerton, Serge >>> Flopper Griffin
Evander Smart::You guys are living proof that haters gooooooooooooooooooona HATE!
Bob Shaw::some stats please
Aron Zoltan Laszik::you are 1 click away from a box score
Ayn Bland::Not when he posted it.  ESPN was asleep at the wheel
Will Schmitz::8-3
Spencer White::The toenail clippers suck.. can't win unless they try to start drama on the court.. its what the rest of the NBA  has come to realize..   they will make the playoffs then Griffin will choke... and shoot like a rookie...  for some reason when its all on the line he gets stiff, guaranteed he would rather Paul take over a big time game
Aaron Rooney::You're not very smart, are you?
Spencer White::Actually I just wanted to say somethin and see what others would say lol.. I give the clips props...  but the shot a griffin is only because he was a sooner and I bleed orange... bedlam never dies down lol...
Aaron Rooney::Spencer White Fair enough...
Ricardo Landeros::The problem is that Doc Rivers is not comfortable. He sweats like he is running up and down the court and it clearly does not allow him to focus on the game. Let him start wearing shorts, a tank top, and flip flops to the games and watch the Clippers start winning.
Levert Collins::no reason to worry clipper fan it still early in the season remember last year we had a rocky start and went on a hell of a winning streak yes are bench isnt as good as last year but once clipper d gets alitlle better we will be good and who ever keep trying to talk about blake look at the number between him and duarant
Eric Lopez::Clippers need to work on their Defense.... Clippers wins this one 115-105. Go Clippers! If the Clippers don't work on their Defense then that's how they will lose games. It's alright. They still have a good Offense that can keep up with a good Defense of team.
