slpcharlieb::TWOLVES INTRO VIDEO!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bHYp1xRq9jM
Depor78::Rubio will be an All Star in this league, you'll see.
BS822::timberwolves are pathetic cant even win with love dropin 31 points and 20 rebounds d williams is a bust
BS822::cavs made the right choice
tandtk03::Wait there's a team in Minnesota? Wow I never knew that since ESPN shows highlights about the Mavericks, Heat, Celtics, Lakers, and Chicago. I guess the rest of the teams are the new Washington Generals and don't count. Then to have to see 10 minutes about Ledouche and Heat winning a game against a beat up team. Another reason why the NBA sucks.
KungFuHustle1981::Kevin Love is a straight up monster.
michael 531::Bucks should be 2-0 but blew the game in the 3rd quater vs Bobcats
Melosh1977::the wolves should be 0-2 because they are.....the wolves.
BCMCubs::Does Love think he will get cancer if he doesn't pull down 15 boards a night? Monster.
NorthNorth10100::Hopefully Darko remembers he his like 7'1 and helps Kevin out....
NorthNorth10100::People need to stop jumping to conclusions. the wolves will be fine, it will take a few games to settle their rotations and for guys to get used to the speed of the game. Beasley needed to be more aggressive in crunch time, but I'm not worried about him. Rubio looks good, sometimes he passes up easy points though just to make the extra pass, which in turn can cost us some points. Also, I'd like to see more Anthony Randolph wih his athleticism playing over tolliver.   You guys just have to remember how YOUNG the wolves are. hopefully their fresh legs can be used as an advantage over the older teams in this shortened season, but we'll see.   I still think we have some of the best young wings in the league in Beas, dwill and Wes johnson. $@%! could be scary of those guys reach their potential!!!  Let's go wolves!!! Playoffs 2012!!!!
mn_tanz::I think the biggest thing people need to remember is that this team is very young still and a year away from when they could realistically make the playoffs.  Their youth has showed in both of these games, in not being able to close out a good team at home and losing by 4 and not being able to beat a mediocre-to-poor team on the road and losing by 3.    Last year, this team wouldn't have hung close with OKC and they wouldn't have mounted a comeback against Milwaukee.    Some folks just need to temper their expectations into something more reasonable.
Ahills10::Hopefully we'll make the playoffs
brandonjennings58::Bucks Win a close won.  Good Win for us.  Does Kevin Love have a big game every game?
polomontana::You have to start.  G - Rubio G- Barea SF - Beasly (please tell Beasly to stop trying to win games. Two bad shots cost us the game against OKC). PF - D. Williams C - Kevin Love  This is the squad that ran with OKC and Harden from OKC said they're going to be good. Throw a little zone defense in there as well. I don't know why the Wolves are going with the same starters that lost 32 games over the past 2 seasons. It's the same story line. Love gets a double-double and the Wolves lose the game.
mn_tanz::I disagree.  I don't think a two PG lineup is going to work for the Wolves for more than short spurts in the game.  And it's tough to have K Love playing C more than infrequently.  It's fine against some teams, but it's likely to cause problems against most.
24Erick24::The thing that Rubio has shown with his short NBA career is pretty sound decision making.  I thought he would struggle and try to hard but he's really shown his maturity.  Keep the ball out of Johnson's hands and make Beasy run the play without the ball and we'd cut the TOs by half.
Ahills10::I agree with this 100 percent Wes Johnson has to many turnovers
NorthNorth10100::Agreed, ridnour holds (and turns over) the ball too much and can't penetrate against athletic guards. Let Rubio play heavy minutes and get him used to the flow of NBA games.
24Erick24::Please keep Luke on the bench.  Our flow is some much smoother with Rubio out there...plus we can even run the fastbreak.  I agree with your starting lineup but instead I would have Barea come off the bench and keep Wes in the lineup.  It's so nice to have the Wolves play well in the 4th quarter, that was the biggest improvement from last year.  Our coach has us moving in the right direction...keep it up!
md7152::As of Today, RIdnour is the best option.  Like it or not.  Years of NBA experience.  Rubio may work himself in shortly, but for right now Luke may still be the strongest option.
tradepost25::Losing two games by a combined 7 points isn't bad, but Minnesota is going to have one long season if they can't do anything to improve their Turnovers (25 against Milwaukee!?), missed FTs, and improve their defense, and to avoid the silly Offensive fouls.
..Lakester..::K. Love is looking legit. I thought last year may have been a fluke season, but it looks like hes gonna be putting up double doubles like this on a regular basis
soxfan123123::Kevin love will be on the bulls next year
FantasyNazi::I want Derrick Rose on the Wolves next year, but it ain't happening.  K-Love isn't going anywhere unless the Bulls are interested in trading Rose.  There's zero percent chance Love is on the Bulls any time soon.
mn_tanz::I was picturing Kevin Love on the Bulls a couple of days ago, and it would really make for a very good team.  I think that team would beat Miami more times than not.  Kevin Love matches up fine with Bosh, even though Love still has some ways to go defensively.  Noah is a solid C, Rose is a great PG.  Miami is weak at PG and C, so I would expect Chicago to be able to take advantage of that.
Ahills10::I hope not we don't lose love I can't go back to the losing wolves
MNfreakTim::Not unless the Wolves trade him since he is a restriced F/A after this year and the Wolves can match any offer given to him, and actually outbid any team as well.
Giggityiggity::No offense to T-Wolf fans, but what's with the agenda ESPN?  You guys bash Kyrie for "hardly looking like a #1 overall pick", why not bash D-Will for hardly looking like someone who was even considered for the #1 overall pick?  3pts, 4 TOs.. GG.
lash0022::his first game was pretty good...had some nice dunks, but I tend to agree with you...both guys probably trying a little too hard right now...you hope to get someone @ #1 and even #2 that is pretty polished and ready to go...doesn't look to be the case with these two guys...not saying they are busts...but don't look NBA ready thus far...
lash0022::need to make some moves...too many pieces don't fit...Ridnour should have value, but he seems to be one of our only consistent 3 pt shooters...if Barea is not going to facilitate and just black hole it it into the trees all night like he did last night, he has to go...Darko has to go...Beasley too...probly get slayed for saying this, but Klove plays no D, can't really create his own shot, and probably couldn't have more value than he does right now...if the right pieces were offered, I wouldn't even be opposed to trading him...not what I want to see, but not as insane as some people would think...not sure he can be your cornerstone, franchise player...he racks up stats, but not wins...he's been on the team for what, three years now? are they any better? People keep trying to compare him to KG, but KG played with arguably less talent for years and the team was in the playoffs...just sayin'
Vikadontis Rex::We cant even guarantee Love stays in MN when he becomes a free agent, so absolutely for trading him if we can get the right pieces in return.  It would be tough to see him go, but I just dont see him signing another contract with us unless we offer a max deal.
mn_tanz::I'm not terribly surprised by the loss.  I said it preseason and I'm sticking by it- the Wolves will be a pretty good team at home, but are still going to struggle mightily on the road this season.  My guess is that they have a record pretty close to 7-26 on the road this season and should be around .500 at home.
JTtwentywho::Last night looked like the TWolves of old. Horrible third Q. Way too many TOs. Love gets his, but the team looks flat. I still agree with this writer though, I think we're making the first step! http://www.tchuddle.com/2011/12/basketball-is-back-for-state-desperate-for-it/
tbest23::T-Wolves already looking ahead to the 2012 lottery...
Vikadontis Rex::so you obviously dont know anything about the wolves then... do some research about the wolves 2012 draft picks moron
Heater_Gooch::I will go ahead and say it  14 assists is not going to win basketball games.
lash0022::can't be awarded assists if people don't SHOOT THE OPEN SHOT...also need to make the open shot...that helps too...FG% was horrible last night...kept hearing how well the bucks defend...not sure about that...we just looked lost...a ton of totally preventable turnovers, and indecision by shot takers...never seen so many pump fakes on open shots in my life...would rather see Klove busting open threes than breaking FT records...need to keep the pace of the game up...
oOo CAM NEWTON IS A GOD oOo::I hope the T'Wolves core of young talent sticks together and tries to win a championship in Minnesota. It might not happen over night but, if they keep adding pieces to this talented young squad they can make a run eventually. Love, Beasley, Williams, Johnson, JJ... Rubio... they have a talented young team that with a few more parts could compete for the western conf. title down the road. Kevin Love is an awesome talent... for a guy who isn't overly athletic!
Vikadontis Rex::Yeah all we need now is a SG, a C, someone who can score, and 5 defenders and we'll be the best in the west! Oh, and a clutch shooter for close games...
Jaguarcrazyboy::Bulls better get Kevin Love next year.
MNfreakTim::Does any internet moron know Kevin Loves contract status next year? Apparently no.... he is a restricted F/A next year and the T-Wolves wont let him get away without matching the contract. Especially since they dont have their own draft pick next season due to a previous trade with the Clippers.
lash0022::Never thought I'd say this, but I can't wait for 35 yr old Brad Miller to be healthy...can he be any worse than Darko?
yanksjets398::Congrats to Jon Leuer on the debut!!!
jackman0209::I'm sick of Beas thinking he automatically needs to go iso when there's less than 5 minutes left in a game. Pass the ball, get an open shot. He did the same thing against the Thunder. We could be 1-1 or even 2-0 with better ball movement in the final minutes of games.
lash0022::Frankly speaking, he is the only one on the team right now with enough confidence and abililty to get his own shot...everyone else was passing up open shots last night...if he was more disciplined and didn't allow the refs to take him out of the game (he is his own worst enemy, his attitude is turrrrrible) he would be our best player...he has a legit offensive game...he made some clutch shots last night...you just wish the kid could get his head together...such a waste of talent...I for one hope he can get it together...he has more value in trade, or to the team if he stays, if he can get his sh.it together obviously...
Vikadontis Rex::12 missed free throws.  Wolves lost by 3.  FREE THROWS WIN CHAMPIONSHIPS.  or games against a terrible bucks team that is missing a lot of its roster.  The Wolves should be embarrassed.
lash0022::agree with that 100% - i thought Beas was a better FT shooter than that...I thought Randolph showed some promise...he must really be sucking if he can't get minutes over Darko...it wouldn't be such a major issue if any of our forwards could help protect the rim,  but none of them can...Beas could but doesn't try, and Klove doesn't have the lift...Wes looks like he could be a legitamate defender...where was our other rookie last night? i thought that kid Lee could shoot...
Vikadontis Rex::I like Malcolm Lee a lot, but he is stuck behind Ridnour, Rubio, and Barea.  Another reason to try to package Ridnour while we can.  He doesnt fit our system.  As for Derrick Williams.  He looked so lost out there last night.  I have a lot of hope in him too and truly think he is the best rookie out of the draft, but he needs to mature and understand the game more, something hopefully Adelman can help with.  We have a bunch of young players on this roster, and so far nobody is willing to step up and support Love.  I dont know if you watched the Heat game last night too, but Cole on the Heat stepped up in the 4th with 14 points.  A rookie.  When will we ever have a young player step up and take a game over?  Love is forced to take the jumpers at the end of the game because nobody is confident.  We win last night or against the Thunder and we start to get a little swagger.  Instead we lose both, last nights was MUCH worse, and we are already in a hole.  We will be 0-5 and a mess to start the season.
Vikadontis Rex::The Timberwolves came out and showed why they were 82% to lose on Accuscore, a bunch of losers.  WAY too many turnovers and missed FT attempts.  Make a couple more and this game goes into OT.  I dont even know where to begin.  Beasley 2-6 on FT.  Barea 1-9 FGs, consistently driving the lane and trying to force up layups against guys twice his size.  Wes Johnson never moves and when he does shoot, he cant make it.  Beasley is a black hole.  He "creates offense on his own", which means he settles for contested jumpers that rarely go in.  Ridnour was ok but that is all he will ever be.  He is never going to win us games.  Darko looked like a joke after a solid game against the Thunder.  Tolliver should not be seeing any minutes, but we dont have anyone we can play instead of him.  As for the rookies, Rubio needs to look to score more, which will come with time.  A few times he actually had open looks at the basket but still passed the ball.  Derrick Williams looks confused out there.  Those charges he committed were embarrassing.  Kevin Love was the only saving grace last night, and he was still 6-18 on FGs.  The Bucks are a bad team, and they had many pieces missing last night.  The Wolves are claiming that they are changing the tides in Minnesota this year, but if that's the case you need to find a way to take care of business and win a game like this.  This team will never see the playoffs unless a trade is made.  I said it last night before the game a lot, Wes and Beas need to be traded.  Wes Johnson is slow and has no shot, bust. Beasley is a black hole with an avg jump shot Randolph is a lazy bum with no heart  Get them off the Wolves.
lash0022::I'm with you a little bit...I would like to give Wes at least this year to see what he can do with Adelman and his staff coaching him...he has too much athletic ability to not be valuable...I'm all for trading half the squad if it makes sense...WE NEED SOMEONE IN THE MIDDLE...love the AI2 trade, hate the Kmart2 trade...this team already can't defend...don't need kevin Martin...we need someone who can fill it up from outside without being injury prone and/or total defensive liability (hoping Wes could fill that role), and someone to defend the paint and not be a complete liability in all other phases (IE the anti-darko, who honestly doesn't even defend the paint that well)...its a short ramp up this year...I am willing to give the team a little more time before I tear it all down, but I have no problem shedding a few pieces if we can upgrade the 5 or 2 spot...
GhotStruck::Wes Johnson can shoot and he's prolly the fastest player on the team. His problem is shot selection and aggressiveness. He passed up 3-4 shots that he should shoot and ball faked into 3-4 bad ones instead. His form didn't look consistent so he just needs to get some games under his belt before I judge him. Beasley is a bum and he has got to find some consistency and stay out of foul trouble.
Vikadontis Rex::There is nothing about Wes Johnson's game that stands out as anything special.
lash0022::agree - made this point earlier...the whole team passed up WAY TOO MANY open looks last night...pump fake-itis...Klove needs to SHOOT THE OPEN 3 dammit...Wesley too...Rubio too...pump faking ourselves to two shots on the line rather than just taking wide open 3's and 2's is not the way to win games...in order for guys to get assists, people need to MAKE SHOTS...cripes.
lash0022::Were 2 games in dude...take it easy...the #1 got-to-go has to be Darko anyways...not sure how you put wes Johnson on that list already..give the kid a little time...Beasley made some clutch shots down the stretch last night...I'm not saying he could not be traded, but he is the only guy on this team that seems to be able to create for himself...you need a guy like that on your team...also why does Klove always jack up the final shot...he has no lilft to shoot over people...he needs to be open to have any chance of making a long range shot...not sure why he always takes that shot...not sure i have seen him make one yet...
Vikadontis Rex::I was confused there too.  The one time I want to see Beasley jack a shot would be the final one down 3.  As for Wes Johnson, I was huge on him in college.  He is a bust.  Come find me in a year or two if I'm wrong, but I highly doubt it.  He is slow and just doesnt have a good jumper.  You cant teach speed and his jumper wont develop that much the next years.  Beasley is a bum.  The announcers said it last night too when he tried to not get subbed then walked his a$$ slowly off the court and sat on the ground.  His demeanor is a negative effect on the team.  And I know we're only 2 games in, the team is just so frustrating.  We are going to be 0-5 to start unless something big changes, which is why last night was a big game.  The Bucks are bad.  We need to beat bad teams if we want to be a good team.  I'm sick of the below mediocrity Wolves fans have become accustomed to.  People saying we shouldnt trade Randolph, Darko, Wes, Beasley, Ridnour, Pekovic, Tolliver, etc.  All of them are tradeable if we can package them for a true player.  With this squad we will never be anything better than a 7 seed and lose in the first round.  It's time to get a real team together, and that starts with packaging some young "prospects" (term: unsuccessful young player on our roster) for a proven player like Kevin Martin, Igoudala, etc.  Rubio/Lee Kevin Martin/Barea Williams Love Darko
NYFan1998::Wow, 31 and 20??? Kevin Love is a straight up beast.  He is the ONE SINGLE american born white guy who dominates and is a star in the NBA. Nice to see. If he played in Boston, NY, or LA he would be a MEGA star like Lebron.
Malcyon1::It's what happens when 2/3 of those points were from free throws.  I won't deny the rebounding ability.
Vikadontis Rex::6-18 FG
eototal::How the Wolves will win games...use this starting lineup most of the game... PG - Ricky Rubio SG - JJ Barea SF - Derick Williams PF - Kevin Love  C - Darko Milicic
lash0022::Also, Darko is not an NBA basketball player...he is so awful, holy crap...
lash0022::Barea needs to PASS THE BALL...he draws a crowd every time he penetrates but he never dishes the ball...didt anyone else notice that last night??? he ended up with 4 dimes, but could have had about 15 if he would dish the rock...this team needs to get some confidence...way too many open looks being passed up...pump fakes are not supposed to be used on open looks...SHOOT THE BALL
Vikadontis Rex::I agree with everything you said.  Barea consistently was driving down low just to be swarmed by guys at least a foot taller than him.  He looked like an 8th grader going up against college guys down low.  Our team constantly was pump faking.  Wes Johnson does it every single time, then when the defender didnt bite, he still shoots it, and unsurprisingly misses.  Darko had a solid game against the Thunder.  We have nobody else that can play Center.
Vikadontis Rex::Barea needs to come off the bench as a spark.  He was terrible last night too. 1/9 does not deserve a starting spot on the Wolves.
eototal::also people that say Rubio is trash clearly do not watch the games.
HTOWNRAIDERS1023::ive watched 3 of the games he's played....hes afraid to shoot and had 3 turnovers last night people need to hop off him so quick
Malcyon1::People only think he's trash because fans overhype Rubio like he's some superstar out of nowhere.  When you set high expectations expect criticism for an average game.
jonnyd_94::Lakers started 0-2 also, Mavs 0-2...Rubio made mistakes, he will learn with some of those passes...Wes Johnson needs to pull his head out of his a$$ and start playing like a top 5 pick.
Vikadontis Rex::Only difference is this was a game the Wolves needed to win.  Looking at the schedule we will more than like start out 0-5.
lash0022::How many times does JJ draw two or more defenders and then NOT PASS and try to score against two or more defenders...I thought he was a PG??? He coulda had 15 assists last night if he would PASS THE ROCK...jesus...
packerslebron::Ricky is such a joke. Wow a sigh grader that was black would do better than him. Such a drag
maxarock-12::Did you ever got school "packerslebron" 'cause your spelling is so fu.cked up, that I can't even understand what it says
jackman0209::I'm sure you think everyone's a joke when you're name is "packerslebron", that's called being a bandwagon fan. In 3 years your name just might be "rodgersrubio".
eototal::^
WorldSeriesTwins88::To be honest, it would probably physically hurt if i tried to spell as bad as you.
packerslebron::You fans are so gullible if you watched the gaymes he's played you'd see what a joke he is.mwhat a drag
jonnyd_94::don't feed trolls
conlevis2::yeah, you're a joke.
Dirty-Diaper::Kevin Love is a monster. Minnesota better hope they can keep that guy, he's the best player they've ever had already and yes that includes KG.
lash0022::KG had "experienced and better players around him" for one year...thats its...and when they did, they went to the conference finals, and lost to the lakers, basically playing without a PG (Cassel and Hudson both hurt?)...as I said, when Klove does that, wake me up...until then all his "monster games" in losing efforts mean nothing...
mn_tanz::Right, but to say that KG took them to the western conference finals on his own is false.  They put experienced and better players around him for the one year that they went to the conference finals.    But still, KG was much better than Love, primarily due to defense.  If Love played defense like KG played defense, this wolves team would be far, far better than they have been.
lash0022::what jonnyD said...when KG was here the Wolved were semi-relevant...they made the playoffs...wake me up when Klove wins the MVP award whilst carrying the wolves to the western conference finals on his back...or even carries this team to 40 wins...wake me up when they are .500 through even half a season...Klove racks up stats...too bad he doesn't rack up wins...
PoRtEr_24::They also had more experienced and better players around KG than they do now with Kevin...The future for the Wolves looks bright
jonnyd_94::that isn't true.  KG's play on Defense was above and beyond Love's.  KG got the wolves to the playoffs, Love can't even win 20 games in a season.  Don't even try to put Love in his category.
Franchize player::Brandon Jennings doin' his thing!
Antsea91::He was surprisingly efficient.
Pau_Supertramp::after how the Wolves played against the Thunder I was expecting more from them. it's not about winning or losing right now, but about progressing and gelling as a team. this team still has issues to address. wes johnson hasn't done anything on the court apart from shooting poorly and fouling, Beas has become a black hole on offense, if he gets the ball a second time during a set, that ball is not coming back. it's fine if you take unbalanced shots if you're Lebron, but Beas is not an elite player. and Tolliver is a good defender, but he's useless on the other side of the court. I would like to see Randolph getting more pt. but on the bright sight, Kevin Love seems to have evolved his game (again) and he's going to have a monstrous season (contract year?). anyway, I still believe in this team (and Rick Adelman), Philly started 3-12 and made the playoffs. who knows?
mn_tanz::Who knows, as in will they make the playoffs?  I do.  The answer is no.  And I'm a wolves fan.  Many of my fellow T-wolves' fans are confusing optimism with delusion, though.  This team should be much better, and even in the two losses, we can see that they are a better team.  This team was normally getting blown out on the road last year and at home against the elite teams.  They were in it right to the end and actually were able to mount a comeback last night, even though it was ultimately unsuccessful.   This is not the same type of team.  But they are still not experienced enough to close out close games, particularly on the road or against good teams.  That'll come with some more games.
eototal::I agree with what you said Pau
eototal::packerslebron your a tool
packerslebron::I do. The answer is no.
T8ke_A_Picture::How the h3ll the Wolves shoot that many FTs and still lose?
maxarock-12::they missed too many FTs
MNfreakTim::Once again there are 2 keys to this loss just like when we lost to the Thunder ( 3 pt misses and FT misses ). With last night it being ( Turn overs and missed FT's ). Was an ugly game to watch for most of the 1st half.
isellshoes::25 turnovers brotha.
CavaniTrident::Answer is below you... it's how the Bucks play defense.  foul a lot but get more turnovers... " His Royal Fastness Found this recap of the game on twitter - http://t.co/TAUCmUTW  "
S4TISF4CTION::But Rubio is the best right?!
HTOWNRAIDERS1023::got*
HTOWNRAIDERS1023::plus 6 points 4 assists and 3 turnovers still is exactly good for the minutes that he god
SDFifa2010::Rubio clearly deserves more minutes and shooting so far hasn't been a problem for him so Adelman needs to get a clue and realize he is not dealing with a wet behind the ears rookie like you get from college or highschool.  Rubio is a pro that is seasoned from play in Europe so let him play dammit.
mn_tanz::I trust one of the winningest coaches in NBA history, personally.  And Adelman wasn't there last night.
SDFifa2010::Williams and Rubio a combined 6 attempts from the field ....... C'mon man !  and again ... Wesley Johnson !  C'mon man !  Bench him !  He is killing us !
SDFifa2010::oh and the 0-2 start ....  FFS Minny
SDFifa2010::Wesley Johnson got to play even more minutes tonight after his horrid performance in the 1st game ?  C'mon man !
flopsisback::Anyone have an address for Ontario Bill? Or maybe a mod's address? Both need to be punched in the mouth for the travesty called conversation boards...
OregonLou::Ricky Rubio....He is the equivilent  to Rudy Fernandez "Before"  Brandon Roy put him down, Please let this kid play like he knows...let him thrive !  Don't hold him back.....
dogs::yes
md7152::He did play
His Royal Fastness::Found this recap of the game on twitter - http://t.co/TAUCmUTW   A more indepth review of the game, liked the presentation.  might be too long but since I missed the game it told the story very well
PeterPPK::Woah, since when did ESPN stop censoring all the comments?
TheKyrieShow::You just took Derrick Williams with the second pick of the draft. GIVE HIM MORE THAN 3 SHOTS!
RMill2332::It was only one game though.
iTzDiRkFoR3::hes a turnover machine
Psahni::Williams loves running over defenders whose feet are set...
Snakes_::19 minutes for JJ?  ugh
famousfoot1000::he was hurt
THEFANATIC::what are the twolves fans blaming the game on tonight? Beasley, Ridnour, or the refs?
MNfreakTim::Sloppy ball play which meant way to many T/O's and the poor FT shooting.
RMill2332::No, turnovers. Ridnour kept us in it. Dont generalize all fans I dont do it for all bucks fans.
brandonjennings58::Good win for the bucks, who cares if we lost to them in the preseason.
t-roy_jenkins::just when you think the twolves are going to be better, they lose to the bucks.... same ole t-pups
anen87::Hey their scores are really close. I think they have improve
Japeda91::Sports ebb and flow with time. I remember when the Packers and Badgers were "hopeless" during the 70s-80s and the only good thing they had was the Brewers for a few seasons if i recall right.
panther4406::The Bucks were amazing in the 70s and 80s...
NWarsh23::Same with Marquette...
KingGeorge53::Yeah and I remember when Dolly Pardon was hot.   What does this have to do with anything?
Japeda91::It was more of a reply to the troll out there. Stuff like that always comes back around to bite ya.
jagsdline1989::Love doin his thing
RMill2332::No 30-20, Bogut clearly doing his thing 7-21
THEFANATIC::Shooting a terrible percentage?
88bobalicious::losing?
