Charley Doherty::It's early in the season but this game will tell us if this Pistons team can compete with the East's best. Obviously that's a little exaggerated but it will be a good test for Detroit. Good luck to Indiana and Go Pistons!
Geoff Starling::I wont be too worried if the Pistons lose by 10... with Jennings barely playing with the team so far. Datome still not available, (if he turns out to be a major piece). and KCP not playing in favor of Stuckey. I bet my house Stuckey isn't still playing over KCP past the trade deadline, KCP's already a better fit and  arguably as a player.
Paul Voelz::Geoff Starling - Datome has been available for a few games now but he's just not in the rotation because of Singler.
Geoff Starling::Paul Voelz : Paul,. he missed all of training camp and he is not 100%
Igor Yank::in case u didnt know. Paul george is a BEAST
Roger Boyd::George Hill has missed the last two games, Danny Granger has sat out all four and the Pacers are still undefeated. Next in line for a beatdown are the Chicago Bulls. Blue Collar, Gold Swagger.
Dave Fritz::Good game Pacer fans: Looks like once again you have a very solid team this year, and will go very deep into the playoffs.
Daniel Cheek::Thanx.
Dean Helming::Nothing better than beating Detroit.
Kenneth Bagwell::Except beating the Bulls tomorrow!
Brent B Jacoby::i hate the pacers guts...but dam paul george was good tonight. not very many teams can win when he plays like that...also doesn't help to have kyle singler guard him SMH
Ryan Hupfer::How can you hate the pacers? They are way under the radar and receive no media attention.
Mark Slalom Anderson::Ryan Hupfer his dad got punched by Ron Artest
Patrick Bolner::Mark Slalom Anderson haha
Igor Yank::1 team remains undefeated. it aint miami. it aint the clippers. it aint the rockets or the thunder or the bulls or the nets. its the PACERS
Taylor Manes::Wait till y'all lose against Miami..
Chris Nealis::Just like in the regular season last year? Oh wait...
Jeremy Cram::But i do hope Pistons have a better year than the highly overrated Bulls!!!!!!! Im sorry but has a team with 1 good player ever got more love from the media than the Bulls who have looked like a team that has no clue how to play with Rose and even less of a clue how to get the ball in the basket... not to mention the fact the Pistons have more talent and a better shot to beat the PAcers. I am a Pacers fan big time but do any of you Pistons fans think the Bulls are better than the pacers? Sorry to rant but the Bulls r great and going to win the division and beat the heat to go to the finials talk is driving me nuts so once again sorry had to rant good luck this year pistons
Brad Kneubuhler::Deng and noah are all-stars. Pistons more talent? Better shot to beat the Pacers? You should know something before you comment.
Geoff Starling::Bulls are thin, but come on they were very good last year without D Rose and another 3 key players injured. They are great on D. They have a 1 superstar and 4 very good starters. If anything, Rose's bad play is probably hurting the team right now because he has the ball so much
Lu Kane::how did i know ther would be a comment about the bulls on this board....lol the inferiority complex is just seeping through...
Timothy J. Casey::Well, it was a good game. Pistons fought like hell. Can't be mad at that, playing against the hottest team in the league right now.  On the other hand this is our 2nd big game in a row with the same problems. Monroe needs more touches, KCP needs more minutes, and Smith and Jennings are shooting too much. You won't win many games with 2 guys combining for 11/35 from the field.
Denies Lising::Unable to watch the game but I do agree. Pacers not good with their FTs to peg the lead. I'm happy with our directions but I think the new acquires need to rethink as we have other options in this team.
Patrick Bolner::can people just admit that paul george is an elite player? hes looking like a top 5 player right now.
Zack Schooler::Been fun talking to Pistons fans, passionate fan base. Looking forward to the next few years, at least, for both teams
Taylor Manes::Pacers fans be like "Paul George MVP 2014 champs"  But they forgot about the heat and the bulls...lol
Keith Haemmerle::The Bulls ain't nobody...and the Heat are just another team. Pacers be like world champs this year. Take dat to yo baby mama house..
Alexander Banks::Heat "Fans" Be Like:  "The NBA was founded in 2010 . . . wasn't it???"
Andrew Heitz::Pistons look a lot better than I gave them credit.  Let's see if Hibbert continues beasting on their frontcourt.
Geoff Starling::I had to check the stats on this comment. Yup, BS alert!!! He was held way below his season numbers in 4 games. Perhaps you got Detroit confused for Miami. Unless 10 and 5 is beasting, thats what he avg'd over 4 games, and Drummond only played in 2.
Keith Haemmerle::Geoff Starling look at his defense moron. Hibbert is a beast...
Patrick Bolner::Keith Haemmerle exactly. lets leave out that block stat to help my argument.
Mistah Harris::that was a foul on Born Ready....but definitely not a flagrant...
Mike Pamfilis::Lol Thank you Detroit for taking Josh Smith off us.
Mike Pamfilis::I mean WHY DOES SMOOVE STILL SHOOT 3's? I swear if he played to his strenghts he'd be a top force in the league
Mitchell Swirth::classic brandon jennings 2-8 performance..
Zach Winiecke::still a big upgrade over Knight
Abbas Cheaib::Ah Battle of the giant frontcourts. This will be a good measuring stick for the Pistons. Hoping for a less sloppy game from Smith. Go Pistons!
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::pacers get dd lead and refs comes back to make this a close game
Cory Nope::stick to "footie"
Antonio Davis::Paul George look like he bout to take that next step.
Al-Jaleel Sawab::My homie Paul George! #1 fantasy draft pick!
Robert Hawley::Paul George is an absolute beast.
Jonah Swidan::Pistons are gonna be good in a couple years, much improved since two years ago but I think Pacers still win this game
Andrew Gregory Kragt::Quit shooting Smith, please.
Mike Bassmaji::I never understood why he took so many threes.  Misses a bunch and then makes one to make the crowd go nuts like he knows what he's doin
Zach Winiecke::Jennings shoots way too much
Mitchell Swirth::you just realize this?
Keith Haemmerle::Pacers are good...
