Lorenzomax7::Lin will win the Champ one day, let's see!!!
Lorenzomax7::Nash,Kidd,Rondo,Rubio,Lin,Chalmers,Felton,Wall,G.Dragic,Lowry,Sessions,Nelson,B.Knight,Calderon,S.Curry,Augustin,D.Williams,D.Collison,K.Irving,D.Harris,J.Teague,Lawson,Westbrook,Conley,J.Jack,I.Thomas,J.Holiday,T.Parker,D.Rose,K.Walker,CP3,Jennings    Among these 32 starting PGs above, in the last reg. season,  Lin ranks 6th in AST%...elite level  Lin ranks 28th in TOV%...bottom level(Nash, Kidd, Rubio &amp; Rondo were worse.) Lin ranks 5th in USG%...dominating role  Lin ranks 11th in TS%...above average  Lin ranks 13th in TRB%...average  Lin ranks 5th in STL%...elite level  Lin ranks 5th in BLK%...elite level Lin ranks 2nd in DRtg...quite good (Rondo ranks 1st)  Lin ranks 5th in MP when he was a starter...mass loading  Lin ranks 9th in PER...above average  Lin ranks 8th in AST per 36 mins...above average  Lin ranks 32th in TOV per 36 mins...worst  Lin ranks 1st in FTA per 36 mins...best    Overall? I would say Lin was playing like an above average to borderline elite level PG in those 35 games.   Positive side:  Lin is the only one that ranks TOP 5 in both STL% and BLK% among PGs at this point.  Lin had almost as many FTA per 36 mins as Durant had in the last reg. season. (Lin: 7.0 Durant: 7.1)    Nagative side:  Lin is the only another one that turned the ball over at a rate of over 20%(21.4%) in TOV% with a USG% of over 20%(28.1%) among these guys besides Rondo, who turned the ball over at a rate of 22.8% in TOV% with a USG% of 20.7%.
BBFocus::Someday this season or next one, I expected Lin would get his first triple double (10+ in points, 10+ in rebounds, and 10+ in assists, and 5 blocks and 5 steals) somewhere...
MEEENMACHINE::Jeremy Lin last 3 games...Blows away MR. MVP's numbers at 25+ ppg/ 8+ APG/ 58% shooting percentage ....All without being a superhuman acrobat ! Imagine! F D.Rose !
siyr::funny. theres 46 photos on the day before the NY giants play in sb46 ;)
siyr::AND they had 46 at half
GiantsStepOnJets82::Knicks are still garbage let's see lin do that to a team with interior defense
spendit_101::INTERIOR DEFENSE. THERE D IS BETTER THEY NEED A PG. WATCH THE NBA
Ndjjdndndjdjd::Lin was doing that against the Celtics.. moron.  Lin was owning the Celtics in the first half... of course Dumb'Toni relapsed and used Toney Douglas for the rest of that game.
Ndjjdndndjdjd::NEXT UP... JEROME JORDAN...  SLOWLY, BUT SURELY, DUMB'TONI WILL FIND MORE DEPTH FROM HIS BENCH...  SOMEONE JUST NEEDS TO TELL THE DUMB COACH THAT LIN, NOVAK, JORDAN.. CAN BALL
BearJWS::Lin certainly looked pretty good last night.  Passing &amp; driving the lane.  Outside shot still needs some work, but he was impressive.  He needs to play more for the Knicks.  I hope they cut Bibby.  He's useless these days.  Lin is more valuable to this team.
dan torell::The asians will soon rule the world.... of sports.
yupyup1827::goodbye fried chicken...Hello fried rice!!
spendit_101::LIN LIN WE LINNING
teedotsportsfan::Way to CALCULATE your moves Lin!  get it? he's a chinese harvard grad  ahahahaha
stonehurst1::Lin is a good guard. Looks like Monta Ellis and Steph Curry showed him how to use his speed to get to the basket, but that was the problem at Golden State they were loaded at guard. Coach Smart sent Lin to the D-League just so he could keep playing and learning to attack (I think he went down and scored 30 something).  We loved him here as he's one of the home kids from Palo Alto.  He just was not going to get over 10 minutes a game with Ellis and Curry. Just give Lin 20-30 minutes a game and he will make NY quit thinking Baron Davis is going to save your season.
ffstudios::<b>Dantoni should be fired ASAP. His lottery bound, pathetic Knicks were stinking it up really bad all season. Then he finally found a positive spark on his team, and all he's got to say was "I've had my doubts, but he's got some of the qualities we need". Why did you have your doubts? Cause he's Asian? Cause he went to Harvard? Guess he's is not as thug-Melo as the players he's used to coaching. What has Dantoni EVER accomplished as a coach anyway? He's got a pact with the "star" players that basically says I'll let you run up the stat sheet and not play defense, and all you got to do is say great things about me so I keep my job. He's never delivered wins in his life. Steve Nash in his prime delivered wins in Phoenix, he was just a long for the ride.</b>
Jamaal 43::First of all, the Knicks were playing well until Melo got hurt and was playing hurt. Plus, nobody on the Knicks or in the NBA for that matter is "thug-Melo" Look up the word thug and you'll see, and who cares if Lin is from Harvard or Burger University  long as he can play. The same thing goes for anybody from the hood the goes to the NBA and can play, who cares. You're right,  Mike D can't make better decisions as far as who to play but that's because of his love for the great bum TD. The rest of your post is trash!!
Lacesout22::double trash
Mania-Mar::so let me get this str8....the knicks are jumping around cuz they beat the NETS and needed Yao Ming's midget cousin to beat them?? smh what a bunch of bums GO BULLS
Jamaal 43::The issue in these past few games is not missing a PG, it's been the bench. TD and sometimes Bill Walker come in and play bad, Walker can hit 3's but not consistently . That's why I wouldn't start Lin because he can be just what the bench needed!!
Spoofen::Was it just me or was Lin's breakout performance more impressive than Rubio. I'm not saying he's better, but hopefully he will play with consistency as the season progresses. Good job Lin!!! Let's go Knicks!!!
Road dog Red::just YOU...Rubio is good
Road dog Red::Lin is just what NYC needs...a SMART point guard D'Antoni has saved his job for now
sportsfans1995::hahhaa okayy dude..
Lacesout22::how can you say never. i never though lin would score 25 point this year, and i was wrong. your post is garbage.
sportsfans1995::d will is the best player on the team..Lin WOULD never drop 25 against the heat...
BearJWS::If LeBron or Wade were guarding Lin, probably not, but I doubt they would be covering Lin. I could see Lin lighting up Chalmers... The other Heat guards aren't all that great. They've been lit up on occassion already this year....
tmor311::He had one of the best point guards in the league guarding him....
sportsfans1995::just one game..id love to see him drop 25 with the HEAT when d wade and lebron are on the floor..
Road dog Red::Glad to see Lin getting sum run...he's a heack of a player..i think NYC has found its point guard
paul2285::The Knicks won without getting much from Melo...........I know there's a clue in there somewhere
Spoofen::Paul, you're an idiot and you always will be.
d29061::JLIN!!!
buller23::knicks suck
Dexter1789::Harvard in the House baby .... whoop whoop
omegapachi::proud of lin.  keep it going... 1 game at a time.  and on a side note:  F**k you haters! Idgaf about you $@%!$@%!!
bobHALO 30.1::LMAO... I just saw the highlights from this game and immediately came here knowing Knicks fans would be thinking this Lin guy is the answer.  Happy to see I wasnt disappointed.  If my team sucked even half as bad as the Knicks, id be doing the same thing!
yupyup1827::your team?......which bandwagon was it?
formaggio jones::altrade antnony for dwilliams....carmelo will be a future cancer on the knicks ala marbury
ProtoEarth::It's the friggin' New Jersey Nets you tools...smfh.
sanctie170::Already when the Knicks signed him, we predicted that it was a good move by the Knicks.   You've got to admit that a player who only makes $760.000,-  but who has a PER of 26.8 is a good addition.   Great work Lin!
jayedzhu::wow. Thats all i can say. I think Lin ignited a spark in the Knicks offense and thats what the Knicks needed. Also his defense was great, keeping D. Williams, scoreless in the 3rd quarter
sportsfans1995::in the Celtics game..Lin was 0 and 3 for field goals. and made both free throws for 2 points..this guy is totally gunna win MVP of the year......
Lacesout22::another fool. how can you get adjusted to the game when you haven't played all year. give me a break.  give home some starts like they did shumpy, then have an opinion.
sportsfans1995::i agree. and lin didnt even play well against the BULLS...a contending team..one game doesnt mean much
Lacesout22::you are a fool. do you think a player who's been sitting out on the bench all year is going to drop outstanding numbers. he needs minutes, and showed he's improved with his this breakout performance.
omegapachi::he did too play in the game vs the bulls you dip $h!t.  pay attention bum.  he played at the end of the 3rd and the beginning of the 4th
little-general::you definitely didnt see the game... Lin didnt even play in the Bulls game. these past 3 games Lin only played in the Celtics and Nets games.
nycpratl::no question it's a no brainer, no risk move for the knicks.  but this was expected to be a contending team.  now the future depends on a d-league guy with one impressive game against a bad team to his credit?
sportsfans1995::he played against the nets....
sportsfans1995::knicks fans think LIN...is going to be the answer?. he against the NETS?? id love to see him do this against the HEAT, BULLS, THUNDER,OR LAKERS..knicks fans toooo cocky..
hobbs1480::If Deron Williams guarded him every night, Jeremy Lin would be an All-Star...
nycpratl::deron is losing his focus on a losing team.  he'll lose his edge the longer he stays there.  that's what forcing a trade out of utah (and getting his coach fired) got him.
nycpratl::the kid had a great game.  against an awful team.  it's worth giving him more minutes to see what he's got longer term.  but this team's problems are more complicated than that.  dantoni is not part of the solution.
birdman4960::I doubt Lin is the answer. Trade Fields for a PG already...........jeez, it's not that complicated.
jayedzhu::agreed. Anthony doesnt fit in the team chemistry
nycpratl::the best pg available is deron williams.  fields won't be enough to get him.  knicks need to move anthony.
LebronObama::carmeLOL went 3-15 for 11pts...this guy is such a little $@%!$
formaggio jones::Mortgaging the future for melo, the over spending on chandler....neither was the answer...signing Lin is?   yea
formaggio jones::MSG is the announce a new spaons....raman noodles
ae86_chronicles::Lin ftw!
formaggio jones::Lin will lead melo, arame chandler and the knicks....yea
antonio rbsn 74::Lin is the savior just by the way he put presure on the defence by driving to the hole
Thetimpanikid16::Also....quit with the Asian joke....the guy went to Harvard and is clearly smarter than all of you and would probably make 10 times as much as all of us...oh wait...he does lol
Thetimpanikid16::jokes*
Thetimpanikid16::Lin is NOT the savior of the Knicks. He's not going to solve all of the problems, and he alone is not going to carry the Knicks into the post season. However, the guy has talent. He made Deron Williams look silly out there last night and if he can attack the basket night in and night out, there is no reason why he shouldn't play 35 minutes a game. Even against the Celtics, you saw him get into the paint and create offense. This game was a confidence booster so hopefully it'll carry into the next few games as well. Melo and Stat will look better when there on non-isolation plays run for them. Jeremy Lin could be the real deal...
college.football.fan::It is funny that MSG "honored" the MVP of the game with a song about a guy who ended his life in a suicide.
CT_Teacher::Toney Douglas is the reason the Knicks have struggled.  Expected a lot more out of him.  He can't hit a shot.
stone419::he's been bad
CT_Teacher::Today's lock of the day is Siena +11.  Lock it up
CandySparker::Hola Lotta Love!
Lesternesman::Why the hate for Humphries?  The guy averages 14 and 11.
dsysler99::J-Lin is god. Nuff said.
utep1313::maybe that's the spark to start a little win streak go KNICKS
formaggio jones::Knicks are looking at free agent PG's, General Tao's, Orange Chicken and Moo Goo Guy Shu Pork as possible signees now
ZHANGLingyi::where Lin-sanity happen ! Jeremy Lin , the answer of NY PG ?
stone419::probably not, but i hope so
formaggio jones::After the game, the Knicks big three took Lin out to a charlie chan movie in the east village....good teammates
