william27836::Utah Jazz: Four Game Road Trip.Four Game Losing Streak.
westcoast8691::Knock Knock: That's the Lake Show about to take over the 8th from the Jazz for good.  Jazz just look Pathetic...
Kobe 6-24 Game 7 Finals::Jazz are professional choke artists
lenapter::t
doof54::"Merry Christmas..." Cavs coach Byron Scott said. "...That was a gift" ...to the Lakers.
JBtheBUS36Rolling::The Cavs are going to be good, very, very soon.
Givingyouknowledge100::Next year I think they will be a playoff team.  I don't think they will get  home court advantage in the first round but I think they will be a playoff team.
lester4586::big al is the worst thing for utah he is the reason they lose so many games even when he is not playing
Colin5266::Who said Kyrie can't pass?
john_bridges::No one.
kory311::Welcome back Mo! Glad some things, like missing shots, haven't changed since you left us!
ggeewill::I agree, I liked Mo when he was here. I still like him now. He played and kept out of trouble.
quickbr0wnf0x::Not quite true.  Mo was never one to miss layups very often.  Mo was a decent player in Cleveland, and had a great attitude toward the city and the fans.  Plus he was part of the trade that brought Kyrie to the Cavs -- not bad!
Nargash35::I love how Kyrie took over in the last 5 mins but honestly he needs to start play better from the 1st quarter and get in a rythm. You still can get your team involved while scoring 6-8 points a quarter not go 1 quarter with 2 points and the 4th with 10+. Also, great choke Jazz. Keep it up..!!
flag_me_if_you_can::wow Jazz are soooooooooooooo much better without Big Al LOL
Jewell89::Millsap has been giving off a bad vibe lately, he seems moody and jealous of the young bigs. He doesn't have very good chemistry with them it seems like.
Snakes222::People who want or wanted to trade Big Al over millsap are so delusional.  Millsap is so limited. I don't even like watching him play anymore.  Give Kanter 30+ minutes and let Millsap sit!
CarlyJoni::Utah better start getting real.  Road record is becoming worse than the Lakers.  Expect 3 more road losses.  Coupled with 3 upcoming wins for the Lakers that will put them squarely in the playoff picture.  Put on those big boy pants Jazz!
Chin6biz::The jazz should have traded Milsap or Jefferson
TAC0REV::#FIRECORBINPRETTYSOONORI'MGOINGTOGETEVENANGRIERYOUSONSOFBITCHES!!!
TAC0REV::#FIRECORBINIMMEDIATELY!!!
TAC0REV::#FIRECORBINNOW!!!
roll_n_riot::$@%!$@% UTA, plain stupidity and no heart is going put them out of the playoffs and allow the Lakers in
Snakes222::Jazz are so $@%!$@% ridiculously bad that I will not waste any more time on them this season.  It is obvious they can't compete when it matters. They are not clutch. Corbin is still lost.   Pathetic.
momoni90::It's like Mike Brown when he was the Cavs coach don't know how to match up with other teams when it matter the most and that's a formula to be fired the only difference Utah don't have a star like Cavs had not mention his name so maybe Corbin stays.
scow79::I honestly don't think we lose this game if Corbin doesn't sub out Burks.   Irving drank Foye's milkshake.  Up until that point he only had 9 points.  Kanter instead of Millsap would have been nice as well, but he's just not ready.   It's obvious from his 17 points in 21 minutes.  The problem is Corbin.  He's playing guys in the wrong roles at the wrong times.  And he can't draw up an effective last play to save his life.
TAC0REV::Your last sentence is right on the money, scow. Just about every time the Jazz have had a final possession, they've come out of a timeout with a garbage play that almost never worked. Even Mo's 3-pointer to beat SA was a terrible play call, we just got lucky Danny Green gave Mo so much space and even luckier Mo made the shot. Corbin couldn't draw up a halfway decent play to save his life.
Hawkins694life::i just came all over the place while thining of my math tacher
CarlyJoni::What's he look like?
45224_CollegeHill_Cincinnati::lmao @ all the jazz fans that were on here talking $#!% about the lakers earlier.
Tom Bucks Fan__1::who CARES if someone trashes the Lakers, Im ALL for it
jazzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz i know right::We beat them 3 times this year. We can say whatever we want.
torrtis::Ty Corbin and Kevin McHale are best buds at not being able to choose the proper lineup, and not having any playbook.
scow79::The way McHale neutralized Big Al the last game Utah played Houston was brilliant to me.   He gets the edge.   Although to be fair, I'd give a monkey holding a clipboard the edge over Corbin.
torrtis::LOL, one thing is they are both not x and o guys.
JohnsonnnL::I want the Cavs to get Withey or another good shot blocker, so I can hear AC yell "get that weak stuff out of here" more often.
quickbr0wnf0x::Nerlens Noel?
Spurz2013champs::Houston and Jazz = Dont want it
King of the Echo People::I would love for the Jazz to make the playoffs again. It would be nice for the young guys to get a couple playoff wins, but it really doesn't matter that much though because the Spurs and OKC will beat whatever teams are in the 7th and 8th seeds.
yograndma821::both kanter and favors have been playing really well lately, now that they are getting more PT....this non trade for milsap and/or jefferson is looking dumber and dumber everyday.
didyougetthememookur::Favors got 31 minutes and only  6 points... contrast that to Kanter's 21 minutes, and 17 points.  Don't know if Favors will ever be that good on offense.
scow79::I just wish they'd put Favors in the PnR and actually throw him the ball once in awhile.   You know, kind of like they were doing when Kanter was in the game in the first half.
rbmw263::He altered 5 or 6 shots, causing misses, on top of the shots he blocked
King of the Echo People::Favors isn't as advanced on the offensive end as Kanter is at this point. He is getting better though. All the young players are getting better.
yograndma821::yeah, now that they are finally getting playing time
yograndma821::he stil had 12 boards and 4 blocks.  Defensive big men are very useful...see tyson chandler
didyougetthememookur::True, he kills it on defense and rebounds.
TheBrownestBob::Otto Porter Jr., Trey Burke, Jeff Withey, Lorenzo Brown, and Christian Watford.  People are starting to project Otto going 3rd overall so I'm not sure the Cavs will get him since we're practically guaranteed a 4th overall pick if our luck is like the last 2 years.
King of the Echo People::I hope the Jazz have a chance to get Trey Burke. They have two first round picks this year, their own and Golden State's.
quickbr0wnf0x::Not a lot of PG minutes to be filled with the Cavs.  And I could totally see them re-signing Livingston for those.
TheBrownestBob::Cavs could be picking before them and Byron loves PGs.  We'll see though, I see him going to Atlanta in a lot of mocks as well.
TheBrownestBob::Cavs won't be able to draft all 5, but those are the 5 players I'm watching and would like to see the Cavs take.
quickbr0wnf0x::The Cavs have to spend up to a minimum salary floor.   Don't think they'll let all those guys walk -- they have to pay SOMEBODY, and they can pick which of those players they want to try re-signing.  They don't want a roster with all the players at three years or less; they need some veteran presence.
TheBrownestBob::Because rosters have to have 15 players and the Cavs are going to lose Gibson, Casspi, and probably Speights, Walton, Ellington, and Livingston.  I'm not sure how they fill those voids other than through the draft.  It would cost the team too much cap space to fill those voids via free agency.
yograndma821::withey is a late round pick, burke and brown are mid first round PGs, and watford is solid but not that good.  Don't really get why you want any of these guys except porter
Booty Loaf_::where the hell is William Buford? the dude was streaky but he could light it up. id like to see him get a shot in the nba
Tom Bucks Fan__1::Buford was streaky ENOUGH here at OSU , let alone attempting the NBA
yograndma821::what about salim stoudamire from ages ago
JohnsonnnL::Hes playing in the spanish league.
YogaBeer::Time for this old dog to hit the sack.   Boo Boo and I have some serious pic-a-nic baskets to steal tomorrow.  One for all and all for the Cavaliers!
ThundaRoad::Cleveland should sign Kris Joseph
YogaBeer::We're so use to, in the last 2 1/2 years, trying to find players from the D league or trading for picks that now we have to think about dumping players we looked so hard for simply to get to the MAX roster.
TheBrownestBob::Give me Otto Porter Jr. and trade Alonzo Gee so he gets more minutes plz.
YogaBeer::Good question Booty.  I would think b/c the Cavaliers are going to be in a strange place after this summer.   With all the potential picks this year, combined with FA, Andy coming back and FA, there are going to be players not making this team we thought were pretty good.  Someone has to go.    IF we sign all 4 draft picks we know we'll have, we'll have to dump 4 people to get under the NBA max roster.
Booty Loaf_::why trade Alonzo?
YogaBeer::I'm usually pretty much up on the draft and players that are close to being drafted but weren't.   Please fill me in on this one b/c I forgot.   what college did he attend?
YogaBeer::OH my.   I forgot.   Thank you.
Booty Loaf_::he was the number 1 scorer for them I think
Booty Loaf_::syracuse
Booty Loaf_::that's what I was thinking. I liked him coming out of college.. why not try him out to a 10 day?
YogaBeer::I'd like to see the Cavaliers take a chance on Ohio U's DJ Cooper in the off season.    Pick him up as an undrafted FA.    Like to see if he can fit in as a specialist.   A very small do it all kind of back up PG.
TheBrownestBob::I think the Cavs should trade for McGee and Chandler from Denver.  Wilson Chandler could be a legit #1 option off the bench and McGee is gonna give you 10pts, a handful of rebounds and like 3 blocks a game in 16-17 minutes.  I know he's making more money than Varejao, but McGee's defense would help the team tremendously.  I think Andy would thrive playing in Denver as well so it'd be a win-win outside of the contracts the Cavs would be taking on.  But that's not so bad because you have 2 very good players locked up for the next 3 years.
seanbendy::yeah like we haven't seen that before, haha
YogaBeer::This is an unusual place for the Cavaliers... or any other team for that matter.  This summer is going to be CRUCIAL for the Cavaliers to get it RIGHT.  They have the cap space to change the roster in an instant.  They have more draft picks to use or trade then any time I can remember.   And the picks aren't like lower 2nd rounders either.    They have for sure 4 in the first 36 players picked (might be as much as the first 40, but that's still good).  And they have expiring contracts and some outstanding trading chips to boot.  If they play this correctly, the Cavaliers can be an EC contender.   Not a NBA contender next season, but an EC contender... a team that's going deep in the PO.
YogaBeer::I believe that's true in MLB and NFL.   But I respectfully disagree with you on this one booty.   IN the NBA, it seems the refs coddle the veteran teams.   Even the PO favor the older veterans with having the amount of days off between games.  It seems like the same old same old every year.   Refs officiate the games differently.  They swallow the whistle a lot more underneath and around the basket, especially for the players whom are not super stars.  VERY very difficult for an upstart NBA to just get in the finals.  BUT wouldn't it be great for the Cavaliers to be the first inexperienced team to make it to the finals?
Booty Loaf_::once you get to the playoffs you don't know what could happen with kyrie running the show. I don't want to sound too out of hand but I believe the sky is the limit even as soon as next season
RetroLakers:::)
TheBrownestBob::That 15-16th pick is looking pretty good right now.  I'd take Trey Burke if he's still on the board.  We might lose Livingston, Speights, Ellington, AND Walton (God no) this summer.  Cavs will certainly need a backup PG if that's the case.
YogaBeer::I like Speights, but he is only a 18 - 20 minute per game kind of player.   He's an enforcer type that simply out crunches people under the basket.   But as we saw against the Knicks, his motor dies out after the first 20 minutes.
YogaBeer::I'm hoping we keep all four, sign a FA starting SF and get lucky in the draft with 5 picks (I'm thinking the Grizz pick goes through this year.)     We won't keep all 5 picks so I'm think the Cavs trade and move up getting two more rooks.  However, do NOT forget about Anderson.     keep him?   Trade him?  If you trade the Wild Thing, what in the world can we possibly get for him, be realistic, for a guy that could help the team in the paint.
Chris T 91::Back off Trey Burke is ours! lol
YogaBeer::*him  not them
YogaBeer::I think lots of NBA fans would like to see them on their team.  :)
Booty Loaf_::if we lose speights I'll be writing s trongly written letter to the organization. they will feel my wrath
Booty Loaf_::yea I know. but if they don't think he's worth the money and he walks il be pissed. he is a perfect piece for this team. we have the damn money..
TheBrownestBob::I agree though, Speights has brought a new element to the team on offense and defense that they were sorely lacking and the entire team has responded so well to that whole trade.
TheBrownestBob::It's a player option;  the team can't do much outside of talk to him.
Booty Loaf_::I would hate to be in utahs position. good enough to make the playoffs everyear but don't have the pieces or mix of players to actually ever make any noise. they'll be stuck there for a while
jazzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz i know right::We also have 2 picks in the first round, and 40 million to throw at free agents this offseason. We'll be fine.
Chris T 91::I don't think they'll be one of the worst. Ok call me biased but the Jazz's core 4 are good enough to be not the worst but not a playoff team. Favors can be a great player he needs to get more playing time tho. He is Utah's cornerstone for the future and the other 3 can be good role players.
rbmw263::Not impressed with Favors Kanter Hayward and Burks?
Chris T 91::I am very impressed with all 4 of them. Those 4 have shown why they are Utah's future, its just so frustrating they aren't getting playing time sittin behind a veteran who doestn play a lick of defense and a undersized PF. I like Millsap a lot but Utah needed to trade him
Chris T 91::lol I love the Cavs fans perspective on this.
Booty Loaf_::what is your take?
TheBrownestBob::And Al Jefferson and Paul Millsap will likely leave in FA.  Utah should be one of the worst teams in the NBA next year unless they can sign someone.
TheBrownestBob::Actually they won't since the T-Wolves will have a healthy Kevin Love next year and Portland will be much improved.  Add the Rockets to the mix every year as long as James Harden is there.  Utah needs a star player.  I'd trade the farm for next year and Andrew Wiggins/Jabari Parker.
TheBrownestBob::I know.  That dude is no joke.  I'd trade everyone on the Cavs outside of Kyrie for that dude right now even though he hasn't stepped on an NBA court.
Booty Loaf_::... in high school that is
Booty Loaf_::wiggins is LEGIT. best high school baller since LeBron, maybe even BETTER than lebron
defenderofthefaith7::Not only are the Lakers going to pass Utah but Portland may as well too.  Utah's next five are Bulls, Knicks, Pistons, Thunder and Grizzlies.  Utah will most likely lose 4 of those games and be out of a playoff spot.
Chris T 91::I think anyone can agree with that. Its time to bench the veterans and start playing the youngsters
Booty Loaf_::any body else wait till they absolutely cant hold their shi.t anymore to actually to the bathroom to let it out?
Givingyouknowledge100::From my understanding the Cavs only get the Lakers first round pick this year if the Lakers make the playoffs.  Otherwise I hear that pick goes to the Suns.  So way to help the Lakers in their playoff push Cavs!
Givingyouknowledge100::Thank you for that detailed post.  I would still prefer the Lakers barely make the playoffs and we trade the Heat spot for the Lakers spot.
YogaBeer::Yupp!   I don't know where Grant comes up with these goofy add ons, but he keeps getting the better of these deals.
YogaBeer::Essentially, the Cavs got Zeller, cap space (from Kapono and Luke Walton when his contract runs out at the end of the season) and a chance to move up a few spots in this coming draft for Sessions.
YogaBeer::"s you know by now, the Cleveland Cavaliers traded Ramon Sessions and Christian Eyenga to the Los Angeles Lakers for Luke Walton, Jason Kapono, and 2012 first round pick."    Also, the Cavs got this strange kicker of being able to swap this coming year's 1st rounder with the Miami pick.  So... if the Lakers make the PO, the Cavs get to swap the Heat 1st round pick with the Laker 1st round pick.   It's not an additional pick, but rather a chance at a higher pick.  Now... going back to last year, the Cavs used the 2012 LA draft pick and their 2nd round pick to move up to get Zeller.   Hope that helps.
YogaBeer::Give me a second as most of the pieces to that trade already happened.   That swapping picks part of the deal in question only occurs this year.    I'll check with a couple sources so I'm telling it correctly.
Givingyouknowledge100::What was involved in last year Sessions trade then?  I clearly do not understand what we got out of it if what you say is true.
YogaBeer::Got to be one of the all time strange part of a deal.
YogaBeer::Cavs get NO pick from the Lakers in any scenario.  They only get to switch with the Heat pick IF the Lakers do something.
TheBrownestBob::I can't wait for Lombardi to set the Browns franchise back 4 years.
Booty Loaf_::well you'll have to keep waiting. I have faith in this coaching staff and front office we put together. they even said every decision they make will be a team decision, not one persons
YogaBeer::Kevin Costner as the Browns Gm.    Thoughts?
YogaBeer::When does the movie start shooting?   I hear Buffalo is pretty upset Cleveland got the bid.  But OMG  Farmer and Lombardi are giving me the dry heaves.
Booty Loaf_::hell no. mike Lombardi for the win
Booty Loaf_::he'll pull a 6th round pro bowler out his as.s this year I know it.
Chris T 91::Ty Corbin needs to be fired after this debacle tonight and the one on Monday as well. Just wow, im speechless after this
Chris T 91::Again I completely agree with you. I said before the Jazz went on the road, I believed Utah would lose Monday night. NOPE.  Then I thought Jazz could win tonight. NOPE. Now they aren't gonna win against Chi or NY so there's 4 in a row. Then they aren't gonna beat the 3 Texas teams and OKC. Good job Ty lets see if you have a job at the end of the season
Chris T 91::apparently too much. Ty Corbin has a stick up his @ss if he thinks the Jazz's future is with the veterans.
scow79::I actually kind of hope we lose 7 in a row coming up.   It will put us out of the playoff race and allow the FO to tell Corbin to play the young guys.
Chris T 91::Disagree. Jazz were in control with a couple minutes to go up 100-80 and they choked it away. Irving had an ok game. No one from the Cavs had a great game in fact, just average ones. So Im just frustrated as to why this has to happen tonight!
scow79::I believe he subbed Burks out right after he hit that big 3 pointer.
scow79::They were up 8 when Corbin subbed in Foye.  How many times do the veterans have to fail before we can trust the young guys?
Chris T 91::89*
Booty Loaf_::not the coachs fault bro. he isn't controlling the players out there. cavs flat out just out played/out hustled the jazz in the 4th plain and simple
Chris T 91::I can agree with that.
scow79::Subbing in our worst perimeter defender  and having him then guard Irving might have had something to do with the loss though.
LALakersboy24.7::WESTERN CONFRENCE PLAYOFFS 1.OKC 2. SPURS 3. CLIPPERS 4. NUGGETS 5. MEMPHIS 6. ROCKETS 7. LAKERS 8. GOLDEN STATE
Sir Mittens the ninth::Mr. Hayward looks like a nice prospect for the wolves, the man would perfectly fit in the Timberwolves.
adsmithee::since when have the t wolves been a championship contender? the jazz still have them for four more years...
scow79::Why would Hayward choose Minnesota over Utah.   If he's changing locations, he's going to Indiana or a bigger market.
YogaBeer::The only problem with this thinking is T Wolves are a perennial lottery chaser.
Sir Mittens the ninth::What are you talking about, these sources are the same sources Espn and chris bussard use, there perfectly legit.
scow79::Those are some pretty $@%!$@ sources you've got.
Sir Mittens the ninth::i heard from my sources the man wants to play for a championship contender like the Wolves. My sources told me Hayword and kanter both want to come over to the Wolves.
HunterF4444::Why cause Hitler runs the Wolves and only white people can make it?
Sir Mittens the ninth::yeah.LOL :)
Booty Loaf_::I almost just don't want to mess with this team at all. no draft picks no free agents. we are really starting to click as a team and by next year should be legitimate threats to beat anybody in the playoffs. not win a title but win a series maybe even two who knows with kyrie
YogaBeer::That's pretty good BrownBob.     But it's true.  CAvs need a SF in the worst way.  However, I hope they can find that ALL STAR sf in FA as I don't see it in the draft.
TheBrownestBob::I have a very long drawn-out theory as to why the Cavs need a starting SF.  But it starts with this.. Luol Deng 4x a year, LeBron James is in the conference, Paul George 4x a year, Paul Pierce is in the conference, Carmelo Anthony is in the conference..   My point is the Cavs play top level competition at SF in almost every game they lose.  They've won more games against teams without a good SF than they have won games against teams with a good SF.
TheBrownestBob::No, I didn't want to post the whole thing.  Just some small details.
Booty Loaf_::lol that is your "long drawn out theory"
TheBrownestBob::I think in the next 2 years, people will say this is how the 2012 draft should have gone (just based on superstar potential, not the teams picking them).  1) Bradley Beal 2) Andre Drummond 3) Dion Waiters 4) Damian Lillard 5) Anthony Davis
YogaBeer::I agree with Brown Bob.   I think we were all wrong about the unibrow.   He'll end up with a fine career, but not the "can't miss" super star.
Booty Loaf_::1. lillard 2. davis 3. waiters 4. Drummond 5. beal
TheBrownestBob::I don't see Lillard getting any better than he is now.  He's already playing 40 minutes a game and is only shooting 40%.
Booty Loaf_::of all those names why did my autocorrect only capitalize Drummond?
HunterF4444::I agree with that five but not Beat no 1
rbmw263::Still trying to figure out how we lost that game
scow79::Corbin subbed in Foye for Burks.   Irving then went crazy.
JohnsonnnL::Uncle Drew got buckets
Booty Loaf_::cavs have better talent and actually turnt up toward the end. simple as that
YogaBeer::Cavs should be careful.    We're only a couple wins away from being out of the sweet spot in the lottery and into the "damn!   Why didn't we tank?" area.
HunterF4444::That's why every loss doesn't hurt so bad.
LiveAtTheHive88::AIR GORDON!
ThundaRoad::What's the scoop on Dion's illness?  Two games sounds serious.
YogaBeer::From what I read this evening, he also had to see a doc this a.m., but is coming along well now.
JohnsonnnL::Kyrie played good defense in the last couple minutes
YogaBeer::good point.   He did at that!  Also, Tristan Thompson just gets better and better each game in every facet of his game.  Another double/double for both players.    TT's D against, IMHO, the best bigs we've seen in along while was outstanding tonight.   (* I don't think the Heat nor the Knicks have the depth in the paint these guys have with their bigs.)     Also TT seems to be catching up on all the little things players need to do that don't show up in the Box or on a stat sheet.     Showing at the top of the key, clever screens off the ball, good picks, etc.
clealh::2000 points for Kyrie watch out Kareem!!!
