Disco Dan Bylsma 1.0::Colangelo needs to make another deal involving Bargnani like he just did with Gay ... then the Raptors might be respectable ...
Tkrage22::Why is everyone so skeptical about Rudy's game. He isn't just a scorer(which everyone finds that he is inefficient), he plays great defense and stops his man from scoring. Not to mention his recent work on the boards. Even when he isn't scoring at the top of his game he is still impacting the game positively for the Raptors.
nicolestuckless::Everyone cuts Bargnani but if he never said they were the worst team in the NBA the Raptors probably would of continued to play their lazy style they had now they actually look like a team. Bargnani is better than anything theyd get for him
nicolestuckless::He may not be a top pick but is decent scorer
ginblossoms1972::I've been following a bet system called SportsBettingStar a few months back. Since I started playing this system I have doubled my money in just two months. You can find this system on the first page of google if you search the words Sports Betting System.  I recommend this system to anyone that likes to bet on sports
nicolestuckless::Get a job dont waste your money
cafisher159::1-12 w/ 7 turnovers? Damn I like to think John Wall is a great PG but these numbers suggest otherwise. Oh well he's beast in 2k13 :)
tsholden::Wall is fools gold bc of his shooting or lack there of... they will ride him out until he improves his jump shot but by then he'll be trade bait
hookem5746::You had Neal and Wall and lost to Toronto.  So much for being a contender with everyone healthy.  Still years away; like 5 years ago
hamel89::when toronto actually has enough healthy players to play, they're pretty good...
hookem5746::Beal
FinsFan93::the wizards may have lost, but beal is a beast. so glad we have him for years to come (hopefully).
HitlerequalsMalcolmX::If Toronto is this good with Bargs, imagine how good they'd be with Boozer(assuming he plays at this year's level throughout the contract). While Gay might not be efficient, this team is better with him.
Azienkid::Raptors are going to get the 8th seed and knock out the heat in the first round......I wish, I hate the heat so much lol
cross-checking::tomorrow is going to be a good game. Both the Raptors and Grizzlies playing well after the trade
HunterF4444::Rudy is a chucker
rhuff1118::Yeah, but he can isolate one on one in big situations and score. Don't worry too much about his shooting %. He'll make up for it.
rhuff1118::Grizz fan here. Hated losing Rudy G but glad to see him playing so well in Toronto. Hopefully a win-win trade in the long run.
Nash_Memph_ville::10 - 25 , rudy... Needs to pick it up or dish to DeRozan more.
tmoneyinmphs::Amazing that rudy's 38% shooting can help the raptors go 6-2.  Glad the trade is working out for you guys.  Should be a fun game tomorrow.
cdnpaul33::At this point, making the playoffs would be a bonus. I'm thrilled that we're finally seemingly moving in the right direction; in fact, I'm so happy now that I won't be gutted if we don't trade the 7 foot cream puff until the summer.
BoxingFanatic_444::nets lose! only 5 games back! lets close this out further before we meet the bucks in a few games
fergiesean63::*bucks
Aureliux::*bucks lose
BoxingFanatic_444::?
Heat-Star::JOE FOR THE WIN
futureNBAballa::Wooo thank you Joe Johnson! Raptors gettinc closer to that 8 seed
Heat-Star::Beal is awesome though
arizonasting13::I really wish my Suns traded up for him :(
__SPURS21::John Wall hit the rookie wall
EasyRun18::#1 pk overall or #1 bust overall, or both. Wall's either #1 or #2 highest TO &amp; lowest 3PT% PG last 2 seasons,  He could catch holiday as top TO PG again this season.
Raptors_Heat_Bluejays::Raptors can win the next 20 games easily ............. i see them in the playoffs
emthomasjr::If the Raps make the right move before the trade deadline, I can't see why they couldn;t keep winning.
A Red Stapler::They can win all they want, but they need the Hawks, Bucks or Celtics to crash so they can take advantage.
A Red Stapler::Nice enthusiasm, but you're higher than the "rent is too d^mn high" guy with that comment.
A Red Stapler::Oh for sure. Just not "next 20 games easily".
Raptors_Heat_Bluejays::nah, Raptors can win some games coming up
BoxingFanatic_444::big shot by nets to send it to OT
EoaRider::RAPTORS RULEEEEEE
pico2013::Raptors rule. I'm optimistic the Raptors will make the playoffs
BoxingFanatic_444::everyone go to the brooklyn-milwaukee game to cheer on the nets lol
Raptorsfan080::exactlyyy
Qiox::Now who were those people 5 hours ago going on about how they were going to bet on the Wizards?
AJE356::taking out another loan
melvin887::$@%! Raptors Yall not goin to playoffs this year
Texans_Knicks_2008::1-12 shooting for John Wall...so glad im not a wizards fan
bradyandjrich::Player can't have a bad shooting night?
A Red Stapler::John Walls night &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; bad.
Rigstrikesbak3278::Wizards are an abomination
BoxingFanatic_444::come on brooklyn beat the bucks plz!
melvin887::John Wall needs work on his jumper big time
Mayor of Uberville::@Truth_About_It A really bad #Wizards loss to begin 2nd portion of season, yet... #SoWizards. WAS goes down to TOR, 96-88. 2 Minutes Ago · Discuss  check the records of both teams fool
mpascal333::See you at ACC tomorrow to watch Rudy kick the Grizz!
99brom::ill be there! gonna be sickkkkk
iain banks::Raps vs Miami EASTERN CONFERENCE FINALS, Raps Blow out Heat 4-2, go to play OKC where they SWEEP them like the Scrubs they are. . Book it
melvin887::Good game wizards we get next one
EMAW590::Odds the Raptors make the playoffs instead of the Lakers?
cubby2516::lakers are closer to an 8 seed
cubby2516::10 to 1
mpascal333::GG Wiz fans
Mayor of Uberville::Raps win again. wow
arvinramroop::5 IN A ROW BABY
99brom::TROSS only 3 min, whats up with that?
cubby2516::he still young! give him next year...Derozan didn't play much his rookie year...look where he is now
jays hit moonshots::derozan started his rookie year
jays hit moonshots::he hasn't been very good recently and the raps are winning without him
iain banks::TROSS jacks up too many shots, he doesn't drive as much. Terrible shot selection, its why he doesn't get minutes. Hes talented enough though
Flash Barrett::Like Anderson has a better shot selection
gri400::a damn shame is what that is
arvinramroop::GRII
BoxingFanatic_444::now we need milwaukee to lose
TorontoSportsDynasty::If only we started the season without Bargnani and with Rudy Gay.  We would probably be 6-8 seed.
Raptorsfan080::WHOOOOOOO 5 IN A ROWWWW BABYYYY
cubby2516::5 in a row go raptors!!! look to make it 6 in a row...big game for Gay against his old team!!
Raptors_TDOT::Seriously can someone in Toronto go give Bargs a really bad charly horse or punch him in the elbow so he goes back on the IR??
AJE356::This wasnt a pretty game; I'm amazed the Raps almost made it to 100
TheDreamArena::If Wall couldn't do anything against Lowry, it's going to be a long long long end of the season for you Wizard fans because Lowry sucks on defense.
drstravinsky::Who else prefers Jack Armstrong to Leo Rautins?
AJE356::I agree; Jack Armstrong is much sexier. What? That was gay.
TorontoSportsDynasty::Easily
gri400::easily
Zeke Mansfield::And that's a Rap...,
mpascal333::I like that
Jordan014-23::if the raps make the 8th seed....heat vs raps....damnnnnnnnnn
TorontoSportsDynasty::The Raptors' season would be a success if they made it to 8th seed.
