Road dog Red::All in ALL... a bump in the road... No one likes to play their little brother or their son.. Which Austin IS to the team... Its mentally discombobulating
creeddude96@gmail.com::Why can't you just own up to a loss Celtics fans?
creeddude96@gmail.com::I know buddy. I've watched every hornets game. Austin has a very bright future. But Austin having 8 pts and 1 assists isn't the reason we won. Oh and this isn't close to a career game. He had 27 pts against the t-wolves back in December
creeddude96@gmail.com::Austin had nothing to do with this win. We are a good team on the rise. Austin had 8 points. You guys just didn't play as good. Simple as that.
creeddude96@gmail.com::dwighthowardsamazing - He scored 27 points against Minnesota... Dumbasss  lol. Agreed
dwighthowardsamazing::He scored 27 points against Minnesota... Dumbasss
Jumeax::What are you talking about! Austin had a Career game in front of his dad Played out of his mind 8pts and 1 Assist! A regular Austin rivers game might have been equivalent to -12 points
bostonwildcats::Time to get Cousins to the Celtics....I know he can be trouble, but he has energy and a fire that this team lacks!!!
kevinj1264::Unibrow&gt;Kg
Jesse7590::Play Barbosa more DOC!
_I Am A Celtic_::I also agree with you, the guy can play.  Apparently he wants out though
BOOTNEYFUNZWORTH::I am glad somebody else see what I see, this is a no brainer
Boston33Jon::Do you see that they give up over 110 points per 100 possessions when he is in the game?  He's an abomination on the defensive end of the floor.  I don't see whose minutes he gets... They have 4 guards that are all much better than he is.
Dave6673::-26 for KG vs the friggin Hornets. I didn't even think that was possible. Glad I read that article last week about how awesome the Celtics defense was when he was on the court! Guy couldn't guard Kirk Herbstreet
creeddude96@gmail.com::You should keep up with us a little more. Those 13 wins are deceiving. We have been injured all season. And we finally have a complete team that's on a roll. This is a playoff team buddy. Not this year because of the early hole we dug. But this is the hornets team I've anticipated seeing since offseason
irishdude733::doc you have to play barbosa more!! hes a beast! 7 points in 3 minutes?! come on now , the celtics needed energy against the hornets and barbosa woulda gave them it.
angry again::AFA and Lopez were huge in this game  Couldnt be more happy with the rebounding efforts of late
GeauxPelicans::the Pelicans do it again!
AllInForLife1984::Started following this online betting system called SportsBettingStar about 3 months ago.  Ive made around 3K per month during that time using the system.
bostonwildcats::The C's should be ashamed to lose a game like this.  This team is going no where without a trade.  Time to mix it up a little Danny!
creeddude96@gmail.com::You are an idiot. You obviously know nothing about the hornets this season
Verin15::You are an idiot, they have the pieces they need for the next few years to be a playoff team once it all comes together.
Cantini0411::this is Bull.$@%!
Pete Carroll likes to Dance::bad game... you could tell everyone took the day off...they're just chillin' until playoffs...   get the 3rd or 4th seed and then make a championship run push....
kevinj1264::they  won't get the fourth, fifth, sixth or seventh seed, first round elimination by either Miami or NYK
Dave6673::How are they going to get the 4th seed again?
winfieldbus::i have no idea why people think the c's can do that. its never work for them.
HotdogSalesman2012::celts you make me want to hurl up last night's dinner after that disgusting effort.  Your team is SHOT.
_I Am A Celtic_::Somehow Eric Gordon was a +10 in the box score.  That's impressive
nvrletufall22::Was just about to comment on that.
Pavel0636::u have good games and bad games lets just hope next 2 games are not pathetic as this one
alexj26602::aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
MSKAAAADD::FINALLY BACK! HAHA FOUND MY PASSWORD OUT! Expect to see me around NBA and NFL boards again. GO HEAT!!  SportsFan598
dwighthowardsamazing::Dear Dell demps   A certain player (if you can even call him "player" because he doesn't play) with a lemon shaped head faked an injury and is still faking an injury so please don't get caught up in the hype he sucks when he plays which is almost never so please please trade him I really don't care if we get kwame Brown for him but i just want him gone before he has another "setback" in his knee and is untradable so get Gordon gone before the deadline please  Sincerely  Dwighthowardsamazing   Ps obviously we don't need him watching that game
_I Am A Celtic_::Terry really does need to be traded
Road dog Red::How anyone ever told Jeff Green his elbow has to be online WITH the basket in order to become a CONSISTENT jump shooter and not flailed off to his right side.. no one has told him this??? I mean ... REALLY
Road dog Red::When this team looks bad.. they REALLY look bad
Road dog Red::I wondering how much WORSE Jason Terry can be.... I mean .. REALLY
Road dog Red::11 Mill for a guard who can't shoot or play defense.. the Tics need sum Brand NU Flava cuz this one ain't going to get it done
nba is the worst::Exact same record after 38 games as last season, no big deal
Road dog Red::and will get the same result too
_I Am A Celtic_::Go away fraud
nba is the worst:::(
Road dog Red::When Paul Pierce SUCKs... Rondo can't pick up the slack
Road dog Red::Here comes the BRAND NU ...
_I Am A Celtic_::Is this your jam?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9-MLp3l2fkA
_I Am A Celtic_::oh no
Road dog Red::new rap song
Road dog Red::LMAO... It figures...
nba is the worst::78 points at home?  wow
nba is the worst::Classic convicted felon Ken Mauer ref job, -15 ftas in the home court disadvantage (same P O S was in charge of ECF gm 2 in Miami).  Did 91477 survive?
_I Am A Celtic_::You're a fraud
fbbscr10::the celtics proved tonight that the hornets are in fact the best team in the NBA right now... whether its davis posterizing kg or larry fitzgerald fingerringgg rondo. consistency is key and right know... the door is locked forthe celtcis.. regroup and perhaps we canrebuild the consolation i callhome with maybe a shower to clean some goop off. haha
nba is the worst::Err - larry fitzgerald?  Confused much?
fbbscr10::no
Barry660314::WE HAVE ESCAPED THE CELLAR AND AIN'T GOIN BACK FOR 15 YEARS (if everyone stays healthy)
_I Am A Celtic_::I like it more when we win
dwade for commish::there's simply nothing jazzy about Utah, they should give New Orleans their name back.  Then Charlotte could have the name "hornets" back.  I mean, "Pelicans"???.  Really??  And Utah could call themselves........oh who gives a sh.t what they call themselves.
willy9922::we let no win
Jrayt220::Fire Coach Rivers.No f*ucking $@%!$@% afraid to go against their child in a GAME!!! It's not life or death Doc.Grow a pair ,and be a professional.I lost alot of money because he wants to be a "good Dad".Your kid went to Duke,is playing in the NBA.In other words, he's successful.However, I now understand why he plays like a timid b*itch.
sullyinmass::"I lost alot of money"  Good, ROTFLMAO!!! You shouldn't gamble.
n3gr0sax0n::umadbro?
Kobelies247::Celts = joke
Booty Loaf::austin-1 doc-0
fbbscr10::69
garnolfini::The Celtics taste like rancid jambalaya.
sullyinmass::So doesn't your wife.
coachhoop007::dOES anyone know why Eric Gordon didn't play tonight?
brieman272::resting his knee since it was the 2nd game of a back to back...precaution thats all
MilanLucicdropsthegloves::The Boston Bricklayers................pathetic all around performance. Embarassing at home. They needed some 5 hour energy.
Karibe85::They were recording their debut album :)
gakjkj::...  i can't take this world anymore!!!!!!!!!!!  *commits suicide*  I BLAME YOU 5 HOUR ENERGY AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Hondo Kid::New orleans getting guys back from injuries and have a good coach.  Lotta pride they are gonna win some the rest of the yr.  Boston still boston.  Rondo is something else. Without him boston wouldn't have any hopes
Karibe85::I wonder what kind of trash talking was going on between kG and Austin rivers
brieman272::your mom tastes like stale cornflakes
gus_maclaurin::31 free throw attempts (versus 16)?  seriously?  in boston?  either the celtics are fouling way too much, or the refs were smoking something...
taste_teh_reinbo::look at the points in the paint, and offensive rebound margin. Hornets were attacking all night meanwhile the celtics were shooting lots of jumpers.
iamjayee::hahaha... Ainge will make his move!
paulleena12::What is that?
rambojrv::Austin Rivers defeats his fathers team with 8 points and 1 assist. WOW! All-Star wrothy prefomance!!!!
AustinBeal::Kudos to the Hornets. They look like a playoff team as of now, but their terrible start will likely keep them from playing in May.
Jeffrey2832::Hornets arent a really great team yet.. but the young team is starting to learn composure and what it takes to win game to game. I think in the long run.... add 1 or 2 more pieces and they will be on the level of OKC Thunder in the next 2-3 years.
Jeffrey2832::Oh and after Tom Benson's wife passed away.. he is a completely different owner.. Money comes and goes.. moments in life while never retain able are precious. He can't take the money to the grave.. but everyone will remember him in the next 10 years.
Moonshadow99::Boston doesn't have an age problem, they have a talent problem with bigs which leads to poorer rim protection and rebounding.  Very simple to see this actually...
fhsdawgs377::look out for them hornets, prolly the hottest team right now, they got the talent to sneak in at the 8th seed
gakjkj::i dunno about hotTEST right now but  yeah they're legit  one of the youngest if not the youngest team in league  future looks bright for the pelicans i suppose
sportsfan1014::Celtics lost? who cares anyway, my son was great tonight..  -Doc
ChumRoastBeef::$@%! $@%! $@%! $@%! $@%! $@%! $@%! $@%!
ChumRoastBeef::$@%!$@% Doc rivers let his son have this game.
