Disco::Ricky Rubio is a bust!! This team will go nowhere with him as the PG. He is the worst starting point guard in the league in FG% AT 34%. In fact that places him 73rd out of 93 point guards that have played this season. NO, his assists don't offset that because he is only 8th on that list and has an assist to turn over rate that places him 16th in the league. that does not make up for one assist more than average when you chuck up bricks at the rim. Besides, any PG dishing to Love is going to have inflated assist numbers. The good news is he is slightly better than Shved statistically, so the anser is probably JJ, not Alexey.
Frankie::Wow Dean, get a clue.  Time to check the stats and coaching lists!!  Adelman has the most wins by any coach in the Kings history.  And the banners in the rafters prove it!!!   Somehow he managed to win the Western Conference Championships ,,, 3 times!!!   Coaching is not your problem, players are.
Kevin::Kings FINALLY did what was needed - traded mediocres for REAL talent in Derrick and Rudy.  These guys combine with Cousins and Thomas to force defenses to play honest.  Four wins in five games scoring a ton of points....
K101::Really didn't want Williams traded away for nothing. Hes young with a lot of potential but you know adelman he doesn't like his young guys but uses rubio cause he's the only other point guard on the team. They're prob going to do the same to shabazz.
elemental1::South Park (other IDs: Bob, Barney, Greg, Davey Crockett, Michael Scott, Turd Ferguson) is a troll who hates the Wolves and cheers for them to lose so he can type his usual "wolves have no talent and a bleak future" drivel. He's been doing it for years. It is all he looks forward to in life.
poyman::Another splended demonstration of shooting from Thornton and some exquisite ball handling from IT... Good thing Thomas is hitting his shots and Gay is playing his best game as a King...
Schultz::This is How the KINGS should an WILL keep Playing! Their learning to play together an WIN Games plus FINALLY since PEJA they have a SMALL FORWARD who can Stretch the Floor an Defenses to help Cousin's & the last Player Drafted a Couple Year;s ago has Turned into more than a Good PG.so ISIAH THOMAS will have to be locked up with GAY.
Dan::I know the Kings are playing better an have beaten some good teams. However, it's inexcusable not to bury an inferior team coming off a back to back, especially on your own floor. The Wolves D is an absolute joke and it's apparent the Wolves didn't need Derrick Williams. Hey, at least the Wolves got on some kind of streak after alternating wins-losses since the end of 2013.   MIKE ZIMMER!
ABC::Kings are improving so much.
Trace Mann::Let`s face it, Minnesota is under achieving and going nowhere. if they lose to Sac tonight. they should see what they can get for Love before the trade deadline. he will bolt for the bright lights first chance he gets.
