Mason Wesley Lloyd::Please keep tanking. Please somehow some way get rid of McGee. Please don't fire Brian Shaw because of one season. Please do fire Tim Connoley because of one horrible offseason. Please make Josh Kroenke sell the Nuggets to some rich Russian dude who just wants to have the best team money can buy. Thanks.
James Borash::Stan owns the nuggets not Josh, and Stan and his wife, who is a walton are worth roughy around 9 or 10 billion. This has nothing to do with money, it has to do with players forming super teams in major cities
Cole Stclair::The Suns have adapted Moneyball to the NBA...construct a roster of mostly undrafted free agents....players that went to the ends of the earth to play the game they love...guys with endless motors and a raw athleticism that looks like "flubber"...but because they're "tweeners" in height and didn't benefit from the unparalleled press coverage of "one and done university" they've been on the outside looking in at a league bent on filling their rosters with overpaid... overhyped teenages...and mediocre veterans who manage to log a decade in the NBA based solely on their career at Duke...Don't have a favorite team....adopt the Suns...they make other teams idea of uptempo look slow...shoestring budget...a team of equals....similar backgrounds....similar tax bracket....and the non=stop burning sensation that "chips on a shoulder" cause
Jeff Knoll::While I agree with you for the most part there are a few flaws in your comment.     Eric Bledsoe:  One-and-done (Got unparallelled press coverage at Kentucky "one-and-done university" as you call it)    Archie Goodwin: One-and-done (Got unparallelled press coverage at Kentucky "one-and-done university" as you call it)    Miles Plumlee: Got drafted in the First Round based solely on his career at Duke.     Alex Len: Two-and-done (potentially over-hyped teenager drafted off potential)    Marcus and Markieff Morris: Got drafted in the First Round based solely on their career at Kansas (Blue-blood program similar to Duke)    Channing Frye: First Round draft pick based off of his career at Arizona (top-tier program in college basketball)    Gerald Greene: Drafted in the First Round of out High school. (Over-hyped teenager I guess you... would call him at the time of his draft)    Emeka Okafor: Drafted in the First Round 2nd overall based on his career at UConn (top tier program)  Ill give you Goran Dragic, Slav Kravstov (doesn't play), Dionte Christmas, Ish Smith, and PJ Tucker to qualify as "guys with endless motors and a raw athleticism that looks like "flubber"...but because they're "tweeners" in height and didn't benefit from the unparalleled press coverage of "one and done university" they've been on the outside looking in at a league bent on filling their rosters with overpaid... overhyped teenages...and mediocre veterans who manage to log a decade in the NBA based solely on their career at Duke"  Other than those contradictions I agree. Go Suns. See More
Jason Young::Good lesson learned.  Teams don't quit just because you are up by 18.  Glad we still pulled out the win.
Hans Christian Zambales::hope they keep that in mind for the rest of the season, every single minute counts in basketball
Brent Carroll::Suns win get to 4-2
Jake Mac::I just don't know what to think about this Nuggets team. We aren't good enough to make noise in the playoffs, but we aren't bad enough to be a lottery team in the draft. I want Shaws system to work, but I don't think McGee and Faried are the players to make it work.
Carey Stock::I agree,especially about McGee! It appears if he(McGee) doesn't play up to where shaw thinks he ought to be,He is bench. As for Faried ,well may come around!
Christopher Paul Bowen::Agreed. Faried is fun and a hustle guy but I would trade him and maybe Mcgee for some fundamental bigs. Faried's trade value is high right now too so it would be the time to do it. You can't win in the playoffs unless you have disciplined, skilled bigs. Guys like Faried are great off the bench but can't be your starters.
Brandon Duenas::Without Dragic and Len the Suns are still 4-2 somehow. Could this team really make the playoffs as a 7-8 seed if healthy?
Jeff Goldseth::settle down, we're 6 games in. making the playoffs would be a miracle in the West.
Eric Thompson::Why did they fire George Karl?   How's that working out for Denver?
Christopher Paul Bowen::How bout them Jazz haha
Ryan Eggers::lets go nuggets time to! build some momentum after getting our 1st win.
Hans Christian Zambales::good win suns! kieff was a beast!
Lance Rachel Voegely::This system  sucks right now and Shaw is going to need about two to three solid years to build a team around his system. Sad thing is, the professional sports world wants to win games "NOW" and not three years down the road. I dont see Shaw making it very much longer unless he pulls something out of hat and flips the switch.
Tony Ellis::Based on your observations on him during his college career, how well do you think Miles Plumlee will respond to being a starter and getting 30+ minutes over an 82 game NBA season? His size and strength in the post is tantalizing, he is great at rebounding and shot blocking when he is on (although I find him to often be out of position to secure rebounds), and he has a decent mid range game. However, he has been wildly inconsistent over his first four games this season. Never before have I been so torn on whether I want to keep someone on my fantasy basketball teams or cut them loose.
Connor Fielding::He will be busy combing his hair
Christopher Paul Bowen::I know two of our best players are hurt, but they probably will be the majority of this season. Were gonna lose a bunch of games and probably just miss the playoffs because of it, why not just tank, this would be the year to do it
Larry King::who are the officials? I find it amusing the only one listed here is Scott Wall and there have been 25 fouls called in a single half of play! There were 29 fouls called in the entire Cavs Philly game earlier tonite!
Brandon Tigues::suns management was trying to tank when they were putting this roster together..so far not good , this team has been competitive in every single game so far..should've beat the spurs.
Eric Evans::4 Draft picks they don't need to tank their will still be high anf they can trade theirs and another to get even higher won't be a problem.  The GM played it perfect get young and if we win great we can still trade picks to get a star FA or high pick or be bad and get high picks.  Ethier way he's GM of the year.
Christopher Paul Bowen::Nuggets just dont have enough good players...you cant trot guys like Hamilton and Randolph out there and expect to win games, just not gonna happen
Christian Rivas::Someone pleez tell these guys not to score more than 208 points.
Aaron Swanson::I would completely be surprised if the Nuggets win.
Larry King::who the hell re the zebs? they are calling a ton of fouls!
Mike Galvin::Nice game Suns!  Nuggets still struggling.
Sam Cooperman::Where can I get streaming of this game for free
Jenn Schultz::http://www.freevip.eu/
Benny Thai Tran::Denver and Memphis are in the same boat.
Adam Rodriguez::Suns win this at home definetely!
Connor Fielding::Wouldn't surprise me lol
Larry King::Ahhh good ole Rodney mott
Christopher Paul Bowen::No defense what else is new
Aaron Barlip::FKIN REBOUND GDIT
