Alan Ogg::" i only come on here when the heat lose and say the heat suck, but when they win its just a regular season game and their fans are loserS"  -99% of opposing team fans
Adam Youman::this is like the exact opposite for heat fans. they come here to rave about how great they are when they win but when they lose it all of a sudden doesnt matter till the playoffs
Taylor Manes::But let's switch what you said and put the heat...isint that what you so called "fans" preach every time y'all lose..
Alan Ogg::Taylor Manes looks like bulls fans are awake. guess its cuz you guys won a game for the first time in like 2 months lmao
Ray Prez Mclendon::HEAT 3PEAT
Taylor Manes::BOY BYE..
Marc Taylor::i'm still tryin to figure out Manes and his merry band of fools. Whats that photo about - mayn?
Miquel Medina::Lebron best player in the nba !!!!!
Jermaine Beard::Lebron receives all time help of any superstar in history....you got a guy who shot 100% tonight but Lebron is carrying this team?....yeah right......
Jabari Akil::MJ and Magic had no help? Great analysis. Who said he was carrying the team? He's definitely the best player in the league by far, but there's D. Wade and Bosh. He left the Cavs so he wouldn't have to carry a team by himself.
Graham Strouse::LBJ had a lousy night but he does carry this team. Are you high or something?
Bill Northrup::Really? Are u saying he's not the best player in the NBA?
Randy Ragsdale::The Miami Heat will never back down! The Miami Heat will never crumble. The Miami will NEVER submit and the Miami Heat will never surrender. Golden State whipped us good on Thursday. Give em' credit. We'll get em' back. Orlando, I would hate to be ya! THE MIAMI HEAT IS COMIN' TO GET YA and scorch ya!
Joshua Nix::They have won two titles in a row, I hope they wouldn't crumble lmfao!!!!!! The Heat are about to play Orlando, if they don't win by at least 10pts this will be a joke.
Marc Taylor::This dude knows what he's talkin about.
Leland Wong::Actually, I like Rashad Lewis better than Shane. Shane is next to useless. Lewis will be starting today for Shane and look for Beasly to play a lot of minutes. Beasly is a great player.
Bobby Johnson::Shane is useless when?  he has been a huge part of post season success. Yea he goes into shooting slumps throughout the regular season but he always plays great defense (leads team in charges) and he knows hows to stay in a game mentally. I agree that Beasley is better, and Lewis is better as far as overall skill set but calling Battier useless is very ignorant.
Bronson Te Hau::yea you definitely need to review that comment, check out last 2 post season stats for Battier he has big game.
Jabari Akil::Last 2 finals Battier came through with his three point shooting. I feel they should play him at the 3 more to avoid him being matched up with PF's and C's, that's what makes him look bad.
Randy Ragsdale::Look at James showing his basketball IQ. He knows he's struggling to score, so he starts dishing out assists at the Point Forward position. Good basketball.
David Zimmerman::After LeBron wins another fmvp someone somewhere on espn's message boards will still be saying "all he does is make dunks and layups".
Taylor Manes::Um everyone knows Kevin Durant is winning the mvp this year...
Randy Ragsdale::Lewis is having a monster game. I wouldn't mind having him start in our lineup over Battier. He's got ten pts to start this game. He's on fire.
Mark Antwan::Bosh with 20 on 9/9 shooting Lewis with 18 starting Wade with 20 Bron bad shooting night but almost triple double
Bronson Te Hau::Battier is Heats best defensive player and he turns up at playoffs and drills treys and takes fouls
Lornet Prather::He also adds IQ to the roster
Andy P Kordyban::How is it possible that Ray Allen finished with one FTA without making a basket?
Andy P Kordyban::I guess a lane violation on the 2nd one maybe
Jabari Akil::Probably a technical or 3 in the key
Andy P Kordyban::Jabari Akil you are right..a technical on Orlando.
James Incredible-Jackson::Lewis with nearly 20 points against the Magic.....oh the irony LOL
Tanya Rivera::I think lebron still having nightmares about curry the other night lol
Alan Ogg::i think greg pop and duncan and manu having nightmares of june 2013.
Lornet Prather::James knows its a big deal when teams and players 'beat' the Heat in regular season games.  Its the high point in the season for teams like the Detroit Pistons and why the NBA has the Milwaukee Bucks so fans around the country can see the Harlem Globetrotters come to their town and sometimes see their Generals win.
Bill Northrup::Looks like the Magic are waving the white flag
Leland Wong::If LBJ have another 8 t/o night the Heat will be in trouble
Bode Kassis Biao::MIAMI HEAT HAVE A GOOD PLAYERS...
Lornet Prather::Thank you Miami.  Orlando must lose.
Shoot Jung::Heat will win!
Jean R. Jeudy::I'm patiently waiting for the Magic brass to pull the plug on this Jack Vaughn experiement. There's too much talent on this team. Wish Jerry Jones was the owner. He'll fire this guy and the GM like it was yesterday.
Ben Rinaldi::You don't want Jerry Jones because he would BE your GM.  It's not a fun thing.
Daniel Moore::I don't think you understand what you're asking for, Jean...
Joshua Nix::Rob Hennigan is doing a amazing job, this is a rebuild project. As a magic fan I couldn't be more happier. Im also a cowboys fan, and Jerry is by far the worse GM in football. Is Vaughn a good coach, mehhh, but right now he is the perfect guy for a job that isn't expected to do more than win 25 games max. If u believe this team can compete right now Jean then u are very mislead. They are a point guard away, and a power forward away from trying to compete with the big boys. There is no superstars on this team. Expect Afflalo, Nelson, or Davis to be moved  by the deadline for picks or younger players. Rome wasn't built in a day. NBA teams are far more harder to build then NFL teams. NBA rebuilds take years and solid draft picks to get things turned around. Otis Smith killed this team with bad contracts, and Hennigan is still cleaning up his mess.
Leland Wong::The real fans have told me this should be the Heat starting five. LBJ, DW, CB, MB or RL and NC. I agreed with them. Shane no way, he is useless, he can not defend worth a lick.
Alan Ogg::you are from SF. tell me how Barry Bonds did well for you guys?
Leland Wong::Alan Ogg He worked hard and he is discipline. He is the greatest baseball player ever.
Lornet Prather::Basically you dont know what you are talking about.  Shane is the secret reason for the success of the Heat.  He improves the team's basketball IQ and is the perfect mentor for Lebron James in things beyond basketball.  A college kid like you should understand what Battier brings to the table but obviously you dont have a clue.
Leland Wong::In fact 80% of them say this to me when I go to a Heat Game. Some of you probably never even been to a Heat game but most of you have so you know what I am talking about.
Lester Avellan::Great Heat Win. Alan Ogg the Heat don't suck when you're the two time champ. But anyways, just enjoy Great Basketball.
Alan Ogg::im from miami..
Leland Wong::Heat will have their hands full with the Magic if LBJ and Beasly keep on handing the ball to the other side like they did with the Warriors.
