Travis John Collins::Picking up K-Mart was genius for this year.
Henry Stephen::Pekovic's lack of defense and shot blocking ability trump his contribution on offense in the long run.  If we actually want to be a contender we need a defensive presence around the hoop
Sota Kollin::Agreed
Steven Christian Shaw::Love has been looking motivated after last year and it looks like his "numbers" ARE leading to wins so far this year.
Craig C-Rious Pearson::We are not the laughing stock anymore. Let's go wolves !
Marqui Skeins::The wolves have a good team this year. And they played way better than my mavs tonight. But if the wolves want to get rid of that laughing stock of the nba theme. They need to get in the playoffs and actually do something in the playoffs. But if they stay healthy this year deadly team i guarantee that.
John Malichky::Dirk needs the ball in his hands more.  11 shots and 1 assist means that the offense isn't going through him like it used to.  Let Ellis and everyone else get involved during the first 3 quarters, but Dirk has to demand the ball in crunch time.  In the games I've seen, he's just standing around the 3 pt like as an observer like Channing Frye.  When Dirk is one of the most dominant 1 on 1 players in the last decade who can get his shot on anyone, it just comes down to wanting it.  Dirk could be saving himself for later in the season, but it is best to get the wins now and then cruise once you are in the playoffs rather than cruise all season and then have to use all your energy just to get in.
James Pruitt::hanging around the 3 point line is all he does now. I love Dirk, but no wonder nobody wants to play here now. dirk looks like he is done. Said to say but the glory years are over.
Sue Finch::Until offense utilizes best player on the team dallas will not be successful 11shot two of which were beat the clock shots passed to him with 1second on clock is not efficient execution Basketball I.q. should be higher Dirk is unselfish and will get the ball to the right person Wake up mavs
Ronald Porupsky::Love gets no respect, but he is a top 5 player in the league IMO. Better than Westbrook and Harden for sure, they just play on better teams.
Lornet Prather::Love gets plenty of respect.
Darius S Sims::Lornet Prather better then westbrook and harden is saying a mouth full, is he good hell yeah but to say better just doesn't sound right to me. I think he's a bit more consistent then westbrook I think I do give him that. Him and harden are on equal footing as of right now in there careers.
A.J. Yowler::doesn't play defense nearly as good as Harden or Westbrook
Mitch Wilde::We were a bad matchup against Golden State. They match up well with us cause David Lee plays Love tough same with Bogut and Pek. He basically shut pek down, and you have to give the edge to GS when it comes to PG,SG,SF . I think we will come back with a big victory over Dallas we matchup favorably against them.
Preston Swain::Just because you'll get 95% of all the rebounds doesn't mean anything!
Don Beggs::Is there a reason why Derrick Williams isn't playing??????
Jason Grace::Defense wins championships
Anthony Wing::haha brewer is our d motor now
Jose Guerrero::Wolves by 8
John Osaki Jr.::If you are a big-time Ricky Rubio and Kevin Love fan, check out both players on Domique Wilkins and Blake Griffins chapters in the new 2013 book NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/149096875X/ref=mp_s_a_1_1?qid=1383693074&sr=8-1&pi=SY200
Max Wilkinson::Twolves starting lineup can play with anybody, but our bench is just bad unfortunately. Happy Robbie hummel has made it to the league but if we have any aspirations beyond a 6-8 seed we're gonna need to bring in some new players this year/next year to back up Love and company
Rolando Mercado::it still pisses me off that cuban got rid of brewer to "save cap space" then turned  around and gave vince carter the same exact contract brewer had. i like vince but brewer would have given the mavericks a perimeter defender who won't get torched by quick players.
Jesse Huber::Now we'll see how the Wolves finish up. They've had trouble closing out comes. Love, Rubio, and Pekovic need to start stepping up in close games down the stretch. Love in particular has been extremely productive tonight, let's see if he can finish.
Joe Simonett::Trouble finishing it up? You only "finish up" games that you've led the majority, and the Wolves have closed out every game they've contested in. The 2 losses we 'rent thanks to poor closing, it was because of sloppy play throughout.
Rolando Mercado::also does anyone know why they took two points away from the mavericks around the 6 minute mark of the fourth? cunningham got called for a goaltending that made the score 99-97, then the wolves called a time out and the score changed to 99-95
Max Klein::Also why is Marion shooting the ball so much? He is a good defender and I get that is why he is out there but turning the ball over 4 times and taking 10 runners is ridiculous. Give those ten attempts to Dirk and the Mavs will win.
Max Klein::I know there is nothing but wolves fans in here but Dalembert was 2-3 from the field had 3 blocks and 4 boards in 13 minutes. Why the hell did we get this guy if Carlisle is only going to play him for 13 minutes?!?!?!
Darius S Sims::Love is a bad boy, He has clearly put in tons of hours working on his game. He will be in the same breathe as bird if he sustains this a few more years. minus the championships of course.
Anthony Wing::hes better, just not in glory days on glory team. he is clutch so far though.
A.J. Yowler::Anthony Wing clutch on losing team is oxymoron..  he's got a ways to go before he can carry Bird's jockstrap
Eric Olson::A.J. Yowler Shows up how much you don't know. The Wolves were only a losing team because of injuries. Anyone with half a brain knows that.
Michael Cruz::Martin went off on us tonight. Hopefully we can contain Mayo and Monta can outplay him. Dallas really needs this road win.
John Chen::Quick question for Wolves fans:  Would you want Dieng to play some minutes behind Pekovic regularly to see what he can do?
Tyler Stenberg::He already is in most instances....tonight was the first game he really didnt play at all.
Jared Keen::Dieng looks like he could be a solid defender. Still raw though. Id like to see Shabazz and him get more time. Shved, Shab, DWill, Cunningham and Dieng should be a very good secong unit overall
Josh Jordan::They would suspend Carter for tonight's game. O well I think the Mavs end their road woes this weekend whether it's against the Twolves or Bucks
Joe Simonett::"O well I think the Mavs end their road woes this weekend [against the Bucks]"** There you go, fixed it for you, my man!
Anthony Wing::how did rubio look. i didnt see the game. rubio eh hem has looked bad lately--sorry he has. anyway what about tonite?
Drew Kenfield::Could Corey Brewer possibly be the worst in the entire league at layups?
Rob Horton::Guess not...
John Malichky::he was when he was with the Mavs.
Guy Mann::The best thing about the new comments is the lack of cats all over Minny teams pages.
Eric Olson::That is a horrible thing.
