Viktor2013::We're actually will make it to 30 wins, that's a surprise..
sjhonson2013_13::Ricky Rubio was awesome in this game.
MinniWolves90::He's awesome every game, whether the box score shows it or not.
MinniWolves90::Brandon Knight is not a smart guy.
MauerPleaseDontLeaveMN::just think of how good the heat would be if they had a real coach like adelmen. 1000th win and not one mention of it on espn facking disgrace.
MinniWolves90::It really is disgraceful. Coach Adelman is an all-time great, the least they could do is mention it.
JordanMont2012::ESPN GIVE COACH ADELMAN SOME RESPECT, THAT'S A 1000 WINS. ESPN YOU REALLY SUCK
denn19641::Pistons shot 53% to Wolves 43 and still lose due to FTs awarded to the winner. Why would I complain if the eyes were set on the lottery. Nice to see Bk7 and Stuck having good performances on still meaningful games.
Wolvesfresh::Rubio showed up as Bricky tonight, but luckily he still played well in the other areas.
CUBAN HONEY-::What's
pistonfanstill::Take a look at the Wizards and Bobcats and watch them pass you.  Beware of Gilbert and the Cavaliers too.  Pistons were toast as soon as Frank was hired.  He talks a great game to the press and to clueless billionaire owners.  Bill Davidson is spinning in his grave.
pistonfanstill::Its not the players fault!  Not even Stuckey's!  They are trapped.  Held hostage by the dopefiend-type move of Gore listening to Checketts advice to hire a NBA Groupie named Lawrence Frank to be head coach.
pistonfanstill::To the agent and people close to Drummond.  If the Pistons are set on Frank being coach best to start getting your man out of here fast.  Do not let his formative years be squandered by this fraud of a coach. He's a Groupie who was Bobby Knight's flunkie at Indiana but he was never a coach until the dumb Nets owner hired him.
pistonfanstill::Lawrence Frank, champion of the power point job interview with clueless billionaire owners.  Fantasy league Groupie who's dream of being a real coach comes true in Jersey and now Detroit.
pistonfanstill::Congrats Mr. Adelman.  A real basketball coach.
wunderrr::so many wins lately, i cant take it anymore. Congrats Mr. Adelman!
pistonfanstill::When Detroit hires a 'real' basketball coach instead of a Hoosier Groupie Wannabee then there can be serious talk of contention!
pistonfanstill::Sure.  Go ahead and blame this loss on the Pistons lack of talent.  As if playing the Timberwolves without K-Love is like going up against the Heat.
Effectful::And to think Rubio challenged Kyrie for ROY.
Kev_010::pretty sure rubio is more of a point guard rather than a shooting guard like most "point guards" today..
Effectful::May as well start J.J because Rubio blows lmfao.
I hate refs 23223::ESPN is overrated, and has created a monopoly on sports news. It's time that a real, unbiased sports news network is created, and people like Adelman would get recognized for their great accomplishments.
Ninersfan4life80::im a lakers fan and have been familiar with adelman coached teams(90's blazers and 2000's kings) and actually wanted him to be the lakers coach instead of mike brown.  i wished this guy had a better team and and a championship under his belt.  guys like him and george karl deserve it..so did jerry sloan.  much respect to adelman on his 1000th win..future hall of famer in my opinion.
Versus07MN::Only came to ESPN to see if this story is making some noise. What a joke this sports network has become.   "Something clever Dan Patrick would say"
EGFWAVE::Adelman wins #1,000 and doesn't even get a headline on the ESPN NBA page.  Classy.
The Common Troll::If you don't have a team in New York, LA, or Miami.. you don't matter according to ESPN
laquisha from vietnam::f espn
dnyberg225::Not one mention of Adelmans milestone on espn, even in the nba section.  Just meaningless stories about the heat and how bosh is a superstar. Well done ESPN well done. Although I should of come to expect this of you.  You guys suck.
MNkittenmittens::pekovic is everything a man should be.
blaknickle::everything a BEAR should be
MAHOGMA66::Everything a MANBEARPIG should be.
blaknickle::Mitch Mcgary needs to go pro
uw2100::Quick question  How is Stiemsma doing for the wolves this year??
adam2121::I think he's doing pretty good for what he is.  Brings energy and toughness.  Help defense and a presence in the lane.  Playing too many minutes due to injuries but that's not his fault.
Shelton2622::He is not starter material just yet, but a solid backup. If we can keep Adelman he can develop into a great post player.
uw2100::so which is it?
Sir Mittens the ninth::to answer your question Darko&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Steimer
Shelton2622::That's a fallacy my good sir.
TheJTram::You cant be serious lol
relentlessind127::Another game in which D-Will plays less minutes than Dante and scores more points then him.
The Common Troll::This was the worst officiated game I have ever watched. Those refs need to be fired
TheJTram::So good game, #FireFrank, #BanFrank, and #BanFrankForever. The usual stuff =l good night
Mens6413::ADELMAN 2002 NBA CHAMPION
TheJTram::Yeah he got robbed that year. Game 6 WCF...Never forget
Mens6413::rigged 2002WCF
Mens6413::1000 win for adelman
adam2121::Good game Pistons.  Congrats to Adelman.  I'd take Brandon Knight any day over someone who just steps out of the way to give up a layup or dunk.  The whole "dunkface" thing is ridiculous IMO.  And letting Griffin get away with jumping through people and using his off arm to climb the guy is good TV but bad basketball.
BigshotRob is the Best::Pistons are either tanking or they just plain stink!
pistonfanstill::Pistons loss as soon as the press announced Lawrence Frank was being seriously considered for the head coaching job.
The Common Troll::Stink? Somebody still lives with their mom..
TheJTram::Tanking is a disgrace to ALL NBA teams. We just suck lol there's a difference &lt;.&lt;
t casey::I missed most of the first 3 quarters, can somebody fill me in on why Calderon wasn't playing down the stretch? Was he hurt or was it just due to how well Knight and Stuckey were playing?
pistonfanstill::Who was Calderon b4 the Pistons made him out to be an answer?  Point Guard on a perennial loser?  Every team has a leading scorer, assists and rebounder.  This is the same team which hired Lawrence Frank, a NBA Groupie to be their head coach.  The Nets are only now climbing out the hole of Lotteryland Frank led them into.  He had no coaching experience b4 the Nets hired him.  He took a consecutive Finalist down.  Thats his resume.
t casey::Thanks. It was good to see Knight at pg again. He's got a long way to go if he wants to be a permanent fixture there, but damn can he be good when he's playing with confidence.
TheJTram::The latter
daytonabeach82::U MEAN TO TELL ME JOSE IS #1 IN 3PT SHOOTING IN THE LEAGUE N HES NOT IN LATE IN GAME
TheJTram::Yeah...our coach SUCKS that bad and really dumb to not have Calderon in
Shelton2622::Adelman 1000!!!!!!!!!!!!!
23germany::1000th win has to asterisked, pistons are just not a prof sports team  macaabi tel aviv would beat those guys too
TheJTram::HEY.....
nietoadrian::noway
Sir Mittens the ninth::I feel disappointed we didn't blow out detroit. I didn't watch the game till the last 3 minutes, what happened???
Hi There_::lots and lots of Minny steals...
TheJTram::Lead went back and forth. Rubio made some clutch plays. We made some clutch plays until that last play. From then on, the foul game
Sir Mittens the ninth::thanks
Sir Mittens the ninth::congrats rick :)
bigbluenation90::wow great company for addelman 8th coach
Fan of Underdogs 2012::Congrats on 1000 Adelman!  Now stick around a few more years and try to add another milestone to your coaching resume... NBA champion.
Larsbars08::We won and Rubio played his worst game in almost a month and a half. I'll take it.
BigshotRob is the Best::game over!!!
daytonabeach82::DID JOSE GET HURT
nietoadrian::two nice young teams
thewolf1616::Gratz to rick!
Sir Mittens the ninth::that detroit play was awful
bigbluenation90::I agree
TheJTram::It's our coach. Don't expect much lol
TheJTram::Smh....shoulda got BK or Calderon to shoot a 3. Good game
daytonabeach82::DID HE GET HURT
TheJTram::Dont think so
daytonabeach82::WHERES CALDERON
skywaalk3r::Battle of the best teams.
bigbluenation90::waisted too much time, congrats to Addellman though
