Raidersyeahthatsright::Little did we know this was the beginning of something special. Fakers? LMFAO!!! Sorry Grizz, this is a new year!
Road dog Red::Jeez...will SA please go away quietly...they are so old its embarrassing the NBA
jayshah96::Haha, look where they are now son.
boomer6227::Coming from a Boston Fan.  Quit,
NOVABuffalo::I heard the C's were signing Bill Russell this weekend
KungFuHustle1981::GINOOOOOOOOOOOOOOBILI!
cullins14::Great game.Poor officiating.But a win is a win.GO SPURS GO!!!
hernon254::Spurs look great in the regular season but by the time the playoffs arrive their legs catch up with them.  Maybe they can make a run this year because of the shortened season.  Still don't think they can bet OKC, LA or Dallas in a seven game series
NOVABuffalo::By LA ... guess you mean the clippers?
TomiRG::I love the fact that fans os the rivals of the Spurs hate Ginobili, that only tells how good Manu is. All his haters would LOVE to have him playing in their teams, but as he crushes them they are bitter as $@%!. Go Manu GO, GO Spurs GO!!
dancedance65::Like everyone else said, turning the ball over 20+ times and only getting ten assists is a losing effort against any team. But to look at the positives, Rudy played pretty well and the bench was good without Battier and Arthur. I hate the Spurs, but it's a very respectful hatred, so I will say good game. Until we meet again, go Grizzlies!
Jared15423::Take away the Manu flops and the Grizzlies still loose. 24 turnovers is a joke. Im a grizzlies fan and the grizzlies handed the Spurs the game. TOOOOO MANY TURNOVERS against a veteran team is going to get you smoked.
Jared15423::I was at the game and I must say seeing Manu flop in person is the biggest joke ever. What a big joke. Go Grizz
hookemzuniga1022::HAHA NOVA!
NOVABuffalo::Yeah Manu is a real joke ---- did you look at your profile picture?
Antsea91::Glad to see Ginobli hasn't changed his flopping ways
TomiRG::Ginobili isn´t only a big time flopper..He is a future Hall of Famer $@%!$@%, what Memphis player is going to the HOF? Right..no one
NOVABuffalo::I glad and it's good to know since he is a three-time NBA champion and two-time all-star.
Jared15423::he flopped on a 3 point play and 2 others that changed the swing of the game.
.Silky Johnston.::Indeed. he flopped his way to 24 points and took a giant sh'it on the grizzlies defense. Man he sucks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
nba is the worst::Props to my Spurs for being the only old team to get a win so far
Road dog Red::shove it
boomer6227::Boston is so old...
CandySparker::He is a Super Manu.
sportsguy4248::big Spurs fan here and its always nice to start the season off on a high note, but the Grizzlies are a very good basketball team and they will be fine this season.  One game doesnt mean a whole lot in the grand scheme of things. Both of these teams should be contending for top 4 seeds in the West this season. Good luck to Memphis but Go Spurs Go!!!
DaBears281::play of the night? /watch?v=69ZR92y1gug
iTzDiRkFoR3::Manu for MVP!
Astrohusky::Looks like Pondexter got some decent playing time and produced well.  Good trade for Memphis, he was really under-utilized by the Hornets.
rickster62982::wen manus healthy we're so much tougher to defend.
ssappaz::All the highlights are Ginobli flopping, says a lot for the Spurs
jhrncir::Was Ginobili flopping?  Or was Memphis playing out of control?  Anytime someone like Randolph is dumb enough to jump when making a pass in transition, someone better take the charge, and Ginobili did.
Antsea91::Nah, he was flopping. Spurs are notorious for exploiting the rules to gain an advantage or as they love to call it "playing smart".
jlongoria02::nah its called playing smart.... enough said....
michaelwallacewvu::why didn't OJ play??
nba is the worst::17 mins, 4 pts 4 reb 1 ast 2 TOs
Dr_Evil_813::The Spurs are undefeated!!! ;-)  GO SPURS GO!!!!!
NOVABuffalo::it looking like 66-0 - LOL
soul_sonic_force::memphis could have won this if they wanted to but they are looking forward to wednesday night
soul_sonic_force::memphis can crush the spurs any night they feel like it
.Silky Johnston.::so they just felt like getting beat by the spurs tonight? uh huh...sure.
.Silky Johnston.::Spurs could've won this one by 20+ but they were looking forward to going to bed tonight.
Antsea91::lol old men need their rest
SPURS DYNASTY::A very underplayed thing the Spurs have going for them to start this season is their chemistry. Its already been evident but a lot of teams have been commiting quite a bit of turnovers to start the season off due to new aquisitions and a shortened training camp. While I'm not trying to argue that the Spur's doing virtually anything over the offseason is a good thing, it should be noted that as a result of doing little this offseason, they won't have NEARLy as much trouble taking care of the basketball compared to other teams which should help them establish a solid record early on this season which will bode well for them as they enter the final stretch of the season.
NOVABuffalo::Spurs advantage is chemistry, their disadvantage is age of key players.  Going to need bench players to come through in the dog days of the season and playoffs.  Perhaps TD, Manu and Parker have one more in them --- let's hope so!!
NOVABuffalo::serious question --- was the 24 Grizz TOs due to sloppy play or Spurs defense?  I was only able to follow on blackberry and couldn't watch game.
NOVABuffalo::appreciate it .... if Spurs could have done that in the playoffs instead of a regular season game.
Chompster777::combination of both
ensuenomanzanilla::I take it Spurs fans are happy with Kawhi? (minus the slight mistake down court after the inbound) -SDSU fan
ensuenomanzanilla::True. I think by the AllStar break we will be able to tell whether he would have benefited us more by staying another year..
NOVABuffalo::it's a long season, let's see what the year looks like
5thRing2011::History in the making ppl
5thRing2011::Drew Brees breaks dan marinos record.....
Chompster777::Drew Brees: 620 attempts.  Dan Marino: 564 attempts.
angelocody::Super Bowl Rings  Drew Brees: 1 Dan Marino: 0
royboy1978::One thing I've always learned in life is that it doesn't matter how you start the race, its how you finish.  Grizz may have lost the race tonight, but they can finish strong near post-season.
Tyrick Townsend::spurs fans are really F.CKIN IGNORANT....just becase they got ONE win they think they're the $@%!...NEWSFLASH your nothing b.tches!!!! GO GRIZZ GO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
NOVABuffalo::That methadone went right to the keyboard
kirt02::if it makes you feel any better, Brees is from Texas, too
5thRing2011::NEWSFLASH: You dont have any rings......LOL
5thRing2011::Wow...You are one sore loser
Srwankerbe::That's right!!! Hey spurs fans, go tell this guy that he's a pinche pendejo!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KisKSc19WKU
burritochits::Apparently, ESPN doesn't speak spanish?
warrenp1::Remember how Spurs fans bashed Dallas fans for making so much out of regular season wins? Now, the Spurs fans are doing it too. Was 2007 that long ago?
NOVABuffalo::If you are a Mavs fan, you have to be very concerned.  Two blow out games to start the season, poor defense and players getting to know each other.  Mavs players need to realize as defending champs you got to know each night you have a target on your back.  The off season moves indicate management isn't looking to repeat.
TunaDM84::One game in the regular season and your already talking about the past. If you want to talk about the past, mention how SA is the most successful NBA franchise in the state of Texas.
Tyrick Townsend::keep your heads up memphis fans. its just ONE f.uckin game, 65 more to go....so spurs fans $@%! cause ONE game doesnt make or break GRIZZ or SPURS. with that being said GO GRIZZ!!
jlongoria02::Dam sorry grizzz fans....all that talk but SPURS FTW!!!!!!
DatBoy64::I'm just wondering how many people actually understand what FTW means?  I know I don't
DaBears281::for the win
Txboy12345::For The Win.
5thRing2011::Lets see excuses all the mainstream analysts make up for the Grizz loss and not give any credit to the spurs....F.u.ck them haters....GOSPURSGO
kirt02::LOL, you matter to yourself.  you should go OWS.
royboy1978::What in the hell are you talking about?  What excuses are being made?  The only thing I saw tonight was my Grizzlies not playing with intensity and passion.  This loss is actually an embarrassment and should not be tolerated.
abswet10::It happens all the time the spurs need more credit GO SPURS GO!!!!!
DatBoy64::I have to admit 5th... I'm a big Spurs-hater too.....  Nothing personal against you, I just hate your favorite basketball team
DatBoy64::LOL  Well, thanks a lot.  Maybe I don't matter to you, but I matter to myself.  All of us matter to ourselves 5th
5thRing2011::Bt your not a mainstream analysts so u dont matter
Quinton7451::yeah spurs u did ur job now win a title !!!!!!!! GOSPURSGO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Q
Quinton7451::definatley
abswet10::it helps the Mavs are 0-2 GO SPURS GO!!!!!
warrenp1::The Mavs are also defending champions. Remember how Spurs fans bashed Dallas fans for making so much out of regular season wins? Now, the Spurs fans are doing it too. Was 2007 that long ago?
Spursdc::That was fun. F the refs
abswet10::even though im a spurs fan i agree not a good officiating game
royboy1978::As well as bad calls and fouls on the Grizzlies.
abswet10::Bad calls and fouls on the spurs that shouldnt have been called
royboy1978::Grizz will be looking for some revenge on January 30th.
royboy1978::Don't worry, we will be better prepared .
abswet10::GO SPURS GO!!!!!
Txboy12345::Think the Spurs won't? Both teams got worn out.
abswet10::They will be looking but not finding GO SPURS GO!!!!!
DatBoy64::I hate the Spurs.  Always have, always will
glstreet1974::The one thing about the Spurs I love has always been their class. You might not like them, but you must admit that. Plus, they are the last small market to win in the NBA and frankly might be for a long time.
DatBoy64::I like Popovich.....   That I'll say.  Maybe I lost a lot betting on em.  Hard to say... Maybe they were just too damn dominant &amp; I naturally pull for underdogs.  Tim Duncan really annoyed me...  his mannerisms.. something.  Then Ginobili... same deal.  I dunno....   Nothing personal against Spurs fans.. just one of those quirky things about myself... I learned to dislike this team a lot
DatBoy64::Well, I just don't think it's such a big deal.  I mean, let's say u hated the Lakers (which possibly u do if you're a Spurs fan).  I ain't about to say F&amp;ck You to you cuz you posted something up about never being an LA fan
Txboy12345::Thats because they need to grow up and it's not best for you to respond the way you did.
DatBoy64::I actually hate the NBA....  I like college though.  But I've never liked San Antonio one bit.  Looking back, I don't know what exactly it was.  I used to like David Robinson, so it was something that happened after that.  Not sure why fools like Chompster get so overly worked up about it... I mean, don't we all have sports teams we dislike for some reason?
Txboy12345::Yes we all do but I don't come on here saying it out loud.
Txboy12345::That's very nice of you to say. Whos your team? Lakers? Mavs? Suns?
Chompster777::$@%! YOU!!!!!!!!!!
Txboy12345::Little Children, grow up please.
MaddSammyboy::Oh Chompster, DatBoy64 is so insulted by your little comment. Let him kick your a$$ cyber-style. Maybe you can both log into an interactive website where he can beat the pi$$ out of you
MaddSammyboy::Oh Chompster, DatBoy64 is so insulted by your little comment. Let him kick your a$$ cyber-style. Maybe you can both log into an interactive website where he can beat the pi$$ out of you
DatBoy64::Oh Chompster, I'm so insulted by your little comment.  Let me kick your a$$ cyber-style.  Maybe we can both log into an interactive website where I can beat the pi$$ out of you
DatBoy64::Oh Chompster, I'm so insulted by your little comment.  Let me kick your a$$ cyber-style.  Maybe we can both log into an interactive website where I can beat the pi$$ out of you
5thRing2011::Dallas loses again, LA losing, Spurs get revenge....Its a good nite folks...GOSPURSGO
warrenp1::NOBODY knows what the rest of the season will be. How many of these "experts" on here had Dallas winning it all last year?
Txboy12345::Everyone still has the Heat winning it all. lol
royboy1978::Sorry, but the 2011-12 World Champs will be coming from the East this year.
Txboy12345::And who is that?
warrenp1::Why worry about Dallas? They're the World Champions. I remember plenty of Spurs fans saying the regular season doesn't mean anything when Dallas had better regular season records than S.A. It's the playoffs that count.
Quinton7451::thats last year this is a new year GOSPURSGO!!!!!!
Txboy12345::They lost 2 key players that helped them win that Championship. They arn't as good as they were last yesr.
abswet10::Spurs win + Mavs and lakers loss  = SPURS CHAMPIONSHIP
Chompster777::i hate that sound it makes when you like a comment (will the idiots fall for it?)
cowboysspurs20::I thought Rudy Gay was gonna make this team the best in this division lol.
Ro20SA::z bo wont be as tough if gay is taking the shots...i dont see this team being the same as last year, especially without battier.
5thRing2011::Where are all the Memphis fans that were talking sh.i.t earlier. What now b.i.thces!!!!!!!! GOSPURSGO
Jared15423::who is we? You play for the spurs?
Quinton7451::ok and we will be waiting to kick ur butt againGOSPURSGO
royboy1978::Again, I don't know about my fellow Memphis fans but all I know is that we'll see you on January 30th!!!!
glstreet1974::Wow, the best part about this(not that beating the team that put us out early is not) is that we gave up 82 POINTS. That is Spurs' basketball. Defense and team play. Good win. Keep it up Spurs.
Spursdc::Get some rest. Then hit the gym for some practice
.Silky Johnston.::Titans Yemen Grizzlies 119 - Spurs 73 Go Grizz Go   3 fans like this. 7 Hours Ago · Like · Reply · Flag
Ro20SA::okc 4 memphis 3...  .doesnt matter if u dont win it all...
glstreet1974::It's OK, they deserve to be confident, but delusional? Perhaps not.
.Silky Johnston.::there were a bunch of those earlier in the day. I was fighting grizz fans tooth and nail.
5thRing2011::Good job silky
cowboysspurs20::Why wasn't that comment flagged?
thenbaisback20::Spurs &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Lakers, Celtics, Mavs
royboy1978::What about the Bulls and Heat???
RRSJ12::Spurs can take Memphis now though. They could've last year but Pop wouldn't use Anderson or Splitter. Even Green could've got us a couple 3's in those cold spurts
5thRing2011::1 down....65 to go.....GOSPURSGO
abswet10::SPURS WIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
D3zii::Wow, Lenoard really  has to work on his shot between now and Wenesday
sportsdtmsdsu::Do not be concerned
A11Wor1d::I'm curious to see how he'll fare by the end of the season and next season...Chip Engelland should have him making the three more consistently by next season....
Spursdc::We got him for his D and rebounding. He was a top rebounder in college
abswet10::he was a good pickup he had 6 rebounds and 2 steals but he needs to work on his shooting GO SPURS GO!!!!!
A11Wor1d::His defense was very good tonight....Splitter's too guarding the paint...
A11Wor1d::Yeah..........hot and cold......However, having a knack on defense and being agressive to the hole seems to be his game right now.....I like what i see....
royboy1978::Grizz better be prepared when Memphis Sports radio and the rest of the media chews their a.sses tonight and tomorrow.  Let their rants and raves serves as a lesson to not lay down to anyone.
