TRHMC1::If you watched any of Dions pre-draft scouting stuff, you KNEW he was gonna jack that trey, lol.
doesitreallymatter69::Trade Josh Smith for Demarcus Cousins.
onthemic79.2::Just when you think the Hawks have turned a corner....
tdiddy0317::Cleveland teams are still tough to watch but I have a good feeling that in 2-3 years, the Cavs, Browns and Indians are going to all be solid teams!
jl328::Not the Indians
Grindhouse2413::Hey Cav fans. Griz fan here. Just wanted to stop in and say good win guys against a good ATL team. GO Cavs.
scottsvb1::Gee Sucks... he got lucky and happened to be at the right place at the right time.   Horrible shooting,,bad defense and 6 TO's    What a waste out there.   I really hope they bench him down to 5 min a game when Kyrie comes back. and put him in more of a SF position.
TRHMC1::Gee is a solid glue guy. He'll be a phenomenal 7th man on a Cavs contender.
1mproperDancing::Gee's problem is he should be a bench guy but, since the Cavs have no one else at the SF, he's become a starter.  He is usually pretty great when he comes off the bench, but until the Cavs find a starter at the three, Gee will get the nod.
TheTristanShow::Hes the Best defender on the Cavs you idiot
Jon Gruden..Please Come To The Vols::He doesnt suck, but he isnt great either.
LiveAndDieCleveland::When will Byron Scott coach defense? The Cavs give up way way too many wide open shots.  They won't win too many more games until the defense improves..
TRHMC1::Lol, I was screaming the same thing after that Williams three. After the post game though, Coach Scott said he told the guys to switch on any and every pick on that last shot. They didn't. Can't blame the coach if the youngsters don't execute the plan in the heat of battle.
Mr. Bradford::When multiple Cavaliers score a double double on you, you know you're in for a loss. I didn't expect to see that.   Great win, Cavs.
roastbeafman87::Varejao is an unstoppable rebounding machine. I didn't play fantasy basketball this year, but I wish I did mainly to have him on my team.
Jon Gruden..Please Come To The Vols::FINALLY GOT A WIN.   If we play the 4th quarter like we did tonight in our other games, I smell a playoff spot!
CarolinaPanther8912::Wow, Being from Cleveland I will be the first to tell you we know cleveland teams suck. Doesnt mean we dont love them, Your "facts" are what we call an OPINION.
YenxRenx::Difference is, Jet fans are honest and admit that the team sucks. Cavs fans, whose team is far worse are dishonest and claim that their team is a worldbeater at 4-12.  It's not about whether a team is good, fans don't control that. It;s about honesty. Something Cleveland fans lack. Browns, Indians, cavs are terrible every year, yet every year Cleveland fans claim their great. Sucks to be you.  As I've said many times on this thread. i have never bashed the Cavs. I have simply stated verifiable facts when Cavs fans spew falsehood.
jl328::Jets fans are the least honest fans there are.  Before the seasons started, they thought they were going to the Super Bowl each of the last 3 years even though everybody else on the planet knew that they were going to suck.  You're also not even honest about Cleveland teams.  They're not terrible every year like you say,  The Cavs had the best record in the league 2 years in a row and went to the Finals.  The Indians were the best team in baseball in the 1990s and went to the ALCS just a few years ago--- so, what are you talking about with "every year"?  We know that all 3 teams suck THIS year but so did Philadelphia and a bunch of other cities.  So, to say they are all terrible "every year" shows how dishonest you are.  But, please, tell us how the Jets are going to rebound and win the Super Bowl next year.  I'm predicting 1-15 since they are stuck with Sanchez at QB.
yata-9arasu::This guy just doesn't understand.  When you respond and try and prove him wrong he just ignores you.  He claims that the Cavs are just as good without Irving at a .200 percentage but fails to realize that the Cavs were winning at .320 clip in Irving's rookie year.  That isn't great but what can you expect.  HE WAS A ROOKIE on one of the worst teams in the league.  I even brought up the fact that the Bulls won .328 % of their games with Jordan in his rookie year, Durant won .220 and .280 in his first 2 SEASONS.  But he never responds.  He tells us we are dishonest but in reality he is the dishonest one.  Look we understand what we have.  We are NOT worldbeaters.  We have a young team that is not very good but has shown signs that they can get better.  That is all.  You really misinformed if you think any rational Cleveland fan would think otherwise(there are always the super optimists, of course).
tdiddy0317::You couldn't be more backwards. Cleveland fans know when their teams aren't good. Ever heard of a bitter Cleveland fan? Yea, that's all of us. The Jets fans are the ones who think they are better than the Giants and Super Bowl bound every year. Even your coach had to stop his ridiculous predictions because the J-E-T-S Suck Suck Suck! FYI, I would NEVER post on a Jets thread because I'm a CLEVELAND FAN. Goodbye sir.
YenxRenx::nope, no playoffs for Cleveland...lol.
Jon Gruden..Please Come To The Vols::NO PLAYOFFS FOR THE JETS HAHAHA
portans1936::Andy deserves all star
tdiddy0317::It's pretty sad when the Jets are so bad that you have to post on a Cleveland forum...
YenxRenx::Andy would deserve to be an All-Star if his performance helped the Cavs attain a respectable record. instead Andy has led them to complete failure.
Brad231975::Love me some Pargo! Love to see a Zag doing some work!
DrawohWasHere::nighty night picklemen.    I'm off to bed.    Cya all tomorrow night.   Same Cavalier station.    Same Cavalier channel, same Cavalier result.
YenxRenx::same result? You mean a marginal win versus a weak team? lol
kardiackid11::How great would it be if the Lakers end up being the 8th or 7th seed in the West and we got Zeller and a 15th-ish pick this year for a two month rental of Ramon Sessions
ricky2213::shabazz
clevesports::nvm
adeptimg::Oh well Flashes... Nice run.
Jon Gruden..Please Come To The Vols::Like Walton is a waste of space. I dont even know why we traded for him
iWitnessAccount::1st round pick (sessons to LA and waltons contract to us) ----------------&gt; trade up with Dallas (extra 2nd round picks) --------------------&gt; Tyler Zeller.   That's why.  Now we can trade his 6Mil expiring contract and get something else or let it expire and get more cap space.   See?
adeptimg::Cuz his old man was good?
mackers024::we got Tyler Zeller and an addtion lakers pick plus he can be used in a trade, pretty good for takin on luke walton
DrawohWasHere::ha
andrewplayer21::Hey Kent State still gets to play in a bowl.Good season for them.
YenxRenx::Yankees have never been banned , Ohio State has.  looks like you flagged my post.. are you that desperate? lol
CarolinaPanther8912::Is a yankees fan trying to talk integrity? hahahahahhahahahahhahahah
YenxRenx::here is what we know about Ohio States "integrity"....Schlichter, Katzenmoyer, Clarett, Woody hayes assaulting opposing players, Jamaal Berry,Rob Reynolds, Tyrrelle Pryor... absolutely disgusting. Then there is the matter of the 30% graduation rate for black football players....and their all-time losing record in bowl games....very impressive!!
YenxRenx::ohio state is 20-23 all-time in bowls games... sry to inform you.
tdiddy0317::Again, you are ignorant. Ohio state is tied for 1st with the MOST BCS Bowl wins.
YenxRenx::oh? then how come I don't see them in the BCS standings? Do you really believe that a couple of tattoos is the REAL story? Hey, I gotta bridge in Brooklyn that I'll sell you REAL cheap!!!
ricky2213::im going to say yes it was the real story. ESPN likes to report as many bad things as they can about OSU and all they had was tatt stories
YenxRenx::Too bad they cheated...lol. Besides Ohio State never seals the deal when it counts...whats it 1 title in like 50 years?..and dont forget Greg Oden and Sullinger...hahahaha  Oho State hoops last title was 1960....terrible.
clevesports::they did not cheat, they sold memorabilia for money and tattoos...but i would not expect you to know the difference
DrawohWasHere::oh yeah.     But it sure would've been great to have an Ohio team in the BCS THIS year.
Qzhoopin20::Why is Luke Walton still in the NBA????
iWitnessAccount::because they have guaranteed contracts in the NBA and somebody thought they were signing Bill Walton
orange_63::if every body improved as much as andy we would make the playoffs...........didn't Byron say Andy played great &amp; everybody else sucked???? a game or two ago.......lol
DrawohWasHere::Kent State down TD in double OT right now.    Would like to see them win it as they'd be an auto BCS team.   NIIU would have to count on several teams to lose for that buster bid.
YenxRenx::Kent State already lost. We don't need that trash in a BCS Bowl. Heck, Kent State couldn't even win their conference.
DrawohWasHere::As an OU fan, this would've, should've, danged if it could've been year, but they had a boat load of season ending injuries.    But I'm hoping Kent St. wins just so we can have a BCS buster.
Jon Gruden..Please Come To The Vols::N. Illinios won
jmt02191990::Kent State would also need UCLA and Texas to lose in order to make a BCS game.
DrawohWasHere::no to jmt.   all they needed was to win this game which they didn't.   IT's NIU that needs all those other teams to lose.
kardiackid11::and they need to convert this 4th and 8
Jon Gruden..Please Come To The Vols::is it on ESPN?
kardiackid11::espn2
mackers024::why do they get auto BCS bid?
mackers024::hmm, good for them
kardiackid11::if a non-bcs school is in the top-16 and a team from a bcs conference is ranked below them, they get a auto-bid
Jon Gruden..Please Come To The Vols::YenxRenx, ouch. How's the whole Jets/Tebow/Sanchez/Super Bowl thing working out for yall? hahaha
iWitnessAccount::he's just a sad troll - and not a very good one at that.  We should feel sorry for him --- and just ignore him.
Jon Gruden..Please Come To The Vols::YenxRenx
quickbr0wnf0x::Ignore who?
Sportsfan61679::How did Varejao become a 20-15 player?
TRHMC1::Andy has said the biggest factor is simply a coach and system that believes in his offensive skills. Varajao at the top as the main hub of the offense works great and he's said that because he now handles the ball so much more on offense, he's able to get into a much better rhythm. His shooting, assists, and FT% have skyrocketed...combined with the grit, defense, and insane rebounding energy, dude is an All-Star.    Just another example of how clueless Mike Brown was.
Frank_Einstein1921::I hope he is voted to the all-star team this season.
BOBCATS DYNASTY::wheaties
adeptimg::Breakfast of head starters? Oh... That's Weedies. Sorry...
orange_63::he's taking joebees vitamins this year..........lol
mackers024::hustle,hardwork, and effort
DrawohWasHere::Good MAC championship game going on.   dOT now.
orange_63::is Casspi a different player this year,  it seemed nobody liked him last year but he must have improved a bit now???
TRHMC1::Had a good summer in Israel, got his confidence back.
adeptimg::He's worked hard in practice, so Byron gave him more minutes. Plus injuries were also a factor.
Frank_Einstein1921::Coming off the bench has humbled him.  That, and he has improved his shot selection.
DrawohWasHere::possibly relaxing a bit now that he sees even Luke Walton made it through another cut.
kardiackid11::I guess getting on the all-star ballot really improves a player's confidence
kardiackid11::No joke, he is on the all-star ballot... I guess its for the Jewish/Israeli vote
orange_63::do they have all-star ballots for bench players?
allwedoiswingames::David Stern = Miami Heat fan the only way the spurs got fined
Jon Gruden..Please Come To The Vols::Wait a second?!?!? Cavs outscored a team in the 4th?    I must be dreaming. We couldn't close out in any games.
YenxRenx::Only happens when Kyrie Irving sits....
mackers024::troll +not fan of either team + friday night= no life
orange_63::it only happens when i forget to watch them.......so you can thank me!
Frank_Einstein1921::Thank you, and please forget about games more often.
Jon Gruden..Please Come To The Vols::hahaha me too! Everytime I pay attention to the game, we lose. So I decided to watch football today lol
adeptimg::Tanx!
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::Okay it was a hiccup, what team doesn't have them?? Hawks close out the home stand with Denver and the Wiz with wins any go on the road to Memphis and Miami with a 11-5 record. Be honest who out there in their right mind thought that would be the Hawks record at this point?
BOBCATS DYNASTY::Cavs fans, what is your opinion on Tristan Thompson?
quickbr0wnf0x::He's a project that could be adequate but limited offensively, or develop into a valuable contributor.   He's young, and as frank said, it usually takes big men longer to develop.
Frank_Einstein1921::Undecided, but 4s and 5s are hard to judge early.  They take more time than the smaller guys.
andrewplayer21::A good bench player
adeptimg::His value doesn't show up in the box score.
DrawohWasHere::Personally, I love the guy.
bombteacher::Nice box out on that final shot, Atlanta...Must have been dreaming of overtime.
YenxRenx::of course, 12 outta 16 times, Andy is the one dreaming.....
adeptimg::Andy made sure it was just a dream.
ultrafab::If Varejao were 24, Irving, Waiters, Varejao and 2013 draft pick would be a dynasty in the making
quickbr0wnf0x::Varejao's understanding of the game has continued to advance year after year.   A lot of players compensate with brains as their physical skills pass their prime, and I expect Andy to do the same as he gets into his later career.
DrawohWasHere::I like our 3 bigs in Andy, TT and Zeller.      Each with his own brand of style and the two youngins are following Andy's lead in energy.
BOBCATS DYNASTY::don't forget Thompson. He doesn't put up big numbers, but his defensive presence is extremely important
andrewplayer21::Varejao has 5 solid years left. He got to rest the last two years basically lol. He also was only averaging about 25 minutes when Lebron was here. Plenty left in the tank.
JohnWilkinsonJr::Cavs and Hawks, I see you each had 4 DNP C's decision in this game.  New NBA policy.  $5,000 fine for every non starter that doesn't play.  You never know which fan may have been upset because his favorite player didn't get in the game.  Hadn't heard about that policy?  I just made it up, for the good of the game.  David Stern
allwedoiswingames::and the spurs almost won the game David Stern is a Heat fan
ultrafab::Did Cavs flew them back home before the game?
DrawohWasHere::wtf?
DrawohWasHere::Well I know that, but why is this guy putting this stuff on this thread and trying to make a Luke Harangody/Walton thing a tragedy for NBA fans?
SRStark20::The Spurs got fined 250,000 dollars for not playing Duncan, Parker, Manu, and Danny Green against the Heat.
SRStark20::YenxRenx - not really, LeBron was in the discussion. Look what happened when just that one player told the cavs to screw themselves...lol _______________________________________  Why the hell are you even here? Your profile says you are a Yankees and Jets fan, and doesn't even say anything about basketball.
mackers024::troll + not fan of either team + friday night = no life
quickbr0wnf0x::True.  And YR seems to post on Cleveland sports articles an awful lot for someone who isn't a Cleveland fan.
wtfiuwts::Ignorance just spreads itself.
BOBCATS DYNASTY::Cavs are going to be filthy once LeBron James comes back. I truly believe he will return
iWitnessAccount::funny thing was I actually thought that it would be a master stroke when he left. The Cavs could not build through the draft or free agency. Paxton had really screwed us by not surrounding LBJ with young talent like OKC did with Durant. They tried to get too goo too fast and could never get the right pieces together. They were stuck trying to get rethreads with bad contracts (Jamison) or has beens way past their prime (Shaq).  Leave for a few years, seek a title the easy way somewhere else to take the pressure off, let Cleveland get really bad and collect young talented players, then make a triumphant return to lead the Cavs to a championship.  The problem - of course - was that it was not planned and their was immature behavior on both ends. First the Decision which was a PR nightmare followed by the Letter which scorched the earth behind the departing falsely named Chosen One.  although it appeared even Gilbert left the door open when he wrote that the curse would follow him to south beach until he "did right" by Cleveland.  What did he mean by that? Hmm Conspiracy theorist - talk amongst yourselves...
orange_63::i have an open door policy for lebron to return, he was young and needed a change....he can play with waiters and kyrie.....
SRStark20::As much as I hate the b*stard, he'd push us right into championship contention almost instantly with Kyrie, Dion, Thompson, Zeller, Gee, and Varejao, along with other pickups.
adeptimg::Don't hold your breath.
DrawohWasHere::ewwwwwwwww
DrawohWasHere::He is that, but no.
BOBCATS DYNASTY::I dislike him as much as the next Cavs fan. But he's still the best player in the NBA and having him would immediately make us contenders
JrueRandallHoliday::Andy putting up Kevin Love numbers... It'll be a travesty if Andy keeps up this pace and doesn't make the Allstar team...
YenxRenx::4-12 players shouldn't make the All-Star team
Peter-RCC::so true
DrawohWasHere::He's gotta stay healthy though.
bombteacher::Nice loss to a BOTTOM FEEDER, Atlanta.
YenxRenx::not really, LeBron was in the discussion. Look what happened when just that one player told the cavs to screw themselves...lol
wtfiuwts::Yep. They just lost him. They sure didn't lose him, both of their centers, their shooting guard, and some bench players at the same time. Just the one guy.
bombteacher::Once upon a time...The stuff of fairy tales and bullcrap.
wtfiuwts::You're a Hawks fan. At least the Cavs have been in the discussion of championship caliber in the last decade. Enjoy your pending first round exit.. again.
smarty70885::If they get that far!
BOBCATS DYNASTY::the Cavs can ball with the best of them: see their games against Miami, Memphis, and the Clippers
adeptimg::And the Hawks paid the price.
YenxRenx::not really, most teams view a game against the Cavs as an opportunity to rest
SRStark20::At least your Hawks/Falcons are good and the Braves signed BJ Upton.  Not really a bad time for Atlanta sports right now.
mackers024::And falcons are good, execpt in the playoffs
kardiackid11::plus Georgia is having a great season
orange_63::CAVS ARE THE PREMIER TEAM IN THE EAST............well at least a couple years ago they were......fml
andrewplayer21::Release Walton. Give Kevin Jones some playing time.
DrawohWasHere::I hEARD Saturday.
andrewplayer21::Probally.
andrewplayer21::He was not dressed tonight.
kardiackid11::maybe he, dresses after they get back from the road trip?
kardiackid11::didnt they just call up Kevin Jones?
SRStark20::Saving his contract for a trade down the line. That six mil could go a long way in balancing a deal.
orange_63::wonder if byron scott thinks he's wasting his time with the Cavs, he probably could have had the Lakers job two times over by now.............
BOBCATS DYNASTY::yo Polomontana. How do you feel about Dion Waiters vs. Harrison Barnes now?
seansean145::Had the Cavs lost that game, the fans would be talking about the team tanking the season and try and get a higher pick...LOL
SRStark20::I'm still talking about tanking and getting a higher pick.  I also am talking about development of our players. We aren't going anywhere this year. Let us enjoy our victories. They are few and far between.
yata-9arasu::Exactly.  We aren't going to be good this year but after the draft next year we should be a lot better with one more lotto pick and added depth/improvement from our young players.
YenxRenx::Yep....Cleveland fans are funny like that.
SRStark20::The Good  + Anderson Varejao - 20 points, 18 rebounds (7 offensive), 3 assists, 7-12 FG + Tristan Thompson - 6 points, 15 rebounds (6 offensive), 2 steals, 1 block + Dion Waiters - 21 points, 7 assists, 7-7 FT shooting + Jeremy Pargo - 22 points, 9-13 FG + Omri Casspi - 8 points, 2-3 3PS, 3 rebounds, 2 steals (13 minutes) + Tyler Zeller - 10 points, 3 rebounds, 2 blocks
yata-9arasu::That is awesome.  You just made my day with that.  I really like what this team will look like with one more draft and Irving back!!!
DrawohWasHere::Think we've finally come up with a back up PG in Pargo.
SRStark20::Agreed. Glad we stayed away from Arenas and Flynn.
SRStark20::The other good thing is, nobody really played bad. Gibson was 3-10 from the field, but he still had nine points.
DrawohWasHere::AND... pound for pound is one of the toughest defenders in the league.   IMHO
dolphinkid904::how does a 6 game win streak end vs a team like cleveland at home. typical hawks, bizzare.
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::actually the best team doesn't always win, the team that plays best that night always win. If it was different then there would be like 3 or 4 70 win teams every year.
YenxRenx::4-12...hahahahahaha
DrawohWasHere::The better team won.
SRStark20::I wish Andy was 24 years old.
DrawohWasHere::So does Weeden
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::Classic case of a team taking another team for granted and not going ahead and taking them out early. It happens frequently in every sport. Hawks fans this is the game against Washington all over again except with a bad ending.
yata-9arasu::We played Miami, Memphis, and Orlando all tough at their places.  Chocked away all 3.  Need Kyrie to close out those types of games.
YenxRenx::classic case of two "never won it teams" playing and one loser had to lose to the other loser..lol
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::not really my view but good luck
mackers024::laughing at your own joke, classic
smarty70885::"Jeff Teague stole my other username" is MAD today haha
smarty70885::Idk, but discrediting the guy that Charles Barkley called the best forward in the Eastern Conference minus LeBron James on TNT last night, that's just insulting. Appreciate his work ethic, and the fact that he has indeed gotten better.
Jeff Teague stole my other username::Why would I be mad anyways? Hawks are in much better shape than the Cavs...
Jeff Teague stole my other username::I've heard that a lot yet still haven't gotten any reasoning from you.  But by all means, keep being stupid and calling me "mad" even though I've been calm the whole time in responding to what you have to say. I'm still right here.
SRStark20::1-0 in an era without Luke Harangody.
ultrafab::You will talk about his rebounding... but Varejao  went from a 62% career FT shooter to a 78% FT shooter this season...
ultrafab::I am old school man... I was posting when LeBron was drafted and Kobe sucked in 2004 finals.. LMAO
SRStark20::Holy crap. You've been a member since 2003. That's like five years older than the next oldest one I've seen.
DrawohWasHere::My first account was 1995.
kardiackid11::I saw a guy that created his account on Sept 10, 2001
DrawohWasHere::I was around the first year ESPN started this mess.    But they keep banning me for some reason.
yata-9arasu::We will see how it ends up at the end of the year...  He has slightly improved from last year.
yata-9arasu::Good luck this year Hawks!  GO CAVS!
yata-9arasu::I would be so pissed if Andy was playing for the other team.  He annoys the hell out of the other teams.  Lol.
allwedoiswingames::how many more years are on his contract
adeptimg::I believe he's a free agent after this season.
orange_63::the most annoying player to me is that guy that plays for the bulls and doesn't want to vacation in cleveland...... i forget his name.........
adeptimg::Dude cost Ohio State a Title when he was with Florida. Needs dental work BAD.
adeptimg::Joakim Noah. GRRR.....
adeptimg::Yep The Cavs mustn't let him get away.
DrawohWasHere::I told you people the Hawks were going to lay an egg.
allwedoiswingames::the browns aren't that bad they cant finish game but if they could then it could their record to be good
Jeff Teague stole my other username::Kind of like what the Browns have done the whole year.
Scienceteacher32::nice to see Pargo have a consistent outing....Varejao has more offensive rebounds than most players get defensively...he's a royal pain in the rear for other teams...glad we have him.
